AB8TBACT OF SALES BY AUCTION _ , . THIS DAY. Wenn. 3. Lyons and Co-At their rooms, Bourke street-Boots and shoes. -mw Mess». FiuBBn and Coder.-At their rooms, CoHins jtrect-Mauritius sugr-*», congou tea, grey sheet tag and calico (moro or loss dtma'»ed),«V. r>. _, ««tor. At tho rosidonco of Thos. Brown, juu., Esq.-Drawing, dining, and bed room furniture t also brougham, horses, cows, &c.; "". , JiCEEis. Bow, KtitK, and Co.-At thoir y-_<3e, Bourkc strcet-Entlro horses and brood maros. Veens W. Kabkt pud Co.-At their rooms, Collins street - Column's starch and blue, Mauritius, sugars, rock and coarse liverpool salt, bottled fruits, butter, hams, bacon, North W"ta eheeso, congou tos, sheepwash tobacco, oatmeal, rice. rum, ale, Java Bugar. _i. Ui.J. Loso.-On tho prom'sps, 63 Chancory-lane-. Clearing-out sale of paints, colou.j, paperhantr Jngs, varniohts, _o. Messrs. Grbio and Mdbray.-At their rooms, Collina, street-Wines, spirits, Feast's oilmen's stores, tplit pens, colonial soap, tobacco, limejuice «round oolloo, York hams, green peas, Americarl keans, butter, rico flour, herrings, Baloon and ?vesta matches, Compton'a bacon, Derby cheese, lice, ale, cutty.pipcs, cu.rantB, Bausr_es, dilcd apples, jami, news paper (damaged). VcEsrs. C. (j. Robs and Co.-At tho Now Dock-Toak and iron wood logs, teak planks and boardB, pine spars. On the Australian Wharf-Pitch pino and red deals, Scotch flooring. Mr. AlïKBD Bubs.-On the premises, Leeds Cottage, i Now-roat1, B. lghton-Household feunituro and effects Hems. Jobefii Simmons and Son -At tbolr rooms, Collius-strcot-Pottmautcaus, dogctrts and har- ness, fancy goods. Hetera. Geo. Thomas and Co.-On the Australian Wharf-Cargo of hardwood ; also deals. On tho Queon's Wharf-Rocho and slack lime. Mr. J. Wade.-At his rooms, Collins-street-Springo goods, frit hats, shepherd's plaid. Mr. Thomas Gibbs.-At his rooms, 40 Swanston-streot -Plumbers' tools, boxr-, vyeos, glass, books, chairs, wheelbarrow, Ac. AIcBsrs. James Henderson and Co.-At Kirk's Bazaar, Bourke-Btroot-Baco horses. Messrs. BnnoE and Co.-At their rooms, Qucon-strcot -Port wine, cbamprgno, brandy, grocorles, pro- visions, paints, cigars. »r. H. A. Cofffy.-At Llojd's Booms, Collins-strcot -The brig " Harriet Hopo." Bales by AuoUon. AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. MESSES. J. LYONS and Co. SELL by AUC- TION, at their mart, on Tuesday, Soptombor a, commencing prrcUely at eleven o'clock, Tho wholo cf the stock-in-trade of Messrs. Cornell Brothers. Tho wholo of the nooda ero for positivo sale, and -nlll bo sold to the highest bidder, without any lescrvc,for cash._ THIS DAY. " 3*0 tho Boot and Shoo Trade of Melbourno, Goolong, and the vo.lous Gold-flolds. Important and Unreîorvcd Sale of tho Wholo of tbo VMuablo Stock-'-i-Trado of Messrs. Cornel Brothers. J LYONS and Co. aro instructed by Messrs. . Co."eil Brothers to SELL by AUe,riON, at their mai«., Bourk stroot, on Tuesday, September 4, at eloveit o'clock precisely, The wholo of their valuable stock-in-trade, compris- ing over 225 trunks of wcll-solocted stock, and consist ins: of, viz. CaEcs and ti «inks of- - Men's rough-bradded wellingtons Do superior ca't do Do enamelled do Gentlemen's P. G. boots, assorted Ho calf elastic boots, do Do eli--fed do, do Dosupeilor button do _ Do patent golOBhed E S. boots Wen's superior hobnailed watertight^ YouthB' superior hrlf-wollingtons, bluchers, and alberts jt Men's first quality military bluchers_ Do do nailed watertight* Gentlemen's supei ior roan and tter sllppors Do do stout w cb and other do Do do cloth boots, to button, &c.; Ladies' Ware, itonsiflllng of Coloured cashmere boots, E. sides Do do buttons Do cloth goloshed do, M. II. Do molle antique do, assorted Cloth and cashmere boots, buttons, T. P. H, Leather boots, of assorted qualities Seal, carpet, and other slippers \ ictoria ond Balmoral assorted boots Superior Victoria patent kid do Do blnck cashniero boots,buttons Db do, s ti apa Maids'and girls' assorted boots and shoes. Also, A very largo and cho'co assorted quantity of general stock, fully adapted to thercquue incuti of tho trade (whether for wholesale or retail purposes), the wholo having been selected by tho importers with a duo regard to the Reason, and to be sold Without the least reservo. Terms-Cash. i .,, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 0. ' Ova timo Goodi, for Unpaid Storage. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, s at their mart, Bourke-stroet, on Thuibday, .September 6, at elevon o'clock, 25 boxes and ca'os, immigrants' packages, stored with Mr. Wm. Bakh, of tho Australia Felit Hotel. The samo not having been redeemed. _Term1-Cash._ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 0. Tho wholo of the Bar Fittings, Fixtures, Household Furniture, Ac. Of tho Australia Felix Hotel, Bourko-strcot. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a by order of the proprietor, Mr William Bilach, at their mart, Bourke street, on Thursday, September D, at eleven o'clock prccisoly, Tho whole of the bar and gas fittings, &c;, romoved 1er tho convenience of salo, and consisting of Bar fixtures, including counter, sholves Gas fittings, &c;, complote , Five-motion sup. brass-mounted boor engine Spirit kegsand measures Decanters, glasses, and wines Bar table, bedroom furniture, kitchen furniture, dining and drawing room furniture, featlior beds, assorted engravings, water butts and tubs, superior pier and other glasses, floor- cloth, &c.; The above sale is called by reason of the proprietor xcmovhig his licence to olhor and moro commodious premises, and consequently the goods must bo sold without resort o for muli._ THIS DAY. 1,410 Bags Mauritius Sugars. Fino Brown, Medium, Good, and Really Fine Counters. _b Merchants, Grocers, Browers, Storekeepers, and Otbors. EBASER and COHEN have received instruc- tions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION,. al their rooms, Colliut-atrcot, on Tuesday, September ?A, at cloren o'clock, C-Rochebrand, 102 bags K-Quatre Scours, 180 do . > E-Belle Elvo, 207 do ' D-Coto d'or, 70 do " ' I-Olomencca, 167 do , St. George, 100 do California, 200 do B-Sottise, 185 do . K-Mon Desert, 164 do G-Deep River, 50 do - ? L-Bello Etoile, 42 do Total, 1,410 bags Mauritius sugar. Also, Sec. 10-22 bags do do And 10 do samples do. The abovo sugars range in quality from fine brown, medium, good, and really first counters, tho fine3t eu_ars in the markot, and are to bo positively sold, to close the shipment. Terms at Bale._ THIS DAY. 1 Mrritimo, Gardiner's Crook-road. < At the Resldenco of Thos. Brown, Jun., Esq. Superb Drawing, Dining, and Bed Room Furnituro and Ef.ects. Also, Brougham, Horses, Cows, &c.; . "TflRASER and COHEN have received instruc- ts tiona from Thomas Browr, jan, Esq., who is leaving town, to SELL by AUCTION, at his resi- dence, Marítimo, Gardiner's Creek-road, on Tuosday, September 4, at twelve o'clock, The wholo of his furnituio and effects, com Blcgant elrawingroom Bulto, covered in bluo striped tabarot, trimmed with silk gimp, con- sisting of settee, 8 chairs, oasy-chatr, &o;, Fino-toncd piano, in handsome walnut caso (bichorda grand), by Broadwood and Sons, &c; HogantdlnlDgroom furniture, consisting of Spanish mahogany chairs, morocco-covered Boats and backs, by Thwaites Pining table, to dine 24 persons Superior sldoboard Superior bookcase, Thwaites , Mahogany wardrobos, chiffonnières, able« Silk damask aurtains and gilt cornices Brass-tube bedsteads , , Tapestry and volvot-pllo carpets and hearth- rugs . Bronzes, vases, clocks, and InstroB China and Parian ware Glasswaro » "«?enders and irons Mer glasses, in extra gilt frames, etc. Also, 1 Brougham carriage ! Pair nondsomo carriogo horsos _ milch cows, &e.; ' Catalogues tan he had at the rooms of the »,u> OhoMictloneors would particularly call the attention of Kcntlemen furnishing and others to tbo above »alo of íeslly first-class iurnituro, as tho wholo haB boen io order of the best material, and can with every «ra «dence recommend tho whole of the household fu*nl turo and effects to the particular notice of lntendln_ '"Furniture will bo on view on Monday, the dayta fore the sale. . " , ' Terms at Bale._,_. ' THIS DAY. On Account of Whom it May Concern, More or Less Damaged by Sea-water, Ex Commodore Perry. TUBASEB. und COHEN will SELL by AUÇ JP DON, at the Matt, on Tuesday, September 4, Sutmcdiatcry after, tho salo of Bugara and tea, On account of w horn it may concern. Moro or lets damaged by sea-water. Ex Commotion) Pony, M, J.K. and Co., In diamond, 21-10-20 bales 8 4 twist and double warp grey sheetings, Toms-Cash, THIB DAY. TBS.'md<ïJ[Enid,d('«îro t0 <»J1 tho attentioi AivíI SUGAPS ^8ALJ!' " thoroomCof MAU «ii? 52 o vi?« c°nÇon T<«» &c;,for THIS DAY, Vat 'ay.Bep^ mbcr 4, »^ eleven o'clock proclsely. ' FRASER and COHEN. THIS DAY. On Account of Whom It May Concern. PB ABER and COHEN will SELL by ABC TION, at the Mart, on Tuosday, Soptembcr 4, at eleven o'clock, 1 On account of wbom it may concorn More or leBs damaged, Sec. ICO-12 pieces 8 4 g.oy calico l8 do do 4 dodo 4 do do. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. Ohcts Fino Congou Tea. Half chests Do. To Morchants, Grcjorc, Storekeepers, and Others. TjlRASER and COHEN have received instruo X1 tiona from the importers to SELL by AUO ÏÏON, at their rooms, Oolllns-stroot, on Tnesdav £ optcmbor 4, at oleven o'clock, " Chests fine congou tea Half chests do. Particulars in future advertisement. Terms at Sole. , THIS DAY. '? To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. 16 Tubs V.D.L. Button ERASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, Collins street, on iuesday. Beptembar 4, at oleven o'clock. 15 tubs V.DL. butter. Just landed, Ex Royal Shepherd. . A gufanteed parcel. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5. Important Sale of First-Glass Sommer Boots and Shoes. FRASER and COHEN havo received instrue tions from the importers, Messrs Hyam and Co to SELL by AUCTION, on Wednesday, September 6, at eleven o'clock, 185 trucks first-class Bummor boots and 6hoes manufrîtured expressly for the Importors by Frede- rick Bostock, of Northampton, and Edwin Bostock, ot Stafford, consisting of Women's cashmore laco hoots, patent vamps Do do elastic side Do coloured, all cashmere, olastio side boots Do do, M H. Do coloured cashmore olrstlc-sldo boots, coloured and patent toes Do do, patent vamps M. H. Do cloth enamelled goloshed, lace and clastlo side do Do kangaroo front laco boots Do ordovon front and sido laco do - Girl's coloured cashmore elastic sido, patent vamps, 10 to l8 ard 0 to 0 Do cloth, elastic-side onamelled goloshed boots, 6 to 0 Do do, button do do, 6 to 9, and 10 to l8 Do kid do, do do, 0 to 9, and 10 to IS Do cordovan front laco do, 0 to 0 Dodo, 10 to l8 Do patent dress M ollingtons Do do half-w ollingtons Do morocco leg momel front do Do do hall do do Do B. M. calf wellingtons, copper sprigged Do do half-welllngtons _ Do wellingtons, Bprigged < Do half-welllngtons, do Do calf wellingtons Do half- welllngtons Do military wellingtons, stooled, bradded, and tipped noola " Do half-welllngtons, do do Do wellingtons, bradded, and tipped heels Do do, do, clinkered Do extra long do, do - Do enrmelled wollingtonB, sprigged * Do do half do, do Do merool top, calf and enamellcdjelastlu side boots, (prigged Do patent goloshed, kid top, elastic-sido boots Do military calf bluchers Do calf napoleons, sprigged Calf jockey boots Youths' hobnailed lace-ups Do and boys' bluchers. _Terms, Liberal, Declared at Sale. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. On Account of Wliom it May Concern. More or Less Damaged, TT1RASER and COHEN will SELL by AUr P TION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, goptcml .r o, at eleven o'clock. On account of whom it may concern, Moto or less damaged, Sec. 1,115.-1 caso 42 pahs Angola pants 42 do do 42 do do. Terms-Cash. _ i FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. 60 OratcB Aisoiicd Earthonware. ' FRASER and COHEN will SEEL by AUC- TION, at the Mart, on Friday, SoptombcrT, at tieven o'clock, 60 crates assoi."d ep-thenwarc Cups and saucers Bowls Dishes Platel Toilet ware ; Jugs, &c.; Torms at Sale._' FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. ' In the Vico Admiulty Court. Sale ol Goods, Ex Black Eaglo, from Glasgow. For Account of Whom It Ma> Concern. T71 RASER and COHEN have reooived inRtrne P Mons from Messrs. H. W. Fatiar and G"..igo Siartin, acting under a decree of tho Vic Admiralty Court of Victoria, to bELL by AUCTION, at tho Ma't, Co)''ns street weit, on Friday, Soptomber 7, at eleven o'clock, 'J ho undermentioned goods, with all faults, bilmr poH of tho cargo of the Bia ?* Eagle, of \\\ bien, fur- ther particulars will be published before the i ale. say about 2,000 cases whiskey 26 hhds. do . 60 qr-casks do j 40 hhds. Mai toll's brandy. W. 615 bags oats. B H'Mullon. 403 bags oats. A In diamond. 878 bags oats. No mark. 1,105 bags oats. . A qunntity of coal. i And N B.-The oits may bo Boen at tho stores or Messrs. J. H. Clough and Co , Collins-'-treet west, and the coal and coko at O. L. Tbrockmorton's, Colo's Wharf, the day before the sa'e_ TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER llk To Capitalists, Speculators, _ Persons Wont'tia Safe Investment for the'r Moneys, ana the Public Gonorally. Spencer-street, Close to tho Terminus of tho Great Trunk Rnilwa) of Victoi¡a. I A Quartor Acre Allotment,-1 Having 182 feet frontage to Spencer street. " By Orderiof the Australasian KIro and L"ifo Assurance Company, Mortgagees. FRASER and COHEN havo received inslruo tiona to offer for SALE by PUBLIC AUOTIOV. at their rooms, Collins-Btreet west, on Tuesday, Sep- tember 11, at twelve o'clt :k, Without the sllgbtct ro.ervo. Four Tirst class Ileuses, having verandahs and balconies to each, Bltnato in Epencer-strcot, within a few warris of tho mili- tary Barracks, and lately ocouplcd IT) tho officers of the 40th refjmont, undor a leaso to tho colonial Govcimuont for threo years, at £000 each por annum. - Tbeso four houses were built nt a cost of £11,114, in the palmy da> s of Victoria. In submitting tilla very superior propel ty to public cc mpetitlon tho auctioneers would direct special atten- tion to its voiy eligible situation, being in the ¡inme- diato vicinity of the Geolong, Ballarat, and Murray i River Railway Station, and thatnowwhen the absence I of a first-class hotel in that neighbourhood la begin- ning to be felt, tho propoity about to bo oflercd afford* every facility, being readily and Inexpensively con- vertible to that purposo, or into a lirst class Boardlnghouse,f The four houses hav Ing no loss than Twenty four Rooms. It does not requlro sny extraordinary ofTbit to per- ceive that, notwithstanding the picsont doproiaod state of things In Victoria, the time is not distant when property will assumo som o thing like Its pilitlno value, und that thoso porionB who aio now so for- tunato as to In-v est in First class City Property - luch as is now offered will reap a rich reward. . A..ongomentB may bo mado with the mon gagies to ccnt'nue the present mortgage) for £2 000 on tho pre- ll itoB, tor such period as may bo agreed upoi.. Title guaranteed. <. Grant from tho Crown ~ _In the possession of the mortgagee._ THIS DAY. Champion, Tramp, Two-)ear-old Entire, by Champion, And Two Brood Mares. T) OW, KIRK, and Co. havo received instrue II, tions from the executors of tho late Georgo Eîïner, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr ) ardi, Boirke street, on Tuosday, September 4, Tho noted draught stallion Mllner's Champion a ho coaching entlro Tramp A two )cnr old ontiro colt, by Champion. And Two brood m« res. Champion is by Mr. 8utton'» Emperor, Imported, out of a more of Mr. Cato's, Imported Ho is a turo foal littler. His st ck aro or tho first class, are eagerly tetitht after, and for tho last four years real'zcd thu 1 '«¡host averages at the annual »aloa. .J rrmp, an Imported carriage cnllro, soven years old, 30 hands 1 Inch, a Bure foal-setter, by Frccin-iii, own brother to Forecloiure, out of Trauco, a picked Cleve- land mare, by old Barnaby. , . aramp is comUcrcd to be tho best carrlago entlro In. Ho colony, and whenever exhibited has oblvlncd til j first prize._ ~-' THIS DAY. Salo of Draught Entire, by Mllner's Champion. BOW. KIRK, and Co. will SELL by AUC- TION, at their yards, Bourke-strcet, on Tues or-r. September 4, after the show of horses, lho draught entire George tho Fourth, by Mllner's Champion out of a mare Imported from a«aaïïaat a cost of £200. He Is a dark-brown torfe fix years old, and stands fully 16 hands 81n. hlih is very muscular, active, and compact ; and cifiifg the two seasons be ha» been covering has lioMabnxseiraBure foal-getter. THIS DAY CO TVgs Coaiso liverpool Salt. _To Grocers, Storekeepers, »nd Others. "fET HASEY and Co. will SELL by 'AUCTION, f f _ at their rooms, 88 Colllns- steest west, on Tuesday, September 4, at eleven o'clock-, ' CO bajs coarse Liverpool salt. No reserve. _Terms-Cash. THIS DAY; ~ 100 Barrels Oatmeal. ^^^ To Grocors. Storekeepers, and Others. TIT EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION _?¥, . at their room», 88 Collins- Btroet west, on Tuce day. Soptember 4, at oloven o'clock, 1C0 herréis oatmcc 1. _Terms at Bale. THIS DAY. " To Clot o Accounts. 25 Tons Fino Patna R<co. 80 Hhds. W. I. Rum. CO Hhds. Bass's Ale. Io Grocers, Wine Merchauts, Speculators, Store- keepers, and Others. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION. m at their rooms, 88 Oolllns-Btreot west, on Tuesday, Septembor 4, at olevon o'clock, 25 tons fino Patna rice 80 hilt's. W. I. rum 60 do Bow's ale. Tho above goc M aro all in Ano condition, and i op antced, pud w ill be sold. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. " 26 Tors Java Sugar. To Groceis, Browers, and Othors. "\JTT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION Tf . at their rooms, 83 Coliins- strcot west, on Tuesday, September 4, at olevon o'clock, 25 tons Java sufcar. Terms at Bale. THIS DAY. ' -~ ISO Cases Colman's Starch. 85 Do Do Blue. Ex Dor Nord. Moro or Loss Damaged. To Grocers, Storokeopers, and Othors. W EASEY and Co. will 8ELL by AUCTION, . atthoir rooms, 38 Collins-street west, on 5 ueseloy, September 4, at eleven o'clock, Ex Dor Nord, P in diamond, 81 cases Colman's starch f 5 do do. P in diamond, Bunder, 85 cases Colman's blue. More or less damaged by soa-wator, and Sold for tho benefit of whom it may concorn. Torms-Cash, THIS DAY: 1,087 B-gs Fmo Mauritius Sugars. Unsold Portion of Cargo ox Jemmy. For Positivo Salo. To Close Accounts. To Merchants, Groeois, Storekeepers, and Others. "IA/ EASBY and Co. have received iwrtrnotions WV . from Messrs. R. and P. Turnbull and Co. to BELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-strcot. on 1 ucsda), Septsmbor 4, at cloven o'clock, Tho untold portion of cargo ex Jemmy, from Mau- ritius, comprising lío. 6-160 bags fsavinia 0-189 do Beau Bois 8- 80 do La Gaioto 0-00 do Deep River 10-107 do do 11-61 do do 12-270 do Union Vale 18-100 do Roches Bromee 10-1S6 do Mapon 20-277 do Pheonix 28-104 do Constance 24-137 do Mopon. Tho abovo sugars comprise fine crystals, first counters, and handsome yellows. As thoy aro to bo sold to close accounts, tho trade will do woll to attend the sale. Telina Liberal. THIS DAY: 10 Tons Rock Salt. To Contractors and Othors. TTP" EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, f f . at thoir looms, S3 Collins- strcot west, on Tuesday, Septombor 4, at cloven o'clock, 10 tons re :k salt. Torma at Sale. THIS DAY 200 Cases Bottled Fruits. To Grocers, Storckoopurs, aud Others. TAT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, wy . at their rooms, S3 Collins-Btroet west, on Tuesday, September 4, at oleven o'olock, 200 c_£cs Whybrow's bottled fruits. Just landed, And in Ano condition, and well assoited. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. 75 Firkins Bult'r. ISCiscs Hams. 10 Do Bacon. 20 Do North Wilts Ohoete. To Grocers, Storokccpors, and Othors. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, _ at their rooms, 83 Colllns-Btreot wost, ou ïaesday, September 4, at oloven o'clock, - 76 firl-'ns Biggcr'B Irish butter 15 casci do hams 10 do do bacon 20 do North Wilts cheese 10 do Sincl tir's hams 10 do Cmpboll's bacon 12 bar« 3ls d'ied lippies. TormB at Sale. THIS DAY. 25 Clifsts Fino Congou Tea. CO llalf-Chcsts Do. Tor Positivo Salo. ' To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION . , _ at th r rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, September 4, at olovon o'olock, 25 chests congou tea £0 half-chests do. a he abovo aro fino flavoured teas. Terms at Sala. w. THIS DAY. 300 Boxes Sheepwash Tobacco. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Othors. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, _ at their rooina, S3 Collins street west, on Tuesday, September 4, at eleven o'clock, 800 boxes sheepwash tobacco. Torms at Salo. " FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. At Twelvo o'clock. Unreserved Sale. South Yarra. ' Dcçirablo Family Residence, i Ckntainlng l8 Rooms, Detached Coachhouso, Three stalled Stable, Ac Eituato in At oca-street, South Yarra, , In tho Occupation of and Belonging to Mr. Tom .Ray. W EASEY and Co. have received instruc a tioas ii oro Mr. Tom Ray (in conscquonco of his proceeding to England) to SELL by AUCTION, al their rooms, Collins street, on Friday, Soptember 14, _11» elvo o'clock, ' That capital and nowiy-built family roeideuco, situate In Avoca-streot, South Yarra, compilsing cn Ground Floor, Spacious ontrauco hall, drawing and dinmg rooms, breakfast-room, store-room, pantry, servants' room, _c. One-Pair Floor, Four good bedrooms, drcssingroom, water-closet, &c.; Basement, Excel'cnt cellarage. Outballdlngs, Three stall stable, coach and gig house, laundry, man-Borvant's room, fowl-houeo, forco-pump, tank, &c.; Tho house Is surrounded on gronnd and one-pair florrs by a spacious and handBomo verandah; tho buildings aro nearly now, lu thorough repair, and llnitbcel and fitted up in a mor,! perfect manner, and no expenso has boen spared in malling this rcsldonco ero of the most perfect about Melbourne. The site is cxtiemely beautiful, and from it aro obtained somo of the finest and extens.ve views of tbo Bay and sur- rounding country. The house is substantially fenced, v>ith entrance-gates. _a, and elliided into flotvor Lerdcn and small paddock for cows. Tho auctioneers beg to call tho attention of parties to this unreserved sale of one of tho most compact and desdoblo family residences near town. The ownor having built the house for his own occupation, Bparod no exponso to mako it ono of tho most complota buildings in Victoria. To parties dcBirouB of obtaining _ first class house, this unreserved and positivo sala offers great inducements. Tcims extremoly liberal-greatest portion of the purchase-money, if required, will be allowed to remain on mortgage at a very low rate of interest. < N.B. On south sido is a small paddock undor cultiva- tion, whioh purchasers can have tho option of buying. Full particulars and cards to view tho house can bo obtained from tbo auctioneers. THIS DAY. Crest Gleaiing-out Sale of Paints, Colouis, Paper hangings, Varnishes, &c;, pi lor to removal lo inoro extensH o premises. J LONG has received instructions from tho _ prop.iotortoSELL by AUOTION, on tho, pre mises, 03 Chancery-lano, on Tuesday, September, 4, at eleven o'clock sharp, .,._,.., " A large and wcll-solootod stock of pa'ots, oils, colours, varnishes, japaiiB, paperhanghigs, decorations, brushwaro, &o.; No reserve. Terms-Under £20, cash; abovo that Bum, ap- proved bills. . ... , * .. As the abovo Is a bona fide salo, end not an attempt to diaw the trade together to seo goods offered at full mai hot value, the auctioneer has great confidence in irccmmendrng this sale to the notlco of the trrdo of Melbourne and its vicinity. Long and Ball, hotel and general agents, 68 Co.llns. sti cot west. _ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6. In the Supremo Court of tho Colony of Victoria Fi. Fo. rc.tv.con Peter Crichton, PlaintifT; and Mlchaol Carrel), Defendant. KOTICE is hereby given, that tbo Sheriff for tho Colony of Victoria will causo to bo SOLD UBLIO AUOHON, at tho Golden Ago Hotel, In Trobe-streot oast, in the city ol Melbourne, at tho Iltur tf one o'clock in tho afternoon, on Friday, Octobers, under tho aboi o writ, AU tho tight, title, and Interest ot tho defendant Ia and to all that pieco or parcel of land containing 1C8 acres, being part of Soction l8, porisli of Yan Yean (Ftrber's Creek runs through tho section), and is situate about one milo and a half from tüo Yan Yean Reservoir, and near the Whittled» Hotel. Together with all houieB, buildings, and ucctions thereon, situate In the county of Bourke, in tho colony of Victoria, unless this execution bs previously satisfied. . Tcrntt-Cish on tbo fall ot tho hammor. Itttd the 1st davolß»pteraber, 1800 ANTHONY BllADY, Sheriff's Officer. PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. Valrable Freehold Propeillcs In Swanston street, Melbourne. /'so, . 'Allotment of I ard at Cut Paw Paw. By Order of tho Executors of tho lato Hr. William Major Barrett. OREIG and MURRAY have received instrno rçjT HouB from the executors of tho lato Mr. William Siaior Barrett to BELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins- street, on pu Of rly diy, duo notice of which will ho given, All that valuable freehold propoi ty situate off No. 82 Svvanston-Btreet, at the rear of Messrs. Hiokin botham's promises, on which Is erected ,a very substantiM store, being pint of Allotment No. 1, Section 22, city of Melbourne Also, Allotment of land at Cut Paw Paw, boing Allotment Title, Crown t, rant. Full pnrtioulers will appear In future advortlso monte, and ovoiy information may bo obtained on application to Messis. Froarno and Gatllck, 10 ColllnB Etreot west. THI8 DAY. _ Auotloncars'Notion. TTTE beg to call the attention of wine and ff spit it merchants, g.-ocers, and tho trade gono xally, to our extensivo SALE of choice SHERRIES, Amontl'lado Champajno, Groceries, Spirits, &a;, to take place at our rooms, THIS DAY, at twolvo o'clock. Samples are now on view. _GREIG and MURRAY. THIS DAYT '- - IOC Bags Patna Rice, each 1 cwt. To Grocers, Storckcoporj, and Others, GREIG and MURRAY aro instruoted by tho importors to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, Scptombor 4, at twolvo o'clock, 100 brjj Patna rico, each 1 cwt. No reserve. _Terms at Sale._ THIS DAY. " ' 26 Cases ByaBs's ¿lo, PIntB. 70 Casks Do., Quarts. To Wine and Spirit Morchants, Btorekoepors, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at thoir rúoinB, on Tuesday, Soptombsr 4, at twelve o'clock, Ex Alhambra, 25 coses Byass'sale, pinto. Ex Calllanco, _ 70 c isks ByasB's ale, quarts. To closo accounts. No reservo. Terms at Salo. THIS DAY, For Account of Whom it Moy Concern. To Wino and Spült Merchants and Others. 80 Cases Champogno Vineyard Brandy, each 1 dozon, Duty Paid. GREIG and MURRAY are instruoted by tho ¡mpoi ters to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, Soptcmbor 4, at tw elvo o'clock, 80 c'.03 Charapngao Vlnoyard brandy, each dozen, duty paid. No rosorvo. _Terms-Cash. THIS DAY^ 45 Casss Sherry, each 1 dozen. 1 Hhd. U. V. B.andy. For Unrcsorvod Solo. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC TION, at thoir rooms, on Tuesday, September 4, at twolvo o'clock, Í 5 cr íes sherry, each 1 dozon 1 hhd. United Vineyards brandy, in bond. No reserve _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. " 100 Cases Champagne Company's Brandy. 225 Do. Kirkliston Whiskoy. 200 Do Swalno Boord'« Old Tom. To Wino and Spirit Merchants, Storokeopors, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY havo received instruc- tions from the importers to SELL by AUC 110N, at their rooms, on Tuosday, September 4, at tw elvo o'clock, 1C0 cases Ch3raprf,r.o Vlnoyard Company's brandy 225 do Kirkliston whiskoy ' 200 do Swalno Boord old tom. _Terms at Salo._ THIS DAY. " 100 Boxes Cutty-Pipos. To TobacconistB, Grocers, and Others. f*\ REIG and MURRAY aro instructed by tho |T importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September 4, at twolvo o'clock, 100 boxes outty pipes. No rosorvo. Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. ! " 62 Parrels CurrantB, splendid now fruit. 60 Firkins Danish Butter, actual weights. To Grocors, Storokeopors, and Othors. GREIG and MURRAY havo received instmo tlocs from tho Importers to SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September 4, at twolvo o'clock, 02 barrels currants, Bplondld now Huit 50 firkins Danish buttor, actuil wolghts. Teims at Sale. THIS DAY. To Closo Accounts, 50 Barrels Dried Apples. 8 Oases Sausages. ' 10 Do Tobacco, Black Damond, to. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, on Tuosday, Beptombor 4, at twclvo o'clock, 60 barrels diicd apples 8 cases Golman sausages 10 do tobsîco, black diamond, &c.; No reservo. Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. 100 Cases Wothcrspoon'a Jams, each 2 dozen. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. f^ REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC \JT TION, at thoir rooms, on Tuesday, Sopteinber 4, at twelvo o'clock, 100 casos Wothorspoon's jams, each 2 dozon. No reservo. Toi ins-Cash. THIS DAY. _,_red Sale of Che ... ...... Dartls, 'mportcd from Jerez do la Frontera, in Bu, and Cato. 6 Butts Fhvt Palo Sherry. 20 Hilda. Do Do. 01 Qr.-Cusks Do Do. 0 Do A m jil tillado. 10 Do XcrcB Shorry. 80 Coses Superlcr Sherry. 01 Do Amontillado Do. Buigur,dy Pi rt. Port Wino. ' Wllblen's Champogno. o the Wine and Sprit Merchants of Melbourne, Geelong, and the Up-country Districts. GREIG and MURRAY aro instructed by tlio importers to SELL'by AUCTION, u ihcir ; ooms, on Tuesday, September 4, at twelve o'clock, The following choleo psrcela ot fino Bherrlcs : 4 hhds. superior palo shtrry 11 qr.-caskB do do 10 do do 1 Hid. very superior golden do 6 qr.-ensks do do 2 hhdB. very superior do do 13 qr.-casks do do 0 do e nontll'ado .. . . 30 ca' es superior sherry 00 do r-nontillado. , By another shlpmo 6 butts finest pale sherry IO hhds. do do - 10 qr -casks do do , Also, TO qr.-casks Burgundy pott " ' 4 hilt's, port wino 2C8 caBCB AVllblcn's champagne, each 1 dozen. For unreserved sale Tern» at sale. The auctioneers carnoitly draw the attontlon of tho t..'do to this iinportantclcarlngsilcofcholcovviucH, in bi'"c and bottle, and which moy bo obtained In bond or duty piid. ' . The instructions in ni tho venders aro to dear off »io entire parcels to the highest hidden». " ' THIS DAY. \ Sherry li Bulk and Bottle, Cloi'tcau's No, C Brandy, Chrmpagno Viuojards mid HiMutsj's Brand); Booth's, Thln's, and Croate end Bloc lew til's Old Tom; Th'u's Whiskoy, Brass's /le, Harper;Burne, and Co.'s Alo, &c; To Wino and Splilt Merchant, Eicrckocpcrs, and Others. GREIG and MURKAY aro instructed by tho itnpc rtcrs to SELL bj AUCTION, at thoir room*, on Tuesday, September 4, at twolvo o'clock, Ino following choleo parcolB of wines and spiilis: 1 160 cases fine sherry 40 do do old port, threo diamond 4 quarter-casks Hunt's do, ono diamond 3 hhds. do do 4 quaiter-casks do do, two diamond 2 hbds, do do, do . 4 quarter-casks palo sherry 6 hhds. du do 48 ciseB Clouzeau's No. 0 brandy 76 do Champogno Vineyards brandy 72 do Honneisy'sbrandy 170 do Booth's old tom 170 do Crosso and Blackwoll's do i 59 do Thln's do 60 do Thln's whiskoy 50 do Byass's alo 60 do Harper Burno'a do Terms at Solo. TIII8 DAY. Split Pea«, Colonial Soap, Tobacco, Ground CoiToo, Llmejulco, York Hams, ka. ~ Grocou, Storekeepers, Provision Mordíante, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received in stiuctlons to 8ELL byAUOTION, at their loom«, \- Tuesday, September 4, at twolvo o'clock, 8 tons colonial Eoap, primo parcel 20 brrrols split peas, each lent. 02 packages ground coffee, each 251b. tlDB. 10 F lids, best limejuice 10 caces tobacco icatcs York hams. «to. To closo accounts. Terms at Salo. " "~ THIS DAY. An Invoice of Feast's Oilmen's Stores, Just Landed. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. g^ REIG and MURRAY aro instructed by tho ? T mporttrs to SELLby AUCTION, at thoir rooms, cnTucselay, September 4, at twelve o'clock, An invoice ol Foast'a oi'men's stores, Jvit landor', Full particulars prior to sale. No reservo. Terms at Salo. TAIS DAY. 10 Hht<«. Maïtell's Brandy. A Guaranteed Parcel. «? m ? " y.ithont Reserve, W> Wine and Spirit Merchante, Storekeepers, and Others. tf^REIG and MUEBAY have received rn___o \T tlons to SELL by AUCTION, at their raomTon -ocsdsy, September 4, at twelvo o'clock. ^^ IO hht's Martoll's brandy. A cuorantood parceL Without RfLerve. Terms at Sale. s THIS DAY. ? ~ 20 Bags Green Peas. 2 TonB American Beans. G^IS and MURRAY will SELL byAUO TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, Soptember «, at twelve O'ClOCk, «M»*«»«mar SO br_s green peas 2 tons Amoscan beans. ___Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. " 20 Casks New Zealand Butter. l8 Do Wollongong Do. ' To Grocer«, Provision Morchants, and Others. C1REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC W TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September*. at twelvo o'clock, ^ 20 cf>ks Now Zoolnnd buttor, primo parcel l8 do Wollongong do. * Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. " 6 Tons Rice Flour. ' * A Fino Sample * < To Grocors, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September a, at twelvo o'clock, - : C tons rico flour. - _Tormc-Cash. THIS DAY. ' 160 Barrels Herrings; So Provision Morchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Othors. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, Scptembor 4, at twolvo o'clook, 160 barróla horrings. _ Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. 27 nhds. W. I. Rum. - 24 Do. Whlskoy. 600 Cases Palo Brandy. 8 Quarter-casks Brandy. 320 Cases Claiot. To Closo Accounts. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Othors. GREIG and MURRAY have received instruc- tions to SELCi by AUOTION, at their rooms, in Tuesday, September 4, at twolvo o'clock, _ho following Roods, to closo sundry accounts: 27 hhds. W. I. rum . , ' 24 do whiskoy -* 500 oescB polo brandy ' 1\ 8 qui- ¡or-^tsks b.jndy I ' 8£0 cases claret. - ' ' " > ' TorniB at Salo. ' . THIS DAY. 25 Coses Pollak'u Saloon Matches?. 6 Do. Wax Vestas. To Grccers, Tobacconists, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September Í, at twolvo o'clock, 26 coses Pollok's saloon matches 6 do wax vestas. _Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. 20 Cases Compton's Bacon, Middles. 20 Do. Do. Pilme Derby Chee»o. To Cheesemongers, Orocors, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY havo received instruc- tions to SELL by AUOTION, at their rooms, on lucsday, September 4, at twolvo o'clook, 20 coses Compton's bacon, middles 20 do do primo Dorby cheese. Without reserve. _Terms- Cash. THIS DAY. On Account of Whom it May Concorn. 84 Reams Laid News, 80 x 60, 78 lbs. Moro or Less Damaged hy Sea-water. Ex Lorenza. To Printers, Papor Merchants, and Others. /1REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AU<" \J[ TION, at thoir rooms, on Tuesday, Soptembor 4, »t twolvo o'clock, - - Ex Loicnza, L in square, M A under, 84 reams laid nowa, 80 x 60,781hs. Moro or less damaged by sea-water. Sold for account of whom it may concern. No reserve. ' Terms-Cash. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5. At Elovou o'clock. Second and Final Clor'ing Sale of Ney and Standard Works. On tho Late Promises of Mr. G. Robertson, Co'llns etrcot cost, opposite tho offlco of this paper. (^ REIG and MURRAY have received instruc X Mons from Sir. Ucorgo Hobortson to SELL by AUOTION, at lils loto prtmlscs, (Collins-street oast, eppoBlto the olDce of tills paper,) on Wednesday, Isopteniber 6, at eleven o'uluck, In consequence of lils removal to his new book store, Elizabeth-street, Several thousand volumes of now and standard works in all departments of literature, consisting of Works of fiction by lhaekcray, Dickens, Lover, Bulwor, Ainswonh, Trollope, _o. roetical «orles of Shakspoaro, Bjron, Popo, Thomson, Couper, Aytoun, Mackay, &c.; Historical Works, by Alison, Cicasy, and others Atlases, by Philip and Keith Johnston Henry's Conmiintarj, 0 largo vols. Hebrew Blblo Collier's Eccloslasttcftl nibtory, o vols. 8vo. Carlylo's Frederick tho Great ai d other works Oliphant'» Mission of Lord Elgin to Ohliia and Japan M'Clintock'a Discoveries and Fate of Franklin Smith O'Brien's Principio of Government, 2 vols. 8vo. Byron's pootical Works, library edition, 0 vols., demy 8vo. Moore's Irish Melodies, with tho musio Illustrated News uf the Woild, Trgcther v. lth a vory fine collection of Modern travels, biogrnpbitB, illustrated works, rolltjIouB publications, medical works Bout ley's Standard Novels, Railway Library, Par- lour Library, ka. Being tho sccontl and lost portion of tho surplus stock of Mr. George Robertson, lo bo cleared oil in conscquonco of bU removal to Elteabeth'Stieot. Tct ins- cash. Without reservo. Catalogues to bo bad on application. Observe-Wednesday, olevon o'clock, on the prc n isca, Cellins-etreet east»_ WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. - At Half-post Ton o'clock sharp. On tho Australian Wharf. Ex Adolaida and Hugh Roberts. SOO Tons Primo Potatoes. Í""1 REIG and MURRAY havo received instruc 1 tlons to SELL by AUCTION, on tho Australian wharf, on Wednesday, Scptembor 5, al half-past ten o'clock sharp, Ex Adolaido and Hugh Roberts, SOO tons primo potatoes. Note,-The above aro a vory fine lot of pótateos, and especially worthy tho attention of tho trade. Terms at sale. Observo-On the Australian Wharf, at half-past ten o'cleck. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 0. ' Salo of Very Superior Household Furniture, Beautifully tor.od Planotorto. Carriage, Horse, &o.; On tho Premises, 5 Barkly teiroco, East Molbourno, To tho Residents of Last Melbourne, Persons Furnishing, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY ore instructed by R. Waugh Macarthur, E»q., who is leaving for England, to SELL by AUOTION, at lils rosldonco, 5 Biukly-torruce, East Melbourno, on lhurielay, Septem- ber 0, nt twolvo o'clock, Tho wholo of tho valuablo household furniture, ¿te,, consisting o!-¡ Dra» Ingroom furniture, in walnutwood and satin damask Chiffonnioro, In walnut, marbia top, and plate glass back A brilliant-toned pianoforte, by Collard and Collard, lu elogaut rosewood caso, and has boen but little used Loo tablo Occasional do Canterbury and whatnots Ottomans and couchos Carpets, curtains, &o.; , Dlnln groom. Massive mahogany sidoboard Mahogany toloecopo dining-tables Do loo tablo Do ehalrs Curtains, ¿co. Bedrooms. Four poat bede tend French and stump bedsteads Mattresses WashstandB and services Towel rails Toilet-tables . Toilet-glasses Carpets, curtains, ¿to. Pantry and Kitchen, Dessert atuljdluncr Bcrvicoa Breakfast and toa do GlasB and china ware Safes, moat-covora Kitchon utonBils. Stable Chcsnut maro, quiet to ride and driro, and in excellent cordltlou English-built phaoton, with shifting head and glass shutters, polo and bar, plated hnrnoss, spare collar. . Superior Irish Jaunting car, with driving soat. Ca'alogttcs, in courso of preparation, may bo hod of (ho auctioneers. Torms-Cash._ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. Sale of Household Furniture. 224 Napier-street, Collingwood. S. BOTTOMLEY has received instructions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION on the premises, on Thursday, September 6, at twelve The whole of his valuable household furniture, comprising- Dining, parlour, bed room, and kitchen furniture -namely. sofas, chairs, tables,bedsteads, bed- ding, glassware, boilers, &c.; Terms- cash. The premises are opposite the Fortune of War Hotel. THIS DAY. 62 T ik rod Ironwood Log. . 4 Teak Hanks. " i . , 7Í DoBop-ds. * ao8mptaUd^,Äg^eÄufttclu^ C1 S. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION /? at ? te Now Dock, on Tuesday, September 4 at eleven o'clock, ." t",i*"JU"-cr »» , , . Fx V'str-'a, nom tho Fiji Islands, 62 * ak and *. onwood logs, rssoi t 1 lenirths 4 dopiprkB, do " .. 76 do boords, do 4 pino spars, for masts. Tbe abovo has beon cat to ordor, and is landlnir In first-rate condition. B Torras at Sale. THIS DAY! " " Î50 0 x 8 Red Doab. 250 12 X 8 Do. 170 8 x 4 Do. 200 0 x 4 Do. 3008x3 Do. 600 7 X2J Bed Battens. To tho Timber Trodo.Contiaotoi.'.Buildors, and Othei.c CB. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, « at the Australian Wha,;, on Tuesday, Son. tcmber 4, at eloven o'clock, 850 0 x 8 red deals, l-l,., lougths 260 12 x 8 do, If t. to 20ft. do 170 8 x 4 do, 18n. and 10ft do 100 0 x 4 do, 17ft. to 22ft do 800 8 x 8 do, ISft to 28ft do 600 7 x 21 rod battens, 0ft. to 22ft. do... * ino above aro all 'anded In flut-rato condition, and ready for' rm-d'V.o dolivcry. Terms Llbora'. THIS DAY. " " ' -.0 D,x3 Pi l oh Pine Deals. 1 ^.0?7ít,¿inV 1l¿nd '» T> ond G- S«otch Flooring. To tho Timber Trade, Cont.actoij, Buildo.j, and Othors. CB. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION . on the Austrr'lsn Wbrrf, on Tuesday. Son' ttmbor 4, at olevon o'olock, ExDar'olSbi»p, '..09x8 pitch pino dealr, 12ft. to 80ft. lengths 6,C6Sft. lin. and 1¿W. T. and G. spruco Scotoh flooring 0,C50rt. li n. do do. /.solted lengths. Torms Libôi al. """ THIS DAY. ~ ' Brighton. Houcohold Fiirnituroand Effeots. Tho Property of a Gontlenmu Loavlng for tho Interior, ForUnreaorvrd Salo. ALFRED BLISS has received positive in- structions to SELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, on tho premises, Leeds Cottngo, Now- road, ßr iahten, noar the Devonsblro Hotol, on Tuesday, 8cptombor 4, at one o'clock. The whole of the valuable »r .1 useful household fur ji'turo and effects, consisting ni Drawlngroom and ci'-ilngioora suites Elootro-plated woro Engravings, paintings Ornaments Brussels carpets Hearthrugs, curtains, ka. Bedroom fumituro Kitchen utensils, &o; The goods can bo \ lowed on Monday, the day prior to tlio sale. This salo affords a favourable opportunity for por sons in tho neighbourhood furnishing. Torms-cash. N.B.-Salo on the premises, near the Dovonshlro Hotol, Brighton, on Tueselsj-, Septembor 4, at ono o'olock._ MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. Mordialloc. To Markotgordcnon?, Fiumors, and Othors. Valuablo 40-Acro Fa..ti and Improvement?. For Positive and Un re. oí ved Salo. By Ordor of the Moi-gagcci. A LFRED BLISS has beon instructed to A. SELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, at bis ófricos, IB Lollins-Btreot west, on Monday, Soptombcr 10, at ono o'clock, A choice 40 acre farm, being portion of Allotmont No, 1, Seo. No. 11, Mordialloc Together with The Improvements thereon, consisting of a dwolllng. houso, out-buildings, and reservoir of puro water. Tho land is partially di-.i'nod, and about SO acres fenced. Ten acres are cleared and grubbed, aud four acrcB havo beon under cultivation A reservo of 040 ceres fronts this proporty, oflording excellent pasturara fer cattle This farm Is situate about 11 milos from Melbourne, and 6 miles from tho Brighton Ballway Terminus. Terms-One-third cash dopoi.lt; tho romalndor (on ccmplctlon of tho title) »Itbln ono month. N.B.-Sale takes place at tho offices, 10 Colllus-strcet vost, on Monday, Soptombcr 10, at ono o'clock. THIS DAY. Leather Portmanteaus. JOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, SO Collins-street, ad jo'nir7 the Criterion Hotol, on iJosi'iy, Septembor 4, at oleven o'clock, 06 sets, throe to a sot, of leather portmentoaus or travelling trunks. In lota to suit the trade. Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. Dogcarts and Harness, And Fancy Goods. JOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, 80 Colllns-stroot, ad- joining the Criterion Hotol, on Tuesday, Soptombcrá, at oleven o'clock, A quantity of furniture, consisting of- - ' bofr1, couches, tabl i, chilli, a complete sot of framed ensrav'ngi, pll oubjects from Shakes peaio;t'-- ving and toilet glasses 2 dograits and heness And, A quantity of fancy and usrful articles. Terms-Cash. ' WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5. 70 TrurVs of Seasonable Boats and Shoes. Ex Roxburgh Castle. JOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at their room?, SO Collins-strcot, ad- joining tho Criterion note!, on Wcduetdaj', Septembor 6, at cloven o'clock, 70 trunks of boots and shoes, comp 'is'-"; - Indies' black cashmero,'bouts, rr'litary heels, E S, Gentlemen's patent leather bevll-cdga sprin; ido boots Do summer wellingtons Do do short wollliiKtons Men's bluchers and cooack«, various Ma'ds' and children's boots and shoes Lod!ca'pat,i tlfnthorflippois, S to 8 Do do Berlin tllppors, 8 lo 8 Do do calf tlioci, s to 8, U.B., &c.; ? Tens lit Bii'o._ WKDÏ.KSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. Damaged Pictures, In Gilt Frome». Ex Joseph Halo, from London. On Account of Whom it May Concern. JOBKPH SIMMONS und SON will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Colline streot, adjoin- ing iho Criterion Hotel, on WoJnccday, Soplcmbir 5, at eleven o'clock, For Iho benefit of tho undeiwriters, UM, 2 cases containing Loudon views, coloured prints, iu tilt firmes. Terms-Cash._ WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5. Damaged Washed Meerschaum Clay PipeB, To Tobacconli-ti and Othors. ? I For tho Benefit of Whom it May Concern. J x Joseph Hale, ti um Loudon. JOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at their Tennis, Collius-Btrcet, ad Juli Irg ti o Crito'ionHotol, on Wednesday, September 6, at eleven o'clock, On account of Iho undcrni.tcr-., EM, 1 c«o contuinine-6 gross mceuchaum-wasbcl clay pipes, with Icatt-cr esses. . ' Ttrrrs-Cash. _ " WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5 Damaged Boots and Shoes. For tho Benefit of tho Underwriters. Ex Joseph nair-, from London. TOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SELL by ?1 AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Co'lius- Btrcct, adjoin- ing the Critc.ion Hotol, onWcdnotdoy,-ScpUmber5, ut eleven o'clock, » 11 t. anks boots and shoes, I Moro or less damaged by sea-water. B M in dhmond, I"o. 4f£-1 trunk, 8dozcn,I>oo.3 to8, wcmcn'sT". .. sols slippers i _,, J 486-1 do, do ' i -101-1 do, containing 40 pairs, memtl boots, 0. tides 402-1 do, containing 60 palrp, men's primo kip bluchers 408-1 do, do men's do do 1 ipi-i do, do mon'B military bluchers 405-1 do, do ,".,.: 470-1 do, Ode-zen women s cordovanloatnor boots, doublo soles, T.P.H. 477-1 do, do 470-1 do, 8 dozon women's patont loathor Fhoes CH-X do, do women's black ond coloured slip- pers. In all 11 trunks. Terms-Cash._ * THIS DAY. GEO. THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUC- TION, on the Australian Whai/, on Tuesday, k cut ember 4, at elev on o'clock, 1 Ex Venus, On account of whom It may concorn, 27 de /Is, 11 X 3. Slightly damaged. No reicrvo. Terms-Cash._ ' inis DAY. ~ GEO. THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUC, TION, on the Australian Wharf, on Tucsday htmember 4, at cloven o'clock, Ohe entlro cargo of hardwood ex Mary Grant, >'1'fÜoOft. 8 x2, 7ft. to 3" ft. 1 OOOrt 4 x 2 and 5 x 2, 7.1. to J>yft. fl SCO.... 0x2 and 6x3, 7.t. to 57ft. 8 820... 4x3, 7tt to SSfr-. Ci 0ft. O x8, 7ft toBOfU 4,8C0,t 0x4and0x0 2 SOOIt. 7 x 8, 8 x 8, imd 0 x 8 i SJOO ¿x6 4x4,'7xl!, 8x2 10x8, 7x7. 12 x 8, 7 x 4, 0 x 4, 8 x 0, 8 X 7, li X 7, 8 x 8. No rosorvo. Terms at Balo._ .-~ THIS DAY. ~ GEORGE THOMAS and Co. will SELL bj AUCTION, on the Queen's Wharf, cn Tutsily. . .i limber 4. at twelve o'clock, ' «.Vt"BD" »» "¿x Utjlcn nna ».'» »bell-; ÍCObaia rocho lime j ^"^^"^Te^s-Cea.. _ ... FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER.7 ?"», Ttsltlvely for Bale to the Highest BU_. <. ByOrderofthotMortgigee * Suttablo for a Respectable Family MR. STUBBS is favoured with haw SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION Ä» Vneen^strect, onFrlday, September7,¿ttwSS.Sgj I A'l that neat cottage residenco now in it. R «on of Elrmlle Stephen, ASI í^» te Glen Himtloy.road.ataÄ'd&iS;'11» ^residence of Mr. Solicitor WidgeryEufcrÄ1« Ithasflvo r.oms,wlth largo ftll 86iSn^f' ct tho former aro l8 x 15, allTjuiltTunen a SlP* Hone foundation and tbo'whol. weSffl,...^ snd ceilings, and substantiaUy wÄSÄ** tide. There is »Ibo the indlspcntublo comffif4 ** constructed brick tank, holding abra? . Mo* V'î* talons of water. 8 ml i,m '« Vt| Also, A rommodlous stono collar, somo ont-hons» *. Ballway accommedation Is wlth'tTa f¿¿",** wa'k of it, ai.d you aro surroi ndod Dvîln"tîl1' circle of respectablo neMibours. y M "^ To.ms liberal, at Balo. _litio Guaranteed. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7 ' To Town Capitalists and Others. Fhst-Clasa Central City Propertv Between '" The Salutation Inn And Mr. Levin's Extensivo Grocery Warehou» Ho. 166 Boarko-strcct. By Ordor of tho Mortmuree. *roXcIyf08' B0Urk° Str0et'Mbatmi '**««S3 I All thosottt 0-storied Btone and brick-builtM»i., business premises, suitablo for DUu'«*il Tho capitalist * who scekB a socure in\ cstment for his non.. Terms and further particulars will apps» i". I future newspaper: anil for title parues aie"¡Z} .r' y referred lo Messrs. Muttlebury mid HaE" pollcitora, Qneen-Btreet. "ull£Mi FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER^! ~~~" Investmente. Weekly Incomes. £240 per Annum. £62 per Annum. £62 per Annum, £80 per Annum. M_ "___ £20 per Annum. ^' liUBPS iB instructed by tho promto«, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, aVffiZ fä&g;&cFrido5;'scpuffibcr 7- «sa The underniontioncd valuablo tieoWyIncomer,». Pf««'M."t0,T1,lch »? »o«" ^peclfuita» attention of town and np countiy capitalists vi. . Lot 1. Qucensborry-strcet, the Lalla Rookh How. produehg £240 per annum ^ Lot 2. Tho houso adjoining Munlolpal Chamberí £62 por annum «"««Men, Lot 8. The houso do. £62 per annum r_E0pJeVannum'bOP(ilr> *"& Sw»DS'»«b«l lot 5. King William-street. £20 per annum Let 0. Storo adjoining tho Lalla Rookh. Teims and fin thor prtticitlara on a future day. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. Brighton. At tho Corner of tho Brighton-parade andWclUngloa. ExicnBlvo Sale of Housohold Furniture and Effect!, Sft MT. STUBBS is favoured with instructions from tho proprietor to SELL by FUBM0AUB. f, on Ealurdaj, Soptembor 8, at twoho o'clock precisely, The wholo of tho vory extensivo suites of dnunV room, dinlngroom, bedroom, and other hems. hold furnituro and property comprised Ia lb Sprigg'« cxcollcnt scholastic establishment a' Brighton ; full particulars el which mil appear lu a future newspaper. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. Preliminary Notice of Sale Of Va'uablo Household Furnituro and Effect!, Tho Proportj of a Ia Jy returning to England, At Boroondara, near Kow. ~ MR. STUBBS is favoured with itistnictioaí from Mrs Crawley to SELL by PTJBL10 AUCTION, on tho promises, Boroondara, near tin résider co of Mr. Justice Wrixon und lint of Mr Sur- veyor Everest, on Tuesday, September 11, to cn. menco at twoho o'clock precisely, Tho wholo of the abovo named ladj'a wen. appointed suites ot drawing rooui, di iii; room, bedroom, and other household tar. turo and effects ; plate, platedware, pluto. forto, china, glass, carriage, hornes:, farcy rabbits, and poultry, milch coirf, So. Catalogues of which will bo distributed in days. AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE To Hot-oholdcrs about to Lca\o the Colony, «ed Othors. TAMES WADE, of Wade and Gowan, hamg ?J completed arrangements for tho sale of turntet, £_, in addition to his present auction buslnesi, li now prerartd to SELL by PUBLIC AUC1I0U, Mp' vate residences, on tho usual terms, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and other effects, which persons may entrust to lim tor disposai. EU psitner, J. D. Gowan, will givo his perms! attention to tho lotting, cataloguing, and ctrrjlig ont of the necessary preliminaries, in sucli s marner as will relievo tho sellers of all trouble and enturo lo them the best Bales. JAMES WADE, of Wade and Gowan, 80 Collins-street, Drapery and Furniture Auctioneer, THIS DAY. French Felt Hats and Shtphords* Plaid, To Tuilois, Halters, Dealers, ord Others, T WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been if «J » sttuctcd to BELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, ii their mait, 80 CollinB street cost, on Tuesdnj, Stn. lember 4, at eloven o'clock, 1 case French felt hats, leather hands, in all co'ours 1 do all wool shcphordB' plaid trouserings, To bo sold without reserve. TeimsatSalo. THIS DAY. To Drapers, Milllnors, Country Storekeepers, iii Othors. ' First Sale of Scasonablo Spring Good!, Importad direct from first houses in London, J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, lins beena \- vouicd with instructions from tho taponen;) tELL by PUBLIC AUOTION, at their out,*) Col'ins-strcet east, on Tuesday, September), cou mencing ot cloven o'clock sharp, £0 catos of foncy goods, just lauded, ex Stratbdci snd Commodore Perry, A F in diamond, tee. 10.-1 caso silk illusion, tnrluton,Saxonycdr!t;>, Egyptian, Amciican, and Newport li,ml 47.-1 do muslin collars, sleeves, lets ted:«,-«, insertion?, mid fl> unclngs XI in dlamor.il, , See. 80 - lease ostrlehfeatheis, plumes, fancj tlpptl; v ulture and drooping artificial fioncn SI.-1 do plain, brown, fancy, moire, cheno, uti» bordered, brccido lined parasols 32,-1 do challl ,rocks, jackets, coats, pclhscj l8 -1 do ladlts'holland jackets Sa -1 core assorted grass cloth tickets. HO, 78,-1 caso chculllo head - dresse», bair nell, crocheta 70.-1 do fancy huttons, trimmings, fringes, gilt and enamel buttons and buckles. JO, SO.-1 caso fancy drosses, flounced and doub'o skirted. CO, 21, 22-2 cases cambrlo handkerchiefs, fancy tons. H C and Co,, I.-1 caso ladles' white oetton heso 2.-1 do goutlomcn's black and fancy tics 8.-1 do bolts, braces, and shirts. LandS, 1-8 -3 cases plain, fancy, and crlnolino h C and Co, 20.-lea 'o,0 8 light good fanoy prints 21,22 -2 cases gentlemen's whlto tongololo ill linen collars and wriits, ko. Tho abovo goodB lmvo Leon purchased oxprc-jioi this market, and are to bo si id Without rei on o. Terms at Solo. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. At Eloven o'clock. S7 Stophen street South. ' Elegant Housohold Furniture aud Piano. N KINSMAN has received instructions to _ t,ELL by AUCTION, on tho premise!, "o whole oi tbo good housohold furniture, w flrtlVBcry~iiupeiior piano, in walnut case ; twociif fonnlercfl, mahogany sofa and ehoirj «or.! hair suites, two loo tablo», cardtabMJl other toblos and chaira; mirror, carpei, platcdwaro, and glassware, ornamenu, p*> turcs, iron bedsteads and bedding,T» stords and ware, dto«slng-tablos, toiMgluWi &c.; ; kitchen utensils, crockery, BtoT», m various othor articles Sale at clevon o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auction» m d valuator, 8 Moor-stroet, Collingwood. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. At Twelve o'clock. Freehold, Richmond. Kont and Buckingham strooti. N KINSMAN has received insfa^o^ons Jç> . SELL by AUOTION, by order of tho bo* 8 All'that piece or porcolof land situate at I»* mend, in the cofony of Victoria, «ndh»*» double frontage of 8uft. to Kent- street ia« UM* Bucklngham-stieot by a dopth of 120«. Together with «.."vnm. All buildioga erected thereon. (Now in me ow tionofllr. Davis) 30 building allotments, Buckingham-sheet, nfir B*XtKtemw, Milne«Minima street, Fitzroy. THIS DAY. To Plumbers, Doalors, and Otho«. THOMAS GIBUS has received if«'T^ to SELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, athbrwm _ Swanston stroet, on TucBday, Beptomicr t, | lwolvo o'clock, An assortment of- . wgla, en * numbers' tools, vyoes, ^x«, gUsi, W£, gravingB, wheelbarrow, chairs, ana other nrtloles. .....__,", Torms-Cash at fa'lof hammer. a_og Gibbs, auctioneer, <8 Swwslemf___. -To-FARMERS, DAIRYMEN, and Othen Weekly Eales. ",."» " fir S. FYFE holds WEEKLY U»J WV. AUOTION of COWS,.mjfatf* ytiity, at Henderson and Co.'s BauWi ." meit. 