NEWS AND NOTES. BY A SYDNEY MAN. THE last papers from Queensland brought but little news, but amongst that little was the certainly gratifying fact that the "dead set" made against Mr. Justice Lutwyche had failed of its intended effect. I know nothing at all of the Judge, and wish to keep clear of such functionaries as long as I live; but it was plain enough that the attempt at reduction of his guaranteed salary was calculated to inflict an insult and an official degradation most injurious to his position. It is, therefore, satisfactory to learn that the attempt has failed. You will see from an article in this morn- ing's Herald, which I enclose, that a pro- posal is on foot for the purpose of forming a pastoral settlement on Stokes' " Plains of Promise," at the head of the Gulf of Car- pentaria. The Herald, you will observe, puts out a feeler, in the shape of a hint that some grants of land ought to be given as a reward to the capitalists who propose to do you the honour of growing richer on the grasses of Queensland. Seriously, however, a project of this kind is really worthy of attention, for inasmuch as it must be a long time before your own industry can, in the common order of events, develope itself so far north, it would be of undoubted advan- tage to the new colony to establish an out- post of pastoral occupants in so favourable a locality for the extension of its commerce. I apprehend, however, that no project of this kind can be entertained until your par- liament re- assembles. Having been unable to send off my usual letter last week, owing to unavoidable cir- cumstances which I have privately explained, the meeting of our parliament on the 25th September may be briefly dismissed. The Governor- General's speech has been much criticised, but it seems, to me to be a very sensible production, because, promising no- thing, or very little, the performance is not likely to fall far short of the pledge. The fact is, as now appears from the development of the ministerial policy, that the Cabinet have resolved upon their course ; and I am happy to be enabled to state that, whatever differences may at one time have existed or threatened, all the members of the Ministry are of one accord as to the leading features of the policy to be adopted. They intend to push forward the Land Bills and the Upper House Bill, and to confine themselves mainly to these besides the Estimates ; leaving private members if they please to occupy the private days with such other measures as the house may desire to see intro- duced, and reserving to themselves the op- tion of supporting or opposing those mea- sures, as the case may seem to require. This may at a distance seem to be a somewhat cowardly policy, but I believe that it is the only correct one. The government are aware that they have but a weak and doubtful ma- jority in the present Assembly, and that they could immensely strengthen themselves by an appeal to the country on their land policy ; so they will press forward that policy with all their power, doing all they can with the present Assembly, but dissolving if the Land Bills are checked or thwarted. If on the other hand, they agreed to introduce any of the thousand and one other measures which some are trying to force upon them, they might be defeated on a false issue, and have to appeal to the electors at a disadvantage. As a proof of what sort of badgering and political humbug is being tried in this re- spect, Mr. Parkes is moving for leave to bring in a bill to abolish death punishments —a measure which in itself would occupy a whole session in discussing, and then not be satisfactorily agreed upon ; Mr. Lucas has carried a motion for a committee of the whole on the subject of introducing a bill to regulate, or rather restrain, Chinese immigration ; and Mr. Black, the disappointed one of Forster's ministry, is aiming at the introduction of his old State Aid Abolition Bill. All this is cal- culated to hamper the ministry, more or less, but they wisely leave such matters to the private members and private days. This affair of State Aid is a far more serious matter with us than it was with you. The vested interests concerned here are very great, and the opposition that can be brought to bear againt the abolitionists is extensive and formidable! If, therefore, the govern- ment attempted to curry a measure of this kind while they have their land policy before parliament, they would be likely to come to the ground most ingloriously between the two stools. During the discussion in the Assembly yesterday, on Lucas' motion for the Anti- Chinese Bill, Mr. Daniel Henry Deniehy, whose estimate of himself seems to be get- ting moree preposterously extravagant than ever, informed "the house and the country," that it would be of no use to attempt to keep out Chinamen by sea, since they would come overland from Queensland, it being well known that you of Moreton Bay had applied for separation " for the purpose of having a semi-savage immigration." I was glad to hear the cries of "no, no," that met this ignorant and presumptions assertion ; but Mr. Deniehy, whose education ought to keep him free from the first imputation, seems never destined to rescue himself from the latter. In all probability a conscious- ness of extreme personal insignificance prompts his emulation of the efforts of the fabled frog. Dr. Lang made about the best speech of the evening on the Chinese immigration question, and strongly commented upon the growing necessity of checking the Mongolian influx. The Ministerial Land Bills have been in- troduced, read a first time, and are set down for the second-reading to-morrow. la ap- pivhopd that it would not be of much in- terest to you to enter into a full digest of their contents, more especially as I shall doubtless have occasion to advert to par- ticular clauses from time to time, during the passage of the bill through parliament. For the present it may be sufficient to say that the Land Sales' Bill provides for free selection, without survey, and with three years for the payment of seventy-five per cent, of tbo piircli:ii>c money, of Innds-not leased or promised tobo leased, before tho 2nd -February, 1853, and not in the vicinity of a town or large population,-or on a gold field ;.tlie total purchase money to bo '£p .an acre; and Ibu conditions, residence and improvement. Crown Linds intended to bo sold without conditions for residenco an'd improvement, are to be put up to auction at the following rates, "according to valuation, viz., X8, X2, £1, and five shillings 'ros puctively; thoro being flic mimimuin rates. 1 shall, as bi fore meiitionnd.'have doubtless loretum to ibis bill from lime to time, as also ko'tho Pastoral Occupation Bill, for lhere is small prospect of. goltiug thron »h thom ; in a burry, or over, I fenr,' with the present Assembly. While on the land question, and with reference to the aspect of the case in Vic toria, 'dear's Circular says that " the Min- isterin! propositions forsettling the squatting question next year, when tbo present leases expiro, are-1. It is proposed that the right of the present Occupiers of Crown lands shall, at an oarly period cease and determine. 2\. That the presont runs shall be cut up into very much smaller divisions. 3. The right of occupation shall be sold by auction to the highest bidder. 4. Tho new tenants will roceivo leases for ton years." This morning wo had a little bit of i startling excitement, wbich baa- comí'- murd, with more or less effect,. tbrongjh' jut the day. At an early hour the premise1 j in the j rear of the Prince of Wales Thea' tre were j found to be on fire. The back of Holmes' ' bakers shop, and the whole back ?> .vail of the I play bouse, as also portions of_ the rear of j the premises in King-street adjoi .ning, were ' ignited, and of course there was an immense ' outcry, and wi.th good cause. Up to past twelve o'clock last night Ù ,e Prince of Wales theatre had been corop! etely crowded, tho performance being for the benefit of Miss Avoma Jones, a really t ilented actress who has lately been playing here, and who last night achieved another success in the character of Catherine, it i Taming the Shrew. Four or five engine is, and- a great crowd of people, wero soon o n tho spot, and after some time the flames were to a certain extent got under; but tho back of the theatre is still burning, and the engines were playing on it up to a late hour this afternoon. The extent of damage is not yet known, but it must be considerable. We Imd a public meeting in the Temper- ance Hall on Monday night, to sympathise with and offer relief to the, suffering Tara- naki settlers and their families. They need it much, to all appearance; and though the Imperial Government ought eventually to make good their losses, of course common humanity and the ties of country, call now for immediate help, which I havo no doubt will be afforded. The meeting was ad- dressed by a Dr. Neild, late of Taranaki ; by the Bishop of Syduey, Mr. Cuthbertson, and several other clergymen ; and also by the Governor-General, who took the chair on the occasion. His Excellency has been quite in demand lately. Yesterday he presided over the meeting of the Agricultural and Horti- cultural Society, laid the foundation stone of a new Bible DTfill, on the site of the lata Archdeacon Cowper's old house, attended at Madame Jaffa's concert at the Australian Library, and was at last announced to pa- tronise Miss Jones' buncfit at the Prince of Wales ; though whether or not he was suffi- ciently ubiquitous to have attended there also in the more early part of the evening, I am unable to say. Next mail I shall be most likely able t-i state with some degree of certainty whether the Government here contemplate tho intro- duction, during the present session, of any measure for the ücttlement ot the public debt between New South Wales and Queens- land. There has been no hint of the matter as yet, but I shall know next week. The subject of prevailing interest during The week, has been the court-martial on Corporal Lavelle, and the connection of Messrs. Ilanson and Bennett, and the Empire newspaper with that affair. You are al- ready aware that Lavelle made charges against Sergeant Quodling and Senior Cor- poral Francis, sappers engnged in the Groso Valley survcjr, the latter of whom ho accused of embezzling nearly £200 of colonial funds, and the former of winking a't tho fruid. Captain Martindale had L welle tried and sentenced to imprisonment, by court-martial, for bringing false charges ; but the colonel commanding remitted the whole of the sen- tence. Lavelle was then arrested on the military charge of sending his oomplaint*to tho Empire, and was tried by court-martial on that chargo during Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday last week. Hanson and Bennett were summoned to produce the. originals of the 'Corporal's letters, but posi- tively refused to do HO, in spite of all at- tempts at intimidation. The President of the Court even had the audacions foil j' to order them within three hours to furnish a list of all persons in their employ. Of course, they did nothing of the kind, and the Court were afraid to onforce the ridiculous order. Finding Hanson and Bennett finn, the court adjourned, and it is supposed that its members are endeavoring to persuade the Attorney-General or the Supremc'Court to have a writ of attachment issued against Hanson and Bpnnett. Let thom do what they will, I have good roason to bolieve that they will not succeed. The subject has ex- cited much interest. The military authority of Captain Martindale and his friends ap- pears to the public to have been used for the purpose of stifling a criminal chai gc which ought to have been tried'by tho civil courts, and Ilanson and Bennett and the Empire aro applauded lo the echo for the course they have taken. Such a sample of mili- tary law 1 There was not one officer in the court whose brains seem to be worth a brass button, save one only, and he has risen from tho ranks- Captain Williams, a young man in tho prime of life, who has, I believe, been two or three times mentioned in general orders for distinguished service in the fiold, and whose breast is literally covered with medals, gained in tho Crimea, in India, and, I believe in China. The rest are muffs, with no small touch of" snappers and black snake," and the rest made up of buckram, gold lace, and assumption. But the whole affair will be fully discussed in the Assem- bly on Friday, as Lucas tho Pottly intends then to niove fur a select committee there- on. The Melbourne Age of the 27th ultimo, says :-" A meeting of tho friends of Mr. W. Fairfax, presided over by Henry Lang lamb, Esq., was hold yesterday afternoon in tho offices of Messrs. White and Dickson, for the purpose of initiating a subscription for a testimonial to that gentleman, who is about to loavo tho colony for Queensland, with the view of becoming a part proprietor in the Brisbane Guardian." Another" Melbourne paper states that'a letter had been recoived from Mr. Burke, tho .leader of. tho exploring pnrty, dated from the 'Murrumbidgee River, September 19. In it Mr. Burke states that the men who, it waslrtimoured on Monday, had returned to Melbourne, had behaved themselves woll, but bad been discharged in consequence of tho party being too numerous. The party 'is now on the road to Balranald and the Darling. At Mr. Morris' station every kind- ness had been shown to them. Mr. Burke "hoped to reach Ibu Darling in ten days from tho date of his letter, and will then proceed to Meninda, seventy miles distant, where ho will make bia first depot. It is worthy of . remark that tho great swamp, three-quarters of a' mile wide, on this side of the Murrum- bidgee, was crossed by Mr., Burke in ono day,' although a much'longer period would, it was supposed,"be required. Two out of tho'six-waggons wore.bogged, but, in tbo course of ,the day, wero safely removed. Writing from Maitland to' the Empire, a correspondent says :-" Tho district has just suffered a severe loss by, the. removal of tho Rev'. Edward Grifiith to Brisbane. He lias, .during his residence amongst us.becn iden- tified with all publio institutions, and en doarod himself to all clnsjos and denomina- tions. On Wednesday evening, a concert of sacred, music was given at the School of Arts, and tho proceeds wero handed to the reverend gentleman, as a tribute of respect, nal an acknowledgment of his euiiiient ser- vices to that institution, of which ho was for some time the president. Ho has, I un- derstand, liberally given the amount towards liquidating the debt on the Congregational Church. The Hunter River Auxiliary to the Biblo Society, of which he was tho in- valuable secretnry, have presented him with four volumes of Scott and Henry's commen- taries on the Holy Biblo, handsomely bound, with an appropriate address. His successor is the Rev. R. T. Hills, from Melbourne." Prince Alfred has arrived at tho Capet. ú The Argus gives the following from Cape papers to August 11th : Prince Alfred arrived in Simon's Bay, in Her Majesty's steamer Euryalus, on Tuesday after- noon, July 24. His Hoynl Highness landed from Her Ma- jesty's ship Euiyalus on Tuesday evening, and spent the niglit at the Admiralty House, where ('apt'in Tumour, of Her Majesty's ship Forte, (the senior naval officer on the station,) in the ahsence of the Commander-in-Cbief, had the honour of entertaining the prince. The expres- sions of loyalty at Simon's Town were, as might have been expected, of the most spon- taneous and heai ty description. There was a general illumination of the town, tar-barrels weie burned on the heights, und the jolly tars drank deep to the health of their Sailor Prince. In the morning his Royal Highness repaired on board the Kuryalus, and on his return to tho shoro at 10 o'clock, an address was presented lo bim by the principal inhabitants. At 11 o'clock his lioyal Highness started for Cape Town in an open carnage, and four horses, accompanied by Major Cowell, R.E., and one of his fellow-midshipmen. Our Houth African contemporary then, and on several subsequent days, proceeds to give lengthy details of the festivities and illumina- tions got up in honour of the visit of the lioyal midshipman, his visits to the country, &c.; : The Prince's intended visit to Graham's Town and Natal, was anxiously looked for by tho settlers in those localities. The Euryalus arrived at Algoa Bay on August 5. During his stay at Capo Town, Prince Alfred induced the Governor to grant bim the favour of allowing him to intercede in behalf of a dozen convicts, whose good conduct had been specially noted by Mr. Piers, tbu superinten- dent general. They were all afterwards released. The Honorable Mr. Stein, Chairman of the Sailors' Home Committee, has received from on board the lCuryaius in Simon's Bay, an autograph letter from Prince Alfred, enclosing his contribution of £5 towards the funds of that institution, and expressing his best wishes for its prosperity. The Princo's loiter has been framed and temporarily deposited in the Public Library. A Ballarat paper reports that a few morn- ings ago an occurrence took place at the Dead Horse Gnlly, which, in all probability, if made known, will have a salutary effect in checking the thieving propensity which exists principally among the Chinese for robbing hen-roosts. At the place alluded to resides a man named Darcey and his son, who were aroused from their slumbers at 1 o'clock in the morning by a noise in the yard, and a commotion among the fowls. Both of them got up, and on going out ob- served evident traces of persons having been on the premises; so they determined to keep watch, judging that the thief or thieves would come again, and they were right, as the sequel will show. There was a gun in the house loaded with small shot, and armed with this they kept watch. About three o'clock they saw a fellow approach, who got over the yard wall, and when in the act of entering the fowl-house, the piece was levelled and discharged at him. A loud yell and a bound several feet from the ground was the result, and the next moment the would-be-thief cleared the fence, and dis- appeared in the bush. On making an ex- amination of the ground, the intruder's cap, a long stick, a knife, and a bag were discov- ered, all covered with blood, and the cap perfectly riddled with the shot. Blood was also visible on the fence over which the fellow got, especially where he placed his hands, and was traced in the morning for a distance of 200 yards in the bush, where it was not visible. It is supposed that the disappointed thief had others waiting for him, and that being badly wounded, he was carried away by his mates, or that he may have died in the bush. The new Sydney Abbatoirs, at Glebe Is- land, were opened for use on Monday last. The slaughter-house uuisance is at last got rid of from Sydney. The following shameful case is reported in one of the morning papers: - "Mary Wemyss, Susan Graham, and Mary Ann Cross, prostitutes residing on the South Head Road, were charged with robbery with violence. George Oxford, an infirm old man, 73 years of age, deposed that he was walking along the South Head Road on Monday evening, when the prisoner Wemyss came up to him, and asked him to go with her, pretending that she knew him very well. He refused, when she took him by the hands, and led him into a house, where were Susan Graham, and another woman whom he believed to be Mary Ann Cross, but he could not swear to her. When they got him in, Wemyss took 2s. 6d. out of one of his pockets. She then threw him on a bed, and began beating him with his stick, inflicting wounds on his head and hand. Graham helped to keep him down, and held his hands while Wemyss tore off his serge shirt, and cut out another pocket containing 10s. 6d. The third woman stood at the door keeping watch. Having thus taken all he had, and sufficiently ill-used him, they let him go, and he proceeded at once to the station-house, near the gaol, to give infor- mation. Some constables went to the house indicated, where they found the three pri- soners and apprehended them. They also found the old man's walking-stick in the room. Inspector Singleton gave Wemyss and Graham a very bad character, and wished to have the three committed for trial, but the Bench preferred dealing sum- marily with the case, and, discharging Cross for want of evidence, sent the other two to gaol for six months- that being the highest penalty in their power to inflict." A woman named Louisa Seal, aged 29, has been so severely injured as to cause death, through her dress taking fire while she was in a state of intoxication, in a house at Lane Cove Eliza M'Intyro has boon committed for (¡Hal for abandoning her infant, by loaving it on the door slop of Dr. Williams, a re spcctablo medical practitionor,iiiMacquaric titrcot. The child was found alive, aud has survived-luckily for the unnatural mother. John Gerard Flotchor, charged with several cases of embezzlement from Messrs. R. Tooth & Co., for whom he was' manager und general warehouseman, lias been com miltod for liiul." A Danish seaman named noudo lias also boon committed, for the .manslaughter of a .shipmate named Donald Morrison, by stab biug him. in the stomach with a knife, during a drnnkon brawl, at Balmain. Wo linve news of another big " haul " at Kiandra. The following is from a Quean- beyan paper:-" A party on whose authority we have reason to roly, and who left Kiandra on Suuday Ina!, rcpoits the finding of a largo nugget of pure gold at the above place. It appears that three now shafts had been opened at the abovo hill ; the fir.it shaft at a depth of 40 feet yieldod 3 ozs. ; tho second blank ; and tho third tho 201b. nugget previ- ously alluded to. Numbers of parties have, in consequence of this find, registered claims near to the spot, and which, until the wea- ther becomes favourable, they arc most as- siduous in shepherding. Mr. Benjamin, who has also just arrived in tho town, reports very favourably of the quartz-roef at the Nine-mile rush-quartz having been dug up containing large veins of gold throughout, and in more than payable quantities." At a cricketer's meeting, held in Mel- bourne, for the- purpose of endeavoring to mako arrangements for a match with the English olovon, the following resolution, re- specting the co-operation of New South Walos, was passed :-" That the colony of New South WalcB bo invited to co-opcrato, by subscribing lb« sum of £2000 towards the expenses, in coiiMtleraliuu for which, the Eleven shall pmceed lo Sydney, and there play such matches as may be agreed upon, the time they are absent from Victoria not to exceed three weeks, and the passage money and maintenance of the team to be paid by New South Wales. That, in the event of New South Wales declining the above proposition, an application be made for the uso of the Domain, on the samo terms as those for the Melbourne Cricket Ground ; New South Wales to pay the pas- sage-money and maintenance only." An extraordinary revelation bearing on a case of supposed murder, which took place sixteen years ago, is reported by the Kyneton Observer to have "recently been brought to light by the agency of the de- tective police. On Sunday week, detective constable Walker, of Kyneton, apprehended a man named Simon Kelly, in his tent at the railway works, Malmsbury, on the charge of murdering Christopher Prowse, near Buninyong, in the year 1844. The prisoner has been brought up on the charge and remanded by the Kyneton bench till Monday next, but as yet no evidence has been given against him. The circumstances of the case, as far as we could ascertain, are the following, but, of course, we do not vouch for their accuracy:-Prowse was living in 1844, with his uncle, Mr. Pettitt, the present Government contractor at Dowling Forest station, which at that time belonged to Messrs. Pettitt and W. J. T. Clarke. Kelly was then employed as a ser- vant on the station. He left of his own ac- cord, and on putting his swag on a return dray, a large bag of tea fell out. Mr. Clarke was then standing at the door with a cheque in his band to pay Kelly, and on seeing this the suspicion arose that as several things had been missed, the tea was stolen. Kelly was accused of this by Mr. Clarke, and in return, tripped up his master who fell in the mud. Subsequently Kelly sued Clarke and Pettitt for his wages in Geelong, and Prowse was at the trial, and after the case was over, Kelly was heard to swear at Prowse in passing him by, and threatened to make him laugh another way before he reached home. It seems he ac- cused Prowse of having suspected him of stealing things at the station. Prowse re- turned with a party of Clarke and Pettitt's men as far as Veitch's hotel, in Buninyong, and the bullock-drivers got drunk there, so that he could not proceed to Dowling Forest with stores for the station. Alexander McKenzie, the overseer, went to meet him and found Prowse alone on his way from Buninyong with a horse and dray. Prowse sent McKenzie, who was on horseback, on to Buninyong, to Veitch's, for a bank book, which be had forgotten there. On return- ing, McKenzie could not find Prowse until next day, when he found him dead in a crab hole with his neck broken, and it is said a fracture in the back of the head. Nothing further then transpired to clear up the mys- tery. The dray was found bogged, and the deceased man's hat at some distance. No magisterial investigation took place or in- quest was held. It appears, however, that a suspicion of foul play was always enter- tained. But the strangest part of the story is yet to be told. Kelly, on the very first night after he came to work on the railway at Malmsbury, a few weeks since, informed his tent-mate, according to the statement of the latter, that he was the party who mur- dered Prowse; that he dodged him all the way-from-Geelong to the swampy ground, near where Ballaarat now is, and felled him dead whilst he was stooping for a drink over the crab hole where his lifeless body was found. It may be mentioned that Prowse was very deaf, and might not have heard the threat in Geelong, or the noise of the murderer's feet behind him, at the time I he was knocked down. We give the above as it reached us; but must remark that, unless the facts are borne out by evidence, they are not to be relied upon." A correspondent sends to tho Armidalo paper a communication respecting Denili- quin and its stock market, which is worthy of attention from cattle owners, who will lind it copied in this day's Empire, I ox tract the following : \- I nrrived hero on the 24th of July, and on orossing from the Lachlan to the Murrumbidgee, I met a mob of Mr. Duigiiii's cattle returning to the Macquarie, after a twelve months' cruiso. They had been down to Melbourne, bo.xed about the Murray, the Edward, and Deniliquin, und wero then reluming ns unsaleable- in fact, they could not be sold, though I considered them fair young cattle ; but, from tho «lut of the best cattle in 'tho colony being generally collected hero, what some people would call good others 1 would call inferior-therefore it is difficult to state with certainty what cattle are saleable, for when such numbers are collected from different districts some must be inferior. I arrived here, ns 1 havo i.bovo stated, on the 21th of July, and this is tho 1st of September; I have watched tho market olosoly, and, as 1 am credibly in- formed that theri'is and has been round and near Deniliquin from 70 to one hundred thousand storo sheep for_ sale-and, notwithstanding that all the agents in Deniliquin were employed, as well as their principals in Melbourne, tho only salo of storo sheep effected during the above months was 3000 wethers of M'Arlhur's, from I the Darling Downs, for 15s. 6d. pernead, at threo mid 6 mouths' bills. Thoso sheep wero of tho host description-better than half fat-with a full fleeco ready for shearing. Only fancy fat cattle in Melbourne bringing from ¿IO to 16, and men having tho conecience to offer £3 for equal sexes, bullocks and cows, payablo by bills at l8 months 1 Is not this one singlo fact sullloieut to show tho present glutted state of tho market? And if people continue to pour in stock as they aro doing, I should not bo surprised at hearing of sales being effected at 2 anti 3 yenis' bills. With referonco to sheep, the quotations are-For best wethers, ]5s., and good ,\oung breeding ewes 12s. ; payable by bills at 3 mid G months : but oven at this no sales havo boen lately efl'eoted. The fact is, lhere is no de- mand whatever, either for sheep or cattle. Shearing has already commenced. If peoplo aro mad enough nfter this to con- tinue sending stock over bore, they must send i he very best that can he procuied ; for, from the explanation I havo given it »ill bo seen that, in reality, inferior stock aro not saleablo ; there- fore, a» regards sbcop or oattlo for this market, a sailor's description will bo best understood. In tho first pluoe, they must have good sound tim- bers, bluff ¡nellie bows, with a deep kelson, a neat figurehead, and well on ; a flush deck, with a clean sweep fore and ait ; great breadth of beam, with wide stowage oapaoity ! and, as a finish off, the rudder, above all things, well hung. No small craft, such ns brigs dud sohonncrs, need be forwarded. All must ho of a class, regular steamers, and big if possiblo ns the Great East- ern. As to their upper gear, it is not of much consequence; no lanterns or lights ícquired, but just a few bells to givo timely warning, and as Hie sail makers will meet thom hoic, lho.i'11 soon take their measure, and decido lory quickly as to tho cut of their jib ! With reference to the prolific "sheep of China, lately noticed by you, Mr. Ebsworth of Sydney sonds the following to a daily paper, having taken it from a Boston paper : D. J. Browne, Esq., tho hoad of tho Agri- cultural Buroau of the Patent Office, had received a lottor from Mr. R. L, Pool, of Massachusetts, stating that, from threo im- ported owos from Nanken, sovonty-two lambs had been obtained in twenty months. One owo produced twelvo lambs in fifteen months -three, four, and five at a birth, and they com- menced bioeding at four and n-balf mouths old. The breed is perfectly hardy, having endured the past sovoro winter without any shelter, producing lambs constantly, which boro tho cold as well as tho old shoop, and matured rapidly. They will not jump fences, either stone or wood. 'Hie flock was separated l¡>st season frcm a rye field, hy a cobble stone wall, two nnd a half feet high, over which they never attempted to pass, nor can they be driven over any description of fence. Ino fibre of their wool is exceedingly strong, and the fleece heavy. The mutton cannot possibly he sur- passed, as it is entirely free from the strong flavour usual to sheep, and is tender, juicy, and delicious. The tails aro broad, and when pro- perly prepared, much resemble marrow, and form a delightful morsel fur the epicure. Now, then ! Who's disposed to " go in " for Chinese sheep ? From Adelaide we learn by telegraph that Mr. Stuart, the explorer, had returned, and he is said to have travelled nearly eleven hundred miles, but was driven back by tbo natives. The Government intend to send him out again. A story has got wind that Mr. Stuart undertook this perilous journey for tho sake of pleasing a lady by planting a flag that she had made for him, in the centre ot Australia. If there is anything of this kind the matter with the man, I give him up. Where does the story occur of the proud, cruel beauty, who, at a wild beast fight, dropped her glove in the arena, in order to provoke her cavalier to the perilous feat of bringing it back, which he did ? Of course he cut her thenceforward, but I for- get whether he threw the glove into her face, as doubtless he ought to have done. As to this yarn about Mr. Stuart, I believe it to be all bosh. , We have had very changeable weather here. At present it is showery and rather lowering. Wednesday Night, 3rd October. POSTCRIPT. I regret very much to learn, from further inquiry, that the fire in King- street has been much more disastrous than-was thought. Two men at least have been killed by the falling bricks, and a woman has been seri- ously injured. It is not as yet known but that more may be missing. The Assembly is in committee on the Gold Duty Abolition Bill. A Mr Solomon, a gold assayer, who says that he will lose ?E5000 if the duty bo abolished, is being examined at the bar. P.P.S.-I have just visited the scene of the fire. The bodies of the two men have been found. They prove to be the brother of Mr. Clark, of the oyster-room and eating house in King-street, and an old man who went to assist in saving property. The Prince of Wales Theatre is completely gut- ted, and the walls have collapsed. Holmes' bakery is entirely destroyed. The total loss cannot be much less than 40,000. 2nd P.P.S.-The Bill to abolish the Gold Duty has passed through committee and been read a third time in the Assembly. In the Legislative Council to-night, Mr. Cowper gave notice of his intention to move lor leave to bring in the Bill to amend the Constitution of that house. Crowds continue to congregate round the scene of the late fire. The scene opposite the defunct Prince of Wales Theatre and in that part of King-street forms a melancholy contrast to its usually lively appearance, and a heavy shower, just fallen, has not at all improved the prospect. 