SHIPS' MAILS Will «Ima at tho O «narai Po«t-ofllo» aa follow« : For Port Curtía and 'Rockhampton-Bj tho ¿Emily Hort, Thia . tiley, at noon, If nat underway. , _ ; For Stewart'« 'Island-By tho Comet, This Say, at noon, If .not underway. For Auckland-Hy tho Moa, This Day, at noon, If not under For Calla«-By tbs Venilla, This 'Say, st noon, tf not änder- bar Kew Plymouth-By tho 8hamreok, ThlsiDay, at noon,If . Slot underway. For London-By the Strathallan, (Thia Day, at noon, If not ..Underway. For Part Cooper and Otago-By the Louis and Miriam, This tDay, atrip m. - For London-Hy the Daphno, Thla Day, at 0 p.m. For Auokland-By tho liroldalbano, on Tuoeday, at<0 p.m. OOITOU Ilooait.-KNTKBRD OoTwtaei, February 85, 1880. HY«retah, «teamor.«57 ton«, Captain Knight, for Wide Bay. .The Henri and Oscar had light wind« until off thia ooaat, wbon .«vtrong weaterly wind« woro -exporionoed. Reports having spoken the American ship Beatrloe, from Hongkong toward« ».Sydney, forty-four day« ont, on tba nth instant, in latitude 40-86 ?A, longitude, 1135 E. ¡ alao, an English «hip, showing 3rd pon ,«ant, No. 430, from London, toward« Launceston, out nlnoty. «.iaht day«, on tho.15th lnatant, in latitudo 40-84 8., longitude 130-10 E. iXhe American ship Thoma« H. Parkins reports haring epokon -tho Amtrnzlno, on the I4tb January, «ut «Ixty-Üve doy«, from London to Now Zealand, In latitude 4330 8., longitude 37- E. .-The Samuel Glover wa« to leave New York on the Wt Ii November -for thia port Tbe steamer Yarra Yarra left Capo Moreton on Thursday, S3 rd .Instant, «ta p.m., and arrivod on Saturday avenlng at hair-paat ?even n'oloek. Experienced atrnng 8.S.E. and oastorly wind«, . with heavy rain at Intervals throughout tho paaaago. Tho brig Barnett and aehooner Margaret woro lying at Brlabane, and tho Don Juan, from Sydney, wa« Iring at tho pilot «talion. Tito Ellon baa brought up a largo paroo! of gnld, tho produce of . the Snowy Rlvor Digging«. Captain Nloholaon «tate« that nura ?lora are leaving the district for the digging«. Tho brig Eepor : «nra put into Twofold Bay on tho lath lnatant, bound for Mel- bourne. The Ellon bringa aovonty bale« wool and a quantity of .jshoepskinn. < The Mimosa's cargo conslat« of 60 bags «yatara, IS bundles .waboepakiner-S boraoa, and a quantity of goods damagod by the ¿flood. H M. ahlp Irl«, Commodore Lorlng. ha« returned, aftor visiting tthe 'New Zealaaid porta. Reports having exporionoed strong .xtorthorly winda In tho earlypart of tho pasasgo, and light wo« ilerly «Inda during tho latter. Thore had boon no arrivals at . .Anokland ainoe Ute-roport of the Breadalbane. H.I.M. ateamer Casein! la another of the fleet «ant from Franoa -for tho New (JalodonU «tallon, oho I« a paddle «tourner, moant dngslx gnu«, and hu« full complement of offlaera and mon. Tb« following,la tho tho umjio of tho nfflcor«:-Captain O'Joune; lat lieutenant, M. Joulnie ; Snd ditto, M. Dorlzaua ¡ J rd ditto, M. dnnyoln; Purear, M. Meilland; Aulttant Parsor, M.Oalliardj Oftleor Marine«, M. Chauf&nnot.; Tba Wonga Wongo, sicamor, arrived atMolbonrno Railway Plor on Friday evening. There .were many onqulrlo« st Molbourno foroonveyanoo to the Snowy .River, and the Wonga Wonga will «all at Twofold Bay on her way In Sydney. Tun PATRIUCIK STXAMKII.--We poreolvo by our advortlaing columna Uiat thia faveurlto atoamrr will roaumo hor trips to tho limiter on Tueaday.at ll pm. Tbl« vosaol has boon In Mart's dry'dookundergoing painting and rejiaira. Her engine, boiler«, .nd hull have undergone a complote overhaul. She makes hor trial trip down Ibo harbour this day, willoh will no doubt prove «uoooskful. She ba« bron placod under tho command or Captain Budd, an experienced offieor, lato in tho A.8.N. Company'a .learner Illalong, and will no doubt moat with her./armor ¿palronago. SAI.K or VFSSBI.S.-Mr. Bowden, auctioneer, «old on Thursday Mat,tho following voaaela-.-Llon, barcino, for XlilOtf! Miami, barque, for £7S5i William Buchanan, barn.no, for ¿Í5S.51 Venturei trig, for £475. He oleo aold privately during tba weok the brig (S5?55l'o0Ji, ,0T .£mo > nmI tlla ,,rlB Oertrlido for £300. Tote", Tho «obooner Sacramento, bought In an Thuraday Jaat, «rill positively bo «old on Thursday noxt. The Tatmanls, steamer, had heavy oaatorly galoa during the Çaaaage. 'Slghlod no vessels Roporta tho arrival at Hobart Instant? Waterwitch, whaler, from Sydnoy, on the Sind The ship signalled to the southward yesterday evening was .apposed to bo a Danish vo»«el, from Hong-kong, wlthOWuecu) Immigrant«. Sho boulnd off tho land in ihe ovoulng.and wu not expected to enter the Hoi« until thia dar. ? 