ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION" THIS DAY. i,«is¿ ' ' JWcíír«. J. I TOSS and Co-At tho'r rooma,' Bourko »tictt-11 ols Hld shoes. Ucssrv. l'l-ASEn and COHEN.-At their rooms, Colllnu ttteet- Cutlery mid plat«d goods, China goods X'otrs. W. EASBY and Co.-At tho rooina, Colllns \- Mrnet-Rigulitonlock, Palnaíleo, Carolina soed 'rice, Cork butti-r, Danish and Scotch oats, Sall'd »id lias's »lo, malt, theepvvaoh tobacco, da mnt-Od Mauritius sugars, muscatel rnishiB. Also farms on D mdenoi g Creek. Mr- H. F. STUMBS-On the Railway Platform, Spon cer-strect-Exten-ivo salo of merchandise, ox John Dunant Al hi'» rooms, Qucon stieet-Galvanized tilts, olii o oil, &c.; air. N. Kinsiux.-At hil rooms, Moor-stroet, Fitzroy -Pavviibro'ers' unredeoacd pledges. On tim ' jiwiiil-es-Freeholds in Oxfotd and Littlo Oxford streets. . lix. JAMES PRINCE.-At tho resldenco of Dr. Ban- non, King Wllliam-strcot-Household furniture 1 and effects. . Uti ME. Cuna and MURRAY.-At tho old Ballway Sind, Flindors-Etreet-Damaged Irish oats. On tho Australian Whaii- English raliway coke. Xlctsrs. Josmn SIMMONS and Co-At their rooms, Ci llitib-striet-Musical boxes, Ohlneso teatrays, st tioncry, fancy goods, plated ware, &o.; Ur. WIIIMAH PERRY.-At hit rooms, Collins stroot Fltctroplatidware, ironmongery, &o.; ; also turlhonwaro mid glassware, black sand. ?Messrs. Row, Kink, and Co.-At the cattle-yards Fat withers. At tbo yards, Bourko-streot Horses. - Mr. JOIINM'COMBB -At No. 1 Paikhill-torraco, Riolt mond-road-Housohold furiiituro and effects. Hirsts. PURCELL and KEIOIIIIAN,-At tholr yards, Bourke street-HorseB, waggon, colts. Mr. IDWARB Du DARUK.-At tho Wheatsheaf Hotel, Sydney-road- Farm, horsoB, &o.; MfSfni. MACKILLOP and COOKn.-At tho Ship Inn, Footscr.n -Furnituro and fittings. - - 3' r. J AUKS HKNDBRSON.-At Kirk's Biziar-Horses. RKI«S by Auction. AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. 3 WOKS and Co. call tho attention of tho « wlwlcsalo and retail trido of Melbourne to tholr ext.miic SALE of BOOTS and SHOES, at tholr smut, THIS DAY, commencing prcclsoly at eleven «'clock. Tho description of tho goods, and tho makor3 names, will bo found, on refcrouco to the ndvorttsment 1n mother column, to bo a sufficient guarantee to all Chuses of purchasers, that such another parcol is not is tho markot at the present timo, Tho whole will lie hold to tho highest bidder, and in such parcels as ai 111 suit the convenience of all classes of purchasers. " THIS DAY. 3n «msoquonco .of the wholo of the Goods not being Lauded. «General and Unreserved Sale of 285 Trunks of First class Seasonable Boots, &c.; Ex Empire of Peaco. Just Lauded. Tío the Boot and Shoo Tradu of Molbourno and Goolong. JIiYONS and Go. aro favoured with instruo " tiona from tho importers to SELL by AUC- TION, at their mart, Bourko street, on Monday, May 21-at eleveu o'clock precisely, £85 trunks superior seasonable gooda, by the fol- io» ing makers : Johnson, Gillman, and Co. Bamberger and Co. Dirham Broihors Richard Turner Gi urge and Charles Turnor Nelson and Sons Pegg and Sons Best, ck ; and others, .and consisting ol, viz. : Johnson, Gillman, and Co.'s Goods. 8045- 049-6 trunks girls' grained boots, welts, .Î. P. H-, 10 to 13 Do best cloth boots, patent goloshed, 10 to 13 X>o c&shuicro; boots, patent vamps, 10 to 13 8050-3054-6 trunks ladies' suporlor cloth boots, patent goloshed, lifts, 3 to 3 30*5-8000-5 do men'a and boys' kip bluchers, aprhtged 3001-8007-7 do men's heit kip bluchers, colonial sprigged, and clumps 30C8-S070-3 do best kip bluchers, high backs, sprigged, stcol pointa 3071-80.0-Odo men's calf wellingtons Do do kip stout boots Bo do calf short boots Dcrlmm's Goods. J88-S47-10 hunks, consisting of Children's merool everlasting balmorals, 0 to 8 Girls'do do, 10 to 13 .Girls' lined booti-, 6 to 0 Dodo eviriastm/ do, 10 to 13 "Women's p. p. leather slippers Do stout wet do Chas. Turner's Goods. 34-38-6 truuHsgontlouicn'» calf sido . Unstudied hide "pring balmorals Do do hcsslaus spri. ged, two rows round. William Nelson's Goods. Si-05- Four trunks men's army bluchers. Marshall's Goods. £1-06-0 trunks, consisting of Ullitary wellingtons, cut-nailed JMcn's calf short boots Do regulation blucheis Docut-ualled watortights Du cut-nailed bluchers Geuilemon's ruemol top, calf goloshed, apruigs Men'» cut-nailed napoleons Do military wellingtons, steel points. William Garrard's Gooda. * trunks, consisting of Ladies'cloth goloshed b tote, T P H bolts, 3 Do grained kid, button boots, do, 3 to 7 Do do, do, 8 to 7. Baraberger and Co.'s Goods. £ trunks, consisting of Ladies' sup. cloth boots, patent goloshed Do do, rivets Do cordovan E. S. do Girls' sunorlor cashmore, T. P. H. welts. 0 to Bo do, do, 10 to 13 Boatock'a Goods 30 trunks, consisting of YoutbB' and boys' lace upB, 10 to 13 and 1 to Do do bluchers Girls' cloth boots, 1 and 6, 0 and 0 and 10 to Do leather boots, 4 lo 6, 0 to 0, and 10 to IS Women's leather boots, 3 to 8 Do cloth boots, calf golosbcd, 3 to 7 Do cordovan do, T V H w elts Ladles' cashmere boots, patent goloshed, 3 to Do cloth boots, military hcols, P S , 3 to 8 Do lace do, do, 3 to 7 Do superior kid do E S , 8 to 8 William Jones s Goods aCO-Sll-11 trunks, consisting of Guitlouien's Bpriggcd wellington boots Do E side clumps Do clump wellingtons Do clump, E sides Pegg and Son's Goods j 3£-26--11 trunks, consisting of ladies'cloth goloshed, D S , T P. H, 8 to 7 Do military heel balmorah, 8 to 7 Do cashmere boola, double toles, 8 to 7 . Do Japan goloshed, T P H , 8 to 7. ?> Groom and Son's Doods 3014 1024-11 trunks, consisting of Short police boots, steel sprigged Police Wellingtons, sprigged all lound Do do, 14in legs William Nicola's Goods -020-2933-8 truuke, each 30 pairs, gentlemen's. clump boots -034-2936-2 do do kip wellington boots 2230-2280-4 trunks Prince George kip boots, each 30 pairs 2040,2911-2 do, each 40 pairs, military Prince George's -042,2940-S do do military police boot-, black edges ! Swift's GcoclB -17-39-3 trunks, consisting of Children's minnel button boots, double soles Do cloth do, 6 to 9 JdUeeB' do do, 10 to 13 j Children's patent straps, 1 to 4 Do drab patont straps, rounds, 1 to i a Do kid boots, pumps, eyelots, patent calf fronts, I 6 to 0 v -lisses' do do, 10 to 13 Do do, welt« and buttons, 10 to 13 ladltsj' seal slippers Children's memil button boots, welts, 10 to 13 &c.; lirais-Under £100, cash, aboae that sum, anap 3 rood hill at three mouths', endorsed if requirod THIS DAY On Account of Whom it May Concern J MONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, m at thebrmort, Bourko-stroct, on Monday, May 21, »1 Uta e-n o clock, 14 trunkB superior manufactured goods, By Tillyard and Howlett, Tor tbe benefit of whom it may concern, ; Moro or lesB damaged by sea w ator, , Oet~isling of- ( Ladies'and children's cloth, goloshed, E S spring Do do, laced, do i Dodo, militai y hoels I Cuillemen s calf w eULngtons < Do half wellingtons > Do tplit do , Do artillery do I Do E 8, calf, »de spring . .* r _Terna-Cash_ WEDNESDAY, MAY 23 ' -te Warehousemen, Drapers, Clothiers, Slopscllcrs, _ »nd Others ,~ ii Positivo and UnroservedSale of 76 Bales and Coses First-class Winter Goods,] Just Landed, j i. Kx Gipsy Bride and John Duncan. I J LYONS and Co. are favoured with insiruc m tiens from the importer» to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke-atreet, on Wednesday, Mab 28, eleven o'clock, ' 76 bales and case* of superior winter clothing, _e, Just landed, and consisting of ¡ Men's blue pilot American pea jackets > Do best bound soo coats, variouB - { Do do stitched, do do : fleutkmen's superior fancy doo trousers, coate, and vesta J Men's millers' mole trousers stitched and taped Gentlemen's superior black cloth American jackets "Youths' and boy a' pilot American do Men-superior Bedford cord trousers Do imitation do Boy»' and youths' do trousers i t Do do molo do fcupcrioi 10-4 whlto blankets Du 10-4 scarlet do Men s superior black felt hatB i Do do Abcrdoen half ho e Ken's superior block aocskln trousers, French bottom?, silk waistbands and linings Do superior bound reefing Jackets Do do stitched do Gentlemen's superior Inverness capes Do sealskin couts Boxes superior black and brown plume« . Do do puacock tips - Ladles' superior mauve and merino hosiery Chis' Spanish assorted do Do auortcd striped do T/i omen's scarlet and block stripe do ' iten's superior lamb-wool vesta Do do panta Do do brown cotton hair hose Do do rea) Aberdeen do, &c; .Ter-., at S-lc, i TniS DAY. « For tho Boneflt oí Whom It May Concom. T LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, . at tholr mart, Bourke-street, on Monday, May 21 immediately before the salo of the boots and shoes Tho following goods, on account of whom it mav loniern, viz. :- * Ex H. B. Mildinay, "" . , v ln Minglo, J under, Boc 22-1 drawingroom couch. 27 and £0-0 wa'nut loo tables. Ex Scotia, Ctuo 1,408-87 gentlemen's overcoats. Terms-Cash. TUESDAY, MAY 22. Pawnbroker's Salo of Unredeemed Pledges. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, * at their mart, Bourko-strcot, on Tuesday, Hay 2 , at eleven o'clock, - i 31 o following unredeemed pledges, by order of Mr. /. BoBenwax, licensed pawnbroker, 112 Queen-street, v iz. : 60 ) ards now black cloth Lot of tinsmiths' tools Do of carpenters' do Guns and pistols, quadrants and compasses Musiial Instruments, men's and vvomon's wearing apparel, boots and shoos, coloured aud assorted flannels Gold and silver watches Gold and sllv or chains Gold rings and brooches Lot of harness, tints, ka. _Terms-Cash. TUESDAY, MAY 22. Pawnbroker's Sale of Unredeemed Pledges. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at tholr mart, Bourke-street, on Tuesday, May 22\. at oloven o'clock, The following unredeemed pledges, by order of Mr. W. Brasch, licensed pawnbroker, 210 Swanston itrcet, viz. : Ladies' and gonllemen's wearing-apparel, gold and silver watches, gold guard chains and alberts, hulles'and gentlemen's gold rings,silver snuff- boxes, sextants and quadrants, carpenters* tools, books, &e.; Tcrma-Cash. FRIDAY, MAY 25. LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, _ at tholr mart, Bourke-street, on Friday, ay 25, at oloven o'clock, By order of Mr. Henry Marks, licensed pawnbroker, 76 Elizabeth street, A largo Balo of pawnbroker's unredeemed pledges, consisting of Ladies' and gentlomen's gold and silver watchoi, gold guard chains, and alberta Diamond ringi and pine, colonial gold and other rings, brooches and othor jewellery, a quan- tity of colonial gold and nuggets ; silver plate, consisting of teapots, sugar basins, cream jugs ; table, desbcrt, and tea spoons ; forks, &c.; Oil paintings, writing-desks, soxtants, quadrants, spying glasses, guns, pistols, musical instru- ments, and family Bible, ko. Ladies' and gentlemen's wearing apparel, silk and satin dress pieces, immigrants' boxes, bootd and shoes, &c; _ PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Important Salo of M. and S. Hyam's Clothing. FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- tions from tho importers to offer, at an early oay, of which due notlco will be given, ISO packages of clothing, from tho celebrated house of M. and 8 Hyam, consisting of JRevcrslblo beaver pea-jackets Drab Devon do Do do overcoats Blue pilot pea-jackets Mixed Wltney do Mohair do Sealskin do Tweed and doo sacs Fancy doo panta Black cloth saca Fancy doo and black vosts, &o.; Terms at Solo, THIS DAY. China Goods. FRASER and COUEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at tho Malt, on Monday, May 21, at «teven o'clock, Bataneo of shipment, Ex Beatrice, Fireworks Toys China vases I Do plates and dishes Do dessert services Do meat dishes Handsome trays I Work-boxes Ivory goods. Terms at Salo. ' _ THIS DAY. Cutlery and Plated Goods. TTtRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC I» TION, at tho Mart, Collins street, on Monday, Bay 21, at cloven o'clock, 20 cases of plated goods and cutlery, consisting of Table knives Sets knlveB and forks Electro-plated table spoons Do do forks , Do tea and coffee services. Also, 8 cases stained and other dressing combs. Terms-Cash. TUESDAY, MAY 22. Important Clearing-out Solo, At the Stores of Messrs M. I. Moses and Co, Fllndors-lane WOBL To be Sold Without any Reservo. Previous to their Departure from tbo Colony. 85 Packages of Clothing, ex Maidstone. _. 72 Do do, ex Rccont Arrivals. IJIRASER and COHEN have received instruc- ts tións from Messrs. M. I. Moses and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their blores, Moylan's-lano, oír Flinders-lane west (prior to their doparturo for England), on Tuesday, Mnv 22, at eleven o'clock, The wnolo of the stock of clothing, Ex recent arrivals, consisting of Striped cheviot suits Black and blue figured beaver do . Black, brown, and groy witnoy do Mlxid reversible sao jackets, 8. V. O, Bluo aud brown beaver do Superior block cloth do, lined in quilted lustre Do do, braided Angola tweoil do Mixed doe trousers .. Fancy doe do Superior striped doo do Stripe cheviot do Mixed do do Superior fancy cloth suits Pilot reefing jackets Black cloth Cambridge coats Striped do do and vests PetoiBham sacs Drab Devon D. B. clicstortlolds Black felt haU Boys' and youtliB' molo trousers Fanoy doe and angola vests Superior Scotch angola jumpers . Scotch twill shirts. ' .Terms-Under £100, cash; above that eum, ap- proved acceptarcer at tbrco months'. The trado and up-country storekeepers will pleaso note tho above Bale of first-class goods, all recent shlp n ents, and are positively to be sold without reserve, W essra. M.I. Moses and Co. closing their business in 1MB tit and leovlng for England. TUESDAY, MAY 22. Winter Boots and Shoes, Stead and Simpson's and Bostock'«. -, To the Boot and Shoe Trado of Melboumo, Gc elong. Ballarat, Castlemaine, Sandhurst, and the Various Up-country Districts. SOO Trunks and Caaes of Seasonable Boots and Shoes. 'G' RASER and COHEN have received instruo f} tions from Messrs. U. W. Farrar and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their storeB, Little GollluB-street west (first storeB wcBtof Quotn-Btrect), on Tuesday, May 22, at oloven o'clock precisely, 300 trunks and cases of winter goods, of the very best qualities, from the well-known IIOUBCS of Stead and Simpson, and Bostock, including Watertlghts-best betnalled, best sprigged, colo-, nial sprigged, colonial bradded, and eliukered, and second nailed, sprigged, and eliukered Graiu-hido liapoloons-best colonial sprigged, Ac. Wellingtons-best long and bcBt short, sprigged too and Joint Do-best colonial sprigged, 18in. leg Do-do do, lOln. do. ' Bluchers-best calf, spi igged toe and Joint Do-army, colonial sprigged, sparabled Do-apriiged and eliukered waist. Ladies' clastlo side kid, patont goloshed Do superfino cloth do. Women's, gilla', and children's calf laced boots. Tho auctioneers beg to call the attention of the trade generally to this sale of Stead and Simpson's manufacture. The goods from these makers ara so well- known that the auctioneers deem it unnecessary to do more than remind buyers that the boots and shoes aro juBt landed and aro in splendid condltlou. Terms at sale, i Observe-Tuesday, May 22, at the atores of H. W. Farrar and Co., Little Collins-street west.. WEDNESDAY, MAY 23. < Malt. Malt. Malt. ' ' 1 1,500 Bushels Prime Quality. To Biowera, Storekeepers, ^nd Others. ERASER and COHEN have "received instruo tions from tho Importers to BELL by AUCTION, ' at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, May 2J, j at eloven o'clock, , I A bin containing- ' 1,600 bushels malt. - . Terms at Sale._?_ WEDNESDAY, MAY 23. , | 770 Bags Fino White Java Crystal Sugar. I To Grocers, Brewers, Storekeepers, and Others. "ORASER and COHEN have received instruc- ts tions from the importers to SELL by AUCTIO N, > Ä"ihelr rooms, Colllns- strect, on Wednesday, May 23, at eleven o'clook, 770 bags fine white Java crystal sugar. _Terms at Bale/ WEDNESDAY, MAY 28. . Preliminary Notice. Fine Congou Tea, in Chests and Halves. S. O. Pekoe, in Boxes. Patna Bice, in lent. Bags. To MorchaLfa, Grocers, Storekeepers, anl Others. Ï¡LEASER and COHEN have'received instrnc I lions furn tbo importers to BELL by AUCTION, ?>i their rooms, CoUlna-streot, on Wednesday, May 23, tt eleven o'clock, Fine congou tea, in chests and halves b. O. pekuo, in boxes ' Patna rliu, lu lewt. bags. Pull panliulat a hereafter. Ino attention of the trado is called to this »le, v l.tlh is \ t n tctved, to close shipments, ill 1-6 M ¡itls, WEDXESDAY, MAY 23. 1,800 Bushels Fine Calcutta Wheat. To Miller«, Cornfnetors, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instrno« tiona from the importers to SELL by AUOTION, at tlielr rooms, Culllns-strcct, on Wednesday, May 23,. at eleven o'clock, 1,800 bushels fino Calcutta wheat. Terms at Solo. For PRIVATE SALE. FRASEE and COHEN have received instruc- tions from tho proprietor, who is leaving for LlipUnd, to OFFER for PRIVATE SALE, Iliafo valuable business promises Nos. 33 and 85 Bourke-strect cast, now in the occupation of Mr. Crato, jenener, and Mr. Brooks Clay, draper, 'forms as may bo arranged. B HIGH TON PARK. DwcllinghouBO, with Four Acres of Land. Also, 42 Allotments of Land. . TJ1RASER and COHEN hnvc received inBtruo V tiona to SELL by PU1VATE CONTRACT, tho ioUowlng valuable freehold properties, situato at Brighton Park. A first-class dwolllnghouso, containing 16 rooms, with stabling and outhousos, together with four acres of garden-ground, well stocked with vines and fruit-trees, In great vnrioty and choleo de- scription, in full bearing. The property is built of stone, and verandah all round the IIOUBO, willoh is built in tho centro of tho propci ty, mid sitúalo In tbat favourite locality, Brighton Park. Also, 42 allotments of land, fronting tho beach, Donby slreot, and New-road, varying in depth from 235 to 418 feet, nil situato af Brighton Park. For terms and further particulars apply to Frasjr nil Cohen, 14 Coilins-strcot west. lo CAPITALISTS, THEATRICAL MANAGERS. SPECULATORS, and Othors. TO be SOLD by PRIVATE TREATY, tho EQUITY of REDESieriON in that largo and t cry commodious brick-built edifico, orcotod lu I860 at a cost of moro than £12,000, known aa Tho TUEATBE ROYAL, BALLARAT, situated in, and occupj lug a frontage of 03ft. to that mott contrai und important locality, , Sturt",troot, llallarat. The land has n depth of 132ft., the building thus coveting the cutuo nllotaieut, avith a right-of-way on each side. It is capable of seating nearly 2,000 per- sons, and has attached to it The ihcalro Iioyal Hotel, cemiMii.g of a splendid and nowly-dccoratcd bar, with ccllecrooins, billiuidroom, suito of private apartuiouts, and about 20 bedrooms. Togother with tho building (and included In tho same lot) will bo Si Id, tho Reversionary Right to all tho Scenery, permanent Fittings, Fixtures, and Im provtments winch may bo In cr upon the premise, at the expiration of Hie present leaso, ol four and- iah years, now held by Mosirs. Hoskins and Bellalr «tan Annual rental of £1,360. Undertheirable management tho property has con- tinuously and rapidly incroased in value, and will doubtlei-B, on tho oponlng of tho (now nearly com- pleted) railway bo tho most valuable property in that mott importuut ol' inland towna-Ballarat, Its size (second only lo the 1 licatro Royal, Melbourno), unsur- passed decorations and convenience for economic ti iianagcmcii!, havo already overpoworcd nil opposi- tion ; and it bas been proved thut no amount of theatrical attraction elsewhere can contend against it» great and permanent advantages. For lenna (which «ill bo vory favourable), and other particulars, apply either to FRASER and COHEN, auctioneers, li Collins-street, Melbourne; or to J, and T. Oddie, auctioneers and land agents, llal lsrst. ' PRELIMINARY NOTICE. SOO Fackogos Superb Marble, Alabastor, and Agato Statuary. Bohemian Glassware, China, ice. ByOrdorof Signor Paiidoluni, from Italy. W EASBY and Co. have received iustruo « lions from Signor Paiidolllnl (just arrived Ir~m Italy)to St-LL by AUCTION, on an early d*y, of Which duo notice «ill bo niven, Tho following splendid usiorlmont of marule, al t bislcr, mid agate statuary, glassware, _e., consisting in pitt of Yasos, a largo ossorimont of bardigllo, agate, yellow sienna, etruscan, mediéis, hebe, Rom-tn vales, - c, suitable for tho decoration of entratice-lialls, drawlngrooms, mantelpieces, libraries, &c.; Opon-Werk vasos, adapted for flowers; vestal temples, card-rccoivers, Florentino work baskfit"!, &c.; Bohemian and Vonctian glrtsswoik, from tho royal manufactories of fraguo and Venice. Tho abovo good» have just arrival, and havo bec,i BOkctoü with great caro by Signoi P.»»dollin!, from the great studio of Italy, and tho royal manufactories of Prague, Viuniin, and Paris. Tho goods have been oxpresaly selected for this market, and every ailit-lo »ill tie sold Without reserve. This beautiful collection of art will bo open to in- spection two days prior to cale. Full particulars in futuro adveitisomcnt. THIS DAY. 1 Large Regulator Clock. Kore or Lots Damaged, and Sold fur Account of Whom it May Concern, i To Watch mid Clock Makers and Others. TTSr EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, Y Y . nt thoir rooms, S3 Collins street west, on Monday, May 21, at cloven o'clock, Ex-, M under UK, in diamond, No, 4, 1 large i og ulator clock. . More or les! damaged by Bca-w-tter, and Bold for the benont of whom it may concern. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 1,000 Baga Fino Patna Rico. 500 Do Danish Oats. 500 Do Scotch Do. To Groecra, Storekeepers, Llvary-stablo Koopors, Contractors, and Others. WBASEYand Co. will SELL by AUCTION, s at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Monday, May 21, at oloven o'clock, > 1,1'OJ bags Ano Patna lice 500 do do Danish oatB 500 do do Scotch do. All In fino order, and guaranteed. _TcrillB at Sale._ THIS DAY'. At Twelve o Clock, By Order of tho Mortgagees. Extensivo Sale of Valuablo Cultivated Farms on tho Dandenong Creek, about 10 miles from Melbourne. Lot 1.-Farm 820 acree, with Residence and Improve- ments, i Lot 2.-Farm 00 do, do. Lot 8.-Farm 400 do, do. Lot 4.-Farm 428 do, do. Lot 5.-Farm 180 do, do. 1,374 acres. ! Tho above Farms adjoin eacli other. To Farmers, Graziers, Dairymen, Capitalists, and Others. : "Iï7 EASEY and Co. have recoivod ¡nstruc f V a tiona from tho mortgagees to SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, Kay 21, at twelve o'clock, i Tho folluvving valuablo farms : Loti, contains 320 acres rim alluvial soil, mid boin? Portion A of Soition 1, county of Mornington, and having a froulago to tho Dandenong and Our rawarrr.bul Crocks. Upon this land aro croctod a capital bovcu-roomtd house, with verandah in front, containing two bittingrooms, threo' bed- room«, storeroom, dairy, &c;, detached kltehou, and servants-room, flvo-utall btable aml;loo3o box, large barn, men's huts, blacksmlthVshop, stock-yard, milking-slieda, fowlhouse, jard, ¿te. Splendid orchard, and garden of eight acroi, stocked with somo of the illicit vl.ioa midfruii trccs in tho colonies. 100 acres of this land hive been undor cultivation, and 20 acres aro under crop at present, Tito culti- vated land ia divided and fenced into six paddocks. The laud is of the riebest alluvial soil, and liol pro- duced tho finest or ips in tho colony. Largo suraj have I «in leid out in improvements, and tho land l8 sub Manually fenced in, excopting a small portion. ! Lot 2, ; containing 83a 2r, moro or less, and being pbrtion of Section 3, county of Mornington. j Ibis land is exceedingly rich, and capablo of pro- ducing One crops. ! Lot 3, ' adjoining last farm, und containing 400acre», moro or less, and being p riions of Sections 3 And 4, and having a frontago to tho Dandenong Oreok. Upon tbls firm uro erected thefollowingbuiUlngs : -A capital brlclt-bullt \ eruudab four-ruom cltago (slate roof) nitachod kitchen and store-room, stable, two ahodB, men's hut, Ac. ; garden, stocked with tho finest BbrubB, frttit-trecB, &c; 70 acres of this land aro under eulin allon, and the virolo is fenced in with u threc-ruil fe,,co Tbo soil lu a rich alluvial deposit, and produces splendid crops. Lot 4, adjoining thclast finn, and containing 428a, 8r. 2p. (more or less) of rich alluvial soil, and having a froutago of a mile and a quarter to the Dandenong . Creek, and being portion of Soctlonn No. 4,6, and Ö. , at Tuhartuaii, lu the parish of Narret) Warran, County of Mornington. Upon tilla laud aro erected the following buildings, ka. :-Aj eom , tortablo four roomed cottage, verandah inrfiotit, out houses, two stables, fowl-yard, io. ¡ four acres of garden and orchard, stocked, n ith . fluo frult-trocs, ¡te ; dalry, kc. About 10 après of * tbo land have been under 'cultivation, and par- tially at present under crop. The dustonco of tlioao farms is about 10 mila) fro ii Xclbournc, on a onc- clialu-wldo road off thomalnDao duiong-road, near tbo Bprlng Vale Hotel. All the firms tiljoln each other, of the richest soil, well watered, nid admirably adapted for agricultural or dalry pur- poses. , , Also, . A very valuablo firm of 180 acres, at Bacchus Marsh, fronting the Lerderderg River, adjoining the Go- vernment township of Darley. * The quality of the laud Is too well known to require comment. The onys have been excellent, and the land having so extensive a frontago to tho Lerderderg JUver affords facilities for cultivation rarely mot with. The building« consist of large and commodious house c1 six rooms, with kltehon, kc, largo barn, six-stalled nuble, servants' dwelling, ka., with large and' v/ull ttocked garden attached, Torms liberal. For further particulars apply to tho auctioneers ; or to Messrs. Klingender, Charsley, and Liddle, BOllcltor«, Melbourne. THI8 DAY. COO Boxes Muscatel Baislns. 600 Half-Boxes Do. , . To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. - TSJ EASEY and Co. vrfUSELL'byAUCTION, y ¥ a at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Jonday, May 21, at cloven o'clock,- > '. ¿00 boxes Muscatel raisins , 100 naif-boxes do,- . Al) fine fini', nnd to be ECld. w THIS DAY. I 26 Tons Carolina Seed Rice. To Qrocera, Storekeepers, and Others. "TJtr EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, i Y Y s at their rooms, 83 Colltns- stroet west, on ' Monday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, 26 tons Carolina soed rico. j In good condition. Terms at Sale. | THIS DAY, I 200 Firkins D. R. Cork Butter. ' Guaranteed. . To Grocers, Stornkeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SEL-Ii by AUCTION, a at thoir rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Monday, May 21, at elovon o'clock, 200 Arkins D.R. Cork butter. ' Guaranteed. _Torms at Salo. THIS DAY. fiOhhd. Salt's Ale. 600 Caaca By ass's Stout 260 Do. Do. Alo. , Guaranteed. To Wino and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, . . « at their rooms, 33 Uollins-stroot west, on Monday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, 60hhd. Salt's alo 600 ciuos Bj ass's stout 260 do do alo. All guaranteed. And, To bo sold. Terms at Salo, THIS DAY. 260 Bags Fino Malt. To Browers, Storekeepers, and Others. "TOT EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, YY . at their rooms, 88 Collins- street west, on Moi day, May 21, at eleven o'clock, 260 bags fine malt. A fine parcel, _Terms at Sale._ THIS DAY. ISO Boxes Superior Sheopwash Tobacco, To Squattors, Tobatconlats, Storekeepers, and Others. W7 EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, Y Y . at their rooms, 33 Oolltns-stroet west, on Monday, May 21, at cloven o'clock, 130 boxes superior sheopwash tobacco. Torms at Salo. THIS DAY. 610 Bags Mauritius Sugars. Moro or Loss Damaged by Sea-water, And Sold for Account of Whom Concornod. To Grocors, Storekeepers, and Othors. W EASBY and Co. havo received instruc # tloiiB from thelmpoitcrstoSELL by AUC 11ON, at their rooms, Oollius-stroot, on Monday, May ¡ 1, at eleven o'clock, Slightly damaged, No. 3-31 bags Mauritius sugars 4-60 do do 6-06 dodo 8-87 do do 0-24 do do 13-24 do do 14-12 do do 20-0 do do 21-24 do do 22-10 dodo 26-20 do do. Much damagod, No. 3-26 bags Mauritius sugars 4-24 do do 6-20 do do 0-12 do do 26-10 do do And 40 bags washed out. More or less damaged by sea-water, And sold for tho benefit of whom It may concern, Terms at Salo. TUESDAY, MAY 22. . On tho Australian Wharf. 1,031 Deals, 0x8, best Red Baltic. 120 Do, 11 x 3, Do Do. To Timber Merchants, Contractors, and Othora. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, . on the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, May 2!i, at cloven o'clock, Ex Dorothea. 120 rod Billie deals, 11 x 8,14ft. 4S0 do, Ox 8,20ft. 30 do do, lort. 162 do do, lSft. 110 do do, 17tt. 320 do do, 10ft. 230 do do, 16ft. 464 do do, 14ft. 85 do do, 13ft. bl do du, 12ft. Tho nbovc are a very superior lot of deals, now n0, li g in fine condition. Terms Llboral. TUESDAY, MAY 22. " On the Railway Platform, Fllnders-stroot. 100 Bags Perennial Rye Grass. To Seedsuicn and Others. EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, \- a on the Rallwayi Platform, Flindora- streel, luosday, May 22, at elovon o'clock sharp, Ex Bucephalus, 100 bags perennial ryo gia Moro or loss damaged by sea-water, And sold for tho benefit of whom It may concern. Terms at S.ilo ' TUESDAY, MAY 22 15,000 Feet Fine Log Cedar. To Cabinotmakers, Tiinbor Merchants, and Othor«. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, . on tho Australian Wharf, on Tuesday. SI.vv w ff . on ino aubbruiiiui ii nari, un ¿uesuay, ai.vy 22, at elevon o'clock, 16,000 fcot Ano log cedar. A fine parcel. Terms Liboral. TIT BASE"* If ? from M AUCTION, atti TUESDAY, MAY 22. At tho Railway Station, Fllndersstroot. Prior to tho Salo of Deals on Wharf. 70,000 Fino Yellow Bricks. 20,000 Do Red Do. > Ex Jcdo. To Bulldera, Contractors, and Others. Wf EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, f f . at tbo Ballway Station, Fllnders- stroot, un Tuesday, May 22, at cloven o'clock Bharp, prior to tr.o salo on the Wharf, Ex Jcdo, from Rotterdam, 70,000 best yellow bricks 20,000 red do. No reservo. Terms at Sale. ' TUESDAY, MAY'ÍÍ ~~~ On the Ballway Platform, Prior to the Sales on tb>; Wharf. 26,000 Best Blue Bangor Slates, 22 x 12. 17,000 Do. l8 x 10. Best Wyatt'*. To Slaters, Buildors, Contractors, and Others. W EASBY and Co. have received instruction* o from Messrs. T. S. Martin and Co. to SKIt. by AUCTION, at the Railway Platform, Fll dun streot, on Tuesday, May 22, at oloven o'clock slurp, prior to tile sales on tho Wharf, Ex Gipsy Brido, 25,000 best Wyatt's blue Baagor slatos, 22 x 12 17,000 do do. 18x10. A splendid parcel, and will be sold without reservo _Terms Liberal. WEDNESDAY, MAY 23 750 Half-Barrels Kamos' Blasting Powder. 1,260 Quarter-Barrels Do Do. < 260 Half-Barrels Curtis and tlarvoy's Do. 800 Quarter Barrels Do Do. To Contractors, Ironmongers, and tho Trado. EASBY and Co. havo received instruction» i Messrs. E. F. Sichel und Co. to SEI.I, by t their rooms, Collins-street, on Wenn.s day, May 23, at oloven o'clock, 760 h,ilf-barrels Eames' blasting powdor 1,260 quarter-barrels do do 260 half-barrels Curtis and Ilarvoy's do do 800 quarter-barrels do do. The anovo powder Is all largo bright glazed, and no,v icady for dolivcry in tho hulk. As all the po» dar «hipped, oxcopt that per "Ohryiollte." has arrlv.i), the trado will not bo so likely to buy so much w advantage for a long timo to cjmo as thoy will on this occasion, TerraB Liberal, For SALE, Tho Bull and Mouth Hotel, Clunes, And Household Furnituro and Stock-in-Trado, Together with the Lyceum Thcatro a'ljilnlng. JAS. BRAWN has received instructions i> SELL by PRIVATE TREATY, This flrst-clais property, being onu of the oldest anil best hotels on Clunes, and which, since Its crea- tion, has secured one of tho best businesses in tint thriving locality. Tho buildings possess a frontago of 65ft, to the Maln-stroot. The hotel, willoh Is 40lt. by a depth »1° SOft ,1 ncludes, on the ground-floor, capacious bar, 23ft. hy loft, ; dlnlngrooin, 80ft. by 16ft. ; and two sitting- ' rooina. Beneath the bar la an excellent brick colhr, and upstairs there aro nine bedrooms. . The modern furniture and effects are lu good condi- tion, and will bo sold with the hotel, Atlheroarof the hotol Is a gotd roomy kitchen. In the yard there is an excellent soven- stalled stable, together with the necessary outbuildings appertiln. faur to a first-class hotel, Tho Lycoum Theatre, adjoining the Hotel, Is 00ft. hy 26ft., and Is fitted with every convenience for publia peiformarcos, including a flrst-rato grand pianofurn, which cost 70 guineas. Tho Thoatro will comfortably | hold 400 persons. The stock-In trado at a valuation. Jas. Brawn, in drawing attention to this valuablo property, bogs to state that this Is an Investment rarely to be mot with, as the property would not have hi cn in the market under any other circumstances than the proprietor's intention of, leaving tho colony at the earliest convenient period.' . The price la tempting and tho terms aro liberal, which may bo known on application to Mr. Luoktaft» the proprietor, on tho premisos: orto Jas. Brawn, auctioneer, ko., Creswick. THUBSDAY, MAY 81. RYAN and HAMMOND havo received in- ' structlons to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at .Norton's Hotel, Bourke-stieot west, on Thursday, May 81, at two O'clock, 1 ho well-known fattening run, ST.'GERMAINS, v,ilh about 2,000 head of first-class cattle; and 30 It'ocrmalnB Is sltuato on tho'Lower Goulburn Bivir, about 20 milos from Maiden's Punt. It has about 10 miles' river frontago, . »nd contains about to OC0 acres of plainB and opon box forest country. 1 ho Improvements aro vory completo, and tho home- stead la situated upon 820 acres .'of purchased land. Cuiik returns may bo anticipated, is a largo nuuibor' of tho cattle will be fit for »alo during the ensuing v'ntirni'il'irlr c. ; . ¿w urifc»»¿>*lj ¿< -eu.!;, t'.ici. vvci>t. t THIS DAY. Finest Olive Oil. T> P. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC ÀUC JL &j;« TI ON, at tho rooms, Queon- streot, on UoniLav _ay 21, at cloven o'clock, 20quartor-cask8best Qallpoli olivo oil. " THIS DAY. * Galvanized Iron Tiles, Light Gaugo. SP. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC . TION, at tho rooms, Quoen-strcot, on Mou _. Muy 21, at cloven o'clock, 20 casos Morowood'a galvanized iron tilca 23 _gauge, in tho finest order. " THIS DAY. ~" Ex ensivo Salo of tbo Chief Portion of tho Cargo ex John Duncan, from London. On Account of Whom It May Concern. By Order of tho Consignees. T> P. STUBBS lins received instructions to ill« SELL hy PUDLIO AUCTION, at the Rail vivy flatform, Sponoer-stroet, on Monday, May 21, at t It von o'clock, The chief poitlon of .cargo ex John Duncan from I ondon, consisting of 100 easki BynSB's portor ' Oats Candles ' Oilmen'sstoros , ' 'Ihrco bushel bogs nnd sacks Soap 260 bags malt 10 casks soda crystals 300 bartels pitch Spirits Deals Matches, &o.; Full particulars in Monday's issue. Terms-Cash. R THIS DAY. Boss's Bottled Ale. . P. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC _;« TION, on tho Railway riatform, Sponcor ot, on Monday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, CO coi on, each i elozon. Bass's alo. _ Torn» at Sale. WEDNESDAY, MAY 23. ~ Txlcnslvo Sale of Fiuit and Forost Trees, Shrub} Flow ora. Magnificent Collection of Roses. rroru Mr. Sawyer'« well-known Albion Nursery, Proston. RP. STUBBS has received instructions from s Mr. Sawyer to SELL, at the rooms, Quorn muet, nu Weebun Jay, May 23, at elovon o'clock, 'Hie following choleo collection of fruit-trees, foreit tiecM, shrubs, roses, &&, comprising Fi ult ti ces. Apples Apricots Boars Walnuts Pluui3 ' Vinos Clu-rrlcs Figs, _c. Peaches From two to four yoars old. Cypresses I Willows Scotch pines Murray pinol Poplars | White codais And, A beautiful selection of roses, for willoh Mr. Sawyer is so famed, having latoly .gained several Tri-os. Specimens of tho rosoa to bo soon on tho day of i ale. TH~I3~DAY] Pawnbroker's Unrcdoomcd Pledges. . VT KINSMAN will SELL by AUCTION, at 1^1 » lil« mart, 3 Moor-street, Fitzroy, on Monday, Cay 21, All pledges left with Mr. John Q lodrleh before tho 18th February, 1SO0, consisting of Wearing apparel, instruments, firearms,furniture, tools wntcho?, clock-), and a vtrloty of jewel- lery in cold and silver. Solo at two o'clock by N. Kinsman, auctioneer. ' THIS DAY. ' Freoholds. Oxford-stroot, Collingwood. N KINSMAN lins received instructions to s HELL by AUCTION, on tho promises. Oxford Blreet, bttnocn Btanloy and Peri sticets, on Mond ty, May 21, Tbo following vnluablo properties : Lot 1. A four-roomed weatherboard cottogo, with Uuil, 33f t. frontage to Oxford-street, by liOft. deep, Lot 2. An allotment of land, having a frontage of 33it- to Littlo Oxford-street, by 41ft deep. Till- good. Terms-naif cash, and threo months'. Salo at twelve o'clock by N. Kinsman, auctioneer. MONDAY, MAY 28. TO bo RESOLD by AUCTION, by N. KINS | MAN, undor tho Decree in tho causo of Donnelly i;_tcimcH and others, and pursuant to the order of Ins Honour Mr. Justice Barry, dated the third day of Mnylnit,on the premises, on Monday, the S8th day of May, at tho hour of two o'clock In tho after noon, All lhatvaluablo proporty known aa tho Prlnco Al- beit Hotel, situate in Littlo Argylu-streot, Col- lingwood, being Lots 5 and 0 of Suburban Section 82, in tho county of Bourke, and palish of Jika Jika. Tbo hotel is built with bluestono in a substantial n.anncr, and conmina 11 good-sized, well-flniahod looma, and has a froutago to Littlo" Argylo-street of ittt,, inclmivc of a privat o paisago at tbo sido thereof of about 4ft. v. Ido, and including tho yard a depth ot 121ft. Thoro Is nHo stabling for 12 horses, and a I ight-of-« ay adjoins the promises on tho east. Terms-Half cash, the balanco within 21 dayr. Tarticulurs as to tltlo and conditions of salqtobc had from Charles Fau'sot, 41 Swanston-ttrcct, Melbourne, illicit fo the plninllil'; and from tho auctioneer. ~ TUESDAY, MAY 22. At Olio o'clock. Absolute and Important Sale by Public Auction, on tho Ground. Steam Quartz-Crushing Machinery, Plant, Freehold Land, & o , at Maldon. To Quartz-Reefers, Land Speculators, Capitalists, and Parties in ipiestof Fi.-st-class Building tites In the Town of Maldon. EICIIARDS and CAREY havo received posi- tivo instructions to SELL by PUIILIOAUC ,.v,f, on the «round, on Tuosday, May 22, at ono o'clock, And without resorte, .lio whole of that valuablo steam quartz crushing plant belonging to Mr. O. B. Edwards ; also, tho allotment of land on which it is situated-viz. Allotment 1, tedien 10, Maldon. 'J ho machinery coinprlt>es 16-horso power steam-engine, with tubular boilor, by P. N. Russell and Co.; three pairs Chilian mills, almost new, and on tho improved prin- ciple; tuginc house, offlco, kilns for burning quartz, a large dam capable of containing suBl eicnt water to supply tha machinery tho wholo yoar ; forgo, touls, frame*, and a quantity of «para m-ihlncry. The plant Is in adirirablo working order, and tho extensive amount of husillos hitherto dono by the 11 ciprio tura Is sufficient to recommend it osaflrsv eluts speculation, were it not known and proved to tho satisfaction of all reefers in the neighbourhood to | loduce and save moro fino gold from tne quartz than Miy other plant in the surrounding district. Freehold Proporty. Biing Allotment 1,Section 10, Maldon, parish of Tur l angowor, containing one acre, is situated in tho heart of tho town, on tho corner of High-street and Francis street, fronting the Market-square, and on the direct Castlemaine and Carisbrook road ; and will bo sold in ono lot, or subdivided Into five lots, with frontages to High-street, leav ing one lot fronting Francis-street, Mitti ampio room fur tho machinery and without at nil inter- fering with tho prosent plant. Tho land boing lu the best business position in tho town, requires no comment, besides the corners offering an unmis takablo valuablo site fur a publio-houso. The weekly increasing escort returns, and the high pi lees for which shoros in all Tarrangower public quartz-reefing companies aro now rating at in comparison with thoso in other distilet», cannot fail to point out the now rapidly-rising town o( Mulgon aa ono of the future most wealthy and prosperous inland towns of Victoria. It. and C. would merely nllud') to tho tact that tholr iiiktruct ions arc absolute", being to effect a salo at all buzuidK, and quito rcgiirdiesa of roscrto. Terms at sale. Title, Crown Grant. THIS DAY. At Elovcn o'clock. At tho Residence of Dr. Boniiutl, 40 Klug William Btroet, Carlton gardens. Handsome Household Furniture. Nearly Now and Beautifully-tlnisucd Gig. To Purtles Furnishing, Dealers, and tho Medical Profosolou. MU. JAMES PRINCE lum received instruc- tions fro.i Dr. Bennett (WHO has removed into the country) to BELL by AUCTION, on tho promises, at «lev cn o'clock, All hia handsome and useful furniture, small library, of clasiical and other booka, comprising as under : - Dinlugrooni. Large dlnlng-taWo, hair-boated chairs, ehilTounlore, dinner service, white und gold bieakf-iit an- tea ecrvlco, sofa, carpet, rug, And A small library of booka. Drawlngroom. A beautiful suite, in walnutwood, comprising couch, easy-chair, 6 othor chairs, and window hangings, all to match and covered in figured damask ; 1 walnutwood piano, hy 6todd-rt, of London, Bodrooms. Iron beditood, superior boddlng, chest« of drawee by Thwaites, of London ; cedar washst-nda and services, a few drugs, syringes, 20 gross bottles, And Kitchen utensils. The bouso to let ; a desirable situation for a medical gentleman or ladles' somlnary. .Further particulars apply to Mr. James Prince, 134 Bl cor-atrcet._ WEDNESDAY, MAY 23. At Three o'clock. Eight Working-Bull /ck», Yoke«, Town-made Dray. At Curton's (Carriers1) Stnblea, Ulccstoristroet, near LIfcht'B Mills, Elizabeth-street, Holbourne. MR. JAMES PRINCE has-reccived instruc- tions to 8É.LL by AUOTION, at Curton's yard., oinceday, May 23, at throo o'clock, A flrbt-raio team of eight bullocks, in tip-top con- dition, good working order, and Just utr Uli roads. A town-mode dray aud yokes complete, Wllho.it reserve. James Princo, auctioneer, 134 Moor-Btroet, Flteroy BEAR'S HOUSE MARKET. Auctioneers' Notice. THE undersigned having taken the above old established sale-yards, »tabling, and premises, I at to inform tbe public that from and after this datd Ile BUSINESS will.be PARRIED ON by them undi. the style or firm of "Purcell and Keighran." BRABAZON PURCELL. PATK. J. KEIGHRAN. J-tlbvi_i.c,-l-y J, .eis THIS DAY. « At tho Old Ballway Shed, Fllndora-stroct. . 600 Boga White Irish Oats, 81lghtly Damaged, Ex Bucophalus. For tho Benoflt of iVliora It May Concern. To Hay and Corn Merchants, Livery-stable Kconors, and Others. O KEIG and MURRAY aro favoured with in- structions from tho importers, Messrs. Bright Brothers and Co., to SELL by AUOTION.atthoOUl Ballway Shod, Ftlndors stroot, on Monday, May 21, at elov on o'clock sharp. Ex Bucephalus, WL, In diamond, 500 bags whito Irish oats, all more or loss damaged by Boa-water, in 4-busbol sacks. Sold for tho benefit of whom it may concora. No reservo. Terms-cash. Observe-Monday, May 21, at eleven o'clock Bharp. j THIS BAY'. I At Eluven o'clock. At tho Australian Wharf, near tho Fourth Shed. 70 Tons (moro or less) English Railway or Foundry Coko. Ex Gipsy Bride. To Engineers, Ironfounders, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are favoured with in- structlons from the importers, Messrs. Bright Brothers and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, on the Aus- tralian Wharf, near the Fourth Shed, on Monday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, Immediately after the sale at the Railway Shed, Ex Gipsy Bride, 70 tons (more or less) English railway or foundry coke. No rcsorvo. Terms at sale. Observo-Australian Wharf, on Monday, May 21, at cloven o'clock, immediately aftor tho Balo at Railway fhed. TUESDAY, MAY 22. 162 Bags Primo Whito IrlBh Oats. For Unreserved Bale. To Corn Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY aro favoured "with in- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, on Tuesday, May 22, at twolvo o'clock, 102 bags primo white Irish oats. No rcsorvo. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, MAY 22. 50 Firkins Prims Now Double Rcso Coik Butter. For Unresorved Silo. To Grocers, Storckeopors, Provision Merchants, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY aro favoured with in- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, May 22, at twelve o'clock, G. S. k Co. fir kins primo now D. R. Cork butter. A guaranteed sample No roserve. Terms at Salo. TUESDAY, MAY 22. 120 Bags Hayes's Black Oats. To Corn Dealers, Storekeepers, Grocers, and Others. f^\ REIG and MURRAY havo received instruc XJT lions to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, on Tuesday, May 22, at twolvo o'clock, 120 bags Ha) cs's black oats. In prime sample and in Uno condition. No reservo. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, MAY 22. Ex Bucophalus. 160 Boxes Belmont Candios. Moro or Less Damaged. To Grocers, Storokocpors, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received in- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms on Tuesday, May 22, at twolve o'clock, Ex Bucophalus, 160 boxes Belmont canules, Slightly damaged. "Without TUESDAY, MAY 22. 100 Boxes Belmont Candles, in cartoons. To Grocors, StorokoopurB, and Olhors. GREIG and MURRAY havo received in- structions to SELL by AUCTION, al their rooms, on Tuosday, May 22, at twolvo o'olock, 100 boxos Belmont candles. Without reservo. Terms at Sale._ TUESDAY, MAY 22. Important Salo of Oilmen's Stores. Moro or Leas Damaged by Sea-water. To| Gtocors, Storekeepers, Provision Merchants, and Others. For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern, f*\ RBIG and MURRAY have received instruo \Jf tiona from the Importers to SELL hy AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, May 22, at twolvo o'clock, 260 cases oilmen's stores, Moro or loss damaged by sea-water. No rcsorvo. Terms-cash. Full particulars prior to sale. _ TUESDAY, MAY 22 60 Bendigo Enterprlzo Steam Puddling Company's Shares. To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY aro instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, on Tuesday, Ma) 2z, at twclvo o'clock, Tho first lot for salo on that day, 60 Bendigo Enterprlzo Steam Puddling Company's shares, £3 each paid up. No reserve. Terms-Cash._ TUESDAY, MAY 22. For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. Ex Bucephalus, from Llvorpool. 7 Bales Mothuen Duck. 7 Bales Mothuen Duck. Heavy and Light Bear Duck. To Tontniakors, Storokoopors, and Othors. G UKI G and MURRAY are instructed by tho importers to SELL b) AUCTION, at tholr rooms, on Tuesday, Mny 22, at t« elvo o'clock, Ex Bucophalus, T A ivor M, Boc. 421-1 bale 10 pUoes 30ln, Mothuen duck, 701 yards 422-1 do do, do 424-1 do do heavy Bear duck, 000 yards 456-1 do do, do 420-ldo do, do 428-1 do du, Ü05 yards 420-1 do 12 pieces 60in. light Bear duck, 73> ) ardB. More or loss damaged by sea-water. Sold for account of whom It may concern, , No reserve. _ Terms-Cash. TUESDAY, MAY 22. " I Ex A. B. Thompson. ' 160 Cases Wotherspoon's Jams, lu lib. Tins and lib. Jars. Sold for the Benefit ol Whom It May Concern, lo Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others GREIG and MURRAY aro instructed by tho Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, May 22, at tvv olvo o'clock, Ii, P in diamond, M, Bec. 181 280-100 cases Wothorspoon's jims, each 8 lib. jars danscn jam, 1 gooseberry, 0 black outrant, 3 raspberry, 8 red currant 281-820-40 do, coch 2 lib. tins strawberry, 3 raspberry, 6 black currant, 3 red currant, U Gooseberry, 5 damson 3Í7-830-4 do, eaih 2 lib. tlnB, strawborr) Jam, 4 raspberry, 6 black currant, 4 red currant, 4 gooseberry, 6 damson. All fault», No reserve. _Terms-Cash. ' TUE8DAY, MAY 22 Cliceso, Sordines, Jordan Almonds, Herrings, Biscuits, Havannah Cigar« (gtnulno), &c; To GrocorB, Storekeepers, Provision Merchants, and Others. &UEIG; and MURRAY aro instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, on Tuesday, Dry 22, at twolvo o'clock, 26 casca chcoao 2 do tardlneB, half tins 0 do do, quarter-tins 4 cask» biscuits 60 half-barrels honlngs 60 firkins do 80 boxes Jordin almonds 1 caso Havannah cigars, gnarantccd genuino b doren colonial blacking, in tins. Also, 1 Avery'« weighlng-machlno, now and complote, to weigh 8cwt Terms at Sale TUESDAY, MAY 22. 7 CascB York Hams. 10 Casks Ktugan's Bacon. To Crocus, Storekeepers. Provision Merchants, anj Othors. GREIG and MURRAY aro instructed hy the importers to SELL by AUOTION, at tholr rooms, on Tuesday, May 22, at twelve o'clock, 7 casts York hams 10 catka Klngan's bacon. To close accounts, Terms at Balo._ TUESDAY, MAY 22. Btont, Ale, Geneva, Whole and Half Cases, Bulk Ale, &c.; To Wiue and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY aro instructed hy tho importo« to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, on TucBday, May 22, at twelve o'clock, 200 coses geneva 400 half-cases do 100 casks stout 160 eales do 100 casks ale 20hhd ale, ¿co. The above are all landed In fine order, and, will bo sold in lots to suit purchasers. Terms at Salo,_ "~~ WEDNESDAY, MAY 2i. > 20 Tons Corrugated Galvanized Iron, Various Steo* and Gauges. Moro or Less Damaged by Sea-water. To Itonmongors, Contractors, and Others, For tho Benefit of Whom it May Concern. GREIG and MURRAY aro favoured with in sttuctlon8 from tho Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, on Wednesday, Moy ii, About 20 tons (moro or Us-), corrugated galva- nized iron, various size» und gauges. Moro or loss damaged by su^-watcr. Sold for tho benefit of whom it may concern. No ro.trvo. Terms at Sale."___ STATIONS for 8»LE. TX7ILLIAM UURSTwill SELL hy AUCTION', YY hi Juno, unless provioudy dis) osid of private!) lollo« lug stations : 8 cattlo stations in New South Wales 2 do in Victoria, and, 1 >hci| tuition in Vittoria. ImthirpartiiuluiRnstoiiuto of sale, 4c, will o| liiili n iutiirr ¡idinil-ni u ? owl ""')' be lind oa .lli.lUlll-»viM. ,|l»«l.i.u.il »lit THIS DAY. Ml Heavy Draught and Coaching Colts and hu. M'OAW and ANOTHER haT?* . voured with Instruction» fíen. M_° ^ ' Hi other*, of Gipps Land, to ivi rT M.CS9rs M'L> tie Royal Horse ¿iznar, on ÖAUCTI0¿? twelve o'clock, - * " Mon 35 splondld colts aud lillies in tin ("" ' I fit for dray, »»..o^gggg, »W* TUESDAY, MAY~_2-~\ M Parish of Mickleham, near DonuÄk' "tb' M'OAW and ANOTHER hrl ? I _ . instructions from the oxoTif r(ioeH above estate to SELL by AUCTION^T«.1" H lately oceupied by J. Willlama, ¿3,?" thc flr« -t.dday, Moy 22., at twelve o'clock^'' Km" W , -0 very sunorlor milch cows " \- head mixed a pong cattlo (milkers' ral,. i ¡ all very wen bred tT""»« cnh.es),,,, , 1 very fino puro-bred Durham bull , 1 draught colt 1 very usorul saddlo liorso ' j O pigs 8 working-bullocks in first-rate connut» I I dray, "a, complote condition, »ltJ j A largo quantity of forming lmnlT»"i other sundries too numcreSu,SÍ&S;' 1 Torms at salo. ymmiinn. No Re-sorvo, i TUESDAY, MAY ... CaiTlago Colts and Oharcora ? Bo-nar, on Tuesday, May 22. aUvíelvo "'effl Ho,J 40 very btrong, upstanding, well bred & , . adapted for carriage or chargonV. ' *'' TUESDAY, MAY 22. Colts, Draught Colts. ? MM'CAW and ANOTHER have receivcelinl . ttiuctions from Messrs W-ttn ii»a I Western Poit, to SELL by AUCTION st iW'"l Horse, B_-a,,, on Tuesday,^^atIwlïoA 1 d't'onP S °0lls' in' "P-4 «o TUESDAY, MAY 22. Worklng-Bulloeks. ' M M'OAW and ANOTHER will SELL I . AUCTION, at tho Royal Horse Ä ay, May 22, at twolvo o'clock, ' '? ltoaenor8worklng-bullooks, in good conilitloJ _with dray, bows, yokoa, &c.;, complote. 1 WEDNESDAY, MAY 23. Annual Salo of Draught Colts M M'OAW and ANOTHER have been f» . tourodwith Instructiona from J.a Ali... . . Goulbuin, to SELL by AUOT10N » fíj Royal Horeo Bazaar, on Wodr.osday, May23 »ti». J o'clock, ' '"'"T«j 30 inognlfioont cart colts, In splondld condition Mr. Ailkon's colts aro so woll known In tho ij 1er tho last four years, that comment is nuuW nccesaary. 'lummn.-, WEDNESDAY. MAY 23. id Spirit Merchants, Innk Others. Deop Crook, near Moiton. Tho Bon Novh Hotel. Togothor avith 1G7 Aeres Choleo Agricultural Land. In re Ewen M'Ktnnon. By Order of R. E. Jacomb, Esq., uiilclal Asilgii«. A I FRED BLISS lias been instmcted i,_ J\ i EEL by PUBLIC AUC DION, on tho preml, I tEoTsen Nevis Hotel, on Wednesday, May îïïtm! c'clocK. ^ All that ploco or pared of land, being portion til Section I, Parish of Djerriwarrh, frontil» tb J Ballarat-! oad, and containing , ? , lt7 Aorosof Rich Farming Land, Togothor with tho Bon Nevis noted, stubbs, and outbuildings The hotel Is avery neat building, woll-arranted a.« substantially built, and bolng on the malu Baluru road, botwoen Melton nnd Bacchus Marsh, Is »du.. raMy positionod to oomraxnd a llnt-rato busmen Oho coaches pass the door, and tho Btabllng accoai-J dation is first-rate. ! Terms Declared at Sale. WEDNESDAY, MAY 23, Deep Creek. Hoir Melton and Bacchus Marsh, and on the mm! Ballarat-road. To Ca utallsts, Farmors, Publicans, ami Others Tho Bon Noviä Hotel, - And 717a. 3r. ISp. or magnifjeont Agricultural Land, Subdividod in Farms. Also, Farmhouso and Outbuildings, Horses, Farming Iinplomcnts, Household Furnltun For Positive and Unresorrod Sale. By Order of R. E. Jacomb, Esq., Official Assignee in tho Insolvont Estate of Em M'Kinnon. âLPRED BLISS lias been favoured mth in- structions from R. E. Jacomb, Esq., OU jrnoo in ro Ewen M'Kinnon, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises knosvn as tho Sen Ker.i Hotel, about three milos from Moiton, and on lb main Ballarat.road, on Wednosday, May 23, at tml»| o'clock, 717a. 8r. 13p. of land, boing Allotments Aanl Bet Boction 1, parlBh of Djerriwarrh, county ofBourSt, and subdivided as under : Loti, 23 Acres of Land, hounded in front by the main road folding fn'i Melbourne to Bacchus Marah and Ballarat, t wholo boing fonce d in with a posUnd-rall ferA nnd under tho plough. Lot 2, Containing 107 ocres, (moro or ICBS.) fronting tho Ballarat-roid,... rounded by a post-and-rall fonco, tho major portion, ot tho land being quito olear of timber and reaar for tho plough, on which is or¿cted thal motin tlolly-built and commodious roadside hoslelij, known as tbo . BEN NEVIS HOTEL, coach-houBc, and stables. Lot 3, 114a. lr. 14p, (moro or loss,) on tho main Ballarat-road. tal; tho whole Is foncod in, and includes 831 «rall cultivation. Lot 4, 100 acres, (moro or loss,) bounded on tho north-wcit by M 8, on the cast by a Government road, lesdrj from the main Ballarat-road, on the south if Lot 6, aud on the west by the Djerriwarrh Ctod. 03 acres aro In cultivation, and sittolantisEr fenced. Tho HOMESTEAD, consisting of a cottago, and oxcollont stow ban, Tarions outbuildings, gardens, ko, Is situated on tbi lot. Tricro aro wator pipes laid down, extending freo the creek to tho rear ol' tho promises, Lot 5, Containing 247a. lr, SOp., (moro or loss,) bounded on tho north by Lot i, 01 the oast by a post-and-rail fence, boundingIbe proptrty of Simon Staughton, Ksq, and on ibi south-west hy tho Woirlbco Hlvor and the Djerriwarrh Creek. After which, Tho hotel furniture, fitting», Ac. Bay maro Nanny Groy gelding Thrashing, mowing, and roaping machlrcs Incubators, and sundry hollowwaro, ko. Of A plan, showing tho improvements on each lot, DI; bo seon at the offices of tho auctioneer, 10 Collis streot west. Title perfect. Terras doclured r> . sale. N.B. To bo sold on tho premisos, near Melton, ia Wednesday, Moy 23, at twolve o'clock. WEDNESDAY, MAY 30. Devonshire Hotel, Brighton. Furniture, Fittings, Stock, ¿te. Billiard-Table, by Thurston, complota , Two 1'lanos, Glut aware, Plated Ware, le Horse, Dogcart, and Harness. To bo Positively Sold. In Lota to Suit Purchasers. By Order of Mr. William Roso, tho Landlord, Incon- sequence of his Retiring from tho Business. A LFRED BLISS has Leen favoured with ¡n J\ ttructlona from Mr. William Rose to SELLby fuBLIC AUCTION, on tho premises, the Davon** Until, Bsy-Btroot, Brighton, on Wednesday, li») ». at de ren o'clock, 31ic whole of the vor)- suporlnr Furniture and Effects now in and upon the Devon hire Hotel, eompuOT fun hhed In ovory paitloular throughout. In p* titular ir.av bo notid- . A huiidsomocbiironnloro bookoaso, willi glassfrcai Mahogany CIICBIB uf drawers I ron bedBteads and bedding Carpeting, oililotbs, kc. Also, Tho bar-fittings, stock, ice-chest, se. Platt d ware, elassvvaro, chimvwe ' Books, ingiavlngs, paintings, &C;, Cottage piano, hy Mott f quaro do, hy Broadwood and 80ns A TtiursUm's billiard table, complets («*»«»' ledsed to bo ono of the vory best In n» A 110*?, "some case of atufTcd nativo birds, embus- ing every kind in the oolorJcB. lu pigs Fow is and duoks l'aient ohalfcultlng machine * Horse, colonial-built dogout, and harnell Dray s and barneto. After whtob, _".,,AI A quantity of bricks and othor building rmm The particular attontlon or hotolkooporfl udF; sons fumbhlng Is directed to thta important ana un- real ive d sale. v "i Tho furnlturo is oi vory substantial w» » flnfcb. nuil cotnprlscB all tho requisites or» W* v ell-appointed, aud tastefully-furnished »J|«r frmlly ¿ml commercial hotol, and will be lUWlt««» It te to suit purchasers. . _-,u.ui Catalogues aro now In courso of preparsMoa, >» ma) bo obtained a fow daya prior to the »«'" ' hi til. Htighionj also at tbo oflioes 0! the auctioneer, "('CclllllS-StrOCt WCSt , n-mniUm N.B - S.lo takts place on the H<>»U^Ä lote), Bay-stroet, lirighton, on Wedncsdayi W* Terms-Cash._ ¿r\ vu. fur. «i WEDNESDAY, MAY 28. Elsternwick. Furniture, Poultry, and.GoH«. WALSTAB has been favoured wtà ¡MW" ... tionB.to SELL by AUCTION, on W«M»>'I' kay 23, at ono o'clock in tho afternoon, abo fun ituro and effects of a gentleman¿ l.usekceplug),at bia residence,AM nciv» »ick, 011 the westside of the BHgïvj'iw'iv 110 realdmces ot Messrs. Hines and Agît » 'g rarlour rurnlture, liañdsomo bddfoom¡lo, W*jJ I u'ehsifs. itc, some fino poultry, «o í1»" I full milk. , .,. aa, I Ca.l.fcU., 1, be bil at -Le »lid»««-''""M ti CiJUba-kktet and 40 Temple court. 