TiiEitis will, be «u attempt next session to rush the Treasury for an nssistcdimmigra gration grant. There arc signs and tokens that the reactionists have in contemplation an immediate renewal of this pet project ; and it concerns a tax-paying public who do not want an addition to the pauperism of the country, and the establishment, necessi tated thereby, of a pauper relief system on the old world pattern, to look sharp to the (Ming u]) oi' vacant seats, vacant now or in prospective, in the Assembly. Squattcrdom and its friends arc rather too strong already in the Legislature without allowing them to get it altogether into their hands. We want immigration indeed, but of tho kind that would be a help, not of the kind that would be a burden. Things of quite an opposite nature arc very often classed under tho same name ; naturalists, for example, designate, if we mistake not, under the one appellation, wheat and couch-grnss — that is, the plant which gives us bread, and the mischievous weed which interferes with the fertility of our fields. And in like manner there are two very different varieties of immigration — that of the man of self-reliance and a cer tain amount of capital, and that of the assisted immigrant who would come at the public expense, and would need afterwards to be supported in the same way. By making the country attractive as a field of industry, we could have drawn here, as with a magnet, a multitude' of the former class, mmually leaving Europe in quest of new homes. And it is the very persons who have placed and continue to place hindrances in the way of our doing this, who are- now wanting us to pay the passage money of the thriftless, penniless, helpless class, in the hope that an overstocked labor market would so beat '.down wages as to fill their pockets, indifferent to fact that the pub lic, out of its pocket, has to support superabundant labor. We have not, thanks to those gentlemen's persis tent obstruction, legitimate opportu nities of employing all the people at present in the country ; and so we are obliged to resort to public works on a scale vastly in excess of the present natural oc casion for them. And even this, as we know, does not always suffice. Periodically there is a cry of distress requiring additional Trea sury contributions — express and undisguised grants in reliof — sometimes expended for lack of other investment in works of a purely unproductive character. We cannot forget the notable project for levelling Batman's Hill on an occasion of this sort a couple of years ago. In a word, to serve the greed of the monopolists — to save their runs from in vasion — the bulk of the labor in the country, after deducting that occupied on the diggings, is flung ... on the resources of the Trea sury for employment. And now those same individuals for whose benefit the country has been used up like a squeezed orange — have the exceeding modesty to ask us to import a fresh supply of labor to in crease our burden. Rather cool audacity — but ' give some people an inch and they are ?' sure to look for an ell!' Let legislation instead of being a sham prove a reality — lot it make the country in some sort what it ought to bfe — let it, as it can, set plough, loom, and anvil busy side by side ; and then we shall have our present massua of Inhor wholesomely and reproductivcly occupied. Then and not till then we will require more, and it will come too, of itself and of the right kind. It will come, because there will be the inducement. This is the era of emigration, and we can have once more our full share, if we only bid for it properly — that is by those natural means which hold good as a magnet, all the world over — not by ricketty, paralytic, arti ficial devices. Never, since the days of the Goth and the Hun — never, since Danish galley or Arab courser carried those grim colonists whose swords were their first ploughshares — has there been such move ment of populations as in the present day. The closely-packed cities and overcrowded rural districts of Europe are sending forth their multitudinous swarms — the poorer por tion necessarily — to the shores beyond the Atlantic : the thousands of superior means and intelligence also, who would prefer the purer and more congenial climate and auri ferous attractions of this continent, if it pre sented equal opportunities for industry and enterprise. Even in the most impoverished quarters of the United Kingdom there are numbers of small capitalists who would gladly convey themselves here if we only offered remunerative scope for agriculture and handicraft. The records of the Irish Encumbered Estates Court furnish proof, for instance, of the multitude of persons — in the poorest of the three countries — anxious and able to become yeomen proprietors. Seven estates, for example, -were broken up into 2094 lots; and »f £10,430,401 realised by sales in that court, the sum of £8,C50,8o3 was from the pockets of native purchasers. And when there is, as we see by this fact, so much cash ready for investment, and with so large a proportion in the hands of the purely industrial population, in Ireland, how much more must there not be in England and bcotland r live deposits ot the work ing-classes in the Savings Banks of the United Kingdom at the end of 1857 amounted to £1,341,752 — artisans 'in the towns furnishing the largest portion. Now, instead of sending to workhouse overseers — as some of our patriotic advisers would have us do — to ship us, liko bales of merchandise rejected in the home mar ket, precisely the most hopeless and de moralised individuals in their charge — those they would be most anxious to part with — let us get out the enterprising .working men, who have deposits in the Savings Banks and capital for small invest ments — who would be the bone and sinew of a young nation, by that intelligence and industry which they have made succeed amid the manifold obstacles of an old country, and which of course would, in a multiplied degree, be productive in a new one. But to effect this we must give Vic toria the characteristics and opportunities of a new country, which she at present has not, though only a generation old. We rmist enable Victoria of to-day to exhibit induce ments for the worker not to be found in the United Kingdom— we must enable Mel bourne (o tempt him by advmitage.s which he cannot find in London or Glasgow or Dublin. Otherwise he will remain there. He will not transport himself across the ocean only to find tho old world, with its narrow opportunities, its straits and difficul ties, -over again. To draw such valuable immigration we fought for a good Land Bill —-one about whose benefits there could be no mistake — which would redeem our cha racter in the eyes of the sturdy classes whose emigration has raised the United States in half a century from a strip of seaboard to a colossal empire. And for this same end we now seek to establish protection to give room for the investments of the manufacturer and the employment of the artizan. And until these things ar« placed on an honest — not a sham — footing, we can have no perceptible access of population which will not be a burden. The silly idea of dispatching lecturers to 'tout' for immigrants — to 'palaver' the working classes with rose-colored descrip tions of a prosperity which docs not exist — of advantages which our legislators take care to keep in cloud-land — will not .tell. Such shallow artificial scheme — such puf fery on the ' George Rodixs' advertising model — would be contradicted and set at nought by ten thousand letters in every mail from Ilobsou's Bay. In this era of speedy communication and diffused and quickened intelligence, the working classes arc not children; and they are certain enough to choose with eyes open between the reliable information of friends and rela tives and the rhetorical persuasions of hired panegyrists- ?' to order. In a word, if avc want the immigrant, let us set our faces against artifice and quackery, and adopt the honest and natural means, and we will then have him. in any abundance and of the right stamp. 