HIGIIG WATER AT LAUNCESTON. Friday, Sh. 4m. a.m.; 3h. 17m. p.m. Saturday, 3h. 31m. a.m.; 3h. 45m. p.m. Moan, lIt quarter lst of March, at 5h. 43m. 2S8. am. MISCELLANEOUS. T'he bark Pharamond, from London, Captain Phillips, is coming up the river under canvass. She brings a general cargo, and is contigned to ttlessrs. Do Crnz & Co. aHobart "Town.--Passenger per bark Iedia, from Foo.Chow.Pno-,Mr J tirown. Per brig Emma Prescott. from Melbourne-SItrand Mrs Bennett. Tie bark India arrived from China yesterday, after ita passage of S days from Foo Chow.Foo, afoleapassagea s days ttn Ide uChetr an being the quickest passage on record. Tire India brings nearly 5p00 packages of tenasns cargo, and a tarn Mandarin orange trees in fual bearing, a number of Java sparrows, a turtle, a moose deer, and a quantity ofcuriously taraed China wood work for friends of rite owners. Captain Harries reports a Danish ship far Sydney, with Chinese Immigrants, eli' Christmas Island, on the 2[st:January (3rd pennant 513). A report had reached Foa Choa loo that the Champion ofthe Seas, for London, was loast. and of the los, of another large ship. homewnard bound, In the 'rata shoals. Small tessels tIa charter in great demand. T'he Kate, brig, for Launceston and Geelong, shortly expected to sall.-MMercury. There has been an experimental trial at Blackwal of the indestructihle flatring ligihts invented by Mr. Ferdinand Silts. The exhi. bitien nook place et the special request oflie Earl o Shelburne and Mr. rhamas haring. "J.1., lPresident of she Iloynl National Life. boat. inastitution, the committee of which was represented on the occasiato by Admiral l'Hardyand Captain F. it. Ward. Tie evertm lig was a very favorable one, inasmuch as the atmosphere was dark, so as to alford full scope for the lighting apparatus, while the weather was mild enough to enable the spectators to observe everythingealmiy anddeliberately. At sia o'clock two boats, bearing iMr. Silas anti a faw othar gentleman on board, were rowed ta ahe other aide or the 'Thomes, their course heing clearly Indicated by the telegraphic lamp origi. eating wih the same inventor. When the boats had neared the southern shore tihe lights were cast overboard, and lowed from the lern, and, though they were continually immersed in the water, they burnt with almost uninterruptad brilliancy till the boAts had returned Int IIlnek. wall-plir. Some metallic tubes filled with the phosphoric substance in a lighted state, but without the fldeats, were afterwards thrown into the river ?ithin asfew yards of the pier, where. after sinking to Ihe bottom in about 12 Feet of water. they instantly shat up to the surface sec. .esslnejetseflight, which continued to sprklue and to ilcumine surrounding objects for a con. slderable period. The experiments, if nut per. fectly satisfactory as regards the mechanical compleleness orthe apparatus, which requires time and care, 'wrd erceedingly interestlig. and seemed s produce an general impressirn that ere long this marelilous invention will prove of gfteat practical importance to mariners and shipowners. The most obviaus and imme diate use to which these noeal ligrts may he nurt ha that of enabling lifeboats which are supplied with them to approach wrecks on a dark night In the most rapid and effectual manner, atn It a not Imperobable that they mwill bhe applied foe this iurprsa ander tihe auspices oa tire Natioral Lifeboat lnelitutieon.-Dalyr News. 