ABSTBACT OF SALES BY AUCTION THIS DAY. Yetani. BBAUCTJAMP BROTUERS.-At their rooms, Col lins-stroet-Cotton flock, ElddermtoBter carpets, bagatelle table, bar fittings, beer-cngino, pumo forte, American clock, fumituroand effects of an botet ; also, new and seeo_dband furnituro and miscellaneous goods, Mr. W. PERRY.-At his rooms, ColhiH-streot-Sherry, port, claret, old tom, Younger's Edinburgh ale; saddlers'Ironmongery, drawing Instruments, sur- veyors' chains, &c; \- , I Metere. J. LYONS and Co.-At their rooms, Bourkel Btrcot-Pier and othor glasses. Mr. G. WALSTAB.-At tho Governor Hotham Hotel] Hawthorne-Land; 1 Mr. N. KINSMAN.-At promises La Trobo-strcot east' -Household furnituro, &c.; J Messrs. FRASEE and COHEN.-At tho stores of Flower] M'Donald, and Co., Willlom-stroct-Clearing sale1 of general morchandlzo, wines, spirits, alos, porter] tobacco, ¡te. Messrs. DALMAUOT CAMPBELL and Co.-At tho mar ket-yards-Fat cattle. - i Messrs. M'OAW and ANOTHER.-At tho Royal Horso Bazaar- Ohesnut mare, gig and barnoss, horses. Messrs. JAMES HEMBERBON and Co.-A. Kirk's Bazaar Carriage-horses. MessrB. GRBIO and MURRAY.-At their rooms, Col Uns-stroet-Earthenware, perfumery, combs, hair- brushes, French opera-gltsscs, tortoisesholl combs, bran. ' Mr. E. YEATMAN.-At tho promisos, Fitzroy street, Collingwood-Household furnituro and effects. Messrs. GEORGE THOMAS and Co.-At the jards of Mr. Joseph White, Flinders-Btroot - Romaindor of stock of timbor, doors, sashes, palings, lea. Messrs. PURCELL and KEIGHRAN.-At their yards, Bourke-streot - Working-bullooks, dray, and prcar. Bolos by Anotlon. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 20. High-stroot, Maldon. To Newly-Arrived Immigrants. Successful Miners and Moneyed Publicans. To be Sold by Order of tho Mortgageo, Viz. Tho Tarrangower Hotel, Including, Allotment 1 of Section 1, Town of Maldon. Allotment 2 of Seetlon 1, Do. Allotment 8 of Section 1, Do. Allotment 4 of Section 1, Do. Farm, 198a. lr. 83p. MB. STUBBS is instructed by the mortga- gee to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION1, at tho xooms, Queen-street, on Wednesday, August 29, at twelve o'clock procisely, Tho wholo of tho abovo properties, Bituato in the increasing township of Maldon, including Tho Tarrangower Hotel, Now in roll trade. The 108a. farm will be sold soporato. Terms liberal. Further particulars as to title may bo ascertained at tho offices of Messrs. Muttlcbury and Malleson, solicitors, Quoon-stroet. _Title Guaranteed. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. The Golden Cross Hotel, King-street. Sale of the Whole of the Valuablo Household Furni- ture, Effects, and Ftxturos, &c.; fB. STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor, I James Colvin, Esq., to SELL by PUBLIC JCTION, on the premises, Golden Cross Hotel, King-street, on Friday, August 21, at twelve o'clookl precisely, Tho wholo of the valuable household furuituro and effects of tho above popular hotel. Terms-Cash. " FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. To Town Capitalists and Others. First-Class Central City Property. Between - The Salutation Inn . And ' Mr. Lovin's Extensive Grocery Warehouse No. 160 Bourkc-strcct. By Order' of the Mortgagee, MB. STUBBS is favoured with instructions from, tho mortgageo to SELL by PUBLIC DION, on Friday, the 7th day of Sqrtouibcr, on lho premises, Bourke-street, at tn elva o'clock pro- cisely, Í All thoso two-storied stono and brick-built central business premises, suitable for i The capitalist I who seeks a socure investment for his money. Terms and further particulars will nppmr in n future newspaper ; and for titlo partleB uro icspoct iully reforred to Messrs. Muttlcbury aud Malle-on, rolicitors, Queen-street._ ' t FRIDAY, SEPTEMIiUB 7. Investments. Weokly Incoa.cs. £240 per Annum. £62 per Annum. £62 per Annum. £80 per Annum. ' £20 per Annum. J MB. STUBBS is instructed by tlie proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUOTION, at bia roorni, Queen-street, on Friday, September 7, at twelve o'clock precise!}', The undermentioned valuablo weckly-incomo pro- perties, to Which ho would rc&pictfull;} invno the attention of town and up-country capitalists, uz : Lot 1. Queonsborry-strcet, tho Lalla Rookh Hotel, producing £240 per annum Lot 2. The houso adjoining Municipal Chambers. £62 per annum Lot 8. The house do. £52 per annum Lot 4. Jeweller's shop (Mr. Selig), Swanston street. £80 per annum Lot 6. Bing Willlam-Btrcot. £26 per annum Lot 6. Store adjoining the Lalla Rookh, Terms and further particulais on a future day. " THIS DAY. : Ship's Cano Sofa, Silver's. To FartloB Returning to England, Furniture Doalors, and Ot liena. BEAUCHAMP BBOTHEBS vi ill SELL by AUOTION, at their rooms, 88 and sOColilnf »trcet east,, on Wednesday, August 22, tit tv.ulio «'clock, Ono ship's cano sofa, doublc,wlth i'rr.M eis, Miva 'a make. ' Torms at Solo._ THIS DAY. Prior to Catalogue Salo. Damaged Groceries. To Dealers and Others. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 and 40 Lolllu fctrect east, on Wednesday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, A small lot of groceries, moro or less damaged, consisting of-Currants, raisins, boxes of apricots and penchcB, herring und umJiavy paste, lemonade syrup, &c; _Without Reservo._ THIS DAY. Prior to Catalogue Salo. 6 Bales of Cotton Flock. ¡To Furnituro Dealers, UphoMcrcrs, Storekeepers, and Others. "DEAUOHAMP BBOTHEBS have leceiveil JJ instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at tho'r looms, 38 and 40 Colltos-stroot eaBt, on Wednesday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, 6 baleB of cotton flock. To close a consignment. ' ~ THIS DAY. Prior to Cataloguo Sale. To Furnituro DealerB, Warehousemen, Pr¡\ ato Parlies, and Others. 1 Bale of Square Kidderminster Carpets. BEAUCHAMP BBOTHEBS will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Uollius slreet east, on Wednesday, August 22, at'cloven o'clock, ~ ' 1 bale of equaro Klddcrmmstor carpets, 8-1, 0 4, and 10-4. Terms at Sale. \- THIS DAY. Cataloguo Solo of Now and Secondhand Household Furniture, and Miscellaneous Goods. Io Private Parties Furnishing, Furnituro Dealers, Hotel and Boardinghouso Keepers, Storekeepers, and Others. , -OEAUCHAMP BBOTHEBS will hold their ffl regular Wednesday's Cataloguo SALE by AUC 5100, at their rooms, 88 and 40 ColiiiiB-stieet east, on Wednesday, August 22, commencing nt twelve o'clock, The day's salo will compriso the undermentioned articles of furniture, &o.; : Bedroom Furnituro. Single and double iron bidBteads, horsehair and other mattresses, bolsters, feather pillows, paillasses . Cedar, mahogany, and pointed chests of drawers, cane-seat chairs, looking-glasses, ton el-rails, wasbstands and toilet-tables. , Diningroom and Parlour Furniture. Carpets, mahogany and cedar sofas, hi hair and cloth , , J Cedar and mahogany chairs, do Couches, chiffonnières, sideboards, tolcscopo and loo tables . Easy-chairs, oak and mahogany hall chairs, hat and umbrella stands, Drawingroom Furnituro, ' Suite of rosewood fornlturo in ambor-coloured damask, do to blue and flowered damask, couches, easy-chairs, Bldo-tahlcs In rosewood and walnutwood, fancy cane-seat chairs, what- nots, rosewood loo- tables, devonports. Handsome gilt pier-glasses, in a variety of i at- torns and sizes. . . , , i Beauchamp Brothers would call particular atton -tion to their Wednesday's Balos. Parties giving up liousekeeplng and wishing to realize upon their turnl wro and offectB will find tho above rooniB, with the auctioneers' long experience la the furniture tiado, their easiest and best plan of obtaining a fair murkot .value. _,_ THIS DAY. Prior to Cataloguo Sale. To Publicans, Dealers, and Others. Bar-fittings, Bagatello-tablo, Bccr-onglno. Without Rosorve. EBAUCHAMP BBOTHERS will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 and 40 Colllna «reet east, on Wednesday, August 23, at eleven Superior bar-fittings, polished cedar carved pil v lare,|with Chiffonniere andjlato-glssB attached lfive-pull beer-englno, with ptptog, completo 1 Blate-bed bagatello-tobid, with iv-ory balls, mark- ing-board, cueB, &c;, complote*. To be sold Í _Without Reserve. 1 '..--"--- * THIS DAY. _ , " -* Planoforto. , I Jo Privato ftÄ^ÖUu*. Í5 TO-tof.ïtat class Investment, Without Reservo1. * r BEAUCHAMP BROTH*"": h e ro0oived instruction- * ? .^AUCTION, at their AUB1 WP^-ÄSROS case, by Wes. some »"^Jthout Beeerve. £\ " » THIS DAY. " * * -Îïfior to Catalogue Sole of Furniture rfiïT.1 V CaB0S -o-mericau Clt cks r^cfr and Clock Makers, btoiekeepers. Dealers. .. v *¡,f and Others. ' ' BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received *irnTTnwnlfii0Äfl,fr0m tho lmP°rt<>ra to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooroB, 88 and 40 Collins street cast, on Vi ednet day, August 22, at cloven o'clock, An invoice of best American clocks, Bay 4 cases J D O OG spring ( 10 do cottago IP 4 do wide awake striko 2 do Dorio or Olive strlko 2 do Prince of Wales 4do_8ln octagon lever 3 do shorn Gothlo 8 do gilt lattico 8 do oak loaf 4 do Oin octagon lover. Terms at Solo. THIS DAY. Our Cotologuo Sale of tho abovo Date will comprlso the Wholo of tho Household Furniture and Effects of an Hotel Removed for Convenlonco of Solo To Parties Furnishing, Hotclkeepers, Furniture Dealers, and Others BEAUCHAMP BROTHEES have received jistructlons to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, 58 and 40 Collins Btreet cast, on Wednesday, August 22, at twclvo o'clock, Tho entire furniture and effects of an hotel The Wholo to bo Sold Without geservo. THURSDAY, AUGUST 28 Twist Tobacco Twist Tobacco At Hamilton's Bonded Storo For the Bonoflt of Whom It May Concern. 25 Casos Twist Tobacco To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, Dealers, nnd Others. "DEAUOHAMP BROTHERS have roceivetl Ff instructions from the importers to SELL by afJOTION, at Hamilton's Bonded Storo, on Thursday, August 23, at elevon o'clock, . Tho following tobacco ox Windward, Hamlin, mas- ter, from Now York - William Crampton, Blackberry Twist, 26 cases, each containing oight tin boxes, twist tobacco. Torms-Cash FRIDAY, AUGUST 24 13 Bolos Indlarubber Hose and Belting To Ironmongers, Machinists, Engineers, Ship chandlers, and Dealers Prior to Cataloguo Salo of Ironmongery, "DEAUOHAMP BROTHERS have received Jj instructions from tho importers to SELL by SUCTION, at thoir rooms, 88 and 40 Collins stroct east, on Friday, August 24, at eloven o clock, The undermentioned specification of first-class pa- tent indlarubber hoso and belting - Sec 746-1 bale, containing 1,000ft J-m 8 ply hose 740-1 do, do 700ft ä-in do 747-ldo, do 600ft 1 m do 748-1 do, do 200ft H-ta do SOOft li In do 748-1 do, do SOOft lj In do 760,768-2 bales, do 800ft 2 in do 761, 762-2 bales each contilning 250ft 8 in do 753-1 bolo, containing 200ft 2 In spiral 787-1 do, do 200ft lj-in do 764-1 do, do 1 belt 8 in 3 ply, 210ft. ldo4In 8ply, 252ft I do 5 in 4 ply, 245ft 766-1 do, do 1 do O-in 4 ply, 160ft 1 do 7 in 4 ply, 150ft Attention is respectfully requested to tho abovo invoice of superior indiarubbpr hose and belting, to bo sold prior to catalogue salo of ironmoiif,cry, on Friday, August 24, at eleven o'clock Terms at Solo FRIDAY, AUGUST 24 To tho Ironmongers of Melbourno and Suburbs, Geelong, and Provincial Towns, Shippers to Tas- mania, l and Now Zealand, Speculators, Dealers, and Others 60 Pncknp.cs ven Superior Ironmongery. .00 Doren Xhrco hoop Buckots 180 Nests Tubs, Eight in Nest 200 Bo\cs Clothes pins, Whittled Heads 80 Cosos Fairbanks Beales, Assorted. "DEAUOHAMP BROTHERS havo received ín JTj Btructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, 38 and 40 Collins streot cast, on Friday, Augu 124, at eleven o clock, 6 casis T hinges, assorted SIZCB 4 do Chamberlain and Nottlofold's patent screws 4 hhds japanned wnio, oak and gilt toliot ju¡,3 and bisins, footbaths, waahstands, shower and sponge baths 0 do soup tureens, Griffiths and Bcart's coffee- pots 2 cases padlocks, 1}, 2, 2} 2}, 2a, and 8 inch. 1 case do do, tumblor and duplicate koys 3 casks blass head nolls, brass snuffers, brass pad- locks 2 casks sash fasteners, rack pulleys, and brass butt hinges 4 do Eeta blind furnlturo, whito door knobs, glass do, oral door handles, brass door knockers, 2 do brss3 chest, till, and cupboard locks 3 do cómico ends, curtain bands, patent blind crd , poto brackets, polo-rings, and curtain henUs 1 caso knife-baskets 12 patent cottsgo maudes 3 Baker s patent mangi OB 0 very handsome bronzed hat and umbrella stands 20 registor grates 78 bags cut floor brads 40 kegs Ewbank's patent nolls, assorted sizes 200 dozen American three hoop polls ISO nests tubs, 8 each 2C0 boxes whittled head clothes-pins 80 cases Falrbank's potont platform anl other scales, &.c Terms liberal Tho auctioneers beg to call particular attention to the abovo oxtonslvo solo of furnishing and builders' ironmonger}, American goode, &o;, all being of first class manufacture, and just landed in beautiful condition Catalogues in courso of preparation, and can bo had at the rooms, 38 and 40 Collins stree!, cost, on Wednesday TRIDAY, AUGUST 24 To Ironmongors, Storekeepers, Shippers, and Other». American D handle Shovols, long strapped EpadCB Collins s heavv handled Axes, Extra Axe Handles, ¿Vc "DEAUOHAMP BROTHERS have received _B3 instructions from tho Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir roomB, 88 and 40 Collins street; cast, on Tridoy, August 24, at eleven o'clock, 20 coses, each 10 dozen, best D handle Amer can shovels, 33 to 84 and 30 inch, Keith a and Chopin a 5 do long stropped spades 60 do Collins s handled axes, 4} to 0 lb 300 kegs American cut nails, assorted slz s 5 cases household grindstones, on stands 15 do super axo handles, extra largo 7 do meat cutters and staffers Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. To Ho clkcepers, Dealers, and Othors. Solo of ' 20 Hhds Youngor s Edinburgh Alo For Account of Whom It May Concern, WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUOTION, ot his roomB, Collins street wup, on 'Wednesday, August 22, at twelvo O'clock, L, over C03-1 tortiOcato representing ¿0 hhds Younger s Edinburgh alo Bent paid up to dato Tho abovo will bo sold OB thoyaro in tho bondod stores of Mcssis Beckwith Brothers, Flinders lane, and intending purchasers roquiring samples must do so at thelrowii expenso To bo sold for tho benefit of whom it may concorn Torras-Cash THIS DAY By Order of tho Trustees in tho Estate, of Julius Kaeppel Shem, Port, Claret, Old Tom, i.e. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will &LLL; by AUCTION, at his roomB, Oollins itrett west, on Wednesday, August 22, at twelvo o'clccl, Kernotod for convenience of sale, By order cf tho trustees in tho abovo estite, 2 hhds sherry li do port CO tabes claret 8 do old tom lSdostclnwoin ßjkes' hvdrometer, copper measures, pjphon and pump, do*B and olfico furnlturo Terms at Bolo THIS DAY. To Saddler?, Ironmongers and Others ' For tho Benefit of M horn it May Concern 1 Caso Siddlors' Ironmongery. Kx Carntyne WILLIAM PERRY (late SvmonB and Perry) will SEI I by AUCTION it his rooms, Collins ttrcet, on \t cdnosdaj. August 22, at twolv o o cloc*, 1 CSBO assorted saddlers' ironmonger} - Best pollbbcd sncfflo joint polhanis, with curbs and Bpring hooks Do rulo joint pclhams . Stirrup irons and leathers I Snafile heads and reins Girths, i-c Terms-cash All moro or less aamaged To to Sold for the Benefit of Whom it May Concern THIS DAY. ' To Surveyors, Draughtsmen, and Others Drawing Instruments, Surveyors' Chains, &c; WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will BELL by AUOTION, at his rooms, Collins Btrcet weBt, on Wednesday, August 22, at twelve o'clock, . "? To close accounts, 12 coses superior drawing instruments, surveyors chains, arrows, &c.; Tcnii3 at Bolo THURSDAY, AUOUST 30 Io Millwrights, Engineers, Storckoepors, and othors Steam onglno, Crushing mills, Chaff cutter, Ac At tho Premises of Messrs Edwards and Smootby, Little Lonsdale stroot cast "TOTILLIAM PERRY (lato Symons and Perry) W has received InstxuctlonB from Messrs Edwards «Id¡Smootby to SELL by AUCTION, at their ure ~UCfl Lltöo Lonsdale street east, on Thursday, V- ik* 30, at oleven o'clock, Ango«, i Buporior clght-horeo power steam-engine ÄnrmlllB'forBrain Chaff cutter Dressing machine w MONDAY, AUGUST 27. To Speculators, Poultry-Breeders, Dairymen, and Others. £C0 Acres Rich Grazing Land, Parish of Oorooroo, near the Littlo River Ballway Station, ndjoinin? the property ol Thomas Cbimaldo, Esq. 60 Aerea Well-cultivated Land at Oakleigh. 22 Acres Land near the resldenco of H. Newton, Esq., M.L.A. ILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) , ? j_._^aa_reo?lÍSd ¡»?S^ctloDs from the proprietor to BELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Colons-street. Lot 1. . 600 acres rich pastoral land, situate in the pariah of Corcorac, near tho Little River Railway Sta- tion, and adjoining the magnificent property of Thomas Chirnside, Esq., the raliway leuce form- ing one or tho boundaries, and aflbrdlng an ex- cellent opportunity to poultry- brecden, dairy- men, cattle dealers,'and others requiring such description of property. A largo portion of tho purchase-money can remain cn mortgage. ' ' ' Lot2. A very valuablo rarm of 60 acres, situate about nine miles from Melbourno, well and soouroly fenced in and divided into paddocks, close to the village of Oakleigh ; 20 acres aro now under cul- tivation, the romaindor of tho land is being ploughed. There ia erected a comfortablo and substantially-built brick houso, containing five rooms, olght- Btalled stable,' a largo building also built of brick, a tostefuUy-lald-out fiowor-gardon, orchard, vineyard, &o.; A portion of the purchaso-monoy can remain on mortgage Lot 8. X2 acres of land close to tho township of Oakleigh, snd near to the rosidonco of H. Newton, Esq., M.L.A. _ Titlos unexceptionable Terms, exceedingly liberal/declared at sale. The auctioneer is desirous of calling the attention ot doirymen, cattle dealers, &o;, to tho above favourable opportunity for purchasing flret-class pas- toral land on very liberal terms._ \- PRELIMINARY NOTICE. BxtenBivo Salo of Suporior Household Furniture. Dogcart, Horse, Harness, &c.; To Persons Furnishing, Furnituro Dealers, and Others. ^ WILLIAM PEREY (late Symons and Porry) will SELL by AUCTION, on tho premisos on an early day (duo notlco of which will bo givon), at tw clv"o o'clock, An extensivo sale of superior household furnituro, &0., dogcart, horso, harness, &c.; Full particulars of which will appear to a-fow days. THIS DAYT To Privato Families, Hotelkeepors, and Others. Positivo and Unreserved Salo of Suporior Plato, Look- ing, Tray, Pier, and other Glasses. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their mart, Bourko-street, on Wednesday, August 22, at cloven o'clock, The following sup. glasses, &c;, viz. : 1 caso, 4 very handsome pior glasses, 40 x £ 1 do, 4 do do, do do 1 do, i do do, 60 x 40 1 do, 2 do do, 60 x 40 1 do, 2 do do, 60 x 43 2 do, 6 do do, 24 x l8 2 do, 12 do do, 24 x 16. Also, . Alargo quantity of troy, swing, toilet, and othor glassos. Without roscrvo. _Terms-Uash._ THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. Positivo and Unreserved Salo of 128 Trunks Superior Winter and Other Goods. Ex Sufio'k and Great Tasmania. To the Boot and Shoo Trade of Melbourno, the Suburbs, and Others, J LYONS and Co. aro favoured with in a Btructlons from tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke stroot, on Thura day, August 23, at eleven o'clock, 128 trunks and boxes boots and shoes. Just landed, Ex Suffolk and Great Tasmania, nil being first-class seasonablo goods, and consisting; of Ladies' superior balmoral«, 2 and 5 Do cashmore, E.S., assorted do Do calf at tor ted slippers . Do olastio sidtB, military heols, assorted colours Women's cloth boots, E S , pumps , Do coloured casbmero, patent tops, sprigs GirlB' best cashmero boots, patent fron t Do memol balmoral!, patent hecla Children's coloured coshmcre boots, E.S. Do assorted button boots ladies' coloured morocco baln'orals Maida' loithor, L.U., 1 and 2 Men's sup. calf bluchers, sappor treed Do do army bluchers, treed Polico wellingtons, treed Gentlemen's sup long wellingtons Do sup. patent E.S. hoots Do colonial sprigged wellingtons Do do half-Wellington's Mou 's first-class artillery wellingtons Do do bluchers J Youths' and boys' stout bluchers Men's and youtbs' assorted watortights, _c, _Terms at Salo. _ FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Pawnbroker's Salo cf Unredeemed Pledges. J LYONS and Co. aro instructed by Mr. a Aaron Pinkus, licensed pawnbroker, of 23) iiizaboth-strcot, to SELL bj PUBLIC AUOTION, at their mart, Bourke-street, pn Friday, August 21, at cloven o'clock, A quantity ofunrcdoemrd pledges, &e; , consisting of gold and bllver watches, gold rings, as- sorted chains, clothing, firearms, clonks, &c.; _Terms-Cash._ FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Superior Aberdeen Combs, assorted, and American Eight-Day aud Othor Clicks. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, s at their mart, Bourko-stieot, on Frllaj, August 24, at cloven o'clock, 8 cases sup. Aberdeen combs, consisting of Dressing, rack, back, braid, and othor eouibs. 14 eases American clocks, viz. :-Striking eight day unions, octagon levers, small cottago, 8 inchJewelled striking levels, stop-clocks, «¡o. Terms-Cash. ,_ THIS DAY. Uppor Hawthorne, 2 Acres of Land. Absoluto Sala. G WALSTAB has received instructions from. a the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at tho Governor Hotham Hoto!, Hawthorne, on Wednesday, August 22, at four o'clock in the afternoon, 2 acres of hind. This property Is situate Immediately in tho rear of Mrs. Crawley's residence, within a quarter of a milo from Judgo Wrlxon's and half a milo from Judgo MolesBorth's and Mr. Duffy's residences, five mileä frcm town. It hal a frontage to a rond leading to Kew, has all Its native timber staudlng on it, and is n, very »loo spot for '.ho erection of n suburban resi- dence, being on high ground and commanding exten- sivo views. Further particulars to bo had at tho auctioneer s offices, iH Collins-Btreet west. SATURDAY, AUGUST 25. Brighton Espumado. Two Choleo Allotments of Land, Fronting tlio Espla- nade, between the Great Brighton mid Retreat Hotels. Absoluto Sale. GWALSTAB has received instructions to # SELL, at tho Retreat Hotol, ou Saturday, August 26, at three o'clock In the afternoon, Two allotments of land, fronting tho esplanade, each having a frontago of 68ft 8in. by a depth of 272rc, bounded in tho rear by - street. Thcso allotments are situated in the best psrt of tho esplanade, being on tho rising ground. It having been decided Immediately to extend tho railway to tlio Great Brighton Hotel, tho land on the esplanade will bccomcmuch in domnnd ; but it ÍB raroly r.n opportunity will occur to purchase any of tho allotments, as they aro chiefly held by persons not likely to put them in tho market. Tho auctioneer, thcrcforo, invitCB nttendanco at this sale, which will bo absoluto. Mr. Ashling, of the Retreat Hotel, IISB offered to c1 ow tho allotments. . J Further particulars at tho auctioneer's offices, 85 Colltos-Btrcot west._ THIS DAY. Household Furnituro. No. 214 La Trobo-stroet east. KINSMAN has received instructions lo SELL by AUOTION, on tho premises, 2lt Li rooe-Btreet, on WcdnoEoay, August 22, ' The household furnituro, comprizing-Loo tablo, hair-Boated sofa and chairs, mirror, csrpct, oil- cloth, oil paintings, ongravings, Iñigo vaics and ornaments; chiffonnière, plate-gl»ss back ; .. plated and glBES ware, iron and wood bed- steads and bedding, chest drawers, hair mat- tresses, feather beds, wasliBtands and ware, toilet tables and glasses, crockery, &c.; Bale at twelve o'clock by N. Kinsman, auctioneer. 'THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. Freehold, Rosamond-street, St. Kilda. H KINSMAN has received instructions to ¿ SELL hy AUOTION, on tho ground, on ___.sday, August 23, . A neat thrco-roomed weatherboard cottago, with verandah, and fenced in. The ground has a frontage f 0ft. to . saraond-strott, by 80ft. Oin. deep to a right-of-way. ' The proporty is beautifully situated opposlto tho Greyhound Hotel, and being for positive sale the auc- tioneer Invitoa attention to tho salo as a good invost Salo at twelve o'clock by N. Kinsman, auctionoor tnà valuator, 8 Moor-street, Fitzroy._; FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Freehold. i Wellington-street, near Johnston-street. TVT KINSMAN has received instructions to 1\ m SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, 01 Friday. August 24, at twelvo o'clock, A three-roomed weatherboard cottago, with land 88ft. frontago to Wolllngton-strcot, by 70It. doop. _he property ÍB well situated, and is for positiva S*B»le at twolvo o'clock by N. Ktosaian, auctioneer mid valuer. 8 Moor street, Fitzroy1____ THURSDAY, AUGUST 28. ï_ocv Warehousemen, Storekeepers, Dealers, an 1 * J Others. < A ARON has received instructions from Mr. >_ Platiauer. who is about returning to Europj. i.-lÇ__bv PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, 183 CoÄtreeteast, on Thursday, August 23, at eleven S, *' lbekwhole of his valuable stock, consisting of Fancy goods, toys, combs, Jewellery, &e.; Ehow:glasses and fittings. ' ' i_ lots to Buit purchasers. Terms-Cash, AUCTIONEERS* NOTICE. TSS,S?T?îsi5^d desir0 to ca31 attention to their SALE of the cargo ot NEW FBUIT ex Ad mirai, from the Cape; Calcutta and Mauritius Grocery Sugars in 801b.l)ag8 ¿Adelaide Flour, &c; -»_______FRASER and COHEN. THIS DAY. Great Clearing Sale at tho btorcrof Messrs. Flower, M'Donald, and Co.. William-street, ' iWInes, Spirits, Alo, andJPortor, In case and bulk, nv. 4X.. ,GrooerI?8, Provisions, Tobacco, &c; nSiT râia,ntB and Trado at tarS° of Melbourne, Goolong, Ballarat, Beechworth, Bandhurst, Castle« maine, &o.; TfJIBASEB and COHEN hav« received Instroo îï-fiPT0TB1ftomvTÎÎS5Sï?i,FIowor' M-Donold, and Co. ÏJT SELL by AUOTION, at thoir Btoros, William 20 hhds. bulk claret, St. Estopho 600 cases Chateau Medoo 160 do burgundy 480 do claret, St. Estopho 10 hhds. polo sherry, diamond, VP conjoined 20 quarters do 10 do Cosona's do, treble diamond 8 hhds. do 7 quarters do 5 butts 10 hhd. and 10 quartore Kingston sherry 2 hhds. and 4 quarters pale sherry, diamond 2 d6 and 4 do do, doublo diamond 2 do and 4 do do, treblo diamond ~0 quarters Manzanilla Bherry 0 d6 Burdon's do 12 do shorry -20 cases dark sherry, each 8 dozen 20 do port, each 8 do 400 do Highland whiakoy ; 72 do whiskey, west ot Scotland 600 do Kirkliston do 48 do Thln's do 110,do Mackay'a do 10 »lids, gin, Thistle " '" 24 do geneva, key i 400 red casca do, anchor 100 green do, do 450 de do, JDKZ 200 cosos stomach bitters 25 hhds. W. I rum, 80 o.p. 26 hhds W.I. rum. 80 op. 10 do Mnrtcll's dark brandy 10 do llonnossy's do 10 do U. V. P. Company's do 20 do Taylor mid Co.'s stout 25 do Whitbread's do 75 cases Allsopp's alo, quarts and pints 20 do ByaSB's do, quarts 170.do Whitw oil's do, quarts and pints 100 casks Coopo, Ind, and Co.'s do, quarts 176 casos 'Byass's porter, quarts and plntH 60 casks Barclay's do, quarts Also, On account of the London Colonial Company, limited. 50 hhds. alo, Burton 100 cases London stout 60 do India polo alo Being their first shipmont to this market. 15 boxes malzono, each 301b. 48 do corn starch 200 do sago 100 do Halo's carriago candles 200 boieB Halo's British sporm candios 10 do chocolato 40.do mustard, Jib. and lib. . 80 do Iib. lobsters 40 barrels pilchards 200 halt and.quartcr barrels dried apples 43 cases hams, York and Sinclair's 48 do bacon, Bromner'a and Sinclair's 200 bags Randall's flour 200 do Dunn's do 100 do Poolo's do 20 tons sheepwash tobacco 60 cases Bara Avis tons tobacco 20 do Dingo, tons 20 bo\os do, tons 20 eases do, Jib. 50 boxes Jessie Brown's, tens 60 do Champion Murphy, tons C2 cases Kangaroo, Jib. 10 do (Ballarat, Alb. 85 boxes Black Diamond, tens 600 do tobacco pipes. This largo talo deserves the attention of tho trade . nil the goodB first- class, and selected specially for this market. Terms at Solo. THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. On Account of Whom it Moy Concern. C4 Trunks of Boots and Shoos. Ex-. FRASER and COHEN aro instruotcd to SELL by AUCTION, at tho mart, on Thursday, August C3, ot olevon o'clock, " On account of whom it may concern, 1 lix-, C4 trunks of assorted boots and shoes. Full particulars in futuro issuo. TermB at Solo. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. For Positivo Sale, To C»l twists, Speculators, Farmers, and Othors. Land at Essoodon. "HTUUSER and COHEN have receiv ed instruo JP tiona to SELL by AUOTION, at thoir rooms, Collins-strcct, on Friday, August 24, at tw oh o o'clock, 20 acres land opposite tho Ballway Station and Reserve, Essendon, and about half a milo from i tho Formers' Hotel, on tho main reid. Tbo land is at present under ciop, and is do'tribed In tho deed as follows :-All that plcco or parcel of land situate in tho pal hh of Doutta Galla, In tbo county of Bourko, in tho colony of Victoria aforesaid, being pirt of Allotment A, of Eectlon Number 6, containing by admcbuicment 20 acres, bo the same a little more o: less, commcncicg at tho N.W. oirnor of tho said allotment, and houcded on tho north by a Government road by a Uno bealing east 10 chaina ; then on tho catt by other part ot tho tald allotment by a lino bearing Routh 10 chains and ÜI links; then on tho south by a part of tho southern boundary lino ol tho bald allotment by a. lino bearing west 10 chains; then on tho w est by a port of tho wostorn boundary line of tho said allotment by a Uno bearing north 20 chains to tho commencing point aforesaid ; toge- ther with all and singular houses, &c.; Tho auctioneers can confidently recommend tho nbovo to persons seeking a good investment for thoir money ; it presents, especially to farmers, a raro op portunity'fortho purchnso of really first class agricul- tural land, being sltua'.o ncaily opposite tho railway station, und abort distance from town. Tormo, liberal, at solo. Koto day of salo-Friday, August 24. ' BLACK EAGLE. mHESALEof GOODS ox Black Eagle, nd B vtrtiscd to toko placo on Wednesday, August 22, isPOSTPONED until Monday, August 27, at tho ¡?tores of J. U. Clough and Co. FRASER an COHEN, auctioneers. THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. Cordage. "D T. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC jT\j» HON, at tho rooms, Qucon-Btroot, on Thurs erny, August 28, at olotón o'clock, 108 h iles and coils cordago. In lots to suit purchasers. Particulars at Sulo THURSDAY, AUGUST 28. On Account, of Whom it May (ïoncorn. Patna Bice. Just Landed. Ex Hannah Nicholson. RP. STUBBS wúl SELL by PUBLIC AUC m TlON, ut the rooms, Qucou-streot, on Thurs- day, AuguEt 23, at olovcu o'clock, 102 Loga Fatua rico, slightly damaged £20 do do, much damaged. In lota to suit purchasers. Terms-tosh. THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. On Account of Whom lb May Coiicorn. lib. Jams and Starch. EF. STUBBS mil SELL by PUBLIC AUC-* m TlON, at tho rooms, Queon-atrcet, on Thurj 68 cases Wotberspouii's lib. jims 80 do.Colman'i, starch, each 60 lbs. 1 In lots to suit purchasers._ THURSDAY, AUGUST 23 Galvanized Coriugated Iron and Bpoullug, &c; T» P. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC TV«. TlON, tit tho lcoun. (¡ucon-»lroet, on Thurs. day, August A J, at elev on o'clock, OCISCB (,-aHaulzed corrugated Iron, £0 gorge, 0 nnd 7 fest 2 do plrln¿ and spouting. In first-rato condition. Without Reserve. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Moiton. Btctk-ln-lrado of a Gcuoral Storckocpcr, Wine and Spirit Merchant. Foi Positivo and Unreserved Salo. In tho lii.oHont Estate of Augustus bheblcr By Order of John Ooodman, Esq, OfllcUl Assiguoo. ALFRED BLISS has received instructions norn John Goooman, Esq., official assignee la tho iiiiol\ei't'e*tatc of Augustus Shoblor.to SKLbby PUBLIC AU01ION, on tho picmlsos, Melton, on Friday, Auimst 21, at ono o'clock, Tho wholo of the v.oll-sclcctod and valuable atock in-trodo of Wlnca aLd spirits Oroecr'es' Drapery Boots and shoes Ironmongery, de. Ternis-cash N.B. Salo on tho promises. Moiton, on tbo main Eallarot-road, on Friday, Augwt 24, at ono o clock. SATURDAY, AUGUST 25. * Collingwood. Household Furnlturo and Effects. J3y Ordor of Alexander Laing, Esq., Official Asslgnoo in tho Insolvent Estate of William T. Rudd, ALFRED BLISS has received instructions from Alexander Laing, Esq., Official Assignco e Insolvent cstato of William Thuraton Budd, to bELL by PUBLIC AUOTION, on tho premises, No, CO King Wllllam-stroot, Collingwood, on Saturday, August 25, at two o'clock, ' Tho wholo of tho uBoful household furniture la Blttingroom and bedrooms. Together with Kitchen utensils. For unreserved salo. Terms-cash. N.B.-Salo on tho premisos. No. 60 King Wllliam ttrcet, Collingwood, on Saturday, August 25, at two «,'clock._ IHIS DAY. Primo Fat Cattle. T\ALMAHOY CAMPBELL and Co. will I I SELL bj AUCTION, at tho Market-yards, Flem jigton, on Vi cdnosday, August 22, at two o'clock, CO head primo fat catt!», from Mr. James Robert eon'e dairy herd. THURSDAY, AUGUST 28. Bacon, Chicory, Mustard, Bottled Frolts, Lemon Peel Vinegar, Paper, Salt, So. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WEASEY and Co. wiH SELL by AUOTION, . at thoir rooms, 88 ColUruMtreot west, on Thursday, August 28, at oleven o'clook, 20 cases Brcbnor's bacon SO do chicory 10 do Btlven's mustard 16 do 0. and B.'s bottled fruits ' \ - ' 5 do lemon peel .>...! 6 do Keillor's 21b. jams 20 quarter-casks vinegar 6 bales grey papor 6 do purple do 20 cases jar salt ' 16 do Feast's onions. No reserve, \- Terms at SRIO. THURSDAY, AUGUST28. 800 Bags Fino Mauritius Sugars, To Close Accounts. , To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, . at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Thursday, August 23, at oleven o'clock, SOO bags fine Mauritius sugars. 1 To closo accounts. ~* Terms at Salo. . ! THURSDAY, AUGU8T 23. 100 Firkins D. R. Cork Butter. 77 Bags English-dressed Patna Rico. 10 COSOB Tapioca. 40 Barrels Barcelona Nuts. Ex Venus. ,To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W.EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, a at thoir rooms, 88, Collins-stroot wost, on Thursday, August 28, at eleven o'clock, Ex VcnuB, 100 firkins D. B. Cork butter 77 bags English-dressed Patna rice 10 cases tapioca 49 barrols Barcelona nuts. To bo sold without reserve. Terms at Salo. THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. 110 Bags Mauritius Sugars. Moro or Less Damaged hy Sea-water. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY nnd Co. will SELL by AUCTION, # at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Thursday, August 23, at olovon o'clock, HO bags Mauritius sugars, ? Moro or less damaged by soa-wator, and Sold for tho benefit of whom it may concern. Terms-Cash. THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. 8,000 Bushels Fino Danish Oats. For Positivo Salo. To Cornfaetors, Llvory-atahlo Koepors, Contractors, _. - and Others. "YJTT EASEYnnd Co. will SELL by AUOTION, If ? it their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Thursday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, i 8,000 bushels fine Danish oats. ' A lino sample, and to bo sold. Torms at Salo. THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. 27 Cases Swiss Cigars, best Brands. To Tobacconists, Up-country Storckoopors, and Othora. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, a at their rooms, 38 Collins-street west, on Thursday^ August 23, at oleven o'clock, Ex Coto d'Or, O. & A., M. V. & Co., 6 cases vovy fins Gurion and Ormond's Swiss cigars l8 do vevoy sans Gouton and Ormond's do do 8 do vevoy sans Maqoien, Vaudei, and Co 's do do. Tho attention of purchasers is solicited to tho abovo Balo. Tho elgar« aro of the finest quality, and will bo sold, so tho trade should not lose tho present opportunity. Terms Liberal. THURBDAY, AUGUST 23. 25 Bottles Best Spanish Qulckt-llvor, To Ironmongers, Quartz Crushers, and Others. WEASEYand Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 88 Colllns-streot west, on Thursday, Aucust 23, »t eleven o'clock, 26 bottles best Spanish quicksilver. Terms at Salo. THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. On the Railway Platform, Flinders-slroot. 14 Casks Wollongong Buttor. Ex Wonga Wongo. To Grocers, Confectioners, and Others. W- EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, a on tho Railway Platform, Fhnders-strcot, on Thursday, August 23, at cloven o'clook sharp, E.\ Wonga Wongo, 14 casks Wollongong butter, Torms at Solo. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. 10 Cases Suporior Toys. To Fancy Warohousomcn mid Others. WEASEYand Co. will SELL by AUOTION, a at thoir rooms, 88 Collius-strcot west, on Friday, August 24, at cloven o'clock, 10 oaEcs superior toys, comprising wax dolls, rock- ing-horses, leather dolls, do\ils In boxes buildings, cannon, sheep rounds, shooting games, furnituro, bricks, dolls In great variety, and overy description of fancy toja. Terms at Salo. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. SOW, KIRK, and Co. have received instruc i tions from the executors of the lato Gcorgo cr, Eeq, to SELL by AUCTION, on an early day, notice of which will bo given, AU the Mi'imWo horso stock, consistir,); of Tbo noted draught stallion Milncr'H Champion tho magnificent coaobing outiro Tramp, im- ported. 8 entire draught colts, threo years old, by" Cham- pion, out of picked V.D.L. mares 78 splendid mares, cart and thoroughbreds 12 marcs, in foal to Dolo, Warbawk, and Kelpie l8 head back, carriage, and stock horses 6 celts and allies, fivo years old 6 do, four do 10 do, three do 63 do, two do " 68 do. ono j ear old. In calling attention to this Bale, tho auctioneers deem it unnecessary to dcEcribo tbo superior qualities of the stock, as Mr, Milner was w til known to bo tho most successful breeder of draught heises in Victoria, and obtained tho highest average for his Uo-ycor olds at his aiinual sales lor the past four years. FIRST WEEK in SEPTEMBER. Splendid Hacks and Harness Horses. EOW, KIRK, and Co. aro instructed by i Messrs Bskonell and Ljall to SELL by AUC 'XJON, at their jards, Bourkc- ktrcot, the first woek in September (duo rotieo of which will bo glun), A draft of flrit-rato colts and fillies, auitablo for harness and weight-carrjicg hnoks, all in1 splendid condition, direct irom tho above named coutloinon's station. This lot will bo disposed of previously to Messrs. Bakewell and Ljall's annual salo of Suffolk Punch 1 orscs. THIS DAY. Important Salo of Horses. M'CAW and ANOTHER liavo received _ instruction from Dr. Adams, of Western -.ort/ to SELL by AUOTION, nt tho Rojal Horse Bazaar, on Wednesday, August 22, at twelic o'clock, , 30 splendid horses, broken and unbroken, com- prising Draught colts and fillios Manch draught horses, accustomed to general farm work Weight-carrying cobs, young and sound Upstanding carriage coltB._ THIS DAY. M'CAW and ANOTHER will SELL by AUC \- TION, at tho Royal Horso Bazaar, on Wednos uay, August 22, at tnclvo o'clock, 1 chesnut mare, with gig and harness, tho turn- out complete_ " TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. ' Great Annual Sale of Butiro Horses. M ' M'CAW and ANOTHER havo been fa . vourcd with instructions to SELL byAUO ilON, at tho Rojal Horso Bazaar, on Tuesday, September 4, Immediately after tho Show, Tho following (\crj choice) entire horses : Mount Wellington, 0 yrs old (Imported), the champion horso of all England Clyde, 7 jrs old, do, CljdOBdale Black Surprise, 0 yrs old, do, do Gonoral, 4jrs old, do, do Major, 6 j ra old, do, do; for prívalo salo, tobo scon at tho farm of tho owner Emperor, C yrs old, do, Suffolk Punch Duke, 8 yrs old, do, do Young Tom o' Lincoln, 0 yrs old, colonial Lincoln Raglan, 6 yrs old, do, Clydesdale Sprightly, do do Colonel, 7 yrs old, do do Young Douglas, 6 yrs old, do, do Gcorgo tho Fourth, 6 yrs old, do, do Young King Robert Bruco, 4 yrs old, do, do Donald, 3 yrs old, by Star Sam, 3 yra old, do, do Young Champion, 8 yrs old, do, do Acheron, 8 yrs old, do do Ploughboy, 2 yrs old, do, do Prize, 2 yrs old, do, do Farmer's Fancy, 2 yrs old, do, do Farmer, 2 yrs old, do, do Scotchman, 2 yrs old, do, do Comet, 2 j rs old, do do Justice, 0 yrs old, do, do .... ... Sottorly, by Collingwood, imported, thoroughbred Grand Duke, do do Milton, do. do , , Abd el Kadlr, by Forlorn Hope, colonial, do. Admiral, colonial bred do. OgrcES, by Orlando, out or Woodroso, In foal by llagar, by Hambledon, out of Prusella, in foal to Tabltha, by Tranby, out of Rachel, eligible for thoProduco8-kcsofl801 Rachel, by Romeo, out of Oreoping Joan, in fool by Kelpie " ... , .,__ Parties having choice brooding stock for solo on tho arxno-mentloncd or following day would obligo by sending particulars as early as possible, so that tnoy may bo advertised and catalogues prepared. N.B. A similar Bhow and sale will bo hold the fol- lowing day, Wednesday, September 6, of cattle, ihccp, pigs, &c.;_____ THIS DAY. To Gentlemen in Want of a First-class Pair of Carriage Horses. TAMES HENDERSON and Co. will SELL by al AUCTION, at Kirk's Bazaar, Bourke- street, on Wednesday, August 22, at twelvo o'clock, A splendid pair of dark brown carriage horses, by the Premier and Milton. They »re porffW quiet to ride and drivo, In splondid «mdltlon, and » perfect match, THIS DAY. Unreserved Sole of -, "32 «Tates Assorted Earthenware. To China and Glass Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others. G^REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUO W TlON, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 22. at twelve o'clock, . .,».»?««. 12 cratCB assorted earthenware, eonslstinir of Plates, dovo pattern Bakers Dishes \- Cover-dhhes Cups and saucers Bowls Tumblers (cut), Sec , No rosorvo. _TennB-Cash. THIB DAY. " Unreserved Salo of 10 Cosos Assorted Perfumery. Combs, Hairbrushes, &o.; , To Perfumers, Hairdressora, Storekeepers, aud Othors. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at thoir rooms, on Wednesday, August 22, at twolvo o'clock, ^ 10 cases assorted perfumery, consisting ot Assorted scents and perfumes Combs Hairbrushes ' Violet powder Eau do Cologne ' Turkey Bpongo Table cutlery Brooms Pinn Blind cord i Bandoline, &c.; i No reservo. -_.>.*_Terms-Cash. ~ : THIB DAY. ~~ . 1 Caso French Opera-Glassos. 1 Do French Toitolscshcll Combs. To Fancy Warehousemen nnd Others. «T1REIG aud MURRAY aro instructed by tho UT Importers to BELL by AUOTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 22, at twolvo o'clock, 1 caso opera glassos, very superior 1 do tortoiscsholl combs. Terms at Sale._ "ZZ THIB DAY. ' Prior to tho Salo of Earthenware. 20 Bags Bran, each 7 bushels. To CbrnMorcliants, Livory-BtabloKoepors, and Othors? «TNREIG nnd MURRAY will SELL by AUC 4jf TlON, at thoir rooms, on Wednesday, August 22, at twelvo o'clock, 20 bags bran, each 7 bushels. No roserve. Terms-Cash. " THIS DAY. ' 2 Cases Infants' and Children's Hair Brushes. To Perfumers, Fancy Warehousemen, and Othori. flREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC L3T TlON, al thoir roomB, on Wodnosday, August 227 at twolvo o'olock, 2 cases Infants' and children's hair brushes. No reserve Terms at Balo. THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. For tho Benefit of Whom it May Concern. Cases Sir Robert Burnett's Gin, all faults, duty paid. Ex Rapid. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their looms, on Thursday, August 28, at twelvo o'clock, Ex Rapid, T, 8 under. l8 cosos Sir R. Burnett's old tom. , More or loss damaged by sea-water. Sold for account of whom it may concern. No reservo. _Terms-Cash._ THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. An Assortment of English Furniture, From ono of tho best London houses. Also, Pianos. To Gcntlcmon, Furnlturo Doalors, and OthorB, |~1REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC V3j" TlON, nt their rooms, on Thursday, August 2d, at twelve o'clock, An assoitmont of English-manufactured furniture, from ono of the host London bouses, consisting of Mahogany couohes, bair seating Do chairs, do Do hill choirs . Hot stands Birch lath Dorby chairs loo tobies Pembroke dining-tablos. Also, Largo mahogany carved four-post bedstead Handsome mahogany Chiffonniere, spiral pillare,' carved and glaBs took 2 superior mahogany dinlng-tablcs "Unique rosowood card tablo, on contre pillar and claw Cedar toilet tablo, mahogany toilet glasses 12 very suporior mahogany chairs, caryod and flain badlta class OJ-octavo walnut-wood pianoforte, by Tomkinson, carved legs and front, n very handsome instrument Rosewood cottago pianoforto, by Murphy Engravings, &c; No reserve. _Torras-Cosh._ . THURSDAY, AUGUST 28. For the Boncflt of Whom ft May Concern. URGE and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, _ at thoir rooms, 19 Qucon-stroot, on Thursday, august 23, nt olovon o'clock, About 20 casks currants, Terms-cash. Without Reservo. THURSDAY, AUGUST 28. To Grocers, Dealers, and Others. BURGE and Co. will SELL hy AUCTION, at their rooms, 10 Quoon-btrcot, on Thursday, august 28, at devon o'clock, 10 barrels oatmeal 10 do barley 6 cases chicory 23 boxes raisins, in layers 7 casks sun raisins 25 casos Balty's onions 50 do do fruits 100 do dried fruits. _Torms at Balo._ \- THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. To Wiuo and Spirit Merchants. BURGE and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, at their rooms, 10 Qucou-streot, on Thurtuay, august 23, at cloven o'olock, 4 hhds. port wins, Qrahaiu'd doublo diamond 3 qrs. do do 160 cases cognao 26 cases oto, Ind, Coopo, and Co.'s 83 cases Barclay's poner. _ TcrmB at Sale._ THURSDAY, AUGUST 28. ICO Trunks of ._ . Scasonablo Boots and Shoes. Just Landing, Ex Roxburgh Castle JOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SELL by AUCTION, ut thoir roomB, Collins-stroet, ad- joining tho Criterion Hotel, on Thursday, August 23, nt cloven o'clock, 100 trunks boots and allocs, comprising Gentlemen's potent leather bovll-cdgo spring-sido boots Do summer wellingtons Do do abort wellingtons Men's bluohers and cossack«, various Maids', children's, and girls' boots and shoes Ladies' patent lcotbor slippers, 3 to S Do do Berlin slippers, 8 to 8 Do do calf shoes, 3 to 8, B.B, &c.; Torms at Solo. FRIDAY, AUaUSI 24. Fancy Ooods. JOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, CollInB-stroot, ad- joining tho Criterion Hotel, on Friday, August 21, at olovon o'clock, An assortment of fancy goods, cutlery, and ova rlcty of fanoy articles. Torms at Solo._ FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. , Llcgaut Three aod Flvo Light Hydraulic Cut-glass Chandeliers. JOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Colllns-strcot, al jolnlng tile Criterion Hotel, on Friday, August 2Í, at cloven o'clock precisely, 2 very eleeont Napier hydraulic out-glass cliandc \- Hers, w ith cut Albert drop', flvo lights 1 do chandelier, do, threo lights. Terms at sate. Tho above aro really worthy tho attention of intonl ing purchasers, being of tho handsomott and mo3t maislvo design ever yet offered for public competition. B FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. To Fancy Dealers nnd Bhopkcopere. Wax Dolls. JOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Collins stroot, ad- joining tho Critotion Hotol, on Friday, August 24, at eleven o'clock, Without reserve, 7 casca wax dolls, sizes, x, 00,0,1,2, 3, 4, 5, 0, 8, !!. Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. Housohold Furnlturo and Effects. "O YEATMAN will SELL by AUCTION, on lue .iiuubumm» «uunu-« «».*. v«-«- «» « -- roomed house, comprising :-Loo tablo, dlnlng-table, hair-scotod and other chairs, sofa, chimnoy-glaBBCs, carpots and rugs, iron tubular bedsteads and bedding, handsomo chest of sovon drawors, do of flvo drawers. _ washstands and crockery, tollot-glasses, and various other effects. Also, a cockatoo, pea- hen, and soYoral head of poultry. No rosorvo. E. Yeatman, auctioneer and agent, 31 Gertrude ttieot, Fitzroy. _ FRIDAY, AUGUBT 24. Freehold. Gore-street, near Builders' Arms. E YEATMAN will SELL hy AUOTION, oa . the ground, on Friday, August 24, at twolvo V A very desirable freehold cottago of throe rooms,' subBtantially-bullt of brick, with -stable, out» "" houso, fie. Tho land has a Irontoge of 17 feot to Goro-stroot. by a depth of 182 feet to another »troet called Little Goro- stroot. ._" > This ii a good opportunity for persons ot «mall I capital to get off-paying rent, or for Investinent. i1 E. Yeatman, auctioneer and valuer, 81 Gertrude J ttieet, Fitzroy. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. ïançy Drapery, Hosiery, Millinery. Coburgs, Merinoes, Gala Plaids. Ribbons, Underelothtorr. -. -, Slops, fto. To Warehouseme^Drap^^untry Storekeepers,' lYe_mart,80 Colllns-streeí east, on FridaÄn,! E4_çommenoing at eleven o'clock, "iiauguss ccmpriatogl-!"8 wn««M list of drapery, taj Slack Eorsenet ribbons Gola plaids Patent crinoline boll-shaped hats '! Velvet ribbons, cut edges j Alpacas and demi black lustres j Coburgs, all colours i Froncb merinoes Crossover mixtures i Mohair fancies J Ladles' muslin nightcaps i Do doublo «hirts - S Do faney alpaca dresses 'j 24 drab and brown oriental ribbons H Crimson sashes, with tassels ? Ladies* dross caps and blondo 1 Do white and drab coutillo stays i Do Irish point and Eugenio collars i Men's groy and brown sealskin college vostB S Do Melbourno riding vests Do moire antique and velvet do ' Do fancy check tweed trousers I Gentlomen's tweed riding coats , Do fancy tweed trousers Do do suits Men's groy tweed j umpors Children's white and coloured lnmbswool hoods Men's lambswool shirts and pants. *,Ancla,v,uilety oI othcr K°0<]B «eil worth the attcn. tion of tho trado. u _Terms at Salo._ ' THURSDAY. 8EPTEMBER 20. Magnificent Squatting Property in New South Wales.' T7" AYE and BtJTOHART have boon instructed 4-V ttf H- S LowoB, Esq, and tho executors of tho Soo Mr. Throsby, to OFFER for SALE, at their roomB, No. 60 Bourke stroot west, on Thursday September 20, at twolve o'clock, "* The MOIRA STATIONS, on tho Murray River, and in tho colony of New South Wales, about 16 mllcB from Moama, tone, therwith ^ 6 7, COO head of cattlo (moro or less) 10,000 sheep (moro or less) 760 acros of purchased land. Tho sheep and cattlo, with their respcotlvo runs-1 will bo sold olther separately or together, to suit nur cbascrs. r This property Is unquestionably one of tho best of the far-famed îuns of the Murray, and consists of ex- tensivo and beautifully grossed plains, Intersected by belts of forest, and has a very extonslvo frontago to the rit or, being situated in tho great bond nea^ Maiden's Punt The estimated aroa of the whole is 180,480 acres Tho cattlo run is ali enclosed, being boundod on tho> south and cast bj tho Murray, and tho Gulpa Creok and on the north and west by a substantial fence) newly erected. The sheep run is a compact block of 82,000 acres oí tho choicest grazing country, outside tho onclosoi cattlo run, but joining it at tho north west corner. Tho cattlo aro a woll-brcd and very quiet mixed herd, alargo proportion aro full grown, and a good, many of the females aro spayed. A very largo number of tho cattlo will bo fit for mar kot this season. The sheep aro a very choice lot, having boon cullod. and bred with tho greatest caro ; tkoy aro all full ilceccd, and consist of 2,800 ewes, flvo years and upwards, now lambing 1,088 do, four years old, do 047 do, three years old, do 908 wethers, three years old 2,140 w ethors and ew es, two years old, about equal 60XCS 8,260 do do, ono year old, do do 73 rams. 10,040 The improvements aro very extensive, of the most substantial character, 'n excellent repair, and are mostly of recent erection Tho fencing, nearly 69 milos in extent, encloses a weaning paddock of 6,000 acres and threo cultivation paddocks, othcr t»o grass pad- docks of 10 and 600 aero«, and a horso paddock of 100 acrcB. The othor improvements comprimo an excellent weatherboard and snluglcd cottago of nlno rooms, lined and papered, and nearly now, detached kitchen, with pantry and servants' rooms, otcrseer's cottago and kitchen, three stores, ono doublo and tno single huts for men, two of which are built of stone, largo stockyard, garden, orchard, Btablo and cart shed, largo woolshed with loft abovo, weatherboard wool store fivo of theso buildings at o roofed with lion The homestead is repleto with every com onionco for tho residence of a gentleman's family, and in ill respects « 111 be found a most comfortable and pleasant home. Nothing is wanting to insure tho succoiBlul and easy working of the station Near the homestead is a houso of accommodation lot to a tenant It l8 built of stone, and has olght rooms, detached stono kitchen or threo rooms, hut. stable with 24 stalls, and vory hugo stockjard. All these, with tho homestead, stand on purchased land, Tho agents would particularly call attention to the admirable position of this station, just within tho New South Wales boundary, and within 00 miles of tho Ecud'go market, and only 160 mllcf from Mel- bourno There is a telegraph station at Moama, 15 miles from tho homestead It is mi el j that a property combining so many advantages comes into tho mar- ket ; and this opportunity of securing ono of tho best stations in New South Wales occurs now solely from the reeessltyof realising a trust estate Intending purchasers aro strongly recommended to inspect the property beforo tho day of sale. A plan of tho runs may Lo seen at the ofllco of Messrs KajeandBut choit, C6 Bourko street west, Melbourne, andovory x1 li cr information obtained from them, or Mcsrs. Dalgety and Compy, Littlo Collins-street west, Mol bourno _Terms, Liboral, to bo declared at Salo._ THURSDAY, 8EPTKMBDB 20 Station In Murrumbidgee District. No Reserve KAYE and BUTOHART will OFFER for SALE, at their rooms, 60 Bourke street west, cn Thursday, September 20, Immediately altor tho salo of tho Moira Stations, Mr. Rcbort Brown's stations, known as BULLPLAIN, COWPASTURE, And SAWYER'S MISTAKE, Without Stock, between tho Murray and tho Billibong, about i1) miles bolow Albury Theso tbrio blocks aro contiguous to each othor, snd compriso about 40 000 acres of excellent fattening; country, consisting of largo open plains, open forests, and sandhills, all woll grassed A largo portion o£ theiuiiB 1B scciirclj finccd, and when completed thoy will becomo laluablo faltoning runs Ono ol tho blcckB is entitled to a lease of 14 j cars from 1860. übe rents and assessments aro very trifling indeed, amounting lu all to only £08 per annum. Ihoso runs will be sold without Btock, and no> reservo will bo placed on them._ " FRIDAY, AUGUSTUS ~ RYAN and HAMMOND lia\o received in- structions from John Kennedy, Esq , to SELL UOTION, at Morton's Hotti, on Tridaj, August SI, at two o'clock p m, BUNDURE STATION, on tho Yanko Creek, district of Murrumbidgee, together with 4,000 head el wtll-bicd cattlo, all o>or two j cars old, a very largo proportion ot which will bo fat during tho next fow months The run, which Is all fenced in, Is noll watered by the Yanko Creek and lagoona, nnd contains about 120 squaro miles of well grassed salt bush plains, with occasional belts of timber. Every aci o of it is good, and it is equally adapted for sheep or catt'e. Tho improvements »re \ ory completo, and consist of n houso of Bevan rooms, with verandah allround; kit- chen, stable, »torc, ovorsoer's hut, &.0 For further particulars apply to Rjan andHam n-oml, 67 Bourke strcot west_ FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28 YANjind HAMMOND will SELL by AUO _i TION, by order of tho mortgageo, nt Morton's otc!, on Friday, Soptombor 28, at ti\ o o'clock, DORADORA STATION, On tho Upper Murra}', N.H W. With 1,600 hoad of cattlo. The cattlo aro well-bred and quiet; there hate boen imported hulls running with them for many years patt. The run consista of woll grassed ridges and nats, is woll-watored to o\ ory part, and contatos about 66,000 acres. Improvements consist ot anew houso of four rooms, with kitchen, sloro, men's hut, stable and garden, stockyard to contain 2,000 head, 2 vory largo grass paddocks, and 2 cultivation paddocks Four stock horses, dray, and tcau of bullocks glvon In Store* furnituro, Ac, to bo taken at a valuation. Terms-One-third cash ; rematador at ono, two, and threo years', bearing 8 por cent._ " THUR8DAY, AUGUST 23. In tho Supromo Court of the Colony of Victoria. Fi Ta. Betwoon Nicholas O'Connor, Plaintiff, ana Henry W. Wilson, Dofcndant. "rVTOTIOE ¡B hereby given, that tho Sheriff for r\ the colony of Victoria will cause to bo SOLD by PUBLIC AUOIION, at tho Supromo Court Hotel, Li Trobo strcot, Molbourno, on Thursday, August 23, at tho hour of twelvo o'clook noon, UnlcBstho execution bo previously satlsüod, Tho right, title, and lnUrest (if any) of theaboto nareid defendant to and to tho slain, liter houso, boiling-down houso, dnollinghomo, stabling, pig- geries, yards, and premíeos hold by the defendant, undor licence from tho Crown, situate at Flshor man'B Bond, nour the Raglan Station on tho Sand- ridge Rillway Line. Terms-cash. GEORGE BURNS, Shorlff'J Ofiicer., MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21. In th J Supromo Court of tbo Colony of Victoria. Fi Fa. Bctwcon Tho Colonial Bank, Plaintiff, And John Bloakloy, Dofondant. TVTOTICE is hereby given, that tho Sherifffor I \ tho colony of Victoria will causo to bo SOLD by PUBLIC AUCTION, at tho Supromo Court Hotel, lu Trobo- stroot, Molbourno, on Monday, SoptcmDor 24, at tho hour of twelvo o'clock noon, UnloBs tho oxooution bo previously satisfied._ Tho right, tltlo. andlntorcBl (if any) of tho above named dofondant in and to all that piece of lanil being part or Portion No. 81, in the par «not Lyndhurst, in tho colony of Victoria, commencing oil the north sido ora road 1 chain wldo, rcsorvod out of tho said Portion No 81, distant 16 chain» 40 links cast from a point in the v. estera boundary Uno of said portion, which laswnontloncd point is distant 27 ehalns north from the sooth wMtMrner of said Portion No. 81, and Isboundolo» hoeouttt by thd said resorved road of one ewin wldo, Mar- ine; cast 27 chains and 06 links ; ou the east by other"part ol said portion, being a IIno bearing" north l8 chains ; on the north by ottos-part of said portion, bearing west ¿7 chains and »6UWU , and on the west by othor part of said portion bearing south 13 chains to the commencing point Together with Iho improvements thereon. Terms-cash. -»." GEORGE BURN», Sheriffs OfflMT. 