c ABSTRACT OF SALES BY ATJOTIOJá¿> fe THIS DAY. at JMcfBTB. C. S. ROSS and Co -At the Flinders street Terminus Spruce deals and battens, laths, slates, Scotch flooring-boards, Mr. STUBBS-At his rooms, Queen-street Latest editions of various law, books, ; choice antique chinaware, shells, tas. At the premises, Grey-street, St. Kilda Household furniture and effects, building must orders, lumber, &c; Messrs JAMES HENDERSON and Co -At Kirk's Bazaar -Bed deer, Mr W. PERRY -At his rooms, Collins street Gilt pier glasses, toilet-glasses, pen and ink illustrations of the Bible. Mr. R F. SIDBBS.-At the rooms, Queen-street-. Patna rice, rare curiosities, stationery, late Mr. H. JOSEPH - At his rooms, Elizabeth street Immigrants' luggage MeEt in FfiASSBcnd COHEN-At their rooms, Collins street Calcutta sugars, the cargo of Cape fruits per Admiral, salad oil, sauces, bottled fruits, Adelaide flour, Mauritius sugars, currants, Eleme raisins, etc. Messrs W. EASEY and Co -At their rooms, Collins street Boots and shoes, felt hats, &c.; Mr. Jerra Prius-At 83 Little Collins-street House- hold furniture and bedding. Messrs GrtEia and MURRAY-At their rooms, Col- lins-street-Martcll's dark brandy, Neva Stearine candles, Taylor Brothers' chocolate and cocoa, Schooling's jujubes, champagne, Wotherspoon's jams, Liverpool coarse and fine salt, corn sack-, hams and bacon, North Wilts and Cheddar cheese, dried apples, Liverpool soap, butter, tobacco, Bolt, Colza oil, raw and boiled oil, turpentine, French, condies, Patna rice, blacking, grocers' twine, soda biscuits, cream of tartar, port wine, whiskey, Byass's ale, old tom, and various other merchan- dise." On the Australian Wharf Hard. wood ox Urania, Messrs KAYE and BUTCHART -At Mount Aitken Pure bred stock, household furniture. Mr. H A Cowm.-AtLlojd's Rooms, Collins street British ship Black Eagle Mr J WADE At his rooms, Collins street-Bank- rupt's stock of drapery, boots and shoes, slops, c Messrs Poscaa.li and K MeniN - At their yards', Bourke street - Working bullocks, gear, and drays, draught horses and mares. Mr S. AAEON -At 141 Elizabeth street Boots and shoes, clothing, c. Messrs Buss and Co -At their rooms, Queenstreet Adelaide flour; Californian, Irish, and colonial oats Mr. JAMES EVANS -At the premises, Punt-hill Fur- niture and effects Mr J. BELLIN.-At the Fitzroy Auction Mart, Ger trude-street- Furniture, Co Sales by Auction. THIS DAY " Scotch Flooring boards S. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, August 21, 6000ft. of Scotch flooring-boards, O x 12 3000ft of hardwood weatherboards. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Slates. Slates Slates To the Timber Trade, Slaters, Builders, and Others. CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, c at the Hobson's Bay Railway Terminus, rain Tyers-street, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, 20,000 20 x 16 blue Bangor slates. Terms Liberal THIS DAY. 2,000 Spruce Deals and Battens. To the Timber Trade, Contractors, Builders, and Others CS, ROSS and Co will SELL by AUCTION,, 2 at the Hobson's Bay Railway Terminus. Flinders street, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock. Ex Tudor, 2,000 spruce deals and battens, assorted lengths. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. Laths Lath. Laths To Plasterers, Builders, Timber Merchants, and Others. S. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at the Hobson's Bay Railway Terminus, Flinders street, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, 100,000 4ft. 6in. sawn laths, i Terms Liberal. "~ THIS DAY To Gentlemen of the Bar, Law Booksellers, and Others Latest Edition Latest Edition Of Law Books Just Landed, ex Suffolk. And So be sold so that Account Sales may be forwarded per Mail Steamer. JR. STUBBS, agent throughout the Australian colonies to Messrs V and R Stein ens and (late StonE and Norton), law publishers and booksellers. Bell yard, Lincoln's Inn, London, has been favoured with a consignment of the latest editions of the following law books - Selwyn's Nisi Prius, 2 vols, cloth Wharton's Law Lexicon, do Archbold's Queen s Bench, 2 vols, do Chitty's Forms, do mold's Justice of the Peace, do > Archbold's Criminal Law, do ( Coleman's Costs, do ' Chitty on Bills ' Greenwood's Conveyancing ! Ince's Trustee Act of Prideaux's Precedents 1 Smith's Mercantile Law Tudor'B Mercantile Cases Webster's Costa Scott's do Ayckhourne'a Chancery Form?, 2 vols. Brooke's Notary, and Brown's Maxims Bainbridge on Mines Christie on Willa Dart's Vendors, Tripp'a Forms Elmer's Lunacy Fisher's Supplement to Harrison, 2 vols. Do Annual Digest, 1850 7 Jervis on Coroner Petgravc's Principal and Agent Paley's Convictions, Phillips on Lunacy BUB toll's Awards Roscoe's Criminal Evidence Bugden's Vendors Stephen's Questions * Watson's Shorlff Warren's Law Studios Daniel's Chancery Practice Starkie on the Law of Evidence, &c.; Par invoice i Note -The above will be sold by public auction, at the mart, Queen street, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock precisely. THIS DAY. To Connoisseurs and Lovers of Choice Works. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the mart, Queen-street on Tuesday, August 21, Immediately after the sale of law books, A small collection of choice antique- china ware, f Shells, go. ' Also, An extraordinary fine work of art, consisting of a circular pen and ink drawing on white satin, forming a small table. This most singular and rare work must be seen to he appreciated ; it forms a perfect study of all the most celebrated chef d'oeuvres of the ancients. This rare gem is dated 1786, and is the work of the celebrated Comte de Party. Without Reserve THIS DAY. Household Furniture and Effects. St. Kilda. MR. STUBBS has received instructions from the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his residence, Grey-street, St. Kilda (oppo- site the residence of the Hon. William Nicholson, ILL A.), on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, All the valuable household furniture and effects, comprising- 3 Rosewood cottage pianoforte, by one of the first makers Walnut loo and other tables Chairs Sofas " I Pier glasses f Platedware Tea service Carpets, To. j Four-post bedstead, and the usual bedroom furniture a Kitchen utensils ' And, A Valuable collection of books. After which, A quantity of building materials, number, So WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 20. High-street, Maldon. To Newly-arrived Immigrants. Successful Miners and Moneyed Publicans. To be Soulby Order of the Mortgagee, Viz. The Tarrangower Hotel, Including, Allotment 1 of Section 1, Town of Maldon. ' Allotment 2 of Section 1, Do. Allotment 3 of Section 1, Do. Allotment 4 of Section 1, Do. ' Farm, 108a. lr. BSp. MR. STUBBS is instructed by the mortgagee to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the rooms, Queen-street, on Wednesday, August 20, at twelve o'clock precisely, The whole of the above properties, situate in the increasing township of Maldon, including 3 who Tarrangower Hotel, i Now in full trade. The 108a. farm will be sold separate. Terms liberal. Further particulars as to title may he ascertained at the offices of Messrs. Muttlebury and Malleson, solicitors, Queen-street. . Title Guaranteed.' FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. """" To Town Capitalists and Others First-class Central City Property. Between The Salutation Inn And Mr. Levien's Extensive Grocery Warehouse. No. ICO Bourke-street. By Order of the Mortgagee ' TB. STUBBS is favoured with instructions from the mortgagee to SELL by PUBLIC TION, on Friday, the 7th day of September, on the premises, Bourke-street, at twelve o'clock precisely, All the EC two-storied stone and brick-built central business premises, suitable for The capitalist who seeks a secure investment for his money. Terms and further particulars will appear in a future newspaper and for title parties are respectfully referred to Messrs. Muttlebury and Malleson, solicitors, Queen-street. " To FARMERS, DAIRYMEN, and Others. Weekly Bales. TIT S. FYFE holds WEEKLY SALES by WV . AUCTION of COWS, Pigs, So., every Monday, at Henderson and Co.'s Bazaar, Bourke street. Mrs" WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. " \--2 2s Prior to Catalogue Sale. 6 Bales of Cotton Flock. To Furniture Dealers, Upholsterers, Storekeepers, and Others. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins-street east, on Wednesday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, 6 bales of cotton flock. _ To close a consignment WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. Prior to Catalogue Sale. To Furniture Dealers, Woiohousomen, Private Parties, and Others. 1 Bale of Square Kidderminster Carpets. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins street east, on Wednesday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, 1 bale of square Kidderminster carpets, 8-1, 0 i, and 104. Terms at Sale. ~ WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. " Catalogue Sale of New and Secondhand Household Furniture, and Miscellaneous Goods. To Private Parties Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, Hotel and Boarding-house Keepers, Storekeepers, and Others. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will hold their regular Wednesday's Catalogue SALE by AUC aN, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Colllns-street east, on Wednesday, August 22, commencing at twelve o'clock, The day's sale will comprise the undermentioned articles of furniture, to. : Bedroom Furniture. Single and double iron bedsteads, horsehair and other mattresses, bolsters, feather pillows, f Cedar, mahogany, and painted chests of drawers, Cane-seat chairs, looking-glasses, towel rails, washstands and toilet tables. Diningroom and Parlour Furniture. Carpets. mahogany and cedar sofas, in hair and cloth Cedar and mahogany chairs, do Couches, chiffonniere, sideboards, telescope and loo tables easy-chairs, oak and mahogany hall chairs, hat and umbrella stands. Drawingroom Furniture. Suite of rosewood furniture in amber-coloured damask, do in blue and flowered damask, couches, easy chairs, side-table in rosewood and walnut ood, fancy Cane-seat chairs, what nots, rosewood loo tables, devonports. Handsome gilt pier glasses, in a variety of patterns and sizes. Beauchamp Brothers would call particular attention to their Wednesday's sales. Parties giving up housekeeping and wishing to realize upon their furniture and effects will find the above rooms, with the auctioneers long experience in the furniture trade, their easiest and best plan of obtaining a fair market value. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. Prior to Catalogue Sale. To Publicans, Dealers, and Others. bar-fittings, Bagatelle table, Beer-engine. Without Reserve. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins-street east, on Wednesday, August 23, at eleven o'olock, Superior bar-fittings, polished cedar carved pll lars.lwltb chiffonniere and plate glass attached 1 five-pull beer engine, with piping, complete 1 slate-bed bagatelle table, with ivory balls, mark -. lng-board, cues, &c.;, complete. , To be sold Without Reserve. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. Zebra-wood Pianoforte ToPlivato Families and Others in Want of a First class Investment. Without Reserve. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins-street east, on Wednesday, August 22, at twelve o'clock, 1 superior cottage pianoforte, fine tone, in hand- some zebra-wood case, by Townes. Without Reserve. "" WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. Prior to Catalogue Sale of Furniture. A 44 Cases American Clocks, To Watch and Clock Makers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. TJ BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received JTB instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins-street east, on Wednesday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, An invoice of best American clocks, say I cases J.D O O.G. spring 10 do cottage T P. I do wide-awake strike 2 do Doric or Olive strike 2 do Prince of Wales 4 do 8in. octagon lever 5 do sharp Qothia 8 do gilt lattice 8 do oak leaf 4 do Oin. octagon lover. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. Our Catalogue Sale of the above Date will comprise the whole of the Household Furniture and Effects of an Hotel. Removed for Convenience of Sale. To Parties Furnishing, Hotelkeepers, Furniture Dealers, and Others. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins-street east, on Wednesday, August 22, at twelve o'clock. The entire furniture and effects of an hotel. ( The Whole to be Sold Without Reserve. \- THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. Twist Tobacco. Twist Tobacco. At Hamilton's Bonded Store, For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. 26 Cases Twist Tobacco. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. S BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received instructions from the importers to SELL by yriON, at Hamilton's Bonded Store, on Thursday, August 28, at eleven o'clock, The following tobacco ex Windward, Hamlin, master, from New York: William Crampton, Blackberry Twist, 26 cases, each containing eight tin boxes, twist tobacco. Terms Cash. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. 18 Bolos Indiarubber Hose and Bolting-. Co Ironmongers, Machinists', Engineers, Ship chandlers, and Dealers. Prior to Catalogue Sale of Ironmongery. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received JT instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins-street east, on Friday, August 24, at eleven o'clock, The undermentioned specification of first-class patent indiarubber hose and belting- : Sec. 746-1 bale, containing 1,000ft. J in, 3-ply hose 740-1 do, do 700ft. J-in. do 747-1 do, do 600ft. 12in do 748-1 do, do 200ft. Hill. do 800ft. 15 in. do 740-1 do, do 500ft. 15 in. do 760, 708-2 bales, do 800ft. 2 In. do 761, 762-2 bales, each containing 250ft, 3in. do 768-1 bale, containing 200ft. 2in. spiral 767-1 do, do 200ft light. do 764-1 do, do 1 best 8-in. 3-ply, 240ft. 1 do 4 in. 3-ply, 262ft. 1 do 5-in. 4 ply, 246ft. 765-1 do, do 4 do 6-in. 4-ply, 160ft. 1 do 7-in. 4-ply, 150ft. Attention is respectfully requested to the above invoice of superior india- rubber nose and betting, to be sold prior to catalogue sale of ironmongery, on Friday, August 21, at eleven o'clock. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY,' AUGUST 24. To the Ironmongers of Melbourne and Suburbs, Geelong, and Provincial Towns, Shippers to Tasmania, New South Wales, Queensland, Ad. Ialdo, and New Zealand, Speculators, Dealers, and Others. 60 Packages very Superior ironmongery. 200 Dozen three-room Buckets. 180 Nests Tubs, Eight in Nott. 200 Boxes clothes-pins, Whittled Heads. 30 Cases Fairbanks Scales, Assorted. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received in JTj) structions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins street east, on Friday, August 24, at eleven o'clock, 6 casks T hlugef, assorted Sizes 4 do Chamberlain and Nettlefold's patent screws hhds. japanned wore, oak and gilt toilet jugs and basins, footbaths, washstands, shower and sponge baths 0 do soup tureens, Griffiths and Heart's coffee pots 2 cases padlocks, J, 2, 2 J. 25 26, and 8-inch 1 cascade do, tumbler and duplicate keys 8 casks brass head nails, brass snuffers, brass pad- locks 2 carifB Bosh-rastoncrs, rack puVJoys, and brass butt hinges . . 4 do. not blind furniture, white door knobs, glan do ; opal door handles, brass door knockers, ac. 2 do brass chest, till, and cupboard locks a do calico and, curtain bands, patent blind end", polo brackets, colourings, and curtain hooks 1 case knife buckets 12 patent cottage mangles 8 Baker's patent mangles 0 very handsome bronzed hat and umbrella stands 20 register grates 78 bags cut floor breads 40 kegs En bank's patent nails, assorted sizes 200 dozen American three-hoop palls I 150 nests tubs, 5 each 200 boxes whittled head clothes-pins 80 cases Fairbanks patent platform and other scales, tO. Terms liberal. The auctioneers beg to call particular attention to the above extensive sale of furnishing and builders,' ironmongery, American goods, to , all being of first class manufacture, and just landed in beautiful c< edition. Catalogues In course of preparation, and can be had at the rooms, 38- and 40 COIHUB street east, on Wednesday. THIS DAY. Red Deer. JAMES HENDERSON and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at Kirk's Bazaar, Bourke street, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, The well-known racehorse Red Deer. He is in first-rate condition, a beautiful hack and for positive sale WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. Minerva, JAMES HENDERSON and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at Kirk's Bazaar, Bourke-street, on "VI Wednesday, August 22, at twelve o'clock. Minerva, bay more, four years old, by Dow, out of Melita, < PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Extensive Sale of Superior Household Furniture. Dogcart, Horse, Harness, &c.; To Persons Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and Others. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry will SELL by AUCTION, on the premises on an early day (due notice of which will be given), at twelve o'clock, Excellent suite drawingroom furniture, in walnut wood and rich silk damask Walnut wood chiffonniere Do loo table ' Chandelier Proof prints a Elkington's best platedware > Splendid assortment of glassware ! Handsome chimney glass ! Musical-box, drum and triangle I Pianoforte , Chlffbnnlere-bookcaEO loo and card tables Sofa Mahogany chain, a leather and hair cloth Carpets and rugs Iron bedsteads Hair mattresses Wardrobe, very handsome Kitchen utensils, &c.; Also, A very superior Whitechapel dogcart Horse and harness. Terms cash. Further particulars in a few days. THIS DAY. " In Furniture Dealers, Persons Furnishing, and Others To close Accounts, 27 Cases Gilt Pier Glasses, Toilet Glasses, &c.; Ex Leaping Water. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday. August 21, at twelve o'clock, Without reserve, 8 cases carved gilt pier glasses, 00 x £0 I do do, 70 x 60 1 cosenmhogany scroll pillar cheval-glasse»,48 x 28 2 cases twist pillar marble-top toilet glasses 2 do pedestal boxes, patent centres, polished backs late mahogany scroll pillar chop al-glasscB,40 x 24. Without reserve. < Terms at sale. The above are all landed in splendid condition, and are now on view at the auction rooms. THIS DAY. To Connoisseurs, Clergymen, and Others. Bible Illustrated. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, : Splendid large framed specimens of pen and ink illustrations of the Bible. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. 4 By Order of the Trustees in the Estate of Julius Kaeppel. i Sherry, Port, Claret, Old Tom, &o.; WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street west, on Wednesday, August 22, at twelve o'clock, Removed for convenience of BBIO, J By order of the trustees in the above estate, 2 linds sherry 11 do port 5 60 CMOS claret 8 do old tom 13 do screw on Sykes' hj drome for, copper measures, syphon and pump, desks and office furniture, Terms at sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. To Saddlers, Ironmongers and Others. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. 1 Case Saddlers' Ironmongery. Ex Carntyne. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street, on Wednesday, August 22, at twelve o'clock, 1 case assorted saddlers' ironmongery - Best polished snaffle joint pillars, with curbs and spring hooks Do rule joint pelham Stirrup irons and leathers Snaffle heads and runs Births, ie. Terms cash. All more or less damaged. To be Sold for the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. " WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. . To Surveyors, Draughtsmen, and Others. Drawing Instruments, Sun0}orsVOhains, Lo. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street west, on Wednesday, August 22, at twelve o'clock, To close account", 12 cases superior drawing instruments, surveyors' chains, arrows, &c.; Terms at Sale. MONDAY, AUGUST 27. To Speculators, Poultry Breeders, Dairymen, and Others. COO Acres Rich Grazing Land, Parish of Concord, near the Little River Railway Station, adjoining the property of Thomas Chirnside, Esq. 60 Acres Well cultivated Land at Oakleigh. 12 Acres Land near the residence of H. Newton, Esq, ' M LA. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) has received instructions, from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, August 27, at twelve of o'clock, ' , Lot 1. 600 acres rich pastoral land, situate in the parish , of Corcoran. near the Little River Railway Station, and adjoining the magnificent property of Thomas Chirnside, Esq, the railway fence form- ing one of the boundaries, and affording an excellent opportunity to poultry breeders, dairy- men, cattle dealers, and others requiring such description of property. A large portion of the purchase-money can remain on mortgage. Lot 2. A very valuable farm of £0 acres, situated about nine miles from Melbourne, well and securely fenced in and divided into paddocks, close to the village of Oakleigh, 20 acres are now under cultivation, the remainder of the land is being i ploughed. There is erected a comfortable and substantially built brick house, containing five rooms, eight stalled stable, a large building also built of brick, a tastefully laid out flower gordon, ' orchard, vineyard, etc. A plea tion of the purchase money can remain on mortgage, 32 acres of land close to the township of Oakleigh, Had near to the residence of H. Newton, Esq, M.L.A. Titles unexceptionable. ' Terms, exceedingly liberal, declared at sale. The auctioneer is desirous of calling the attention of dairymen, cattle dealers, &c;, to the above favourable opportunity for purchasing first-class pastoral land on very Hpoial forms R. THIS DAY. To Connoisseurs and Others. Curiosities, Works of Art, c BP, STUBBS has received instructions from ia the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, A collection of rare and very valuable " curios". Full Particulars at Sale THIS DAY ' Stationery. Ex Lyra On Account of Whom it May Concern. F. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the rooms, Queen-street, on Tueday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, HVM, 2 cases assorted stationery. More or less damaged. Particulars at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. Just Landed. Patna Rice , On Account of Whom it May Concern. ' T) I". STUBBS has received instructions to the SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the rooms, Queen-street, on Wednesday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, ' ¡ 270 bags Patna rice j More or less damaged. j In lots to suit purchasers. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. Upper Hawthorne i 2 Acres of Land. Absolute Sale. G WALSTAB has received instructions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at the Governor Hotham Hotel, Hawthorne, on Wednesday, August 22, at four o'clock in the afternoon, 2 acres of land. This property is situate immediately in the rear of Mrs. Crawley 's residence, within a quarter of a mile from Judge Wrixon's and half a mile from Judge Molesworth and Mr. Duffy's residences, five miles from town. It has a frontage a road leading to Kew, has all its native of timber standing on it, and is a very nice spot for the erection of a suburban residence, being on high ground and commanding extensive views. Further particulars to be had at the auctioneer's offices, 85 CollinB- strcetwctt. SATURDAY, AUGUST 25. Brighton Esplanade Two Choice Allotments of Land, Fronting the Esplanade, between the Great Brighton and Retreat Hotels. Absolute Sale. G WALSTAB has received instructions to SELL, at the Retreat Hotel, on Saturday, August 25, at three o'clock In the afternoon, Two allotments of land, fronting the esplanade, each having a frontage of 68ft 7in by a depth of 270ft, 1 founded in the rear by -- street. These allotments are situated in the best put of the colorado, being on the rising ground. in having been decided immediately to extend the railway to the Great Brighton Hotel, the land on the Ctrl' made Will bccorocmucb. in demand, but It is rarely an opportunity will occur to purchase any of the) allotments, as they are chiefly held by persons not likely to put them in the market. Ino auctioneer, therefore, invites attendance at this solo, which will be absolute. Mr. Ashling, of the Retreat Hotel, has offered to allow the allotments, further particulars at the auctioneer's offices, 85 Collins-street west ' OTIS DAY. Without Reren e , Immigrants' Luggage. H JOSEPH has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, No 116 Elizabeth meet, on Tuesday, Augttttil, at eleven o'clock, 46 boxes containing imuiiurniits* luggage line Cash on the Fall of the Baconer. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. To Private Families, Hotelkeepers, and Others. Positive and Unreserved Sale of Superior Plato, Looks ing, Tray, Pier, and other Glasses. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, in at their mart, Bourke-street, on Wednesday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, The following sup. glasses, &c.;, viz. : _ 1 case, 4 very handsome pier glasses, 40 x 80 1 do, 4 do do, do do 1 do, 4 do do, 60 s 40 1 do, 2 do do, 00 X 40 1 do, 2 do do, 00 X 48 ' 2 do, do do, 2413 2 do, 12 do do, 24 £10. Also, large quantity of tray, swing, toilet, and other Without Reserve Terms Cash. THURSDAY, AUGUST 28. Positive and Unreserved Solo of 123 Trunks Superior Winter and Other Goods. Ex Suffolk and Great Tasmania. To the Boot and Shoe Trade of Melbourne, the i Suburbs, and Others. J LYONS and Co. are favoured with in a structions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke street, on Thursday, August 28, at eleven o'clock, 128 trunks and boxes boots and shoes, just landed, Ex Suffolk and Great Tasmania, til being first-class seasonable goods, and consisting of Ladies' Buporlor balmorals, 2 and 5 Do cashmere, E.S., assorted do Do calf aborted slippers Do elastic sides, military boots, assorted colours Women's cloth boots, E.S, pumps Do coloured cashmere, patent tops, sprigs Girls' best cashmere boots, patent front , Do memel balmoral.-, patent boots Children's coloured cashmere boots, E.S. Do assorted button boots ladies' coloured morocco balmorals , Maids' leather, LV and 3 Men's sup. calf bluchers, sapper trees Do do army bluchers, tried ' Police wellingtons, trood Gentlemen's sup long wellingtons Do Bup. patent E S. boots Do colonial sprigged 3 wellingtons Do do half Wellington's I Men's first class artillery wellingtons Do do bluchers Youths' and boys' about bluchers Men's and youths' assorted watertights, Do. -2 Terms at Sole _ FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Pawnbroker's Sale of Unredeemed Pledges. ,, T LYONS and Co. are instructed by Mr. at a Aaron Pinkus, licensed pawnbroker, of 233 Elizabeth-street, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke-street, on Friday, August 24, at eleven o'clock, A quantity of unredeemed pledges, &c;, consisting of gold and silver watches, gold rings, m sorted chains, clothing, firearms, docks, etc Terms Cash. AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. THE undersigned desire to call attention to their SALE of the cargo of NEW FRUIT ox AI jarrah, from the Cape ; Calcutta and Mauritius Grocery Sugars in 50lb. bags ; Adelaide Flour, so. FRASER and COHEN. THIS DAY. """* 6 caroteels and 6 Barrels Currants. 78 Boxes Eleme Raisins. 20 Cases Volckman's Jams. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instate P tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, 5 caroteels and 6 barrels currants 78 boxes Eleme raisins 20 cases Volckman'a jams. To be Sold without reserve. To close accounts. Terms at Sale. ' ~ THIS DAY. Ill COBOS Salad Oil, Fruits, Sauces, c Just Landed, ex Some venture. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instruct JP tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, B W, in diamond, 20 cases pint pickles, assorted 10 do half-pint salad oil 160 do pint do 50 do assorted bottled fruits 0 do finest red herrings 10 do lib jams, assorted 10 do half pint mushroom ketchup 10 do Worcestershire sauce 6 do castor oil. The above Invoice is just landed, and the goods are consequently all fresh, and in first-rate condition. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. 50 Tons Adelaide Flour. Stay on and Coke. To Millers, Bakers, Storekeepers, and Others. "FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- JJ tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street west, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, 60 tons Adelaide flour, Stevens and Coke. Terms at Sale ~~~~~~ THIS DAY. 880 Bags Mauritius Sugar. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, Sec. 12-200 bags Mauritius sugar 16-120 do do. To close a shipment. No reserve. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Important Sale of Calcutta GrocerySuRars. 2,0 0 Bags Gurpitta Sugar. - Containing 801. Each, Nott. 810 Do. Do , containing 701. Do. To Merchants, Grocers, Brewers, Storekeepers, and Others. "BjlRASER and COHEN have received instruc- fv tions from Messrs. Grice, Sumner, and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. Collins street, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, i GS, 2,000 bags Qurpatta sugar, each 801. 810 do do, each 701. Terms at sale. The attention of the trade is especially called to this sale of fine Calcutta grocery sugars, of of quality hither to unknown in this market, but which will be round, on inspection, admirably adapted for grocery and bren ing purposes. The sandy nature of the packages U also a recommendation Samples will be on view at the rooms of the auctioneers, on Monday next, the 20th inst. THIS DAY. ; Cargo of the Admiral, from the Cape. 2,430 Boxes Cape Raisins, New Fruit. 100 Boxes Almonds, 26 Bags Do. To the Merchants and Trade of Melbourne, Geelong Ballarat, Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Beechworth, re. T BASEBand COHEN have received instruc- W' tions from the importers. Messrs. Downie and Murphy, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, The cargo of the Admiral, from the Cape, consisting of R and A 1,000 boxes fine loose raisins, ouch 50lb. 220 do do do, each 50lb. 208 do do do, each 281. . 100 do do do, each 281. 681 do do do, such 601. ? 211 do do do, each 50lb. 10 do do do, each 261. 100 boxes almonds 26 bags do. The attention of the trade is specially called rather, important sale of new fruit, In splendid condition. Samples will be on view at, the rooms of the race tioneers on Monday next, the 20th inst. Arrange To cuts are made for the discharge of the vessel at a bo Railway Pier, in order that the fruit may be available for prompt delivery. > Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. On Account of Whom it May Concern, 64 Trunks of Boots and Shoes. Ex-. f BASEs and COHEN are instructed to S? SELL by AUCTION, at the mart, on Thursday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, On account of whom it may concern. Ex-, 54 trunks of assorted boots and shoes. Full particulars in future issue. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. For Positive Sale, To Capitalists, Speculators, Farmers, and Others. Land at Essendon. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Friday, August 24, at twelve o'clock. 20 acres land opposite the Railway Station and Reserve, Essendon, and about half a mile from the Farmers' Hotel, on the main road. The land is at present under crop, and is described in the deed as follows: All that piece or parcel of land situate in the past if lief Doutta Galla, in the county of Bourke, in the colony of Victoria aforesaid, being part of Allotment A, of section Number 0, containing | by admeasurement 20 acres, be the same a little more or less, commencing at the N.W. corner of the said allotment, and bounded on the north by a Government road by a line bearing east 10 chains ; then on the east by other part of the raid allotment by a line bearing south 10 chains and 94 links; then on the south by a part of the southern boundary line of the Bald allotment by a line bearing west 10 chains ; then on the west by a part of the western boundary line of the said allotment by a line bearing north 20 j chains to the commencing point aforesaid ; together with all and singular houses, c The auctioneers can confidently recommend the above to persons seeking a good investment for their money ; it presents, especially to formers, a rare opportunity for the purchase of really first- class agricul land land, being situate nearly opposite the railway station, and short distance from town, I Terms. liberal, at sale. Note day of sale Friday, August 24. BLACK EAGLE. fTvHE SALE of GOODS ex Black Eagle, ad- j I refused to take place on Wednesday. August 28, POSTPONED until Monday, August 27, at the stores of J. H. Clough and Co. FRASER and COHEN, auctioneers, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. Great Clearing Gale at the Stores or Messrs. Flower, M'Donald, and Co.. 2 William street, Wines, Spirits, Ale, and Porter, In case and bulk. Groceries, Provisions, Tobacco, &c.; To the Merchants and Trade it Large of Melbourne. Geelong, Ballarat, Beechworth, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, c ' FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- s.A us T?íS5íí?..Flower' M Donald, and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their stores, William street, on Wednesday, August 22, at eleven o'clock. 20 hhds bulk claret, St Eatepho sales £00 cases Chateau Medoo ~" 160 do burgundy 480 do claret, St Estephe 10 hhdB pale sherry, diamond, VP conjoined 20 quarters do 10 do Coscns's do, treble diamond 8 hhds. do 7 quarters do 5 butts 16 hhd. and 10 quarters Kingston sherry 2 hhds and quarters pale shiny, diamond 2 do and 4 do do, double diamond 2 do and 4 do do, treble diamond 0 quarters Manzanilla Sherry OduBurdon'sdo 13 do sherry 20 cases dark sherry, cask 8 dozen ) 20 do port, each S do ' 400 do Highland whiskey 72 do whiskey, west of Scotland 600 do Kirkliston do 48 do Thin's do 150 do Mackay's do J 10 hhds gin, Thistle 24 do geneva, key 400 red cases der, another 100 green do, do , , 450 do do, JDKZ ' ' 200 cases stomach bitters , 25 hhds W.I lum,80o p. ' £0 do Taylor and Co's stout 25 do Whitbread a do 75 cases Allsopp's ale, events and pints 20 do BiasB'a do, quarts " 170yds Whitwell side quarts and pints 100 casks Coope, Ind, and Co 's do, quarts 176 cases Byass's porter, quarts and pints 60 casks Barclay's do, quarts 15 boxes maizena, each 801. 48 do corn starch ' £00 do sago 100 do Hale's carriage candles 200 boxes Hale's British sperm candles 20 do chocolate 1 40 do mustard, Jib and lib. SO do lib lobsters 40 barrels pilchards 200 half and quarter barrels dried apples 48 cases hams York and Sinclair's 48 do bacon, Breruner's and Sinclair's 209 bags Randall's flour £50 do Dunn's do 100 do Poole's do 20 tons Sheepwash tobacco 60 cases Rana Avis tons tobacco 20 do Dingo, tons 20 boxes do, tens j 20 cases do, do 50 boxes JCBSIO Brown's, tenB £0 do Champion Morphy, tons 02 cases Kangaroo, Jib. 10 rio Ballarat, Jib £5 boxes Black Diamond, tens 600 do tobacco pipes This large sale deserves the attention of the trade ; all the goods first class, and selected specially for this market Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Unreserved Sale of 144 Packages of Messrs J. Davies and Son's Goods. he Roxburgh Castle. To the Boot and Shoe Trade, Storekeepers, and Others. THE EASBY and Co. have received instructions way from Messrs Parbury, Lamb, and Co to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, 144 trunks and boxes of boots and shoes, all spring and summer goods, Just landed, ex Roxburgh Castle, comprising Men's stout wellington boots Gentlemen's best calf boots, elastic sides Do kid top do, calf goloshed Do mcmcl do, do Men's Kip army bluchers, shredded Women's calf lace boots, do Ladies' best cashmere de, elastic sides Do do, patent fronts Do do, black bottoms Do cloth do, elastic-side pumps Do kid do, do Do best cashmere de military heels Do coloured cashmere de, patent tops, springs Do best do do, patent fronts Women s coloured do, do Girls' best cashmere boots, patent fronts Do coloured do, do Do seemed Balmorals, patent, heels Do cordovan boots, welts Children's coloured cashmere de, Elastic Sides, pumps Do black do do, do Do kid balmoral do, do Do do, to button Do memel do, do Do coloured morocco shoes, strips Gentlemen's best coloured morocco Grecian slippers 5 Do Brighton slippers Do Margate do Do buff do Women s v velvet do Ladies' Berlin do Do best Brighton do Do do Margate do, so The auctioneers beg to direct the attention of the trade to the above cole of Messrs Davies and Son's goods, all suitable for the approaching reason, and ams DAY. 0 Cases Men's Felt Wide awake Hats. To Hatscllors, Clothiers, and Others W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, 5 cases felt hats, comprising, 24 dozen mouse, slate, and lavender Canadian wide awakes 24 dozen do do 24 dozen do do 14 dozen do do 24 dozen black, drab, do do. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, AUGUST 28 Bacon, Chicory. Mustard, Bottled Trott's, Lemon Peel Vinegar, Paper, Salt, do To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, ' f, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Thursday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, 20 cases Brobnir's bacon 20 do chicory 10 do Btivcn'a mustard 15 do O and B a bottled fruits 8 do lemon peel 0 do Kollier a 2lb jams 20 quarter casks vinegar 6 bales grey paper 5 do purple do 20 cases jar salt 16 do Feast's onions. No reserve. is Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. 800 Bags Fine Mauritius Sugars. To Close Accounts. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, in at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Thursday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, 800 logs fine Mauritius sugars. To close accounts. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, AUGUST 28. 100 Firkins D. R. Cork Butter. 77 Bags English dressed Patna Rice. 10 Cases Tapioca. 40 Barrels Barcelona Nuts. Ex VenuE. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 86 Collins-street west, on Thursday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, Ex Venus, 100 Arkins D. R, Cork butter 77 bags English dressed Patna rice 19 cases tapioca 49 barrels Barcelona nuts. To be sold without reserve Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. 110 Bags Mauritius Sugars. More or Less Damaged by Sea water. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others.' TST EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, of Y 4 at their rooms, 88 Collins- street west, on Thursday, August 28, at eleven o'clock, HO bags Mauritius sugars. More or less damaged by sea-water, and Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Terms Cash. THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. 3,000 Bushels Fine Danish Oats. For Positive Sale. To Cornfactors, Livery Stable Keepers, Contractors, and Others. -THE- EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, ff 2 at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Thursday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, 8,000 bushels fine Danish oats. A fine sample, and to be sold. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. 27 Cases Swiss Cigars, best Brands. To Tobacconists, Up-country Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on 3 Thurs day, August 23, at eleven o'clock, Ex Cote d'Or, O. C A., M. V. F Co, 0 cases very fine Garten and Ormond's Swiss cigars 15 do envoy sons Gordon and Ormond's do do 3 do vovcy sans Maqulcn, Vaude and Co.'s do do. The attention of purchasers is not added to the 1 ove sale. The cigars are of the finest quality, and will be sold, so the trade should not lose the present opt ortunity. Terms Liberal TUESDAY, AUGUST 28. 25 Bottles Best Spanish Quicksilver. To Ironmongers, Quartz Crushers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on 'Thursday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, ' 26 bottles best Spanish quicksilver, Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Graham v. Dennys 1 JOHN PHILP will SELL by PUBLIC AUC a) TION, at 88 Little Collins-street east, on Tuesday, Atrocity, atckveno'cl'ck, receive household furniture and bedding, G G THIS DAY, " Sardines, Green Peas, Fry's Cocoa, Chocolate, Se. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, 26 cases sardines, quarter tins 8 do green peas, half tins 2 do soluble cocoa " " 2 do homcDopathlo cocoa I do soluble chocolate Also, 10 casks ale. _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY ' 100 Boxes Light-weight Candles, each 25 packet!. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. BEIG and MURRAY are instructed by the _ importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, 100 boxes light weight candles each 25 packets. A splendid sample Terms at Sale THIS DAY. 16 TlorccB Victoria cured Prime Mess Beef. ; Each 8000 To Provision Merchants, Ship Chandlers, and Others BEIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC _, TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, 15 tierces Victoria-cured prime mess beef, each 8001b. No reserve. Terms-Cash. " THIS DAY 20 Cases Dunlop Cheese. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at two olva o clock, 20 cases Dunlop cheese. No reserve Terms Cash THIS DAY 85 Bags Caroline Second Race. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. BEIG and MURRAY will SELL by AJC " ' TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, twelve o'clock, 83 bags Carolina seed rice No reserve. Terms Cash. a THIS DAY. " 85 Bags Danish Oats More or Less Damaged. To Corn Merchants and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, 85 bags Danish oats fali¡,htly damaged. No reserve Terms Cash with GB SIT at THIS DAY. £0 Cases Superior Champagne, each 1 dozen, quarts. 25 Do Do Claret do, do Ex Cote d On To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others (I BEIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUG ST TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, 50 cases superior champagne, each 4 dozen, quarts, JOB Perrier and File and Co 25 do do claret, do, Modoc and St Julien. Ex Cote d Or Terms at Sale. THIS DAY 5 Butts Fine pale Sherry, Paul y Dastls. 10 Do Medium, Do To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'olock, 6 butts finest pale sherry, Paul v Easts 10 do medium do, do Terms at Sale. THIS DAY 80 Cases Bell and Black's Plaid Vestas, To Grocers, Storekeepers and Others. t BEIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC \- TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August e, twelve o'clock, 80 cases Bell and Black's plaid vestas, assorted To close accounts for the mail. Without reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY " Ex Britannia, SOFlrldnBHonan'aPiimoD R Cork Butter In Cloth To Chcosomongcrs, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others f\ BEIG and MURRAY have received instruc fJC tions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, Ex Britannia, 80 Arkins Honan's double rose Cork butter, in J cloth. The above is a prime parcel, in fine order, and to be sold Without reserve. Terms Cash " THIS DAY --- Important Sale of New Goods, now Just Landing. 200 Quarter Barrels Dried Apples 60 Half Barrels Do 100 Tins Soda Biscuits 80 Cases Cream Tartar. 80 Casks Bros s Ale. 60 Cases Port Wine, 60 Do Whiskey 130 Do Swaine and Boord's Old Tom Also, 3,000 Secondhand Gunny Bags To Merchants, Storekeepers, Mine and Spirit Merchants and Others GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o clock, 200 quarter barrels dried apples 50 half barrels do 100 tins soda biscuits 20 cases cream tartar 5 casks Bj assassin £3 cases port who £0 do whiskey ISO do Swaine and Boord sold tom Also, 8,000 secondhand gunny bags Alt in fine order and condition Terms at Sale THIS DAY ~~~ 20 Cases No 2 Starch, each 1 cwt. 10 Casks Tasmanian Butter. 20 Boxes Colonial Candles To Grocers, Storekeepers and Others GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, SO COBCB No 1 starch, each 7 cwt 10 casks Tasmanian butter 20 boxes colonial candles. No reserve j Terms OBI. THIS DAY. Important Sale of Groceries, Provisions, &c.; French Candles, Patna Rice, English Dressed Patna, D.R Cork Butter, Bacon, Cheese, Loy and Martin's I Paste and Liquid Blacking, Grocers' Twine, Mackie's BUcults, Red Herrings (in 1 and 2 dozen tins). Ling Fish, ltaitiiiB, Vinegar, is. a To Grocers, Storekeepers, Provision Merchants, and Others. ' GREIG and MURRAY have received instruc- tlonBtoSELL by AUCTION, at their rooms,] on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, £50 bags Patna rice, now crop 100 do English drop, ed Patna rice , 200 do French candles 100 firkins DR Col k butter 20 cases prime bacon : 30 do Cheshire cheese 20 casks Day and Martin's liquid blacking 10 do do paste blacking 160 boxes patent starch 25 cases Mackie's bit cults, assorted 10 bales Mollatl's bacon 10 kinds, English 26 casks seedless pudding raisins 60 boxes muscatels, lay crs » 20 cases vinegar, coil 1 dozen , 2 do grocers' coloured twine 10 do Lockhart's red herrings, orchid dozen this I each 24 10 do do, each 32 tins, each 12, lia. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. ! Sinclair's Hams, B'ggcr's Hams and Bacon, North W fits and Cheddar Cheese, Dried Apples, Liverpool Soap, Butter, Tobacco, Salt, Colza Oil, Raw and Boiled Oil, Turpentine, c ¡ So Grocers, Provision Merchants, Storekeepers, Ironmongers, Oil Merchants, and Others, GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, The following parcel of prime new goods, just and in splendid order : 10 cases Sinclair's hams 20 do Ligger'B do 20 do do bacon 36 do North Wilts cheese 5 do Cheddar do 15 barrels dried apples 800 boxes Liverpool soap, each Efllb. 100 firkins Honon's D. It Cork butter 10 tons Liverpool coarse Bait 76 boxes- sheepwash tobacco lOOdo do, smaP plugs 14 drums colza oil 66 do do do 60 do boiled do 240 do turpentine, Act. Terms, Liberal, at Sides 2 THIS DAY; 60 Casks Soda Crystals, in small package;!. To Drjsalters, Oilmen, Groe rs, and Others. got GREIG and MURRAY have received instruct IT tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Loveday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, (20 casks soda crystals The attention of the trade is requested to the above left, being in small packages and to be sold. Tennis at Sale 9 ~~~ THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. 160 Cases Wothorapoon'a jams, in tins a dark. For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. #"?"< GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by the for importers to SELL by AUUflON.nt their rooms, cnTuosdM, August 21, at twelve o'clock, I 130 cases W olht-rsiioon's Jams, in this and Java. AU faults. sold for account of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms Cot h. THIS DAY. 120 Boxes Belmont Sperm Candles. To Grocers, Oilmen, Storekeepers, and the GREIG and MURRAY have received bSL - XX sons to SELL by AUCTION, at stearine sunday, August 21, at twelve o'clock roonu'0I» 120 boxes Belmont sperm candles, , In first-rate condition L ', r,T< as Terms at Sale - 2 16 Hhds. Martell's Dark Brandy To Close an Account for the Mall! ) i To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers and Others. v ' "an GREIG and MURRAY have received instead; AT tions to SELL by AUCTION, at teams ¿rTTuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock. eirroomsV 15 Hhds Martell's brandy, dark, A very superior sample. To close an account, ' Terms at Sale. THIS DAY " ~ For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern Ex Lorenzo, from Leith. " , ' 70 to 80 Cases, More or Less, of the Genuine Nine Stearine Candles, uniting "in Each 0 boxes, each 241. More or Less Damaged by Sea water To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others For Unreserved Sale. ' , GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from Messrs. Hamilton and Scott, agents in the Neva Stearine and Soap Works Company st petersburg, to SELL by AUCTION, at toTlXT Collins street, on Tuesday, August 21, at two o'clock, T "u Ex Lorenzo, from Leith, N S W, WM under, within star, 70 to 80 cases, more or less of the genuine Neva stearine candles, each case conhiningO boxes! each 241. B 3" More or less damaged by sea-water, and Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve Terms cash. The whole of the above will be on view, at the rooms of the auctioneers, the morning of sale Observe Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock. THIS DAY For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. 10 Cases Taylor Brothers' Chooolatohnd Cocoa. ' More or Less Damaged by Sea water. > 12 Cases Schooling's Jujubes. More or Less sweated. To Grocers, Confectioners, and Others, | fXKEm and MURRAY are instructed by the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock Ex Lyra, 10 cases Taylor Brothers' chocolate and cocoa More or less damaged by sea water, Ex E. A. Badger, 12 cases Schooling's jujubes More or ICES SU cated. Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. 20 Tons Liverpool Fine Salt. 20 Tons DoCoarsoDo To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. , fi BRIG and MURRAY are instructed by the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, 20 tons Liverpool fine salt 20 do do coarse do Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. 8 Bales Corn Sacks, each 300, 28th. Very Slightly Damaged. Lx Rapid. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, Lx Rapid, A Mc K, M under, 8 bales cornsacks, 29 each 800. Very slightly damaged. Sold for account of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms-Cash. was DAY. [13 Cases French Plums, in cartons and bottles. 0 Do Tapiro. 84 Do. Sherry, each 1 dozen. 24 Do Cheese. To Storekeepers, Grocers, and, Others. fi BRIG and MURRAY have received instruct \y tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve of o'clock," To close consignment accounts for the null, 8 cases French plums, in cartons 5 do do, in bottles C do tapioca, in tins 84 do sherry, each 1 dozen 24 do cheese. For unreserved sale. Terms-Cash THIS DAY. Choice New Fruits. Just Landed ex Suffolk. 23 Case, each 60 Cartons, Finest New Eleme Figs. To Fruiterers, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others fi BRIG and MURRAY have i received instruct IT tions from the importers to SELL by AUC- ' TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, 28 cases, each 50 curtoiiB, finest new Elomo figs The attention of the trade is requested to the above choice lot of now figs, being just landed, ex Suffolk, and in prime condition. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. At Elov on o'clook. On the Australian Wharf. i Ex Urania 1,371 Pieces Hardwood, 332. 220 Pieces Hardwood, Oxy. 00 Do Do, 418. 26.000 6ft Palings I To Timber Merchants, Contractors, and Others. O BERG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, The cargo of hardwood ox Urania, consisting or 1,371 pieces of hardwood, 332 220 do do, 6 x 3 30 do do, 48 25,000 6ft. palings Without reserve. Terms-Cash. G WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. Unreserved Sale of 12 Crates Assorted Earthenware. To China and Glass Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others STIRRING and MURRAY will SELL by ATJC XJ TION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 22, li l tWOlVO O'clock, "6 9 12 crates assorted earthenware, consisting of Plates, dove pattern Bakers RMi04 Cover dlfliCB Cups and saucers Poula . Tumblers (cut), fire. No reserve. Terms Cash. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22. ~~ Unreserved Sale of 10 Cases Assorted Perfumery. Combs, Hairbrushes, &c.; To Perfumers, HalrdroBeors, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUG TION, at the rooms, on Wednesday, August 22, at twelve o'clock, 10 cases assorted perfumery, consisting of Assorted scents and perfumes Comba Hairbrushes Violet powder Eau de Cologne Turkey sponge Table cutlery Brooms ,, , Pins Blind cord Bandolino, &c; s No reserve. Terms-Cash. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2?. 1 Case French Opera Glasses. 1 Do French Tortoiseshell Combs. To Fancy Warehousemen and Others, gave GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by the lmI porters to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 22, at twelve o'clock, 1 case opera glasses, very superior 1 do tortoiseshell combs. Terms at Sale _ ( THURSDAY, AUGUST 23. An Assortment of English Furniture, From one of the best London houses. Also, Pianos To Gentlemen, Furniture Dealers, and Others. r ÍREG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC VT TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, August 23, at 12 olve o'clock, An assortment of English manufactured furniture, from one of the best London houses. , Also, Rosewood cottage pianoforte Walmttwood do, And A quantity of colonial-made furniture. Full particulars in future advertisements. Terms at Sale. No Reserve. OTIS DAY. Pure Bred Stock-. "IT KAYE and BUTCHART have been instructed to by the executors of the late John Aitken, 14 j SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at Mount Aitken, near Aitken's Gap, on the Castlemaine road, and about four miles from Sunbury Railway Station, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock sharp, The following purebred stock, viz: 2,480 we, can. pure SOO came, do 60 horses, of a very superior description 10 Hereford cows 20 mixed cattle, Herefords Together with, Some household furniture. as. "a In taking attention to this sale, the agents now surely remind nnjonowhohos paid the least MRs tion to the breeding of fine-woolled sheep, author assesors Mr. Aitken'swool has realized the very illicit prices in the London market ; andM.ÍJAíL tension has been paid to the selection both of sires and dams, the stock now offered is not toward raised by any thing in Australia for size of frame, 1 unity of blood, weight of fleece, and wy4ltï,0'?ïïîL An omnibus will be waiting at Diggers' Rest stand Ter the arrival of trams leaving Melbourne for a m. and 8 45 a m , and will carry passengers to Mount AilKtn. Fare-, 6s each. I 