ts Auction. THIS DAY. Stf Cornfi»ctorp, Qroceri, Storekeeper! wd OU 4000 Bushel* Danish Oat*. 80 Tom Patna Iiice. Without reserve. SYMONS and PERRY have rec»lv«d lart lion* te toll bj auction at their room*, Ce, ?Irwt, on Tuesday, (th last, at twolvo e'olock, 4049 bushel* Danish oat* 80 tous Patna rice. Note — No reserve Terms at tale. THIS DAT. Clearing Oat Sale. O'.lata'i Store?, Tee, Sugar, Oati, Fruit*, ' Spirits, &o.; To Grocer*, Storekeeper*, and Other*. STUONK and PERRY bav* received ianti tions from tbe importer to sell by auct: at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, 6th i at twelve ?'deck, 180 capes Batty'* bottled fruits, eaeh 2 do SO do Alb mustard, each 0 -lon«a #0 do Harvey's sauce, do 4 do . SO do assorted sauces, do do 40 do Leaenby'* plut pioklos 10 do Batty'* do 48 boxes tea 14 bags white China sugar 18 do brown do 34 do China sugar, slightly damaged 98 do Thornton's black oat* 47 do M-Mullen's do 18 cases currants 21 boxes Cape raisin* 101 do maccaroni 2 cases vermicelli 3 Casks tapioca 2 cwt out isinglaw, in lib and jjlb tfna 11 cases Coleman's starck 100 k?g» haricot beat* 2fi bngg oofiee 2 easts French wax veetfl Also, 300 oau* Champagne Co'* brandy 70 imitation Otard's da 81 eases claret 7 easts bottling wax. To clear out* No reserve. Terms— cash. THIS DAY. To close accounts. ST HONS and PERRY are instructed to Mil ' auotion at their rooms, Collins street, Tuesday, 6th lost, at twslve o'clook, 90 ban els Putras currants SO ootavei Madeira. Terms at sale. THIS DAY. To Nurserymen, Seedsmen, and Others. Red and Wuite Clorer aud Luecras Seed. SYMONS and PERRY will Mil by publio au tion, at their rcon*, Collins street, - Tuesday, Cth inst., at twelve o'clock, 8 sasks, s*fh S cwt, fine red olovtr 3 do, do 5 dwt. white do 4 do, do 5 cwt, luceruo. Terms at sale. THIS DAY. . IS Chests Tea, ex Clara Novello, No 9. 10 Half-Chests Do, Do, Nn 3. On Aocount of tlie Former Purchasers. SYMONS and PERRY have reeeiTed iastrn lions to sell by auction, on account and ris of the former purchasers, Messrs Learmonth an Co., at their rooms Collins street, ou Tuesday, 61 last., at twelve o'clock, 15 cheats tea, ex Clara Novello, No - 10 hilf-chests do, do, No 3. Sold at the risk of former purchasers. ? TermF — cash. ? THIS DAT. Three Cases Genuine Regalias. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Others. SYMONS and PEKRY have received instrui liens to sell by auction, at their reo» Col'.ins street, oa Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelv ?'?lock, 8 ruts genuine Havannah regalias. Terras at snK THIS DAY. So Hotelkeeper*, Storekeepers, Dealer?, and Others. 100 Hhds Bass's No 3 Burton Ale. SYMONS aud PERRY will soli by auotioB, a their rooms, Collius street, oa Tuesday, Gl, tut/ at twelve o'clock, 100 hhds Bass's Ko 3 Burtonjale In splendid eondUloa. Terms hc sale. THIS DAY. To Tobacconists aud Othors. SYMONS aud PERRY will sell by auction at their rooms, Collins street west, oi Tassday, 6th inst., at twelve o'ekok, SOOO No. 2 Manilla cheropts, prime quality and two years old -0,000 No. 4 Manilla cigar?, In boxes of £00 each. Torms at sale. THIS DAY. 84 Barrels Fronch Flour. Ta Millers, Storekeepers, Bakers, aHd Others. SF MONS and PERRY have received instruc tions (rom the importers to sell by auotion, at Ihei- roemB, Collins street, on, Tuesday, «th inst, at twelve o'elock, 84 barrols French flour. . Terms at sale. THIS DAY. 20 Butts Fine Pale Sherry, lo W!n6 and Spirit Merchants, Sterckcopers, and Others. STBOJNS and PERRY are iastructed by the importers to sell by auction, at their room', Celtius street, on Tuesday, Oth Inst, at twelve o'clock, 21 butts very flag pale sherry, la hhds aud quarter casks. To bo sold to olose accounts. T.-rras at ij-Ue. THIS DAY. 11 to Bage Fine Gaunter Sngarf. 100 Do Superior Ratten Do. 160 Do Do. To Qroo?rs, Storekeepers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY have received Instruc tions to s«ll by auction, at their rooms, Col lins street, on Tuesday, Oth Inst., at twelve o' clock, 1140 bags fine grainy counter sugar 800 do superior ration do btO do do. ? Terms at rale. ? TO-MORROW. 40# Cai-ks Curtis and Harvey's Blasting Pawder, OYMONS. and PERRY have received Instruct IO tions to tell by auction, at their rooms, Collins Btreet, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at twelve o'oloik, £00 cask* Curtis and Harvey e blasting powder, in the magaeiua 00 do do, in the Hnlk. Ready for delivery. Terms at sale. 1UESDAY, 13th MARCH. Queensoliff. Valuable Allotment and Cottages at Queenscliff. By Order of the Mortgagee. To Parties looking out for a Marine Residence, Speculators, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY have reoeived instruc tions from tho mortgage e to full by auction, at their rooms, Collius street west, ou' Tuesday, 13th March, at twelve o'clook, All that niece or parcel of land, containing by admeasurement 2 roods, more or lata, situated In the town of Queeneclitf, parish of Paywlt, county ®f Grant, being allotment 5 of sectiou 19, and bounded an the oast by allotment 4, bearing north 15 degrees east 2 chains; on the north by a line bearing north 75 degrees west 2 chains 60 links ) on the west by Swanston street, bearing south 16 degrees west 2 chains; aud on tho south by part of allotment 3, bearing south T5 degrees east 2 chains CO links ; on which aro orected two neat wooden cottages, containing each four rooms. £ The property is delightfully situated at the eotner of Nicholson street, and near to Adamsoii'g and Lehy'x hotels. It has a beautiful view of the Bay, and altogether one of the nicest situations In this rspiiMy increasing locality. i . mA cj£i J at tale- i S&aUja; SLvctiou, TO-MORROW. Boots and Shoes. At th* Store* of Messrs. Miies and Co., 87 Flinders Lane west. If 0 Tranks of Seasonable Boots and Shoes, ?rue- To th* Boot and Shoe Trade, Up-country Store* Mai keeper?, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY aro instructed by tho iMporterB, Meters. Mile* and Co , to sell by pabllc auotion, at their stores, 07 Flinders lane wert, on Wednesday, 7th inst, at twelve o'clook, 150 trunk* of Orst-class seasonable boot* and — » (hoes, manufactured by Johnson, Gilman, and Co., Clarke, Waterman, T. B. EUey, Ao aud compriu Ing— - Men's army bluohers Do strong do, rough sprigged Do long Wellington* :u«. Do best oalf do ion, Do do short do net, Do kid leg and palent oalf side springs Do memel stout do zea Do watertights, various qualities Do earpet slippers Do grain napoleons, tipped and sprigged Women's kid eiao-fpring welt boots Do cashmere boots, to lace Do cloth do, patent goloshed laoe, elastic, and button Do cordovan boofs Do kid aud memel balmorala Do enamelled seal welt mitre shoes Girls' cordovan boots, 6-9 aud 10-18 Do do balmorali do Do cloth button bootp, do Do memel goloshed do, do Do catihmere button do, do Children's enamelled seal strap Bhoes, 2-S and 6-9 Dc^patent calf dress Co, do Do^do colored do, do. No reserve. Terms, liberal , at gale. WEDNESDAY, 21st MAROH. Preliminary Notice. SYMONS and PERRY have received Inslruc- I tions fiom Metwra. Gill. Fowler, aud Co. to Bell by auotion, at their stores, Littls Collins street I west, on Wednesday, 21st inst., at eleven o'clock, To cloje partnership accounts, And account sales, — An oxtensive assortment of general m-!r« ? chandiFe, ironmongery, Baddlery, coaoh makers' materials, &c.; by The whole of which are tor positive sale. i on Full particulars 'will appoar in future advertise stents, and catalognes aro now preparing. , Turms at sale. THIS DAY. ~ — HorseB. MTCAff and ANOTHER have reoeived ? Instructi&uB; from S. Staughton, Esq,, to soli by Duotion, at the Royal Ilorre Bacaar, on 0, Tueeday, flili luait., at twelvo o'olock sharp, ' 3- 20 very useful col s and fillies, flu for war. gon, coacb, or saddle, all in splendid ' condition. No reserve. 61 738 TUESDAY, 13m MARCH. _ To Carriers, Draymen, and Others. Draught Colts. MM'CAW and ANOTHER have received in ? st ructions lo sell by auction, at the Royal f Horse Baaaarv on Tuesday, the 13th inst, at tweire o'olock sharp „ J 25 very superior draught colts, by Young \ i Liruirk and other good horses. !h The ab»vo lot are really good, aud in flrot- rate condition. No reserve. 40 775 THIS DAY. To Chenn'stB and Druggists, and Others. _ 'VT' KINSMAN is favored with instruotionB to X 1 a sell by auction, on tho premises, Smith Itreet, Collingwood, an Tuesday, 8th inst, Tho seoond portion of the valuable stook of w Messrs. Langton Drew and Co. * Catalogues and terms at sale, j and no reserve C ' whatever. II Sale at twelve o'olock Bharp, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer aud valuer, 3 Moor siren, Fitsroy. ol TO- HORKOW. ™ Sale of Hay, Horses, Dairy Cattle, Working Bullocks, -fcc. At Glenaulyn, near Broadmeadows. - . The Farm lately oocupied by Mr G. C. Cameron.3 £ TjlDWARD ROW and CO. are instructed to sell Q J2i by ioiction, at Glenaulyn, Broadmeadows, on r WedneMay, 7th inst, ' 80 head iTorso stock, confuting of — -j Brootl mares, young stock, l»y the celebrated ® satires, Clyde and Cromwell. 'r Also, at Heavy draught entire, by Clyde, three years , oid \- Do do, by Cromwoll, two year* old , ' Do do, by do, one yea* old ®. J-2 working bullocka ' V' 18 heiid dairy cattls 10 steers ^ 6 slac&B; hay (about 310 tons) Farming implementa 2 bulto-;k drays. Terms, liberal, will be declared at sale. To commence at twelve o'olock. 49 743 CASH ADVANCES ON NHIW AND SECOND HAND FURNITURE. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS, auctioneer?, valua tor*, and commi°sion ageuts, 33 and 40 Col' lias itreet east (iate J. W. Bell's), are prepared to make cash advances upou new aud secondhand^ furniture, ia., sent into their rooms for sale either by auctiom or privately. Out-door sales of furnituro carefully lotted and I arranged, or ri'movfd to the rooms of the auc- 1 Moneers on tha shortest possible notice. ' i Catalogue enlo of new and aecondhand furniture ? ? every Wednesday, at 12 o'clock. i Parties havicg goods to disposo ot will please to sand particulars to tbe auctioneers not later than , _ Monday to insure their bting inewted hi the catn- ' j ogae. 45 08 may 20 ^ wr'~ ? ab( atUe Storfei &c.; 1 ? ? ? 4J TTOR8BS at liiivery, 21s per wsek; also, horses Jtl tsksa in for the paddock. Victorian Stables, fooSwanrton street. 4S 761 _ ' ' 1 ©obemmpnt smbrrttsemcnt. ? ? ? ? mu Roads and Bridges Office, que Melbourne, 29th February, 1810. ucc TENDEBS wiilt bs received until twelve o'clock and on Frida;r, 16th Maroh, for Substituting por Pitching and Mei sailing for the remaining p irtion S of the Plank ros .d, atWoodend, iu the Giaborne qui: district. obti Full partloulavs at this ofiioe, or at tho Road ab-; En'jincei'fi Office,. Gisborne. F The Board willMuot necessarilyjaccepfc the lowest OID or any tender. JAMES SERVICE, President '.of 'Ihe Board of Land and Works. ? ? 49 745 mar 6 9 13 16 — Grown Lauds Office, J-* Occupation Branoh, E'e] Mel'Journo, 24th February, 1830. of LEASES IN THE SETTLED DISl'RICTS. dep. IT is. hereby notif led that the Leases for the Occu- bou patiou of Cruwn Lands lor depasturing pur- und poses for tha current year In the settled districts and are now ready for issue at the Treasury, Mel- an4 bourne. Lessees aro required to pay the amounts oppo- i' ^ site their respective names on or before the Slst Ar)(: March nest. Ash JAMES SERVICE, cha. Commissioner of Lands and Survey. his 40 67 al i 31 mur ir.ve \- ? 1 - 1 the Roads aud Bridges Office, forc; Melbourne, 25th February, 1860. said TENDERS will tie received nntii twelv* o'olock here on Friday, tha 16 th Maroh , for Repairs to oppe Allantford Bridge, ou the Lower Western Road, in btfo the Warrnambool District. tioul Full yarticulara tit this office, or at the offloe of flPP| the Distriot Road Board, Warrnambool. urS'. The Board will not necessarily aouept tha lowest or any tcnd«r. JAME3 SERVICE, President of t)e Board of Laud and Works. ty [4y 6k9 Isb 28, mar 6f d, IS last I -Kobmtment aibfttisemenls. Treasury, Melbourne, 2nd March, 1860 SCOTCH TWILL. TENDERS will be received until Noon on Tu day, the 13th instant, for the supply of 12,- Yards Scotch Twill (to sample). Full particulurs and forms of tender may be i tained at the offloe of thu Uovernment Storekoep Melbourne. Tenders, endorsed ' Tender for Scutch Twi! are to be deposited ia the box at tbe Governmi Stores, or addressed to tho Government Sto keeper, Melbourne. The deciMon of 'ihe Government will be mi known on Friday, the 10th IiwiHnt. JAMES M'CULLOOH 52 734 mur u 8 12 Department of Railways, Secretary's Office, Latrobe street wes Melbourne, 27th Fobrunry, 1£60. NOTICE. — Tenders are invited for tho eupj of twelve Wrought Iron Tanks to hold 4 gallons (or thereabouts) each. Full particulars at the office of the Engineer Chief, Batman's hill. Tenders endorsed ' Tender for Tanks,'' and r dressed to tho undersigned, must be sent in to t: office at or before eleven o'clock a.m., of Wedn day, the 7th March, i860. ?/. G. FRANCIS, Commissioner of Public Works. 45 7-J1 mar 1 6 Public Works Office, Melbourne, 2i;d March, 1880. TENDERS will be received un'il twelve o'oloi on Wednesday, 14th March, lor Police Ba racks at Ballaarat. Full particulars at this office. JAS. G. FRANCIS, 48 764 Commissioner of Public Workr. Public Works Office, . Melbourne, 2nd March, 1860. TENDERS will bs rtceived until twelve o'cioc on Wednesday, 14th March, for a Lcck- up i ijndrldge. Full particulars nt this office. JAS. G. FRANCIS, 47 744 Commissioner of Publio Works. Public Works Office, Melbourne, 3rd March, 1860. TENDERS will be received until twelve o'cioc on Wednesday, 21st March, for a Porter's Lodg it Yarra Bend. Full particulars at this office. JAS. G. FRANCIS, 48 744 CommibBioner of Public Works. Public Works Office, Melbourne, 3rd March, 1S00. rENDERS will be received until twelve, o'cioc on Wednesday, 21st March, for additions Vurds at Yarra Bend. Full particulars at this office. JAS. G. FRANCIS, 49 764 Commmissioner of Publio Works. Public Works Office, Melbourne, 22nd February, 186(1 NOTICE TO TENDERERS. I^HE time for opening tendera for tbe purchas . and removal of the ooastwaiter's quarters a 'oint Henry, haa been extended until 12 o'clock o Wednesday, 7th March. JAS. G. FRANCI5, Commissioner of Publio Works. ? 40 645 DEPARTMENT OF RAILWAYS. Secretary's Office. Latrobe street west, Melbourne, 1 1th February, 1880. CTOTICE. — TENDERS are invited for buildin) .V tha Foundations of the Workshops at tin unction of the WiUmmstowu and Geelong Rail r»ys. Full particulars at the offi ce of tho Engineer-in hief, Batmau's Hill, oa and after Saturday, tbe Btb instant. Tenders endorsed 'Building the Foundation! r Workshops,' nnd addressed to the undersigned iufit be sent into this offine at or before eletei 'slack a,m. of Wednesday, the 14tb March, 1860. JAMES G. FRANCIS. Commissioner of Public Works. 42 722 mar 2 S 6 12 Government Stores, Tlelbourne, 2nd March, 1860. CENDERS sealed and described as ' Tender! for, &o.;,' will be received until twelve clock on ?un persuus willing to supply the undermentioned 'liolen for ih-j service of tbe Government. Everv article to be of the best and mcst service -le description, aHd subject to approval. Particulars, and printed forms of teuder can be naiued on application at this office, and notiQca jn will be given to tbe persons only whose ten rs are accepted. 24 galvanised corrugated iron tanks (to sample) 12 iron uotico plates, do 36 do do, galvanised, do 4 pairB naves (to specification) 5 pairs dray Ebafts, blue gum, do *6 long rifle stocks *12 pLjtol do SOO uniform oaps (to sample) *250 pairs buck gloves *30 pairB military spurs 50 holster flounces (to sample) 50 bieaFt plates, do 2 pairs gold scales, brass pans and weights, 750 oa 1 die for stautplng press (to pattern) SO plmtks red gum, 10 ft 12 x 2 inches. K. NASH, Government Storekeeper. N.B.— Samples will be required of tho articles irked tburf1 41 711 mar 3 5 6 Government Stores, King street, Melbourne, 2nd March, 1809, LENDERS will be received up to 11 a.m. oh Wednesdny, the 7tb instant, for tha Transport OatB and Bran to B^liaarat, Beeohworth, and -ut fifty other Polioe Statiuns. Full particulars at Ibis office. R. NASH, t 738 Government Storekeeper. Government Stores, 'Melbourne, February 29th, 1860. IENDERS will be received until noon on Tues day, the Sl'.h MaTCb, for the Bupply of 1000 busbola good, jiveet brati. Fenders for quantities not less than 200 bushols, st be accompanied by samples, and the price -ted ia to include delivery within four days of eptanoeatthe Government stores, Melbourne, 1 bags of a stning description suitable for trans t. bould the contractor fail to supply, when re red, it is to be understood tbat the br»n will be ained elsewhere, ond tbe expense over and no tbe contract ptice, charged against him. 'urther particulars and forms of tendor at this ce. R. NASH, Government Storekeeper. 42 732 mar 2 3 6 ATENT far Improvements in Working Stamps. —This it to notify that Frederick Ash tun, of Ibourne, in tbe county of Bourke, colony Victoria, did, on the 21tt day of February, □ait at the cifto.Q of the Chief Secretary, in Mcl rne, a specification, or instrument in writing, er hia hand und. seal, particularly desciibing ascertaining the nature o! the said invention, in what manc.ar the lame is to be performed ; that by mason of such deposit the said invention rotected and secured to him. exclusively for tho i of tis calendar months thenco next ensuing. I I do further notify that tho said Frederick ton liu9 givqn notice in writing, at my nbers, of hia intention to proceed with application far Letters Patent for the said mtion, and taat I have appointed Friday, 6th day of Apiil next, at eleven o'clock in the noon, at my chambers, to hear and consider the application and all objections thereto ; and I do bv require all persons having &n; interest in -sing tlie grant of such Letters Patent, to leave re that day, at my chambers in Melbourne, par lars in writing of their objections to th* said icatian, otherwise they wilt be prsaluded from ng the same. iren under my hand tbls 5th day of March, TRAVSRS ADAM80N, Solicitor-General. H. R^CfflB, Agent for Fftitioner, 83 Chancery ? 46 73 5 ? ? ? 1 . | ©cbemmcRt a&bwtfemeitfji.; PATENT for an improved Apparatus for prevent ing explosions in Steam Boilers. — This is to notify that Enoch Chambers, of Little Collins street, . Melbourne, in tho colony of Victoria, did, on the in* 20th day of February, deposit at the office of the Chiof Secretary, in Melbourne, a speciJcatir.u or Instrument in writing, under his hind and soal, 3b- particulajly describing and ai csrtaiuing the nature icr, of the said invention, and in what manner the same is to be performed j and that by reason of such depofit 1,'' i ths said invention is protected and secured to him »nt exclusively for the term of six calendar months thenco 're. next ensuing. And 1 do further notify that the said Enoch Chambers has given notiee, in writing, at my \- ! chambers, of his intent! ju to procesd with his appli cation for letters patent for the tnid invention, and that I hare appointed Thursday, the 6th day of Apiilnext at eleven o'clock in tho forenoon, at my ! chambers, to hsar and consider the 6aid application — and all objections thereto ; end I do hereby require all persons having an interest in opposing the grant of such letters patent, to leave before that day, nt my '» chambers in Melbourno, particulars in writing of their objictions to the said application, otherwise they 'ly will be jirecluded from ur^iug tho same. :0U Given under my handthii 2nd day of March, 1860. TRAVEKS A0AMSON, in- 39 733 ? Solicitor-General. . T) ATENT for an Improvement in the Con.«truo tion of Wooden flakes. — This is to notify that b'S Edward Barnes, of Melbourne, in tho colony ot Vic toris, did, on the 2lst day of February, deposit at the office of the Chief Secretary, in Melbourne, a specifi cation or instrument in writing, under his hand and seal, particularly describing and a'certaining the nature of the ssid invention, and in what manner the ? ? same is to bo performed ; and that hy reason of such deposit the said invention is protected and secured to him exclusively I or the term of six calendar months thence nt-X', ensuing. And I do fuither notify that Ck the said Kdward harr.es has given notice, in writing, ir- at my chambers, of iiia intention to proceed with his application for ?ettfr« patent for tho said invention, and tbat I have appoir.ttd Thursday, the iith day of April uezt, ct elevci. o'clock in the :orenoon, at my chambers, to hear and consider the said application ___ aud all objections thereto ; tnd I do hereby require '' all persons having an interest in opposing the grant ot such letters patent, to leave before that day, at my chambers in 'Melbourne, particulars in writing of their sic objections to the said Duplication, otherwise they will nt be precluded from urging '-tho some. Given undor my hand thia 2nd day of March, 1860. TRAVIS RS ADAMSON, fiolioitor-General. W. H. BlTtHlB, £3 Chanocry lane, agont for peti '' tioner. ? -38 733 PATENT for Improvements in tho Arrangement and Making of Slamps for Stamping Quartz. — ' This is to notify that Aicbibald Keith, of Melbourne, I® in the colony of Victoria, did, on the 21st day of February, deporitat tlieofliceof the Chief Sjcretiry in Melbourne, a specification, or instrument ir. writ ing, under his hand and seal, particularly dciciibing and ascertaining the naturo of the said invention, — and in what manner the same is to ba performed; and that by reason of Cuch deposit tho said invention is protected and stcured to him exclusively for tho . term of six calendar months thence next ensuing. And I do further notify that tho said Archibald ' Keith has given notice, in writing, at my chambers, of his intention to proceed with his application for Letters Patent for the said invention, and that I have appointed Thursday, the 5th day of April next, at eleven o'clock in the forenoon, at my chambers, to hear and consider the said application and all objec tions thereunto ; and X do hereby require nil persons having an interest in opposing tlie grant of tach '? Letters Patont, to leave beforo that day, p.t my ' chambers in Melbourne, pirticulars in writing of e their objections to tho said application, otherwise , ,t they will bo precluded from urging the same. a Given under my hand this 2nd day of Mar h, , 1860\. ' TRAVERS ADAMSON, ( Sblicitor-Gcneral. . W. H. Ritchie, agent for petitioner, 83 Chancery _ lane. 41) 733 23ank Motia-g. i t ? » QOLONIAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA Interest on Daily Balances and Current Accounts, * 3 per cent, per annum. ) ) 46 20e THOS. E. BOYD, General Manager. PROVIDENT INSTITUTE OF V1CTOXUA. / 35 Queen street. 1 DEPOSIT ESTATE AND AGENCY BANK. Capital £10,000, with power to inerease to One 0 Million sterling. a Deposits are received daily, and interest of 8 per n cent, per annum guaranteed, on all sums of £1 and upwards, commencing from the first (ley of every 3 month, such interest at tho half yearly balance, on j the ;-0th June next, will be calculated accordingly on 9: all amounts that may be at the creuit ot' depositors ; I for example -six mouths from the 2nd of January inst., five months from the 1st February, and so on for the remaining months of the half year. h Loans made on Freehold Property, to bo paid off the option of borrower at any time, on which the costs and survey fees are moderato. Loans made un merchandise and other securities. ai Prospectuses and all other information given on application, personally or by letter. Bank hours— 10 to 3 ; Saturdays 10 to 12 o'olook. — JOHN POKTUR, ~ Managing Direotor. \ 4th Junnary, 1860 '' ? 46 20 apl 1 JpROVIDENT INSTITUTE OF VICTORIA Dividend on Proprietary Capital will ba due and payable at this Instituto on and after tbo 10ih day of 'i March, proximo, at the rate of 15 per cent, per annum tor the half-year ending 31st Deocmber, 1859. JOHN PORTER, Managing Director. Melbourne, 25th February, 1860. ? 1 6137 mar 10 WILLIAM CLARKE and SOUS, Gold and Bullion Offices, and Deposit Bank, 86 and 88 bt Kliaabeth-street. w Open from 10 a.m., till hatf-past 4 p.m., for the re- 01 oeipt and payment of money. s' Deposits received at the undermentioned rates Repayable without notice, on demand, 5 per cent} por annum. at Iiepayauie throo months aftor time of deposit, 6 per cent, prr annum. Repayable six months aftor timo of doposit, 7 [per cent, per annum. ' I* Repayable twelve months after time of deposit, 8 1 per cent, por annum. Money for deposit may be sent by post or draft, and the depobit-receipt will be forwarded by return mail. Su Deposit-receipts for re-pavment may be forwarded Cc by post, nnd the money will bo remitted by return. Notes and bills of exchange, British or Foreign „ 1 collected or purchased. Oi Gold and silver, in eoin, bullion, or bars, pur chased. Mi Drafts granted on London, payable at sight. Gold iu any quantity melted 'ami assayed. ' 6(1 32 apl 15 ? ' ? 1 n i i ? ? — Pi, ®ompaw«s. v' ? ? ? Ni Australasian fire and life insur- j ANtfE COMPANY. ( Head Office: j Hall of Commerce, Melbourne. Chairman: 0 Robert Kerr, Esq, ( ' . est Vice.Chatrman:' W. II. Tuckett, Esq., J.P. J Directors : C Joseph Sutherland, Esq. I Edward Cohen, Esq., J.P I E. L. Montefiore, Esq. ) J. Spowors, Esq. a B Secretary Wm. Macradic, Esq., J.P. ^ GEELONG~BRANCH. ?*? Directors : L01 Qeorgo Board, Esq., M.L.A.' Thomas Ogilvie, Esq, J ohn Brebner, Esq. Agents : Ballaarat : Wilson Brothers and Co. Beechworth : James Ingram, Belfast: W. N. Hoskin. Brighton : John Siminonds. Castlemaine : Collyna und Co. Clunes : Charles Kinnear, Esq. Emerald Hill : George Sprigg Gisborne : Hussey, Ilaigh, and Co. ' Kyneton: R. Parkinson. Maryborough : J. Levy and Son. Portland : Thomas Must. Port Albert, Gipps Land: J. L. Roberts, Richmond: J.Wright. Sandhurst : P. Kennedy. Sandridge: Tallant and Compton Williamstown : Jas. Lanrencc. Warrnnmbsol : B. Atkinson, Esq. 62 49 alt apl 9 07 QTompaMfs. fJ^HE EUROPEAN ASSURANCE SOCIEI Empowered by Special Act of Imperial Parliamt 22 Vict. Cap. 25. Head Office, London. Branches in India, Sydney, Adelaide and Tasmai Chief Australian Office, Molbourno : 99 Collins street west, opposite the Western Market. Directors : ! Edward Bell, Esq. I W. T. Mollison, B: D. S. Campbell, Esq. M.L.A. F. A. Walsh, Esq. J Guarantee Department : Rates of premium determined according to I natnro of the situation for which security is requiri If a lifo acsuranco beeffectei, the guarantee premit will be reduced in proportion to the relative umoui of guarantee and lifo. When equal, tho guarani premium is only 9s per ccnt. Life Assurance Deportment : Life policies .issued upon ihi faithful represen tions of assurers arc indisputable. Three-fourths of the profits of the society are di sible amongst tho policy-holders on iho ' W: Profits' Table of Premiums. Assurances are grmti d either with profits, or, lower rfttei, without profits. Premiums may be pui.l in one sum, or by year! half-yearly, or quarterly instalments. They aro su as are charged in Jiuropo, and tho lowest that can adopted with full security to the assured and to t society. Policies nro not forfeited as in other cocletii When four years' payments have been made, t policy-bolder, if unable or unwilling to continue pa ijig, may receive a fmh policy in exchange, cqi valent to the then value of the premiums alroai paid ; or a cash payment in purchase of the policy. Farms of proposal and evciy information may had by applying to MICHAEL O'GRADY, Secretary European Assurance Society, 99 Collins streot west, Melbourne. 39 70 tu fr june 6 VICTORIA LIFE AND GENERAL IN8I RANCE COMPANY, AND SAVINU INSTITUTE. Head Office, 82 Collins streot east, Melbourne. Capital : £2,000,000, in 40,000 shares oi £60 etch Unlimited Liability. Directors : Chairman of the Pwd— The Hen. Henry Millo M.L.C. The Hon. H. S. Chapman, M I, .A. Hugh Glass, Esq., J.;'. Tho Hon. George Harker, M.L.A. Germain Nicholson. Esq., J.P. The Hon. W. J. T. Clarke, tl.L.C. Standing Counsel ; The Hon. X. Ii. Fellows, M.L.C. Auditors : William Hull, Esq. J.P. | William Lane, Esq., J.i Solicitor : P. A. C. O'Farroll, Esq. Medical Referees : A. C. Brownleos, Esq., M.D. j W. H, Goaty bsll, Er, BankeiB : The Bank of Victoria: Actuary : Edward Wood3, Esq. LIFE DEPARTMENT. Special Features. 1\. Security. — That of a Joint Gtock Ctuipany, wil i paid-up and accumulating capital, and a proprietar possessing moans in this country to meat the claims c i assured. 2\. Premiums. — Tho lowest that can bo, ohargo irith oafety. 3\. Guaranteed Bonus.— Giving to the assured tb profits of a Mutual Company without the risk. 4\. Reductions of Premiums. — At each decennin listribution of profits until the payment of remium :easc. 6\. All Policies Indisputable. Raths fob thjb AaaOTUNOs op £100 Without Bo u us. Lge Age 20 ? ? £1 13 4 3-5 ? £2 8 2 2fl ? 1 17 6 45 ? 3 6 10 30 2 2 2 50 ? ? 3 19 1 Rates por tub Asbvbahob op £100 yith Bonus Guaranteed, or an equivalent reductioi of premium at the option of the Asvircd. 1-ge | Age 20 ? ? £1 19 0 j 35 ? £2 16 25 ? 2 3 10 45 ? 3 17 30 ? 2 9 5 | 50 ......... 4 12 7 Rates for intermediate o.gc, are charged in proper ion. Short poriod, old age, joint, lives, and otbci rdinary assurances nlTeotea, und annuities granted lso, minors and others assured against accident. Forms and ail nocessary information will be fur- ished on application at this office. FIRE DEPARTMENT Fire risks taken at the current reduced rates t th itent of 30,000, on a single approvod risk. MARINE DEPARTMENT® Insurance effected on ships and merchandise, in arbor and at sea. SAVINGS' INSTITUTE. This department is now open fer business as per Ivertisemcnt. JOSEPH COLLIE, Secretary. 21st April, 1859. 5 1 42 JTICTORIA FIRE AND MAEINB if INSURANCE COMPANY. Empowered bf Act of Legislative Council} Established in the year 1S49 Cupitil, £1,000.000. X?;-sctv;s — [lie Konorablo Henry Miller, M.L.O., Ohsfruaii H7. P. Burnley, Deputy Chairman. John Dinwoodio, J.P. John Brown - William Hull, J .P. HonJ Wei. Highott, 1I.L.C. Fibs Depabthbnt. Polities ol Insurance r.gaintt Fire are granted on tlldiigs .'.lid .dl descriptions of goods and property ithin tie colony of VioWrta, immediately on applica. jn, and at the lowest rates of premium. No charge ad» for survey, or other fees, and all loseos promptly ttled. Miami! Brakcf. Insurance on Ships and Merchandise In harbor and sea is also effected as per scale annexed : — Haters of Premium* by First-class Vessels. elm AT ii lirTAiK 35s Van DiEMaif's Lahu-». j Gold 30i Launceaton ,. 20s; tdia — , steamsrnlOsad 1 Calcutta (( } Hobart Town 20s Madras - 35s to 40s „ EteamerlOs Cd 10 Bombay .. ) „ gold.,,.. 7u6d ?tavir.,. 43s Circular Head 26t ugapore .... 40s yion ? ? ? 303 40s iTsw South Wum— *,. Overland 20s Sydney,,,;,, 20s laila ? ? ,__45sto 50i ,, steameyalOs 6d 16i .PB op Good iiOPB— ,, gold , , 6s 8d r able Bay,,,, 40s Newcastle^ , , 25i ? ? ? 30s to 40u iBBioA — South Australia— New York 403 Adelaide ,, 20o to £0 New Orlea 45s ,, EteRmeralOs Od 15 San Francisc ' 0 „ gold.,,, 7s 0 nama ...... 40s Sw&n; iUvez„, 40s llao 40s dparaiso .... 40s Victoria— jT sw ZaAiAND— ' Geelong .. 2s 6d)J10i Wellington ., 40s Wsrrnnmbool 30s STeJton ,,,,,, 40s Belfast and Dtago ...... 35s to 40b Portland,, 30i Auckland.,.. 35s ,, steamers 20s' Port Lyttleton 35s to 40s Port Albert,, 20s ,, steamers 15a to 2 Ot Chose rates are froe of Particular Average. 3 cods subject to Particular Average Jjto i 'par oe »a ' Time Polieiei. roreign Trade — Sis Months „ 5 ptr oont, Jolonial Trade ,, ,, 6 ,, ?or the greater ccnvenionce of merchants and others, Iranch Offine for Mr.rino Insurance has been opened lor tho inoigoment of GEORGE LEE, Hall ol rnneron. 'laimsfor L'ss and Average on Policies to England r he mado payable at tha agents of the Company is idon, D ALGETY and CO., 13 Greshara streetj; JAobhts in Victoria, For receiving Proposals only. Qoelong, C. M. Sieith Portland, Q. O. Grouch WaiTDBTn'oool, Thomas Denny Cnstlcmalne, Henry Christopher! Sandhurst, W. Garnett Ballaarat, W. C. Smith Belfast, Lennox Trew Hamilton, Alex. Learmonth. Oollingwood, John Bellin St. Kilda, Henry Wilkinson' Prahran — J. B. Crewe. Carlton, Joseph Plummor'j; WilliamBtown — John Courtis Hawthorne — R. F. Kennedy. Brighton — G: S. Whituey. Ararat — Kerr, Gunn and Smith' , Kiimore— T. J. Ryan. -5ippii Land— P. H. M'Ardell, t tadJOffiee— j 82 Collins street east, Melbourne. I 39 JOSEPH COLLIB Seetotwy J (Companies. Y tamar marine in -fi-/ SURANCE OFFICE.— Marii.0 risks taT*2n nt, at current rates JAMES HENTY and CO., Agents, lia. 39 71 aeg 29 MELBOURNE F I RE INSURANCE COMPANY. Head Offices, 26 Collins street west, iq., William Perry, J.P , Chairman. Andrew Sutherland, J.P., Vice-chairman. Capital, £t-00,000. Subscribed and guaranteed, £150,000. the Insurances on buildings and merchandise insured sd. at the lowest current rate of premium. am This Company aio also prepared to recoive pro tits posals from farmeis, &c.;, for insurance on aaricul teo tural produce, farming stock, and implements, and utensils of husbandry. CHRISTR. HALL, Sect, pro tem. ta- Melbourne, January, 1860 43 25 ?' i- — — i — ith rPHE LIVERPOOL AND LONDON FIRE 4\. AND LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY. at i „ Chairman— ly, The Hon. Sir Jamea F. Palmer, President of the ? Legislative Council. bo ___ h® Subscribed Capital £1,831,220. Paid-up Capital and Accumularcd Funds «. £1,150,035, of. which 190,000 is invested in Vio he totia and New South Wales. ii- Fjrb Department. iy This Company issues policies on property and goofii subject to the reduced rates of premium, be , 32 months's mercantile policies will be cancelled oa interest ceasing, and a return of premium mado on every uncommenced month after tho first two. £14,000 taken on good risks. The income in 1858 was £276,058. ^Leu.^paid from commenccmont of business, j . Lipb Department. tj Life Policies are issued with all the advantages of a ' mutual company, combined with the stability to .bo derixcd from an infiuential proprietary, a subscribed capital cxcecdmg One Million and a Half, and accu- ' mulnted funds including paid tip capital ts the amount of £1,156, 03J. The income in 18 j8 exceeded £121,411. r Lonfccs are paid ia Melbourne. l'olity-holdcrs tiT- rellingcan pay their renewal pre ' miums i J, or in the evenVof death claims oau be made frori, any of the branches — vii:., in Sydnsj*, N»w Zea . land, - an Dir-nien's Land, New Yortt, London,'' &c.; Ihe rates charged in Australia arc the same aa those used iu England. ? ? Resident Secretary ? 52 66 tu c W. MURRAY R033. TU E TASMANIAN FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY. ESTABilHHBD 1835. Head Office .. Hobarfc Town I . Branch Office, at Melbourne, No. 82 Gollins street woit. Directors at Melbourne ' The Hon. J. G. Francis, M.L.A. William Crosby, jun , Esq. Peter Langwill, Esq. Fire Inturances are tfiected by this Company at eurrcnt rates of premium. h JOHN HENRY MOORE, Secretary. T 54 22 mo wd su aprl 3 ,1 Ll 1 1 ' ? ? ''ii ? u i illactjiiiCKg. i ,1 ' ~ : ? ~ » THRASHING MACHINES, 4 ND THKAStiEtt and CuEANEtt combined t\ with HOKSK WORKS, impulsorium and circular, on Sale by FItfHKR, RIUARDS and CO., 114 Collins street west 8 41 jg N O O H CHAMBERS 40 and 42 Little Collins Stubbt, East IRON AND BRASS. FOUNDER, ENGINEER AND M1LLAVRIGHTI ' MA OHINERT Of all descriptions for Digging and Railway \- Purposes. Bar Iron, Steel,. Patent Belting, &c.;, Alw/.ys on Hand,. 49 lOmar 19 r ? ? ? ? ? ! ? PORTABLE ENGINE, six-horse power, for Stale. To be seen at work doily at the Steam Mills, 72 and 73 Flindws lane we»t. George Bon craft, proprietor. .. ? 50 609 I i.t(crat«w fl^HS LEADER is a first-olass Weekly Journal of Politics, Literature, and Social Economy, and a thorough advocate of liberal and progressive measures. The LEADER is tbe oldest established, the largost sized, and the moBt widely circulated Weekly Newspaper in Victoria, and is unrivalled as an ad vertising medium. ho Advertising chargco for the Leader are a* follows Ilixteen worda and under .. One Shilling. Over liisteen and uudci' thirty Two Shilling*; One inch ., » , ,, Four Shillings. Every additional inch , , Three Shillings. The Subscription to the LEADER ia 6s Cd per quarter, for town and suburbs, and Is extra for trans mission by post. Subscribers ordering the LEADER at any time during the currency of a qua;'1er will be charged only for tho time thoy have scccived the prtycr. Quarters commence on the 1st January, 1st April 1st July, nnd 1st October. Publishing Office, 67 Elizabo h street THE WEEKLY AGE. Friday, -.2nd Maroh, 1800. PARLIAMENT OF VICTORIA. Divorco Bill. Transfer of Land Bill. Encouragement to Immigration. Tho Geodetic Survey. Water Rates, THE LAND DEBATE. POLICE CLOTHING. Captain MaoMahon's Letter to ths Chief Seeretaty. THE LIEN BILL. Meeting at tho Trados' Hall. The Sandridge Pier Dock and Tramway Company. Juvenile Reformatories. Cattle Stealing. 'Another Ship Destroyed by Fire, | JOCKEY CLUB RACES. MINING. Tho Nicholson Gold Field. Gibson's Plains Diggings. Bolinda Mining Company. Chewton Sluicing Company. Anglo Reef Mining Company. LATEST FROM CHINA. s. Now South Wales. The late Floods in New South Wales, New South Wales Land Bill. ?AGRICULTURE. Tho Experimental Farm. Port Phillip Farmers' Soeiety. The Protectionist Revival. 'A TALE OF TWO CITIES,' Concluded. Shippiug, Commercial, &c.;, &c.; 'jgNGLISH AGE H O $ Messrs Algai and Street have beon appointed agent* for tho Age in England, nnd are authorised to receive Subscriptions and Advertisements for tho same. Messrs Algar nnd Streot have also been appointed agents for the Trader. Copies of the Age asd Leads? filed for the ua Advertisers. Office 11 Clement n lane, Loubard street Lo on. 