COMMERCIAL SUMMARY. During the month that lias elapsed since last mail, business lias generally been in a very dull I and depressed slate, and the uneasy feeling [ which pervaded the whole mercantile commu nity continued unaltered until the arrival of ttie .Benares witn me UuDruary mans, aince ; then a degree of confidence has been infused, and hopes are entertained that our shipping friends in Earopo aro beginning at length to bo aware that our market hasbeen long immensely overstocked, and the competition consequent on such a state of things has driven many into the Insolvent Court. Slocks at present held are quite ample enough to supply our doaiands for many months, even were a total cessation of , shipments * from Europ9 to take place for some time. Tho slight speculation whioh has arisen in one or two articles of im port must not be taken as a criterion of their scarcity, for in tho very items moBt operated in, viz., brandy and butter, it is notorious that the stocks are exce3sivo. Too frequently for tho prosperity of importers and purchasers in ihis market has a slight advance in the price hero been mistaken by shippers at ihome for a dearth, of the article, and large supplies arriv ing have had tho effect of forcing prices down to a rate alike ruinous to all concerned. The gloomy'tidings carried from this by the last three or four mails, will, doubtless, be a whole some check to the excessive shipments of the past twelvemonths, and time, it is to be hoped, will be afforded to our heavily stocked import ing houses to realise their goods at something like remunerating prices ; but even the pro bability of this should be no induce ment to our home friends to rush tho market with shipments to any extent, for so surely as they do so, prices here will recede to tho low ebb at which they have ruled for iio many months past, and a repetition of the late un happy state of 'affairs, through which 'wc are fain to believe we have passed, will 'be the result. As au index of a better state o.'F affairs having set in, we are happy in announc ing the absence of any failures of importance amongst our mercantile community, Large num bera of small traders, publicans, and farmers, however, still oontinue to swell the list of insolvencies, and show how rotten and overdone our system of trading has become. The principle which importers have been for some time past obliged to adopt, of cutting down credits to Jtcho up country dealers, and they again contracting thoir sales on terms to as limited ail Q/ctent as practicable, has, in a great measure, been tho causo of tbe numerouB failures amongst the smaller traders. Again, the con sequences of the recent large failu.reo are be ginning to tell amongst the many ».vho were their constituents, and havo been in numerous instances carried on for years with considerable balances against them. Supplies being stopped and the amount outstanding seditiously re quired by tho liquidators in thei bankrupt I estates, the small shopkeeper has no other recourse left him than the Insolvent Court. The retail trade in every branoh is ntuch over done, and as the credit system is in ievery de gree largely dealt in, with so much misery and want of employment amongst ma ay of our laboring classes, wo need not be surprised at the retailor being ultimately obliged to suc cumb to the times. It will requiire many months beforo we may reasonably tope that our mercantile system is even convalescing, and still longer before wo shall be able to re port it as thoroughly sound. In some articles there have been considerable transactions since the arrival of tha Benares. Brandy has been largely dealt in, an.cl for Kar tell's an advance of fully a shilling }-er gallon ha3 been given. Large sales have ba en made last week at lis 31; but as (stocks of every quality, except old vintages, aro V«ry large, there is littlo probability of much additional increase in the value of this article.! Butter has also changed hands in considerable parcels, and although stocks are known to be large, in «on3equence of being very firmly held in few bauds, the prico has lieon gra dually worked up to . Is 5-Jd, a.fc1 which 8 iles were made within the latYi day or two. As large supplies of colonial! make are likely to pour in from all quarters, as soon as the recent rains, have taken effjcfc on th9 pasture lands, wo do nob' * anticipate any further rise in' present rates. Candles, in consequence of ?Shipments lately Si.ving been light, are in better demand, and Belmonts readily command Is 4d ; Neva steawroes, Is 4id; ono pound packets and foreign ligltfc iveightsaro with difficulty to bo procured, aiud command full rate3. Dbapery. — Stocks of every de scription aro very heavy, and oven for tho most seasonable and well assorted goods it would bo difficult to obtain over 15 per cc;at. advance. The stocks held by ths warehousemen of their own importation arc Euffijienlly ijvrge to pre clude their purchasing any stray lots that may be offered, even at temptingly low rates. Flour and Grain. — In the former there has been a steady demand, and, contrary to general expectation, a gradual advance :fci price ha3 been asked and acceded to. Parcels of first brands of Adelaide Iiavo been readily bought for actual consumption at 23 1 10s per ton, and holder* are toniay demand ing a farther ad van co of 10j. Whaaf, a3 a na tural consequence, has also . risen iu value, and millers are willing to yivo 9s 9dj.?or goo.l par cels. Oats,} although a good deal talked of as likely to rise, jhaya relapsed into nearly their I former value, and with the exception of colo | nial, on which an advance of 3d to Od has been given, thero is little inquiry for other sorts. Provisions remain dull, and except for favorito , brands, there is but little inquiry ; Sinclair's half-hams, half-bacon, hive been sold' nt IsOid, a price that will barely repay cost and charges to the shipper. Mess beef and pork are hardly inquired for. Alb and Poutbk. — The de mand for both of the3o articles ill bulk has materia' ly fallen off, and as the shipments in January are very much in excess of our requirements, holders have been obliged to accept lower rates than our last quotations. For Bass's and Allsop's new brow, 71 153 ia^tbe market value ; other less favorite brands in proportion. For bottled ale, as tho season advances, less inquiry is mado, but stout in bottle continues to bring fair rates. Bya?s's and Truman's, bottled by Porter, arc worth 10s 3d to 1 Os Gd. A largo quantity of both these brands i3 counterfeited here, much to (he injury of tho genuine, and it would be well were measures taken to put down tha bottling of tho nnurinus trash bo often met with bearing th» labels we have mentioned. Wmsket. — Tory few transactions iu this spirit have been made, nnd tho prico romains -very low. For best qualities and free of color not more than 43 to 4s 6d can be obtained. Slightly tinged would not command more than' 3s. Iu case, it ranges according to quality from 8= 6.1 to lis. Hum is hardly asked for, and until winter sets in, the consumption of this article is very limited, for 10 o p. not more than 3s to 3s 3d, and for 30 o.p. 4s can be obtained. Ol» Toil continues to bo sold at from 12 1 to 13s. Geneva lias slightly improved, aud J.D.K.Z. iu four gallon cases is now worth 153 ; V. IT. and Co./ 14s 6d ; Palm Tree, 14s. Wines have scarcely been dealt in, and as stocks at present on hand are large, unless a great felling off in shipments talsea place little improvement may be expected for many months to com8. Oilmen's Stokes have been long in excjss, and holders recently have been q iittin^ largo quantities of them at auction at less than English co3t. Sucun, and Teas have both improved in value, and an advance of 'it per toa on tho' former, and U per chest on tho lattir has been given. Holders seem inclined to n jk even more, but it will require . present ?to:ks held by tho trado to be exhausted, b 2 lore this will bo conceded. Hardware amu Metals. — Since the departure of last mail there i3 but littlejchanga to report and business continues steady, as tho market for thi3 class of goods is not subject to the same fluctuations as mark tho spirit and provisioa trades. Al though the advices by last mail show heavy ship- ' montsjit has had little effect on tho market here, ai tha greater bulk of them aro to actual order. B.ui and Rod Iron are readily placed at cost and charges, suitable invoices and certain 3izes be'.n^ scarco. Blasting Powder, owing to eiossaive shipments, has receded iii price, and miy now be quoted at 8d per lb for best eam ! pies. With Zinc tho market is still overstocked, anl for Nos. 3 and 10 guage assorted L'JO to L31 is the utmost to be obtained. Tix- plates j ara still overttocked, and difficult to dispose of it from 10 to 12i per cent, advance. Patent Nails are in good supply, and can only be placcd at a discount of 20 per cent, off list Angle, plate, sheet, and T iron are in fair mpply, although prices have a downward ten dency. Shest Lead remains without change, and may be quoted at L27. Patent Shot 13 readily placed at L32. In general hard ware tho market is well supplied, although in a trade embracing so many articles thare are some few item3 in short supply and paying remunerating prices, as octagon, cast steel, sheet copper, ifcc,, drj. Timber continues to lose money to the shipper more than al most any imports received into this market, an l with present stocks and the decreased con sumption little improvement can be anticipated unless next mail's advices show a large falling off in the shipments to this port. Baltic deals, 11 x 3, at lgd ; flooring, G x lj, at same price; and American lumber, toagued and grooved, at 10' per 1000 feet, are not prices which should induce shippers to continue their supplies. Tobacco continues to realise very unremunerative rates, and stocks are much in excess of our demands. In the money market there has been very littlo doing, great difficulty being found in sa tisfying lenders as to the value of securities - offered. Plenty of money is open for invest- » ment were the nature of property offered con sidered unexceptionable, but so great ha3 been the depreciation in valuo of all descriptions lately that barely one-half tho amount that could havo been procured twelve months ago ?will now be advanced on the same seourity. The Bank rates of discount continuo the same as they were quoted in our last, bills under 95 dayo, 8 per cent ; 95 and under 125 days, 9 per cent.; over 125 days, 10 per cent.; overdrawn accounts and cash credits, 10 per cent. Tho selling rates of Exchange on England continue at the same rates as when last mail left, although an inclination to raise. them was manifested by some of the banks. For large . amounts at CO days' sight, drait3 are issued at .par; and at 1 per cent, for bills under 502 at 30 days' sight. By sailing, vessel, freight on gold, deliverable in London, is from 2£d to 3d per ounce ; insurance, li percent. Freight to tho Bank of England by the overland route, includ ing insurance and transit duty, is 2 per cent. ; to India, 1 per cent, for freight : insurance, ac cording to the port oi destination. Tho stock and share market, iu consequence of the difficulty experienced iu obtaining good and Eafo securities for money, has been moro active, and a larger amount of business has been done, especially in dividend- paying stocks. Victoria Bank shares on the London register have been sold at 38?, 37 1, and 36i 103 ; for co lonial register, at 37 1. Colonial bank havo been sold at prices varying from Cl 7s Gd to 0 1 10s Nationals have rather declined, and sales from 3! 3s to 3 1 have been made. Subsoil's B.iy Pail way shares have not been iu such favor, and for a large parcel last week 63' was taken ; smaller lots have been takon up at 641 | to 661. Melbourne and Suburban eon-' ! tinue to fetch from 91 6s to 9J l&k; j Melbourne Gas have been sold at 31 to 33 per c^nt. premium ; new issue are worth 15s prem... In mining companies' shares there has been a 'gocddcal doing, b'or come favorites, stu-h as , Nelson's Reef, M'lvor Caledonia, Third White, Hills, and Johnson's Beef, there ha3 been. eon-,- fiiderablo inquiry, and few lots are to be picked up in tho market, the majority of present thareholders feeling disposed to retain thein nntil working operations are fairly commenced. Aa the late rains will enable many of tho com panies soon to show of what stuff the ground consists, wo may expect to see some of them advancc rapidly iu public estimation. Hitherto a great deal of childish impatienco for results has too often been manifested both by sharo holde: s and the public. In the stock, Bhare, and money markets, Messrs Khull and Co. report an unsteady and limited business ? Ia dividend paying stocks, there has been a total ahuence of speculation, and purchases Iiavo been con fined to tho investment of sums from which a steady return is desired. Prices have conscqcently io nearly every case suffered a declioo, for such a demand is not - qual to sustaining the market. A better feeling exists towards mining schemes, bot it is roauifestod more by greater ecnfidenco on tbo part of holders than by extensive purobaseB. Banks- — Victoria shares have not maintained the ?ivinoo secured beforo the depnrtuvo of list mail The demand has been very limited, n:nl Irannsctione hive been effected ut L35 to L3G for shares on Mel bourne Registry ; L83 London Registry, and L37 for equal numbers of Melbourne and Lon- ' don. It was antiepated that a c nai derable business would be done for tbia mail, but we have been disappointed. English news have not encouraged purohasis for remit tance. Colonials have n?ver reoeived 1?S3 attention than during the pa«t month, aud yet no Btoek is iu hotter repute. Holdeis havo been firm in their demand of L6 10a, and buyers havo not been willing to give 2a 6-1 more than the highest price reached on any other half-year. Tho dividend, usually 5a per share, will bo payable on tho 23th instant, when the price will in nil proba bility recsde to L6 2j Od, or perhaps LG. National's have experienced considerable fluctuation in demand during the past month, nnd have suffered a decline from holdeis' prico at laRt report, to L3, at which large sales were effected before the closing of transfer books preparatory to tho annual general meeting on the 1st proximo. The report aud statement of ac counts then to be submitted are looked for with con tiderable interest. It is confidently affirmed that their publication will have a most favorable influence on the infttitutiou. 6&s; Companies. — Melbourne's hava been in good favor during tho month, with numerous trunsaotions in both old and now stock ; 35 per ennt. premium, with right to new issue, has been tbo ruling price for old stock, while the new issus has been eagerly ao'lgbt at 10s to 18s premium. Tlio great bulk of holders unwilling to pmt with tho new isnua at any price. Since the 2ud curient, when tho deposit on naiv shares was due, we have sold old shares at 31 per cent, premiura ; hut we think it possible that antfrw of a shade lower would not be refused. On tho other hand, new shares are firmer than before, nnd if not burdened with a proportion of old, will fetch lSi readily. Geelong's are very little deals ia. Tbo company will be soon able to light up the town ; and the works having been erected at moderate coat, the stock is in good repute in tb 9 district. Thera are a few shares offering hero at L3 las. Jjillaarat'u have been effured in nmiU parcels during the month, at 15s to 20s premium, but without lead ing to transactions. The' Bendigo Company in now Inopsration, tho town of Sandhurst having been lit np ftr tha first time about a foitai^ht ago. Shares r;re offered here nt par, but do not find buyers. Cclling wood'n have been n Coring lately at par to 2s 6.i pre mium, hut thero are no buyers. The O.islhmaino ond Kynetou Companies aro seldom heard of in this m \rkct Insurance Companies. — Tho depression reported last month has prevailed throughout tho present. Although we havo not had many fires, there has been very little symptom of improvemaat in insurance share?. AuetraluBian'n have been sold at 22s O'J, but latterly thero have not been many ofT^iinj? under t,ys. Colonial's did not find buyers at anything nver 7s 0.1 discount until tha decision in the csao, M'E.vau v. Colonial Insurance, became known, when buyers came forward at Sn discount. Melbourne's huva been sold at 5s, aru though at times not saleable would now he liken freely at that psice. Victoria Fire and Marine's hava been sold at L52 cum. div. Tho re port submitted at tho annual mooting, though not so favorable as bo*ic previous ones, ia still satisfactory. The usual dividend of L4 per Hhare has been declared, and L2 10b per share capitalised. The balance at credit of profit and loss cccouut now amounts to L26,587 6s 7J. Victorian Life and General's havj been quiet throughout the month. We have sold at L3 per share, at which they are still offered. Mining Cjmpanies. — We are glad to be able to re port that thero i3 now a more favorable feeling to wards miniDg schemes than has existed for some time past. Wo have had vory heavy falls of rain during the month, and one caus9 of delay in th3 operations of mining companies has thereby been removed- A coiraiderablo nutnbjr of companies have their works well forward, and a general feeling prevails that tho value of the different schemes will speedily bo tested. Suoh a state of matters doe3 not toud to cteafco a largo business in mining share.', for while not a few an' williug lo purohaae, present prices aro in most in stances so' low as to encourage holders to wait reEit't ', rather than sell, :mless calls or other engagements press very hard. A number of bubble scheme! have been weeded oat, and tho more legitimate are begin ning to rcip the benefit of their cisappaarance. The frequenoy of meetings required by some of tho deeds tends to give ooufidence in the management, and we believe that where such frequent meetings aro not pro vided for, tha directors will soon find it expedient to supply the deficieacy by tho publication of monthly reports. lUilways. — As was anticipated iu last report, Mel bourne and Hobson's B -.y shares suffered from the advices received by tho January mail. Transactions during tho month have beon at L'36 103 for old, aud LIS premium for now. Tho advices just received have hRd a further depressing tendency, and we have Bince made sales at LC3 and LG4. Gee long and Melbourno shares seldom change bands now. Holders demand Ll to L2 premium, ntid while the shares would sell readily at par, there aro no otters at anything over that. Arrangement are now nearly completed for the transfer of the line to Government, on terms which appear to be satisfac tory to the shareholders. The Bill authorising the transfer has passed the third reading ia the Assem bly. Melbourno and Suburban's have been sold at L9 Ids, and still show a downward tesdeccy, chiefly from the tightness of money with holders. There is still a largo amount to spend in the extension cf the line, aud investors aro looking to the discount as the only interest they can expect for some time to comc. Sr. Kilda aud 'Brighton's have not improved^ in favor, and suing for calls has forced soma shares into the market at a low figure. We offjr them at L12 10a., or 50 per cent discount. The Melbourne and Essondon Company are waiting tho arrival of plant. The shares aro unsaleable. Miscellaneous. — Bsndigo Wafer Works Company's shares are unsaleable, a call of Ll per sharo having be made. The shares having been offered under par without inducing transactions. Melbourne Guaranty Company's shares are offered at 8s to 8s 61, but buyers do not approach theso rates. Ovens Gold fields Water Works Company's shares are offered at 2j 6:1 discount, but thc-re is no market for tbcra. Provident Institute shares havo beon offered at 2a G1 premium, but buyers havo not latterly been willing to »J vance on par. Debentures. — Thera have been vory law deben tures of any kind offering during the month. A few short dated Geelong Railway's and a parcel of Mel bourne Corporation 6 per cent's sum up the quantity. Victoria Government 5 aud 6 per cent's aro out oi the market. We have a plentiful supply cf money f.ir loans on first-clans securities, nt low rates, ranging from 8 per eent upwards, but the present gloomy aspect of affairs causes even city securities to b3 cautiously desslt with. The following is Mr Lawrance'a reviow of the flour p.nd grain markets for tho five weeks ending April 23rd, 1860 : — In reviewing the corn market for tho past five v, 3eks, it may be remarked, that the veaotioa noticed last month no beginning to manifest itself, baa beon fully realised, and an advanca in prices beiug mudo and maintained. Statement of imports subjoined will show a deficiency, as compared with last year's as reparda tbe month of March, aud for quarter end ing 31st March ; a good active busiuess is being tran sacted in bread stuff, and tho tone of the market is decidedly improved ; for horse feed also, more espe cially so v.'itbin the last ten days, the scarcity of some erticles influencing tho value of others ; upon tho whole, trade i« in a mu:h more healthy state than it has been for along time, and a more general feeling of confidence is porceptihlo, and should tbe market remain undisturbed by speculation or heavy foreign imioita, a steady uml healthy br.r/nes.-; will_ continue . bei'u' transacted. The autumn fall of rain is over au i average throughout the Australian colonies, whioh will induce a greater extent of laud being put under | crop this season, and a greater yield mayalso bo j 'ooked for. Tha Port Phillip Farmers' Society held their annual show (if cereals, roots, &c.;, on the 4th instant- It may be interesting to those at a distance, who may not know or under-rate tho producing capa bilities of this colony, to state hsri; that there was wheat exhibited weighing uvor 67 lk per bnshel : potato oats, 48J lb per bmhol ; and tartariau, 40 G-1G lb tier bushel ; and barlt-j weighing wiihln a fraction of5G lb per bushel. The grasses, roots, fco., couidnot he surpassed ; the cereals, seeds, roots, 4c., a3 shown by Mr Skilliug, manager on tho Government Model Farm, were especially interesting, not only for the supeiior qualities, the creditable stjle in which the samples were got up, while tho cost of production was also being shown ; it became doubly interesting, while th) great questions of the day am the settlement of the agricultural lands of the colony, are under dl-cussion in the Legislature while, on the other hand, the old established farmers are seeking protection. A great fact is being elucidated from the results of this show, that we have in this colony ample elements for pro duction ; nothing is wanted after tbe settlement of the land question but the carrying out of a large and com prehensive scheme of assisted immigration of a trained and 8uitiblo c!a?s of agricultural laborers — the great desideratum of the past, and the only hope of the future farming interests. Farming cannot be carried on successfully without cheaper labor ; therefore an extensive immigration will coutributc tho best means of protection to native industry which wo cm have. Flour. — Imports continue light from abroad ; since ' the 17lb March they consist of about 000 tons United Stitea barrel, and 80 tons Californian ; while our exports within tho same period are 300 ions of various sorts. Stocks in importers' and millers' handa are unusually light at this period of the year ; tho market has been without any speculation, prices having been forced up by tho tightnees farmers havo held their wheat in this nnd the neighboring colonies, coupled with our having to compete with Now South Wales millers in South Australian and Ta3manian markets, whiio New Zealand takes up a portion of our sup plies abo, prices have advanced about L3 per ton ; the closing quotations being ns follows : — Adelaide sorts, L23 to L23 lOj ; Magarey's suporfine, L2| ; Tuamanian. L22 10s ; Californian, L21 per ton of 2000 lb ; United States Barrel, 4Gs to 48a per barrel of 196 lb Wheat — Ojr imports from abroad consist of about 37,600 bushels Californian ; our own and colonial supplies have recently fallen off; Millers are scantily supplied, aud pi ices hava, in consequence, run up ; but as the ehipmsntu recently reaching this mar ket from California have been realising a good margin of profit, it is more than probable that we shall have considerable shipments from that quarter at no distant period, while the high rates ruling here, will without doubt attract shipments of wheat and flour from Chili, and it is likely some of the surplus stocks of flourftcouirulated iu the Eastern States of America will also find their way into this market ; the Cali fjrmati wheat found a ready sale ct 3i 6d, nnd the eloainsr quotations for Australian ia 10a to 10s 3d per bushels of 60 lbs. Oats. — Imports for tho quarter bave fallen off, and advices by the last English mail show a dtciJed de crease in the shipments, which is so fir satisfactory, but while we have stocks of Irish, Scotch, Russian, Danish, Californian and Calcutta oats, amounting t-j over one million bushels, lyii'g dead on hand for a very l:i: i period, am.l prices nominal as far as regards many of these sar'.!-, eren under the quotation they could be shipped at tha ports of export, it will not bo tha svlvices ot short sbip meutj of ons mail that will impart any de gree of confidence to a market so long and hf-avily depressed ; taking into account the quantity ofoatsavniUbla within the colonics, it may ho fairly estimated that we have over a year's consumption still on hand. Other feeding stuffj have taken their place to n considerable degree!, and the demand now in existence id for colonial grown sorts only, and in them an advanca of 0 I per bushel has been esta blished, thore being no demand for Danish, Russian, and stile parcels of Irish and Scjtch, The closing prices are as follows : — Irish aud Scotch, 2s 9-1 to 3s IJ'l ; Calmitta, 2 1 ; C.vbfornian, 3j 9d ; colonial, 43 to 4s 3.1 per bushel of 43 lb. Barley.— Imports of this grain have also fallen off, tho, low prices of oats and hay having influenced a decrease of consumption as au article of horse feed, while of any parcels imported, very littlo Is found suitable for nta'ting purposes, there being a jjood de mand for malting sortB at present, occasioned by an ad vance ia price of malt. Quotations are aa follows : — Capo and Oalifurninn feeding Rorts, 3s 01 to 4-) ; English malting, 5 j 6d to 63 per bushel of 50 lb3. Maize— Imports continue moderate, and are rather under than abeve our consumption ; oar supplies are presently drawn from Now South Wales, and any parcels n»w reaching this market find a ready sale at 33 D 1 par bushel of 56 lbs. Gram. — Imports have entirely f illen off ; any par cels in the hands of tbe trade find buyers at L12 per ton of 2,240 11)3. Brim. — Imports have decreased on the quarter to one half as ca.npared to last year ; a good demand exists, and prices are firm at la 10J to Is lid per bushel of 20 lbs. Imports for Quarter, 1st January to 31st March, 1859, aa compared with tbe same period in 1860 : — 1839\. I860, Brrvn ... 190, 3Gi bushel* ... 80,097 bushels. Barley ... 22,232 „ .„ 1,210 „ Maize ... 31,770 „ ... 01,133 „ Mult ... 20,123 „ ... 57,080 „ Outs ... 424,935 „ ... 215,311 „ Wheat ... 108,797 „ ... 103,701 „ Flour .. 7,513 tons ... 4,519 tons. Gram ... 073 ,, ... nil. Imports for March, 1859, aa oompared with Maroh, 1869:— 1859 1830 Bran ... S.1.083 bushels ... 23,353 bushels. Barley ... 1,830 „ ' ... 780 „ Maize ... H,7c9 „ ... S\85'i 1, Malt ... 10,200 „ ... 17,007 „ Oats ... 208,015 „ ... 54,789 „ Wheat ... 32,703 „ ... 35,212 „ l'lour ... 2,308 tons ... 1,45' tons Gram ... 551 ,, ... nil. 