COMMERCIAL NEWS. — = — ♦ — : ? VICTORIA. Impost Mabkets.— Various causes have combined to render the past week one of the dullest we have' had for a long time. The state of the roads and the inconveniences of travel have perhaps contributed to this effect by indisposing country buyers to come to town'; while the number of drays detained by the floods has caused considerable difficulty in getting goods sent off. The partial and rude manner in which our gold-fields are -worked, and must continue to be worked until some earnest attention. is given by our Government to a proper water supply, and increased immigration, for obtaining the precious metal from our farming soil, are alone sufficient reasons for the limited amount of business of which all still complain. During the past week there has been no movement of importance in the import markets. Flour has been quietly improving, and the market closes firm at an advance on last week'B quotations. Best Adelaide brands are worth £19 to £19 10s., and Cali fornian is quoted at £18. There is a steady sale for wheat, with but little of colonial growth offering. ' ; Prices range from 7s. 6d. to 8s. Oats have not gone off quite so freely, but prices are well sustained. Colonial oats are worth 4s. 3d. to 4s. 4d. ; and other oats 3s. 6d. to 4s., according to sample. Ales have improved, and Bass's No. 3, stands at £7 10s. to £8. Bottled beer as before. Hops have sold at 2s. The provision trade has been generally quiet, though a slight movement has been apparent in buttei- — purchases having been made for reshipment to England. Quotations are from 9d. to 10£d. perlb. Hams and bacon remain without change, while cheese has been bought 'rather more freely. Prices, however, do not vary. Candles have been in better enquiry, and for Belmonts the rate is 15d. to 15£d- Hale's British sperms sold at auction at 14£d. Sugars remain firm, and go off freely, while teas are rather firmer, and best Congous command £11 15s. to £12. Coffee keeps steady. Java coffee, in bond, sold at auction for 14d. One cargo of rice has arrived this week, but was sent on to Sydney. The tendency of the market for this article is upward. In metals, oilmen's stores, &c;, there are no particular features to note. — Herald, Oct. 22. Floue and Geain. — Mr. W. Lawrance reports : — The corn market is without much alteration. As noticed last week, flour had closed with more firm ness, and the turn being m favor of the seller, throughout the week a good business has been done at a trifling advance on the rates of last week. Wheat is in good request, and millers are inclined to give a slight advance. Horse feeding stuffs are without any change to note; some stale parcels of Irish oats pressed at auction has somewhat weakened the market. Flour — Imports are light, a steady con sumptive demand has worked off the bulk of the parcels recently to hand from South Australia ; some of the parcels of Califomian to hand a short time since, have changed hands at about £17. The last lot United States barrel to hand has hot as yet found a buyer, but is on the market at 42s. Closing quota tions are as follows: — Adelaide sorts, £18 10s. to £19 10s. : Tasmanian, £17 15s. to £18 5s. : Chilian and Califomian, £18 per ton. Wheat — There is a good demand for wheat, but little or any colonial sorts offering ; some transactions have resulted in Californian at 7s. 3d. to 7s. 6d. ; any good parcels colonial would bring 8s. per bushel. Oats are unchanged, a slight disposition to press sales of some old parcels somewhat damped ..the market. A good steady demand exists for colonial, Californian, Dutch, and Danish sorts, that are sweet and sound. Closing quotations are as under : — Irish and Scotch, 3s. 3d. to 3s. 9d. ; Russian, 3s. 3d.; Danish aad Dutch, 3s. 8d. to 4s. ; Californian, 3s. 9d. to 4s. ; colonial, 4s. 2d. to 4s. 4d. per busheL Barley is unaltered, stocks are very light, and as no transactions result, quotations cannot be given. Maize is in fair demand, and prices are well main tained. Closing quotations for prime Sydney sorts, 3s. 8d. to 3s. 9d. per bushel. Bran — We are without imports; a good demand exists, and prices range from Is. 5d. to Is. 6d. per bushel. Oatmeal — some old lots are offering at low prices; good sound parcels find a ready sale at £21 to £23. Bencraft's colonial sells at £25 per ton. Potatoes still advance in value, and are readily saleable at an advance of £2 on last week's rates. A prime parcel from Circular Head sold at £15 15s. on wharf this day ; closing quotations are £15 per ton. Postscript.— Friday evening/ 19th October. — The flour market closes firmly at an advance of 10s. per ton over yas terday's prices, fair brands of Adelaide having found buyers at £19 ; Hart's and Magarey's superfine have been quitted at £20. Imports being less than antici pated, and stocks light, cause increased inquiries, while the latest telegraphic intelligence from Adelaide denotes an upward tendency in prices. . Horse feed is unaltered; there iq no speculation, but a fair con sumptive demand exists ; a parcel of Java maize brought 3s. Id. to 3s. 2d. per bushel. Malt is in re quest, and prices liave an- upward tendency. Potatoes have a ready sale at quotations. , Estimated imports of flour and grain at the Port of Melbourne, from 13th to 19fch October, inclusive : — Mour — South Australian, 200 tons ; Tasmanian,. 3 tons. Wheat — South Australian, 1900 bushels. Oats — Tasmanian, 10,000 bushels; New South Wales, 5,600 bushels; Victorian (coastwise), 30 bushels. Maize — From New South Wales, 18,000 bushels; from Java, 1,900 Bran — Tasmanian, 1,300 bushels. 