VESSELS IN HARBOUR. AUTUMNUS, barque, 850, Wright, in the Stream, Willis, Merry, and Co , agents. ANNIE WILSON, Rhip. 1119, Ducket, at Botts' Wharf, Thacker, D miel, and Co., agents. Discharging. ACHILLES, ship, 670, Hart, in the Cove, J. Macnamara and Son, as*nt«. ' ' ? ALEXANDER, American ship, G-0, Baxter, at Wilkinson's Wharf, Wilkinson, Brothers, and Go., agerife. BILLETON, Hamburgh ship, 519. Ganswgh, at Campbell's Wharf. G. A. T.lmrd And fin.. ncpntR. BRONZEWING, schooner, 25, Weiss, In the Cove, Malcolm, agent. , . COLONSAY, ship, 698, MMlister, BottB1 Wharf.i^bnng, Lark, ' and Bennett, agents. CALLENDAR, sohooner, HO, Honeyznan, at Grafton Wharf, a, Wright, agent. CAROLINE HORT, brig, 258, Button, in the Cove, G. A.Lloyd »n& Co., agents. COLEROON, ship, 710, Hall, at Macnwnara's Wharf, Captain, Spent. Discharging. CAROLINE, French brig, ISO, Truscott, jn Darling Harbonr, Capti in, agent.; For Part de France. CAROLINE, Danish ship, 393, Mattnieion, -yowas»'Wharf, E. Towns and Co., agents. CRISHNA, barque, 319, Giles, at Cuthbert's Wharf, R. T. Ford, agent. CORAL QUEEN, schooner, 80, Shank, At Circular „ Wharf, J. Macnamara and Son, agents. For/Wellington ??&-? CHAMOIS, barque. 86nv Jplly, at Maenamara!j Wharf, J. Mapua mara and Sou, agents. CLARENCE PACKET, schooner, 62, Ashmore, ia Darling Har bour, Malonltn, agent. DUNCAN DUNBAR, ship, 1300, Neatby, at Circular Wharf, Buchanan, Skinner, and Co., agents. For London. ESPERENZA, brig, 134 M'Kay, at Flour Company's Wharf, Cap tain, agent. For Melbourne. ELIZABETH, schooner, 110 tons, Boss, in Darling Harbour, Cap tain, agent ESPERENCE, French ship, $ft, Nioolas, at Campbell's Wharf, H Moore, agent. . FORTUNE, brig, 161, Patton, at Flour Co/e Wharf, E. SI. Bayers, agent. -j-.-i. FREAK, brig, 245, Fairclongh, at Smith's Wharr, C. Smith, agent. FIDUS, barque, 300, Singleton, at Circular Wharf, Flower, Salting, and Co., agents. GOVERNOR, brig, 190, Thompson, at Towns' Wharf, R. Towns and Co., ft gents. GRANITE CITY, ship, 771, Leask, at Smith's Wharf, Gilchrist, Watt. and Co., agents. Discharging. HORSBURG, American ship, 550, Oakes, in the Stream, Captain, tiepnt. HELEN WALLACE, barque, 642, Enough, at Botts* Wharf, Thacker and On., agents. Discharging. H.M.S. HERALD. 4 (runs, Denham, Farm Cove. ISLE OF FRANCE, barque, 338, Thomas, in the Stream. JASON, ship, 877, Stewart, Circular Wharf, Gilchrist, Watt, and Co. aeents. Discharging, and for London. JOHANNES. Hamburg barque, 420, Bruhn, at Campbell's Wharf, Captain, apent. Discharging. JOSEPH GILCHRIST, Amerioan chip, 1800, Jordan, in the Strpam. Captain, agent. LA HOGUE, ship, 1331, Williams, at Circular Wharf, Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., agents. For London in December. LOCHIEL, ship, 674, Hadden, at Smith's Wharf, Flower, Salting, aepnts. For London. LAUNCESTON, barque, 328, Robinson, in Darling Harbour, J. Malcolm and Co., agents. LIGHT OF THE AGE, ship, 990, Gileon, in the Stream, Captain, agent. LADY DENISON, brig, 127, MTCinley, at Grafton Wharf, Laid ley, Ireland, and Co., agents. For Launcefnn. MOA brig, 237, Anderson, at Grafton Wharf, Wright, agent. For Auckland. . MARTHA ELLIN, schooner, 124, Hill, Darling Harbour, Captain, agent. MORNINGTON, ship, 948, Dyer, atfilacnamara's Wharf, Thacker and Co.. agents. Discharging. MAY QUEEN, American schooner, 143, Bnckmlnster, at Camp bell's Wharf, Captain, agent.' NOACH, Dutch ship, 892, Welrickx, at Campbell's Wharf, W. Scott, agent. OCEAN, brig, 160, LyonB^t 8mith'o Wharf, Ciptatn, aeent. POST BOY, schooner, 98, Oatley, in the Stream, Captain, agent. QUITO, ship, 503, Lucas, at Botts' Wharf, L. and S. Spyer and Co . atronts. Discharging SOUVENIR, schooner, 120, ?? , at Grafton Wharf, Laidley and Co., agents Fnr Melbourne. SCOTIA, schooner, 69, Stewart, Circular Wharf, Korff, agent. STATHELLAN, ship, 5S7, Williamson, at Botte' Wharf, Griffiths, Fanning, and Co- For London. ST. LOUIS, American ship, 532, Jacobs, in the Stream, Flower, Saltinr. and Co., agents. SEBASTIAN, barque, 364 Begg, in the Cove, Captain, agent. TUISCO, Hamburgh ship, 3S\ Jester, at Macnamara's Wharf, J. Hacn&mara; and Son, agents. TEST, brig, 265, 'Elwood, at XamVs Wharf, R, Towns and Co., agents. F«r charter. THOMAS CAMPBELL, ship, 680, M'Kelvie. at Circular Wharf, Brierley, Dean, and Co., agents. For London. TELL, Hamburg barque, 286, Kock, at Lamb's Wharf, Dtngar, Gilchrist, and Co., agents. For Valparaiso. UNION, schooner, 180, Lellberte, Victoria Wharf, H. Clarke, agent. For Melbourne. VALIANT, brig, 200, Brodie, Grafton Wharf, Mollison and Qo,t agents. For Melbourne, VIRGINIE, Danish Bhjp. Joo, Prehn, off Circular Wharf, G. A. OT^d and Co,, agents, For Hongkong. WAVE OF LIFE, ship, 888, Stewart, Circular Wharf, Montefiore, Graham and Co., agents. Discharging. WILLIAM ALFRED, schooner, U8. Tinley, Flour Company's Wharf, M. E. Murnin ,agent. For Wellington. WATER WITCH, barque, 253, Lee, in the Stream. Smith, agent. The Pontbny is la»t from Steward's Island, and reports having sighted the Camilla, from Melbourne to San Francisco, on Thurs day, also a steamer bound to the eastward on the Uth instant, in la'itudi 40132 S., longitude 161 .16 E. A nvlancholy accident occurred on the 2nd August, during a heavy thunder squall, when a seaman named George Bryant was struck by heh»ninat and was Villed. He in supposed to have been a native of Sydney. The Samson (s.), from Manning River, arrived at Sydney Heads at 6.15 p.m. on Saturday. Her cargo consists of 255 bags maize, 49 bags wheat. 17 baas onions, 97 bags oysters, 1 coop fowls, 14 cases eggs, 2 bides, 1 horse, and sundries. The Joseph Gilchrist, from Cardiff, with a cargi or coals for the P. and O. Co., joame into port on 25th. She touched at King George's Sound, her original destination, but has been ordered on to this port, there having been several cargoes of coals landed there for the nee of the company's steamers. 8he has no report beyond having spruig her fore yard and maintop aail yard on the passage from Cardiff. t , , The Lavjna left Port de France on the 16th, and made the land at noon on the 22nd ultimo, having experienced light airs and calms in the interim ; left at Port de France the brig Maria, din. charging, and the Clarence Packet, for Sydney, loaded and ready for sea. The Woodlark was discharging nt Patten's Island. The schooner Colina was taking in ballast for Navigators' Island. The Clarence Packet arrived safe in harbour on 27th, having left New Caledonia on the 19th ultimo. There was no further report respecting the burning of the Pearl— the full particulars have already been published. The Maria was to sail from Port de France for Sydney on 35th instantiMth the mails. The Waterwitch, which came.fpon 28th, from a whaling vovage, has met with very indifferent success, and reports the flowing vessels sposen :— December S. Japan, Captain Gra&t;, in latitude 35 degrees 8., longitude 159 degrees E., with W0 barrels sDerm and a whale alongside, mated with the Canton Packet. Dpoemberf- Sea Ranger (American), *$h 1400 barrels sperm. A foll-riggfd f-bip was also sighted, peering to the south-weBt, off Gabo Island, an Saturday last. The William Alfred, from Nuleon the 15th uitimo, reports -he departure on the Uth of H.U.8. Niger, bound 'Tor Picton. The ARhbnrton, from London, was lying at Nelson ; and a brig was sighted on Sunday last, steering eaet. The Hunter (s.), from Clyde River, brings up 16 bales wool, 4 bales sheepskini', 20 hides, and sundries. Tub Lieu* of THtt A«e.— This fine dipper l«-ft the Downs on the 2nd October, in company with the Walter Hood, also bound ' for this port, and has made an excellent nassage of eighty-eight nays. She was off the Lizard on the 5th ?ctober, passed Madeira on the 16th, in company with the Prince of the Seas, from Liver pool, to Madras, and also the Walter Hood, who remained iu com pany for four days. On the 24th, passed the Cape de Verds ; on the 28th, in latitude 7-19 N., lost the N E. trades, and crossed the equator at noon, on the 3rd November ; on the 21st passed Tristan d'Acunha, sighted Inaccessible and N'ghtingale Islaeds, and rounded the Cape of Good Hope fifty- fear days out. Sevpral large quantities of ice were sighted on the 1st December. The passengers speak most favourably of the comforts experienced during the voyage, and of the kindness and attention of Captain Guson, her commander. The Elizabeth, from Melbourne, carried away her jibboom and main paff during the ran up. The Union left Melbourne on the 26th instant, apd we are in debted o Captain Littlrcote for papers up to Saturday last. The Colonsay left the Downs on the 3rd September, but did not cross the Equator until the forty-fifth day out, which accounts for her long passage. The only vessel sighted during the run eut was the Star of Tasmania, from Launceston to London, on Satur day l«t The Martha Ellen was in company with a large ship from Mel bourne, bound north, and parked with her off the Howe. Export of Coal by the Australian Agricultural Company at Newcastle, for the week ending 23rd December :— Sydney ? ? ? 585 tons Melbourne ? ? ? 19S4 South Aurtralia ? ? 70 Foreign ports ? ? 30 Steamers ? ? ? 182 Total ? ? 2751 tons. Export of Coal by the Newcastle Coal and Copper Company, for the week ending 23rd December :— Svdney ? ...... ...... 1118 tons Melbourne ? ? „.... 86.0 .. Geulong ? ? ? i52 \ Adelaide ? ? ? 430 Steamers ? ? ? 802 Total ? ? 2962 tons. '. The American ship Marilla arrived from New York on the 24th instant. A fatal accident occurred du-irg the paee&ge.; On the 3rd of October, the chbf officer, Mr. Daniel C. Keiey, fell over board and was drowned, although every exertion was made to save him. There was a strong breeze at the time, arid the ship was going about nine knots an i a half. This occurred ia latitude 9-49 N., longitude 34-40 W. His wife waB on board at the time.— Argus. 26th December. Captain Kendall, of the Express, reports that on the night of . the 25th instant he was close to Kent's Group, but could not dis tinguish the light, although at 8 p m. the inland bore S. Yi E., distant 10 miles. This may be accountrd for from the hazy state of the atmosphere, for Captain Archer, of the Prince Albert, wag near those islands the same eveciag at 8 p.m., when he bore S.W. by W., distant about 20 miles, and at midnight be was due 8., distant about 15 miles. He did not see the light, for the weather was very thick and hazy during the previous night, and continued so during the day. It frequently happens that this light is obscured in the haze, in consequence of its great height.— Argus, 29th December. The schooner Picard, which arrived from Melbourne yesterday, spoke on the 10th instant, about fifteen miles to the south-west of the Curtis's, the clipper ship Saalimar, eighty days from Liverpool, bound to Sydney with immigrants. She wished to be reported. Captain Griggs also saw off the Pillar a shoal of whales, and a whaling brig about seven miles distant from them.—Hobart Town Mercury, December 17. The steamship Wonga Wonga left Sydney at i p.m. on tbe 17th instant. On the 18th at 4 p.m. rounded Cape Howe, and at 4.30, perceiving a signal flying at Gabo Island, communicated with tbe shore, aid ascertained that the schooner Margaret Nicol had been wrecked ; took on board the wboie of her crew and proceeded on her voyage. At 6 p.m. signalised the brig Gipsy, steering 8.W. At 9 p.m., on the 19th, sighted the City of Sydney. Ai 11.30 entered the Heads, and at midnight transhipped the supplemen tary mail from Sydney to tbe Malta.t-.4ye, 2 let instant. Total Weeck of the Schooner M+iipabet Niqol.— Tbe follow ing brief outline of the loBSoi this vessel is all that we have been able to gather :— About three weeks after leaving Newcastle, during heavy weather, the rudder broke adrift, baviBg previously worked so much as to loosen the stern-poet. Made several at tempts to bear up for different places, and was at length success ful in getting unaer tbe lee of Gabo Island, where, on account of tbe water having so coneftlerably gained on tbe efforts of the worn-out crew, Bhe was abandoned. At that time there was eight feet of water in her hold. The crew were all saved, and brought to this port b- the Wonga Wonga. — Age, 21st instant. The New Steamer Oscar.— It has long been known that a steamer was expected out to ta&e; the place of the ill-fated Ad mella. The vessel referred to is the Qacar. described in a card kindly forwarded to this office as 'a magnificent first-class clipper screw steamer, of 674 tons.' She was laid on for Port Phillip -when tbe last mail left, and her last ehippiBg day was specified to be the 3rd ol November. She would probable sail not later than tbe 15th November, allowing for those delays which it is always said will not, but which almost invariably do, attend the sailing of ships. The card referred to saya-'This splendid vessel is ? noted for her great speed. She will proceed to Melbourne under canvas ; and it is confidently expected she will make the passage in seventyriwo 4ays.' Should this fond anticipation be realised, as we heartily wish it may, tbe smart craft will be reaching her destination in the eariy part of February, Messrs. Gaedechecs and Cp. have kindly favoured us with the following communica tion from their London correspondents relative to the Oscar :-, 'London, October 18, 1859,— We are sending out one of tbe finest steamers here to take thr place of tbe Admeila, as per en closed card. She is built by Scott Russell, tbe builder of the Great Eastern, on the same lines, and is a model of a ship.' We hope this model of the Great Eastern may safely reach our shores, aixd be followed by that marvellous ship on whose lines she is eiud to be construe ,ed.—S. A. Register, - ' 