&alw; J&wtion.; TO-MORROW. ! So Oornfactor?, Grocers, Storekeeper! wu Otnwfc 4000 Bushels Danish Oats. SO Tons Patna Rice. Without resorve. . SYMONS and PERRY have received 'n'1'10' iIodi to sell by auction at their rooms, Cellini ktreet, on Tneiiay, 0th inst, at twelve 0 doc*# 4000 bushels Danish oats SO tons Patna rioe. Note— No reserve. Term a nt sale. TO-MORROW. Clearing Ont Sal*. Oilmen'* Stores, Tea, Sugar, Oatfl, Prulti, Spirit*, 4?. To Groeori, Storekeepers, and Others. SYMONH aud PERRY bav# reoelred lastruc tions from tho importer to sell by auotion, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, Ith Inst, ItrtlTe 9'o]ock- 110 eases Batty's bottled fruits, ea«h 2 aoeta 60 do ilb mustard, each 8 doaen 80 do Harvey's sauoe, do 4 do 80 do assorted sauces, do do 40 do Loaenby's pint plcklw 10 do Batty's do 4 8 boxes tea 14 bags white China sugar 15 do brown do S4 do China e u-?ar, slightly damage® M do Thornton's blaclt oata 47 do M' Mullen's do IS o&ses; currants 31 boxes Cape ralsini 168 do macc troni 2 cases vermicelli 2 casks tapioca 3 cwt cut isinglass, In lib and 4l» Bus 11 cases Coleman's starck 100 kegs haricot beans 26 bugs coffee 2 taws French wax vests Also, #00 oases Champagne Co's brandy 70 Imitation Otsrd's do 88 eases claret 7 oasks bottling wax. To clear out No reserve. Terms— caih. TO-MORROW. To dose accounts. SYMONS and PERRY aro instructed to sell by auction at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, 6th Inst, at twelve o'clook, 10 barrels Patras currants SO octaves Madeira. Terms at sale. TO-MORROW. To Nurserymen, Seedsman, and Others. Red and White Clover and Luoerne Seed. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by publio auc tion, at their rooms, Collins street, ox Taasday, 0th inst,, at twelve o'clock, 2 oaeks, eaih S cwt, lice red olover 2 dD, do 5 dwt. white do 4 do, do 6 owt, lucerne. Terms at sale. TO-MORROW. 15 Chests Tea, ex Clara Npvello, No 5. 10 Half-Chesta Do, Do, No 3. OnAauount of the Former Purchasers. SYMONS aud PERRY have received instruc tions to sell by auction, on account and risk ®f th# former purchasers, Messrs Learmonth and Co., at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, 6th last., at tweive o'olock, 15 chests ten, ex Clara Novello, No 0 10 half chests do, do, No 3. Sold at the risk of former pnrobaiers. Terms — cash. _____ ' TO-MORROW. Three Cases Genuine Regalias. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY have received instruc tions to sell bj auction, at tkeir rooMs, ?olllni streat, oa Tuesday, 6th Inst., at twelvo ?'alook. _ . 9 caaos genuine Havannnh regallaa. Terms at sale. ? TO-MORROW. To Hotelkeepere, Storekeepers, Dealer*, and Others. 100 Hhds Bass's No 3 Burton Ale. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by anotlOB, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, 6th Inst, at twelve o'olook, . 100 hhds Bass's No 3 Burton ,al« In splendid sonditlon. Terms at Hale. ? WEDNESDAY, 7th MARCH. 40* Casks Curtis aud Harvey's Blasting Powder. SYMONS and PERRY have received Instruc tions to sell by ouctioa, at their rooms, Golllai straet, on Wednesday, 7th inst, at twelve o'clock. 2tQ casks Curtis and Harvey fl blasting powder, in The magaalue f 00 do do, in the Hulk. Ready for delivery. Terms at sale. WEDNESDAY, 7th MARCH. Boots and Shoes. At th# Stores of Mews Miles and Co., 97 Flinders Lano west. lfiO Trunks of Seasonable Boots and Shoes. So the Boot and Shoe Trade, Up-country Store keeper?, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY are instructed by the importers, Messrs. Miles and Co., to sell by publio auotion, nt their stores, 87 Flinders laue west, ou Wednesday, 7th inst , at twelve o'clock, 160 trunks of first-class seasonable boots and shoes, manufactured by Johnson, Gilmau, and Co., Clarke, Waterman, T. B. Elley, &e.;, and compris ing— Men's army bluchers Do strong do, rough sprigged Do long Wellingtons Do best calf do Do do short do Do kid leg and patent calf side springs \- Do memel stout do Do watertights, various qualities Do carpet slippers Do grain napoleons, tipped and sprigged Women's kid sWe-epring welt boots Do cashmere boots, to lace Do eloth do. patent golosh ed lace, elastlo, and button ? Do cordovan boots Do kid and memel balmorals Do enamelled wal welt mitre shoes Girls' cordovan boots, fl-9 and 10-13 Do Jo balmorals do Do cloth button boots, do Do memel goloshed do, do Do oafhmere button do, do Childreu's enamelled seal strap 'shoes, 2-5 and 6-9 Do patent calf dress do, do I Do do colored do, do. | No reserve, a Terms, liberal, at sale. WEDNESDAY, 21st MAROH. 4 Preliminary Notice. ? 1 QYMONS and PERRY have received Instruc Is5 tions from MeBire. Gill. Fowler, and Co. to ?ell by auotion, at their stores, Little Collins street Rest, on Wednesday, 21st inst., at eleven o'olook, ,s To close partnership accounts, And account sales, ! An sxtensive assorlmeut of general mer \ chandise, Ironmongery, aaddlery, coaoh * makers' materials, &o;, v j The whole of which are for positive sale. ?} Pull particulars will appear in future advertise ' wants, and catalogues are now preparing. Terms at sale, ffi ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? — ? ? ? UH CASH ADVANCES ON NEW AND SBCOND l n-fj HAND FURNITURE. 'H T- EAUCHAMP BROTHERS, auctioneer?, valua IM JJ tors, and commission ogentB, 88 and 40 Col' ' '3 lias street east (late J. W. Bell's), are prepared to ' ' t make cash advances upon new and secondhand furniture, &a.;, sent into their rooms frr sale either 'l by auction or privately. i Outdoor sales of furniture carefully lotted and \- s* arranged, or removtd to tho rooms of the auc tioneers on the shortest possible notice. Catalogue sale of new and secondhi.nd fnrniture tfjry Wednesday, at 13 o'olook. 'yy P«it:e» having goous to dispose of will pleas 3 to wnl paiti nlai'H to th# auctioneers not later thin Miarsr t? insure their being Inwrted la the cata , ogie. 46C9io»y»9 I &A; ?: ^ V Salw ii- awctipm THIS DAY. Sinclair's Roll Bacon, Coey's Ham* and Bacon, \- Campbell's Hams and Bacon, Cheese, Lingflsb, Oatmeal, Currants, Soda Crystals. Sed* Ash, Chicory, Dressed Rice, Dunlop Cheese, Sherries, Paints, Turpentine, &3. To Grocers, Storekeepers, WineMerohanU, Painters, Glaziers, and Others. WEASEY and CO. have received instrno ? tions from the importers to sell by auc tion, at their rooms, Collins street, en Moaday, 5th init, at eleven o'olook, 7 cases Sinclair's roll baton, a«W onrt 10 do Ooey's do do, do 8 do Reid's belly do 34 do OnmpiscU's do 82 do North Wilts ohww 1C0 do lingfish 10 puncheons do 100 barrels ontmeal 40 do currants 66 casks soda orystali Si do do ash 10 cases chicory 7 do lemon and oringe peel -800 bags dressed Patna lies 24 Cases Dunlop cheese. Wines and Spirits. ' 6 quartero'ieks Amontillado sherry SI I cases Gillon's mountain d«w 160 do oiarst, very fine. Paint*, Oils, A*. 200 drams turpentiaa 200 do raw oil 300 do boiled do (0 do colza do 1 ton fine blue paint 5 do red do 6 do whito do. Also, 10# barrels Roman cement 150 sheets Morewood'B best corrugated iron 60 gross bathbricks S00 feet plate glaap, Ac. Tbe aboT« goodB are now landed, and In the best ?ondition. Terms at sale; THIS DAY. Galvanised Corrugated Iron, 34 and 16 Gauges. To Bulldsrj, Contractors, aud Oi hers. WEASEY and CO. will sell by auction at ? their rooms, 33 Collins sireat west, on Monday, Gth inst, at eleven o'clock, 2 tons galvanised corrugated Iron, 24 gauge, 6 leets 1 do do, do, 7 feets % do do, do, do 8 do do, 20 do, 6 and 7 do. All intinncd, and in Quo condition. Terms at Bale. THIS DAY. 12 Morocco Diniugroom Chairs. At tha Rink of Mr Abrahams, the Formor Pur chassr. WEASEY aud Co. will Bell by auotion, at ? their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Monday, 5th inst., at eleven o'olock, 12 handsome morocco dinlngroom choirs. At the risk of Mr Abrahams, the former pur chaser. Terms — cash. ? ~ THIS DAY. 100 Bags Sago Flour. To GroofrB, Storekeepers, and Others. WEASEY and CO. wil sell by auction, at a their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Monday, 6th inst, at eleven o'olook, 100 bigs sigo flour. ! Tcrmi at. sale. j THIS DAY. 50 Barrels Stockholm Pitoh. To Shipchandlers and Others. T Tf KASEY aud CO. will sell by auction, at YV ? their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Uomd&y; 6th inst., at eleven o'olock, 60 barrels Stookholm pitoh. No reserve. Terms at sale. THIS DAY. And Following Days. 5fe Draptrs, Country Storekeepers, and Others, Creat and Unreserved Sal# of L6J0O Worth of Naw ond Seasonable Drapery, Woollens, and Slops, by Auctioa. In the Ifctate of Moody and Middlecoat, 45 Collins street o-st. MACKILLOP and COOKE have received in structions from the trustees of tha estate ] si Moody aud Middlecoat, to sell by auotion, on j tht premises, 45 Collins street east, on Monday, Stk Much, and following days, at tleven o'olock ] pr«cis«ly( Without tho least reserve, tha whole or tho valuable and wall aasarUi stock of dripery, consisting of — Blonde edgings *nd laces, sleeves and col lars Flowers, feathers, head dresses, &e;,, in great j variety ? Bonnet rihbonp, do J Vanoy satin and luW ribbon, €e Silks and ,'atin^ and silk dressss Black and colors! silk velvets Muslins anti criipes j Damask tablu napkins i Cloaks, mantles, andjaoketa Furs Jancy dresses lUn's and women's hosiery, In eotton, worsted, and nilk Wool and worsted fringes anii furnishings Ladies' bonnets, trimmed and antrimmed ( Ladits' straw, tuscan, aud ohher bat«| Ladies' colored gauntlets and gloves Do and children's undsrclothing Children's frockB and dresaea Gentlemen's gloves Choice perfumery and brushed Men's flops, woolloa piece geods, and a large awortment of superior haber dashery, too numerous to pirticnlariie. Boots and shoes, &o.; Together with The first olass shop and counting honse furniture and fittings Macklllop and Coake's instructions are to sell tke whole of tha above stock, without reserve, the premises being let. The stock will bo on vic-w on Trlday and Satur* day, the 2nd and 3rd of March. Further particulars can be had, and catalogues of the stock seen, on application to the auotloneeri, at 31 Queen street, or ou the premises, 45 Collins strest east. Terms— Under L100, cafh ; above that amount, approved bills at three months' date. N0tet ? The attention of tbe trade and.eoaatry storekeepers is particularly requeBt-d to ttfcis ex eelleut aud seasonable aiock, which mu«t b? sold, the trustees hav''g3.put no grecervo wUatoenn any of the goo js. _________ MONDAY, 12th MARCH. DW. VIRTUE bas reonived instruetions kom ? Alexander Lainp, B'q., official asaignei in tha insolvent estate of Wiliiani Fox, to sell by publio auction, on Monday, 12th inst,, at tha Nog's Head Hotel, CariBbrook, The whole of the valua≤ and exteniive assortment of wines, spirits, groceries, furniture, fixtures, horses, harneis, vehioles, and other e-ffeots. i Terms at salo. Further particulars will be given in a futme advertisement-. 43 714 THIS DAY. Colts. DrangM Colis. MM 'CAW ond ANOTHER have received In ? strnotlonB to sell by auction, at the Royal Horse Bazaar, ou Monday, 6th inst., at twelve o'olock sharp, 80 very superior heavy draught colts ana fillies, bred by W. Foster. E«q , Gipps Land, from pure Clydesdale Tasmania! horses, all in tip-top condition. The above horfies are superior to any lot ever brought from Gipps Lund. No reserve. Si 714 TO- MORROW. Horses. Mil'.l AW and AtvOTHER have receifefl ? lnstruotions from S. Staughfon, Esq., to goli by auction, at the Royal Hori-e Baaaar, ou Tuenday, O'.b Inst., at t-selve o'clock ahsip, 20 very UFcful coltB and Allies, fit for ynr gon, coach, or saddle, all In spljudil oonditlon. N«r«sfrr», SI ° ? i SeuUff is Miction. ~ THIS DAT. Freeholds. East Collingwood. NKINSMAM has received instructions to tell ? by auction, on Monday, 6th instant, on the respective grounds, commencing with Lot 1, At twelve o'clock. Two neat weatherboard cottages, one of fonr and one of three rooms, slated, plastered, and well finished, being the corner of Vere and Park streets, having a frontage of 103 faet to Park street by a frontage of 26 feet to Vero street, and will be sold In one or two lots, as may be desired. Lot 2. At half-paBt twelve o'clook. Two weatherboard cottages, situated In Harms worth B'reet, known as Vale Cottages, th# land having a frontage of 26 feet to Harmsworlh street by 70 feet deep to a right of way 16 feet. One ; cottage has one room ; tho other two rooms, and slated. TitleB good. N. Kinsman, auctioneer, 3 Moor street, Plteroy. THIS DAY. To Hotelkeepers and Othora. N KINSMAN bas received instructions to b*11 ? sell by auction, on the premises of Mestrs. Hind and Turner's new shops, Brunswick street, n»ar the Belvidere Hotel, Two superior billiard and bagatelle tables, complete; 20 iron bedsteads, various kinds i 20 hair and other; mattresses, painted spirit kega, sideboards, chairs, tables, large kitchen range1, and stoves. And A variety of, other goods, gas chandeliers, £c. Sale at two o'clock, by N.fKinsraan, auctioneer. TO-MORKOW. To Chemists and Druggists, and Others, N KINSMAN is favored, with instructions to a sell by auction, on the premises, Smith street, Collingwood, on Tue:day, 6th Snst, The second portion of the valua≤ stock of Messrs. Langton Drew and Co. Catalogues nud terms at eale,j and no reserve whatever. Sale nt twelve o'olock sharp, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and valuer, 3 Moor street, Fi'zroy. ~ WEDNESDAY, 7th MARCH. Sale of Hav, Horses, Dairy Cattle, Working Bullock!, & c. At Glenaulyn, near Broadmeadows. The Farm lately occupied by Mr G. C. Cameron,^ EDWARD ROW and CO. are instructed to sell by auction, at Glenoulyn, Broadmeadows, on Wednesday, 7th inst, 30 head horse stock, consisting of — Brood maros, young stock, by the celebrated entires, Clyde and Cromwell. Also, Heavy draught entire, by Clyde, three years old Do do, by Cromwell, two year* old Do do, by do, one year old 22 working bullocks 18 head dairy cattle 10 steers S stacks hay (about 300 tons) Farming implements 2 bullook draya. Terms, libera!, will be declared at ss.le. To oommenco at twelve o'oloclr. 49 743 THURSDAY, 8th MARCH. At Morton's Hotel. Bourko street. Salo of the Campbellfield Flour Mills, With 77 acres 3 roodB and 26 percbos of Land, ond Smaller Lots for Building purposes. By Order of the Trustees appointed by the Will of tho late Bei jamin Barber, Efq. TjlDWARD ROWand CO. are instructed by Goo. hi Coghill and John Digbt, Esqs., the trustees appointed by the will of the lata Benjamin Barber, Etq., to sell by auction, at Morton's Hotel, Bourko street, on Thursday, .8th iuBt., at tweive O'clock, Tho following property, via.— Lot 1. All tho°e premises known as the Carapbollflald Flour Mills, consisting ol 77 acres 3 roods and 20 ! perches of land (more or leas), part of Portion No. 18 of the parish of tiVill Will Rook. Together with Tho mill, cottages, and other buildingB erected thereon. The mill is most substantially built of stoue, having four floors, three pairs of Frenoh burrA, a 12-horse power steam cugine, working up to 10 horse power (by the eminent makers, T. Ful ton and Co.) It ban also smutting and dressing machines ond pack tackle complete ; in short, the whole concern is iu perfect working order, and capable of manufacturing 40 Tonn of Flour per week. It ia situated in a splendid wheat growing country only eight; miles from town, on a line macadamised road. There are four workmon'a cottages and abundance of water on tho land, and a very sub stantial dAellingkouse, Btabie and all other neces sary farm outbuildings, with a splendid garden, all securely fenced. 23r ''he mortgagees will allow £j,080 of the puroiiass money of this lot to remain at interest at ten per cent, for three years. Lot 2 on plan, consisting of t wj pieces of land, on which are ereoted a Btora and other buildiagc, and con taining half an acre, less a roadway of 40 links wide. Lot. 3 consists of 2 acres 21 porches of unbroken land, suitable for building purposes. Lot 4 consists of a building lot, containing half an acre of land, and having one ohain frontage to the Broadmeadows road. A plan showing the diffurent lota may be wen at the office of the auctioneers. For further particulars apply to tbe auctioneers, or to Messrs. James Hendereon nod Co, ; and for particulars of title (which is perfeotly correot, acd will be gnarnniced), to Messrs. Home, Parton and Hellins, eolloitors, 28 Q^icen streot. TermB at sale. SO 743 SLtbe Stoc&i; #c. SORSR8 at Livery, 21s per week; aho, horses taken in for tho paddock. Victorian Stahlfli, lwan3ton street. 43 761 MORSE and Cattle Fair, and the Sale of Agricultural Produce, -will be hold in the uhip of Wliittlesea, Upper Plenty, on Tuesday, March 6, 186'.), at Nino o'clock, a.m , and on the first Tuesday in tho following Months, March, May, July, September, November each Year. 641 mon sat mar 3 srompanfec. THE TASMANIAN FIRB INSURANCE COMPANY. Established 1835. Heed Office .. Hobart Town Branch Offioo, at Melbourne, No. 82 Collins street west. Director# at Melbourne The Hon. J. O- Francis, M.t.A. William Crosby, jun , Esq. Peter La.-igwill, Esq. Tire Inturancos are effected by this Company at current rates of premium. ? JOHN HBNRY MOORE, Secretary. 54 22 mo wd sa aprl 3 The hob art town and launokston MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY. Established 1836. Head Office, Hobart Town. Branch Offico, at Melbourne. No. 82 Collins street west. Directors at Melbourne : The Hon. J. G Francis, M.li.A. William Crosby, jun., Esq. Peter Langwill, Esq. Marino Surveyor : Joseph Lukey. Tha Policies issued by this Company on risks t Europe are, when required, granted in triplicate and in ense of loss, made payable in London. JOHN HEN KY MOORE, Secretary. Agents at Geelong, Messrs Swanston, Willis, and Stephen. ,, Adelaide, Messrs F. J. Beclt and Co. Launceston, James Peters, Eiq. London, Mossrs Fenwick, LaRoohe, and Co , Abohurch square, Cameron itewt* 64 22 mo wed sat aprl 8 Derwent and tamar marine in SURANCE OFFICE.— Marine risks taken at torrent ratsi JAMES HENTY and CO.. Agents. 33 71 a*g 29 Melbourne fire insurance COMPANY. Head Offices, 26 Collins street west. William Perry, J,P , Chairman. Andrew Sutherland, J.P., Vice-Chairman. Capital, £500,000. Subscribed and guaranteed, £150,000. Insurances on buildings and merchandise insured at the lowest current rate of premium. This Company are also prepared to receive pro posals from farmers, &c.;, for insurance on agricul tural produce, farming stock, and implements, and utensils of husbandry. CHKISTR. HALL, Sect, pro tcm. Molbourne, January, I860 43 25 OYAL INSURANCE CO M. P AN Y (Fire and Life) of LIVERPOOL AND LONDON. Capital, £2,000,000 sterling. Funds in hand to meet claims about £000,000. PIBE. Policios issued at moderato rates ef premium. £7,500 taken on first-class risks. Losses immediately settled la the colony, j LIFB. Large bonus declared, £2 per cent, per annum, on the sum assured, on all policies of two years standing and upwards. Example. — Policy £1000, dated 1845. 180 bonus, declared 1S5C. £1180, sum now inirared, subject to further incrcaso. Division of profits every fivo years. Days of grace allowed with the most liberal interpretation. The undersigned are now authorised to issue Lite Policies, without previous reference to ilngland. BRIGHT BROTHLIIS and CO., agents. 40 24 alt mar 10 TSriCTORIA LIKE AND GENERAL IN SO Y RANGE COMPANY, AND SAVINGS INSTITUTE. Head Office, 82 Collins street east, Molbourne. Capital : £2,000,000, in 40,000 shares of £50 each Unlimited Liability. Directors : Chairman of the Paird — The Hon. Henry Miller M.L.C. The Hon. H. S. Chapman, M L. A, Hugh Glass, Esq., J.P. Tho Hon. George Harkor, M.L.A. Germain Nicholson, Esq., J.P. The Hon. W. J. T. Clarke, M.L.C.' Standing Counsel ; The Hon. T. H. Fellows, M.L.C. Auditors : William Hull, Esq. J.P. | William Lano, Esq., J.P Solicitor : F. A. C. O'Farrell, Esq. Medical Referees : A. C. Brownless, Esq., M.D. ! W. H, GaajpbiiU, Esq Bankers : The Bank of Victorias Actuary : Edward Woods, Esq. LIFE DEPARTMENT. Special Features. 1\. Security.— That of a Joint Stock Company, with a paid-up and accumulating capital, anil a proprietary possessing means in this country to meet the claims ol t assured. 2\. Premiums. — The lowest that can be charged with safety. 3\. Guaranteed Bonu3.— Giving to the assured tht profits of a Mutual Company without tha risk. 4\. Reductions of Premiums.— At each dec»Bnial distribution of profits until the payment of remiims cease. 5\. All Policies Indisputable. RA.TRS voa the ASBURATTCE 07 *100 Without Bonus. Age Ago » ? ? £1 13 4 35 ? ? £2 8 2 25 ? 1 17 6 45 ? 3 5 10 SO ? 2 2 2 50 ? 3 19 1 RiTEB to a the AfiatraAHOB op £100 With Bonus Guaranteed, or an equivalent reduction of premium at the option of the Amred. Hi® ? ? £1 19 0 |^f ? £2 18 25 ? 2 3 10 45 ? 3 17 30 ? 2 9 5 | 50 ? ? 4 12 7 Rates for intermediate ages are charged in propor tion. Short period, old age, joint lives, and other ordinary assurances effected, and annuities granted also, miners and others assured against accidont. Forms and ail npcesanvy information will be fur nished on application at thi3 office. FIRE DEPARTMENT Fire risks taken at the current reduced rates tv th extent of 30,000, on a single approved risk. MARINE DEPARTMENT. Insurance effected on ships aud merchandise, in harbor and at sea. SAVINGS' INSTITUTE. This department ia now open for business as per advertisement. JOSEPH COIiLIE, Secretary. 21st April, 1859. ? 51 42 VICTORIA FIRE AND MARIN# INSURANCE COMPANY. Empowered by Act of Logiolativo Council j Sstabli;hed in the year 1849 Capital, £1,000,000. Directors — The Honorable Henry Miller, M.L.C., Chairman. W. B. Burnley, Deputy Chr.irman, John Dinwcodie, J.P. John Brown. William Hull, J .P. Hon' Wm. Highett, M.L.C. Jf'KEE DBjeAKT;(!l»KT. Policies or Insurance agfinst Fire are granted oa buildings and all descriptions of goode and propertj within the colony of Victoria, immediately on applica tion, and at the lowest rates of premium. No charge madp for survey, or oilior fees, and all Iohes promptly settled. „ tliBIKB Brakob. Insurance on Shins and Merchnudte in harbor and at sea is also effected as per scale annexed Rates of Premiums by Fir3t-cloBS Vessels. Qhdat /JuiTAitf 35a Vaw Dibme.t's Land-» , Gold 30i Launccstoc .. 20s° Ihdta— , steamers 10s 5d 1 Celoutta „ ) Hobart Town 20a Madras .. - 3 6i to 40? ,, BtesmerlOs 6d 15 Bombay ,, ) „ gold.,,. 7«6d, Batavia 40s Circular Head 25s Siuvapore .... 40s Ceylon ? ? 30s 40t New Sovtk Wales— ,. 'J70rlimd 20s Sydney,, ,J0. 20s Maaila ........ 45s to 50s „ stecmerolOs Sa 15i Cape op Good Hoi'B — ,, gold ,, 6s 8d Table Br.y,, .. 40s Newoastle,^ , , 25s Mauritius ,,,,,, 30s to 40s Ambuioa— South Aubtealia-' New York 40s Adelaide . .. 203 t-j 3* New Orlea 45s ,, otearacrslOa 6d 15 San Franciso *0 „ gold,.., 7s 6 Panama ? 40s Swan River., 40s Callao ? 40s Valparaiso .... 40i Viotoma— ?' Nkw Zbalakd— Geelong ,« 2s6d 'l0» Wellington 40s Warrnambool 30« Nelson ...... 40s Belfast and Otago ...... to? to iCt Portland., 30i AuiMacd,. ,, 35a ,, steamers 20s* Port Lyttiotoii S6s to 40f Port Albert,, 20s ,, steamers 15a co Thsao ratej ere freo of Particular Average. Goods subject to Particular Average fclo i.psi ce eztra Tine Policiej. Foreign Trade— Sis Months ,, 5 p- I cent Colonial Trade .» .. .. 6 ,, For the greater convenience of merchants a id othere. a Branch Office for Marine Insurance has been opened under the mnAgement of GEORGE LEE, Hall of Commerce. Claims for him acd Average on Policies to iSngl uid may be made payable at tha agents of tho Ccasjiauy is London, DALGET Y and CO., 13 Greoham siraet^ ;agbht3 iu Victoria, For reeerdnp .Proposals onlj. Geelong, C. M. S--uth Portland, G. G. O'rouch Warmaiabool, Thomas Denny Castlemaine, Henry Ohmtopheri Sandhurst, W. Garnet: Ballaarat, W. C. Smith Belfast, Lennox Trow Hamilton, Ales. Learmonth, Collingwood, JohuBellin St. Hilda, .Henry Wilkinson' Prahran — J. B. Crewe. Carlton, Joseph Plummet'! Williamstown— John Courtis f awthornc — R. F. Kennedy, righton — Gi S. Whitney. Ararat— Kerr, Guan and Smith* Kilmore — T. J. Ryan. *?ipps Land— P. H. M'Ardoll, f cad'Office — 83 Collins street east, Melbourne. IT ifr J09SPH CQLLIB SccvcUry I IJttJHc ©enbfganvea COBB AND CO'S GENERAL STAGE OFFICE, No. 23 Great Bourke street tost. Passengers and parcels booked to Castlemaine Sandhurst, Swan Hill, Ens ton, Ec'nuca, Maryboro_, Ararat, Sandy Crtek, Lamplough, and Inglewood, via Sandhurst and Maryboro', i'leasant Creek, Bal laarat, Creswick's Creek, Hamilton, Portland, Cas terton, Darlington (Elephant Bridge), Warrnambool, and Belfast, and all intermediate townships. _ Full particulars as to fares, times of starting, &c.j; to be had on application te the agents. No responsibility for parcels, beyond the amount of ten pounds sterling (£10), unless value is declared, and paid for at the time of bookiLg. All passengers' luggage at their own risk, and fourteen pounds only allowed each free of charge. F. B. CLA.PP and CO. 1 D VICTORIAN STAGE COMPANY J «°Pmt0I3i 38 24 A. BUTLER, Agent. rjnELEGUAPH LINE OF ROYAL MAIL 8 COACHKS to Kilmore, M'lvor, Moama, Deni quin, Beechworth, &c.; Coaches will leave our Booking-office, 23, _ Bourko i street east, for tho following places daily, Sundays excepted ; — Kilmore, at seven a.m , returning at noon. Kilmore, M'lvor, Echuca, Moama, and Dcnl liquin, and intermediate places, at five p.m., Bsechworth, Chiltern, Albury, and inter mediate places, at noon. Also for M-'lvor, at t cvftn fr.m., on MontJajo, Wedtio® days, and Fridays, returning alternate days. And for Seymour, at seven a.m., on Tuesdays, Thursaayj, and Saturdays, returning alter nate tiajB Every information as to way fares to intermediate places will be obtained at the offices. Parcels booked as ubuoI. Not responsible for any parcel above tho value of £10 sterling, unless declared and paid for at the time of booking. All passengers uggago at their own risk : 14 lbs only allowed each J. BEY AN and CO., Proprietors. 48 49-mar 4 jfiaacbmwg. THRASHING MACHINES, 4 ND THRASH KH and CuEANElt combined r\ with IIORSE WORKS-, impulsorium and circular, on Sale by FISHER, RIUARDS and CO., 114 Colling street west 8 41 J^NOCII CHAMBERS 40 and 42 Little Collins Steeet, East IRON AND BRASS FOUNDER, ENGINEER AND MILLWRIGHT' MACHINERY Of all descriptions for Digging and Railway Purposes. Bar Iron, Steel, Patent Belting, &c.;, Always on Hand. 49 lQmar 19 PLOUGHS, one and two horse, various makers ; Richmond and Chandler's Chaff Machines, Oat and Malt Mills, Bluostone, Harrowo, Swingle-Trees; Potato, Hay, and Manure Forks ; extra Kiddles for winnowers. Levicks and Piper, 113 Flinders lane west. 40 58 alt epril 14 TJORTABLE ENGINE, six-lsona power, for b Male. To ba 3osn at work daily at the Steam SliUs, 72 and 73 Fliadsrs lane west. George Ben craft, proprietor 60 GS0 QLmlsexs. jy^UNICIPALITY OF EMERALD HILL. Tenders will be received until five o'clock p.m. on Monday next, 5th March, for laying down Wood Kerbing in certain streets, according to plan, specifi cation, and conditiuns to bo seen at the Council Chambers, where forms of tender can bo obtained. Tho names of two securities must accompany each tender. Tenders endorsed ' Tenders for Laying Lown Wood Kerbing', to bo addressed to the Chairman of the Council, aad deposited in the tender box. The lowest or any tonder will not necessarily be accepted. 'J enderers aro required to ba in attendance at the Council Chamber, at nev.m o'clock p.m., ou Monday next, 5th March, .when tho tenders vrill be opened, and the successful one will he required to deposit forthwith the sum of 6 per cont. on the amount of his tender. JAMES EVILLE, Town Clerk. Emerald Hill, 27th February, 18 .0. 723 TVTELSON REEF QUARTZ MINING COM i.1 . FAN Y. Tenders are invited for carrying engine, &c.;, weighing 22 ton3 (more or less) to the Nelson Reef Mine, Sandhurst. Tenders receivod until noon on Tuesday next, the 6ih March. Tha lowest or any other tender not necessarily ac cepted. WHITE and DICKSON, agents. 45 724 EO BERTS ON and HALE, architects, invite Tenders until tho 10th inst. for the crcction of it Villa at Elsternwick, for G. Walker, Esq. Plats, &c.;, 9 Elizabeth street. 61 764 'OOBERTSON and HALE, Architects, invita Oi tenders until March 10th for the erection ot a Banking-house at Fort Albert. Plans and specifi cations at their office, or at tho BANK OF VIC TORIA, Alberton. 61 6127 ROBERTSON and HAIjU, Architects, invite i tenders -until March 6cb for the erection of large Sheds, Iron Racks, &c.;, to bo erected in Eliza beth street north, for Messrs M'Ewan and Co. Plans and specifications at thoir officcs. 9 Blizaboth street. 42 761 A LL GOODii KEPT SIX MONTHS DROWNING, Oldest Pawnbroking Firm Melbourne, 167 Elisabeth street. Sixpenco pe weak per pound. Large sums, lower rate. 48 10 mar 19 BEAR'S Exchange Rooms, 66 Queen stre Loans at curront rates negotiated by Vaugban aud Wild. 41 43 apl 27 M° N E Y ? ~ ANCES READY ON DEPOSIT OF DEEDS Upon any description of freehold houses or landed progeity for short or long periods in sums of L10, L20, 1,30, L40, L50, LG'J, L70, L80, LOO, L100, to LfiOO. Applicants can bo accommodated with the money this day in any of tha above amounts. From L600 to L1C00, and from tha'; to L10,C0J on mort gage without dc-lay. To tho borrower it offers un usual advantages: — 1st. Tho amount lent m»y be repaid by monthly, quarterly, half-yearly, or yearly iniitalments. 2nd. Only a email interest is charged. Srd. The strictest privacy may bo depended upon, there being no other business transacted at this office. Be careful to apply at THOMPSON'S Money Ofliocs, 58 i ittia Collins street cast, two doors above police court buildings, noarly opposite Friendin ii&nd; Hotel. 49 49 may 3 MONEY. — Tho undersigned is instructed to lend large sums of money at a low rate of interost ou Freehold Property. A. E. Wheatley, 31 Queen street. 60 41 aprl 26 MONI5Y can bo obtained without delay, from £5, upwards. M.Wigley, solicitor, 40 Collins street east. 63 93 mar 6 M 0 N ? E Y ' ~ ADVANCES READY THIS DAY, On any description of freehold property, for long or . short terms, in any sura from £10 to £100. from £100 to- jgstlti, and from £5 .-j to £'5 JU0, ot W. Tullidge'n mon-'y office, 54 tittle Collins street east, next dcor to tbe City and District Police Courts, Melbourne. 43 67mayl3 ; rr-HE undesigned has MONEY lor 1NVEST 8 MEWT, cn freehold securities, in sums of £590 and upwards. H. SELWYN SMITH, 54 Queen street. 49 65 may 22 iSsnfc 'Notices. jpOLONIAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA Interest on Daily Balances and Current Accounts, 3 per cent, per annum. 46 20a THOS. B. BOYD, General Mo&agtr;, PROVIDENT INSTITUTE OF VICTORIA. S5 Queen street. DEPOSIT 2STATE AND AGENCY BANK, Capital £80,000, with power to increase lo Om Million sterling. Deposits are received daily, and interest of 8 per cent, per annum guaranteed, on all sums of £1 and upwards, commencing from the first day of every month, such interest at the half yearly balance, on the i'Oth June next, will be calculated accordingly on all amounts that may be at the credit of depositors ; for example— six months from the 2nd of January inst., fivo months from the 1st February, and so on for the remaining months of tho half year. Loans made on Freehold Property, to bo paid off at tbe option of borrower at any time, on which the costs and survey fees are moderate. Loans made on merchandise and other securities. Prospectuses and all other informatien given oa application, personally or hy letter. Bank hours— 10 to 3 ; Saturdays 10 to 12 o'clook. JOHN PORTKR, Managing Direator. 4th January, 1830 ? 16 20 opl 1 TJROVIDENT INSTITUTE OF- VICTORIA 'Dividend on Proprietary Capital will be due and payable at this Institute on and after the 10th day of March, proximo, at the rate of 16 per cent, per annum for the half-year ending 31st December, 1859. JOHN PORTER, Managing Director. Melbourne, 25th February, 1800. 1 6137 asar 19 WILLIAM CLARKE and 30NS, Gold and Bullion Offices, and Deposit Bank, 86 and 88 Elizabeth-street. Open from 10 a.m., till half-post 4 p.m., for the re ceipt and payment of money. Deposits received at the undermentioned rates;— Ropuyablo without notice, on demand, 5 per cent! per annum. Repayable three months after time of deposit, 6 per cent, per annum. Repayable six months after time of. deposit, 7 pw cent, per annum. Repayable twelve months after time of deposit, 8 per cent, per annum. Money for deposit may be sent by post or draft, and the dcposit-rcceipt will be forwarded by return mail. Deposit- receipts for re-paymont may bo forwarded by post, and the money will he remitted by return. Notes and bills of exchange, British or .Foreign collected or purchased. Gold and silver, in turn, bullion, or ban, par chased. Drafts granted on London, payable at sight. Gold in any quantity melted and assayed. ? 66 82 apl 18 fcttetatttte T'\HE LEADER is a first-class Weekly Journal Of Politics, Literature, and Social Economy, and a thorough advocate of libsral and progressiva measures. The LEADER is the oldest established, the largest sized, and tha most widely eiroulatcd Weekly Newspaper in Victoria, and is unrivalled as ail ad vertising medium. he Advertising chargcs for the Leader are a* follows flixteen words and under „ One Shilling. Over sixteen and under thirty Two Shillings. One inch ,. .. Four Shillings. Every additional inch .. Three Shilling*. The Subscription to tbe LEADER is 6s 6d per quarter, for town and suburbs, and Is extra for trans mission by post. Subscribers ordering the LEADER at any time during tho currcnoy of a quaV-er will ba charged only for tho time they have received tha payer. Quarters eommcncs on the 1st January, lit April 1st July, and lat October. Publishing Office, 37 Eliaabo h street TT\HE WEEKLY AG*. B Friday, 2nd March, 1860. PARLIAMENT OF VICTORIA. Divorce Bill. Transfer of Land Bill. £fncouragemont to Immigration. The Geodetic Survey. Water Rates, THE LAND DEBATE. POLICE CLOTHING. Captain MaoMabon's Letter to the Chief Secretary. THE LIEN BILL. Meeting at tbe Trades' Hall. The Sandridge Pier Dock and Tramway Company. Juvenile Reformatories. Cattle Stealing. Another Ship Destroyed by Fire. JOCKEY CLUB RACES. MINING. The Nicholson Gold Field. Gibson's Plains Diggings. Belinda Mining Company. Chewton Sluicing Company. Anglo Reef Mining Company. LATEST FROM CHINA. New South Wales. The late Floods in New South Wales. New South Wales Land Bill. 'AGRICULTURE. The Fxpevimental Farm. Port Phillip Farmers' Society. Tho Protectionist Revival. [ 'A TALE OF TWO CITIES,' Concluded. | Shipping, Commercial, &c.;, &c.; The wreck of the royal charter, by Frank Fowler. Uaple, 29, Collins street west, and all Booksellers. 44 47 mar 1st g N Q L I U H AGENCY Messrs Algai and Streathavo been appointed agents for the Aga in England, and ore authorised to receive Subscriptions and Advertisements for tho Bame. Messrs Algar and Street have also been appointed agents for tho Leader . Copies of the Age aud Leader filed for the ua Advertisers. Offioe 11 CUuient a lano, Lombard street Lon on LEA AND PRRRIN3' Celebrated WORCESTER SAUCE, Pronounced by connoiseurs to bo tho ONLY GOOD SAUCB, And applicable to EVERY VAltlJiTY OF DISH. Extract oi a Letter from a Medicil gentleman at Madras, to his brother at Worcester, May, 1851. ' Tell Lea and Forrins';that thoir Sauce is highly t. esteemed in India, and is, in my opinion, the most ^ palatable as well as the most wholesome sauce that ia Z& made.' EXTENSIVE FRAUDS. i, LEA and PKl-tRlNS having discovered that several of tho Foreign Markets have been supplied 1 with spumous imitations of their ?' WORCKSTliRSHIKE SAUCE,' tbo labels of which closely resemble those of tha genuine Sauce, and in one or moro instances with the names of L. and P. forged ; they have deemed it their duty to caution the public, and request pur chasers to eee that the names Liia & PsuniNS ara upon the Wrapper, Label, Stopper, and Bottle. L. nnd P. further give notice that they will proceed against any one who may infringe upon their right, either by manufacturing or vending such imitations, and have instructed their correspondents ia the various parts of the wor'd to advise them of -uoh in fringements. V-.,'' Wholesale ond for Exportation by the proprietors,' -*' LEA and PJSRRIiV'S, Worcester, England ; CJros»j» and Blackwell, and other Oilmen and Merch* Jr London ?*. 