ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION THIS DAY. SIr. "WiLtMit PERRY-At his rooms, Collins-street- ' Butter, sherry, ale, vinegar, brandy, old tom Bur ton air, to. Mr. H F. STUBBS-At the rooms, Queen street- Oilmen's stores, bacon, currants, butter, N. W. cb, esc, Sinclair's bacon, Batgor's jams, etc. Curtis J. TONs and Co.-At their rooms, Bourke state assorted merchandise, brooms, brushes, sash tools, are. ITcEBrp. FRASER and COHEN-At their rooms, Collins street Oilmen's stores. Mauritius sugars, sperm, candles, Congou teas, sulphur, red ochre, cement.' As, Messrs. W. EASEY and Coast the premises, How ard-nroet,IHothsm-Sheds, building materials, &c; Mr. J. WADE -At his rooms. Collins street Drapery, underclothing, Blops,ribbons, A.s. Dr. N. KINSMAN -At 93 Stephen-stroot-Housohold furniture. Wr. W. 8 EvE. At Kirk's Bazaar Store pip. Messrs. GREIG and MURRAY.-At their rooms, Collins street Roman cement, issue barrows, axe and pick handles, claw hammers, screws, earthenware, c At the stores of Foxton and Jones, Flinders street Danish oats. Mr. THOMAS GIBBS -At his rooms, Swanston-street Furniture, &c.; Messrs PURCELL and KEIGHRAN. At their yards, Bourke street Horses, Idr. W. BARTON At the City Hotel, Madeline-street Furniture and effects. a' . - - -- Sales by Auction. THURSDAY, AUGUST 2. Valuable Household Furniture, Pianoforte, and Effects, of a Gentleman removing to Geelong, Jeff, Scott-street. West Melbourne, near the Flagstaff. MR. STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, on Thursday, August 2, at twelve o'clock precisely, All the genuine valuable suite B of household furniture and effects, previously to removal. Nearly opposite the Caledonian Hotel. FRIDAY. AUGUST 8. To Builders, Contractors, and Others. Positive Sale of Dr X R. STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor, JYJL Mr- William Roberts, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the ground, near the Court-house, St, Kilda, on Friday, August 8, All that piece or parcel of land situate at the intersection of Barkly-street with Charles-street, ad j ming the residence and grounds of T J. Bligh, Esq , merchant. It has 60 feet frontage to the former. , Terms, very liberal, at sale Further particulars in future advertisement. THURSDAY, AUGUST 9. 7 To Moneyed Diggers Requiring a Good Property. The Hotel de Paris £200 per Annum. Opposite the Brunswick Hotel, and adjoining the t Post office, Brunswick-street, Collingwood, Fitzroy Ward. Jill B" STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor JW. to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the pre. nurses, at the corner of Brunswick and Webb streets, e n Thursday, August 6, at twelve o'clock precisely, All that sound, substantial, centrally situated town property, known as The Hotel de Paris, let to Monsieur Apport, at the low rent of £200 per annum. 1 tiller particulars of which will appear in a future no ertlEemcnt, with terms, c. Title Warranted PRELIMINARY NOTICE. £2 Cases of Fel ton and Peyton's Iron Bedsteads. Ex Water Nymph. To Ironmongers, Furniture Dealers, Country Storekeepers, and Others, ""BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received JT instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, on an early day, 22 cases of Iron bedsteads; a well assorted in- voice Full particulars in future advertisement. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 46 Cases American Chairs Ex Wild Gazelle, from New York. To the Furniture Trade of Melbourne, Geelong, Country Storekeepers, and Others. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received JT instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, on an early day, The above mentioned assortment of wood and cane seat chairs. Full particulars in future advertisement. THIS DAY. Morice Cox's Ale, Vinegar, etc To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) Will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Oct Pitt-street, on Friday, July 27, at twelve o'clock, 20 casks Morice Cox's ale, each 4 dozen 2 do vinegar 20 cases pale brandy, U.V. ( £6 do port wine . 10 hhds, old tom, Without reserve. Terms Cash. THIS DAY. I To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, and Others. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) JJ will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street, on Friday, July 27, at twelve o'clock, 4 quarter casks and 6 octaves six diamond sherry, in bond. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. THE WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) W will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street, on Friday, July 27, at twelve o'clock, 2 quarter casks Snowy River butter. > Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. So Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, and Others. £50 Cases Swaine, Boord, and Co's Old Tom. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins, street, on Friday, July 27, at twelve o'clock, £50 cases Swaine, Boord, and Co.'s old tom, one dozen each. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. "~ THIS DAY. """ To Storekeepers, Publicans, and Others. 82 Hhds. Bass's No. 3 Burton Ale. Just Landed in Splendid Condition. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street, on Friday, July 27, at twelve o'clock, Without reserve, to close accounts, 32 hhds. Bass's No. 3 Burton ale in splendid condition. Terms at Sale. -" THIS DAY. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins, street, on Friday, July 27, at twelve o'clock, 20 cases ale, 4 dozen each 72 do imperial sherry, 1 do £6 do port wine, do £10 do brandy (pale), do. Terms at sale. t No Reserve \- SATURDAY, JULY 28. To Gardeners and Others. , Sale of Fruit-Trees, Flowering Shrubs, So. - i 117 WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) W will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins, street, on Saturday, July 28, at eleven o'clock sharp, A choice collection of fruit-trees Flowering shrubs ., Evergreens Forest trees, Roses Oranges Lemons e, Moreton Bay chestnuts - - 2. . , Ficus macrophylla _ Custard apple 7 Guava ; Brae apple . minus excelsior Cedar of Lebanon Murray River pine, c From Mr. Perry's nursery, Heidelberg-road. ; Terms-Cash' SATURDAY, JULY 28. T~ To Farmers, Seedsmen, Agriculturists, and Others. Half Ton Red Clover Seed. Half Ton White Do Do. 1 Ton Lucerne. 3 \- "WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) WV CIB SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street west, on Saturday, July 28, at eleven o'clock, Just landed, and in splendid condition, Half ton white clover seed ; Do best do do ' 1 ton Lucerne seed. Terms at Sale.' MONDAY, JULY 80. \- To Persons Seeking Investments, Speculators, and ,' Others. t Valuable Freehold City Property, iKXnedlatcly at the Rear of the Crown Lands Office, l between Queen street and William-street. Allotment 7, Section B, City of Melbourne. To Close a Partnership Account "Sir WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) WW has received instructions from Messrs Hornby 3rd Pigdon to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on sunday, Jail SO, at twelve o'clock, All that valuable piece or parcel of land, situate be i tween Queen-street and William street, and here. diately at the rear of the Crown Lands Once, being Allotment No. 7 of Section B, containing . 84 2 fives porches. ,.,.,", The land is at present substantially fenced. < Together with, A very large quantity of building materials, sufficient for the erection of two or three commodious houses. Title, Crown grant. The auctioneer is particularly desirous of calling the attention of capitalists, speculators, as, to the abor, f »t-eJBBs property, situate as it is In one of the most improilngpart»01 the city of Melbourne, being close to the new foundry, and in the immediate vicinity of ILc Crown Lands Offices and other public buildings, The whole to be offered in one lot Terms, liberal, declared at sale. To be positively sold to close a partnership account. Observe-On the ground, Monday, July 30, at twelve ° Agitator the building materials can be seen at the office of the auctioneer. \- MONDAY, JULY 80. Empty Wooden Mail Boxes. By Order of H. M. Government. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) has received instructions from H. M. Govern n ont to SELL by AUCTION, at the rear of the Post office, on Monday, July 30, at eleven o'clock, About 500 empty wooden mail boxes, T.erms Cash. THURSDAY, AUGUST 2. To Farmers, Speculators, Dealers, and Others. Valuable Farm of 158 acres rich Agricultural Land, Section 18, Parish of Yan Yean. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms. Collins, street, on Thursday, August 2, at twelve o'clock. All that valuable piece of land consisting of 153 acres rich agricultural land, being part of Section 18, Parish of Yan Yean, now well and so curely fenced with post and rail nndlogfonoo: 00 acres have been cleared and cultivated. Barber's Creek runs through the section, and is situated about one mile and a half from the Yan Yean Reservoir, and near the Whittlesea Hotel. Title, one remove from the Crown. There is erected on the above land a capital for a round house, built of tongued and grooved boards. Two large rooms now buildh g of stone, the walls of which only are now up. Also, A store barn, five-stall stable built of Stone, Together With Stockyards, stackyards, piggeries, c Terms, liberal, declared at time of sale. For particulars of title application to Thomas Miller, Esq., solicitor, Swanston-street. THIS DAY. RF. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC ATC a TION, at the rooms, Queen-street, on Friday, July 27, at eleven o'clock, 05 cases oilmen's stores, groceries, so., consisting 80 cases Batger's 218. James, In tins 70 do do do do 60 do N. Wilts cheese 85 boxes currants 6 cases Sinclair's bacon. Butter, prunes, pickled onions, mixed pickles THIS DAY. " | Bacon. Currants. Butter. On Account of Whom it may Concern. RF. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC- , TION, at the rooms, Queen-street, on Fri- lay, July 27, at eleven o'clock, 10 cases bacon 86 cases currants. Also, 20 firkins D.B. Cork butter SATURDAY, JULY 28. Portland Cement. Now Landing. On Account of Whom it May Concern. - RF. STUBBS has received instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the Mol l ounce and Hobson's Bay Railway Platform, on Satur i sy, July 28, at eleven o'clock, W. P. P.C. 200 barrels, more or less, Wouldham'a Portland cement. In lots to suit purchasers. ~_~~~ THIS DAY. To General Dealers, Fancy Warehousemen, Hawkers, and Others. J LYONS and Co. have received instructions , [from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at, their mart, Bourke street, on Friday, July 27, at eleven o'clock precisely, 15 cases assorted merchandise, just landed, ex I UEBCx, and consisting of J. M. within diamond, S. at side, fea82to85-4 cases buffalo, bones, stag, and shell handle pocket knives, cards of scissors, city purses, dressing combs, bag purse, porte monnaie, leather bags 228-lease table and dessert knives and forks 220-1 case table knives, pocket and pen knives, razors, c _ 280-282-8 cases electroplated table, dessert, and tea spoons, sugar tongs, salt spoons, mustard and gravy spoons, soup ladles, &c.; 238, 284-2 cases assorted stained dressing, side, rock, and back combs, small tooth combs, braids 236, 280-2 cases electro-plated tea and coffee pots, sugar basins, cream jugs 4 6, and 7 Solo cruet frames ; toast-racks, &c.; Also, A large quantity of satinwood unbleached back brushes, black-backed hair brushes, Calderwood unbleached back, hair, and cloth, four row tooth brushes, five-room do, brown Windsor soap, to. Terms, Liberal, declared at Sale. ~~ THIS DAY. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION on Friday, July 27, at eleven o'clock sharp, ' 2 bales bags brooms 1 case blacklead brushes 2 do painters' sash tools. _Terms-Cash._ TUESDAY, JULY 81. By Special Order. For Positive and Unreserved Sale. The Remainder of the Valuable Stock of the late Mr Joseph Heald, Lonsdale-street, Opposite the Hospital. To Builders, Archi cots, Contractors, and Others. J LYONS and Co. have received instructions a to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, Lons Lake-street (opposite the Melbourne Hospital), On Tuesday, July 31, at eleven o'clock, The remaining unsold portion of the general stock in-trade of the late Mr. Joseph Heald, consisting of, viz, The materials of one very handsome iron frames balcony (original cost £310), 20 x 6 feet A quantity of Welsh digging and York paving A quantity of assorted bluestone, base course Hobart Town sails, tombstones Window and door Bills, tombstones Workmen's assorted d tools, stonemasons' slings Iron railings, garden ornaments Sculptors' models all of mouldings. After which, The well known brown cob horse, dogcart, and harness. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. ~~ I FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. Collins street, on Friday, July 27, at eleven o'clock, j 13 casks sulphur I can k flour of do dered ochre 2 casks cement 18 pieces bagging. For unreserved sale. To close a consignment. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. , COO BOXOB Sperm Candles, Ogleby's, Halu's, and Others. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. , FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their room-., on Friday, July 27, at eleven o'clock., 600 boxes sperm candles, Oglooy's, Halo'fl, &c.; Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. I 150 Boxes Sperm Candles Ogleby's, is. More or Less Damaged. Account Whom It May Concern. ; FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- T tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday-, July 27, at eleven o'clock, 100 boxes sperm candles, Ogleby's, &e.; \ More or less damaged, and to be sold for account whom it may concern. , Terms Cash THIS DAY. 970 Bags Mauritius Sugars, Bright Counters, Firm Browne, &c.; To Merchants, Grocers, Brothers, Storekeepers, and Others. URABEBand COHEN have received inBtroe _?. tions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, July 27, at eleven o'clock, OA, 470 bags Mauritius sugar 10\. 400 do do- OL -100 do do. Those sugars comprise bright counters and fine browns, and are positively to be sold. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. Mno Congou Tea, in Chests, Half-Chests, and Boxes, To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, July 27, at eleven o'clock, Ex Algernon, from Foo-Chow-Foo, ' No. 2-0 chests congou tea 8-12 do do 4-21 do do 0-8 do do ' 1-50 half-chests do 0-78 do do 7-149 boxes do 8-160 do do. ' This small lot of fine teas is worthy the attention of buyers, having to be sold to OIOBO accounts. Terms at Sale. BRIGHTON PARK. Dwellinghouse, with Four Acres of Land. Also, 12 Allotments of Land FRASER and COHEN have received instructs tiuWl to SELL by PRIVATE CONTRACT, the following valuable freehold properties, situate at New Brighton Park. A first-class dwellinghouse, containing 16 rooms, with stabling and outhouses, together with four acres of garden ground, well stocked with vines and fruit-trees, in great variety and choice description, in full bearing. The property is built of stone, and verandah all round the house, which is built in the centre of the property, and situate in that favourite locality, Brighton Park. Also, 42 allotments of land, fronting the beach, Derby street, and New-road, varying; in depth from 22 to 418 feet, all situate at Brighton Park. For terms and further particulars apply to Fraser and Cohen, 14 Collins-street west '-' MONDAY, JULY 30. GEO. THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, on Monday, July 15, at eleven o'clock, ' Ex Macclesfield, 20,000ft. 892, from 8 to 12 feet 700ft. 4 X 9 do 6 to 22 do 4,014ft. 4 18, do do 20 do 2 (280ft 5x2,5x2}, SO do 3000ft. 6 x 2, do 9 to 26 do 4,000 ft. 6 x 3, do do 8 OCKIft. 7 x 30 x 3, do 10 to 20 do. Also, 6000ft. palings. 2 No reserve. Terms Cash. MONDAY, JULY 30. Great Sale, at Upset Prices, of Town, Suburban, and Country Properties, Situate Flinders-lane. St. Kilda. Windsor. Richmond. South Yarra. Prahran. ' Elsternwick. Brighton. I Schnapper Point. Warrnambool. Bacchus Marsh. v Sandhurst. * ' Portland. Dromana, Northcote. Anda Capitol Farm at Taradale of 114 Acres, In a high state of cultivation, l With a Frontage of a Mile to the Coliban River." To Capitalists, Speculators, Mer chants, Farmers, and Others. MACKILLOP and COOKE are instructed by the trustees, mortgagees, and proprietors to by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, 81 Queen-street, on Monday, July 30, at twelve o'clock soon The undermentioned town and country properties : FLINDERS LANE. Lots. All that piece or parcel of land situate in the town of Melbourne, being part of Allotment 2 of Block 2, commencing at a point 132ft. east from the junction of Little Flinders-street with King street, and bounded on the north by Little Flinders-street, running east 28ft, thence bearing southerly along a right of-way 10ft. wide, 70ft, thence bearing westerly 28ft., thence northerly 70ft., with use of right-of-way leading through to Flinders-street A most desirable site for a merchant's store. Upset price, £30 per foot. Terms-One-third cash residue three and six months' date, bearing bank interest. Title, one remove from the Crown, ST. KILDA. Lot 2. All that piece or parcel of land, containing by admeasurement four acres, situate in the comity of Bourke, parish of Prahran, Portion 174, bounded on the north by a road one chain wide, bearing east 5 chains on the east by Portion 1748, bearing south eight chains, This lot is close to the residence of F. McDonnell, Esq., commands a fine view of the Bay, and within three minutes' work of the Balaclava Station. Upset price, £00 an acre. Terms-One-third cash, residue at three and six months' date, bearing bank interest. Title, one remove from the Crown. Lots. All that piece or parcel of land, containing by ad- measurement four acres, more or less, situate in the county of Bourke, parish of Prahran, Portion 204, bounded on the west by Portion 1888, bearing south eight chains on the south by Portion 205\. boating coat five chains on the east by Portion 204, bearing north eighty chains, and on the north by a road (Inkermann) one chain wide, bearing west five chains. i This lot Is situate on the Inkermann-road, about 15 minutes' walk from Station, a very eligible villa site. Upset price, £35 per acre. Terms-One-half cash, residue at three months' date, bearing bank interest. Title, Crown grant. Lot 4. A valuable corner building allotment, being No. 1 of Block 2, West St Kilda, having a frontage to the Marine parade of 132ft. by another frontage of 165ft. to Cow dore-street one chain and a half wide, containing by admeasurement half an acre. This is a really valuable corner allotment, fronting the Bay. and suitable for a villa site or an hotel, and within five minutes' walk of the Railway Station, Upset price, 15s. per foot, by the short frontage. Terms-Half cash, residue at three months', bearing interest, Title, Crown grant. Lots. A capital building allotment in Nelson-street, Windsor, close to the Junction, St. Kilda, having a frontage of 99ft., by a depth of 50ft. Upset price, 26s. per foot. Terms-Half cash, residue at three and six months', bearing bank interest Title guaranteed. BRIGHTON. Lot. A very desirable farm allotment, being Nos. 41 and 42 of subdivision of Section 03, near Brighton, parish of Moorabbin, containing 13 acres of the best agricultural land in the parish, well grassed, and free from heath, and within four miles of the Brighton Station , Upset price, £7 per acre. < Terms-One-third cash, balance at six and twelve months', bearing bank interest ; or £100 can remain on mortgage for any term, and redeemable at any time, to suit the purchaser. Title, one remove from the Crown. SCHNAPPER POINT. Lot 7. All those piece or parcels of land, being Lots 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8, of Block 11, and Lots 1,2,8,4,5, 0,7, and 8 of Block 3 ; also, Lots 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 of Block 6 ; also, Lot 1, of Block 4, being portion of subdivision of Allotments 6 and 7 of Section A, county of Mornington, parish of Moorooduc These allotments contain from three to seven acres each, and will be put up separately, as per plan of subdivision. This property is about two miles from Schnapper Point and the intended station of the Hobson's Bay Railway, has frontages to Government roads of three chains and one chain wide. The beauty and salubrity of this locality, with its daily increasing population, cannot fall of rendering it the finest watering-place in Victoria, and must inevitably become a safe and excellent investment. Upset price, 20s. per acre. Terms-One-third cash, residue at three and six months', bearing bank interest. Title, one remove from the Crown. Lot 2. All that piece of land, being part of Allotment 6 of Section A, and forming Lot 2 of Block 8 in plan of subdivision of Allotments (5 and 7, containing i acres 2 roods and 27 perches, Upset price, 20s. per acre. Terms cash. Title, one remove from the Crown. WARRNAMBOOL. Lot 8. Eight allotments of land at Warrnambool, near the Jetty. Upset price, £50 per acre. Terms One third cash, residue at three and six months', bearing bank interest. Title, one remove from the Crown. BACOHÜTMARSH. LotO. All that piece or parcel of land, containing by ad- measurement 864 acres, being part of Section 11, parish of Merrimu, adjoining the township of Bacchus Marsh, upon which is erected a weather- board house, containing four rooms with verandah, garden, hut, stable 21 x 14, dairy, pigs styes, and other outhouses, and two wells with a never falling supply of water. The property is almost entirely fenced round, and faces the Government road leading to Gisborne, and on the western side is a one-chain road leading to Bacchus Marsh. A portion of this land is let. Upset price, £5 per acre. Terms-One-third cash, residue at three and sLi souths', bearing bank interest. Title, two removes from the Crown. SANDHURST. Lot 10. A corner allotment, being all that piece or parcel of land containing by admeasurement one rood, being No 14 of Section 12 A, situate in High street, Sandhurst Upset price, £60. Terms-One-half cash, residue three months', boar Jng bank interest. Title, one remove from the Crown. TARADALE. Lot 11. ' All that piece or parcel of land, being Portion 1 of Section 7, in the parish of Elphinstone, county of Talbot, containing 97a. 1r. 8p, be the same more or less, having a frontage to the Coliban River of upwards of a quarter of a mile. This property is situate two miles from Taradale, two miles from Elphinstone, and 10 miles from Castlemaine ; It is securely fenced and subdivided, about 40 acres are cropped with wheat, oats, and barley ; there are three acres of orchard in full bearing, and 10 acres in vegetable and flower garden. The Im- provements ore, a substantially timber-built six roomed house, lined with brick and plastered, with verandah, storehouses, stabling, fowl-house, piggeries, sheds, c; it has a mile of frontages to Government joDdB, and its immense frontage to the Coliban River jKcures a never-failing supply of the purest water at all seasons. The garden is well stocked with vines, early, gooseberries, currants, strawberries, shrubs, roses, &c.;, and has reservoirs holding upwards of 5000 gallons of water, so admirably arranged that the ground can be irrigated with very little labour it any time. The site is unequalled for salubrity and beauty of scenery. It is an ascertained fact, although not advanced as a prominent feature in this solo, that the whole of this land is auriferous, and the deposits in the Coliban, if worked with determination and energy, would return fourfold the price asked for this property. Upset price, £11 per acre, carrying all Improvements and buildings. Growing crops at a valuable >. , Terms-One-third cash, balance a three and six months', bearing bank interest. Title, one remove from the Crown. RICHMOND. ' Lot 12. 8 choice allotments of land in Highett-street, close to Church street, each having a frontage of 60ft., by a depth of 60ft., one being a corner allotment to Bank-street. This property will be sold as a whole or separately, as may be desired. Upset price, 20s a foot. Terms-One-third cash, residue at three and six months', bearing bank interest. Title, one remove from the Crown. SOUTH YARRA. The following valuable lots situate in the Punt road, near Christ Church, and within five minutes' walk of the Gardiner's Creek-road Railway Station. Lot 13. 66ft frontage to the Punt-road, by a depth of 220 ft, on which is erected an eight-roomed cottage, oxton five stabling, outbuildings, Unit, 50, Upset price, £5 per foot, carrying all buildings and improvements. to ft. frontage to the Puutrroad.bi a frontage ofllOft. 1oAlbion-ttrcet»witli a right of way in the recent J°Uj>i,et price, £8 10s. per foot, frontage to the Punt W- LotlS. limit, frontage to Albion street, by a depth of gift. Upset price, 10s per foot. LotlO 64ft frontage to Ruddell street, by a depth of 65ft. Upset price, 12s. 6d per foot, Terms-One-third cash; balance at three and six months', bearing bank interest. Title guaranteed. ELSTERNWICK. By order of the Trustees. LotlT. ' ' - - All that piece of land in the parish of Prahran, south-east of St. Kilda, forming Lots Nos, 4 and 5, part of Portion 265, containing by admeasurement about eight acres, more or less, as per plan at the rooms. This block of land is well worth the attention of speculators, builders, and others, as it is a really de tliable site for villa residences, being within five minutes walk of the EIstoniRick Station, and fifteen minutes' ride from town. The land is entirely fenced, planted with choice fruit-trees, vines, shrubs, c, in full bearing, and has a cottage and outbuildings, with a plentiful supply of water. Upset price, £500. Terms, liberal, declared at sale. TOWN of PORTLAND. Lot 3. All that valuable allotment in the town of Portland, being Lot 15 of Block 2, of the township, having a frontage of 66 feet to Ferry-street by a depth of 380 feet, and containing by admeasurement half an acre. This piece of land is close to the jetty, court-house, and other public buildings, and the Crown grantee, who paid £200 for It about the year 1841, has instructed us to sell it at the Upset price of £50. Further comment is unnecessary. Terms cash. Title, Crown grant. DROMANA. Lot 10. All that piece of land being Section 17 of parish of Wannaono, county of Mornington, Situate about two miles from the Government township of Dromana, having a great frontage to Port Phillip Bay, and containing 120a. 2r. and 25p., as per plan, to be seen at the rooms. Upset price, £450. Terms One third cash, balance at three, six, and twelve months', bearing bank interest. Title, two removes from the Crown. NORTHCOTE. Lot 20. All that piece of land being Allotments 5 and a of subdivision of Section 138 in the parish of Jika Jika, and containing by admeasurement about 7 acres, upon which is erected a Substantial Weatherboard Cottage, with slated roof and verandah all round, of four rooms, kitchen, servants', and store rooms. This property is about 50 miles from town, is subdivided and fenced into garden of about 2 acre?, paddock of about 85 acres, and large yard, and is at present lot to a very respectable tenant on an improving lease, for three years certain, with the option of continuing two years more, at the annual rent of £60. The outbuildings and offices have been converted into a schoolroom by the present tenant. Upset price, £400. ' Terms, liberal, declared at sale. Title Perfect. The auctioneers call attention to this important and bona fide sale, in which they introduce a principle of justness by putting an upset price on the respective properties, similar to the plan adopted at the Government sales, and at which upset prices or any advance thereon the properties will positively be sold, Plans of the properties can be seen, and further particulars obtained, at the rooms, 31 Queen-street, and for Particulars of Titles of Lots 12 3, 7, 8, 10, and 12, refer to John Macgregor, Esq., Chancery-lane. Lots 6,17, and 20, to James Wisewould, Esq , do. Lots 0, 0, and 11, to Messrs. Hancock and Duffett, Queen-street. Lot 18,14, 1530, to Messrs. Cunnington and Cress- well, Swanston-street. Lot 10, to John J. Woolcott, 78 Collins-street west. MONDAY, JULY 30. Auctioneers' Notice, MACKILLOP and COOKE beg to call the attention of capitalists, merchants, speculators, be public generally, to their great SALE (on the Government principle of upset prices), at their rooms, 81 Queen- street, on Monday, July 30, at twelve o'clock, of Town, suburban, and country freehold properties, situate at Melbourne, Richmond, Prahran, Windsor, St. Kilda, Elsternwick, Brighton, Schnapper Point, Dromana, Northcote, Portland, Warrnambool, Taradale, Bacchus Marsh, and Sandhurst All these valuable properties will positively be sold at the upset prices, or any advance thereon. 81 Queen-street PRELIMINARY NOTICE. South Yarra. Desirable Family Residence, Containing 15 rooms, Detached Coach-house, Three stall Stable, &o.;, Bltuato Avoca-street, South Yarra. W EASBY and Co. have received instructions s from Mr. Tom Ray (in consequence of his proceeding to England) to DISPOSE OF byPBI\rAl'E SALE, His capital family residence, containing on ground floor, Spacious entrance hall, drawing and dining rooms, breakfast-room, store-room, pantry, sen arms' room, &c.; One-pair floor. Four good bedrooms, dressing-room, watercloset, &c.; Basement, Splendid cellarage. Out-buildings. three-stall stable, coach and gig house, laundry, man's room, hay -house, fowl-house, force-pump, tank, &c.; The house on ground and one pair floors is but rounded by a handsome balcony, or verandah, and being situated on the highest ground at South Yarra, commands a beautiful and extensive view of timely and surrounding country. The whole of tho humorists are nearly new and in thorough repair, and finished and fitted up in the most perfect manner. Cbe green i is fenced in the most substantial style, with orange gates, etc, The ground is divided into flower garden and small paddock for cows. On south side lau built paddock (under cultivation), which purchasers can have the option of buying. Full particulars and cards to view the house can be obtained from W. Easey and Co., Collins-street. THIS DAY. On the Premises lately occupied by Messrs. Wallis Brothers, North Melbourne. Sheds, Building Materials, &c.; To Contractors and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCT, a on the premises, North Melbourne, lately occupied by Messrs. Wallis Brothers, on Friday, July 27, at eleven o'clock, A quantity of Sheds and building materials. No reserve. Terms-Cash. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 1. Brunswick. Edinburgh Castle Hotel. Dwellinghouse Adjoining. Grocery and Provision Store. Unreserved Sale of the Official Assignee's interest in the Insolvent Estate of J. Price. ALFRED BLISS has been instructed by ]!. E. Jacomb, Esq, Official Assignee in the UM .. tent estate of J Price, to SELL by PUBLIC All - TION, at (the offices, in Collins street west, on AUG saturday, August 1, at one o'clock, The right, title, and interest of the official USÍ1"'III of in and to the undermentioned Valuable Freehold Properties, viz : All that piece or parcel of land, having a front age of 66ft. to the Sydney road, Brunswick, by a chapter of 300ft., more or less, along Albion street, On which is erected, The Edinburgh Castle Hotel, built of stone, and finished throughout in a sort ? manlike manner. The interest in same being four-tenths, and taken. to a mortgage of £1,600, at 10 percent, having tin j care to run. Also, 84 feet frontage to the Sydney-road, by a depth of 300ft., more or less, on which is erected A Stone-built Shop and House adjoining. 33 feet frontage to the Sydney-road, by a depth of MOst., on which is erected the store, now in the occupation of the insolvent, an gin every store, and situated close to the Edinburgh Castle Hotel. The interests same being one-half, and subjects. a mortgage of £600, .... Terms declared at sale. N.B. Kale at the offices of the auctions r, Its Collins-street west, on Wednesday, August 15 at or o'clock. THURSDAY, AUGUST 2. Corhriibe Valuable Lease of a 3:0 acre Farm, Growing Of ops, Consisting of 100 Acres Oats and 40 Acres Wheat Horses, COWS, and Farming Implements, Household 1 furniture, &c.; By Order of R. E. Jacomb, Esq., Official Assignee the Insolvent Estate of of Angus Macintyre ALFRED BLISS has received instructions from B. E. Jacomb, Esq, Official Assignee In the insolvent estate of Angus Macintyre, to SELL b PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, Carlsruhe, on Thursday, August 2, at one o'clock, The lease of that splendid 320 acre form at Carli ruhe, having 21 years to run, lately in the occupation of the import out. 1. Growing crop of about 100 acres oats, sown. within the but six weeks, and will be ready; for reaping in December next, and should yield 8,000 bushels. Growing crop of 40 acres wheat, sown six-week since, and will be ready for reaping In De ' comber next. This crop at a low estimate should yield 1,200 bushels. Stock, farming Implements, &.0, : 4 horses 3 milch cows 9 head young cattle Lot or pigs 6 ploughs 2 sets harness , , 2 carts and 1 bullock- dray 2 pairs working oxen 4 working bullocks Reaping machines, &c.; After which, A quantity of household furniture. M.B. Sale takes place on the Manse, Carlsruhe, on thursday, August 2, at one o'clock. MONDAY, JULY 30. To Parties Furnishing and Others. Tm YEATMAN will SELL by AUCTION, at JH a James-street, near Brunswick-street, at twelve o'clock, twelve downer leaving the colony, All the household furniture and effects, consisting Ol"~_oo table and cover, couch, and BIX chairs (spring stuffed), carpet and rug, fender and irons, bedsteads and bedding, chest of drawers,, toilet tables and glasses, crockery, and various other effects JE. Yeatman, 81 Gertrude-street, Fitzroy. J TUESDAY, JULY 81. j Important and Unreserved Sale of I -n. " Draught Horses. any Property of Jno. Bourne, Esq^ConZndkor. "BOW, KIRK, and Co. are favoured 1166 ?jMt-ÍÍS0110118 From Jno- Bourne, Esq., tafiSSE bow I session;' at their yards Bourke-street, oeiTtaB4Br I July 31, at twelve o'clock, "-"and. 12 magnificent cart horses. The above are all thoroughly stanch, soft Banc t keen a long time working on the railway See: they jAMess great bone and muscle, are In fine Hefferon and exceedingly active. T-I-T, I Further remarks are unnecessary, it bebe soil I Incivn that Mr. Bourne spared no expense to pay { during the best stock that he could find, and repair J disposing of the above in consequence of behaviour completed a large portion of his contract, ,, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 1. "* I Disse lution of Partnership. i Sale of , Colts, Fillies, and Brood Mares. TO OW, KIRK, and Co. are instructed Irjr 1 Jap) Messrs. Grass and Sons, of the Little Errors in consequence of a dissolution of partnership, to FELTS j by AUCTION, at their yards, Bourke-street Latest Wednesday, August 1, at twelve o'clock, j dO head horse stock, consisting of colts, fiSsncasiul brood mares. THURSDAY, AUGUST 2. Dissolution of Partnership. Sale of First-Class Dairy Stock, We. ROW, KIRK, and Co. are instructed by Messrs. Grass and Sons, of the Little Ei«r¿,|¿ consequence of a dissolution of partnership, to SELL, by AUCTION, at their yards, Bourke-street west art. thursday, August 2 at twelve o'clock, £0 head dairy cattle 16 working-bullocks, with bows, yokes, during Also, A first rate pois waggon, capable of carrying Ejar tons. THURSDAY, AUGUST 10. Important Announcement. Magnificent Squatting Property on the River Murray, in New South Wales. . D OW, KIRK, and Co. have received positive li instructions from Mr. James Maldon to SNUG by AUCTION, at Morton's Hotel, Bouike-strestori Thursday, August 16, at one o'clock, The PERICOOTA and TATTAILA STATIttRS. In the Murrumbidgee District, together wlttt&I180;) head of cattle, more or less, now running thereon. These well-known fattening stations are of an extent, adjoin each other, and will be Sold Inane lot They have a frontage of 20 miles to the Murray town. the whole is enclosed with a substantial post-and-rail fence, and subdivided. The cattle are well grown, and nearly all St for It srket the female portion are spayed, wife the ur option of a few selected well-bred cows and BeHera. The Improvements on each station are now, most extensive and complete, having been put up by the proprietor in his best style, regardless of expense. The proprietor will show to intending purefnatuB the principal portion of the stock on every Tuesday prior to the sale. Terms liberal. Letters to inspect, and further particulars, nug- tra had of the auctioneers, at whose office a chart of the runs can be seen. THIS DAY To Drapers, Milliners, Country StOroketp in. To Outfitters, Slopsollors, Dealers, and Summer. Drapery, Underclothing, Ribbons, Slops, 4e. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been in a voured with instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 82 Collins street east, on Friday, July 26, commencing at eleven o'clock, The following well-assorted lot of goods, vis: flounced robes Black lace and whisker Mond Black to largs Striped alpacas Black checks and French twills Fancy wincey dresses Lambswool shirts and pants Men's Shetland half-hose Do felt hats Boy's' tweed trousers lion's cotton cord do Boys' bolts Men's Crimean shirts Do solf Bedford mole trousers ,. Do millers' cotton do do Do fancy Scotch twill shirts Do tweed and doe trousers Do steel grey doo sac coats Do fancy doe vests Boys' and youths' super. Raglan sac coats Men's pilot jackets Do dungaree trousers , Boys' Prince Arthur dresses Do mohair do Men's drab kerBoy drovers' colts Do black sac do. The above goods are well worth the attention of (free trade. Terms at Sale, SATURDAY, JULY 28. Comer of Gardiner's Creek-road and Chambers-street. Solo of Furniture, Carriage, Piano, c By Order of the Administrator of the late Cr. And. Nichols. G WALSTAB has received instructions to in SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, Kai Jeuru Retreat, at the corner of Chambers-street uni Gardiner's Creek-road, on Saturday, July 28, at two o'clock precisely, Tho whole of the furniture and effects, consisting of chairs, tables, lounges, piano, iron bedsteads-, wardrobe, bedroom furniture, crockeryware, and kitchen utensils. Together with A carriage, with German shutters and lures us SATURDAY, JULY 28. Sale by Order of the Mortgagee of A Cottage and Allotment of Land at East St. Kilda. Close to the Balaclava Station. To Small Capitalists and the Working Classes. Good Opportunity for scouring a Snug Little Freehold. G WALSTAB has received instructions from in the mortgagee to SELL by AUCTION, oaths Sicmbcs, situated in Marlborough- street, on the Benham Estate, close to the Balaclava Stationers the Brighton line of railway, on Saturday, July S, S one o'clock in the afternoon, All that piece or parcel of land, having a frontage 88 foot to Marlborough-street, by a deputy of 80ft. 6in., together with the Cottage and buildings thereon erected. The cottage is built of brick, and with BOdies partitions Inside, with a good and substantial tiled roof. There are four rooms and passage. An outlay of about £60 w 111 complete the building, and make it a very neat residence either for occupation or as a profitable investment. The situation is very convenient, being midway between the Balaclava station and the Brighton-road Further particulars to be had at the auctioneers offices, 85 Collins-street west. P THIS DAY. Household Furniture, 03 and 65 Stephen street, Melbourne. N KINSMAN has received instructions fa , SELL by AUCTION, All the household furniture of six bedrooms, living room, parlour, kitchen, and yard, consisting of Borsohair-Beatcd sofas, chairs, and couch ; three gilt mirrors, drawers, carpets, ornaments, pictures, cedar washstands and ware, two chests of drawers, dressing tables, dining and other tables, iron bedsteads, a dozen Iron Stretchers, bedding, toilet glasses, glassware, plated goods, crockery, kitchen utensils, colonial oven, boiler, dresser, and a variety of other furniture. Sale on the promises, near Bourke-street, Friday next, at eleven o'clock, by N. Kinsman, valuer and liouM) agent, 3 Moor-street, Fitzroy. THIS DAY. To Butchers, Breeders, and Others. Store Pigs. W8. FYFE will SELL, after the horse a sale, at Henderson and Co.'s Bazaar, at ralf LOSt one o'clock, A first-rate lot of store pigs. " SATURDAY, JULY 28. Grosvenor-street, St. Kilda. Handsome Furniture, Plated Ware, Pianoforte, Bay Hero, Fowls, Milch Cow, Goat, to. III. KELSON is instructed by the proprietor a to SELL by AUCTION, without the slightest reserve, on the premises as above, on Saturday, July 28, at one o'clock. Handsome tables, chairs, elegant pier-glass, side- board, pianoforte, engravings, platedware, bedroom furniture, kitchen utensils, &c.; Also, Splendid bay horse, quiet in double or single harness, good in saddle, and used to carry a lady a milch goat, lot of fowls, milch cow, etc FRIDAY, AUGUST 17. At Morton's Hotel. At Two o'clock. POWER, RUTHERFORD, and Co. have received instructions to OFFER for SALE, an friday, August 17, The PEECHeLBA STATION, at the Junction of the Murray and the Ovens; near Wangaratta, capable of depasturing 25,000 sheep. Further particulars will be given in future address. tlBcmont ; meantime, application can be made to the auctioneers, Power, Rutherford, and Co., 122 Queen Street FOR SALE BY TENDER, UNTIL THE 27TH" JULY. Lease, Goodwill, Stock-in-Trade, Furniture, &c;, Of the Royal Hotel and Theatre, Market-square, Castlemaine. MESSRS. RICHARDS and CAREY are in receipt of instructions from Mr. J. C. Rainer, who is relinquishing the hotel business, to OFFER for SALE by TENDER, . The unexpired lease and goodwill of the Royal! Hotel and Theatre ; also, by tender or at your hour, the whole of his valuable furniture, stock in-trade, &c;, in the above hotel and theatre. The hotel is a substantial two-story brick and stone building, finished in the most superb style, having 18 seems, comprising bar, bar parlour, office, two pri- vale parlours, concert room, ballroom 30 x 25 feet, diningroom, sittingrooms, bedrooms, spacious under f round cellar, large detached stone kitchen, stables, 5 he hotel has been, and now is, doing Ihobcbtlur Trade in Castlemaine, in consequence of having at locked to It _ _ The Theatre Royal, a rrognlficentond substantial stone building. 132ft. by It., elegantly fitted with private and public bores. Tit and gallery, and commodious stage, with shifting receives, a quantity of scenery, and every other requisite for the efficient management of a flrst-class the Mr, the profits arising from which are so well liiovnostorcquireno'comrncnt. Tenders for the above are to be sent on or before the 27th July, to the auctioneers and if none of the tender be accepted, the whole will be offered for posi- five sale by public auction, at the Royal Hotel, Har- it Equate, on Friday, August 3. 1866, at one o'clock. RICHARDS and CAREY, Auctioneers. Market-square, Castlemaine. J"- -,, THIS DAY; - Important Sale of i 45 Crates Earthenware. From the Celebrated Houses or Finder, Bourne, an Hope, and G. Jones, Stoke-on-Trent. I To Earthenware Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others. ' GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, July 27, at twelve o'clock, 45 crates earthenware, from the celebrated houses I of Pindur, Bourne, and Hope, and G. Jones, Stoke-on- ' Trent, consisting of Breakfast services, turquoise and enamelled I Plates Parts blue, Chantilly, and French unique etruscan . Twlffiera, do do Muflios, dodo Diahos, flowing unique etruscan, &o.; Bukors, do and willow | Jugs-Ohio, Canton, ivy, basket I China tea services Toilot-Berplccs. Toeloso accounts, Terms at sale. The above goods are all of the newest and most < elegant designs, and are all in first-rate order. "* THIS DAY. On Account of Whom it May Concern. 8 Cases Axe Handles. I 4 Do Pick Do. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, July 27, at twelve o'clock, 6 cases axe handles 4 do pick do. More or less damaged. On account of whom it may concern. Terms Cash. THIS DAY. On Account of Whom it May Concern. 878 Camp Ovens. 8 Countor Machines, with Scoops, 12 Bourn Seal's, Jews, to Rent. Also, Bellows, Counter Scales, &c.; To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, July 27, twelve o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, 375 camp ovens 7 cwt. counter machines, with scoops 1 Jowt. counter machine, with scoop 4 cwt. beams and scales 2 fewt. do do 4 cows, do do 2 cwt. do do. Also, A quantity of bellows, counter scales, tin dishes, G Without reserve. Torres Cash. THIS DAY. 13 Giaka Roman Cement. 0 Navvy Barrows. v To Builders, Contractors, and Others. was GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC JT 5 TION, at their rooms, on Friday, July 27, twelve o'clock, In on i c sol vent estate, 13 casks Roman cement 9 name barrows. Terms cash. No Reserve.. "~~ THIS DAY. Claw Hammers, Lock and Pointed Screws. On Account of Whom it May Concern. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, July 27, at twelve o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, MM over S, Sea 523-1 hhd., containing Solid-head Canterbury claw hammers Japanned round-head lock screws Glmblot- polntcd do. Without reserve. Torms-Ooah THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock, At the Stores of Messrs. Foxton, Jones, and Co., Flinders street. 802 BagS Danish Oats. For Positive Sale. To Close Accounts. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the stores of Messrs. Foxton, Jones, and Co., Flinders- street, on Friday, July 27, at eleven o'clock, 302 bags Danish oats. A splendid sample, in prime order. Without reserve. To CIOBO accounts. Terms Cash. SATURDAY, JULY 28. At Eleven o'clock. To Opticians, Principals of Schools and Exhibitions, and Private Parties. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Saturday, July 28, at eleven o'clock, Magic lanterns, all sizes Pairs or dissolving view lanterns, various, And A large and well-selected variety of sheep, comprising Comic Natural history Geological Astronomical Cliromotropes View 8. The whole will be on view on the morning of sale, and will be sold in lots to suit purchasers. A descriptive catalogue, with full instructions for the use of lanterns, can be had on application at the rooms of the auctioneers, No Reserve. Terms cash. Observe - Saturday's sales commence at eleven o'clock. TUESDAY, JULY 31. Preliminary Announcement. Important Sale of Groceries, Provisions, Oats, Can dies, Rice, Oilmen's Stores, &c.; To Grocers, Storekeepers, Provision Merchants, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instruc- tions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, July 31, at twelve o'clock, Price's Belmont candles Patnailco Groceries Provisions Oilmen's stores Oats, Co. Full particulars prior to sale. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock. Under Warrant of Distraint for Rent. Thompson v. Dawson. THOS. GIBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, 46 Swanston-street, on Fri dnj,July27, Chairs, tables, sofa bedstead, carpets, iron boat steads, mattresses, bedding, stools, dcsUi, crockery, ie. Unless this execution is previously settled. Terms each. No Reserve. MONDAY, JULY 30. Balloon. JAMES HENDERSON and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at Kirk's Bazaar, Bourke-street, on Monday, July 30, at twelve of o'clock, The well-known racehorse Bulleen, bred by H. N. Simson, Esq., by Figaro, dam Wilhelmina (Flying Buck's dam) He would make a splendid charger, and is a mutual (kent horse to drive either in single or double Harness. For Positive Sale. THIS DAY. First Draft of 60 Horses. PURCELL and KEIGHRAN have received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the yards, Bear's Horse Market, on Friday, July 27, at twelve o'clock, The first draft of 90 unbroken colts and fillies. in good condition, adopted for saddle, light harness direct from the breeder's hands, Mr. Mackenzie, of Conargo, _' MONDAY, JULY 30. Hacks and Stock Horses. MM'OAAV and ANOTHER have recent ii \- instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Royal Horse Bazaar, on Monday, July 30, utterly o'clock, 10 very useful hacks and stock horses, the pro. perty a cattle dealer leaving this part of the colony. TUESDAY, AUGUST 21. Pure Bred Stock. TZ KAYE and BUTCHART have been instructed by by the executors of the late John Aitken, Esq, iubUBMlT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at Mount Aitken, near Aitken's Gap, on the Coatlcmalno-roiii, and about four miles from Sunbury Railway Station, on Tuesday, August 21, at eleven o'clock sharp, The following pure bred stock, viz : 2,480 ewes, pure SOO rams, do 60 horses, of a very superior description , 30 Hereford cows 20 mixed cattle, Hereford. Together with Some household furniture. In calling attention to this sole, the agents no! Murcelj remind anyone who has paid the least atti- . lion to the backing of fine-woolled sheep, that (w mayors Mr. Aitken's wool has realized tholen Wehest prices in the London market and as great as tuition has been paid to the selection both of sir I and dams, the stock now offered is not to be maintained by an thing in Australia for sire of from iltyofb'ood, weight of fleece, and quality of wind THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock. at the City Hotel, Madeline-street, North Melbourne. W BARTON, of. 80 Chancery-lane, having , been favoured with instructions, will bLi The furniture and effects of the above hotel Terms Cash. _ PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 62 Barrels Finest Stockholm Tar. Ex Magdalena. ToBhip Owners, Chandlers, Salloaicrs, and Other. YOUNG and TIMBURY have received in Y BlVuctionsto SELL by AUCTION, at the A... ,,*!»£ Wharf, on on early day, due notice of the. SM 62farrel"* finest Stockbolmtar. In lots to suit purchasers. Terms at Sale. SATURDAY, JULY 28. "". At One o'clock Prompt. 25 Immigrants' Boxes, and Contents. EDMUND JACOB has received natT Dr from Mr. Andrew Ryan to SELLbvTuÄ8 saw rear of-he Britannia Inn, Gray of a street and Bourke-street west, on Saturday at one o'clock, * "Sunday. July 2BL ... At the risk of the several owners About 25 boxes, and contents, ' Which will be opened at time of sale Kfmnnd Jacob, auctioneer, 88 Swanston-street cor little Collins-street, owansion-atroet, cor MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. 2, Town of Eden. The great Entrepot of the Kiandra Gold-fields Monster Land Sale, MR. F. BLOW has been favoured will. v structlons to OFFER for SALE, on May 6" Bopteaibor 8, at eleven o'clock, ' Monday BO valuable allotments, situate in the very best part of the town or Edon, having fronSL. . Cocoa, Regent, Calle Calle and CASE'S The situation is unrivalled for S's and the allotments in the immediate SKA have sold at the highest rates. D°'gM)our]iooa Sale to take place on the ground. Produce, Provisions, Bol ADELAIDE FLOUR, Butterworth's, ForgnlmA and other brands, on SALE. W. 0*S. J Co, 368 Bourke street west. "? stoned ADELAIDE FLOUR and BRAN, Magarey Hart's, Dunn's, and other first-class huKvL' SALE. W. Lawrance, 43 Will iam- street. h as ADELAIDE FLOUR. Landing this Jaycees and on SALE, Magarey',., Dunn's, and St Adelaide FLOUR. W. Lawrance, 43 William-St' BUTTER Porno Launceston BUTTE eaSÛe Harcourt and Learmonth, 04 Flinders-lane nut BUTTER, a superior sample, landing this day Whittingham Brothers, 55 Flinders street. a B WtSt, BUTTER, prime Tasmanian and boat Irish, 22 landing. Wm. Bayles and Co., CoRK nlUFF. Chair. Chaff. - Eastwood Broken, at Flemington, having made large purchase of good Oaten hay, are able to supply storekeepers, stablekeeper, captains, and shippers of stock with the best CHAFF, cut and sieved with their colonial eat S? machinery, at the lowest possible price. All orders addressed Eastwood Brothers, private Box, Post-office will be punctually attended to. CALIFORNIAN FLOUR, half and quarter Luke now landing ex BlndOBtan. Connolly Leotcti M f Collins-street west. ' CIRCULAR HEAD POTATOES, 0s. cut. Hotel) and restaurants supplied. 08 Elizabeth-street. CHICORY, Eagle brand, in casks and cases, far J BALE. W. and R. Creeth, Flinders lane that. D REID APPLES on SALE, by McPherson, Frauds and Co., 20 King-street. , iT"AMILlESSUPPLlED with very bostOROO-RIEÍ, ! 20 per cent reduction. 08 Elizabeth-street. 3î OUR, Moyne and Merri Mills"; also all Tasmanki .' brandy W. Bayles and Co., Collins-street west, HOPS, prime Sussex, 1869, on SALE, by McPherson, Francis, and Co., 20 King-street. MAIZE, Maize, ox Sydney steamers, lowest prices, delivered from Railway Station. Holmes and Henson, 208 Elizabeth-street. MAIZE-Prime New South Wales MATCH on SALE, now landing. W. Lawrance, William. street. MAIZE, Gram, Bran, Barley, Oats, Wheat, on SALE, lowest rates, Smither and Clark, 17 Qui on street. AIZE.-00-day MAIZE, pick of Sydney market, lowest rates. Thomas Wright, 143 Swanston street. MILK DELIVERED twice daily at South Yum and Prahran, at 8d. per quart Paddiogloa Dairy, Mount Erica Hotel, Prahran. Orders per post attended to. 5 MILK WANTED, a CUSTOMER for quartz, I delivered in town daily. Messrs. ButteriMd, Post Office, Now I ILK for SALE, 80 Jto 60 quarts daily. Apply to the Toleman, Brunswick. M IN] NEW ZEALAND OAKS, a prime sample, of Al SALE. J. H. Clough and Co., Collins-street west. K NEW ZEALAND POTATOES on SALE, by J, H. Clough and Co., Collins-street west, ON SALE, FLOUR (Tasmanian), colonial Oats, Hobart Town Potatoes, Rye Grass Seed. Fr' Awburn and M'Kccbnoy. ATMEAL.-Boncraft'a colonial OATMEAL, man. factured from Victorian oats, in corn sacks 1 carters, and 2lb tins, on SALE. W. Lawrance, 43 William-street OATS, Flour, Butter, Potatoes, Maize, direct blow meats ; Sacks, Gunning. J. P. Dalrymple, in Flinders-street west. ATS, first-class samples of colonial, on SALE. J, Hemphill and Co , 01 Queen street OATS, Tasmanian, soil and feed, prime sample Wm. Bayles and Co., 07 Colllna-atrectwest, POLLARD, Colonial, Californian, Danish, Dutch, and Irish Oats, on SALE. Thomas H'rljfcf, 13 Swanston-street. _ POTATOES, Circular Head and Waintuntool prime samples. Wm. Bayles and Co, 07 Coffin" ft reef west. POTATOES, choice samples of Brown's River in XT Warrnambool, on SALE. John Wilson, Will- or rs street west. If IG FOOD on SALE. Sutherland and Co, Oriental Steam Mills, 5 Flinders-street east. POTATOES, good seed, 6s. cwt. Boat Titles tatoes, 8s. cut. E. De Carlo, 08 Elizabethian K RICE on SALE, Caroline, Patna, and John. Sutherland and Co., 6 Flinders-street east, K RICE, Patna, on SALE, by Cleve Brothers atilCt, 30 Queen-street south. R YE GRASS SEED, just landed, on SALE, brJ. H. Clough and Co., Collins-street west. LAND PEAS, every new and favourite either a 150 choice sample of Broad Beans. BejiaM'i 40 Swanston-street. biRDS.- Early Aebloaf, Silvorskln, Regent and Brown's River POTATOES for planting and, 1 Reynolds's, 40 Swanston-street. as L EEDS, new Italian and Perennial grass- is white 0 and red clover, lucerne, low prices. Haynolon, 40 Sw diston- street. S LOAR, 8d. ; finest Cheese and Bacon, la. ; Hw, 10s. 6d. bag; Raisins, 4d. ; Currant«,6|i W 1 Elizabeth-streets. to A Medium to And CONGOUS, industry X half-chests, Cleve Brothers and Co., SOlf "" it not south for v MILK DRALEltS, Restaurant Keepers'! X large consumers of Milk The underlies is now prepared to contract for the SUPPLY of Mr I ILK for the ensuing spring and summer. Eobjrt 1 howers, 237 Fitzroy-street, Fitzroy. WINES, VINES.-On and after the 21st May ml V he had ROOTED GRAPE VINES Of the boat sorts for the table, for rallied, fa for wine (Soyres, Vordot, Verdeilho, and Keira? In any quantity), in such number and variety saw her never bolero procurable in the colony. They are from the vineyards of the most eminent vinegrowers in Australia, and were *. looted with special reference to this climate. Are scription list, containing full particulars amount, to , can be obtained by forwarding a stamped and. 1" pp, superscribed with the sender's name anatutUBi, to Brandy, Post-office, Strathloddon V_INFJ8."-^ÔC)^0VINEB, of the finest wins whole. of the best table sorts. For descriptive Bill; close stamped envelope to P. Landy, Post-office, 81 li tailors HEAT SEED WHEAT on SALE. V. U« rance 43 William-street w Drapery 17 X' LATE ARmVAL8.-60 Cases of KWj li GOODS:- | Inverness wrapper, 25s. Poncho, in all materials The Raglan-road The Talma coat Her elephant cloth coat The reversible cloth coat The double Dovonehiro coat Milled pilot-jacket Blue pilot-jacket The Kertch jacket Black superior doeskin trousers Fancy doeskin trousers Superfine mixed tweed do the double striped do . ... 2 Boys' clothing Sr superb quality, in cow, is" AllarAm¿Krp'Íata figures are "day's. purchased this"' pleasing, will be exchanged, or the money term Pltaao wcUobBorvo our address-- -I kwWi, MONSTER CLOTHING COMPANY, 21B«»»« As many unprincipled trao_iWnli»TemUlrfp^ please well observe the lamp °f»rj;"n?" ' the Monster Clothing Company wriff»°í¿ow,Bl«r Notice to our Friendss guide This was flints in the course of or publication and will MP'BW gratis on application at the __AWV)8 21 runs MONSTER CLOTHING COMPANY Bi 2' A. Street east._.^-rVraTiMl HENRY MARSH'S &J;*t£fSr*M friends the VI ROCK of READY A " . T n,T a.--? - But, Cups. etc bslonKto8to,fti.uoáucuUntund' Hay,Gla_tor,a»d Co. are »"'¿""^Ä,. at English cost price, from Messrs Men, is an I Co., and will offer tbo^»'ÄXrfi^ I lbtabeth-atroet, on and after Monday Aero at 43 Elizabeth-street, July 18'_^^--r^, -ITS, Oontlcmen'sbiai^Oennc«»^ manufacture, for SALE, by the " 67 Eizabeth-street assay _ ATERSON, PALMER, and Co- beg w y, h what they have BOUGHT, by Under, w s STOCK of DRAPERY GOODS' belonging 7, at STOCK. oroitai-Btti """" rio stock Be"' Aim of Ray, Glaister, and Co. PV_b«edlii* marked. and offered to the trial Assyrian from the usual prices, on Monday, sum "of 86 Flinders-lane west. -- ' 25Ru»se)l-strcot, July 16, I860._-JJJ SHIRTS, unproved ships safely! O from 24s (to Cossipore half-dozen. * fit guaranteed O. and J. Espie, clothiers w £h»ms.41and48Bonrkc-Pl"'"t«"t- ' I C NOTICE toOARRlERS.-GoodSTABI.IS0¿ii: embedding 6d per night- Livery aT ' Treasury Hotel', Queen-street. 