EXPOÄTS. Quantities. Alkali-Soda, toni Apparel and slopi Arms and aminu nitlon Arrowroot Birk, tons Bags mid sacks ., Boor Bottled, gals.., Draught, do. . Biscuit Black sand, tons.. Blankets and wool- lens Bones, tonB Books Boots and »hoes .. Bran, bushels .. Bricks Brusliwaro Building materials Butter, tons Candles, do. Canvas Carriages, carts, &c.; Carpeting Casks, empty Ccrnont, tons Cheese, do. Chicory, lb. Coals | Cocoa and choco- late Coffco, lb... Coirfibro.. Confectionery . Copper, tons Coppor oro, do. . Copporwaro Cordago, tons . Corlis Cottons ,. Drapory .. Drugs Enrthemvaro Fancy goods Fish Preserved Salted, tons . Flour, do. - . Frult Drlod, tons Green, bush. . Furnituro Glassware. Glass Plato .. Window Gold, ounces Grain Barley, bush. . Boans, do. Jlulzo, do. Malt, do. Oats, do. Bico, tons Wheat, bush. , Guano, tons Gum, do. .. Haberdashery Hardwaro and ironmongery .. IlaU and caps ., Hay, lons Hides, No. Ilollownro Hops, lb. ,. Horns and hoofs. Hosiery Instruments Musical.. Scientific Iron andatccl, ton Jow'ollcry t¡ plato. Lead, tons Leather, cwt. Leathcrwsro Limo Linon Livo stock Horned -cattlo, No. Horses, do. Sheep, do. Machinery Marblo .. Matches and vcsto> Moal-Oat, tons. Metal-Yollowjde Millinery Miscellaneous Molasses .. Nails, tons Nuts Oars Oilcloth .. Oils, gals. Oilmen's stores .. Opium, lb. Paints and var- nish Paintings and on gmvlngs Perfumery Pipes-Tobacco .. Pitch and tar Plants and seeds.. Plato and pUtcd waro .. ,Potatoo>, tons ,. Preserves Printing material! Provlslous Preserved Salted, tons .. Quartz ' .. ltogs, tons Hail» ay materials Itcsin Saddlery .. Salt, toni Ship-chandlery .. Silks Skins Soap, tons Specio-Gold Spcclmons Natu- ral Ulktory Spices Sph Its Brandy, gnls. .. Cordials, do. .. Gin, do. Of wino, do. .. Vorfumod Hum, gal!«. Wlilfel-.oy, do. .. Undcacribed, do. Starch and bluo .. Stationery Sugar, Tallow, tons Toa, Iii. Tonta and tar paulina Timber Tin oro Tobacco, lb. Olgín, do. -SituiT. do. Toys and turnery Tools and utcni-il. Tut'i entine, gaK. Twine and thread Vinegar .. Watched & clocks. Wino, gula. Wondeiiwaro Wool, lb. Zinc, tons 1859. I860. 605 232 2,044 8,071 ISO 680 440 10 4 120 2,086 2,761 260 253 170 1S8 10 - o;o 1,570 1,04a 710 101' 256 1,425 1,410 6,040 ' 2,002 50 50 - 7 106 85 830 04 60 825 l8 214 1,301 0 336 470 SOO 14 170 87 660 1,060 028 1,300 4,850 4,400 160 8,602 6,025 0,000 540; 15,274 .43,004 2,615 211 835 301 10 074 £67 156 838 60 245 __ 61 080,437 788,718 210 10 10 30 - 05 100 874 371 802 10 8 514 200 20 305 250 1,403 2,328 01 109 100 140 4,410 18,102 6« 145 220 110 1,600 210 86 70 100 233 1,020 170 111 802 12 800 64S 1,072 20 80 5 ~ 285 __ 890 - 3,340 1,258 802 860 170 50 - 834 80 . 112 -. 480 120 1,120 80C 831 16 ' 10 824 0Í2 41f 22 102 12 - 125 83 2,032 2,204 607 - 420 130 16 50 86 124 8« 7 150 10 00 41 63 81,040 41,030 60 300 170,182 4,212 11,424 1,268 184,000' ' 46 1,0201 2i,iao 4,400 1,3(10 1.1S0 320 2,746 63,450 .1,111 1,874 U,3ÛS '10(1 070 m 22,888 2,1 14S «,023 747 1 4C0 103 100 178 2,144 110 300 2,806 1,253 45,370 CO 0,030 SO 2,273 804 1,135 236 SOS 8,856 405 4,034 1,080 5,343 832 80 30 220 2,030 6G4 41,003 120 ,1,31S 4,118 47,707 as,2 «,037 1,111 813 153,001 120.710 1,881 225,8891 400,350 0 7 SHIPPING OP THE MONTH. , . ' PORT OF MELBOURNE. AtiaiTALS ANO CLBAnASCBS SUÎCB OUR LAST SaMlARV. IB., British; A., Amarlciiu; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Oh., Chilian ; P., Portugucso ; II., Hamburg ; N., Norwegian ; 8., Swedl-h ; Bolg., Belgian ; fir., Bremen ; Pr., PniB alan ;«., Bhip ; h., harquoj br., brig; se., schooner; St., steamer.] May , AitnlVKD. 17\. Olympia, II. b., 002, A. Tobias, Manill3.-Hacgo and Prell, t 17\. Boimrei, B. st, 1,030, Q.CBurno, Sydney.-J. Sparkoi. IS. Bluo Juvkol, B. s., 1,000, H. Clxrko, Wellington, Lorimor, Machio, ai d Co.' 10\. Eaglo, A. s., 1,102, n. i!. Williams, Hong Kong. Captain. . 10\. Norfolk, B. B,, 052, J. S. Attwood, London.-W. P. White and Co. 21\. Compone, A. s., 803, J. D. Whito, Jtfow York. Wilkinson Brothers mid Co. 20\. HusFar, A. s., 721, W. II. Howland, .Now York. Lord and Co. 20\. Pom, N. n" Sichel and Co. 20\. California, B. o., 020, F. Trowton, Otago, N.Z. , Clough and Co. 30\. Jemmy, F. b , 253, M, Perrin, Mauritius.-It. and 1'. Turnbull ard Co. SO. Atalanta, B. o., 030, R, Spratloy, London.-Do Pass Brothers and Co. Juno 8\. Swiftsuro, B. s., 1,325, W. P. Pryco, London.-W. P. Whlto and Co. 8\. Ohlnsiirah, B s., 600, Goo. Gibson, Kumcheo. Graham, Sands, awK'o. , 0\. Dfllnrt, II. h., 311, K. Muggcnborg, London.-Do 1'osa Brothers and Co. 0\. Cart, Du. br., 173, A. P. Hanson, Coponbogún. Melchior and Co. 0\. S. Curling, A. s , 1,407,W. O. Gilchrist, Liverpool. Lorimer, Mackio.nnd Co. 0\. t'ortyne, B. u., 010, A. Robertson, Liverpool. Ewiro Brothers ami Co. 13\. Ottav«, B. st,, 1,200, J. G. Grobblo, Suez.-John Spaikcs. May ruiAlVED OUT. 10\. BritishTrldont. B. p, 1 400, F. Boyce, Liverpool. -Bright Brothers and Co. 17\. Benares, B. Bt., 1,000, O. O. Burne, Ceylon.-J. Sparho«. 13\. Lord Clyde. P. s., 1,843, T. Casper, Guam. Huimos, Whito, and Co. IS. Havendilo, B. B., 002, O. Phillips, Vancouver's Island.-Gibbs, ItoitalJ, and Co. 18\. William Eturgo, A. s, 010, B. L. Cooko, Guam. Fisher, Ricaids, and Co 10\. Leaping Water, A. P., 1,132, DT. D. Gardiner, Lon- don_Gibbs, Ronald, and Co. 19\. Sarah ii., D.s., 1,111, A. Shaw, Callao.-R.Towns aud Oo. £8. Thomas Ann Colo, B. s., 688, W. J, Lowo, Cal- cutta.-Ralcighs, Daugliah, and Co. 23\. Yorkahiro, B. s, 1,057, E. A. Reynell, London. W. P. Whlto and Co. 25\. MontrOBO, S, b., 447, 3. O. Niornanii, Callao. Blehol and Co. 20\. Olpw Bride, B. s., 1,457, P. Murphy, Callao. Bright Brothers and Co. 28\. Berkshiro, A. s., 007, J. J. Williams, Calcutta. Wilkinson Brothers and Co. 20\. Jaooba and Christina, D.h.,472, R.F.J.Joski, Nowcaatlc, N.S.W.-Joäko Brothers. 80\. II. E. Shearing, A. b. 224, J. Bogors, Newcastlo, N8,W.-O. N. Campbell and Co. 30 Jcddo, D. 8., 787, W. Van den Hoovon, Newcastle, N.B.W.-Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 30\. Lincluden, B, b., SOI, T, Miller, Qi»m..-iiarrison find Co, 80\. Mandarin, B. b, 334, G. Sinclair, Kowcastlo, N.S.W.-Captain. , 80\. Wilhelm, H. b., 440,in. T. Beneko, Guam.-E. Westby and Co. Juno. I 1. Oxus, B. a, 630, J. Wallace, Guam.-Westgarth, Ross, and Spowers. 6\. "Cmpiro of Peace, B. s., 1,510, T. Calvert, Callao. -Swire Brothors. 0 Bucephalus, B. a, 1,137, W. Biko. Valparaiso. Towna and Co. 7\. Dorothea, II. b, 880, M. F. Gantschow, Guim. Clovo Brotbors and Co. 0\. Annin, P. B., 852, G. H. Wllsln, Otago.-Melchior and Co. 0\. California, B. »., 020, F. H. Trouton," Otago.-J. H. Clough and Co. I 11\. Beatrice, A. s., 877, Q. L. Rogers, Hong Kong. Kong Meng and Co. 13\. Emigrant, B. s., 803, A. il'Leau, Callao.-Do Pass Brothers and Co. l8. B. B. Mildmay, A. s., 780, G. A. Wobb, Guam. Sichel and Co. 11\. A. B. Thompson, A. 8,, 1,045, J. II. Small, Guam. -Katzenstein and Co. 14\. Grecian Quoon, B. br., 173, J. U. Russell, Man , ritlus.-Miller Brothers and Co. 14\. John "Duncan, B. B., 070, J. Mahoney, Callao.-Be Pass Brothors and Co. 14 Princess Rojal, A. s., 1,210, R. F. 0. Hartley, Callao.-Newell and Co VESSELS IN HOBSOVS BAY. Atalanta, B. s., 030, R. Spratley, London.-Do Pass Brothers and Co. Admiral Prinz Adnlboit, Pr. a., 801, C. Sontag, Lon- don.-Raleigh«, Daugllsh, and Co. Alma, A. s., 820, C. 13. Gravos, Now Yoik.-Flower, M'Donald, and Co Atlioi.alf, B. d, 1,11«, G. R, Kirby, Liverpool Bright Brothors and Co. Admiral Lyons, B. B., 1,188, F. Acock, London. Do Pass Brothors and Co. Aurelia, A. b., 476, L. U. Balido, Boston.-Howell and Co. Amito Bowen, A. s, 700, R. O. Ohcsborougb, Balti- more-Fisher, Rlcsnk, and Co. Blue Jacket, B. P., 1,000, II. Clarke, Wollington, N.2.-Lorimer, Mackie, and Co. Black Eagle, B. s., 1,863, A. Dickson, Groonook.-Den- nistoun Brothers and Co. Compeer, A. s., 803, J. D. Whito, Now York-Wil- kinson Brothors and Co. Carl, T)n. br., 178, A, P. Hanson, Copenhogon.-Mol chlor*tud Co. Clfinsureh, B. s, SOO, G. Gibson, Kurraoheo.-Gra- ham, Sands, and Co. Carntyno, B. s., 010, A. Robertson, Liverpool Swim Brother« and Co. Coroninndol, V. b , 450, E. Dandry, Bordeaux -Cur dicr and Adot. Ozarr, B p., 1,147, J. Hame, Greenock.-Dennistoun Brothera and Co. Dollart, H. b , 811, E. Muggonborpr, London.-De Pass Brothers and Co. Dover Castlo, B. s, 1,002, J. Adams, London.-W. P. Whito and Co. Eagle, A. s., 1,102, H. E. Williams, Hong Kong. Captain. Giant's Causeway, B. s,, Greenock.-Holmos, White, and Co. Hollospont, A. s, 703, W. M. Konnard, Hartlopool_, Sichel and Co. Jemmy, F b., 253, M. Perrin, Mauritius.-R. and !P. Turnbull and Co. Jack Frost, A. s, 884, P. Thomas, London.-Do Pass Brothers and Co. "L A. Bang" [Swedish], S. s, 906, E. M. Fallenius, Gefle. -Sichal and Co. Lady Milton, B. s., 002, F. P. Hoed, London.-Josko Brothers. Maidstone, \B. B., 038, >E. <3hailton, London.-W. P. Whito and Co. Melbourne, B. s, 1,170, H. Morris, Llvorpool -Lori- mer, Mackie, and Co. Meteor, A. b . 820, 'G.'Colson, Now York.-Fisher, Ricarda, and Co. ' Malta, B. Bt., 2,000, H. Down, Sydney.-John Sparkes. Norfolk, B. u, 062, J. S. Attwood.-W. P. Whits and Co Olympia, H. b., 002, A. Tobias, Manilla.-Haogo and Proll. Orwol, B, s., 1,220, White and Co. Pom, N. B., 032, H. A. O. Sunno, Pugot -Sound. Sichel and Co. S. Curling, A. s , 1,467, W. G. Gilchrist, Liverpool - Swlro Brothors and Co. Swiftsuro, B. s., 1,325, W. P. Pryee, London.-W. P. Whito and Co. Swallow, D. b" 331, P. P. Bloom, Batavia.-¡Ploo3 van Amstel and Co. Vocalist, B. s, 1,004, M. Flett, Liverpool.-Bright 'Brothers and Co. WOOL SHIPPED PER VESSELS SAILED SINCE DEPARTURE OF MAIL ON MAY 17, 1800. Date of .Sailing. Ship. Destination. Bales. May l8 Britlbh Trielont .. May 10 Looping Water .. May 24|Yoiksliiro .. Juno S Maidstono Liverpool London London .. London 333 1,421 302 ISO PASSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND BY AND SINCE THE DEPARTURE OF THE MAY MAIL. MAY 17. British Trident, for Liverpool. - Mrs. M'Crae, Messrs. Jas. Lawson, A. F. Sanger, P. Holtsz, E. Ford, - Angel, and - Heath. Benares, R.M. s.s, for Ceylon. Kangaroo Island- Mr. Pokorny. Suez-Mr. Mater, Mr.and Mrs. King. Hong Kong-Mr. Rusden, Mr. Rehden. Ceylon -Mr. and Mrs. M'Lauchlan. Bombay-Mr. and Mrs. Stoc queler. Marseilles - Messrs. Patterson, Boldon (2), W. Skene, Cotsworth, Magney, Satterthwaite, M'Culloch, Taylor, E. Taylor. J. L. Tritton, J.A.J. M'Gregor. Southampton-Miss Simson, Mr. Rich, Rev. Mr. Bertram. MAY 10. Loaplng Water, for Loudon. -Mr. and Mrs. Samtiol Hoopor, Miss Jones, Mrs. Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. Wuito Gatos and tbrcochi'drcn, Miss Harriet Walker, Dr. Slater, Captain J. Bowon, Messrs. M. A. Krohn, B. H. Ogdon, 0. H. Young, H. Echmidt, W. Morris, - Mackouzle. MAY 24. Yorkshire, for London-Mr. Alfred Ross, Mrs. Alfred Rois, fUmily, and servant; Mrs. Clough urid two children, Mr. and Mrf. Fear und child, Mr. mid Mrs. L. Duncan, Mrs. -Dodaon and family, Mr. and Mis. Owen, Mr. J. Howell, Mr. and Mrs. Hunt, Master Goldie, .Mrs. Pond, Mr.* James Biogden, Mr. E. S. Richardson, Mr, IS. J. Hayward, Mr. Cllirord, -Mr. A. K. T-tylor, Mrs. Boulcott and olil't), Miss Mary Mot calfo, Miss Alico Metcalfe, Mr. Thomas Hals, Mr. Mar- cus, Dr. A. Squire JUNK 0. Maidstone, for London.-Mr and Mrs. Mackay, Mr: Benjamin Bucknall, Mr. Charles Cowoll, Mr. 0. A. Campbell, Mr. Mahoney, Mr. Prico, Mr. J. Wilson. BOUNDARY BEEPS, TORRES ST.EAIT3. Tho following tablo of positions of reef« in Tones Straits, communloatod by Captain Denham, and compiled from tho most recent surveys 'by lier Majesty's ship Horald, under lils command, has been published In Tuesday's Oovr.mmaü Qatettc: " Goosraphlo Positions of tho Boundary Rcefi which, on tho eastern and wistom hand, form the on tor routo to Torres Straits from tho ports of Australia. ? Tasmania, and NowJIcalund, as recently determined by Her Majesty's ¡.hip Hoi aid, Captain Denham, R.N., F.RS. . Roof. Eastorn Hand. Bellona .. I.. Bellona (intermediate breaker) Booby . Bampton Mollfsh. Weston! n.md. Cato . .Wreck. Konn '. Lihou. Willis. Osprey . Raino Island Beacon, ontranco of strait .. iatltudo. Longitude \^' South. Dcg.ni, s. 21 52 22 21 20 SO 20 67 0 19 52 22 17 24 30 2S 15 82 22 10 30 21 15 34 17 10 SO 0 10 0 10 S 30 'N.B.-A ship from tho southward ha3 only to be placed In 24deg. South, 157dog. Kast, and a clear passago of 150 miles wide, froo of current, with a flow- ing a luth.eatt 'trade' wind, will Ho before her for tho 1,100 miles to Raino Island, ontrones to Tims Straits, upon tho following oouraoa, vis. : " 1st. N. by W. J W. 240 nilloä, to latitudo 20Jog S. "2nd. N.W. J W. 700 miles, to latitudo lldog. Slim. S. (parallel of Raino Island.) *. 3rd. W. è S. 2¿0 miles, to Raino Uland, upon Its parallel. "Noto.-Tho courses aro by 'compass,*corroded for tho succositvB changos in 'variation' In tho Corai Sea. . " Captain Denham also reports that ho caused such supplies as could be .aparecí from tho Herald to bo stored in tho tower on Raino Island. " May 28,1SC0." GELLIBRANDS POINT LIGHTSHIP, (raojt TIIK aoyisaNMBXT OAZBTTH.) Dopartmcnt of Trade and Ciistomt, Molbourno, May 21,1800. KOTICB io MAIIHÍEIIS. "With referenco to tho notico of 20th July, 1869, fiubllehod In tho fíovernmtnt Qtmtte, intimating an mended chango in thenaturoof tho light oxhibitcd on board tho lightship oil' Golllbrand's Point, the attention of masters of vessels and othors is in vit c1 to the notlco hereunto attached. VISCCXT Pncn, Commissioner of Trado and Ou-itoms. . Department of Ports and narbouri-. Williamstown, May 14,1SG0. "NOTICE TO MAWXEIIS. GEHIIBRAND'S POINT Liaiiisijir. . CHANDE Ol' I.IU11T. Masters of vessels and othors navigating Port Philip Biy aro horoby informed that a whlto rovolyjng light will, on aud after tho Oth of Juno noxt. bo exhibited from Eunsot to sunrise on board tho Oollibrand's point Lightship, in lieu of tho two Axed lights at presont ehowd thcro. (Signed) CiiAtti.Es FEBOOSON, Chlof Harbour-master. VICTORIA STEAM NAVIGATION BOARD. 10 Victoria No. 25.-Notlco to tho owners and masters of oteatn vessols trading to or from, or plying in, " any port, barbour, crcok, or river In Viotoria. sujiver OF mon ASP LOW rnsssfaa STEAM VRUBELS FOB BAII'-VBAB ENDINO 81Sr BECEMBEB, 1800. Notico is hereby givon that, under tho filth clause of tbo abovo cited act, tbo owner oí ovory steam ves sol employed as stated la bound to havo the vossel and tho wholo of hor machinery surveyed by tho onglneer and shipwright surveyors appointed for that purposo by tho Victoria Steam Navigation Board, in the man- ner and at tho times following : Low prcssuro,-Vessel and nuchiiu-ry-June and December. High pressure.-Vessel-Juno and Decomber ; ma- chinery-March, Juno, September, and Decomber. Tho owners and mastcro oí Blcauj vessols og ie~ quested to observe that in futuro the fees aro to bo paid to the «ecretnry, at the offlco of the board, beforo the surreys aro hold, and no tecs whatever are to bo paid lo Iho surveyors. Tho declaration of tho surveyors having boon ob- tained, tho owner is to transmit thom, within 14 days from tho dato thereof, to tho secretary of tho hoard, addressed to the Steam Board Offlco, King-street, Molbourno. A penalty of £5 Is fixed by the act for every day that tho sending of any suoh declaration- is dolayol hoyond 14 days. By ordor. ÖUM.B3 B. PATHS, Secretary, May 21,1800. VICTORIA STF.AM NAVIGATION BOARD. , 16 VitrroiUA, No. 26. To the owners and mutera i-f Boa-going steam vessel-) {dying fiom any placo or leaving uny port or harbour n Victor!» ADJUSTMENT 0? COMrASSBB. With reforenco to a notice issued on the abovo sub- ject on tho 10th ult., notice U hereby given that Mr. Danlo! M'CulIutn, of Williamstown, Mr. John Tozor, of Willlamstow n, and Mr. Ooorgo Groves, have been authorised to swing ships for tho purposo of ascertaining the dovlation of the compass. A certificate, signed by either of the above-named, that tho compo»so? havo boon properly verified cr adjusted, must be transmitted to this omeo with tho declaration of Burvoy. CnAiiLES B, PAYNE, Secretary. Stoam Board Ofuco. Juno 5. MISCELLANEOUS. AUSTRALIAN ExinitrnoN.-The Royal Society appears favourable to the proposition of holding an " Australian Exhibition in the courso of the ensuing year. The paper cn this subject, road by Mr. Knight on Monelay evening last, con- cluded with a recommendation that a special meeting of tho society should bo called to con- sider the matter in detail. Before the business of the evening had terminated, the requisition to tho council for a special meeting was signed by nearly all the members present, and, in the courso of a few dajs, tho proposed meqting will take place. OUR OBITUARY OF THE 1ST INST. contained the notice of the death of Mr. James M'Enchern, a gentleman connected for many years with the press in this colony, and previously in New South Wales. Mr. M'Eachcrn was an earnest politician, with strong democratic sympathies, and ho mado many Bacriüccs in defence of the principios ho supported. His connexion with newspaper life bad ceased for somo two years before his death, but ho took a part in all political movements of recent date. Those who knew him intimately always found in him an earnest and high minded friend, somowhat impracticable, perhaps, but ono who consistently maintained tho charac- ter he had acquired during a difficult nnd vonal period-thn£ of an upright gentleman and a con- scientious journalist. DIMINUTIVE FRAUD.-A Chinaman was de- tected at Ballarat in an endeavour to sell tho extraordinary Btnnll tiunntity of sixpenceworth of gold, and that, too, spurious ! Ho was given into custody. THE PROPRIETY OP CONVERTING TWO SWAMPS IN THE CAULFIELD DISTRICT-tho one known as " Paddy's," thoother as "Lenmn's", \- into permanent reservoirs, -which Bhall blend tho ornamental with tho useful, was brought under the notice of the President of Lands aird Survey on the 1st of Jiinof hy a deputation from the local road board, who intimated that the cost attending tho improvement could bo met by the imposition of a licence-fco for the removal of a certain fertilising matter which was in great re- quest in the neighbourhood, and with which tho swamps abounded. Mr. Service expressed him- self favourable to the scheme, and requested the deputation to supply the department with a paper of suggestions as to tbo best moans for carrying out the object. GIPPS LA.ND.-A gentleman who has been prospecting in Gipps Land, writing to a friend in Melbourne as to tho result of his operations, saj s :-" I commenced on the Ararat Creek, about 10 miles from" Pakenham, in tho Western Port district, and out my way through a dense sciub to the head of the Biinjip, and on towards the Tarwin River. I found gold throughout tho entire area,'but not in payable quantity, I am of opinion, howevor, that had I been in a posi- tion to continuo my researches, I should havo found, between tho heads of the Yarra anti Tarwlin, a payable gold-field. I observed large arcas of fine agricultural land, and that the country generally is well watered. It is thickly timbered with trees of largo size-many 100ft. and 200ft. high, without a branch. The rivers and creeks abound with fish of various kinds. I should much Iiko to examine tho lower part of tho Tarwin, if found to bo navigi-ble. I know of no part of Victoria to surpass it for settling upon. The distance from Melbourne by land is about 00 miles. Tho largo Bunnip might also, I think, bo found navigablo for flat-bottomed boats ; nnel, if so, produoo -eould bo forwarded hy it to Mol- bourno by way of tbo inlets. A few pounds would bo well laid out in examining 'theso pluces." THE FcruNTjATioN-sTONE OF A NEW PRES- BYTERIAN -OnuitOII, situated at tho corner of Alma and Darkly streets, St. Kilda, was laid on Juno 5, by His Excellency tho Governor, in presence of a very numerous body of spectators, consisting °of both ladies and gentlemen. Tho Rov. Messrs. Hetherington, Draper, Ballantyne, and others, took part in the proceedings. Tho ceremony Of laying the foundation-stone having been completed, His Excellency and a number of the visitors adjourned to a marquee which had been erected for tho occasion, and the interior of which was tastefully adorned with evergreens, whero they partook of lefrcshments. Tho church, which is for the Rev. Mr. Moir, is to be erected of bluestone, with a lofty spire. The dimensions aro about 70 feet by 36, nnd tbo building will afford accommodation to a congregation of about 400 persons. Mr. Alfred L. Smith is the archi- tect. ? THE BOTANIC GARDENS nro now arrayed in the sombre hues incidental-to tho season, aud tho floral attractions aro comparatively few. But, in a collection so vast and rare, it is impossible that at any seaton tho grounds can bo destitute of tho beautiful, or fail to interest, even the most casual obsciver. For instance, that singular specimen, in the palm-houso, tho Icstud maria clcplwtntipcs, vulgarly known as the tortoiso plant, which has for Bomo time been in a stato' of torpidity, and re- sembled a roughly-hewn block- of wood, has sent forth a profusion of delicate tendrils, which ai o trained agatnst tho f ramewoik of tho _ Coji servatory'to a considcrablo elevation. Again, in the class grounds at tho western tide of the gardens theio aro two flowering shrubs worthy of note-tho ono is the Epacris grandijlora, from Botany Bay, now covered with vari tinted flowers ; and the other, the Irish sti aw berry trco, is in blossom for tho first time. And beside tho lagoon thero is a magnifi- cent tree, indigenous to South America, but w ith ono of tho most unpionounceablo of Gieek com- pounded names, of \ery large dimensions and covered with cream-coloured blossoms. The atten- tion of tho Got eminent botanist is now prin- cipally directed to the distribution of plants and shrubs for the various publie institutions which havo sent in applications, and in ex- tending and permanently impioving tho grounds themselves. A considernblo portion of the le sorvo nt the southern extremity has been en- closed and laid out as a nursery. A carritigc drivo, commencing at the south- east anglo of tho gardens, and hounded , by an ornamental and very durablo iron fenco, it boing carried to their norlli-westoni extiemitv. Kew paths are being formed, and parterres laid out; and tboso portions of the onclosuro which aro not at pro- sont required for planting aro being sown with grass and clover, so as heronftor to be com Eietely covered with a rich green turf. It lyill e good news to tho_ residents of South Yarra to leam that tho bridge across the river is to ho thrown opon at all hours for publio accom- modation. Tho Zoological Gardons aro also being rapidly improved. The broad foot- path traversing thoir length has been planted with blue-gum, and will in a fow- yeais form an umbrageous avenue-a pleasant evening walk for gentlemen _ going from the Govern- ment offices to their homes in South Yana. The piscinarium is quito complote, and waiting the advent of either guaramier, salmon fry, or any other strange fish that may chanco-to arrive. Apropos to this, Captain RUBBOH, of the Gipsy Queen, has taken with him to the Mauritius tho guaramier cashs, with the intention of making another attempt to introduco the guaramier. Temporary quaiters havo been prepaied for the thrushes, larks, and blackbirds which arrived by tlio Maidstone and Norfolk, ia the palm-house. They do not appear to havo received the samo attention on the voyage as was onjoyed by some of their predecessors. Those n ho survived the voyage when they carno here were covered with vermin, and almost denuded of feathers. They aro now, in tho warm, moist atmosphere of the palm-hou3o, rapidly recovering. THE VICTORIAN CAITHNESS ASSOCIATION held its eighth annual meeting on the 25th of May, at the Southern Cross Hotol, thopresident, tho Bev. Peter Gunn, of Campbellfield, in tho obair. Tho secretary read the report, detailing the operations of tho society during tho past year. The treasurer's statement showed a ba- lanco of £125 to the credit of the society. Tho meeting then proceeded to tho election of office- bearers for tho ensuing year. Sovornl important suggestions, relative to tho amendment of the rules of the association, having been made, a committee) was appointed- to take the proposed alterations into consideration, to mnko arrange- ments for a social entertainment, and to report on tho best means of increasing the usefulness of tho society ; the report to bo laid before a special gonoral meeting. QUARTZ SrEcmras.-" On Saturday," (M"j 23), says tho Ballarat Times, " Messrs. Wiltkow ski Brothors exhibited a collection of splendid quartz specimens ¡n the window of their shop, on the Main road. The specimens might bo fitly described as quartz sprinkled on gold, rather than gold jn quarte, Tho tot weight was ¿!(i ounces, of whioh rot less than two-thirds must have been gold. The specimens wero obtained from a lode, situate at about two miles from Ballarat ; but tho exact locality has not been divulged, as the pro- spectors aro anxious to sccuro their claim before allowing tho situation to become public." The same journal «elds :-" The Red Jacket Company, on Sebastopol, aro now fairly in the gutter, and aro gotting somo rich washing stuff. .On Satur- day lost this company washed out IOS ounces of gold from ono puddling-machine of Btuff." TUE PUBLIC LIBRARY, after having been closed for a fortnight, for the purposo of cleaning and rearrangement, w ¡IB reopened to the publio on May 24, and received a large number of visitors. Thero havo been received from Eng- land during the past month, and placed on the bookshelves, about 1,500 volumes of new works, and several other shipments are expected. The most curious and perhaps the most vaiuablo of theso is a complete set of tho Gentleman's Maga- zine, in 220 volumes. They are all originals, commencing with the year 1731 and brought down to 1S59. REFORMATORIES.-Tho Chief Secretary was ] waited upon on Friday, Juno 8, by n depu- tation from the Inrmigrants' Aid Society, consisting of the Hon. John . Hodgson, M.L.O., Dr. Milton, Mr.- W. Fairfax, Mr. W. Hull, and Mr. J. T. Harcourt. Tho object of the deputation, as explained by Mr. Hodgson, was to ascertain from tho Chief Secrotary whether it would bo possiblo, before tho closo of the pre- sent session of Parliament, to frame a measure . that would apply to the cases of tho children in tho Immigrnnis' Home. Mr. Nicholson said j he thought not. A bill was already under tho consideration of tho Ministry, but the questions which rt'ero involved wero very difficult to settle. For instance, thero was tho religious question. What kind of religious teaching were the children to havo? or were they to have any at all Î The question would bo ns difficult to deal with, as that of educa- tion. The measure must necessarily bo a long one, as no doubt tho deputation would admit when they saw it (which he should be happy for them to do, beforo introducing it into Parliament), and therefore duo timo should bo allowed for its consideration. Mr. Hodgson was awaro of the difficulties in the way of a settle- ment of the question, but asked whether a short measure to meet immediate wants might not bo adopted this session ? Mr. Nicholson remarked that the Assembly had passed a resolution against the introduction of any more bills tiiis Session. Mr. Fairfax said the deputation had been im- pelled to this step by the difficulties which at- tended tho dealing with tho children under their caro. Tho committeo had by them reports of re- ' formatorics in Great Britain, which might serve as a guide for tho formation of Bomo regulations. Mr. Hull remarked that the scenes occuriing almost daily in the City Polico Court wero such as to harrow the feelings. Deserted children, for whom there 'Was no provision what- ever, wero constantly brought up. If the com- mon law of England could be applied, they should know what to do. They would bo able to throw back the children on the churchwardens and guardians of parishes, and ho believed there wasaolausb in the Municipal Act by which the destitute poor wore chargeable on the corpo- rations. While provision was made for all manner of exigencies, thero was nono for chil- dren, who were going about, not only in moral pollution thomselves, but polluting the children of respectablo people. There might have been on board tho Pelorus double tho number of boya thevo aro, but the ship would not take boys who were convicts. They must como from a refor- matory, or bo taken beforo the magistrates, and sent without a conviction. By such a proceeding as this the hoy would bo saved, and, at tho samo time, tho stato served. Mr. Fairfax observed that at present the committee had no power over tho children, and directly some of the boys wero old enough to piok pockets, they were taken away from the institution. Ile suggested t he making of a simple Act of Council, which would meet the case to some extent, until a bill could pass tho Legislature Mr. Harcourt (secretary) added that recently the 40th Regiment would havelnlcen x2 boys from tho institution, but the committee had no power in the matter, and some of the parents wero at tho timo in gaol. Since then theso parents had come out of gaol, and at their instance tho youths had absconded, and were now in tad training. Mr. Harcourt gave other in- stances of children boing taken away and placed in a course that must lead to their ultimate ruin. Air. .Nicholson saul tins question had boon pressing on the Government for yearp. He could not hide from himself the difficulties attending the granting of powor to send to the Immigrants' Homo children who had committed no offence whether they had parents or not. However he would take an early opportunity of consulting'the Attorney-General on the subject, and perhaps in tho meantime, tho deputation would favour h'im with a written statement of their views. TUB WEATHER, has undergone a somewhat sud- den chango (says t\ia Bendigo Advertiser, Juno 12). On Sunday morning tho thermometer fell to .below 30 degrees, tho ground was covered with white frost for Borne time after sunrise and pools of water were frozen over with ice á quarter of an inch in thickness. MANUFACTURE OF SALT.-Tho Gazette noti- fies that tho Government intend to grant a1 lease of the SaltLnke, on Long Cake run, in the Wimmera District, " for the purpo- o of minin« for and manufacturing tait." , ," EXPLORATION. - Tho same gentleman who subscribed £1,000 towards the Exploration Fund offers a reward of £1,000 to any party discovering a pormnnent gold-field on tho Victorian sido of the Snowy River ; such gold- field to yiold on tho average a weekly return of 5,C00oz. of gold for 32 months after its discovery. The council of the Royal Society will bo requested to act as judges. This very liberal nnd noble cxnmplo might well bo emulated by other wealthv co- lonists. The Exploration Committee of tho Roi al Society met on tho 14tb, Sir William Stawell in tho chair. -Thero mis a full attondanco nnd the subject of the expedition was fully dis- cussed. It was agreed, that a special meeting should bo convened for Thursday next, at 4 o'clock, when a leader will bo chosen, subject to the approval of , tho Government. In the in- terval tho testimonials of the different candidates v-ill Ho upon tho tablo for examination. It is expected that the expedition will set Out in six or seven weeks. ABOUT 200 CUILDREN anti othors belonging to tho various Bands of Hope in Melbourno and tho suburbs met on the 4th Juno, in tho school- room adjoining Wesley Church. The room was very prettily decorated for the occasion. Afterpnr taking of refreshment, tho children wero ad- dressed by Mr. neales, M.L.A., and the Rev. Mr. Townend. Recitations and other amuse- ments v.vricd tho proceedings, which terminated at nn early hour. A VERY bPLEsniD MEÍ'EOU was seen on tho morning of tho 4th Juno, nt about 10 minutes past G o'olock, falling apparently almost perpen- dicularly from tho heavens in a direction S W by W. from Melbourno. Tho moon was shining beautifully at the time in the western sky. Tho meteor was largo and very bright, giving out a bhioish light, which formed a long tail, which spread out somo four or five inches in width. It fell very gently, and seemed to disappear in the bay, or tho soa beyond. MR. ALBERT EDELMAN, an insolvent, who was supposed to have absconded, and for whose ap- prehension a reward was issued, surrendered in court on the 30th May. It appeared that be- tween the periods of the second and third meet- ings in his estate he had gone to the Snowy River, to obtain, if possible, pecuniary assistance from some friends. While there he was bitten sleeping in the bush, in the leg by some reptile, and was ill for three months. Sir George Ste- phen made an application, on behalf of the insol- vent, that the warrant should he withdrawn This request was in effect complied with, and a new meeting was appointed in the estate. TUB MAIL despatched by tho Benares con- sisted of 51,065 lettors (of which 2,354 were re- gistered) and 48,373 newspapers ; or 2,108 letters less, and 3,204 papera moro, than the last mail by the Emeu consisted of. THE NEW Posr-orncE.-It is now definitely decided to use tho whito Kangaroo Point stono for tho new Post-offico. This is the material used in ornamental columns outsido the east end of St. James's Cathedral, in Willuun-street, nhcro it has stood without any sign of decay. It is also adoptcdatthonewCathedinlof St. Patrick's on Eastern-hill. ' THE BENAEES.-A letter, signed " J. J. Pokorny," and dated " York Hotel, Adelaide, May 23," appears in the South Australian Regis ter of the Sith, respecting the grounding of tho Benares in Backstairs Passago, onher voyage from Melbourne to Adelaide and Suez. The writer says :-" Tho Benares got ajrround amidships on Sunday evening, tho 20th inst., at about 0.50 p.m. The lighthouse at Point Willoughby was at the time about four or five miles behind us, and we wero about five miles distant from tho land when the mishap occurred. Tho captain exclaimed, ' Stop her/ and this order had to bo repeated by him beforo it was executed. The vessel rolled for a few minutes on firm ground. During the day tho weather had boen very stormy, but after wo entered Backstairs Passago tho sea was fortunately perfectly smooth and calm ; tho star, light was pretty clear, and whilo wo wore ngrouuu wo saw distinctly tho surf breaking heavily at a very short distance. There was scarcely time, how- ever, for any feelings of alarm to-bo developed, as the noble vessel escaped from her perilous position as goon as the engines wero reversed. Almost immediately after, however, and beforo it was perceived by many on board that we were off the ground, she struck again at lier stern. This time the shock was heavier, tho engines wero stopped, reversed again, nil» the Benare? continued slowly her progress, Nçhich was soon increased to full speed, and continued for two hours, always, as it seemed to me, within agon shot of tbp Wöd, while others, who CUB claim moro experience, calculated the dibtanco from' two to* four miles. A denso darkness then ,>et in, ao companied by broad flashes of lightning nnd heavy thunder. At about half-past 0 p.m. th» rockets and guns wero fired nu signal-) for th» Adelaide steamer, and the progress of the vesseî was Btopped when her approach was ¡ii-eei tamed. Dining this interval I had a. coim-i't-ation wilt Captain Byrne, the commnnrlc-r of tho Benares, expressing my congratulation on the happy issue of tho occurrence. Cnplain Byrne, who during the whole a0air bad preserved the ulinost'seli possession and coolnrES worthy of a britve. sea- man, explained frankly that, expect iii.; tho set- ting in of a dense fog, which is usually to be mot with in Backstairs Passage, ho kept within sight of tho land, for the {impose of knowing exactly h¡¿ position at tho time ho was leavina ;h« land to bo able to calcúlalo safely und precisely hi progress in fog and darkness. A cn:¡uig of tia water, which he had previously absei*, ed, he hail mistaken for tho sandbank which the vessel sub. Ecqueutly touched." ' OUR LOCAL "MAN-OF WAR," THE Yic TORIA, now in New Zealand wateis, seems to be doing good seiiice, and tho libei.tltfj of our Gol eminent in placing her at tho stn i ice of the Kew Zealand Go\ ernmont for a tmiei .ippears to bo highly appreciated by tho authorities anti the public of tho disturbed colony. The \ ii torio, in also proving herself, when occasion onus, ono of the fastest steamers in these southe ni writer«. Uci voyage from Hqbait Town to New Ply- mouth was a remarkable one for tpeed ; "and-* tho Southern Cross of the 15th ult, noticing her departure from Auckland, it marks: "H.1U.CSS. Victoiia left her aw hoi ago, off tho White Bluff, M ith tho hr»t quin tor Hood at 1 o'clock p ra. on Sunday, and lind crossed the bar ot 3 o'clock, steaming against tLo titlo tho whole way. There was a head v md, 1 nt mode- rate. No steamer lins, wo belieu, hitherto mado a quicker run down tho 2tlnnuki.ii Channel than the Victoria." RULIGÎOUS SERVICES.-The Theatre Royal ia next Sunday to bo made, for tho first time, the sceno of religious services and discourses, on the samo principio which has been followed in hondón. The management have giantod the use of tho building on liberal terms. DEATH OF MISS HERBERT (MRS LEIIOS). Duriog tbo last few days the theatrical profes- sion of our colony has been deprived of one of its most eminent members. Mrs. JJeiium (better known to the frequenters of our .Melbourne theatres ns Miss Herbert) is no moro. She died on Saturday last, at Inglewood, after a l.rief but' painful illness. Miss Herbert was au actress of no ordinary ability, and though her sljlo waa occasionally marked by a tendency í o exaggeration, the prosenco of a very original mind was evident in roany of hor impersonations, and those who lcmcmbtr her Frances Stuai bt in "Court nnd Stage/' Clarisse, in " Retribution," Mtibel Vane, in " Masks and Faces," and Paulina, in " £.?? Winter's Tale," will not easily folget her, and will feel how severo a loss the btago of ouncolony has suffered by her untimely death, fche iwaa in the 31st j ear of her age. DIAMONDS.-Another proof has boen ob- tained . of the existence of naliio, diamond» in Australia, and, this timo, there 'is no room whatever for doubt as to' the char raetar of the stone, or the - genuineness of the discovery. Tho circumstance*, aro these : | A few days ago a stranger, but an old colonist, entered tho shop of Mr. Crisp, jowi Her, Queon street, and requested that a ring might bo ont from his finger, on which it hau been 'placed years beforo. ,Tho ring was cut accordingly, and on looking at the stone Mr. Crfrp at opeo sai* that it was a rough, unpolished dinmôn'd, of a brownish tint, aud on appîjiiîg all the tcatB suggested by long oxperienco his opinion was confirmed. ' The Btono is a diamond, and in size rather larger than that recently found at the Ovens. On inquiiy, the owner of the ring stated that, a considerable number of j ears ago, he found tho stone, while following cattle cn a station, and seeing that it was bright and lustrous, he earned it to a jeweller in a" country town not far distant, and hail the iin¡» made}, which he has sinco. worn, but without at all sus- pecting that the stone he had found was in reality a diamond ; nor had tho country jeweller been, aware of the character of the stono he was setting, for ho contrived to bury ititi gold, in such a way as to prevent the diamond exhibiting its brilliancy, and to make it show its Ipast attractive face. The stono was found in a différent district from those in which the tw o diamonds recently discovered were found ; and thus it is ascertained that throo localities, atj considerable distances from each other, havo given proof that as yet their mineral resources aie but imperfect!} developed. Thero can now bo no doubt that Aus- tralia must be reckoned as a diamond-producing country. , >. VICTORIAN ToxorHoíiTxs.-Tho archers of South Australia forwarded a challenge to the toxopholitos of Viotoria some Meeks since for » match, tho proposal having emanated from the ladies'committee of tho Adelaide Archery Club. The engagement was fixed, by telegraph, to como off at Toorak, on Saturday, the 2nd Juno, one of tho conditions being that each archers should shoot 72 arrows- the ladies at 50 yards, ¡and th« gentlemen at 00 yards distance ; the winners to bo deolared by the six highest scores on either side, whether of ladies or gentlemen'.' Thi* challenge was nt onco cheerfully accepted by the Victorian archers; and His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly issued invitations last week to the ladies and gentlemen who had practised at Toorak during the season. Notwithstanding the threatening naturo of tiio weather, the Victorians mustered in strong force- at 12 o'clock, nnd tho shooting wris continued-with only ti slight intermission, during which the-, nrohers partook of luncheon on the ground until half-past 4 o'clock, at which hour tho regu- lated number of arrows had been shot. Tho South Australian party had chosen Major-General Pratt to not as umpire for thom, no selected the gi ound, nnd superintended tho shooting., Upon the scores being added up the following wero de- clared by the captains to havo obtained tho highest numbers :-Miss Stevenson, 183; Mrs. T. Adamson, 171; Charles Moore, Esq., 104 y Miss Lyon. 1G3; Miss Box, 154; Miss Brown, 154\. Total, 030. Whilst tho Victorians wero thus engaged, tho Adelaide archers wero like- wise shooting, the total of tho six highest scorers being 864 ; tile Victorians thus winning, with 126 to spare. Although tho victors in the »boro list wero ladies, the gentlemen shot willi cónsider i ablo spirit, no less than BÍX of thuin, including His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, ..Charles Moore, Etq., Captain O. F. Timing, Clauèl Farie, Esq., ii. diostcr, Esq., and Sylvester * Brown,. Esq., appearing on tho scoring cards with three figures against their respective names. TnE MYSTERY CONNECTED WITH THE DISAIN PEARANOE AîlD SUBSEQUENT DrATn .OP MR. ANDRE W SINCLAIR ivas to a certain extent cleared - up at tho inquest on tho 30th of Ma,v,iwhcn it was clearly chown by Dr. Macadam, to whom the heaifc, kidneys, stomach, and other parts, lind been submitted for clnmical annlyzation, that tho deceased had died through taking a poisonous doso of somo preparation of morphia, though it still remains an open question, ns stated by tho verdict of the jury, by whom such doso was administered. The evidence is of a very extraordinary description, and it is tlifficult to conceive, from what has been stated at tho in- quest, whnt cnupo the unhappy mon could have had for committing suicido. His monetary cir- cumstances, although ho was pei haps in a tem- porary difficulty, wero not such CB would lead to the supposition that ho would have resorted to that stop, for tho difficulties were not only not irreparable, but they woro such, as was clearly shown, as ho could havo been relieved from in an instnnt by his friends, who woro both will- ing and nblo to assist him. His character wa* never that of a desponding mnn, but tho very reverse; and with tho exception of tho two females rcSiding at Mh Joseph's, and that gentleman himself, thero wa3 no ovidenco of his c-\ er having given way to despondency or anything of the kind. Thero aro other rumours, however, of which wo believo tho authorities aro informed, which moko it evident that, if thoro is the slightest truth in thom, all the facts of this ex- traordinary enso have not yet como to light ; but further steps will, no doubt, bo taken to «nravol this myslciy. Tho ovidenco of the females, and all tht. «ii.««.»:»- - .-. - me otiier witnesses, oxcept Mumby and his assist- ant, showed that the 3rd of May, the day after ho quitted Bignell's Hotel, was the last ho was seen alivo. Tho last-named two witnesses,- however, Bworo distinctly that they saw a man-exactly resembling him-and. at tho very least, the re semblanco must have been very remarkable-on the 11th of May, when ho evidently hore the appearance of a man who -n as drugged, and not that of a man who was diunk. The poison found in his intestines is ono that takes a con sidciablo time to act, and sends a person into a. sort of lethargic state beforo death, and is the very kind that would probably ho used for tho purposo of hocttssing ; and yet, if such had been the case, how could ho have got a distance of five miles from the spot where it might be supposed the hocufsing took placo? Tho jury evidertly ?were determined to sift the hints that prclalJy they had heai c1 out of doors in rpfcrenco lotM» matter, and, amongst othor questions, askedtL« Solico sergeant whether tho body could not hate een placed in the position it was. He at onco rcplied that it was impossible, observing that the branches of the tea-tree would have been broken, in lho act. Ollie* parties, however, who have seen the spot, aro of a different opinion, though doubtless care would have had to bo taken. The remark that, had such been the case, footstep» must havo been observed about, is easily met hy- the observation that one hour's heavy rain would have obliterated them. Altogether tho case it ono of those mysteries which appear, for th» lime at any rate, to be insciutable, though it generally happens that, at however distant » day, something or other occurs that helps to solvo th* mystery, and brings to light what had been pre- viously ImMen. 