SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Parliament re-assembled on Tuesday last, " for the despatch of publio business," and already wo are in the midst of another Ministerial crisir;. The session of 1859-G0 closed, it will be remem- bered, with the defeat of an attempt to eject tin Nicholson Ministry by a direot voto of want of confidence. Believing that the vote on that oc- casion insured tenure of office for some time a"; least, and that the triumph of four Ministers o the Crown, who presented themselves to their constituents during the recess for re-elootion, after severe contests in threo instances, expressed the feeling of the country in their favour, Ministers met Parliament with a fair amount of confidence. Their programme of the session embraced threo gold-fields bills, a real property (simplification of transfer) bill, a district councils bill (to give local self-government to the rural districts), an insol- vency laws amendment bill, a bill to provide for the maintenance and education of deserted children, bills for the naturalization of aliens, amendment of the laws between mas tors and servants, im- pounding of cattle, regulation of harbours, weightä and measures, postal reform, the census, the re- organization of the civil service, the occupation of the Crown lands, water supply for the interior, and the protection of our harbours. His Ex cellenoy opened the session with the usual cere- monies ; and on tho assembling of " tho Com- mons" in their own chamber, it became at once appaient that the verdict of the House in the previous session in favour of Ministers was not to be endorsed. Numerous deser- tions from the Ministerial ranks took plaoe, especially from below the gangway. Conspicuous amongst those who thus crossed the floor was Mr. Ebden, an cx-Minister of the Crown, who subsequently assigned as his reasons for the step, that he had lost all confidence in the occupants of the Treasury benches, and could no longor place any reliance on any statement they made of their policy. Before the commencement of the debate on the address in reply to the Vice-regal speooh, it was plain that, if the democratic members combined with the O'shanassy party-swollen as the numbers of the latter were by the "nonde- scripts and deserters," as tho Attorney- General styled tho emigrants from tho Ministerial side Ministers would be largely outvoted on a division. And the public were not long left in doubt as to the intentions of the Opposition. The reply to the address having beon moved in a few weak words by Mr, Jones, and seoonded without a remark by Mr. Lyall, Mr. Brooke moved, aud Mr. O'shanassy seconded, an amendment mate- j i ¡'ally changing the character of the address. It was denied by tho Opposition that the issue was intended to be " confidence" or "no confidence," but it was accepted in tho latter sonso by Mr. Nicholson, who with difficulty obtained tho ad- journment of the debate for a day. On Wednes- day the discussion was resumed. The groat charge brought against Ministers was, that tlu ' address studiously avoided reference to those questions which most occupied tho public mind —immigration and revision of the tariff—-and that, therefore, they were without a policy, while, as Mr. O Shannssy contended, the country was suffering from such a depression, and such an uncertainty as to the future, as to demand from Ministers the enunciation of a distinct and firm course of policy. To this charge ths " Corner" added that of a nial-adminis tration of tho land law of tho past ses- sions, such as might justify a suspicion that tho department desired to fulfil tho *'malign prophecies" which had been heard fro ii the Treasury benches during tho discussion of tho measure, as to its operation. Ministen denied, in the first place, tho alleged depression, Mr. Pyko asserting that the authentic statistic! of the colony proved that the average yield of gold per miner was larger than it had over before been, and that the agricultural and tho pastor.il interests of the colony exhibited equally favour- able results. Mr. Nicholson denied that Minis tois were disposed to favour a protectionist policy, and asked tho House to wait for tho fiuanotal t Internent, which the Treasurer was prepared to make on an early day. for a statement of tU3 policy of Ministers, both as regarded immigra- tion aud the tariff. The Attorney-General denied I that tho Vice-regal speech was less comprehensiva or less clear as to the policy of tbo Cabinet j 1han tho speeches of previous Governments had beon, and warmly denouueed, in a long and | very ablo address, the tactics and charaoter oE ¡ the Opposition, the incongruities of which ho ex- posed. The debate was protracted to 20 minutes past2o'clookonthe morning of Thursday, t¡ho 22nd inst., when an appeal by the Government for a further adjournment of the debato having bseu twice negatived, the amended address was oar rio 1 against Ministers by 34 to 21. Next day, at an early hour, Mr. Nicholson placed in the hands of His Excellency the resig- nation of the Cabinet, and recommended that tho hon. membar for Kilmore (Mr. O'shanassy) should be sent for. His Excellency followed the advice, but Mr. O'shanassy at once declined the task. It is said that His Excellency's letter to Mr. O'shanassy was of such an unusually curt obaracter, that it operated, oven mord than the private reasons spoken of by the friends of tho member for Kilmore, in in- fluencing hie determination. Mr. Ebden was next communicated with by His Excellent)/, ?with the samo result. That gentleman, in the course of the debate on tho previous night, had explicitly declared that " he should not refuse to âive his services to the country, if tho oountry emanded thera"-a declaration whioh influ- enced several votes ; but he based his refusal to attempt the| reconstruction of the Cabinet on the ground that his'physician's ad,vice was -that he should abstain altogether from public business. Mr. Brooko was next sent for, and yesterday he" accepted the task, and commenced the forma- tion of a Ministry, a list of tho members of which is to be handed to His Excellency this after- noon. It is understood that Mr. Brooke offerel to Mr. Haines tho position of hoad of the Cabi- net-a position that statesman very wisely de- clined. Mr. Brooke will endeavour to form a Government by combining " the Coruer" with "the Opposition" and the desertors from the Ministerial side, but Mr. Buffy j. tho greata "difficulty" which Mr. Brooke has to contend againBt. AU parties repudiate con- nexion with the member for Villiers and Heytoj bury; hut how the member for Geelong fhst can pasa by, on this.ooeasion, his right hand friend and constant adviser, it is not easy to i comprehend. It is understood that araonïst j thoao ' to whom Mr. Brooko will apply for ! assistance will bo Mr. Iroland, Mr. Hoaloj Mr. J.. S. Johnston, Mr, Anderson, and Mr' loader. Mr. O'shanassy and Mr. Ebden will support the Ministry thus formed ; it is im- probable that such a Cabinet can maintain moro tliann brief existence, that its occupation of the Treasury benches can givo coufidonco to tho .oountry in its rulers, or that it can favourably influence publio opinion at home. It is njt beyond probability, however, that Mr, Brooke's attempt will fail, from tho impossibility of recon \- oiling the discordant clements he has to deal with and that the result may be an appeal to the coun- try by Mr, Nicholson. . Tho causes of the fall of tho Nicholson Ministry are easy to find. Something may be laid to ac tount of tho vacillation they showed durba» the latter part of tho late session, in the conduct of the Land Bill, and tho possible want of a distinct and wise policy to unite an i strengthen them. But the real source of their weakness waa the want of respoot entertatnui generally in the House for somo of the oldar members of.andforall the later additions fo, the Cabinet. Messrs. Pyke and Bailoy woroaouroa» of weakness from the beginning; Mr.Martley at Solicitor-General, was an unfortunate selection seeing his aptitude for blundering, his want of tact, and his great capacity for creating enemies to the Government of which he is a membar ; but the selection of Mr. Grooves and Mr. New- ton, during therooess, to fill tho vacancies o»mad by the secession of MeBBrs. Francis and Servica was a fatal blunder. Durinrr the recess, various changes had oj cuired in tho conttitution of the Nlohat son Cabinet. Mr. Pyke had left the doiucs ment of the Customs to place himself at the head of the Board of Land and Worki Mr. Bailey vacated the Post-office, and stepnad into the Customs ; and Mr. Newtou, a barrister whose praotioe lay oxolustvuly in the County Court, was solocted for the Post-office depArt ïïtnt*w Tne onoloe was somewhat etraa'e. iïïL-iî6"?011 Ä*^?, onl* 0l!09 «lutinguUhol bmself in the House, when ho snurtiy attacked the constitution of the Gavern nient; and bis only notable effort ai a politician having boen a noJtioe of. motion' f JC Icirve-tointrçAditca a'Bil ' tt> brfçtA'rïïrJ('mlml_\\.1 r-lltiee, and 'giro theiñ the pe^aaS^fe&r;* 1 cal improvements and administering grants for road and kindred improvements-a bill subse- quently adopted by the Ministry. Mr. Pyke wai returned by hia old constituency-that of Castle- maine-without sorioua opposition. Mr. Bailey seourod his re-election for Ballarat Weat, after a very sharp contest with Mr. Gillios, a miner o£ the distriot; and Mr. Newton, in South Bourke, beat, by moro than two to one, a protectionist of the Eastern Market order, in the person of Mr. Graham Berry, who, a month before, had bean beaten at Geelong by Mr. Greaves, on his asoes sion to offico. . Mr. Angus M'Millan has resigned his seat for South Gipps Land, on the ground of ill health. The Legislativo Oounoil, on Tuesday, re-elected Sir James Palmer to be their President, limiting the term of offico, however, to five years. The Land Bill came into operation on the 1st inst., and some 200,000 acres of land have been offered for selection under its provisions, at 20J. an acre. Upwards of 500,000 acres have already been proclaimed as commonages for the gold- fields for the cattle and horses of dairymen, miners, teamsters, &c.; Complaint is made that the land proclaimed for seleotion, aB yet, is of ba- ft rior quality ; but it is explained that none of tho surveys undertaken expressly for the pur- poses of the bill, on the geodetio system, i nave yet been completed, as it was found necesBary to push on tho trigonometrical survey simultaneously with the goodetio. It is announced, however, that large tracts of land in tho Portland district, where the soil is of the finest quality for agricultural settlement, will soon b3 offered to intending settlers at the upset prie3 (£1) fixed by tho bill. The now land law doeî ! not seem to be much dreaded by speculators, and capitalists still continue to invest in stock and runs, notwithstanding tho long-standing threat- ( which the Nicholson Ministry had_ intended to | put in force during the present session-that tha system of squatting, as it exists in Victoria, shoal! i be terminated in lb61, The late Ministers wera prepared to submit resolutions to the House oa the subject, as the basis of a bill ; but the oha- I meter of those resolutions has not been suffered to transpire. Gradually, however, squatting is withdrawing northwards, beyond the bounds of the colony. So favourable to stock is the country beyond the Murray, and watered by the Murrum- bidgee, that the supplies of cattle thrown into the markets of the colony are boyond the demand, large as that is. The oonsoquenoe ia, that not only have prices fallen till meat is at a | very moderate rate, but boiling down has again been resorted to on a small scale (and, it is said, with a profit), and is talked of on a large scala by the squatters of the Murray. *? Tha mayoralty of Molbourno has again fallen upon Mr. J. T. Smith, by the votes of the scru- tineers. Mr, Smith and Mr. Costello received the Bame number of votes, and, by a system peculiar to this city, in suoh an event the scruti- neers give a second voto. Thus Mr. Smith secured his election, to tho undisguised regret of nine-tenths of tho citizens of Molbourno. Mr. Landells, the second in command of tha Victorian Exploring Expedition, has resigned his post, and roturnod to Molbourno. Dr. Beckler, burgeon to the expedition, has also resigned. Both resignations have been accepted by the Royal Society, who havo approved of the pro- | ceedings of Mr. Burko, tho leader. Mr. Lan- dells' own statement condemns him. His infirm- , ities of temper have had much to do with the causes of his resignation ; and more hope than ever is now entertained of the ultimate success of [ the party. Mr. Burko by this time is at Cooper's Creek, preparing for his jourooy into the interior. Since tlio departure of this expedition, Mr. Stuart, the adventurous South Australian ex- plorer^ has returned from a successful rush, in whioh ho penetrated to lat. 18.17 S., and | long. 134 E.-a point to tho north of the lina of the Gulf of Carpentaria, and whioh virtually completes the line of discovery to tho north, as it overlaps that to which ex- plorers from the north havo penetrated south- wards. Mr. Stuart reporta the interior of tha island as üt for pastoral purposes and settlement, and his experience explodes the notion of a central desert. Mr. Stuart has again set out, with a larger party, for whom a vote was made by the South Australian Parliament, to complete his journey to tho sea-coast. Information as to Mr. Stuart a discoveries baa been sent to Mr. Burke by spooial messenger, and it has been left to him to go northwards, or to turn westward towards the coast, as he shall determine. An exhibition of paintings was opened a few days ago, in Molbourno. Some very fine works are shown, and the exhibition is, on the wholo, highly creditable to the artists of the colony. A severe gale from the south-east has caused tho loss of tho barque Timora, andthe brig Regia, in Portland Bay. Both vessels wore discharging cargo ; and were driven ashore from their moor- ings by the extraordinary violenoo of the galo. The crows wore saved. Active steps havo at last beon taken, at the joint cost of the Governments of Tasmania and | Victoria, for the repair of the telegraphic line across Boss' Straits. A milo of cable, similar to the Atlantic cable, was found in the colony, and by its help it is expected that tho efficiency of the line will in a few wooka be restored. A very general feeling has arisen in favour of a ' system of assisted immigration on a large soale ; and such a scheme must be a loading feature of the policy of any Government which may succeed I to power in this colony. By the arrival of a detachment of the 40th Regiment, from London, per Result, the volun- teers have been relieved from garrison duty, whioh they performed well and willingly for four months. The movement has spread with the greatest rapidity all over the colony. The force may now bo said to be complete, as latterly the ! authorities have boen compelled to decline nume- rous offers to form corps. On the 30th instant and 1st proximo the great annual Caledonian gathering takes place, for the encouragement of Celtio and other sports, Celtio music, &o.; On this occasion, a rifle competition and a draft tournament have been added to the programme, with the greatest success. At these gatherings feats havo been performed whioh would be oreditable to the Braemar gather- ing, or the Northern Meeting at Inverness. A number of glow-worma have beon received | in good condition during the month, from Lon- don, the gift of Mr. Edward Wilson, Cryatala of quartz, of great beauty, nre likely to take a placo amongst the productiona of Aus- tralia. Thoy aro found in great numbers in the Ovens district, and we havo seen several lately of considerable beauty. In Scotland they would bo called " Cairngorms." Thoy are superior in hardness, lustro, and colour to Brazilian stones, ¡ and in those particulars rival tho famous produc- tions of Strathspey. The news from Now Zealand is at last satis- factory. The Waikatos-a powerful tribe, who recently entered the Taranaki district to assist W. King!,-have boon gallantly defeated, with considerable Hlaughtor, by the forces under Major-General Pratt. The losses of tho enemy were considerable ; of the British, small. Again tho delivery of the English mail has been more than punctually performed, the Pea insular and Oriental Company's fine steamer Jcddo having arrived in Hobson'« Bay a day j before her time, with the September mail. Great ! complaint is made, however, of the increase of the fares, by which, virtually, the overland route isclosod to passengers to and from Australia. THE GOLD-FIELDS. This time last month we had the prospect of an extensive gold-Hell being opened at the extreme western end of the known auriferous country, but a further trial of the ground then discovered has not borno out these anticipations. The Londonderry Diggings have not altogether proved a failure, but they do not promise to be of muoh extent, or of extraordinary nohnoss. The other discovery made about the same time is turning I out to bo of moro importance, and this,_it may be remembered, was in the other direction, in the Ovens district, and within a fow miles of the Murray. The number of doop leads of goldf ound at Wahgunyah has boon since increased to 12, and some of these are rich enough to be amply re- munerative to tbo miners thereon, whiltTöthers j seem as yet to be only moderately rush, and of I no great length, . As invariably happens now at every rush, largo or small, far moro people have "collected, and nre collecting, on the spot than I there ia any room for, at least with tho prohabi- ' * Hty of their getting any share in the good thin going. Such being tho case at aU the dQ- j gings now or at all in favour, there is ft great j amount of idleness and vory much time wasted ; and although tho avorago returns for tha i . total number of men ongaged in mining are! I email, yet, if it could be ascertained i I exactly what proportion ia actually s,t work, a different state of things would be apparent, that is to say, in proportion to the .number of hours' work done. The system of Bhephordin», ! as it is called, is carried to such an extent at all 1 new rushes as to lead to quite an errduetras esti- mate, both of the number of minois on the ground, and the proportionate amount of gold obtained by thom. Claims aro taken up ia advance on the supposed runs of gold, and held .without anything moro than Iho semblauoa oE work, until it is seen whether the leads aro likoly I to run through thom or not Ono man usually holds, or has an interest in, several of those, and doeB nothing but walk about, and. make his appearance on each daily, until ho has good rai-, sons for setting to work in earnest on one, or his to abandon them all as hopeless, or from the wa it of means to continuolonger a miner merely intros- pectivo. This sortof idlenessoftenlastsfirmouths. _I .supposing I I'lhemsclvcs to be ia tho close vicinity of gold, or f Hr . -. .." of being in the actual possession of a golden | claim. To obviato this necessity for crowding together in such numbers whero so few can ac- tually go to work, ought to be the object of all thoso advocating the minors' interest ; and as wa eau scarcely now-expect the discovery of new fields of sufficient number and extont to absorb all tho unlosated,or atony ono timo suparfluoiu followers of this pursuit, the conviction is still gaining strength that the resources of the older fields must be more fully developed for the benefit of the country at large. In the Governor's speech at the opening of Parliament, the Bill for the better Management of the Gold- fields, whioh was introduced last session, and ha? since been materially amended, was the first referred to, and members wero told that thatc attention would be specially invited to the pro- priety of providing a permanent and adequate ! supply of water to the intorior of the country. Political changes may somewhat modify thasa intentions, but the fooling of the country is now to strong, as to the necessity for everything po3 fciblo being done to increase' tho produce of our mines, that these subjects must receive a due amount of attention from whatever Ministry may be in power through th9 session. Tho first experi- ment in devoting a portion of the publio funds tí tho providing of such a supply is in such an early singe as to afford no criterion of tho wis- dom of this departure from established ous tora. The sum is now .being expendod in the construction of reservoirs in the plaoeJ most required, which, of courso, will not \ be filled before next winter; and prior to the | commencement of any furthor operations of the kind, somo policy or systom for the general man- agement of suoh works will no doubt havo to bo decided on. With the exception of the opening of soma richer spots than ordinary, there have beon no important changes of late on tho established gold- | £¡olds. At Inglewood, alluvial mining'has to ba almost given up, now that the summer is sottiur in, but the qunrtz-reofs there are turning out to be of creator extent than was expscted, an i of the richness of one of them we gave an ex- ample last month in describing tho 2,247oz. cake of amalgamated gold, the produce of 22 tous of stone from the Columbian Reef. The best crushing announced since was one of DO tons of stone from the same reef, which # yielded 888oz. of gold ; but this lot was taken without'selection, and from a great body of quartz. Tho largest yield of late from any of the reefs on tho older fields wits obtained a few days since in the Bendigo distriot. This was, however, from but a small parcel, 5 tons of stone having produced 301 ox., or at the rato of over UOoz. to the ton. Tho alluvial resources of this early famed distriot aro now much 'reduced, but not quite exhausted, as appears by the discovery within a few days of tbieo nuggots weighing respectively, 22oz., 80oz., and 95oz., as well ¡ts sovoral smaller ones, in-1 Poverty Gully. Rather moro than tho usual number of medium-sized nuggets have been found lately in different places, and one of 168oz, v as picked up by a Chinaman on the old lead at Dunolly. A very rich lead of gold-has boen opened at Kingower, noar the old workings there, the yield from whioh runs from 2oz. to 8oz. to tlie load, but this goes under land purchased by the squatter occupying the station, and as a satisfactory arrangement cannot bo entered into with this gentleman, somo two or three thousand miners are kept in idleness, ponding rrreforonco . io Government, which, however, is likely to bo of li;tlo or no avail. AGRICULTURE. The farmers' busiest season has now com- menced here only in regard to tho outtiug of tb.3 hay crops, while in tho adjoining colonies of Now South Wales and South Australia the reap- ing of wheat aUo has boon begun ; and we have still in all the prospect of a most .abundant har- vest. The weather has beon generally cool, for the time of year, with frequent showers, but is now getting warm, the chango being very ap- parent in tho quick ripening of tho early fruits and the rapid spindling of the later corn crops. Of courso there are, as usual at this season, com- plaints now and again of loss from blight of dif forentkinds ; but these aremostly oonfmed this year tothehaygrowersrouudMelbourne,someofwho3e ' fields havo.been Badly damaged by a sort of blight which has been known in this distriot for year¿ past, but until now had never assumed an alarm- ing aspect. This causes the death of the entire plant, and is said by one of our most observant practical farmers to be nothing more nor less than a small worm, which attacks the roots like the wire worm, but of what species this destructive?" worm of ours may bo ' we cannot say. as it has not yet been submitted to the nucrosoope. It confines its attention principally to the oat crop, on such lands as havo been longest tilled, and in some fiolds has destroyed many acres of this ; but it will scarcely affect the produce of grain, as oo. the old farina oats aro mostly sown for hay. The wheat crop3 promise to be good, and the number of acres reaped this year will be very much greater than it was lost ; so that wo shall have made another great step towards the supply of /our markets with home- grown breodstuffs. As' to the pro- bable prices of produco during the coming year, these are likely to rule low. All through the . present year tho prioo of wheat kopt up muoh bettor than was anticipated,'owing to the small ness of tho stocks on kand.m Melbourne, and the arrival of supplies from the neighbouring colo- nies and California sd stui.dily and so nearly ia Sroportion to our wants that the quantity of ? our or wheat in store did not increase during the i season. Now, however, that tbe harvest has aotually commenced in South Australia, and . there" is a certainty of more than an average crop of wheat, every vessel hitherward is freighted with flour, to reduce the stocks on hand there ; and vessels are arriving more rapidly from Cali- fornia, with flour, wheat, and oats from the surplus reaped in that part of the world : so that, altogether, we aro receiving from abroad just now more than at any former period of the year, and at tho time when such importations will havo most effect on prices. Oats wore reco- vering a little in value somo timo since, owing to the cessation of shipments from Europe and the discovery that much of those lonr stored were unfit for use, but this upward tendency has been checked, and can soaroely I be looked for again for a' while. In regard to articles of human food, the general progress of' agricultura and horticulture is to bo seen in the ' greater oheapness each year of both necessaries and luxuries, or rather suoh things as were but a short timo back so considered, in consequeac» of their scarcity and high price. Bread is not j now dear, and will soon be cheaper; while vege- tables of ali kinds are in great abundance, and selling at reasonable rates. Fruit, too, promises to bo so cheap this year that preparations are being made for preserving it on a large soale, to supersede tho English jams, low as thcso now are. Fresh butter was not long since 3s. per lb., and therefore an article of luxury to bo enjoyed by the few, whilo now it is selling at Is. Id. and Is. 2d, ; and many of our dairies have been so muoh improved, both as to buildings and ap- pliances, that much can be cured against the season of scarcity, and more can bo mado in the hot weather than over before. Fowls, too, ara becoming much moro abundant; and within, the reach of all ; while home-mado bacon has been hawked about lately in large quantity.at GJ. a pound. The farmers have little to do as yat with the supply or price of meat ; but the market lias been so overstocked of lato with fat cattle? and sheep that tho squatters aro again crying out for boiling-down establishments, and oortoinly at these a better minimum price can bo secured than h now to be calculated on from the butchers. Thus the cost of living is now low enough as far as food is concerned, and the public are gainers *t the prices which the farmers say do not pay thom. Still both these and tho gardeners keep on extending their operations, and but feiv »ppear to be serious losers thereby. , The spring shows aro now over, and exhibitors »ill have a period of restfor two or three months, tvhen thoso fixed for autumn will have to be at- tended.- At the 'triar'of mowing machines mtered for the Port Philip Farmers' Society's prizes, held the woek before last, by far the bes; york was done by a colonial mower and reaper node here by Robinson and Co. Tho allotted portion, two acres, was out in an hour and 20 ninutes, and without any distress to the horses, shile the other maobines competing, both OJ oma! and imported, took an hour longer, and did lot perform their work so well. This machine is a treat improvement in those hitherto produced.and josides being so good a mower, is also afirst-rati ?eaper, having a self-acting side delivery, which vas tried towards the end of last season and !ound to answer admirably. The Board of Agri- culture is about to onter on a now phase of its ixistonco, having just ohosen as its secretary an ildjoolon-it, who was for many years praotioally mgaged in agnoolturo and the management of itook. Science alone did not suit the farmers ind now it may possibly bo found that the other slemeut by itself is little better. We aro sorry 0 say that pleuro-pnoumonia is rapidly extending ¡brough tho oountry. From ita having brokjn mt already in.so¡many different places, and the fact hat several of theanimals destroyed wore working wUcKjks,consotutmgtheteatns n conveying goods to different places, it ia bow mt.tpo clear that a considerable number of cattle nil have to bo destroyed before the disease oan be eradicated._ '. THE WARIN NEW ZEALAND. ' BATTLE OF MAHOETAHI,-DBFBAT Off THE! ' WAIKATOS. ' We quote from the Taranaki Strata of the 10th inst. the following important news : 1 .Th'e most brilliant and dosperat'oly-ftontestoA' Zcalaud was fought on the 6th November, at j Mahoetahi. On ona side wero arrayed the Wai- I katos, resolved to win the day, and deluded with, ¡i the notion (since expressed by one of tho pri- ¡t soñera) that they had only to fire a few rounds to ,t accomplish this ; and on the other side our own f forces wore arrayed, equally resolved to conquer, J and allay the presumption of the enomy. Je The main body of the Waikatos lay ID a raup» t swamp, well concealed from observation, and |t another body occupied an entrenchment on the it crest of Mahoetahi Hill, in which woro soma p entrenched whares. The 65th detachment, whioh >\ had formed the advanced guard during the march p from town, now formed a line of skirmishers, f under Lieutenants BaiUo and Toker, at the base <) of tho hill, and extended towards their right, 'fl This body was commanded by Captain Turner. |e The Riflo Volunteers continued this extension j towards the left, under the direction of Major Herbert; and the 40th Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Leslie, were massed in columns, forming the reserve; while the detach- ment 12th Regiment, under Major Hutchins, which had formed the rear-guard during the march, now remained in charge of the baggage and spare ammunition, &c.; The detachment Royal Artillery, under Captain Strover and Lieutenant M'Naughten, rendered, as usual, important service. The wholo force was commanded by Major General Pratt, O.B., who, throughout the en- gagement, occupied a foremost place, and was much exposed to the hot and rapid fire of his determined enemy. The Waikatos commenced the action, by firing the first shots from an old entrenched position ia the crest of Mahoetahi Hill. This was quiokly j relumed by the skirmishers ; and after a short fire, the 65th and volunteers rushed up the hill and stormed that position. In performing this service they were exposed to heavy flanking fires ; but it was not until thoy had entered the entrenchments that thoy oxperiencod anyloss. Within that confined space a heavy fire from the entrenched whares laid low the gallant son of the Rev. H. H. Brown, a volunteer "not 16 years of age, and private F. Rooney, Light Company 65th Regiment, while further towards the loft Mr. Henry Edgcomb. aged 20, also of tho volun- teers, received his mortal wound. Here Cap- tain Turnor was struok in the face by a musket ball, and Colonel Sillery slightly wounded. A rush was now made on the whares, and the bayonet speedily silencod all further annoyance. This servioo was accom- plished by the 65th and the Rifle Volunteers. Some shells thrown into the raupo swamp caused tho Waikatos to quit their lairs, and now commonced the work of extermination, for a detachment of the 40th, under Major Nelson, and a company of tho 65th, under Lieutenant Talbot, from Waitara (the latter advancing in beautiful skirmishing order), came up from the north side of the hill, and the Light Company of the 65th, led on by Lieutenant Urquhart (then forming a flank guard), closing on their centre, together wilh a good show of Rifle Volunteers, the rebels were almost surrounded. Men dashed into the swamp, and a hand-to-han4_encounter followed, and the bayonet and the butt end of the rifle, when the bullet had missed, speedily convinced the brave enemy that the avenger was at hand. They commonced their retreat, still fighting with desperate valour, and in one of theso encounters private M'Givern met his fate, though! not before the enemy had felt tho'effects of his prowess. They gradually got in tho Huirangi road, followed by a part of the 65th, under Lieutenants Urquhart and Talbot, their retreat- ing steps marked by pools of blood, and a storm oE -hot and shells bursting over and among them. In their terror they threw away their arms and pouches, and any articles of clothing that im- peded their flight, and the pursuers followed ihom to near tho Waiongana River, when fatigue alone compelled them to desist, for the day had been intensely hot, without a breath of air. Tho mêlée in the swamp had been a succession of desperate hand-to-hand encounters, and many instances of courage were exhibited on both sides. When all but the dead and mortally wounded Waikatos had disappeared, a reconnoitring party, under Mujor-General Pratt, composed- of 12th, supported by 65th, proceeded to Ngatatpa rirua, and came in sight of a pa having a red flag flying, but it was speedily hauled down and a whito flag half-mast high succeeded it. The party then proceeded round by Puketakaure, and i hence returned to Mahoetahi. Ia the course of the afternoon, after having buried in one grave some 28 or 29 Waikatos, the maia, body returned to the town (having left a strong force to retain possession of the field of battle), laden with Maori spoils, in the shape of ^double-barrelled guns, orna- ments, shawls, &c;, many battered and bloody, proving they had not boon parted with willingly. On the force passing the town barrier, loud and continued cheers proved to them that their conduct was duly appreciated by their country- men. The natives wero, wo understand, allNgati hauas, a powerful tribe of Upper Waikato, ttiB same who sought to mako a disturbance oat of tho Maori found dead at Patumahoe. - It is rumoured that Wi Kingi watched the fight from a distance, hut offered no aid to his northern allio?. The Waikatos, wo may state, had just arrived in the diatnet, and woro not allowed" time to strengthen thd position they had taken up. The total loss of killed and wounded is reported by the friendly natives to bo 17. As ascertained by us, their loss is 42 killed ; wounded, 2 ; taken prisoner, 1 ; making a total of 45. ' CASUALTIES. KILLED. C5th Regiment.-W. M'Givern, F. Rooney. Volunteers.-F. Brown, H. Edgcomb. WOTJNDBD. Lioutouant-Colonel 0. Sillery, D.Q.M.G., slightly. 40th Regiment.-E. M'Kay, slightly. 65th Regiment.-Captain Turner, severely; Sergeant J. Knight, severely ; B. Bojhau, very severely; T. Coleman, severely; P. Connolly, severely ; li. Gibson, slightly ; D. M'Brierty, vory sovorely ; W. C. Ray, severoly ; R. Whitlow, severely ¡ G. Wilmot, vory severely ; J. Lalley, dangerously ; Cjrporal W. Roberts, slightly. Volunteoi-a.-J. Ward, slightly; R. Langman, slightly; W. Vercoe, slightly ; T. Veale, slightly. NATIVES KILLED. , Tai Porutu. Waranei, Hakopa (chiefs) ;Tamu, Ikaraikd, Hakopa, Honoriko, Wiriana, Hakopa, Wnuganui, Pan, Tamihana, HateWera, Hirene, Tamiaun, Warawara, Tamati, Horn! Aaranga, Wntewera. Fourteen dead, names not obtained. Three wounded in hospital. One in gaol. FURTHER PARTICULARS. The speoial correspondent of tha Nelson Ex~ aminei; writing from Taranaki on the 8th inst., says : " I am truly glad to have good nows this time ; the Waikatos, estimated at 400. under Wetini tai-porutu, a principal chief of tho powerful Ngatihaua tribe from the Thames, having been routed with great loss on the morning of the Cth instant It appears that on - the 5th a party of soldiers from Pukotakauero, whioh is now garrisoned by a force of 50 men, whilst en paged in bridging over a swamp near the Waiongona, wete attacked by natives under the Waikato chief Rewi, when one man of the 05th Regiment was wounded. The na- tives, besides wounded, had five or six; killed. Major Nelson und Captain Seymour R.N., communicated with the general by the Tasmanien Maid, and also the important informa- tion that a body of Waikatos had taken possession that day of Mahoçtahi pa-which formed Colonel Gold's haltiiig-pluco when the attack; on Puketa kauere nus mude. A combined attack was concerted foi- the following morning, and, at 4. a,m. of tho Cth, 700 men, including 120 militia and volunteers, with guns and rockets, loft town, and, on taking up their ground, made the attack at once. After some shells and rockets had been fired at the pa, the order for assault was given, this honour lulling to the 65th and militia and volunteer*, M.ijor Herbert commanding, the latter benn; thu first to enter the pa. Under a heavy lire ou both sides, the inside of the pa was contested inch by inch, and the Waikatos driven out after a severe struggle. At this time, Major Nelson arrived from waitara, and attaokod the natives on his side with his habitual gallantry. Tho attack was continued until the natives were in full retieat for Huirangi. " Nextto tho coinmandec-in-ohief. Major Nelson greatly distinguished himself. ' His orders are always cheerfully'obeyed, and his presenoe is equal to 50 meit in times of danger." THE BALLARAT RAILWAY. Of the two Government railways now in progress, that to Ballarat is by far the nearest completion. From Geelong West to Leth- bridge one line of rail is permanently com- pleted, and, indeed, except at certain inter- vals, it is continued nearly all the way to Ballarat, and locomotive engines, drawing ma- terial, run to and fro daily. The great viaduct at Moorabool is also in an advanced state. This work, for grandeur and admirable workmanship, will vie with very many of the greatest works in the world. The valley which is crossed is more than 110 feet below the level, and the viaduct will be rather more than a quarter of a mile in length. The piers and abutments are marvels of substantiality, the former, consisting of simple tapering columns measuring 25 x 15 feet at their base, and costing the large sum of £16,000 each. The iron girder bridge, which spans the valley,has arrived in part upon the ground, and the work of erection has commenced. The colonial contractor for fixing the girders speaks in very high terms of its quality. It was manufactured at Chippenham, by Messrs. Fairbairn and Sons. The remaining part of the masonry of the line has equal claims to admiration on the score of beauty and substan- tiality. At Lethbridge the railway passes through a bed of basalt rock, which has supplied the line with stone of a notably superior quality. The upper part of the line traverses some very fine forest scenery, which, as Ballarat is approached, is mingled with signs of ex- tensive cultivation. There is little doubt but that the railway will be in a fit state to be opened in July next, very great progress having been made since Messrs. Williams and Little took up the contract of Evans, Merry, and Co., some months since. Some dispute has arisen on Ballarat with respect to the site of the terminus there. It was originally fixed on Soldiers' Hill, which is situated on the rapidly- increasing and prosperous township of Ballarat, while the inha- bitants of the declining township on the flat made strenuous but, fortunately, abortive attempts to secure the adventitious advantage of the in- creased traffic for themselves. Government has decided to adhere to its original intention. The greatest novelty on the line is the adoption of an American patent for breaking, or, rather, smash- ing, stone metal. The machine has proved com- pletely successful, and, moreover, promises to give a new phase to our quartz- crushing mach- hinery. RAILWAYS. The works on the two great main trunk rail- way lines have progressed rapidly since we last had occasion to notice them. The Melbourne and Sandhurst line will be completed and ready for traffic very early in the coming year as far Woodend, or 50 miles from Melbourne. The Geelong and Ballarat line is being carried on with great despatch, and the entire length will be out of the contractors' hands in little more than six months. The portions of the Govern- ment lines in operation from Melbourne to Geelong, Williamstown, and Sunbury, are attracting a large proportion of the public traffic, and the steadiness with which the revenue is maintained gives assurance of the reproductive character which these great works will eventually present. A new branoh line, having its head terminus at the Melbourne end of the Sandhurst line, has been completed by private enterprise, and is now in full work. The project, when completed, will open up a fine agricultural country beyond the valley of the Plenty. The Melbourne and Suburban Railway have opened their line to Hawthorne in one direction, and their junction with the St. Kilda and Brighton Railway Com- pany's line will be in operation so soon as the Yarra Yarra is bridged across at Richmond. The Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company have just completed one of their half-yearly periods with the following, on the whole, favour- able statement of their affairs : - " The directors, in presentlng another half-yearly report of the affairs of the compsny, trust that it will be found satisfactory to the shareholders. " It will be seen by the statement of the number of passengers, including those to Brighton, and the amount of tonnage of merchandise carried over the line during tho past half-year, that the traffic will bear a favourable comparison with any corresponding period since the opening of the line ; and the balance available for division will admit of a dividend being; declared at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum, leaving a surplus of £717 2s. 5d. to be carried to the credit of the reserve fund. " The gross amount of traffic receipts is only £493 18s. 1d. less than the amount realized during the winter half of the past year ; and this deficiency is chiefly attrlbutable to the large reduction in the price of monthly tickets on the St.Kilda line, thereby diminishing the revenue without proportionately, as yet, increasing the traffic. From the profits are de- ducted the excess of expendlture over receipts for working the Brighton line, and a sum of £525 16s. 10d. in part repayment of the subsidy granted to the Brighton Company. These latter items are excep- tional ; and, as regards the former, it may be reason- ably expected that the same beneficial results will follow on the St. Kilda branch as on the Sandridge line, where the addition to the number of passengers has fully compensated for the reduction of fares. « Tho traolo from tho Brighton Uno has not add jd materially to tho receipts, though it is stoadily in- creasing. Arrangements aro boiug m\do by which tbo delay of the Brighton trains a*. Si. Kilda will hi considerably reduced, whon It is fully anticipated that pasBongors will bo conveyed from Brighton to Mai bourne via St. Kilda lu much less time than Is at present occupied, which will render it tho most oxpeii tions, in addition to its botng tho most pleasant, routs to town. Tho late trains roeontly introduce! on tint line havo given groat satisfaction to the Inhabitants of Brighton and other places upon tho lino, and aro supported beyond tho expectations of the directors. " With reference to tho goods trafilo, tho directors havo given their sorlous attention to the economizing; of labour, so as to admit of a reduction of charges ; and they havo it in contemplation to adopt tho im- provements made lately in the construction of railway trucks, by whioh they can bo rendered available fir use on ordinary roadä, and thus coiivay goods dlroot from tho ship's sido li to atoros. " Tho coal trafilo will also shortly bo comtnonood, two of tho gears at üolbourno station having basn leased to Mojsrs. Lamond and Mouritz, on torra i which tho directors expect will bo equally remunera- tivo tq the company and the lassoes, and, at tho samo time, effect a considerable saving lu Hie price of cnl to tue consumer. "Baths on an extensive scale aro in coarse of con- struction at Stndridgo, which tho directors have in doubt will add greatly co tho passenger trafilo durtu; the summer months. It has been arranged to Issue oath tickets at a chargo of Is., which will lnolude the ihre for tho bath and the railway chargo to and fro, two-thirds of which will be routined by the railway company. " Tho present pier accommodation being íná-fficloot for tho number of merchant VOBSOIJ desirous ot dis- charging their cargóos tlioro, and carrying out the coal trade efficiently, the directors entered into a con- tract with Mesara. Fortor and Kobortson to extend tho pier 800 feet, at a cost of £0,605 ISs. lOd , wnich whon completed will, it is'oxpectej, materially increase tho revenue of the company. " The dlrootors have opened a station of a temporary oharaotnr at Emerald Bill, for tho convenience ox passengors wishing to alight at the Butts daring the» summer months, which the extension of this flourish. Ing suburban distriot, and the Increase of traillo aris- ing therefrom, may ultimately Justify the making per. manent, "The directors contémplate proceeding' to erect a, permanont station at Molbouruo, as, at tho prosent rate of labour, tho cost will be moderato, and they con- sider that by the dolay whloh has alieady taken plajo, a very largo saving ot capital has been effected to the shareholders. " The directors havo latoly matlo considerable re- ductions ia tho expenditure, which will bo found to I influence largoly the futuro profits ot the company. " The engineer reports that tho whole of the llnoj are lu flrst-rato order, and a recent Inspection of the pier has shown that It resists successfully the attsoks of tho sea-worm, and may bo oxpeoted to last for nuny years to como without requiring any great expendi- ture upon it for repairs. " The wholo ol tho share capital of tho company Is now issued, and Its borrowing powers exhausted, and very noarly full dividends will bo paid out of the put half-year's prouts upon tho whola TUo full oxtont of liabilities from thoso sources aro now i cached, and tho directors feel confident that with the increado of ship, ping accommodation on tho extension of tho pier, the revonuo resulting from tho coal traffic, and tho la creased facilities for developing tbo passenger trade, tho receipts of tho Uno will hereafter stoadily increase, while the expenditure may bo oxpeoted to be di- minished. " Thero Is now standing to the crodit of the reserve fund tho sum of £23,807 8s. Od., which is unproduc- tive, aud the directors desire to take the opinion of the sharoholdorB as to tho propriety of investing this fund In the stock or debentures of the company, or any other security, from timo to time, as. may appear to them desirable." BTATBMBNT or CAPITAL ACCOUNT, 31sr OCTOBER, 1S3S Amount to Amount to , Bccelpts. 30th April, 81st Oct., Total. 1860. 1800. £ £ £ Original capital, £200,000, In \ ' £50 shares .. 200000 0 0 300COO 0 0 Additional do, £60,000,lndo. 60000 0 0 . 5O00O 0 0 Do-, £160,000, indo. 122730 0 0 23910 0 0 116670 0 0 Deben. Bonds, £100,000, each rf ' i £100.. 100000 0 0 lOiflOO 0 0 Transfer fees .. 25 7 0 .25; 7 0 Interest on ar- rears of calls Expondlturo. 890 7 6 - 800 <7 5 473145 U 6 ¡3011) 0 0 407085 H 5 ^ £ £ " £ Amount expen- ded as per statement for last half-year 868537 5 8 S68537 5 8 Advertising, , printing, ant stationery .. 47 8 C '47 8 9 Engineering . .-> 16 0 C 15 0 0 Law charges .. OU C 9 11 0 Works aceounl 5703 IO 1C 3763 10 10 Do., deviation Uno .. \-- 5110 I C1 IS 5 Boiling stock. - 8378 0 £ 8J78 0 8 S635S7 S £ 7205 11 f JS7580.17 a ST. KILDA EBAMCU. flAmount to Amount to Expenditure. 80th April, 1860. 81st Oct. I860. i Total. £ £ & ? Amount expon . dad as per statement foi last half-year 111069 2 4 llTo q 111080 8 « Engineering ,. - . U U 0 Works account ~~ 06 0 8' 660 8 111898'_ ij '.ftw'.öl rll»«"l"î Bunnan! Aocomra FOR 8IX MONTOS, ENDINO; OOTOBSK 81, I860. EXPENDITURE. To locomotive power .£5,802 8 * To coaoh traffic charges.3,958 17 O To repairs to stations . 750 4 3 To mercbandl-o oharges. 837 It 9 To police, gatemen, and pointsmen .. 1,812 O O To maintenance of way. 005 0 9 To general charges.2,242 0 ft Toaundries. 27 8 ft To balance.21,582 8 9 £11,038 0 S RECElriS. Bypassongcrs .£22,000 12 19 Byparcels. 274 10 S By merchandize.16,603 0 « By advertising . 16 17 ft By sundries.. .. . 255 0 9 By routs . 851 13 Z By transfer fees. 26 10 a £11,036 0 S To interest. .. £8,338 5 B To balance.21,213 13 « £21,582 3 » Bybalanco.£21,532 3 B To St. Kilda and Brighton Railway, ex- cess on working exponaos .. .. £000 12 IC Xo St. Kilda and Brighton Railway sub- sidy . 525 16 S To bataneo.20,027 0 8 £21,218 1S~* Bybalanco.. ...£21,213 18 « By balance.£20,027 9 3 GENERAL BALANCE SBBBT, AT OCTOBER Si, ISO). To receipts, as per capital statement.. £107,0S5 It 5 To sundry claims against the company 8,672 5 7 To reserved fund. 23,807 S 9 To calls due on shares. 8,330 O 9 To bataneo of revenuo account .. 20,027 O 2 £652,022 12 It By expenditure as per capital state- ment .£875,802 X7 « By expenditure St. Kilda branch .. 112,017 1 7 By sundry elaims duo to tho company 8,536 11 8 By cash in hand. 200 0 9 By stores, as per Inventory .. .. 17,507 0 9 -By English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bink . 80,002 0 4 By St. Kilda and Brighton Railway subBldy. 4,818 13 T By amount duo by shareholders .. 3,330 0 9 £552 023 12 Ü JOHN WAKEFIELD, Accountant. We hereby certify that wo havo examined the state .mont as above, and find it to bo corroct. SALI CLEVE, ) ..,.,,_ W.H.CitorrEit,j'AuaUorj' Melbourne, Novombor8,1800. The following is a statement of the trafilo re- turns of all the railway lines in operation in Victoria for the month of Ootober : .Government Line: .Molbournoand Hob-| son's Bay .Molbourno and Sub- urban St. Kilda and Brigh ton ,. ., Pos songors. £ s. d. ¡8210 8 10 |3015 11 8 ¡1017 14 0 Mer- chandize. £ s d. 1470 7 £ 8083 12 10 Total. £ s. d. 10002 10 I 0G09 1 1 1017 11 . 804 5 B| 0 1 lo| 870 7 * THE VOLUNTEERS. During tho past two months the volunteor movement has been rapidly progressing. Front 2,000 men, which the force numbered some three) months back, it has risen to about 4,000, and will continue to increase until it reaches 5,000, to whioh. the authorities intend limiting it for the present, although Parliament has authorized the enrol- ment of 10,000. Tho various branches oE tha Tegular army aro represented amongst the volun.» teers, the foi ce being divided into cavalry, artil- lery,! infantry, with a company of engineers, and also naval volunteers. The engineer corps, how» over, is hardly yet formed, somo delay having: taken place in the acceptance of its services by the Government. When the 5,000 or« enrolled, the numbers will he something; like this: -Cavalry, 600; artillory, 009r lilies, 3,450 ; naval volunteers, 250 ; and en- gineers, 100. Of these, about 3,300 will bo in Melbourne or the immediate neighbour- hood, 600 at tho ports on the seaboard and. Geelong, and the remainder at the largo centres of population in the interior. Thus, in addition, to the soldiers of Hor Majesty's army who may bo stationed hero, we shall have a very respeoi able force to resist any sudden attack that may bo made upon us by any power at war with tha mother oountry. Our great complaint, how- ever, at present is, that wo havo not arms for the men. Long ago. instructions wero sont home, together with £16,000, to purchase rifles ; and, although this sum would have been suffi ?cient to purchase between three and four thou- sand stand of excellent arms, only 600 rifles have as yet reached us, and they only arrived about live) weeks back. It is hoped, however, that a further and larger instalment will soon come to hand, for somo little feeling of dissatisfaction is nott being expressed, especially amongst the member* of the older companies, at the manner in whioh the arms are being distributed. Of course, 603 rifles would not go far amongst 3.000 men, and tho difficulty was how to divide them. The re* suit has beon, wo believe, that a few ham been, or are being, Bent to the different com? parties in the interior and the lately enrolled ones in the metropolitan neighbourhood, whilst a larger proportion is made over to oaofi of the old companies, but for these even the) rifles would only be sufficient in number for one to be givon to every third man, and the re- mainder must put up with the old " brown Bess." Meanwhile, however, the different corps, old ai -well as now, turn out generally three times m week for exercise, at 6 o'clock in tho morning, and go through the ordinary evolutions, and onoe a week several companies are concentrated toge- ther to go through battalion drill. As yet a feneral muster has not taken place, but on tho rd of December a grand parade of tho inetropa» litan and other corps is to bo held by tho Go- vernor, and it is anticipated that abaut 2,500 of all arms will be reviewed together. This will bo the largest force, we believe, ever mustered in the Australian colonies, and there is no doubt that any stranger who may ha on the ground will go away with a very favour- able impression of Victoria's volunteers. Tho review is to be a sort of finale to a grand shooting match which is to take place on Tuesday, Wednes- day, and Thursday next, the 27th, 28th, and 23tlt inst. Competition is extended to all persons who may enter themselves by this day, whethar thoy belong to the volunteer force or not, though the whole number of competitors is limited to 300. At first it was intended to fix the num- ber at 200, but so many more person« havo como forward desirous to compete, that the limit had to be extended. The first day's shooting will ba at 200 yards, the second at 400, and the third at 600, that being the extreme range to be shot at. At the two first ranges the competitor will bo obliged to make a certain number of points, viz.. four at 200 and three at 400, in order to qua- lify himself for taking hisBtandatthenextdistan»«, J?ive shots at eaeh range will be allowed to every rifleman. In expectation of the match there has been a great deal of excitement amongst the volunteers, and any quantity of ball cartridge has been expended at the different butts by enthusi- astic riflemen during the past three woek«. Since our last summary the garrison duties, which tho volunteers took upon themselves in Jane last to fulfil, in order to enable tha 40th to leave for New Zealand, havo come ta an end, about ISO of the regiment having; arrived from the depot in England, and these ara sufficient to perform all the guard mounting re- quired in Melbourne. On Har Majesty's troop« resuming their duty, a general order was issued, conveying the thanks of the Gevernor, and complimenting the volunteers in high terms foi their attention to garrison work during the five» months, and whioh many of them trad performat willingly and cheerfully, at great loss and incon- venience to themselves. AMUSEMENTS^ . The theatrical events of the month have boo* unusually varied and abundant, though we re- gret to say that the speculations of manager* ,hato not beon, in oil cases, so remunerative as could have been desired. On the 31st October, st complimentary benefit was given at the Theatre) .Royal to Mrs. Vickery, who, about 10 month* ago, met with a severe accident, which has sinoo .ruado it impossible for her to appear on the stage. The " Rivals" was performed on the occasion, and the patrqnago of His Excellency and Lady Barkly, whioh was very kindly accorded, led to » vory successful pecuniary result. Mr. J. Mua* gall took his benefit at the Princess's on tha 29ih October. On the 3rd November, Mr. H. Jackson made his lost appearance,1 and took his benefit at the Royal, and obtained a largo amount of support. Mrs. Charles Poole, one o£ our most deserving* adresses, had also a vory successful benefit on her secession from tho Theatre Royal company, on the 8th Novembor. She chose for the occasion the character of Lady Teazle, in whioh she appeared on the open- ing night of the Theatre Royal, in 1855. The announcement, that Messrs, Brooke and Edwards would appear as the Dromios ia tho "Comedy of Errors" created considerable curio- sity, but the ohaDgo of cast was not a fortunate) one, and the excitement died * away after the first ,night,- The. -.brothersa. Anjipholu* ~<" were played with spirit by Miss Fanny Young and Mrs. Winterbottom. Miss Avonia Jones, the young American tragedienno, who has re contly returned to Melbourne from Sydney, was now engaged at the Royal, under the impression -that the combination of her talonts with thoso of Mr. Brooko and the novelties promised would lead to a large improvement in the state of the treasury. Miss Jones appeared in the " Lady of Lyons" on the 10th of November, and on tho following Monday "Measure for Mea- sure" was produced, for the first time, to a moderately-attended house. The great difficul- ties of the piece, and the necessarily brief oppor- tunities for study, proved too much for tho per- formers, and, notwithstanding the decided success of Miss Jones herself, in the character of Isabella, the play had to be withdrawn after the fourth night. _ The next production was " Love's Sacrifice, wbioh has since been followed by "The Hunchback," " Macbeth," and " Philip of france" (now performing).' The opening of Cremorne Gardens, and the novelty of an Ame- rican troupe, composed entirely of children, per- forming at the Princess's, together with the heat of the weather, and other circumstanoes, combined to disappoint the hopes of the management, though it is just possible that "Philip of Franco" may turn the soalo. Miss Jones may bo fairly described as an aotress of unusual power, but wanting as yet in finish. Her Lady Macbeth and Julia liavo been her two great successes. At tho . Princess's Theatre, a troupe of juvenile Ame- rican comedians havo made their appear- ance, undor the care of Mr. G. W. Marah. They aro about 30 in number, tho majority being girls, and perform with considerable ability, drawing very full houses. Master Marsh is the j comedian par excellence of tho company, and ia the character of Toodlei has made a perfect sen- sation. The troupe como from California, and are travelling round the world with a com- plete establishment. They ultimately intend to visit London. Cremorne Gardens opened on the 12th instant, the first six nights being speoially devoted to the annual per- formances of the Hon. G. Coppin, M.L.C, who devotos the proceeds towards separate funds, one for the establishment of an asylum tor deaf, dumb, and blind persons, and the other for tho erection of n college for the benefit of de- cayed actors. The comedy of tho " Overland Houte" was one of the pieces in whioh Mc. Coppin appeared, as Mr. Loribond. His other j characters were Risk, in "Lovo Laughs at Look smiths," and Frederick of Prussia. Mr. Hos- kins, a well-known comedian, and manager of one -of the Ballarat theatres, appeared as Tom Dexter, in the "Overland Routo," Miss Julia Matthews performing Mrs. Sebnght. The Cre- morne company is strong, comprising, in addi- tion to the abovo (Mr. Hoskins oxcepted), the jiames of Mr. and Mrs. Greville, Mr. Rogers, .Mrs. Ray, Mr. Ireland, Miss Roso Edouin, ¿so. Tho ballet company includes Maddle. Thereso | and M. Schmidt. The gardens are now open at the uniform pike of Is., and aro very largely patronized. M. Coulon's project for the intro- duction of a now Italian opera company from Europe is progressing slowly, and he hopes to io ablo to depart by the December mail. All the j theatres aro pieparing for Ohristmas. The Philharmonic Society is rehearsing the "Messiah" fur the annual peiformance on Christmas Eve. There is a prospect of the formation, at an early cay, of the nucleus of a society which, under the title of tho Melbourne Academy of Musio, will give six or eight concerts of classical musio in the course of the year, and endeavour to pro- mote the cultivation of the art generally by means of publio prizes, &o.; The first concert u expected to bo given in the first week in January next. The annual gathering of the Caledonian Society is now close at hand ; the prizes are many I and diversified, so that our athletes will have the opportunity of earning distinotion in any or all I ot the manly games popular amongst the hardy j sons of Scotland. SPORTING. Since our last notice of tho state of raoing matters in the colony, our spring season has com- menced in earnest, and the two metropolitan racing clubs have had each one of the most suc- cessful meetings over hold here. The Victoria | Jockey Club had their three dajs tryst on tho 20th, 20th, and 27th of October. On this oooa fiion the two- year-olds who made their début were better than we remember in any former year, and gave good promise of future excellence. The young horses both of this and tho preceding year are evidently a striking improvement on those of [ earlior day. in Victoria. This opinion was con- firmed by the running in the Victoria Turf Club Meeting, held on the 15th, 16th, and 17th inst. The comparatively recent importation of sites of high olass has begun to tell upon tho quality of our thoroughbred stock, and -we may expect further important improvements, when mares by such horses as High Sheriff, Boiardo, Kelpie, Warhawk, Peeping Tom, Slug- gard, Abdallah, Worcester, Vvaverloy, Peter Wilkins, aud Indian Warrior aro found in tha . breeding-studs of tho colony. Dolo and Premier, who have now been for some dozen or more years in the colony, still, however, maintain their repu- tations, aud will continue to command good sea- sons while their running stock is of the quality of , Flying Jib, perhaps the best four-year-old, and Dauntless, almost the best three-year-old, in Vic- toria. A daughter of High Sheriff, himself a ] .grandson of the celebrated Venison, hat proved herself the best two year-old out thU year ; but on her second publio essay, at- tempting to give 81b., besides her sex's allow- ance, to a sloshing son of old Premier, sho suffered a defeat. The champion oolt of 1859, Flying Buck, has been hors de combat for two .months, since his return from Sydney. A meeting of tho Buck with the Flying Jib and Buzzard I .may be expeotod in one of the coming autumn meetings, and would create gieat interest. Tho turf of the colony has lately reeeived a valuablo , accession in Mr. Hurtle Fisher, from South Aus- tralia, who has brought horca fino mare, Stormy , Petrel, four years, by uHuscovado, the winner of the Turf Club Town Plate. Mr. Fisher is about to biing here some first-class animals from the sister colony, and we believe Victoria will receive his recent purchases in England, including the : renowned Fisherman, and several of the late Lord Londcsborough's most valuable brood ! mares. Altogethei, the prospects of the Victorian turf were never more bi lilian t than at this time. So far as Melbourne is especially concerned, the' | recent removal of thot Grand Stand to a part of the course whore protèotion is afforded against " hot winds and dust, and the erection of a building | ~ whero the ariangemonts are almost perfeot in respect to tho comfort and accommodation of tho visitors, with improved approaches from the ' road to the oourse,-all combine to render the Melbourne grouud the most commodious and beautiful racecourse to be seen out of England. The spirit of progress appears also to animate the ruling powers ot both the Melbourne clubs j the old-fashioned aristocratic Turf Club achieved their recent success through having followed in the steps of the Jookoy Club, and modernized their programme. One only drawback appears to haunt the successful career of our sporting, , and that is, tho extraordinary influence whioh some two or .three individuals possess in turf ¡ councils, which enables them to set aside in their i own favour both laws and oustoms, wherever these clash with their interests or friendships. : (Still, in spite of this, whioh is occasionally an ugly drawback, our racing affairs are progressing , towards the adoption of the English model in all substantial« ; and the desire to keep up Eng- lish turf traditions may be judged, inter alia, from the fact that the Jockey Club has this y oar announced the commencement of an annual all Aged Champion Race (the first to be run in 1861), for which they have plagiarised the name of a .Newmarket three-year-old events-" The TffO Thousand Guineas." This promises to bo a great speculative race. Books to a large amount nava now been opened for weeks, and some 20 or 30 .horses have already been booked. The provincial Tace meetings will now exclusively ocoupy the ' ¡i attention of the sporting publio until February, when the Bummer meeting of the Victoria Jockey < Club will beheld. ' CRICKET. The 'excitement relative to tho visit of tha All England Eleven still continues; and, al 1 though muoh has not transpired concerning j .the action of the committee, a desire unani« I tnously prevails that we should have an oppor i tunity of welcoming on our colonial " Lord's " tho | men who gained such laurels in their Trans- atlantic battles. Arrangements are now being ' made for our sixth inter-colonial match with'tho sister colony of New South Wales. As yet tho j balance is in favour of Victoria, but there is na doubt the forthcoming contest will prove a severa trial to both elevens. -In all probability, some of our young players will be called upon this year _ to maintain the prestige of the school in which they have-been trained,- and to whioU tbey promise to do credit ; and there is every " desire on the part of our professional men to , bring forward their pupils. The "Colts,'*'as they are termed, have already displayed muoh good play in matches, in which they have boon pitted against the elder members of the suburban clubs, 1 and, by their play, have shown that they aro not only attentive to bowling and batting, but to tbat most requisito item in a good cnoketer fielding. It is in this respect that the Victorian players appear to least advantage; and there is ' no doubt that the example shown them by the ? «eat eleven, should they visit us, will inoito . them to pay greater attention to this important feature in a great match. , i t '? ¡ '.. COMMERCIAL. The dulncss, unusual during this season of the. year, which provailed throughout October in all branches of commercial pursuits, has given way to » healthier state of things. The first cause of this improvement in trade may bo traced to the delivery of the English September mails, with advices of decreasing shipments from 'British ports, and of caution steadily growing among these engaged in Anglo-Australian com- merce On this Bide, trade is every day becoming more direct and sound. There ii vory little speculation afloat. Money has toen occasionally tight, hut without leading to any disarrangement. The quarterly averages of the nine banks trading in this colony have beonpub 1-hcil for the third quarter of the year. Sub . ¡ned is a statement of the aggregate averages of tho liabilities and asBets, capital and profits, oom pih.d 'from the weekly statements, issued in nccoidnnco with the Act of Council, 4 Viotoria, No. 13. The liabilities and assets represent intns.aotion8 in this colony only. The last threa items include the capital, profit-", and dividends, vi all the branches of tho several establishments. The average of the last half-yearly dividend] declared was at tho rate of 11¡¡ per cent, on tho ent're capital invested in eight or the banks. The Nnliouul Bauk of Australasia has not yet yielded a dividend. Hotos in circulation.£1,831,636 Bills in circulation. 60,471 Balances duo toother bank«.. .. .. 159,081 Seportts not bearlug Interest .. ,, 2,810,103 Douosita bearing interest.4,772,073 Total amount of liabilities.0,661,061 Coin .2,008,317 Bullion and bars . 753,183 Iiindcd property . 481,003 Motes a-id bills of other banks .. .. 183,401 BilanciB duo from other banks .. .. 160,723 Covornmont securities . 11,850 Dobla duo to tho banks, including notes, bills of oxchango, and all Btock and luudtd debts, oxcopt notes, bills, and balances duo from othor banks .. .. 0,232,157 Totti amount of astots .12,863,766 ¿mount of capltil stock paid up .. ,. 6,186,718 amount of last dividends doclared.. .. 413,531 Amount of reserved profits.1,243,232 .As compared with the previous quarter, these returns show a^decrease in notes in circulation of ¿74,160; a decrease in bills in circulation of £10,706 ; an increase in deposits not bearing in- terest of £1,433,909; a decrease in deposits bearing interest of £864,125; an increase ia total liabilities of £476,676 ; an increase in coin, of £198,657; an increase in bullion of £70,959; an incienso in landed property of £12,583 ; a decrease in Government securities of £17,723 ; nn ¡noi ease in debts due to the banks of £128,613 ; and an increase in total assets of £299,698. Ia the following table the aggregate averages of tho nine banks aro given for eight quarters, for the purpose of affording a fuller comparison. In this caso, also, the last three refer to the entire capital accounts of the institutions; ,tho re- mainder f o transactions within the colony : Notes in circulation Bills, do. Deposits, not bearing in- terest . Do., bearing interest Total liabilities .. Coin . Bullion. Landed property.. Government securities .. Debts due to bonks Total assets Paid-up capital Amount of last dividend Bescrvod prouts .. 4th 'Ist 2nd 3rd 4th Quarter, Quarter, Quarter, Quarter, Quarter, 1858. 1859. 1859. 1859. 1859. £ £ £ £ _» 2,005,697 1,952,103 1,918,801 1,932,553 2,003,906 81,012 70,233 50,711 65,652 66,487 1,306,600 1,601,884 1,429,442 1,460,317 1,625,377 4,601,515 4,611,510 4,002,678 4,033,940 4,085,744 8,211,651 8,457,691 8,536,442 8,861,762 8,867,298 2,171,188 2,307,032 2,303,490 1,815,818 1,755,071 521,211 413,661 462,848 480,922 632,913 803,351 413,932 425,168 436,811 451,690 158,038 38,450 10,352 31.162 20,209 8,153,678 8,361,732 8,710,791 9,3S8,694 9,400,450 11,851,358 12,033,707 12,293,434 12,588,407 12,746,285 5,602,594 6,797,611 6,853,134 5,861,437 6,074,630 850,802 388,625 391,825 379,825 351,025 1,200,085 1,231,832 1,232,012 1,265,611 1,276,106 £ 1,017,352 70,216 1,421,213 5,432,982 9,096,197 1,819,733 628,256 459,370 22,429 9,016,803 12,663,324 6,001 590 360,625 1,803,325 £ 1,005,846 71,177 1,406,254 5,637,103 0,183,388 1,867,690 632,224 468,4->5 29,573 0,103,544 12,664,068 \- 6,097,074 4*3,581 1,252,633 In the following table the averages aro given separately for the third quarters of this year and its predocessor : BANK OF AUSTRALASIA. Third Quarters. 1859\. 1860. Notes In circulation .. .. £408,814 £330,671 Billa lu circulation .. .. 16,268 12,005 Deposils,notboaring interest 878,870 139,4)0 Do, bealing Interost .. 051,280 091,417 Total liabilities .. .. 1,743,881 1,826,698 Coin. 614,281 855,249 Bullion. 77,912 107,007 landed property .. .. 79,000 89,001 Debts duo to tho bank .. 1,416,501 1,450,177 Total assets ., .. .. 2,118,802 2,027,192 BANK OF VICTORIA. NotCB in circulation .. .. £395,740 £302,416 Bills in circulation .. .. 12,021 10,795 Deposlts.uot hearing Interest 488,898 016,191 Bo., bearing Interest.. .. 715,008 761,805 Total liabilities .1,784,577, 1,845,861 Com. 233,908 837,421 Bullion. 102,022 263,451 Government securities .. , 11,878 - landed property .. .. 81,186 87,401 Debts duo to tho bank .. ,1,739,541 * 1,862,91 S Total assets. 2,309,172 2,399,711 DA1.K OF NEW SOUTH WALES/ Notes hi circulation .. .. £806,801' £262,837 Bills In circulation .. .. 332 < 553 Doposits not bearing interest 812,315, 433,312 Bo bearing interest .. .." £28,659 636,887 Total liabilities .. .. 1,209,505 1,852,632 Coin. 269,872 299,812 Bullion. 100,176 85,974 Oo> eminent securities .. 19,283 11,850 landed property ., .. 49; 167 64,002 Debts duo to the bank .. 1,881,716 1,288,412 Total assets. 1,849,146 1,762,023 UNION BASS OF AUSTRALIA. , Notes In circulation .. .. £202,857 £225,827 Bills in chculatlon .. .. 22,401 16,611 Deposits, not bearing Interest 198,762 , 769,231 Do., boaring interest.. .. 781,786 291,291 Total liabilities .. .. 1,268,857 1,292,897 Coln. 296,357 , 817,191 Bullion. 72,809 63,567 landed property .. .. 69,072 69,783 Debts due to the bank .. 1,660,257 1,291,124 Uolal assets. 2,000,863 1,782,833 COLONIAL BAHR OF AUSTRALASIA. Notes lu circulation.. .. £147,052 £119,001 Bills in circulation .. .. 2,470 2,101 Deposits, bearing interost .. 030,939 671,823 Do ,not bearing Interest .. - 218,099 Total UabLUUes .. .. 800,472 1,033,218 Coin. 127,850 278,566 Bullion. 14,620 9,32! landed proporty .. .. 89,700 , 11,782 Dobts duo to tho bank .. 871,016 1,017,896 Total assets. 1,282,728 1,422,017 ORIENTAL BANE CORPORATION. Notes in circulation .. .. £140,815 , £217,702 Bills lu circulation .. .. 6,416 - 6,851 Deposits, not boaring interest 784 86,619 Do, bearing Interest.. .. 677,788, 607,393 Total liabilities .. .. 785,555, 921,510 Coln. 113,406 , 192,253 Bullion. 61,801 117,706 landed proporty .. .,, 62,000 ! 40,09) DoHs duo to tho bank ..' 871,687 ' 1,020,079 Total assets. 1,111,022 1,891,873 LONDON CHARTERED BANU OF AUSTRALIA. Notes in circulation .. .. £127,631 j £163,557 Bills in circulation .. .. 8,890 , 3,933 Deposits, bearing Interest.. 893,060 615,533 Do , not bearing Interest .. - 89,121 Total liabilities .. .. 631,030 . 777,931 Coin. 110,458 " 193,521 Bullion. 28,661 47,617 lauded proporty .. .. 46,790 i '65,531 Debts due to the bank .. e36,892 «5,813 Total ossots. 1,080,793 ,, 1,271,093 EtiOliISU, SCOTTISH", AND ATJ8TBAUAK CHABTBKIS BANS, Notes In circulation .. .. £58,009 £41,095 Deposits, boaring interest .. 260,121 , 213,531 Do., not bearing Interest -.. ' -' ' 10,9)1 Total liabilities .. .. 316,301 i 833,701 Coln.' .. , 78,672 , 44.017 Bullion. 15,854 36,760 landed property .. .. 27,147 -i 27,117 Debt« due to the bank .. 843,109. 277,015 Total assets. 470,095 396,012 NATIONAL BASE OF AUSTRALASIA, Notes in circulation .. .£84,432 £99,473 Bills lu circulation .. .. 2,881 J ' 7.81S Deposit«, not bearing interest 80,065. 102,013 Do., bearing interest .. 83,868 47,185 < ToUlSUablUttes .. ,. 801,200 -.''275,045 Coin. KMU i, 43.27Í Bullion . 19,518 13,7)7 lauded property .. .. " 1,850 <\- «,M3 Debts due to the bank .. 267,988 , i J15.14Í Total assets . 306,087 ( 416,381 i At the half-yearly general i meeting, of the j' shareholders in the National Bank of Australasia, fe held on the 7th Instant, it was determined to Ti ? write off the losses which havo been sustained by 'this hitherto unfortunate institution. The total losses are estimated at £66,937, less the suda of £14,651, standing to the orcdit of the profit and loss account. This loss is equal to 16s. each on Victorian shares, with £4 paid up ; and to 12s. caoh on Adelaide shares, with £3 poid up. The chairman, Mr. John Mackenzie, in recommending this course to the proprietary, gave a plain, itr.iightforward ¿tatomont of the present position of ailairs, full of promise for the future of the establishment. The yield of the gold-fiolds has increased durin ; the month, and the comparative abundanoo o; water on tho older gold-fields gi vos promise al full returns for the remainder of the year, ail for the opening of 1861. Tho increased pro- duction has been readily absorbed by the doman I for shipment. The banks have beon ready buyers at prices based on from £3 14s. 3d. to ËJ 14s. 6d. per ounce for standard gold, delivered at Melbourne. This, added to the export duty of 23. Cd. per ounce, brings the cost on board ship to from £3 16s. 9d. to £3 17s,, exclusive uf charges., Tho brokers quote rates at-Fo. Omeo, 68s. to 71s. Gd.; Pleasant Creek aul Goulburn, 74s. to 76s. ; Sandhurst and Castle- maine, 75s. to 76s.} Maryborough, Dunolly, Avoca, Amherst, Fiery Creek, and Ararat, 76s. 6d. to 77s. 6d.; Ovons and Yackandandah, 76s. 6d. to 78s. 6d. ; Ballarat, 77s. 6d. to 78s. (id. per ounce. In the following table, the quantities brought into Melbourne by the escorts from all tho gold- fields aro given separately for three months, ending Ibis evening. In tho last column will be found the totals for the corresponding periods of 1859 : 1860. 1 a .§ *3 1 g -D2 3 O O ?o & | .Se 3 a J « I - a o .d o § "a c M 1 -a g i 1 1 o J? c 1-4 "3 i I o § .3 O & M 3 s i 1 ¿3 £ 5 1 O 1 i 5 -s 3 si 1 ai o 1 c3 -( o | Sept. 1 Sept 8 Sept. 15 Sept 22 Sept 29 Oct. 8 Oct. 13 Oot. 20 Oct. 27 Nov 3 Nov. 10 Nov. 17 Nov. 23 5120 3091 3933 4690 3906 3754 3459 4658 3395 3728 6307 5684 4772 1 3012 6378 \- 7762 1005 6692 \- 6531 2758 8935 \- ,6241 8515603 \- 16026 3582 3030 \- (6695 2005 8022 \- 78'i5 1490 7656 890 816 1502 1133 1141 1030 778 1284 850 1092 810 970 745 170 237 230 373 353 233 321 301 437 1711 1421 1758 1544 1774 1336 1188 2375 9*4 1025 m<> 2353 1730 4060 3927 2992 2327 2670 2836 3224 5317 0141 4993 5222 4521 6066 4396 5902 5579 4370 3428 5764 4618 2292 2595 2444 1490 2453 2761 2614 1279 1340 1138 1223 956 1533 1014 8156 3684 5205 3831 7566 3012 3650 6769 4633 4700 5186 5459 4309 6400 477 387 714 23 1020 4755 2104 1347 1582 2064 1476 1803 2018 1 2063\. 0S7 5593 1510 4130 1069 4073 586 2444 1703 4059 1031 3460 9S1 986 592 768 683 966 1118 852 210 2 99 189 £38 449 257 402 633 483 5434 5063 6587 5024 4860 3921 633 737 753 763 904 934 1369 890 1485 830 132S 816 1491 872 1040 230 3767 981 4491 3099 2S50 47S1 2852 36S2 45,611 33,441 45,715 30,340 48,049 31,194 33 076 32,763 43,499 82,387 46,013 33,745 47,215' 51,807 38,480 53,165 42,261 42,649 34,939 47,961 34,983 49,fi83 32,080 41,867 37,331 008,018 542,735 The escorts for the week have brought down 47,215oz., against 45,626oz. for the corresponding week of last year. In the following table the separate items aro given for both periods, side by side, together with the totals for tho years up to date : Name ol Gold Mold. 1380. 1859. Castlemal-io .. Sandhurst .. Maryborough. Amherst Back Crook 'Inglewood "Oreswlek »Beechworth .. »Buckland * Yackandandah ., «Heathcote »Buihworth _. Previo is escorts Totals fir tho yoirs.. oz. dwt, 4,772 10 1,489 10 7,050 0 715 10 4S0 10 1,780 10 8,221 0 3,010 10 4,018 10 2.013 10 1.014 0 0,400 10 764 10 2,018 0 8,109 10 Oil 10 852 0 180 0 oz. dwt. 8,889 10 8,653 0 ? 001 0 5,207 10 2,432 0 6.432 10 2,145 10 1,634 10 6,102 0 633 10 1,783 0 5,859 0 1,802 -2 781 10 812 10 47,215 0 1,770,111 5 46,023 0 1,085,753 10 1,823,320 6 2,011,884 10 The returns marked*.aro fortuightly, the others weokly. It will be seen from thcso tables that the comparison of the year's production with that of its predecessor has touohed tho least favourable point. With the supplies of water at present available, it may be safely predicted that the average weekly escort return of the current quar- ter will be considerably in excess of that of the last quartor of 1859. Subjoined is a table show- ing tho weekly averages for the several quarte» hinco the beginning of 1857 : ?Weekly Average 1857. oz. 1858. oz. 1860. oz. ' 1ÜUJ. oz First quartor .. Second quartor .. 43,310 41,025 41,932 30,311 41,408 45,290 44,417 39,517 Third quartor . 61,310 43,235 44,623 40,201 Fourth quartor.. 53,011 43,917 89,034 The shipments during last week were as follow :- ' oz. By tho Strathdon, for london .. .. 49,010 By the Essex, for London .. .. 14,815 By the Guiding Star, for Oalcutti .. 2,512 By tho Wonga Wong«, for Syduey .. 4,020 Previous shipments, corrected by com- parison with tho ontrios paäsod at the Customs.1,823,771 1.899Í221 Or 79 tons 2cwt. 2qr. 181b. 8oz. troy, of the value, at £4 per ounce, of £7,596,896. Up to the corresponding dato of last year, the snipments amounted to 2,044,581oz, or 85 tons 3owt. 3ir. 61b. 9oz., of the value, at the Bamo rate, of £8,178,324. The following is a list of the gold ships whioh have sailod since the 1st of October : Date of Ship. Destination. Ounces. Sailing. Oct. 5 Beverley .. Oaloutta.. 4,383 » 8 Kangatlra Syduoy .. 7,133 " 15 Wonga Wonga . Sydney .. 5,1)0 " 10 Roxburgh Castle Lyndon .. 41,701 .. 17 Bonaventura ?ong Kong .. 11,433 " 21 Groat Britain ,. Liverpool 118,53) .. 27 Fides Hong Kong .. 8,019 " 27 Behar Gallo .. 1072) NOV. a WoUesloy .. London 82,851 " 16 Strathdon London 49,019 " 16 Guiding Star Oaloutta.. 2,510 " li Wonga Wonga .. Syduey .. 4,02 J ., 17 Essex Champion of the Loudon.. 14,315 » « Seas Liverpool 9,151 Beyond the banking returns, already gives above, there is very little news to report ia the money market. Bates outside the banks ara nominal at from 8 to 10 per cent. The bank rates of discount romain at-for two months' bills, T per cent, per annum ; for throe months', S per cent. ; for four months', 9 per cent ; for over four months', 10 per oent. ; for cash credits, 10 fer cent. ; for overdrawn accounts, 12 per oent. nterest is allowed on time deposits at the follow- ing rates :-For deposits, at 30 days' notice, fro» 1^ to 2 per cent, per annum ; at three months' notice, from 2 to 2. per cent. ; at B'IX months' notice, from 4 to 4. per cent. The selling rates of exchange on England are quoted at par for 60 days' sight for large amounts, and 1 per cent, premium for 30 days' sight for bills under £50. Freight on gold by sailing vessels is from 2d. to 3d. per ounce, deli- vered in London ; insurance, 1. per oent. By the overland route, the freight to the Bank of Eng- land, moulding insurance and transit duty, is 2 per cent. ; exclusive of insurance, 1 per oent. The share- market has been an iuaotive ono during the month. There has been no desire to invest, even at the low prices to whioh the ma- jority of our local joint-stock enterprises have fallen. Trade has been undoubtedly better this month. Tho shipments advised by the last two or three mails have given indications of greater oaution ia the home market generally. Still, however, the stocks at all Australian ports are very large, aal continue to weigh heavily on the various mar- kets-in Melbourne the less so, because it is bs coraing yearby jeat more-of a central deni', from which othor markets are replenished. ,Tlu ' subject of tares upon imported merchandize was (taken into consideration at a special general, meeting, convened for tho purpose, at the Cham- ber of Oommerco, on tho 19th inst. Particular allusion v. as made to the losses sustainod by re- tailers when purchasing butter, the taro on eatsh firkin varying from 201b. to 401b., although that allowed by the trade was only 141b. A reso- lution was brought up by Mr. Rolfe, on behalf of the Trades' Association, that tbo chamber should enforce a regulation, that on and after December 1 only actual weight of tare should bo roooj nixed. Great opposition was shown to this ; and after a discussion of nearly two hours, an amend- ment was carried by Mr. Lord, to tho effect " th\t the remedy rests with the_ purchasers." _ Tas great and growing evil of dishonest packing m one which threatens to interfere greatly with commerco all over the world. The system doe] not admit of much further extension. The ex- tent to which it is at present carried out is, it is to be hoped, but premonitory of tho establish- ment of a universal system of weights and uni sures, which has been so frequently agUatel during the last 20 years, but towards whioh so few direct steps havo been taken. The export market has been active. Large shipments of wool have been made. A brisk de- mand set in soon after the delivery of the Eng- lish September mails, and tho publio sales have been well sustained. The clip is pronounced on all sides to be vory much abovo the avorago in condition. Buyers for the continent of Europa have competed with buyers for the home market, and for the bright descriptions of combing tin biddings havo been very spirited. - In our market report, in another column, will bo found tin later reports, and particulars of last Wednesday's Eales. The Customs leturns for tho Port of Melbourne give the imports for the week ending the 17th inst. at tho declared valuo of £149,244, and til j exports at £260,307 ; the balauco being in favour of the latter to the sum of £111,063. Tin balance of imports over exports for, tho ourrent year now stands at £2,169,396. In tho following table the declared vulues of both imports and ex- ports are given weekly for the current year and its predecessor : Wook ending Imports. Exports. 1859. I860. 1869. 1860. Jui. 7 £ 227,607 & 111,793 88,484 & 185,822 " 14 200,810 872,342 126,323 167,183 » 21 208,899 222,881 287,623 102,631 " 28 Feb. 4 230,216 680,180 803,905 872,839 440,295 176,010 260,212 116,127 ,. u 174,843 104,644 878,720' 247,103 " l8 873,137 156.888 128,084 174,613 .. 25 265,416 134,005 286,479 439,192 March 8 420,017 102,644 238,246 299,230 " 10 211,853 834,814 269,118 209,791 " W 211,473 287,927 106,235 205,53 i i. 24 132,754 881,801 201,817 173,271 ., 81 632,010 201.930 166,583 183,023 April 7 475,668 105,071 £52,625 220.03J » « 209,395 421,484 274,418 134,031 " 21 174,088 821,224 120,695 180,0» " 28 180,133 160,179 899,000 813,93) May 6 237,000 470,045 61,501 40,63} " 12 212,859 459,491 878,397 267,431 " 19 818,646 177,780 258,241 437,933 " 20 103,734 242,010 242,010 190,101 June 2 800,118 153,231 172,835 83,715 » 0 850 849 83,482 180,6!)7i 259,151 " 10 2Í8.208 206,821 680,720 261,8.14 " 23 116,716 215,602 812,218 281,216 " 80 221,654 81)6,177 194,400 71,492 July 7 282,871 280,030 879,445 134,370 l, I* 464,824 243,881 230,059 275,122 » 21 299,388 125,923 830,051 63,913 » 28 701,352 85,311 232 513 301,923 Aug. 4 214 420 110,441 251,622 09,871 .> 11 344,717 93,877 09,874 810,338 " l8 241,066 617,011 321,834 60,310 ,. 26 237,122 229,208 897,673 001,017 Sept. 1 400,001 03,608 44,103 139,830 >. 8 120,fc69 269,740 280,406 78,730 " 15 240,810 649,783 330,043 312,774 t 22 115,088 817,730 87,000 17,011 i, 20 228,205 243,078 880,105 191,762 Oct. 0 400,770 277.ni! 33,863 65,434 " 1.1 T(1I,IK« I'll.'fit 219,826 383,712 » -0 135 (KO -.0 '.!>*) 1 206.789 826,133 ., 27 247,7'.l 176.5U0 129.800 881,163 Kov. 8 105,4 !9 230,031 847,719 189,732 ., 10 632,010 283,408 2(15,500 209,815 .> 17 121,003 149,244 287,446. U.520,004 260,807 12,783.678 12,640 067 10,670,701 In tho first porlod the account stood thus : Imports.£12,783,078 Exports.11,620,904 Balança of imports over exports ..£1,262,774 In the second porlod : Imports. Exports.. .. . .£12,646,057 ,. 10,670,791 Balance of Imports over oxports .. £2,009,200 The following is a statement of tho stooki of all dutiable articles in bond on tho 20th instant:-Brandy, 7,750 hhd. 79,415 cases ; rum, 3,295} hhd. 103 cases ; geneva, 105} hhd. 30,992}" oases; whiskey, 1,409j hhd. 62,996 cases: old tom, 1,074 hhd. 15,061 cases; cordials, 4,220 casos; spirits' of wine, 134} hhd.; other spirits, 1,142} hhd. 5,695 cases; wine, 3,210} hhd. 36,374 cases; beer, 6,108 hhd. 2,538 cases and casks; tobacco,517 hhd., 2,084 bales, 458} tierces, 8,309 f-boxes, 8,145 cases and boxes ; uigars, 920 cases ; snuff. U^L-Zi/ bOOCa IHIU UVAGO , u.Koin, (J_W VMOD , ouuu, C7 packages; tea, 7,977} chests; coffee,4,323 bags 337 barrels; sugar (raw), 72,499 bags bj 452 packages ; molasses, 360 hhd. ; chicory, 421 packages ; opium, 39 chests 97 packages. The following goods were bonded from the 20th October to the J 7th November :-Brandy, 404 hhd. 2,382 coses; rum. 675 hhd.; geneva, 21,555 cases ; whiskey, 46 hhd. 67 casos ; old tom, 1,500 cases ; coi dials, 73 cases ; other spirits, 147 hhd. 11 cases ; wine, 399 hhd. 1,042 oasos ; beer, 375 hhd. 9 cases and casks ; tobacco, l8 tierces, 95 ^-boxes, 604 cases and boxos ; cigars, 103 cases ; tea, 8,098 chests ; sugar Íraw), 27,650 bogs, 300 packages ; molasses, 30J ihd. ; chicory, 100 packages ; opium, 5 packages. The deliveries during tho same period for home consumption were :-Brandy, 434 hhd. 4,1532 cases ; rum, 178} hhd.' 30 cas03 ; geneva, Ü hhd. 5,351 cases; whiskey, 96} hhd. 2,013 cases ; old tom, 19 hhd. 1,984 cases ; cordials, 190 cases ; spirits of wino, 9} hhd. ; other spirits, 11 hhd. 36 coses; wine, 459 hhd. 2,997 cases; beer, 515 hhd, 185 coses and cntks; tobacco, 7 hhd., 17 bales,- 28 tierces, 462 ¿-boxes, 559 cases and boxes ; oigars, 13S cases ; tea, 5,940 chosts ; sugar (raw), 12,592 bags; molasses, 400 hhd. ; chicory, 24 packages; opium, 1 chest 37 packages. Tho deliveries for exportation wero :-Brandy, 217} hhd. 282 cases; rum, 67} hhd.; geneva, 2 hhd.-480 cases; whiskey, l8 hhd. 57 cases; old tom,'-l}ihhd. 151 cases; cordials, 68 cases; other spirits, J 2 hhd. ; i\ino, 67} hhd. 236 oases; beer, 40 hhd. 1 case ; tuhncco, 3 hhd., 93 tierces, 164 J-boxes, 421 cases and boxes ; cigars, 96 cases; tea, 22L chests; sugar (raw), 1,591 bags; molasses, 71 hhd. chicory, 6 packages ; opium, 2 chests. The following is a comparative statement f lion ing the amounts of all duties and revenus collected by tho Department of Trade and Cua toma at the several ports of tho colony,' during the undermentioned years :-' * Head of Receipt. 185$. 1854. 1855. 18S6. 1857. 1853. 1859. Total spirits Total, opium, to bacco> Ac.,-. Total sugar and mo- lasses .. .. Total tea and coffee. Total wine and beer. Total duties, ¡moorta Gold duty (export).. Other moneys (re- venue) Total duties and re- venue Pilotage nnderantho rttyofl7Vict-,No. £ s. d. 655,836 4 1 118,603 17 0 Nn. 61,870 4 6 39,420 4 6 ' £ s. d. 613,17619 6 126,433 11 4 1,130 2 0 55,761 11 8 167,098 6 0 £ s. d. 617,051 19 10 133,492 10 0 67,948 7 5 82,470 110 102,802 0 4 \- £ «, U. 759,69110 9 150,212 12 0 ' 89,808 10 0 128,75714 0 161.745 8 9 \- &~ "s. d. 759,235 19 3 130,883 4 1 104,037 1 4 93,011 1 10 103,77811 2 \- -£ s. d. 764,000 7 6 163,420 C 8 130,899 10 11 130,821 2 6 127,61118 6 £ S. d. 725,31816 4 198,41113 7 122,074 l8 1 183,42210 8 186,355 7 6 765,73010 0 Nil. 15,82411 0 853,59310 1 NIL 80,662 1 2 1,003,767 19 11 233,225 10 5 28,602 19 4 1,274,215 15 6 371,900 7 8 30,14515 6 1,255,951 3 8 844,495 6 4 51,358 410 1,321,25310 0 316,013 7 4 60,431 6 7 1,216,618 6 8 285,072 2 9 51,609 7 8 781,655 1 9 .14,761 17 0 931,160 11 3 «52,99116 2 1,265,496 S 8 1,679,26118 8 1,651,804 14 10 1,637,698 811 1,65240418 7 * Included in total duties and revenue. f Several changes in ownership of stationproperty | have recently taken place. Messrs. Kaye and Ï Butchart report having 'effected sales of Hay- * field, in Gipps Land, with 4,500.-head'of oattlo, 135horses, and 3,105 acres ofpurchasodland; g sold to B. T. Firebrace, Esq., at'£7 porh'oadfor E the cattle and horses, and £2 per acre for tho 3 land- total purchase-money, £38,655. ' Omeo ¡j and Tom Groggin's runs, in the Murray distriot, with 5,462 hoad of cattle. 45 horses-and 640 acres of purchased land ; sold to the Hon. Wdliata Degraves, at £212s. Od.'for the cattle, £4 for the horses, and £1 per aere for the land- total pur- chase-money, £15,157. Murgah, on tho Edward Biver, Now South Wales, with 2,500 head of cattle; sold to Walter WooJ, Esq., at £8 153. pjr head- total purchase-mono), £21,875. There has been a falling off in insolvency business; that is to say, fewer ostates have bao i s'quostrated. For the month of October, tin Insolvency Circular gives a list of 104 insol- vents whose sohedules were filed. The amounts of liabilities involved are, separately, very small-in only seven estates above £1,000. The callings of tho insolvents are thin tescribed:-5 ngents, 1 auctioneer, 1 ao i ountant, 1 baker, 3 blacksmiths, 3 boardin,' 1 ouBe-keepers, 1 bookseller, 1 brickmakor, 3 lutohors, 1 builder, 2 cartels, 1 cattle-dealer, 1 oobinetmakor, 3 carpenters, 4 clerks, 1 Chineso headsman, 1 drapers assistant, 1 diessmaker, 1 dairyman, 1 dyor, 2 f armera, 1 furniture dealer, 4 gentlemen, 1 gasfitter, 1 harness-maker, 1 labourer, 1 mariner, 13 miuors, 1 meokonio, 1 overseer, 12 publicans, 2 painters, 1 plumber, 3 restaurant-keepers, 12 storekeepers, 2 shoemakers, 3 solicitors, 1 tailor, 2 timber merchants, 1 wheelwright, 1 white- smith. The list also contains notices as to divi- dends being paid in nine estates, and of plans of distribution being filed m 34. Eleven assign- ments for the benefit of creditors were registered during tho month. Certificates wero granted to 40 insolvents ; in one instance, the certificate was suspouded, and m two refused. IMPORTS At the Port of Melbourne during the month of October, 1860, compared with the corre- sponding period of 1859, Agricultural im plomonts Alkali-Soda, tons Appaiel und alopa Ammunition Fuso J? iwdor, lb. Shot, tons Arms Guim and pistol» Arrowroot, lb. .. Ba¿a and sacks .. Baili, tons lio inn & peas, bus, Uor J3uttlcd.. Di aught Bitouli, tins Bl muets andwool lona ., .. Bojkä Boots and shoos.. Bran, hushols .. Bikks Bulldine;, No.., Bath .. Bmshwaro Building matoriaU Buttor, tons Cabbago-treo Candles, tons Ciuidlevvlck Canvas Carpoting.. Carriage.!, carts, Í.C Casita, empty Cement, tons Cheese, tons Chicory .. ' .. Chinaworo . Cider Coals, tons Cocoa and ohocO' Into, lb. Coflbo Coko andfuol, tons Confootionory Coppor, tons Coppi-r ore, do. Coppcrwnro Coi Jago, tons Corks Cottons .. Cotton wasto Cutlery .. Diapory .. Dings Druirgiats' waro Earthenware fee« I amy goods Toll Dish I'resh .. Preserved Salted, tons riour, tons Trait Bottlod Drieu, tons Green, bush. Farnituro.. iurs Gl.iss Bottles .. Plato .. W indow Olosawaro Ohio Gold, oz .. «old-loaf, ¡to. li rain Balley, bush. Groin, tons îlaizo.uuah. Malt, do. OatH, do. lllco, tons Wheat, bush, Grindery .. flrindstonos Iiahcrdashory T'alr, tons.. Ilardw aro anil honiuongory .. Data and caps .. li ay, tons.. Hides, No.. II olio« are Honey, lb.. IT ups, do. If csloiy .. IfouBis-Wood .. Ice, tons.. Iudiaruhber good.' Imtrumonts Musical.. .Scientific ,. Iron, tons Jewellery.. .. Lead, tons licathor, owt. .. lenthorwaro Linen II io stock Horned cattle Ho. Honres, do. .. Pigs, do. Poultry.. Dogs, No. Sheep, do. Door, do. llachlnory »larblo .. Hit chea and vestas .. Mats and rugs . Mell Oat, tons Corn, do. Mctnl Yellow, tons .. Millluory .. Mo'asscu, tons .. Nails, do. Kuts Oars .. Oil i Colza, gals Unseed, do. .. Olivo, do. Undo3cilbcd,do. Oilcloth Oilmen's stores ., Onions, tons Opium Paintings and on' graving« Paints ïaporhanglngs Perfumery Photographie goods .. lipes-Tobacco fitch, tar, &o.; fiants and seeds., SMate and plated wara .. Plumbers' ware Potatoes, tons Preserves., printing materials Provisions Preserved Salted, toni Quicksilver Ballway materials Hesta .. Saddlery ,. Bago, lb. But, tons.. Bhlpchandlory Bilks Skins BUhs Elates, Ko. Snuff Soap, tons.. Bpcclo Bpocunons of Na- tural History 18S9. 1,638 1,471 47,185 875 8,100 530 486" 680 4.2S8 Quantitioi. 13,108 .20,138 D13 0,022 4,620 81,830 2,403 120 1,204 8,112 45,978 74 0,001 320 4,002 274 30( 863 14,313 1,000 320 400 1,800 800 350 1,610 1,005 080 0,804 20 816 112,437 2,188 050 2,092 1,120 4,372 160 80 1,876 8,218 30,001 800 8,014 11,079 4,815 1,251 1,850 1,140 1,052 107 180 120 1,034 2,077 0,836 8,307 28,051 85,304 18,601 80 5JÖ77 17,620 2,907 0,088 200 35 284 1,182 1,008 12,913 3,102 2,760 814 407 2,780 50 8,876 300 3.493 00 16,331 1,072 74 8,634 144 0,070 1,816 1,701 14J811 185 4,687 2,077 2,482 2,058 89 Spirits Brandy.. Cordials Oin Fcrfumod Bum .. "Whiskoy Undoficribod . Burch and' blue ! Stationery Btcol, tons Stone \- Building, tons. Paving Stoneware Bugar Xauow, tons Tapioca, lb, Jp» ..* . 2,164 246 2,116 491 1,272 4,709 19,790 8,812 7,040 «5 4,684 1,112 9,309 03 130 1,240 100 109 200 0S0 28,894 869 6,482 1,100 1,106 1,630 1,884 "hi 11,887 i,r~ 1,824 84,142 100 5,209. 7,658 2,182 65,036 847 8,016 103 8,406 71 005 14,440 575 7,59» 8,605 00,223 1,873 480 26 2,753 1,817 88,602 30 80,029 437 0,071 22 4,844 4,899 1,276 1,805 821 10,004 00 313 2,283 820 7,182 17,000 746 5,600 1,871 18,105 210 1,425 115,951 13,000 030 0,085 1,110 8,013 2,842 V" 30,810 10,020 11,243 7,r~" 70 8,620 010 1,312 8,405 75 7,! 10,626 19,833 0,081 10,830 li1"" 67 44,007 11,422 2,000 6,804 1,885 20,771 6,"" 2,320 760 1,260 1,807 1,209 23,240 730 4,572 1,515 110 6,413 'ÓÍ426 1,821 10 000 911 024 4,841 683 16,108 280 1,700 687 2,481 1,320 410 1,116 755 823 788 000 7JÍ70 8,846 780 -,960 18,608 1,887 59,202 763 «,905 70 7,076 1,464 7,805 186 8~ 60 1,400 10,000 14,030 24,627 10,000 10,028 71 1,413 155 11,977 8,403 283 81,0S0 18,007 129,887 1,832 1,200 1300. ~4S 263,070 4 2^00 ~25 612 22,422 69,580 8,913 1,120 *433 "1st 880 "Ï10 1,905 235 11,217 41,755 20,012 05,330 850 28,133 2,830 29,871 2,391 32,061 4,180 1,800 4,187 269 808 10,097 27.077; 3,781 0,201 3,670 1,063 87,488 2,40) 5,172 1,410 16,895 «,000 999 803,269 "~80 \- 1 - Values. Quantities. 1859. £ 1860. £ 1859. 1860. Timber Deals, No. 3,000 - 9,278 - Laths, bundles.. 124 66 1,273 700 Palings, No. .. Logs and piles, 1,766 1,164 329,600 287,200 do. 751 1,880 244 135 Posts and rails, do. 454 226 14,160 7,503 Sawn, foot .. 11,121 19,001 1,100,223 2,024,010 Shlnglos, No. .. 25 60 31,000 7,600 Miscellaneous.. 652 212 470 1,704 -_, _^ Tlnworo 15 , 632 Tobacco .. 27,647 26,221 -. Cigars 8,601 3,803 Tobacconists' ware 6 200 Tools and utonslls 2,018 5,425 - Toys and turnery 1,626 1,060 -, -_, Turpentine, gals. 768 408 8,058 061 Twine and thread, tons ,, 76 432 1 s Vegetables, do. .. 44 0 Vinogar, gals. .. Watchosand clocks M01 1,650 14,060 18,205 2,700 1,647 Whiting, tonB .. 712 09 ~77 13 Wickorwaro 80 78 Wino 84,000 10,676 - -, Woodonwaro .. 1,090 8,887 -, _ Wool, lb. 220 251 2,780 2,083 Zinc, tons.. ,. 1,088 25 50 1 Miscellaneous .. 8,807 4,878 EXPORTS. - Values. Quantities. 1859. 1860. ' 1850. 1860. Agricultural im- £ £ plements Alkali-Soda .. 2 107 845 33 _ Apparel and slops 842 ¿601 -, Arms and ammu- nition 282 1,806 -_ «_, Arrowroot, lb. .. 7 184 330 8,309 Bags and sacks ., 1,060 622 - Bark 00 50 Boor Bottled, gals... 40 87 100 320 Draught, do. .. 320 200 2,750 2,000 Biscuit, tons 20 80 1 4 Black sand, do. .. 680 6 12 1 Blankots and wool- lens ., 214 65 Bones, tons 17 60 2 12 Books 988 1,048 Boots and shoes.. 2,140 1,017 - -, Bricks, No, 5 400 Brushwaro 46 -, -, Building material« 420 810 - -, Buttor 66 16,040 - 190 Candles, tons .. 605 116 6 1 Canvas .. .. 48 45 Carriages, oarts, &o.; 787 282 Casks, empty 167 80 -, _. Chceso, tons .. 886 OS 4 2 Chicory ,. 27 Coals, tons 10 "~6 Cocoa and ohoco FJsIato, lb. 118 - 2,240 -_, Oolloo 904 6,061 Confectionery .. 118 - - - Copper, tons .. -, 9,205 - Ill Coppor oro, do. .. - 38,074 - 1,783 Copporware Cordage, tons .. 200 896 242 11 0 Corks 43 21 Cottons 72 102 -_. -, Cutlory 00 -> -, \--, Drapery 7,044 7,767 - -M Drugs Earthonwaro 443 296 821 804 - - Fancy goods 583 1,850 -. - Fish Salted, tons . 201 - 6 -, Preserved .. 180 coo - Flour, tons 2,260 Î8B 7o7 42 Fruit Dried, tons .. 8,089 1,480 46 33 Grcon, bush. .. 110 130 Fumituro 1,869 1,442 -: -, Olaaswnro 04 10 Glass Plato .. 20 -. - -, Window 7 15 - -, Gold, ounces 465,470 952,152 110,204 238,013 Grain Maize, bush. .. 250 - 1,170 _. Malt, do. 400 20 800 86 Oats, do. 200 72 600 88) Hice, tons 846 1,127 16 63 Guano, tons 278 .02 20 4 Habordashory . 215 008 - -a, Hardware and ironmongery .. 8,316 2,087 - -* Hats and caps .. 244 10 Hoy, tons.. Hielos 40 6 1,402 2,045 1,651 4,272 llolloware IO 12 IIOJIB, lb. 210 105 5,630 8,090 Horns and hoofs.. 6 Homes (wood) .. 200 -> «-. -. 165 4 Iiidlarubber good* - - 110 -> Instruments - Musical.. 103 - - - Scloiitlflo 160 10 - -a Iron aud Btecl, toni 1,187 201 36 12 Jewellery.. 186 012 - -. Lead, tons 82 1,095 1 61 lead oie .. 860 Leather, do. 210 006 2 20 Lcatherwaro 800 - - -. Llvo stock Cuttlo, No. .. 1,400 050 180 93 Horses, do. 6,098 - 116 - Sheep, do. 1,170 2,072 1,170 3,090 Machinery .. 730 212 -. - Sfarblo .. 230 Mutches and vos tai 105 40 - - .Mats and rugs .. 12 - -. -, Meal-Oat, tons. 80 46 2 4 .Ullllnory .. 105 827 - -> Miscellaneous .. 341 1,406 Molassos .. .. 420 Nails, tons 279 170 8 4 Nuts 246 120 - -. Oars 452 Oils, gals. 434 4,463 1,818 12,430 Olhuon's stores .. 187 837 Opium - 700 -> - Paints and varnish 104 192 - . Paintings and en- 1 gravings 80 105 - -. Paperhanglugs .. 20 136 - - Perfumery 13 10 Pipos-Tobacco ., 270 Pitch and tar , 15 40 - - Plants and seods.. 6 162 - -, Plate and plated woro 285 100 Fotatoos, tons .. 60 - 11 -, Preserves - 122 - \--, Printing materials 120 217 - -. Provisions Prcsorvod 1,580 605 - \--, Salted, tons .. 1,774 007 32 l8 Quicksilver 70 , - - -. llaga, tons Saddlery .. 280 26 181 2 - -. Sago, lb. -. 106 - 13,776 Salt, tons.. 850 2,200 101 029 Ship-chandlery .. 42 16 t - - Silks 1,610 '1,602 Skins 1,348 995 - - Slates 12 -. ' 1,000 \--, Soap, tons 209 \- 252 7 9 Spocio-Gold 62,725 70,280 - -. 8plccs .. '.. 372 237 -i _ Spirits Brandy, gals. .. 0,900 , 6,840 20,387 13,891 Cordials, do. .. 246 60 667 65 Gin, do. Porfumed 2,040 079 13,410 2,412 245 Bum, gals. 1,167 1.607 4,651 7,813 Whiskoy. do. .. Undoscrlbod, do. 769 1,002 2,588 8,032 282 1,060 1,189 . 2,212 Starch and bluo.. 80 20 Stationery 660 661 - - Stoneware 8 Sugar Tallow, tons 4,648 4,143 - -. 440 1,038 7 24 Tapioca, lb. 804 500 8,642 22,400 Tea, lb. 8,164 4,754 32,485 . 47,221 Tent« and tar paulina -» 470 - -. Timber .. ,. 604 8,170 - -» Tinware 105 88 Tobacco .. .. 18,860 8,814 - -. Cigars 468 1,220 \- ' -, Tools and utensils 643 208 - .-. Turpentine, gals., 7 - 10 - Twlno and throad, tons 105. 15 1 Vinegar, gals. .. Watches & docks - 68 -. ' 052 '160 476 Wlno, gals. Woodonwaro 1,835 1,835 2,161 4,105 173 222 Wool, lb. 20.7281 01,225 250,237 1,255,9» Zinc .. .J 00' 17 3 1 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRI0E3 CURRENT. The Argus Office, Friday Evening. SInco the departure of the last mail an increased amount of business has beon transacted, and a gene- rally better feeling hu existed. Brays, which had been long detained by the floods up tho country, have reached town in large numbers, and dealers have been able to execute the accumulated orders In hand, and for tho fortnight following a largo amount of goods was despatched for tho Interior. The demand for country requirements bein? howevor supplied, a temporary lull ensued, an i business! in this direction consequently slackened ; reaction may, however, bo fairly looked for, as, credit being greatly restricted, but few buyers aro enabled to lay In full stocks, and are, consequently eompellod frequently to revisit tho market as buyers. Tbo feeling that a moro steady trade will be doing throughout the summer months appears, goneral, as Blocks In the interior aro known to havo boon kept down to the lowest possible ebb, and money Is re- ported as becoming more plentiful. Tho severe orlils through which we hsve been forced, has had the beni Octal offeot of establishing buslnosi on a M unit r tooting, and has materially checked the hitherto overgrown system of almost unlimited ei edit Ar-ceptancoi havo gonorally beon well met rf> rlM2 the past.month, and cash appears to bo more Íilcntlfrl amongit dealers generally. A'meetlng of he Chamber of Commerco has boon held, to ontsrtsla Hie <|UU r.f fraud, If it may bo so termed, which har been im p sed on Importer« has, for a length of time, been a ouipoc.f complaint, notwithstanding whloh nothing bat been as yet don« to remedy the eviL i Batter hu leen the leading article brought Into notice tinder the charge, it being asserted that, with an allowance of 14lb. only for the weight of the flrklo.iUie actual weight exceed«, on the nvirage, 301b., tho difiérenos in the weight being made up by brine, iron hoops, Ac The same objection wai raised respecting hams, which frequently prove from lib. to 21b. deficient from the il ., ..IM marked wolght. ThesyBtcmis.ofcnursi. Hi.ï-L wo think tho resolution arrived atlstnn'li °m'M ÎTtolM the practico, vlz.,Hhat it reste with thohí/.^S %Ir^ the syBtcm. Importers havo every r«ZS"to «''" 2» lato tho home .lilnnr-n m, S.T°.n l» conn.,: »*!. fil»-; Sates. the practico, vlz,,Hhat it reste \ tho syBtcm. Importers havo ovu, ,",","" ," lato tho home ehlppcrs on hnvfneal L""PT»- ?"sTt-K thoeoncluhionthottîieoonsutnpïlonofvt"?^« .» Í Bltogethorunllniltcd,»ndlhatconti?«Suî^r,Ul)« Ä ; o »rentsmustresultlnheavylosses Th«^0^1"*!.- li ïnglUhmall, which arrived1 onlOthl^l"1^1'» B decldeuly flrruor tone to our markets bi,T^ aro at length chcoicd with tho hnro Sít iïWiB havo a proepeot of retrieving past io»T n* B1J cf several artieles has alreadyTmnnwrl ^S"1»' Bother there is a bettor roellng and a Ä*?d '"' «imness than have fer month?Bp^BÄ.j'Wwol *o think Bhlppers must eco tho aec«f,¡iv A J ,''d Supplies commonsurato with consuraptff ÍA' show a deoidod Improvement; andi.in. """« undorjtood that Bess and Co. will muí V tea«% ship to iho extent of about hTuf of Llîï"*1' ipply, tho advonco in prlco demand«} »ii lH}ta'' ability be woll sustained. »"i,TT.".1'1'» all mu. baVility be woll sustained. Butt"~*' '" »,«P»> the firmness of holders than to any sSí.-?,"»,1"" ' BOB odvnnccd in price, altbouiih colnni. , "v" ' selling atthosaniera'to r« imported iln,J- [' Ijlng almost dormant for months. 1T ifc?. psi.«* -ndbW "glslho KibdJrk I*» 'J» WMT "mau "tho»" ¿t,how M'a K 10,s' rrletora aprimo rut«"1' Sloe Ti ether sr ,ld tom la, clo-, lo SO o. 10 toi *!'. Ido. I Seo M It» ,i h» tfe-J Uta, El (»!*>. feirpm tell do iii to - lacrrinir ,|ltoO lo., whil 'jj to. J do. j 1*1 lo? M Die jierstoe »Si M «100 «78.1 Iii poi BOiest Tobsc rites 1 caiptic mbles lisa » mun, una mo einer notders appear to ke ".i ,ma the market, looking for still improved!1,l'°°rfr' D eluding thoso romarkB,we Pi3? Ä*, <>«* paiUomarsMthoartleliinmPoSoralSïï,leUll!« Alo and Stout,-Previous to "the .ííSTí11« English mail there was a firmer feelÄv,0'11« uno Blnco tho receipt of advicos a furhÀnH'ï*»1». taken place, chiefly on the report that n-'h1' * ill bo enabled to ship only bal"of lus T,.wa^ «ty. Bulk stout Is hardly In soi iroSM?,"B1 Bottled aloa aro in rather moro inquiry »m, "^ of some improvement; battled stout oulÂt?,""!"01 tions. Quotations are: Boer.-Alo-Ä S "M Es. ; Allsopp'«, m 10s. to ^ît^X^V'," brewers', £6 10s. to £0 los. ; J0UU Stör,* «",'> ïonnent's, £0 6s. per hhd. ; Bjass'a hoS f 'Î! ¡ other bottlers*, 7s. Od. to 9s. pordozcS sá^ J4 ! blonde, £7 10s. ; other brewerafdBOpet. L iî,mB,at Cuinness's, OB. 0d. J Byoss's, B1 3d ?' otK'^'laU toBs. Od. por dozen. ' " ' m" ^ t>. Bogs and Ba.glng.-A decided improvement t, takou placo in tho value of throo-buslmi ,.!ïl hu talcs are reported at llB.0d. per dozenAîal aro generally asking hlghor rates. wOD]S'¿o!uw» icarcolyso Orm, purchasers having Eenerrl5 ¿5 Hn. Ihnmelves; Sa. od. for heavy pugÄ.PP »' dored as tho highest market price. y 8 tmA Butter.-Notwithstanding tho neaw stört. «. firmness of holders has caused an advanT lifi,bl Sato of newly-landed parcels are reported'5\ Candles continue in fair request, particular!* m 1 aekets. fresh parcele And ready ¿XoDsrrtM ciuotations. A very largo lot of Neva ««..?' Í1 daily looked for, whloh may possibly ütflS1".1' icluo of other description». Prices ^"V** Btoarlno, Is. 4Jd, ; Belmont sperm, l. », .'T,, Í* le. 3d. ; Ogloby's, Is. 2Jd. ; French/li1.2d[ pVrfb ' Ccinout.-Domand la easier ; and heavy atcwl.i. fciuucou shipments te, tho Sydnoy market *"" Coala.-ThB advanced season of tua" vear JI«I .»IshCB demand. -English, boing only Scdaiiï" suppliod, aro worth from 35s. to 40a. ¿er tm Kr lay. Kow South Wales coals ore, howe", tiZi "? »Ld not worth abovo 85s. per ton ou the wharf "? Coi-rectloncry isaaloable fn only small assortmfnt, nt prices varying from lOid. to lid. ptrlb Tííll> (.'ordago has undorgono no chango in vaine. _o.t|.. laid Wanilla continues in steady demand rSu scrlptions ol seaming twine lightly stocked, QuotaiiL me :-Europo, £30 to £36 por ton; BussUu Ä ton; coir ropo, £30 portón; Manilla rope. aZui ,BIM., £48 to £60 per ton ; shop twine, 8d 'A, lb ; Btwing twine, Is. nor lb. ; oakum, £26 »cr ti» 1'iugs.-Iheso nrtlcfcs havo undergone but mit, chsngo. Opium continuos dull of sale at (rom m¡Z EOs. per canister for prepared. Soda ash and cmUl. aro largely overstocked, and consequcntlydull of «io Flour of aulphur ia in rodueed inquiry. QuickS ia bettor aupplied, and a decline of about Id n.iih hm taken piaco. Present prices aro mpectlvolv- ,' lOd. to 2s., and 8s. to 8s. 8d. per lb. Flour «ulDhir SOs. per owt. Soda ash, £1810s. to £14 : cmul, "010s. per ton. ' ' "". Enrthonwaro.-Heavy Bupplies still prca on tin ii I muikot, and at present there aoems no proipett »I trim fiupiovod sales or augmouted prices. _F"n I'ish.-Thero Is rather a betterinqulry, but «,1a t, a. sh any extent aro still difficult to effect. Ling of rciUr 'tait fine quality is somewhat scarce, hut not worth moro ?.. . than 8Jd. per lb. ; with inferior sorts tho mark* ii g'utted, and sales almost impossible to effect at anr juice. Rod herrings aro quito neglected ; pickled ¡a halt barróla, in more requost. Flour and Grain.-Thero has been a regular derain! for flour throughout tho month, and prices tiaro beta tttrdily sustainod; the lato heavy arrivals from both Calllornla and Valparaiso, with the early expcctol art ii als from Adelaldo of tho new crop, havo, Low. cv cr, deadened the market, and, consequently, prici ern scarcely bo quotod. lYhoat, for tho sam) lenton, ia in but llttlo inquiry, and a punnu ing price cannot bo quoted. In barley nothlnr la doing, and prlcos ontlrely nominal. Oats, tinea the lato arrivals, havo beon In lets Inquiry, ail Somewhat easier in price. Malt has been la Letter demand, and holdors havo advanced their pilca 10 Ila. per bushol. Oatmeal very quiet, and worth about 21s. per owt. Quotations are :-Flour, Ade Itido, £18 10s. to £1U 10s. ; Tasmanian, £18 ti ¿l8 10s. ; wheat, 7s. Od. to 7s. Od. por bushel ; oak colonial, 3s. 9d. to 4s ; Irish and Scotch, 8s. 2d. tt 8s. gd. ; Dutch, 8a. Od, ; Calcutta, 3s. 6d. to 8).C4; Bosnian, 8s. 4d, to Ss. Od. ; Danish, 3a, Gd. to 3s, Si ; Californian, 3s. Od. to 8s. lid. per bushel; maa;. Sew South Wales growth, 8s. 8d. to Ss, 8¡d, pit bushel ; gram hold for £10 per ton. Fruits, drtod.-Thoro is a slightly Improved icqulr/ for raisins, but all othor sorts continuo In tho nine ?uiitatlslaotory position as whon last reported. Quota tiens aro:-Almonds, Jordan, Is. Id. to Is. Od.; M1; B1;oil, 6d. to Cid.; currants (Patras), 8Jd. told.; raisins-Muscatels (layerB), 6jd. to (k1.; Oap8,6it» 8Jd. ; French plums (bottles), 8d. to lOd. ; flgi,4Jd.tj (k1. ; Barcelona nuts, 3d. to 4d. ; dried apples (Hueri- can), 4d. to 41d. per lb. Glasswaiu is still ovoistcckcd, and priera hare u> (krgono no chango. hardware and ironmongery of all description! ara fully stocked, and no Improvement in prices can as 3 et bo looked for. Ilollowaro overstocked and dull of sale. Hopa continuo to advance in price, and, «wltitjts light nocks of .'ate growths, oxcoesivo rates aro askeJ. Old Kents havo been placed at 14d. por lb. Groceries.-Soveral parcels of the now teas havo been lulroitted at auction, hut moBtly all bought In ai reserved priceB.tho bidding very dull, andan Inclination evident on tho part of the trado to wait the chance ol llio market. Tho qualities, with tho cxcopilon of the Sydney Griffiths' cargo, aro much bolow the avongj, Mid tho lots sold wore let go at considerably reducá it tes. No fresh arrivals of Ooylon coflno lui coom) into tho innrkot, and tho old congous aro wording ofl" el cndlly at quoted rates, lllco Is improvlnji; consider alilo parcela of new havo ohanged hands at £17 lOi; , liolders' prlco is now £18, whilst somo aro asVing £2« I ( r ton. Sugars are firm, and lato sales haie tlionn in advance. Kation and good crystals ara scarce, Tlio quotations uro :-Teas (duty paid)-Congou, good or ciliary to fine, £1010s. to £12 10s. perchest; Merbr to ordinary, £8 to £9 10s. por chest; hjeontkln, ¡C7 to £7 10s, per chest; gunpowder, 2s. Oil to Sa, 3d.; in perlai, 2s. Od. to 3s. ; hyson, 2s. Od. to 3s.; oran;« j i kee, bcontod, 2s. iii. to 2s. Od. per lb Coffee (la Lend)-Ceylon plantation, Is. 2Jd. to Is. 3jd. ; l.f live, Is. to 1B. ld. per lb. Sugar-Coaslporo, Ho. 1, iSt. to 49B. ; Mauritius, crystallized white, 42s. tj ids. ; low to fino yellow, 86s. to 41s. ; low to ina 11 own, 28s. to 81s. ; syrups, 24s. to 20s. por owt. ; rice, luina, 18s.percwt. Ouano.-Peruvian, £16 10s. ; Flat Island, Port lhillp Bay, £6 fis. per ton; Lawrenco Uland, I'oil li nd Jiaj-, £6 6a. per tou. a'ntchcB and Vestas.-Market firm at 3 j. 3d. ; stocks, however, aro heavy. Metala.-No improvement in bar anil rod Iron ; sleeks aro still vory hoavy. Corrugated jaira ilzcd iron is moro inquired for, and pilco some- what firmer. Plain galv&uteed; Iron, light ganso, ü Bcorco. Anglo and T Iron overstocked and no demand. Sheet iron in fair request, and supplies moderato. Eoop and plato iron rather dull of sale. Thero Is lery llttlo doing In sheet lead, and prico remains unaltered. 3 ho marliot is gotting haro of zlno, aud piico Improv- ing. Wiro is in rather hotter inquiry, but Hooks Lenvy, and offering at low rates. Tin plata getting scarco and in fair inquiry. Prices are fron, Morowood's patout corrugated galvanlied tluucd, 24 and 20 gauges, £36 per ten; More Wood's corrugatod galvaulzed, No. 2, or unllnnc I, ¿C88 do.; Tuppor's de, £33 do.; llatnllton'i or other English makor's, £31 do. ; Hootch. £27 do. ; Vorowood's galvanized tinned plain, 20 and 23pups, £44 do. ; Tupper'?, or other English maker's, £42 do. ; Scotch, do., £86 do. ; rod und bar, best Staffordshire brands, BBH, £11 do. ; do., Scotch, £10do.; plats, £13108. do. ; sheet assorted, £14 do.; ourle and T., £11 do.; hoop, £12 do.; pig, £6 do.; Swedish, r.oiaio. Lead-Pipe, assorted ottos, £23 to £29 dj. ; sheet, milled, assorted, ' £28 do. ; shot, assortoi), tCSO do. Quicksilver, 2s. 8d.' per lb. Steel-Blister, £2 6s. per owt. ;'cast, ? £2 10a. do. Tin-BloA, It. Od. to Is. Od. per lb. ; plates, charcoal, JO, Ttlatcs, charcoal. IX, 16 per cont. advanoe, Wiro -Fencing, blook, ,£14 per ton; galvanized, Nos. 1 tt 6, £17 do. Zinc-Honed, light, £88do.; do, nilli, 12 8s. to £210s. per cwt Ollmon's Stores havo beon in botter request, bit tcnthracd forced Balos at auction keep down prices, rickles aro getting reduced in stock, ana a fair Inquiry ixlsts. Boflod fruits and jams aro dull of sale». Salmon in lib. tins aro scarco, and In good request, also half sardines. Salad oU, in half pints, much wanted. Bluo somowhatimproved. Bulkvlneraru In largo ovorstook and dull of sale. Frioes aro as follow:-Blue, thumb, lOd. per ib.! cunio powdor, quarts, 18s. to 14B. per dozen; frou, bottled, quarts, 11s. do.';. Jams and Jellies, lib. tins, Us. do.; lobsters, lib. tin* American, 8s. Gd. do ; macearon! and vennlcolli, white, JW" and Genoa, 7d. per lb. ; mustard, in bulb Mo. S, 7id. do. ; do., In lib. bottles, 12». Pfr doten, do., In iib. bottles, 7s. Od. do.; oatmeal,*»P« ten ; oystors, preservad, lib. tins, 14s. per dosen, io, Hb.tlns, 17s. to £1 do..- piokles, quarts, 10s. to IU do. : do-, pints, 7s. 6d. tofti.do. ; prosorrai meat», a». tins wanted ; salad oil, pints, 11s. Od. to 12». f»rdo»»_, do., half-pint-, Os. Od. da : »simon, preserved, Bb. tins, IBs. do.; sardines, hilT»», 0». ed. to 10s. do., JT ...J.JTVZ ñT,» ib. ¿A *n ? mucca, assorted, hoift rcrrf $loPñ; ^/SSa^iSÄ'Ä,*» *>». »* oozon ; whlto wine, Is. KM. to 2s. per gallon. Oils, Paints, ta--In«oedloll^boffins to «?.'".»J Symptoms of Improvement Colza oil w0T*?T' ritrnwl Turpentine is saleable at our q»oU«ou. »o' change tonoto to paints, the only >«fï*T «*« for best clnallty whitelead«. Linseed oU, raw, !», M.. boiled, 3s. Ha. Bales »w, hOW«TW, of n» ««.* Colza is in improved demand, and ,^'8B.t^nRt Chinese oil has become Bosrco, and, in UM, ^^ Cn Od. Turnentino is also In moro request, artjvorin ¿ Od per galton. In paints thero Uno tapro eoon^ »rd colounaro quito unsaleable. Whitelead dull, »t tit. por owt. for best qusllty. l'owdcr.-noavlly stooked, and «onttatiod «rrWj rearer talos alfflcult to effcot. Blastuig, olgw« bund, IB quotod at OJd. per lb. . ¡ Provisions.-Tboro is more demand for beet »« puk? Stocks aro reducing, and price&%£?*,& a'.leratlon In cheese There Is very'little to« Ii ihe market, whilst Urge lots^of Inferior arelit la» c'i.ttantly forced at auction. Hams and bacon£ moderate demand, at imaltored prices. Q«wj tions «re-Butter, double-rose Cork, new, UiJ *? lid. ; o'd, Od. per lb. ; bacon, Varey-s, 9d. to 0^ Eli clair'», 9Jd. to lOd. ; Cornpton's. Sd- to8ji-JJ TUPJ'S, 12d. to 12jd. ; Sinclair's, li«, cum."1: it _d,} lid. to «id. : V«tpi';ii> «Ato MJtí« chceie, douhls^aiottooitor, lid. lo «id.} W»»1"» d^ I"1''?0 urandy hu ot length takon a start, tha 'ipUlis-^S hayingonconraged holder» to do- !, .¿«"KÄ Äf«, quantftleaof stray par- !; «^"Soalo thoro isa better inquiry, ai - KihiirkM«,S\"m has oxporiencod the mull ¡n« 'iTÄnVand at this season of the yew, W?^ta0r.eiwsÄ price has declined. Tits "j In face f,," In nrlco 0/ genova has been cheo 5»"dtoÄfMVoKdirect shipments. Oonsump tboarriralo aoioTu ^ malutaiual. ^"""Ä Mlowl-SplritS an bond).-Brandy. mc» rulo as «now. F perlg_u0n; Honnoisy'i £*'!? &Ï' otard'siOs- ¿d. "do.; 'U. V. Pío- , ^i '9,a do.; Champagne Vlnoy-rd ! prleters' io, «?ou. »d _, 10s_ "i. ; ÍMpUf», (ïfP3Sï; other brands do, 5s. ii«»«T' ,*Martoll's, 12s. do.; do., do., or ; '» k^ï'-U per dozen caso; do., U. V. Pro. .? Hennessy«, ?»j v_ Vm<¡gtov,en<, 24a do.; Otmn Pwto v'Jiard Proprietor»' Company's, 23s. dj.j ; pfl* VÄ do Genova, JDKZ or key brand, tas. ¡ fjooaau a, 20s- " fl_ "atf-cMu ; do., . W.P".Ä S¡°'to 18s. per caso. Gin-Londo e ' el"' l"a"i?Iv branda. 2s. to 2». 0d. per gillon ; 'ldt,on\¿(H por 'dozen. Bum- Ka.t India, 2J '»'f0'« Í, fid» 2s. Sd. per gallon; West tndla, loJOoP.ü-M-«0 -to jF _*" . d0-i 20 to 3* 10 w. 01 íló Whlikoy, Irish, Mehan's, 4s. OdJ . (irloencaso- «mains Arm at formic F""beUhV rather a firmer feeling for dot,,, ».' KJfTe can noto no Improvement la 1 bïTrlrân doors, 6s. Od. to IBs. each; d... f'r""I ii1 te lto per pair ; do., hard-pine floorlur, Ä latili swi, * feet. 16s. to' 10s. per 1.0JO ; do . ÍUidt '»u¿"incl5,£15Í6s to£1817s.0d. ,Krpno,)ito-lnon,tio porl,0)J ,. ban rlW-A' X'tlEi, £» ÍHäÄÄitÄ Ä- *'»: Alr foot; do.. red,lix8,OH to 0)d do ; ,ll!hiî' lix 3 oïl to Od. do. ; do., do., 11X 8. Oi 1.1 > Îi'ftoÔ iw tonguod and groovod, 0* x IV, W-is.ia.do. Cedar-Inch boards, 4Jd. to art. . to £l2s.OM. to £16s. por 100supor. Laths Ï; Dickon's tod, 3s. to 4s. per 1,000. Oars.-A*. 1 1,5 « rahnci.-Van Dlomon's Land, 6ft, 7s. *? M n'-r 100.Pine -New Zealand, 10s. to 111. "I'm ro3tsandUalls.-Strlngy birk, £2 6s. ti « ¿ ¿I shin.les.-Van Diomon's Land, 12s. ti ?.7Ä0O;d*. cargo, full cut, 9s. to 10s. 6d. par Kt ¡Io, market cut te. to Os. öd. do. 'ttcai-SotwIthstindlngtho lato heavy arrival!, rtafuivo scarcely uudorgonp any change. Con. Sion li cUonsivo, and stocks being In few nandi, SoVlioUsri to maintain prlcos. Importers' quoti- té.to-totac«(i.-Clgars (in bond)-Havanmh, K.Î no? I £ai ! imitation, do., do., £8 to £10 ; ui'llfacAo«, Ko 2, do., £2_15s to £2 17s 01.; S % ¡Sinon shape, do.. £2 8s. to £2 10s. ricco-Barral t's anchor brand, per lb., 2s. ; do., rtÄrd£ «a ! Eagle, do do Is. lid. to, ft. '"? honeydew, 201b. boxes, half-lb. lumps, 10.J. 'iild dil . houoydow, 8's and 10's, lOd. to !.» ; u" bra"¡,¡, is. 10d. to is. lid. do; 0 R.S. arti ¿'e' "nno ; ¿sterling do., nono ; Shollard do., non J ; ¿¿muli, 4d. nor lb. ';L JpoiM aro docldodly armor, and stocks ovi i,nilvre'duulng. Good quality Is difficult to bo ma; h. Inihoirytho trado la dull Thoro isia silga; inolrr for tho batter qualities. Thodomand bB^lai ri-.fD for clarete and champagne, although orden ai ït "ino been trifling. Prlcos rulo at about follow. >lites:-l)urgumly, £110s. to £2pordozen; chun 'nir. superior, £2 do.; champagne ordinaey, £1 i do : eUrot, first quality. £1 10s. to £2 do. ; ,t commun, Us. to 18s. do. ; hock, 18s. to £1 . Welle, sparkling, £2 10s. do.; port, bottld, l¿ to £1 Ht do. ; single diamond, £48 to £50 erpira; doubla diamond, £54 to £60 do.; troblo mond £C 1 to £02 do. ; quadruplo diamond, £70 »?sherry, bottud, £1 Is. to £1 16s. per dozen; .¿«y, £40 to £45 per butt J medium, £50 to £90 ¡«apcrlor,£70to£100do. MELBOURNE MARKETS. ;ut Kinn -Business has boon less activo this week, i indo confined to small orders for immcdlato use. ces mo easier, with every appoaranco of further Fino flour quoted at from £10 to £1010s. ; «1, la. 3d. to Is. 4d. per buBkel ; wheat in no fa- rr, »11J prices consequently almost nominal. p.mliiiliuussra.-Butchoro'Moat-Boot, 3d. to 6J. t lb. ; mutton, 3d. to 4d. do. ; veal 8d. to Od. do, J *,10d, to lid. do. Poultry-Turkeys, 10s. to 12s, :h; ¡¡«ko, l63, to 18s. per pair; ducks, 8s. to 10s, ; fonl-1, 7s. to 8s. do. ; rabbits, 6s. to 7s. per ne; bolter, fresh, Is. 4d. to Is. Od. por lb. ; eggs, 3d, to 2i. Od. per dozen ; milk, lOd. .'per quart, ii, 8d to 0d. the 4lb. loaf. DÎT MinRBr.-Messrs. Butler and Moss report the fly tbii week in excess of demand, and prices loss 11 than during the post week. Prices of old hay ¡e from £5 to £8 10s. ; new, trussed, £4 to £1 1; loose, £3 303. to £3 15s. per ton. Mr. Jamoi 'ma reports that tho market has been abundantly filed with now hay, a groat quantity of whloh h« n ¡o ficen that it was scarcely saleable ; groen der also is very plentiful, limiting the demand for , consequently a number of loads aro loft unsold. xs range from £310s. to £8 10s. ; straw, £3. :isihi;N ilAKKBr.-The supply of both vegetables 1 fruit Is abundant, aud lower prices aro trill}' submiltoil to. Oabbiges, peu, lottucol, I radishes aro In excess of requirements, and anti ter) low prlcos. Straw borrie», cherries, and s-türrlci arti also plentifully supplied The foi ni; aro about toe prlcos obtained :-Vegot» i-a«ijara¿'UJ, Is. 3d. per 100; beans (broad), per lb. ; lwui|ucw, tia. to 9a. per dozen ; cabbage 1, lo 3i. por dozen ; carrots, 8d. to Is. per dozen chu; cauliflowers, Zu. to is. per dozen; ore is 1er), Od. per dozen bunches; cucumbers (Ion; 4 ia lo 3s. per brace; leek, la. per dos-jii tia; lettuce, 2d. to 4d. per dozon; marjoram, per dozen bunches ; mint, Is. per dosai ti«; onions (green), 4d. to Od. per dozen thes; paraloy, Od. per dozen bunches; pani i, li. per dozen bunches ; peas, l.d. to 1.4. lb ; uotatoeu (young), 12s, to 14s. . per owe, ; a, bl. per dozeu bunches ; rhubarb, 2s. to U. ter dozon bunches; sage, Is. per dozin Jitj ; spinach. Id, per lb. ;. sprouts, Od. per a; thjroe, Od. per dozen bunchos; tur. s, Is. to Is. (Jj. per dozoa bunches. Fruits.-Cherries, ti li 0 J. per 1 o ; gooseberries, fld. to 8d. per quart ; lítales, ia. pur lb. Dairy Produce;-Butter, loll id. per lb. ; ducks, 7s. per pair; eggs, la. OA. li per uDion; goose, 10i. per pair; bens, 61. lair; pullets, 8s. Od. to 4s. fld per pair; plgeoni, t« p^lr ; pork, Od. per lb.; sucking pigs, 10s. each; it)i, lSi. to ïUs. per pahr. tai iUuK.hr.-ilosara. Goldsbrough and Co. re ii, under dato if ye-storJay :-" Wool-In our lait »ly îeylciv of the wool market, wo mentioned that tih!|ipln£ season bad fairly commenced, We haw » to report that during the past'month thora has claver; spirited demand for all classes of wool, but ire particularly for brlgnt descriptions.of combing, Idwe have pleasaro in stating that we bave never m 10 largo a proportion of tho wool of this leny lu such good condition, both as regards .jklií, getting up, and bolng moro free from burr id [nu seeds. Our public sales, held each weak -Iced dialogues of wn.ch we append) have bool utionsly a< tended, both by buyers and owners; id there li oiideutly an Increasing desire on the put the latter lo competo with each other in getting up m clips ia tho best possible 'manner, and thus :nn the highest price ; and in ovory ínstanos thoy « beta «eil repaid for increased attention and cars fine tory high rates the choicest clips have realized. «silderatjki proportion of the wool sold has been ucbual on continental account, and many of our »Hpurchasers for the London sales have been quite '¡¡I out el the market The arrival of the Jedda, »a neus irom tbo home markots to September 26, (»Stag adilccs of tho improved prospeot of the grain nat, whloh, from the tenor of the news by Utctomiil, had beon supposed to bo all but \ Irotn the long continuance of unfavourable wea- ll, had the cITect of bringing buyers forward wha « prwously boen indGposod to oporate, thai mg a keener competition for all lots that oould be PW In lleno for tho Fobruary sales. Indeed, up T present dato, a larger quantity hu ohanged «a tun up to tho same period of any provtooi "".either in. this or all tho Australian colonies iie.luly-.no ll»vlnS sold nearly 8,000 bales. It F'M evident from this, that the advantag« auii. }i"M "o every season more appro »Minjin, by growers and buyers, and its «um is the metropolitan wool mart of * colonies Is now universally acknowledged. T sales wools In groMo have boen mostly taken \h."ic,f4 Mxoml> shippers only purchasing the mSÄ s haM leoa »o1«1 / fln8r Bl>ort wools belog lïAÎf Mslcctod, although they may he 15 Ta»i« . ' In BBl)u«d there bavo not boen AH ,,»?.!"' '»»»gb parcels are quito In bounds, »Ä °lirti'0H> oI wuhed and uuwashed Jtoeoe. H».. v »T 'nUsouou selecting with care and Judge EL'ft,,°« Kreat variation In catalogued rates, BttiM^*bc"K.vorydimouU t0 Place at prices at tttufaetoytoiho growers. Taking a general re .it i.;.i.ra?"iaa bu»lness, we never witneued a i»i?Ät,l"'iro t0 pufchue, and thU ia met by atff.k ' eatUu«d at the pricei the Melbourne "inw thom, without seeking a distant market and DiLTi?"tar._?k- UP *° th0 present date 10 »Ä.Cle*"? »"b the now clip, having on board 2-Sí?' '"Atwo «8,about to dear with8^00 2iX't «A*'? h?T0 ?n board «"'p »*y «.«i ? »pinst 10.663 bales for the eorresponding period nfiÄ.1"?«, ftn l,b>croaso oí 7.028 halos, Ki,ieolplBmn*earllerthanusual. Blnco ArnSEFti¿° íollovrtDa-«hiP» navesaUedvrtth ûii.f»i /-November», WeUesloy, from Mel Änf "i'00'.''*83 b!üe<,. November 13, Indem. itrÏÏhSfn'1^,M bohíos. 2.084 bales ; November a . si' ?om Me"»»"" for London, 2,850 "A,;-2«, bales; Horembor 17, Kssex, ibu s> Í00 J,w ^ndon, 1,181 bales; No lî'iSJ0* ?t""' from- Oulong- for ton i from «Lm Aboat. to "»U-Oh-mpion of the ÎAJ?e'buou.mî- ,or "verpool, M77 bales. MltaúM 'iPiM Provkras to list summary *rTu, ,Ä ,t0 «»»-Hebe. Melbourne Y,r »do? ¿.^J*1?? Moravian, Melbourne for keiónrrlnt^00 í1"18- *»"» ss>m ">»..'. tn«T ¡I%U."?T^r »°o"«d. 2s. «d. to 2s. 6d. ; I .^".0A' *».* £>. 2d. ; haudwa-hed, 1». 8d. to Iii KhÄ^'ii'' VÍ10 2«- "-Í 0rtliu^ *» Ej(1!»jiiii''.lla;:l"ttforlor« land, to is. 7d.; TUOTA t0 V'2d-! d0- (Inferior). lOd. w ^'orahtan. I ^"l continuel very oeprwsej, JeStaitt» S_cn,ul>'lwcost thattoaooept then Pffth&r1;""0 thejcarer; oonséquently. |Spmeni¡lS,°"for "ove,^', »«"»"upast, nearlyall Phavirt.?.^ î.howners* acoount. The following K i¿ X?.'?«l''y. for London, aieThldeo; No ^lEcSd?n,for ^aon, 10,808hides; No 1 '«»atar, for London, 8.0U hides; about to clear,Moravian, for London, 8,000 hides; about to 'clear, Hebe, for- London, .2,000- hides, Tallow. Ï ¡Transactions during the mont h havo boon unlmpor s tant, colonial consumption being nearly equal to supply. Very little .appears In1 tho markotr Our Îirfnclpal exports aro to the adjoining colonies,' only a Ow casks having boen shipped to tho homo market, and these have been on owners' account. We quote shipping parcels-Beef, £88 to £42 ; mutton, £44 to £46 per ton. Shipments have been-No- vember 8, Wellesley, t for London, 114 casks ; to Bail, Hebe, for London, 87 "caskB." Messrs. J. H. Clough Sand Co.J roport as follows : «Wool,-SincoJourlMt report per Beharthomarkot hero has boon well supplied, the fine weather having Improved tho roads, enabling bullock-waggons to travel again, and large quantities of tho now clip have arrived In town. Tho market has been well supported, and the interest In the Bales reported in our last, has been well kopt up. The arrival of t ho mall with nowa of the homo market of a much moro favourable eimroc- I ter than was anticipated, anel harvest prospoots ! having improved slnco tho previous mails, caused tho biddings to be oven moio spirited than at the previous sales, and prices wero fully sustained, ut el in somo cases an advanco of about jd. was rea- ' lized. This buoyancy, however, was not observed at the sales of this week, causod by tho uncertainty OB to whether tbo ships at present loading will arrive 1 home in time for tho London Fobruary sorits, and tho rules wont off at prices moro in favour of buyora. tinco our last thoro has beon nearly 17,000 bales offered by publio auction, besides large private sales, ot which nearly 75 per cent, was brought forward in Melbourne, and tho remainder in Geolong, tho bulk finding buyers at our quotalkus, which are as follow:-For greasy, OJd. to 13id. por Ib.; good ilcccc, 22d. to 2s.; superior, 2s. to 2-.. 2d.; infe- rior to average, lOd. to 21.(1. ; scoured (hot watnr), Sid. to 2s. fid. ; sllpo and liandwaihcd, lfld. to 20d. 0 he following ships have sailed during the past mouth v. ¡th wool cargo:-Novembor 3, Wollesloy, having 1.4SS 1 nice; November 14, Strathdon, 2,653 hales ; Novomber: 17, IiEsex, 1,181 bales ; total, 6,322 bales, lhere ara a'i-0 several ships new about completing their loading, uliiih will sail shortly, viz., tho Ydalo, Champion of the Seas, Moravian, Hebe, and Lincoln- hire-all with lull cargoes. The Customs clearances for this season I ni o been, siuco the 10th October to Novomber 10, l,d4O,8081b, ; value, £106,288. The appearance o£ the clip this year will bo found suporior to the gone- ral average ou those stations whore tho wool has boen wnihtdbeforo shearing, moro caro, as a gouoral rule, having beon paid to tho getting up. Thoro, are, how our, exception», from tho weather being very wot at timo of shearing. In many casos, on this account, iho wool haï beon shorn In tho grease, and scoured tinco its arrival In town ; and somo vory suporior v col of this description will, in conscqueiicu, mako iti aj pcaranco in tho homemarkct." LIVB STOCK.-Messrs. Powor, Rutherford, and Co.'s weekly circular gives tho following ropoit:-"Fat Coltlo- Number in, l,605,head. Trado, Ü2Í ; country, 503 ; shipping, 78 ; total, 1,665 herid. All tho cittlu In were sold, but buslaoss was at Its vory dulloit. PIICCB havo fallon even bolow last quotations, good useful beef selling at 12s. and 15s. the 1001b. Tim quality throughout has boon superior. Largo num- bers having crossed tho Murray and being no,v cn their way down, will tend further to ro uuco quotations; and, ni tho trade aie supplied for n time, thoy will not realizo much (¿vor store prices in this market In tho present state of affairs Tho jurchasosef tho country buyers havo been unusually loigo. Stock can now bo bought at tho mirket-yards li uch under station prices ; and had is not boen for their attendance, a good many eulie would havo boon lent out unsaleable. Under prcsunt' circumstances, tho question of boiling down might bo cntertainod, 1 cth as a speculation and as a means of stead} ing tho nirrltot, by Axing a minimum standard of pneo. Tho figures lately made public may, as regards the cattlo, be relied on, as tho iiitiisactlon is closed, tho tallow, &c;, sold, and tho raonoy lecoived. Boat bullocks aro £7 to £8; second do., £i 10s to £0; bett cows, £5 i o £0 ; socond do., £3 lbs. to £4 10s. Calves.-Num- ber in, 44 head ; price, 25s. to 45s. A small nuin Icr of primo quality aluuys command a gund mirkct. Fat Sheep.-Number in, O.OJfi. Trado, 4,471); thippfng, 1,670 ; unsold, 838 ; total, 0.005 hoad. 'Hie number is intlior under our usual lequlroiucuts. The trade-, how ' OMI' did not frcoly advance on last quotation», as many hid stocks on hand frum previous marketi. Business wnB not much brisker than usual. Wo understand thus ] lenty of sheep aro coming down. As soon as thoy ne tolland, prices will quickly fall. Wobogtoromlnd our constituents of tho necessity of gusidiug ogolnst; n glut of tho market, mich as occurred nome weeks buck, nnd to fcrward nothing that is not primo. Prices aro :-Best Mothers, In wool, 16s. to Ids. ; do. Bhom, 12s. to 14s., very prime ; second do, 10). ti» 11s. Wo havo fold 2,200, at coi rent llguroB Lamba. -Number in, 2,343. AfullBUpply in, ol fair avorago quality. Prices ranged from 7e\ Od. to 10s. 7d ; lots »,(,vcd off pretty freely, as last week's supply was rallier under tho requirements of the trade. Wo sold oi cr 900 at abovo rates. Etoro Cattle.-Tho oxoos ilvely low prices fat stock aro realizing aro placing a complete check on transactions lu this particular blanch, and we seo no pro.peet of an imruodiito chango for tho hotter. Overland dealer» will do will to calculato on lower prlcot for somo timo to come, and pu-ohaho accordingly. Quo- tations:-All bullocks,- from £8 10s. to £31Ss ; tpnycd cowa, £3 to £3 6s.; cows, from £2 10s. to ¿216s. ; Inferior rough lot«, £1 15s. to £2. Storo ! Sheep.-We havo experienced a brisker stato of mat- ters this week. The prices for fat steck Improving .nilli tho firmness In tho wool market, having given a brighter aspect to matters than was tho ose a foy v. ccltB ago, when boiling down and a fall in wool wero tho ultimatum many prophOBice). Young breed- ing owos, as ÍB usual at this season of tho >oar, aro the nott saloablo stock, and. whenovor roasoiiub'o prlcos aro OBkcd, salos cnu bo effected without difficulty. Wo hnvo large numbers under offer nt 10=. to 11s. for ii ethers, 7s. to 8s. Od. for fattening owes ; and havo sold 32.CCO young breeding owes at 0a, to 12s, a good por tkli of tbeso being for tho How Zealand niarkot." Messrs. Byan and Hammond report :-" Tho fat cattlo mnrket is glutted, 1,605 head having been brought ioiwatd ; of this number country buyers took 663 head, shippers 78 hoad, town trade 024heml. Businuss hnsbeen unusually dull throughout tho week, an! prices aro tho lowost this season as yet. Hie quality of beef has been good throughout, and veiy fuw info it'r cattlo have boen oflorcd Good and primo bullocks told at from £5 10i. to £0 15s., only four peni selling IIB high RB from £615s. to £7 16s. Good and primo quality cowa sold at from £4 10s. to £5 10s , throo ; ins from £4 10s. to £6 5s.; second quality »nd mid- dling bullocks, from £4 to £5 ; cows, from £8 10s. i to £4 6s. Wo havo sold 843 head .Tyson's, ficm tho Lachlan, bullock« at an ai erogo of £5 4s 6d. ; cows, iS14 14s. 7d. 110 Huthorford's, from tho Yanko:-Bullocks at au average of £4 Co., j omi g and light wcightB ; cowa at £4. Averages of other lots:-Dun's, from Donlllquln-bullocks, £6 6s.; CUP, £8 18s. 4d. Alleyne and Hervey's, from tho Muriumbidgec-bullocks, £5 13s. Od ; cons, £4 7s. 6d. Glass's, from tho Murray- bullocks, at £5 10s. 7d. ; cows, £413s. 4d. M'Kiniion and Lj dlanP«, from the Billabong-bullocks, £0 ; cows, £5 4s. 8d. Thoso hitter very prime. J. D. Atkins*, from tho Billabong -bullocks at £4 15s. 8d. Calves.-Only 44 hoad oflcred. Prlcos wero low considering the quality frime, 86a. to 45s. ; othor qualities, 20s. to 25*. Ftt bheep.-This niarkot 1MB been shorter sup- plied than during' the past few wooka, only (J.C05 hoad havlntr been brought fornnrd, but . oin this small number was too many for tho demand, consequently somo wero sent out unsold. Upon Monday, trado was brisk fur good quality ; but towards the closoof the niarkot on Wednesday, tho ddiinnd was unusually Black A few pihne quality wethers sold nt from IBs. to 14s. Od.; good useful .n ethers, 10s. Od. to 12s.; middling quality » ethurs. Ps. fld. to 10s. Vory fow owes to hand. A tow sold at is. Od. to 0s. Od. Wo havo sold O40 primo wothors (ilr. Staughton'*), at 11s. to 14s. Gd. ; a small lot mid- dling quality, 10». Od. ; and a few in tho wool, at 15s. Iel. end 17B. Trado, 4,407 head ; shipped, 1,570 ; sont out untold, 838 head. Lambs.-This market has been supplied with tho largo number of 2,843 head, prieoi ranging from 7s. to les. 7d. Towards tho clusu of tho n nrkot Bales were difficult to ofl'ect, evon at low prices. Wc havo sold 248 lambs, of good quality, from Rock- bank Station, from 10s. to los. 2d. ; and 160 from Mr. Staughton*, at from 10s 3d. to 10?. 7d." Messrs. W. E. and A. S. King'« roport Is as follows : " Wo report the market to bo again ovor supplied with p< od and primo cattlo, and tho demand to lia llmitod ; 78 head wore shipped to Tasmania. Monday,-A good lot of cattle from Mr, Dunn's station, sold-152 bul- locks, from £8 to £0 10s., average £5 0s, ; 72 oows, from £3 10s. to £4 10s., average £3 18s. 4d. Messrs. Ii ci voy and Alloyno's lot sold-08 bullocks, from £5 10s. to £0 10s., avorago £5 13s. Bid.; 47 cows, from £3 '15s. to £6 6s. ; average £1 le. 6}d. A lot from Mr. Glass's station-100 bul lcckfl, from £4 16a.- to £7 6s.-avorago, £5 19s. 7d. ; 27 cows, from £4 5s. to £5, nverago £4 18s. 4d. A small lot of cows.nnd bullocks, from N. M'Arthur'a, Mount Bouse, sold at an avorago of £4 0s Od. Tues dr-y.-267 head, primo and boavy, from tho Ooroo Station, on the Billabong, sold-HO bullocks, from £5 to £716«, average £0 ; 1 prime bullock, at £10 ; KO COWB, from £4 16s. to £0 6s" morugo £5 4s. 8d. A lot from Mr. Tyson's station wero told-245 bullocks, lrom £4 10a. to £7, avcrago £5 4s. id : 07 cows, from £4 to £0, average £4 14s. 7d. Widnesday.-Wo Bold 185 good bullocks from £8 15s. lo £016s., average £4 15s. 8d. Another lot of bul lrckB woro put up, but only two pens wero disposed of, tho remainder being withdrawn. Calves.-Tho mpply haB beon vory limited. Boat quality sold at £2s. fld. to 40B Sheop -Wo cannot roport any lm trovement In this markot. Best wothors (shorn) may te quoted at 13s, to 14s, A fow picked ones wero sold at 14B. Od. Socond quality shoop sold at 10s. to 11s.' HORSE MARKET.-Messrs. Purcell and Keighran report :-" Thoro hu beon a largo supply of fresh linea brought forward this week, and prlcos, on the wholo, were good, considering tho quality of tho stock. Thero 1B a demand for horses adapted fur coaching, and young colts fit for waggon work. Weeda are perfectly unsaleable, and any class of stock out of condition, excopt at very low prlcos. On Thursday wo disposed of 20 light colts and flllios, from Western Port, at an averago of £5 per hoad ; alto, a team of carriers' horses, at from £10 to £23. On Monday, a mixed lot of brokon horsos, in flrst-rato condition, from tho Lachlan, we sold for draught, £5810s. to £20 ; horses used to Btock, £310a to £16 10s. ; light harness, £8 to £20. During tho weok, a good number of town lots, which aro rather dull of i-nlc,- Inferior draught at from £20 to £25 ; for second class light-harness, £12 to £17 10s.; hacks, £12 to £19." LABOUR MAKKCT.-The domasd for malo labour ot til descriptions continuos exceedingly llmitod in town, and, notwithstanding the hay harvost is now,in full operation, thoro is scarcely any Inquiry for oltbor mowers or haymakers. Male domi sties aro in as littlo inquiry as farm servants and country la- bourers. Married couples ara not obtaining engage- ments BO numerously, and even for tbo host class of femólo servants Inquiry during tho last fow days has bren unusually light. Tradesmen, mechanic", and skilled workmen continuo to complain of Inability to Und employment at oven less than tho current rates of wages. The following aro, howovor, about tho rates at which engagements aro made -Mar- ried couples, without families, £05 to £70 por tnnum ; with families, £00 to £05 do. ; gardeners, £46to£65do.; groome, 20s. to 25B. por weok; shep- herds, £86per year; hutkecpers, £20 to £25 do.; general farm servants, 16s. to 20a. per week ; plough tren, 20s. to 26s. per Weok ; bullock drivers, on rood, ZÍB, do. ; do., on farms and stations, 16s. to 18s. do. ; men cooks, for farms or stations, 29a to 25a. do. ; cooks for hotels, from £2 to £4 do.; general .«vants, £25 lo £20 por year ; nursemaids, £16 to £20 do. ; laundresses, £30 to £36 do. ; house (raids, £25 to £80 do.; parlourmaids, £25 to £80 do. ; carpenters, Us. to 12s.aday; masons, nriok layers, black-mlths, 10s, to 18s. do.'; plck-and-«hov9l men, CB. to 7s. do. ; carton and store labourers, 40s. to 46». a week ; quarrymen, 9a. to 10s. a day. 