ABSTRACT OP SALES BY AUCTION THIS DAY. Mr. Alferd Bliss.-At the farm, South Brighton- Farming implements, growing crops and vago* ' tables, horcos, cows, fowls, drays, &c; afr. Job» M'Cohie.-At tho promises, High-street, _ St. Kilda-Stook-ln-trado of oomfactors, witt» utensils, horse, spring-cart, harness, &c; * K Jiessrs. How. Kinn, and Co.-At tholr yards, Bourke street-A Lanark colt. _T«e". ansia and Murray.-At their rooms, Collins Btreot- Galvanized Iron, grindstones, Bteam pack- ing, circular saws, Ac. At Hobsen's Bay Railway Shed-Plastor-of-paris, Stockholm tar, Roman co. ment. _ _ ZMébstb. M'Caw and ANOTnEit,-At the Boyal Horao Bazaar-Draught colts. HcEBrB. O. S Robs and Co.-At tho yards of Osborn, Gushing, and Co., Flindors-stroet-Building mi tcrlals. * -EtBsra. Beadchaup Brothers.-At their rooms, Col- lins street-Cataloguo salo of now and Eocondhand furniture and miscellaneous goods, damaged Iron bedsteads, itc. Mr. Willum Perry.-At tho premises, High-stroot, Prahran-Furnitnro and effects. Mr. D. J. O'Keefpb.-At tho ground, Sandhurst Tho wholo of tho mining property and plant ot tho Bendigo Gold-washing Association. ür. J. Bellin.-At tho ground, Lygon street, Carlton _ -Building allotment, Sales Auction. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 160 Boxes Cero Stearino Candles. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. "UT EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, Y/Y a at tholr rooms, 83 Cnllins- stroot west, on ¡thursday, September 27, at cloven o'clock, UOboxeB Coro stéarine candios. _Terras Liberal. THUBSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 247 Half-Ghosts Fine Congou Tea, To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. .Wrr EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION. YY . at their rooms, 33 Colllns- stroet West, on ^Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, Ex Algernon, C 6- 43 half-chests congou tea 10-27 do do. Ex Anglo-Indian, X 4-43 half chests congou tea 9-47 do do 6-47 do do 6-40 do do. The attention of the trade Is requested to tho Bale of the above fine lot of congous. _Terms liberal. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 60 Boxes Price's Carriage Candles. 20 Cases Pollak's Saloon Matches. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. fjir EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, YY . at tholr rooms, 33 CoUlnB-streot west, on Thursday, September 27, at cloven o'clock, 60 boxes Price's Belmont candios SO cases PoUak's saloon matches. _ Terms at Sale. "~" THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. ' 6 Quarter- Casks Burdon's Sherry. 32 Octaves Do. Amontillado Do. To Wino Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. *¥1T EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, y y p at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on -hursday, September 27, at elovon o'olock, 86 quarter-casks Burdon's sherry 82 octavea Amontillado do. , The above are a Bupcrlor lot of wine, and for posi- tivo ule. Terms Liberal. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. l8 Pockets Kent 1850 Hops. To Brewers, storekeepers, and Others. __. EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, YY . at tholr rooms, 83 Collins street west, on thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, l8 pockets Kent 1850 hops. The above are a flrtt-rate sarnplo and to bo sold. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. rr~~ 80 Cases Fine Sherry, London-Bottled. To Wino Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. fir BASEYand Co. will SELL by AUCTION, YY . at their roums, 33 Collins street west, on Thursday, September 27, at elevon o'clock, SO cases, each three dozen, superior cherry, London-bottled. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. "~ 100 Barrels Oatmeal, 20 Cases Primo Bacon. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. "\rr BASEYand Co. will SELL by AUCTION, YY . at tbeir rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Thursday, September 27, at elevon o'clock, 100 barrels oatmeal SO cases prime bacon. _ _Terms at Sale. _ , THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 160 Boxes Nova lib. Candles, Light Weights. To Grocers, Storekeeper?, and Others. "WJÊT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, YY . at their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on ¡thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, 160 boxes Neva lib. packets candles, light weighs In fino condition. _TormB at Sale._ **"" THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 2,000 Bags Fino Mauritius Sugars. Unsold Portion of Cargo ex Amazon. \- To Merchante, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. have received inatruo 0 tlons from Messrs Joshua Brothers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, ColJlns-street, OD Thursday, September 27, at olovon o'clock, Tho unsold portion of cargo ox Amazon, from Mau- ritius, comprising w, iotl-7 6-80 do 10-209 do 11-816 do 12-62 do 14-72 do 16-66 do 17-60 do 24-180 do 26-230 do 26-808 do Lot 27-104 bago 28-30 do 80-68 do 82-27 do 88-10 do 80-86 do 80-230 do 41-81 do 42-60 do 40-136 do 53-20 do. 9 he above sugars oro good usoful sorts, and to bo nord. _Terms Liberal._ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 35 Hhds. Cosens's Sherry. 461 Quarter casks Do. 106 Octavos Do. Ex Yanikalo. Io Merchants, Wino Mordíante, Slorokeopors, and Othors "TIT EASEY and Co. havo received instruc YV . tiona from Messrs. Jos. Henty and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. Collins-stroit, on Thursday, September 27, at elevon o'clock, Ex Yanikalo, The following choice batch of Cosens's sherries, tho only lot in tho market : * ovor VP, 19 hhds. pale sherry 140 quarter-casks do 10 octaves do. * * ovor VP, , 2 hhds. fino pale sherry 109 quarter-casks do 70 octavos do, treble diamond , 2 hhds. fine do do. » * * over VP, 10 hhds. superior palo sherry s SO eraorter-caskB do. « « * « over VP, 26 quarter-casks very fino palo particular crry 10 oelaveB do. ' " over A M F, 2 hhds. vory fine pale, amontulado flavoured. 86 quarter-casks do 16 octaves do. ' " over O S, O F under, 10 quarter casks fine old pale. J ovor AME, 1 butt very fine old, amontlllado-flavourcd 20 quarter-caskB do. ' SLAoverAMF, 1 hhd. fine solcna arnontllltulo.i AMO ovor 1840, SO quarter caskB fine old amontulado, > AMO over orown, 6 quarter-casks finest old Amontillado. The attention of the trade Is directed to tho above "lo of CosenB's choice and fine sherdon, the only parcel sow In the market, and can bo had either in bond or duty-paid. _Terms Liberal._ 1 THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. '"""" 46 Boxes Elemo Raisins. 226 Do. Sultanas, 01b. boxes. 22 Cases N. WiltB Choeao. More or Less Damaged. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. HA8BY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION,. at their rooms, 88 ColUns-streot weat, on _,y, September 27, at elovon o'clock, 46 boxes Klcme raisins 226 do sultana do, each 61b. 32 cases N. Wilts cheese Moro or less damaged. Terms at Sale. _ j_t«rad THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. £0 Pockets Kent Hops, 1866V To Brewers, Storekeepers, and Others. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, rw . at their rooms, 88 Collins streot west, on ursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, £0 pockets Kent hops, 1860. , Terms at Sale, _ Thurse "" THURSDAY, BEPTEMBER 27. 40 Cases Otard, Dupuy, and Co.'s Brandy. * 00 Do. Champagne V.P. Do, 10 Do. Browning's Old Tom. t For Unreserved 8ale. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Othors. IT EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTIPN, (V m »t their rooms, 33 CollInB street wert, on ursday, Beptember 27, at elevon o'clock, ¿¡cases Otard, Dupuj, and Co.'s brandy «0 do Champagne V P. do 10 do Browning's old tom. All guaranteed genuine, and To bo sold v. ithout reserve. Torms at Sale._ ." THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. At the Railway Station, Flinders-strcot, At Eleven o'olock Sharp. 200 Barrels Knight, ^Bevan, and Sturgo's Portland Ctment. To Builders, Contractors, and Others. EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, 'V m at the Ballway Station, FUnderwtroet, on wtday, September 27, at eleven o'clock «narp; . 200bárrcls Knight, Bevan, and Btnrge's Fortland cement. , ... Landed in splendid order, Terms at Sale. '. w THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 160 Boxes lib. Packets Condies. Mole cr Less Damaged. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION' . at thou- rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Thursday, September 27, at cloven o'clock, 160 boxes lib packets candies, More or less slightly damaged, and sold for tho benefit of whom it moy concern. Terms at Salo. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 2?. A Superior Lot of Fino Light Wines. To Wine Merchants, Private Gentlemen, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at tholr rooms, 83 Collins-strcot west, on Thursday, September 27, at oloven o'clock, 60 cases Clicquot and Co.'s champagno 76 do Epernay do 60 do sparkling hermltago £0 do do maitranki 60 do Steinberg cabinet 60 do Johannisborgcr 100 do superior line claret. The attention of the trado is directed to tho salo of the above really fine lot of light wines. _ Terms at Sale._ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 800 Cases Martoll's Palo Brandy. Guaranteed Genuine. To Wino Merchants and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION a nt thoir rooms, 83 Collins-street wcBt on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, 800 cases Hartcll's palo brandy. Guaranteed genuine Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. 167 Packages of Ladles' and Children's Seosonablo Boots and Shoes. From Messrs. J. Davies and Sons. Ex Moravian. Io Boot and Shoe Warehousemen, Storekeepers, and Others. EASBY and Co. have received instructions . j from Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their roomB, Collins-strcot. on Fliday, Soptombor 28, at 11 o'clock, Tho following invoice of seosonablo boots and shoes, Ex Moravian. Ladies' cashmore boots, olastio Bides, patent fronts Do English do, do Do doth do, do Do best coloured do do, military heels Do do, pumps, channels Girls' do do » Do do, elostio sides, patent fronts Dodo, button, do Do momel boots, livettcd, do Do cordovan do, leather lined, do Child's coloured cashmero boots, elastic sidos, patent sides So do, button, do Do kid boots, olastio sides, do Do do, button, do Do kid balmorals, patent fronts, pumps Ladies' velvot slippers Do Berlin do Do Brighton do Do Margate do Hen's Grecian morocco do So Brighton do So buff do, &c.; The above aro a very superior shipment of summer goods, and will bo Bold without reserve. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. ' On the Australian Wharf. 19,000 Best Blue Bangor Slatos, 24 x 12. 88,000 Do Do, 20 X10. Ex Adeuda. To Slaters, Builders, Contractors, and Others. EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a en tho Australian Wharf, on Friday, Septem- ber 28, at oleven o'clock, Ex Adelicia, 10,000 best blue Bangor slates, 24 x 12 88,000 do do, 20 x 10. Fine parcol. No reservo. Terms Liberal. MONDAY, OCTOBER 1. At Twelve o'clock. Without Besen o. Valuablo and Extensivo Business Premises, situato 80 Queen street, Melbourne, Late in tho Occupation ot David Masterton, And Those Capital Substantial Stores in She MOBt Central and Business Part of Sandhurst, Lately occupied by Messrs Watson, Henderson, and Co. ; and Messrs. Moses, Myers, and Co. Alto, ThoBo Desirable Building Allotments, Situato in tho Most Valuable Port of High s ti cet, Echuca, By Order of tho Executors of tho Late A. R. Cruikshank, Esq. To Capitalists, Merchants, Storekeepers, Hotol Pro- prietors, Wholesale Grocers, and Others, Desirous of Obtaining Firet-rato Stores or Building Sites. b W EASBY and Co. have received instruc « tions from tho ei ccutors of the lato A R Cruikshank, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, nt tholr rooms, Collins street, on Monday, October 1, at twelve o'clock, Loti. All that piece or parcol of land, being part of Allot mont 9, Section 0, in tbo town of Melbourne, and having A. frontage of 46ft. to Queen-street, by a depth bt 182ft. Oin,, with uso of right-of way 10ft, wide In tho rear, from Littlo Bourko-street, together with All buildings erected thereon. Comprising, Substantial brick- buiit commodious ftoro. covering the whole area of (¡round, w it» offices and other compartments divided off inside, and ad- mirably adapted for earning on any Inrge whole- sale grocery, produce, or other general busmei', requiring spacious premises. ThlB store is well known to tho trado in tho city, suburban, and country districts as that occupied hy David Masterton, And lately by Messrs, A. it. Cruikshank and Co, (In liquidation,) and, from its central and splendid position, equal ti any business premises in Melbourno The store is open to inspection daily.. Further pal tlculars apply 89 Queen stroet ; or the auctioneers, Collins street. Titlo unexceptionable. Lot 2. Allotment corner ot 'Williamson and Hnrgrowos streets, Markct-Bquaro, bandhurst, and lui ing a frontogo of 110ft. to Wi'llamson-struct, i!nr«ot equoro, and a frontage to Hargreaves street of 74fr Upon this land aro erected thoso c.apluil and spacious brick-built stores, lato in the occupvlloi of Messrs, Watson and Hendersen and Mctsri. Moses, Myers, and Co, comprising large store, floored with2ln. colonial hardwood, Cellar Oft deep, 2!ft wide, extending tho whole length of the store, with'piat'brm above, tiniilat dimensions, floored with O x 1J floorirg and having hilf the length divided by a wood ai d glass pirtitinn, which forms an extensivo waroroom well suited for a drapory or boot and shoo dei artintnt, rr could he easily subdivided into private dwelling apartments. Largo brick-built general ifllcoH, with threo dwelling-rooms ; four-Mall st-.Me, paved with wooden blocks ; brick and cemented water-tank, containing upwards of U.O0O tal ona water, and roofed over ; y ard, 16ft. by 16ft, ou clOEod w ith brick walls, Ac These premises are so well known that tho auc- tioneers deem it unnecessary to give lengthoued pvr ticulors. Tlie stores aro built in tho most Bub'.ta ti ii manser, very extensive, and with abold architectural dotation to Williamson and Hargreaves streets, anil havo threo entráñeos from Market tquarc, ami ano entrance from Hargreavos-streot Iho site is unri- valled, being in tho most cintra] and buslncts put, of Sandhurst, close to Fall Mall, and f ho various banks. Market-iquarois the great centro for all the outlying diggings, and wlioro all tho markots are held. Tho weighbridge Is conveniently situated in front of tho Btore/and tbo premises aro so built and arranged tint for.a trifling expense four largo and substantial stores could easily be mado by subdivision. Purchasers will be furnished with every information cn application at tho auctioneers', whoro a plan ami elevation of tho stores can be seen. Lots All that valuable allotmont of land, situate nt Echuca, having a frontogo to High-street of L chain 70}links, by a depth or anothei frontogo to LeBllo-street of 2 chains. This capital píceo of land Is situato in the most cen- tral part of Hlgh- stroet, Echuca, and for tho erection of stores or other buildings is invaluable. TitlcB unexceptionable. Terms lihoral, i Aid No reserve. Full pal tlculars as to title, Ac, con be obtvinnl on application to Messrs. Klingender, Cborslcy, aud Co., or tho auctioneers. _* SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29. t Michaelmas Day, at noon ' Splendid New Hotel and Furniture, Known as OUson's Gc Iden Flccco Hotel, : At Reedy Creek. ! In tho Insolvent Eitato of Androw O. Ollson. By Order of tho Official Assignee. HUGH SWAN is positively instructed by Jîdttard Courtney, KBq , Ofildal Assigne« to t io «oovoCcstato, to SUBMIT lo PUBLIC COMPKu IiON;>nd sell to tho highest bidder, upon thorru miscs odJniiilLg Messrs. Mckenson and Co 's luto steam quartz crushing establishment, at Blackmin'i«, Reedy .Creek, on Saturday, September 20, at noon, AU tho insolvent's titla and interest in and to tint splendid now hotel, furniture, and bar fitting, completo. ' . Tho hotel Is a substantial new weatherboard bulldlt g, finished and com. Ietedin a superior stylo; 60 feet by 82, with slilnplod roof, and neat v crail lah, with corrugated iron roof. Tho bar and front parlour are each 21 feet square, with an entrance hill both omi 6 feet wide. Tho bar-parlour and threo bedrooms aro each 12 feet by 10 feet. 1 ho furniture is nearly new, and of good qualitv, consisting of spring-seated cedar sofa, six hair-s iatn I cboirB, 16 American chairs, one round cedar tabln, o i > large deal tap-rcom table, two cedar wothhacd stands six new single iron bedsteads, with bedding, one four {iuU superior beer engine and piping ceinpl. to, ono arge new American stovo completo, trays, glasbwarc, crcckcryvvare, &c.; The auctioneer would call tho particular a' toution of Intending purchasers and speculators to th s splendid hotol, just adjoining Messrs Nickonson's ex- tensive establishment, and in the near v lenity of Bjtn's, the Captain's, Emu, and Opossum Reef*, &c;, whero a largo number of miners are at present, and are likely to bo permanently omploy ed, and tris la the only hotel in that quarter to offer them accom- modation and refreshment, and the reefs thora ni o tow producing exceedingly weil. And it must be sold. Refreshments provided. Terms-Under £60, cash ; above that amount, half cash, «nd the residue by approved bills at threo months'. _ . . ,, ! Kilmore, September 17, < THIS DAY. South Brighton. Farming Implements, Growing Crops, and Vegetables. Horses, Cows, Fowls, Drays, &c.; By Order of R.F. Jacomb, Esq, Official Assignee in the Insolvent Estate of David Padwick. ALFRED BLISS has been favoured with in- structions from R. E. Jacomb, Esq., Official Assignee in the Insolvent Estate of David Padwlck to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the farm, South Brighton, on Wednesday, September 26, at one o'clock, The whole of the Crop, Garden Stuff, and Vegetables now growing on the farm of 35 acres (more or less), n the occupation insolvent. Together with the Stock, Farming Implements, &c.; consisting of- 4 horses Saddles and bridles Cows 80 fowls 4 pigs 1 roller 2 ploughs 1 chaffcutter 2 harrows 3 drays ' Dog-cart Quantity of bags 2 sets harness 1 drill, &c.; Terms-cash. No Reserve. AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE, Sale This Day at St. Kilda. ÎNTENDING purchasers are informed that . CONVKYANÖES will LEAVE the AUCTION ART, 10 CoUins-atreet east, THIS DAY, at half j-OBt olevon o'clock precisely. « « ". . * . " , JOHN M'COMBE. IO Collins street east, September 26. THIS DATE ~ At the Stores of Messrs. Farmer and Bradley. 116 High-street, St, Kilda, Adjoining tho Bay Vlow Hotel. Unreserved Solo of Block in-Trado, Horses, Harness, Sprli-g-Carts, &c;, of Messrs. Formorand Bradley, Com 1 actors, who aro rclluquUhing tho trade. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by Messrs. .9 Farmer and Bradloy to SELL by AUCTION, on tho premises, 115 High-street, adjoining tho Bay Viow Hotel, St. Kilda, on Wednesday, Soptombor 26, at twelve o'clock sharp, The entire stock-ln-trado, consisting of Oats-colonial, Scotch, Irish, Danish, So. ' Barley Maize, wholo and cracked Bran, pollard, chati, &c; In quantities to suit. Togethor with the utensilB used in the bnshioss. comprising, Wolghing-machraoB, grain-Bcreens, corn-crushora, trucks, scoops, ¿to. A'so, 6 horses, all stanch, and in fine condition, and suitable for any work < 2 unbroken colts 1 spring-cart Harness, Ac. A quantity of miscellaneous goods and offeots. And, unless proviouely disposed of by private con- tract, Tho goodwill of tho business, which is now well established, togethor with the store, anti lease for tbrco years, at a nominal rent, tho landlord agreeing to purchase tho Improve- ments on the expiry of tho leaso. To parties about commencing business, this is con- fidently recommended as a perfectly safo and profitable business. AU to be sold without reserve For cash. The trade aro reminded that portions of tho stock aro stored in Melbourne, where delivery can be taken. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. Invoice of Points. TOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the importer .J to SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, 10 Collins street east, on Thursday, Soptcmber 27, at twelve o'clock, 64 drums raw Turkoy umber, In 281b. and 601b. packages l8 do redlcad, each lewt. 36 do yellow paint, in 281b. drums 20 do Spanish brown, in 281b. kegs 10 kegs omcrald green, in 281b. casks. All guaranteed sound. Torms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. To Painters, Paperhaugors, Ironmongers, and Othors» Solo of Paints, Oils, and Colours. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the impor- ters to SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, IO Colllns-stroet cast, on Thursday, September 27, at twelvo o'clock, Colza oil Raw and boiled llnfccd oil Paints, paporhangings Whiting, London waggon grosso, &c.; Further particulars and terms prior to sale. " THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. ' To Painters, Sodawater Manufacturers, and Others. 4 Tons Whiting, In small casks. JOHN M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, 10 Collins-street east, on Thursday, faept ember 27, at twelvo o'clock, 4 tons whiting, in small packages. Invoico weights, and tares. Tho bulk of the above is in tho stores of Messrs. Foxton, Jones, and Co,, where intending purchasers are invited to inspect. No Rcsorvo THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. To Painters, Paporhangors, Country Storokeopors, and Others, Extensivo Salo of Oils, Paints, and Colours. JOHN M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, In his rooms, 10 Collins street east, on Thursday, ¡september 27, at twolvo o'clock, 15,000 pieces paporhangings, comprising Pulps, floods Satins, bedroom papers Hall papers, marbles, &c.; Also, Colcothar brown paint Chromo yellow, bionzo Bed lead, Turkey umber ,. Brown and yellow paint Emerald creen, i.e. All fresh goods, and In fine condition, and To bo sold In lots to suit purchasers. TcrniB at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. To Painters, Buildors, and Others. . 6 Tons Whitelead, In 281b. and 601b. drums. JOHN M'COMBD is instructed by tbo im- porters to SELL by AUCTION, In his rooms, IO Collins Btreot cast, on Thursday, September 27, at twelvo o'clock, 6 tons whitelead, first quality, In 281b. and 501b. drums. All in guaranteed condition. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. To Oil and Colour Men, Ironmongers, and Others. Raw Linseed Oil. Boiled Do. Do. Colza Do. TOHN M'COMBE is instructed by tho im ?J porters to SELL by AUCTION, In his rooms, IO Colllns-streot oust, on Thursday, September 27, at twelvo o'clock sharp, 860 gallons raw linseed oil, in five-gallon drums 2S0 do bciled do do, do And 375 do refined colza do. All in fino oider, and original packages. Terms at Sale._ "~ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. To Coach Builders, Houbo Painters, Buildors, Papor- hangors, Oil and Colour Men, and Country Store- keepers. Email Invoico of Noble's and Hoaro's VamlBhos. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the im- porters to SELL by AUCTION, In his rooms, IO tolllns-stroot cast, on Thursday, September 2f, at twolvo o'clock sharp,. 16 gallona coach-builders' bIzo, In cno gallon tins 30 do do black japan, do 21 do olastiobLdy varnish, do 26 do papor do, fit two-gallon tins. All In splendid condition. Tho abovo small im oleo is a guaranteed shipment, in original packages, and to be said. Terms-Cash._ FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER S8. Sale of Fino Fresh Groceries, Stout, Bottlod Alo, &c.; JOHN M'COMBE will hold an extensive SALE of groceries, &o.;, In his rooms, 10 Colllns-stroet cast, on Friday, September 28, at twelve o'clock, com- prising Sinclair's Figs' jowls and cheeks Morice Cox ana Co.'s stout Lochflcc white herrings, half cases Sago, cheese Bouinion's assorted biwults Bottled alo, buk beor, itc. All now goods._ PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Important to Carriers. Farmori, and Others. Suffolk Punch Colts and Fillies. ROW, KIRK, and Co. are instructed to OFFER for SALE, at their yards, Bourke-street, on an early day (nolico of which will bo glvon). The annual draft (40 head) of Messrs. Bakowoll and Lyall'« Suffolk Punch colts and fillies. The siro Is an imported Suffolk Punch, a perfect model of strength, aotivlty, and beauty. The dams are half-bred, and havo produced an offspring exhibit- ing a combination or thoso qualities for which tho siro is so distinguished. . . Tbo auctioneers deem it unnecessary to do moro than call the attention ol thoso who desire first-class slock to this opportunity of securing horsos possessing thijrarecombmatlon of Btrcngth, activity, and sym- metry. THIS DAY. To Waggonors, Dealers, and Others. A Magnificent Lanark Colt. "D OW, KIRK, and Co. will SELL by AUC f\, TION, at their yards, Bourke-streot, on Wednes- day, September 20, at twolvo o'clock, A first-class heavy draught colt, four years old, by Lanark, and out of a superior maro Im- ported from Tasmania. No Reservo. _ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. To Farmors, Carriers, and Othors. In the Trust Estate ol David Lyall. "DOW, KIRK, and Co. aro instructed by ii, Messrs. Keady and Dick, trustees in tho above Slate, to BELL by AUCTION, at the Pentridge Hotel, Pentridge, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'clock, 4 stanch draught hones Drays Harness A capital hack Saddle and bridle Hone and dogcart Milch cows and calves Heifers. Togethor with, Several draught colts and fillies. And, ' Sundry other effects. Without BcEtrre, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6. Improved Berkshire Pigs. \--. -» --, --j--, -^»...vstroet, on Friday, October 6, 10 Berkshire pigs of tho Improved breed, from im- ported hoars and sows. Tho auctioneers would «11 the attontion of brocdors, fanciers, and others to this salo, as the stock to bo offered is really first-class, and of a breod fast supor st ding all others In tho estimation of judges. ' FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. To Gentlemen, Coach Proprietors, and Others. Important Sale of First-class Carriage Horses and Hackneys. "D OW, KIRK, and Co. have received instrac rV tlonB from tho exocutors of tho lato George Elinor, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at the sale- yards, Bourko street, on Friday, September 28, at one o'cloek, Iho following valuablo and well-known horses, viz.: The thoroughbred mares Caroline and Beeswing, in foal to Kelpie. Tho Tasmanian champion trotter Cannon-ball, a black gelding, and ono of the fastest lu Vic- toria, under weight, Is well up to 10 stone, and perfectly quiet in singlo or doublo har- ness. Also, Steam-Englno, black gelding, n Drst-rato match for tho above, both as regards pace aul colour, is vory quiot, and has beon régulai i y driven by Mr. Mimer in single and doubla harness Bay golding, 16 hands high, with splondld aotlon, and perfeotly quiet in singlo or double barnes;. Also, Benalla, Voltigeur, and several moro of Mr. Mil- ners picked horscB. Tho auctioneers would only remark that tho obovo Woro all selected by Mr. Milner for his private uso. Thoy can bo soon and Inspected at tho yards up ta- ttoo hour of solo, when fuller particulars will bj given. ' THIS DAY. At Quarter beforo Elevon o'clock Sharp, At thoHobson's Bay Railway Shed, FUndors-strcct. Ex Samaritan. 100 Barrels Honshaw's Fioster-of-paris, Extra Baked. To Builders, Ccmont Merchants, Contractors, and Others. f^ KEIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUO V3T TION, at the Hobson's Bay Railway Shed, Flia ders-stroot, on Wednesday, September 20, at a quarter beforo eleven o'clock sharp, Ex Samaritan, 100 barrels Hensbaw's plaster-of-porls, extra baked. Tho above is worthy tho attention of tho trado, being of best quality. _Terms at Bale._ THIS DAY. Without Reservo. On Account of Whom it May Concern. Ex Lorenza. 81 Cases Galvanized Corrugated Iron. - More or Less Daraagod. GREIG and MURRAY have received instruc- tions from the importéis to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wodncsday, Soptembcr 2 J, at twolvo o'olock, On account of whom it may concern, Ex Lorenza, O, 81 cases galvanized corrugated iron, consisting of 26 cases, 1,176 sheets, 0 x 80, 24 gauge 6 do, 800 do, Ci x 80, do 10 do, 460 do, 7 x 80, do 21 do, 1,060 do, 0 x 30,20 gaugo 0 do, 460 do, 7 x 80, do 10 do, 600 do, 0 x 30, 28 gauge. Moro or loss damaged. Without Reservo. THIS DAY. At a Quarter to Elevon o'clock. At tho New Shed, Railway, Flinders-streot. 40 Barrels Stockholm Tar. GREIG and MURRAY aro instructed by tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at tho Rail- way Shed, Flindors-streot, on Wednesday, Scptombjr 26, at a quarter to elovon o'clock, 40 barrels Stockholm tar. All faults. No reservo. Terms-cash. Observe-Now Bhcd, Fllndors-stroet, Wednesday, qnartor to eleven q'cIock._ THIS DAY. At a Quarter to Elevon o'clock. 26 Casks Roman Cement. 13 Do. Plaster-of-paris. To Contractors, Builders, and Others. eRBIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at the Old Railway Shod, Flindors-streot, on Wednesday, September 20, at a quarter to elevon o'clock, 26 casks Roman cement 13 do plastor-of-parls. No reservo. Terms-cash. Observe-Old Haüway Shed, Fllnders-stroet, Wed' netday, quarter to eleven o'clock. THIS DAY. On Account of Whom it May Concern. 28 Colls Steam Packing. 1 Bolo Hemp Do. 7 Grindstones. GREIG and MURRAY aro instructed by tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, Soptembor20, attwotvo o'clock, 7 grindstones 16 colls hemp stoain packing l8 do flax do 1 balo hemp packing. On account of whom it may concern. No rosorvo. Terms-Casb. THIS DAY. 21 Circular Saws, l8 to 30 inch. > To Ironmongers and the Trade. GREIG and MURRAY aro instructed to S ELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, on Weducsdi), September 20, at twelve o'clock, 24 circular saws, l8 to 80 inch. No reserve. Terms-Cash. THURSDAY, SEPIEUBER 27. Sherry, Clarot, Rum, Whiskey, ico. To Wine and Spirit Morchants, Dotlors, and Other.*. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, Collins-strcot Met,' oil Thursday, Beptcmber 27, at twolvo o'clock, 59 quartor-casks sherry 260 coses claret, 1 dozen 20 hbds. W. I. rum, primo samplo 10 do whiskey, do. Tocloso accounts. Terms at salo. No Reserve. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. " 160 Ilalf-Chokts Congou Tea. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Peal era, and Others. f^i RBIG and MURRAY have received instruc IT tiona from tho lmportors to SELL by AUO ÎÏON, at thoir rooms, Collins-strcot west, on Timn dny, Srptombor 27, at twelve o'clock, 160 holf-chosto eoogou tea. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. On Account ot Whom it May Concorn. Ex Bunker Hill. 100 Boxes, moro or less, Pi Ice's Belmont Candlc3. Moro or Less Damaged. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. |^(REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC lT TION, nt their rooms, Collins street v.o^t, o.i thursday, Soptomhor 27, at twelve o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, Ex Bunker Hill, 100 boxes, moro or lees, Price's Belmont cwJIiu Moro or less damaged. Without reserve. Terms-Cash. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 160 Boxes Neva Stearine Candles, light weights, 25 packets each box. For Unrcsorvcd Solo. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, r*i RBIG and MURRAY aro inmuetcd by Hie» IT importers lo SELL by AUOTION, nt thel rooms, Collins-Btreot weat, on Thursday, September 27; at twolvo o'clock, 160 boxes Nova stoarlno caudles, light « eights, oach 26 packets, No reservo. . ' Terms at Sale. ' THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. Important Silo of Choice Nav Goods. Just Landing and Landed. Candles, Jams, Sauces, Castor Oil, Confectionery, Baislns, Currants,-Mustord, Sardinel«, ko To Grocers, Storekeepers, Provision Morchants, and .Others. fIREIG and MURRAY have received instruc IT tionB from the importo« to SELL by AUC NO.-, àttbelr rooms, on Thursday, Bopteinbor 27, at Utlve o'clock, Tho following invoice of choico now goods, just landed in'splondld order : 100 boxes llght-woight candles 60 cases Batty's pint pickles, assorted 10 do Column's mustard, in 71b. tins 60 boxes Muscatel »lsiuB, in splendid order 60 half-boxes do, do 26 barrels pudding raisins, do 100 boxes Klsiuo do, do 26 barrels r.rlmo currants 60 cases assorted jams 20 do do sauces 10 do do confectionory 10 do castor oil 6 doJujubcB 20 do quarter sardines, &c; Terms at sale. The above aro prime now goods, just landed, uni are to bo sold. ' THURSDAY, 8EPTEMBER 27. ' "" 24 Tiorcos Fine Colonial Moss Beof. To Bhipchandlers, Provision Doalers, and Other«. KEIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC ' TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, Soptoitibir 2ÏTat twolvo o'clock, 21 tierces fine colonial mess beef. _Without Resorve._ ~ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. " 160 Boxcb Raisins. 00 Do. Sultanas. 20 Cases Elcme Figs. 100 Bundles Calcutta Lines. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. f^BEIG and MURRAY will SELL byAUC ÍT TION, at thoir room», on Thursday, Beptcin Str 27, at twelve o'olock, 160 boxes raisins 00 do sultanas 26 cases Eleme figs 100 bundles Calcutta lines, t Without reserve. Terms-Cash, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 100 Firkins D. R, Cork Butter. To Cheesemongers, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. .." f2< REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC VJI WON, at tholr rooms, on Thursday, Soptomber 27, at twolvo o'clock, 100 firkins D. R. Cork butter. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 70 Cases Wliitbread's Stout, To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Grocers, Storokoopors, and Othors. . GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at tholr rooms, on Thursday, Soptombor 27, at twelve o'clook, 70 cases Wbitbrcad's stout. A genuine shipment, _Without Resorve. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 25 Cases Double Gloucester Chcoso. l8 Do. North Wilts Do. To Choosomongers, Grocors, StorokooporB, and Othors. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, Septombor 27, at twelvo o'clook, 26 cases doublo Gloucester checso l8 do North Wilts do. _ _Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 8 Cases J. -. F., Joan Marlo Farina Eau do Cologne, each 60 dozen. To Perfumors, Hairdressers, Storokoopors, and OtherB. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, Septombor 57, at twelvo o'clock, 8 cases J. M. F., Joan Marlo Farina eau de Cologne, each 50 dozen. Torms-cash. No Reserve._ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. Important Solo of Oilmen's Stores, Groceries, &o.; GREIG and MURKAY havo roceived instruc- tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, September 27, at twolvo o'clock, ? An invoico of oilmen's stores Jams and jollies Pickles and sauces Sperm candles Patna rico OalB Bacon and hams. _Terms at ale._ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 8 Tons Colonial Flour. 2 Do. Pollard. To Millers, Bakers, and Othors. KEIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC _' TION, at tholr rooms, on Thursday, September 27, at twelvo o'clock, 8 tons colonial flour 2 do pollard. No rcsorvo. Torms-Cash. G THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 20 Casos Brcmner's Bacon, each 2cwt. 65 Half-Barrels Dried Applos. 100 Casks lud and Coopo's Ale, quarts. For Unreserved Salo. To Grocors, Storekeepers, Wine and Spirit Morchants, and Othors. fi BBIG and MURRAY havo received instruo .T dons from tile importers to SELL by AUCTION, attholr rooms, on Thursday, September 27, at twolvo o'clock, Ex Glpsoy Brido, 20 cases Bremnor's bocon, oach 2cwt, Ex Mary Bangs, C6 half-barrels dried apples. Ex Malvina Vidal, 100 casks Ind and Coope's ale, quarts, oach i dozen. No reservo. _ Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 100 Barrels Currants. 120 Boxes Kleine Raisins. 10 Cases Chocolate. 20 Casks Pearl Barley. 10 Barrels Ginger. To Grccors, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others, GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, Septem- ber 27, at twolvo o'clock, 100 barrels currants 120 boxes Elemo rait ins 10 cases chocolata 20 casks pearl Darloy 10 barrels glngor. Terms at Salo. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. ' 100 Oases Gulnncss's Stout, each 3 dozen. 160 Do, Champagne Vlnei ards Brandy. 200 Do. Geneva, half-cases. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Othors, GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, on Thursday, Soptombor 27, abtwelvo o'clock, 100 cases Gulnness'slbtout, each Sauz. 150 do Charapagno Vineyards brandy 200 do goneva, half-cases. _? TorniB at Sale._ THIS DAY. Colts. Draught Colts, To Contractors, Catriors, Dealers, and Othors. MM'OAW and ANOTHER havo received , InBtructloiia to SELL by AUCTION, at tho Horso Bazaar, on Wednesday, Soptemhor 20, at twolvo o'clock sharp, £6 very Buporlor horses, comprising SO very powerful draught colts, thrco years old, frem the stud of isaac Buchanan, Esq., Gipps Land, by tho celebrated entlro horso Clyde 10 draught brood mares, and 16 fine upstanding hacks. The auctionoors havo seon tho horses, and can vouch for their quality In each cluss, being very superior, particularly the draught colts, ' FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. ' Annual Clearance Carriage Solo, Of English and American Carriages, MESSRS. M'CAW and ANOTHER have re- ceived Instructions from tho Messrs. Miller ers to hold a grand CLEARING SALE or Eng- lish and American CARRIAGES, Ac, at their esta- blishment, 121 liuist U-stroct, Melbourno, on Friday, September 28, at one o'clock sharp, When tho wholo of their valuable stock will bo sold, comprising tho following vehicles : 1 Bplendld rockaway, to carry bIx, drab lining, lamps, ko, complete 1 turn-over slldo-ieat buggy, drab lining 1 top buggy, green liulng, silver-mounted 1 do do, drab lining, do, superior build 1 do do, do, extra finish 1 superior carryall, arab lining, Bllver-mountcd I no-top buggy, cut undor body, do 1 no-top carryall, sllvor-mountod S superior Boston chaises, extra finish 1 express waggon, very strong 1 do, on leather bracos 1 dogcart, suporlor build 1 secondhand carryall, very littlo used 1 do, do 1 tilbury, do 1 family car, secondhand, very good 1 Albert pony phaeton, Unod bluo and while, \- lamps, completo 1 do do, do green and whlto 1 superior Whitechapel cart, extra finish, cushions, io. 1 do, for business or pleasure 1 do, do 1 wholesale grocers' cart, cross-springs, 4tc. 1 ironmongers' cart, very strong 1 grocers' van, superior build 1 brewers' cart -1 Bpring-cartB, suitable for butchers or market gardeners, &o.; 1 Albert car, extra finish, patent top. Abo, Secondhand phaeton», spring-carts, harness, &c; _ Torms at Salo._ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6. Important Sale of Puro Merino Rams. M' M'CAW and ANOTHER havo boon fa s voured with instructions to BELL by AUO », at tho Royal Horso Bazaar, on Friday, October 6, at twelvo o'clock, 7 pure niorluo rams, bred by Baron von Luttlwltz, of Bimmenau, In Silesia, who obtained tho firet-olaBS gold medal at the Exhibition in London In 1861 for the finest and largost (leece ol' wool. _Imported direct from Hamburg._ " THIS DAY. 80,000ft. Lumber. 11,000ft. Oak Flank. 2,460 Doors. lOOSash-Doors. 800 Pairs Windows. 100 Do. French Do. 264 KogB American Nails. 100 Barrels Do. Plaster. S. ROSS and Co. have rcoeivod instructions __ * from Messrs. Osborn, Gushing, and Co. to SKLL by AUCTION, at their yards, No. 118 Fllndors »treet east (next Walter Powell's wholosalo stores), on Wednesday, September 20, at devon o'olock, Tbo following assortment of building materials : 67,000ft. T. and G. lumber, 12ft. to 18ft. 28,000ft. shelving, planed both sides and edges 11,600ft. oak plank, 24ft to 41ft. long, Hin. to 20in. wide, 41n. to 71n. thlek 1,200 doublo-moulded doors, 2ft. 6 X Ott. 6 to 8ft. x7ft. 2E0 single-moulded do, 2ft. x Cft. 6 to 2ft. 8 x Oft. 8 1,000 ralsod-panol do, 2ft. x Off to 2ft. 8 x 6ft. 169 sash doors, assorted sizes 800 pairs windows, 7 x 9 to 16 x 40 100 do French do 90 kegs American nails, 2Jin. 64 do do, 2in. 60 do do, Min. 60 do do, ljin. 100 barrolB American plaster. Terms-Under £100, nctt cash; above that sum, approved bills at thrco months'._ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6. Important Sale of Short-horn Bulls. On the Day Following tho Exhibition of tho Port Phillp Formers'Society. To Cattle Breeders Desirous of Improving their Btoclr. AÏE and BUTOHART have received in ttructlons from Mr. Cochrono to OFFER for "_, at Kirk's Bazaar, on Friday, October 6, at The following very superior andhlghly bred bulls: Heir Apparent, rich roan, four and a half yoara old Benedict, rcan, two and a half years do. Also, 2 very promising pure-bred bull calves. For pedigrees and further particulars »pply to the EUcUcnwrr, 66 Bourke-street west. ri as SKI- by ¡ PRELIMINARY NOTICE of SALE. * To Master Mariners, Railway Contractors, Navvies, and Others, Extension cf Williamstown, Between the Great Junction Terminus and the Town and Ray. MR. STUBBS is instructed by the proprie- tor to bring the valuablo semi-auburban and semi-town.proportyto PUBLIC COMPETITION, on the ground, on Thursday, Ootober 4, at twolvo o'clock precisely, As per plan to be inspected at the mart. lBt. The sizes of tho lots vary from CO x 196, moro or less, leaving ovory purchaser freo as to tho extout ho might wish to go. 2nd. Tho land is fit for immediato occupation, and divested of underwood, decidedly improving tho pro- perty by a delightful opening view of tbo Bay. [, 3rd. It is not moro than a few minutos' walk from the railway station or steamer. The train passes every hour, Note.-Tile man of business has everything ho can wish for in tho enjoyment of Mb villa cottage and grounds, without any hlndranco to lils daily aflhirB, for it Ib well known that mon living out of town oro moro punctual by an hour or two than thoBO living in. Their sleep is sweet, and men l iso lusty and strong, with a cool head and steady hand. Then, as to Locality, The town and harbour is on the left, and tho junction tcrrrlnuB on tho right, cqul-dlstnnt from both: In tho rear, Williamstown properties, the town itself being so Eubdividcd by well-established streots of intorcourso that ovory doslrablo communication 1b most provi- dently taken caro of. Terms-26 per coot., and tho residuo at three, six. Inn "Tiri t.lvnlvn mnnlha* llnn.-l.tr» IO rim. /in... ...... THURSDAY, SEPTEMdER 27. Moro Freehold Investments. Monthly Incomes, Opposito St John's Church, Molbourno. Four Good-sized Houses. Each let at £S 10s. por Month. To Moneyed Contractors, Small Capitalists, and Others, ; TV/TR. STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor 1YJL f>vIl° ls Bo'"611 ln the country) to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the prendía", LoTrobo-stroet, tear tho corner of Elizaboth-street, on Thursday, Sep- tember 27, at twolvo o'clock precisely, All thoro four frcohold iuconio properties situato opposito St. John's Church, and numbered 8, 10, 12, and 14 La Trobe-strcct. N.B To bo sold all in ono lot, or separately, with rlght-of-woy in tho roar. Ihey will go choap. Terms at Bala Titlo, freehold. Noto.-Tho publio oro awaro ot tbo prudent policy adopted by the banks. TUESDAY, OOTOBER 2. To Industrious Clerks, Mcchnnics, and Immigrants l.atoly Arrived. Barkly Cottage Opposito Barkly-squ.ro, Richmond, Near tho Swan-street Railwaystation. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC- TION, on tho preiritcs, Losnoy-strcet, onTucs Dctobor 2, at ono o'clock precisely, All that valuablo freehold Richmond properly and premises knowu as Barkly CotUgo, comprising parlour, dlnlngroom, and two bcdr.ioms ; alto- gether a vory snug llttlo neat placo, just suited to a man with a small family. No outlay roquirod but tho purchase, tho rest all ready. Terms-Half Cash ; tho residue at four months. FHIDAY, OCTOBER 6. Tho well-known Crack Sailing Yacht, PADDY FROM CORK. Just in timo for tho forthcoming Geelong Regatta. To Gentlemen of Independence residing at Brighton, St Kilda, and other Picturesque Waterliig-placoi. MR. STUBBS is instructed by the winners and owners to SELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, on ttio : Government Pier at Sandridge, on Friday, October 6, at olio o'clock p.m. precisely, The abovo-mcntloucd beautiful Bailing yacht, « PADDY FROM COBK. Note.-She is 9 36-04 tons, coppered and copper fastened, and well found. All her upper and ground tier tacklo is lu flrst-nto condition, and all her stand- ing and running rigging als;. Slio bos two mainsail', two foresails, square Boil, two balloons, threo working and ono storm Jibs ; also, ono balloon topsail und four working ditto, Marryat's Codo of Signals, and 4 to 6 tons lead ballast. The inventory «111 bo produced at the sale. ' Terms at salo. Refreshments, &o;, on hoard. WEDNESDAY, OOTOBER 17. To Markotgardoners, Nowly-Arrivcd Immigrants, and Othors. ' Wilton Grange, Elsternwick and Llttlo Brighton. A very Valuablo Villa Estalo of 20 Acres, Fit for tho Establishment of a Gentleman and Family. MR. STUBBS is instructed by tho proprietor io SELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, on the pro- perty, on Wednosday, Octubor 17, at ono o'clock pre- cisely, i A valuablo villa or markotgardon ' catato of 20 acres, situato at tho corner of tho Elsternwick and Little Brighton boundary, opposito tho resi- dence of - Shepherd, Etq. Tho deeds e.f grant (two) of tills completo pro- ductivo property aro in favour of tbo present owner, and moy bo inspected if necessary before tho tolo, so that an intonding buyer thss nothing to do but to moko up his mind to tho propriety of tho purchaso, ond to go upon it at once, having tho following easy grounds to work upon immediately, viz. : 1\. It is all fenced ¡and enclosed. 2\. All undor crop, and in cultivation. 3\. A nover falling spring of pellucid water. Torms nt Salo. ' AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE" " THE SALE of HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and EFFECTS advertised to tako placo at 1 QurnT's-cottages, Gardiner's Creek- road, ia POST- PONED until Saturday next, Soptomber 29, at ono o'clock. Further particulars In futuro advortlscments. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS, Auctioneers, PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Valuable Property in Brunswick-street, Collingwood. In the Estate of Edward Grimes, Esq., Deceased. By Order of the Executor, Charles H. Ebden, Esq. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS are favoured with instructions to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, on an early day, due notice of which will be given, All that valuable property now occupied by Mr. William M. Akhurst, having a frontage to Bruns- wick-street of 41ft. by a depth of 132ft., with a right-of-way leading to the Devonshire Arms Hotel, together with the buildings thereon. Terms, liberal, declared at sale. For further particulars apply to the auctioneers. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. , Valuablo Building Land at Sandridge, Having frontages to Bay-street, Railway place, ; Baglan and Nott sticcts. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have instruction to oflbr for SALE by PUBLIO AUOTION, on an early day, Several valuable building allotment, eoino in tim original Govornmont blocks and others subdivided, plans of which, with full information, may bo ob- tained of tho auctioneers. Torms liberal. Titles, Crown Grant?. THIS DAY. : Prior to Catalogue Salo. 7 Cases of Damaged Iron Bedstoads, For tho Benefit of Whom it slay Concern. To Furniture Dealers, Ironmonger«, Storekeepers, Parties Furnishing, and Others. TJEAUOHAMP BROTHERS havo received Jj instructions from tho importer's to SELL hy JTOCTION, at ihoir rooms, on Wednesday, Septembir £0, at eleven o'clock, P P, D ovor, 7 casos of iron bedsteads, moro or less damaged by tea-water, consisting of 6 catos Peyton and Poyton's stump bedsteads, 4ft. Oin. x Oft Oin. Do do four-post, ornamented, hoad and foot rail-, .' 4ft. Oin. x Oft Oin. Without Bcsorvo. THIS DAY. Cataloguo Solo of Now and Secondhand Housohold Furniture, and Miscellaneous Goods. To Privato Turtles Furnishing, Furniture Dealer», Hotel and Bourdinghouso Keepers, Storekeepers, and Others. TQEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will hold thoir Bj regular Wednesday's Cutalogue BALE by AUC ÏTON, at their room», 3S and 40 Collins-street w!, on Wednosday, September 2D,commencing at twelve o'clock, Tho day's salo will comprlso tho undermentioned articleB of furniture, Ac. : Bedroom Furniture. Singlo and doublo iron bedsteads, horrehalr ond other mattresses, bolster*, feather pillows, Cedar, mahogany, and painted chests of drawor.s, cauo-scot chairs, looking-glasscB, towel-r-ilM, washBtnnds and toilet-tables. Dlnlngroom and Parlour Furniture. CarpetB ; mahogany and cedar sofas, In hair and cloth Cedar and mahogany chairs, do Couches, chiironnlcrcs, sideboards, telescope and loo tablos ? Ensy-ehalrB, oak snd mahogany hall chairs, hat and umbrella Blands. Drawlngroom Furniture Bulto of rosowood furniture In bluo and fioworo 1 damask, couches, easy-chairs, Bido-tablc» W rosowood and walnutwood, fancy esneseat ' chairs, whatnots, rosewood loo-tables, dovi'ii . poits. Handsome gilt plcr-glassoB, in a variety of p¿ t . terns and sizes. Beauchamp Brothers would call particular atten- tion to their Wednesday's Bales. Pi riles giving up lioUBCkeeping and wishing to realizo upon their furn. turo and effucts will find the abovo rooms, with «lu auctioneers' long experionco la tho furniture tiudj, their easiest ond best plan of obtaining a fair market valuo._. " THIS DAY. " Prior to Catalogue Sale, Bedroom Suites ol Furniture. To Porticos Furnishing, Furulturo Dealers, Hotel kcopors, and Othors, ?OEAUCHAMP BROTHERS havo received Jj Instructions from tho importors to SELt, li/ AUCTION, at tholr rooms, Collms-stroct, on Wcdm. day, Sortember20, ahrco bedroom suites of furnituro, consisting ni - Bedstead, chOBt of drawers, vvashstand, 1 oban s, 1 rocking-chair, and towel-horse. Without Reserve._ , THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. To Dairjmon, Farmers, Dealers, and OthcrB. PURCELL and KEIGHRAN havo received Instructions to SELL by AUOTION, at their y «r Is, scar's Horse Market, on Thursday, September ¿J, at twelve o'clock, 11 cowa and calves 4 heifers, springing. _ All perfectly quiet, and good mllkors. Tho calves are got by a flrit-rato bull. -. THIS DAY. To BartlosPumlshlng. Furniture Dealer», ans a.l Household Furniture* aBi0«»% _0ntno Premises, High-street. Prahran "WriLLIAM PERRY (late 8y_<_Si» YY is instructed hy Messrs: GQhTs A*?6") to SELL by AUCTION, on the rac_Ä&1«h« Trahran, on Wednesday, SeptÄl'offej The whole of tho furniture and effects In »"j _Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, BEPTEMBEB 27 * TO Country Storokeepers^Qrocers, Dciers, m W Extensive Sale of General Mert_ji"» PLUM PERRY (lato Sym^ad p. , has recolved instructions Som uWd Petri) ». CsmpboU and Co. to SEttbv Incfe1 °* rooms, Collins-btreot, on Thursday «Ä.»»«I» twelvo o'clock, y> MP«inbcr271rt 120 cases Thlu's janis, 4 dozen cat*. »«^ ., 100 barrels currants, now fruits ^ **°rtcd £0 cases do, do 400 boxes Museale! raisins 4 tierces Sultana do 46 boxes »ago, Uno grain 80 Tnd JC!bTn'a ttUflUr,i'm tIn!> 'lb'. «a. 1». 20 do do Btare.li 30 do blacklead 120 barrels table salt SOO tons coarse s»lt 140 drums linseed oil, boiled and raw 20 do turpentine «"?«" 36 ttorces rcdlead, 281b and 661b. kees! 100 boxes tin platos, lo. Ix. lxx lyn? .".i, 300 kegs patent nails, ¿Jortef'lxpp'~d b« 8 t0gauge iUd COtrUBtttod taln» M>s«. "UM i do do plain do, do do 10 do^boUor plato, assorted, from S-Gtbsinchto 80 Wtlb?nebtMt Bmlib (ralcJt8llver' SuaranteM Caithnofs end other pavomont 20 casos Storey's oil baizes 250 «oils Manilla eordago, jin, to 61n 25 bales tbrco-bushel sags 80 bolts blotched canvas 98 do navy boiled do 300 boxos Ll\ crpool soap, 601b. and H2ib, each 400 cases whlskoy 'wu 8bhds. Capo wluo 46 casos do 150 do Burton alo, 4 dozen each 6 do fancy scap. £0 barrels piimo mess pork 20 half barrell do Terms, Liberal, Declared at Sala, Tho trado would do woll to attona the abovo salo.» the wholo of the goods aro of first quality. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. To Grocors, Storokoopors, and Others, Jams. jams. WILLUM PERRY (lato Symons and Pern! Will BELL by AUCTION, at his mut, ¿Si. Street, on Thursdwy. Beptomber 27, at twelve o'do_ 20 cases colonial jams, oBSOrtod-annie nennh' and greengage, in lib. and 21b. Jan. ' v ' ^__^^_Terms-Cash. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. To Sottlors, Storekeepers, and Others 20 Tons Flour Sulphur. ' WILLUM PERRY (late Symons and Pern) will SELL hy AUCTION, at his rooms, ColllS! street, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'clock 20 tons flour sulphur. ' Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. To Storekeepers, Provision Merchants, Dealer«, atti Others. ' 100 Tons Coarso Liverpool Salt, 10 Do Fine Do. Ex Champion of the Seas. WILLIAM PERRYJlnte Symons and Pern) will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Oollln. street, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'cImi, 100 tons coarso Liverpool Bait 10 do fino do. Terms at Salo. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Olsen, Coal Noptha, WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry will SELL by AUOTION, at his rooms, Oollloi. street, on Thursday, September 27, at tuolro o'clock, CO drums coal nanlha. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. To Country StorekeoporB, Dealers, and Olbin. 40 Tons Patno Bice, 1 cwt. bags. WILLIAM PERKY (lato Symons and Pern) ?will SELL by AUOTION, at his rooms, Golllns streot, on Friday, Soplember 28, at twelve o'clock, 400 bags Patna rice, 1 cwt each, TcrmB, Libera', declared at Silo. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. To Corn Dealers, Livory stable Eecpcrs, and Others, 8,000 BushulB Californian Oats, 4,01)0 Do Colonial Do WILLIAM PERRY (lato Symons and Perr/) will SELL by AUCTION, at his roomr, Colt» street, on Friday, September 28, at twolvo o'clock, 8,000 bushels Californian oats 4,000 do colonial do. Torms at Salo. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. Important and Eztonsivo Salo of General Merchandise. To tho Trado of Holbourne, Geelong, Sandhill, Castlemaine, Beechworth, Ballarat, Ac. Ex Lato Arrivals. TTTILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Fan) Yf has recolved instructions irom tho Importai to SELL by AUOTION, at his rooas, Collins-ilrat, on Friday, Septomber 28, at twelvo o'clock, Tho following choice assortment of mgrchtidiu comprising Grocoriee and Oilrnon'B Stores. ESO caBes Batgcr's jams, lib, ja-s 200 do do, lib tina 200 do do, 21b jurs 200 do do, 21b. tins 10 do randlod peel 850 do Feast's bottled fruits, assorted 170 do do gooseborrlcB 160 do do cherries 80 do do black currants 50 boxes Capo raisins 100 chests sago 100 cases sardines, quarters 300 do Feast's pint pickles, assorted 60 do do walnuts 100 do do onions 60 quarter-casks Champion's vinegar, Ho. 21 100 do do, No. l8. 40 cbbos arrowroot 26 barrels tapioca 10 jars ginger 80 cases Orlando Jones's starch 1 case nutmegs. Wines, &c.; 30 hhds. Hunt's port, four diamond 40 quai tor-casks do do, do 30 hhds. CoBons's sherry 20 do Dufl" Gordon's do COO cases imperial sherry, No. 1 600 do do, No. 2 100 do poit. No. 1 100 do do, No. 2 200 do superior Madeira 100 do claret, St. Estcpho 04 do do, St. Julien S6 do do, Pauillaa 180 do Burgundy 86 do Bteinwino 160 do sparkling mOEolIs 120 do do hock 97 do do muscatel. Terms, liberal, declared at sal«. The attendance of tho trado is particularly requested lo tho abovo, as it will afford them an opportunltj or i retorting their stocks with first-class goods. " ' MONDAY, OCTOBER 1. Stork Hotel, With all Fittings, Fixtures, to., So. Elizabeth stroot North, By Ordor of tho Mortgagee. Loaso Terminating in 1878, At a Ground Ront of £250 per Annum TT A. COFFEY is favoured with instnic H« Mons to BELL by AUOTION, on tho pre vSHf, on Monday, October I,"at ona o'clock, 1 Tho Stork Hotol. It is almost a now house, oontalning hug»"_ jw ¿arlours. snuggery, concert-room, and stwnl Äoms, on theVn-d floor : on, tho secoal floor two ¿ttlng rooms and fourbod- rooms ¡«ri on tho upper floor six attic bed-rooms. Ti- aro also suitable kitchens, wine-cellars, Ac.,0» Th^houloÄmiSy lumished, and every artlcl. Is In the bat possible orion It is also doing at tb» sSöää Äor«i»s There Wso a wheolwritrht's shop and «allmakert .>wm both let to roBpoctablo tonanta. "JESS desirous orinspocting the Premto, or * laming further particulars, can do Bo o» »PPta*« tithe auctloneerVwhowUl givelordorsteiview. Terms in a future advertisement. PRELIMINARY NOTICE To Grocors, Dealers, and Othors. BURGE and Co. .^£*^^_AÏ the^àA?AU(mON*t'u?.W T{^K*ff!SÍ_.» in a future advertisement^ -THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. To Grocers, Dealers, and Others. On Account of tho Former *T*T' *"" Terras-cash. No Reserve._____ -THURSDAY, BMVtXHmSvT^ To Cornfaetors, Dealers, and Others. B»ssi?-.«»«a: Beptomber 27, at eleven o'clock, 67 bags colonial oats SOO bag. Bert* «to ^ ^_ -THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER ». GEORGE THOMAS and <£_"£»"% AUOTION. on the Queen's What!, m ¿«v. September 27, at elovon o cIocK, 7.400ft ,9x4, 20ft. long. * horeBorvo. Terms -Cash, 