Sales by Auction. ' THIS DAY. 2o Bottles Best Spanish Quicksilver. To Ironmongers, Quartz Crushers, and Others. WEasey and Co. will sell by ? auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins ?treet west, on Thursday, 23rd inst., at eleven ?'clock, 25 bottles best Spanish quicksilver. Terms at sale. ? ~ tiiis~~day: On the Railway Platform, Flinders-street. 14 Casks Wollongong Butter. ? * Ex Wonga Wonga. To Grocers, Confectioners, and Others. \\\7' Easey and Co. will sell by VY- ? auction, on the Railway Platfrnv, Flinders »treet, on Thursday, 23rd inst., at eleven o'eloek sharp, Ex Wonga Wonga, ? 14 casks Wollongong butter. ? Terms at sale. ? ' THIS DAY. 100 Firkins D. R. Cork Butter. .77 Bagi English-dressed Patna Rice. 10 Cases Tapioca. 49 Barrels Barcelona Nuts. Ex Venus. \- To Grocer*, Storekeepers, and Others. WEasey and Co. will sell by * auction, at their rooau, 33 Collins ?treet west, on Thursday, 23rd inst., at cloven o'clock] Ex Venus, 100 firkins D. R. Cork butter 77 bags English-dressed Patna rice 10 cases tapioca 49 barrels Barcelona nuti. To be sold without reserve. ? Terms at sale. ? THIS DAY. 110 Bags Mauritius Sugars. More or Less Damaged by Sea-water. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WEasey and Co. will sell by ? auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins Btreet west, on Thursday, 23rd inst., at eleven o'elock, 110 bags Mauritius sugars, More or less damaged by sea-water, and . Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. ^ ? Terms — cash. ~ THIS DAY. Bacon, Chicory, Mustard, Bottled Fruits, IiMlOU Peel, Vinegar, Papor, Salt, &c.; To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Other*. WEasey and Co. will sell hf ? auction at their rooms, 33 Colling ?Ireet west, on Thursday, 23rd inst., at eleven ©'?look, 20 cases Brobner's bacon 20 do. ohicoryS 10 do. Stiven's mustard 15 do. C. and B's bottled fruits 3 do. lemon peel ? do. Keillor's 21b. jams 20 quarter-casks vinegar 6 bales grey paper B do. purple do. 20 cases jar Bait 16 do. Feast's onions No reserve. , Terms at sale. ? — - THIS DAY;' 300 Bags Fine Mauritius Sugars. To Close Accounts. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. 'W Easey and Co. Avill sell by * auction, at their rooms, 3? Collins street west, on Thursday, 23rd inst., at eleven o'clock, BOO bags fine Mauritius sugars. ' To cl«se accounts. ? Terms at sale. ? THIS DAY. 3000 Bushels Fine Danish Oats. For Positive Salo. To C#nf actors, Livery Stable Keepers, and Others. WEasey and Co. will sell by ? auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins ?treet -west, on Thursday, 23rd inst., at eleven o'tfi. ck, 30C0 bushels fine Danish oats. A. fine sample, and to be sold. ? ? Terms at sale. ? THIS DAY. '27 Cases Swiss Cigars, Best Brands. To Tobacconists, Up-country Storekeepers, and Others. WEasey and Co. will sell by ? auction, at thoir rooms, 33 Collins ?treat -west, on Thursday, 23rd inet., at eleven o'slock, Ex Cote d'Or, Cr & A., M. V. & Co., 6 eases vevy fin* Gurton and Ormond's Swiss cigars ? IS do. vevey sons Geuton and Ormond's do. do. 8'do. vevey *an« Maquien, Vaudel, and Co.'s do. do. The attention of purchasers is solicited to the aKbve sole. The cigars are of the finest quality, : and will be sold ; so the trade should not lose the ffeefent opportunity. ? Terms, liberal. ? THIS DAY. On Account of Whom it May Concern. SI Trunks of Boots 'and Shoes. Ex — : . Paser and Cohen are instructed to sell by auotion, at the mart, on Tinus *ay, 23rd inst., at eleven o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, Ex ? , 51 trunks of assorted boots and shoes. Terms at sale. ? THIS DAY. Freehold, Rosamond street, St. Kilda. 'XT Kinsman lias received instruc -L™ ? tjona to eell by auction, on the ground, ?it Thursday, 23rd inst., A neat three-roomed weatherboard cottage, with verandah, and fenced in. The ground has a frontage »f 39 feet to Rosa mond itreet, by 80 feet 6 inches deep. .Thb property is beautifully situated opposite the Greyhound Hotel, and being for positive s-alc ?fke auctioneer invites attention to the sale sis u good investment. IS»le at twelve o'clock, by N. Kinsman, uuc **n«*r amd Taluer, No-. 3 Moor street, Fitzroy. THIS DAY. Freehold, ?Smith and Condell streets, Cbllingwood. NKinsmanlia3 receivedinstruc ? tions to sell by auction, on the ground, ?n Thursday, 23rd inst, Lotl. , All that -valuable property haying a frontage of ?6ft. to Smith street by 100ft. deep, on which is built a brick house of fivo rooms, now occupied by Vr, Webster, watchmaker. Lot 2. All that yaluable land having a frontage of 50ft. to Cosdell street by 120ft. deep, on which is ?MOtod a brick house of five rooms. Sale at twelve o'clock by N. Kinsman, auc tioner and Taluer, 3 Moor street, Fitmroy. ? TO-MORROW. Jfrwhold, Wellington street, near Johnston street. 'KT Kinsman has received in X™ ? struetion* to sell by auction, on the yound, on Friday, 24th instu A three-roomed weatherboard cottage, with land 83 feet frontage to WStingten street by 70 Jbet deep. * The property is well situated, and is for posi tive ?afe. Sale at tw»lve o'clook, by N. Kinsman, auc titmeer aad valuer, 3 Moor street, Fitzroy. THIS DAY. A Chaffcutter (Colonial) by Robinson and ('--. Five Emigrants' Boxes. Qjreig and Murray will sell by . auction, at their , rooms, on Thursday, 23i'.i b»t.,..»t twelve o'clock, A chaffcutter (colonial) by Robin6ori un-i Co. 6 emigrant*' boxes. No reserve. T«nu— cuh. Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. An Assortment of English Furniture. From One of the Best London Houses. Also, Pianos. To Gentlemen, Furniture Dealers, and Others. Greig and Murray will sell by auction, at their rooms, en Thursday,- 23rd inst., at twelve o'clock, An assortment of English manufactured furniture, from one of the belt London houses. Consisting of — Mahogany couches, hair seating Do. chairs do. Do. hall chain Hat stands Beech lath Derby chair* Loo tables Pembroke dining tables. . : Also, Large madogany carved four-pott bed stead Handsome mahogany chiffonsier, spiral pillars, carved and glass back Tito superior mahogany dining table* Unique rosewood card table, on centre pillar and claw Cedar toilet table, mahogany toilet glasses Twelve very superior mahogany chairs, carved and plain backs First- class 6{ ectave walnut wood piano forte, byTomkinsen, carved legs and front, a very handsome inttrument Rortwood cottage pianoforte, by Murphy Engravings, &c;, &c.; No reserve. ? Terms — cash. THIS DAY. At Twelve o'Clock Sharp. Prior to the Sale of Furniture. 2 Bales SO Inch Light Bear Suck. 2 Do. 30 Inch Heavy Duck, More or Less Damaged by Sea Water. Sold on Account of Whom it May Concern. To Tent Makers and Others. r^jreig and Murray have received V_X instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Thursday, 23rd in»t,, at twelve o'clock sharp, Ex Commodore Perry, from Liverpool. TA, M under, § 462 — 1 bale, containing 12 piece*, 50 in. light bear duck, 738 yards 4ti — 1 do, do do do, do do do, 738 do 465 — 1 do, do do do, 36 in. heavy do, 594 do 466 — 1 do, do do do, do do do, 595 do All more or lesi damaged by sea water ; And, Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms— Cash, and 25 per coat^ jjleposlt oa the fall ?-?? ;pf the hammer.' Observe ! Thia day, at twelve o'clock. TO-MORROW. For the Benefit of Whom it may Concaru. 18 Cases Sir Robert Burnett s Gin. All Faults. Duty Paid. Ex Rapid. Greig and Murray are instructed by the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 24th instant,' at twelve o'clock, Ex Rapid. Tover 3 ? ? 18 cases Sir R. Burnett's Old Tom. More or less damaged by sea water. Sold for account of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms — cosh. TO-MORROW. 400 Bags Patna Riee. A First-rate Parcel. S~*\ To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Other*. VXreig and Murray are instructed by the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 24th ins?., at twelve ?'clock, 400 bags Patna rice. A first-rate sample. Terms at sale. ? TO-MORROW. 50 Firkirs D. R. Cork Butter. A First-rate Sample. To Grocers, Provision Merchants, Storekeeper*, and Others. Q-reig and Murray are instructed by the importer*, to sell by auction, at their roomsf-£n. Friday, 24th inst., at twelve o'olock, 60 firkins D. R. Cork butter. A splendid sample. Terms at salo. TO-MORROW. 30 Cases Mustard, \ and lib., Coward and Co.'s. 2 Do. Do., in Tins. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Q-reig and Murray will sell by T^ auction, at their room*, on Friday, 24th kilt., at twelve o'clock. 18 crises mustard, each 6 dozen, Jib. 5 do. do., each 4 do., |lb. 7 do. do., each 3 do., lib. 2Mo. do., in 71b. tins. No reserve. ^ ? Terms— -cosh. ? TO-MORROW. 50 Hhds. Mixing Brandy. To Close an Account. To Spirit Morchants, Storekeepers, and Other*. (.'H reig and Murray will sell by _X^ auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 24th inst., at twelve o'clock, 50 hhds. mixing brandy. To close an account. ? Terms at sale. ? TO- MORROW. 30 Cases V. D. L. Jam*. For Unreserved Sale. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. ^^.reig and Murray will s«ll by \^A auction, at their rooms, oa Friday, 24th init., at twelve o'clock, 30\. canes V.D.L. jams, assorted. No reserve. ? Terms — cash. ? ? TO-MORROW. 50 Half Barrels Dried Apples. A Splendid Sample. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Other*. Greig and Murray are instructed by the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 24th inst., at twelve o'elock, To clooe accounts, 60 half barrels dried apples. No reserve. ' Terms at sale. TO-MORROW: 45 Bolttu Ko. 4, Best Navy Canva*. 45 De., No. 3, Do. Do. To ShipchoQdlers and Others. Greig ana Murray are instructed by the importers, to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 24th inst, at tirelva o'clock, 45 bolts, No. 4, best navy canTas 45 do., No. 3, do. do. To close accounts. Ttrnu at »ale. TO-MORROW. 100 Half- Chests Congou. In Bond. A Very Good Ration Tea, For Unreserved Sale. ' To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, /T^.reig and Murray are instructed \J to sell by auction, at their roomii 0% Friday, 34th inst., at twelve o'clook, 100 half-chests congou, in bond. A very good ration tea. No resarve. Terms at sale. ? ^^ TO-MORROW. 20 Cases North Wilts Cheese, in Zinc. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Q-reig and Murray are instructed ?y the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 24th inst., at twelve o'clock, 30'efcses North Wilts oheese. No reserve. T«rms— cult1. Sales by Auction. TO-MORROW. 100 Boxes Holes' British Sperm Candles, in 1-lb. Packets. 100 Do. Price's Belmonts, 6-lb. Packets; To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. f^reig and Murray are instructed V_J by the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 24th inst., at tvrelre o'clook, 100 boxes Hales' British sperm candles, in 1-lb. packets 100 do. Price's Belmont caudles, in 6-lb. packets The above are just landed in splendid order, and the attention of storekeeper* vmd others is particularly requested. Terms at sale. : TO-MORROW. ~~ ~'~ To the Ironmongers of Melbourne and Suburbs, Geelong, and Provincial Towns, Shippers to Tasmania, New South Wales, Queensland, Adelaide, and New Zealand, Speculator*, Deal era, and Others. 50 Packages very Superior Ironmongery. 200 Dozen Three-hoop Buckets. 180 Nests Tubs, Eight in Nest.. 200 Boxes Clothes-pins, Whittled Head*. 30 Cases Fairbtmk'i Scales, Asserted. Beauchamp Brothers have re ceived instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, 88 and 40 Collins ?treet east, on Friday, 24th inst., at eleven o'clock, 6 casks T hinges, assorted sizes 4 do. Chamberlain find Nettlefold's patent screws 4 hhds. japanned ware, oak and gilt toilet jugs and basins, footbaths, washstands, shower and Bponge batkB 6 do. soup tureens, Griffiths and Beart's coffee-pots 2 cases padlocks, If, 2, 2\, 2$, 2f, and 8 inch 1 caRe do. do., tumbler and duplicate keyB 3 casks brass-head nails, bias* «*uffers, bras* padlocks 2 casks sash-fasteners, rack pulleys,, and. brass butt hinges 4 do. sets blind furniture, white door knobs, glass do. ; opal door-handles, brass door-knockers, &o.; 2 do. brass chest, till, and cupboard locks 3 do. cornice ends, curtain-band*, flwgnt blind ends, pole- bracketo, pole^SSgR. and curtain hook* 1 case knife-baskets 12 patent cottage mangles 3 Baker's patent mangles r C very handsome bronzed Jwt-and nmh^lla stands 20 register grates 78 bags cut floor brads ? -. 40 kegs Ewbank's patent Hoik, assartod sues ?200 dozen American three-hoop pails 180 nests tubs, 8 each 200 boxes whittled-head clothes-pin* 30 cases Fairbank's patent platform and other scales, &c.; Terms liberal. The auctioneers beg to call particular attention to tho above extensive solo of furnishing and builders' ironmongery, American goods, &c;, all being of first-class manufacture, and just loaded in beautiful condition. Catalogues in.course of preparation, and can be had at the rooms, 38 and 40 Colling street east, early next week. 220 AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. Beauchamp Brothers, Auction eers, Valuators, House, Land, and Com mission Agents, 38 and 40 Collins street east, late J. W. Bell's, are prepared to mato Cash Advances on Furniture and Miscellaneous Goods sent in for Disposal by Auction or Private Sal*. HOUSEHOLD SALES of FURNITURE-, At private dwellings, Carefully lotted and arranged, or, if required, fre moved to the rooms of the auctioneer*, on the shortest possible notice. A catalogue sale of furniture and miscellaneous goods every Wednesday, at twelve o'clock. Valuations. — Beauchamp Brothers, from then long experience in the furniture trade, and being conversant with the prices of all description* of furniture, &c.; j to hotel-keepers, and others re quiring their services, they feel confident of giv lag every satisfaction. 52 73 sep 29 TUESDAY, 4th SEPTEMBER. Great Annual Sale of Entire Horses. MM'Caw and Another have o been favored with Instructions to sell by auction, at the Royal Horse Bazaar, on Tuesday, 4th September, Immediately after the Shew, The following (very choice) entire hor*ea :?— Mount Wellington, 6 yrs old (Imported), the champion horso of all England Clyde, 7 yrs old, do, Clydesdale Black Surprise, 6 yrs old, do, do Bla«k Prince, 6 yrs old, do, do General, 4 yrs old, do, do Major, 5 yrs old, do, do [ for private *ale, to be seen at the farm of the owner Emperor, 5 yrs old, do, Suffolk Punsh Duke, 8 yrs old, do, do Young Tom o' Lincoln, 6 yr» fold;, eoltnial Lincoln Uaglon, 6 yrs old, do, Clyde#'dal« Sprightly, do, do Colonel, 7 yra old, do, do Young Douglas, 5 yra old, do, do George the Fourth, 6 yrs old, do, do Young King Robert Bruce, 4 yr« old, do, do Donald, 3 yrs old, do, do John Anderson, 4 yre old, do, do Sam, 3 yra old, do, do Young Champion, 3 yr- old, do, do Acheron, 3 yrs old, do, do Ploughboy, 2 yrs old, do, do Prize, 2 yrs old, do, do Farmer's Fancy, 2 yrs old, doy d« Farmer, 2 yrs old, do, do Scotchman, 2 yrs old, do, d« Comet, 2 yrs old, do, do Justice, 6 yrs old, do, do j Sottarly, by ColUngwoodj. imparted, t3so roughbred Grand Duke, do, do Milton, do, do Abd-el-Kader, by Forlorn JJope, colonial, do Admiral, colonial bred do Ogress, by Orlando, out of Woodro»e, in foal by Kelpio Hagar, by Hambledon, out of Prusell*/, in foal to Kelpio Tabitha, by Tronby, out of RacheL eligible for the Produce Stakes of 1861. Raehel, by Romeo, out of Creeping Jtean, in foal by Kelpie. Parties having choice breeding stock for sale on the above-mentioned or following day -would oblige by sending particulars as oarly as possible* »o that they may be advertised, and -catalogues prepared. N.B. — A similar show and sale will be held the following day, Wednesday, fith September, of cattle, sheep, pigs, &c.; 7 911 WEDNESDAY, 29th AMGUST. High Street, Mnldon. To Newly Arrived immigrant*. Successful Miners and Monied Publicanfc. To be Sold by Order of the Mortgagee; Viz. The Tarrangower Hotel. Including, Allotment 1 of Section 1, Town of Malton, Allotment 2 of Section 1, Do. - Allotment 3 of Section 1, Do. Allotment 4 of Section 1, Do; Farm, 198a. lr. 33p. Mr. Stubbs is instructed by the mortgagee to sell by public auction, «t the rooms, Queen street, on Wednesday, 2&Xh; inst., at twelve o'clock precisely, The whole of the above propertieSi situate in the increasing township of Maldon, inoluding— ? The Tarrangower Hotel, Now in full trade. The 198a. farm will be sold separate. Terms liberal. Further particulars as to title may Ks ascer tained at the offices of Messrs. Vuttkfeury and UtilsfODi solicitors, Queen street. Till* Quarariteed. 210 Companies. TO-MORROW. The Golden Cross Hotel, King street. Sale of the Whole of the Valuable Household Furniture, Effects, and Fixtures, &c.; Mr. Stubbs is instructed by the proprietor, James Colvin, Esq., to sell by public Ruction, on the premises, Goldgn Cross Hotel, King street, on Friday, 24th inst., at twelve o'clock precisely, The whole of tho valuable household fuv nituro and effects of the above popular hotel. Terras — cash. 210 . FRIDAY, 7th SEPTEMBER, investments. Weekly Income*. £240 per Annum. ' £52 per Annum. £52 per Annum. £80 per Annum. . £26 per Annum. Mr. Stubbs is instructed by the proprietor to sell by public auction, at his rooms, Queen street, on Friday, 7th September, at ? twelve o'clock precisely, The xindermentionea valuable weekly-income properties, to which he would respectfully invite tho attention of town and up-GOuntry capitalists, viz. : — Lot 1. Queensberry street, tho Lalla Rookh Hotel, producing £240 per annum. Lot 2. The house adjoining Municipal Cham bers, £52 per annum. Lot 3, The house do., £52 per annum. Lot 4. Jeweller's shop (Mr. Selig), Swanston street, £80 per annum. Lot S. King William street, £26 per annum. Lot 6, Store adjoining the Lalla Rookh. Terms and further particulars on a future day. _ ? 210^ FRIDAY, 7th SEPTEMBER. To Town .Capitalists and Others. First-Class Central City Property. Betwee* The Salutation Inn And , Mr. Levin's Extensive Grocery Warehouse. 1 . No. 166 Bourke street. By Order of the Mortgagee. Mr. Stubbs is favored with in structions from the mortgageo to sell by public auction, on Friday, thfey th day of Septem ber, on the premises, Bourjte street, at twelve o'elock precisely, All thoso two-storied stone and biick built oen trol business promises, suitable for The Capitalist who seeks a secure investment for liis money. Terms and further particulars will appear in a future newspaper ; and for title parties are re spectfully referred to Messrs. Muttlebury and Hallcson, *olicitors, Queen street. 210 Educational. Beaumont House, Punt and Domain roads, South Yorra. SELBpT BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR YOUNG LADIES, Conducted by the Misses Supple. In this Establishment the highest branches of a polite educatipn will be combined with a strictly moral and religious training. The house is situated in the healthiest and most elevated part of South Yarra, and in tho im mediate neighborhood of the Botanic Gardens. Tho system of instruction is that of Von Fein ogle-. Prospectuses will be forwarded on applica tion, wed 12 i^lergyinen, Members of Parlia V^ ment, and all other persons in the habit of leading or speaking in public, may speedily ac quire a clear nervous stylo of delivery by taking a Course of Lossorii of Mr. T. P. Hill, professor of elocution. 00 7109 alt Da c r e H o u 'e e » Fhaniltn Street West. Select Boarding and Day School for the educa tion of young Ladies, conducted by Mrs. Johnson, with efficient assistance. She professes to impart to her pupils a sound English education, combined* with moral and religious training. Nothing omitted which can promote tho domestic comfort of her pupils. Terms moderate, which can be hud, with references of the highest respeotability, on application. This Establishment will be re- opened for tho reception of boardere and day pupils, on Monday, July 9th. Pupils entering after the quarter has com menoed, are only charged from the time of en trance. Ladies' Institution, 2 Apsley-place, Eastern Hill, Melbourne. Conducted by Mr*. Damm, with the assist ance of Professor Damm, other compotent masters, and a resident governess. Terms : Day pupils — Senior Class, three, junior, two guineas. Boarders -- Senior, 20 ; junior, 13 guineas. Music — By the Governess, two ; by a master, three guinea* per quarter. A reduction allowed to sister*. \- ? go 04 oct 3 /~\lympic Institute of Victoria, V_/ Corner of Flinders lane and Ru9sell street, by L. J. Johnson teacher of physical exercises on Ling's system, adapted for the use of sick aa healthy persona. A number of ladiee and gentle men, of ages from five to sixty years, are at pre sent pupils of the institute, ana will testify to its usefulness. ? 8 14 ? Melbourne Mechanics' Institu tion and School of Afte. Tine Institution was founded in.^18,3% and during eighteen years of its existenoS it was almost1 the sola Public Literary Institution in the Colony. It has for its object tho diffusion of Literary, Scientific, and other useful knowledge amongst its members, whioh is sought to bo at tained by means of a Circulating Library, a Reading Room, the establishment of Classes, and tho delivery of Lectures on Natural and Experi mental Philosophy, Practical Mechanics, Astrono imy, Chemistry, Natural History, Literature, and the Useful and Ornamental Arts ; particularly those which have more immediate reference to the colony. The Library, which now numbers more than Seven Thousand Volumes, is a valuable asiort ment of the choicefit treasures of Literature. By periodical consignment from Britain, and pur chases in the colony on the arrival of every mail, of new works of interest, it keeps pace with the general advancement of Literature^ and affords the members the opportunity of perusing the moRt recent products of the Press. The Reading Room is liberally supplied with all the Colonial Newspapers, and those of the British and American capitals, also with tho principal Magazines, Reviews, and other Perio dicals : Globes, Maps, Tablet of Reference,Fricc« Cunent, &c;, &c.; The Library of Reference is well stocked with Works of a Technical nature — Encyclopaedias, Gazetteers, Dictionaries, Directories, and files of Newspapers — British, Continental, American and Australian. The Lectures delivered in the Institution have most of them been of very superior order. Mem bers are entitled to admission, «nd ore privileged to be accompanied by a lady. Classes for the study of the Languages, Musio, and Phonography, are now in operation. The Committee are desirous of affording every facility in their power for the establishment of other classes^. Chea* and draughts ore provided for tho me oi membra in the Library. * THE TERMS ARE EXCEEDINGLY MODERATE. No difficulties beset those who propose to joia vpon payment of the entrance fee and subsorip tion, the new member is placed In a poiition to avail himself of all the privileges of the Institu tion, and can join at any period of tho year. Annual tubscription, entitling members to thejuge of Library Educational. Reading Room, Lectures, &c.; One Pound. Entrance fee, payable by new members ? Ten Shilling* Life membership ? Ten Guinea*. Artisans — in quarterly pay ments of ? Five Shillings Do. — entrance Tfy; payable by new members ? Five Shillings Ladies ore admitted as members in their owi name, without the entrance fee. The 'Ladies Newspaper' is placed on Library table for tho use of Lady members. A deposit of One pound is required from mom bers borrowing books from the Library. The eons nnd apprentices of members, unde eighteen years of age, may be admitted as iunio members, upon payment of the regular entrant foe, and Ten (shillings annuul subscription. Members have the privilege of gaining for a*; friend, who shall live beyond the pwcinets o Melbourne, or who shall be a naval or military officer on actual service, or the captain of a ves sel trading to tho port, free admission to thi Reading Room, for a period of one month in anj year, by entering the name and addrew in th- Introduction Book. The Reading Room i» open daily, from 8 a.n- to 10 p.m. The Library is open from 9 to 12 a.m. ; 8 to p.m. ; mid 7 to 0 p.m. W. THOMPSON, Secretary. NEWSPAPERS. British and Fobeiox.— The Times, The Dailj News, The Record, Illustrated News f2 copies) Spectator, Economist, Mining Journal, Gardener* Chronicle, Home News (4 copies), Nonconformut LadieB1 Newspaper, British Workman, Band 0 Hope Roview, The Patriot, The Examiner Liverpool Albion, European Times, Scotsman Glasgow Herald, Dublin Evening Mail, America) Papers (late dates.), Moniteur Universel, L'lllus tration Journal Universel, L'Independonce Beige Dlgemeine Zeitung, South African Advertiser Aagga Times. Y VicrrottUN. — Argus, Age, Herald, Leoaor Examiner, Christian Times, Melbourne Punch Mining Journal, Australian Builder, Bear' Circular and Rural Economist, Journal of Com merce and Weekly BLU of Entry, DeuUchi Zoitung, Temperance . Ijmes, Collingwood Ob server, Prahron and St. Kilda Advertiser, St Kilda Chronicle, Williamstown Independent Gcolong Advertiser, Albury Border Post, Gefr long Agricultural and Horticultural Gotette Kyneton Observer, Bendigo Mercury, Bendig- Advertiser, Kilmore Examiner, Ovens anc Murray Advertiser, Ovens Constitution, Tarrcn gower TlmeB, Mount Ararat Advertiser, Coatle^ maine Advertiser, Mount Aloxander Mail, Mary borough and Dunolly Advertiser, Belfast Banner Glpps Land Guardian, Smythesdalo Despatch Portland Guardian, Ballaarut Times, Balloarai Star. Colonial. — Sydney Morning Herald, Soutr Australian Register, Launceston- Examinee Hobart Town Daily Mercury, New Zealando! (Auckland), Wellington Independent. QUARTERLY REVIEWS. Edinburgh 2 copies, British Quarterly, Quar terly 2 copies, Bentley's Quarterly, North Bri tish 2 copies, National Review, Westminstoi Review, London Review, Australian Medica Journal, Quarterly Journal and Transaction* 0: the Pharmaceutical Society of Victoria. MAGAZINES. Blackwood, 2 copies j Colburn's New Monthly 2 do.; Dublin University, 2 do.; Bentley's Miscel lany, 2 do.; United Service, Eclectic, Saturday Review, Critic, Tait, 2 copies ; Fraser, 2 do.; Ari Journal, Builder, Athena;um, 2 copies; Lancot Law Times, Notes and Queries, Punch, 3 copios Family Herald, 3 do. Chambers' Journal, 3 do. Practical Mechanics' Magazine, Journal of th- Society of Arts, Army List, Navy List, Civil En gineer and Architect's Magazine, Nautical, Me chanics' Magazine, Hunt's Merchants' Magazine, Philosophical Magazine, London; Philosophical Journal, Edinburgh ; Magazine of Natural His tory, Illustrated Magazine of Natural History, lale of Two Cities, 3 copies; All the Yea* Round, 3 do.; Virginians, 3 do.; Titan, Bank ers' Magazine, Victorian Monthly Magazine. WORKS OF REFERENCE. Government Gazette, Bradshaw's Guide, Vote* snd Proceedings of Legislative Councils of Victo ria and New South Wales, Acts and Ordinance* of the Victoria and New South Wales Legisla ture*, Callaghan's Act and Ordinances of New South Wales, Adamson's Acts and Ordinances of Victoria, 3 vols. ; Encyclopedias, Directories of Melbourne and Suburbs, Geelong, Ballaarat, London, Liverpool, &c; j News Files, Map*, Globes. *«. Companies. The Liverpool and London Pu e and Life Insurance Company. Chairman — The Hon. Sir James F. Palmor, President of the Legislative Council. Subscribed Capital, £1,887,020. Paid-up Capital and Accumulated Funds, £1,213,317, 3f which L19O.00O is invested in Vietona and New South Wale*. Fire and Life Losses paid by the Company sine* its establishment to the end of ISflt, £1,579,087. Fiiie Dbpabtmbnt. This Company issues policies on property and -oods subject to tho reduced rates of premium. ' The Fire income in 1859 was L295.414. Lrru DnvAnnrBT:T. Life Policies are issued with all the advantages )f a mutual company, combinod with the stability a be derived from an influential proprietary, a iubscribed capital of nearly Two Millions, and iccumulated funds including paid-up capital to ;he amount of £1,213,317. The life Income in. 1859 exceeded £127,415. Losses are paid in Melbourne. No extra charge to volunteers for active service n Victoria. Bates »oa Simplb Aiiuiaxci 01 21QQ, Age. Payment. Ago. Payment. Age. Payment. ' £ s. d. £ ?. d. £ i. d. 25 1 17 8 35 2 8 6 « ? I 6 t 30 2 2 8 40 2 IS S 50 i 19 8 Bath ron glOO, ttith Ouxiuxtebd Bokpi. ? Ate. Payment. Agv. Payment. Age. Payment. £ r. (1. B b. a. £ a. A. 25 2 8 10 85 B 16 5 45 8 17 2 SO S 9 8. 40 - 3 5 8 40 4 12 I .. The bonus being guaranteed, is not, as in most ther companies, dependent upon profits, and i* a follows : — If a policy for £1000 is taken out at 90 yoar* of ige, it will have increased — In 5 years to £1036 16s. 8d. In 10 years to £1090 8s. 4d. In 20 years to £1271 5s. In 30 years to £1542 10s. In 40 years to £1904 3s. 4d. )r, if the life dies between any of the last four leriods, the policy will be added to at the rate of 8s. Id. per cent, per annum. No charge is made for voyage, between any lorts of Australia, Van Diemen's Land, or New Zealand, seafaring persons by profession excepted. Policy-holders travelling can pay their their ro icwal premiums to, or in the event of death claim* an be made from, any of the branches, — viz., in iydney, New Zealand, Van Diemeu'* Land, Now cork, London, &c; The rates charged in Australia ore tho same a* hose used in England. The many various modes of effecting Life In urance so as to make provision for a family, or to ccomplish some financial object, can be learned n atKlicatlon to the Resident Secretary. ?3TB ta ? W. MURRAY ROBfe. -? . Companies. Royal Insurance Company. (Fire and Life) of LIVERPOOL AND LONDON. Capital, £2,000,000 sterling. Fund* in hand to meet claims about £000,089. Finn. Policies issued at. moderate rates of premium J Losses immediately settled in the colony. LIFB. Large bonus declared, £2 per cent, per annum,; ? on the sum assured, on all policies of two y«ar*-t standing and upward*. Division of profits every five yenrt. Days of grace allowed with the moit libsral CiterpretB.- : tion. ? No extra charge to member* 6t voluitoer brigades. The undersigned are now authorised to Imu* Life Polici**, without pr«viou* r*f«renoe' t* England. ? BRIGHT BROTHERS *nd CO, agaxU. ? 45 80 aep 12 alt Melbourne Fire InVuranoo COMPANY. ?Head Office*, 26 Collins streef we*'ft William Perry, J'P., Chairman. Andrew Sutherland, J.P., Vicff'CllauSmJm Capital, £500,000. Subscribed and guaranteed, £150,00*. Buildings, merchandise* and farm stook, ill - sured at the loweut ourrent reduced rfcttf* of pr» ? ? mium. This Company are also prepared to receive pro* ? posals from farmers, &c.;,for insurance on agricul tural produce, farming stock, and implements, and utensils of husbandry. CHRISTR. HALL, *teerettty. Melbourne, Mareh. 1860. ? 86 0 V Australasian Insurance Xl COMPANY. Head Office? Hall of Commerce, Melbourne. Directors : Chairman: Robert Kerr, Esq., J.P. Vioe-*halrman : W. II. Tuckett, Esq., J.P. Je*eph Sutherland, E&q.; Edward Coh«m, B*-1^ E. L- Monteflore, Jfcq., J.P. J.P. ' James Spower«, Esq. Actuary : Mr G. C. Co-n^ji. Solicitors r Messrs Muttlabury and MaHeson. Geblono BnANOH, Markot nquare, \ Agents. ' For Fire Department:] Ballaarat — Spencer Wilson. Beechworth — James I6gram. Brighton — S. P. Simmonds. ? Castlemaine^ — Collyna and C«. Emerald Hill— W. G. Grave. Maryboroxigh — John Levy aad San. Portland— Thomas Must. Richmond — John Wright. South Yarra and Prahran — Jame* Bvw t». Sandhurst-JPhillip Kennedy. Sondridge — 'reliant and Compton. Williamstown — James Lawrence. Surveyor for Marine Department : Mr. W. G. Grave. WILLIAM MACREDIE, 45 05 oct 10 . Seoretary Pphe Tabilk Vineyard Prox^riet^ry, Lower Gou.burn River, B*inf a Company formed for the Cults. v»*£a*. a( the Vine, And the Production of Wines, Brandies, te. Capital, £25,000. In 5000 shares of £5 each. With powet to increase,the capital to £106,009,. Under an act of incorporation with limited lia bility. : Deposit — 10s. per share, to be paid on appEcatiwa ; 10s. per share upon allotment ; further 0*11* not to exceed 10s. per share, and of which not leas than two month*' notice for 000)1 «M shsS be. ^ven. ' Trustee* :? ? The Hon. C. H. Ebden, MX.*. . James Black-wood, Esq. Provisional Directory Xiehard Eades, A.M., Mayor of Mcfl»»u»fce The Hon. David Wilkie, M.L.C. ©eorge Holmes, Esq., J.P., Esiiaadont Hugh Glass, Esq., J.P., Flemingtojt R. H. Home, Esq. Samuel Rentsch, Esq., Swiss Consul The Hon. G. S. Evans, L.L.D., M.L.A. J. P. Bear, Esq. J. W. Mackenna, Consul- General Atg-»*fcte Confederation. J. H. Brooke, Esq., M.L.A. X. R. D. Bond, Esq., Murchisox. Tho Hon. Donald Kennedy, M.L.C-. Manager of the Works and itQawpal Vigneron : M; Ludovi* Mari». Banker* : ' fibs Bank of Viotori*. Solicitor* : Massrt. Bennett, Taylor, and Sandferft.. Applications, for share* to b« addrassed te £h« ftseretary, at th« office* of the Comp«»J^ « Queen street, Melbourne. August 1, 1860. Form of Application, for Share*. ?Jo the Provisional Directors of the Tabilk Vine yard Proprietary. Gentlemen,— I request that you will allot me shares of £5 each in the Tabilk Vmsrwd Projirie tary, and I hereby undertake to accept the same or any smaller number which you may allot me* and te pay aliealls thereon. I enclose herewith the deposit of ten 6 hilling* per share upon tha number oi shares now applied ior, and I agree to execute the deed of settlement of the eompnny in respect thereof at su»k fete* and jnenaer as you may appoint. . I am, Gentlemen, Your obedient servan't, - Name in full Address Business or Profes»ion Date ?; ? , ? 44 aoo Victoria Eire and Marine Insurance Company. 3fcnj»w«red by Act of Legislative Gbuaeft. : Established in 1849. ' . - - Capital, £1,000,000. ? Directors — Th» Honorable Henry.Miller, M.L.6., Whswjucb. William Hull, J.P.,. Deputy Chairman. ' John Dinwoodie, J.P. John Brown.. George Kirk. Hon. Wm. Highett, M.L.«; Fire Dbpabtmhht. Polieie* of Insurance against Fire are gra»t*el I on buildings and all descriptions of goods *ad I property within the colony of Victoria, immedi- I ' ately on application, and at the lowest rate* at I premium. No charge made for survey ox »-feet I fees, and all losses promptly settled. I Marine Branch. I Insurance on ships and merchandise ia. haAte I and at sea is also effected. , I Claims .for Loss and Average on Polioie* to I England may bo made payable at the Brsnoti I Office of the Company jn London* l$ Grecham I street* ' AOBNTS IN VlCIO*Il, j For receiving Proposal* onlysT3 I Geelong, Wm. Jack. I Portland, G. G. Crouch. I Warrnambool, Thomas Denny. I Castlemaine, Henry Christopher*!*- I Sandhurst, G. E. Tolhunt.. ' I Ballaarat, W. C. Smith.J I Belfast, Lennox Trew. I Hamilton, Alex. Learraontk. I Collingwood, John Bellin. I St. Kilda, Henry Wilkinwt I Prahran, J. B. Crews. I ' Carlton, G. Rushall. I Richmond, Joseph Mattm. I Williamstown, John Courtii. I Brighton, G. S. Whitney.|| I Ararat, Jos. Parkin.'! ^ I Kilmore, T. J. Ryan.'*'! I Gipps Land, P. H. M'AroeH. I Head Office— I |2 Collins itrewt Out, Melbtoam*; I 47 I*« JOSEPH COLLIE, t«*ft«r- I 