SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The most important item of news which this mail ?will carry to England is'that the war in Now Zealand is at an end. The anticipations we indulged in on this subjeot in our summary for lost month were realized. The suspension of hostilities, which a telegram from Sydney, re- ceived very shortly before tho departure of the mail, enabled us to announce, continued from the 13th to the 15th ultimo, and though tho' effort to bring about peace failed for the mo- ment, and the attack*on tho native fortress of Te-Aroi was renewed at the termination of the truce, tho spirit of the rebels n as broken, and on the 19th tilt, another whito flag was exhibited hy thom, and,' this time, the surrender was un- conditional. Governor Brown, who had been sent for by Mnjor-Qeneral Pratt, was immediately at tho scone, and the first interview on tho subject of peace botweon him and Kingi and his allies, on the 30th, terminated in tho de- parture of the Waikatos for their homes, tho rotreat of Kingi from the disputed ter- ritory, and tho resumption of fiiendly rota- tions between tho native tribe3 and the settlers, ponding the terms whioh will be imposed by Governor Brown on tboso «ho took part in the war, for the future security of the settlement of New Plymouth, and the duo recognition of the' triumph of Her Majesty's arms. Tho local journals give currency to a report that the in- fluence of tho Church was Btill used in n manner adverse to the interests of England ; but from the same sources wo gather that I ho natives fully recognized tho futility of their efforts.to opposo the just and moderato demands Of tho Governor, and wore exhibiting a strong desire to havo their lands survejed and secured to them, that no disputes might arise for the future. Tho war terminated on the 10th ult. Mnjor-General Cameron arrived on tho 30th ult.', to find tho «oik completed ; and on tho 3rd Apiil,-Major-Gonoral Pratt, having I resigned tho command of the forces in New Zealand, sailed for Molbourne in H.M. colonial armed steamer Victoria, which nnived iu Hob son's Bay on the morning of the 12th instant. Parliament has been engaged during the month in discussing various important questions, chiefly incidental to tho Estimates. Tho grants-in-aid to municipalities havo been voted nt the reduced amounts proposed by tho Government, on a scale of reduction favourablo to tho older municipali- ties which had received grants under £1,000 per annum, and less favourablo to non er municipali- ties which liad received at the rato of £7,000 nnd upwards. With scarcely nu exception, tho les- sened amounts of tho votes, reudoi ed necessary by the resolution of tho Assembly to enforce economy, havo beon agreed to. An exception was made, toBomc oxtoit, in favour of the Board of Agriculture ; but tho voto was taken on a dis- tinct statement from the Goternmpnt that tho Model Farm-which, it was admitted, had not realized the anticipations formod as io its useful- ness-would bo abolished in tho course of the present year. Immigration and watarsupply have each been tho subject of a debate extending over several nights, and important resolutions havo been arrived nt in both cises. That immigration should bo encou- raged was unanimously assented to, and tho Houso votod a sura of £70,000 for the service of tho current year ; or, with tho sum of £21,000 in the hinds of the Emigration Commissioners in England at tho commencement of 1801, a total of £100,000 for tho year. Under the regulations then assontod to, Ministers have devised a scheme by which persons nominated by colonists moy be assisted to immigrai eat little cost tothoirfriendsor themselves (an abstract of »hielt will be found ¡a anothor column). So numerous havo the appli- cations been, under these legulations, that had tho vote boon nnioh larger it would ha\o boen entirely absorbed in the eight months of 1801 which have still to elapse. A special feature of tho regulations is the encouragement which is given to tho immigration of vine- dressers, wine makers, cultivators of tho olive, proservers of fruit, &c;, from tho south of Europo. A sum of £10 will ho allowed towards the passage of Bkilled individuals of the classes referred to, and a proposal to increase that sum to £15 is now boforo tho Assembly. As regards water supply, a still largor schomo lias, so far, received the assent of the Assembly. Last year, £30,000 wero votod for the construction of reservoirs on tho gold-fields, to meet tho want of water of which tho miners generally complained, und to increase the yield of tho alluvial gold- fields, tho operations of tho puddlers boiug notoriously less profitable than they would bo liad they at command an adequato supply of pure water, iii place of "liquid mud," which too often concealed and carried away tho line gold it should havo washed out. Undor this voto 29 reservo» s, of moro or less importance, ivoro constructed, containing somo 600,000,000 »allons of water, at a cost under £10,000 ; and Ministers proposed to follow up tho same course by taking a voto of £75,000, to bo expended Juriug tho yoar (the amount they proposed on their firtt Estimai os having boon £100,000). Mr. Francis (who held the Presidency of tho Board of "and and Works in tho Nicholson Adminis' tration), however, obtained tho discussion of a series of resolutions tabled by him on the same subject before the vote on the Estimates was taken. Those resolutions contemplate the raising of £1,000,000, at the rato of £2D0,00C per annum, hy exchequer bills or treasury notes, bearing interest at b per cent., for works foi water-supply of a reproductive character, to be placed undor municipal management, and thi local rates being taken as security for tho repay' ment of the original cost of the works. After o protracted discussion, in which it w.ts stated thal the amount of treasury nolos proposod woulc readily bo taken up iii the local market, and n oul< bo preferred to long- dated debentures, and to no interest bearing bank-notes, the resolutions »on assented to without division, though their ndop lion was opposed by Ministers. Leave was givei to Mr. Francis to introduco a bill to carry out hi views, and on tho second roadingtho principles o the measure will bo fully discussed. It is undoi stood that tho schomo of tho lion, member wi! bo applicable to agricultui al ns well as to settle mining communities-to every locality, in faol in which a sufficient assessment fo cover tiio eos of tho works can he shown. Ministers will, n doubt, pi ess on their own scheme in duo course and there is reason to supposo that tho IIouc will vote tho amount proposod (£75,000) fe tho construction of reservoirs during tho prosci year, moro especially on the outlying and smalle gold-fiolds to which the larger scheme would n< apply. Tho discussion of the question of tho abol tion of tho duly on gold took a somonhi singular course, though it carno to a ni unexpected termination. Tho question wi introduced this session by Mr. N. Iiovi, ti recently elected member for Mnryboroug a resolution at tho time standing on ti records of Parliament that tho duty should 1 abolished as soon as the circumstances of li country would permit. That resolution w moved by Mr. M'Lollan, one of tho members f Ararat; and great jealousy was shown hy Bomb tho gold-fields membors of the lion, member/ Maryborough, to whom it was feared the mine might assign the credit of obtaining the repeal i tho impost. Various occasions were takon show this fooling, especially in counting-o thotHouse whenever tho adjourned debato Mr. Lovi's motion was likely to1 como c This was carried so far, that the eonstituonts . some of tho lobbv-frequonling members beeai indignant. At Crowlands, tho domonstrati took tho form of hanging and burning thoi presentativo-Mr. Woods -in effigy. Tims stiir lated, Mr. Woods carno down with a bill for t abolition of tho duly ia 1802, obtained leavo1 bring it in, and, dextorously taking the wintl c of Mr. Lovi's Bails, carried it through the seco reading and into committee, beforo tho i journcd debato on the Maryborough resolutie could bo revived under the forms of the Hou Ministers assented to the second reading of I bill, but stntod that they would ondcavour committee to fix the amount of tho duty at por ounce, leaving the reduction to commei in 18G2. This proposition will, probably, agreed to. " Payment of members" has received tho sent of the Legislative Assembly, a bill to " co pensato" lion, members, introduced by Dr. Evi (Postmaster General in Mr. O'Shanassy's Gove ment), having passed its third readinir, h majority of 20 to 10. It was sent up to i Legislativo Council »mid ironical cheers fr tho opponents of tho measure, who relyw confidence on tho utter rejection of the bill tho Upper House. Ministers havo introduced a hill for tho bei administration^of tho law on tte gold-fiolds. proposes to amend tho constitution of the min Dowds, extend» tho power of the wardens, r. vides for compensation to the families of persons killed by accidents in mines, systematizes the localization of bye-laws, _c i The Divorce Bill, which passed through Par- liament last rcssion, having boen disallowed by Her Majesty, on the ground that tho provision contained in the 13fh clauso, for divorce after desertion for four years, introduced en important variation from the law of England, a mea- sure in all respects similar to that of lost year, but omitting the 13th clause, has been passed through its first stages in the Iiower House, the standing orders having been suspended for tho purpose. , , A call of the House haH been agreed to for Friday next, by the Assembly, when the bill to aboliBli state aid to religion will again como on for discussion. On Tuesday a novel and interesting ceremony took place in the Iicfijslative Assembly, when, for tho first time, an oflir-er high in llor Majesty's sorvico appeared by invitation within the bar'of the nouBO, to receivo the th.inks of tho Assembly for gallant and successful bervices in tho field. The occasion attracted no great attention beyond 1 the walls of the House, only about 150 persons, -including several members of tho Naval Brigade, assembling round tho doors at the hour of meet- ing ; but tho various galleries of the House wore well filled by Indios and other strangers, a sprinkling of volunteer uniforms being risible. 'Amongst those who were present we observed Lady Barkly, Mrs. Pratt, Lady Murphy, Colonel Pitt, Colonel Anderson, Colonel Carey, Captain Bancroft, Captain Hall, Lieutenant Forster, Dr. Mowatt, Captain Pasley, Commissary General Mylrea, Captain Norman, Captain -cratchley, _c. The Speaker, attired inJiis state robes, nnd preceded by the sergeant-at-arms in his state dress, entered the House at 20 minutes past 4 o'clock, when tho ordinary business was proceeded with. Shortly before half-past 4 o'clock, tho sergeant-at arms announced that Major-General Pratt «as in attendance. On tho motion of the Chief Secretary, tho rules of_ tho House were suspended, and <t chair placed within the bar, to which tho Major-Gonoial, attended by his aido- de-oamp, waseseorted by the sergeant at-arms, armed with the formal mace, mid tho sword of office. The Major-Gonoral having taken the chair provided for him, tho Speaker, without rising, rend in an impressive manner tho address pieviously ngreod upon J and Major General Pratt, having replied with much feel- ing^ retired, and (bo Ilouse proceeded with the business of the day. A pet-inn has been presented by Mr. Attorney General Ireland, tho defeated candidato for 'Villiers and Hej tesbury, against the return of Mr. Rutltdge, on the ground that tho latter, at j tho timo of his return, wai a contractor under the Govornraont, and, therefore, disqualified for election. The petition lins been handed over to tho Elections und Qunlific-tions Committee, who uro now sitting for tho purpose of taking evidence. In tho meantime a legal question has I been raised. Mr. Rutledge sent Mi. Speaker a letter, resigning bia seat; and_ Mr. Wood, tho lato Attorney-General, holds that, Mr. Kutledeo Jia'ring been "disqualified," but not "unquah- j Tied," iii the sonso in which ibeso terms are used in the net« affecting elections in this colony, tbo committee bavo no power to declare Mr. Ireland elected, but only that the sent is vncant. In that ciso it is a doubtful qiieslion whether Mr. Ireland, the twice rejected^of Maryborough, and tbo re jected'of Castlemaine, Warrnambool, and Villiers (and IIoj. tesbury, will, after nil, find a scat dilling tho t)i*os>eut session of Parliament. Mr. Hunter -better known na Dr. Hunter, ibo oxfremely democratic member for East -fel bonrno, and well-known in early lifo in connexion with,the tprch-hght meetings on the Cariton-hlll of Edinburgh in,tho hot days of tho Charter-has taken his departure for Scotland, in.seareh of health. A vacancy has thus been cieatcd, of which, bon ever-, the Speaker his not ns jet boen officially informed. It is anticipated that another resignation will soon t-iko place, tho member for iJrighton, Mr. Ebden, so Ion« and notably known in connexion with tho political nnd public history of the eotony, and for some limo Trea- surer, being about to proceed to Euglauel, to join Ins family there, for a residence of soiuo j ears' duration. Amons¡st the changes-in this instance of a re- trogressive character-which w o are called on to n'otico is the suppression of tbo public shipping telegrams, of which for tome IG years thopeopfo of this colony have enjoyed the use. From tho timo of tho e%tontion of tbo, electric telegraph to Capo Otway it was tho practica to telegraph all over tho colony the names of ships signalled from that station. Tho information was valued by meichanti, and most serviceable to the friends of immigrants. Minister«, however, for economical reasons, have restricted tho "information here- after to be given to tho public to tho airival of tho mail steamers. The chango has created considerable discontent. Tho bill passed hist session for tho regulation of the armed colonial steam.vesset Victoria has been disallowed by Her Majesty's advisers, and Ministers 1 íiiv o como to tho conclusion that the services of thuYictom -hall boLd-ponsed with after a time, or that silo shall bo engaged in tho surrey of the coast, in connexion witb Hie sur- veying parly under Commmidor Cox, It N. For many months past, tbo Victoria has been actively engaged in ntdlng the Imperial and local forces iii New Zealand. lu another column will be found torao details of tbo first volunteer c.inip_ formed in tbe colony. The plains of tho Werribee wore ohoson for the demonstration, which took place at tho eloso of March and beginning of tbo present,month. The weather was all that could bo deshed, and Melbourno and Geelong were all bul deserted during tho four days of the encampment. Tho whole of tho Railway department'8 resources were devoted to carrying tho numberless passengers to and from tbo Womble, .and could not meet tho reqliiromonts. If tho volunteer movemont re- quired a spur-in this instance it did not-it received it from tho success of tbo experiment on the Werribee. Tbo entire arrangements wore in tho highest degreo creditable to Colonel Pitt, and tho other officers who took part in the business of tho encampment. Tho Royal commissioners appoiuted to eaio for tho interests of Victoria in tbo Great Ex- hibition in Condou_ in if?G2 have issue«.! a first report, which wo print elsewhere, in w hieb, they detail the steps they have taken to secure nn atlequnto representation of tho products of the country. ' t i Another native diamond has boen discovorcd this tuno on tho Woolshod, in' the Ovens distrkt. It is altogotbor a curious specimon. It has been so severely handled in Nature's laboratoiy that it has,, lost nearly all the usual outward form of n diamond, scarcely a trac'o of the true form of crystal lemaining, while on pails of tbo surface it is curiously marked. Its colour, however, is very good, and it gives promise of a fino lustre, which cutting will bring out. It weighs two caiats and a half. Its true character was dis covetedby Sir. Crisp, jeweller. Queen-street, to whom it was lately submitted, anil who first pro nouncod it to be, what it undoubtedly is, a diamond. Wo may add that it »an pieleod up three j cara airo, and has since, with, sovoral colonial stones, boen convoyed to se.oral of the capitals of Europe, and back again, beforo its real valuo _ was ascertained. This fnot ' con- firms the impression strongly entertained by Ihoso who aro best informed on tho subject, - that many valuable stones have been thrown away by the miners, who wore, and still aro, ignorant of tho truo character of tbo cnstnls they often meet with, especially in tho Ovens district. Tho fatal disease in cattle, pleuro-pneu monia, has been found to exist to some extent ; but steps ha\o boon taken, under a special act passed by Parliament, to arrest its progress. Some alarm prevails on tho subject jn. Now South ,Wales and Tasmania, and tbo Governments of those colonies aro taking proetiutionary measures against tho importation of affected cattle Tho now gold-fields in Gipps Iiand, and on tho mountain rango known ns the Pyrenees, aro at- tracting considerable attention. Both aro un- doubtedly largo gold-fields, and they will for somo years to come return largo quantities of gold. While tho number of the alluvial gold-fields has thus boen increased, quartz miners hnve been giving their attention to bettor means of extraot ,inir the gold from quartz. It has been found that in many Instances fe,rgo amounts of gold escapo in the tnilingB from the quartz-mills, and amongst other Bchomcs for its recovery is one claimed by Mr. Porter, a mining manager at Italian Gully, in the Ballarat distnor, which is receiving great attention. Mr. Portor oi aporates mercury with the tailings in a retort, and has demonstrated that by such a process very much larger yields of golef may bo obtained from quartz. Numerous experiments are in progress to test tbo syBtem. Nothing has been heard during tho monthtoI itho Exploring Expedition. There is no reason to fear, howevor, that any mischanco bos occurred tpir. . t_Tho February mail from Englnndwas delivered in Melbourno on the 15th instant-tbreo days af tei it was duo. Tho detention was caused by con- tinuous head winds between Galle and Hobson'! ,Bay. , _ CLOSE OF THE WAR IN NEW ZEALAND, ; During tho truce, which commenced on1 the 13-1 and. .ended on the 15th of March/terms were offered to Ibo native rebels by Governo- Brown in the following address :- ' i"J « ' ""'Hapuroha" and Ngatiawa,-For' 12' q-tonttL you havo been carrying arms against _ferM_jc-t< tho Queen and t¡he4aul)iori'y of tho Hw. Yoi fhoiYP nowkiiJ_iQwn..your a.rmsf and ,oxpresso( -your .desire tor, peace. Bel/evrng, yoi. tp«:b< sincerç,, 1, have rome.fronv Auckland' ,fo í'H#SWBj0,fci^ti?2 .*T° ,tfWs ¡SPqn._whicl if "will be granted, and upon which Ile Majesty's gracious pardon and protectioi Vili bo extended to you¡ They are «a,foi-1 low. - 1, The investigation of the title | and the survey of the land at Waitara to be continued 'and completed without interrup- tion. 2. Every man to be permitted to state his claims without interference, and my decision, or the decision of such persons as I shall appoint, to ,be conclusivo. 3. All the land in possession of Her Majesty's forces belonging,to those who havo horne arms against Her Majesty to bo dis- posed of by mo as I may think fit. 4. AH guns belonging to the Government to bo returned. 5\. All plunder taken from tho settlers to bo forth .with restored. 6. The Ngatiawa* who havo borne arms against the Government must sub- mit to the Queen and to the authority of tho law, and not resort to force for the, redress of wrongs, real or imaginary. 7. As I did not use force for tho acquisition of land, but for the vin- dication of tho law and for tho protection of Her Majesty's native subjects in tho exorcise of their just rights, I shall divide tho land which I have Btated my intention to dispose of amongst-I'S former owners, but I shall reservo the sites of the blockhouses and redoubts, and a small piece of land round each, for tho public use, and shall exercise tho right, of making roads through the Waitara district. On your submission to these terms, you will come under the pro- tection of the law, and enjoy your property, both lands and goods, without molestation." Those terms were notaccopted,and on the 15th hostilities were renewed. On that morning, 370 men of tho 57th and 65th ndvanced to tho front, and divided into working parties and covorera. ? Tho sap loading to Te-Arei was resumed, and a branch snp carried from No. 8 redoubt, to sweep the rifle- pits on tho verge of .tho valley. About 7 o'clock Captain Morcor arrived fiom Waitara, with GO of tho Royal Artillery, throe Armstrong guns, and two 8 inch and two 10-inch mortars. 9.11 our works went on without the slightest sign of opposition from tho cnomy until j 11 o'clock, when tho white flag was lowered from ' tho Maori staff, and replaced by a blood-red war flag. In a few minutes it was lowored, and one solitary shot from the natives invtyed, to the combat. Tho troopä wore not yet allowed to reply, and the Mnorios, after hoisting and lowering their war flag threo times, opened fire in good earnest, and poured volleys from their pits. Our lire was excellent, and fearfully de- structive. The firing continued throughout Sa tui day and Sunday, and up till 5 o'clock, when it ceased,'mid the natives yielded again, and this time finally, hoistine the «hita fing. The Wai katOB retreatqd to their own öountry, owing to a loss of 300 out of 1,500 mon, and Wiremu Kingi retired, though without accepting the terms offered. The«o results aro announced in the fol- lowing latter from tho Governor : " New Plymouth, April 9. " Sir,-In reference to tho terms of submission offered by His Excellency the Governor to, tho insurgents of the Ngatiawa tribe at Waitnrn,1 a copy of which waa enclosed to you on the 4th inst, I havo tho honour to inform you that, as finally decided upon, they contained an additional sentencoto the folleiwingeffeeti^-'In conformity with the decimation made on the 29thNovember, 1859, tho rights of thoso who may provo their titlo to n«y part of the pieco of land at Waitara will be respected.' " I have nlao to inform you that tho terms laid down by His Excellency havo been accepted by Hanuiouannd his followers. " Wiremu Kingi, after having declared that the Governor's words were clear, and endeavoured to induco His Excellency to make peace first and discuss the terms nfterwards, has finally left Waitara for Waikato, with a small number of followers, without accepting the terms, from the benefit of which ho will consequently bo excluded,, according to a notification previously commun!-' cutcd to him. " I may further state that His Excellency the Governor ha<i despatched messages to the Ta- ranaki and Ngatiruanui tribes, informing them that if thoy desire peace they must immediately como forward, in which case he will bo prepared to state to them terms upon which ho will accept their submission. "I havo, &c;, " F. A. WELD. " To his Honour tho Superintendent of Taranaki." Seheral Cameron arrived on the 30th at Wai- tara, and proceeded on to Auckland. Mnjor Goncrnl Pra'e left Waitara on tho_3rd April, in H.M. c.s. Victoria, and arrived nt Melbourno on tho 12ih inst, Tho Victoria, previous to leaving New Zealand, conveyed Governor Brown from Auckland to Waitara on the 30th tilt. ' TUB ATTACK OK TJt-AREI. Tho attack on this stronghold, was described graphically in the, following telegram, published in The Argus on tho 10th inst. : "On Saturday, tho 16th, tho active operations resumed against tho enemy tho previous day were continued -vigorously until a lato hour. There was a short pauso aftT sunset, but soon after dark the thunder of bursting shells and raking shot broke tho silonco of the night. Our mon worked tho guns in a masterly manner. Tho rebels held their giound firmly, their bold- ness being excelled only by tho intrepidity of our coverers, w ho, under a heavy Uro, leaned over the parapolsof the'Bap, deliberately watching fora glimpso of their crafty antagonists, whoso rifle pits on tho edge of the val loy wero within 40 yards. Tho Maories, in eights nnd tens, would hastily raiso their heads to take aim, and as quickly would the fire of our mon be discharged on thom. Tho Maories, struck with rifle bullets, wcro seen to fall ; their muskets dropped from their hands, and lay visiblo on tho bank in front of tho pits. The enemy made several attempts to re- cover thom, but wore met each timo w ith a volley From our men that mado havoc among them. Next day (Sunday), the 17th, Liout. M'Naughton, of tho Royal Artillery, was killed. Ho was stoop- ing orer a mortar, in tho act of adjusting its no- vation, whon a muskot-ball struck him in the hand which held tho plumb-line, and then pierced liis breast. An officer who was near him ex- claimed, ' M'Naughton, you're hit !' but tho lieutenant smiled, and replied, ' Oh, never mind ; 'tis but in tho hand.' Thoy wcro his last words. Ho Btood up, turned pile, staggered back« ards, foil, and died ! Tho enemy fir^d so little on our working party in the early part of Mon- day, tho 18:h, that every, one, anticipated an attack from the natives in some unknown quarter, and Major Nelson, who was field officer of the day, frequently walked round and cautioned the men to bo extremely vigilant. About 3 p.m. largo columns of smoko roso up in front of tho pa. Tho signal attracted the atten- tion of our mon, nnd thoy wore all instantly on tho alert. Thero was now a few minutes' silence on both sides, when suddenly Bcvoral heavy poals of muBkotry wcro heard, followed by floreo and conBlnnt file-firing. Tho onetny had mado an assault on a company of tho 40tb, who wero pro- tecting a party of thoir regiment and of tho Royal Engineers engaged in creating a batter}' for tho D-poundcr gun to play on tho pits and hills to the right of our position. Tho natives, stoaling round by an indirect route, gathered in great forco in the bush and on the bions of tho gully, and delivered their firo with too much effect on our troops. Tho 40th, though thus oxpoBod on open ground, and only ono division strong, maintained their position bravely, and continued fighting and advancing upon theil assailants, until aided by further reinforcements fiom their regiment, and by guns and Royal Artillery from No. 7 redoubt, Bpoedily despatched by Colonol Leslie. The Maories around the pa, who wore hitherto comparatively silent, no« opened a vory brisk fire on the) covereis in the sap, and Major Nelson caused the workihp p-irty to run for their anns, which were piled at some distance.' A company of tho 57th; and tho inlying picket of tho 04th, were hastcnor! forward as further reinforcements, and tho lout din of batllo grow moro furious at every moment for tho natives also fought with _;reat obstinacy but thoy could not stand out long against tho do Étructívefiro showered on them from tho well-aimce rifles of the 40th, and tho shell and eliot from th< Royal Artillery. Groans of pain wero frequently hoard coming from the onomy ;-nud, after sus taming the vain struggle for upwards of ar hour, they wcro forced to fly. At daylight on tho morning of tho 19th, the whiti flag was again noisted on Te-Arei flagstaff Tho official return of killed and wounded has no yet appeared. I append a list of such as ar known.-- Killed-40th Regiment : Private R, Jei frey, privato J. Watson, privato M. Rocho Lieut. M'Naughton, Royal Artillory. Wounded \- Royal Artillery : J. Radford, Sergeant Christy slightly; 40th Regiment: Liout. Rees, severely Lieut, Whelan, slightly ; privato R. Caroy severely; privato J. donan, severely. Major General Pratt was active throughout tho en gagemont, directing tho movements. Concern ing tho general's conduct in this affair th Huirangi correspondent of a Taranaki pape says, and I quo'e hi_ words verbatim-'It i only when ono has seen this position that ho ca appreciato tho cautious marmor in which th general has approached it. Most of tho troop havo often expressed it as their ardent wis to tako it by a charge, and your corn spondont always thought it tho best and safer, plan until to-day; but I now poreeivo thal to have charged this position would hav ? boen Uko, ordering bravo men to commit sell do3truo ion. Even tho natives, before they coul find footing on it, wero obliged to dig away narrow strip from tho brink, thus forming ledge for tbomsolves to stand on ; and evou tit shelf is so narrow that not moro than ono row < mon in singlo lile can occupy it. Therefore ljne of soldiers charging it must, in their eage ness to meet their foes, cither fall ovor tho pn oipico and bo dashed to pieces in the BIÜIÍO river beneath, or, what would bo as bad, th« would .have to retire defeated before ti destructive fire of an exulting foo. Neithi i could an attack in flank be venture .upon along this ridge, as' only one mi could advance at a time. It follows, therefor that whatever might bo won, by charging i enemy on ground presenting but ordinary difficul- ties, to order a rush on such a position aa this would be universally denounced!as wilful murder, for the result could only bo a terrible catastrophe., I make this statement, because truth prescribes it, in justice to a general whoso plans have been' too hastily censured.' " r , < MAJOR-GENERAL PRATT. On the return of Major-General Pratt to Mel- bourne, to réassume the command of the forces in > Australia, tho Legislative Council and the Logis- ) lativo Assembly resolved to present addresses to the Major-General, complimenting him for his gallant services i_-Now Zealand. The address of the Assembly was presented on the 23rd inst., in the chamber of the Assembly, the standing orders having been suspended for the purpose. The Speaker, Sir Francis Murphy, read the fol- lowing address : "Major-General Pratt,-In pursuancoof the unanimous vote of this House, the pleasing duty devolves upon me of convening to you the thanks, of tho House tor your gallant services in Now Zealand, and our congratulations upon your safe return to this colony. You havo conducted to a successful issue the operation* of a war of a peculiarly trjing and harassing nature, the diffi- culties of which, I am well assured, have been but ill understood at a distance ; and it is a proud satisfaction to your country to know that, under such circumstances, tho reputation of the British arms has beeu sustained by.you and tho bravo men you commanded, with a distinguished valour and spirit worthy of tho historic renown of the army and navy of England. " I havo to request, Major-General, that you will convey tho thanks of this House to tho officers and soldiers of all arms, as well as to Commodore Seymour and the naval forces under his command engaged in this war, for their intre- pidity and zeal, and that you.will assure them of tho high sense this House entertains of their bravery, and of its deep sympathy with the widows and children of those who have so gloriously fallon in tho service of tbeir country. " An unintentional,omission has occurred in tho proceedings of tho House, from our being unaware at the time that tho colonial arm ou steamship Victoria had not been placed under tho orders of Commander Seymour. It would ill become me, on such <m occasion as tho present, to overlook the gallant volunteers of the Vic- toria', or for me to avoid tho responsibility which I now assume in asking of you, Mnjor-General, to present the thanks of this Jlouso to Com- mander Norman, and the officers and crew of the Victoria, for tho conspicuous courage and' ready enerjy which they havo on all occasions so emi- nently displayed during this war, both by land and by sea." Major-General Pratt îeplied in the following terms : - , "Mr. Speaker,-f. beg to return you my most sincere thanks for tho honour done me in your convejing to mo the thanks of this House for my sei vices in New Zealand, and its congratula- tions upou my return. , " Sir, at 'any time this would havo been an honour most .highly prizod by me, but, uudcr existing circumstances, it is to me, at this mo- ment, most acceptable ; and the gratification is much enhanced hy my being permitted to return my thanks ia person at the bar of this House "You havo also delected to mo a most pleasing duty, ; and I "hull not fail to convey to Commodore Seymour and tho Boyali Naval : Brigade, and to Commander Norman and tho. officers and the crew of Her Majesty's oolonial steam-vessel the Victoria, and to the officers and i soldiers of all,ranks, tho, high sense which this honourable House enlcitains of their bravery and good services in the war in New Zealand,* and of its deep sympathy with the widows and families of those who have fallen iu tho service of their country during the war." . . ENCAMPMENT OP OUR VOLUNTEER . Jn the tclironicles of Victorian history, the Easter of 1861 will assuredly have one of the first places, for then moro than 2,000 of our vo- lunteers encamped on the plains of the Werribee -a magnificent pieoo of champaign country- and for four days tasted the sweots and bitters of life under canvas, in ordeff by this means, to learn somewhat moro of their duties than they could obtain from their drill practico or periodical pa.' rades. The projscfc, wo believe, originated somo months since withjCpbnel Pitt, the commander of our volunteer corps. At first it was suggested that the Melbourne Racecourse, which is within a milo or two of town, and readily accessible by - rail and road, should be the field of operations ¡ but eventually the table land which extends for many miles near the Werribee river, and which forms part of the property of Mr. Thomas Chirn- side, a large landowner, was selected. This spot is twenty miles from Melbourne, and within ono milo of the Werribee station on the Geelong and Melbourne line of railway, so that its accessibility could not bo disputed, while the fact of its being so far removed . from any thickly-settled popula- tion made tho " camping out" look a littlo moro like real life. No sooutr was the proposal mado than the rank and file of our riflemen eagerly seconded it, and Saturday, March 30, 1861, found , the encampment un fait accompli. The camping-, , ground formed an oblong, and the tents nero arranged in the following order, commencing from1 the western extremity :- > Melbourne Mounted Rifles. , , * The First or.¡ Royal Victorian Volunteer , Cavalry. The Brighton Riflfs. Tho West Melbourne Rifles. ' Tho 2nd St. Kilda Rifles. The Hawthorn and Kew Rifles. , The East Collingwood Rifles. The Richmond Rillos. ' > Tho Melbourno Proper Rifles. Tho Emerald Hill Riflea. , The Piahran and South Yarra Rifles. The 1st St. Kilda Riffes. The Pentridge Rifles. The Carlton Rifles. Tho North Melbourno Rifles. , The Williamstown Rifles. , Tho Goolong Rifles. The Royal victoria Volunteer ArtiUory Regi- ment (ranged round their guns). The Naval Brigade To provision so vast a number of persons was a great consideration, but the difficulty was molo eaBily surmounted than would have been sup- posed. Somo throo, or four of the companies catered for themselves, cooking their provisions' in regular camp fashion, but not more than 200 or 300 volunteors at the utmost adopted this plan. To supply the rost an agreement »as mado with MoasrB. Spiers and, Pond, tho proprietors of a popular placo of entertainment in Melbourne, laiown as the Cafe do Paris, who forth- with erected long dining - rooms, and Oiher .accommodation, by means of which they calculated to be ablo to feed 1,000 persons at a time, at the rate of 4s. per day, the bill of faro being of a roally superior character. Thus the camp was composed of, the volunteers' tonts,. bohiiid which were the canteens, restaurant, and tho cooking-places at the rear of all. In the coiitro were the quarters of the commanding officor, befoio which floated the Royal S aiidard. To recapitulate at length the details of prepa- ration, which wo published at tho time, would bo needless, and it will be sufficient for our English readers to know that on the Saturday morning named (a " camp guard" of picked mon having erected all the tents), the volunteers entered, upon, tent life. Thu weather was delight- ful, and at a very early hour the streets of Melbourno were all alivo with the troops muster- ing^ In au, hour or so tho various corps matched towards tho railway station, astonishing all the early birds with the clang of their martial music. Nearly 1,000 men staited by tho first train( and it was like recalling to memo)y the English newspaper accounts of the miliiaiy move-, ments attending the ombarkation of troops lo the Crimea to seo our riflemen march in perfect order along the railway platform, and enter the carriages at tho w ord of command. So thoroughly Bystoin-tio wero all tho arrangements that tho' train-an extraordinarily long one for colonial railways-was filled, and started with less fuss thau usually attends an overyday train, and in an hour tho Weriibeo staliou was duly reached. The march of this, the first instalment of troops, to tho camp ,was a most iuterestiug occasion, for militan precision was maintained to tho last. Headed by their bands, tho various companies, having fallen in as they left the carriages, pro- ceeded steadily to tho tents, and at onco com- menced their now career. By noon all the volunteers, save the mounted corps, who arrived later in tho day, had reached the camp, when the guards were set and the mid- day gun tired. The first few hours of tho afternoon were spent in dining and " settling down," and at 4 p.m. the'buglers gave tho call to parade. A few ordinary ' evolutions wero then performed, and]1 the men dismissed. Few spectacles havoi ever 5'been . more picturesque than was the camp ,*aa seen'by moonlight. The lights in the tenta produced tho'effect of a transparency, and aiety roigued oyerywhore, Tho various division auds played music to those who cared to danco_ quadrilles without ladies, and many others' with"'moro r acoulino tastes were content to liston^ In^ rqany 'of the, tents, littlo partiesi were iiñado up, and« under tho circumstances,! tboJEOcial instincts of tbo riflemen were some-! what strongly .developed. Others strolled along» thQ,roi_autio ba^k», of. the Werribee River,'and;i as may bo expected, the canteonswere fcdtebfl people, excess, bowover, being a rare exception." i As time wore . on, itho groupB lessened,'and'by-' | midnighti ¿ill was j ptill. Suddenly a rocket! was seen< to rise in a north-easterly direction, and a rattling discharge of musketry flashed out in the darkness, and- woko ,-up (tho echoes.'. This came ' from a party of the Naval Brigade, under Cap- "* tam Kaye, i who bad stolen out to make a night . attackiin flank upon the camp. The remainder ' of tho.scenc has been thus described :- ! a_ n " ,?" The, fire was promptly.rephed to by the out- » I lying pickets, who were fain, soon to fall back oin . the main guard. Meanwhile the alarm,iad ' sounded, and sbrij'i bugle calls re- echoed through, o the camp, and were followed by the tattoo o drums and the noiso of fifes. -Ero one could wa - look around, the camp awoko to a sense of its critical posilion, and the volunteers swarmed Uko bees to tho post of danger. After draggingup their guns to position with inorodiblo swiftness, the artillery regiment opened fire upon the enemy, the outlying pickets keeping up a rattling discharge of musketry, which was believed to tell sensibly upon. . the attacking party. Masses of foot «ero brought1" . round, and rapidly manoeuvred up to support the repulso, while the mounted companies, although on foot, appeared to meditate a counter move- ment against tho enemy, which, luckily for the latter, was not carried into effeot. The troops behaved splendidly. Despito the peculiar na'ure of their position, they never fill into disorder, but mo\ ed as they wore 01 dei od,' without hesita- tion or,mis',ake. To> this, or something else, waa the. repulse mainly duo ; for when tho ammum- , lion« both parties ran out, tho fire dropped, and in a short time all were in their beds again, this time to remain there the remainder of their first night under canvas." ' ; The next morning (Easter Sunday! broke serenely upon the camp. A few " llot- gos pellèrs had, when the encampment was talked of, had denounced tho notion of the troops re mainiiig in camp during the Sabbalh as a pro- fanation, but noihihg could bo moro completo » than the refutation of these statements contained in the actual proceedings of tho day. Sunday was duly kept, and to almost o\ cry action and * movement of the day a sober tono waR given. At * 11 a m. tho troops paraded for church,, forming Í two congregations, the one of Nonconformists and tho other of Episcopalians. The service of * the Church of England w as performed by Dr. Bromby, ono of our best and most eloquent " preachers, who, after the li'urgical forms were "r over," addressed his hearers on 1noir duties, tak- ' mer tor his text 'n0 vrords, "Let not hitiCthat - ' girdeth on his harness bonst himself as he tha ^ putteth it off." The Nonconformist preacher , was the Rev. W. Henderson, a Presbyterian *; minister, from Ballarat. Himself a volunteer, lie wore his military cap as well as tho orthodox gown and bands, the contrast being most "d peculiar. ''Render unto Cosar tho things " that aro Ctosar'B, and unto God the things , that' aro God's," was his »text. Nothing par-. ' ticular marked the ronjaindor of the day, which. J ended in most sodato and tranquil fashion. , ** , Monday was one of the most remarkable days J evor "known in the colony. Spite of the drawback of having only one line of rails, the railway au- thorities did their best, and by 1 o'clock, some 20,000 visitors were on tho camping ground. It was the great day of the encampment. A, > noon, the troops paraded, and, after a few ovolu j tions, a vast square was formed, into which His Excellency the Governor and tho commanding I officer's slaff presently rodo. Tho infantry saluted, and iho Aitillery thundered out then- , noisy welcome. This over, His Excellency Jt rode rOuijd tho ranks, and inspected the men, after which he took up his position by the Royal * Standard. Tho troops then filed before him, and the' display ended for the timo. Two hours were allowed for amnor, and nothmtc but tho ox- r traordinary accommodations provided by the , ( general caterers, and tho fact that thousands of ,, people picnicked out by tho river, could haveu" r enablod so many persons to feed themtelvos. As ',* half-past 3 p.m , tho cavahy iitst took the field, and were followed by tho others for nearly ' half a mile, when the positions for the sham light , were' talton up. As it would seem, the supposed ' enemy appeared ahead, and the attack upon him was begun by tho Aitillery, who commenced a j furious cannonade. An attempt to dislodgo these ( , from their position w as made without success, for the artilleiymen resorted to their small-arms, and afoiward movement of several detachments of rifles on tho left wing forced tho foo to retire, , ' it was'to bo hoped in disorder, tho cannonade , being resumed. Two or three brilliant charges ( , of cavalry followed, and somo difficult manoou- ¡ vres wero executed in excellent style. Tho movement on tho left ihon became more de- cided, and the lira was furiously resumed, colleys , from the rifles and 1 ounds from tho field-pieces succeeding with amazing celerity. Repulsed on. their right, a,body of the enemy still remained. ,. on their left, and to them sevori.l dotachments of greys and tho Geelong R fl.es advanced in «kir- t mishing order. The troops had now mrived at the point.,where the river banks begin to slope, and oporat'ousr were commenced by which. ' t ' the enemy 'ins to bo driven across. Tho ma- ' noauvrcs practised to effeot tlns^ wero rather ": mystoiious to the uninitiated ^cjo()for some j of the troops appeared to represent fie enemy, . and fired most, murderous volleys at the oppos j in» forco. This lina of action was pursued for some time, when the Naval Brigado carno up in , , gallantstylo, and having stormed a drafting yard ', connected with Mr. Chirnside's btation, pro- '. ceeded to drivo the again supposititious foo into the river. Down the steep inclino they rushed, , together with several bodies of tho Geelong " . Rifles, and Iho black-coated Melbourne compa- nies, ,and both endeavoured to harass the éneirîy in his retreat. Their fire was returned, but tho artillo y wero hi ought to the bank, and made the afternoon hideous with the reverberation of their rapidly-repeated discharges. At length tho ,' enemy being driven off, tho troops rptired, and, , after afow evolutions.-which were effectually hid- , den from view-as, indeed, were many others-by ' í the immense crowd who rushed in o\ ory direction, ' " returned, amid the cheering ortho spectator«, to 1 the camp. Then bolo affair lasted about an hour. ., ¡7 It would be well if wo could say that tho day t closed as pleasantly as it began, but the fact was, '. that the rail «ay authorities bad ¿nought flown r mcrc.people than they could tako b-ick in time. Slight, managerial errois made the delays w orse, and not till 4 o'clock on Tuesday moininc; were all tho tihitors taken lo town. 'TIIÍB gave liso"'to ' many unseemly scenes of disorder, upon which, J howe\er, we will not dwell, for it was holiday ' time, and the majority of visitors w ero of the lower ,< classes. Tho day ended with but one accident, ,, which hefel a toluntcer ntmed Vardy, whoso , rear rank man neglisontly allow ed his rifle lo go \ off, the blank charge inflicting a dangerous wound, of which, however, Mr. Vardy has sinco » recovered. , ' Tuesday waB the last day in camp, Tho pro- ',, parafions for departure commenced eaily, and } wcie systematized to the fullest oxtont. 'At 12 , o'clock, half, tho troops,moved off Iho field amid ,, 't the enthusiastic cheering1 of their remaining, s comrades, of which the Naval Biig,ide-the peta," 'r of tho encampment-got the largest share. (A , ,5 largo number of visitors had by that time arrived, \ .md these we're highly gratified duTinf» tha after- noon by a fow manouvres ip skirmishing and platoon firing executed by theiemaiuing ti oops. I At 6 o'clock, however, the tents wero struck, and before nightfall tho Wcrribeo Encampment was over. ; Thus began and ended this now famous affair. It is piojected next spring to have a socond % encampment on the same spot, the proceedings , connected with which are to mcludurifle-matches \\\ and cavalry horse races. Mr. Thomas Chirnside the wealthy pioprietor of the Wenibee Plains ~ and many o'her miles of country, has undertaken - to raise by subaoi iption £2,00010 defroy expenpes, -, and £1,000 of this has been already handed over » to Colonel Pitt. Altogether, our English readers ! will leam fiom these facts that the healthy ?-? volunteering spirit hns been as muck roused '. here as among themselves. , POPULATION AND MIGRATION. ?< ,J On the 7th of the current month a census was 1 takon of tho population of tho colony. The' '' returns aro not yet in the hands of the Registrar- ' ' General, but we sha'l probably bo enabled by "., next mail to give the gross result. In the mean-' 1 time, the total number of inhabitants of all races may bestatcd in round numbers at 556,000. _, ' There has been, comparatively, httlo immigra- tion during the first quarter of the j ear. Tho ,i! official returns for the montX, of February ¡¿'{ havo been published. Tho total number o iJi arrivals,was 1,288,. and of departures 1,700 'di the lalsnoa being 502 against the colony J lj The returnB may ha .thus summarised, :- ,, ," Arrived, 1,288 ; of whom 818 wore adult males <t 323 adult rfemalcs, 83 malo and 04 female chil-y dren,. ,Dcparted, 1,700; of whom 1,223 -were , ., adult nulcs, 321jtdult fcmideB, 117 malo and 129 * female children. Of the arrivals, 1,204 landed , at Melbourne, 11 at Geelong, and 13 at all other "T ports. Of tho departures, 1,775 sailed fronv Melbourne, and 15 from Geelong The following L table gives a clear insight into tho migratory, motementsof the month:- Í Now South Wales . South Australia . Tasmania ,. New Zealand Total neighbouring colo Dnltod Kingdom .. Foreign ports .. Totals Deduct immigration Not doorcase .. 3,288 1,780 1,288 GS7 a 'ISA -, , ' ,, ? ' ,-fnrjfisï It willJ30 seen that the balance lu, favour of ti_^)u;j colony from "Now South Wales was only 4, from South Australia 72, from Tasmania 9 ; while, as .3 ! -i'flt regards New Zealand, the balanoe waa agahu thiH colony by 64.r The net additioa to the popu- lation by intercoloni-l migration waa only 2L, The balanoe was against this colony ia favour of Great Britain, to the number ot 520, and in favour of foreign ports by 3. The returns Cor the month of Moren are not yet issued, but the .totals are made up. The arrivals numbered 2,055, and the departures 2,301 persons. In the following table, the returns for the first quarter of J tbo year aro compared with those for the first quarter of 1800 : ?I'. al January February March 8.128 2,688 2,od 1,8211 2,516 2,7i 2,065] Deduct departed i, T Xfet inereaio .. 7.T82 5,09' 6,99s 6,053 6,907 1.S1G 1,701) 2,301 -iÖOT nal THE EXHIBITION IN 1862. The following is the first report by the Boyal Commis-Onors-in whose charge the interests of Viotoria, inconnexion. with.the Great Exhibition in 1862, in London, have been placed->-to his -"xcellonoy the Governor. It is dated the 12th inst. : Sir,-In the letters patent of the 8th January, 3.861, issued under the (hand of your Excellency and. the seal of the colony, whereby you wera pleased to constitute certain commissioners to carry out the projeot of exhibiting in London, ia tho year 1862, articles the produce or manutao ture, of this country, it is amongst other thing} dircoted that such commissioners do report, in .writing, their proceedings from time to time, ' ' In compliance with such instructions, we, the commissioners so appointed, have the honour to " ort: .'That we have held several meetings, and considered so far as the information within our reach will allow, the best means of carrying into execution the powers entrusted to us. 2." In order ,to distribute the labours imposed upon us as conveniently as might be, and to apply to each particular department the knowledge which would enable each, to be conducted to the liest advantage, it was resolved to divide tha objects for exhibition in this country into sereu -U-ses, each under the direction of a committee ; and jin order that the public might bo apprised of . the Btops taken we caused to be published ano- / tice, a copy whereof is hereunto annexed. 3\. As it became necessary to have a fixed placa for holding meetings of the commissioners and of the respective committees, at which application? by intending exhibitors for information and ad- vice might be made, we applied for accommoda- tion in the Exhibition Building (erected for the purpose of receiving objects intended for the ex- position held in Paris in the year 1854). Cham- bers have been placed at our disposal, and an office will be opened there in the course of next week. 3_ 4\. Finding that tho différent committees ought to be empowered to «rive timely directions for tho purchase or manufacture of various articles, and enabled to prooure objects which can be obtained only undor certain favourable conditions of season, or by seizing opportunities, we mado application for an advance on account of a por- tion of the grant which it is expected will be voted by Parliament in aid of the project. Wa have pleasure in stating that our wishes were met in this respeot, and each committee has now at its disposal a sum considerd adequatofor present purposes. It is expected that by judioious management those funds may he made much more productive than they would prove to be iE tho application had been postponed until a later period, while the early employment of many persons in different occupations tending 'to the same great end will awaken the public attention and stimulato the feelings of interest in the progressive preparations which it otherwise might be difficult to sustain. 5 We havo taken steps to cause a completo collection of the indigenous timber of this country to be made ; and it is hoped that, in addition to the numerous descriptions of valuable wood which may thus be brought under the attention of the public a knowledge of their properties., and distinctive and relative value for constructivo , pui poses, may be attained. C. As it would bo useless to attempt to transmit actual specimens of the fruits and vegetables produced here in a stato fit for exhibition in England, models in gypsum and other material of tho finest produotions of our gardens, orchards, and vineyards are being made. The artists em- ployed have hitherto succeeded so admirably in minuting those fruits and vegetables, that there is every reason to believe that such representa- tions will convey a perfectly correct idea of the originals, and resist effectually all injurious in- fluence of temperature on the homeward voyage. 7\. The committee appointed to superintend the depaitment of agricultural products have plaoed themselves in direct communication with the various agricultural societies established in different parts of the country, and have received already in many quarters promises of such sup- port as may insure a full representation of that important branch of our industrial resources. 8\. Similar correspondence has been opened with many of the most successful breeders of sheep, inviting them to pay particular atten- tion to the selection and care of the finest woolled of their flocks, and to'send parcels oi cabinets of the most excellent fleeces. If these expectations bo realised, the commissioners will liavc it in their power to send to Europe a suffi cien' quantity of wool of the highest olass to enable them to have cloths and fabrics of the most delicate texture made in the most colo fcrated manufactories of England and the con- tinent of Europe. Some of the latter being illustrated with patterns and designs, including some of the most graceful and becoming flowers of the country, an additional interest may be given to them thereby. 8 With the hope of being able to procure thi best possible collection of specimens of gold and at the same time to economise the resourcei placed at our disposal, we have addressed our selves to the different banks, and requested theil \- valuable co-operation. If the arrangements ii Contemplation can be satisfactorily carried out ive expect that we may bo allowed to make selec lions from time to time, from the large quantity of tho precious metal purchased by them of speci mens possessing peculiar attractions by reaso: of siz-*, richness, or on account of the oro bein] associated in an unusual manner with othe mineral. If so permitted, these can be sent t England for exhibition, and sold when the objec in \icw is attained, a reasonable compensatio lieiug paid for the use of them. It is appareil that tho views of the commissioners in this re Bpcct would bo largely assisted if your Excollonc and your advisers would be pleased to sanctio the remittance of funds for emigration or othe public purposes to bo made in crude gold, whict after it has been exhibited, would be disposed c in London on the public account. 1U. In pursuing these inquiries it has appeare to us that it is highly desirablo to bring prom »emly before those who will congregate in Lol don tue results of the. intellectual and scientif as we II as of the manual and manufacturing ii dusti y of the people of Victoria. With a view of illustrating what has been don in this direction it has been considered advisab t) submit a recommendation to your Excellent that the patents recorded in the office of ti JVegibtrar-Gcnoral bo printed ; that a physio atlas of Victoria bo prepared and printed. Eac Bugpfestion, standing as it does on a difleroi footing, can be supported on different grounds. 11\. The enlightened experience of model times shows that it is now considered by ti Government of every civilized country to be i duty to inform the publio of the progress mat in intellectual development, of the fruits < which it has constituted itself tho depositary at custodian. This has been in some degree accomplish« in tUis country already by the publication in ti Government Gazette of the notices required to j given t>y persons about to apply for patents, ai y tho reports submitted to your Excelleno which yon are ploased to command «hail' be la from time to time before Parliament, showing detail the labours of tho gentlemen engaged the scientifio departments of the public servie These reports would reflect credit and honour i any country, but at present they circulate b littlo, if at all, beyond the precincts of t! Parliament yard. When It is horne in mind that these dopai ment« are supported at groat expense to t country, are presided over by men*of admitt auilil;. and reputation, that in addition to t' valuable material work performed in each a lar quantity of scientific work of the highest ord in it-i clasB is both directly and Incidental added ; it is obvious that thoro must bo a 1< to .tho community at large, and that it ni prove (if it be not so already) dispiriting to t gentlemen engaged if more ample means of s prec'uting their labours are not givon. 12\. The patents have now accumulated un they have filled seven large volumes, furnish! material (if the whole wero" printed) for fi octavos of the ordinary size. Owing to the suspension of the work of erecti ail office suitable for their reception, they lie in pmall dark chamber, inconvenient of access, in unsuitable building in a remote part of the to« in the immediato neighbourhood of_ an oxtens' timber-yard. In case of a fire hroaking out the ¿hey ore exposed to imminent risk of destn ison. Notwithstanding the great caro.taken by t Jlegistrar-Goneral in arranging them with as mu B-ifl 'and solicitude for their protection as t very difficult cireumstances with vrMch he has contend will allow, they tun virtually oakaowa -. i. all except to those immediately interested in tho ?objecta of which they treat.- _ . _ . ? 'lev To publish all at full length with the draw- ings of the size-of the i originals would he toe' costly a project to be undertaken now ; and eves "ere the means at the disposal of Her Majesty's Government' ample for the purpOBe.it is a course which we would not recommend. However, it is X__-fest that, whether it,, be deemed expedient to publish them in extenso- or- in an abridged form, if the, publication be .deferred for a very few years longer the expense'of publishing what may be considered sufficient will have swelled to an amount which will effectually deter any Minis- try from giving their sanction to the attempt. 1- It is. however, possible to accomplish what is within the limits of reasonable outlay, viz. : (a) By eliminating from the map all suoh patents ? as have been taken out, originally in Great Britain and in foreign countries, and merely registered here, and selecting only those which claim privilege as the invention of persons resi- dent in Victoria. (b.) Exoluding from the letterpress all preta' tory matter and operative words of grant, print- ing only the descriptivo parts and notification ol claim of invention. (c) Representing the illustrative drawings ol a uniform size, and instead oE adopting an ex- pensive mode of drawing by hand, in all case; where practicable using the process of photo- lithography as applied in the Surveyor-General'! office. 15\. If such a course of proceeding were adoptee under careful and conscientious supervision, thi portion which it may be considered incumbent 01 the Government of tho country to provide foi might be executed at a moderate outlay; and i the whole of the undertaking were, opon estimât. ? and computation, held to be too expensive to bi completed this year, two volumes, one containim the fast and one of any of the preceding year' patents might be undertaken, and the remainde brought out yearly in a similar manner until -t arrears were brought up, when those dopositet after that time might appear in annual con tinuation of the series. The Government printor has been so good a to supply an estimate of the expense of put lushing the whole, the illustrations, 280 in nui. ber, being performed by the process of tracing transfer, and lithography, as near as possible i the style of the Illustrated Catalogue of Britis Patents. This, for 1,000 copies, amounts to tb sum of £2,500, independent of.printing; an ' with the means at his disposal the whole of tb work (oven were it -advisable to undertas it) could not bo performed in timo. TI Surveyor-General has also had the goodne , to cause an estimate to bo made of ti ? cost of carrying out the project on a simili style by tracing, transfer, and photo-lithograph and for a like number of impressions fixes ti cum at £1,284. If, as before remarked, a po lion only of the work were undertaken not funds sufficient might be forthcoming withoi any undue pressure on the revenue, or inte f crence with the execution of any other neoe Bury work ; while it is to be expected that som thing might accrue by way of return for the ou lay by sale of the volumes or of copies of int Tidna! patents. 16\. The publication of the Physical Atlas coi monds, as it appears to us, still greater i (a.) The materials for its construction exist in the elaborate productions already in the offices of the Paleontologist, Board of Science, Director of National Museums for Recent Zoology, Geologist, Surveyor-General, Botanist, Meteorologist, and Begistrar-General. (o.) It would embody ina form authenticated and vouched by the authority of Her Majesty's Government the most interesting particulars con- nected with the civil, social, and natural history of the country. (c.) It would, as wo may venture to expect, repay the outlay, as it would be readily accepted, not only as the work for popular information, but as the best, indeed the only, work for scientific and geographical instruction for our university, schools, and private families. (eil.) It would Bcrve as a standard of referenoe beyond all doubt or disputo for those desirous of selecting a country as a place of residence or for the investment of capital, or for those who may bo engaged in the more comprehensive project of directing immigration to these shores. Ä Wo have tho honour to* submit the foregoing for your Excellency's consideration. We trust that you will bo pleased to approve of the sug- gestions, and that with that approval and the sanction of your Excellency's advisers, we may bo empowered to take immediate steps for the publication of the patents, or such portion as your Excellency may bo advised to allow, and as well as for the compilation and publication of the Physical Atlas of Victoria. , I may conclude by observing, that no estimate has been made of the probable expense of com Ínling and printing the Physical Atlas. The pro iminary outlay might probably be borne by the Board of Education, to bo repaid by the presen- tation to thom of a certain number of copies. However, it is confidently expected that the pub- lication would repay the cost. I have the honour to be, Sir, your most obedient servant, REDMOND BARRY, President of the Commission, THE GOLD-FIELDS. The idea having somehow or other become general, that the yield of gold for last year was to be the lowest-that, in short, the turning-point had been reached, and for the future that eaoh year was to show some improvement again- the escort returns are now more anxiously looked for, and the changes from week to week more carefully noted. Thus it rather caused a surprise to find that there was a falling-off last week of some ten thousand ounces, leaving the amount for the commencing months of the year by so much below tho amount sent down in tho same number of weeks of last, not- withstanding the abundance of water now, and through the greater part of tho summer, available for the miners' use on most of the gold- fields, and the opening up lately of so much new ground. But it is a question whether this differ- ence is to bo taken as any indication of a falling off in the yield. The quantities forwarded from some of the old fields, varying little in their aver- age yield, were very small, while a third of the Yinolo amount came from the new field, or, rather, fields, in the Avoca district. Owing to various reasons, there is from time to time a reservation of gold, and a reduction in the quantity offered for sale, and just now it has be- come known that thero is really some chance of the export duty being abolished or reduced, so that it is with much show of justice supposed that many of the miners and companies not in want of immediate funds are waiting to take ad- vantage of tbe rise in price that must follow any alteration of tho duty. While, however, the falling off in tho week's returns has brought the apparent yield of the present year ao far below that of last, the quantity exported has been greater during this period by three times the amount or the deficiency m the escorts. Neither amount during a short period gives an accurate criterion of the actual yield of gold, for the facilities of communication by coach allow of parcels being safely brought to town by travel- lers ; and it has been stated on authority that much gold is smuggled out of the colony ; but, sotting one against the other, and knowing as we do that the mining population is more fully om plojed just now than for a long time past, it is tolerably safe still to concludo that this year will not be marked by any further de- crease in the total annual yield. The general activity of the alluvial miners is principally due to the discovery of the different new fields in the Fj renées, on which so many men are now col- lected, and where the proportion of successes appears to bo above tho usual average. The sinking on these fields is mostly shallow, but already some of the leads have been traced to a considerable depth, and are therefore more likely to be enduring, and three or four very rich quartz-reefs have been opened, although this last branch of mining has received little attention. Thua, this district has resources of a permanent character to maintain its pros- perity after the shallow ground shall have teen worked out. In the mean time, muoh of this is yielding well, and only last week a nugget weighing over 281oz. was found in an abandoned claim on the shallow diggings first opened at Mountain Creek, and near where a piece weighing SOoz. was found a short time back. Besides the rushes to many; spots within a circle of a few miles round this point, there have been others to different places, but to none that promise to be of very much importance. The usual number of new reefs has been discovered, and the present experiments with amalgamators of all sorts promise to lead to some improve- ment in this process, and a consequent saving of much of the gold now lost in the tailings. Great hopes aro entertained of being able to se- cure all the gold in pulverized quartz submitted to the action of mercury in a state of vapour ; but this will soarcety be done by the use of a common iron retort on a large scale, as proposed by the last reviver of this idea here. If the practical difficulties of using mercury in this state with economy are to be overcome, it will most probably be by the use of some more com- plex apparatus, permitting of the pulveri-ed stone being allowed to fall slowly through the dense- fumes, and being then carried onward into another vessel. Various compli- cations of revolving cylinders and furnaces' have been proposed for this purpose ; but it is too soon yet te form any decided opinion as to which plan is likely to- supply the acknow- ledged want of an amalgamator that will save all, or even nine-tenths, or the gold in tho quart« ? passed through t-.«xi--ing- mUl*.'- ' " \- ; Within the __& four .yeela" thero lure been a few, but not "very many, large'vielda" from t_8 reefs. It must be remembered, however, that , all the good returns are not reported, so we must I not be supposed to give : tho particulars . of ; every ono worthy of special notice. The Colum- bian Reef at Inglewood still ranks first as the richest in the colony. The last large yiold from it which has boen announced, was of 896oz. from 15 tons of quartz, or at the rate of nearly 60oz. to the ton. With this a lot of second-rate stone was crushed, the two parcels being in all 61 toas, from whioh the total yield was l,3o0on. Of this second-rate stone, as it is called, there were soma hundreds of tons raised, whioh will give an ave- rage of lOoz. to the ton. Very rich quartz haï also been raised lately from one of the reefs at Yandoit. One parcel of this, weighing 6¿ tons, yielded 600oz. 4dwt. of gold, and another lot of 35 tons yielded 908oz. Besides these, there have been largo yields from small parcels of stone and picked specimens, whioh ive need riot particularise. Of largo nuggets we have also had a goodly number, and some of very fair slza. The famous Evans Gully at Kingower, has pro- duced yet another, weighing 152oz., and one of _81oz. 17dwt. 12gr., was found a few days sino a in a small spot of ground left unbroken in an old claim at the Mountain Greek diggings. Several nuggets, weighing 80oz., or thereabouts, besides very many smaller ones, have been found on dif- ferent fields, and a very rioh patoh, both in nug- gets and small gold, was reached last wook orí tha course of one of the old leads at Ballarat. From this were taken in five days 668oz,, including nuggets of 20oz, 30oz., S4oz , and 133oz., re- spectively, the remainder being made up of smaller nuggets and fine gold. AGRICULTURE. Just now tho farmers aro all busy ploughing, and for this part of their work the season hitherto has been remarkably favourable. Most descrip- tions of land wore in good order for sowing almost immediately after the removal of the last oropg, so that there has been no delay or loss of tims in waiting for the rains, and just as it was beginning to bo said that a httle more mois- ture was desirable for the young plants airead/ up, and to hasten the gorminaiion of the seed lately sown, down came the equinoctial rains. These in some parts of the colony were extremely heavy, but altogether wore most advan- tageous ; and now there will bo no reason to fear for even the most dolicate of the young oropj, unless it should be from an excess of moisture if the winter is a severe one, and on that point it is quite too early to form any opinion. The condition of tho great bulk of the last grain crops has been pretty well ascertained by this time, and is much what it was supposed at har vest-tim 8 to be. Ia some districts a largo proportion of the wheat bocame not only discoloured, but matted in the car, and the millors have to dis- criminate carofully between the samples offered them. A certain proportion of this they, of course, work off with the dry grain imported from the neighbouring colonies and California, bat the quantity is much greater than they_ can dispose of in this way, and the amendment in the present distillation law is anxiously looked forward to. For this purpose only can anything like a fair price bo obtained by tho growor for his damaged grain, and for his benefit es- pecially it was introduced ; but there appeau to bo no great haste in hurrying the new measure on, although in this caso a few weeks are of much importance. Prices of agricultural produoa generally have been very steady for some tims past, and promise to continue so. Those cannot b 3 called high, but still aro calculated to afford quite as good a remuneration, whero tho management is at all passable, as can be looked for at present in most other pursuits. Owing to the great abun- dance of grass through the Bummer, ilia supply of fat cattle and sheep sent to market just no v is very large, at the season when meat is usually scarce, and the prices obtained by the settlers ar J proportionately low ; but although their profits are thus reduced for the time, the good general condition of their stock will give them a larger increase, especially of lambs, and next clip of wool will be heavy. The annual Melbourne grain show was held at the close of last month, and, although not equal to former exhibitions of the kind in the number of ontries, yet was very credit- able indeed, considering the unprecedented difficulties of. tho last harvest. These were scarcely experienced in South Australia, only enough rain having fallen there during tha summor to bring the grain to the highest stato of perfection, while- hero tho harvest-fields wero deluged over and over agaiu, so that, as anti- j cipated, the first piize was taken once more, after an interval of some years, by wheat grown in that colony. The second prize sample was grown in Victoria, both being of the Tuscan variety, and weighing aliko, C8_Ib. to the bushel. Several of the other samples selected by the judges weighed very nearly as much: but,"contrary to their I usual oustom here, they preferred the large, i strong, almost coarse looking wheat to the small, | plump, thin-skinned varieties, whioh of late have been always sot apart for the first honours. The Tuscan variety is rapidly coming into favour with the farmers out hero, as it is a prolifio kind, and resists well tho injurious effects of an exoess of either heat or moisture. Equally good in weight was the first prize sample of English or malting barley, which ran5831b. to the bushel; and the best short or potato oats weighed 50_lb. The long grained and lighter Tartarian oats are moro genorally grown, on account of a return 'from thom being moro certain, but it will be seen that the former como to great perfection, and from them very excellont oatmeal is now prepared in the colony, and, being thus obtainable fresh for use, must soon drivo the imported articlo from the market. In roots our autumn ex- hibitions have this year excelled, as the dripping summer was most favourablo to the growth of such crops ; and the English fruits havo been unusually fine. At the Victoria Society's show lately, at Heidelberg, there wera some really splendid collections of apples, pears, and other late fruits ; and at both Bhows there were very excellent wines of our own making. These vary much in character, and, with the larger number of vines of good sorts coming int J bearing each year, and tho greater amount of oar3 bestowed on the wine inits different stages, itisba coming more andmore manifest that this branch of industry is destined to become ono of very great importance amongst us, whether wo look merely to our home consumption, which is fast increas- ing, orto the supply of moro distant markets. i The autumn shows aro now over, and the plough ' ing matches, of scarcely less interest to the farmers themselves, aro about to bogin. An ill judged attempt was made by the Government to slriko off the E ."mates so m joh of the sum usually granted in aid of agricultura that little or nothing would have been loft for distribu- tion amongst the different Booieties. In self justification the Chief Secretary made most unjust and untenable chargcäof mismanagement against the very best of these, the Port Philip Farmer's Society, whoso shows of stock and produce each year aro a Bourco of pride and interest to the whole colony, as well as against the Board of Agriculture. But alargo majority of the members of the Assembly decided that there should be no such reduction, and the usual amount of aid is to be afforded from the publia funds. The Pleuro-pneumonia in Cattlo Bill lins passed both Houses, and now only awaits the Governor's assent. In all respects but ono the mensuro is good, and that is in its not offering any inducement to ownori of cattle to give early intimation of th i appearance of this disease. They aro only to b3 paid for such animals as provo to be sound whoa killed, but not for such as are diseased, so that 1 these may as well be allowed to dio or bo aban- doned to their fato as given up to the commis- sioners. Heavy penalties will be incurred by concealment, but it will be hard in many eases to adduce any evidence of a guilty knowledgo ; other- wise the bill appears to tie well adapted for the intended purpose, and it is much required just now, for within tho last few weeks there have bean bcveral fresh cases in different parts of tha country, principally among the working bullock! ; belonging to carriers on tho roads, thus giving to J much reason for the belief that the seeds of the malady havo been widely spread, ASSISTED IMMIGRATION. Renowed attention has lately been given to th) subjeetof Immigration, and on Friday night last the Commissioner of Trade and Customs laid on the i table of the Legislative Assombly the new regu- lations for carrying out a voto of £79,000, ia addition to £21,000 in the hands of the Emigra- tion Commissioners in England; making£100,009 in all for the service of the present year. These regulations aro now published, and as they aro of importance, we briefly summarize them here for the information of our readors, both in Victoria and in England, The chief feature is the issuing of "passage warrants" to persons desirous of bringing out friends or relatives from Britain, o a making application to the Custon» Department of the colonial Government, and tho condition ? under whioh such "passage warrants" may bj obtained are as follow :-The applicant, in tli3 first place, must fill up a form, stating at full length the christian and surname of th3 intending emigrant, age, whether married or single, relationship, trado or calling, and his or her address in tho United Kingdom, It is also necessary to state whether the nomi- nee has boon 'previously in this colony, in whioh case no "passage warrant" will »8s granted under any ciroumstances. The form liaving been properly filled up, the applicant must prese at it in the proper quarter, with an ao- i companying note} requesting to bo Informed of tho amount to bo paid, for the. passage of his 7 nomino.'or nominees.'- Xi»t application milba, duly answered,* and* thejomount stated, "on tha , payment of whioha"passagonwar»Tint"'willh3 . issued to tho 'applicant, and no tnay, then trans- mit it, by post or' otherwise,' ,to his friend or ..friends in England.'' If ought to ho specially "noted, that in all cases the applicant must maka the payment fixed by Parliament previous to obtaining the ''passage warrant." The amounts BO fixed are :-Por a malo undûr 12 years of ago, £3 ; and for a femalo, £2. For amalo upwards of 12 and under 40, £5 ; for a female, 12, as above. Por males of 40 years and upwards, £0 ; and for females, ¡£3. On receipt of the " passage-war- rant" ia England, tho intending emigrant (ex- cept in the cases of unprotected ungle femaloi) may engage his or hor passage, by any ship [ sailing from any port in tho United Kingdom to any port in the colony of Victoria; and tha " passage-warrants " will in all cases be accepted, I on presentation by agents or shipowners, as pay- ment for tho sums thoy represent. Single women introduced to tho colony in ordinary passengor-ships, under those regulations, must bl accompanied by relatives or a family of friend I, otherwise their "passage-warrants" will not bj recobnized by the authorities here. Unproteoto 1 Bingle females must in all cases be introduced in vessels sent out by the emigration commis- sioners ; and, with regard to children under 15 years of ago, no "passage-warrants" will be issued, unless they are to be accompanied by somo suit- able person w,ho will take charge of thom on tha passage. It is also provided-and the provision is specially noteworthy-that masters of ship? bringing out passengers under these regulation* may bo required, at tho desire of their pas Bengora, to maintain them for a clear spaeo of seven days after arrival at their destination ; ani then, upon satisfactory proof being tendered to tho immigration officor that the conditions speci- fied upon the back of tho warrant have boen faithfully performed, the " passage-warrant " will bo, countersigned by him, and paid upon pre- sentation at the Treasury, in Melbourne. I! should also bo observed, that in the evenfof th: persons specified in tho "passage-warrant" bein, unable or unwilling to emigrate, the applioanl ?will not receive back tha money paid Tay him towards their passages, but unless he has required tho warrant to bo mado non-transferable, th: nominee, by obtaining tho consent of the emigra tion commissioners, may, by endorsement, tram fer his or her warrant; and should tho nominee b: dead, tho " passage-warrant" may be oxohangod upon application to tho immigration agon1 in Melbourne. Anothor olauso to which at tout io: must be given is that which deals with cases ii which the nominators may have wilfully misro presented particulars regarding tho persons no initiated, or when the transferrer may have don' the same thing with respect to the person ii -whoso favour the transfer is to bo mado. In al such cases the "passage warrants " will bo oatt celled, and the nominator will forfeit his deposit even although the nominee or transferee may hav been introduced to Victoria previous to the dis qualification being discovered. We need bardi, add that, in all cases, it is required that the per sons to be brought to the colony shall be Bri tish subjeots, of sound mind, in good health, an of good character. These are, briefly, the oond: tions under which "passage warrants'' aro to ? obtained ; and, as regards the necessary form to be filled up, they will bo provided with all r< quisite information from the undormentione officials. In Melbourne, application is to b mado to the immigration agent ; to tho assistai immigration agents in Goolong, Portland, Poi Pairy, Warrnambool, and Port Albort ; and t the receivers and paymasters in Ararat, Avoo: Back Creek, Ballarat, Beechworth, Castlemaim Creswick, Dunolly, Hamilton, Maldon, Marj borough, Pleasant Crook, Raglan, Sandhurs and Inglewood, There is a special clause applicable to the ii troduction of vine-dressers and others skilled i the production of wine and olive oil, and the pr scrvation of fruit, which provides that this ola of immigrants may be introduced, on pcrmissic being granted to tho applicant by tho immigratic af,out,thoapplication, as in the case of otU emigrants, stating the number and description i the persons to bo introduced. And on tho "r quisito permission being granted, the applioai shall be at liberty to instruct his agent to mai the nocossary selection, and to provide for ti passages: and each of the nominóos shall I furnished with a certificate, signed by the magi torial authority of the district from whioh he h been selected, guaranteeing him to bo of go character and a labourer of the description appli tor. On the arrival of the immigrants in t colony, and having been approved of by the ii migration agont, an order will be issued on t Treasury in favour of tho person for whoso servi they havo been introduced for the payment £V) sterling for each statute adult," The great object of these regulations is, course, to insure tho introduction of respectai immigrants of all classes to tho colony-porso able to win their bread by creditable and use! labour ; such a doss of immigrants, in fact, may'bo likely to do good not only for themsolv but for a colony like this, whioh must bo regard as having a great future heforo it, whatei amount of depression in certain branches tr.ido may temporarily exist. Nor is there r son to doubt that these regulations, if props carried out, will to a great extent realize I objoct in view. Wo* have more than enough tho unable and unwilling in the colony alroai A superior class of immigrants only is wanted, s tim want will bo supplied if such regulations these are properly and judiciously carried out. AMUSEMENTS. Opera has been the feature of the month at the Theatre Royal. The Lyster company gene nilly have given great satisfaction ; but, in a pecuniary point of view, the season has beon anything but successful. The operas produced have been "Lucia," "Maritana," "Lurline," " Fra Diavolo," " Lucrezia Borgia " " La Son- nambula," " The Crown Diamonds," and " The Bohemian Girl," with which the season termi- nated on Saturday night, the 20th inst. Madama Lucy Escott, who was the primo donna in all the operas except "Fra Diavolo" and "The Crown Diamonds, has established for herself a reputa- tion both as an accomplished singer and a fascinat- ing actress, which is second to that of no artist who has appeared in Australia. She was attain- ing her greatest popularity just as the season closed, and ,tbc '.musical portion of the public will welcome her re-appearance with eager nets. Mr. Squires, the first tenor, has abo achieved great popularity. Ho possesses a voico of great sweetness, and moro power thai ho was at first given credit for-a fact whioh be carno manifest as tho season advanced. Miss Rosalie Durand appeared in the character of Zerlina in " Fra Diavolo." and as La Catarina ia "The CrownDiamonds. Herrocentsevero in- disposition so affected her voice that it may be stud tho public- have not yet had an opportunity of forming a fair opinion of it. Sho has great vivacity as an actress. Miss Georgia Hodson (contralto) made a very favourable impression as Lazarillo, and as tho Queen of the Gipsies injtho " Bohemian Girl." Mr. Farquharson (basso) is a gentleman so well known that it is only necessary to say of him that he has fully maintained his reputation as one of our most valued artists, Messrs. F. Trevor (second tenor) and F. Lyster (baritone) were also acceptable in giving greater completeness to the cast of the various operas than has before been possible. Miss Ada King (secunda donna) is entitled to similar commendation. Mr. Reiff, the con- ductor, has won golden opinions by the energy and talent he has displayed in the organization of tho band and chorus. Mr. Lloyd, stage-manager, is abo evidently practised in his work. Thepeou niary result of the late season is matter of rogret here to all lovers of music, and it is confidently be- lieved that a second and longer season, based on the subscription principle, will prove remunera- tive to Mr. Lyster. Opera having terminated, Mr. G. V. Brooko, supported by Mr. R. Younge and Mr. and Mrs. Robert Heir, is playing his "' farewell engagement" at the Theatre Royal. The audiences on the two first nights, in which Mr. Brooko appeared as Sir Giles Overreach and Jacques, have not been so largo as was expeoted. The 2-.n was celebrated, according to custom, by a speech in honour of Shakspearo, delivered with much taste by Mr. R. Younge. As soon as the publio are convinced that the groatest actor of the day will actually leave us there will no doubt be a proportionate oxcitement, " Cupid and Zephyr" was the Easter piece at the Princess's, ana has 1 oen succeeded by Byron's " Prince Poppetti." Miss Julia Matthews retains the favour of the public as much as ever, and deservedly; for whether the piece in which she appears be good or bad, wo have no ono in her peculiar line of bur- lesque equal to her. " The Corsican Brothers" has been successfully revived at this house, chiefly awing to the good acting of Mr. H. Edwards, as the Dei Franchi, and to the merits of ths mise en scène. Tno Pantheon and Cremorne have closed. Mr. H. N. Warner, a tragedia. of much ability, and popular here, hai been playing a partial engagomont at -13 Prince of Wales. Miss Fanny Young is at the same house. In musical matters we have to note a satisfactory performance of "The Creation" by tho Philharmonic Society, which was con- ducted, for the first time, by Herr Elsassar, the newly-elected honorary conductor, with 'decided success. Mr. W. B. Wray, the father of the " Little Nightingales,'* died, much regretted, at Brighton, rather suddenly, a few days sinoo, and the concert has been repeated for tno bonont ol his family. CBICKE-. ! On taking a rotiospectiveglance at our cricket- ing season, whioh will terminate with tits present'month, there are many matters whioh deserve attention. In the opinion of-many per 'J^g],^ökotlh_s^not^I)e^i,Bnpportedwith tha \- same zest ¿s in previous years,-but to those hold- ing such an opinion there aro many answers to bi ghen.'Foremost is the fact that,' since the volunteer movement has taken so strong a hold upon our young mon, many holidays are devoted to rifle practice which heretofore were appropri- ated to visits to fields -where "minno buttles wore fought- without Iho aid of military disciplino, and whore the missiles wero of a more peaceful description than Enfield or Lancas- ter rifle bullets. Many, of thoso who in former years donned the cool white uniform of their club havo this year exchanged it for the grey of the rifles, or tho more snowy dark blue ana red dress of the artillery. Admitting, however, that among the Benior clubs crickot has not been prosecuted with as much ardour as oould bo desired, one has only'to turn to the junior clubs, which soason after season spring up from among our sohools, to bo convinced that a loví for the game is strongly implanted in out south- a lovo which, encouraged as it is here by those who nave the education ol the young, has already had the effect of introducing to notice somo most promising young players. The great evonts of the pre&snt; season have boen the victory gained by the Vio torian Elevon over their brethren of the willa « at Sydney, and tho wresting of the Challen.;« Cup from the Richmond Cricket Club by a, team composed of what are tormed in orickoting parlance " Colts." With reference to the firsl event, Viotoria sent an elovon in whioh manj new players formed a conspicuous part. Mis givings wore entertained, not from a fear tha1 thoy could not stand against the bowling of thi Sydney mon, but that thoy would foci 'nuol in the same position as au ensign in i regiment when ho is ordered on foreign ser vice for the first time. The result of thi match, however, proved favourable to our Elovon As regards tho enáltenlo cup, whioh was given bj Mr. Coppin, until within tho last few weeks i was retained in the possession of the Richmonc Club, whioh consists of somo of our best players The East Melbourne Club, however, althougl consisting of very young membors, sent a ohal lenge, and played 15 against 11 of the on] holders. The result of the gamo was, that th trophy passed into tho hands of tho challengers A return match has. howovor, been oom inenced, and from tho state of the gam at present It is exceedingly doubtful whotho the cup will not pass the winter month with its original jwsBessors. Among the pro f essional playors ltf the colony who during th past season have lent assistance to the clubs mayjb noticed Marshall, who this year has made som very good scores ; G. Elliott, whose bowling wi bear a fair average ; tho veteran Bryant ; S Cbstick, who throughout tho soason has frc quently distinguished himself ; the brothoi liuddlestono, tho elder of whom has mado tb top score in the last campaign ; and Hopkinsot who has established for himself a reputation as longa top. Among the gontlcmon playors thet aro now many good bowlors, principally youn blood ; and as longstops wo havo some wh would not bo thought little of at home. Th season, however, is now on tho wane. Football are already exhibited in cricketing depots, an steps are being taken for the organization < clubs. Bats will bo carefully oiled and packe aw ay for the next few months, and in lieu i thom will bo used sturdy arms and legs. Pro present appoarancos there is a prospeot of son good clubs being established/and every oncourag jnent given to a game which for two or thri seasons has bcon most popular in this colony. SPORTING. Wo have now arrived at ' the " fag-end" of tho lacing season in Victoria, and, with the excep- tion of somo fow small meetings in the provinco J, our thoroughbreds have . nothing before thom here until next September. Two of the best we have left to us aftor tho labours of the year, Mormon and Gaffer Groy (the first by Premier, and the second by Delapre), have gone to New _oiilh Wales to compoto for the prizes at Rand- wick course, Sydney, whero (hey have received a compliment from the handicappers, who have estimated their morits so highly that it is impro- bable they will receive more substantial rewards. ¡Speculation on future ovonts has been lately a «lend lottor amongst our sporting men, and, in ii the absonqo of any "legitimate business" of interest, the American residents in Melbourne li ive obtained tho uso of the Flemington oouno for a day's trotting races, to como off on Satur ehy next. His Excellency the Governor hu given his patronage to the affair, and there will probably bo a good afternoon's amusement afforded. Since our last summary, thora have boon the usual annual sales of yearlings at Kirk's Bazaar, whore prices, considered very satisfactory, wera realized for the best of the young ones brought under the hammer. The annual regatta on the Upper Yarra will b j held on Friday and Saturday, tho 26th and 27t-, under the auspices of several of the leading maa in tho colony. _ RAILWAYS. - Tho following is a statoraent of the traffio re- turns of all the railway lines in operation in Victoria for the month of March (with the ex l ccption of the Essondon) : Govornniont Linos jt-olboumoand Uob son's Bay Molbourno aud Sub- urban St. Kilda and Brigh- ton Paa Bongcrs. 3808 17 7 2539 11 0 748 I 6 8 0| Total. 6070 0 0 2539 li 0 748 17 0 COMMERCIAL. There is little of stirring moment to report in commercial affairs during the past month. Trade has been quiet, and fluctuations have bconfew. The yield of the gold-fields during the first quartor of the year was 477,271o-, against 482,014oz. for the first quarter of 18G0 ; und the shipments amounted to 490,995oz. (Including 29,435ozs. on whioh duty was paid in December), against 453,842oz, The rovenuo statements for the year and quartor ending tho 31st March have been pub- lished in the Gazette. The rovenuo for the quarter amounted to £7(14,555 18s. 7d\, »gainst £034,185 17s. Gd, for tho first quartor of I860, showing a net increase of £130,370 Is. 2d. 'I he revenue for tho year amounted to £3,136,695 (is., against £3,201,143 14B. 10d., showing a not doorcase on the y oar of £124,447 8i. lOd. In (he Customs thero was an inareaie on the quarter in the following items: Wine, £1,775 5s. 8d. ; tobacco, £2,163 13i. ; cigars, £1,504 11s. lid. ; opium, £1,2(10 8s. 91. ; and a decrease in the following:-Spirits, £11,809 18s. 3d. ; beor and cider, £7,416 12«. : tea, £6,437 ; coff«, £1',508 11s. 5d. ; sugar ani molasses, £L3,228 6s. Gd. The net decreaso in this department was £34,273 6s. 9d. In ths îccoipts under the head of gold there was a ponoral increase, amounting i.i the aggregate ta £2,358 16s. In ports and harbours thero was a falling off of £2,445 4s. Id. Thore was an in- crease in the proceeds of the salo of Crown lan Is of £131,878 14s. 5d. ; in licences of £30,G7<' 12s. ; and on the Postónico of £202 16s. Thero v.as a decrease in foes of £-,815 0s. 3d,, ani In fines of £251 19s. Id. The increase in -tiso.il laneous items amounted to £0,435 12s. 4d. In comparing tho returns of this year with thom ending 31st March, 1860, we find a net deoroaij in tho Customs amounting to £118,672, made up of tho following items :-Spirits, £60,704 Cs. Id : wine, £2,163 15s. 2d.; beer and cidor, £18,337 0s. Id. ; tobacco, £1,843 16s. 9d. ; cigars, £1,017 16s. lid, ; coffee, £1,631 8s. (id. ; sugar and molasses, £30.267 12*. lOd. ; gold (export duty), £0,353 6s. lOd. The only items of increase were: -Tea, £572 Is. 6d. : opium. £3,745 6s. lid. In the reo-pts of tho Gold-fields Department there was an increase of £7,727 6s, 4d. In ports and harbours there was a falling-offof £5,0.8 l8 J. lid. In tho proceeds of the sale of Crown lands there was a decrease of £10,09412s. In lioenoei there was a net increase of £4,246 9s. Id. Tha increase in the poBt department for the yo« amounted to £5,6713s. 3d. Tho foes of court, and fines and forfeitures, wero nearly equal dar- ing both poriodB. In miscellaneous items thero was a net decrease of £124,447 8s. lOd. The decrease .in the consumption of spirits is on the whole a healthy sign, tho avorago par bead still ruling far above that of Great Britain. About one- third of the falling off is attributed to tbo extent to which illicit distillation is carried on in tho country districts. The Government bavo, however, promised to bring in a bill to lo- calize distillation, which will lead to this matter being fully inquired into. Since the rise in the rates of discount, deolarel by tbo bankB on the arrival of tho English Janu- ary mail, the money market has boen without movement of any kind. When tho February mail came in, on the 15th ins t., with the news of a i f urtbor advance by the Bank of England, som? {oar was felt that the local establishments would again follow tho example, but nothing has yet been done. The bonks have been for somo time act- ing with great caution, and it is felt that for the present suffioient check has been given to tho overgrowth of the credit system. The intern trade of the colony has been, ia consequonae, gaining in soundness and health, while commerce has improved under the influence of diminished I .thipments, and the greater care exercised in their selection. ,, ,, . ~ v . ' As already noticed, the yield of tho gold-fields' for the first quarter of the year was under that uf the first quarter of 1860. Bringing the returns down to the close of last week, in the following table, in which the separate quantities for the weeks and the totals aro compared, it will be seen that the total for 1861 is fully lO.OOOoz. below tho total of I860, and that the whole of this falling-off has taken placo in the past week. It is prohablo that there aro some considerable par- cels on the way down, or in the hands of buyers on the gold-fields : Nanio ' ofGold-flold. ! 1801. 1860. Castlemaine . "Blackwood . Sandhurst Maryborough. *Avoc» .. Hack Crook . Ballarat 'Ruglan .. .Ararat ., , * <(UK0U ., . .Linton'«.. . .Fmj thesdalo . Maldon.. oz. dwt 1,488 O 180 0 6,761 0 420 0 10,021 10 1,284 0 2,678 10 904 0 818 10 1,128 10 1,C01 0 822 10 oz. dwt. 1,275 0 820 10 12,020 0 778 10 8,651 "0 2,709 0 5,023 10 849 0 1,742'10 1.738 .0 4,Mi 0 1,026 0 20,041 10 645,091 10 80,840 0 '545,853 0 Tolals for tho years. 676,030 0 685,008 0 Tho escorts from tho places marked thus * aro fort- nightly, tho rest weekly. In the following table, the quantities brought into Holbourne weekly by the escorts from all tho gold-fields are given separately for three months, ending on Saturday evening. In the last column will bo found the totals for tho cor- responding periods of 1860 : 4267 4520 7003 2882 : 2807 3604 2403 5565 8248 6323 4433 616S 15655 2443 ¡9457 6761 Í a £93 871 666 ¡026 439 1018 607 1219 633 799 423 1443 120 868 1142 : 1262 18671 1004 1618 : 1162 1418 : xm: me 1313 : 1284 8612 t 4846 5104 I 4879 5776 I 4350 6181 I 3564 4262 I 3644 478g I 3817 2579 1450 : 2146 : 1906 887 648 1203 I0S4 1044 564 605 1076 475 1164 711 6266 763 882 6674 189110,022 763 996 4781 6611 4310 3105 42,125 39,979 87,314 30,019 36,249 27,860 43,305 25,691 42,143 823 29,942 455,443 453,276 The average weekly yield during the first quarter of tho year has amounted to 36,713 it. Subjoined is a statement of the average weekly yield for tho several quarters sinoo the beginning of 1857 : Weekly Average. lit qr.. 2nd qr. 3rdqr.. 4'h qr.. 1867. 43,816 44,408 61,810 63,011 1858. 41,025 45,200 48,236 43,917 1869. OZ. 41,982 44,417 44,623 80,084 1860. 37,082 89,517 40,204 87,723 1801. 88,713 There has been a brisk inquiry on tho gold-fields for all parcels offering, the banks buying at the rate of £3 13s. Gd, por ounce for standard gold, which, with tho export duty of 2s. Cd., brings the cost on board ship, exclusive of charges, to £d lGs, per ounce. The following are the brokers' quotations for alluvial gold :- For Omeo, 08s. to Via. Gd. ; Pleasant Crooka nd Goulburn, 74s. to 75s. ; Sandhurst and Castlemaine, 75s. to 76s. ; Maryborough, Dunolly, Avoca, Amherst, Biok Creek, Fiery Creek, and Ararat, 7Cs. 6d. to 77s. Gd. ; Ovens and Yackandandah, 76a. Gd. to 78J. Gd. ; Ballarat, 77s. Gd. to 78s. Gd. per ounoo. Tho Donald M'Kay cleared on Saturday with 50,008oz. for Liverpool. The shipments of the j ear have amountod to 601,138oz., or 25 tons Sqr, 191b. lOoz. troy, of the value, at ¿4 per ouuco, of £2,404,552. Up to the corresponding 'dato of last year, tho shipments amountod to 571,288oz., or 23 tons lOowt. 71b. troy, of the vnluo, at the samo rato, of £2,285,158. The following is a list of the gold ships whioh lui\o sailed during April ¡ Suiling. .. 8 .? » ? i I« .. W » 28 ,, 28 April l8 " 10 ,. 20 Ship. Boreas Prlnco of Wales , riioinls Wonpa Wonga , Qoldon Wost ' Yorkshire.. Agincourt.. Sweepstakes Norfolk .. ilangatira .. Donald M'lUy London ., London .. London .. Bydnoy .. Hong Kong London .. London.. Hong Kong London .. Sydney .. Liverpool 10,408 28,161 23,694 5,135 T.116 88,820 10,822 9,171 68,785 635 50,003 Tho money market has boon partially unsettled by tho rumours of changes in the rates of dis- count and exohango, hut the banks havo made no movement in tho, matter. The rise in the i uti s of discount, which wo chronicled in our last Minunary, has had tho effect, to somo oxtont, of 11 fctrioting operations, wliile roonoy is compara iitcly abundant, and tho opportunities of tem- porary investment aro limited. A proposition made by Mr. Francis, to próvido for the construo lion of reproductivo waterworks, by the issue of, during a period of four yoars, a million sterling of (! per cent, oxchequer bills, has boon received fatourably by capitalists. The nature of this proposition may bo gathered from the resolutions which wero passed in tho Assembly on Tuesday night;-"J.. That works for increasing the water-supply, when undertaken, should bo re- productive. 2. That sums required for water- | supply should bo raised by exchequer bills having 12 months' currency, bearing 6 per cent, interest, and for amounts ranging from £5 to £100, all being payable in tho colony. 3. That a bill be brought in authorizing the Government to raise any required sum, not oxcocding £250,000 a year, from and including the present year, for'water supply by oxchequer bills, providing that the gross sum to bo so raised shall not oxeeed £1,000,000." Tho resolutions having been affirmed, and Uto'want of water in tho interior being a pressing one, it is probable that the Bouse of Assembly will be called to give effeot to the vote during the current session. Tho question of tho establishment of a branch of tho Royal Mint here, on the samo term) as thoso under which the i Sydnojr branch has baen permitted, has boen discussed in tho Assombly. and an address to Her Majesty has been agreed on, in which tho Uppor House will bo asked to join. Tho bank rates of discount stand at-For two months', 8percent.; for threo months', 9 per cent. ; for four months', 10 por ocnt. Inte- rest ,is allowed on timo deposits at the following rates :-For deposits at 30 days' notice, from 1} to 2 .per cent, per annum ; at three montar notice, from 2 to 2j per cent. ; at six months' notice, from 4 to 4J per cent. T|io selling rates of exchange on England ara quoted at par for 60 days' sight for large amoaati, and 1 per cent, premium for 30 days' sight for bills under £60. Freight on gold by sailing vessels is from 2d, to 3d. per ounce, deliverable, in London ; insurance,.!;} per cept. By the over- land route, the freight to the Bank, of Bogland; including instance and' transitr duty, U 2 per,; cent.''; exclusive of inannnice, 1 per,ocnt. " i :'",-"i '.'The stock »nd share market has in some ma»- ' iBtrre reoovored from the low oondiUon -^T" which it has so long heenex-ttngmerelv Twiier' the past month a large amount of SMuriffiS changed hands, and prices generally hj£ob_S firmly supported. Mining shares aré^tUlLfcSî at generaily.with suspicion, but for somÄ compames', in which confidence is cshWtoST there is a stead; and continuous demand.A__?f ihe sales of the week we notice- Nationallo of Australasia shares at £3 Is. Gd. . "B¿_Tni>nk tula at JESSI*. ; Melbourne Gas e'nd CokÔoT^ pony's shares at JElOUs. for old shaAfe ii »¿S?* 5 AurtralastrmlnBunmco Co_p_?,t? *18s.M.: Melbourne and Hobson'« Baï g_i waysat £50. In debentures-Government W." terworks 0 per cent, havo changed handsaUloT Suburban Ballway Company's 10 ner »7* ' £.10010s.; and 8t Kilda and Brigí£,^?_g 10s. In mining shares transacions have b£* quiet. Catherine Beef haye changed Ä 10s. ; Eaglehawk Association, at 2'Js Gd . p? linda, at 10s. ; Eaglehawk Union, at 23s hil .JJ 24s. ; St. Arnaud, at £23 ; Nel on ltÄS? A renewed attempt to imposo heavy wharfam dues ona I goods comme mto tho colony is Um_V ened in the Assembly, Mr. Johnston, forraerlv; member of the present Government, hann» given notice of lus intention to move in the HouS the resolutions enunciated by tho Treasurer iri Ins financial statoment, and given in detail hour summary of Jan. 25. The feeling of the HorZ has been expressed so strongly in Una matter that the resolutions will probably be withdraw» At any rato, there is no prospoot whatever of their passing in their present shapo, or in an» shape, during the present session. ¡ ' Tho import market has been very quiet with ?. tendency towards firmer ratos. Tlio ¿han«» which havo taken placo aro noticed severally ni our market report elsewhere. It is gratifylne " have to record tho growth of a firmer and sounder condition of trade. The long period durini which tho market has been undergoing the pro- cesa ofweeding is bringing forth somo ffcit »t last. Tho long oxpenenco of a heavy market with largo importations and little confidence has checked the disposition towards rash speculation which was for some three or four years á main featuro of Melbourne business. ''The speculations which anso now havo something mora in them than tho narrow chanco of an operation, on the market. _ At the Bame time it must be admitted that, with a stationary population' the j-rospects of importers are not of the liveliest liuo, unless the action of the public, under the r ew immigration resolutions, leads to tho brionar lilher of large numbers of assisted immigrants At the annual general meeting of the Chamber of Commerce, hold on tho 19lh instant, the princi- pal items of interest were dwelt on by the retiring president, Mr. Charles Bright, who was re-elected to his position for tho ensuing year. Wo subjoin extracts from his address delivered on the occasion: - . " In again addressing you from tho presidential chair, I rcgiot that I ara unablo to contratulite j ou on any marked improvement in the commer- cial position of the colony during the 12 months which have olapsed Blnce our last annual meeting. " Business has been much curtailed, and con- ducted on safer principles, and trade and credit generally, no doubt, now rest on a moro healthy tind scoure basis ; but previous overtrading has lind to work out its natural results, as exempli- fied by numerous assignments, and a heavy list of insolvencies ; and our best interests are still lan- guishing from a dearth of immigration, from the unsatisfactory operation of the new Land Bul, and, abovo ail, from the continued uncertainty of tenure of the pastoral tenants of the Crown lands, which has led to the withdrawal from the colony cf a largo amount of capital, and what, portar«, is still more to bo regretted, of a largo number of a mest enterprising and intelligent section of our community. ' " Our prospeots for the year now commençais ai o, I trust, of a moro cheering character. ¡ "As a first instalment towards a return to prosperity, a vote has been taken in the Assem- bly for £80,000, to be employed in assisted immi- gration in 1861. and with this aid from the Go \crnment, email though it bo, and little as som» cf us may approve of tho scheme for its expendi- ture, it may be hoped that public attention ia Europe may once more bo directed to the adran Ingés held out bv Victoria to intending immi- grants, and that, in addition to tho "assisted" immigration which has been provided for, «s rr ay have a large increase in the " unassisted" class, which is of a more valuablo character, and brings with it a larger amount of capital. "The measures takon and in contemplation for affording a supply of water to the gold-fields, thus rendering the yield of the precious metal less fluctuating and uncertain than it.is at¿pre stnt. " ' " The promised introduction of au improved insolvency law, and the 'possible formation ;0Í a harbour trust, and construction of a graving dock for large Bhips, aro all important Btepsin the right direction; and these, combined with diminished imports and a more careful selection of goods suited to the wants of our community, rnny soon lead, I trust, to a decided ameliora- tion in the commerce of tho colony, and in tho prosperity of those engaged in it. " In contrasting our imports and oxports for I860, as compared with the preceding year, I find that tho declared value of imports in 1859 ?was £15,000.277; and in 1860, £15,092,7di, showing a decrease of £507,543 ; while the ox ports in 1859 amounted to, in wool and other cemmodities, £4.768,436; in gold, £9,122,037; total, £13,890,473; and in 1860, in wool and other commodities, £4,326,759 ; in gold, £8,624,860 ; total, £12,051,619, showing a de- crease of £938,854. r " Tho decrease in the value of our import!, bearing in mind that we have been, and still are, suffering from over-supply, is a favourable" fea tur »the caso, the aspect of which is further imp by a comparison of tho first three iron iii the present year and those of 1800, resulting in a further decreoso of £925,358. ' '* Of tho falling oß in our exports, £497,177 represent the decrease in the quantity of, gold which has paid duty, and this deficit, if it were of a permanent character, would, undoubtedly, bo cause for regret'; but when wo consider, that the mining population has not only been reduced in numbers, but that a largo proportion of them aro engaged in works which havo not yet yielded any return, while the capital employed on tho gold- fields has been greatly augmontcd by the acqui- sition of machinery, and by important works in course of construction, I see no íeason to appre liendNthat our sources of supply are failing ui, nor that wo need fear that our export of gold will not keep pace with the numbers engageais its production, and moro cannot bo reasonably expected. .' I need hardly say, that it is a matter of noto- riety thal a largo quantity of gold evades the export duty, and that the yield of our gold-fields is. in reality, larger than is ahown by the Cuito Iïouse roturns. The export of specie, or coined gold, also, which in 1859 amounted to £1.304,992, appears under tho head of 'othor articles in those returns", and the value of wool exported hw increased in I860 by £268,116, and the furthor deficiency muBt, therefore, bo in the ' other ar- eles.' the particulars of which havo not yet boea published by tho CustomB Department. "Between the declared >aluo of our imports nnd exports, there is'a difference against the latter cf £2,141,115. The' valuations attached to the former, however, aro often vague and little to he relied upon, while at least 10 por cent, should ba deduoted from these ' market values, for charges which havo not to bo sont out of the colony; and the furthor discrepancy may he accounted for by tho sale in England of Govern- ment debentures, against which the banks hare mado advances on this side, and the proceeds of v,liieli, therefore, virtually form a remittance viliich must otherwise have been made in gold or ether produce. " Tho immigration in 1859 consisted of-. » " Arrived-Assisted.3,161 Unassistod .. .. 27,43! " Nott lncroaao. .. 11,165 «In 1860- , ' "Arrived-Asslstei.WS» Unassisted,. .. .. 27,301 "Nett Increase.T.ST0 "In January,1861, there was an increase Djr Eca of 894 souls, but in the following month there was a decrease of B02, and March and April are likely to Bhow a further deficit, while the larra number of departures, as contrasted with arrivals in the two years (41,107 and 59,642 rcspeeurely) continues to present .a «lngular featuro ia tnu important question. " The agricultural interest has oertamly not re- tí ograded, but. on the contrary, has been »Dio w provide for tho inórense in population lrora natural causes, as alBO by immigration, aurinp tho year, the importation of breadstuffs to «J1 Wng fallon short of 1859 by 27 tons; tho quan- tify of flour and wheat imported in the forjier yrnr having been 33,151 tons, against, ¡n 1»WF 33,171 tons. Of tho quantity imported m low, 15,163 tons were from foreign ports, and li,"' abundant, which may in some measure.wm tcract the deficiency in our own colony ann«a» ßouth Wales, whoro the production is staten w have been considerably under the average.' " This statistical review, whUe' it indicates jw material progress, serves, nevertheless, to snow 'that the advance'of tho colony is but in.«MT ance, and would ¿gain becomo rapid on»«" iroval of counter-cting influences t? which IMTB alluded ; while a further impetus-!« likely*«' » , given to it by the oompletion of tho line», oj. »" way to the interior now in .progress of oon strnotion, and by the exhibition of works of colonial art and industry which ¡B to be held in Melbourne towards the end of the present year, in anticipa. (jon of, and in connexion with, the grand Exhi- bition of the Industry of all Kations, whiohris to take placo in London in 1862. These exhibitions I cannot but regard as of the greatest importance to this community, and as deserving ana calling for the utmost aid and support from evory indi- vidual engaged in the trade and commerce of Victoria." i i Two wool Bales only have been hold during the month. At these 875 bales were offered, of which about 300 bales were disposed of. The unfavourable advices from the home market deterred purchasers from operating, and the sales effected wore _tado at a deolino on former rates of from Id. to l.d. per lb. Greasy realized from 9d. to 13jd. ; lambs, lid. to 181cf. ; fleece, 18d. to 194,d. ; and sooured, from 14d. to 26}d. por lb. In the following table the declared values are given week by week, for the current year, compared with tho corresponding periods of 1860, together with the totals for the years up te date : Week ending 1800. Exports. 1800. 1801. _é¿. " 28 » 3° April 0 ,, 13 £ 111,193 872,843 222,881 6S0.180 475,010 404,644 150,3 484,005 102,614 831,814 287,027 801,801 201,030 106,071 421,481 822,224 180,160 804,407 181,189 409,471 827,705 107,103 821,611 117,112 141,000 200,369 243,602 263,001 224,001 105,681 84,847 200,181 - 186,822 107,188 102, tK» 872.839 110,127 247,108 174,013 130,102 99,230 200,700 205,688 178,271 13B,020 220,1*00 184,004 180,058 £ 210,340 232,14 217,230 480,093 281,04 80,825 270,01 201,257 869,003 85,101 802,283 40,037 297,021 46,871 202,781 239,272 4,890,203 j 3,877,888 ( 8.63i,317 I 8,055,0'11 In tho first period tho account stood thus : Imports - .£1,800,203 Exports .8,532,817 tnlsncc of imports over exports .. 41,303,016 . £8,577,838 , 8,695,033 In tho soeond poriod : Impprts \- Exports Bilanoo of oxports over imports .. £78,095 The following is astatoment of all goods bondel at Melbourno from tho 13th to tho 20tb inst. : - Brandy,40 hbds,; rum. 77hhds.; boer, 50 hhd* ; tobacco, i tierco, 14 i-boxos, 03 cases and boxo3 ; tea, 8,162 ohests. The deliveries during th.. sarao period for home consumption wero : - Brandy, 12Chhds. 1,430 cases; rum, 70A Mid«. ; genova, 1,598 cases; whiskey, l8 hbds. 83¡ cases; old tom, 4} hhds. 45ß cases; cordial*, 110 cases; spirits of wine, 3 hhds. ; other spirits, 3J hhds. 44 cases; wino, 71 hhds. 2U cases; beer, 87 hhds.; tobacco, 3.J tioroos, 18/" ¿-boxes, 128 cases and boxes j cigars, 14 casoj; tea, 9D5 A chests: chicory, 15 paokogos; opium, 7 packiïgos. The dohvorios for oxportatio i «ero ¡-Brandy, 29 hhds. 336 cases; rum, 111 lihds. ; geneva, 42 cases ; whiskey, 11 hhds. j old tom, 31 hhds. 50 cases ; other spirits^ _ hhd. ; wino, l8 hhds. ; tobacco, 11 hhds., h tiorco, 40 ?¿-boxes, 12 cases and boxes ; cigars, I case; tai, 1074 chests. Tho stocks in bond on the 20th inst. wore as follow: - Brandy, 6,410 hhd*. 01,643 cases ; rum, 2,747 hhds. 29 cases ; geneva, 64 hhds. 30,381} cases ; whiskey, 1,1763 hhd.. 49,542 cases; old tom, 916. hhds. 12,724cases; cordials, 3,396 cases ; spirits of wine, 116_ hhds. ; othor spirits, 1,483 hhds. 5,377 cases; wine, 2,588. hhds. 29,792 cases: beer, 2,603 hhds. 2,015"cases and casks; tobacco, 11 hhds., 891 tierces, 6,367 ^-boxes, 6,291 cases and boxoi ; cigars, 703 cases; snuff, 60 packages; toa,37,901 chests ; inolassos, 87 hhds. ; chicory, 430 pack- ages ; opium, 60 ohests 71 packages. Tho Insolvency Circular for tho month of 'Mardi supplies tho usual detailed information of tho insolvency 'business transacted during that period. Exactly 100 schedules wero filed, nearlv tho whole of whioh had reference to smtll estates, involving liabilities of and under £500. Tho callings of the insolvents may bo thui divided :-2 auctioneers, 1 baker, 1 bailiff, 1 bathkeopor, 2 blacksmiths, 4 boot and shoo makers, 2 board and lodginghouso keeper?, 1 brickmaker, 1 carrier, 1 carpenter, 1 carter, 7 contractors, 1 conohmakor, 1 confectioner, 3 clerks, 2 coopors, 1 cidermakor, 8 farmord, 1 labourer, 1 law clerk, 1 lighterman, 8 minors, 1 mason, 0 not stated, 1 oyster saloon keopor, 1 ovorsoor, 13 publicans, 1 paperhnn'or, 1 paintor, 1 plaätoror, 1 plumber, 2 restaurant keepers, 10 storekeepers, 1 slaughterman, 1 stockdcaler, 1 surveyor, 1 school-inspootor, 1 vocalist, 1 wheolwright. Certificates wore granta I to 30 insolvents, and refused to 3. Twelve assign- ments for the bonefit of creditors wero filed. Wo subjoin a detailed statement of the reve- nues, to which reference is made above, giving tho quarters and tho yoars side by side, for tho purpose of affording a oloser comparison : I.-CUSTOMS. Import Dutios On Spirits Wine .. Boor & older Tobacco Cigars Tea .. Coffbo Simar and molasses.. Opium Export Duty Oil gold.. Total Customs .. II.-DUTY ot Sri BITS MSTIIjti.U IN VicrontA III.-GOLD. Miners' rights ijiiartor ending 31st 81st March, March, 1800\. 1801. £ 104,052 11,804 18,007 80,103 7,000 44,882 5,401 41,778 2,813 2,072' 0,311 5,216 152,242 18,670 11,650 88,207 8,671 87,tor 28,551 4,073! 67,605 Jlusiness liconcos,. Leases of aurifer- ous lands, ko... 60S Escort and cus- tody fees Total gold.. IV. FonTS AMI llAHBOUIl, Tonhogo .. Filófago (at out ports) V. PltOCBKDS op TUB SALB OF CROWN LAWS .. VI.-LICENCES, Assessment Depasture Othor occupation Publicans' Spirit morohants' Auctioneers' llrowors' .. All othor licences Totnl liconcos . VII.-POSTAOS. VIII.-FEIS. Supremo Court . Üonoral Sessions & CountyCourts Courts of Minos .. Courts ot Pottj Sessions All othor fees Total feos IX.-FINES AND FouumjRES. Supremo Court . General Sosslons and County Courts .. CourtB of Potty Sessions All othor lines anil forfeitures X. - MISCELLANE- OUS. Passenger ratos , Chlneso ratos .. Unclaimed pound- ages Kents, oxcluslvool lands .. ? .. Government Prin- ter Labour, prisoners Elcetrlo Telegraph Storago of gun- powder .. Kailway income,. Solo of Govern- ment property.. AU othor roccipts. Tear ending 8lBt March, 1800. 705,408 48,620 83,012 167,000 27,164 118,622 10,051 183,386 12,402 274,088 1,584,6021 2,072 81st Maro!), 1801. 044,03) 40,353 70,674 155.10J 25,6 '« 110,031 17,410 103,113 16,113 207,735 1,405,830 \- j -, IMPOKTS r -.--, y , X1 ¿he Port of Melbourne during the quarter ended 31st March, 1861, compared with the corresponding period of 1860. Agricultural im piemen- , \--tall-Soda, tons Apparel and slops Ammunition' Fuse .. Powder.. Shot, toni Arma Guns and pistols] Arrowroot, lb. . Acpbtlto, tons . Sags and sacks . Sark, tons Beer Bottled .7 Draught . Biscuit, toss "Blanket- M-.wool lena Boats Books Boots and shoes.. Bran, bushels Bricks Building, No. Bath .. Brushware Building materials Butter, tons -ahbngc-troo Candles, tons Candlowick Canvas ,, Carpeting.. Cmring-, carts, &C.; Casks, empty Cement, lons CIICCBO, do. Chicory .. Chlnaworo Older Coals, tons Cocoa and chocó lato, lb... Coconut llbro,i tonB Coffee Coke uni! fuel, tons Confectionery Copper, tons Coppor oro, do. Copporwaro Cordago, tons Corks Cottons .. Cotton wasto Cutlery .. Dinpciy .. Diugs Diuttgl-s'waro .. Enrthcnworo Eggs Fancy gooils Felt Pleh Frcsh .. Fr"erved Salted, tens .. Flax } ¡our, tons Finit Bottled Dried, tons Green, bushels Furniture Furs CHUBS Bettles.. Pinto .. WJnelow Glassware Oluo -old leal .. Grain Barloy, bushols Beans spoos, do Gram, tons Malzo, bushels Molt, do. Oats, do. -Ice, tens tVlicitt, bushols .-described, do Grindory .. Grindstones Gum Guano, tonB Haberdashery .. Hair, tons.. Hardwaro and 8,816 7,779 104,804 8,190 20,781 1,320 580 2,186 206 18,177 782 72,108 60,181 2,821 00,005 28,871 16f*,S80| 7,227 1,002 67 8,807 11,001 121,020 122 00,868 1,210 2,100 2,461 10,858] l8] 0,201 84,220] 4,276 2,300 037 20,870 1,800 880 20,042 9,840 6,200 6,744 33,106] 1,720 17,800 3,010 41,468! 811 6,980] 506,688 26,283 2,577' 18,211 3,242! 10.07S 47 22.85S 12,760 li 89,3£î 2.30Î 33,731 60,027 20,001 396] 1,070 4,613 3,48' 16,46fc 681 80( 86I> 03' 11,201 20.3 60,58 67,18! j 30,051 16! I SOU 80,781 20,026 010 85,980 600 10,7171 128,002 1,168 126 5,025 4,000 01,116 20 85,063 020] 1,8 085 16,456 8JÖ04 16,182 8,617 607 417, 37,187 86 82,765 605 2,480 86,070 21,050 1,800 14,086 2,090 10,016 417,488 20,086 2,401 8,700! 2,800 0,724 186 18,887 107,850: 13,476 1,070 1,700 0,806 670] 8,1 10,7001 80,210 14,870 30,112| 2,000 70 4 2,100 18,202 l,21t 89; 6v~fiW 21 ""io ""so; 8G.0.7 118,500 10,081 101,034] 23 Ü793J ~66 1,178 824 _I_10l 713 71,858 1,210 1,144 70, 01,188 67,087i 210,811 8,5091 103,701 820 ironmongery Ha- and caps Hay, tonB,. Hides, Ko.. Hollowaro Honey, lb,. Hops, do... Hosiery .. Indiarubbor goods Instruments Musical.. Scientific Jien, tons Jewellery,. -ead, tons -eather, cwt. Xcatbcnvaro I,Indi *Uvo stock IJoined cattle, No. .. Horses, do. . Pifis, do. Poultry.. She-dp, No. BinghiIf birds . Bogs, No. Asses, do. Hores, do. Zebr», do. Mschlnery Uarblo .. _itclica and vestas .. Mats and rugs Meal Corn, tons Oat, do. Metal Yellow, tons Millinery.. Molasses, tons Nails and screws, do. Ntptha and cam phlno, gale. .. Nets Nuts Oars 011 Cocoanut, gals. Colza, do. Linseed, do. .. Olivo, efo. Sperm, do. .. Tjndoscribeiljdo. Oilcloth .. Oilmen's «tores .. Onions, tons Opium Paintings and en 100,671 16,741 _ 211 3,86t 80. 0,28t 20,801 8,6 10,84t 8,11« 100,26! 20,684 8,271 1,64) 1,041 0,72! 1,811 20,411 1,14' 31 I 21 68,814 1,941 14,041 1,7« 64 1,730 18,285 1,907 51,870 14,702] 3,272 469 9,216 13,488 893 5,049 2,096 62,221 18,118 2,743 1,040 1,100 39,901 0,288] 656 8,747 0,4881 2,021 8,006; 218,006 0,728] Paints, ko Fapcrliangings . Pcrftimory Photographic goods .. pipes-Tobacco . Pitch, tar, ko. . Plants ana soods.. Plate and plated waro Plumbors' ware .. Potatoos, tons .. Preserves Printing materials Provisions Preserved Salted, tons Quicksilver Ballway materials Bcsln i Saddlery .. Sago, lb. Salt, tons.. Sliipcbandlery Silks Bhlns \- Blabs Slates, No. Br.uO* Boap,toss.. Spccio Specimens oí Na- tur- Hlstoiy ,. Splces Bplrlts Brandy Conti-s Gin .. Of wine.. Forluroed Bum .. AVhiBkoy Undo-Tibcd .. Fno-go .. Starch and bluo .. Stationery Steel, tons Stone Building, tons.. Mill .. Paving Slonowaro Sugar Tallow, tons Ta] loca, lb. Tea Teils and tarpau lina .. Timber Deals, No. Latlis, bundles. Palings, No. . LOITB and piles, do. 1'iBts and rails, do. .. Sawn, feet (?pars, No. Shingles, do. _Icecltancous Tin.. .Inwnre .. Tobacco .. Cigars .. TobaccontstB'warc 1 tols and utensils Toys and turncrj Turpentine and varnish, gals. .. .winotu-I thread, tonB Vegetables, tons.. Vinegar, gals. .. Vfalchcsandclocln Whiting, tons ., 0,076 if I,' 2,03(1 19,801 1,67! 60,620 740 30,691 6,042 0,001 10,880 1,077 1,784 £.164 2,110 6,278 0,251 7,068 1,103 0,688 6,078 0,862 69,147 0,282 49,108 1,836 14,844 8,032 7,602 2,930 10,191 260 605 9,270 114 8,070 20,050 1,8. 7,2! 71,884 800 88,098 111 8,547 10,140 17,049 1.80B 185 4,337 00,858 4,924 2S5 3,269 1,403 230,462 l8 1,085 110,809 060 10,528 408 12,802 6,428 1,823 188,050 260 12 3.777 3,116 100 72,807 21,206 ' 2,040 11,076 2,060 6,101 11,012] 102,070 4,133 4,680 ¿o; 32,808 784 42,122] 206 20,307 4,202 2,470 1,127 765 2,222 286 8,087 2,604 1,249 786 0,182 1,008 12,883 18,050 4,485 113,534 1,764 11,019 21 0,920 720 10,083 361 1Í717 2,600 100,820 108 2,170 50,880 103 18,308 160 1, 8,122 2,051 7,093 1J760 11,134 2,100 3,111 120 820 098 180,832 185 70 108,220 100 3,102 750 3,049 4,814 0,478 24,003 22,070 3,117 6,272 77,890 2,47 5,410 18,310 4,802 2,105 100 120,873 242,008 1, 891,856 118 2,182 1,602 143,000 70 39,103; 184,200 0,020 1,782,760 1,048 291 09,043 82,158 6,800,740 100 140 11,000 2,070 1,029 em 01,697 13,206 190 8,tSS 1,809 3 8,812 9,887 3,72! 040,000 10,260 0,010,612 88,000 6,888 397' 16,054 22] 21.280 0,205 S 30,210 EXPORTS. Agricultural im- plements Alkali-Soda, tons Apparel and Blops Amis and ornum nltlon .. Arrowroot, lb. .. Bags and sacks .. Park, tons Boor Bottled, gals. . Draught, do. .. Biscuit, tons Block sand, do. .. Blankets and wool Ions Bones, tons Books Boots and shooB.. Pian, bushels . Bricks Brushware Building material! Butter, tons Candles, tons . Camas Carpeting . Carris gea, carts &c.; Casks, empty Cement, tons Choose, tons Chicory . . Ohinawaro Coull", tons Cocea and choco late, lb... Cólico Confectionery Coppor, tonB Copper oro, tons Copperwnre Cordago, tons Coiks Cottons .. Outlory .. Drapery .. Drugs Earthenware Fancy goods Felt Fish Salted, tons Piosorvod Flux Flour, tons Fruit Diiod, tons Green, bushels Fuinituro Glassware Gla«n Plato .. Window Gold, ounces Grain Gram Mn't, bushels Oats, do Rice, tons Wheat bushtls Grindery .. Guano, tons Gum, do, . Haberdoshory Bair, tonB.. Hardware i ironmongery Bats and caps Bay, tons.. Bides, No. Hollowaro Hops, lb. .. Horns and hoofs Hosiery .. leo, tons .. Indlarubbor goodi Instruments 1800. £ 1,014 225 7,882 4,402 741 1,247 108 137 1,017 414 2,147 0,108 1,787 *422 1,88b 242 206 1,704 1,210 4,802 87,58" 180 88,03(i 1,804 a 2,231 1,051 ODO 15 0,260 1,014 li 8.00C J_~"~ 40S 86t 1,850,010 1861 £ 025 004 2,099 520 314 4,208 102 516 8,760 08 660 2,460 b77 2,014 10,634 220 ITS 03v 768 2,040' 126| 123 16 10,740 26' 20,426 15,47( 111 1,86 100 2,002 22,012 1,306 l,18r 4,050 G56 1,302 10,043 3,59f 2,< 014 1021 1,840,23' 6( 2 360 2,762 8,720 20 0 8,000 ),02< 800 .0,601 116 071 1.07Í 670 885 371 8,70i 12,741 24,408; 2701 1,047 Quantities. 1800. ~12 6,402 0,260 1801, ""23 10,808 2,162 27,850 1 _ 82 280 45 1,003 600 30 27 102,326 108 18,067 1" 11,81 42,612 loTlCil 407 18,183 71* 12 00 37,165 Musical Scientific Iron andstoel, toni Jowollory Lead, tonB Load oro. do. Leather, do. Limo, bushels ?. Linen llvo stock Cattle, No. Horses, do. Aeson, do. . Sheep, do. Machinery Marble .. Matchos and voslas Mata and run , Heal-Oat, tons., Metal-Vollow.üo. llUlinery .. Miscellaneous . MOISBSCS .. .. Nails and scrows, tons Naptba and cam plilno, gals, ,. »ute Oars Oils, gals. Oilmen's stores .. Onions, tons .. Opium PaintB and varnish Paintings and en- gravings Paperbanglngs ,. Perfumery Pipes-Tobacco ,. PltCh and tor ,. Plants and seeds.. Plato and plated waro Potatoes, tons .. Preserves Printing materials Provisions-, Prcsorvod Salted, tons ,. Quicksilver Bags, tons Ballway material! Eesln ,, Soddiory .. Bago, lb. Bolt, tons.. Slilp-cliondlory ., Silks Skins Slates, Ko.. Soap, tons Specie-Gold .. Specimens Natural History.. Spices Spirits Brandy, gals. Cordials, do, -Gin, do... Of wine, do. .. Perfumory, do. Bum, do. WhlsUoy, do. .. TJndosortbod, do, Btarch and blue .. Stationery Btonowaro E ugar Tallow, tons Tea Tents and paulina Timber .. Tin.. Tinwaro .. Tobacoo .. Cigars .. Snuff .. Tools and utoiiBlls Toys and turnory Turpentine and varnish, gals, Tnlno and thread, tons Vinegar, gals. Watches & clocks WIno, gals. Woodonwaro Wool, lb... Zinc, tons,. 724 838 2,210 820 436 3,862 OK 8,805 1.067, 2,431 1,607 1,284 616 616 5,433 410 100 018 8,600 0,000' 11,1431 2,660 2,160 1,073 278 60; 7,080 0,273 15,800 tar 0,003 GO 1,070 812 23 2,005 11,803 103 1,277 132,175 60 1,013 21,089 810 1,848 16S 78 8,020 2,507 003 86 1. 7 12,128 6,243 18,803 6,107 26,785 1,202 8,243 l8 17 180 2,009 6,224 260 613,828 1,220 12,348 2,007, 181,410 24,088 184 2,426 2,662 1,8(10 634 517 2,110 01 ¿¿0,226 ^7,014 70 2,070 10 101 20,020 1,074 21 1,744 116 100 08 782 8,210 012 624,408 311 16,211 ~23 12,703¡ 10,000 48,070 558 21.736 1,170 23 14,480 8,840 1,097 60,603 305 8.594 ~0l 10,107 6,094 1,005 1,826 12J401 7,824,820 io! 676 ¿»soo fr,692,728 1 10 MELBOURNE MARKETS. WHDNESDAV, APML 24. THE MILLS. Business has boon confined to town trade, for which there has boon a Btoady demand at unchanged prices. Quotation« are-Fino flour, £18 por ton. Haxall and Gallego, 42s. to 44s. per barrel ; bran, Is. 2d. to Is. 3d. per bushel ; wheat, 7s. Gd. to 7s. lOd. per bushel ; oat moat, Bancroft's colonial £20 per ten. ' ' BETAIL MARKETS, Batchers' Meat.--Boof, 3d. to 5d. por lb, ; mutton, M. to 4d. do,'; veal, 8d. to Od. do, ; pork, 9d. to lOd. do. Poultry.-Turkeys, 10s, to 15s, each ; goeso, 14*. to 17«. per pair; ducks, 7s. to 8s, do. ; fowls, 8s. to 7s. do. ; rabbits, 4s. Od. to 0s. por brace ; butter, fresh, Is. 4d. to Is. Gd. per lb. ; eggs, 2s. 9d. to 8s. per dosen ; milk, lOd. per quart ; bread, Od. the (lb. loif. HAY MARKET. Mr. J. Fenton supplies tho following report :-" Our auket continues In the samo state ; we havo plei ' for the demand and quite enough trouble to dlsp;. . of anything below first- class, prices rango from £4 10s. to £710s. ; straw, £210s. to £3." EASTERN MAEKET. Tho supply or vegetables and fruit at market this morning was quito oqutl to the demand, and prices ruled at about following rates ¡-Vegetable«. .-Artichokes, 3d. per lb.; beans, kidney, 2d per lb. ; beet, Od. to Is. por dozen ; bouquet«, is. per dozen; cabbages, Od. to 2s, per dozen ; carrot«, Ed. to la. per dozen bunches ; cauliflowers, St. to Ss, per dozen ; celery, 2s. to is. per dozen ; cucum- bers, 0d. to la per dozon ; garlic Oil. per lb. ; hone ..dish, 6». to 8s. per dozen bunches ; leek, 01. pîr dozen, buache»; lettuce, Gd. to 8d. per dozen ; marjo- ram, Od. todd.per dozen bunobes; mint, Od. totfJ per dozen bunches ; onions (dried), 4s. to 6s. per cwt : parsley, 8d, to 0d. per dozen bunches; parsnips, la to la- 3d, per dozen bunches; peas, 2d. per lb . Sotatccs, 6s. 6d. per cwt. ; pumpkin, 2s. to 6s. per ozen ; radish, 8d, per dozen bunches; rhubarb, Is. to lp. Gd. per dozen bunches; sago, 9d. per donn hincho ; tavoys, 2». per dezon ; (ballot», 3d. per b.; thyme, 0d, per dozen bunches; turnips, G1 to Sd. per dexen bunches; tomatoes, id. per Ib.: vom. UK« marrows, Od. per dozen: kidney pótate-«/for teed,ljd. to 2d. per lb. Fruits.-Apples,3d.todd, per lb. : Ogs, 1__ to 2d. per dozen ; grapes, 3d. to 7d. per lo. ; lamons, Is. Od. lo 2s. per dozen ; melons, water, li. to 2s. Od. per dozen : do, rock, Is. ed. to 2s. 6d. per dozen; do., preserving, 2s. per dozen; 1 oars, 3d. to Bo. per lb.; quinces, l_d. per lb ; me£ lerP, 6d. per dozen. Dalry Produce.-Butter, Is. 8_ tola.-I. por Ib.; duoks, Os. to 7s. per pair; eggs, 2a Od. to 8s. per dozen ; geese, 12s. to 10s. por pair ; bens, 4«. to 6a. per pair } honey, Is. per lb. ; pigeons, 2r. per pair; rabbits, 2s. Od, to 4s. per pair; sucking pigs, 8s. to 10s. each ; tnrkovs, 16s. per pair. WOOL, TALLOW, AND HIDES. Messrs. 3. H. Clough and Co, supply the subjolnod report of these markets :-" Wool.-_inco our last re roit by the mall steamer Jeddo. on the 25th ult, tho Korket hero has romalned In the Bame inactivo state ci then referred to. The arrival of the European null , pi rT-nares, with advices from tho home markets up to the 20th February, bringing nowa of an anticipated e'ecllne of 2d. per lb. at too London weol sales about lo commence, has had the eflect of still further stag rating this market, and preventing tho fow straggling lois offering from finding buyers, except at such a re ""ductlor. on prices lately ruling as moBt holders aro dii Incllned to aceept, since tho anticipated deolino in 1 rices In February can have a very remote Influence upon tho value of wool for arrival in tho November tales, previous to which date tho possibility, if not tho probability, exi-ts that tho causes operating at tbo dato of lost advices to effect a downward tondoncy in prices will havo passed away, and higher rates bo again ruling. Two sales wera held here last week after the arrival of the mall, whon nearly* DOO bales woro otu red, of which only about 800 found buyors, tho re matador having boen passed or bought inonownon,' account. The attend-too of shippers was numerous being anxious to BOB tho effect of the homo nows upon tt_imarket; but the biddings were heavy, and the snles effected wore at a reduction, on all descriptions of washed wools, of about IJd. per lb. ; greasy wools however, wero very briskly competed for, and full prices wero obtained, as high as lija, to 13jd. havlntt been realized for Bomo good lots at the salo at our stores, at which wo offerod over SOO balos. The Customs clearances slnco our last, from Match IO to April 20, havo boon :-£81,8471b., valuo £23,870; previous shipments, from October 10 18t0, toMarchie, 1801,16,429.1071b, value £1,227 807 '. llotof, 16,711,8141b., value, £1,-61,177. Tho to'' lowlng ships have loaded sinos' our lait -wort -viz., April l8, Norfolk, with 778 baloB of wool on board : April 20, Donsld M'Kay, 709 balos : total 1,482 balea. Add Bhlpments by other vomols since October 10,1800, already roportod, 58,377.balos ; total shipment- to dale from Victoria, 60,860 bales. Our quotations are now :-For superior greasy wools, 12d to 14d. ; Inferior do., lOd. to 11 Jd. ; surorlor flooco, no eales, nominal ; avorago, 1810, to 20d. ; ordinary and Inferior, 18d. to 18d.: scoured wools, no sales, nominal ; handwashed, Sa, no Bales, nominal Tallow.-In this article thero has not been muoh busi- ness doing since our la- roport. Our salos for ship, ment consist of about 260 casks of mixed tallow at £11 to £ii per ton. Mutton tallow is taken up for lecal use. Shipments havo boon-por Norfolk It casks; per Donald M'Kay, 541 cask» ; totil, 685 Our quotations aro for beef aud mixed tallow £30 to £11 and mutton £40 to £48 por ton. Hides.-Sinco thó departía, of last mail, the only shipments havo boan 120 coskB per Douald M'Kay. Thoro aro, howovor now about 10,000 hides In tho market await-g f reicht Our quotations aro for good, well cured hldoslin shiiii ping order, 13a. 6d. to 14s, Oil. each." ' Messrs Goldsbrough and Oo.'s roport Is as fellows . -"Wool.-As usual at this BOason of the year, buil ness during the patt month has boen very quiet tlmost tho only lou coming forward for salo from the' country being small parcols of unw-hod, and inforlor portions of clips Bold during tho season. Up to tho arrival of tho Benares, on tho 16th hist., wit- advices from the horn a market to tho 20th o J Febi uarv. orí -as were tolerably firm. Tho unfavourable nows by i hat ve no1, howovor, of tho prohibió docllno of 2d nor ib In tho Fobruary and -arch series of sales, about com -cnclng, tightness of the money market, ki, havo somewhat damped tho spirits of buyors, who do uot now nvinco much deposition to purchase, even at a decline of from lil. to l*d. per lb. This was very evident at tho only sales hold during tho month ' v,kich carno off on tho 17th inst., whon 870 bates wero catalogue«*, of which quantity about 800 bales found buyers at thedeoliuo abovo stated, the remainder boin. withdrawn or bought in on owners' account. Slnoo ti CD, thoro bos been a tolerably brisk inquiry for lots in good condition, and a few sales havo bcon eirec-d, by pilvato contract at about tho samo declino n at auction. Trantaotlons In scoured aro limited, Uo cost of production causing fellmongers to ««£ Aî.rî.t0.?,Asn hxx)A«l' "e 1?°!ined t0 SlVb ; Indeed, to little is the demand for wool of this description that a largo proportion of tho shoepskins aro shipped, tho Bonold M'Kay alono taking 627 bales, of which Qu,n tly we shipped 433 bales. Wo h-vo -°¿ Tlíppod during tho month 400 bales scoured wool cn --li- ri, ongore account, thoro being no inquiry In this _* .'ño Oea-anccs »'neo our last summary are: March 28, Agincourt, Molbourno, for London. 1 OOu b. es; April l8, Norfolk, Molbourno. forLondon, 817 U,0i,a."EriI «.J00-»»«! «'Kay, Melbourne, for-ivor peol,782balos-2,685 bales. Previous Bhlpments,08130 tales. Total from Sept. 26, I860, to date, 70,785 bt'lVs? n itJ,ei8,rA.'icor-1'-s t0 '"î ,dTlaes tbero i" no Improve Rent in tho homo market, consequently merchants ai pear careless about opera>Ing; and. asfiaTb- ntl . fw^m,0nthS P"") th0 buItt of Melbourne hides a a t.',P-» 5n own0,>*< »«-ount. Small lots of country wet salted are saleable at from 11s. to 18s 6_ each -I.,í»r*--M úxxtm* th0 month are 894 casks, or about ?Ähn'df1' P»Do"*W «'Kay. Tallow.-T_o demand S ^w1-ltM-.hav'i,tr «-»T'y eommenccd, tho bulk S-ÄJK. co?lD» 'or***-ra Has boon shipped. Wo HW/ifí °r. "WPiaont-Boof, £38 to ¿12; mixed. £40 to £48; and mutton, £46 to £48 Der ton rw .tuces during the mont- aro-AglncSurt, 03 C-iks LIVE STOCK. Meesis, D. Campbell and Ou. glvo the subjoins! report:-".Fat Cattle-Tho tot»l supply arnuuntcd to DOO head. This number, although moderate In comparison with our previous suppuos, WM quito BofOolcnt for prosent wants, a largo number of tho borers having overstocked thomselves last week. Tho following averages have boon obtained:-Kollj's bullocks, £1 12s. Od.; cows, £i,Ds. Kutborford's (Colac), all bullocks, £1 li». Oil. A P,urt ofMoonoy'a bullocks, £6 is. 6d. A portion of Benrla's - bullocks, £4 103. 3d. ; cows, £3 0-8d. Bcmalndorof Mooney s bullocks, _818a 3d.; and Oastella'scows, £4 Os. 0(1. Wo sold Mlcklo's draft, principally cows, at £4 9s. Fat Sheep.-Of what como tohand, a largo por- tion were of second to Inferior qualitlos. We notice very little alteration In tho prices of good to primo lots ; say wothera.from 16a, to 10a. for tho latter ti i Bcriptlon, and from 18s. 84. to 11s. Od. for tho formo r. Primo ewes brought from 11s. to 12s. Ihero was a largor attendance of wholoialo bur or«, and, conse- quently, the second to lnforior qualities wero cleared out at graziers'pricos, say from 10s. to 12s., according to egos and condition. One very Inferior lot was told ni Ga. (k1, Wo sold 450 wothcrs at from l8). Od. to lis." Measrs. Bowor, Kuthorford, and Co. report:-"Fat Cattle-Tho supply this week has boon small ¡'but, In conscquenco of iho largo numbors still on hand, pricis roso but slightly. Boyond this, the quality WJS do cldedly below tho average. First class bullocks aro sought for, but socond-claas and inferior do not moot with ready sale. Wo havo sold 130 head H. Kelly's, from tho Lachlan, at ti Oi all round; 105, from Colac, at £4 11s. 6d. ; OS bead John Moonoy's, I from tho westward, at £4 63. ; 10 head paddock cattle, good quality, at £0; and 10 head Cha. wick's, at £i. BcBt bullocks, £5 to £7 ; second do , £8 10s. to £i 10a ; Inferior do., £1 to £3 ; bott cows, £5 to £6 ; second do., £2 to £4. Calves.-A good market for what carno In; priées 28s. to 55s. Fat Sheep.-A dull market, and inquiries principally for top lots. We have sold 720 tl'B herson's, at ISs; a JO U'EonzIe's, 10s. ed.; 1,800 Hlllar's, very poor owes, 8s. 0d. to fis. ; 2,012 Double's-wothors 12s. Od., ovos 6s. : C80 Keady's. Ila.; 770 Rochfort'e, 13s. Od. to 16s.; 8,7(10 Fraser'«, 18s.'to 14». Cd,; 301 Boll and Arm- strong's, 14s. wothors, 11s. owes ; 200 Olydo Oo.'s, 18>. sa,, a prime lot; 802 Srodio's, ISs. Bait wethers, 11s. 6d. to ISs ; second do., 11s. Od. to 13s. Cd ; ewes, 9a. to Sa Bd. Lambs.-A email lot sold at 11s. Od." HOBS- HARKET. Mr, B. Purcell roports " a grout want of froih Btoo'< In the horse markot this woek. Tho sales were wall attended, and there was a good demand for all descrip- tions of stock. Owing to tho great scarcity of uu brokon horses, large salos of ordinary town lots wore effected at my yard. Tho majority of tho dealers aro without horses, and aro now anxiously looklog for the first lot of unbroken horses being brought forward, which, If lu condition, will sell at lileli Ítrices. Buyors for tho country districts are a'so watt ng in town to roplcnlsh their stocks. Since last report Iho sales at my yards were for town lots only, of which a great numbor wero dlsposod of at-for cart bonos, £15 to £22; light harness, £9 10s. to £18 2s. Od. hacks and light harness, £12 to £17 ; and a lot oi rough hacks from £3 10s, to £7 10s, ; avorage, £C LABOUB MABKET. . Ihoro is but little chango t> report lu this markot. In tho country districts supplies of stockmen, shep- herds, bullock drivers, agricultural and rough labourers, aro readily prooiurod from amongst uu lucceasful diggers, and men travelling- through tho country In search of employment, so that tho town demand for these descriptions of labour is very .Ugh'-. For male domestics there is scarcely any inquiry, although where engagements ore made, quoted rates of wages are paid. Married couples ore chiefly enraigod for country stations, but the present, being tho dullest teston of tho year for both agricultural aud pastoral pursuits, but littlo inquiry exista. Thoroughly com- petent female servants are much required; and thone having respectable references as to character and ability find ready engagements. Young women un- accustomed to household work are numerously unom . ployed, and for this elias there is scarcely any in nully. The following are about the current rates cf wages, variations being made to moet particular circumstances :-Married couples, with families, £60 to £65 per annum; without children, £05 to £70 do, ; gardeners, £52 to £00 do. ; grooms, 20s. to 26s. per week; shepherds, £36 to £40 por year; hut keepers, £20 to £25do. ; general farm servants, 15B. to 20s. per week; ploughmen, 20s. to 26s, do.; bill- ie ck drivers, on road, S6s. do. ; do., on farms and stations, 15s. to 20s. do, ; men cooks, for flu-mi and sta- tions, 20s, to 26s. do.; cooks, for boteis, from £U0a. to £210s. do, ; female cooks, from £40 to £62 per year ; gineroi servants, £26 to £30 do. ; nursemaids, £1« te £!6 do. j laundresses, £80 to £36 do. ; housemaids, £26 to £30 do. ; parlourmaids, £25 to £80 do. ; car- penters, 11s. to 12s. a-day ; masons, bricklayers, black imlths, 11s. to 13>, do, ; pick-and-shovol men, 7s Od. do. ; carters and store labourers, 40s. to 60B. a weolc ; quarrymen, 10s. to 12s. por day ; fencers, 2s. 3d. to ti. Gd, a rod; splitting posts and rails, 20». to 80s. per 300\. i j SEAMEN'S WAGES. There has been less inquiry for seamen this week-, and the supply of hands continuing in excoEs of tho demand, rates are unchanged, and still rule at £4 per month for all voyages. CARTAGE. Tho late depression in rates of cartage has induced the withdrawal of so many teams from the road that a reaction has taken place, and, as is usually tho cato prior to the setting in of the rainy season, consider- able country orders aro being ezecatod. The inquiry for conveyance has consequently induced the team» tors in town to Beek for much advanced prices, and con- siderable parcels of goods are held back until lower rates are accepted. Under these circumstance« rates are subject to arrangement, and no correct Hit ol pilots can consequently be given. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES _ CURRENT. .? . The Argus Office, Wedntsdoy Evening. The retrospect of business in tho import market since the departure of the last overland mall is, on the «hole, satlifaetery. Transactions generally have boon for direct contumpUon or use ; and although not ot great amount Individually, it is admitted on all Ii mils that a iteady, wholcBomo tra lo has boen conducto 1 during the past month. The Intelligence brough; by the lost mail of continued decreased shipments hiving been mode from tho home markets of most de-, B-rlptions of goods, has not had any vlfllblo effect on ' rates, although prices are certainly firmer, and holders are evidently loss anxlons about making sale*, unless at full market prices, whilst all attempts at forcing trado havo ceased. The system of lessened credits has afforded ahealthior tone to business, and with a steady Immigration once setting ia, and a reasonably moderate supply of Bhlpmonts arriving, there scorns every prospectotaBteadytradocontinuing at falrpaying i ates to the importer. From a compai_tlvo state- ment in another column of the imports for the first quarters of the prosont and last years, tho declino is so groat that a genoral advanco in price« might f«irly bo looked for by shippers in the homo markets ; but tho inimonse stocks whioh have accrued on hand, from tho reckless venturos made during tlu last few years, aro still too great to permit tho hope of any general Improvement in prices, and will take a long period to bo cleared off, and should any increased pmount of shipments bo induced, their receipt must te followed by doollno hi prices. In fact, the futuro ruling rates of our markets will, in groat moasure, roat cn the Judgement of exporters. The domand for bulk alo, especially Bass's, has 1 oen very brisk. Stock» aro scarco of Base's, and holders Aim ; price liai rallied to £7 10s. to £8 for old, and parcels difficult to got. In bottled there has boon a fair inquiry, and prices havo boon woll maintaint.d Quotations aro :-Ale-Bass's Ko. 8, new, £0- obi £7 10s. to £8; Allsopp's, old, £7; other Burton brewers', £0 10s.; Joule's Stone, £7; Tennont'f I £6 10s. per hhd.; By as s'a bottled, 10s. 3d. ; other bottlers', 0s. Od. to 10s. Stout-Boat brands, £0 los to £7 ; othor trowora', £6 10a. por hhd. ; bottled' Bynes'!), 10s, Od.; othor bottlers', 0s. to 10s per dozen. Bags and Sacks.-Tho falling off in imports or threc bin-hol sackB telling on stocks, buyers find difllcu'ty lu getting purchases. Price improving ;wortb, nt present 12s. Good demand for bran bags at cheap ratos. Full wilght woolpacks scarco, and wanted ; light weights plentiful, and unsaleable Butter.-The advices of the hoavy shipment» havo di ptested pricoB. The present price for nowly landed parcels of doublo roso Cork is glvon at lOd. to 10}J per lb. * ' Candles havo beon rather easier in price ; there 1' however, a good demand, and at present tho market is not heavily stocked. Prices aro :-Nova stéarines is 6Jd. ; do. composito, Is. ; Bolmont sporm, is. Id . Ogloby'e, Is Sid.; Halo»', Is 83d. Tho hoavy «rrlva'ls during tho last few days havo temporarily depressed tho market, but, as stocks aro low, prices will BDOII J ally. Ctals.-Theroaro no English coalB ia tho markot Ncwcattlo, M.S W, aro worth from 84s. to 35s. " Confoctlonery -But slight domand for good assort- ments at lOJd. Cord»gc, &o;,-Cordage is moderately suppliod. and dull of eale. fipaming twlno is still scarco and sale- able. Hoping also getting low in stock. Quotations Sings, &o-Boda; crystals aro inquired for at low rates. Dtocks aro considerable, but woll held, imnorts falling off Boda ash dull of salo ; quotations nomina' Sulphur flour in moderato stock, but dull of sale Soda erjstals aro quoted at 05s. to 90s. ; sodaa_i" £14 10s.; sulphur Hour, £10; caustic soda, £22 per Earthenware.-Bather improvod demand, but at low rates. Fish, Dried.-New primo parcels of ling aro scarce, und In good request. Iho markot Is stocked, how- ever, with Inferior quality, for which there is no sale. AY lute herrings, lu barrels, in request. Flour mid drain.-Mr. William Lawrence reports of this markot :-" Flour.-Imports since tho 1st lnst. consist of about 1,600 tons from South Australia, and ISO tons from Tasmania, showing that we aro now drawing supplies from our ordinary sourcos. Tbo o 1 tvo not tar exceeded the demand up till the 10th inst., when tho wo.itbor changed, and tbo rates of car ring o to tho gold fields advanced considerably, ami slightly checked business, wiihout affoctin. price ; the cloiing quotations being as follow:-Town and country made, £17 10s. to £18 ; Tasmanian, £17 10* ; Adelaide sorts, £17 15s. to £1810s. ; Hart's arid Mu psrey's superfino, £10 6s. to£10 10s.portonot2,000ll> ; Ifsxall, Gallego, and Moncuro and Co.'a braiu'i of. American fetching 12s. per barrol of 10611'. Wheat.-The imports since the 1st instant consist of about 35,000 bushels from South Australis, and 25,0Í 0 t nshels from Tasmania, which aro somewhat exton s'.ve, botddes some from our own seaboard, and stocks r.ow hold boro are to a greater oxtent than latoli. Iho Californian wheat held hore has now changed bands, the lost tales resulting at 7s. to 7s. 3d. p r bushel, dosing prlcos being 7s. to 7s. Od. f r Victorian and Tasmanian, whllo South Australl.ui fetches 7s. 0d. to 8s. per bushel of 001b. OaU IrbportB aro confined almost, entirely to Ta - manion, and aro not heavy. Somo Californian aro said to be now afloat for this market. Prie o havo advanced; but It Is nat much to sa/ In their favour that prices of Irlth and Scotoh do n-1 exceed their reportod vsluo in London, as advised by last mall, and that other imported sorts cannot be laid down hero at ,nour tho prices now realizing. Tho largo quantity of inferior wheat now in this colony will likely interféra with tho consumption of this grain. Considerable Bales havo been mad o at the following quotations, and the market closes finn with the turn in favour of the seller :-Scotch, 2s. Od.-tu is. 9d. ,* Irish, 2s. Od. to 3s. ; Busslan, 2s. Od. ; Dutch and Danish, 3a. ; Calcutta, 8s. 8d. ; Californian, 8s. 3d. to 8s. Od. ; colonial, 8s. Od. to 4s. 2d, per bushel ol 4Mb. Bsrloy.-Thoro is a fair but not extensive de- mand for Capo, which finds buyers at fis. Cd. to 0-, while English malting ranges from Os. to 7s. p.r bushel of 601b. Maize.-The now crop of tlild grain is now being shipped from Now South Wales, and prlcos seem to give way, 6s. 8d. to CB. Gd. per bushel of 001b. being about closing price Gi am,-A few small parcols havo como forward, but tho prices offered not covering cost, freight, &c;, Im- porters declino selling. Prices ranged from £12 10>, to £13 per ton of 2,2t01b. Bran.-Supplies of im- ported havo been Insufficient to mcot tho dornnnd. Adelaldo sorts have run up to Is. 4d., while town made and other deeoript'ons are being quitted a' Is. 2d. to Is. 3d. per bushel of 201b. Oatmeal Is In rather better demand, tho cold weather increasing th< consumption. Imported sorts range from £18 to £20 colonial, £26 per ton of 2,2401b. Malthas apparent* seen its highest figure. Anticipated imports are on the increase, and our malting season being now u< bald, prices will possibly recodo. Closing quota tion for English,' 133. Od. to 13s. Od. per bushel u 401b." Fruits, Drlod.-No improvement In the demand All kinds dull of sale at miserable ratos. ßoft-shoi almonds in fair request. Stockt low. Quotations an consequently nominal, and aro glvon as follow : Almonds, Jordan, Is. 2d. to 1B. 4d. ; Boft-shell, 6Jil. currants (Pairas), 2}d. to 4d.; raisins-Muscatel (layers), 6Jd. todd. ; Cape, 6d. to6Jd.; Fronch plum (bottles), 8d. to lOd. ; figs, 4}d. to Od. ; Barcolon nuts, 4d. to Sd. ; dried apples (American), Sid. t< ijd. per lb. Glassware-Stocks are getting low. Woll-assorto isvolces would Hod ready sale at paying rates. Hardwaro and Ironmongery.-Shipments of thei goods appear at length to have received a check and there fs some prospect of bottor prices ruling. A present, the trndo are well supplied, and will no purchase. Hollowarc-No signs of improvement. Sealer appear all stocked. Lowness of prico is no temptatloi for them to purchase Groceries,-Teas (duty paid)-Congou, good oi dinary to fino, £0 10s. to £11 per chest; In ferior to ordlcnry, £0 to £8 10s. por chest ; hysoi skin, £6 10s. por chest; gunpowder, 8s. to 8 3d. ; imperial, 2s. 6d. to 8s. ; hyson, 2s. Od. to Si. orango pekoo, scented, 2s. Od. to 8s. per lb. Collo (in bond)-Coylon plantation, Is, ; nativo, lOJd. Manilla, Od. to 0Jd. per lb. Sugar-Cossiporo, No. 1 £4B.to55s.; Mauritius, crystallized white, 48s.to60». low to Ano yollow, 80s. to 42i>. ; low to fine browi 32s. to 88s. : rico, Patna, now, 18s. por cwt. Metals.-there is a rather better demand, and tendency to higher ratoB. atoota of corrugated iro are reducing, but tho trado complain greatly of th dull state of things. Plain galvanized iron bettc supplied and domand easier. Plate Iron saleablo » fair rates. Black wire is quito out of first hands ; til inquiry is good. A large parcel of sheet lead hr changed hands, and with decreasing Imports prico ! improving. Zinc is low In stock and saleable at in S roved rates. Tin plates in moderate stock, b\ omand dull, and prico still low. Quicksilver has ne advanced In answer to the speculative movemen owing to tho doubt as to the success 'of til rew process of extracting gold from the quart tailings.-Iron, Morowood's patent corrugated ga vanixed tlnnod, 24 and 20 gaunts, £80 per ton; Mon wood's corrugated galvanized, No. 2, or untlnno. £88 do.; Tuppor's do., £88 do.; Hamilton's < other English maker's, £80 do. ; Scotch, £28 do. Morowood's galvanized tinned plain, 26 and 28 gauge £48 do. : -upper's, or other English maker's, £40 do. Scotch,do., £86 do.; rod and bar, best StatTordshii brands, BBH, £11 do.; da, Scotch, £010s. do.; plat £14 do.; shoet assorted, £16 do.; anglo and 1 £10 do.; hoop, £12 .do.; pig, £4 10s. do.; Swodis] no sale. Lead-Pipo, assorted sizes, £28 to £29 do. sheet, milled, assorted, £28 do.; Bhot, assorte £88 do. Quicksilver, 2s. 8d. per lb. Steel-Bllstc £2 6s. nor owt. ; cast, £2 16s. do. Tin-Bloc Is. 6d, to Is. 0d. per lb. ; plates, charcoal, Ii plates, charcoal, IX, 20 per cent, advance. Wl -Fencing, block, £15 per ton; galvanized, Nos. to 6, £18 do. Zino-Rolled, light, £8410s. do. ; d nails. _2 fis. to £2 lOn. nar owt. Oilmen's Stores.-Pickles continue scarce and in d . mund. Thora Is alsoa botter Inquiry for Jams, Bardino-, &c.; Salad oil ia greatly inquired after, and apnoars Vi o baro In stock. Salmon in more plentiful supply. Bath-r better demand for macearon! and vermicelli, but a*. Uwratoj. Bulk vinegar is moro Inquired after, an I rather firmer in price : bottled scarco and wanted Starch and blue in good demand. Blue, thumb, 111 per lb. : currlo powder, quarts, 18s. to 14s. per dozoi ; , fruits, bottled, quarts, 11s. do. : Jams and Jellie , lib. tins, Ile. 8d. do. ; lobsters, lib. tins, Amoricar, 9s. do; macearon!, 7d. per lb.; vermicelli, whltt, Naples and Genoa, Gd. de. ; mustard, in bulk, No. 2, 8}d. to 8Jd. do. ; do., In lib. bottles, 12s. per dozen ; do., in iib. bottles, 7s. Od. do. ; oatmeal, £ 9 Ser ton ; ovutors, preserved, lib. tins, 14B. per dozui, o., 21b. tins, 17s. to £1 do. ; pickles, quarts, 10s. to 11-, ed. do. ; do., pints, 9s. to 9s. 8d. do. ; preserved meat«, 21b. tins, wanted ; salad oil, pints, 15s. per dozen , ¿io., half-pints, 10B. Od. do. ; salmon, preserved, lib. tin - 12». do. ; sardines, halves, 10s. Co. do. ; do., quarter , 6s. Ed. do. ; sauces, assorted, half-pints, 8s. do. i du , Worcestershire (Lea and Porrtn'si, 12s. to 12s. (11. do.; starch (dolman's), 6d. per lb.; vinegar, bro.v ,L (Champion's24), le. Od. per gallon ; do., concentrate I, Suarta, 9s. to 10s. per dozen ; white wine, Is. Od. t i. 9d. per gallon. 011B, Paints, &c-Unseed; oil inquired for, anl holders firm foran advance. Colza oil rather neara,, and in demand. Turpentine in better demand." Whin le«d, oi fine quality» scarco and saleable. Bedim i íleo, more inquired after. Other paints very unüii - able, PalnU continue very dull, and ; ricos alin'i-i nominal. Linsocd oil, raw. Si OJ. ; boiled, 4<. ; c >\t > fs. £d. ; Chinese, It. Od. (In tins) ; turpentine, 4i .1. rfr gallon ; whlto lead, bcjt,""40s. ; red lead, 32s. per cat. -." <.<-'" tit _. ~ | \- - --- sini _.-. .. .-.,-., _*-._ -, _»,_., v»u,»"w, lOJd , to -lija. ; Westphalia, 7JA. to 8d. per lb. Cheese- . Double Gloucester, Is. ljd. to Is. 2Jd. ; Wilshire, lu. lid, to Is. 2d." ; Cheshire, Is. lid. to Is, 2d. ; Gouda, 7¿d. to 8d.per lb. Pork-Irish mess, £510s. per barrel ; beef, £6 per tierce. Ponder.-Shipments on the way are ajaln heavy end prices likely to suffer a declino. For good blast irg sorts 8d. per lb. is asked. galt-Stocks have all boen bought up by ODO house ; and as tho quantities to arrive aro small, prloo is (Ira. at advanced rates, and likely to go yet higher. Liver > pool line is quoted at £7 ; coarse, at £710s. per ton. Spirits -Brandy appears hopoless ; for with at almost total cessation cf shipments and dally de .treating stocks, it seems almost quite Impossible U miso prices. The arrivals of geneva have been largo ? nd price is slightly tailor. In rum there is no im provement. Old tom Is more inquired after. Whiake; dull of sale, though at somewhat firmer rates Quotations aro ni follow !-(In bond)-Brandy, Mar toll's dark, 11s 3d per gallon ; Hennessy's do., 11s do,; palo, 12s. Od.; Ward's, 10s. Gd. do; Ü.V Proprietors' do., Os. Oil. do.; Champagne Vino yaid Proprietors' Company's do., palo, 11s. do. vtnegrowers', _0s Od. do. ; other brands do., 6s. to 8s t'o, ; palo, MartcU'e, 12B. Od. do. ; do., do., or Hen ncBsy's, 85s. per doyen caso ; do., O. V. Proprietors'. 20s. do. ; Vinegrou era', 24s, do. ; Champagne Vlnoyarc Proprietors' Company's, 28s. do.; Olouzeau's, 20s do. Geneva-JDKZ or koy brand, 153. Gd, po: 4-gallon case ; do, do,, Ss. Od. per half-caso do, other brands, 10B. to 18s. per case, Gin London old tom, best brands, 2s. Gd, per gal Ion ; do., do., 13s. 6d. por dozen. Bum-East India SOtoiOo.p., Is. Gd. to 2a. 3d. per gallon; West India 10 to 12 o.p., 8s. Gd. do. : do., 20 to 80 o.p., 8s. 9d. to ia. do. Whiskoy, Irish, Mehan's, 4s. 0d, do. Scotch, best, 4B. Gd. do. ; do., best brandB, 10s. pe: deren case. . Timber.-Tho old stocks of flooring are almost cleared off, and as tho quantities to arrive are but vorj mederate, wo may expect higher pricOB to rule. By lost advices, however, hoavy shipments wero bcini prepared for this markot. Baltic logs, 1B. Od, per foo cube. Oregon, £8 10s. to £9 10s. per 1,000 foot Cedar-Logs, 19s. Gd, to 21s. 6d. per 100 feet ; hoards lin. and upwards. 8|d. to 4d. per foot Bupor Lumber and shelving, £18 por 1,000 feet. Dual -Bed, 9x3, Old to 0}d. por foot; 11 x 8, 73d to 8d. do. Scotoh prepared flooring, 6 x 1|, l|d per foot ; 6 x _, lgd do. ; 6 x }, l.d. do. ; 6 x . lfd. do. Pitch or hard pine, lui., £18 per 1,001 feet ; liln , £1310s. do. Clear pine, lin, £1210s. t( £18 per 1,000 feet ; IJln. to Ztn,, £14 7s. Gd. to £16 lCs per 1,000 feet. Tobacco.-Cigars (In bond) - Havannah, real, per 1,000, £12; imitation do, do, £8 to £10 Manilla cheroots, No. 2, do , £2 4s. to £2 5s. ; Ko. 2, Havannah B1 ape, do., £2 7s. to £2 8s. Tobacco Barratt's anchor brand, per lb,, 2s, ; do,, crown do, 'do,, Is, 7d. to Is. 8d ; eaglo, do,, do., Is, Oil. ; honey dew, 291b, boxes half lb lumps, lOd. to lid. do. ; do., 8's, Gd. to Od ; Kerr's brand, Is. 7d. ; Bhoopwosh, 2d. to 4d. per lb. Wines -Ports continue in fair domand, at Improve; rates ; stocks aro getting low. In sherries there is ni improvement. Light wines quite unsaleable. I 