...' COLONIAL' MARKETS. . MELBOURNE AGRICULTURAL REPORT.-Wodnesday, Doo 20.-The markets are without change this week. Flour ha" been lo better demand during the last few business days, and prices consequently firmer; but tins may not continue, and certainly the prospects here are not suoh as to Justify the late advance at Adelaide, which could only have been caused by the requirements of the moment for this market exceeding the quantity actually on Bale at the time. The farmers there have been too busy getting In their harvest to keep the millers well supplied ; but wo see by the late papers that most of the milla were about to commence work for the season, so that the scar- city of flour for shipment will not be of long duration. As tho ingathering of the wheat was proceeded with, the estimate of tho yield continned high, and there will now, beyond a doubt, be a largo quantity for exportation this year. Wheat is in little. or no .demand here as yet nor will there beany amount of. business done until the new grain of colonial growth begins to como forward. At this season the price ot barley is always nominal, and it will continue so for the next three months, or until seed-time and the malting season come round again, when the demand tor colonial grown samples is likely lo be good, as but littlo malt oí superior quality will be shipped from England, the last crop of barley there being very unlit for the maltster, although what was grown in Scotland was better, the summer I there not having been, comparatively, so unfavourable. Oats | are dull of sale, and likely to continue so for a while. The hay I market has been rather unsettled by the holidays. On Monday good prices were obtained readily for every load of passable Suallty ; but (o-day several remained unsold. This arose mply from the disinclination to attend to business, all tlioso who want hay, and can by any possibility do without It for a day, deferring their purohnses until to-morrow. The Mills : A steady trade business was done on Monday, but several of the mills having been closed to-day, transactions have been light. Prices are, however, unchanged. First flour is quoted at £17 per ton, Haxall and Gallego (it 40s. per barrel ; bran, Is. 3d. per bushel; wheat Cs. Od. per bushel.-Argus, Dec. 28.-The Melbourne Herald of the same day reports : The markets have this week undergone little change. Tho imports of flour and grain for the week have been moderate in extent and the demand for breadstuff» good. We take the following from Mr. Lawrence's report :-" Flour : The supplies to band consist principally oi parcels of new flour from South Australia, which at once changed hands to supply town and country orders for immediate consumption, the superior quality of which creating quite a run for it. Stocks of old are ex- hausted ¡ a fair business has been dono in Chilian and United States barrel, while transactions in Californian continue limited. Quotations are about as follows. Adelaide sorts, £10 los. to £17 ; Magarey's and Hart's superior, £17 10s. to £18 ; there are no transactions in Tasmanian ; Chilian, £1510s. to £10 per ton ; United States, 32s. to 40s. per barrel. Wheat : Millers buy at Cs 3d. to Os. Cd. Oats are unchanged, and quotations un- altered. New oats are ottering this day ; prices aro about as follow : Scotch and Irish, 3s. to 3s. (id. ; Russian and Calcutta, 3s. 3d. to 3s. od. ; Dutch, 3s. 4d. ; Danish, 3s. 7d. ; Californian, 3s. 3d. to 3s. 8d. ; Colonial, 3i. Sd. to 3s lOd. per bushel. Barley: Some new barley Is offering, but so trifling as not to entitle it to any notice. English barley is inquired for. Maize Is in fair request ; sales have boen made at 3s. 7d. per bushel on the wharf; holders generally demand 3s. 8d. per bushel. , MELBOURNE HAY MAnKET.-Mr. Fenton reports that " the holidays have interfered with salea, and the supply has been large, consequently wo have not oleored all off. Pi lees range from £t to £9 ; straw, £4 10a." Messrs. Butler and Moss report that owing to the few buyers at market to-day sales were difficult to effect, and the greater portion offered was sent out unsold. The supply at market consisted chiefly of new hay of inferior quality, but whcresales were made about lost weck'sprtccswcrcprocured. -Argus, Dec. 27.-Hie Melbourne Herald remarks: The hay market has been generally well supplied, but a great deal of the new hay sent in is much damaged ; probably growers think Jt beat to dispose first of what Is must damaged. Tho price for new hay of first quality 19 £8, and for old hay £0 ; but there is very llttlo or tho latter coming in now, as it is nearly all dis- posed of. In our last report we mentioned that several fields of grain and some other crops havo recently been greatly injured by caterpillars, whilst others have been entirely destroyed. Oa visiting the Experimental Farm a few days ago, we found that a Held of wheat Is being cut for hay, in consequence of the presence of these creatures amongst It. We brought Into town a few of Hiern, and have learned from Professor MoCoy that they are the larvm of a variety or moth. For several years, as already mentioned, particular.localities have been visited by such destroyers. This year, however, they are In greater num- bera, and they have been already found in many new places. In reference to cutting wheat for hay it may bo well to mention that on many stations in the north-west district of this colony it has been the praclico for years to grow wheat expressly for hay, and that horses prefer it to oaten or any other kind. It It usually cut just as tho car belina to shoot out. - MELBOURNE STOCK MARKET.-Messrs. Power, Ruthcrforl, and Co. supply the following report :-In consequence of Its being Christinas woek, business has been very slack, and the attendance or buyers limited.-Fat Cattle : On Monday we dis- posed orso head, cows and bullocks, of Mr. Kelly's, averaging £0 7s. Dr. Lang's also were sold samo day at ordinary quota- tions. Some ol the small primo cows went at good figures. Best bullocks, £0 to £7159. ; second ditto, £4 to £9 ; best cows, £4 to £6 is. -, second ditto, £2 10s. to £3 lus.-Fat Sheep : We sold GOO of Mr. Fenton's at 12s. to 13s., and not many more of other lots. Best wethers are 12s. to 14s.: second ditto, 9s. to 10s. Lambs : Wo havo Bold Mr. Fenton s at Ila. 3d. to Ils. Dd. (leo;-, Mr. Cameron's at 8s. to Os. (300). The demand was not brisk, tho quality medium.-Messrs. .Dahnahoy Campbell and Co. report :-Fat Cattle : Owing to the Christmas holidays, the amount or business done has been limited, and entirely confined to Monday's sales. On that day a small lot of Kelly's were sold at an average or slightly over £8, cows and bullocks-, and Dr. Lang's at, lor bullocks £5 0a.8d., cows £4 17B. Cd. Business will be resumed on Thursday (to-morrow), but as last week's sales were heavy, we do not anticipate a very large attendance.-Fat Sheep : On Monday last oidy two good iota were offered, of which about 1G00 were disposed of. We sold £00 prime quality wethers at 14s. ; tho other lot of good quality, realised from 12a. Cd. to 13s. Thcro will be a few offered on Thursday. The prices quoted ore about equal to last week's,-Argus, Das. 27. LAUNCESTON MARKETS -Wo have little or no Improvement to notice in general business since our lost monthly issue. Stocks In town aro heavy, and retailers are only purchasing for immediuto consumption. Hitherto business has been conducted too muoh without regard to the actual requirements of our market, and the result has been, as might be expected, unfortu- nate for both the importer and retailer. We trust that with the year about to commence a better system will be inaugura- ted, and that Importers will Btudy their own Interests, by moro closely observing the actual consumption and real wants of this market. The late heavy rains, whilst rendering sheep-shearing backward, have had In some cases a prejudicial effect upon the growing crops. In-some districts the wheat has been muoh laid, and the hay greutly injured ; but as tho fine weather np pears npw to have set In, there is every reason to hope that reports from the grain-producing districts will bo more favour- able than was nt one time anticipated. Nearly one half or our wool clip has now reached town, and has been shipped. Tho Star of Tasmania has a Hill cargo of 2,400 bales on board, and proceeds to sea on Saturduy (this day) ; and tho clipper West- bury has 700 bales stowed, and is rapidly tilling up, nnd will leave about the first woek In January. The Far West and Dunorlan from London are both due, and may be hourly looked for. Tho arrivait during the month havo been the Antipodes, with Immigrants and cargo, and tho Renown, with general cargo, both from London. We cannot noto any Improvement In the grain market since our last summary ; on the contrary, firlces havo considerably dcollned, olileny consequent upon argo arrivals at Victoria and Sydney of breadstuff« and oats from California and Valparaiso, and the Intelligence that more vessels ladon with grain aro on their way : husluess Is thcrclorc very dull, and many of tho transactions effected aro at a serious loss to tho sellers. Flour, wlUch was quoted In our last sum- mary tlrm at £18 tor quantity, has declined to £19 and £17, al- though some of the ralliera aro asking £17 10s. Wheat has fallen trom 7s, »d. and 8s. to Gs. and Cn. ad., with but very little enquiry. Oats have gonn down to ¡Ja., and, many dealers who purchased at a much higher figure arc compelled to Boll at this quotation. Hay has receded to £4. Now potatoes, 8s. per 1121b. Butter nominal. Flour, by the bag, 80s.-L. Jiiamlner, HonÀnT TOWN MARKETS.-There was but ono transaction In grain to-day, that being the saio ol' a small parcel of wheat at 7s. lid. This price being the highest that has been obtained for Bomo timo past, cannot bo called tho ruling figuro, and wo therefore still quote wheat at 7s. There were no eales of oats or barley. In flour there waa the usual demand, tho price being £17. It will be Boen by our telegram published elsewhere that a .slight improvement had manifested Itself In flour at Mel- bourne, and should this change continuo we may expect a rise hera before long. Hay wau well supplied, but with a very limited demand at previous rates."-//. 'J'. Mercury, Dec. 21. ADELAIDE MARKETS.-Flour has until tho last day or two been very quiet since willoh It-has been muoh In demand tor ahlpplng;order8, very fow of which have been completed in con- sequence of tho excessively small stocks In hand. Prices remain nominally £14 los., willi none to be had.-Wheat has advanced in prteo ; largo parcels have been sold at ßs. Od., and aomo Bmall sales llave taken placent oven higher rates, and the tendency for the time being Is decidedly upward, This, however, IS pro- bably caused through the iarmors being so busy with their orops, and wo oau hardly expect that present prices will bo long maintained In theiaoe of arrivals in the other colonies and tue ëood crops here. Drayloads are bringing fis. ed, in town. lape barley and oats are both somowhat scarce just now, for tho eainoreason ; but wo oannot alter our quotations, 8s. to 3s." 3d.-English barloy is muoh In request, with little or noue offer- ing. A largo parcel changed hands a lew days ago at OB.-A, IMPORTATION OF , BitEADSTum, etc., INTO VioTontA. From Mr. Lawrence's Circular wo glvo tho following table, In whlob aro compared'the Import« of the month of November, isoo.'wltb the samo month of last year. It will be seen that with a few exoeptlons, there has. during Nov. 18U0, been a gi eat tnoreoso In tho quantity Imported of each artlole mentioned. Importe (or November, 1800, as compared willi November, 1869; 1800\. 1839. ! Jlrop.,., M.aoo bushels. 40,005 bushels. ' 'Barloy. 130 do. 6,212 '? do. Beans and Peas... - do. 2,399 do. ' Malzo.i. ,M,Ml do. 41,832 do. , Malt. 87,070 do. 8,000 do. I Oat.140,827 do. 130,181 do. Wheat.,-..r. 138,105' do. i- ai.wa- do. Flour.,.,.... 4,038 tous. 11,1100 tons. Qram...;..".'., , 270 do. 215. do. Oatmeal. 144 do. 40 do. Potatoes. 07 do. 284 do. ^It will be observed that'ln wheat and malt there has been a great Increase, With refereneo to the latter article, «werna desirable to offer aomo observations. It appears that ol late tim growth of barley In this colony lins be* i't<ni,,i uifhiiich tt want of BUOOesB that there la Milo IIMO iti.m ^bon l>\ our i farmers to cultivate It any longer lu di. uni. i <!n;j >i *'-.. 'colony* wo believe, barloy was a, nu >< omji u Hie i. UKI could put In, and how docs It hs¡ p. ? lum n . \ it i-i i ot i n I One great difficulty oxperlonoed inn . -m mu, tli«> atu'cU ol the aphis i but thero appears tobo hmuiti'iu^y.~mii," imidii. cither with the land upon which buri; UTH,, .« with the variety cultivated. 'Jjhls Is A I iiywt uliHn oui íioaiu vt 1 Agriculture should inquire Into. ' It .will probably be found that the non- success in the cultivation of this Cereal Is to b£ attributed to sowing at nn'lmproper time.-Melbourne Herald. TnE CHOPS, IN VICTORIA.-No placo bas. yet, wo believe, been decided on for the trial of reaping-maohfnes, but this must come off very shortly, lor some or tho Holds or wheal near town aro ripening rapidly under the bright euu or tho last few days; It is now becoming «'question whether tho yield of wheat will be quite so gdod iii all parts of the colony na was anticipated, the beads scarcely filling in some fields so as to give a hopo of the grain being heavy in proportion to the straw. The judges appointed to award the prizes offered for tho best fields of wheat by the Carisbrook Agricultural Soolety report or the crops lu that district generally that thoy are very superior, promising an average of 30 bushels to the acre. The field for which they gavo the first prize was about 12 acres In extent, the crop, which 'was grown from the first prize Ballarat wheat of last season, being as " perfect, denn, ireo from Bmut, and likely to yield over 40 bushels to the acre." Tho second prize was awarded to the owner of a field of 40 acres very little inferior In quality. There were li entries In all. In the Ballarat district, or rather, In tho several agricultural districts around Ballarat, the crops promise to bo heavy, although somewhat laid in places. On all the good land In the up-couutry districts the returns promise to be largo. It is only on the older farms, and the lighter soils without much strength, that tho late rapid growth of stra\y will not bo followed by the expected yield of grain; In tho up country districts the oats have been allowed to ripen ton muoh greater extent than was Intended, In consequence of tho heavy rains having set In before the cutting of hay lind generally conn menced.-Melbourne Argus, Dec. 27_Thcilfe/tourn« ¡leraldof the same day reports :-The weather is now more favorable for securing the hay crop,and the farmcis arc not losing the oppor- tunity granted them. For tho last few days the warm sunshine has been tempered with cool breezes from tho south ; and, whilst some aro observing the Christina« holidays, others are warmly engaged In the labors of the field, and It is wise not to lose the chance or securing the already much damaged hay orop, as It is not by any means improbable that we may yet have more rain. The molsturo now In the soil, when it be- comes evaporated by tho heat, must como down again In thunderstorms somewhere, and It altogether depends upon the prevailing atmospherical currents, whether it may fall here or elsewhere. It is satisfactory to leam from tho country districts. that the late heavy rains have not doue much damage to the general crops or wheat, oats, etc. In Rome placea where tho" growth ot the straw has been unusually strong, und tho crop consqquently heavy. It has been In some measure beaten down, 1 but not so much as to render It unfit to be cut with the colonial reaping machines. In tho more elevated districts of the colony the grassc9 havo been greatly renewed by the raing, and a fresh growth has taken place This will prevent for a short time the spread of bush fires ; yet, So great 1B tho quantity of gras» this year, that many entertain fears that extensive burnings will sooner or later take place. Every precaution should be taken, and now is the time to attend to this matter. 