SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The political history of the month, though full of interest and importance, may be briefly epito- mised. It began with the passing of the Appro- pration Bill, containing a provision limiting the supplies to the end of the month of August— a provision insisted on by the Legislative As- sembly, although His Excellency the Governor suggested by message its omission, and afterwards protested against its retention as an infringement of the Royal prerogative, and it closes with the country engaged in a general election, and a new Parliament summoned to meet on the 20th proximo. The first of the nominations take place on the 29th inst., and the last on the 5th of August. For almost every electoral district a keen contest is raging or threatened, and three questions came prominently up, namely -" Protection to native industry;" the occupation of the public lands on cultivation licences, at a small rent, and payment of members ; —these being the leading features of the Ministerial election programme. At the date of our last summary, a vote of want of confidence in the Heales Ministry had been carried in the Legislative Assembly, and the Chief Secretary had announced that an appeal to the country would be made, but a promise could not be extracted from him by the Opposition that Par- liament would be called together again at the early date that seemed desirable in the circumstances of the colony. On the day on which the Jedda sailed from Hobson's Bay with the June mail, the Treasurer had moved the Appropriation Bill into its first stage, without are mark or word of expla nation as to the condition of the public revenue, or the financial prospects of the year. This course was objected to by Mr. O'Shanassy, whose calcu- lations, based on the only sources of informa tion open to the public, showed reason to fear that a deficiency to a large amount might be ex pected at the close of the year. Mr. Verdon denied the accuracy of the statement, but re- futed to place his own anticipations before the House, and after an unsatisfactory discussion the debate was adjourned for a day. On its resump- tion, Mr Verdon made a statement to show that the deficiency would not exceed £79,000, even if no land was sold beyond the limit the Ministry had laid down for themselves at the beginning of the session, though that limit was inconsistent with the provision of the Land Bill, which con- templated a much more extensive sale. At a later stage of the discussion-Ministers still de- clining to pledge themselves to an early resumption of the business of Parliament in a new session— Mr. Nicholson moved the insertion of a new clause in the act, to make it penal for any public servant to pass warrants drawn upon the Treasury after the last of August next, " unless Parlia- ment should then be sitting. " This amendment was strongly opposed by Ministers, as being un constitutíonal, and as infringing the privileges of the Crown , but it was ably supported by Mr. O'Shanassy, Mr. Haines, Mr. Duffy, Mr. Wood, Mr. Michie, and other members, and adopted by twenty six to nineteen. At a subsequent sitting a message was brought down from His Excellency, recommending the omission of the clause in question from the bill; but the As- sembly adhered to their course, and passed the bill as it stood. This, practically, closed the business of the session. On the 3rd inst. His Excellency attended in the chamber of the Legislative Council, and gave the Royal assent to the few mea- sures that had passed through both Houses. These were -1. The Appropriation Bill, 2. The Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Bill, 3. The Melbourne and Essendon Railway Act Amend- ment Bill, 4. The St. Kilda and Brighton Rail- way Extension Bill, 5. The Officials in Parlia- ment Act Amendment Bill, 6. The Melbourne and Suburban Railway Act Amendment Bill, and, 7. The Pawnbrokers Bill. His Excellency then read the address (which will be found in another column), terminating the session and dis- solving the Assembly. The attendance on the occasion was unusually large, especially of the members of the Lower House, who filled the galleries assigned to them, and crowded behind the Speaker in an eager and excited group. The Royal assent to the Appropriation Bill was re- ceived with suppressed cheers from members of the Assembly, but various passages of the address were met with marks of dissent, and an audible "No" followed that part of the address which stated that the insertion of the re- strictive clause in the Appropriation Act invaded the prorogative of the Crown. Thus closed the Parliament elected in 1859 the first reformed Parliament of Victoria, A few days afterwards appeared the proclamation formally dissolving the Assembly, and naming the 26th proximo for the meeting of the new Parliament. Before Ministers could appeal to their constitu- ents for re-election a serious defection from their ranks had taken place. Mr. Ireland and his colleagues disagreed, and the Attorney General at once sent in his resignation. From the first, Mr. Ireland's concurrence in the views of his fellow Ministers had been open to doubt. In framing the Estimates he had declined to make reductions in his department corre- sponding with those made in the other branches or the service, and his previously expressed views on almost all subjects were not in harmony with those of Messrs. Heales and Brooke. On the question of pensions to Minis- ters, there was the widest possible difference-and on that question, finally, they parted company. Mr. Ireland's cumulative periods of office a few weeks ago reached the maximum duration-two years -to entitle him to a pension of £800 a year. Mr. Ireland naturally desired that the warrant for his pension should be passed-Mr. Heales, who objects to all pensions, took a different view of the matter, and refused to sign the document. The Ministry at the same time had agreed on a protectionist policy; and Mr. Ireland was a free- trader. Mr. Michie has suddenly made up his mind to retire altogether from Parliament, and has addressed his late constituents to that effect. Three of the Ministers have spoken at meet ings of their constituents-Mr. Heales, Mr. Brooke, and Mr. Verdon They propose to " en- courage native industry," by imposing wharf- age and other duties, but they enter into no details. They will pay members, by placing £300 per annum for each on the Estimates, and so placing the power to veto that course of policy beyond the power of the Legislative Coun- cil in any other manner than by re- jecting the Appropriation Act altogether. They will do away with the Denominational School Board, and (by a bill) insist on a national system of education which shall pro- vide for four hours' secular tuition per day in each state-assisted school. They will attempt the "reform" of the Legislative Council, by reducing the qualifications for members and voters respec- tively, shortening the duration of the term for which members of Council are elected, and place the power of dissolving that chamber in the hands of His Excellency at least they will pray the Imperial Parliament to alter the Constitution Act so as to produce these results on the Council. They speak of a variety of other measures, but the really important element in the election is the disposal of the Crown lands. A few weeks ago Mr. Brooke discovered that, under the 68th section of the Land Act, he could issue " occupa- tion and cultivation licences" on the goldfields, under which every applicant who proposed, bonâ fide, to reside on or cultivate the land could select twenty acres, on the gold fields, at a rent amounting in all to £14 10s, per annum for the lot, with a claim for improve- ments if he should afterwards be removed. Mr. Ireland gave a legal opinion confirming Mr. Brooke's interpretation of the clause, though that opinion is opposed by other still more eminent lawyers. These licences, however, have been applied for in great numbers, at Ballarat and Castlemaine particularily, and His Excellency, in his address to Parliament, stated that if the sys tem worked well it would be extended to the purely agricultural lands of the colony. The Ministry now propose to do so, and to give an applicant the right to select a farm of say 320 acrcs, at a nominal rent of 2s 0d. per acre per annum. The era of the old Eastern Market party, therefore, is no longer for land at £1 per acre, but for "free selection before survey," at 2s 6d. per acre. The owners of real property, and those who have a stake in the country, have become alarmed at this extreme interpretation of the provisions of the Land Act-a meaning never intended to be placed within its four corners by the Parliament that passed the mea- sure-more especially as commonages of nearly two million acres have already been proclaimed, and oppose the issue of these licences. The farmers have already begun to petition against them, having discovered their mischievous ten dency, and the question will not only figure largely in the election contests, but will be one of the first and gravest subjects to be discussed in the new Parliament. In another column will be found some in- formation respecting the exploring party. We regret to state that the intelligence is not of a satisfactory character. Mr. Burke reached Cooper's Creek in December last, after a very rapid-and successful journey from the River Darling, with his advance party, having been fortunate in weather and finding water. On the creek he established a depot party, under Mr. Brahe, and with three companions at once pushed into the unknown interior for Carpentaria, by way of Eyre's Creek. He carried three months' provisions, which might be made to last for seven, and he has not since been heard of. The second division of the party, under Mr. Wright, who followed Mr. Burke from the Dar- ling with stores, were never able to reach Cooper's Creek. The water dried up before them, the natives at one point of the journey became hos- tile, sickness broke out, and three of the party died, the men who retained their health being too few in numbers to carry forward or backward their suffering companions. This was the state to which Mr. Wright's camp were reduced at a water-hole, some eight days' journey east-south- east from Cooper's Creek ; and there they were found when Mr. Brahe retreated from Cooper's Creek, his party suffering from scurvy, and one of them so reduced that he died soon after joining Wright's party. The latter, strengthened by the accession of Mr. Brahe, were able to move back to Menindie, to be there broken up. Energetic measures have been taken to assist the missing party, or ascertain their fate. A strong auxiliary party, under the leadership of Mr. Howitt, has started to follow up Mr. Burke s tracks ; a second proceeds from Queensland over- land to Albert River ; the Victoria steamer, and a small prívate party on board a steamer of fourteen tons burden, the Hotham, under Captain Wyse, proceed to the Gulf of Carpentaria, to search the shore of the gulf north-westward from Albert River ; and another party are to be carried to the gulf to continue the March from the Albert River southwards, and, if necessary, westwards towards Stuart's farthest, and north- westwards towards the Victoria River of Gregory. On the 8th instant an important section of the Murray River Railway was opened for public traffic, namely, that between Diggers' Rest and Woodend. As a mere matter of miles, the ex- tension is important, opening up as it does a con- tinuous length of line of some forty-eight and a half miles of railway from Melbourne towards the important northern gold-fields of the colony, and bringing the grand facilities for traffic a railway affords almost to the point at which the gold-workings commence. But the event is still more important, because in the section now open the great problem, how to cross the Dividing Range, is solved. Before Woodend is reached the summit level of the line is attained-1,000 feet above the level of the sea-its worst gradients are experienced, and the key to the whole railway communication to the in- terior is practically placed in the posses- sion of Melbourne. With this extension also, it is anticipated, will begin the returns which hopeful Treasurers in past years have speculated upon in assenting to the large de- mands upon the public purse which the formation of the line has necessarily entailed. So long as the trains were limited to the Diggers' Rest, it was left for passengers to supply the great bulk of the traffic. A saving of twelve miles of a tedious coach journey, over uninteresting plains, was a matter of consequence to them, compen- sating amply for the scrambles for places and the frequent disappointments which travellers bound Castlemaine and Bendigo wards expe- rienced at the Diggers' Rest. But the shortness of the stage entirely restricted the heavy goods traffic, and the waggons by which the enormous trade of the interior has been conductcd have been loaded in Melbourne or returned empty as before, passing along the road almost in sight of the line all the way to Sunbury, and making no use of its advantages in the transport of goods. That state of things will now be changed. Fifty miles of quick, easy, and cheap carriage will draw an enormous traffic in machinery, heavy goods, stores, &c.;, to the line, and will concen- trate at Woodend, for the time being, the road carriage to all the northern gold-fields. For that traffic ample preparations have been made by the railway authorities. Good progress is now being made with the pre- parations for tho Exhibition of 1862, some de- tails of which will be found in another column. Anticipations are now indulged that Victoria will hold her own in the great "World's Fair," and make a display which shall be creditable in every way to the leading colony of the Austral- asian group. Some of the census returns have been pub- lished by the Registrar-General. They show that the population of the colony has increased from 410,766 in 1857, to 540,322 persons ; and that the quantity of land sold up to the end of December last was 3,993,843 acres. " There is room enough for all " who chose to come out. The winter, which is now giving way before the first heralds of the spring, has been characterised by storms of wind and rain to an unprecedented extent. For weeks together the wind has blown strongly from the north, accompanied by tempests of rain. The rivers and creeks have been flooded to an unusual extent, the roads have been rendered almost impassable in the outlying districts, bridges and fords have been swept away, and in one instance a new Government reservoir (that at Daylesford) gave way. The mining companies, however, have had ample supplies of water, and benefit both to the miner and the farmer will be the result, ultimately, of these continuous and unusual rains. A comet was visible for some weeks lately in our heavens. It was first observed on the 24th of May, by Mr. Scott, the astronomer to the New South Wales Government; but its discovery eleven days before, namely, on the 13th May, is claimed by Mr. John Tebbutt, jun., of Windsor, New South Wales. This gentleman is an amateur astronomer. The comet was first perceived in Victoria on the morning of the 4th June, by Professor Neumayer, and it was seen on every available opportunity from that time until the 28th June, when it dis- appeared. It was situated, when first observed, in the southern heavens, east of the star Upsilon Eridani, its approximate position being right ascension, 3h. 58in., declination, 30deg. 14m, Its movement from the 4th to the 14th of June was very slight; from the 14th to the 19th it moved about 5 deg. ; but there was no rapid progress until about the 21st ; and from the 24th to the 28th its passage towards the sun was greatly accelerated. The appearance of the comet was most remarkable. It was not so bright, but was of greater magnitude than that of Donati. The nucleus was at first imperfectly defined, but gradually assumed a fan shape. On the 4th the tail measured 4 deg., and it gradually lengthened until the 18th, when it measured 42 deg.-making a tremendous arc. On the 20th a double tail ap- peared, but was visible only that morning. From that time the tail widened, and on the occasion of the last observation (the 28th ult.) the appearance presented by nucleus and tail to the naked eye was that of a red ball of fire, with wings. The time for observing the comet was usually from two a.m. to four a.m. Mr. Ellery states that there is a possibility, though remote, of the comet being visible in the north-west, and that there is no doubt of its being observed in Europe after the perihelion passage. Some valuable reefs of antimony of a very pure kind have recently been discovered near M'lvor. The antimony also contains a large amount of gold. The Acclimatisation Society continues to re- ceive contributions from various quarters of the world. The last contributions were from Ceylon. By the Lincolnshire (which sailed on Monday last), some of our native fish and fresh- water lobsters were forwarded to England. From New Zealand the news continues to be of an unsatisfactory character. The natives have addressed the Governor in terms which leave no doubt of their intention to contest the supremacy of the Queen, and to set up a native King. There is every reason to apprehend that the war will assume large dimensions, and reinforcements have been sent for to the Cape, India, and China. Serious disturbances have broken out in New South Wales, at Lambing Flat Diggings, where the Chinese have been again expelled and most brutally treated by an armed and lawless mob, some thousands in number. The police were attacked in their barracks, and fired at. In return they fired on the mob, of whom several were killedf and upwards of a hundred wounded, especially in a charge made by the mounted troopers. The aspect of affairs has become so threatening that a detachment of military, police, and volunteers have been sent up from Sydney. Amongst the latter are a party of seamen from H.M.S. Cordelia, who have taken with them a light gun. The police were forced to retire from the scene of the conflict to Yass, and their bar- racks were bnrned on the same night by the mob. Tho mails were delivered by the Benares one day after time, the detention having been caused by the very heavy head gales experienced be- tween King George's Sound and Melbourne. The out-going mail is carried by the Northam, which sails to-morrow afternoon. DISSOLUTION OF PARLIAMENT. The following speech was read by His Excel ency to both Houses prior to the prorogation of Parliament and the dissolution of the Legislative Assembly :— " Mr. President and Honourable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, " Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legis- lative Assembly, " The recent action taken by a majority of the Legislative Assembly having rendered an appeal to the country desirable, as the only constitu- tional course available for a solution of the diffi- culties created by the many changes of Govern- ment that have taken place since the present Parliament was elected. I feel justified in releas- ing you from your legislative duties. "The altered circumstances of the country having necessitated a more economical expendi- ture of the revenue, Estimates showing a large reduction in the cost of the public service were submitted for the consideration of the Legisla- tive Assembly, and, after protracted discussions, they were, in the main, agreed to. I trust that the effects of these alterations will be, not merely to diminish the cost of conducting the Govern- ment during the present year, but to render possible still further economy in the various de- partments without in any way impairing their efficiency. "With the object of developing the great mineral, agricultural, and pastoral resources of the colony, it was deemed advisable that some assistance should be afforded by the state to persons desirous of making this country their home, but whose means were inadequate to meet the expense of their passage from the mother country. It was also desirable, for many reasons that the disparity in the relative properties of the sexes should be decreased. I rejoiced to find that the system of assisted immigration pro posed by my advisers received your sanction, and that under its operation the re-union of families will be promoted, while all the advantages accruiug from the accession of population will be obtained in the highest degree. There is every reason for believing, had the finances of the country permitted a larger appropriation for this object, that the working classes would have taken advantage of it, with satisfaction to themselves and benefit to the country. " I regret to learn that the Land Sales Act of last session, from which so much was hoped, has failed in its practical operation ta realise the object, as expressed in its preamble, of affording greater facilities than had hitherto existed to persons desirous of engaging in agricultural pur- suits. My advisers have, however, endeavoured so to administer its provisions as to secure to the industrial classes as many advantages as are com- patible with the powers conferred by the act. The proclamation of extensive areas of the waste lands of the Crown as commons for farmers, miners, and others, has greatly assisted those important classes of the community, and must largely conduce to the general prosperity of the colony. " The migratory character of a large portion of the inhabitants has rendered it advisable to encourage cultivation and settlement.with a view to ultimate purchase, by the issue of occupation and cultivation licences. For the present this arrangement is specially intended to obviate ob- stacles peculiarly experienced in the neighbour- hood of the gold-fields; but if the new regulations are found to work beneficially, there is no reason why they should not have a more extended operation ; and it is hoped that, pending such an alteration of the law as will render the land more accessible than it is now to the 'bona fide' culti- vator, these annual licences will be the means eventually of securing homesteads for the people, and that, in thus attaching them to the soil, they will tend to promote the peace, happiness, and contentment of this portion of Her Majesty's do- minions. " I regret to say, that the course of events has prevented the enactment of many measures of the first importance. I had hoped, with some degree of confidence that such objects of prac- tical legislation as the transfer of land, the ex- tension of local government, the better admi- nistration of justice on the gold-fields, mining on private property, the management of the gold-fields, the establishment of local insolvency courts, and others to promote the welfare of the country, might, after benefiting by your deli- berations, have received the assent of the Crown. These, however, together with some other mea- sures submitted by my advisers, are now post- poned for a brief period, and will merit the early attention of the Parliament about to be elected. " Gentleman of the Legislative Assembly, " I thank you, on behalf of Her Majesty, for your liberality in voting the supplies for the current year. The amount will, I trust, prove adequate to the exigencies of the public service. The condition attached to the vote for roads and bridges, by which power is taken, for the first time, to transfer any of the items to duly con- stituted local authorities, will, I trust, be ac- cepted as an earnest of the policy of decentraliza tion which my present advisers deem of primary importance to secure the economical and efficient; government of the country districts. " I am bound, however, as the Queen's repre- sentative, to protest against the limitation you have imposed on the issue of the supplies after the close of next month, ' unless Parliament be then sitting.' " Conditions of this sort are totally at variance with the usage of the mother country, since the true principles of constitutional government were settled at the Revolution, nearly two cen- turies ago; and, looking to the assurances you have received on the point in question, both from myself and my advisers, no political necessity can be pleaded for the introduction here of so obso- lete yet dangerous an expedient. " Mindful of the shock to the financial credit of the country, of the injury to its public establish- ments, and of the wide- spread distress among the labouring classes, which the rejection of the Appropriation Act would entail, I have refrained from adopting an alternative which the strict line of duty would have justified. " But I confidently trust that the good sense of this community will not suffer such an attempt to coerce the Executive to be drawn info a pre- cedent, for, disastrous as its failure might have been, as already pointed out, its success would ultimately prove not more fatal to the preroga- tive of the Crown than to the liberties of the people. " Honourable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly, " I now release you from your duty in Parlia- ment. Steps have already been initiated with a view to prepare for a dissolution of the Assembly, which will take place when the necessary arrange- ments have been completed. In accordance with my already expressed intention, it is the wish of my advisers that the new Parliament should be summoned to address itself to the busi- ness of the country at as early a period as maybe found practicable, so that the consideration of measures of great urgency and utility left over from this Parliament may not be delayed, to the detriment of the interests of all classes of the community. " I now, in Her Majesty's name, declare this Parliament to be prorogued to Wednesday, the 17th day of July instant ; and it is hereby pro- rogued accordingly." MURRAY RIVER RAILWAY. OPENING OF THE LINE TO WOODEND. The opening of the Murray River Railway as far as Woodend has been looked forward to for some time with great interest, and is at last ac- complished. On the morning of the 8th inst., the first of the regular traffic down trains left Woodend for Melbourne at an early hour, and the first of the up traîna at seven a.m., from Melbourne. These trains were followed by three from each end of the line in the course of the day, and thus the business of railway communication with the great interior of the colony may at last be sold to have com- menced. It is true that for some time past the first section of the line-to Diggers' Rest-bas been open to the public, but for reasons which are apparent, the traffic has been limited to passengors, and the receipts have been an unimportant item in the public accounts. Now, however, the locomotive will compete with the American waggon and the bullock-team for the immense goods traffic of the gold-fields and the pastoral country north of the Dividing Range, and the receipts will become an object of some speculation and importance in the financial calculations of colonial Treasurers. The last formal inspection of the line prelimi- nary to the business of Monday took place on the 6th inst., when a special train, conveying the Ministry and a large party of officials and guests invited by Messrs. Cornish and Bruce to share the festivities of the day, left the Spencer street Station, at half- post ten o'clock in the fore- noon. It consisted of an engine, four first- class carriages, and a break-van. A glance at the works may not be uninterest- ing. Between Melbourne and Diggers' Rest, with the exception of the bridge over the Salt- water River, the works were easy, and they were turned out of hand by Messrs. Cornish and Bruce in January, 1859, within about seven months after the contract was entered into. Beyond Diggers' Rest the real difficulties of the undertaking began. Between that point and Woodend the line embraced some very heavy works. The first of these is Harper's Creek Via- duct, a work of three semicircular arches, each thirty feet in height, and formed of bluestone. Next comes Sunbury Creek Viaduct, similar in character to that of Harper's Creek, but consisting of five arches, of above fifty feet in height. At a short distance from Sunbury Creek is Jackson's Creek Viaduct, by far the heaviest work of the kind on the Woodend exten- sion. This splendid piece of work is of so im- posing a character that it must arrest the atten- tion of the visitor whose opportunities permit him to examine the works or the line in detail. The great object in the original laying out of the work was to approach the dividing range by as easy and gradual an ascent as possible, for the summit level is not less than 1,900 feet high, a point which it attains at the foot of Mount Mace- don, or within forty-five miles from Melbourne. But as Sunbury Station is considerably less than 700 feet above the level of low water in Hobson's Bay, it follows that in the twenty miles beyond that point the line must rise, 200 feet, and that, of course, by gradients over which the carriage of a heavy traffic will be possible. This line was long difficult to find, and when found was somewhat circuitous, with gradiants of one in fifty and one in sixty, and few level bits of road, and these very short. From Sunbury, therefore, the line turns to the right from the main road, following the rising ground, and crossing Jackson's Creek at a high level, leaving the pretty valley of this main tributary of the Saltwater River on the left, and at once dashing into the rocky bank on the north-eastern side, through a very heavy cutting, towards the higher grounds comprised in Mr. Clarke's well-known Bolinda special survey. The viaduct over the creek is in three spans, that in the centre being eighty-four feet, and the side spans seventy feet each. The permanent way is carried over wrought-iron plate girders, brought from England, the piers being built of bluestone ashlar work, with abutments of the same kind and quality of work. The roadway is eighty feet above the level of the creek, and, as seen from the path below, the effect is grand, massive, and imposing. The whole of the stone for this bridge and for the structures already alluded to, was hauled by rail from Footscray, a distance of fully twenty miles, the district itself affording no stone of which the Government engineers could approve for use in works of so important a character. In laying out this bridge, great precautions were taken to provide against sudden floods, by the substantial character of the foundations and the protection given to the abutments. That the pre- cautions were necessary, was amply proved on a recent occasion, when heavy rains on the Divid- ing Range sent down the stream in so large and sudden a flood, that the water rose to a height of nearly thirty feet, and flooded the entire valley, alarming the sleeping inhabitants, and forcing them to escape to the higher grounds, leaving their property a prey to the waters. Fortunately the works offered no impediment to the passage of this great body of water, and no damage to the viaduct resulted. The valley, in the early days of the gold-fields, was a favourite camping-place of " new chums" marching up, and " old chums" going down to dissipate their easily-gathered gold. Here, before the formation of the metalled road, draymen and teamsters drew up, and tea and damper circulated around the blazing log. Those wayfarers might speculate on the vast change, from the time when the solitary stockrider made his camp for the night, but a few years before, under the same sheltering tree, but into the minds of few could the thought have entered, that before ten years had elapsed from the first discovery of gold in the soil of Victoria, that valley would be spanned by a work so gigantio in itself, and yet so small a link in the great line of railway which will stretch, we hope, before long from the sea to the Murray. The bridge is connected with the northern bank of the creek by an embankment sixty feet high, which swallowed up an enormous mass of bal- last. Crossing this elevated portion of the line, we see that a reservoir has been formed in the valley below by damming up the creek, and that in this manner a store of water has been provided from which the station at Sunbury is supplied. The water is pumped up by a stationary engine, into pipes laid along the line, to an iron tank, con structed to hold 20,000 gallons. The height the water is pumped is about one hundred feet, and once forced into the pipes, it will flow by gravita- tion to the tank for the use of the locomotives, &c.; Passing from the valley of Jackson's Creek and a charming spot it is, with its beautifully wooded slopes and fertile hollows, studded over with the huts of the railway men-the line enters the heavy rock cutting which supplied the ballast used in the embankment. This cutting averages forty foot in depth, through a hard honey-combed basalt, lying in hori- zontal layers, and which, at the entrance on the right, rises over a curious mass of whitish clay, extending below the level of the line, and in which a small quantity of gold was found by the labourers who made the cutting. The gradient at this point of the line is one in fifty. The excavation is a mile in length, and as it is formed on the curve running to the left, drivers passing up or down can see but a short distance before them. 210,000 cubic yards of material were taken from this cutting, and when the nature of the material is considered, the work must be pronounced one of a very severe cha- racter, even amongst railway works. Emerging from this cutting, the line enters on Bolinda sec- tion. Here the country is of basalt formation, of the usual character, supplying good pasture, and thinly timbered, but possessing no feature of peculiar interest. To the right, in the distance, rise the high grounds of the Dividing Range, clothed with timber, and at this season usually hid in mist and rain that give to the scene quite a West Highland character. Tho railway on this section passes through a series of shallow cuttings, through bluestone, on which a large amount of labour must have been expended in removing a com- paratively limited quantity of material. As we enter on No. 4, or the Gisborne section, the line crosses Riddell's Creek bridge, of one arch of sixty feet span, and fifty feet in height, built entirely of bluestone ashlar of fine quality, obtained from quarries in the neighbourhood. A little further on, in the same embankment, the road from the west to Kilmore passes under another blue stone bridge, which carries the railway across. Here another heavy though shallow cutting begins. It is a mile in length, through the finest honeycombed basalt, on a gradient (which continues for two miles) of 1 in 56. Passing Lancefield Station, we now "rapidly approach a bolder country, and see in the dis- tance the Black Forest-that terror of tra- vellers in the old days of bushranging, and still the favoured retreat of old colonists with thievish propensities, as draymen tell. Mount Macedon rears its mass of mountain and wood on the right. Below lies the newly-proclaimed and rising township of Riddell's Creek. The stream is the same as that which farther down forms Jackson's Creek; and here it is a pretty clear and noisy streamlet, which brawls over its shallows like an English brook. A neat church, in the English style, though built of less durable materials than are customary in such erections in England, rises from among a scattered collection of canvas huts, a few weatherboard houses of a more permanent character, and a perfect wilderness of ballast heaps, marked with the broad arrow, or with the less agreeable mark of official condemnation upon them. On the left of the line is Messrs. Riddell and Hamil- ton's station. Riddell's Creek has been the great depot for the ballast required for the line. Its quarries supplied the material to any extent, and the whole slope of the hill is covered with the tents of the men engaged in this work, and in breaking up the stone to the requisite dimensions, The line now enters the last series of bluestone cuttings, the basalt formation here terminating, and the line escaping from it in a long and heavy though not deep cutting, spanned about midway by an elliptic arch bridge, constructed solely of bluestone. From the end of this cutting to Wood- end is a distance of ten miles, and no bluestone is found fit for ballast near the line in that space. ' We now reach Gisborne station, two miles distant from the township of that name. Here a neat station-house has been erected, and, close by, a comfortable inn. A new road, now being formed, connects the station with the township. Following the natural level of the ground for about a mile, the railway proceeds through as interesting country towards Two mile Creek, where it approaches the main Mount Alexander road, which, two or three miles further on, crosses the summit level of the Dividing Range at a point more distant from Mount Macedon, and 300 feet higher than the highest level of the railway. Two-milr Creek is crossed by a bridge, the walls of which are of brickwork, with blue- stone quoins, the materials for which were hauled from Carlsruhe Quarries. The bridge itself is of wrought-iron boiler-plate, and spans an elaborate system of brick culverts, necessary to carry the drainage from the hills across the line. Here the railway enters the Black Forest, and passes by heavy gradients through a continuous series of shale cuttings, from which the embankments have been formed. Bridges are passed in succession, similar to those, at Two-mile Creek, the iron girders of which were supplied from Messrs. Cornish and Bruce's Victoria Foundry, at Castlemaine. Numerous culverts-the larger ones of bluestone ashlar, and the smaller of brickwork in cement-have been found necessary, from the broken nature of the ground in the forest, as the line winds round the side of Mount Macedon, until, at Middle Gully, we come upon an embankment sixty feet high, of which advantage has been taken to form a reser- voir capable of holding 30,000,000 gallons of water. A byewash has been formed, to allow the wator in floods to pass off at a high level, and a stationary engine is erected to pump up a supply for the use of the station at Gisborne, where the tank is fed through pipes laid along the line for a distance of two miles and a half. A similar reservoir, capable of holding 4,000,000 gallons, has been formed at Woodend, in one of the gullies of the Dividing Range, and therefore an ample supply of water for the locomotives has been secured throughout the driest seasons. from Middle Gully, a steep incline-one in fifty-for two miles and a half brings us to the summit level of the line, which is crossed at a point from which the waters part to the north and south, the main branch of the Cam- paspe taking its rise here and flowing to the north, and the source of the Saltwater River being only a few yards distant to the south. The ridge is crossed immediately at the foot of Mount Macedon, the crown of which towers to a height of 1,398 feet above the railway, though but a mile and a half distant, while the spot, though so close to the highest point of the Dividing Range, is the lowest level to be found between Mount Macedon and Mount Black wood, a distance of some twenty miles. At this point of the line we are two miles distant from Woodend, and forty-seven from Melbourne, and, as already remarked, 1,900 feet above the level of low tide in Hobson's Bay. Casting an imaginary eye over the long stretch of country to the north, it is curious to find that the line descends at Sandhurst to a level of 700 feet above the sea, and of only; 270 feet at Echuca, on the Murray, large plains extending between Sandhurst and Echuca, on which, in some instances, the natural level of the ground is followed for miles together with scarcely an appreciable difference in the levels. Nearing Woodend we suddenly come upon a most inte- resting scene, as we round a sudden curve. Heavy shots are sounding, and large masses of stone are flying in the air, as if some volunteer artillery- men were practising with great guns, while crowds of labourers are hurrying to and fro, and horse-teams and locomotives are plunging about in the greatest state of activity. We soon discover the cause of this life and bustle in the midst of a forest. These are the quarries of a shaley stone, from which the ballast for dressing up the line is mainly obtained. The contractors have erected three steam-engines, which drive eleven of Appleton's patent stone breaking machines-machines of the simplest construotion, but certainly of great stone-devour- ing capacity. The rock thrown down by blasting or by hand labour is sent in trucks in front of the machines. It is pitched into what is called the jaw, and a groovod movable tongue, set to work at a certain distance from the fixed side of the machine, crushes the material to any required size, and drops it into the trucks below, which are then drawn out and replaced by empty ones. A man can turn out about a cube yard of metal in a day-each of these eleven ma- chines turns out some forty-three yards, at about half the cost of hand-broken stone. But we are now at Woodend station, which, for some considerable time, will be the ter- minus of the line. Turn-tables have been erected, and a tank for the supply of the engines; while an enormous goods-shed, formed of cor- rugated iron, will afford accommodation for a traffic of 500 tons of goods per day, though the immediate expectations of those concerned are limited to some 120 tons per day. Coaches for Castlemaine and Bendigo draw up in the station yard; and as the up-country passenger traffic is served by special through trains, travellers derive great benefit from the arrangements now made for their accommodation. In summing up this sketch, we may state that the total quantity of earthwork that has been excavated on the sections now opened is 1,250,000 cubic yards, and of masonry and brick- work there are 45,000 cubic yards. There have been employed on and for these works 5,000 men, of different classes, 150 horses, and three locomo- tive engines. £125,000 worth of plant has been used in bringing the works to their present state; 7,000 tons of permanent way materials, imported from England, have been carried up the line from Williamstown by the contractors, for laying the permanent way; 150,000 yards of ballast have been broken and supplied; and 100,000 sleepers have been carried and laid. These figures will afford some idea of the extent of the enterprise which has so far been brought to a successful issue. The finishing of the permanent way be- tween Sunbury and Woodend has been entrusted on a sub-contractor Mr. W. Randle, who is giving him active personal superintendence to the work. For some time past the general management has been in the hands of Mr. R. Adams. The opening of the line was preceded by a last official inspection on the 6th inst., when a special train conveyed a select party over the line, invited by the contractors, Messrs. Cornish and Bruce, amongst whom were all the Ministers, with the exception of the Treasurer and the At- torney-General; Sir Francis Murphy, Mr. Wil- liams (of the Geelong and Ballarat line), Mr. Stewart (of the Oriental Bank), Mr. Nicholson [of the Bank of Victoria), the Engineer- in-Chief. &c.; At Woodend a handsome 'dejeuner' was laid out in the new goods- shed, at which Mr. Bruce presided, with the Ministers and Sir F. Murphy on his right and left. Mr. Heales responded to the toast of the Ministry. In reply to the toast of his health, the Engineer-in-Chief (Mr. Higin- botham) complimented his predecessor (Mr. Darbyshire), and gave it as his opinion " that human heads and human hands could not make a better line of railway than they had passed over that day." Sir Francis Murphy proposed, " The contractors, coupled with the health of Mr. Bruce," and humorously referred to their joint labours in road-making in the earlier days of the colony-days in which he and others had augured the best for Mr. Bruce, auguries which time had accomplished. In reply, Mr. Bruce remarked-" That large contract was more, perhaps, than a single individual should have taken upon himself, but in taking it, he had not expected to be left alone in it, nor had he anticipated the early death of his partner. But being in it, he felt game to the last, and if it took every hair off his head he should like to finish it." On Monday night, 8th, a ball took place in the goods-shed, which was handsomely decorated for the occasion. In the course of the evening a mag- nificent golden inkstand- perhaps the finest work of the goldsmith's art over seen in the colony was presented to Mrs. Bruce, as a mark of the respect in which Mr. Bruce is held in the districts through which the line passes. The inkstand is valued at £700, and will be sent home for show in the Victorian compartment of the Great Exhibition. The subscriptions for the testimonial amounted to £1,400, and the balance of the fund is to be ex- pended on a steel engraving, to be executed in England, of Mr. Bruce. lu replying on behalf of Mrs. Bruce to the remarks of the chairman, of the committee, Mr. Robertson, of Woolling, Mr. Bruce expressed his regret that the tes- timonial had taken a shape personal to him. Had his own wishes been consulted, he should have preferred to see the money set apart as the nucleus of a fund for the benefit of the work- men who had been injured on the line in the course of its construction. He had not been consulted, however, and therefore he was in the hands of the committee. Thus terminated the demonstrations on the occasion of the opening of an important portion of the Murray River Railway. In another year it will, it is expected, be opened throughout to Sandhurst. THE EXPLORATION EXPEDITION. We regret to state that the major part of the exploring party, led from Melbourne in Ootobor last by Mr. Burke, have returned to the settled districts of the colony, having lost four of their number by death, and leaving Mr. Burke, with three companions, somewhere in the unexplored interior, or, as is hoped, on the northern coast, where he can be relieved by sea. Shortly before the receipt of this intelligence Mr. A. Howitt had set out for the interior, following Mr. Burke's track, at the head of an auxiliary relieving party, as described in our last monthly summary, and the first information of the return of the large number of Mr. Burke's party to Menindie was communicated by Mr. Howitt by telegraph from a station between Bendigo and Swan Hill. Since then the most energetic measures have been taken by the Exploration Committee of the Royal Society, in communication with the Executive, and with the Government of Queensland, and three searching parties will immediately proceed to search the country from the Gulf of Carpen- taria southwards, as well as the shores of that gulf, and the track leading from it towards Queensland. Between Sandhurst and Swan Hill, Mr. Howitt met Mr. Brahe, one of Mr. Burke's party, -returning from Cooper's Creek. Mr. Brahe in- formed him that three of the party under Mr. Wright had died on the road from Menindie northwards- namely, Dr. L. Becker, the artist of the party, whose sketches were so much admired, and Messrs. Purcell and Stone. A fourth, named Patton, who had accom panied Mr. Burke to Cooper's Creek, and formed one of the depot party there, had also died after joining Mr. Wright's party, on the retreat of the depot party towards Menindie. In all these cases, the diseases were scurvy and dysentery. To make the narrative intelligible, it is necessary to state that when Mr. Burke started from Menindie it was with a party of eight, and that the larger body, under Mr. Wright, the second in command (an experienced bush- man), were to follow on his track to Cooper's Creek with the great bulk of the stores, there to form a depot on which the advanced party could fall back. Cooper's Creek is about 480 miles northward from Menindie ; and this distance, as Mr. Brahe reported, Mr. Burke travelled in twenty days. He was favoured by the state of the waterholes as far as Camp 53, near Mount Bullo, where he found permanent water, in a fine district of country, within twenty miles of the 28th parallel of latitude. Once on Cooper's Creek, a depot was established, which Mr. Burke placed in the charge of Mr, Brahe and three men. Attempts were made to find a direct route from the creek towards Carpentaria, between 141deg. and 142deg. of longitude, but Mr. Wills, who penetrated ninety miles northwards, was unable to find water, and, losing his camels, was obliged to return on foot to the camp. Mr. Burke then, with Mr. Wills, and two men (King and Gray), and six camels and one horse, on the 16th December last, proceeded westward down the creek, intend- ing to make for Eyre's Creek (a few miles south from Sturt's farthest), and from that point to start direct for the Gulf of Carpentaria. There had teen heavy thunderstorms, and be hoped to find the waterholes replenished by the rains. In a despatch dated the 13th December, he stated his intentions. He carried with him full supplies for three months, within which period he intended to tailback on the depot ; and Mr. Brahe states that the leader's last instructions were-" Tell Mr. "Wright that I shall run no risk." He intended, in short, to proceed cautiously, and with no inten- tion of making a rush for the gulf, in the hope of being succoured from seaward, or falling back upon Queensland. He directed Mr. Brahe to re- main at the depot for three months, and then, if unrelieved, to return to Melbourne. Mr. Burke not having returned in four months and a-half, and Mr. Wright not having come up with the remainder of the stores, and scurvy having broken out in his small party, Mr, Brahe buried some provisions close by a tree in the depot, and cut the word "dig" in large letters on the wood, and set out on his return, Taking a track to the south-east, he reached Bullo, and there found Mr. Wright's party, in a helpless state, so pros- trated by sickness that it was unable to move in any direction. Assisted by three survivors of the depot party, Mr. Wright was enabled to make his way back with the remainder of the party to Menindie, where it remains for the present. Mr. Wright himself having passed on to Adelaide per steamer, and thence to Melbourne. The state of matters, therefore, is, that Mr. Burke and his three companions have now been out for nearly eight months, having had full rations for only three months when they started. Dr. Mueller calculates that, with such chances of food as the country might supply, the last of the stock of provisions may only now be running out. The party may have returned to Cooper's Creek, and they may find the small stock of provisions deposited there ; but it is so small that it could only serve them during the period they might, in ordinary favourable circumstances, take to perform the journey to Menindie. If they should reach Cooper's Creek, however, in a state of exhaustion, they would not have rations enough left to sustain them during the period of rest necessary to recruit their strength, and would only have the wild fowl and fish of the creek to trust to. It is possible, also, that the natives might find the buried provisions, though it is reassuring to know that Mr. Wright went on to Cooper's Creek when joined by Mr. Brahe, and satisfied himself that, though the natives had visited the stockade, they had not disturbed the concealed stores. But there are these great sources of fear, that the illness that prostrated Mr, Wright's party, and visited and found one victim in Mr. Brahe's small party, may have broken out in Mr. Burke's ; and that the disease which attacked the camels at Cooper's Creek and Bullo, and under which several of them died, may have attacked Mr. Burke's camels, and so have left him helpless in the in- terior. That is the view Mr. Brahe takes of Mr. Burke's situation. On this report the Exploration Committee at once acted. Mr. Hewitt's party was increased at once to twelve men (including a surgeon and two natives as trackers). He has since completed his arrangements, and started from Swan Hill, favoured by an extremely wet season. He will carry ample stores direct to Cooper's Creek. There, if he does not find Mr. Burke, he will establish a depot, which he will leave in charge of six men, and with the remainder he will follow up Mr. Burke's traces " as far as safety will permit," always bearing in mind that the primary object of his mission is to carry relief to the missing party. Mr. Brahe accompanies Mr. Howitt, as one of the party-. We know that every effort will be made to reach Cooper's Creek without delay, and we trust that the needed help may yet be supplied in time to be of service to those for whom it is meant, Mr. Wright's party had the advantage of pre served vegetables amongst their stores, and the poor men who have died, with the exception of Patton, had the assistance of the medical skill of Dr. Beckler, though, unfortunately, that skill was unavailing against the strength of the diseases which preyed upon them. So far as the information of which we are in possession goes, there is not the slightest reason to suppose that Mr. Burke's management of his expedition has not been judicious, or that his arrangements were otherwise than good. The accidents of the sea son, however, and the incidents of the journey, while highly favourable to the leader himself up to his departure from Cooper's Creek, have been more unfavourable to the party which was left to follow him, and have defeated plans that seem to have in reality been wisely laid. We may note that it is now apparent that Trooper Lyons, and Macpherson, the saddler of the party, who attempted to carry to Mr. Burke the despatches of the society on Mr. Stuart's success becoming known, had not reached Cooper's Creek. They mistook the water at Wright's Creek, or Bullo, for the more distant sheet of water, and had they been able to hold out for three or four days longer before they turned back, they would have reached the depot party. The impression left by their narratives (un- favourable as it was to Mr. Burke) is now re moved-namely, that the leader had dashed on- wards from Cooper's Creek, trusting to the ac- cidents of a favourable season. Professor Neumayer brought under the notice of the sociciy the necessity of examining the northern coast, and offered, in the most spirited and self sacrificing manner, to head a party for the purpose. Meetings took place day after day, at which various suggestions were made, and the results, though they may be summed up in very few words, promise to accomplish all that can be done for the relief of the missing party of ex plorers, and at the same time to add considerably to our knowledge of the interior and the northern lands of Australia. Mr. Howitt, as we have already said, has started from Swan Hill for Menin- die, with a strong party, to follow Mr Burke's tracks to Coopers Creek, and thence to Lake Eyre, from which he will search out and follow up Mr Burke's traces, if the trail be still visible If it has been obliterated, then he will follow the most likely country towards Carpentaria, as far as the safety of his own party will permit, should he, unhappily, not fall in with the missing party at an early period. This search will probably lead Mr. Howitt through the unknown country five degrees or more to the east of Stuart's track. While this search is proceeding, Mr. Walker, a most experienced desert traveller, and a party of blackfellows, who have followed him in bush travels for many years past, will proceed from, Rockhampton overland to the mouth of the Albert River, in about 140deg E. long -a journey, in a straight line, of over 900 miles. If a direct course is followed, it will carry the party across the unknown country south of Gregory's line, and of the known country a stretch of country in which it is possible that Burke may be found, though the proba- bilities do not seem greatly to favour the expec- tation. The colonial armed steamer Victoria, under the command of Captain Norman, pro- ceeds round to the Gulf of Carpentaria, where the rendezvous will be the mouth of the Albert River, and with her boats she will search the coast along the Gulf in a north west direction. And, lastly, a party are to proceed, under the joint management of the Governments of Victoria and Queensland, from Moreton Bay, by sea to the same point in the Gulf, whose business it will be to extend the search from the mouth of the Albert in a direct line south for a certain distance, to examine for tracks the country through which Burke's party must have passed, if they ever reached Car- pentaria, and then to extend their search to wards Stuart's farthest north, and perhaps on towards Mount Wilson, Gregory's farthest south. Undoubtedly these various parties, whether they succeed in the first and main object of their search (as all must hope), or whether they fail in recovering Burke or ascertaining his fate, will add much to our scanty stock of information respecting the interior and northern portions of this continent- will complete in effect the ex- ploration of that half of Australia lying to the east of Stuart's central track. In addition to those parties, Mr. Orkney, a spirited resident and shipowner of Melbourne, has despatched a small screw steamer, named the Hotham, of fourteen tons burden, to the Gulf of Carpentaria, to prosecute a search there for Mr. Burke. The Hotham is commanded by Captain Wyse, whose name is now well known for his daring in bringing out small yachts to this colony, and in commanding Lord Dufferin's yacht on his lordship's late voyage to the northern seas. The Hotham was towed for 200 miles by the Australian S. N. Company's steamship Rangatira, and would have been towed all the way to Sydney, but a very heavy gale having set in from the south-east, it was necessary to cut the little steamer away in Bass's Straits. She afterwards encountered the gale in all its fury, but reached Sydney, where she was repaired. She has now sailed from that port, and probably will be of considerable use in the Gulf of Carpentaria in aiding the search for the missing party. Within the last few days, two camels have made their appearance in the north of South Australia Steps have been taken to ascertain whether they were those lost by Mr Wills ninety miles north of Cooper's Creek, or whether they were of the numbers taken forward by Mr. Burke. If the former, there is still good hope that the missing party will be found, or will make their own way in safety back to the depot at Cooper's Creek AFFAIRS IN NEW ZEALAND. Our Sydney correspondent telegraphs as fol- lows:-"I havo boen informed by a gentleman, usually well conversant with military matters, that General Cameron has oxpressod his deter- mination not to take the field till ho has 10,003 soldiers, and that orders for reinforcements have been sent to tho Capo of Good Hope, China, and India, It was statod in Capo papers, som) months ago, that certain troops stationed there had received orders to hold themselves in readi- ness for service in New Zealand. It is said to b« the general's intention, when tho required troopi arrive, to march direct into the enemy's country, and strike a blow which will bo felt. Meantime. the soldiers aro actively employed in clearing and forming roads, to facilitate futuro operations. There is reason to suspect, however, that tho Maories may interfere with these advances, and 1 ,'precipitato hostilities ; and if so, tho gonoral will ^ probably still confine his efforts to carrying out vigorously, under tho protection of the present force, the work of clearing the way for futura advance of troops." From Auckland (19th Juno) we leam that thî great Maori runanga commenced on tho 6th, and was attended by 2,C00 peoplo. It lasted four I days. On the first day the Kiu? of the natives visited the tomb of the late Maori King, Potatau ; ho also paid his rospects at the palace of tile pro sont King, Matutaero. On tho third day the Governor's declaration was produced, and certain passages road. The remaining portion was. with the concurrence of the meeting, left unread. Oa tho sido of tbo oxtrcme Kmgites, niauy fiercely declared that they had stopped their ears to tbat letter, whikt on tho other sido several ex- pressed their contempt for the p.vkoha. A soli-' 'I iary individual who proposed that the dooumont I should bo considered was speedily put down. On the fourth day, after much speaking, it WAS j determined to offer passive resistance to I Government. ' In answer to His Excollonoy'a ultimatum, tbey refuse to pull down tha , King's flag, stating as tho reason for so doing that it was not hoisted in opposition to ths Queen, and that it means nothing aggressive on their part. Tho question of compensation wai treated in a most cavalier manner. They ara willing to make compensation, provided we firat make good the injury inflicted upon Wm. Kiaj lay tho destruction of certain pigs and cattle sup- I posed to have been sacrificed by soldiers duria? the late campaign at Waitara. Thoy will sloop under thoir flag until arousodby a blast from tin Governor ; then they will sound a blast through the other tribes. Thoy say the peoplo of Englan I are ono, and the peoplo of Now Zealand another ; therefore let them be separato ; there is roon enough for King and Queen, therefore let them have both. Other countries havo assorted thoir independence, why should not thoy do so like- wise ? As for tho treaty of Waitangi, they say it is no business of theirs. Tbey repudiate all claim; on account of that agreement. In a letter t« the Governor from tho Maori runanga, rofer enco is mado to General Cameron's reply t) Bishop Selwyn. Thoy said, " Wo hear a report going about Waikato, and it comes from where you aro, that the general insists upon war with Waikato; if this report is correct write to us, Let the talk come first, and do you carefully woigh tho matter. Let this bo the result of re- flection. Then withdraw the troops, who wo hoar are clearing roads." Peaco is now considered by all parties to be hopeless. THE CENSUS OF VIOTORIA. Tho Registrar-General publishes in the Gazette c1 the 23rd iust. several tables, showing the distri. bution of the population of Victoria as brought out by tho late census. From these returns, wo Und that the total population of the colony has increased from 410,700 in 1857, to 640,322, The males aro 328,051 and tho females 211,071/ as »gainst 204,334 and 146,432 in 1857. The abso- luto increase since the last-mentioned year has been 04,317 males and 65,239 fomalea, so that little bas been done during tho lost four years te remove the disparity previously remarked in the numbers of the sexes. In 1857, the number of persons in tho colony to the square mile of land I was 4'G, and now it is 6*1, The aroa of the i colony is 86.831 squaro miles, and up to the 31st December last the number of acres of lan! i sold was 3,993,843. During the past soaso a, 419,593 aorcs were under cultivation, of whioh 161,239 wore under wheat. In one county Grant-in which, after Bourke, tho largost amount of land has been sold, thero is a decrease in the number of malo inhabitants of 2,039 during the last four years, though thoro is an increase of 1,926 in tho total population of that district. The great agricultural counties, as shown by the number of acres under cultiva- tion, are-Bourke, Grant, Talbot, Dalhousio, Villiers, Ripon, and Grenvillo ; while tho Lod- don ana the Murray districts also stand high. In the areas of the electoral provinces thero is a vory wide diversity, the Central Province oom ? rising only 49 square miles and the Southern 'rovinco 4,311, while the North-westorn oxtoads over 35,680, and the Eastern Province ovor 31,420 squaro miles. Tho Central Frovinoo, however, nos n population of 117,823 porsons, and the Eastern only 43,415. The most popu- lous is the North-western, which has 178,700, inhabitants. In these provinces thoro aro in all 10,081 electors, or 49 in every 1,000 porsons, Hero again thoro is a wide diversity, there boing 87 electors to every 1,000 inhabitants in the Cen- tral Province, and only 29 in the North-western and 27 in the Eastern provinces. The electoral districts aro equally cuiioualy arranged, that of East Melbourne extending ovor O'G of a square mile, and the Murray district over 10,928 milos ; Emerald Hill over 3'1 and North Gipps Land over 11,707 ; Kilmore over 21 and the Wimmera over 16,805 ; Portland ovor 8 G and Crowland. over 8,(123 square miles. East Melbourne con- tains 373 acres, St. Kilda 3,582, and tho Wim- mera 10,755,200 acres. East Mel bourne con tai m 3,240 electors, Emerald Hill 1,979, South Gippi Land 781, and Warrnambool CGI ; while Colling- wood has 6,371 (with three representatives), Cres- wick 10,583 (with two), Avoca 8,093 (with two), and Crowlands 15.99G (with two members). The population of Melbourno is given at 30,872 por sons, that of East Collingwood at 12,Gol, Rich- mond 11,358, Geelong 1G,GG0, Castlemaine 0,081, and Maldon 6,414. Between Sandhurst and Bil larat thero has long been rivalry as to the rospoo tive numbers of their population. The question will now bo settled-Sandhurst has 12,995 inha- bitants, Ballarat East has 12,839, and Ballarat West 9,272, or togother 22,111. In Sandhurst, the Registrar-General notes there has boon a de- crease of 1,0G5 in the number of tho malo inhabi- tants since 1857. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. The Immigration Department has published during tho month the returns of tho arrivals and departures at all ports of the colony for tha months of March, April, May and Juno. We aro now enabled to compare the immigration and emigration of the colony for the first half of the year with the first half of its predecessor. In the earlier poriod, 14,407 porsons arrived and 11,070 doparted, leaving a ualanco in favour of tha colony of 3,337. In tho later period, 11,502 persons arrived and 11,257 departed, leaving a tnlanco in favour of the colony of only 245. In the following table the arrivals and departures aro given monthly for both periods : 1800. 1801. - - > «a ¿S Q g a, 1,028 1,821 2.646 1,640 2,002 1,405 11,070 1 2,710 1,283 2,285 1,350 1,044 1,025 11,502 11,267 246 it «a a, I'obruary. March . Apiil. JURO.. .. 8,128 2.5S8 2,040 2,820 2,280 i.fiie 14,400 11,070 8,837 1,810 1,700 2,453 1,00« 2,033 i,iar Deduct departed Not immigration 11,257 The following table gives a clear insight intj the migratory movements of the population, month by month, during the second quartoroE the year : April. stay. Juno. \-- .3 ii .a P ?8-5 Se «s> ti 3 sa 'S giS New South Wales South Australia ., Now Zealand .. 274 291 827 40 601 180 381 117 300 210 448 47 400 180 200 20 305 144 805 24 80S it i 225 133 Total neighbouring co United Kingdom .. Foroign ports ..' 832 377 41 1030 878 45 1000 701 67 011 021 234 838 1054 88 839 282 88 1350 1962'l044 2000 1025 1107 It will be seen from these figures that, during the month of April, the population of the colony was diminished by 012-thohalanco of departan» over arrivals. During May, the balance was 122 against the colony. In Juno, tho arrivals ex- ceeded the departures by 758. THE GOLD-FIELDS. Although the quantity of gold sont down by escort from the different fields is still below the average of the weekly returns for the autumn and winter of 18G0, yet tho total amount shipped up to the present timo is nearly equal to what was exported during the first seven months of that year. This apparent falling-off- according to ono, but not the best, criterion-is to bo ac- counted for by the fact that largo parcels are frequently sont down by coach, and much gold is cow received from Gipps Land and tho diggings to the eastward of Melbourno without any esta- blished escort. The difference between the oxports for similar portions of the two years is, as we say, not great, but oven if it were greater j'usfc now there would bo no cause for wonder, as the miners have been much hindered of late la their work by the wet and sovore weather which h&3 prevailed for somo time. Floods havo boen fre- quent and heavy, and in some of the rougher parts of the country, where tha reefs are scat- tered, and some of them at a distance from the crushing mills, cartago is altogether out of the question, so that the supply of gold from this source has almost ceased for the nresont. It is true that such districts aro of secondary importance as yot, but on all, exoept tha largest worked reefs, with machinery be- longing to Borne of the claimholders on eaoh, tho heavy state of the country, and consequent in- crease in the expense of cartage, has mani- festly had an injurious effect, and it may bo said with truth that the railla generally have not been fully occupied of late, and that the quantity of, gold realised from the reefs is therefore moe- leis than it was before the heaviest rains set in. Then, the now regulations with regard to the renting of small sections of land for agricultural and other purposes have for the time being diverted the attention of many of the miners on somo of the older gold-fields from thoir more legitimate pur cuit Instead of rushing to securo claims on new leads of gold, the fashion foi lho lost few weeks has been to rush tho wardens offices with claims to certain allotments of land, and thoso havo bean lodged m snob numbers that dvys olapso beforo all can bo attended to Thus various oauso3 hato combined within tho 1 ist few weeks to ro duco the actual j îeld of gold, although tho falling off ia lesa lb n might havo boon antioipatol under the c icunistancos Ono vory needful clement, water, is now to bo had in great abun danoo, and when tho weather improves again a little, wo maj expect to see woik resumed with activity and vory general success There havo been no discovonos of wide spioad impórtanos during the month, or rather this is not tha season foi doing much to test tho valuo of the now Holds, which pi omiso to bo of much extent Wo have heard nothing lately of the diggings on tho high land at tho hoad oí tho Goulburn anl its tnbutaues, and but little of lho now country taken up a few weeks smco, among the Plenty Ranges, somo thirty milos to tho north east of Melbourne At this time of year pooplo cannot push thou way in numbers through p densely limbered country Still, population has boon steadily increasing of lato on tho diggings among tho Gippj Land langes, and these too aie mostly t eiy difficult of access lu the bouter known parts of tho country thoro havo boon tho usuil numbei of rushes of tens aud hundreds of people, sind m a few cises of thousands oven, but these weio mos !y to nowly found leads and latches m tho vicinity of old workings, nona of vvluoh pronuso to support moro than a limited population foi any lenpjth of time. New îeefsh ve boon opened, too, m due pioportion, one of tho loot discovones of tho kind announoed being m tho Bendigo district, whero a nch lodo of stone Ins been struck in a lino with tho Eagle la,»ef, BI\ tons from which producodlGl z 18dwfc 12gis of gold This stono was lafcd tiom vory near tho stufneo Several now roofs havo also I) 01 op nod in the Pyrenees distuct, but httio itono h is boen crushed from any of these as yofc, as onl} ouo of tho sot mai nulla now being crootod is in woil mg older i\ o havo not had many accounts latolj of largo jiclds fioin the older distncts, the best, t ugh on n small seals, having boon obtained Ii c u i ton of btono out of tho Nimrod Roof, in the Ga tlomame distract This »cof was worked loi g with little profit, until m ono claim a depth or loO feo* w13 leached, when tho yield giadually inciense I to foul ounces to the Ion, beforo tho ono ton of voiy nch stono was laiseu which pio duccd tho hugo yield of 107oz of gold A few small parcols of nek stono have also boon nisei norn tho lowest depths lor-ched on Nuggetty la-eef, Campbells Cieok, one of whioh, consisting of three lons, pioduced 77ioz, and another of four tons, 139oz 7dwl, bj tai tho groator pirt of this lattei quantity of gold naving been o'tun d norn ouo ton of the foui And the leof as yo« opened to a greater depth than any othoi m the colony, the "Mariners* Roof, in t ho iftvytioiüugh District, IB still yielding mo3t fiatibiactonly ihe last crushing announoad fiom ti 6 was of lifty seven tous of stono, raisol iiom a depth of 450 feet, lho pioduco of whioh waa lldoz of gold Some very nch stono has dso boon Btrucfc at a depth of 3aO feet, on the Johnson lkcf, in tho Bendigo tlisinct, so that deep sinking on the i oofs is not 1 ibour thro vn away, ns so many would bo soioutiflo teaohors of the minors piophesied that it w auld be Not vory luuoh iiasbeon done of lato on tholiu,lowoodroofs, a id the ciushiugs of nnpoitaiico have been fow Tho best jields repoi ted troni the Columbian Roof Y,ero 4SJii.: fron a lot of 100 tons of stono out of one ela in, rnd D33oz from let tons of stono out of another Twenty five toiw of stone out of a c1 mt on tothor-lho Al i\well Reef-also pro diced löloz of gold Tho neighbouring dig t, ugs at Kiugosvor have jiolded their usual pro j ortion of uuj gets, threo weighing in all ovor _00o¿ having been found thoro within a spaooof i few daj s Indeed, iHiL,c,cts of a medium sizo htvo been nthor plentiful of 1 it e, ono weighing nxfcy ounces having been found about tho samo f une at KoronD in a pocket containing smaller nus; ucu,, and fi ioj,üld to the amount of düOoz ,and two cihers, vvoi0huij* forty three ounces and seventeen ounces, by partios of men working eloso by. Only last week two nuggets, vveghing twenty oight nd thirty one ounces, wei o sold rt Maryborough, nd ono of tweuty foin ouncos was picked up in lovel tv, G illy Oastlomamo dirtnot Afewdayä bcfoio a nugget of a pound weight was found m v different p trt of the samo distuat, and one said to weigh about six; pounds waa found iu tha L ndi"o district, so that the o two of tho oldej I old fields hav o not yieldod up all their alluvial leisures yet noi are tho dcop leads at Bil Î i it txh lusted, as tho w eekly dividends 11 the most successful of the companies oa tlic&u; mo often ¿50, £00, and ¿70 to each man, ait the payment of all oxpoases Ono « 1 ho most fortunato of these of late, tho Great Extended Company, had up to tho loth of Juna lastsold gold to the v nluo of ¿EoO, 113 los lid . of r hich sum 110,720 waa paid m dividonds The capital subsoubod v ns £u 280, and lho total ox penses to the dato montioned weie £10,544. The claim held 1 y this company is stdl yielding as 1 îgely ns over, and olhci companies ot tho samo lind havo been cqualij foi tímate Indeed, as a rule, the same may be said of all tho companio3 of working men on the different gold fields, v hilo the contiaiy is the caso with all thoso got i j foi tho especial benefit of business men and e j ltahsts in ton n AGRICULTURE. I True to ita general character, this month ha3 1 cen BO far one of tho wettest of the twolvo. Lost year it was unusually dry, as was indeed tho preater part of the winter, and the consoquonc. was that tho rain carno in Bummer instead, causing much injury to tho crops and sorioua lo3j to the farmers. This season has beon vory fa .v ourablo hithorto, and a great breadth of land is rlrcady undor grain, whioh is looking strong aud well, so that tho rains now, although too heavy in places, have dono littlo harm, except where the floods havo washed limited patches of tho Boil away, and, of course, everything growing thereon. Tho oxtent of land sown with wheat is groat, and as the weather is sonsonablo now most likely the sum- mer will bo lino and dry, aa of old, and so allow of the harvest being gathered in good ordor. Tho ploughing waldies mo drawing to a 0I030. champion matches affording a final trial of skill to the winners of tho several local prizes. A «latch of this kind came off a few days siuoa in tho_ Ballarat elistrict¡ for tho prizemen of five different societiea in that part of tha country. Tiiis oxeited muoh interest and waï woll supported, so many of tho tradeameu offering plough«, barrows, harness, aud othor thinga as oxtra prizes, that emito a long list had to bocontondod tor. Theiowos a dynamometer on the {¡round to test the draughts of the ploughs, BO that ii will bo ucen our farmers in tho intorior of the colony aro not far behind their brethren ia other parts of the world, although so few yoara in exiatoneo at all 113 a class. The Molbourno Cham- pion Match has not yet beon held, but is to come off in a few days ; and then wo will havo tho spring KIIOWB to look forward to, preparations for whioh aro already commencod on a larger scale than over. Tho first of Master Butterfly's stock yet offered hero publioly waa put up to auction last week on tho btation of his late owner, but the nttondanco of buyers waa not good, and only a few of tho youug bulls wero sold, at prices vary- ing from £30 to £GÖ euch. The rearing of high hied cattle promises to bo but an unprofitable pursuit hero for somo timo to como, as there is now little or 110 chanco of pleuro-pneumouia bein¿ eradicated, and it is hard to Bay to what oxtant its ravages will go through the large herds of tho colony, or indeed through tbo small herds of dairy cattle and working bullocks, to which th. disenso ia at present confined, so tai- us wa know nt least. The contagion ia spreading slowly «t present, but surely, and within tho last few wooka fresh cases have appeared in tcvcral now distriot9. Many profeaa to b3 Jiovo that tho disease will d10 out of its own accord, and disappear after a year or two, aa others havo beforo it, but of this result wo fear there is littlo hope. In tho mean timo doubt and uncertainty on tho part of stookownew will prevent their boooming purchasers of well bred cattle at high prices, and the sales offootod by breeders or importers will bo fow. Sinco tho date of our last summary nn abstraot of the agricultural statistics for the past year has been published, and from this it appears that our progress in this direction has boou most latisfaclory. In the first placo tho area of land undor cultivation has increased from 358,727 to 419,252 acres, and the number of holders of por- tions of Ibis upwards of ono acre in cxtont from 1 13,175 to 13,784. The total quantity of land ia their occupation is now 3,499,417 acres, showing on ineroaso for the yoar, to thoir holdings, of 483,809 acres. Under wheat there weio, last j ear, 101,232 aeres, compared with 107,092 acres the year before, and the total produce wxi 3,450,072 bushels-an inoreoso of moro than half em this crop in tho ono year. The yield was at the rate of 21í¡ bushels to tho acre, and bad not vciy much of "tho wheat been spoiled for millers' UFO at harvest time, wo should havo had nearly ctough flour from wheat of our own raising to Eupply the present population with broad for iho year. The increase in the breadth of land under whoat this year has boen proportionally i.s great, and, with a favourable sea.on for har- vest, wo shall havo enough and to sparo of our own growing against next year, so that exporters .J wheat and flour from othor countries must look for a market oltawhere. Of oats, wo had on increased quantity last year, but off a less citent of land by 3,907 acres,.than was sown nilli this grain tbo year before-the number of , aerea reaped at last harvest having been 80,239 ncres, and the produce' 2,026,056 bushels. "Under barley, there wore only 4,118 aoro., Ï x-xduchifi 83,410 bushels j and of mako,' we had 1,655 aerea, with an increase in the one year of the quantity grown from 7,374 to 24,992 bushels. The number of acres under §roin of all sorts was 254,036, much more than alf the total quantity in cultivation, a large por- tion of the remainder being devoted to hay and potatoes, whioh lost crop increased in the one year from 48,967 to 77,327 tons, entirely owing to the wetness of the summor, for 2.793 acres less were plontod with this root than m tho year before. The cultivation of other root crops, suchas man gold-wurtzel and turnips, has very much extendod, as also has the area of land under green forage crops and bore fallow. Symptoms of bettor farming are to bo seen, too, in the greater extent of land laid down with Englishgrassos. Thonumber of acres so returned having mcreased in the one year from 5,864 to 11,698. In the horticulturol branch there has been a fair inoreaso-the mar- ket and kitchen gardens only covering 5,210 aores in 18G0, and 5,721 acres in 1SG1 ; while the orchards have increased from 976 to 1,564 acres. The vineyards havo increased from 811 to 1,132 acres, and the total number of vines from 1,896,939 to 2,838,558-a satisfactory iuoroase for one year, but nothing to what it will be for tho futuro, now that facilities aro so groat for procuring cuttings of valuablo kinds, and the capabilities of the colony for wine-making are becoming bettor understood. Tho quantity of wine returned as having been mado last year was less by 2,323 gallons than in 1859 ; but twico as much fruit was sold, and nearly twice as much brandy made. Last season was a bad one for the vine, still 8,C69owt. of gropes wero sold, and 11,642 gallons of wine were mado by the holders of vineyards, besides many Bmall quan- tities mado by private persona and not returnod, for experimenta in this way, on a Bmall scale, wero very general at tho time of last vintage. Altogether, our agricultural progress for the one year has been great, and that in every branch; nor is there the least reason to fear but that the next returns will prove us to have made quite as great strides towards the further supply of our own markets with all the prime necessaries, and not a few of the luxuries of life. AMUSEMENTS. At the Thoatro Royal, for the last month, Mr. Lyster's operatic troupe has been playing to ex- cellent houses, and the patronage of the publie bos been so liberal as to encourage the manager to make arrangements for another series of per- formances on tho return of his company from Sydney, whither they will shortly proceed. Madame Lucy Escott, the prima donna, has be- come a great favourite both as a vocalist nnd an actress, her vivacity and versatility being especially notable. Mr, Henry Squires, the tenor, is scarcely less popular. Mr. Farquharson's illness has somowhat wcakoned tho efficiency of tho company in thoso operas in which the basso assumes an unusual prominenoe, and his return to the stage has been warmly wel- comed by the play-going publio of this city. Tho engagement of Signor ana Signora Bianchi, how- ever, has enabled additional strength to be given to the east of some of tbo works produced ; and in few theatres out of Europe could " II Trova toro" have been better presented than it has boen at the Theatre Royal. Among tho operas per- formed havo been "Norma," "LaSounambula," " Ernani," " Maritana," " Tho Bohomian Girl," " La Favorita," " Lucrezia Borgia," an adapta- tion of " La Oenerentola," and " Der Freisohutz," The last-named composition has vied with Vordi'a operas in publto estimation, and has boen placed uponthostago with groat attention to sconio offeot. The public aro so well satisfied with the spirit and enterprise exhibited by Mr. LyBtor, that a com- plimentary benefit is to bo given to him on Satur- day evening, under the patronage of His Ex- cellency the Governor, Major-Gonernl Pratt, Sir Redmond Barry, and an influential committee On the departuro of the Lyster troupe for Sydney tho theatre will bo opened for dramatic perfor- mances, under tho management of Messrs. Hoskins and Olarance Holt. Sir William and Lady Don have boen playing in Geelong, and will proceed from thence to tho principal gold-fields. Last night a serio-comio opera, entitled the " Gentleman in Black," the music of whioh was composed by Mr. Marsh, of this city, was played for the first timo at the Theatre Royal, and a notice of tho performance will bo found else« whore. At the Princess's Thoatro, tho taste of the frequenters seems to incline to romantio dramas end nautical mclo-dramas, and tho management diligently provides a succession of novelties for it3 gratification. The "Dead Heart" and tho " Flying Dutchman" have each onjoyod a good i un, while "Colleen Bown" is resuscitated from timo ta time, and still retains its hold upon publio favour. Miss Rosa Dunn and Mr. Stewart appear to marked advantage in Mr. Boucicaalt's drama. _ RAILWAYS. The following is a statement of the traffic re- turns of all the railway lines in operation in Victoria for the month of June (with the excep- tion of the Essendon):— - Pas- sengers. Mer- chandise. Total. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. Government Lines 5347 19 0 3978 8 9 9326 7 9 Melbourne and Hob- son's Bay 8359 12 6 2637 19 4 5307 11 10 Melbourne and Sub- urban 1815 2 3 1815 2 3 St. Kilda and Brigh- ton. 673 12 5 7 15 10 681 3 3 COMMERCIAL: Since the despatch of the Jeddo, with the mails of the 25th June, several important movements hove taken placo in monetary and commeroial affairs. The revenue statements for tho second quarter of the year havo been publishod, and havo proved to bo more satisfactory than was expected. Tho banks have mado a considerable rise in tho rates of exchange on England. , The quarterly returns of the shipments of gold hove been mado up, and have shown that tho production of the first half of the current year is equal to that of tho samo period of its predecessor. The commercial position of tho colony hau, in the meantime, been quietly undergoing the slow process of that great chango which has boen foreseen by peoplo at a distanco, perhaps, moro readily than by residents. The values of proper- ties of all kinds, whether in land or in labour, havo been forcod into a position of adjustment with the existing condition of colonial interests. Money has boen dear, trade has been dull, vvhilo tho peoplo have uo; boen tho lesspiofltably omployod. In mercantile and trading circles many failures have taken place, the difficulties in all oases arising out of ovils of long standing-long credit and unsuccessful attempts at finance in a falling market. Tho bank returns for tho quarter have been looked for during the past weok, but they have not yet been issued. It is, however, satis- factory to know that thoy will, whon published, exhibit an increase in deposits in excess of the increase of mercantile paper undor discount. Tho stocks of coin and bullion havo been main- tained, whilo no marked increase has takou plao« in tho issue of notes. The revonuo statements wero published on tha Cth instant, for the year and quarter onding tho 30th Juno. The returns, as usual, are comparal with those of tho corresponding year and quarter ending the 30th of June, 1860. The revenuos of tho colony, oxclusivo of special funds, amounted for tho year to £3,039,124, ngainst £3,287,505 for 1 tho year ending 30th of Juno, I860, showing a falling off of £228,381 on tho year. Tho revenuo i for tho quarter amounted to £807,644, against £885,215 for tho second quarter of 1800, Bhowiug afalhng- offof £77,571 on the quarter. In tho Customs department there is a marked decline in tho revenues during the year, as will bB Been by the tabulated statomont given bolow. Thero was a falling off in tho import duties col- lected on spirits of £31,044, on beer of £32,815, on tobacco of £2,920, on cigars of £275, on tea of £127, on coffee of £2,915, on sugar and ma lasses of £19,512, and on opium of £1,103. lhere was a decrease in tho export duty on gold of £036. Tho net decreoso in this dopartmeat amounted during the year to £92,C10. Against the decrease in the imported spirit duties wo find an increase of £1,295 in the duties collectai on spirits distilled in the oolony. In the de- partment of the gold-fields thoro is a not increase of £9,021. Under tins head the item of business licences exhibits an increase of £3,548, aad that of leases of auriferous land £8,300, while there is a decrease in minors' rights issuod of £2,131, and in escort and custody fees of £96. In tho Ports and Harbours department thora is a decreoso of £5,761 in tonnage duos and £042 in pilotage. The proceeds of the sales of Crown lands were less by £215,695 during the year than during its predecessor. In licences thero was an increase in assessments of £17,500 ; publicans' licences, £4,144 ; brewers*, £305 ; other liconces, £340 ; and a decreoso in depas turoges of £1,310 ; occupation licencos, £2,785 ; spirit merchants', £352 ; and auctioneers', £401, The net increase in the Post-office amounted to £6,343. In the fees of court there was o decrease of £4,919, and in fines and forfeitures of £406, Under the head of " Miscellaneous" wo find a de- crease in passenger rates oE £760, in Chinese rates of £37,068, in unclaimed poundages of £4,165, in the Government Printing-office of £759, in labour cf prisoners of £2,900, and in the olectrio tele- graph department of £4,480- this latter item of declino caused probably by the recent action of the Qovcrnment with regard to shipping tele« grams. The itomB of increase under this head are-rents, exclusive of lands, £392; storage oC , gunpowder,' £476 ; railways, "£40,007 j sale of Government property. ^«-Ttfw^ The doorease in the quarter was, as han "IT., »constated, £77,571. 'in theÄ?» ment there was an increaso in tÄ?Ä* Icotodon tobacco of £652, on cW al.0* lea, £3.278; on sugar. £4 886- Bn?ii "' r2' 0n oiupirîts of*£292 ; f mo, £Ï,12'; b Cr fe3 coffee, £733; opium, £2,073. In Vhn"tM7; tluly pa d on gold, tho Min. off ÍSí, eí.portr *3,293. The net declino in thfa dLrÄ* tbo quaitor waa £22,134. TI o ¿SAS* duly payable on spirits distilled Sñ a8 colony amounts to £1,21G. Tn 1," ",¥ fields department there 'was an in If1?" lusiness liconces of £1,065, and inC0!,Lm of auriferous lands of £1,206-"nd !°ÍW rreoso in miners' rights issued or ßra » !. cEcort and custody fees of £22 T" ,i fj0' m of thcsales of CrSwn h^ltmâ^ff' tbo quarter amounted to £117 337_:" " : ,_n8 ono\alf of tho total dccreaBofoTrthaa Under tho head of Ueences~Cañ "Z"' in depasture licences of £2,091"and t?,a iioncors' of £200. The items of d'eerensé in tl^ (lepar mont nro-aBaossmonta, £0 m- «1 """ lion liconces, £246; publ cans' IW) ?mf? jnerchnnts',£i,565; b'rewersJ,£5l-' ¿the.« "Sp,rifc £149, In tho Post-office, the, ¿Ä» «ease waaexliibited.the aifferencoamoUnte .12,553. In the fees of court there nM a ASS? ° of £1,930, In fines and forfeitures thom «ore-ibo of £032.. Among to ÄtalE. items we notico an inoroaso of rents (cXAÏ lands, of £42; Government printer £8So£ of gunpowder, £192 j railwaysSo^^Ä Government property, £171- ¿i ¿w 0l lbs hoad nro-pas-ongor rates,£452; cCá rotes, £4,654 ; unclaimed poutidnwn £lS kbourof prisonerb, £1,015? eleo?," iokS _ These returns show a falling off in tho reven,,» it iiuibt be admitted, but not to an amount wS cannot bo accounted for by the gradually Z. mg character of tho cofony-tho iúcfeaVe m general comfoit and the decrease in individual ixpendituio. With the settlement of the colony tho rate por head of consumption of luxuries will buffer a gradual diminution for years to come abo Customs lovonuo, acooiding to tho MiiùV iers of tho Crown, has suffered considerably from the impossibility of carrying out tho m 3£ting clumsily- framed revenue laws nith re- gard to distillation. Tho escorts from tho gold-fields bayo fcooa uceieoBiug for eomo months, laigo parcels finding iheir way daily by tho well-appointed com evariccs plying betwepn tho mctropoliB and the gold tclds. Tho yield of tho mines, measured by this Mmidard, bhows a declino on that of last year Iho total up to Saturday last being l,01ö.5D4ioz' SBoinBt l,122,078ioz. for the cones'ponfc rtriod of 18G0. Tho shipments aro this year ia excess of thoso of last, up to date, amounting ¡a ilo aggregate, including the quantity to bo (hipped by tho mail ateamahip, to 48 tons, against m tons chipped during the hrst bovell months of IcüO. In tho following tablo, the escort returns for this week aro givon side by sido with those cf the corresponding week of 18(30, together with tho totals of the yoars up to date: Natue 1 of Gold-field. 1801\. | 1800. oz, dwt oz. dnt. tCastlemalno .. 8,860 10 8,107 0 2,148 0 090 0 ¡sandhurst .. 0,854 10 6,851 0 »Tarnagulla .. ., 1,077 0 1,030 10 maryborough.. 2,162 0 - rack Creek .. 1,201 10 1,480 10 »?Dunolly 2,903 10 4,261 0 "Jnglowood Mlarat 1.820 10 4,307 10 8,476 0 6,238 0 'Creswick 1,981 0 2,670 0 "Clunes. 1,871 0 1,606 10 »Beechworth 2,918 0 4,051 0 »yackandandah 019 10 1,430 0 Hhiltem 4,088 0 6,018 0 »Hc&thcoto; .. 905 10 930 10 »J! uohworth ., 015 0 527 0 «KUmoro 271 10 1110 "Worse's Creek.. .. 1,481 10 -. Duckland - 870 0 Totals for tho wooka 40,227 10 43,256 0 Previous csoortB .. 076,837 0 1,078,822 10 Totals for the yoai a .. 1,016,66110 1,122,078 10 .he escorts from tho places marked thus * aro fort. nightly, tho lest wookly. In the following table the quantities brought into Molbourno wcokly by tho escorts from all the gold-fields aro givon separately for thies ironths, ending last week. In tho last column will bo found the totals for the coi responding periods of 1860 : Og O a 4 -« s a & 1 1S6L April 26 _ -. May 3 _ - May 10 -, 60S May 17 _-, -? May 24 __ 1158 May 31 Juno 7 - 1238 June It Juna 21 - 2C92 June 28 - - July 5 - 493 July 12 1305 - July 19 - 2152 1149 736 835 885 \- I - I 883 Î ¿5 1742 2569 2145 904 2914 1780 1482 J c3 g c5 o ä i s a -i D2 .a f g Ü ?g S « o' i o a » 5 1 _ j i 1 1 B S - ó 1 W 4 'i s « o a 3 -o o % M ra § t « g .1 ?á è "8 i 5 I S V. e o .3 1 i »H « O ?3 2307 6287 4079 298C 3S30 3892 3822 COOO 5505 433G B7S9 1C48 3367 1645 2146 1822 1843 1645 1583 2148 3,511 4,338 4,242 5,064 3.82S 4,946 4,449 13,740 5.8S5 4,876 2,199 6,021 0,825 346 1240 466 931 753 1018 952 1209 677 1082 593 661 1077 : 935 1095 900 1041 631 756 1614 3103 1007 1644 1177 1527 1265 1103 1575 1024 079 5715 2884 2959 1723 4932 4074 4053 3535 4519 5283 9325 SS28 4053 3989 6309 3475 1724 1725 1563 1052 1S05 1090 1931 1957 1667 1324 2138 1600 1371 3651 2532 1840 2272 1363 1787 1820 2S63 1224 2776 840 2301 805 2933 872 62SS 1764 2911 1166 2918 019 1 2143 2682 3020 4664 6257 25S6 463S 1105 1139 1007 SOS 996 S44 |995 663 469 505 lOO) 635 833 £615 014 617 402 271 446 399 227 640 827 357 6981 7239 63S1 ES5S 36S7 1109 753 703 602 703 439 073 602 890 714 1181 S20 675 1553 1396 1365 1218 1123 993 1945 3140 3678 3477 3697 26,390 80,261 34,676 2S.S66 32,064 25,234 87,192 47,439 61,717 26,890 31,696 27,889 10,228 40,343 41,488 41,885 81,525 61,017 82,870 60,875 81,610 64,628 34,030 46,194 36,853 43,256 440,532J 636.372 1 Tho nvorago weekly amount received by escort during the second quarter of tho year ha» »mounted to 33,887oz. Subjoined is a state- ment of the avorago weekly escorts for tho scvoral quarters since tho beginning of 1857 : i "Weekly Average 1857. 1858. 1869. 1800. 1801. 1st qr... 2ndqr. . Srd qr... 4th qr... oz. 48,810 44,403 61,340 68,011 oz. 41,926 45,200 48,285 48,917 oz. 41,082 44,417 44,623 89,081 OZ. 87,082 80,617 40,204 87,723 oz. 86,713 33,567 As wo havejfalroady remarked, the escort returns do not bear that direct testimony to tho yield of lho gold-fields thoy did in tho old timo of bad and unprotected roads, when every ounco of gold was brought to Molbourno by tho only Eiifo, and, at tho some time, tho cheapest possible means of convóyanos. Up to tho close of last week the shipments of tho year amounted te l,0E0,431oz. Sinco then 7,142oz. have boen chipped in the Utopia, for Calcutta ; 51,774oz. ia tho Lincolnshire, for London ; and arrangements havo been mado for tho shipment of upwards of 40,000oz. by tho mail steamship Northam, bring- ing the total to l,149,347oz., or, in round num- bers, to 48 tons, Tho following is a^list of tho gold Bhips which havo sailed since tho 1st July : Dato of Ship. Destination. Ounces, Sailing. July 2 Bwiftsure .. .. London .. .. 61,217 Adolicia .. Batavia .. .. " 10 James Wilson .. Loudon .. 19,053 " 22 Llncolnthiro Loudon .. 5!,!7S " 23 Utopia .. Calcutta.. IMtnorva .. Hong Kong .. With the riso in the rates of exchange, there has boon a rise in tho prices ruling for gold In tit» mining districts, buyers now giving io lls,_ Oil. per ounco for standard. This, with freo carriage to Molbourno and the export duty of 2s. Gd. per ounce, brings the cost on board ship to £3 17«. per ounce. Tho movemonts in tho money market to whick V7Ç havo referred have boen caused by tua advices received from England. Two days after i the delivery of the mails of tho 27th of May, the banks raised their rates for bills on England. The selling prices ore now li per oont. premium for sixty days', 2 per cent, for thirty days, and 2A per cent, for small sums undor £60. At the same time, the Peninsular and Onontol Steam Navigation Company has reduced its rats for the conveyance of gold and specie from Mel- bourne to the bullion office of the Bank of Eng- land to £115s. per cent. The cost of remitting by this means stands therefore :-Freight and insurance, £1 16s.; interest of £100 during transit, 12s. 6d. ; total, £2 7s. Gd. At the rate of IA per cent, premium on bank bills the oo3t stands at-Premium, £1 10s. ; interest during transit, 12s. Gd. ; interest during sixty days cur- rency, 16s. 8d. ; total, £2 19s. 2d. The bank rotes of discount stand at-For two months, 8 per cent. : for threo months', 9 por cent. ; for four months', 10 per cent. Interest is allowed on time deposits at the following rotes :-For deposits at thirty days' notice, from IA to 2 par cent, per annum ; at throe months notice, from 2 to 2j per cont. ; at six months' notioa, from 4 to 4i per cent. . In our local joint-stock associations some im- portant changes havo ocourred, and prices have been affected accordingly. The Government lines of rodway have been opened up to a larger amount of mileage, and the revenue has baan found to increoso pro rata to this amount. Tha Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company has found itself in a position of some difficulty, and the directors have been compelled to call the shareholders together. Several meetings have taken placo. At one held on the 16th inst., Mr. Johnson, the chairman of the board of directora, who presided, informed the proprietary that the committee appointed by them at tho previous meeting hod had under their consideration the Eresent unsatisfactory position of the Une, and ad determined on recommending the adoption of a scheme which he thought would meet the i exigencies of tho caso. The opinion of counsel had been obtained, and was of a character favourable to the object they oil had in view. It was proposed that a company, with a capital of £100,000, or thereabouts, should bo at once formed, the now company to pay off the oroditors of the existing company, ex- clusive of bondholders, and the Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company to consent to judge- ment for the full amount, such judgement to De held over for a period of threo years, during which time the new company should receive all the incomo of the railway operations, and, taking upon itself all liai iii tics for working expenses, and for the interest on the bonds. At the ex- piration of the threo years, it was proposed that tho old company should havo the option of paying off the monoys advanced by the new company, and of resuming possession of the line; failing this, that the now company should become the ! absoluto owners of the line, subject to the bonds j now in existence. This project was formally J introduced for the consideration of the meeting, by Mr. Harris, Mr. Thomas Dickson seconding the motion. A long conversational discussion j followed as to the desirability of tho present proprietary of tho Uno having preference over the public in tho issue of shares of the new com- pany. Mr. Harris's motion was carried, and it was ultimately determined to loave the question of the allotment of the shares in the hands of the directors of the present and the promoters of tho new company. The proceedings of this meeting wero confirmed by another held on the 23r3 instant, and the prospectus of the new company is now boforo the public. Tho committee ap- pointed by the shareholders acted with energy and ability, and the shareholders have reason to bo thankful for tho prompt action taken in the matter. Tho true position of the company is now known and tho liabilities ascertained -the amount of the latter being lo3S than was oxpected, The proposition of the directors, to placo beyond doubt the security of the bondholders, met with the ready assent oE the shareholders. The now company will b3 bound, not only to recognize the bonds os pro- fèrent securities, but also to make the interest a firBt charge on the tolls of the lino. The Colonial Bank of Australasia shares havo been subjeoted to some fluctuation, in consequenco of the diffi culties in which the Suburban Railway Company , bos been placed. It was known that the bank held some largo parcels of shares as security for advances mado to tho company and to othors. Sinco the meetings to which we have aUuded. the shares in this institution hove recovered rapidly, as will bo seen by reference to our share list. Ia gas shares there has beon somo fluctuation, caused partly by speculation and partly by compe- tition. Rates can scarcely be quoted as other than nominal. The sales reported lost week were :-On Monday-National Bank of Austral- asia, £3 10s, ; Bonk of Viotoria, £35 2s. 6d. ; Melbourne and Uobson's Bay Railway Company, £41 ; Colonial Insurance Company, 19s. ; Mel- bourne Firo Insurance, 2s. 9d, ; and in mining shares- Eaglehawk Association, IBs. Gd. to 15s. 9d. ; Bolindas, 6s. 6d.; .Hustler's Reef, 4s. 6d. On Tuesday-National Bank of Australasia shares, £3 los. ; Goelong Gas Company, £4; and Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company, £1. On Wednesday-Colonial Bank of Australasia, £3 15s. ; National Bank of Australasia, £3 10« ; Bendigo Gas Company, £3 Us. Gil.; Geelong Gas Company, £1 to £4 2s. Gd. ; Melbourne Gas nnd Coko Company, £0 ; Colonial Insurance Company, 183. 6d. to 19a. ; Molbourno and Suburban Railway Companj', £1, On Thursday -Colonial Bank of Australasia, £5 l63. ; Na tionol Bank, £3 10s. ; Melbourne and Subur- ban Railway, £1 ; Colonial Insurance Company, 18s. to I83. Gd.; Victoria Life and General Insurauco Company, £3 83. Od. ; Geelong Gas j Company, £4 : Albion (Stieglitz) Mining Com- pany, 14s, ; Eaglehawk Union, 12a. 6d. On Friday-Colonial Bank of Australasia, £5 l63. ; National Bank of Australasia, £3 10s. to £3 10J, 6d. : Bendigo Gas Company, £311s. to £3 15s. ; ' Melbourne and Hobsons Bay Railway Company, £41 ; Eaglehawk Association (Tarrengower), los. Gd.; Hustler's Reef, 4s. Gd.; M'lvor, Caledonia, £1 8s. ; Star Reef, Bendigo, 4s. And on Satur- day-Colonial Bank of Australasia, £517s. Od. ; National Bank of Australasia, £3 10s. ; Nelson 1 Reef Mining Company, Gs, ; Eaglehawk Union, 13s. ; New Chum, Bendigo, 93. No changes of | importance have taken place. The closing prices of to-day, as marked at the Stock Exohango, will be found in our list in another column. Tho Customs returns for tho past weok give the imports at tho port of Molbourno at the doclarod valuo of £317,430, and'the exports at £299,213, the balanco being in favour of the former to tho sum of £48,223. Among the arti- cles of colonial produce exported wero tho follow- ing :-bark, l8 tons ; bran, 1,400 bushels; copper, 40 tons; flour, 326 tons ; gold, 35,459oz. ; guano, 3 tons; hay, 21 tons ; hides, 469 No. : live stook -horned cottle, 40 No. ; horses, 98 No. j sheep, G00 No. ; tallow, 10 tons; wool, 2,6641b. Specie was oxported to tho valuo of £108,000, In the following table, tho imports and exports aro given weekly for tho current year up to date, oomparod with I860, according to tho values declared at the Customs : Week ending Imports. Exports. 1800. Í861. 1800. 1801. & & £ & ' Jan. t 111,793 180,160 185,822 218,310 » 15 872,342 804,467 107,188 232,142 " 10 222,831 181,189 402,004 217,2*9 " 26 680,189 409,471 872,830 480,033 S'en. 2 475,010 827,705 116,127 291,943 » 0 404,544 197,193 247,108 80,825 » 16 150,388 821,611 174,613 270,910 » 23 434,905 117,112 439,192 201,257 March 2 102,544 141,600 229,286 860,003 .. » 834,814 269,369 269,790 85,101 " 10 287,927 248,502 206,638 802,283 " 23 861,861 263,091 173,271 40,087 " 80 201,030 224,004 183,620 297,021 April 6 105,971 165,684 226,060 46,871 ,, l8 421,481 81,847 134,094 292,78t » 20 821,224 200,181 180,068 289,272 .. 27 100,179 809,121 818,930 440,075 Hay 4 479,045 255,703 49,083 89,482 » « 469,491 801,907 257,481 199,877 " 16 177,780 261,809 437,088 103,670 " 26 242,010 134,274 199,101 826,995 June 1 153,281 172,514 83,715 217,223 .> 8 83,482 140,895 269,161 87,861 , li 200,821 108,472 204,801 182,925 » 22 215,692 181,700 284,210 151,779 " 20 806,177 126,201 71,402 410,600 July C 280,030 240,833 131,870 241,073 " IS 243,801 262,800 276,122 111,80» » 2t 426,923 847,480 68,013 299,213 .8,884,082 0,530,183 0,288,873 6,535,322 In tho fh ?st period t ho account stood thus: Imp iris _ Expr. rta . )f Imports c ver export .. 0,238,873 Balance s ..£2,046,609 In the se «ona perioi 1: Imp Kip ,636,822 Balance of exports over Imports.. .. £6,189 We refer to the tables and prices current in other columns for details of tho condition of the import and export markets. The failures whioh wo havo had occasion to refer to have beon as follow :-Mr. Goodman Tealo, trading in connexion with Messrs. Bax tor and Walker- Liabilities, £13,500; assets, £-1,570. Mr. W. II. Nicholson- Liabilities, £19,592 ; con- tingent liabilities, £10,580: assets available for unsecured creditors, £5,000. Messrs. Bergin Brothors-Liabilities, unsecured, £17,589; so cured, £5,950; contingent, £23,500; assets, £8,602, or about 9s. in the pound on the un- secured liabilities. In tho export market tho feeling has bean very unsatisfactory during the monta. Several houses of reputed standing hove given way, and confidence has beon once more uprooted. The intolligonoo of increased shipments coming for- ward at ali British ports for Australia was scarcely looked for. The effect of the news has been to add to the dulness already prevailing. It admitted on all hands that the stocks of goods the neighbouring colonies aro light, while in Melbourne they are gonerally sufficient for twelvo months' conaumpiion, if not drawn upon for ' other ports. With bare shipments, the prospects of the market were becoming brighter, but the advices received by the Benares appear to bo likely to counteract tho improvement whioh was setting in, and to render trado duller than at any previous part of the year. The failures to which wo have alluded exhibit the easiness with which *' credit is obtained here, and the small piolita to which importers and country dealers are com- pelled to submit by the activo competition which prevails. For some time past thero havo beon doubts as fo the aocuraoy of the returns of dutiable goods "old in bond. The Customs department havo recently taken stock, and havo found that the actual quantities on hand tally with the balances of receipts over deliveries shown by tho Customs looks. The following is an account of the atooks in bond at this port on tho 20th inst.. according lo tho official return furniBbed by the Customs authorities:-Coloniol spirits, 1,G96 hhd.; brandy, 4,013 hhd., 42,430 oaseB; rum, 1,9G0 hhd. 35 cases; geneva, 66 hhd., 0,673 red 9,679 green oasoa ; whiskey, 669 hhd., 24,498 cases; old tom, 737 bhdfl. 13,287 cases; cordials, 1,706 cases ; spirits of wine, 71 hhd. : other spirits, 121 hhd. 3,732 CBBCS: wine, 2,821 hhd. 16,480 cases: beor, 559hhd. 385 cases ándeosles; tobacco, 2 hhd., 429 cases, 23 bales, 6 tierces, 1,645 half-tierces, 241 quarter-tierces, 414 kc,'8, 7,507 three-quarter boxes, 6,871 cases and boxes ; cigars, 64G casos : snuff, 70 paokoges ; tea, 23,612 chests, 20,979 half-chests, 16,769 boxes ; coffee, 866 bags, 129 casks, 162 barrols ; sugar, 789 bags raw ; mo InsseB, 3 hhds, ; chicory, 486 packages ; opium, 42 chests 194 packages. The slock of sugars held by tho Viotoria Sugar Company was as fol- lows :-Refined sugar, 240 tons 7owt. ; treacle, 239 tons 10 owt.; sugar (in proceas), 351 tons 16 cwt, ; raw sugar, G53 tona. Total in stock, 1,484 tonslScwt. Tho following aro the revenue tables to whioh rcf crenco is mado in our previous romarks ; CoMrABATivB STATE-HINT OP THE REVENUES or VIC- TORIA, RECEIVED INTO THE TREABHB.Y, MELBOURNE, »ÜRINO TUE QUARTERS AND YEARS ENDINO ÜOlil JONE, I860 AND 1861, nsSrECTIVEIiY. (¡uartor onding Year onding HEADS O? llEVENOE. 80th 80th 80th 80th June, Juno, June, Juno, 18C0. 1881. 1800. 1861. I.-CUSTOMS. £ £ £ Import Dutlos On ¡.pirlta Wino .. 160,422 160,130 670,050 614,403 9,981 8,628 44,090 46,003 Boor .. .. 24,176 11,027 00,842 £8,023 Tobacco .. 87.640 88,092 168,046 166,718 , Cigora .. 5,711 6,767 26,838 26,663 Tea .. 20,404 29,778 122,600 122,873 Coffee 6,011 4,278 10,001 10,036 Sugar and molassoa .. 22,908 27,854 127,518 108,005 Opium 6,810 2,080 14,013 13,474 Ixport Duty On gold.. 07,806 04,012 205,078 264,4-11 Total Customs.. 870,065 358,821 ,546,706 ,453,693 II.-DOTY ON Sri BITS DlBTIT-tiED IN VIOTORIA .. - 1,210 2,072 8,870 III.-GOLD. lUnere' rights .. Business licoiiceB.. 10,090 10,156 40,308 44,177 4,156 5,820 10,033 2'-,681 LcnEcs of aurifer- ous lauds, &c...; 1,528 2,734 2,006 10,837 Escort and cus- tody fees Total gold IV. - POUTS AND 48 l8 217 121 10,410 18,728 07,065 77,270 HARBOURS. Tonnage .. 8,908 2,176 22,301 10,533 Filólogo (at out ports) ,. Total ports and " 22 720 77 harbours V.-PEOCBEDS 01 3,008 2,108 23,021 10,017 »is SALE or CROWN LANDS .. VI.-LICBNCBB. 269,130 151,799 008,742 083,010 AstcEsmcnt 79,748 78,080 214,009 232,203 Depasture 8,656 10,017 27,702 20,386 Other occupation 4,207 4,021 18,834 16,64a ruhllcana' 80,825 20,076 48,850 62,401 Spirit merchants' 2,646 089 12,433 12,080 Auctioneers' 800 600 6,876 4,071 Brewers' .. 103 11) 774 1,07» All othor licences Total licencos .. VII.-POSTAOE.. VIII.-FEES. 1,165 1,010 12,741 13,031 127,000 120,050 840,410 867,010 26,840 20,400 100,717 118,069 Supremo Court .. 7,081 0,097 81,145 27,610 General Sessions & CountyCourta.. 1,483 1,258 6,208 6,201 Courts of Minos.. 823 898 1,224 1,061 Courts ol Petty ScBsiona 2,001 2,825 11,010 11,411 All other feeB .. Total fees IX.-FINES AND 4,058 8,883 10,452 14,040 10,787 14,867 05,106 00,187 FORFEITDRFB. Supremo Court .. 827 ei 964 125 General Session. and County Courts .. \-- 11 41 42 Courts ol Potty Sessions 1,070 2,226 8,835 7,053 ¿11 othor fines and forfeitures Total finca and 807 1,440 8,104 8,843 forfeitures .. X, -. MlSCBLlANE 8,111 8,740 12,480 11,009 OUfl. TnEscngor rates 1,64( 1.09S 0,181 ,6,431 Chincso rates 9,40 4,84£ 00,807 28,739 Unclaimed pound ages 2,42 1,04 10,02. 6,802 Rents, exclusivo o lands .. 82 86. 2,094 2,437 Government Prin ter 1,20 1,27 0,20 6,503 Inbour, prisoner! Electric Tclograpl 8,00 3 1,48 fl,60f (8,093 7,86 I 0,78f 28,23 28,757 Storngo of gnn powder.. 12 r 82 68 1,003 Railway income. 20,86 2 85,66' 70,68< 126,691 Solo of Govern ment proporty. 71 J .8 2,74 ) 4,101 AU othor receipts Total miscclla 8,76 . 62,11 12,46 5 70,010 ncou... Total rovomio. 60,98 3 100,22 ! 216,03 1 271,039 886,21 6 807,04 4 3,287,60 6 8,060,121 Net decrcaeo o tho qunrtor . 807,644 1 8,060,12 4 . 77,67 1 Net decrease on y 228,38 1 SrEciAij FUNDS. Pollcoroward fund 1,807 7,424 7,109 10,6 Penal establish- ment fund .. 10 6 lol 71 Tolls fund 88,050 188,847 102,662 280,118 Trust fund 14,037 0,067 60,14'4 89,873 Folleo hospital fund .. .. 191 193 041 032 MELBOURNE MARKETS. WEDNESDAY, JULY 24. THE MILLS. Inquiry for flour continues dull, and salos confined to bmall trado orders. Millers' quotations aro-Uno flour, £16 por ton ; Haxall and Gallego, 42s, por bar- rel ; bran, Is. 8d. to Is. 8Jd. por bimbel; oatmeal, £20 Ter ton ; wheat, 6s. 8d. to Os. Od. ; South Australian do., 0s. lOd, to 7s. por bushel. RETAIL MARKETS. Butchers' Moat,-Beef, 2d. to 6d. por lb. ; mutton, Ed. to 4Jd. do. ; veal, 6d. to Od. do, ; pork, 7d. to 10J.. do. Poultry.-Turkays, 0s. to 10s. each; goose. Iii. to 17s. por paix; ducks, 7s. to 10s. do. ; fowls, fo. to Os. do. ; rabbits, 4B, to 6s. por braco; buttor, fresh, Is. 9d. to 2s. per lb.; eggs, 2s. to 2a. 3d. por dosen; milk, 8d. to Dd. por quart; broad, 8d. toOd. tho alb. loaf. BAY HABKKT. The markot has boen fairly supplied ; demand In, however, moderate, and prices «re unaltered. Quo- tations are-bost hay, £7 to £8 ; Inferior and second quality, £6 to £0 por ton ; straw, £2 10s. to £3 por ton. EASTERN MARKET. Thero waa a full market this morning, and a very brisk business doing, last Saturday's full rates being maintained. Good cauliflowers woro scarco, and in demand ; carrots were plentiful, and dall of salo : rarsnlpB wero vory saleable, Thero was an unusually largo quantity of potatoes, but they wero mostly of im ported Tasmanian. Tho following prices wero obtained : -Vegetables.-Artichokes, IJd. per lb. ; boet, Od, to Is. per dozon; bouquets, 0s. to 12s. per dozen; cabboges, 2s. to 4a. per dozon ; carrots, 6d. to Od, per dozon bunches; cauliflowers, 4s. to 10s. per dczen; celery, is. Od. to 6s. per dozen; créai, water, la. 3d. to 1B. 4d. per do-on bunches; horse tndith, 0d. to Od, per bundle; looks, Cj. to 8s. per dozon bunchcB ; lottuco, Cd. to Is. per dozon ; marjoram, 8d. per dozen bunches ; onions (dried), 0s. to 10s. por cwt.i; do. ({roon), Os. per dozon bunches; parsloy, 9d. to Is, per dozen bunches ; parsnip«, Is. to 1B. Od. per dczen bunchos; peas. £d. to Od. per quart ; potatoes (old), 7s. to 7a. 0d. per owt.; do., young, Id. to ltd. por lb. ; pumpklnB, 2s, to Os. per dozon ; radish, 7d. to 8d. per dozon bunchca; sago, 8d. to 3 e, per dozen bunches ; savoys, 2s. to Os. per dozen : spinach, 2d. por lb. ; sprouts, 1B. to Is. Od. por dozon ; th.mc, 8d. per dozen bunches; turnips, Od, to l8, por dozen bunches; vegetable marrows, Is. por dozon. Fruits.-Apples, 4d. to 60. per lb. ; poars,5d. por lb. ; Dairy Produce- Butter, 1B Od. per lb. ; ducks, 6s. to CB. per pair; eggs, Is. 8d. to 2s. per dozon; goose, 12i. to 14s. per pair ; bens, 8s. ed. to 6s. per nair ; honey, 0 J: per lb. ; plgoona, 2s. per pair; pork, Od. por lb.; rahbltB, 8s. to 4s. Cd. por pair ; sucking pigs, 8s. to I2s. each ; turkoys, 10a. to 12a. per pair. WOOL, TALLOW, AUD HIDES. Messrs. Clough and Co. roport :-" Wool-Our hut report was por Jcddo, on the 24th nit,, Blnco which ve aro In jecolpt of home advices of tho progress o tro London Borlos ol May wiles up to thu 27th, otp which date the London markot li reported as showing n greater degroo of firmness in tho competition for iirtt-class wools, middle class sustaining previous rate«, while low and inferior doBorlptlons havo suffered a fur- ther decline The result of these Balea Ima doter nincd buyers upon only operating In this markot at a ccr/CEpondlng reduction in price, to which, as a gono r.l rule, growors aro preparing to submit. Bospootlng thla market wo havo little to add In addition ti our remarks of last month, the only wools coming forwvd Icing fclln- pngors', which aro ablpp.d on predawn* account. The following chips have sailed since our Jtst:-Juno 24, Water Njmph, with 81 bales on beard; July 2, Swiftsnre, with 422 bales on board; July 10, JameB Wilson, with 863 bales on board; July 22, Lincolnshire, with 307 bales on board; add Îrevious shipments, 73,631 bales ; total since October Otb, I860,74,887bales. ThoCustonis clearancessmeo oer last havo been-From Juno 16 to July l8, t0,3421b., value £4.000; previous shipmonts, from October 10, I860, to Jone 16,1601,10,70v,97aib" valuo £1,804,469; total, 16,761,3161b., valuo £1,809,076. Tallow.-Since our last, shipments havo been-per Swlltsurc, 968 casks; per Lincolnshire, 201 casks; total, 1,162 casks. Our sales have been about 780 cstkB mixed tallow, at £4310s. to £44 ; and a few lots of beef, at from £39 to £42 por ton. Our quotations are-Beef tallow, in shipping order, £39 to £43 per ten; mixed do., do., £48 10s. to £44 por ton ; mutton do., do., £45 to £48 per ton. Hides.-A decline in price baa taken placo In this market of about 2B, per hide tinco receipt of advices by london May mail. Tito shipments sinco our last report have boen-For Water Hamph, 9,468 hides; per Lincolnshire, 140 hides; total, 9,608 hides. Our quotations aro now for good well-cured hides, in shipping order, 12s. Cd. to lSi." MettiB. Qoldsbrough and Co. report :-" Wool. A B usual, at this season of tho year, the amount of business transacted is vory limited, almost the only lots coming forward being fellmongers' alipo and rcoured, nearly the whole of which is shipped to tho home maikot on owners' account, buyers boing shy of purchasing thoso descriptions, after tho very un- favourable acconnt sales rocoived of tho lots Bhippod during the past season. From the mild winter wo have hitherto had, It is generally believed that the new clip will bo umi.ually well grown and Bound; and wo hear, from somo of tho northern districts, whero lambing has already commenced, that it has boen meit favourable, the increaso In somo instances being over 100 per cent. Fromthtso indication., we augur a large clip ; and also bolleve that, after tho very un- satisfactory accounts received of the lots cent homo in inferior condition, that more caro will be taken by the steckowners in washing and gottlug up their wools than has been tbo case in previous years. Our sales during the month have boen small lots of greasy, at from 9d. to 12d. ; Blips, Is. 2d. to Is. Sd. ; and bandwBBhed, Is. Oil. per lb. Prices current: Superior fleece (nominally) Is. lOd. to Is lid, nono efff ring ; ordinary to good do, is. Od. to Is. 8d. ; Inferior do., le. Sd. to 1B. 6d.; superior greasy, lOJil. to Is,; inferior to good do, 8d. to lOd ; superior icoured, 2s. to 2s. 2d., none selling; ordinary do, Is. 6d. to 19. 8d. ; hand washed, Is. 3d. to Is. 0d,; slice, le. to Is. 3d. Tho following ships havo cleared during the month with wool on board :-July 2 Swlftsure, from Molbourno for London, 422 balos. July 10-James Wilson, from Molbourno for London, , 866 bales. July 22-Lincolnshire, from Molbourno ' fcr London, 399 bales. Total, 1,177, Previous ship- ments, 73,302. Total, Soptombor 25, 1860, to date, 74,479. Hides.-Sinco our last report wo have not heard of any sales of largo parcels for shipment; indeed, after tho unfavourable news received by each, succeeding mail from England, our mcrcbants do not set m disposed to oporato in hides at any prico. Wa havo Bold a fow small lots of country wet silted at from 9s. to 11s. each. Shipmonts during the month havo been-James Wilson, for Lon- don, 3,718 calf-skins. Tallow.-During tho month wo have made several shipments on owners' account, Here being scarcely any demand in this market, oithor for colonial uso or export. Our quotations aro, for beef and mixed, £38 to £42 ; mutton, £40 to £48 por tun. Tho following shipments havo boon mado since our last summary :-July 2, Swlftsure, for London, 768 casks; July 22, Lincolnshire, lor London. 201 oaks ; total, 962 casks." _IV_ STOCK. Messrs. Power, Euthorford, and Co.'s report Is as follows :-" Fat Cattle.-Tho supply this week has been somewhat under tbo usual, and good quality has advanced io price, several lots averaging 20s. to 21s. per 1001b., although tho better descriptions of cattle predominated to a greater extent than of lato. The Interiors having no stock on hand, wo may reasonably look to obtain good prices for any lots of fair quality »Hiving without deity. Wo have sold, In all, 824 head, comprising 180 bullocks, good, at £010s. ; 14 do,, do., at £0 13s. ; 14 do., middling, at £4 6s. ; 47 mixed sexes, good, £0 5s. Od. ; 69 spayed cows, do., £6 9s. Od. Calves.-A BUfllcient supply, of which we i old forty-six head, at an averago of £2 2s. 6J. Fat Sheep moderately supplied, and some of real fcod quality, for which description prices remain rm. Our sales have been 2,664, which wero disposod of >B follows :-400 primo wethers at 19s ; 171 good do. at 38s. ; 947 do. averaging 18s. Od. ; 772 good, but I light, do, at 16s. to 15a ; 363 ewes, good, at 14s. Total, 2,664. Thoso quotations aro ovidonce that any- thing of fine quality will always bring Its valuo in our Harket." Messrs. Dalmahoy Campbell and Co. report-'1 Fat Cattle-About 1,000 head havo been yarded this week, and although very few really primo eattlo wore offered, competition was decidedly brisker, the butchers being more lightly stocked than for soma time past. Wo report an advance on all qualities but inferior of from 10s. to l63, per head. A Jot of Hood's, from Fort Fairy, good fair bullocks, averaged £0 9s. 43. Wo sold a dralt from Western Port, second quality, the bullocks at £4 18s. Od. ; cows, £3 15s. ed, ; and a small draft of middling bullocks from a paddock near town, at £6 8s. 01. Fat Shoop.-6,95? havo been offered, for tho most part of good to primo qualities, and, as was tlio ca o last week, the larger portion woro from stations In tbo neighbourhood. Tho market oponed with a good demand, and tho prices realized were fully equal to last week's. Suporlor, heavyweight wethers brought from 18s. to 19s ; good do., from 10s. to 10s. (¡J. ; do., light weights, 13s 0J. to 14B. Only ono primo draft of owes carno to hand, which wero disposed of at from I3s. Cd. to 14s, We havo sold 2,000 of Mr. B. Patterson's wotbers from tho BUlybong, fair quality, light weights, at 14s. In- ferior wethers are worth from 11s. to 12s. Oil., ac- cording to size of frame, such being in demand amongst graziers only. Calvos.-103 bead supplied. The demand was good, and fair prices wero obtained. Wo sold 44 at pnces ranging from 22s. to 46s. Lambs. -Sixty-seven wero offered. Wo sold 50 of good quality at from 13s. to 14s. ; tho rematador brought 108\. Od." Mr. C. Brown's roport Is as subjoined :-" lho num- ber of fat cattle olTored on Monday and yostorday amounted to 820 head. Tho quality brought forward was in no caso of the prlmost, and in some instances very lnforlor. Nevertheless, the trado being ihjhtly stocked, tbo dornand waa brisk, and a deoided »dvanoo upon lost quotations was realized. Tho shoop market was supplied with 6,664 head, principally of good to prime quality, for which fully last rates woro main- tained. Suporlor heavy weight wethers fetched 18t. to 19s. ; good, 16s. to l61. 01. ; light weight, l8«, ta 148\. Only ono lot of owes were offered, which, being of primo quality, sold at 18s. Od. to 14s. Fat Cattle. Tbelollowlng lots havo realized as under :-Feohan's bullocks, 76 hoad, averaged £5 8s. 3d. ; do. cows, 35 head, very inferior, averaged £> lOj. 53. ; Micklo's bullocks, second quality, averaged £4 13s. Od. ; do. cows, de., averaged £816s. Od. ; Hood's, Port Fairy, 180 bullocks, good fair quality, averaged £6 9s. 4d, ; Tobin's bullocks, 60 head, on Monday, averaged £3 18s. Od. ; do, 27 hoad, on Tuesday, averaged £3 6s. 7d. ; Moonoy's cows, 00 head, averaged £3 IS». 6d. ; Webster's paddock cattle, 27 bullocks, averaged £011s. Id. ; do., 19 cows, averaged £6 16s. Cd. ¡Clark's paddock eattlo, Westorn Port, 66bullock«, averaged £417s. Od. ; do,, 24 cows, good, averaged £5 9s. 7d. ; Castolla's cows, 44 hoad, averaged £810s." HOBSB MARKET. Thero is a fair dornend for good serviceable stock, but tho supply of this description Is light, and the market consequently remains inactive. Medium draught horses, light harness, and haoks, aro in fair inquiry, but tho higher priced stock aro not In muci demand. Quotations aro-Hacks, £15 to £80 ; har- ness, £12 to £40 ; draught stock, £26 to £00. No sales of blood stock roported. LABOUR MARKET. Tho market is, as usual at this season of the yoar, dull, and inquiry verylimitod. For agricultural and pastoral labour thoro is scarcely any domand la town, and tor malo domestics inquiry continues trivial. Married couplos for country service aro Btlll but little sought altor, and thoso with yonng families aro In no request. Thoroughly competent fomalo servants, with good references, aro almost the only class in inquiry; thoso unaccustomed to household work or suited only for farms, still find difficulty In obtain- ing situations, lho same rates of wages ore ho wovor required, and may bo quoted as follows ¡-Marriott couples, with families, £60 to £05 per annum; without children, £05 to £70 do. ; gardeners, £60 do, ; grooms, 18s. to 20s. per weeli; shopherds, £80 per year; hut-keopors, £20 to £25 do. ; general farm servants, 15s. per wook ; ploughmen, 20s, do. ; bullock drivers on road, 20s. do. ; do. on farms and stations, 16s. do. ; men cooks, for farms and sta- tions, 20s. to 25s. do, ; cookB, for hotels, from £110s. to £2 do. ; female cooks, from £40 to £60 per year ; general servants, £25 to £80 do, ; nursemaids, £10 to £25 do. ; laundresses, £80 to £36 do. ; housemaids, £26 to £80 do. ; parlourmaids, £26 to £80 do. ; car- penters, 10s. to 11s. a-day ; masons, brlcklayors, black- smiths, 10s. to 12s. do. ; piek-and-shovel mon, 5s. to 6J. do. ; cartera and store labourors, 86s. to 40B. o-weok ; quarrymen, 8B. to 9s. per day ; fencers, 2s. 8d. to 2s, 6d. a rod ; splitting posts and rails, 20s. to 80s. por 100. Tho following aro the rates of wages paying on tho Government lines of railway:-Labourers, 6s. per day ; smiths and fitters, 8s. to 10s. ; carpenters and wheelwrights, 8s, to 10s, ; platelayore, 6s, ; quarrymen, Ci. to 7s. : gangers, in large cutting, 10s. ; masons, I entirely by piecework:, but about equal to 10s. por day ; stonebroakers, 8s. per yard ; quarrying for ballast or road metal, Is. 0d. to 2s. per cubic yard. SEAMEN'S WAGES. Bates continuo to rulo at £4 per month for all . oy ages. Thoro IB a steady demand for able hands ; but the supply being equil to requirements, prices aro not likely to undergo any advance. CARTAGE. Prices are still vory unsettled. Tbo quantity of loading olTorlng for tho country districts has lately been comparatively light, and off the metalled roads teamsters oro seeking bighor ptlcCB. Bates dopond entirely on tho quantity and naturo of tho loading and the destination of the goods, and, beingontircly subject I to arrangement, no correct scaio of prices can be given. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. 27ie irgul Office, Wednesday Evoning. The markots for imported goods havo, during- tho post month, remained in tho inactivo condition reported loet month. Business generally has been ex- ceedingly dull, whilst tho announcement of increaso 1 shipments from the homo markets appears to havo dispirited holders of goods. This, coupled with the failures of houses connected with the country demand, bis rendered our market very heavy. Want of con- fidence has Increased, and holders appear un- willing to part with tiiclr goods on any term of credit. lho revival of immigration In afowmonthi Will doubtless havo a beneficial effect, and the result ol' the eenonl election as regards freo trade or protec- tion will alio have its effect either for gocd or for evil . but so long as shipments continuo to be made with' such an utter disregard of tlio amount of our require- ments thoro 1» but littlo chance of amended pricoi or brick markets. Tho few changos that have taken place In prices will be found In detail bolow. Ale in hulk ii in lessened Inquiry, and prices declin- ing, £8 10s. por hhd. being about the highest prico obtainable for best brands. Bottled is in very quiet demand. Bottled stout is In better Inquiry, and prices -rat. The following aro quotations :-Ale.-Bats's No 8, now, £810s. to £812s. Od. ; old, £710s. ; Allsopp's rew, £8 6?.; other Burton brewers', 17 per hhd . | Joulc's8tone,£85«.;Tcnnont's,£7ie.perhhd ¡Byass'«' boUlediOs. Od. ; othor,"bottlers', Os. Od. to 10s. Stout Best brands, £010?. to £7 ; othor browem', £0 10». per hhd. ; bottled, Byais'e, 10B. Od. ; Allcopp's, bottled by Friend, quarts, 10s. ; pinta, 6s. to 6a. 8d. ; other lottloiB', 0a. to 10s. per dozon ; Barclay's porter, tcttled by Friend, quarts, 10s, Od. to 10s. Od, ; pint», nene In market. BagB and Sacks -Inquiry for Books is dull. Smxll lots have been moved off ut 11s. 0d" but holders gene- rally aro seeking 12?. par dozon. Woolpacks, in tho ioco cf heavy suppllos on tho way, oro hardly BO Arm, rid 4s. may bo quoted as Iho ruling prico of heavy vi eights. Butter is In stoady demand, but notwithstanding tbo reduced amount of Bhlpmonts,prices oro unaltered. 2Lo supply of colonial mado is increasing, which lends of comeo to lesson tbo value ot imported sorts, ltd. to lOid. continues about the Belling prico of r cwly landed parcels of douhlo roso Cork. Candles aro giving way In price, the largo paroo's that have arrived pressing on the market, and fears Icing entertained that tho heavy shipments mado vi ill, on arrival, quito glut tbo markot. Quotations »re:-Hova stéarine», is. Ed. ; do. composite, lid. to Jp.; Belmont eporni, la. 3d.; Oglehy's, Is. 3d.; Unies', la. 8d. Coals -A plontiful supply of colonial coola having ccmo to hand, the markot Ia well supplied, and prlcea iro easior. Hewcastlo (colonial) are proourablo ou the wharf at 82». 01 per ton. Confectionery.-Demand ia vory Black, and not above ltd. per lb. is obtainable for small pareóla of assorted lCltB. Cordage-Thero is but little chango to remark In sitíeles undor tbla hoad. Manilla rope Is In request, ti d baa rather advanced In prico for assorted slzos. ¡.earning twino coutinueB in fair demand, and, tho upply Doing very light, quotod prices nro well sus- tained. Pricoa aro:-Europe, unsaleable; Russian, £40 ; coir, £80 to £35 ; Manilla (assorted slzos), £&j; ver ton ; shop twine, lOd. ; sowing, 13d. psr lb. ; 11 k um, £80 to £36 per ton. Drugs, Sec-Soda cr] atula and ash aro alike In dull do lxend, and sales at quotod rates aro difficult to clfect. Co-tor oil in bulk is still scarce, hut as considerable I orcéis aro on the way, prices aro hardly ULoly to b luitalncd. Sulphur Hour remains dull at quoted 1 rices. Opium has declined in price, owing to arrivals ; F atna Is quoted at from £270 to £800 per chest, with but littlo inquiry ; proparod sells at from 36s. to 88s. ter canister. Soda erjstahl aro quoted at £0; ash at ficm £1810s. to 14s, ; caustic sod«at £22; sulphur l'íur at £20 per ton. Earthonwaro, in suitablo assortments, Is In rather nero inquiry, but tho market Is still very doprcBsed. Fish.-White herrings, in firkins, aro inquired for; but for other descriptions of fish thero ia to demand, and wero Bales practicablo oven at quotations, coniidevablo loss to the shippers would be entailed. Primo quality of Ung only Is saleable, and Hat at not above 4d. to 4¿d. per lb. ; whlto herrings, in bikini, Ila, ; in tina, 0a. to 6a Od. ; red herrings, in gcod condition, 17s. to 18s. per dozon tins. Flour and Grain.-The flour market has been and continues In r.n uuseltlod position, tho difficulty of e crrectly ascertaining tho oxtent of our owu supplies, rnd tho uncertainty na to arrlvala from foroign porto, deter operations, and talos are confined to trade pur- chases for inimedinto use. Wheat Is in but littlo in- quiry, and prices rather oasior. Oats aro lu steady do ti and, and bnd assumed an improved appearance withlu tho last few days, nowover, pricee have beon less urra, r.i d quotations cm barely be obtained, as, although ike shipments from the home market appear tom I j oiarily to Lavo ceased, tho supplies from Taimanla ? re coming to hand frooly. The arrivals of malt, and ti e announcement of largo supplies on the way, have Iisd a depressing cil'oct on prices, and sales aro lcsi ! lcndily made tluii of lato evonnt cosier prices, 0a. Od. ! to 10s. per bushol being tho highest figuro procurable for good samples. Quotations aro :-Flour-Tos n-snian, £1510s. to £1515s.; Adelaide, £16 to £10 .5s.; supotflno, £17; American, 42a. per barrol. Earley- English, Os. to 0a. Cd. ; Cape, 6a. per bushol. Oats-Scotch and Irhh, 8s. 10J. to 4s. ; Californian, ÍB. lid. to 4a.; Calcutta, 8a. lOd. to 4a.; Danish, 8s. lOd. to 4s. ; colonial, of good colour and quality, from 4s. 4d. to 4B. od. per bushel. Mftlzo, £s. per bushol. Gram, £1210s. per ton. Dried Fruits.-Thoro ia, at longtb, como slight Im- provement to roport. Currants appear to bo gottlng e. careo, and oro Inbettcrinqulry.RalilnsaroalsoIn better request, and as our fresh fruit season is passed, an im irovcmcnt, particularly in dessert sorts, may ftlrly bo leaked for. Quotations are-Almonds, Jordan, la. Id. ; (oft-shell, Od. ; curmnta (fatras), 4d, to i}'\\. ; raisins -Muscatela (layers), 0d. to 7d. ; Cape, 6il. to Od. ; French plums (bottlos), 8tl. to lOd. ; figs, 4>>d. to Od ; Barcelona nuts, id. to 6d. ; dried apples (American), Eid. to 4Jd. per lb. Glassworo, of suitablo atEortnients, Is in more in- quiry, and for invoices of this description a fair advance any be obtained. Hardware and Ironmongery of all descriptions re- main very dull, and prices show no symptoms of Im- provement, tho prices of these goods as well aa bolloware Doing almost nominal. Groceries.-In teas thero la no alteration to remark ; docks havo accumulated heavily, and tho trado pur- chasing only for Immediate, use, prices are easier. Ccfl'co ia in good demand, and stocks having worked low, and no prospect of any cnpply of lmportauco coming to hand, ratos are weil auataincd, with every likelihood of an advance Sugars aro generally out of importers' hands, and tho ttado being but lightly stocked, high pricoa aro demanded and obtained for I he low lots offering, and until tho market Is better supplied, no declino on proaont quotations can bs locked for, the Refining Company bolng tho only 1 elders of direct shipments. Klee has improved in inquiry, and an amended prico has been obtained. Arrivals havo boon mrderato, and stocks havo con- siderably worked off. Sales of Foina are reported at £17 l61, por ton. Quotations are :-Teas (duty paid) -Congou, good ordinary to lino, £S to £10 por chest; Inferior to ordinary, £6 to £7 per cheat ; hysonskln, £6 per chest; gunpowder, 8'. to 39.3d.; imperial, 2s. Gd. to 8s. ; hyson, 2s. Da. ; orango pekoe, scented, 2p. Od. to 2B. Od. per lb. Ooflbe (in bond)-Ooylon plantation, 1B ; nativo, lOd. ; Manilla, 0d. to OJd. per fb. Sugar- Coasiporo, Mo. I, 64a to 65s. ; Mauritius, low to Uno yollow, 41s. to 47s ; low to fine brown, 80".. to 42B, Od. Bice, Potna, now, 17B. Od. to 17a. Od. per cwt. Metals.-Corrugated Iron Is In Improved Inquiry, nnd stooki oro reducing. Wo cannot, howevnr, report any Improvement in price« as yot, although holders aro finn, In expectation of an advance, -»lain gal- vanized Iron Is not in much demand. Birandrod Iron aro Baloablu at quotations, Of black wiro the market Is boro and tho inquiry considerable Shoot lead IB v cry dull of sale Lead shot of tho heavier numbers is scarce and readily saleable ; the lighter numbers aro, however, plontiful. Zlno has been moro frooly sup- plied, and prices aro hardly so firm. Quotation» aro OB follow:-Merewood'« patont corrugated galvanized tinned, 24 and 20 gauges, £80 per ton; More wood's corrugated galvanizod, Ko. 2, or untlnnod, £84 do. ; Tuppei'a do., £34 do. ; Hamilton's or othor English maker',), £32 de: Scotch, £30 to £31 do.; brands, BDH, £1110s. do. ; do., Scotch, £10 do.; pUto £14 de ; sheet oaaortod, £15 do. ; angle and T, £11 do. ; hoon, £12 do. ; pig, £4 10». do. ; Swedish, no talo. Load-Pipe, assorted sizes, £28 to £29 do, ; bhcot, milled, assorted, £25 10B. do. ; shot, assorted, £34 do. Quicksilver, 2s. 8d. per lb. Stool- BllBtor, £2 6s. per ewt. ; cast, £210a. do. Tin-Block, Is. Od. to Is. Od. por lb ; plates, charcoal, IO, plates, char- coal, IX, 26 per cent, advance. Wire- Fonolug, black, £15 per ton ; galvanized, Kos. 1 to 5, £18 do. Zinc-Boiled, light, £33 do,! do. nails, £2 8s. to £2 10s. per cwt. Hops.-Inquiry Is easier, and prices show a down- ward tendency. Bett samples or Kent and Sussex are not saleable at abovo Is. Od. to Is. lOd. per lb. Oilmen's Stores.-Tho demand during the month has boon vory light, and with the advices of the heavy renewed shipments, prices incline downwards. Quo- tations aro :-Bluo, thumb, 18d. nor lb. ; currie powder, quarts, 13a. to 14a. por dozen ; fruit», bottled, quarts. 10a. Od. do. ; jams and jolitos, lib, tins, 11B. do, ; lobsters, lib. tins, American, 8s. Od, do. ; macaron), 7_d. por lb. ; vermicelli, whlto, Naploa and Qonoa, Od. do.; mustard, in bulk, Ko. 2, SJd. do. ; do., in lib. bottles, I3s. por dozen ; do., in Jib. bottles, 8». do ; oatmeal, £19 per ton ; oysters, proserved, lib. tins, 14s. per dozon; do., 21b. Una, 17B. to £1 do.; pickles, quarts, 10s. to Hs. Od, do. ; do, pints, 9s. do. ; prosorvod meats, 21b. tins, wanted ; salad oil, pints, 14B. Gd. por dozon ; do, half-pints, 10s. do ; salmon, proserved, lib. tins, 10s, do.; sordines, halves, 10s. Od. do. ; do,, quarters, 0s. do.; saúcos, assorted, half-pints, 8s. do.; do Worcestershire (Lea and Perrins'), 12a. to 12B. Od. do. ; starch (Column's), Od. per lb. ; vinegar, brown (Champion's 21), Is. lOd. per gallon ; do., concentrate-1, quarts, 9a. to 10B. per dozon ; whlto wine, la. Cd. to Is. !)d. por gallon. Oils, Paints, &e.-Turpentine; has boon in specula- tive inquiry, and ia consequently advancing. Oils havo boon in fair inquiry, but prices still rule vory low. Salos of Chlncso havo beon mado at 4s. 7Jd. Fíleos are :-Linseed oil (raw), 8s. 7d.; boiled, 8j. Od. ; colza, EB,; Chinóse, 4a, 8d. to 0s.; turpentine, 6.. per gallon. Whitelead, best, 88s. ; rod lead, 82s. pet cwt. The provision market Is dull. Hams aud bacon havo come to hand moro frooly, and prices aro, In tho absonco of any brisk inquiry, rathor oasior. Cheese Ia also better supplied, and sales chiefly confined to parcels of prime quality and condition. Tho following; aio market ratea : Provisions.-Bacon-Varty's, lid. to 12d.; Sin clalr's, 12d, tol2_d. ; CoinptonV, 12d. Hams-Varey'a, 18}d. ; Binelalr's, 13d.; Ouraborland, 12d.; Westphalia! 713\. toBd. per lb. Checso-Double Gloucester,Is. 2d.; Wiltshire, Is. lid. to Is. 2d. ; Cheshire, Is. 2Jd. ; Gouda, 7Jd. to 8d. per lb. Fork- Irish mess, £5 per barrel; beef, £6 per tierce. Powdor.-The market continues to bo fully supplied, and for good bla.tuig aorta not abovo 7Jd. ia procur- able, whilst with tho prospect of coming parcels prices aro scarcely looked to bo sustained. Tho heavy shipments of salt advised have had con ildcrablo influença cn tho market, and prices havo declined to £7 for Uno to £710s. per ten for coarse. Bock ealt continues -caree, and Is still quoted at from £10 to £11 per ton. Bpliits.-The advices by the last mail ol tho ad. vanees in tho prices of brandies In the homo market have as yet had no porceptlblo effect hero, and not- withstanding that our stacks of best brands aro de- creasing, prices continuo on the decline, Geneva has been In very brisk demand, but tho lato heavy -irivoli have had their influenco on the trarkot, aud parcels aro offering at easier rates. Good whiskey both in bulk and case la in rather moro inquiry. Bum and old tom remain without improvement. Quotations are :-(In bond)-Brandy, Martoll's dark, 10a.3d. per gallon; Hcnnessy's do,, 10s, do.; pole, 12s. Od. ; Otard's, 0-, 6d. do. ; u.V. Proprietors' do., 0a. Od. do.; Champagne Vineyard Proprletout* Company's do., palo, Us. do. ; Vlnosroworj', 10s. Od. do. ; other brand] do., El. to 8«, do, ; palo, MartcU's, 12a. Od. do. ; do., do., or Hennessy'«, S5a. per dozon cato ; do,, TJ. V. Proprietors', 20a. do ; Yinegrowera', 24a. do ; OhampBguo Vineyard Pro- prietors' Company's, 23s, do. ; Mouzeau's, 20s. do. Geneva-JDK_ or key brand, 10s. 6d. por 4-gallon CESO ; do., do, Os. Od. per half-cose ; do., other brands, 10s. to 13s, per cato. Gin-London old tom, boat lia-dB, 2s. Gd. per gallon ; do., do, 13a. Cd. per ¿ezen. Rum-East India, 20 to 39 o.p" Is Gd. to 24. 8d. per gallon ; Weet India, IO to 12 o p., Is. Gd. do. ; de, £0 to 30 o.p., Sa. Od. do. Whlskcy- Irlsh, M-ban's, 4B. Od. do. ; Scotch, best, 4s. Od. do. ; do., ' best brands, 12s. per dozen caao. limber.-The trade soom vory chary of purcbastqg' to any extent, the largo shipments expected Inducing; tho belief that lower prices will ensue. Tho cargo of tho Danube, from Gottenberg, has been placed, but at what figures has not transpired. Tho heavy air, vals of flooring boards arriving In damaged condition, and leiiig forced on the market, havo caused a reduction in prices of sound descriptions. Prices are quoted as follows :-Oregon, £8 10s. to £010s. por 1,000 feet Ceder-Logs, 22a. to 25a. per 100 foot; boards, 1-Inch and upw ords, C.d. to 4d. per foot super. Lumber and Shelving, £13 per 1,000 feet. D nU-Ttrd, 9x8,53d. to 5gd. per foot ; 11 x 8, 7Jd. to 8d. do Scotch pre Sared flooring, 6x1}. Hd.'per foot ; 0 x " l£d. do. ; x 3, If do. ; 8 x J, lid. do. Fitch or hard pine, 1-Inch., £15 per 1,000 feet; li inch., £10 do. Clear¡ pine, 1-inch, £19 to £20 per 1,000 feet. Tobacco.-Thero has been a rather Improvod Inquiry ! tinco the arrival of the mall, in consequence of the; unsettled state of the tobacco-producing states ofj America, and holders aro decle'edly firmer and seeking better prices. Speculative transactions have not, how-, iver, been extensive, and tho following aro about the entrent rates:-Tobacco.-Cigars (in bond)-Havan- nah, real, per 1,000, £11 to £1% ; imitation do., do.,! £8 to £10 ; Manilla cheroots, No. 2, do., £2 to £2 6s. ; No. 2, Havannah shape, do, £2 7s. to £2 8s. To-! bacco-Barratt's anchor brand, per lb., Is. 8d. to _i. Sd. ; do., crown do., do., Is. 6d. to Is. 6d. ; eagle, da. do,, If. 4d. ; honeydew, 201b. boxes, halt-lb. lumps,) Sd. to Is. do. ; do. 8's, 8d. to lOd. ; Eerr's brand, Is. tal Is. 2d. ; sheepwash, 2d. to 4d. per lb. In wines there bas been vory little business doing,! and with the exception of a few sales of small parcels cf ports, business has been almost at a Btand still. IMPORTS At the Port of Melbourne during the half-year! ended 30th June, 1861, compared with the] corresponding period of 1860. Values. Quantities, 1800. 1801. 1860. 1801. Agricultural im- £ £ plements Alkali-Soda, tons 11,162 11,849 17,626 6,670 1,133 m Apparel and slops 808,074 201,780 . Ammunition Fuse 6,806 4,618 - mm Powder., 62,045 28,958 -. MP Shot, tons 2,646 621 80 l8 Arms Onus and pistols Arrowroot, lb. .. 4,099 11,082 - «_, 8,848 900 111,082 81,420 Asphalte, touB .. 806 120 81 20 Bags and sacks .. 85,928 15,820 - Bark, tons 1,142 905 00 "io Beer Bottled.. 140,211 77,618 mm mm Draught 168,080 63,539 ._ mm Biscuit, tons Blankets andwool 4,404 1,760 61 19 leni .. 186,200 67,781 - ._ Beats 100 600 Books 48,790 40,711 - mm Boots and shoos.. 849,177 262,9(8 _ M Bran, bushels .. Bricks Bath .. 17,027 18,056 106,485 200,277 107 162 _ mm Building, No. .. 1,952 1,885 820,648 187,411 Brushwaro 14,162 10,210 Building motorlols 26,148 8,496 - M Butter, tons 222,435 124,411 1,064 1,805 Cabbage-tree 272 110 Candles, tons .. 119,924 155,836 916 Í253 Candlewlck 1,464 1,261 - Canvas 9,508 3,888 - mm Carpeting 8,041 1,014 - Mi Carriages, carts, &c.; 24,909 30,646 mm M Casks, empty .. 88 20 - mm Cement, tons 14,134 4,310 1,832 SU Cheese, do. 62,800 84,040 616 283 Chicory .. 10,189 6,545 - Chinawaro 6,872 1,860 Cider 9,030 417 _. w Coals, tons 62,887 84,908 84,164 45.670 Cocoa and choco- late, lb. 6,047 502 186,690 0.787 Cocoanut fibre, tons .. 1,106 205 86 9 Coffee 28,003 48,821 _. Coke andmcl, tons 14,202 602 2,150 "Ï25 Confcctionory .. 8,045 6,068 - Copper, tons 88,780 101,965 879 liai» Copper ore, do, .. 68,310 62,240 ¡2,467 2,203 Coppcrwaro ,. Cordage, tons .. 2,852 2,202 18,036 18,830 600 "soi Corks 6,420 4,786 -. Cottons 69,021 80,240 _ mm Cotton waste 1,634 688 - mm Cutlery .. 12,290 4,121 -. mm Drapery 882,037 711,010 - mm Drugs 43,333 43,404 - mm Druggists'waro .. Earthcnwuro 6,916 6,247 - M 20,646 18,092 - mm, Eggs 6,194 5,711 Fancy goods 19,519 10,048 - mm Felt 267 216 Fish Fresh .. 864 646 _. mmn Prcsorvcd .. 82,803 £0,716 - mm-. Salted, tons .. 18,818 12,870 652 317 Flax, do. 809 12 Flour, do. Fruit Bottled .. 215,680 219,827 9,950 1¿¡S0 6,589 712 _. Dried, tons .. 60,042 24,638 1,416 ess Green, bushols 76,029 69,606 114,010 128.035 Furnlturo and up- holstery .. 65,281 25,045 - ^. Furs _ 435 494 Class Bottles .. 1,850 1,402 M m_^ Plate .. 0,713 1,947 Window 6,115 2,016 __ tmw) Glasswaro 22,494 22,012 - ft__ Gluo 995 116 Gold leaf .. 600 216 _ fc_B Grain Barley, bushols. 1,617 2,108 c.asi 7,815 Beans & peas, do 427 724 1,277 1.421 Gram, tons . 2,814 2,830 208 289 Maive, bushels.. 81,095 10,763 147,590 67.170 Malt, do. 62,786 60,780 01,709 90,021 Oats, do. 03,900 61,291 440,378 301,007 Bice, tons 80,204 08,105 4,991 0,783 Wheat, buBhols 63,583 74,029 162,006 104,001 Grindery .. 1,137 6,396 _. Grindstones 282 160 _ ,__ Guano, tons - 4,350 _. 700 Gum, do. 45 181 2 0 Haberdashery .. 43,300 24,316 Hair, tons.. 2,809 1,670 ~28 13 Hardwaro and Ironmongery .. 290,730 94,093 _. .mm Hats and caps .. 82,251 26,464 - .ta- Hay, tons.. 856 894 61 in Hides, No.. 807 629 60S 1,054 Hollowaro .. 7,200 4,611 Honey, lb.. 003 057 16,516 16,001 Hops, do. 11,791 17,246 272,188 200,228 Hosiery 46,472 20,124 Indiarubbcr goods 0,668 1,153 - *M Instruments Musical.. .. 18,446 8,830 ._ *m> Sclontlflo 6,824 5,126 M_ _^ Iren, tons 208,838 70,800 14,829 BfiU Jewollory 40,010 28,004 ?_, Lead, tons 12,957 8,263 401 200 Lcathor, cwt. .. 4,308 8,639 80 lo Leathorworo 8,708 8,428 Linen 8,003 2.00B ._ lamj Live stock Horn, eattlo, No. 2,810 1,190 26 20 Horsos, do. .. 37,341 10,920 722 250 PlgB, do. 2,074 106 769 140 Poultry.. 80B 248 Sheep, No. 1,007 Í.073 147 712 Asses, do. 6 840 1 5 Birds .. 6 25 Zebra, No. 25 1 ?-. Dogs, do. 81 6 Hares, do. 6 - 2 ^ Deer, do. 120 _, 0 mm Machinery .. 126,058 70,270 mm Marble .. 3,870 l8 Matches and vestas 25,287 11,832 mm mm Mats and rugs .. 8,936 2,294 _» mm Meal Corn, tons 72 884 8 3 Oat, do. 7,472 355 870 14 Metal Yellow, tons .. 1.607 2,848 ,_, 32 Millinery.. 24,983 0,186 - Molasses 090 10 Nails and screws, tons .. 40,234 15,191 1,292 ÍQÍ Naptha and carn phlno, gals. .. 4,062 1,674 18,778 5,830 Nets 100 763 NutB 0,107 8,270 _, ^ Oats 906 Oil Black, gals. .. 850 - 2,590 mm Cocoamit.do. .. - 834 0,847 19,110 Colza, do. 12,623 5,044 46.748 Kerosene, do... 4,844 16,873 0,452 ¿,124 Linseed, do. .. 6,478 1,850 82,000 Olivo, do. 2,396 2,028 8,181 Sperm, do. .. TJndcscribcd,do. 2,686 60 7,934 100 82,827 44,280 185,998 167,713 Oilcloth .. 2,064 1,200 Oilmen's stores .. 101,196 74,089 _ mm Onions, tons .. '2,971 824 114 SI Opium .. 82,947 85,064 Paintings and on gravlngs ., 7.409 1,967 _. Mai Points, &c.; 16,091 7,037 Fapcrhangings .. 21,716 7,793 _. ^ Perfumory .. 2,427 1,707 »_ ^_ Photographie goods 2,953 1,600 mm, Pipes-Tobacco .. 8,978 8,702 ___ Pitch, tar, «to. .. 4,471 646 r-m¡ Plants and seods.. 11,874 5,769 _. fmm. Plato and plated woro .. ... 13,851 0,049 _, Plumbors' ware .. 8,209 1,200 amt Potatoes, tons .. 20,198 6,864 _I7o7 1,132 Preserves.. .. 16,065 12,690 Printing materials 7,451 , »il« ^ Provisions Preserved 9,9» 17,806 ._ Salted, tons .. 111,870 -80,805 1,210 S7Í Quicksilver 14,407 1 11,474 Ballway material: 126,736 187,406 mam Besln 8,100 2,004 ^ Saddlery .. 82,844 26,286 >._ Sago, lb. Salt, tons.. 6,684 '38 416,088 3,470 17,72a 14,474 3,616 2,031 Eblpohandlory . 4,036 1,144 Silks 80,01(1 20,118 . Skins 376 665 Slabs D2Í _ -. Elates, No. 18,140 8,700 1,201,14c 285,200 Soap, tons.. 7,084 8,701 101 115 Specie 185,491 300,820 - Specimens of Na tural Hlstoiy . 1,687 218 «?._ Spices 0,526 8,891! - mmm Spirits Brandy.. 185,640 88.000 . - M. Cordials 2,506 278 - mmm Gin 68,080 31,300 - mmm, Of wine.. 228 63C «,. Perfumed 4,760 2,20] ___ Bum .. 28,906 6,631 m-^ Whlskoy 26,480 8,070 - mmm Undcscribed . 10,t0£ 10,057 mmm. Sponge .. Starch and blue . 814 6,667 76C 4,81! 1 - 22 Stationery 111,760 61,7S< % - "_, Steel, tens . 13,914 4,or 27f 07 Btono Building, tons. 2,0« 6.21Í ) 43Í 1,505 uni .. 45 121 ) - Paving.. 4,621 8tH ) - mm Stonowaro . 1,78 ) 09 3 - .M Sugar Tallow, tons . 817,74 l8 3 883,961 J SI J ' J 1 *~8 Tapioca .. 1,00 a 17 D - Tenta & tarpaulin s 05 J 11 0 - - Te» .. . . 201,80 0 807,17 9 - \- J - VàîueB. Quantities. 1800 1801. 1800. 1861. £ & Telegraphic mate- rials 1,878 Timber Deals, No. 03,210 4,070 185,438 14,990 Laths, bundles.. 001 1,811 9,712 6.787 Palings, No. .. 18,620 7,230 2,60°,856 1,2SO,703 Logs and piles, do. .. 8.478 4,022 1,002 478' Posts and rails, do. .. 1,860 717 08,7£3 22,059 Sawn, feet .. 108,036 49,173 14281747 7895950 Shingles, No. .. 10 160 25,000 159,000 Spars, do. Miscellaneous.. 183 160 163 85 0,633 6,259 - . - Tin. 7,382 6,070 \-- \-- Tinware .. 742 742 \-- _« Tobacco .. .. 184,098 114,054 \-- - Cigars .. ,. 84,794 21,877 \-- - Snuff .. 174 80 Tobacconists' ware 2,629 786 -. _ Toolsand utensils 21,044 15,877 - - Toys and turnery 8,878 1,406 - - Turpontlno ana varnish, gals. .. Twino ana thread, 7,401 2,822 23,630 0,172 tons .. 2,870 492 27 4 Vegetables, tons.. 612 7 fib 2 Vinegar, gals. .. Watch esandelocks 4,802 4,820 48,630 68,070 20,002 18,460 - - Whiting, tons .. 1,801 600 851 OS Wickerware . ? 1,059 l61 Wlno .. .. 113,810 120,104 - - Woodenware .. 13,796 4,016 - Wool, lb. 20,265 60,092 846,286 062,249 Zinc, tons.. .. 0,122 1,495 180 47 Miscellaneous . ? 17,707 1 17,698 - EXPORTS. Agricultural Im- plements ¿Utan-Soda, tons Apparel and slops' Arms and ammu- nition .. Arrowroot, lb. .. Bags and sacks .. Bark, tons Beer Bottled, gals. .. Draught, do. .. Biscuit, tona i .. Black sand, do. .. Blonkots and wool- lens Boats .. Bones, tons Book Foots and shoes.. Iran, bushels .. Bricks Brushwaro Building materials] Butter, tons Candles, do. Canvas .. Carpeting.. Carrin gos, carts, &c.; Casks, empty .. Cement, tons .. Cheese, do Chicory .. Chinaware Cider Goals Cocoa and choco- late, lb. Coffee Coir fibre, tons ., Confectionery .. Copper, tons Copper oro, do. .. Copporwaro Cordago, tons . Corks .. Cottons .. Cutlery .. Drapory .. Drugs Earthonwaro Fancy gooda Felt .. ., Fish Salted, tons . Prcsorved, do.., Flax .. . Flour, tons Fruit died, tons .. Creen, bushels Fumituro Glassware Glass Bottles .. Plato .. Window Gold, ounces ..< Grain Earley, bushell Heans and poau, do. .. .. Halt, do. Oats, do. Elco, tons Wheat, bushels Grindery .. Gum Guano, toss HnberdaBhory .. Hardware and! Ironmongery Hats and caps Bay, tons.. Hides, Ko. Holloware Hops, lb. ,. Horns and hoofs Hosiery .. leo. Instruments - Musical.. Scientific Iron andstocl, tons, Jewellery,. Lead, tons Lead ore .. Leather, do. leatherware Lime, bushels Linen Live stock Cattle, No. Horses, do. Sheep, do. Machinery Marble Matches and v estas! Metal, yellow,'tODs] Heal-Oat, do. Millinery .. Miscellaneous Molasses .. Kails and gnows, tons .. Nuts Oars ., Oils, gala. Oilcloth .. Oilmen's stores .. Opium .. Faints Paintings and en- gravings Paperhangings .. Perfumery Pitohandtar .. Pipes-Tobacco .. Fiants and Beoda.. Plato and plated wnro .. Potatoes, tens .. Preserves.. Printing materials! Provision» Preserved Salted, toss .. Quicksilver Bags, tons Ballway materials Resin .. Saddlery ,. Sago, lb, .. Salt, tons.. Ship-chandlery .. Silks .... Skins Soap, tODB Specie-Gold Spelter .. - .. Spec-mensNaturalJ History _ Spices .. Spirits Brandy, gate. . Cordials, do. . Gin, do... Perfumed, do.. Rum, do. 01 wine, do. . Whiskey, do. .. TJndescribod,do. Starch and bluo Stationery Stoneware Sugar .. Tallow, tons Tea Tents and ti paulina Timber .. Tin.. .. Tlnwaro ., Tobacco .. Cigars .. Snuff .. Tobacconists'ware1 Toolsand utensils ToyB and turnery Turpentine and! varnish, gals... Twine and thread Vinegar, gals. .. Watches _ clocks1 Wine, gals, Vt'oodcnwaro Wool, lb... Zinc,tona.. 1880. £ 1,666 8S2' 17,440, 4,004 50 12,067 3,208 3,709 2,703 1521 2,267 4,183! 101 010 4,080] 20,106 1,837' 12 516 2,678 710 t76 07 815 2,075! 420 1,788 2,800] 60 919] 846 30,832: 1,002 228 82,708 47,167¡ 2181 2,840 224 1,880] 400 C5.060J 2,088¡ 412 8,786] 6 1,407 1,504 1B,S25| 2,747 CSi 6,811 2,041 86! 788 601 ¡,000,630 60] 366 2,734 4,601 8,728] 20 26 002 1,037 0,164 2,600! 1,110 01,060 219 1,282 3,710' 8611 1,208' 741 6,106] 724 821 ¿Ä8S| 1,1201 8,620 0,424 6861 861 66 700 27, 8,276 4,871 128 2,003] 437 325 8,272 8,860 Quantiti03. 1861 £ 711 670! 8,007 0,0 1,0 1,2 4,28-1 710' I,1 4,460 V 7,088] 26,590 654 183 1,247 2,721 374 0,088] 85V HO 176! 13,693 *418 65,604 89,710] 218 2,980 2,506 1,544 10,240 2,886] 24,062 6.6Î0 l18 8,871 1,481 17 762 26. 3851087 80] 0.76S 16,477] 1,010 17,696 1,001 622 86,671 172] 1,464 i,r~ 00 702 1,006: 7,048, 1,270 V" 618; 8,697 63] 7.8-61 17,836 25,018 16,226 877 002 680] 2,U8! 002 10,531, 6,011 1,844 ~807 10,684] 17,205 21 87 7,898 6,608] 867 2,804, 1003788] 16,877 270 11,870] 1 72; 100] 80,237 S5J703 1,718 826 076 211 4,806 440 8,546 14,078 8,626 247,720 179 1,017 87,217 408 8,410 78 4,847 168 4,800 037 211 8,078 16 22,869 0,042 28,294 101 8,485 827 0 48,420 1,016 40 4.67Í 761 81 154 8.704] 0,066] 1,471 709,140 679 1,080 770 8,200 102 7,010! 8,748 4451 268 280 108 000! 1,03 766] 867 2.1 2,092 Í277¡ 372 838, 1,060 207 7,2091 447, 2,640 20,227' 2,848, 804,776 180) 76 8181 48,116 1,482 0,050 114] 6,009 0 6,073 1,051 1,260 4,026 66 41,071 82,470] 80,219 188 6.877 82 8041 67,671 2,054 42] 881 2,034, 378 744: 84! 837 8,914 14.682 1,086 601,406 CEI1 104 8,106] 27,664 18,608' 081 78,632 820 86,809 28 E0.C35 1,170 15,502 E.006! 22,144] 80789231 21l 