SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Tho Ministerial crisis, whioh in our last sum- mary we anticipated 'as " averted for the I moment," by the plastioity of tho Heales Cabinet on the Budget, occurred soon after the departuro of the mail. On Thursday, tho 24th ult., the discussion took place which termi- | sated in the supposed assent of the Cabinet to the course recommended by the Assembly, namely .-the withdrawal of the Estimates, the abandon- ment of tho Ministerial scheme of taxation, and the contraction of tho expenditure within the revenus of tho year. Friday, the 25th, was given up to tho business of private members ; and on Tuesday, the 29th ult., the debato was resumed by Mr. Verdon, vi ho moved, without remark, that the IIouso re. solvo itself into a Committee of Supply. This led Mr. Duffy to ask whether Ministers had arrived at a distinct understanding with the House as to what should bo dono in committee ? Mr. Heales > in reply, endeavoured to show that the vota arrived at on a previous evening had lef; Ministers precisely in tho position in which thoy wore when the Estimates wore first brought down, üe, therefore, while withdrawing his iiiifiiieial schome, would press the Estimates, by which ho would stand or fall, believing that no revision of them would enable him to lesson their amount, whilo, at the proper time, another scheme of finance would be brought forward, by which the expenditure of the country beyond the estimated revenue of £3,000,000 would be mot with- out increased taxation. It was contonded, on tho other side, that the compact with tho House wai violated by this proposition. The Assembly held to its determination that the expenditure for tho year should bo brought within £3,000,000, and on a division-Ministers refusing to yield-their pro- position was negatived by 31 to 27. The voto was accopted as one of want of confidence j and it did not escapo notice that tho same majority -34-whioh had placed tho Heales Ministry in power had cast them out again. . The resignation of the Cabinet was announced to tho House next day-votes for salaries and wages for tho quarter having boon taken; and -no may at onco announce that, after negotiations protracted over nearly the entiro month, in which every leading member of tho House was more or less engaged (with the solitary ex- ception 'of Mr. Duffy), tho prolonged crisis terminated in tho resumption of office by Mr. Heales and his colleagues, with two ex- ceptions- Mr. J. S. Johnston having withdrawn from tho Department of Public Works, to bo .succeeded by Mr. J. M. Grant (ono of the mem- bers for the Avoca district), and Mr. Anderson having retired from tho Customs, making way for Mr. Brodie (one of tho members for the Man- durang division of tho Sandhurst district), Tho reconstructed Ministry met Parliament on the 19th inst,, when Mr. Heales announced that Ministers, in deference to the wish of tho House, nero engaged in revising tho Estimates, and that already they saw their way to a saving of £300,000 upon their former reduced scheme of expenditure. The wholo of the Estimates had not been gono over-still further savings might be possiblo-and on Tuesday, the 26th inst., he would again move tho House into Committee of Ways and Means, and make a financial state- ment. The House assented to the delay, and passed on to the business of private members. Tho history of tho " crisis," as detailed with rommcndablo brevity in tho speeches of Mr. Ebden, Mr. Michie, Dr, Evans, Mr. Haines, Mr. O'shanassy, and Mr, Heales, exhibits a state of personal rather than party feeling as existing in the House, to which must be"attributcd the de- struction of the hopo that had been generally entertained that tho or¡B¡B would ovontuate in tho formation of a strong and durable Govern- ment. That suoh a result was universally desired was admitted-that it was possible was not denied -that it could havo been brought about by a little self-abnegation on tho part of one or two lion, mombers was apparent, for the general con- fession of the leaders in theso attempts was that " tho time had not yet como"-but no hint was offered as to why tho time was still distant, or that the difficulties in the way of such a union of I bo more eminent of our publio mon avaro of other than a personal, and by no means patriotic, character. Mr. Ebden, the member for Brighton, was Grat sent for by His Excellency, and placed himself in communication with the bon. member for. Kilmore. Ile entered On tho task, however, .»¡th soiiio reluctance, and abandoned it oarly, on the ground that ho could not assure himself of commanding a majority in the House. Mr. Miohio was next nsked by nis Excellency to in- terpose his good offices-as the bon. member re- marked, not as a Oabinet-makcr, but as a, joiner -to bring hon. members together, and tho result of his labours was a second communication from His Excellency to Mr. Ebden, and a socond attempt by that hon. member-as short in its duration and as quickly abandoned as tho first. Dr. Evans was then called in, and continued his labours with some persistence for Boveral days, then to rosign the commission. Mr. Haines jioxt received a message from His Excellency, and succeeded in getting together Messrs. O'shanassy, Ebden, Nicholson, Michie, and others, to discuss the formation of a Cabinet; bat tho effort was as unsuccessful as those which pre- ceded it, the point on which the deliberation? [ broke down being who should be the head of the i Administration? It-was not confessed to the I House, but it is generally believed out of. doors, that tho failure of this attempt may | bo attributed to Mr. Ebden, whose ambition Mould be satisfied with no post under that of Chiof Secrgtary. Mr. Mitchell, M.L 0. (Postmaster-General in the Government of Mr. jinnies), was then communicated with by His Excellency, and attempted tho forme tion of a Government, of which Mr. Hainoä was to be tho head ; but this attempt tv as also a failure. In the meantime, Hts lîxcellenoy addressed a letter to Mr. O'sha- nassy, inquiring ' whother ho was prepared, for tho sake of tho > country, to pass over private differences, and undertake the formation of à Ministry.. The ¡han. member for Kilmore, - ia reply, and before undertaking the commission, re- quired the withdrawal of an expression made use of by His Excellency in a letter to Mr. Heales, dited August, I860, in which a reflection was oast i on tho manner in whioh tho power to dissolve Parliament had been used by the hon. mem- ber for Kilmore while ho held office. His Excolloncy explained, to a oertnin extent, tho expression complained of, and reminded Mr. O'shanassy that he had appealed to him on public grounds ; but the latter, replying that the ex- pression was not withdrawn, declined the commis- sion offered to him. Mr. Heales was then called upon, and resumed office with a modified Cabinet, as wo have already stated. Thus terminated the crisis, leaving the country in the hands of a weak Government, from whom little can be hoped beyond the passing of the reduced Estimates, and a tolerated oooupanoy of the Troasury benches until the time shallarrivewhontheloadersof party,now separated by personal jealousies and conflicting ambitions, shall take higher views of their duty to the country, and, waiving lesser considerations, shall unite to form that able and commanding Government which is so desirable for the welfare of the oolony. " * During the few sittings of Parliament sinoe the rc-formation of the Government, an important alteration has been made in the Officials in Par- liament Amendment Bill, by which it is proposed to altor the 5th and 12tli clauses of tho Constitu- tion Act, so as to permit tho acceptance of foo3 for services by members of Parliament, without the sacrifice of their seats. The bill has still to pass the third reading^ and the ordeal of tho Council. The Assembly has rejected the motion of Mr.i Miohie, for a reduction of .the allowance to Ministers from .£14,000 to £10,500 per annum ¡ and has ordered a call of tho House for the 1st of Mitrch, when the socond reading of the bill to reduce tho salary of tho Governor, and the bill to abolish state aid to religion, will come on for dis cuf.Mon. Il'ho Treasurer has announced that debentures to tho amount of £2,000,000 have been sent te England for sale, at a limit which has boen con itduitially communicated to tho banks. Mr. J. B. Bailey (Postmastor-Genorol in Mr. Nicholson's Government) has resigned his soai for Ballarat West, and is likely to be succeeded l>y Mr. Gillies, a miner of some notoriety in the district. Mr. Homo has resigned his seat foi ?Warrnambool (for whioh Mr.' Ireland is a can- didate). The civil Korvants of tho Crown, alarmed by the sweeping reductions in tho Estimates for salaries proposed by Ministers, and by tho uncertainty of their position, havo held meetings and taken mensúresete, have their ease fairly disoussod i duiirig tile passing of tho Estimates. ,. JChe cojony has learned,-with-regret,' b/ ,a do "spatch received by theU lia? not boon advised to as-oi't to the creation of a. Mint in this colony. It is intended by Parlia- ment again to memorialize Her Mojesty on tho subject ; and it is hoped that the decision of the, Executivo at home on this subject may bo re- versed on further consideration. Extensive commonages.-for towns, gold-fields, and farming districts, have been proclaimed, under lhe new land Act, and surveys are ac- tively proceeding, preliminary to extensive districts being placed on the market under the proa isions of the bill. The sales hitherto-so far tu Hie public aro aware-have not kept pace with proroiscs of the " Corner," or the anticipations of the' loss f-anguino friends of tho measure, whil* tho certainty that squatting is doomed to early extinction in Victoria, by the operation of the new law and tho probable action of Parliament on tho question of the renewol of the squatters.' licences, is already driving many of cur caji talula to Queensland, where inducements are offered ta persons desirous of taking up land for sheep and cattle raising purposes. Every steamer for tint "new colony, vid Sydney, carries away some old re'idents of. Victoria. Agriculture, however, makes vost strides in this colony, and importan!; districts-such as Ballarat-aro now self-sustain- ing, which, but lately, were large consumers of imported produce. Our defences-at least that portion of them that is inoluded in fortifications- aro gradually progressim?, under the able superintendence of Captain P. H. Scratohley,R,B, the fortB at the TJeads, and the batteries in Hpbson's Bay, being; »til on to completion: and it is only lo be hoped that, by tho time they_ are ready for armament, tho guns and ammunition destined for them will have arrived. At last active measures aro in progress for ,tho proper representation of Victoria in tho Interna- i tional Exhibition in London, in 1862. A sum of £10,000 has been placed on the Estimates^ to meot the incidental expenditure ; a commission has been appointed, of which Dr. Macadam is tho bon. secretary, and sums of money have been voted for the purpose of procuring spocimens of our native timber, wax models of fruit, &o.; Every effort will bs made to make as favourable a display as possible of the industrial resources of tho colony. Tho now gold-field reported by_ Mr. Howitt, ' tbo leader of one of tho prospecting parties ia Gipps Land, on the Crooked Hiver, is attracting considerable attontion. It is difficult of access, from the natural difficulties of tho country, but tho miners who havo reached it are reported a? doing well. Several large nuggets have beon -found on the old alluvial fields during the month, lind many of the quartz-reefs are now beginning to yield their golden treasures to a large extent. The effect of tho development of the reefs ia apparent in the increased quantities of gold brought down by the escorts, which for tho two months nlroady passed of the present _year, in comparison with tho corresponding period oE 18G0, amount to nearly two tons of gold. I Tho season has been singularly mild, and abundance of rain has fallen over the colony generally. Creeks usually dried up are still flowing, and waterholes usually empty at this season are well filled, while the whole country, usually parched and bare, is as green with grass as in winter. Hopes are entertained that so propi- tious a season will havo facilitated the movements of the exploring expedition under Mr. Burke. The missing party, who failed to overtake the leader with despatches, and at the date of last summary were exposed to great privation in the bush, were recovered by the party sent to their relief. The party oonsisted of Police-trooper Lyons, Macpherson (a saddler), and Dick, a na- tive. Their narrative is one of considerable in- terest. They followed the traces of the leader to a point which they estimated at four days' jour- ney to the northward of Cooper's Creek, from which they were oompolled to return, by their inability to find food or water. Mr. Burke had travelled with great rapidity, and had made no considerable halt at any of the camps which they had found. At a certain stage of his journey, Mr. Burke had buried some flour for the use of thoso who were to follow him, but the shifting sand had so covered the traces of the deposit, that even the native who accompanied the smaller party, and who had been with Mr. Barks when the flour was hidden, was unable to find it. They fell in with a party of natives, who promised to provide food for Lyons and his companion, in return for gifts promised them by the native, on his return with succour, for which he was then setting out alone. This promise the party kept. for a few days, providing waterhens and other birds, but they then deserted the white men. Macpherson, however, had observed the natives making use of a kind of meal from a plant then in seed, and induced a boy to show him the plant. Quantities of it were then gathered, and, pounding it into meal, the two men sus- tained themselves with it until the arrival of the native with help from Mr. Wright's camp, at Menindie, the setting out of which was reported last month. The men had been out in the bush for 47 days, and had started with only seven days' provisions, relying on overtaking Mr. Burke at Cooper's Creek, and finding the flour buried by him on the way. . " Tho Government of Sydnoy aro stretching a second tolegraphio wire between Sydney and Adelaide, by way of Deniliquin and the Murray, and avoiding Molbourne ; while the.- attempt to repair the Tasmanian submarine cable has boen abandoned. /? Sir James Palmer, President of the IiogisUtive Council, is about to visit England. Ho has re- ceived from the Council leave of- absence for 15 months. The Intercolonial Cricket Matoh has termi- nated once more in favour of Victoria. On this occasion the battle-ground was Sydney. The pheasants, partridges, thrushes, and larks, imported from England, are bidding fair to in- crease their numbers, the breeding season having passed successfully. A number or English song- sters are no.v at liberty in tho Botanic Gardens, on Philip Island, and in other places, and num- bers of young birds have been observed. We regret that none of the redbreasts and sparrows despatched from England have reached our shores. In another column, the latest intelligence from, the seat of war in Now Zealand will be found. It will be soon that the Waikatos, on a late ooav sion, had the courage to attack a redoubt held hy our forces, nnd, in a bold attempt to carry the redoubt by escalade, endeavoured to wrest the bayonets from the guns of the opposing force. They were defeated with considerable loss. Ft is satisfactory to know that the 57th Regiment, front Bombay, reached Taranaki on the very day of this attack, and that more troops are ordered te» the seat of war both from India and England. The foe is no despicable ono. The Decombor mail, brought from Galle by thoJeddo, reaohod Melbourne on tho 15th inst,, at an early hour. It was due here on the 10th, allowance beim; made for a day's detention ia England. Some delay occurred at Malta, and on the voyage from Suez to Gallo, while the Jedda experienced adverse gales throughout the voyage to Melbourne, and lost 11 hours by fog in King; George's Sound. The Salsette sails from Hob son's Bay early on the morning of the 24th inst., or two days earlier than usual. MR-JO'SHAXASSY AÎÏD THE GOVERÍfOB. A correspondence between Mr. O'shanassy, Mr. Chapman (Attorney-General in Mr. O'Sha nassy's last Administration), and His Excellency the Governor, has been published)'at the instance of Mr. Shanassy. Mr. Chapman writes to His; Excellency on the 27th August, 1860, quoting st passage from a letter by His Excellency to Mr, Hoales, dated a few day B previously, in reply t» an application by Mr. Heales (then engaged ia au attempt to form a Cabinet) for power to dig solvo Parliament. The passage was as follows : " Moreover, I then gavo the pledge, limited as it, was to a single definite issue, most reluctantly, and saw cause afterwards to regret the use t» whioh the power was applied." Mr. O'shanassy and Mr. Chapman, " unconscious of having dons ¡anything to justify such an imputation," asked His. Excellenoy to "furnish the grouuds for the state- ment." The Governor replied that the letter te Mr. Heales was not intended for publication, ant he had not meant it to be inferred that any other uso had been made of the pledge given to Mr.' O'shanassy than would have boen made by most) politicians ia the same oircurastancos, though a, "moro general and enduring effect "had been un- avoidably given to the pledge than he had origi- nally understood that it should boar. Dissatisfied with this reply, Mr. Chapman, for himself and hist colleague, again asked categorically, " what im-" proper or unjustifiable use of the power in quoi tion was maao." His Excellenoy answered by saying :-" A moro opon use waa made of my proiutso to dissolve than I anticipated when Í gave it, or than it appears to me it would hare een susc >p iblo of had the whole correspond- ence on the subject been known." \ Two days afterwards (31st August) Mr. Chapman returned to the charge, regretting that " a vague and indefinite imputation should appear to your Excellency distinct and implicit," and expressing unconsciousness of having misused the power to dissolve Parlia- ment. On the 3rd September His Excellency closed tho correspondence by expressing regret that anything in his letter to Mr. Hoales should " havo caused you annoyance." The lotter, ho added, was written "on the spur of the moment," and " had it occurred to mo that what I said could bo construed into so serious on imputation as you insist on deducing therefrom, I might per- haps have turned my phrase differently." On the 13th tust., on- the failure of Mr. Ebden, Dr. Evans, and Mr, Haines, to form a Ministry, His Excellency wrote to Mr. O'shanassy, stating that he had not addrosaod him earlier, as he (Mr, O'Shamvuy) had been appealed to ia rain in August and November last to form » Ministry, «no1 adding:- "1$ is from my dwfro alsnaiKi . T I neglect no chance of extricating the coua-1 tiy from the difficulties that aro thiokenlnr ¡ around her, and in the hcpe whioh I en- tertain that you will not, under Buch drouin-1 stances, allow either pubho or private objections to deprive her of your servioes, that I once moro address myself to you." In reply, Mr. 0'3hi »assy reverted" to the subject-matter of_ Mr. Chnpman's letters, and added-"I am still of opinion the paragraph complained of Bhould have been withdrawn." His Excellency replied as follows :-" The object of my communication to j ou this morning was to ascertain whether, re- gardless of private considerations, you were pre- pared to give your services to the country at the present crisis, and I should bo loath to compli- cate this issue by the disoussion of any question of minor importance." Ile added that " Captain Banoroft [his nide-do-camp] is authorized to ex- plain to you fully my sentiments on tho matter to which you havo referred." Mr. O'shanassy closed the correspondence by replying on the following day :-" Captain Bancroft has handsd me your Exoellonoy's note. Permit me to stata that it does not contain an answer to my pre- liminary inquiry, and I am therefore unable to add anything to my first communication." NEW ZEALAND. i Vid Sytlney, wo have intelligence from the seat of war up to the llth hist,, thus giving us four weeks' later news than we were enabled to for- ward by the last mail. We then published the despatch from Major-General Pratt, giving an account of his expedition of the 28th Deo , »gainst the Waikalos, whioh had resulted in the Maories being driven from a very strong position at Matarikoriko, after three days'fighting, with a loss on our Bide of 3 killed and 22 wounded, and on that of the natives of 135 killed, 70 wounded, and 15 missing. The Boanerçes had also just ar- rived from Cork, with the2nd battalion of the 14th IToot, consisting of about 500 men. Since then a further reinforcement, consisting of about 430 of the 57th Regiment, has arrived by the Castilian, from Bombay, and additional troops are also ex- pected from India and China, the 64th Regiment in particular being named. It is gratifying for its to be able to state thai our successes have lately been invariable, the natives, having boen defeated with considerable loss on several occasions, our otra casualtioj being, fortunately, comparatively few. After the capture of tho Waikato stronghold at Matari- koriko, on the 31st Deoember, no general engage- ment took place until the 23rd January, tli3 troops, however, not remaining idle, but larg) bodies of thom being employed in throwing up a series of redoubts in front of a very formidabl ) position, in which the natives, to tho number of about 2,000, had entronohed themselves, at Hui rangi. Tho redoubts wero thrown up for the purposo of approaching tho position, a very formidable one-standing on an eminence, and commanding the country for miles around, and guarded on all points. Whilst this wa» being done numerous small skirmishes took place bot« een the Maories and our troops, tho former doing overythingintheirpowertoannoythesoldiow while at their work, ana to prevent their complet- ing the redoubts. Inordertnebetter to accomplish this, tho Maories formed a number of rifle-pits, extending over n space of a mile and a quarter, ?a Mch they found of the greatest use in their skirmishes with our working parties and the mon covering them. The redoubts wero all constructed in tbo face of a very heavy firo from the enemy, ttliich, fortunately, was not well directed, or our low would have boon great. Ono of tho redoubts, which was completed on" tbo 18th January, wa3 so commanding OB to render tho natives' position almost untenable ; and tho grand assault on Ilui rangi was thorefore fixed for the 21st ult., but this was subroquontly postponed, for the purpose of throwing up auother redoubt, which was done on tbe night of the 22nd, and a double sap in a direct line commenced to the enemy's position. Tho Maorie3 having become fully awaro that the success of these operations on the part of tho British must eventuate in their being drivonfrom, lluirangi, determined to act as assailants, and to attack redoubt No. 3, whioh was the most ad vaucod, and this they did on tho night of the 2'Jrd of January. The garrison of the redoubt was under the command of Colonel Leslie, of the 40th Regiment, and consisted of 20 men of the Royal Artillery, 18 of the Royal Engineers, 201 of the 40th, and 9 of the Naval Bri- gade; in all, 341, with two guns. During the action the garrison was reinforced by 80 of the 12th Regiment, under the orders of Captain Miller, and 150 of the 12th Regiment, commanded by Captain M'Gregor. The attack commenced at half-past 3 o'clock a m. on the 23rd of January ; a storming party of the enemy having crept up through the fera nnd effected a lodgomont in tho ditch of the left face of the redoubt, and having a strong support about 100 yards in their rear, as well as a Uno oE skirmishers on all flanks of the redoubt. The plan of tho enemy appeared to be to keep donn tbo firo of our men on tho parapets by their Eupport, and by their lino of skirmishers, while iha storming party scaled the left face of the re- doubt. The British, force was under arms previous to the nttabk, and quickly replied to the firo of the enemy, who, in the most determined and desperate manner, rushed up tho sides of tli3 parapet, and m some instances seized hold of tho men's bayonets, while others crept round to the Teni- of the redoubt, and fired through the gabions which had been placed to fill up the entrances to tho work, anti one of the Royal Engineers was in this manner killed, while coming out of his tent. A perfect storm of bullets was poured upon the troops from all sides, for a considerable time; and it was therefore deemed advisable to call for assistance from Colonol Wyatt, 65th Regiment, commanding No. 1 redoubt, for the purpose of dislodging the enemy from the ditch. The regimental call of the 65th Regiment was accordingly ordered to be sounded, followed by the " advance," which signal was promptly re- sponded to by Colonel Wyatt, who detached two companies of the 65th, under Captain M'Gregor and Lieutenant Urquhart, as well as one company of the 12th, under Captain Miller. One company of the 65th crept round the front face of tho redoubt, and lined the sap at presont being thrown out in advance of the redoubt ; the other crept up the roar face. At the same time, Captain Miller was directed to charge the ditch where the enemy was lodged, but was wounded while carrying out the orders ; his company was, however, led on by Lieutenant Lowry, and it charged in a most gallant and effective manner, while the 63th, under Lieutenant Urquhart on the front, and Captain M'Gregor on the rear face, advanced and fired on the enemy, who im- mediately retired on this combined attack. A heavy fire was then kept up on the retreating Maories, by the 40th from the parapets, by the 24-poundor howitzer, under Lieutenant Mc- Naughton, Royal Artillery, and by the 8 inch gun in charge of a detachment of the Royal Naval Brigade. The enemy, completely routed, retired in great confusion, leaving their dead and wounded, to- gether ith arms and accoutrements, in our hands. They were pursued for some distance by part of the 65th and 12th, until these were re- called to the redoubt. Of the loss of the enemy it is impossible ti form an exact estimate, but it must have beet very heavy, for thoy left m the hands of th troops 36 killed, and 5 avounded. It is supposed however, that double the number must hay crept away to dio. The following is tho return o killed and wounded of the military engaged : Killed.-Liout. Denis Jackson, 40th Reji mont ; George Chubb, sapper, Royal Engineers Edward Archer, private, 12th Regiment; Ed ward Gol ray, private,-40th Regiment; WiUiau Gilbert, private, 40th Regiment. Wounded.-Captain T. E. Miller, 12th Regí ment, slightly ; Daniel Bushnell, gunner, R.A, slightly ; Patrick Cahill, private, 12th Regiment severely; Edward Power, private, 12th Regiment slightly; Henry Wakefield, private, 40th Reg ment, severely; John Mullins, private, 40t * Regiment, slightly ; John Officer, private, 40t Regiment, dangerously; James Howard, oorpt ral, 65th Regiment, dangerously ; Edward Smitt private, 65th Regiment, dangerously ; Josep \- Robertson, private, 65th Regiment, dangerously Samuel Hamilton, private, 65th Regiment; si , verely. Total-wounded, 11 ; killed, 5. < \ This defeat of the 'natives caused them 'ti .. greatest discouragement, and it was anticipati Uhat very likely peace would, be sped for. - Suo' . however, doesnot appear to be the case, for fro later information that has reached us, we leal \- that things had remained much in statu quo wai the 10th of-this'month, when General! Pra having resolved on constructing a redoubt.abo a mile in advance, of No. 6, a force consisting 1,200 of tho 12th, 14th, 40th; and 65th, wi ' engineers, advanced at daybreak; - They we immediately met by a heavy Aro from the Maori, who, boing in pits, our men were obliged to 1 down, and the working parties were covered tho fire of the Artillery, but the Rifles kept i a fire on the,enemy as fast as a sight cou be obtained of them, and tho works were coi pleted. The Maories, who occupied every lit post offering advantago for attack or conaealmei must havo Buffered severely. It is said ti 17 dead Maories were picked up, others killi and many wounded. Our casualties aro :-Kille Captain Strange, 65th Regiment. Wounde Royal Artillery-Gunner A. Hedglay, severe! Gunner J. Green, severely. 40th Regimen) Private R. Morgau, severely. 05th Regiment Private W. Daa is, severely ; Private Daa O'Hagan, sovoroly ; Private James Munro, d« gerouBly. Militia-Private S. Rändle, several* A rumour had prevailed that the Waika1 wero actually suing for peaoe, but this appa; to bo unfounded, as there is evory reason to 1 levo that the New Zealanders will still fig] Great indignation had been ocoasioned, aft "e>ntc of our last advices, by the death, of Cap Via King, of the militia, who was shot on the 85b. inst. by some of tho natives skulking about his fnim, whilst he was looking after his cattle atti the remnants of his property. THE VOLUNTEERS. The chief event in connexion with the volun- teer movement that we have to chronicle since) the date of our last summary is the artillery on- es mpmont, which lasted for a period of four days, commencing on Thursday, the 7th inst., and terminating on Sunday, the 10th. On the morning of tho 7th inst., about half-past S o'clock, tbo bugle sounded in the city and tho ¡Aarious suburbs, wherovor a company of the Royal Victoria Volunteer Artillery Regiment ia enrolled, summoning them to turn out and. proceed to the Princo's Bridge Reserve, thara to piteh their tents and make every necessary preparation for tbo four days' encampment. About 2S0 men accordingly mustered at 5 o'clock at the appointed spot, and commenesd their camp duties by pitching tho tents. These wero placed rounel a squaro, in the inside of which «ero the field- pieces, wiih everything: complete, and tho small arms were piled ia btacks before each tent. Each tent was supposed, to accommodate a dozen men, and straw WAS provided for them for couches, they finding their ovin blankets, &o.; Every morning the bugle awoke the mon at 6 o'clook, and after having got up and dressed, they were drilled till 8 o'clock, breakfast time. Aftor breakfast they wero dismissed, to enable thom to pursue their ordinary avocations,"until 5 o'clock p.m., when, they were expected to muster again, and undergo further drill, being taught all tho duties of guard-mounting night ana day, and picket and outpost duties. At sundown, as well as at sun- rise, a gun was fired, as in garrison, and no otu w as allowed to leave or enter tho camp after thai hour, except by means of a pass. At half-pas'; 10 o'clock all lights wero put out, and tho puoi being in total darkness everyone was suppose I to havo retired to rest. Each day a number o: the corps were told off in the morning to aot ai sentries during the day, and they stopped every person going into the camp, even in the day tim i, until ho had obtained tho permission of tho officer of tho guard to enter. After nightfall the sentries wero doubled. His Excellency visitai the camp both on Thursday and Friday, and was received with military honours, a salute of 17 guns being fired in very smart style on his ar- rival. Aftor inspecting the camp, he expressed great gratification at all the arrangements. A xrgh talarm took place on the 8th inst. At 9 p.m. a ,'un was fired as a signal, and the bugles immedi itely sounded through the camp, tho man rushing out of their tents to their proper stationl. Tho guns were at once brought into position, so ni lo defend two faces of the camp from an imaginary attack, and a well-kept-up cannonade* v as commenced, each gun firing after the other. After four or five rounds, independent firing began, and that having lasted for a short time, single firing in order veas resumed, the whole lasting for about half an hour, and in the stillnesi of the night the roar of the artillery reverberated time itftor timo amongst the numerous hills of Melbourne and the suburbs. There had bees a rumour abroad during the day that the rifle] v ero to have a night muster, and take part in a sham attack on the camp, but the report turnad out to be without foundation. As it was, tho flashes of tho guns, and the gleam from the watchiircB blazing up every now and then from a sudden gust of wind, and throwing into relief tho figures of the artillerymen in their dark uniforms and white metal-mounted belts, had a very picturesque effect, enhanced by the appear- ance of tbo visitors in other uniforms and plain clothes. During tho night parade a largo num- ber of the officers of volunteers and Her Ma- jesty's service, inoluding Colonel Pitt, Captains Hall, Burton, Pitt, Soratchley, Major Stewart, Captain Pasley, Ltout.-Colonel Anderson, and several others, «ore present, and expressed themselves highly gratified at tho alacrity of the movemonts and regularity of tho firing. On the afternoon of Satin day, the 9thinst., about 3 o'clock, tho bugle sounded to muster, and about 250 of all ranks were speedily paraded. Taking the guns and ammunition waggons outside the cam?, they brought them into position, and an almost continual firiug, cither in order, one gun after the other, or independently, was kept up for some- thing uko three hours, the men going through their exorcise in suoh a manner as to call forth maiked approval from* tho numerous visitors, of whom there wero several thousands on the ground. In addition to the artillery, a number of tho Royal Victoria Cavalry Regiment, under Lieut.-Colonel Ross, wore present, and, at a lalor period of the afternoon, some of the Mounted Rillos, with Captains Scott and Wilkie, arrived, and, forming into four troops, the whole body of cavalry dashed about over the ground, charging, retreating, covering the artillery, and goin; through almost every possible manoeuvre. The re- view, for such it might bo termed, lasted till about 6 o'clodk, when the cavalry filed off tho ground, and tho artillerymen were dismissed for the even iug. About 150 only remained in camp on Satur- day night, but nearly 300 mustered in the camp on Sunday morning, the 10th inst., at 10 o'clock, and, preoedod by the band of the Volunteer Ride Regiment, playing all the time, they marohed out of the reserve, across Prince's Bridge, up Swan- ston and Collins streets, to St. James's Ghuroh, where a sermon appropriate to the occasion was S reached. A few of tbecorps, belonging to the .oman Catholie denomination, turned off from tho main body at tho junction of Collins and Elizabeth streets, and marched up to St. Francis's Cathedral. On the return-of the artillery from church the volunteer band again accompanied them. In the afternoon, the camp was crowded by an influx of visitors, the regulations being temporarily relaxed, and every member of the corps being allowed to introduce as many friends as no pleased. Owing to the fineness of the weather, and the unusual spectacle for a Sunday, with the addition of tho volunteer band playing for a couplo of hours, the attendance in the re- serve was very large, there being probably seven or eight thousand persons present. A little before 5 o'clock, however, the camp was quietly cleared, with the exception of the artillery, and preparations were made for striking the tents. A. party of about seven men were tola off for eaon, and at the first bugle sound the tent pegs were unloosened, and all made right for taking the tents down ; at the second oall, the whole were brought to the ground, the oanvos neatly folded round the poles, tied with the ropes, and fastened i on the ammunition waggons, the whole operation being conducted in the smartest possible manner. Tho different gun detachments then seized their guns and waggonB, and dragged them down to the barracks, at the door of which a tremendous rush was made by a portion of the crowd to obtain an entrance, but without success, the gato being cleverly shut by a few of the volun- teers. The guns, &c;, having then been put in their proper places, the men were dismissed ; and thus terminated the artillery encampment, during; which not a single conireionps took place, 3 we except a oharge of insubordination preferred against ono of tho m in, who, when told off for duty, neglected to obey, and left the camp with- out permission. THE GOLD-FIELDS. Owing to various causes, the total yield of gold has been well maintained up to the present time, and tbefe is little reason now to expeot any fatl ing-off during the remainder of the year which i bas commenced so hopefully. One of these causes j is tho general abundance of water, and another ? is tho opening of an extensive new field in the northern portion of tho Pyrenees Range, the first discovery of which was announced lait month, Tho persovering efforts of the large number of miners sow scattered through these ranges have proved this field to be cf great extent, and, the sinking being mostly shallow, it offers a great resource to mea of small means, who nave collected on it to the number, at a moderate estimate, of 15,000, thereby relieving all the older diggings in that side of the oountry of the many idlers, shut oat from the likely spots, and waiting on chance for an opening. Already several leads or deposits of gold, some of these miles apart, have been struck m this newfield, and, although peopled so largely thus quickly, there is plenty of room for all, and so widely spread are tho auriferous in- dications that there is little doubt of the dig- gings in this tract of country being yet greatly extended ; and the ground yet opened has the advantage, from ono point of view, of being well calculated to afford a speedy return to a majority of the men at work upon it, Uio gold being found at moderate depths, and in some places in considerable quantity. These shallow diggings are never very permanent ; but on this field some of tho leads aro now being followed into deeper ground, and are there becoming rioher and better defined; and two important reefs, yielding very riohstone, have be on discovered, with the probability of thonumberof these being greatly increased as soon as the miners begin to leave the alluvial deposits, and turn their attention to the hills and ranges around. Before this will b3 done in any great degree the yield of disen- gaged gold must begin to fail, and suoh not being likely to happen for some time to oçri. the quartz veins will renjain undfafurherj for the present, except where they crop out and ara plainly auriferous at thosurface,as was the case r,lh 'ÍS*?;? ?ow beiD* worked- « "»art not be «xpected that even a small proportion of the reefs of any # district can bo Sisclosod in a few weeks ; in fact, long as nuning of this lund has been prosecuted on some of the older fie ds, never before, perhaps, were there se many discoveries of rich stone on these within » short space of time u during the£* io» weeks. And, although contrary to tho theo y deduced from the experience of other countrio», wo may safely say that this is mainly owiñj ta the greater depths to which the minors aro n-> or penetrating, with the aid of powerful steam« * engines to pump and assist them. Rich veins are accidentally struck near the sur- face, and often where little expected ; but thora are few of the main reefs that nave been worked for any length of time in which the stone do >s not become richer and greater in quantity below the water line. The superficial veins and leaders are frequently rich, but tboyBOon run out, sometimes without giving more than a merci indication of the direction or position of the main lode, which alone can be depended on for remu- nerativo returns; and as far as our experience hore goes, these steadily improve with the in- crease of depth. Work on many important reafs is now languishing because tho water level hw boen reached in most of the claims, and capital is not forthcoming" for the erection of maohinery to drain thom. The wealth is there, to bo raised in good time, but at present there aro difficulties; in the way, and not lightly to be overcome, until confidence in mining investments has been re- stored. To prove that tho decline of any field relying principally on its reefs may be only temporary, wo havo but to refer to Tarrengower. Early ia tho days of quartz-mining some of the yields», obtained there were almost fabulous, but after awhile the place and its reefs were seldom heard of, these last, however, being never abandoned Vihonevor a living was by any means to bo ob- tained from them. This was atilast tobo done only with the aid of machinery, and a couple of \\. ears sinco wo first heard of associations formed by the union of the different parties on one reef ; which associations have since incroased ia number, and are now become highly remunera- tive. Only a few days since enormously rioh quartz wasstiuck in the ground held by one of theso, tho gold being taken out in pieces estimated by-' Íiounds instead of ounces, and Tarrengower ix ast resuming its placo of pre-eminence as a gold produoing distiioi. Among the largo yields* lately obtained at Bendigo was ono lost week'of 250oz from 5 tons of stone, out of a claim oa tho Johnson Reef, A foav weeks before, two tons of stone, taken from the same olaim, at a depth of 370 feet, produced no less than l,035oz. " 7dayt. 21gr. of gold. This when retorted formad. i)iè largest cake of amalgamated gold yot turnad out an Bondigo ; and the same week, one weig'i ing C04oz., tho produce of 27 tons of stone fro m another reef, was also on view. 50 tons from a third reef yielded the same week 250oz., and othsr ( lodes and veins of rich stone have boon strtio'-c ' lately in this distriot. The largest return reporte! from the Inglewood reefs within the last month Mas one of 825oz. from 93 tons of stone ; other good parcels of stone having, however, been, crushed without the oxact yields being made known ; and this may bo said of other districts unnamed by us hore. From tho deep leads in the Ballarat district, tho usual number of large re 1 urns havo boon obtained by those parties actu- ally working in the several gutters, the largest probably having been obtained from ono of ths leads at Smythesdale. In four days 630oz. wera washed out, including a nugget of GOoz., 200oz. being tho result of one day's work that is to say, at tho puddling machine-but on these leads months, and often years, aro ex- pended before the gola is reached at all. Large nuggets have not been very numerous of lato, but a nice collection was turned out of one spot at Kingower within a very few days, consisting of a monster of 728oz., a medium- sized one of 2G0oz,, a third of 153¿oz, and a number of still smaller ones, weighing together 230oz. ; in all 1,365 joz. In other parts of the country nuggets; of moderate weight have been found, but non« worthy of special attention along with these. AGRICULTURE!. The weather is still the topio of most int. portanco in the agricultural world hero, as it wast in England at the corresponding period of the; year, and certainly the heavy and frequent rain» havo been very injurious to the crops, and thera foro highly prejudicial to the interests of the* fatmer. The grain has by this time been got in all over the country, except perhaps from a few fields in the very latest districts, but niuoh of ifc in a weather-beaten state, and no small pro poition of the wheat unfit for millers'use. A couplo of weeks since there was a very heavy full of rain over a large tract of the rich agricultural country noith of Melbourne, the raia continuing in some places for three days with little intermission, and thoroughly soaking overything exposed to its influence. So heavy was it in some portions of the country lying between tho dividing ranges and the sea coast, that the uncut corn was beaten to the ground, and even ataoks and fences were washed aaaay wherever these offered obstruction .to"' the mass of water rushing down every hollow. At the timo much wheat was in the hold, out, but unoartod, and, of course, this, was completely saturated. Owing to the impossibility of getting it quickly dried, for the atmosphoro ever sinos has been highly charged with moisture, and the» baa e boen several showers, the greater part of the wheat so exposed has sprouted in the ear, and ' very many of the samples now coming into» market will not bo looked at by the millers. These rains extended to Geelong, and much injury was dono to the crops in thaï neighbourhood, but the agricultural district* further inland escaped with little loss. The threshing machines aro now busily at work ull over the country, but where the rains have bsea . heaviest, there is a general complaint of the dif- ficulty in separating the grain from the straw, and of the inferiority of the simples. A small proportion of the early wheat crop was stacked in time, and this has escaped without moro than a slight loss of colour from the showers earlier ia tho season, and tho oats and barley have been tolerably well saved, but much of the hay is in very bad condition. Tho most promising cropï of potatoes, too, are being fast spoiled by a seooid gron th, and so will be good neither for eating nor for soca. Thus the majority of farmershavo but a poor prospect of realizing much from the produce of this year. Some of the early fruits were in- jured, and the grapes; will be late in ripening, si that tho gardeners and vineyard owners are fel- low sufferers with the farmers. Still, the mark31 is plentifully supplied with fruit of all sorts, and at such low prices that a laige quantity will b3 preserved hero this year.' In compensation for the damage done by the unseasonable rains, wa have an unusual abundance of feed for stock, the native pastures having suffered little from fire, and the English grasses and the whita clover being now as green and luxuriant a3 they would be at this period of the year in the old country. These grasses are also spreading very fast, and rising so rapidly in favour with the farmers and stock owners, that the de- mand for seed is likely to bo greater than ever, and muoh of the long-tilled and now almost un- productive land on the old farms will be laid down for pasture this autumn. For next year's grain crops, too, the ploughs will be early at work, as the soil is even now in a fit state, and thero is no question as to tho propriety of early sowing, where this is practicable. j The autumn shows of stock and produoe hare now commenced, and will occupy tho farmer'* attention in dinbiunt parts of the country for the next six weeks, when he will |hava to prepare for tho annual ploughing matohes. At _ these shows, the stock generally wdl be in good condition, and the number of exhibitors is fast increasing, but a falling ofiT must bo looked for in the quality of the produce. Kot until after tho Port Philip Society's annual grain show at the end of March can it be said A i th certainty what]kind of grain we shall have tot send to the International Exhibition at London ia 1862, whether in short we shall have any really good samples of each sort this year or not. If a» Ule trouble is taken in time to procuro the bast; there aro from tho most northern agricultural distriots of J the colony, where the summer rains, have beencomparatively light, we may have someta represent fairly our average crops, in regard t» condition at least ; but if the distriots around Mel- bourne and Geelong are depended on, suoh samples will not bo forthcoming. The farmers have not yet been applied to for contributions calculated to* obtain for the colony credit in this way, and a month or two hence it will be too late, for by that time the best grain will have been used as seed, if not Bpocially reserved for this or some other purpose J . < * Fruits coming more within the ken of the com- missioners, a sum of money has been set apart for wax models of the best specimens of this year's growth, but otherwise nothing has been done towards securing a good and adequate col lection of produce, and this should be specially attended to, in order that people at a distance may become better acquainted with the agricul- tural capabilities of the colony; and these are great, even though we have now to lament the losses accruing from one unfavourable season. THE BOTANICAL GARDENS. The Botanical Gardens, on the southern bank of the River Yarra, comprising about 150 acres of ground, have within the last two or three years been greatly extended and developed, and now contain the nucleus of a fine collection of animals, native and imported. The whole establishment, including the zoological as well as the botanical department, is under the superintendence of Dr. Ferdinand Mueller, the Government botanist, who, in the face of considerable difficulties, has succeeded in bringing it to a state of complete- ness and practical efficiency surpassed by very few institutions of a similar kind in the old world. Dr. Mueller's report for the year 1860 has just been laid before Parliament, and is an unusually interesting and entertaining document. The practical working of his de- partment is best evidenced from the fact that correspondence and, interchanges of plants and seeds have been carried on with no less than 30 establishments in different parts of the world, including the Royal Gardens at Kew, and the Botanic Gardens of Algeria, Berlin, Cape Town, Copenhagen, Madras, Paris, St. Jago, Subacrum- poor (India), and Vienna. 51,920 packages of seeds were distributed abroad and in Victoria during the year; 31,455 plants, and 36,474 cuttings, were sent, mostly to different public reserves and gardens in Victoria ; and 22 Wardian cases, filled with plants, were shipped to gardens out of the colony. The report gratefully acknow- ledges the contributions received from private hands, and especially the friendly aid of the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steam fleet, and that of various mercantile firms and commanders of ships. The nurseries in the gardens are very extensive, and are capable of almost unlimited de- velopment ; and during the year several thousand plants have been transferred from them to the gardens. Dr. Mueller notices that he has found South African and West Australian shrubs, which are, for the most part, exceedingly gay and orna- mental, particularly useful in resisting the effects of our hot winds. The New Zealand flax, which has been largely planted along the banks of the Yarra and the lagoons, is highly spoken of for its remarkable facility of growth, its plen- tiful yield, and ornamental appearance." It fur- nishcs a fibre almost as strong as silk, and may be grown in swampy localities not suitable for other culture. Plants for hedges, looked upon here as a desideratum for the enclosure of farms and gardens, have been well attended to, and experi- ments, more or less successful, have been made "with, various prickly Acacias and Hakeas, the Qsage orange, Hawthorn, Cape broom, South African ceonothus, whin, and the prickly pear. The white mulberry is also spoken of as being well adapted for the pur- pose. One of the principal objects during the late year has been to secure large quan- tities of seeds of our rapidly-growing trees, for introduction into timberless countries in simi- lar climatic zones: and supplies have already been sent to Algeria, Port Natal, the United States, and the Fiji Islands. Others are about to be forwarded to Hong Kong, and to the British Consulate at Jerusalem. Shipments of the native bluegum wood have been sent to various ports in India, where it is said the value of this tree, on account of its dimensions and durability, both in a dry and wet state, is now fully recognized. Dr. Mueller suggests that the wood may also prove valuable for ship-building purposes, and is of opinion that a renewed display of our resources in the article of timber at the forthcoming exhibition in London cannot be otherwise than beneficial to the colony. During the past year, the breadfruit tree, from the Fiji Islands, the beautiful lace-plant of Madagas- car, the Canadian blackberry, and several rare species of pines, have been introduced into the gardens, and are in a thriving state, Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of Hong Kong, has forwarded a large quantity of tea seeds, and the report augurs not unfavourably of their future cultivation and utility. Plentiful experiments have been made in the respective value of trees either deciduous or evergreen, eligible for ave enues, among which the oriental plane, as pointed out by Mr. Edward Wilson, will probably prove, according to Dr. Mueller, one of the most suit able of the deciduous class. Horse-chesnuts and walnuts have hitherto proved failures. About three acres of ground have been set apart as a special experimental garden. Here a variety of carefully-named fruit trees, presented chiefly by Messrs. Seidel, of Ceres nursery; of dye, medí cinal, and fibrous plants, vines, grasses, forage plants, &c;, will be subjected to experiments. A principal feature in the gardens is the natural class ground, where the principal hardy represen tatives of the natural orders of plants are con centrated in systematic order. Specimens of the sassafras bark from the fern tree gullies have been forwarded to Baron Liebig and Dr Wittstein for chemical analysis, and it is expected the article, which possesses valuable tonic pro perties, will become a remunerative export. The Zoological department of the gardens has ex hibited a steady progress during the year. The llamas, which were 19 in number when receivei less than two years ago, are now increased to 37 and the breed has been vastly improved by the introduction of a pure male alpaca. Two highly valuable alpacas have been received from the New South Wales Government, and the Victorian Government has favourably considered a proposi tion by Charles Ledger, Esq., to secure vicunas and pure female alpacas from South America. Arrangements have been made for obtain ing Cashmere goats and Chinese sheep, and also a selection of South African game. The introduction of the North American beaver as suggested by Mr. Embling, has not been overlooked, and an application on the subject has been made to the American Government. A number of gold and silver pheasants, curassows, ortolans, and many varieties of waterfowl, selected by Mr. Edavard Wilson, have safely ar- rived, and are doing well. Some little difficulty has arisen from a tendency exhibited by the native waterfowl to destroy the eggs of some of the imported varieties, but means have been taken to ensure the safety of the eggs by remov- ing them as soon as laid, and placing them under common hens, and much damage is not antici- pated. The menagerie now boasts of several monkeys, a crocodile, a jackal, and other ani- mals strangers in these latitudes, and intro- duced by Mr. Edward Wilson. Varieties of fowls, doves, waterbirds, hares, and a remarkable species of rabbit, have been promised by the authorities of the Zoological Garden, at Cologne, in exchange for black swans and other Aus- tralian productions. A brick reservoir, supplied with fresh- flowing river water, now contains several tench, dace, and minnows, forwarded by Mr. Wilson, none of which havo yet been seen dead. The attempts to introduce the guaramier from the Mauritius have failed, but are being re- newed, with improved methods of transmission. The introduction of the ova of the salmon has also failed hitherto, but the Zoological Committee are likely to repeat the experiment during the northern winter of 1861-2. Considerable losses have been sustained amongst the singing birds, especially on the voyage, but the birds have been liberated with success, in various localities, and have reared broods. A blackbird is now engaged in building its nest in the Botanic Gardens. The larks, thrushes, and starlings had previously done so, and the result, in the case of the blackbird, was expected with interest. The English pheasants have bred well in the gardens, and there seems to be little doubt that they will be readily acclimatised. A regular system of interchange with British and foreign zoological gardens has been commenced, and is likely to lead to very interesting results. The zoological branch of the report concludes with several hints and suggestions, which point pretty clearly towards tho formation of a Vic- torian Society of Acclimatisation, in advocacy of which a public meeting, presided over by the Governor, is to be held in Melbourne on Mon- day next. The collection has already assumed proportions which invest it with a national inte- rest and importance, and though, with some trifling exceptions, the arrangements at the Botanic Gardons have been all that could fairly be expected from the resources at the command of Dr. Mueller, upon whom they entail a vast amount of trouble and anxiety, it is yet evident that they must be looked upon more as the imperfect and praise worthy efforts of an individual than as a systematic work, worthy of the colony of Victoria, New importations are constantly arriving; the system of interchange with other countries can not now be easily stopped, and everything indi cates the rapid growth of the establishment, and the necessity of adequately providing for it. We have not space at present to do more than allude to the magnificent herbarium which is being formed under the auspices of Dr. Mueller, and which already contains nearly 160,000 botanical specimens, stored in a neat and commodious building. The herbarium is exceedingly rich in the flora of Australia, and its value and interest in the present state of botanical science cannot be over-estimated. ' *"Í«EEA.T FLOOD i IN MELBOURNE AND : : ¿ THE OOUNTRY. ¡ ; '" On the 31st of January and the following'day, \- the colony waa visited by a tremendous storm of ' l «rind and rain, tho effects of which were severely "felt all over the city and mining districts of Ben- . . «Uga, Ballarat, Creswick, and other places, aj . «ell as'in Geelong, Kilmore,' and' the parts in *he neighbourhood of Melbourne, ''.. The' rain xewlted in one of tho highest floods whioh i _ave boen experienced for several ¡ years, : and .> the destruction of property, owing partly' to '_. -ocidental causes,-was very .groat. The whole,. . , ¿west'end of tho city, bordering on the over. ' '""banks, was submerged, iii some parts ¡to tUj 'depth of three or four feet, and presented an ex- traordinary spectacle. The swamps in the imme- diate vicinity of town wero wholly under water, fcut the roads to Sandridge and St.'Kilda were ' f »ot covered, the riso; when at its maximum : point, being about 18in. lower than on the occasion of the flood which took place some weeks pravi 1 /viously. The greatest amount of damage done by . «this last storm was caused by tho rush of the 'backwater from the Saltwater River, which/about' '.' S o'clock on the morning of the 1st instant, began '^'overflow its.banks, thereby deluging, in a very, -lort space of time, tho entire flat from'the -battoirs' and the powder magazine to-'Mel . .booroo. A strong .westerly gale' sprang' up, about the same hour, and rapidly drove; the , ? -aters, which wero now fast mingling with the; i 9 AK"î!len£uïï^nt o£ tho Yarra, several feet*high.*! ' 'Keilor Bridge anet Raleigh's Punt had afreaéty teen swept away, and ¡ui immense mass of timbar ! togß, belonging to Messrs. Bright Brotnoâ, which:. «ere lying rafted in tbo Saltwater Biver, wai bora» rapidly down the river mtoHobson's Bay. Meat "i while the gasworks became insulated, the lires in tho uewretort-housewere nearly extinguished, an 1 at one time fears bogan to be entertained that tho supply of gas for the night would bo insufficient. Eveiy effort, however, was mado to avert th.9 mischief, and extra hands were set to work with the utmost promptitude, so that at night the city w.is illuminated as-nsual. Raleigh's Wharf, tin Australian Wharf, and iii fact the whole lino of v, barfs as fa* as Cole's Wharf, wera now moro or loss flooded, und at Mr. Throokmoi ton's promise i the sheds and warehouses on tho liver lun'c, which contained large quantities of avool, oats, und hides, were under water to tho depth of several feet. Some thousands of bags of oats, and hundreds of bales of wool, wero spaodily i-aturated, and from an early hour in the morning relays of drays and waggons avore em- ployed to remove the damaged goods to the upper stores and warehouses, and to other stores in dis tnnt parts of tho city. Men and horses avere at work, without resting, tho entire day, while overy precaution was taken by Mr. Throckmortaa to :iaert the further damage likely to ensuo from the anticipated swelling of tho liver at night. A lurga aaarchouse tvhioh, being on a little higher level, was still dry, aaas barricaded taith strong timbers, the soams being caulked ¡is in the deck of a vessel, and carpenters avere unployed cutting a largo well in the floor, into vahich tho na ter might fall, if it succeeded in forcing a passage into the storo, and bo the moie easily baled out. The Australian Wharf WAS uko the sceno of great confusion. Large piles of coal rose here aud there out of tho flood liko veritable " black islands," and immeiiio massa3 of timber were to bo seen floating about ia all directions. Mr. Throckmorton had a consider- able quantity carried away, and in order to pre- serve his property from further deportation, caused strong booms to be carried acioss fro-n the railway fenca to tho gasworks. AU inter courso tïith tho gasaa-orks avas carriod on by boats, or by clambeiiug with difficulty over the floating logs and across tho larger piles of timber vhich still remained nbovo tho water. The Melbourne Raccoourso was two or three feet linder water, tho Saltwater River having risen :.bout fivo feet. Great numbers of houses ou tho flats at Footsoray and in tho lieinity of t'io wharfs were partially submerged, Tho flood subsided gradually on tho 2nd and 3 d inst., and no further damage of consequence o sued. On the afternoon of tho 2nd, the secre- tary of the Melbourne Gas Company fouud it necessary to issue a circular, notifying that, ia consequence of the flood, tho manufacturo of gai li id been so impeded that it was probablo the sup . p y for the night would be very deficient, oven if it ai ere possiblo to supply gas a*, all. Upon the rjioipt of this intelligence, tho demand for kerosene lamps received an extraordinary ira patus, and preparations, which the event showed ?were necessary, aaorc made for lighting thi theatres and shops with that material. About 9 o'clock the aas, which had beon burning very dimly for some timo, was suddenly extinguished in all tho loaver parts of tho city, though a small quantity still remained in tho higher quarters, !»ucli as the EaHtorn-hill. Tho performances in tho Theatre Royal and Princess s Theatre tvont un as usual, the management of both houses having made a \irtuo of necessity, and announced a " bril- liant illumination" with kerosene. As tbo raia still coutinued to fall, though in less quantity, the aspcot of the streets was singularly gloomy and coiiforllcss. VIOLENT THUNDER-STORM. Eurly on the morning of the loth inst,, Melbourne and its vicinity woro visited by ona of the most terrific storms of thunder, light- ning, and hail, which havo occurred for sovoral years. Tho meteorological phenomena had boen of a marked and unusual character for moro than 24 hours previous to tho greatest intensity of the storm, and as the evening of the 14th closed in, tho learned in suoh matters piodioted that bt-foro many hours elapsed Home peculiar demonstration of elemental fury might be expected. From some momorauda kindly furnished us by Professor Ncumayor, we aro enabled to givo a sufficiently nccurato account of the progress of the storm. On the lath, th« mean pressure of air was 2D.753in., and the moan température of tho air 69,9. A light easterly \a ina was bloaying for tho greater part of the day. lu tho morning, and again; in the ovening, fre- quent flashes of lightning wero seen towards th) K.E., tho clectno tension of the atmosphere being at tho same time very slight. Tho tendency of the meroury to fall, observable on the 13th, vus still more noticeable on the 14th, and al- though the weather was still perfectly calm, shoitly after midnight tho barometer conimencol to fall gradually, showing only slight variations. The tomperature remained very oven throughout tho early part of the morning. Tho wind, whio'i had boon blowing gently from tho east during th3 p: eviousfow hours, at 8.30 a.m. veered to tin JV E., and blew strongly, raising clouds of dus:. The pressure of air was now 29.693, and continued to» fall until 3 o'clock in tho afternoon, talton it reached its minimum for the day, viz., 29.592. At the same time, tho wind suddenly shifted towards the NAY., a thunderstorm approached from that quarter, and rain began to descend in very large drops. During the storm the wind veered to the S.W., S., and S.E., and was light,* with occasional squalls, settling at last in tho N.K., from which quarter it blew with considerable forco at 9 o'clock in the evening. Thunder avas heard, more or less heavy, in various quarters, until Letween 5 and 6 o clock. The amount of rain that fell during this storm avas 0.376 inch. The electric tension and ozonio reaction wero very .vtenk. Tho mean pressure of tho air for tho 14th was29.648in., and the mean temperature 72.6deg. Sheet lightning lit up the horizon to tho U.E., S,,and S.E., until 11 o'olock at night, when ficquent flashes of forked lightning wore seen in the N. and N.W. Immediately after midnight on tho 13th tho sky assumed a very tkreatomug character, heavy olouds rising from evory quart jr. The oppressive state of tho atmosphere, tho electrical tension, aud tho falling meroury, all in- dicated the approach of tho storm tvbioh at length broke with tremendous fury 'over the city, at precisely 3 o'olock a.m. Th; flashes, which followed each other in rapid succession, and which were accompanied bj appalling claps of thunder, avere exceedingly vivid,, and different in form and colour, now running in horizontal zigzag lines, and HOY flying perpendicularly towards the horizon, while evti' and anon the whole sky would be illumi- nated by bright sheet lightning, sometimes white in colour, then yellow, and thon dark red. The spectacle avas most imposing, especially from the lugher points of tho city, Buch as tho Eastora hill. For a moment the whola city would ha illuminated with intense light, and as it aver j photographod on tho retina of tho' spectator, whose vision the next instant would bj shrouded m appalling blacknots. ThoslacnVn} inhabitants were roused suddenly from tae't beds, and many person], frightened at th: tumult, descended from their rooms irito the lower parts of their houses. Tho storm v,as, beyond doubt,-«the most severe Mut hu hnppened in Melbourne since tho evening of th : 28th January, 1857. At 3 a.m., tho pressuie ol the air aras2D.5S9in., and tho barometer continuée to fall until 2 o'clock on the folloavhig*afternoon. The température waa 65.6, aud that of the dow point Ö8.3 dog. A gentle breeze avas blowhis cn the 10th from tho IS"., suddsnly and frequoatlj bhifting during tho forenoon. When tho rait commenced to doscond, and when the storm w.i: nt its climax, and immediately afterwards, r strong ozonio smell was noticeable, which lasSjJ until 3h. 43m., by which time tho thunder w11 distant, and tho lightning confined to tho southam portion of the horizon. The amount .of raui \aiiichfoll during tho storm avas 0.137m., tim giaing a total ümount of 0.513in. for_ fit 12 hours immediately preceding. Tho ozonic ra 'p.ction was very great, showing 9 of Moffat': Míalo. The magnetic elements had been bul s .¿lilly disturbed for tho previous thveo or foji days, bat during the prevalence of the lightning, tbu magnetB avere throavn into great confusion. During the storm the house of a Mr. Oswald, situated in Fitzroy-square, was struck by th< oltctric fluid, which split the nursery chimney from top to bottom, and scattered a quantitj of'brick and mortar dust on the floor of tin bedroom. À sulphurous stnell remainod in tilt room, as if somo firearms had boon let off it jt., Fortunately no ono woaliurt. A oabma' was "struck by lightning in Stvaaston-strect, aaá his, eyesight was rrrcpaiably destroyed. ' _ AMUSEMENTS. > Tho exoiloment caused in tho theatrical work by tho dfbût of Sir William and Lady Don at tin Theatro Royal remains almost undiminislied, B.W. tho management have reaped the manysatisfas tory results of a lucrativo speculation. Til baronet and his lady, whoso popularity is of th most decided character, have confined thomselva , chiefly to light ' comedy and burlesque, ' thai greate&t; success being achieved in "Kenll worth," in which Sir William's Queen Elizabet! ?add Lady Don's Earl of Leicester created a perfos 'furore. Messrs. Harwood and Rogers, an MissMorlimor, Miss Earl, and Mrs. Winterbottom materially aided the produotion of the pics: " Tho Two Buzzards," "The Rough DlamonJ, 'ai.d " Guy Mannering," "Rob Roy," and ." Th Bride of;Lammcrmoor,"have also been perform B 1 the throb latter affording an opportunity for th reappearance of Mr, and Mrs. Robert Heir, arti were most warmly welcomed back. Lady; Of lias been earning golden opinions by herma/ui' especially delighting "tho million" by a pj.it lwily absurd ^comio ditty, entitled, " My John t, v>as a Shcomakor," which eho introduoas in ta, character of Nan, in " The Good for Nothing. She had to sing it no less than throe times oa the ! occasion of her benefit, a fow nights ago. Sir | William's Dandio Dinmont is considered his best Scotch impersonation, and perhaps his best of all. There was a "groat nuht" at the Royal | about a fortnight or three weeks BÍUCO, when Mr. O. V.Brookeapçearodin "RobRoy,"withSirWil- liam as tho Baillioaud Lady Don as Diana Vernon. '1 ha groat tragediau was received as rapturously j nsin the days of his eatly triumphs. At th.9 I Princess's the stage lins, until the last week, bean occupied with Bourcioault's dramas of " The 0 J1- ' leen Bawn," " Jeanie Deans," and " Grinnldi." The trio former, with tho assistancoof Mr. Wheat- leigh mid Miss Rosa Dunn, were great suijoo3sos. Mr. Wheatleigh is nor/ in the-country; ant' t'ii stock company, which comprises somo exoslloaS names- thoso of Miss Dunn, Miss P. You.i?, a 11 Messrs. Stewart, J.DUUD, G. Fawcett, H. E 1 .wards, aud others-is drafting fair houses, Tin ."Sea of leo" has been very well put on thj [ singe. Cremorne and the Pantheon have su? feied from the pvovalcuco of wet weather ; but " Tho Sleeping Beauty," and " Thj ¡ l'air One with Looks of Gold," still prov3 I highly attractive on fiuo nights, when it is I wortli whilo going to the gardons to enjoy the loauty of the weather, to say nothing .of the pleasing singing of Miss Julia Matthews, and the . (rood acting of Messrs. Greville andlroland, and , Miss Edouiu, Mrs. Greville &c;, who form, to- ' getber, as efficient a burlesque company as can possibly bo desired. Several masquerades have taken place at Cremorne, and have boon nu- merously attended, Tho Priuco of Wales hat been turned into a promonado concert and ; bttll room, and Messrs. Sherwin and E. King, Madame Oarandini, and several othar itrtists of popular reputation, aro doing their best to attraot the notico of " the million." Sisnor and Signora Bianchi have | gone with an operatic troupe to Adelaide, Mr. iijitl Mrs. Olarance Holt aro at Ballarat, and per , forming to good houses, Mr. Brooke and Miss Avouia Jones are "starring" in the provinces. Theso two aitists had recently the misfortune of losing a considerable quantity of their property, consistinc of Mr. Brooke's wardrobe and Miss JoneB's jewellery, which were stolen from the night coach running from Melbourne to Bendigo. Tho theatrical obituary contains the name of Mrs. Bellair, who died at Ballarat. Sho was 1 much osteemed inker profession and by her per- sonal friends. _ SPORTING. Tho last week in January brought us to the race mootings at Penola,Wangaratta, and Geelong. At the former of theso, we had chiefly well known performers of moderate merit; but the St. Leger introduced a candidato of superior pretensions, viz., a bay filly, curiously named " Groy Dawn," bj King Alfred. Her performance was considered i-o fuperior, that she was at once entored for ths Two Thousand Guineas, and backed to win a good stake. Soven young ones contested the Penola Leger, and three of King Alfred's stook .hold tho first placea at the finish, four by other horses being behind them. Wangaratta had two fair days' sport, but othertvisâ does not call for comment. The Geelong- meeting was attended by several of tho best horses we have now in training. Flying Jib won the Squat- ters' Handicap, giviug weight to all, aud lumps of it away to some of his competitors ; in addition to winch, the same aftornoon, he ivon tho Town Plato, a three-mile race, aftor a close struggle in the mud and slush of the course, with a moderato old one, by Delapró, bolonging to Mr. Chirnside. The latter gentleman was successful in two other races with the Delaprfistock, Fortress and Barton, both by the siro of old Alico Hawthorn, havinj carried off the Maiden Plato and Free Handicap. A Premier horse, Mounon, won tbe Grand Turf Club Handicap. The weather was so unfavour- able as to causo tho stewards of tho Geelong Races to postpono their second and third days' sport until the following week; and tho same course hits been forced upon ¿lia stewards of the Viotoria Jockey Club, who have beeen obliged by the state in which the late storm floods have left the Flemington ground. Our Jockey Club Races stand now, therefore, for the Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, of next week. The entries for the Ttvo Thousand Guineas Stakes have not boen so numerous as was expected by tho Committee of the V. J. C, when they decided upon instituting the race. The following aro the ctudidates for tho honour of corryine off the first Ttvo Thousand Guinea Stakes, of 100 sovs, each, half forfeit, with 500 sovs, added. Dis- tance, two miles and a quarter ; for three-year olds and upwards. Weights : three years, 7st. ; four years, 8st. 81b. ; five years, Ost. 101b. ; six and aged, lOat. lib. ; mares and geldings allowed 31b. Socond horse to roceivo 200 sovs. out of the stakes, and tho third horse to sava his stake. 50 sovs. paid ; forfeit declared, or balance of s iveepstakes to be paid 14 days before the race is run, Present value of the stake, 1,300 sovs. Mr. J. Henderson's in h ii Monnou, by tho Promit» -Delaware Girl, 0 yro., 10 >t. lib. Mr. T. i. Bavin's gr g Flateatcher, by Dolo-Gany- mede, aged, 9st. 121b, Mr. W. Lang's br h Flying Jib, by Tho Premier - Shlol-no-Qulra, 6 yra, Ost. 101b. Mr. W. Henderson nab h Buzzard, by Warhaw.: Rosebud, 6 yrs.. Oat. 101b. Mr. T. J. Bavin's b g Flying Buck, byWarlnwkor Romu us-Wilhelmina, 5 yrs., Ost. 7lb. Mr. H. Fisher's b in Stormy Potrol, by Muscovado Omen, 5 yrs., Ost. 71b. Mr. H. Fisher's br m Midnight, hy South Australian -Moonshine, 6 yrs., Ost. 71b. Mr. J. Orr's b h Moscow, by Muscovlto-Ulrica, i yra., Bat. 81b. Mr. J. Ooliliam'j b m Groy Dawn, by King Alf roi -Medora, 4 yrs., 8st. Sib. Mr. W. Henderson ns ch g Falcon, hy Warhawk May Queen, 4 yrs., 8st. 61b. Mr. W. O. Yultlu's oh c B igle Htwk, by Warna irk -Wilhelmina, 8 yrs., 7at. Mr. W. Lang's b o Secuiidus, by The Premier Enigma, 8 yrs,, 7st. 41 .. J. Orr's br c Eaglo's Plumo, hy WarUawlc - Rosebud, 8 yrs., 76t. Mr. J. Hondetrdonnsb c Camdon, byOonrador War ti»\vk-Calliope, 8 yrs., 7st. Mr. J. Gorrión'» be Vanquish, hy Vanguard-Flirt, 3 yrs., 7»t. Mr. T. Austin's bri Satina, by The Premier-Bses wing, 3 yrs-, Ost. 111b. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. In our last summary we were enabled to oom plete the population returns for the year 1860. Tbo numbers on the 1st of January wore, of all nations, males 340,000, females 210,000 ; total, 050,000. Since that date, the detailed returns of the immigration department have boen issued tor the month of JNovembor. The arrivals num- bered 1,671, and the departures 2,065 ; the balance against the colony being 394. Tho ar- rivals consisted of 1,037 adult males, 427 adult ?females, 118 male and 89 female children. The departures comprised 1,558 adult males, 303 adult females, 104 male and 100 female childron. Of the arrivals 1,038 landed at Melbourne, 13 at Geelong, and 20 at all other ports. Of the departures 2,060 sailed from Melbourne, and 5 from Geelong. It will be seen from the follow- ing digest of the return, that tho intercolonial stream of migration was unfavourable to this colony, excepting only as regards Tasmania, the numbers to and from that colony having boen equal. The intercolonial balance towards the other colonies was 207. At the Christmas season of the year, there is always an efflux to the older settlements. The balance from the United King- dom was 376; and for foreign ports, chiefly Chinese, 563. ?. Hew South Wales.. South Australia ., Tasmania .. .. - New Zealand Total neighbouring colo-] 1 nits . --1 , United Kingdom ..' Foreign ports Tota- .. .. Deduct Increase .. 891 37S Kot emigration .. . . COMMBEOIAL, , < The month that has passed einoo the despatch' of the last mail, although not oUffering much, a> regards the amount of business done, from any or all of the last six months of 1860, has closed over a steadier and firmer market than existed at the opening, A Ministerial crisis of a month'« duration, with the Estimates for the year yet un considered, and the uncertainty attending the course which the House will, pursue with regard to the votes for public works in the inland dis- tricts, have contributed towards strengthening; tho standing determination to buy cautiously, to which overcrowded stores and frequent sacrifices at auction havo given rise. The mail steamer' Jcddo was fully four days behind the time, not having delivered tho English December mail hero until the morning of the 15th inst. It is to the' receipt of tho advices thus received, confirming as they do thoso of the throe provious mails, on the matter of the steady decrease in shipments from Europe, that tho improved tone in öt(r, 'markets is mainly due. The quarterly averages for tho fourth quarter, of I860 of tho nine bunks trading in thi« colony iutve all been published in the Gazette, ta pur r-r.ance of the Act of Council 4 Vic No. 13. Sub- joined is a statement of the aggregate avoragoi of the liabilities and assets, capital ami profits, compiled from the weekly statements. The lia- j bilitics and assets represent transactions in this I colony only. The last three items include ths j capital, profits, and dividends, of all the branoho* of the sevoral establishments. The average of tin last half-yearly dividends doolared-paid by eigei1; cf the ban les-was at tho rate of 1015-lGths par cent, on tho entire capital. Kotos in circulation.. .. £1,831,371 , Bills in circulation .. .. .. .. 03,101 1 Balances duo to othor banka.> 115,02! Depotita not bearing lutorott .. ., 4,295 033 Poposlts hearing Interest.2,032,031 !Totol amount of liabilities .. .. .. 9,233,731 Coln r.2,141,43!) Bullion and bars . 519,40 ; I.tnd«d property . 600,51a Kotcs and hills of othor banka .. .. 107,27 J Batanees duo from othor banks .. ., 141,411 \- Covcrninout seourltics . 11,421 Dolita due to tho banks, Including notes, hills of exchange, and all stock and funded dobts, except notes, billa, and balances duo from othor bulks .. .. 0,208,421 !Te.til amount of asicts .12,033,72,5 /?mount of capltsl stock paid up .. .. '0,134,057 /mount of last dividends declared.. .. 843,03) . Amount of reserved proflts.1,548,2)2 -AB compared with tho previous quarter, tb.9 »bovo amounts show but little change. There vos an increase on notes in circulation of £2,5S3, rnd'on bills in circulation of £2,033. .Thcro w*s mi increase in deposits not bearing interest of £1,452,903, and a decrease in deposits beariuj jntorest of £1,840,317. These two latter fluctua- tions wore caused by tho chango in the bank policy with regard to the payment of interest oa floating'balances and donosits on call. Thora was .a decroaso in the lola! liabilities of £-126,233. The coln hold by tho banks was in excess during the Utter period ovor the former of £74,822. There was a decrease in bullion of £233,778 ; an increase in landed property of £25,571 : a de- crease in Government securities of £430 ; a de- crease in debts due to the banks of £25,729 ; an i a decrease in total liabilities of £170,040. Tho present year compares very well with its p cdecessor as regards the production of the chief saplo export of the colony-gold. Up to this «vening tbo escorts have amounted to 302,D14Joz. against 20G,952oz, for tho corresponding period of 18G0 ; and the shipments 307,243oz. aguinit 281,367oz. The demand for tho metal lias not boon very active, and »B this branch of trade is now altogether in tho handB of the banks, pricäi have given way. They aro now buying on til J , gold-fields at £3 13s. Öd. per ounoo for standard gold, which, with the export duty of 2s. 01., brings tbo cost on board shin, exclusive of charges, to £3 10s.- por ounoo, Tho following aro the biokci'f,' quotations for alluvial gold :-For Ornoo, CBs. to 71s. 6d. ; Pleasant Creek and Goulburn, 74E. to 70s. ; Sandhurst and Castlemaine, 75Î. to 70s. ; Maryborough, Dunolly, Avoca, Am- herst, Back Creek, Fiery Creok, and Ararat, 70s. 6d. to 77s. Cd,; Ovonsand Yackandandah, 76s.C1, to 78s. 6d. ; Ballarat, 77s. Cd. to 7Ss. Cd. psr ounce. I Tho escorts have brought down 39,979oz. th'u week against 35,637oz. for the correspondu! r week of 1860. In tho following table the sopx rate quantities are givon for both periods, to- gether with the totals for the years up to date : - Name E'of Goldfield. Castlomalno .. *fllackwood Sandhurst 6Iaryborougli.. «Avoca .. Llnton's Ballarat »Fiery Crick .. ".»Viarat.. "Plomant Orcek Back Orcek .. *3mj thesdalo .. .Maldon.. ',' , .cfor the weeks., i", ».i-lis escorts üotals for the yoars 1801. 1300. oz. dwt. 0,013 0 170 0 0,801 0 1,107 10 6.22J 0 4,U3 0 251 0 1,405 1) 3S5 10 4,059 0 1,107 10 1,048 0 200,952 Tho escorts from tho placas marked thus * art fort- nightly, tho rest wookly. In tho following table, the quantities brought into Melbourne weokly by the escorts from all tho gold-Holds aro given separately for throe months, ending this evoning. In the last «x>lumn will be found tho totals for tho cor i csponding poriodsMf 1859-60 : 56471 2085 j 12600 2180 135S Subjoiued,is a statement of tho avorago avookly yield for thojjovoral quarters since the beginning of 1857 : \7cokly Average. 1867. 1808. 1300. First quarter . Second quartor . Third quartor 13,816 44,408 £1,310 fourth1 quarter '.'. | Hsloil 41,025 45*230 48,235 43.917 11,032 44,417 44,523 89,031 80,311 30,517 40,20t 37,721 Oz. 0,570 14,5'ii 9.8S) The shipments thisj-week have boen as fol- low :- ' By the Marco Polo, for Liverpool " Peru, for London . " Salsolto, for Calcutta .,, Previous shipments, corrooted hy comparison aa it hj tho entries passed at the Customs ,, 270,22 2 Total tor the year .307,21,3 Or 12 tons lCowt. 31b. 7oz. troy, of tho value, at Xi per oz., of$l,228,972. Up to the correspond- ing date of last year the shipments amounted to 284,3o7oz., or 11 tons lOowt. 3qr. 22lb. 3oz., of the valuo, at the same rate, of £1,137,468. \ The following is a list of the gold ships which have sailed since the 1st of January :-- , Date of fcailliig. Ship. Destination. | Oímcos. Besult Wonga Wonga Calllasco .. Lightning.. Southampton City of Sydney Behar Wonga Wonga Oopenhagon City of Sydney Empress of tho Sea Owen Glendower.. Bang&tlra; .. Kleber City of Sydney .. Kent Marco Polo Pera London .. Sydney .. London .. Liverpool London .. Sydney .. Galla .. Sydney .. London .. Sydney .. .Liverpool London .. Sydney .. London .. ¡Sydney ., London .. Liverpool London .. 29,3a; O.îii 31,51! 28.8(1 2l,5U , 0,411 " 'iii I 51,2)7 ! 9,'iôk > 0,0.0 14,15* , ' ¡¡.lil ! 8,873 i 2,022 I 23,051 j 6,070 14.533 ; . 'The money market has been very stationary ' and ueltled, with something approaching) to a feeling of returning confidence in the position of the trading class«. Intolvenoios havo b>au fewer, speculation has altogether died out, aal commercial paper has been well taken up for. Eovcial months past. We bave already given a digest of the bankiupr, returns of the colony for Ibu quarter ending tho 31st December." In the following tablo the aggregate averages of the nine banks are given for eight quarters^ for the pur poso of affording a fuller comparison. In this cupo, also, the last three refer to the entire capital accounts of the institutions; the re- mainder to transactions within the colony : 1st Quarter, 1859. 2nd Quarter, 1859. 3rd Quarter, 1869. 4th Quarter, 1859. 2nd Quarter, 1860. 3rd Quarter, 1800. Notes in circulation Bil!s,do. Deposits, not bearing In terest . Do., bearing interest Total liabilities .. Coin Bullion Landed property.. Government securities Debts due to banks Total assets Paid-up capital .. Amount of last dividend Reserved profits .. 1,952,193 70,233 1,601,864 4,611,510 8,157,691 2,307,032 413,561 413,032 33,450 8,301,732 12,033,707 5,707,511 303,625 1,234,832 1,918,801 59,711 1,429,442 4,902,578 8,530,442 2,303,490 162,818 425,168 19,352 8,710,791 12,293,134 5,853,131 391,825 1,232,912 65,652 1,460,317 4,933,940 8.661,762 1,815,818 180,922 136,811 3L162 9,388,594 12,588,107 5,861,437 379,825 .1,265,641 2,003,906 66,137 1,625,377 4,985,741 8,867,298 1,755,071 632,913 151,690 20,209 9,400,150 12,746,2S5 6,074,539 354,625 1,275,490 £ 1,947,352 76,246 1,121,243 5,432,983 9,096,197 1,919,733 028,250 459,370 22,429 9,016,803 12,668,324 6,091,590 360,625 1,303,325 £ 1,905,846 71,177 1,406,251 5,637,103 9,188,383 1,867,690 082,224 168,155 20,573 0,103,544 12,564,068 0,097,971 123,581 1,252,653 1,831,680 60,171 2,840,163 4,772,978 9,664,964 2,006,347 753,183 481,008 11,850 9,232,157 12,803,766 6,180,718 413,531 1,248,202 Monoy for temporary investment is still abun- dant. The publio companies having occasion to invest capital on first-class mortgagos with ample margin, find some difficulty in placing out tho' sums at thoir disposal. The bank rates of discount continue as follow:-For two months' bills, 7 per cent, per annum; for three months', 8 per cent. ; for four months', 9 par cent. ; for over four months', 10 psr cent. ; for cash credits, 10 per cent, j for overdrawn accounts, 12 por cent, lntorost is allowed on tims de- posits at tlie following rates :-For deposits, at 30 days' notice, from IA to 2 por cent, par annum ; at three months notice, from 2 to 2\ per cent. ; at six months' notice, from 4 to 4j per cent. The selling rates of exchange on England ave quoted at par for 60 days'sight for largo amount«, and 1 per cent, premium for 30 days' sight for bills undor £50. Freight on gold by sailing vessels is from 2d. to 3d. per ounco, deliverable in London; insurance, lh per cent. By tho overland route, tho freight to the Bank of England, including insurance and transit duty, is 2 per cent, ; exclusive of insurance, 1 per cent. Tho sharo market has suffered moro than any other from the prevailing depression in values. As we lind occasion to notice m our summary of tho 23th ultimo, bank shares alone have main- tained their ground. A half yearly gonoral meet- ing of the shareholders of the Bank of Victoria was held on the 5th instant, whon the report of the directors, showing a net profit of £33,596 for the half-year, was brought up and unanimously adopted. Of this sum £25,000 was voted as a dividend at tho rate of 10 per cent, per annum, £5,000 was carried to the reservo fund, £3,500 to the bank premises account, and £96 to the credit of profit and loss for tho noxt six months. A spo ( cini gonoral meeting of the Melbourne Gas and Coke Company was held on the 28th January. The result of the half-year's working showod a net profit of £8,980, which, with a balance of £2,553 from tho last half-year, brought the total profits at thedisposalofthosharoholdorsupto £11,533. A di- vidend of6 percent, forthohalf-ycarwas declared. Tho Collingwood and Fitzroy Gas Company held its second general mooting of shareholders on the 30th January. Tho progress of tho works of this company has been delayed by tho long voyages mndo by tho vessels in whioh the plant was shipped from England. The principal mains have, however, boon laid, and the directors will be in a position to commence business towards the close of noxt month. In mining companies several meetings have taken place, and all have been of an unsatisfactory character. The tempta- tion to speculate has beon too strong to admitof any chanco of the mines being proporly managed. Tho great profits hitherto havo boon ruado by the jobbers. No attention has beon paid to an economical and careful working of tho mines. The consequenco is, that the large sums expended in machinery have been lying idle, with little present promise of an altered condition of affairs. We refer to our commercial article in ¡ another column for the latest report of sales and prices. During the current year, up to Saturday last, the imports at Melbourne have amounted to the declared value of £1,871,052, against £2,322,603 for the corresponding period of 1860, showing a declino of £450,951; while the exports have been £1,789,239, against £1,060,440, showing an increase of £122,793. Tho official re- turns give tho imports of the past week at the declarod value of £321,511, and the oxport3 at ,£270,016, the balance being in favour of thoformsr to the sum of £51,495. Specie was imported to tbe valuo of £30,000 ; there were no exports. Among tho articles of colonial produce exported wero tho following :-Bones, 27 tons: coppor oro, 141 tons; flour, 80 tons ; gold, 47,582oz. ; hay, Ü tons; hides, 3,639 No. ; horns and hoofs, 105 packages ; livo stook-horses, 49 No. ; sheep, 1,250 No. ; skins, 161 packages; tallow, 56 tons; wool, 540,5721b. The following table gives the de- clared values, week by wook, for tho ourrant year, compared with the corresponding periods of 1860, together with the totals for the years up to date : Weck ending Imports. 1860. £ 111,793 872,342 222,881 630,189 176,010 104,544 150,888 1861. £ 180,100 801,407 181,180 109,171 827,705 197,193 821,511 Exports. 1860. 2 185,822 107,183 402,604 872,839 110,127 247.108 171,013 2,822,603 j 1,871,652 ) 1,006,440 I 1,789,23» 1801. £ 216,310 232,142 217,230 480,693 291,913 80,8.5 270,010 In ths first period the account stood thus : Imports Exports Balance of imports over'exports In tho Eooond poriod : Imports . Exports . £050,157 . £1,871,052 . 1,769,239 Balance of imports over exports ., . £82,418 I The increased ease which the decrease in ship 'monts has imparted to tho import markot has not been productive of speculation to any appreciable extent. For this the banks deserve some credit, inasmuch as they have set their faces against ad 1 ranoes for other than legitimate trading. Stooks -are still too heavy to admit of many chances of making lucky ventures on a large scale, and the atato of the weather has operated against tho up country business. A tolerably correct notion of consumption and of supplies maybe gathered from st study of the statistics of tho receipts, deliveries of dutiable goods from the 19th January to the 36th inst., and of the stocks in bond at the last named date. The following is a statement of all dutiable goods in bond on the 19th of January: Brandy, 7,139jhhd. 72,988cases: rum,S,2C9hhd. 74 cases: gonova, 101* hhd. 37,679 cases ; whiskey, 1,3244 hhd. 57,610 cases ; old tom, 993 hhd. 13,781 cases ; cordials, 4,100 cases ; spirits of wine, 120$ hhd. ; other spirits, 1,313 hhd. 5,592 cases ; wine, 2,760hhd. 31,585cases; beer, 4,459hhd. 5,319 cases and casks; tobacco, 462 hhd., 1,729 bales, 488J tierces, 8,115 j-boxes, 7,093 cases and boxes; cigars, 1,047 cases ; snuff, 65 packages ; tea, 26,112'. chests; coffee, 699 bags 880 barrels; sugar (being revised) ; chioory, 554 packagas ; opium, 32 chests 34 packages. Tho following goods wero bonded between the 19th January and the 16th February, 1861 :-Brandy, 471 hhd. 4,104 cases ; rum, 20 hhd. ; geneva, 3,740 cases ; whiskey, 50} hhd. ; old tom.1,000 cases ; cordials, 100 cases ; spirits of wine, 3 hhd. ; other spirits, 91 hhd. 146 cases ; wino, 748 hhd. 243 casos ; beer,235hhd.; tobacco, 218$ tierces,328¿.quarter boxes, 470 casos and boxes ; cigars, 158 cases ; tea, 5.886J chests ; coffee, 56 barrels ; chicory, 197 packages ; opium, 197 packages. The deli- veries for nome consumption during the sams period were -.-Brandy, 398 hhd. 5,883 oases ; rum, 173 hhd. ; geneva, 2 hhd. 5,384^ cases; whidkoy, 51 hhd. 2,157 cases ; old toro, 21 hhd.' 910cases; cordials, 205 cases; spirits of wine, 7¿ hhd. ; other spirits, 3 hhd. 15 cases ; wine, 912} hhd. 2,487 cases : peer, 955 hhd. 146 oases sand casks ; tobacco, 79 hhd., 161 bales, 31 tierces/ 1)54 i-quorter boxes, 1,204 cases and boxes ; cigars, 422 cases ; snuff, 1 package ; tea, 3,092 chests ; ooffee, 160 bags 246 bárrela; chicory, 103 pack ages ; opium,' 3 chests 23 packages. The deli vericslfor exportation were t-Brandy, 109J hhd. 2,000coses; rum, 90 Mid.; geneva, J hhd. 526 cases ; whiskey, iii hhd. 403 cases ; old tom, 1 libel. 181 cuses ; cordials, 42 cases ; wine. 14 hud. 245 cases; beer, 106 hhd, ; tobacco,'57 j tierces, 480 j-quarter boxes, 267 cases and boxes ; cigars, 16 cases ; tea, 1,003A chests; coffee, 321 bogs j 136 barrels; chicory, 16 packages. The Btooks in bond on the 16th February were as follow: Brandy, 7,103 hhd. 69.209 eases; rum, 3,026hhd. 74 cases; geneva, 99 hhd.' 35,508A cases; whiskoyi 1,312Ä hhd. 54,990 cases ; old tom, 9/1 hhd. 33,690 cases ; cordials, 3,953 cases ; spirits of wine, 116 hhd. ; other spirits, 1,401 hhd. 5,723 cases; wine, 2,581 hhd. 29,090 cases; beor, 3.543 hhd. 2,073 oases and casks ; tobacco, 383 hhd., 1,668 bales, 618J tierces, 6,999 3-quartcr boxos, . 6,032 cases and boxes ; cigars. 7l>7 cases ; snuff, C4 packages ; tea, 27,403} chests ; coffee, 212 bogs 554 barrels; chicory, 543 packages; opium, 29 ohests 203 paokagcB, The Insolvency Circular for January contains a \- list of 93 insolvents whoso schcdulos had been filed during that month, including the lost two days of December, 1860. Tho insolvents are thus described :-1 artist, 1 auctioneer, 2 bakers, 1 blacksmith, 1 builder, 5 butchers, 1 carter, 3 carpenters, 1 chemist, 3 dorks, 1 coach-driver, 1 commission agent, 4 contractors, 1 drapor, G farmers, 1 fruiterer, 1 gardener, 1 gentleman, 1 horse dealer, 1 joiner, 1 land agont, 3 labourers, 1 lime-burner, 1 mason, 11 miners, 1 painter, 9 publicans, 1 shoemaker, 2Bharebrokers, 1 slaugh- terman, 1 squatter, 1 solicitor, 12 storekeepers, 1 surveyor, 1 tailor, 2 teachers, 1 tentmnker, 1 theatrical agent, 1 vocalist. Tho month's return of other insolvency business presents no other fe ttucs calling for notice. IMPORTS At (ho Port of Melbourne during tho month of January, 1861, compared with tho correspond- ing poriod of 1869. /yi.'cnltural im plcmcnts Alkali-Soda, tons Apparel mid slops Ammunition Tuso and Oro works.. Poavdor.. Shot, tons Arms Guns and pistols Arroaaroot, lb. .. Bags and Baaks .. Bark, tons Boer Bottled Drought Biscuit, tons Blankets aud wool Ions ., " Books Boots and shoes., Bran, bushols ., Brioks BuiMIn?, Ko.., Bath .. Bnuliwaro Building materials Butter, tons .. Calilmgo-troo Candles, tons .. Candlowiclc Cauvas Carpeting Carriages, carts, io. Ccmont, tons Cheese, do. Chicory .. China« aro Cidot Coals, tons .. Cocoa and choco lato, lb. ' Cocoanut fibre, tons ColToo Coko andiuol, tons Confectionery .. Coppor, tons Copper oro, do .. Copporwaro Cordage, tons .. Corks .. .. Cottons .. Cotton wasto Cutloiy Drapery .. Drugs DruiïÉfIsts' aa-aro .. EartliemaTiro Eggtf ¿anoy goods Felt' Fhh Preserved Salted, tons .. Fltui Flour, tons Fruit \- Bottlod Dried, tons .. Groen, bushels Furniture Class Bott.03.. Plato Window C5 lass« aro Ohio GoUUeaf . Grain Barley, bushola Beans « peas, do Gram, tons li uzo, bushols.. Malt, do. Oats, do. Itlco, tons Wheat, bushels Grindery .. Grlndstonos Gum Giuiiio, tons HaMrilosliery linn', tons.. Hardware aud Ironmongery . Hats and Laps . Haa% tons. Hides, No . Holloavaro IEajioy, lb.. ICops, do. . Hosiery .. Indiarubbor goods Instruments ilaolcal,. SolontlOa Iran, tons Jowollory.. Goad, tons leather, oavfc I»cathorivaro lilnon Iiia'0 stock Horned cattle, Ho. .. Horses, do. - Pigs, do. Poultry.. Sheep, No. Asses, do. Dogs, do. Zebra, do. Vjaros, do. Wiohlnory »lnrhlo .. tiliches and vestas .. llats and rugs Meal Corn, tons Oat, do. Millinory .. Molasses, tons Nolls and ourowa, do. Knptha and cam pliiuo, ¡rsla, ,'. "Nets Nuts Oar« Oil Cocoanut, gals. Cote, do Uusood, do. Olive, do. Sperm, do. Undoscribod,do. Ollr-foth Oilnten's stores .. Oiiloni, tous Opium Paintings and on cravings raiiiisand a-arnlsh Papcrhanglngs .. rcrftnnory rhotofrnaphio goods .. Tipos-Tobáceo ï'Itclj, tar, «to. riants aud seeds.. Plate and plated ai-aro Plumbers' aa-aro Potatoes, tons Preserves.. Printing mataríais Proaîsions Picsorvod Salted, tons Quicksilver Itailaaay materials Beslft Saddlery .. Sago, lb. Silt, tons.. Shlpchandlory Silks S- ins Slabs Slates, No, Snuff Soap} tons.. Spudo Specimens of Na- tural History Spices Spirits Brandy.. Cordials Gin Ofwine.. Perfumed. Bum .. Whiskey , .Xludoscribod .. Spor.jro .. Starch and blue Stationery Stool, tons 8,413 ¿1,159 LOOS 9,011 191 HO 1.0Î9 V" 067 120,080 8,850 607 20,071 7,007 6-2,861 1,716 13,070 SID 4,002 1,882 18,811 1,831 4Ï4 -181 7,008 1,196 4,783 015 210 17,770 i,ooa 10,021 883 17,247 24S 2.-100 262,140 9,401 278 4,136 1,031 8,732 17 11,016 4,647 l8 10,600 V 11,016 17,841 0,082 120 1,060 600 2,064 80S 120 64 ISO 030 1,310 11,803 20,330 14,121 8,674 310 "~16 32,300 116 1,030 285 4,420 8,314 1,338 4,810 001 20,006 0,030 4,670 617 066 3,300 1,0601 8,680 212 1,268, 7031 1,400 5,000 . ISO 0,860 '800 20 Oí 2 100 8,172 2,207 105 COO 6,804 710 22,870 ' - 88 11,088 ' CS8 2,702 4,012 680 ' 88t 1,070 ,021 467 2,711 8,037 48 4,08u 2,011 10,209] 1,060 27.8W 6Î0 5,037 887 2.607 1810 6,701 109 . ,800 1 5,100 80 2,103 27,876 200 10,743 1 1,028 1.500 ", ,8,024 ,f68 ' 186 1» 24,400 1,678 0,002 1,701 47,052 2,512 7,703 242 4,139 876 8,684 19,833 15,520 100 14,738 7,805 88,814 2,118 770 SO 2,320 025 27,723 10 63,630 100 013 380 8.2S9 1,407 8,528 1,653 622 110 11,103 42 86 20,006 800 1,157 13,880 6 820 701 7,231 1,680 8,076 430 1,551 150,084 12,246 768 6,251 1,800 3,083 186 8,232 5,310 s£öoi 200 6,332 15,000 6,822 000 60 023 5.651 15 450 0,381 10,320 13,205 707 10,070 1,024 4" i 760 8,230 26,712 0,262 1(14 118 2,801 804 4,240 070 OSO 82,672 5,33' 373 809 007 540 1,140 1,313 "no 012 ,800 8,778 778 70 141 i '.221 , ,»3,085 i 00 10,624 ' 2Î0 2,052 \- 070 1,003 _ 76 1,440 ,' 286 ,062 " 1,202 550 / 290 4,100 ", 732 "' 8,071 0,672 600 57,053 ' 9,206 0 5,152 ' 370 5,600 170 ¿JS78 62,820 13 1,160 . 14,037 8fiZ0 36 .000 2,016 721 v 1,807 ? îiôoo 2t,663 1,40» Quantities. 1800. 232! 15 82,702 21,117 5001 245 137! 4,eoi' I 22,3111 114, lióos1 10,650 318' 800 70 7,724 24,600 01,070 877 21070 4,888; oo.su! 1¡ - 101 1,000 12,91t 10/40&! 2,178 28,000 ' 03,878 483,010] "as Etcnc Building, tons.. Will .. Paving Etc no» oro St (rar Tallow, tons lnj-ioca, lb. Tra Toi ts and tarnau , lins Telographto mato rials ,. |T> tabor Deals, No. laths, bundles.. Palings, Ho. .. Loirs and piles, do. Posts and rails,! do. Sawn, foot .. Spars, No. Shingles, Ko. .. Miscellaneous .. lin. 'Jmnaro .. Tobacco Cigars .. Tobacconists' ware ! Tools and utensils! Tojs and turnery Turpcntlno and varnish, gals. Twine and thread, tens Vegetables, tons., Vinegar, gals. .. tVateliosandcloolts Whiting and chalk, tons .. ?vi ickorwaro .«ino IVoodonwaro V ool.lb... Zinc, tons., WlECollaneous 1O0 719 l,20ßi 100,720 13 803 7,410 6,148 290 1,240 210 22,828 100 1,200| ill OB 20,288 8,003 800 3,032] 418 1,612| 043 <>l 691 8,008 20,643 2.7S0 5,801 409 2,0711 1801. £ ' 1,811 120 120 478 80,418 26 1,020 1,164 20 V 1,0-44 106 15,087' ioo| s?, 2,622 420 m\ 20,100i 9,286 184 1,418 78( 16i litt*-' 1,781 17C| 101 82,40! 822 29,7471 831 ; 6,84t1 Quantities. I860. 84| 31,820 10,064 8,310 180,000 0,800, 2,333,054] 140' 6,274 7,810 77,130 BXPOETS. Agi ¡cultural Im clements Alkali-Soda, tonB At pal c1 and slops Anns and ammu- nition .. An owroot, lb. .. lings nnd sacks .. Balk, tons Beer Bottled, gals. .. Draught, do. .. Bl'cult, tons .. Black sand, do. .. Blnlikots and wool- inna .. Bones, tons Bedes BcolsnndshooB.. Bren; bush. BrufliMsro Building materials Butter, tons CsndlcB, tons Cam as .. Oaipoting.. CniTlngcs, carts, ire. Casks, empty .. Oen cut .. ., Chccso, tons Chicory .. Conic, tons Cocoa and choco- late, lb. Codeo, lb. Confectionery . - Copper, tons Copnor oro, tons,. Cordago, tons .. Corks Cottons .. Drnpory .. Drags Earthenware Fancy goods rou Fluh S alttd, tons . Preiorvcd Plax.tons.. Pit ttr, tons Fruit Dried, tona . Oreen, bush. . Funilturo Olcsiwaro Glass 1'ottlos.. Plato .. Window Gold, ounces ., Grain Gram .. Wait, bushels . Oats, do. Bice, tons Haberdashery . Hair Haï tin aro and ironmongery .. Hats and caps .. Hay, tonB Hides, Ko. Hoilowaro Hops, lb. Horns and hoots.. Ice, tons .. Inâlarubber goods Instruments - -Musical .. Bclcntlflo Iron nndstcol, tons Jew ollory.. Lead, tons Leather, do. Lime, bush. Live stock Cattle, No. Horses, do. Sheep, do. Machinery Watches and vostas Mats and rugs .. Meal-Oat, tons. Millinery.. Miscellaneous .. MolasEca .. Kails and Ecrows, tons Knptha and cam plilno, gal. Huts Osro, Ko. Oils, gals. Oilmen's stores ., Opium ïairts .. I860, £ 1,202] O20 1,100 880 10,040 141 181 16' 4,274] 1\ 281, 004,147 444 80 612 6,080 66 40 800 146 480 60 1,081 8,230 1,073 120 12 1,410] 2,228! 10.2201 a,cotí 2,440 6,847] 1,007, 170 109] «i 840,816 I,1 1,0961 100 2,461 83 9fi2B 10 64 1,633 l8 810 1,416 1,010 0,001 Quantities. 1800. 8" 3,260] 0,870 42,400 4 082 100,046 0,821 1,000 2,770 1891, 4,023 9 Í65J 212,4« 33» 3,1« 1» 13,02) 495 history .. Spices Spirits Brandy, gala. Cordials, do. Gin, do... Of w ino, do. Perfumed Bum, gals. Whiskey, do. .. TJndescrlbed, do. Starch and bluo .. Stationery Stontware , .. Sugar .. .. Tallow, tons .. Tea, do Timber .. .. am. ¡Tobáceo .. ,. Cigars .. .. Snuff .. Toolsand utensils 3oys and turnery Tun entine, gala., avine and thread, tons 240 8,940 1,106 4,r 40,082 66 9,070 180 1,000 78 ~72 426 04« 7 3,884 3,219 0,848 2,440 40 90 1,640 00 312,846 80> Í z _ 1,228 108,070 4,100, 1,892 610] 81 30,848 2,638 10,066 894 321 1,8621 444 t,003,!85pt#| MELBOURNE MARKETS. FEIDAY, F«& THE MILLS. Demand for flour has been less active this weer, ml Quotations are given at easier rates. Fine flew li quoted at £1010s. per ton ; American burel, tt 40*. each; bran, at Is. 3d. per bushel; wheat, 7Í.M-" It. 4d, per mullel ; and oatmeal, £25 per toa. BETAIL MARKETS. Butchers' Meat.-Beef, 8d. to 6d. por lb. ; mitti». Sd. to 4d. do. ; veal, 8d. to Del. do. ; pork, Ü. to Mi- do. Poultry.-Turkeys, 12s. to 20s. each ; getWi Ä to 17s.per pair; ducks, 8a. to 10s.;do.; fowl»,7> to 8«. do.; rahblls, 6s.) to 7s, per brace; hutter» fre»b, Is. 4d. to Is. Cd. per lb. ; eggs, 2s. 61. to te (¡J d:zon ; milk, lOd. nor quart ; bread, 7e). to H, »> «.b. loaf. HAY-MABKET. Supplies continue largely to excess of «««"S and consist ohiefly of stained and lnfttriorqnaUUt*w toblch there Is but little inquiry, ThejWf«*¡B ) given i 7rn - inferior and second, au! to £0 10». portón'; »law,£3to£310». portón. ' *t KA.8TBRN M*.HKEt\ There was a full supply of bath fruit and vegetables on Wednesday,buttholowpricesatwhicb, these articles nrc now selling oiuacd a good demand, and th) lnuket was early olearod, at about tho following incest- Vegotoblos.-Beans, broad, }d. por Ib.; ¡it , kidney, Ijd. to ljd. per lb. ; boot, Is. p«r doton ; Inn imets, 4s. to 6s. per dozen ; cabbages, 2s. OJ. to 0*. ,,ri doscD; carrots, Od. to Is. por dozen bunoha» ; nliiv, 3». tu 4s. per dozon; oicss, avater, Is. to 1B. 01. ,.,r do::» bunches; cuuumbors, Od. to Is. Od. par ik-cn; garlic, 3d. por Ib.; horse-radish, Os. to fi. vit dozen bunches; lavender, Is. par dozan liunclitS ! 1er», 01, to 8d. per dozon bunches ; li-uui», Od to Is per dozen ; marjoram, Od. pac iicccn but-ches; mint, 91. to Is. per dozen bunches; uniuM (dricil), 4s. to 6s. per owt ; do., groon, Od. por iiu¿en bundies ; parsley, 81. per dozon buncnea ; p»r tnlps, Oil. to Is. Od. perdoauu boiiohos ; peas, 2¡rd, toSJ. pciquait;pot»»oi!»,4<. to 4», 01 poruwt.; pumpkins, s* lo l\ l>cr dozen; radish, Gd. to 3d. per dozen burchos; rhub-irb, Is. lois. Od. por dozon bunohai; s re, 1». por dozen bunches ; sproutf, Is. 6J. to 21. per dozen; thyroo, Od. per dozon bunches; turnipi, j*, to la. Ol. per dozon bunches ; tomatoes, 2d. to 8 J. prr lb. ; a cgotablo rrmrroavs, Ia to 8s. por dozen ; i iM mt squash, IB. Od. per dozen ; Indian corn oobs, 1 lil. per duzen Fruits.-Almonds, 6d. por lb ; »Pi II«, 2d. to Od. per lb. ; damsons, 4d, por lb. ; grapes, 41 to l»l. per lb. ; melons, water, Ss. per dozon ; d5,, r< tit, 12« per dezra ; do., preserving, 4«. por dozon ; inilborrien. 041, per lb.; nectarines, Od por dozen; i wolie», lil to Is. Od. por dozen ; pears, 8d. to 01. par lb. ; plums, 3d to 6d, per lb. ; strawberries, 2s. par ' lb. I'tlry Produce.-Butter, Is. 3d, to Is. 4d. por li. ; chrtsc, OJ par lb. ; duoks, 4». Od. to Os. par pair ; u.j,e, Js. Sd to 2j. Od. per doran; gooso, 12s. to ils. «".i pair! hem, 5a. to 8». per pair; honey, Is. per Hi. ; j (¡com, 2a par pair ; pork, Od. por lo. ; rabbits, 2s 01, pi i pair; snoklng pigs, 8s. to 10s. each ; turkoys, lia, au 10a. per pair. WOOIi, TALLOW, HIDES, &o.; SfeBsrc J. Ii. Clough and Co. supply tho euhjoinol rtiortof Dio market-:-"Wool,-Sinco our last ra v, rt,on the 23th ult, psrBehar, thonrnkoth'tir). uialr'cel In about- tho samo stato as tlion advised, th i i . t straggling lots still coming down being prl ioi . aliyrcnwlndors of c'lps nlroidy gone forwarJ, a-il \«'iiíh lnvoieadlly found buyers by private» salo, tliî i'ciiaiiii fiom a few operators, whoso orders still ro ii¡iln uemanplcted, beingsufficiently brl-k to kasp th> in-rtot elsar at tho recent quotations. Tho arrival oí tli« Mi (dish mill on tho 15th iust., with advicos of tin -,uto of th« horno markets up to tho 20th Dooam'io-. li ih boon i cry satisfactory to shippers, still they itara riinceil no dlnposltlon to pay higher prices on till* i Ido loi tho smalt quantity now offitrluir in tltlj markt') 'or at tho only public sale sinco oar lair, ji »ort, hold öfter tho arrival of tho mill, onlv about 01 o third of the quantity offered chango I Ittti <!->, as auction ; tbo quantity brought fonvarJ »vii i b.ut 1,2 io balsa. Tho Customs oloaronoas efftotol tit co our 1 u,t aro- fro-u Jan. 13 to Feb. 11,3,838,6131b , tn'uo £231.015 ; mid previous shipment« /torn Oct. 10, JBOO. to Jim. 10, 0.630,0311b., value £711,272 ; tittl, 1,803,14lib., value £1,022,017. Tho shipments hi.-ct li,oi:-1880-Dic. 12, Thames, with Z.Ulet baloa ot !i nrdf oin Oool.mg; Boc. 28, Koorta Mooria, 8,472 do. do. ; 1331-Jan. 10, Witch of tho Tcos, 1,032 di. tie. ; Jan. 10, Lord Itiglan, 1,277 do. do. ; Jau. 20, Copenhagen, 2,10i bales on hoard /ron» Holbourne! ; Pi0.1, r.mpronaof the Seas, 2,701 do. do.; Foi) 0, «.tea Glemlowor, 1,139 do. do. ; ifub.7, Klobor, 1,3)7 do do.; Feb. IO, Kani, 1,089do. do.; Fob 13, Mira> Polo, 3,873 do. dei. ; Fob. l8, Peru, 1,690 do. d>.; tctil, 20,184 baloa. Add uhipnioiita by other vos it)i tinco Oct. 10, alrouy reported, 30,92) ; n-nliliiK a total of 51,054 bales shipped up t> this dato from Port Phillp, Our quotations st'U xcimin for supjrlor greasy wool', 12el. to 141. pie 1!.; Inferior, lad. tiUJd.tlo.; superior floccj, 2J I. to 2i)îd. d .. ; average, 2ud. to 22Jd. do. ; inferior, 171. to loft), do. ; scoured Hot wator, superior, 2s.-3d. to !!>. L¿. do. ; do. orditttrv, 2a. to 'ii. 2d. do. ; handwashil .-ii.il tllpe. 20>1 t> 23J.de). Tallow.--Thoro hu bjai i, miilirnbly more inquiry for this article, prlocu ai i i.mc «lioulng a good marchi for profit on ratos rulln; ¡mo, nindi rrj now-for bael', £tD to £48 per on; iiriitton, ClOto £lGportou, at which rates wc li tvj n,UU>n.c litrgu »areola for shipment during tho Um 'e-.v v.ti.i.1 Hides.-Tho demand for hides is briskas l ». Cil. t'i 13». (JJ. for average weights. The advlcjä ii a tlrclliio at homo do not seem as yob ti hi,-o Llhctctl Ibu unrltct. The shtpmonts during the put in-lilli liitve ben-By the Koorla Sfooria, 2,184 hide* ; Oiilll-.ncc, 0 13) do., and 2,120 catMiii»; Ooponharoi. 3.7S2 do ; Empress of tho Baa*, 200 do. ; Klaber, 0,813 du ; marco Polo, 4J0 do ; Peru, 8,189 do. Totti, ÏÎ.733 hide?." LIVE STOCK. Mcr-ri. Pi wer, Hutherferd, und Co.'a circular glvn Du following:-"Fat Cuttle.- Nnmbcrln, 1,033 heal; unie, 1,337; country, 263 ; shipping, 43 ; total, 1,013. ?fulling into consideration tho number of primo th st luve oí into como forwtid, sales of this description ol Hock passed -eili' pretty brlakly, but sococel rate an) i f.-rior wore difhcult to quit at fair averago ratos. 'iii: prices for first quality aro still maintained, as waa soor. M lien a prime lot of wflli-brcd cattlo wero ofl'erod, tin heit bullock out, of them rtnlizhn; £1110s, Wo In/ ht.kl 17ii hoad, Hr. Goodman's mcellum quality, at £ J«.». 6,1. bullni-iis, and £4 l63, fld. cows. Uest bulloak arc woith £0 5-.lo £8 10s. ; tocond do,, £4 to £1 . inlet lor do,, iii lui. to £315*. ; best cowa, £8 to A 16'. ; Bfcomltti).. £3 ti £4. Calves.-Nuroberin, 4: lund, ! he mirkot rus boen so over supplied of lato, I In thtre Is little demi uni at prBient. Prlcesaro 23s. to 43a Fal Sheep. -Number In, 7.Ï47 hotil. Trado, 0,310 tountiy, 3DJ; ihlppiiir, 008; tot-tl, 7,847 head. Tit! market, v-.ts charaoterlned by a rather better supply o pi'.mc qua'Ity than liai of late come in, and tho prie j twic ano bitter thin usual, A small pen at prim hair-bro I Lolcestorí brought 22i.-th07 woro lliiolirr, «U-«.p. Wo luve bold-501 (lloclifort'a) at 14s. ; 21' (Ciiiii.fltlt'-), ICi. 1J. to 19s, titead wore a prim.) lot .¡Si (liar.ram'»). las. to 12-1. 0J ; 601 (QUID'H), 0*. to lOi t . ; 1,297 (Uwoaie's), 13s.fr> Hi-J 670(Qrant's), 121 toi2, C1 ; 607(i'hoinaonanlClirhp'a)il03. (id.tu Hu . em,«, lia. nether» Bat wotheri aro belling at 13». t Ilk 01. ; second do, 11s. to 12-, ; O.ves, 'Gi. to Iii Lamb».-Number in, 131. TliosenallBUpplycausodc».! «idrrailo ODnipstltloa, and o consequent riso In prl s J They sold at 123 Id. to 16s. 8 J., aeordlng to quality Kltre Cittlo.-Thoro li no Improvement to bo rj marr ed io the stato of affilra In Mi nwrkot. Buyer »re r.U holdinr olTin anticipation of a lower range u ]iiicti than at prosont oxUts, and holdora are not In i .hie 1 to subjtlt to such flgttrei as tho low price« no. obtuiiableforfat stoolt woild warrant bolng given Wu have smna liiqulrloá for store cattlo of gcod still and breeding, and omld pHoo one or two lots a'nui <it imso should uny such o/fer. Quotations :-A sullocks, £i to £3 7a. Od. ; spiyodcow«. £212t. lil. t £2 17«. «J ; cows,£2 10J. to £,¿ 12i. Od. ; Inferior lu .C110s. to £2 Ci. Storo Sheep_Tho doenand for g »> 3 oro t; owes, and BIBO for wutuerd of good quality, I rti'l exlstlnir, and wo ould dispose of a good nimbi coitM clio right desariptloa of stock on fair terms h met "ltb. Wo bavo sold-1,400 m%idsn ewer/ f.' Hew '/. - limul, 1U ; irood wethers, four aud six too'.' 10b. in 10J. (id.; trooj otvoi, 7s to8».; good yotut a.\e , 10', to 11s. (id. ; dlttù, «eporior, IIB. lo 12i. 0 Station'. -Wo havo sold-31r. Andrew Rutherfjrl estate ot 2,342acres freehold lund, situato at Oolae, fe £I',t0J-£0,0J0 cull, baUnes at soven yo tra. Soul taken by private a2rooaiont." . Mtisis. Kyau nud Himmond report-"The fi eitll'o mirltet as larçoly auppllod, 1,U33 howl hivln henri penned. A lir¡ro proportion of this nurnoo,- w cf:>nddling and inferior quallly. A roduotlon o(-1} per li'.-.'.ii upon former quotations has takon pUo/tül neck. Upon 51 >ndty-HouUeu's,from tholiiehlitr, I;UI,>1 omi inlddllns quality-100 bullocks, atan avs uti C5 2j. 8d. Lane's from theliachlan, ftlrai niiildltaif iiutllty-184 bullocks, at au avorago of A 8t Oil Kennedy's, from the Billabong -lnlddlli nu tiny-107 bullocki sold by us at an averago of £ 13t ; ii cows of tin sime lot, £3 Si. 8,1, Up lue dt/- Aiher.ift'n, from the IiO vor B'.IIab3ii. rnidlliuy and itiforlor quality -103 bulloeks, A Is. !!!.; 02 cows, £l'16i 0J. Goodman'*, io the ï: okeit filter, light weight», but good quill1 \- 82 bJllnoka, £t l8t. Uti; ,47 cows, £4, lo 0,1. vtouldoii's cows, from the Iitohlan, nilJSlin quillt), £3 7s 7d Sttuglttoit'ii sold by us-13 bj It-ti» uf ttootl quality, ut£0 ; li cows at £5, Outi tM.'to's, from Tiillarooit, on the Goulburn, a 've prlaie lot, but li^ut woishtä ami yoilnr, sold by" us 41 bii'hoKä at £7 2s. ldi ; 32 ouvs at £d 23. Od. .tíou¡ lltvjiim'i, from the Ei.vard, »old by us, Islii ai inldillmgquality-133 bullock«, £4103. Od.; 05 cow .i3 ii. 8J. Upoi Wednesday, Kdward Aihorofc1 trum tho Moulmoi», middling- and Inferior quilty bullo;.i, ,t;3 8i. Od. ; 4". cows, £2 lui. Outhw.ilti «..title brouffht tho lilghost prion of tho week-5: pen o! bullock!, £S 10a.; top pen of citvr, ; 16s ; 1 bullock, £11 10s. ; 1 cow, £0 16s. F Calves-Only 48 lloví hitvo boon oiTurod. v have sold -¿§ ho id at from 80a. to 4Î9. F Sheep-7,iU7 bend havo boon oll'arod,-a ljtrge.pr ponton being ol' mUdliag; and Inferior q'lallty. ^b > £03 vu y prime watham (Uriullhi anil Gruono'e), solJ IS«., iiud about 60 Uhirnslde's picked waihora, 19; rcimtnder of Bim') lot, at 10J. to 17a. 8 J. Wutlt; told at 13s. aud l63. ; middling qunllty, 9s. 01. to.U «t'omJliiif to weliltt. 0/ giod owos thoro WAI a ah j tnpplt, 10s Mid li«, bslnjobuinod torwood qmht mid l!ln"'quality, 7". t> 0i. Town tralo took 0,31 emiury buyer», for grazing, 303; «hipped, 008.; \ havn sold '.votlioM at 2js, and owes at trom 7«. to 1 nan.bi.-The £tipi>ly Is falllntr oil'. Only 48 ho.tJ ti' to han I, for whioll satKiotory prices wero obtilno t'ooj sh >m Umba BJlllnff at froat 11s. 0d. to 133. ÜI iiiUdlingquilUy/Oi. toOj. 0d." Vie hive sold 104he from Ho ile 1! tuk, at from 12j. to 16s: 7d." ' . Slcwrj. Row, Kirk, and Co'a stitomont is as f lowi :-""We havo again to report, a ci'otvdod unVk 1,63 ) head of fat cxUlo having been oil'erod this week, willoh tho trade touk 1,237, 43 bclnir shipped, nul t lalan-e ttkon for ths coimtry. Sonofowponsjiv. << prime quality, an I realised fully lr.3t wock'sqm tiens, but fur middling and inferior, ratos wero rat! in fniour of the buyer. Wo quote primo quality;« look«. £010s. to £S 103. ; soeoncldo., £45s. to £310 inferior, £2 10s. to £315i. Boat ooiti, £j 10s. to ICu. ; second quality, £j to £4 IO*. O-vlve',-1 11 pply this week ivn llm'tod to -l8. 'Sales ,w clloe'.o 1 at 28). to 45i,, aojorjlnpj to quality. Sheep The supply was nói too lurga this waek, iiuinbiri ii.ilr 0,020. For tho better description thora m brl-k demand, mid priées slightly artvancol, SJo pritne wuthon, heavy weights, wero sold at 17a, 0d( 10J. ; prmici do, ordinary weights, 14s. to 16s, ; soo: ?lUB'.i y, Iii. to 131. ; inferior, 7s. 6d. to 10s. 3d." Messrs. Kaye and Dutchitrt supply tho.ännoxod port:-"Fat Cattle.-1,033 In the yards, ira 1,337 ; country, 253; shipped, 43. Tho majority tv icry ordinary lu quality. Good oittlo hold fir «eojnd elias receded iu prlca trom last quat»tlo Best balloek« ranged from £7 to £8 10s. ; do. co £0 10» to£j 15F. ; medium bullocks, £4 to £6 10 ele. cows, £3 10«. to £4 15s. ; Inferior cows "t btilloilis, £2 10«. to £8 6s. Fat Oalvoa.-Only sold, from 23i. to 46s. Fat «hoop.-Tho supply v again 11,-ht, especially good wether«. . About 20 I ccnterd i,f ifr. Olarko'i m»do 22«. ; a few or l Chirnside'« reached IBs. Tae trado bought 0,8 country buyers, 303 ; shippers, 008. Primo wothors, to 103., weights ovor 701b. : good do., 13s. 6d. to li nn»IJ d >., 10«. flj. to I2s. Öd. ; inferior do., 7a. Od j t «wes, 10a. Od. to 11«. Wo sold sldoo last rep for Mo-,irs. Griffiths and Groono 301 wothors, IS». ; p. Aiuldnon, 600 do,, at 16s. ; A. Mcintosh, i do., at lit. 8d. to 12t.; JT. ß. Ohlruside, 600 do., IS». «J, t-> Us, Lambs.-481 wero penned, ol wi wo eoU ¡or Messrs. Qritrltlis and Qreono 200 fi las. ¡¡J : i 12J. »d. Store Sheep.-Thoro is little «wiry f. r wollten, but tho demand for eves ii v brisk, tjpeulally for tho Murrumbidgits district. " hate sold ths week asundor, tfor T. W. Kydor.E 3,000o<n-«, 11»., cash; - OrattsD, Etq" 8,400 . Me., j months ; Erc'slue Banks, Eäq , 3,01)0 do., BJ.1; do ; John Potcrs, Esq., 8,600, Hr., 3 months ; fl Swap, Lsq., 1,600 elo., Ils., forms. Total, 13,' Btalloin.- v/e havo sold the Baintfluld S-atlon, in Kurray dlitrlct, wlih roo citlle, for ¡C L,3Jü. i UOR3B MfVItKED. 'Í I"«'. t'W, Kirk, MdOM-oiwrt:-'/Ii lue. part-of tho week, there avas a fair supply of tralnod * boner, and toles were readily effected at last quota- ' tlons; towards the latter part, hoavevor, ' trodo avas dull, and but little business was transacted at tho ntnul auction sales, in consequence of tho Jockey Club Enees having been adveitised to como off on Thurs Ccy Mid following daw. First-olass hoavy draught lories not much Inquired for ; second class And pur cknteio at £30 to ¿245 ; mldollng in fair demand, at £15 to C'S. Numerous inquiries for flrst-r'asa nacki, which aro still sraico ; second-olasB In good ilo-na-id as lattaaccth's quotations. Stock horses oro also ni'io*. i fr quired for, and fair prlcos can bo obtained fa goo I . J orr es if of tho right ago, and fit for work. Vio liav J but fiav transactions In unbroken stock to report thU M eck. Our sales wore l'milo i to tavo mob3, avhlah, being .a ming and of very Inferior quality, could only bo quitted at low raton. Horses cuitablo for ship- ment to India aaould fled a ready salo now, tliero being several buyers In tho market at present, and wa -aaould rccommond holders of such stock to forward them at once." Mr. B, Purcoll gtvos tho folloavlug markot ropmt : "Thtro was a great scarcity of fro»h stool: tim woek In tho horse market, and business has b;en dull in ccrscqnenco Buyers aro numerous for woll-coudt liciifd coln and Allic»; plough horses aro also in iiirnnd. Sinco lsst report we bavo cold a draft of nr broken colts and lillies, in fair condition, adapto 1 fi r coaching purposes, at frou. £0 to £21, averaging .{12 Is Od ; ulso a lot of 63 mlxod horses, unbroken, it .£.10109. porhcad. Amoigatthlslotworoanumbsr f,f poor ni.d light stock. Good light harness horjes ara In <'( mond, but Ibo market is vory boro. Ordliary light cart-horsos aro Bold al from £12 to £21," LABOUR MABKET". lhere is no iraprovotoont to report in this markot. All descriptions of labour aie amply supplied, and liquiremont», oaaiug partly to tbo season of thoyoar, b ing light, many of all classes aro unouaploycd. With tlo exception of a small inquiry far ploughmen, tlirro Is scarcely any domand for fnrn»l»g mon Stoo't rctn, shcpliords, labourers for rough work, &c;, aro «eddy procured in the districts avhero Ihoy ni o noeded, an 1 thora ¡s consequently but littlo inqalry in toi.n for these dcicrlptioiip. Malo domestics, both for i own and country, aro but in easy request. Married couples (unencumbered with young families) aro In 1 «t mcdirslo Inquiry. Pooalo servants, tilth w iircnces a3 to character and ability,aro scarce and it quired, but those unaccustomed to household work laao dltrlculty in pioouring ongaeamonta. Tradoa rr cn, nioclianics, skilled workmen, &o.;, aro supplied far in excess of requirement, and numbors aro re p rtccl to bo unemployed. It&tcsofaaagesaro;,lioivcvor, inmiiiolly unchanged, and nro quoted na folloav», ar.rlationa being In aomo InBtanccb made to moot dr- ei mslniiecs :-Married couples, with families, £30 to £70 P'f rnnuni; without ehiltlron, £70 to £75 Do. ; gardeners, £62 to £00 do. ; grooms, 20f. to 25s. l<r aveik ; bhephorda, £85 to £30 per year; hut 1 «pels, £20 to £26 do, ; gouoral farm eel vants, 20s, t ii ivcok ; ploughmen, 20s por do. ; bullock driven i n read, ¡5s. do ; do, on farms and stations, 15s. to ÍOE. do.; reaper», 20». to 25s. por aero; blrdcis, Tis per week ; mon cooles, for farms and stations, 10s. to 25s. do. ; oooks, for hotels, from £2 to £1 do. ; female cooks, from £10 to £52 per year ; general uivants, £25 to £30 por yoar ; nursemaid!!, £10 t » £?5 d.->. ; laundrcssos, £30 to £35 do. ; housemaids, £26 to £i0 do ; parlourmaids, £25 to £80 do. ; car- penters, Ile, to 12s. a day ; masons, brlcklaycra, black fniltlis, 31s. to 18J do. ; pkk- and-ahovol mo«, 7¿. do.; cartels and »toro labouiors, 40s. to 503. a week ; quorrymen, 10s. to 12a. per day ; fencers, 2». 8d. to 2a. Od. a rod ; splitting posts and rails, £0j. to 30s. nor 100. SEAMEN'S WADES. j Tho iuquliy for soamon has declined, and tliero Is noav a good supply of hands Booking ships. Hatos Of wages for all voyages continuo at £4 por month, OARTAQE. Tho amount of loading for the country has boo'i light throughout tho avoek. The competition amengst teamsters Is considerable, and it is diffi- cult to ascertain tho actual rates paying; tlii following aro, however, about tho current i ates f u ioncral loading, innchinory, timber, luggage, &e;" being usually subjeot to special »grosmont :-Bul ](,ck-tcanis-Albury, £8 10s.; Avoca, £4; Beceh .aaorth, £7 6s.; Bondigo, £3 17s Od.; Bushland, Si 10s.;DonllIquin, £710s. ; Dunolly, £4; Echuc,i,'.-Ca ; Indigo, £7 5s.; Jim Crow, £316s; Maryborough, Ci 16s.; Mount Korong, £6 ; M'lvor, £310s. ; Wanga- ratta, £6 16s. ; Yackandandah, £7 16s. Horso teams Albury, £10 ; Avoca, £6 5s. ; Beechworth, £8 5s. ; Bendigo, £110s. ; Buckland, £1010a. ; Castlemaine, £310s. ; Deniliquin, £10 : Dunolly, £5 10s. ; Datsv HU!, £5; Echuca, £8; Fryer's Crook, £3 ISs. ; In- digo, £8 Se. ; Inglewood, £5 5s, ; Jim Croav, £5 ; Forest Creek, £3 7s. Od. ; Maryborough, £6 ; Mount Korong, £7; M'lvor, £4 10s.; Rushworth, £6 10). ; Swan Hill, £12; Tarrengower, £5 ; Taradale, £3 5s.; Wangaratta, £715s. ; Yackandandah, £010s. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CUR- RENT. Business since the dato of our last monthly report nos been exceedingly quiet. Traffic with tho Interior bas boon greatly interfered iritb, and occasionally tom porarlly eusponded, In consequence of the floods from heavy rains. Tho unseasonable avoathor has deterred country buyers from operating to any oxtont. The advices by tho lost mall of continued decreaso in shipments of most descriptions of goods havo tonded to give a flrmncBa to pricos, but tho Btocks on hand aro generally so oxcosslvo that a long contlnuanco oí re- duced thipmonts must ocourboforo prices can bo In- fluenced for the better. Tho trado, however, thntjs doing Is In a boah by condition ; purcbasors buy aaltli cautlo.i and to limited extent ; acceptances aro well mot ; and tho limitation of credit has Induced a saundor stato cf business among tho mercantile community. Til J great want of a steady stream of immigration of course affocts tho extent of consumption ot Importo I (.nods With a fixed population, aahlch is tho c.t»o at present lu Victoria, a decreased consumption or imported goodB must certainly bo looked for ; and It. therefore remains In tho hands of shippers, in g mat measure to regulate pricos boro, by their disci otlon in tbo amount of their shlpmonts from tho homo markets. All spoculattvo feeling seems to havo dloJ out, and contequontly, whatever soles aro effuotod being for immediate use, rcduco stocks, and must ulti- mately produce a favourable result for shippers, pro- vided supplies aro kept within tho bounds of modera- tion, whioh has unfortunately been too long lost sight of. With those remarks wo proceed to dotailcd par- ticulars of tho leading articles of Importation : Ale and Portor.-Ino arrival of tho now brew having commenced, holdois of last season's aloa havo shown an Inclination to olear out, and lower prlcos have con- sequently been submitted to, sales of Bass's So. 3 being reported as low as £7 15s. per hbd. Draught stout lu limited Inquiry, Bottlod beer ia in stoody demand, and, slnco tho arrival of the mall, sales of Byass's stout ore reported at lis. Alo of the same brand brings 10s. ptr dozen, and loss appreciated sorts proportionate prices. Quotations ore :-Ala-Bass'sNo. 8, £8 to £8 5s.; Allsopp's, £8; other Burton browora',£7 to £7 10a ; Joule's Stone, £8; Tonnont's, £7 per hhd, ; By ass's bottled, 11s. ; otbor bottlers', 10s. por dozon. .Stout Best brand», £7 10s. ; other brewers', £6 10s. per bhd.; bottled-Gulmicus's, 11s. Od.; Byass'», 11s.; other brands. 10s. per dozon. Bags and Sacks,-Demand has been very dull, and v.ith the exception of a feav «nail sales of thrco bushel bags to tho tr»do, at from lls.Od, tolls. Od, per dozon, there ore no transactions to report. Butter.--Iho shlpmonts of this artiolo aro again too heavy to admit of Improvement in prlcos in Hil* mar. ktt, and tbo unusual rains which haue fallen llirongn out tnej, summer having induced an abundance of green food, a plentiful supply of frosh butter lias been produced, which of courso tonds to depress tho Balo and pricos of Imported sorts. Quotations for newly-landed parcels of double roso Cork aro glvon at from lOJd. to lid. per lb. Candles.-Notwithstanding tbo late arrivals, thora is still a good demand for lib. packets. Of full »eights tho market Is by no moans well supplied ; light ta-elglits are In botter supply and not quito so readily saleable, but shlpmonts of good qualities and weight find ready tale at following prices :-Novastcarlnea, Is. 6Jrl. ; do. composlto, Is. ; Belmont sperm, Is, 4Jd. ; Ogloby's, Is. 4Jd. ; HW«,Is. 4d. to Is, lid. per lb. Cement.-Purchases of some oxtont having bson entered luto, prices are rather strengthened, but are still unfavourable for shippers. Confectionery.-Demand continuos very light, and sales can only bo effected in small lots, at from lOJd. I tolOJd. per lb. [ Cordage continuos gonorally dull of salo, at un- changed prices ; good seaming twine is light in stock and in steady Inquiry. Roping woll'supplied. Quota- tions »re-Kuropo, £30 per ton ; Russian, £i0 per ton; coir rope, £30 per ton: Manilla ropa, assorted iIzeB, £48 per ton; shop twine, Od. per lb. ; sowing twine, 12Jd. por lb, ; oakum, £30 por ton. Coal».-English aro scarce-, and quoted as worth 46s. per ton In tbo bay. Colonial at prosont but lightly supplied, and soiling at 37s. per ton on tho wharf. Drugs.-Wo can report no change in tho prions of articles under this beading. Arrivals of opium have been considerable. Soda ash and caustic soda are in rather hotter Inquiry. Soda crystals aro abo ilrmor, but still In but little inquiry. Fatna opium is quoted at from £200 to £270 per ehest ; prepared, 81e. to 82a. per canister ; soda crystals, £10 to £10 10s. ; Bodi sib, £14 10f. to £15 los. ; sulphur (flour), -CIS 10s. to £10 per ton. Earthenware presents not the slightest improve- ment, supplies still pressing heavily on the market. Fish.-with tbe exception of white herrings, tbere is no inquiry. Prune new Ung Is worth about 4Jd. per lb., bait lo very limited demand. Red berring« am ali but unsaleable at almost any figure. | Flour and Grain.-The market for Hour has con- tinued steady until the last week, whon heavy anlva'f having come ia from South Australia, and furthei lupplics reached us from tho United States of Atne> tica, demand has boen checked and prices show an In- clination to give way. As many of our country dis- tricts are now supplied by tbo local mills, tho doinnnd in town 1« nearly confined to tho consumption of Mel lourno and Its suburbs, and as arrivals from thi neighbouring colonies aro likely soon to produce a» accumulating stock In band, a lall In prices may fairly be looked- far. Quotations aro as follow:-Adelaldi iori», £10 to £17; Tasmanian and Victorian, £16 : Chilian and Californian, £16 10s. to £10 por tin United States, 86s. to 80s. per barrel. Wheat. -Sup pitts are coming forward moro freely, and millen «re purchasing at from 0s. Od. to 7s 4d. pei boihu for colonial grown beBt quality, Then is still a considerable stock of Callfurnian wbeai cn band; bat as it requires mixing with colo ulai, it Is of slow sale. Oats.-Sales ore nlmcst con fined to colonial grown, ona parcels of sweet California! and Danish, Of tbo largo stocks so long on hand considerable quantities bave or oro fast becoming unfit for horse feed, and ara below quotation. Quotation! for good sweet sorts aro-Scotch and Irish, 2s. to 2s Od. ; Dutch and Danish, 2s. Od. to 3a. ; Russian am Calcutta, 2s. 6d. to 8s. : Californian, 39. to 8s. 2J. colonial, 8s. lid. to 4s. 3d. per busbel ot 401b. Barlej ho» but lightly supplied, but prices aro nominal. Maizi has declined In demand, owing to the advanced rates o: 4s. 6d. to la. lOd. per bushel asked by boldon. Oran is still light in stock, but in little inquiry, and quoted at £18 por ton. Matt continues in fair inquiry, atti advices of docUaod shipments have induced more firm ness on thapart of holders, lSe. being the price re quired for Koglkui of good quality. Oatmeal is in fall Inquiry-English, at from £18 to £20 per toa ; colo nial, at £25. Dried Fruits.-There is scarcely demand for ana description, and with ourabundan t supply of fresh sorti tbere is no prospect of demand for dried sorts anti tbe close of our season. Quotations aro consequent!} nominal, and are given as follow: -Almonds, Jordan Is. (2d. to Is. 4d. : soft shell, 6d. ; currants (Pairas 2jd. M 4d. ; rslaíiis-Muscatels (laj or»), 5}d. to Od. ' lore, Cd. to 6JU. ; French plums (bottles), 8U. to 10d.< figs, 4}d. to 6ti;: Barcelona nuts. 4d. to 6d, ; dried apples (American) 8Jo\ to'4W. per lb. OlsKiWirc, -There is a raihorjiottor inquiry for gool «heap tumblers. Qoodassortments of cut-trlfiis appear lo be getting low In stock, but prices thuw no im- provement. Hardware and Ironmongery do not show the blig'n'. est prospect of improvement. Arrivals havo to b3 Htortd, it being impossible even to torco sales at presents UollbVarc also is overdonr-, and has hecomo quilo cnsaleahlo. Hops havo doclined in value, owing tolessonod In- quiry ; and at the trado are supposed to havo supplied tlumse'ves ,to guard against the expected deficiency, I nyers aro scarce and prices almost nominal. Groceries.-Tens have oontlnuod dull throughout, ?the menin. Several 'parcels offered by auction htvj 1 ten cither bought in or forced off at reduced price« the trade showing no disposition to lay in stocks. Ce Hi OB are in stoutly demand, and stocks faut reducing ai,d being well held advancing rates are leaked for. i Sugars aio very firm, and readily taken off by tho tri do at full quotations. Bice-In expectation at airlvals of tho now crop, prices aro «wider, and ea<cs ore effecting at lower rates. Quotation? »re-Teas (duty paid) - Congou, good ordinary to fino, £10 to £12 per client; inferior to ordi- nary, £7 to £9 per chest; hysonskin, £7 por chest; gunpowdor, Ss. to33.Su. ; imporlal, 2s. Cd. to Sa ; hyson, 2s. 9d. to 8s. ; orange pekoe, scented, 2s. fld. to 8s. 3d. per lb. OotToo (in bend) - Ceylon plantation, Is. ; nativo, lojd. per lb. Sugar-Cossi poro, No. 1, 64s. ; Mauritius, crystallized white, 4 lu. to 46s. Cd. . low to une yellow, 80s. to 41s. ; low to Ano brown, 30s. to 86s. ; syrups, 24s. to 203. per cwt. ; rice, Fatna, 17s. to 17s. 3d. por uwt, Malchos and voBtas continue very unsaleable even ai very miserable raton. votais.-Corrugated galvanized iron of light gangoi is In slightly botter demand, but stookB aro too heavy to tdmit cf amendment In prices. Plain gulvuiiizoi and sheet aro In moderato demand at fair prices, at w oil as plato iron, some sizes of which aro becoming »careo. Sheet lead la still heavy lu stock, and, tilth 1ho falling off in building operations, prices aro Ilkoly to keep low. '/Ave, particularly tho lighter numbera , (cf wbieh thoro is but a Bmall supply in tho markot), is in lair demand. There is no black wiro in flr-it hands, mid a gr-od inmiiry exists. Tin plates nr.t also in rallier better demand. Quotations aro us fol- low :-Iron, Morowood's pitout oorrugr.tod gal- vanized tinned, 24 and 20 gauges, £36 per ton i More weed's corrugated galvanized, fío. 2, or untinnoJr £83 do.; Tnpper'a do., £?S do.; Hamilton's o' other Enirhsli maker's, £80 do. ; Scotch, £28 do. ; ííorcwocd's galvanized fclnnedplaln, 20anil28gaitgep, £44 do. ; Ttippor's, or 11 ioi' English umkor's, £42 do. ; Scotch, do., £85 do. ; rod and bur, best Staffordshire brande, BBH, £10 do. ; do,, Scotch, £9 do. ; plate, £J4 do.; sheet assorted, £16 do.; anglo and T., £10 do.; hoop, £12103. do,; pig, £6 do.; Sttcllsh, no tale. Iicrtd-Pipe, assorted alzos, £28 to £29 tie». ; tsl'xct, milled, assorted, ££8 do. ; shot, assorte!, £82 do. Quicksilver, 2s, 8d. per lb. Steol-Blister, £2 ft. per awt. ; cast, £2 10s. do. Tin-Block, le. Od, to l8. Od. por lb. ; plates, charcoal, IO, plates, charcoal, IX, 25 per cent, advance. " Wiro -Fencing, black, £14 10s.portón; galvanized, Ko». 1 to 6, £18 do. Zinc- Hollod, light, £80 do. ; do. nails, £2 8B. to £210s. por cwt Oilmen's Stores.-Theio bos been a somewhat better trade doing in these articles since our lost report. li ntl ard 1B In fair demrad, and in tins is scarce. I'kklji are in good request. Salad oil, salmon, mid saidinc-i »re barely supplied, and muoh wantod. Starch and "blue, in small lots, And ready salo at Improved rates. In other goods wo havo no change to notice Stoc< arc generally well held, and if shipments keep at all medcrato, prices aro likely to improve. Quotations are as follow :-Blue, thumb, lid. per lb. ; currie powder, quarts, 18s. to 14s. por dozen; fruits, bottled, quarts, 11s. do. ; jams and jellies, lib. tins, Ho. do. ; lobsters, lib. tins, American, 8s. Od. do; macearon! and vermicelli, white, Naples and Genoa, Od. per lb. ; must-trd, in bulk, No. 2, 8d. do. ; do., in lib. bottles, 18s. per dozen ; do., in iib. bottles, 7s. 6d. do. ; oatmeal, £20 per ton ; oysters, presorved, lib. tins, 14s. per dozen ; do,, 21b. tins, 17s. to £1 do. ; pickles, quarts, 10s. to Jin. Cd. do, ; do-, pints, 8s. 3d. do. ; proiorved meatp, 21b. tins, wanted ; salad oil, pints, 14s. Od. per dozen ; do., balf-plnts. 10B. Cd. do.; salmon, preserved, lib. tin--, 19s. do. ; sardines, halvos, 10a. Od, do. ; do., quarters, 6s. 8d. do. ; Raucos, assorted, half-pints, 8s. do. s do., Worcestershire (Lea and Perrin'»), 12s. to 12s. Bl. do.; Btarch (Colman's), 6}d. per lb.; vinegar, brown (Champlon's24), 1B. 10d.|por gallon ; do., concentrated, quarts, 9s. to 10a. per dozen ; trilito v. hie, Is. Gd. tj IB. 0d. per gallon. Oils, Paints, &o; \- LlnBCcd oil his beon more Inquired foi', particularly since the arrival of tho mail, and pricos havo an upward tendency. Colza oil Is light ia stock, and in fait domand. Turpontlno lo castor. Paints aro unsaleable, but for whlto lead thcro is an improvod demand. Prices aro as follow :-Linsood oil, raw, Ss. Od. ; boilod, 8s. lid. ; colzi, 6s.; Chinóse, 4s. 6d. (In tins) ¡turpentine, 43. Od. per gallon; whlto lead, best, 80s. ; red load, 28s. par awt. Provisions-Beally primo parcels of cheoso moto off readily nt fair rate». Hants and bacon of b-bt. qualities are but of limited sale, whilst tho contdik-r ablo steckt of inferior descriptions aro very difficult of salo, even nt very low figures. Best ileecrlptiom aro quoted as follow :-Bacon, Varcy's, Od. to OJd. ; 3lu . clair's, 9'd. to lOd. ; Oompton's, gd. to 8jd. ; him». Varey'«, 12d. to 12id. ; Sinclair», HJd.; Cumboi-Und, lOJd. to HJd.; Westphalia, 7}d. to 8d. per lb.; cheese, doublo Gloucortor, In. Id. to le. lid. ; Wilt. Bhlro, In. ljd. to lo. 2d. ; Ohetlih-e, Is. Id. ; Gouda, 7Jd.toSd. per lb.; pork, Irish mois, £6 10s. p:r barrel ; beef, £6 per tlorce, . Powder.-Reduced shipments haa-o Induced firmness m tho part of holders, and Sd. por lb. for Rood blast- ing sorts is asked. Stocks, however, aro still hcaa-y. Salt is ralhor oaslor. Shipments hava como to hu.ul freely. Fino salt is ovor- suppllod. Liverpool Ano la quoted at £4 to £4 58. ; coarse, £410s. por ton. Slates aro in but moderato demand, lessoned sh ip mentsbave, bowovor, induced holders to ask cdvancc-.l prices ; and for countesses, £13 per 1,000 U asked. Spirits.-Thoro appears to baan apathy in tim sp! -it n'orkot, for, avith light supplies on the avay, ami do creasing stock«, no advnnco in prices can boicportcd. Brandy Is ccarcoly so firm as at our last advices, Hum is in lessoned domand, low strengths only being lu \ any inquiry. Whiskey in bulk is slightly moro in do maud. Old tom, dull of salo. G mi ova romains very taleablo at steady ratos. Quotations ara as follow: - (In bond)-Brandy, Mai toll's dark.jlls. 3d. por gal- lon ; Henncssy's do., 11s. do. ; palo, 12s, Od, ; Otard's, 10s, Od. do.; U.V. 1'roprlotors' do., 0». Od. do.; Ommpagno Vineyard Proprietors' Company's d»., ¡nillo, 11s. do ; Vlnegrowora', 10s. Od. do.; other brands do., 6s. to 8s. do. ; palo, Mnrtell'ii, 12s. Od. do. ; do., do., or Hennessy'», 34s. par doren ci »o; do., U.V. Proprietors', 20s. do.; Vinegroavers', 21u. «lo. ; Champagne Vlnoyard Proprietors' Company's, 23s. do ; Clouzoau'S, 20». do. Geneva, JDKZ or key brand, 10s per 4-gallon caso ; do., do., 0s. Od. i>--r balf-caso ; do,, other brands, 10s. to 18s. por caso, Oin -London old tom, best brands, 2a. to '¿a. CU. per gal- lon ! do., do., 13s. Od. per dozen. Rum- East india, 20 to SO o.p" Is. Cd, to 2s. 3d. per gallon; West India, i 10 to 12 o.p., 8a. Od. do. ; do,, 20 to 80 o.p., 4a. do, Whiskey, Irish, Mohan's, 4s. OJ. do, ; Scotch, best, 4s. Od. .do. ; do., best brands, 10s. per dozon case. Timber.-Tho market Is hardly so firm as at tbo dato of our last report. Tho trade complain of great ilulncas, and »re dUinolIncd to purchase. Bullio logs, Is. Od, per foot cubo, Orogon, £3 10a. to £0 10s. per 1,000 foet» Codar-Logs, 10a. Od. to 21n. Gd. per 100 feet ; boards, lui. and upward«, 3-k). to Id. per foot Bupor. Liunber and sholvinrr, £18porl,00ifoot. Deals-Red, 0x3, Old to OJd. per foot ; Ux3, 7-¡d. to Ed. do. Heotob. propared flooring, ti x 1J, l}d. per foot ; 6 x J, l«d. do. ; 0 x }, 1 7-lOd. do ; e x i, lid. do. Pitch or hard pino, lin., £13 por 1,000 feet ; liln., £14 10s. do. Cloar pino, 1 n ,"£12 10). to £18per 1,000fcotJ l}ln.to2ln.(£147s. Od.to £1015). per 1,000 loot. Scotch avoatlicrboarels, 7 x 3\, ljd. par loot ; 7 x J, Id. do. Kaurlo pino. Vit. to lbs. per 100 feet, Van Dleinon's Land liardivood, 10s. fld. tolls. Cd. por 100. Saavn laths, 4ft, 20s, por 1,000 ; 4l(t, 2£s. do. Hobart Toavn palings, tft, 5s. O.'.^ier 100 ; «lit., 8a. do. ; box, 6ft., 12a. to 15a. do. ; Oft., 16s. t--> 18s. do. ; Launceston and Circular Head do., 6ft., 12s. Od. to 14s do. ; 0ft., 20s. to 2is do. American door», CF. Od, to 10s. each ; do. Baslios, fis. Oil. to 13a. por pair. Tobacco -Prloea Imvn uudc-rgono but littlo chango, although there Is rather a turu in favour of buyers, moro particularly for tavtst. Prices aro, boavovor, given as follo'va ¡-Cigars (in bond)-Havannah', real, per 1,000, £12; Imitation do., do, £8 to £10; Ma- nilla ehcrootB, Ko. 2, do., £2 10s to £2 15s. ; No. 2, Havaiiuah snape, do., £2 3a. to £2 10s. Tobacco - Barrett's anchor brand, per lb., 2s. ; do, eroivn do,, do., ls.-7d. to Is. 8d. ; ICurle, do., do., Is. 7d. ta lp. 8d. do. ; honeydew, 2'01b. boxes, half-lb. lumps, lC'd. to 10td do. ; Honeydew, 8'a anti 10's, 01, to 101. ; Ilcrr's brai'il, la, 7d. ; shoepavush, 2d, to 4d. per lb. Wines.-Ports have leen In some lequcst, nud e,on .-ielcrablo pareóla liaa-o bean piscad, muro particularly ni low and medium quahtits. Thomaikct for f-limlt-s is much deprosscd. Tho oargo por Alluo Maud w.is mbmlttcd by auotioiiibutcli'efly bought in, Hiero being no disposition on tho part of the trade to purchase», 'ino a-ariablo and unsettled avcathor lias been groa' !y nganiBt the salo of light wines, and vci y foav irausac t urs have taken placo. RAILWAYS. The following is a stiitcment of tile traffic re- turns of all tho rallavay" lines in operation m "Victoria for tho month of January (ivith the ex ieption of the Essendon) : Pns songorsi £ B. d. (loacrnmcnt Line: 8230 10 0 Mclboumenndllob son's3ay ..5100 3 0 MclComne audSub urban .. .,3300 11 0 St. Kilda and Brigh- ton . 1005 11 1 Mer- chandise. (721)8 1 2032 13 Tofal. J £ . 18583' ä. el. 1 1 S03S 10 3300 11 1104'lü 111 SHIPPING-01? THE MONTH. PORT OP MELBOURNE. yUmiVÁIiS AND CLEARANCES BIKCB OUR LAST S Pit St A ti 1. IB., British ; A., Aineiican ; Au., Austrian ; Di, Danish ; S>., Dutch; F., French ;X¡h., .Chilian ; P., Portugucso ; Ii., Hamburg ; N., Tíoriyeglan ; S., Swedish ; Behr,, Belgian ; Br., Bremen,; Pi-., Pi-u». siaii ; s.', ship ; b., baiquo ; br., brig; so., schooner; st., steamer.] Jan. AKIUVKU. 25\. "Zambesi, B s, 1,030, O. Thomas, Liverpool -K Toavns and Co, . 20\. ShBokamaxon, B.'s., 080, J. B. Toulon, Lia-erpjo! -Do Pass Brothers and Co. 20\. Aloe, B. s., 1,023, J. O. Ferguson, Lindon.-De Past Brothers ai,d Co - 30 Maiy Kors, H b, 40Í, 1*. flehoik, Hamburg Haego and Prell. 30\. Witcn or tho AVave, A. s., 1,11)7, J. E. A Tod 1, London.-Haloigho, Daugliih, ana Co. 20\. Rembrandt, Br. b, 400, A. If. Fitkc, Hcng líon¿ -Captain. rtb. ,4. Julia, D. b., 850, A. Von der Toa, Leith-Mi; fsrlan and Co. 4\. James Booth, B. s, 037, W. M. Arnold, Llaerpojl. \- Bright Brothers and Co. ' 7\. Agincourt, B. «,004, G. Tickle, London.-W. P. AS bite and Co. 7\. Donls lilli, B. b.. 348,at Atkin, ruo ChOR'Foa. Fanning, ¡Yaukivell, and Co. 7\. Lconidn', B. b, 220, P. J. Allard;ce, Mauritius ? Fanning, KauMvell, and Co, 10 Norfulk, U. a, 1,100, J;3. AtwoodrLondon - w. P. V.'hlto and Co I 11\. /.urtialta, H, br., J!0, C. A. Jansfn, Ha>irl:).i».- I i DUiUist nu lirvliicis and Co. J 11\. Edmond Wnifrom, F. br., 229, L. Rouiller, Bor deaux.-Curclerand Adet. 16\. Jeddo, B. st., 2,000, W. Soames, Point do GAIIO. -Jno. Sparken. 30\. Henry Reed, B. b, 495, W. Davey, London. Smith, Strachan, and Co. 17\. Adirondack, A. s" ABO, F. Burmlator, Now York. Fisher, Picards, and Co. 17\. William Wright, B. s, 762, B. Jones, London. I»o Pass Brothers and Co. r 10\. Elizabeth, H. b., 290, T. Lassen, Hamburg. F. 8. Hakowski. 21\. William Wirt, A. B., 899, Boston.-Wllklnso-i Bl others and Co. , 21 Florinr, B. s., 1,042, Glasgow.-Flower, H'Donald, and Co. , Jnn. CLEARED OUT. ' 26\. Canton, Da. b., 286, G. H. Godt, Singapore.-Do Pars Brothers and Co. ' 26\. Behar,- B. B., 1,091, W. F. Norio, Galle.-J. 20, Chatillon, F. b., J464, E. Bonnln, Galle.-Dowala and Murphy. < 26\. Copenhagen, B. s,, 876, J. B. Godfrey, London. Dalgety and Co. 20, Sunbeam, B. b., 448, J. Balgo, Guam.-Henty and Co. 28\. Formosa,!.B. b., 480,fJ. towrlo, Calcutta.-Joshm Brothers. 20\. Black Swan, B. B., [969, J. Brlnsden, Callao. Joake Brothers. 81\. Wigtownshire, B. s., 1.C86, B. Bel], Callao.-R. Towna and Co. , Feb. 1, Empress of tho Seas, B. s., 01,040,3 J. Purvey Livorpool.-Bright Brothors and Co. 2 Owen Glendower, B. B, 990, Q. ^ieklnion, Lon- don -W. P. White and Co. 4\. ExpreB», B. se, 8 192, T. Woodcock, Guam. Dennistoun Brothers and Co. 0\. Ma} flower, B s., 698, A. Kerr, Callao.-Raleighs, Daugiish, and Co. 7\. Harriet Armytage, B. br., 199, J. Smith, Guam. Dalgety and Co. 7\. Ulebor, A. b., 419, G. A. Biglow, London.-H. If. Murphy. 8\. Jinglo Speod, A. s., 1,270, M. F. Pickorlng, Powder Horn, U.S.-Miohaolia and Co. 5\. Nazareno, B s., 985, J. Doran, Otago, N. Z.-Geo. Doran. ' 9\. Blue Jucket, B. s., 986, II. Clarko, Point do Galle. -Lurlmor and Co. 12\. Armin, Oldenburg B" 852, V. fiomner, Guam. Dove, Onwald, and Co. 12 Dorothy Jobson, B.br., 258, M. Young, Mauritius. -Fanning and Co. 14\. Morning Light, B. s., 2,377, J. Gillios, Auokjand, N.Z.-Loiimcr and Co. 14\. Obcar.-H. b, 207, G. Matthieu, Calcutta.-Woolley and Nephow. . 34\. liosettc, A. s, 608, J. Pierro, Guam.-Kong Meng and Co. 10\. Dollart, B. b, 811, L. H. Muggcnborg, Guam. Bright Brothers and Co, 10\. Kout, B. s., M. T. Clayton, London_W. P. Whito and Co. 10 Ormcllo, B. b., 655, J. Wylie, Callao.-J. Jordan. l8. Marco Polo, B. s" 1,030, D. 13. Johnston, Liver- pool.- Blight Brothers and Co. l8. Peru, K. s., 083, H. A. O. Sur.no, London.-Gibb}, Bonah!, and Co. 10\. Detroit, A. s., 1,245, J. B. Curtis, Callao.-B. Towns and Co. 20,'£baekamaxon, B. s., 989, J. B. Teuton, Bangoon. -Do Pass Brothors and Co. 20\. Zambofl, B. B., 1,089, O. Thomas, Callao.-B. Towns and Co, 