AGRICULTURE. Whilst wo were last week oxperioncing fino weather, with a brcczo from tlio nortli-oa3t and north, our neighbours in New South Wales were almost deluged by heavy rains, which caused nil . tlio principal rivers on tho eastern oaust to rise io an unusual height. Within the last two or thrco days Iho wind has been from tho samo quarter, and has tondod to increase the wont of rain now felt in the pastoral dis tricts of tho colony. Wo ; may look forward for our supply of rain, to tho time when tlio present land winds cease, and are followed by reactionary currents from tho sea. This, tiio best month for sowing wheat, has so far been exceedingly favourable. Tho ground is in ox-' eellent order, arid, if proper care is taken in tlio selection of seed, this will. go far to giro a; prospect of a good , crop., Wo neod not im-; press upon our agriculturists the necessity, for care in tlio selection of proper seed, and for a judicious change of soil, for oven seed of the best description. Not only is a change of. soil desirable,', but a change of . climate Is -known to produce a most boneGoial effect. But whon! farmers go to tho trouble and expense of inak- i ing a- proper change of seed, whethor it bo of wheat or of any-other cereal, they should tako card to .have at onco a perfect ohange, in nil respects, so far as thut is possible. Suppose, for example, that a farmer on tho Lower Plenty, where tho soil is a mixture of tertiary drift witli a rich soil of basaltic origin, wished for a change of seed, ho might exchange with a farmor at Oroswick, Kilinore, or Kynoton, in each of which places the soil is .volcanic of reeont origin, whilst tlio olovation of. theso localities above tho level of the sen, and nlso of tho Lowor Plenty, gives to them a later nnd an entirely different climate. Agricultural societies. ' might, witli' great advantage to tlio "ountry, undcrtako tho task of arranging witli each ,other for a proper exoliango of seeds on behalf of their members. As illustrative of tlio im-. portanco of this subject, it. may bo mentioned as a well-known fact, in both England nnd ScotR'nd, that seed whent from Australia, when sown in either country, grows so inuch better thai: other sorts in the same field, that the difference can be easily seen ovon: from a eon- Bidorablo distance. Tlio future of tlieso colo nies, it is to bo hoped, will witness a rapid in': crease in population ; tbo Btops takon by, Queensland, and by. New South Wales, to make known throughout the United Kingdom tho advantages those colonies' offer to immi grants, will probably have the effect of inducing many .to settle in those colonies. Tho Victo rian immigration scheme also - will do a little towards increasing tlio population 'of ; this colony ; and, seeing that wo aro vory fur oven now from supplying our own vyants, our agriculturists should this year sow as much now land as possiblo. "We' are aware of tlio usual complaint that it does not pay to furm here, and that thoroforo there is. no : use in extending farming operations ; but if South ; Australia can muko farming pay, — but, what is more to tho point, — if 'California, which in all respects resembles this colony, can cultivate so successfully as to send oven to this colony not only breadsluffs but food for our horses, it u beyond comprehension .why Vietoria cannot compote, in her own market, with' both coun tries, or with any other country. In tho hay market there is littlo change to notice. Tho market is fully supplied ; the demand is bettor, but prices continue the same. The very best liny brings from L7 to L7 10s. per ton; Some 'hydraulic pressed hoy has re cently como to hand, and is reported to havo mot with a ready sale at from LG lOs. to L7103.'por ton. . : _ The flour market is reported quiet. ' . Impor tations have ,been;.during.tho last week, heavy, and as tho price of carriage . still operates ngnin9t tlio usual intercourse with tho country, ' few transactions have taken place. As tlio j stocks, both hero and in South Australia, are supposed to bo small, holders are net disposed ( to sell nt present. Closing quotations aro ns follow : — Flour,- town nnd country inntle, L17 j to LIS ; Tasnianinn, L17 to L17 10s. ; Ado. j laido sorts, L17 to L18 10s. ; Hurt's nnd j JIagnrey's superfine, L19 ; United States, 43s. 1 to 44s. per barrel. Wheat : Holders of first- class wheat for milling purposes, aro holding for' higher rates. Prices may bo quoted nt from Gs, 9d. to 7s. 3d. ; Adelaide sorts, 7s. Gd. to 8s. per bushol. Oats are firm, and maintain their position. Tlio following prices may bo quotoci : — Scotch anil Irish, 3s. to 3s. lid. j Russian, 3s. ; Dutch, Danish, nnd Calcutta, 3s. 3d. to 3s. 4 Id. ; Califorman, 3s. Gd. ; colonial, 3s. 9d. to 4s. 3d. per bushol. Barley, 5s, Gd. to Gs. ; English malting, Gs. to 7s. ; maize, 5s. 3d. to 5s Gd per bushel ; gram, L13 per ton ; bran, Is 2d to Is 3d per .bushel ; oatmeal, Scotch, L18 to L20 ; do, colonial, L25 ; malt, 13s to 13s Gd per bushel. Potatoes nro in steady demand. Somo lots have arrived coastwise, nnd invo met with a ready sale nt from Ll 15s to L5 10s per ton. Onions, L5. In rcforenco to tho plcuro-pncumonia disease, no fresh cases, except thnt of tho working bullocks near tlio Buekland, linve been reported ; yesterday, however, n letter reached tlio Government, from tlio Govern ment of New South Wales, in reference to a team of working bullocks found to bo diseased in tho latter colony, and which team had crossed from this colony at 6O1110 timo or another. We havo lenrned Die above purely by accident ; nnd were politely refused any ' particulars ns to tlio nature of tiio communication. If sccrccy ho tlio policy of tlio new order of things, it is ivoll that it should be made known. Wo can only say that tlio honorary commissioners deemed it their duty to furnish tlio public journals witli every information in their poivor ; and from the public-spirited manner in which tlio papers published all intelligence about tho disease, and that witiiout cost to tlio country, more' good was done in preventing the sprend of the disease by inducing care and caution than people nro aware of. Tho fact of the disenso appearing in New South Wales proves that, 'witli even stringent legislation, it cannot bo excluded, although it is probablo Hint tlio bullocks in question were taken into that colony whilst its official mind was indulging in one of its' usual fits of abstract repose, from which, fear, shamo, or remorse, are, in this and other matters, np. parenlly impotent to awako it. The stringent enactment which prevents cattlo being taken over tho Murray, has, wo .understand, caused Jlr. Furlong to reject tho station lately purchased on tho Yanko by hira. Tasma nia has lately bccomo much alarmed about her safety, and the Chief Secretary lias asked tho corporation of Hohart Town to enact a by-law, under which tlio cattlo . arriving from this colony might bo prevented from being taken out of tlio slaughter yards, after entering them from the ship. Tlio Corporation, however, hove refused to comply. If tho cattle im ported into Tasmania are taken from Gipps Land, there is certainly, at tlio present time, no cause for alarm,- as no symptom of this disease has yet been known in that portion of this colony ; although, now that it is at tho Book- land, it may soon cross tho Australian Alps to tho Gipps Land side. : . Thoso whoso opinions arc to bo relied on as worthy of attention nro now convinced that the Victorian Government mndo a mistako in appointing professional men as Commissioners. Tiio design is not to euro the disease, but to prevent its spread; and what was. most re; quired wns not knowledge of tlio discn9o moroly but braiiis in tlio commissioners to plnu . and to devise means for preventing the spread of tlio disease, to isolate and to mako short work of it. It would doubtless havo boon much better, in evory way, had t tlio honorary com missioners continued to act, and Mr. Smith continued to carry out their instructions. ' Tiio first ploughing -match of tlio season will bo hold in about a fortnight. Several offers of land haying been sent in, tlio suh- committoo of. tho P. P. Farmers' Society has been instru&tod; ; to select tlio most suitable. : Of a recent biiow held by tho South Gipps' Land Farmers' Club, tho Guardian says, in: mentioning some vcgotablo productions grown ' near Albcrton, that tlicy wore really magnifi cent, and that tho grower attributed their; excolloKco and size to tlio uso of Flat . Island ! guano as a manure. Tho value of guano in gardening operations is well known, and now : that tho beginning of tho winter rains may. bo shortly oxpocted, this kind of manure may bo used to best advantage. 