SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Last mail carried home the news of a change of Ministry, and the Substitu- tion of Mr. O'Shaougsy for Mr. Heales as Chief Secretary. Since then the new Ministers have all successfully under gone their re-election. The Chief Se- cretary himself, Mr. Wood, Mr. John- ston, and Mr. Anderson, were severally opposed by candidates in the Heales in- terest; but the decisive majorities in their favour, especially at St. Kilda, one of the largest, and certainly the most influential and respectable con stituency in Victoria, were a pretty good evidence that the country fully shared in the verdict pronounced by the Assembly against Mr. Heales and his po1icy. Parliament re-assembled on the 17th inst., for a short sitting previous to the Christmas recess, when it was evident, from the appearance of the House, that the new Government was even stronger in force than was expected. No time was lost by Mr. Duffy, the Minister of Land and Works, in announcing a bill for the consolidation of the several acts relating to the sale and occupa- tion of the public lands, the chief features of which had been laid before the country during the Ministerial re elections. The Chief Secretary also took the same opportunity of enumerating the several measures which would form the Government business of the session. These include bills for the constitution of district councils; for the organization of the Civil Service ; for giving certain facilities to local distillation, in the in- terest of the colonial farmers ; for the reform of the existing system of regis- tering voters, and for an amendment of the insolvency laws. A real property bill, it was promised, would also be in- troduced, if the state of the public business would permit. The Ministerial programme has been received with general satisfaction, which is not the less sincere for being less de- monstrative than the hysterical rapture with which certain classes greeted the Heales policy on its first appearance. A very few weeks have witnessed the almost total subsidence of a delirium the most extraordinary that ever seized an intelligent people. The first great blow delivered at the prestige of Mr. Heales, was the utter explosion of the famous occupation-licence sham, by a decree of the Supreme Court. On the 6th inst., a unanimous decision was given, in the case of Fenton v. Skinner, by the three judges, declaring the occu- pation licences illegal, and ultra vires of the Board of Land and Works to issue. This decision, which had been long a foregone conclusion among lawyers, destroys for ever the great scheme invented by Mr. Brooke for the settlement of the land question by a simple edict of a Minister, and vin- dicates the constitutional privilege of Parliament as the only law-makers. A speech made by Mr. Duffy, at a political banquet held in the agricultural district of South Grant, has contributed to swell the damage which the late " liberal" Ministry has received on the land question. For the first time the public were informed that the Minister who had won all his popularity by denunciations of the squatters and the squatting system, had himself, during his brief tenure of office, alienated no less than 5,000,000 acres of unoccupied lands, or more than one-third of the whole available waste territory of the Crown, in annual squatting licences. Thus, while with one hand Mr. Brooke was occupied in spoiling the existing race of squatters through his occupation li- cences, with the other he was just as busily engaged in creating a new order of pastoral tenants, and perpetuating precisely the same sort of tenure which it was the main object of the Heales Government, while on the hustings, to attack and destroy. The detection of this extraordinary piece of double-dealing, followed so soon after by the exposure of the occupation licence sham, has served to disgust even those to whom Mr. Heales truckled, and for whom Mr. Brooke dodged. The so-called popular party has cooled con- siderably in its enthusiasm for the leaders by whom it has been committed to what is really a policy of re-action on the land question. On the 18th inst., the new land scheme of the present Govern- ment was introduced by Mr. Duffy in the Assembly, and on the whole it has been well received by the people. The most prejudiced opponents of the Go vernment are taken by surprise at a measure by far more liberal than any yet laid before the country; while the advocates of the rights of property, and those who may be called the conservatives, are willing to accept what appears to be the least objectionable compromise, for the sake of peace, and in order that the wearisome and vexatious agitation on the land question may cease. The general community are satisfied with a measure which, while protecting the state interests, throws open the lands with all possible liberality, not only to the working-classes of the colony, but to those who have an equal right in our soil — the teening population of the mother-country. For the information of the latter, a synopsis of the principal provisions of the new bill will be found in another column. We produce here a few figures from Mr. Duffy's opening speech, show- ing the general state of the lands with which it is proposed to deal. The whole area of the colony is estimated at 55,000,000 acres. The lands already sold amount to 4,500,000. 500,000 more are taken up by gold-fields, and 2,000,000 by commonage. Of the remainder, 13,000,000 acres are set down as waste and unfit for occupation, at least at present. This leaves about 35,000,000 acres as the total quantity available for settlement in Victoria. Of this, it is proposed by the Government to put aside 10,000,000 aces as being lands pre- eminently fit for agriculture and for immediate occupation. These lands will be selected from among the most favourable localities throughout the colony, and surveyed and proclaimed in large areas, as speedily as possible 4,000,000 acres, it is promised, will be in the market in the first twelve months after the passage of the bill, and at least 2,000,000 acres will be con stantly available for selection at any time until the whole quantity is disposed of. The remaining portion of the territory, namely, 25,000,000 acres, will be devoted to pastoral ocou pation, under annual licences, on a system which will give a moderate amount of security to the stockholders, and produce a largely increased revenue for the state, without in any way inter fering with the ultimate right of the people to resume the lands when ac- tually wanted for agricultural purposes There is every prospect of such a measure as this obtaining the consent of both Houses of Parliament, and pass ing into law during the present session. Such a consummation would be the happiest possible for all classes of the community It is opposed only by those who have bound themselves to the trade of popular agitation, and to whom the loss of so large a theme would be equivalent to the loss of bread. It is the curse of Victoria that this land question has been made a ground of political warfare, to the in jury of the permanent interests of the colony, and the discredit of its institu tions at home. The truth is — a truth which no patriotic sentiment ought to in cline us to conceal — that universal suf- frage, which means partial representation, is the cause of all the troubles through which we are passing, and which, to un informed observers at home, naturally appear in distorted and exaggerated shapes. There is no actual reason for distrusting the capacity of our people to free itself from the evils by which it is surrounded, and there are sufficient indications of such a growing better feeling between class and class as will yet preserve the state from the dangers and corruptions into which it has been led by our demagogue charlatans. The new Government met the Legislative Assembly on the 17th inst, when the attitude of the House showed the importance of the business which Parliament would have in a few hours to perform. Both parties mustered strongly, but several members who had sat on the Miniuteria side below the gangway before the change of Ministry, did not cross the floor with their late leaders, and it at once became evident that on a division, Mr OShanassys majority would be larger by several votes than that by which the Heales Ministry were thrown out. The anticipa tion was realised a few nights afterwards, when on a vote which practically settled the land question on the basis announced by Mr Duffy — the agri cultural lands for the farmers, and the pastoral lands for the squatters — Ministers obtained a majority of eleven votes. On Saturday morning, Parliament adjourned for the Christmas holidays, both Houses meeting again on the 14th proximo. Though short, the sitting was highly important to the future of the colony. Almost as soon as he had subscribed the rolls, Mr Duffy gave notice, that, on the fol lowing day, he would move the first reading of a bill to consolidate and amend the laws relating to land. Immediately afterwards, Mr Brooke gave notice of a resolution, to the effect that no new licences should be "issued to the pastoral tenants of the Crown except upon terms and regulations approved by Parliament. This notice of motion derived its importance from a very prevalent idea that the tenure of the squatters expired with the current month, and that, as fresh licences for a year would be issued before the re assembling of Parliament, if new conditions were to be im posed or if licences were to be altogether refused, and if the Eastern Market men were to accom plish the feat of "driving the squatters across the Murray," now was the time. On Wednesday, in accordance with the notice of motion which he had given, Mr Duffy submitted his Land Bill (an outline of the provisions of which will be found in another column). In his speech introductory of the measure, Mr Duffy showed that the system of limited auction provided by the Nicholson Land Bill had operated prejudicially to the settler and that the occupation licences initiated by the Heales Mi nistry had encouraged the mere speculator in land more than any system that had ever prevailed in the colony Bills are seldom opposed on their first reading, but in this instance the usual course was not observed. After a protracted discussion, however, the bill was read a first time. On the following night Mr Brooke proposed to the Government to post- pone his motion on the issue of the pastoral licences to a day in January, if Ministers would pledge themselves not to issue fresh licences in the interval Mr O'Shannasy declined to give such a pledge, or to hold any terms with the Opposition, and on Friday night, at a late hour, the ex President of the Board of Land and Works submitted his resolution, proposing to amend it, however, by the addition of provisos drawn from the provisions of the new Land Bill itself, which he desired to add by way of a rider to any licences that might be issued, so as to secure the right of the Crown to enter on the leased lauds at all times for public purposes. It was shown conclusively, in reply, that the proposed provisos added nothing to the powers possessed and constantly exercised by the Crown, and by holders of miners' rights, &c.;, and, after a sharp debate, protracted till a late hour on Saturday morning last, the motion proposed by Mr Brooke and successive amend ments upon it, were all rejected, the numbers on the final division being thirty-four to twenty three, or a majority of eleven in favour of Minsters. This conclusive division, which puts an end to the uncertainty that has long hung over the prospects of those who have hitherto followed pastoral pur suits in this colony, terminated the business of a short but most important sitting, and, as already statod, the Assembly adjourned over the Christ- mas holidays to the 14th of January. Pensions to responsible Ministers was the sub- ject of a discussion in the Assembly on Thursday evening last, on a motion by Mr. Heales for an address to His Excellency, praying that any regulations to be issued on the subject might be submitted to the House before boing adopted. The motion was modified, and, as adapted, merely brought under the notice of the Governor the fact that a bill had been introduced (by Mr. Levi) to extend the period of service entitling respon- sible Ministers to pensions from two to five years, and that the subject was under discussion in the House. The immediate cause of the motion was the action of Mr. Ireland (Attorney-General), who has served the prescribed term, and has called upon His Excellency to assign to him the pension he has earned. Mr. Heales has long held the opinion that the pensions clause of the Constitution Act has been wrongly interpreted, and during his tenure of office he resisted the claim of Mr. Ireland, and hence his mo- tion. In the course of the debate, Mr. O'Shanassy warned the introducer of the bill to beware lest even the suspicion of a desire to re- pudiate engagements entered into on behalf pf the Crown or the colony should be attached in England to his motives, Greater force was given to the warning by the tenor of the news from England by the last mail, and the occasion was seized on all sides of the House to deny, in the most emphatic manner, that the idea of repu- diating any of the responsibilities of the colony had over entered the mind of any politician in. Victoria, either in or out of Parliament. The feeling of the Government in this matter is shown by their treatment of the holders of the occupa- tion licences. Illegal as those licences have been pronounced by the Court, and suspended as their issue now is, every holder of, and every applicant for, a licence, up to a well-known date, will have his claim recognized, and his holding converted into fee- simple under the provisions of the new Land Bill. In graver matters public faith will be kept with as nice and as strong a sense of honour. The issue of the pastoral licences for the year 1862 will commence on the 1st proximo. They will be granted on the same terms as hitherto, but subject to the conditions of the new Land Bill, on that bill becoming law. Mr. Duffy anti cipates that the new arrangement may come into operation in June next, and that from that date a considerably increased revenue will be derived from the pastoral lands of the colony. Patrick Costello, who was elected for North Melbourne at the last general election, and was tried and convicted before the Supreme Court, sitting at Ballarat, for conspiring to procure the personation of voters in connexion with the election for the county of Mornington, and after- wards expelled from Parliament by a vote of the Legislative Assembly, was sentenced in the course of the month to twelve months imprisonment He is now undergoing his sentence. During the month a Divorce Court has been established in Melbourne, and in the first heard cases the decisions of the judges have been pronounced. It will be recollected, that a clause providing for divorce on the ground of desertion for four years was struck out of the Divorce Act, as originally agreed to by the Parliament of Victoria. The necessity for such a clause, how- over, has long been so strongly felt in this colony, that its omission, it was admitted, deprived the act of one of its most necessary provisions. A short bill, enacting that desertion for the period named shall be a ground for divorce, has since been introduced mío the Assembly by Mr Snod- grass, and is now under consideration. The first of the immigrants under the family arrangements, adopted some time ago, have reached the colony during the month — to the number of 633. Between the 1st of August and the 17th of December 2,094 passage-warrants were issued in the colony on the same system; and it is probable a considerable vote will be taken on the Estimates for the same purpose. Of the second issue of debentures in this colony, under the recent regulations of the Go vernment, by which purchasers are enabled to obtain debentures in small amounts at the Trca sury and Sub treasuries throughout tho colony, at a fixed premium, £22,660 has been taken, up to date. A bill has passed the Sydney Legislature on the subject of the Murray River Customs. By its pro visions the necessity of maintaining a Customs' staff on the borders will be obviated, a certain payment from the Government of Victoria boing accepted in lieu of Customs' dues. In the border districts the subject of pleuro- pneumonia in stock is exciting anxious attention. The neighbouring colonies have all adopted regu lations more or less stringent against the intro- duction of cattle from Victoria , and in Otago (N Z ) the restriction is already found to operate injuriously, the price of meat having been forced up by limited supplies and the large demand occasioned by the enormous influx of diggers to that colony. King, the survivor of the exploring party led from Coopers Creek to Carpentaria by Burke has reached Melbourne. He was extremely well re- ceived in the various townships through which he passed on his way to Melbourne, and in the capital. The evidence he has given before a Royal Commission appointed by the late Govern ment to inquire into the causes of the disasters which overtook the expedition, has strength- ened the respect in which the memory of the lost explorers is held, and the sorrow which is felt for their fate. He brought down various memorials of the dead, including a characteristically heroic letter from Wills to his father — which will be found in another column — written a few days be fore his death. The Commission, of which Ma- jor General Sir Thomas Pratt is chairman, has closed its sittings for the present, but will proba bly reserve its report till opportunity has offered for further evidence being obtained from mem- bers of the party who have not yet returned to Melbourne. Some light has been thrown by King on the discovery of the remains of a white man found to the north west of Cooper's Creek by Mr. M'Kinlay's party, and reported last month from Adelaide. Mr. King believes that the re- mains were those of Gray, and the opinion is strengthened by a variety of circumstances. Mr. Howitt has departed for Cooper s Creek, on his mission to bring down the bodies of Burke and Wills, for public interment in Melbourne. The Industrial exhibition was closed on the 7th instant, when preparations were com menced for the despatch to England of the Vic- torian contributions. During the seven or eight weeks the Exhibition was open it was visited by 68,000 persons, and 10,000 school children, and was a source of interest and pride to the last. So many of the specimens were withdrawn at the close of the Exhibition, that we fear the variety we shall have to exhibit in London will not be large. The novelty and intrinsic value of the specimens of our produce, however, will go far to redeem the character of the Victorian Court. His Honour Sir Redmond Barry will represent the Royal Commissioners in England, and the practical management of the compartment will be in the able hands of Mr. J. G. Knight. The steamship Great Britain, under the com mand of Captain Gray, reached Hobson's Bay at an early hour this morning, after a rapid run from Liverpool of sixty-two days and some hours. The All England Eleven have thus reached our shores in time to enjoy the Christmas fes tivities, and to breathe the air of Victoria, before the days fixed for the great match (the first three days of January). One of their number — Wells — arrived some two or three weeks ago, by the Yorkshire, and has since taken part, with eclat, in several local matches, playing with the Rich mond Club. A Victorian horse — Mormon — had the honour of winning the Great Tasmanian Champion Stakes of 2,000 guineas, open to all the colonies, ran for at Hobart Town in November. The race was won with great ease. Nearly all the Aus- tralian colonies were represented in the running. The rush to Otago has partly revived, but that to the Lachlan (N S W ) has entirely subsided. The accounts from the latter had been greatly exaggerated. The fields of Otogo, however, have yielded a large quantity of gold. The last accounts from Dunedin estimated the total pro- duce of the mines, up to 11th instant, at 162,483 oz. The encampment of the volunteers has been postponed till Easter. Sir Henry Young has been succeeded in the government of Tasmania by Colonel Gore Browne, and has sailed for London by the ship Result. Last month we had to announce the destruc- tion by fire of the fine ship Prince of the Seas, at Sandridge. On this occasion, we have to add the name of the splendid Black Ball clipper Empress of the Sea, Captain Bragge, to the list of the unfortunate ships that have perished by fire. The Empress, sailing under the White Star flag, had sailed from Melbourne for London, with a valuable cargo of wool, tallow, gold, &,c, and anchored at the Heads on Thursday night last, Captain Bragge going on shore to engage hands, some of the men he had shipped having been found inefficient. At an early hour next morning the ship was discovered to be on fire, and the flames spread with the most alarm ing rapidity. The passengers and the gold (over 20,000 oz. ) were got into the boats, and were subsequently picked up by the pilot schooner Rip, which got the gold on board with some risk, and brought it to Melbourne next day. The ship, meantime, was put ashore on Point Nepean, where she burned to the water's edge. There is some ground for suspicion that the fire was wil- fully caused by some one among the crew, con- siderable discontent, it is stated, having ex isted amongst them , and a searching inquiry is to be made on Thursday next. A few days ago, a digger from the Ovens dis trict submitted a small crystal to the inspection of Mr. Crisp, jeweller, Queen street, by whom it was pronounced to be a diamond, and purchased. It is smaller than the diamond last brought to Melbourne from the same locality, but it is a much finer stone, the crystalization being perfect, and the lustre very good. It weighs three grains, and though a little off colour, approaches nearest in quality to the pure white Indian diamond than any Australian gem yet discovered, with the ex ception, perhaps, of a specimen obtained some time ago at Jim Crow. The diamond has since been handed over to the Royal Commissioners of the Exhibition, by whom it will be sent to London. The season has been singularly cold, wet, and stormy, and frosts and floods have done consider- able injury to the crops. At Dunedin an accidental fire occurred early in the present month, the damage done by which was estimated at £10,000. The English October mail was delivered in Melbourne early on the morning of the 14th inst. The outgoing mail will be carried by the Salsette, which sails on the afternoon of the 26th instant. THE MINISTERIAL LAND BILL. The Ministerial Land Bill has been laid before Parliament, and published in extenso. It con tains a land code, complete in all its details. The whole question of the alienation of the public lands, whether by sale or lease, has been dealt with, for the first time, in one comprehensive measure, and in this one act are contained all the provisions that are worth retaining of the various laws relating to the subject scattered through our statute-books. This bill is introduced by Mr. Duffy, the At- torney-General, and Mr. Wood, and is entitled, " A Bill to consolidate and amend the Laws re- lating to the Sale and Occupation of Crown lands." It is divided into six parts, and con- tants 116 clauses. I s [Its] preamble, except that it retains the assertion contained in the preamble of its predecessor, that it is expedient to give greater facilities for agricultural settlement, throws little light upon the subsequent enact- ments. The first part is introductory; it limits the power of the Governor to make any grants other than those directed in the bill, and repeats, with some not very material alterations, the sections of the former bill respect- ing the reservation of lands from sale. The first section, however, is important. It expressly repeals several colonial acts, including the Act of 1860, and also our old friends, the Orders in Council, and all regulations respecting Crown lands that may have been kept alive by the Imperial Legislation of 1855. We shall thus be free from all danger of any future Ministry fall- ing back, in the hour of need, upon these obso- lete enactments. The second part relates to the alienation of lands in fee-simple. This alien ation may be made either by direct grant or by leases, with covenants for pre-emption, and the mode in which the sale may be effected is by selection, or by auction, or, in some excep- tional cases, by valuation. With regard to selec- tion, the process is as follows: — Certain lands are marked on a map, which is referred to in the bill, and consequently forms a part of it, and which will be deposited among tho Parliamentary re cords. Those lands amount to upwards of ten millions of acres, and will be reserved for selection. Portions of these lands, called agricultural areas, are to be surveyed as rapidly as possible, and, when surveyed, are to be proclaimed as open to selection. It is provided that within three months aftor the bill becomes law four mil lions of acres are to be so proclaimed and that the supply is never in any circumstances to be less than two millions. From any of these agricultural areas, when so proclaimed, any person may select any quantity of land not less than forty and not more than 640 acres. The applicant is bound to declare that his selection is bona fide, and for his own use, and precautions are taken against the abuse of the privilege which prevailed under the former act, by selecting in the names of children or of servants. The selector may either purchase at once the whole allotment at the fixed price of £1 per acre, or may purchase one half of it, and may take an eight years' lease of the remainder at half-a-crown an acre. At the expiration of this term — or sooner, if the lessee chooses to pay the difference between the rent actually paid and the fixed price of £1 per acre — the demised land will be granted in fee to the lessee, or his representatives, without any further charge. If there are several simul taneous applications for the same land, the priority will be determined by lot. There are also some novel and apparently well-contrived expedients, to which we can at present merely refer, to guard against any fraudulent evasion of the privilege of selection. Occupation licencees are to be allowed the option either of remaining under the terms of their licence, as if it were valid in law, or of coming under the terms of this bill. The occupation licencees on the gold fields who may elect to purchase, are to pay the upset price of land in their district. The others, of course, will pay the usual £1 per acre. Provision is also made for enabling the lessees of selected lands under the former system to exchange their leases for others, undor the more advantageous terms offered by the present bill. It is further pro- posed that a certain proportion of the money re ceived for selected land shall be expended on assisted immigration; that for the management of such immigration the Governor in Council is to make rules, and to submit such rules to Par liament, and that every selector is to receive credit in the purchase of passage warrants for a certain proportion of the purchase money that he has paid for his selected land. Beyond the boundaries of the lands reserved for agricultural areas, all lands are to be sold by auction, at a minimum upset price of £1 per acre. But if land has been set up to auction, and remains unsold, the Governor may reduce the upset price until he can find a purchaser. The clauses of the former act relating to the sale of land by valuation, when the land has been a road that is no longer required, or when there are outlying strips of land, are retained substantially in the present bill. Thoe third part of the bill relates to the tempo- rary alienation of lands as distinguished from grants of the fee. These alienations include leases and licences for all other purposes than the leases with pre-emptive covenants, which are treated of in the preceding part, and the licences for pastoral purposes, to which a separate portion of the bill is devoted. Leases of thirty acres, for the term of thirty years, may be granted for the en couragement of plantations of the vine, the olive, the mulberry, the hop, or any useful plant or industrial enterprize not previously in general use in the colony. Mining leases may also be granted as heretofore, and leases, for a term not exceeding seven years, of lands not exceeding three acres, may be granted for a number of purposes for which licences bave been hitherto issued, but for which exclusive occupation is required. The number of purposos for which licences may be issued is greatly increased, and care seems to have been taken to avoid the diffi- culties to which the loose wording of the famous 68th section of the former act gave rise. The fourth part deals with the important sub ject of commonage, and removes many diffi- culties which arose under the practical working of the former act. While the commons already pro- claimed are untouched, future commons are to be of four kinds. Two of these, the municipal and the gold fields commons, are placed under the control of managers appointed for the pur pose by the municipal council and the mining board of the district. The other two, namely, the town (where there is no municipality) and the farmers' commons, are left to the care of the Board of Land and Works, until some local authority comes into existence. Increased powers are given to the managers, and care has been taken to secure the commons from intrusion by persons not entitled to depasture their cattle on them. The remainder of the bill relates to licences for pastoral purposes, and need not be given in detail to the English reader. The chief principle of the scheme is, that an annual rent per head of every description of stock, assessed according to the carrying capabilities of the several runs, shall be substituted for the present assessment and de- pasturing fees. The terms of the annual licence are such as to reserve to the public full power to resume the lands, when required by the advance of population, for the purposes of bond fide settle- ment. THE INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION. The show of products of the industry of the colony, promoted by the Royal Commissioners preparatory to the great forthcoming Exhibition in London, was a great attraction during October and November to the sight-seeking public, and to all who are interested in the welfare of Victoria. Merely as a show, the display presented in the Ex- hibition Building was a wonder, when the youth and history of the colony are considered, and when the paucity of its known resources up to a very recent period are borne in mind. Till lately, the attention of the whole of the people of Victoria had been given to two or three matters only. Sheep, cattle, wool, and tallow, alone oc- cupied the attention of those who were interested in land. Gold only was looked for in the soil ; and to supply the wants of the squatter and the miner was the entire care of the merchant. That we have had a local industry, as applied to manufactures at all, is attributable mainly to the comparatively small returns the individual minor has obtained of late years, and the ne- cessity skilled artizans and small capitalists felt of recurring to their trades. The growth of our industries, therefore, is to be measured by days or months, and not by years ; and, viewed in this light, the results, as displayed in the Exhi- bition, must be accepted as most gratifying to ourselves, though we may have little to place in competition in London with the works of those from whom our arts were learned, and though we must trust more to the peculiarity of our display in the palace in Kensington Gore, than to the intrinsic merit of our exhibits as examples of skilled labour, for the position which Victoria must hold there in competition with older states and more advanced colonies. Looking for the present only at the Exhibition as it will appear in England, should no accident occur to the good ship Young Australia, which is to be the bearer of our works of art and industry to the docks of London, the first great object of, interest to the visitor will be the golden pyramid which Mr. Knight has constructed. The object aimed at in this magnificent structure, is to pre- sent to the eye at a glance a tangible idea of the quantity of gold Victoria has produced since 1851\. When we say 800 tons of gold have been extracted from our mines since 1851, we use figures which few can realise. When we set down its value in figures at £104,649,728, we are still by no means assured that the reader comprehends the quantity of the precious metal the sum represents. The rustic, in his evening readings in the village mechanics institute, dis covering these figures in some colonial newspaper, ponders over the 800 tons, and thinks of coals or wood ; or of the millions, and is lost in com- puting the exact meaning of the sum. But let the same rustic wander into the Victorian court in the World's Show, and in the gilded pyramid, forty-four and a half feet high and ten feet square at the base, he can realise at a glance the extraordinary wealth of the land which has sent forth such a symbol of one of its native productions. On the faces of the pyramid, various statistical returns are engraved, show ing the progress of the colony, and over its entire surface, models are scattered of the most famous nuggets the world has yet produced. From this great pyramid, the visitor wll pro bably turn to the blocks of quartz, and the crush- ing battery of twelve head of lamps which the Clunes Company have prepared. These have not been shown in Melbourne but the battery is described as beautifully constructed of native woods. It will be exhibited from time to time in action (if arrangements can be made for the purpose), and as the system followed in Victoria differs in some respect from that practised else- where, the model will no doubt be an object of considerable attraction. The artificial mine which Mr Knight proposes to build to show the character of our reefs, and also of the alluvial workings, will be an excellent means of interesting visitors in our mining operations. We trust that no difficulty may be found in carrying it out. Portland, as the representative port of the Western District that now weakly cries for "separation," is to ship its wool, tallow, and oil direct to London; but when there, we presume the contribution will find its way to the Victorian department, seeing that "Princeland" has as yet no inde pendent existence. Of these unwieldy materials, a tasteful display will be made. In the com partment assigned to the woods, an opportunity will be taken of conveying to the intending emi grant a sample of the house he may build for himself, the materials he will find at hand of which to make it, and the sum in labour and cash which it will cost him. In our Exhibition here, his compartment is uninteresting enough, excepting to the professional "man of woods," but in London, the beautiful inlaid tables, contributed from the Yarra Bend Asylum and Pentridge, the elegantly designed and well carved sideboard from Geelong, and the beautiful writing desks and workboxes from Mount Shadwell &c.;, will be so grouped with the timber in its natural state, that all will find the show worth lingering about. Of the metals and minerals of the colony there will be a display which, we have little doubt, will surprise many who have been accustomed to think of Victoria as a country blessed only with cattle on the earth and gold in it. The samples of auri- ferous quartz and of alluvial nuggets will be very fine, and the case which has been prepared for them of native woods, from a design by Mr. Knight, will exhibit thom to great advantage, but even more interesting to scientific men will be the display of antimony, iron ore, coal, lignite, kaolin, rock salt, limestone, tin ore; gold, silver, and copper, associated in the same vein of quartz; marble, granite, building stone of every variety of texture and hue, blue and green car- bonates of copper, gypsum, &c.; Of the precious stones, the display will be poorer than we had anticipated. The Ovens contributes one large crystal of quartz of dark colour, only smaller than the gigantic Cairngorm which found a distinguished place on the Highland stall in the Crystal Palace in 1851, but the polished crystals are comparatively few in number, and by no means superb in quality. Several diamonds, however, will be shown, with a few topazes, both polished and in the rough; a sapphire, and one or two beryls. Of the smaller crystals, the rubies, zircons, and sapphires that are found in great numbers in the Ovens district, there will be a sufficient show to awaken attention, while the curious in such matters will find something to interest them in the peculiar jaspers, and the one or two agates, that will be forwarded. The raised map of the colony, to which we have more than once alluded, and which has been constructed in the sur veyor-general's department, will be extremely valuable, and will convey to the intending emi- grant at a glance a bettor idea of the colony than a month's reading would give him. It will show him that all Victoria is not one glowing plain, over which hot winds sweep in summer and icy winds from the Southern Pole in winter, but that it is, in parts, mountainous, and wooded and watered, like his own land. It will show him, also, by the colours on its surface, how extensive are the lands we still have open for settlement, and how small, comparatively, are the limits of the land alienated from the Crown. Of the cereal products and fruits of the earth we fear the show will be meagre and unsatisfactory in the extreme. There are some good models of fruits and vegetables, but of grain there are few samples, and none in bulk. We trust this want will yet be made up. Of wine, ale, and other such products there will be a good show; while casks of preserved beef and preserved meats of all kinds will tell of a description of industry that is only now taking root amongst us. The great Murray cod (63lb ) and other samples of the finny inhabitants of our rivers, will demon strate that our waters are full of life. Of leather and leather work, including saddlery, the display will be worthy of a colony which is so rich in the raw materials for the tanner, the currier, and the saddler. The ingenious amongst us are represented by Mr. Knight's self-discharging railway ballast truck. Mr. Purchas's very in- genious self-acting break, and his gas-tender, from which a train may be lighted; and by various models of bridges and crushing and puddling machines; by Captain Perry's anti-collision dial, and by Mr. Meek's beautiful pen and ink Atlas of Victoria, framed, as it is, in the most elabo- rate and magnificent manner. Photographs of buildings and rural sceues, cases of snakes, iguanas, and insects, baskets of sea-weeds, native weapons, books and newspapers, surgical in- struments of novel design and excellent work manship, a billiard table, &c.;, will help to make up Victoria's SHOW. In London, the Royal Commissioners for the colony will be represented by Sir Redmond Barry, and there, as here, the practical manage- ment will be in the hands of Mr. J. G. Knight, who has contributed so much by his professional talent, and his great industry, to the success of the Exhibition. THE GOLD-FIELDS. Last month the miners werw all in a state of excitement about the diggings at the Lachlan, in New South Wales; but the very limited extent of the rich ground openod there offers so little hope of success for the numbers who have gone thither that the rush in that direction is quite at an end for the present ; and if some new dis- coveries are not speedily made, we shall soon have the majority back again. Private ac- counts from New Zealand, as well as the published statements of the quantity of gold actually obtained, have, however, caused a partial renewal of the rush thitherward, and many are now proceeding to Otago with the determination of remaining some time, and judging for themselves of the gold-fields in that province. Here there have been no new discoveries of late to counteract the desire for a change of scene caused by these extraneous at- tractions, although the accounts from the diffe- rent districts are mostly good. The last lead of any consequence opened was at Burnt Creek, near Dunolly, and on this a number of men are now getting gold in very remunerative quantities. At New Navarre, or Barkly, the lead has been traced out for a long distance through the extensive flat there, and affords occupation to a large assem- blage of people. The bottoming of fresh shafts at Mount Greenock, and the extension of the tunnels from those down some time, have proved the exist- ence of two separate runs of gold from that hill, although the search for payable ground there was long continued in vain; and, judging from the character of the deposits in the neighbourhood, these leads will not be quickly worked out. Of nuggets, about the usual number have been pro- duced, and the largest of these was found in the Old Bendigo district. This weighed nearly 200oz., and was obtained from one of the long worked gullies, out of which four of these large lumps of gold have been taken within the last eighteen months. A few days previously a nugget weighing 93oz, 2dwt, 12grs. was found in another of the old gullies in the same district, and before that again one of thirty-six ounces was obtained, from a depth of two foot, in a patch of new ground, not far from where the last was found. It may seem strange that so many of the large nuggets now found should be taken from old ground, worked for years ; but where these are the gold is generally very widely distributed, so that when a rush sets in to such spots many are disappointed, and the greater part of the claims are quickly abandoned. The Kingower diggings have not produced many nuggets within the last few weeks, but one of 124oz. was found in some new ground there, besides a few smaller pieces, the largest weighing twenty-seven ounces. At the Mia Mia, near Back Creek, three nuggets were found a few days since, weighing respectively 50oz. 15dwt., 19oz. 11dwt., and 11oz. 4dtwt., as well as a piece of gold with quartz attached, the gold alone weighing 143oz. 10dwt. after the quartz had been separated from it. Last week another nugget weighing twenty-two ounces was found in the same place, as well as a smaller one of 9oz. 10dwt. And from a very cir- cumscribed space at the bottom of a shaft put down a few days since on the same flat, gold to the valuo of £120 was obtained. A few of the best known of the companies on the deep leads at Ballarat have been paying rather large dividends of late, though not higher than used to be more commonly announced. Thus the Great Extended Company washed out 620oz. in one week, and had a dividend of £46 to each share for the fort- night, the dividend for the ensuing fortnight being £44. The Great Republic Company ob- tained over 700oz, of gold in one week, affording a dividend to its shareholders of £35 each. Another company, the Cosmopolitan, washed out 214oz. in one day, and their dividend for that week was at the rate of £53 each, although there was a considerable deduction for new machinery. The Golden Gate Company for a long time figured prominently in such announcements, but this has just been dissolved, as the claim is completely worked out. Water is beginning to run short in some parts of the country as the summer advances, and many of the pud- dlers are, therefore, betaking themselves to mining of another kind, or to harvest work for a while, as they always do at this season. The yield from the reef is on the whole well maintained, although the number of excep- tionally large returns has not been great. Several of the best are as usual from the Inglewood reefs. Thus one lot of forty-eight tons of stone out of a claim on the Morning Star produced 419 oz., and another lot of thirty-nine tons produced 350 oz; the yield from this, with an additional fourteen tons, bringing it up to fifty-three tons, having been 609oz Three men raised the whole of this last quantity from their claim in four weeks, from a vein eight foot thick. No very large returns have been obtained of late from the Columbian, which for a while was so famous for its large cakes of amalgamated gold. The largest turned out in this district during the last month was one of 438oz , the produce of ninety- five tons of stone, out of a claim on Maxwell's Reef; and, although not exactly belonging to this district, a cake weighing 315oz. was sold a few days since as the produce of seventy-six tons of stone, from a reef at Jericho. Some sur prisingly rich specimens are said to have been taken from one or two of the reefs in the Pyrenees district, but these can scarcely have been better than a parcel of picked quartz from a claim on the Arcadian reef, Inkermann, half-a-ton of which yielded 287oz of gold. Bendigo has not been distinguished lately for any very re markable yields, one of the best having been an amount of 134oz from two small parcels, in all eighteen tons of stone, out of a claim on the Garden Gully reef. The best returns from any of the reefs in the old districts are still obtained by the Ajax Company from the Bolivia Reef Their last crushing of 140 tons of stone produced 755oz, or an average of 5oz 8dwt to the ton, and the crushing before that gave them 528oz. from 130 tons. Similar averages have been ob- tained from small parcels of stone from other reefs in different districts, but such may not be deemed worthy of special mention. AGRICULTURE. The weather still continues more than usually unsettled, even for this season of the year, but of late high winds, in fact severe gales, have pre- vailed rather than rain, so the farmers generally are getting on well with their hay making. There have, however, been heavy falls of rain in places, which damaged most seriously both the cut and the uncut crops; but the tracts of country so visited were limited in extent, thus the total amount of injury done is not very great. In South Australia the farmers have been surprised in the middle of their wheat harvest by some days of very severe weather, and as they were so little prepared for anything of the sort, much loss and incon- venience is said to have been caused thereby. In this colony the fruit has suffered more than the grain hitherto, much having been shaken off the trees by the wind, and as the gales have come from almost every quarter few gardens or orchards have altogether escaped. Caterpillars, too, are numerous, and one of a large kind, which devours greedily the leaves and destroys the young fruit bunches of the vine is increasing so rapidly in numbers each year as to cause some little alarm among the owners of vine- yards. These pests, of one kind or other, have always been troublesome and injurious to the farmer, especially in certain seasons, but it was hoped that some crops would escape their ravages. Such would, however, not appear to be the case for this year they have, we believe, attacked everything. The prevalence of the aphis blight quite destroys any chance of a crop of turnips, and as marigolds thrive remarkably well, and have been hitherto avoided by all these insect consumers, this last was beginning to be looked on as the only root crop, but they have been thinned out by the caterpillar in some places this year, and even the tobacco-plant, though new as a field crop here, has its peculiar parasite ready in such numbers to spoil the leaves that a close and constant at tention is as much needed as in those countrie whore it has been long cultivated. This crop him been planted to the extent of several acres by many different persons this year, and is so easily raised in suitable soil that it promises to become a favourite, as the profits will be large when it is cured with skill. A few weeks since much alarm was felt among the farmers at the prospect of ex ceedingly low prices ruling during the coming year, but wheat has risen consideribly since then, and is likely to remain much higher than was expected. The report of a scarcity in Europe and rising markets there has given much encouragement for ex portation, and even a moderate demand just now will give confidence to the grower, and prevent the markets here from being deluged with new grain , when after two or three months it will be found that we have not so much more than is required, and prices will become steady. By the ill-fated Empress of the Sea, which was burned at the Heads, 3,211 bags of wheat and 506 bags of flour were shipped, and no doubt as soon as the new grain begins to come into market freely, many more of the homeward bound vessels will be similarly freighted. Shear- ing is now over for this season, and from all sides we have the same statement that the average clip is much heavier than usual, and the staple of the wool firmer, owing to the good condition the sheep have been in during the whole twelvemonth with the abundance of feed. The grass is drying up this your much earlier than it did last, so that bush fires will be more general, and we may look for a scarcity during the latter part of the summer and the autumn, as of old. The thistle-flowering season is now round again, and there is on outcry through the country dis- tricts for its eradication, or at least for some steps on the part of Government to check its increase on the Crown lands, especially the reserves in the neighbourhood of cultivated tracts; but it has, unfortunately, for the second or third time, been determined to take no action in the matter for a few weeks, or until the seed is ripe and the mischief has been done for another year. It is only when the evil is pressing that anyone thinks about it, and so year after year is lost, and the thistle is becoming more thoroughly established. The casual votes taken from time to time did not, of course, suffice for its extirpa- tion in any one spot, but this is to be provided for by the now District Councils Bill, and in the mean- time, as the Government is content to wait for this, or a report on the subject from the Board of Agri- culture, the act cannot be enforced against private holders of land, so for each pound that would be required now ten will have to be expended by- and-by. And the Board of Agriculture itself is to be brought to the bar of public opinion, for there is manifestly a strong feeling amongst those of the community who trouble their heads about it at all that it would be better abolished. As constituted at present, it does no good, but much mischief, if only in pretending to fill a position, at the head of the agricultural interest where it might be powerful for good but is not. A return of the meetings and the attendance of members at these has been called for in the Assembly, and a committee is to be moved for to inquire into the management of the Experimental Farm, and the result of these inquiries will most probably be the refusal of any more of the public money for its maintenance. Even in regard to the spread of pleuro-pneumonia, the existence of the board has indirectly proved most prejudicial, for the secre tary, chosen by the members themselves, and having little else to do, was naturally appointed secret try to the pleuro pneumonia commissioner!, and for some reason or other thought it right to withhold information as to the actual spread of the disease from those of the commissioners who were anxious to do their duty, and so wasted time and made it appear that the expenditure of public money in trying to check the disease was useless. Such a course of action was, no doubt, pleasing to the late Government, but it was not on that account the less injurious to the country; and now pleuro-pneumonia is so widely spread that there is little hope of checking it. New South Wales got the infection from this colony, and the disease is spreading so rapidly there as to frighten cattle owners here who were alto pether apathotic when carriers' bullocks were dying of it along the roads, and they were told what the result would be. To satisfy such persons, who can see danger at a distance, but not when near them, cattle from the infected portion of the New South Wales territory are now prohibited from crossing the Murray into Vic toria without a certificate of health from one of our commissioners, who is stationed on the borders for the purpose of examination, while carriers with diseased bullocks in their teams are allowed to pass to and fro through this colony without let or hindrance, and not even a single herd of diseased cattle is now in quarantine. Truly this is most inconsistent conduct on the part of the authorities and cattle owners both; and the only wonder is that the large herds here have escaped so well hitherto. CHRISTMAS. The Christmas of 1861 will probably be long remembered in Melbourne as one of unusual bustle and preparation. To say nothing of the excitement caused in the cricketing world by the expected arrival of the All-England Eleven, and the subsequent struggle for intercolonial honours between the elevens of New South Wales and Vic- toria, there are sports enough "on the card" and in contemplation to absorb the floating capital of "the million" for days to come; and it certainly is not the least remarkable feature of Christmas in the South that, whatever tightness may oppress the money market, however Treasurers may be anticipating a deficit, and whatever talk there may be about "repudiation," the million know and care for none of these things, but lay out their money with hearty goodwill, spending plenty of it, and not displaying excessive fastidiousness about the quality of the article before them. In Victoria, and especially in Melbourne, money can always be found for amusements. There never was such a holiday-going population when once a holiday has been resolved upon. Business is suspended, and Houses of Assembly go for want of a quorum. The Caledonian Games are a monster item in the list of the fortnight ensuing. The Gathering, which takes place on Boxing-day and the two following days, has every prospect of being a great success. The grand stand alone, will hold 5,000 persons, and it may safely he anticipated that the fringes of the great gather- ing will cast far and wide into the neighbourhood. This festival, however, can be looked upon only as a prologue to the great event of the time, the first, but not the last memorable contest between the cricketers of the mother country and the daughter state. It may be regarded is a certainty that if, by some unforeseen good luck, the colony should win the day, either another eleven will cross the sea at no distant date, or Victoria will herself be called upon to send her representatives to Lord's; and it requires a very small amount of enthusiastic vaticination to foresee that these great cricketing contests will come to be annual, biennial, or tri ennial, according to the expansion of ideas, and the perfection of the means of transit. Perhaps the match which will unite the cricketers of Victoria and her gallant rival New South Wales against the disciplined invaders from the mother country will be the most exciting and interesting of all, and this event is another item on the Christmas or New Year list of 1861-2. The intercolonial match itself will be looked forward to with as much or more eagerness than on any previous occa sion, for, with an All England Eleven for judges, either colony will do its devoir bravely. The theatres, pantomimes included, have lapsed into almost secondary importance this Christmas, but they will doubtless hold their own after the fatigues of the field are over. CRICKET. Although during the past month the approach- ing international matches have been the principal theme of conversation in our cricketing com munity, our men have not been idle, and several first-class matches have been played. Foremost amongst them is the annual match between the Melbourne and Richmond Clubs. To this great interest is always attached, as, although the professional talent is mostly absorbed by the Melbourne Club, Richmond is able to put a good eleven in the field. The game this season caused unusual attraction, from the fact of George Wells, the avant courier of the All England Eleven, being retained by Rich mond. On Saturday last the appointment of the twenty-two, who are to play against the All Eng- land Eleven, took place and the following players were selected: — J. M. Bryant, Mel- bourne; G. Marshall, Melbourne; C. Makinsor, Melbourne; J. Mace, Richmond; C. Mace, United Victorian Eleven; S. Costick, Melbourne; T. F. Hamilton, Melbourne; J. Conway, East Melbourne; D. Sweeney, Richmond; J. Huddle- ston, Richmond; W. Stewart, Melbourne; R W. Wardill, Melbourne; J. B. Thompson, Melbourne; T. F. Wray, Melbourne; B. Butterworth, Mel- bourne; C. Lister, Melbourne; T. Morres, Mel- bourne; G. Elliott, Melbourne; S. T. Rennie, Richmond; T. Hopkinson, Richmond. The other two players will be selected from the following list: — N. Jacomb, Richmond; T. Boak, Rich mond; Blanchard, East Melbourne; W. H. Handfield, Melbourne; O'Mullane, East Mel- bourne, and E Mortimer, Richmond. Scorer, C. Hipwell. Umpire, J. A. Smith. Some of the names will be familiar to English cricketers, and, taking the selection as a whole, perhaps it is as good as could be made. The ar- rangements for the celebration of the match have as yet been carried out in a manner reflect- ing the greatest credit upon Messrs. Spiers and Pond. A grand stand, of proportions sur passing any hitherto erected in this or the sister colonies, has been erected, and will be com- pleted in time for the annual Caledonian fete, which commences on Boxing day. The ground is in first rate condition, and everything has been done to make the great international event as successful as possible. The desire of doing battle with England's representatives is not confined to Melbourne. Negotiations have been concluded between Messrs. Spiers and Pond and the princi- pal gold-fields clubs, so that during their stay in this colony the eleven will have ample opportunity of seeing the colony in all its various phases, of visiting a city which in a few years has grown from a few hamlets to be the capital of the Aus tralias, and of witnessing those fields of labour which so suddenly raised this colony to the im- portant position she holds in the commercial world. The people of New South Wales are also making provision for a reception of the Eleven. South Australia is following in her wake. Tas- mania, by the most recent accounts, has made a proposition to Messrs. Spiers and Pond, which has been accepted, and in the distant and new colony of Queensland. So much cricketing en- thusiasm exists, as to warrant the belief that they will be honoured with a visit from the Eleven. Last evening news was telegraphed from Port Philip Heads that the Great Britain steam- ship had arrived, and this morning at on early hour she may be expected to anchor in Hobson's Bay. Preparations have been made for giving the Eleven that cordial welcome which the people in England rightly supposed they would receive. But in consequence of the uncertainly of the date of their arrival, everything will have to be done with more speed than could have been wished. Messrs. Spiers and Pond intend inaugurating the visit with a grand banquet, at which all the leaving gentlemen in the colony are expected to be present — and from the first day of 1862, when the international matches will commence, a succession of galas will take place. It is gratifying to know that by all classes the greatest interest is shown, and even those persons who seldom witness a game of cricket are manifesting as great a curiosity to see the matches as the oldest cricketers. One thing is certain, that the thinking portion of the community view the visit of the Eleven as being a most important era in our colonial history, and one as likely to be attended with the most bene- ficial results. The annual Intercolonial Match between Victoria and New South Wales will take place in Melbourne during the week following the first All England Match. AMUSEMENTS. At the Theatre Royal the second engagement of Sir William and Lady Don appears to have proved equally beneficial to themselves and to the management, the business having been un- usually good for this season of the year; and on the occasion of his benefit, which was attended by Sir Henry and Lady Barkly and Sir Henry and Lady Young, the baronet informed the audience that he had found this city a very gold mine. Lady Don has added to her popula- rity by her charming singing in " The Spirit of the Rhine," and by her arch and clever acting as the mischievous Widow Manette, in a well-known farce. Further proofs of Sir Williams versatility have been given by his appearance m tho following characters: -Sir A. Burley in' The Rights of Woman, Mr. Bunny, in "Black Sheep;" and Monsieur Dufarg, in " The First Night. ' The Scotch misoganist, the tipsy cautinj' hypocrite and tho a tuto old Iremli- man, were each Bktlfully diBoiiminatcd and tho actor's broken English ni tho last nimed part was admirable " Bolphce,or lips been revived foi a fow nights, and onaolcd Melbourne jilayfotrs lo seo Mr Cliranco Holt in i part in whioh ho excels It «is also tho means of introducing his oldest daughter to the stage, and of provinj, that sho possesses mmy qualifications which will render her in timo n clever nctrcss. Messrs Holt and ncikins took a benefit on Saluuiay nie,ht, when Mi Hopkins appeared m ono of his favounto f irces mil Mr. Holt undertook tho ebnricttr of OllHIo, m which ho was indifferently supported A pin tomimej founded on tho (.tory of Valentino ind Orson, in announced for production on Boxiug Night, tho principal charoo ois to bo fustmned by Sir William and Lad) Don, v hilo Mr Charles Young is to enact the clown. The "sensation' drama of "The Beggar's Peti- tion ' has been revived uttho Princes^ Tiintro, but not with tho simo sucae's which 1 "s i tended tho representation of o her pieces of a hko naturo at this house A good stoik company, however, contrives to ensure a certain iniount of popularity for infinor pieces, nml thu merit of tho acting frequently conceals tho liUiar) do fects of tho play pcrfoimetl Thi mutual diamo of "The Mimi t> Gun at Sei his been tho latest novelty produced, and has beta tolcrvbly attractive, whilo an occasion ii per formincoof " Aladdin invariably pioves lo bo so ilere, too, a Christin is pm oiiuaio is in activo preparation, and tbo ordinnry r< niirccs of tho company aro understood to bo suth tait for tho plowman of an adequato eist of chun éter» At llio Pvtithcon Tluntro, Cremorne Qardenp, tho burlesque of" Puss in Boots ' has CDjoyed .i leii(,tbo led run, tho princip d cbirnttei bcine, ni», lamed uyMms flnmeUOoidon, nhoso voovlcvpi biliticsnrOEtillHuchnstoroudorhorpo nib- After Christin is a second attempt is to be nulo to present tho public with a colonial e-ny of ia old Lnshsh fair, but the institution seems to U ono nhloh «ill not b at transpltiutut. anti au tbo first oociMon it was only a ony unit«, believe The only nppioach to an) ti n_ if ho kind ni linn pint of tim uni Id was tho seenie t« presentation of Richmond Tair, in tho opcr i of '. Martin," at tho The itro UojiU. SPORTING. The provincial race meetings of the present season have hitherto shown no falling off in the quantity and quality of the sport providcd, albeit the prizes have in some cases fallen short of the liberality of former years and "better times." Castlemaine had its annual two days' gathering on the 26th and 27th of No- vember. Lancefield and Hamilton had their meetings in tho first ncek of the prcsrut month ; aud Ballarat, one of tho most important of th country districts, hold its turf tryst on the 18th, 39th, and 20th. At this meeting several of the loent horses in the country contested the various events, old Fl&tcatcher; winning one of the Ixtit handicaps, and an aged outsider, Bray, " turned loose" with 7st. 121b, on him, beat- ing " Flat" and a good field for the other, tiro Great Metropolitan Gold-field Handioap. Amongst tho horses who made their début ou this occasion, there were none who have any claim tonotice as showing any promise of futurs f uperiority, and the performances of the two and three year olds wero remarkable only for the first victory of Baroness, a powerful grey filly by Boiardo-Flatcatcher's dam. who won the first «vent of the Fourth Biennial Stakes, beating her ihreo competitors very easily. The defeat of the lliree-ycar-olds Saturn and Secundus by horsesofja distinctly inferior class in three events, oooi rioned much suiprlse, aüd tho running of the favourite, Donovan Brown, in the steeplechase caused some expressions of dissatisfaction. Tas turf business of Victoria for the last six weeks has been, however, somewhat, inter- fered with by the superior attractions and the greater interest found ra the Great Champion Meeting in Tasmania, which brought about a " Carnival weok" in Hobart Town, where tho races were held. Three of the Australian colo- nies-Tasmania, New South Wales, and Viotori» -were represented in the field ofjten competitors, and the Victorians were delighted to Bee the easy victory achieved by Mormon, who on this oooa f-ion added another loaf to the laurels won by his sire, Premier; and was the only horse sent from Victoria to contest the prize. In connexion with Ballarat Races, we may mention that on the day preceding the meeting the racecourse was thronged with spectators to .vit'vv the pedestrian matches between the two Lest ' amateurs in the country, for whom as re- presenting Melbourne and Ballarat reap eetively ti.eûruumerousf rienda from oaoh district had sub- scribed to present to the winner ahandsome trophy otimmemorativo of tbo occasion. There wera to'be three events,-the first, a race over 100 jprdsj the second, a race over 440 yards; and the third, a race over sixteen hurdles and half a n ¡lo of ground. The two champions had pre- viously met on a similar occasion, when Mr. Harrison (of Melbourne) was the winner in all three events, but tho distance of the hurdle rao3 -was then only a quarter of a mile; and the friends of Mr. Mount (Ballarat), believing that tbfi distance was not long enough for their re in/tentative, made it a condition of the prossut jirutch that the length of the third course should his doubled. The terms of the race were that tbo winner should gain two events. The Mel l cunio amateur was the favourite at three to one on him, until the'first race was run and von by Mr. Mount in ten seconds and a Iratf, when tho odds were reduced to evens, 'I ho second evont, 440 yards, was howover won t y Mr. Harrison, without difficulty, in fifty-four r-econds, and ho baeame onco more a favourite for the deciding race-half-a-mile, over hurdles, at 4 and 5 to 1 on him. Mr. Harrison carriol tho Melbourne colours proudly in front for two thirds of tbo distance, when the Ballarat ama- teur began to draw upon him, and the distanoo be- tween, them gradually diminished until the second hurdle from home, when Mr. Mount fairly i cached his opponent, had him beaten in the rext twenty yards, and won at last by five yards. A third trial of - the merits of the competitors in already talked of as likely to take place within a month. Aquatic sports have put in a claim to notice this month, a Champion Swimming Match having taken place on Saturday last, between Stevens, a celebrated swimmer of London, and an amateur, a native of Australia. On a previous occasion the former had been victorious, and now held the Champion Challenge Cup ; but on their meeting on Saturday, in a race at 200 yards, for the cup and a sweepstakes, Mr. Bennett proved the victor. The late holder will undoubtedly chal- lenge again for the trophy, and the result will be looked forward to with moro intorest than ordi- narily attaches to events of this description. THE BOTANIC GARDENS AND ENGLISH SONGBIRDS. Thors are few pleasures whioh the neighbour- hood of Melbourne affords more enjoyable at this season of the year than a ramble through the Botanic Garden. The flowers, generally (.peaking, are in full bloom, and as tho collodion is now extremely rich, tho attractions presented s re almost inexhaustible, evon moro so, perhaps, to the experienced florist, whoso eye instinctively wanders in searoh of the novel, than to the un- initiated visitor, or the mere lounger in the pleasant walks of botany. ThankB, also, to the acclimatiscrs, they have given musio to our woods, for the imported songsters and the young hirds reared within tho shelter of the garden, are now so numerous, that the listener to their warblings might well fancy himself in an English garden. To the notices we have given from time to time of additions and improve- ments we have little this month to add. Of the trees, thero aro fow moro beautiful at present than, the native white cedars, now splendidly flowered. Tho ourious in such matters will dis- cover with pleasure a solitary specimen of a Ja , jianeso fruit-tree, tho hoveuia, which is now in leaf, and promises to bear fruit next season. A number of piano trees of the samo description a; those of tho Boulevards of Paris-grown from seed sent from the Frenoh capital by Mr. Wilson -are now in vigorous growth, and will here- after, when planted between the rows of blue sums, to form the main avenue to the gar- dens from tho St. Kilda-road, have a mag- nificent effect. lu the forcing-house attention lins lately boon given to soeds of Manilla flax; and a number of fine younü; plants ard now in their early stages. Another nest (tho fifth noticed this season) of thruslits was lately discovered, the young ones just ready to fly ; and we aro glad to find that thero is now no reason to doubt that the port and sweet sinrring "mavis" is established amongst Aui trAlian birds. Tho gardonors report also that it is vory useful to thom, from tho num lerof grubs it destroys, A pair of ortolans have begun to form a nest, and a brood may therefor 3 I Le expected from thom. The silver pheasants ¡ left in the gardens havo given one brood this | season ; and tho experience already obtained goes i to show that the English pheasant, when set free 1 in say the thickly-wooded country around tin j Dandenong«, will easily maintain itself against, i its natural enemies. So far as is known, the im- ported fish aro doing well. Lately tho Acclimatisation Society have re- ! ccived an addition to their collection in a full- ! grown lyre bird, wbioh was snared at Dandenong -whilst on its nest. It was caught with a young bird ; but previous to its arrival at the gardens 1 the mother scratched the young bird out of tho nest, and caused its death. This is the first instance, with tho exception of ono whioh WA? caught on the Nicholson River, in Gipps Laud, of a full-grown lyro bird boin.; captured; and Kiora the manner it has become reconciled to crirjfiueuient, Dr. Mueller thiuks that there ii avery encourngomont to send these birds horn) to the mother country, where they havo no; jet been introduced. A discovery has boo a I» ade in rcforenoo to the nativo porcupine, oc »nt-ia'.er, which promises to bo of great ira forlance to tho causo of acclimatisation. It is now found that these animals will live upon milk jiud flour or bread, and thus the groat difficulty ÎH dispensed with of obtaining for them a constant supply of grubs or ants* eggs. A malo and female . porcupine havo just been sent by Dr. Mueller, ia the Kent, to tho Zoological Gardens, Regent's, Pork, ander tho charge of Mr. Haigh, and when «hey left this colony they appeared so tame and liealthy, that there is ovory prospect of introduc- ing-the female animal into England for the first lime, especially as the same difficulty will not be fill, in supplying them with food. Among ollior matters of interest in connexion v rib acclimatisation, is the fact that the finches ii-ccally sent from Rockhampton havo bred tl.is season. The larks havo again appeared, tiler a long absenco, and have been seen iu » clover-field adjoining tho gardens, with. Heir young. This is the soconu year of their I reeding in this colony, so that doubt no longer xr mains as lo theso favourite songsters of the old country adapting themselves to our Australian clime. COMMERCIAL. We had occasion to report by the last mail steamship, the Benares, which sailed on the 26th ult., that the month of November had been tbe dullest month of u dull commercial year. The prospects of a radical change being effected in our fiscal system, against the opinion of the majority of the colonists, the migratory move- ment to New Zealand, the Ministerial crisis, and the delay in the arrival of the mail, has tended to produce this result. We were, however, enabled to report the defeat of the protection movement, and the resignation of the Government. Since that date a new Government has been formed, and has met the House of As- sembly with an implied promise that no import- ant changes will be attempted in the pre- sent productive and simple tariff of Customs duties. This has given general satisfaction to the commercial interest, whose position was rendered unduly precarious while the wildest of changes were put forward one week and withdrawn the next. The consequence has been, that a steady business has prevailed, and a healthier condition of trade. The country dis- tricts have taken off larger quantities of goods, in the face of the revival of the movement of the population towards the Otago gold-fields. With the efflux of the mining population, many of the second houses and country dealers have been borne along, and the relative proportions of consumers and caterers have been brought within limits more in consonance with the just demands of trade and commerce ; and this has been without any material fluctuations in our markets, while trade has certainly been rendered the sounder. In the money market there have not been any changes calling for notice. The local issue of Victorian Railway Debentures of small amount has been taken up during the month to the sum of £22,660-a sign that these securities are as favourably looked upon by small capitalists as they are by those of larger means. The demand for discounts has been larger during the month than during its predecessor, in about the same proportion as trade has increased. The banks have not made any changes in their rates, which remain at — For two months', 8 per cent. ; for three months', 9 per cent. ; for four months', 10 per cent. Interest is allowed on time deposits at the following rates :- For deposits at thirty days' notice, from 1½ to 2 per cent, per annum ; at three months' notice, from 2 to 2½ per cent. ; at six months' notice, from 4 to 4½ per cent. Exchange on England remains' at par for sixty days' sight, 1 per cent, for thirty days', and 1½ per cent, for small sums at sight. The rate charged by the Peninsular and Ori- ental Company for the transmission of gold and bullion from Melbourne to the Bank of England is 1 3/4 per cent., including insurance. The Oriental Bank Corporation charges for thirty days' exchange — On Bombay, Calcutta, Madras, 2s. 1d. per rupee ; China, 5s. 1d. per dollar ; Ceylon, 3½ per cent, premium; Mauritius, 4J. 2d. per dollar; Singapore, 4s. 11d. per dollar. The returns from the gold mines during the month havo boon above tho average of those of the previous three months, but the total produc- tion for the year, according to the escorts, has been considerably below that of last year. The ma- jority of the gold-fields are, however, now brought within a day's easy approach to Melbourne, and large parcels continue to find their way to Melbourne and Geelong, the ports of shipment, by private hand. The escorts for last week brought down 40,478½oz., against 44,514oz. for the corresponding period of last year. In the following table the two weeks are given side by side, together with the totals for the years up to date : 1861. 1860. Castlemaine Maldon .. .. Sandhurst Heathcote Rushworth . Kilmore .. Maryborough .. Back Creek Dunolly Inglewood .. Tarnagulla (Sandy Crk.) Ballarat .. _ Creswlck Clunes.. .. Beechworth Yackandandah .. Chiltern (Indigo) Morse's Creek .. Amherst.. oz. dwt. i.eso 0 2.056 0 4,867 0 834 0 787 10 l63 0 1.03S 0 1,777 0 2,055 0 2.000 10 1.001 10 1,079 0 1,665 0 1.057 0 8,130 0 1.108 10 2,609 0 2,283 10 3z. dwt. 8,453 10 1,062 10 9,368 10 1 009 10 1,096 O 381 0 891 0 1,227 10 2,678 10 a. 270 0 ?1,400 0 2,179 10 1,851 10 8,321 10 1,221 10 M85 0 27745 0 182 10 Totals for the weeks .. Previous escorts ¡Totals for the years .. j 40,478 10 1.057,805 10 1,008,374 li 4Í.61* 0 1,026,802 15 1,070,810 16 Iho escorts from Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Mary- borough, Back Creek, and Ballarat aro weekly ; othsrs every alternate weok. In the following table, tho quantities brought it^p Melbourno weekly by tho escorts from all tho gold-fields are givon separately for three months, ending on Friday. In the last column will be found the totals for the corresponding weeks of I860: J! lis« 911 3316 3178 8525 818 621 250 742 11611 11004 4173 3146 3U0| «73 83721 4022h 40161 4830! 7.181 6,623 6,883 4,603 3,987 6,105 3.915 4.091 7,235! 6,4221 6,365 6,0751 4,f 1668 2845 U67Í - 1332,2465 995 - 1407 2366 1351 - 15052570 1303! - 1407,2882 1020 - 1271,2831 1297 - 177712955 4311 2282 704l| - 27") 11940 5721 1511 8601 4224 3161 3173 3358'1230 3748 712 2223 1790 1S70J 1916 9Ï4 "792 48,157 80,102 40,707 28,370 37,007 29,237 35,870 28,053 39,563 84,079 89,147 29,179 40,479 460,605 48,049 31,191 88,078 82,763 43,499 32.SS7 46,013 3S.745 47,215 81,025 86,553 35,391 44,514 500,432; .».ii ó 2 _ u o I o I g_.S "g O r3.2,_^3. 1 g 3-ß.ü g3 "to is o JH"2 . -£35 MO g g ÏTg * OÄ o. ?5«="ä © -*ers » 0° to « sa boo o, O O *",C i ¿«i-ai alas There has been an active trade doing in gold this month. The supplies of New Zealand gold which ' have arrived from Otago have not been offered in this market, but havo been brought down by the banka for tranship- ment. The banks are buyers on our gold- fields at the rate of £313s. Od. per ounce for standard. This, with the export duty of 2s. Cd. Ser ounce, brings the cost on board ship to £3 Gs. per ounce, exclusive of ohargcs. At this rate, the prices of alluvial gold from the varions districts may be stated at-Omeo, TJppor Tarra, Shady Greek, £3 9s. 3d. to £3 its. 3d. ; Dande- nong, Jamieson's, and Big Biver, £3 12s. Gd. to £3 Us. 3d. ; Oastlemoino, Bendigo, and Moan tain Creek, £3 15s. Cd. to £3 15s. Od. ; Crooked Biver, Boggy Crook. Caledonia, and Anderson's Creek, £3 lGs. 3d.: Maryborough, Dunolly, Avoca, and Baglan, £317a. to £317s. Od. ; Cres wick and Brown's, £316s. 3d. to £317s. 9d. ; Ballarat and Ovens, £3 18s. Od. The following is a list of the gold ships whioh have Bailed sinoe the 1st of November : Dato or Hailing. Washington ., Moravian ,. Indomnlty.. Monarch .. uluru» Torrent .. ., Lighting.. Harkaway.. ., Koorta Mooni ., Henares .. ., JoDttliUOMcf ., Netherby .. ., Southampton Queen of Nations, KmprCMortheSM Harlan Moor» ., Rotult ., [Ungaltra.. DosUn Hone Kong . London.. London.. London .. London .. Bong Kong . Llrerpool Hong Kong . London.. Point de dallo. Liverpool London .. London .. London.. London .. London .. . Lou Ion .. Sydney ,. Ounce«,' 18.63T 4T.0ÎJ 11,117 41,631 22,66) 0,791 81,011 11,493 11,931 Sl,40r 4,113 6,45} 19,871 83,211 20,611 8,237 89101 t.»9) Tho shipments during the past week have besa as follow : OS. By tho Result, for London. 89,4)1 ! Raug-tlia, for Sydney .. .. 8,013 5 mall shipmont» in pusengers' hands .. 19 ITivlous shipment» corrected by compart, i on with the entrlts pissed at tbo Cus Unis.1,969,81? 2,018,22) JDcdtnt gold the produce ol Kew Zealand .. 133,270 Total for the yew.1,879,98) Up to the corresponding date of last year tha shipments amounted to 2,05C,930oz. The money market has been quiet, as wo h»va 1 already had occasion to remark. Towards the close of last week, a demand for Bhort-date ni ? vanees sprang up, but to a comparatively snull amount. The share market has not been well Bupported, especially in joint- stock companies. A ¡.cnoral half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of the Melbourne and Hobaon's Bay Railway WAS held on the 3rd instant, at the company's offices, Flinders-street. The. report of the direotors was brought up and adopted, and a divi- dend declared at the rate of ten per oent. per annum. Messrs, Nicholson and Suther i land were re-elected to their seats at tho board 1 of direction. The Viotonan Government Railway trrfiio returns have shown a steady and in- creasing passenger and goods trr.de, of a character to give assurance of tho permanent value of the debentures. The affairs of tho Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company aro still unsettled, and without prospect of immediato adjustment. The sales reported on 'Change lost week wero as follow :-On Monday-Colonial Bank of Australasia, £6 10s. ; Australasian In- surance Company, £1 9s. On Tuesdaj National Bank of Australasia, £3 6s. Gd. ; Bendigo Waterworks, £2 ; Catherine Reef (min- ing), 3s, 6d. ; Nelson Reef, 2s, On Wednesday Rational Bank of Aus'ralasia, £3 6s. 6d. ; Nsl rou Reef (mining), Is. Od. On Thursday-Na- tional Bank of Australasia, £3s. 6s. 6d, ; Bendigo O us Company, £312s. Gd.t; New Chum, Bendigo induing), Is. 3d. On Friday-Bank of Viotoria, £34 ; JSustler's Reef (mining), 7s. ; and this day-National Bank of Australasia, £3 6s. 6d. ; Hustler's Reef (mining), 7s. In the open market snlos were effected during the week in Colo- nial Bank at £6 10s. ; National Bank, £3 6i., £3 6s. Gd., and £3 7B. ; Australasian Insurance Company, 29s. ; Colonial Insurance Company, 14s. Gd. ; Collingwood Gas Company, £417s. Gd. ; Ilobson's Bay Railway, £40 10a. ; South Yarra W&torworkB;, £5 ; Catherine Reef (Keith'B), 3s. 9d. ; Long Gully, 2s. ; end a parcel of Government SixTper Cent. Debentures, £104J. The following is u statement of the traffic returns of all the railway lines in operation io. Victoria for the month of Novomber, with tha exception of the E=si;ndon, the returns of whioh have not yet been published periodically : Pas- sengers, chandlso. Mer Total. Oovornmont Lines Molbourneand Hob Bon's Bay Melbourne and Sub- urban St. Kilda and Brigh- ton 3520 8 6 íoro 7 4 858 5 4 7 7 2 £ a. d. .8308 . 8 6921 17 19 1050 7 865 12 G The sales of stations during the past month have been as follow :-The Mount Emu Station disposed of for £42,000, to Messrs. Gibbs, Ronald, and Co., of Geelong. The station is situated near Skepton, and was the property of Mr. T. A. Brown, and comprises 13,000 acres of purchased land, with 20,000 sheep. The Windooran Station on the Billabong, the property of Mr, James Ash- croft, with 2,000 head "of cattle, at £710s. p3r head-ono third cash, the remainder at one and two'years, with interest at ton per cent.; aal the St. Germain's 8tulion, on tho Goulburn (Vio- toria), with £2,000 head of oattlo, at £4, ti» horses at £5 per head, and the purchased land at 20s. per acre. Tho wool season has been a very favourable one, and the clips which have been brought ti market havo been in excellent condition. It is believed that tho increase of this year's clip over that of last year will not be so considerable »i was at first predicted. Since the arrival of the Northam two public nales have been hold in this market. That held at Messrs. R. Goldsbrough and Co.'s, on tho 18th, was well attended, but buyers wero indisposed, in the faoe of lata advices from tho home markets, to pay the full rates realised atllwlosteale. Growers wore un- willing to submit to lower prices, and a consi- derable portion of tlio quantity offered (3,753 balcB) was consequently withdrawn. About 1,009 bales were placed at from 12d. to 20d. for fleece, lOd. to 20}d. for lambs. 8.}d. to 14d. for greasy, and lOJd. to 13¿d. per lb. for greasy lambs. On tho following day a sale was hold at Messrs'. J. H. Clough and Co.'s, at which a better feeling appeared to prevail. Of 2,600 baleB offered, about 1,1)00 bales wero placed. Greasy wools brought from 7d. to 13|d. j fleece, front 17.d. ti 24d. ; and a parcel of superior scoured realized the1 high price of 2s. 6}d. per lb. Detailed par- ticulars of tho marks and prices obtained will be found in our mai ket report, Tho commercial year of 1861 may be said to ba atan end to-day. Tho remainder of the year will be givon up to tho holidays. If it has not beon an absolutely disastrous ono, it certainly has been a most unprofitable one, in tho import market. Wo havo given, in the introductory re- marks to our prices outrent, a general review oí the present condition of iliia branch of trade. The imports at Melbourne during the past week havo amounted to the declared value of £340,151, and tho exports to £325,471, tho balance being in favour of the former by the sum of £14,683. Specie was exported to the value of £24,000. Among the avticlcsof colonial produce exported, we find the following:-Copper oro, 335 tons; copper, 20 tonf ; gold, 20,241oz. ; hay, 40 tons ; livo stook, horses, 101 No. ; provisions, preserved, 86 packages ; raited bacon, 10 tons : beef, 2 tons ;. hams, 144 tons ; skins, 400 No. j tallow, 41 tons ; wool, l,365,8G41b. In the following table the imports and exports aro givon weekly for the current year, side by side with those of 1880, together with tho totals up to date : Imports. I860. £ 117,703 872,342 222,331 6¡?I',1S9 175,016 104,544 150,888 131,906 102,641 334,814 287,927 801,881 201,930 105,071 dJl,481 821,224 160.179 479.046 ir. t.ißi 177,780 21'VJIO 153,231 83,482 205,821 21<\i9ï 80'i,177 2811,030 21S.881 425,028 86,811 140,441 93,877 517,041 229,203 03.668 269,740 640,788 817,780 243,678 277,794 291,051 400,809 176,609 288,661 288,403 140,241 212,487 609,166 126,861 200,562 1801. i 130,186 804,467 181,189 409,471 827,706 197,198 821,611 117,112 141,006 269,869 248,502 263,991 224,004 105,681 84,847 208,181 809,121 255,763 801,067 231,809 184,271 172,611 149,895 198,472 181,700 125,201 249,838 262,360 847,486 420,666 821,071 190,176 486,761 128,82! 202,769 618,053 198,848 803,789 194,067 267,680 263,611 250,676 260,631 261,665 156,601 818,616 121,459 283,640 144,611 340,161 Exports. 1860. « 185,822 107,183 402,064 872,839 110,127 247.108 174,618 139,102 229,236 203,706 205,533 178,271 133 D26 2W.CG0 184,091 180,053 818,030 40,033 267,481 187,938 190,101 88,715 269;151 231,861 284.S16 71,492 184,370 276,122 68,918 801,926 99,871 816,338 69,310 601,047 189,800 78,730 812,771 17,011 101,702 66,164 888,712 826,188 881,168 189,732 209.816 200,307 381,180 161,989 276,766 179.6J7 113,000,602112,228,6081X1,886.8371 ll,7o2,5S9 In tho first porlod the account stood thus:-« Importa " .£18,909,502 XxporU .. .. .. .. 11,885,887 Daluio» o! Imports over exporta .. £2,E11,16C In the second period :-< Imports ." .. ßl2,2sj,60fl Exports .11,763,659 Balance of imports over exporte .. .. £401,117 Tho following is a statement of the stooks of all dutiable goods in bond at tho port of Mol- boumo on tho 21st of December :-Colonial dil« tiUed spirits, 1,606 hhds. ; brandy, 3,065¿ hhdï. 37,766 cases ; mm, 1,735hhds. 61 cases; genera, COA hhds., 41.003 red 3,721 green coses ; whiskey, C03 hhds. 12,117 cases; old tom, 592J hhds. 15,764 cases ; cordials, 2,709 oases ; spirits of wine, 074 hhds.: other spirits, G0.J hhds. 3,22« cases; wine, 2,340} hhds, 7,668 oases; beer, 5.383 hhdp. 5,263 oases and casks ; tobacco, 2 hhds.. 22 naskn, 40 bales, 3 tierces, 1.107A half-tterucs, 184 quarter-tierces, 136 kegs, 5,03$ thrcc-quarti'i- boxes, 4.090.J cases and boxes ; cigars, 388 caces ; snuff, 70 packages ; tea, 26,895; cherts, 17,318 half-chests, 15,703 boxes; colles, 2,858 baprr, 3 tierces, 399 casks, 116 barrels; sugar, 22.01G bags raw, 22,742 packages; moiocrcs,2 Illida, ; chicory, 339packages; opium, 36 chest*, 177 packages. Stock in hands of Victoria Sugar Company :-Sugar, raw, 437 toni ; in procese, 516 tons ; refined, 77 tons ; troaolo, 185 tons : total, 1,215 tons. The Insolvency Circular for Nore-bar con- tains a list of 125 insolvents, whose schedule« , have been filed in Melbourne; end ot forty-thres whoso schedules have been filed in Oblong. The stated liabilities of the majority of thean estates were miall. In Melbourne, thoy were below £500 in 101 eisen, and of these the greater portion were under £200. In the Geelong lilt thero are some hoavy estates; one over £8,000, ono over £5,000, two over £3,000, and four over £2,000. During the month forty-nine certificates were granted at Melbourne, and two at Geelong, One certificate was absolutely refused. Assign- ments for the benefit of oreditors were registers! in ten estates. Dividends were paid in RIX only. Flans of distribution were filed in nineteen es- tates. The list of estates on which accounts of receipts and disbursements havo been filed, " thero being n'o funds available for dividend," ÍB a very long one. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. The returns of the Immigration Board for the month of November are published in the Bill of Entry, for all ports of the colony. The arrivals numbered 2,173 during the month, and the de- partures 3,298, the balance being in favour of emigration by 1,125 persons. Of the arrivals, 1,575 were adult males, 382 adult females, 115 male and 101 female children. Of the de partures, 2,824 were adult males, 306 adult females, 86 male and 82 female children. The ports of arrival were-Melbourne 2,164, Geelong 3, all other ports 6; and of departures-Mel- bourne 3,286, Geelong 5, all other ports 7. Com- paring the intercolonial emigration, it will be found that there was a balance against this colony in favour of New South Wales of 207, and in favour of Tasmania of 198 ; and a balance in favour of this colony against South Australia of 13, and against New Zealand of 68. The returns affecting tho United Kingdom show an addition to our population of 312. A large number of Chinese took their way back to Hong Kong - over 1,000 in all. The following digest of the returns gives the clearest insight into the migra- tory movements of the month : New South Wales,. South Australia .. Tasmania Kew Zealand Total neighbouring colo- nies United Kingdom .. Foreign ports Kot docreaco P 1S80 258 1160 405 1113 1125 In the following table the arrivals and depar- tures are given monthly for eleven months of the year, compared with tho corresponding periods oE I860. It will be seen that while immigration liai fallen off this year, as compared with last, t) tho number of 3,902, emigration has increase! to that of 10,966. The balance for the current year has been in favour of emigration by 8,595 : 1860. 1861. January -"oriruary March Al» 11.. ¡lay .. ?Juno,.. July .. August September October November . 8,128 2,688 2,040 2,826 2,280 1,610 1,838 2,828 2,821 2,817 1,028 1,821 2,646 1,510 2,082 1,465 1,648 1,783 1,665 2,840 1,134 2,710 i,r~ 2,285 1,850 1,044 1,025 1,000 2,806 1,100 8,425 2,178 1,815 1,79) 2,45! 1,932 2,061 1,167 1.7U 2,892 9,801 3,102 8,293 20,807, 20,084 20,004 22,40a 81,06) ^_.,46S 6,278 We repeat, for the information of distant readers, that the population of the colony, ac- cording to the census taken in April, waa as follows ¡-Males, 328,651-; females, 211,671; total, 540,322. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Office, Monday Evening. Our summary by the last mail announced the défait of the Uto Ministry, and tho chock administered t) tho protectionist party and to the prospect o tua imposition of lncrossed duties. That we wore boras out in our remarks as to the probablo improvement ia trade consequent on this onunga, a review of our markets during the mouth tosUfloj. We now have ti i ci ort a Btotdlor trado,Increased demand, and im l.rovod pilóos for many Imported artlolos of general consumption. lhere has throughout tho monva licon a good Bhlpplug detr.and, moro particularly 1 r tilt) Ifittlomont Of Duiiudln, ibo near«,! port to tho Otago (tiow Zealan I) gold-flails, und tbo markot has not only boen relieved of A Ur;* cnrplaB of stocks, but ' of a ojntldcrablo quantity of second-class and inforlor goods,the low pnces, of whli"! lavo attracted shipping bil) era. Tho country trad i lan alio shown a steady dom md, aud although ihccsod during tho last weok by atocond movomoit of digger» to Otago, is generally considered ina hoalthy ,iate, and number« of small traders, without mean, having boon wooded out, a mro legitimate bualneai li doing, and confidence is much Increased. Tho mora medente suppllos reported as having bren made durla? e,ctobor lu most articles of gonnril unu, has siso tendol toglvo a balor feeling to holders, although tho eaooi ilve supplioa so loog recklessly lorwardod to this marks'. Billi leave stocks, lo many instances, to bo yet furttnr v orked dovm. beforo any permanent improvcmont ia rrlcos ero bo looked for. Por tho future, reau'ts aro in shippers' hands ; cxoes9ivo stockB aro muoh reduce., and, with roatouablosopplloa, tho prêtert ruling ratoi ruiy fid-ly be considered as established. Basinets gene- rally Is ina fair hoallby oondltlon, speculation li m', rifo, buta steady wholosomo trado ii doing, witt ovory proBptot of Its uninterrupted oontlnuauoj. Th) trade of tho year 1861, may now be locked on ajondei, and what with the Ohrittmai holldav«, stock taking, balancing accounts, and other mattera attendant ox tho closo of the year, bul little Is llkoly to bo dolar, In mercantile tramaotlons for tho nexi f jrtnlglit. V tth til's sketch of the condition and promoctjof markot«, wo pioceod to miro dotalled par'l ¡«lara ol the leading articles of general use. L'ulk beor hal throughout the month been ia sto*dy and iiicrotdar demand, more particularly alei of tho most approval hinds; prîtes of those sorti have also Improved, au i | nt tho prosont data Bass's Ko. 3 Is worth £i 12«. 6 I to £816s, ; Allsopp'», £B 10a. ; aud other good branda 11 proportion. The itnprovem-nt docs not, howevir, rofjr ! lo inforlor sorts, which aro difficult cf sale even Rtoom taratlvoly low rates Stout is steady, but douiHiid ia no; lurgo. Bottled beers aro also Improved, and ratio1! ! moro readily saleable even at better prices. Stout of i licet brands is lu good demand, at 10a. per dozen. Alo | lu tound condition Is somowhat scare«, and worth 0i i Bil to 0a 0d per dozen ; but tho bul. on hand Is goo3- j rally of ladifforont quality, cloudy, and In bad condl t'cu, and bringa lower ratos, Quotations are Ale.-Bass's Ko. 8, now, £8 12s. Gd. ; Allsopp'* ; now, £8 10«. ; other Burton browors'. £7to £T 7i ' per UM. ; Joule's ¡Hone, £8 6s. ; Tennent'«, C1 6s. per ht.d. ; Byasa'5, bottlod, 9J 8d ; AllBOp?'j, Os. Cd. ; other bottlers', 8s. Od. to 9s. -tout- . Beat brands, £6 10s. ; Allsopp'«, £6 10«. ; othor bróc- ela', £5 10s. per hhd ; Byass*», bottled, 9a. 0J.; All- ' aopp's, bottled by Friona, quarts, 10i ; othor bot- ' ttoo', 8i. 6d, to 9s. 6d. pordoson; Bvtclay's porter, I bottled by Friend, quarts, 10s. ; phils, none in markst. I Bags and 8aok«.-For woolpack« thors id no» ni i demand. Hfqulrements aro suppl eil, ned priest no- minal at 8s. 6d. each. The elisoappr u.h of hirves, has crovted a bolter demaud for sack«, aid rates an mending, good quality threo-bushel shelis belli wort'i , from 11s. to lis. Od. por dozon. Butter continues hopelessly dull. Parcels aro foroo I eff by auction as soon as landod, as the only uioani of placing thom, and no ono eonms to havo faith In ove i the prosont mUetablo quotation of 7d. to 7Jd. por lb. fee best p&rcols; being maintained. The heavy shipments of candles advised by the lui , mall, the ohiof portion of which, however, nppsar t) be of foroljrn make, bavo not visibly atfectod tho mi .. ! let. Holders of Belmonts aro Arm, and domail I tteady, Blooks of othortdcscrlptlons are not oxoai aive ; and the largo quantities of damagod, which hacj ro long kept tho price of sound pareóle in oheot, being diipoied of, prices, aro not likely to di- el Ino to any Important extent. Quotations are - Neva atoarino. Hid ; Bo'mont eporms, 18|d ; Ogilby and Balea', 13d. to 18Jd. per lb. In canvas thore Is no alteration to notice ; best qua litios continue saleable in small lot?, but for lnlarlor forts domand is very light. Quotations aro- medium, lid. to 12d. : best qualities, lad. to lid. por yard. Cement allows no improvement, stocks are very large, and demand dull. Etonian is quoted at IBs., aal Fortland at 16s. per barrol. Goals are at present somewhat scarce, and althouf i the season Is against large consumption, prlcoikooj tolerably tteady. Best Newcastle (N.S.W.) are wort'i 43a. to 15s, por ton on the wharf ; of KngUih boma bold sorts the market Is bare. Chicory li In improved demand, and the light amount of ihlpments reported hu caused flimueei oi the part ot holders. Sales are reported at 6Jd per lb. Confootlonory has slightly Improved in demand, bat nat above lud. por lb. it procurable for oven smalt par co'e of best asaottmenta. Cordago-Manilla Is in fair inquiry, stooksof tali roitaronot heavy, and priooi are llkoly to bs am tallied. Tent lines are In request for the Mew Zoataa 1 market Seaming twino of good quality continuel calcable in small parcel«, at unchanged prices. Quotv tiona are:-Europe, £80 to £88; Russian, £49; oolr, £30 to £38; Manilla (assorted), £50 per ton; alnp twine, lOil. : twine, sewing, 12,d. to 13d. per lb. Drugs.-thore Is scarcely any alteration to remar, in the valuo of any ot the artlolos nnder this ho vi. Tartaito acid, cream of tartar, and oaibona'.eot silk aro slightly lu improved demand. Sulphur flour Ii easier, and cannot be quoted at above «1» per owl. Opium remains dull; (or PaWa thoro la scarcely In- quiry, and the pr.co quoted la quito nimloal. Pre- paró- is In moderate demand only, and a further supply being to hand to-day, ossior ratos may be looked for. Soda« yatala and aah oootinue very dull of sale, without amendment in value. Quotation I are :-Opium, Pata*, £270 per ehest, duty paid : pre- pared, 27«. to 28«. per caniater; soda erj stau, £7 ti. ; ?eda ash, £18 per ton; sulphur flour, 21«. per owl, ; carbonate soda, 19*. and Î0i. per cart. ; tartarts ant, Sa. 6d. per lb. i BMlbe-ware, ia good «MOU_O_I,_ avila «¿«HU*. fuir rates. Supplies, how,ver, aro ample, and no advsnco on tho rates at. present procurable isllxoly to i milo. FUli, dried and salted.-Korrinya ara in improved den and, especially white sorts, of which the «toot Is »got. Ling fleh Is in lossened domsnd, and tin large quantity ol infer!, r quality in the market keopi bock au improvement ia the valuo of primo. Quo-.v tiona aro-Ling, prime, Id. ; herrings, rod, 22s. tD 24s. per dozen tina ; white, in firkins, los. to 11s.-Ia 'tins, Su to 6e. Od. \- Tho flour maiket has gradually improved, and hit this week shown more activity. Stocks aro low, ant tbe Irado hftviog purchasod more freely, has indaoad a ' speculative inquiry, and prices have closed to-day I firmer at a alight advance. This improvement I', how- i ever, temporary ; the now wheat will shortly be plen- 1 Wully at market, and as soon as the up country milli get to work, the domsnd in town will of course bl materially reduced, and pilcos In all probability rectdo. ïho Camilla has arrived to-day fro ti I San Friuclico, with a cargo of wheat, flour, and oats, but being of medente tonnage only, will not afleU prices. Wheat, ot colonial growth, 1» as yet couiim? slowly to market, and has caused pár- chales to bo niader irom the Californian parcels Ol hand, a talc of which, to tho extent of some 16,0)) buthcl), wai mado on tho 21;t, at about 5«. 6d. par bushel. Oats continue In good Inquiry, and prices of the be ter sorts aro well maintained, colonial au I Californian grown having the preference ; old parcel) of Scotch aud Irish are, however, quito noglectel, and difficult of sale even at low prices. Barley re- matas dill, without chango in prices. Maize ii cou, lug for .tard tnodoratoly, and pricos are firm. Gram.-Shipments aro to hand moro plentifully, but ' there seems but Uttlo disposition to purchaso, anl I prices have a downward tendoncy. Malt has been la lair inquiry, but has attracted less notice towards ta i clore ol tho month ; pricos, however, aro steady, and holders firm Quotations of Hour aud grain aroa, foil,«-:-Flour. - Tasmanian, £11 to £12; Adelaide, £12 10s. to £18, superfine, £14 ; Californian, £10 10s. to £11 10s. per ton; Unite 1 Staion, 32s to 34s. per barrel. Wheat.-Colonial, 6s. to 5J. 3d. ; Adelaide, 5s. öd. ; Californian, 5s. 6d. ptr bushol. Oats.-Irish and Scotch, 3a. 8i. to 8s. id. ; Californian, 3s. lOd. to 4s ; colonial, 4s. Od. to 4s. 81. per buniol. Harley.-Malting, 0i. ; feoding, 8s. 01. to 4s. porbashol Maize, Sydney grown, 6s. 8d. par bushel, liait., 10a. Gram, £10 por ton, Maize moil, £16. Peas meal, £34 per ton. Scotch oatmeal, £16 IJ £19 ; colonial, £26 per ton. ] Fruits, drtod,-The usual demand for Christmas hu caused a looipurary Improvement, and ourranti, raisins, flue, arid almonds bave boen in inquiry. A cargi direct from Malaga is oxpected, but with the Christmas rlormnd over, and fresh fruits plentifully supplied, os tlioy shortly will bo, the proipoot is in favour of lower rates. Quotations are-Almonds, Jor- dan, Is 4d. ; sole- shell, 6d. ; currants (fatras), SJd. to 8}d. ; raisins- Muscatels (layers), 7d. to 8d.; Caps, (new) Od, to OJcl ; Frouch plutus (butties), 8d. to lOd. : figs, 4Jil. to Cd.; Barcelona nuts, 4tt lo 6d. ; driel apples (American), ii d. to4Jd. per lb. Hardwaro and Ironmongery.-There has boon bad- ness dolrg lu thovj goods for tbo New Zoalini market, but stocks aro now materially decreased, atti prices continuo without changer. Hops -Demand has been moderato, and prices are without alteration. Kent and Susiox, 1800, la. Bd. to ' Î8. ; 181.0, Is. Od. to Is. 8d, per lb. Groceries.-Tons aud oolfVoi bavo been In steady, although not extensivo, inquiry. The finer sorts of congous aro in better Inquiry, ard quite curtain price), but interior and low sorts, which aro abundant, ara not romilly saleable, and bring low figures. Iba damaged portion of tho cargo of teas, ex Florones nightingale, conslitlng of about 1,700 packages, hi] boen p) red by auction dering the week at full prices, conoid-ring condition. Sugars aro Arm and well held. By auction, tho cargo, ex Chevy Chaso, und the re- siduo of that per Lawrence, both from Mauritius, have been oil"-red durUg the weoi : about 1,800 bagi only waro placed, tho prices realized, however, wara fully up to auront rates. Tho reserves vvriro hlgti, anl the tradu nppoarod juttat presont indisposed to la- crease Uiïir sticks. Bice hat been la but modé- late inquiry ; for boat samples of Patna £15 per ton ii asked, but prices vary accordlag ti quality ; aud by auction a parcel ot old Pata» hssbeoii placed at from £1016s. to £ll por ton Quota- tions a-o : - Teas (duty paid)-Congoo, good ordi- nary io lino, £7 103. to £11 per cho.-.t; Inferior to or Hilary, £5 to £7 per chest; hysonskin, £3 per chest ; gunpowder, 8s. to Sa Bil. ; imperial, 2». 6d. to ii. Od. ; hydon, 2s. 3d. to 2a. Od. ; orange pekoe, seontcd, ii. 8d. to 2s. 9il. per lb. Oou*da j (In bond) - Ooylon plantation, Od. to lOd. ; nativo, 7d, to 7Jd. ; Java, 7d. per lb. üugar. - Corpora, No. 1, 4Sa. ; Mauritius, low to fiuo yellow, 30J. to 41s. ; loir I io flue orowu, 328. to 369. par cwt. Klee, Patna, new, £16 por ton. Gunpowder.-Stock) continue heavy; holders aro, lowtv r, Armor, and bett descriptions of blasting ara quottd attd per lb. Motáis -Bir ond rod iron aro very heavy In stoo't, aud extremely dull ot sale. Corrugated galva-i zji iron lu« »jiproved in d«ma.,d, especially for Uni brands, for oiivoriiigolshodsoa tho Uovernrnentlluji of railwy; tho country douaad Is, however, vory »lack, aud the trido are unwlllln.; to purchaso fir stock oven at loar rates. Bhaot-loid shovi no Improvement, Imports far oxceedlng the deman 1. The inquiry for zlno has been more animated, ail sales to a fair amount offected a', q cotation!. Tin-plates have betn lu bettor doinand, but stoc.ee are tau heavy to admit ol any early Improve- ment in prices Quotations aro i-.'Uorewood's patent corrui;aUd galvnnlzod tinned, 24 und 2(J gauges, £86 per ton ; ilorewood's corrugated galvanized, rio. 2, or untiuned, £38 10s. do. ; Topper's do,, £33 10». do. ; Hamilton's or otber English maker't, £83 do.; Scotch. £80 to £31 do.; Morewojd's galvanised tinned plain, 26 and 28 gt-.uges, £1) do.; luppor's, or otber Eugliih maker's, £38 do.; Scotch du., £36 d9. ; rod ana bia-, best Staffordihlre brands, BUH, £10 do. ; do., Scotch, £9 10a do.; pitt?, £1B do. ; sheet assorted, £15 do ; anglo and T, ' £10 do. ; hoop, £12 do. ; pig, (A 10J. do. ; Swedish, no Bale. Lead-Pipe, assorted sires, £23 to £20 do. ; sheet, milled, assorted, £24 do. ; shot, assorte!, £B0 do. Quicksilver, Is 8d. por lb. Steel-Bliitor, £2 6i. per cwt ; cast, £210s. do. Tin-Block, la. Od. tola. vi. per lb. ; plates, charcoal, IO, plates, otu.* coal, IX, 121 Por c°at »dvanco. V/Iro- FoncUiif, black, £15 per ton; gslvanlzed, No?. 1 to 6, £18 dj. Zinc-Rolled, light, £30 do.; do. nail», £2 8s to £2 30s. porowt. Oilmen's utorcrr.-gosier dcscrlptluna or thong gool» aro burjouiing low lu stock, and bringlnir higher prlosi. Axcoinjat these are pickles, sirdiuos, salaion, oystori, and Uiuinb blue, for which thero is a good doman 1. Jami aud b jttled fruits aro moro ir,i]uiied for, but 4: oxtro nely low rates, the domaud being merely to a lporary. In other articles tbe doniand is untaiport&at;, but -. Ir.mis» tondoncy to more flrmnr-as in prlcoi. Quotations aro :-Blue, thumb, lOd. per lb. ; curda powder, quarts, 18s. to 14s. per dozeu; fruits, botilol, quarts, 'JJ. tW. do. ; jams and Jellies, lib. tius, lOs.Od. do. ; lobsters, lib. this,American, 8s. Oil. do.; niacoaroai, 7}d. per Ib.; vormicolll, whito, Nr.plovnnd Oonoa, C1, do.; mustard, in bulk, Ko. 2, 8}tl. do. ; do., in lia. bottles, 12s. (ki. pordozon; do., in Jib. bottle», 8s. do ; oatrueal, £19 to £¿0 per ton ; oyntor», prciorved, Ho. tins, 16s per dozen; do., 21b. tiun, 17s. to 20s. do.; pickles, quarts, 10s. to 11s. Od do. ; do., pints, 61. di. t > Ss. Oi. do. ; preserved moats, 21b lins, wantod ; salai oil, pints, 14s. per du/au ; do, liilf-ntnts, 81. Od. do. ; salmon, preserved, lib. tlrm, 17s. d>.; sardines, halves, Ila. do.; da, iiuartuis, 61. Od. ti 7s. do. ; sauces, assorted, balf-pluts, 8s. da. ; di. Worwjtnrshlro (Lea and Perr'rn'a), 12s. to 12a. 61, do.; bin oh (Oolinan'a), 5Jd. per lb. ; vinegar, bro n'a (Obauiiilan's 24), lu. lOd. per Ballon ; do., oouoa t tratod, quarts, 9a to 10s. per dozrm ; white wlno, la. di. to Is. Od. per gallon. Oil-, Paints, So- Linseed oil Is recovering from l'.s Htod»pres»ion, and ahlppliigorrtors havo strongtho.vjl tbe market. Turpentine is iu fair request, at iuipriv.il rates. Faints remain dull of sale, at low rates. Prljjj ere :-Linseed oil (raw), Us. 6a. ; boiled, 3s. Od, ; coln, 6s.; Chinese, Is. lid. to 5s.; turpentine, 6s 3d. par gallon. Whito load, boat, 38s. ; red lead, 80s. nar ewt. Provision».-Hams, bacon, and cheese, of prim) quality, are of ready sale. Of the latter, in good con- dition, and of first-rate quail.y, tho market is bara, and arrlvali will moot ready salo at full quoted prico 1. Xxtenisive shipment» of inferior and unsound bamsani bacon have been mado, the low prlcos ruling for thma dcioilpilons having attractod shippen' notice. Qa> tatlonaaro:- Bacon-Tarey's, lid.; Sinclair's, lljrl, t> lljd. ; Compton's, lOJd. to lid. Hams-Varey's, 1211. ; Sinclair's, 12Jd. ; Oumborland, lOJd. to lid. ; Wo,;, pbalia, 7¿d. to 8d. per lb. Cheese-Double Olouooi ter, Is. to la. Id. ; Wiltshire, lOJd. to lid. ; Obeahlra, Is. to lu. 2d. ; Gouda, 7d. to 8d. per lb. Pork-Irisa mesa, £4 6s. to £1 10s. per barrel; beef, £1 per tierce. Salt Is heavy in stock, and dull of silo. Thero hal, however, boon a slightly improved demand, and «alai are reported at £310s per ton for Liverpool coarse. Slates continue ia moderate inquiry ; the last ait» reported of countes», blue Bangor, was at £12 par 1,000. Spirits.-There bas been a gradual improvement (or all descriptions. Several holders of brandy have wl in- drawn from the market, and orders for tho neighbo ir lng colonies havo strengthened prices. Farther i n provomont Is looked for, but all depends upon the amount of oomlng supplies. A small lot of Mutait'« dark in quartor oisks hal, It Is reported, been placid, at lis. Od. por gallon, but although held for this figure, the quotation is not generally being pall. Geneva la la good demand, anti, notwithstanding to, i heavy supplies on the way, keeps up in price. By auction JUKZ has within the last few days been pin j 1 at from 12s. (Id. to 12s. Od. por case, and prlva'.ely ODO alderablo sales bave boen made at from 12a. to 12s 81. Bom Is largely ovorstockod, and in very limitad in- quiry. Whiskey has been in good d emand and readily pnrebaBed forshlpment, without, however, being musí influenced lu price. Old tom Ia in bettor inquiry, bat without alteration in value. Quotations ar* -(la bond.)--Brandy, Martell's dark, 11s. per galba; HennoHsy's do., 10«. Od. to 10s, Od. per gallea; palo, 11s. 6d. ; Otard's, 9s. Od. do. ; United Vine- yard Proprietor's do., 9s. 8d.: Champagne Tine yard Proprietors' Company's do., palo, 11s. do. ; Vinegrowcrs', 10s. do.; other brands do., 5i. . to 8s. do. ; pale, Kartell's, Ila. Od. do, ; do., do.» or Hennesiy's, 80s. per dozen ease; do., u. V. rropriutors", 20s. do. ; Vlnefrowers', 24s. do. i , Champagne Tlnoyard Proprietors' Company's, 281. do. ; Olouzeau's, 80s. do, Geneva-JDKZ or ker brand, ISs. per four-gallon case; do., do,, 7s. 6_ per half-caaej do., other brands, lOi. to l8«, per case. Gin-London old tom, best brands, 2*. 61. er gallon; do., do., 18s. Od. per dosen. Bom-« ist India, 20 to 80 o.p" la. 6d, to 2a. Jd. per gallon I West Indis 10 to 12 o.p., 8s. do. ; do., 20 to Si , o.p., 8s. Sd. do. Whiskey-Irish, Mehan'«, 4s. 91. do. ; Scotch, best, 4s, ed. do. ; da, best brands, 12l. per dozen case. Timber.-Stocks in the yards aro considerably re- duced, but the trade still show reluctance to bar ' In tho present unsettled state of country bail i ness, and absouco of orders. Quotations are at ! follows :-Oregon, £810s. to £S 10s. per 1.000 fast. 1 Cedar-Logs, 22s. to 26s. per 100 feet; boards, 1-lnot» I and upwards, 8}d. to 4d. per foot super. Lumber and < shelving, £1010s. to £12 10a, per 1,000 feet. Deals ! -Bed, 9x8, 6Jd. to 6d. per foot ; 11 x 8, 7Jd. to 8d. < do. Scotch prepared flooring, 0 x 11, 13d. par ; foot ; 6 x j, l(d. uo. ; 0 x J. ljd. do. ; 6 x i, 1J1. do. Pitch or hard nine, 1-Inch, £16 per 1,000 feet ; ! attach, £16 do. Clear pine, 1-Incb, £19 to £20 par ¡ 1,000 feet, ïotracco is in Improved inquiry, and without th> I preapect of any amount of supplies coming to hand, 1 the trade are compelled to secede to holden' prlosi. I Quatatiensareu follows r-íTwisU-Barrarte anchor bald for 8s. ; good ordinary and ouatlde brands, _. 8d. to 2a. 6d. ; Inferior, £s. ; half-pound lumps, li. S J. to ". ; do., light, 8a. to Sa. Od.; 10'a, Is. ad. to I«. Bd per lb., In bond. Wlnci-Ports and sherries of fair medium qaalitlai hive been In tolerably good demand, but at unimproved prieta. - Fur light wines Inquiry ' hat bean vorr «ivutiato, vh» uoMlted wcatb.tr checking doona!. Quotation» ara :~Pori, JMO «« £7fi ptr pips. Hi to I Co. per donen; thorry, £3d to £70 ; imontlllad J . do, £100 to £110 per hutt, 16s. to 36«. por doten ; i ohampagne, 20s. to 85s.; claret, 16s. to 8)«. par doron.. _ MELBOURNE MARKETS. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21. THE MILLS. Shire has boen a bilsk trade d'.maxd for flour to- wards tho close of the wock, which hae Inducod a fur,her advanco of 10s. per ton- QuotMlous are: - Hiio flour, £18 per ton; brui, Is. 8J. per buBhel;.oit n cal, £26 per ton ; wheat, 6i to 6s. Od. per bushol. , HETAIL MABKr.T-. butchers' Meat,-Beef, 2d. to 5d. por lb. ; muttoa. Ed. io did. do.; veal, ed. to Od. do.»; pork, 8d.to 9J ' do. Poultry.-Turkeys, 10a. to 12«. rach; geoio, Mi. toles, per pair; dncka, 7«. to 0a. do.; fow'i, Oi. lo 8s. do.; rabbits, 6i. toOi per bre.ee; butter, fresh, la. to Is. 2d. per lb. ; eggs, ii to 2s, Od. oa* dozen ; milk, 8d. por quart ; breed. Gd. to 7d. th > i lib. loaf. HAT KAJ1EE1. j Hose». Butler and Mois furnish tho annexed ri port :-" Ibero has boon cn cvcnupply caoh dar throughout the weok, and «riîvalt troy lia expected -v ' Incrcaao until tbo now y duo necosaltato many to conn fur«ard who otborwUi would hold for a mole favouraul» 'if-nortunily. Lilt , weok B ratos havo beon barely tup, u ted, and may b3 quoted as :-Best hay, £5 10s. to .C6 Be. ; interior aid iccoiid, £4 to £5 ; straw, £3 to £2 10s." I Mr. Jamos Fenton reports as follows :-" Ihe supply is far In excess of tho denian j, aud prices are decido Jly going down, ovon for flrat-claas QnotalloDs :-No v t tiussed, £4 to £66s ; bundled, £3 16s. ti £i 10a. ; old bay unsaleable ; straw, £2." j EASTERN MARKET. . I Thero wero moro carts at tho tnarl.ct this morning; than there have boon any timo nineo lart Christina!. I 1 bo sheds wero thronged from an early hour with both j dealers and prlvato buyer«. Vegetab.« generally «old well Peas wero rather scarce, and wira soon piokod ¡ up Rt good prices; cabbages, cm rom, and French ' beana realised about last week's rates ; pótateos mot > with rathrr a dull salo, very fair samples so ling at.fio ¡ close of the markot at our lowret quotatloni. Fruit, c1 which thero waa only a mod«r»to rupply, told well. I Eorte llireo or four gardenera exhibittd apricot» for ¡ tho ilrpt Ilma til« season, 4B a d'¡ton vi ero mado of tho ! best, bu¡ nono were thoroughly ripe ; ebonies aud j strawberries aro getting i caree, and consequently of ' moro va'uc ; plum« sold well at - our quotations. I Foul ry was rumor in excès« of tho demand. I Ve would take this opportunity of cautionlnr 1 unsuspecting buyers ai io tho ccg* thoy par- I ebano. Wo saw three or four cito» of flnj i largo splondld- looking eggs, which attraoteJ ! our attention ; not knowing what to nmko of them, wa inquired what they were, und tho owner, In a conn- j v cutial manner, informed ua tbey wero rnutton-blrdi' regs ; ho unfortunately had booghi thom of a man a", a low prluu for duck eggs, bot ("und out afterward i iluy wero brought up from Flat Ia and. Wo bellevo thoy . are tcmotlmoa eatcn.but aro decidedly of a fishy flavour. ! Vegetables - Artichokes, Is. 0J. to 2i.' per dozen ; f itpwagus, 1«. to Sa. per hundred ; beans (broad), l_i 1'cr lb. ; do., kidney, ïjd. to Sd. per lb ; beot, Is. e> la. od. per dozen; bouquet«, Is. tolBi. por dozon ¡oa'i beg», Is, to 5a. por dozen ; carrol», fcd. io Is. per dozoa bunches; cauliflower«, 2< to 4s. per dozen; oreai, water. Is. to Is Od. per donen bjudíos; cucumbers, prie!-1 j-, 8s, per dozon; cucu-ubers, loni; splno.Sa. to 8i. per brace ; garlic, Od. per lb. ; herto- radlsb,' li- to B«. per bundle ; loltuce, 6d to la, 0d. per dozen; u arjonun, 81. per dozen bunolias ; mint, 8J. to li, per doun bunches; onions (dried), 143 to 18a per cwt. ; do. (arcén) Is. to le. 8d. per dozen bunches ; parsley, 1 a. 8d. to 2«. por docon bunches ; parsnips, 1B. to Is. 61. perdoaon bunches; peas, 2Jd. to 3Jd. per lb.; pota- toes, young, 5a. to 7s Od per owt. ; radish, Gd. t> Ed per dozen bunches ; rhubarb, Is. to in. per dozoa I unches ; sage, 8d. to Is por dozen bunches ; thyme, I fd. lu 8d. per dozen bunches ; turnips, 1B. to 2s. por dozeu bunches ; rcgotablo marrow.', 2s. to Is. n ic clczon ; bl j ck Spanien, radish, la.Od per dozen Inindia«. Fruits- Almords, 8d. to 6d. per lb.; apphs, dess ire, lid. to Is per lb. ; ctilina'y, 2d. to Oi. per lb. ; apri "cot«, 0.1. to la por dozsn; oherrles, 6d. lo Is, 8d. pa- ll). ; currants (red), Oil. per lb. ; gooseberries, 8d. to f.d. per quart; mulberries, 2s. per lb. ; plums, 7d. ti lid per ib.; raspberries, lOd to Is. per lb.; strav 1'errloa, la. 6J. to 2s. 61. per lb. Dairy Produce, Lutter, lid. to Is. per lb. ; ducks, 5s, to 6s, Od. per I air ; egga, Is. lOd, to 2s. Od. par dozon ; goose, IOJ. to 19s per pair; hens, 8a. to OJ. por pair; houoy, 81. per lb, ; pigeons, 2a. per pair ; rabbit«, 3'. to 6s. po; fair ; sacking pigs, 8«. to 10s. oaca ; turkoys, 10«. t) JCs. per pair. WOOL, TALLOW. HIDES, ico Messrs. R. Goldsbrongh and Oo. ropoit : - " Wool. filnco our last summary, per Benares, there has boj i an active demand for wools In averago to superior condition, moro especially the latter; and pilcal tliroaf(boiit the month havo boen tolombly well am* falucd, with tho exception of tho past fow days, whet huyas, in the face or unfavoorable advlcoa from the herne market, havo not beon Inclined to give late rats i. Our r.'marka per list mall about tho charaoter of this yeal'- clip havo not beeo borne nut by the wooli which have como to hand since, % largo proportion I eiLg badly washed and in Inferior condltloa ; ou the whole, howorer, we thlok it will b3 found equal to last seaton. The groat domaud baa been for BU por lor flocks; and whenever choljj lots hare been offered, high pilcos havo beau obtained, whilst inferior descriptions havo boen dif- ficult to place evon at comparatively low ratsa. Tha loss of tho Empress of the Sea by Uro, when she hal a full cargo of nearly 8,000 bale« on board, has given «n ImpetUB to busineas, many buyers being anxious t? icplace their shipments destroyed on board that vol »el, This was very evident at the two auction saloi held this wetk, ono of which paoaed off without animation, buyir« being apparently carolo« about purchasing, whilst next day, after tho nowi of tbo Ore had si rived, a brisk demand appeared to arlre, and the bulk o! the lots oflVrrd woio sold at fair price«. Wo bellevo that noarly tho whola of th3 'wool ihlppcd by this vessel «ill bo lost, tho small quantity which wai not burnt having drifted out to tea. île following ahlpa have cleared from ttlcbourns tnd Geelong during the month with wool on board ! lieccmbor 2, Netherby, from doolong fur Loudon, 2,726 bales; 6th, Qnoonof Ñatlona,IfromMelbourne, for l»«on,0.ílüdo.| 6th, Br.nHrampton. do, I,123dO. : 311b, Marion Moore, do., 2068do. ; Hld, Kmpross of troSea, do. do., 2,827do ; l61», Result, do do , 8,001 do. Total, 16,178 Dales. Shipments Oct. 25 ter Nov. 26, 10,476 bales. Totti October 25 to date, 34,053 bales, l'ricca current :-Suporlor fleece, la lOd to 2s Id. ; middling to gocd, Is 7d to Is. 9J. ; irft-rior to ordi- nary, 1B. 3d. to la. Od. ; inferior ti ordinary greasy, Id. to OJd. ; good to superior da , lud to M JJ ; BUpe 11er scoured (hot water) 2» to 2s. 2d ; du (cold water), le. Ed. to Is. lOd ; culinary scoured, Is 4 Hints.-We havo no1 hears of auy sales ot large lots, i early rll tira-, come forward being shipped to tha licite market on owners' account. Wot salted hearloi »re quoted at Ila. to 13a. 3d each The Marion Moore Las «.cared with a oargo of about 8.C03 huies. Tallo ¡v. -Our remarks willi reference to hides apply to tallow also, nearly a'l tho lots bolng ihlpped to fcngland on molle»' account. Cloaranica at tbo Customs have hoon ¡-Netherby, 07 casks ; Empress of tho Sot, 65J ranks; Result, 838 cjKka; total, 085casks. Qiota tlonsare:-Beef, £80 to £31 per ton; mixed, £30 to £84 per ton ; mutton, £33« to £37. Large shipping Tareela are worth a little ovor those ratea." Messrs. J. B. Clough and On. furnish the sub- joined report :-" Wool-Since our icpcrt on the 25th tilt,, per benares, over 18,000 bales of wool have been catalogued fcr public compétition, of ubico, a largs pioportlon pistcd the hammer. Tha mall frnm Eu< ian!, which arrived per Northam on the H'liuut, brought rather unfavourable report« of tin con- tinuance of political difficulties on the continent aad In America ; and advices to buycra here rec immonde 1 caution in operating in this market. Our remarks ieipocting greasy woola In our last report wo oin tgam confirm. From the unsatisfactory roeu't of alilp n cota of tbia clotcrlptton last saasoii, little loreign, competition ha« been experienced, aud nearly the whole has been purchased for scouring hera. The competition among the wool washers han husu brist ; prices realized much higher in rotative pmaortim than fleece wool«, which may bo accounted f.r fro greasy wools centrally being iu much lighter con- dition, caused by tho unUBually heavy ralas of tho past wiuter season washing out moro of the yolk tban usual. Inferior aad ill c ndltlonoi flctco wools continue to be boivy of nioi whlia superior ulipa go olf very buoyant y at prie s satisfactory to grower', a considerable Diunber of very good clips having boen sold by us at our Bal*s,£¡: LriceB ruling f re m 2ld, to 2« Id per lo. Tha Coal) rand, in kcoured lambs has again boon pi.ead at the top ol the market, BB we obtained 2a 0¿i per iii, for a pai eel last woek The following ships hava claaroi tlnce our last:-November 25. LUjhtiiirii, v.-th 2)1 balts on board (extra clearance) ; December ._'. Neth trbj, 2.726balosdo ;Sacembei4 Eou'hatnptoii, 1,801 baleKdo. ; December 6. Quoon of NVIM.B, 2,61 j bales do. ; Decomber ] 4 Empresa of tho Sea, 2 711 i*>I*a di. (since totally burnt at Port Phillp Head*) ; Docnvbar 14\. Marion Mooro, 2,950 bj lea do.; Uecoti-irr l8. Bl ault, 8,008 bales do. ; add previous ship» ltt,r>{>7 ; to a! 88,791 tbia season to dato. Several oih r < vessel] are nearly finished loading, and will probibly bo away early in January. The clip, therifire, v.Pi bo aw»y fully earlier this than on previous season», the CVJ'.II Has for shearing, cartage down the cour.try, ,';c, im- proving every year. ïho Customs clearance» havj boen from November 16 to December It. 4 190,2101b, value £331,669 ; add previous shipment« from OHibsr 10 to Novrmbor 16,1,933,6861b., value £1 i'l.<73\. ros ii this season, 0,323,8461b., valuo£48l,8H T.ll.r».-Tim adv cea reeoived boro by last mail reporting an advance in the London market baa hod tha oJoot of lncte&tlng; prices hero. Good beef and m'xed tallow ia now wortb £35 lo £33, and mutton £10 to £42 per ton. The rlilpmenta lineo our lut have boon :-Par Empress of tho Sea, 630 casks ; por Rn-irlt, :-88 cas'tt.', Bides -Tho whole of the bides now olroiing ara thliiped on curera' account. Country hldos ara realizing 8s to 11s, oaoh. Hides In abipptug order are wortb 14a. Tho following shipment haï basa mido tinco our last, per Harton Moore, 7,975 hldai and 090 calf ektns."_>__ , LIT- BtOOK. ! Mettra palmahoy Campbell and CO.* report : -" Fat Cattle-Tim week's supply amounted to 1,773 hoad ; a largo portion being of middling quality and soma very Interior, for such the demand was vcrj dull, and Íirlcea ruled quite a« low aslast woek. Tho best q.util,ty ote wero more cathy dlipoted of, although the ratea ob* talned per 1001b. wore not higher than hut weok ; best quality bul'ocks brought from £1 to £5, ditto cows, from £3 to £8 10» ; middling quality bullocks, from £2 10s. to £Ss 5i. ; ditto cows, from £116', to £2 2«. ; somo very roue.li quality bullocks wera sold at au average of «boat £1 Is. We have sold tho remainder ot Mr. Douall M'Kao's draft of mixed quality, from the Darling Blver, tho bullocks from £L 17«. 01 ti £6 ; Cows from £1 10«. to £3 2s Od. Fat Sheop.-the total supply amounted to 8,600. An averago amount of business hat been done at about Wto rates ; wholesale buyers assisted In clearing off the «arpia«. We quote beat quality vvolber» Ils. to 12a. Od. ; seoond quality ditto, at from 9«. to 11s. ; Inforlor, from 7s. Cd. to 8i ; lecond quality ditto, from 6>. to 6i. Od. Wo havo tali 600 of Mesara. Wragge's «horn wethari at from 9s. to 10« ; also. 1,700 of Mr. Thom» A Chave'a ditto, in the wool, at from lia. to 15« Fat Calves.-218 bead supplied ; good quality iu demand at former rato«, »ay from 80s to IDs. ; inferior, dull of talo, at frum 16s. to 26a, Lambe.-A vor» Utft supply, amounting to 1,261, came forward. The di mand continues good, and prion wero sustained ter all qualities ; the be.t offlarod In the wool brought 12«. ; bait «horn, from 9«. to 10«. Od. ; other quail tie«, from 6«. upwards. Breeding Ewes -We hare iild 2,000 of Mr. KLUa'a malden ewe« at 12s., dellvorod at Mount Gambler, terina, tine mooth«." POBÜK MABKCT. lb. Jimei Hcadeiaou give« thiauldolnadreport;-. "Ihomaikci bas Leon vciy dull, in tun tuuiLcocf tho heavy lots tht own Into tho janis late);, fur n hlch the demand (being vory lnferl"r descripllcus) wa» vcrv Black. Beal)} gocd hoisec, lultablo forvoneral work are In as great request as ever, nt rornumnative tates' lhere being a brhk export to l\ow Zeatat d, ¡.ii) tnlni like useful cart and light hamels stock command ¡u no- tion at p&j;&blo; prices. An active Inquiry foi cari late and boggy palrB, of which a scariity exists Heavy draught steck dull; medium in fair lrqulry. Hack, and light horres« hones in limited rcqteit We bavo moved, during the past week, a consld'rjblonumbir of hacBB, Hpht harnees hones, and criiige sud bussy lah«, at miiefactory rate«; also an iuipoitallon of Java ponies, at midollng rate»." LABOUR MARKET There hiB boen a fair Inqulrj for cost description of labour, moro particularly for female thorough ser- vants, who, J ust at present, are ni I readily to ha met with; numbers of young women unaccustomed to household work aro unemployed, but for this cla ~~inquiry is light Marrlod coup'o« aro in rcquett, the demand quite keeping paco with tho Buppy. _oa. cooks, walters, coachman, -a, aro, as u«unl about Christmas timo, In euro inquiry. Engogcti.e-ti with fanning men have bren more freely nudo, but Ilia rates offering for nil deicrlptions of upecuutrr labour, except for Landed couples, aio declin- ing, and unwillingly accepted in town t_B following aro about the currone rilts variations beinir made to meet particular caseB!-Mmrled coupes «Ita families, £66 to £00 nor annum; viihou' ehlldrao £60"to £65 do. ; gardener«, £40 to £60 di. ; (.rooms! Its. to 20«. por wook ; shepherd?, £30 pet \ car ; hot keopers,£20 to £25do ; genera! ia.roiEcnantii.lu'i to £0s. per week; ploughmen, 18s to 20s. du ; ecu sr. Is. Od. per aero ; haymskors, 15«, io 17s Oil per ned« bullock-drivers on road, 20«. do.; io on farrnt, und j;\ ttons, 15«. to 17s. 6d, do.; men cooks, for farim and n;> tions, 20s. to 25s. do.; cooks, for hotel», from £110s. u £2 do. ; fonudo cooks, from £36 to £50 per j ear; general sorvanto, £26 to -80 do ; nursemaids, _u to £26 do. ¡ laundressos, £S0 to £3D do ; housemaid! JC26 to £80do.; parlourmaids, £26 to £B0 do ; carpn' tors, 8«. to 10s r-daj> ; masons, brlcUij on., "hot >n (¡hi 8s. to 10s. do. ; plck-and-ehovel men, 0s to u di; carters and store labourers, 36s to 40« awoik; tuarrymen, 8s. to 9s. per day; funceri, 2s 3d ti B. Cd. a rod ; splitting posts and rails, 20s. lo 80s. n" 100. SKAilEIi'S WAG-ti. Thero I«, as jet, no chango In tho rato of »vi»«, Which continues nominally nt £4 fer mouth tor all voyages. Mon arc, however, viry i caico, und ihipt requiring manyLhands havo troub c m making up their number. OABT«a_. Direct loading for the dlg^mr* continuos wrv scarce, and ratea are without mu r eton. Bevot&l; i ,u have beon taken to go per 11 l»ij, nt pnci« vlilc1! would havo left a loss if edit u, horse leam», 'tin following aro about tho cm roi', rall s : - Bulb«* Teams.-Albury, £7 10s ; Btcchwoilh, £i 5i ; Buckland, £8 10s. ; Echuca, £J ; Indigo, £0 6« ; Jim Crow, £3 17B. Bd. Hors^'jiams -Albury, £11 ; Avoca, £5; Beechworth, ¿9; Bendigo, ¿4 6t. ; Buckland, £12 ; CaatUmaii e, £3 10s ; Dentil ouln, £8; Dunolly, £1 10s ; Daisy II II, £4 io«.; Echues, £0 10'.; Frjer's Creek "8 10d. ; Von», Creek, £8 6B ; Irdlgo, £0 ; Irglev-ood, £5 10a ; Jl_ Crow, £5 ; Marj borouiih, £4 6s ; M'lvor, £5 ; lluih wortb, £0 ; Tarrengower, £116a ; l'xrradalo, £8 da. ; Wangaratta, £8 5s. ; Yackandandah, £11, , IMPORTS At the Port of Melbourne from the lGih No- vember to 14th December, 18ul, compared with the corresponding period of I860. Agricultural im plcmeiitB Alkali-Soda, tonfi Apparel and Blops Ammunition Fuse, caps, &e;, Powder.. Shot, tons Arms Guns and pistols Arrowroot, lb. Begs and sacks Turk,tons Beer Bottled.. Draught Biscuit, tais Blankets aiidwool lens .. Books Boots and shoes. Bran, bushols . Bricks Bath .. Building,»). . Erubhwaro Building materials Butter, tons Candles, tons Candlovvlck Canvas Carpeting Carriages, carts, _c. Cheese, tons Chicory ,. Chinaware Cidor Coals', tons Cocoa and choco lato, lb. CoiTco Coir fibre, tons . Coko and fuel, tone Confectionery Copper, tons Copper oro, tons Copporwaro Cordago, tons Quantities. 2,682 072 19,267 673 8,810 147 1,710 168 2,105 10 20,so; 11,860 6,300 6,597 11,786 10 1,047 1.400 6,043 80,077 126 2,870 1,050 1,037 *727 4,702 040 1,814 10D 7,801 246 2,71« 45 1,842 1, 259 7,501 022 2,641 1800. £ 11,305 1.44Í 26,666 010 d,8_B 14,2 4 8,893 161 6,610 8,571 1Ï.4V3 4,776 10 140 2, 1.B11 17.S76 13,067 4Î4 8,840 01 1.24Í 2,600 1,820 1,US Gil 21,1.1 207 260 «8 l,60f l.UCffl 18,000 i,r" 7»! 1601, | I860. 1U 7,120 1,704 "" 1 850 SO 073 16,000 ~70 13« Corks" Cottons .. Cotton urpjttil Cutlery .. Drapory .. Drugs Druggists'Vr aro Earthenware Tggs Fancy goods Telt (i, .. Fish Preserved Salted, tons Hour, do... Fruit Bottled Dried, tons ' Green, buslicla| rurnlturo and up holatery Furs .. Class Bottles - Pluto .. Window Glaravvaro Glue Grain Barley, hUBhr.1" Beana and peas,! do. .. Maize, bUEhds. Mall, do. O ita, do. Blue, tons . Wheat, bualiels| Úndtfcilbsd Grindery .. Grindstones HabudoBbery Bair, tons.. Hordwaro aiidj ironmongery Hats and caps Hay, tous.. Hides, No.. Hollow are Honey, lb.. Hops, do... Hosiery .. Indiarubber goods Instruments Musical.. Scientific Iron, tons Jewellery.. Load, tons Leather, cwt. leathorwore Linen Idvo stock Horses, No. Poultry.. Bheop, No, Birds .. Deer, No. Machinery Marble .. Matches and vcstaE I Mats and rug» Meal Oat, tons Metal Yellow, tons Millinery .. 1,120 8,000 co! i,eiz 84,704, 7,120 646 4,610 6781 7,087 160 E.413I 840 7,760 3,143 0,216¡ 1,630 8,8W 750| 2,600 12,360 16,690 18,678 16,211 1,160 1,871, 16,048 6,118 98 13 446 ~80 1,210 406 2,687 814 11,473 6,280 675 880 2,003 1,600 00 17,04î| 4,840 771 1,650; 6,867 125 10 822; * 1,4 16,377 £66 TO« 87,387 12,030' 4821 2,020 9"~ 2,8! 3,392 3,151 81,054 7,0301 0,065| 7,160| 12,283 14,534 26,883 P,S8G| 47,442 83 1,043 14 1,C30| 22,áC0! 1,871 4,041 V" td0| 3,816 431 11,876 6,0Gb 1,518| 3,050 10 2.10S 16 18,028 180 2,814 2,844 8,404| 70 10,620] l,88e 4,001) 23,620 70,803 8S0 62,320 8,783 12,097| 873 ~2i 88 187 600¡ OU- L , Cocoanut, gal.. Colza, do. Kerosene, do... Linseed, do. .. Olive, do. ... tjndescribod,do. Oilcloth .. Oilmen's storoa Onions, tons Opium .. ... Paintings and on-l gravlnga Paints, &c..; Paperhanging8 . Perfumery Photographio goods .. Pipes-Tobacco . pitch, tar, &o.; . Plants and seeds... Plate and plated ware . Plumbers' waro .. Potatoes, tons Preserves.. ... Printing matoriala| Provisions Preserved Salted, tons Quicksilver ... Ballway materials! Bosta .. Saddlery .. Sago, lb. ESt. tams.. Bfaipchandlery Silks \- 10 887 1,881 618 794 1,864 106 11,721 171 OOll sol 8,400 1,668 611 ' 587 241 118 1,087 71 886, 1,406 2,402 8,241 2,800 16,868 414 8,014 1,001, 4,846 86 6,02a 100 8,480 5,218 2,707 2,066 6,401 450 27 4C0 6,289 12,014 61 1,282 1,866 1,8" 8201 170 180 061 120 971 11,099 8,006 82,026 608 4,618 -I 80 112,6801 8,649 1,078! 616 - 1 2,886 - filins .. «'ruta, No. j)o alaba (iDip.tona.. í i. i'e -. . fr,,, niton" of Na . na! Hmtoiy . ti h.« . I| rta I andy.. ( Hi-dials (lui <lfwlno.. I'uíumcá Lum1 .. ."hiskev Undeunhed .. Fp'ngo .. .. fcirahattilbluo .. ¡j-'tioncry Fiu 1, tons St ne-' " luiMing, tons.. U.mg.. » Mill £t ni.« .ye tu^ar ?j r I em, iona " ¡rioat, lb. In 1 IflbT-s Ooah, No. Jiatlii-tDUtdlas.. Paling«, I--0. Lo.ni ami I'Ucs, rio.- . Posts and raiis, do. . Saivi^Ir-ot iilrlnglfs, Ko... viiccolhncous . In. 1 invaro .. 1 huco .. Ugiis . JubaceonWa wari '1 nlr i ii iitcnBils Ina ima turner; lui pollilia and ui'niirh., gals. . Taino and thread, tons ', incgar, gals. -. Vatclioj-nidolocks V.liltirg, tons t idturtiaro Wine , rr vtooilenwaio «ool, lb... /mc, tons.. Mi-collaueoaa 67 1,600 02,000 00! 19,410 ' 400 ll.G'O 4,010 2,013 73 24J 9'2| 13,514 803| 109 73,0u0 7a! 42,751 0,370 E27 5 015 8,160 17 26' S.lOt 2,18 20,108 3,850| 1,780 21 1.104 86,000 15,871 6 6,408 610 1.180 1,171 J,CS' 103,451 705 705 1,886| 3,201 10,203 23 926 4 821 200 7,dl6 177 825 2,191 1,591 iii ysjj 12 0Ï2 .',01 li,8¿3 80: 3,7d'l Quantitieet, I860, 121,000 147,05) 41 20 1181 765! 05,700 7,10(i 1,033,1)08 10,00o1 1,867 2 15,175 61 2 07t 2,831 8JJ,60J 1,261 1,863,5« Ox.OJJ' 3,35» 19,657 ""öS Agricultural im plomonts A i iii-Soda, tons App-trcl and slope inns and ammu nltio.i .. -. Arro« root, lb. . B igs mid mttkB .. Earl!, tins Er.tr Bottled, gala. .. Vrau"'it, do. .. ri'cuit, tons I luck band, do. .. Llnnkttsandwool i is .. p.,»«,, t no Looks .. Juuols and i,hoos .. bran, biisho'« .. linihhwaro Buildings material* Butter, tons -j C lillies, Jo. tunta* .. Carriages, carts, r'.C. C'+s, empty Cement .. _ .. Ctctso, tons Cli r-ory .. Clnoawaro Coils, tons C uia and choco htc.lb... Cuiko .. cnir fibre . Confectionery tojpcr, tuna Cti,)pr-roro, do. Cotrpcrnare Co date, tons Corlis Cottons .. Cu i ry .. Dnperj .. I ni"'H la thenw tro lancj gonda let lish fait el, tons l're-erv od ïimir, tons Print Dried, tons tireen, bUBhele. Fir.-cituro Uhss «otiles .. Plato .. furaovv Oh stvaru u'ii, ounces Ora n tv heat, bushels lie aus and poao, do .. t-irlt, do Oils, d.i. Itlcc, tons Gi Hideo .. Ou ino, tons II ilnnUsliery .. H-i II n du .are and ironmongery Hats and caps , Hay, tons.. Huies, No. liollünare Il0|W, lb. .. llon.s and boots liusiery .. Hi 1.103 lro,loiis.. 3i.oh-u>ibor goods Ihitrinnonts - .lu-dul.. bl lUltlflC lnmar dsteol.tons JuvLllrry.. Lrad, tons 11 r rl ore, do. I mthor, do. L-rtthcrwriro 1 ni.', bushels Lit a i took W.llo, No. Urines, do. Mi tp, do. ila hinery Milrina und vestas lists and rugs . Mr.il- Oat, tons. Ka 1 jcllow Mnliin-r} .. llliwllaiieous .. MoUssoa .. li iptlin and cam i hine, gala. lln,. aud screws, 1 113 .. Î uta Oils, gala. Oilmen's stores .. Opium I'lllltS ., l'Miitings and on (..munga Tupi rhanglngs .. l'tilniinry 1 botoiraphio pi da .. I'.tch and tar Fipci-Tobacco ., PMI.I ind aeoda. Plato ind plated warr .. lrewneg ,. Pniriing materials I'rot muna Pri -rerved Mlted, tons liti'tk river hv«, lons hail «ay materials llc-tn .'. Hjddltry .. Big», lb. Salt, tous.. Hip-ihandlery .. bilk. bidna fclhtre, No. Bi ip, tons fcpccie-Gold Bper-imonaofNatu ral Hlatory Slices ., Spirits- - Brandy, gala, .. Cordials, do. . Oin, do. l'erlumcd Hum, trais. Whiskey, do. .. Undoscribed, do Starch and blue .. Stationery ¡ time ware Sugar Tallow, tons Te» .. '.. lents and tar _ paulina Timber .. Tin. Tins-are ,. Tobacco .. Cigars .. Snirir .. Tool« and utensil« Joys and turnery Turpentine and varnish, gals. .. Ta lue and thread, "toss ., vinegar, gala . . JJ'aVches & clocks J ino. gals, »ocdenware wool, lb.,. Zinc,tons.. 1,162 876 2, m\ «49 287 1,076 S,M7 742 171 065 8,040 132 3 1,176 OJ 300 3,001 140 1,439 2,012 S,3M 1,767 7« 28,211) 2,187 707 2, li 27 1,037 1,042 489,725 1,701 41 1,725 4,8i0 80 8,949 672 917 3,004 170 657 231 215 3.800 1163 101 10 250 0,782 2,5S0 1,534 360 2C0 45 2,710 7,356 615 25 0,0C4| 4,3101 320, 3> 1,040 1,078 4,1 82f 312,804 14,698 04 8.276 46 1,7.2 8,019 280 128 .1,642 90 8,759 6,700 11,706 15 8¿40 16 793 6,29! 2,189 ~m 17 ne 67 88 781 6,811 427 881,609 fl"4 8,016 1.10J 1,200 8,350 7,000 HflO 108 75 107 3,0101 23 454,414 ISO 100 1,250 1,030 6 150 13,485 "l8 ~33 97 ._ 145 2,025 60 8,384 566 ISO 1,053 1,832 1,172 ~0) 61,386 f 60 812 12« 4,776 8,233 18,861 8 1,794 ""61 4,718 814 1(8 i.oeo 48 295,758 \jm, 287 186). , 1881, 80 ""li 8,040 - 3,629 854 10,250' 803 15' - 60 13,024 l18 l8 7,600 122,566 78 8,746 218 126 4,614 22,201 S73 9,302 39,101 1,451 118,798 433 161 8,289 15,399 13J623 2,025 23 "l33 6,231 17 3,473 ¿891 1,831 6) 8,921 i druin f " SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. "" POBT Or MELBOURNE. AWUVALS AND CI.KAH »SCFS SINCR OUR, LAST SUHHARV. JB., British; A., Anioilean; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch , F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese ; II., Hamburg ; N., Norwegian ; 8., Swedish ; Sp., Bpvidsh ; Sd.. Sardinian ; Bolg., Belgian ; Br , Bromen ; Pr., Prussian ; s, ship ; b., barque; b-., brig ; so., schooner; st., steamer.] ZfCV. AllllIVED. Í7. John Tiaicf, B s., OL-6, Herbert, Car«!IfT.-Bright Brother s aid Co S7 Siclllo, I>. b., 240, ¡Leho!, Batavia.-Prout, Kohler, and Co. Í7. Teiktbiro, B. s.1067, Beynoll, Lone on.-w. P. White and Co. 17\. Southern Crosi, B s, 576, Brown, Calcutta - M'Cullocli and Co. £7. Fmllio, D, b, 116, Biuyntel, Rotterdam.-Joshua Brothors. Sec 2\. DnlBbur,r, P. a, 1,071, Linsburg, Liverpool.-Lori- mer and ro, ?. Latona, B. B, 608, Sedgwick, Otago.-Bonty and Co. ?. Willey, Br s., 881, Sandscdt, Puget Sound.-Dlok ion, Ti Miara«, and Co. 2\. Danube, S b., 208, Nollson, Manritlus -Melchior and Co 8\. Abbot L.wranco, A. B , 1,608, Paterson, San Fran- cisco.-Redfern and Co 8\. lew Chow, B. B., 864, Sinclair, Leith.-Hillor Brother' and Co. _ Broderode, D. b, 665, Kruymol, Rotterdam. -Josko Brothors. 4 Iawrcnca, B b, 309, Salmon, Mauritius.-B. and P. Turnbull and Co. 6\. L. O -tureca, ". s , 1,287, Williams, Glargow. FIowc , M'Donald, and Co. £. Leopold, P. s, 608, Hollz, London - Joske Brother». S. Humboldt A. B ,600, Edward«, Boston.-Wilkin- son Brothers and Co. Í, Sea Breeze, A. b, 852, Jervey, Boston.-Osborn, Ccsliug, and Co, «.Mary I: Ray, B. b, 159, Green, Calcutta, Joshua Brothers. a Mary Beat, B. b., 688, M'Hardy, Landon.-Bright Bioihcrs and Co, S. Alms, J b, 618, Kronj, Otago.-J. B. Wore and Son. 8\. Chevy Chuso, 3. b, 341, Brodie, Mauritius,-B. and V. Turnbull S. Boehc-tcr, A s, 083, Fatten, Boderham.-B, F. Elcho! and Co 8\. Sea ISymph, B. b., 250, Carrie, Batavia.-Hay- ward and Oo. O. Oltboi a, B a , 760, Holme«, London -Captain. 9 Golden Hen, _. a, 1,114, Bice, london.-Hi chaeliii, Huyi, and Co. 8\. Comirodari) Po ry, B. s., 2,017, Williams, Livor poo).-uni lit Brothers and Co. 5 Donald *-l K«y, B s, 2,604, Price, Liverpool. Blight B"nhcrs and Co. S British'J lid a t, B s , 1,400, HaddccV, London - Balolah», UauglUn, and Co. IL Piinco el Wales, B. a , 1,244, Vallo, London.-W. P. Whim and Co 13\. Henri'li» S s, 786,Melun, London.-Michaela, Boyd, ai d Co, l8 Astriña, A s , 809, Simpson, Otago.-Captain. 11\. Northam, B. st, 1,800, Potts, Point do Galle. J. Sparkes. 11 Scan» n'a Bride, A s, 768, Wyman, Hong Kong. -Du Pius Brothors and Co Í0 Illili a. B u., Bell, Liverpool.-Lorimor, Marwood, and Co. SO, Ocean Ciller, B. B , 1,020, Brown, Otago.-Bright Brothers and Co. 50\. Vcriallli% A. s, 680, Shcrb-rno, Otago-Osborn, Cufhlng, and Co. 51\. True Brl'cn, B. s., 1,016, Bawn, London.-W. P. White lied Co 21\. Shavvii.ut, A, B , 800, Merrill, New York.-Towns and Ou SI, Laugh'ng Water, H. s, 881, Blcknlars, Hong Eonv. SI. Chalks, Bulg, s., 686, Lechero, London,-Clove Broiheio lud Co SI. Ocean Ii e o, B n., 696, Croswoll, Liverpool. Bliebt Brothers and ( n KOV. CLKAnLD OUT 36 Sooltish CM«', B s, 1 055, Donnetry, Liverpool. Douglu s Do Ll.tlo, and Co 28\. Ceres, it », 861, Cochrane, Otago.-Holmoi, Whit , aid Co SS Connie*' of to»field, B b., 182, Poundor, Quain. Clove Pio.lursand Oo. 50 Confeic KO, B b , 631, Newlands, Guam.-Blight i Brotho s and Co. I Dec. t Boulhataplon, B. B, 071, Tonkon, London.-W. P. White ai d Oo. i 6. Queen of Nations, B. s., 816, Mitchell, London. ¡ Dalgety and Co. B. Great ? usinante, B. !.. 2,168, Flynn, Calao. Bright 3rothors ard Ci. S. Java F b, l63, Foureade, Adelaide.-Josko Brutbci a Í. Mallli'.i, A s, ?80, Leo, Otago.-B, -owns anl Co i O, Cecropu, D. b., 878, Davidson, Nagasaki.-Frost, Kobi.;, and Cc. 10\. Waller Iori, A. a, 1,089, Wildoi, Amhoret. Holii i s, iVhlto, and Ox 10\. Fh&rrmond;, B b, 406, Phillips, Ouam -Dalgety and tv. 10\. John /. Vicar, B s , 015, Flannery, Newcastle Jotko ilroihi x8 11\. Orien'al, A. b, 009 Macey, Otago-Hayward and Co. 11\. Mouui-Mii TY i vr, A », 083, Hardy, Otago, Cabun, d.sbliijr, mil Co l8. Genii, ß. s, 975, i urray, Otago.-Dalgety and Co. 11\. Empros-ot the Sea B s, 1,049, Bragge, London. -Lorimor, Marwood, and Co. (Ocstroyed by Ure, Dec 19) li. Marlon ilojro, B. s , 3,087, Kennedy, LonJon -J. C. Mur,<h>. 11\. Holm VGaw, A. o , 035, Hunlcon, Otago -Lord and Co l8. Danu! e, S b, 203, Krilson, Otago -Helchlor and Co. 18\. BweepsULOS. A ». 1.«t M»811, Koppio D.jr. ja. Tun A4 and Co. ia Keru», B s, 1,405 Cow, London.-W. P Whito and Co l8 ïhom s, B s, 801, Rrgor«, Otago -Cleve Brothers and Cn 19\. Alero, rt h , 51 ', KroBs, Otago.-Adams and Co IS. Birch O rove, :Î b, B13, Bjron, Akyab -Kitzea Hein m A Co 20\. Hani »h ISooro, B s, 1,130, Murphy, Otago. Bright l'rothcrs and Co. 50\. lawrcic... B. b, 3*9, Salmon, Mauritius- E and P Tu.nbjlland !.o. Thomas Brosn, B b, 279, Brown, Guam-J. Porten 81\. Anna hi. toll, A s , 814, Marsh, Port iTaniBold, N.2 -I «na Mid <>. 51 Join B<j mt, A a , 842, Gardnor, Otago -Towns and C« 51\. Fkrmeo N¡slitii!"'al-", B b, 492, Board, Swan Elver- f'ociy and Co SI Roheit 1 «seii^r, B. b., 440, Francis, Otago. Douclvi« r.i)d C". _ SI So» J> -l ph, H. b , 250, Currie, Psdang- Hayward and Co SI. Mary .' nn Wilson, B s, 944, Smith, Otago. Mlohatl s, Buyi, M d Oo. SI. Douall, A s , 1/10 lleee1, Otago -W. B. Jones. 