VICTORIA. By tho Oscar we have Melbourne papers to tho 14th instant, from which wo subjoin the following extracts : — Victorian Rifle Association.— Distki- iutiojt of Phizes. — The Argus has the ollowiug : — ' The distribution of their veil- won guerdons to the prizetakcrs at he second meeting of tho Victorian Riflo Association took place on Saturday morning, it the Inhibition Building. The season fjr ;ala weather has long past, so that it could lordly be hoped that the weather would be ipproprialo to anything like a military display ; itill thing3 were done decently and in order. A guard of honour, composed of tho Melbourne Proper Company, headed by Captain Sturt, took up their position in front of tho building, while the Collingwood Company's band, attired in their now and tastefullyem broidered uniform, played a variety of bo Qtting music. Some 200 people awaited tho arrival of His Excellency tho Go vernor, and President of tho Asso ciation, outside the building, and about tho Bume number were sprinkled about tho benches on tho floor of tho interior and tho ridge of tho galleries. Some attempt had been made at display by affixing a few Hag*, whose colour it must bo said were of tho dingiest, to the organ ; but till the arrival of the viceregal party, at a little after noon, affairs had not assumed the most cheerful aspect. Luckily tho cheering with which our popular Governor and Mojor-Generul Pratt were received put matters in proper trim, and brought tho feelings of everyone to the proper pitch. Lady Burkly and Mrs. Pratt were seated immediately behind Sir Henry, and ranged near them wero a num ber of officers, both regulars and volunteers, and a few Iadie3. Among these were Colonel Pitt, and Captains Bancroft, Pitt, and Hall ; Captain Sir Francis Murphy, and Captain Irving, Secretary to the Association. The pro ceedings were opened by His Excellency, who called upon tie secretary to reaa tne report. Captain Irving read as follows : — 'In submitting to your Excellency the follow ing brief resume of the proceedings of the V.H.A., at the second meeting held at bauilrjfltjc, in the end of last week, the Committee again tind much cause for satisfaction in the work that has been done. 'It was originally intended that the meeting should have been held in April last, shortly after Easter, but the encampment on the Werriliee rendered it undesirable to carry out this purpose. 'The later date was then selected, ns%, was hoped that many of the volunteers from the country corns would be in Melbourne, for the review on the Queen's Birthday, and would be able to remain .as competitors. ' This consideration induced the Committee to select for the meeting a time of year which has proved in every respect most unseasonable both for spectators and for -competitors, and which has injured the average of our shooting its compared with that of the English summer iucetingj for it is impossible that men can display their skill in bleak, gusty weather, or jn driving rain, so thick as occasionally almost to hide the target at which they aim. 'The meeting has, however, been carried through, and, warned by past experience, we may learn a lesson which may stand us in good stead for another year ; for the llitle Association having now been accepted as an institution in Victoria, must remain, and will be able, we trust, to do Btill more in furtherance of its objects than it has yet accomplished. The value of the prizes ollered was in all £fi(J5. Of this amount the sum of 100 guineas was offered by an unknown donor to the Australian volunteer who should prove himself the best marksman ; £50 was the gift of Mr. J. P. Bear; £25 of Mr. Ambrose Kyte; and three rilles, of the value of .£50, were presented by Mr. Grice, the treasurer of the V.It.A. ' At the present season much less time in each day was available for shooting than at midsummer last; still a larger number of competitors have shot at this set of matches than at Hie preceding, the Committee having caused two additional ranges to be formed. 'After very great deliberation it was decided the volunteer mateljes should not, as at the pre vious meeting, be open to jiny one who might otfer himself, but that each corps should have the privilege of sending a number of representatives in proportion to its strength. With the exception of u few of the distant corps these nominations were eagerly taken up ; and not a few volunteers, ambitious of the honour from which they were excluded, blamed the Committee, for having adopted a course for which precedent existed, and which, indeed, seemed the only one open. 'With regard to the all-comers' matches, the same difficulty presented itself. More gentlemen were anxious to compete than could possibly shoot within the hours allotted to these matches. In this case, however, as there was no need to do justice to any corps, but every one was com peting on his own account, the solution of the diffi culty was easy. Saving the rights of members of the Association, and of volunteers who were coming from other colonies to compete for the ' Victorian Gold Cup,' the lot was employed to decide who should be admitted, it being at the same time pro vided that any Victorian volunteer who might be thus excluded, and' whoso score in the volunteer matches placed him among the best thirty, should also have the privilege of competing for the gold cup. . . ?* . The number of competitors in the volunteer matches amounting to 3U0, and in the all-comers' varying from 300 to 3(50, it is evident that the arrangements could only be carried out by an adhe rence to the strictest punctuality. ' For a breach of the regulations in this respect not a few competitors were disqualified, among the first of whom were, unfortunately, two oi bur visi tors from Adelaide. # 'On a comparison of the shooting at this meet ing with the scores of the last, it appears from the average that, at the shorter ranges— 200 and 300 yards— there is an improvement of about half a point in five shots, while, at the longer ranges— 500 and 000 yards— there is a slight falling off. due, no doubt, to the diminution of the target from the regulation size, six feet high by eight feet wide, to the Whribledon dimonsions of six feet suuare. 'As compared with the Wimbledon shooting of last year, our Victorian vbluhteera show in the average a slight superiority at 300 yards, and at 500 and (J00 yards an inferiority of about half a fopint in five rounds ; but, if we take the weather into consideration, the shooting of June, 1801, in Vic toria, may be pronounced as good, if not superior, to that of June, 1860, in England. 'Still we cannot but expect and hope that July, 1801, yill show a marked improvement in the use of the rifle on the part of the volunteers of the old country, and therefore our volunteers may have much yet to learn before they cari'rival them. 'The gold medal of the Association fell to Mr. Frost, or the Melbourne Proper liifles, who made the unusually good score of 11 points m 10 rounds at WX) yards; and, after a tie with the same gentle man and with Mr. Kaye, of the Praliran and South Yarra Rifles, tbe gold cup was won by Lieutenant Sutherland, who wears the medal of hU own company, the. South Australian Free Bines, for the score of eight points. ' while regretting that this splendid trophy should leave Victoria, no one can grudge the prize to Lieutenant Sutherland, who in other matches also highly distinguished himself; but it may be some comfort to our defeated volunteers to re member that higher scores were required to win both the gold and the silver medals of the Associa tion^ there being a tie for the latter at nine points between Sergeant Wilkuispn, of the Pentridge Kifles, who ultimately won it,' and Private Daviea, of the Williamstown Naval Brigade. ', 'It may be hoped that in future matches not only South Australian riflemen, but representatives of the other colonies also, may meet ? here in friendly rivalry, and that at the forthcoming meet ing of the South Australian Eifle Association Vic torians may strive on Adelaide ground to regain the laurels now wrested from them. With the subscriptions received and the aid ex tended to it by Government the V.K.A. has now held the two meetings which it proposed to hold during the first year of its corporate existence, and through it nearly l,200f. will have been distributed in prizes. 'For the means to continue its operation it looks confidently to public support, sure that the object proposed is one which all will be ready to aid to the best of their ability, -namely, the pro moting of emulation and the rewarding of skill in the use of the rille, the truly defensive weapon, which it is the wise policy of Britain to placeinthe hands of her citizen soldiers— her volunteer army.' His Excellency then said that it then de volved upon him, in fulfilment of his duty as President of the Victorian Eifle Association, to distribute the prizes gained at the second grand meeting. He could have wished that the task had fallen to the lot of the gallant Mojor-General, who, having been present at the matches, could have given the prizes so mucli more appropriately, and from whom it would have been a greater compliment to re ceire them, Ho (Sir Henry) regretted, tntf he had not attended' tho matches himself, but ho had been suffering from severe indisposition at tho time, and it must be admitted that tho weather was singularly unpropitious. It was, however, a source of very great satisfaction to find that, notwithstanding the bad weather, the meeting was, on the whole, a success, and that its results would compare favourably with those of last meeting, held in December hut, and also stand a comparison with those of tho great Wimbledon meeting in England. It was very creditable that this should be the case ; and although the scons at long range at this meeting were not equal to those made in Christ mas last, it should be borne in mind that the ;arget was now aiminisnea io six . ieei square, ;he same as at Wimbledon. He thought this reduction exceedingly judicious, because it was desirable that uniformity should prevail in these matters ; wero it otherwise, a fair com parison between the shooting hero and in tho mother- country could not be esta blished. This similarity was also desirable from another reason, for, as they were all aware, in a despatch lately received from tbo Duke of Newcastle, colonial volunteers were expressly invited by the Queen's express desiro to coinpeto at tho grand riflo match of the 3Sa- , tional Association in England. He hoped at . the next meeting to be able to rank among the f prized of the Victorian Association the silver medal of the National Association, offered by them to every colonial rifle association that chose to apply for it. Another great advantage was to be derived from an adborence as closely as possible to the Wimbledon regulations. No doubt what had occurred on this occasion would lead to a good feeling' of rivalry between the dillcrcnt colonies, and it would be far better that thero should be some standard of regula tions to which they could all refer, so thattluro could be no possibility of a misunderstanding. Even with regard to tho questions raised during I the present occusion. he believed that if thims- ' ociauuii nuu simpiy siaieu in US nonce uiui/ ho Wimbk'doit regulations would be adhered to, io question whatever would have arisen as to tho .veupons to bo used. In tho Wimbledon regula tions it was stated that the weapons to bo used in ill-comers' matches should be Government rilles of uay pattern given out, and with regard to position it was expressly stated that at short range the rifle should bo fired from tho shoulder, while ct tho longer rango it could bo fired from tho knee, but in the highest position ; so that no disputo could, even from tho very lint, have arisen. Ho hoped that theso regulations would hereafter bo adopted us the standard, so that !io mistake could tako place. This led him to say that, so far from regretting that tho principal prize given at tho meeting should bo carried away by a South Australian volunteer, it really caused him very grcut satisfaction. There was nothing in the circumstance at all of a naturo morti fying to Victorian vanity— (loud applause) — for scores equally large had been mado before by Victorian volunteers, and two Victorian volunteers Mtuully tied wilh the winner. Besides, on tho last occasion tho cup was won by u Victorian volunteer; and nothiit; was moro likely than that- it -«? would bo bo won again. Tho object for T which the Victorian Kitto Association was formed was to excitu a healthy spirit of rivalry in shooting, and thus indirectly keep up tho spirit of the volunteers, and induco good allots to enter tho ranks of the volunteer forces. Ho felt assured that what had occurred on this occasion would keep Victorian volunteers up to the mark, and show that they could not test on their laurels. They had, in fact, to hold their own against tho neighbouring colonies, who, it appeared, wero as good ahota us they. Ho thought they would succeed in this, for on the present occasion in all matclics open to all comers tho prizes wero won by volmiluora. On the former occasion in evcrv match somo ono or other of tho prizes was won by a private individual. They might say, thcro lore, that tho Association was discharging its duty, and it only remained to call upon tho public to do their duty and cupport it by subscriptions, so that it might or ganize further mutches, and oiler even larger premiums. Ho would not detain them longer, but proceed to distribute tho prizes, Tho various winners were then called in order. Tho presentation of tho prizes was uecoinpanied by frequent applause, especially when Lieut. Sutherland, whom Miijor-Orcneral Pratt warmly shook by the hand, presented himself. When tho winners of match 5 were called fortvuri], and the Victorian gold cup had to bo pre sented, Ilia Excellency said it would bo butler for him to explain that the Victorian gold cup had in fact no existence at present, but he be lieved the wishes of Lieut. Sutherland had been consulted with regard to its manufacture, which was to bo entirely of Victorian muto'iaU and workmanship. (Applause.) When Lord. Nelson destroyed the JJaniah fleet, tho puoplo of Denmark coiuoled themselves with the re flection that their conquorpr was him self of Danish origin, and in the present case .Vic torians might console themselves with tho fact that tho winner of tho gold cup was, if not of Victorian origin, at least mainly indebted to this colony for his training and education, Ho (Sir Henry) had admired tho manly straightforwardness of Mr. Sutherland's letter to the newspaper, and, by the wind up, saw also that ho knew how to uao a Latin quotation. The .ono Mr. Sutherland used ho would repeat, and translate for tho benefit of tho lading. Jf was Jiwc olim meminisse juvalit, which meant that tho atf'uir would giyo them all great plea sure to remember; and be could not lulp. falling back on the fact that if Victoria had not taught Mr. Sutherland to uao the rifle, it had taught him how to use & Latin quotation. (Applause.) With regard to the other prizes, it would bo worth remark that Mr. Kiye had chosen that his prize should take tho shape of a watch, which he would keep as a memorial of the occasion. Mr. Sutherland, who was very nervous and spoke in a very low voice, expressed his thanks for his reception and, for the prize which ho confessed ho had only won after a hard tussle. He hoped somo of thp Victorian volunteers would win somo of the best prises at the forthcoming rifle matcji 'at Adelaide, which would tako place in October next. Ho believed that tho effect of thceo matches would be to make all volunteers morn assiduous in their practice at tho target, ia order that they might not on occasion be found unwort hy guardians of their Queen and country. (Cheers.)' * \ Chicket.— Some months ago it was aDpa- '* rently determined that tho 'All England Eleven' Bhould bo engaged, and' invited to Victoria to contend with tlie best of the cricketers of Victoria, and it was, as \jrp be; lieved, settled that tho amount required fo advance tho bold proposition to tho fait accompli was arranged to be paid by several gentlemen taking each a share in thp certain expenses and possible profits. We learn now that the plan then proposed ha3 fallen to tbo ground ; but the cricketers of Victoria will be glad to learn it has been taken up again by Messrs. Spiers and Pond, who first suggested tho idea of inviting the English champion band to our shores, and we are informed that by. the departing mail, Messrs. Spiers and Pond will send Mr. W. B. Mallam as their accredited agent, armed with a largo cash credit, and discretionary powers as to the formation of an engagement; wjthjho best ofcyen the Engljsh cricket-fields can 'show. It is, expected that Mr. Mallam's arrangements will be completed so that the eleven will reach here early' ia December, by the next trip of tho Great Britain. They will therefore bo able to make about a ten or twelve weeks' stay in Australia, and be able to return to their May engage ments in England. — Argus, Imhigbatiox.— In the Legislative Council last evening (tho 13th) it was unanimously agreed that the amount of £39,000, *et apart out of the immigration vote for the ihtrodiic. tinn of single females into the colony, should bo ' appropriated as follows :— £14,000 only for the exclusive introduction of single females, and £25,000 towards assisted immigration under the resolutions, whereby persona in tho colony aro enabled to send for their relations and friends upon payment of a small amount, that amount, however, being increased from the pre vious sum by £1 for adult females, £2 for adult males, and XOs. for children under 12 years of Bge. It was also agreed that tho iirimigfanU Bhould be introduced upou the nationality basis, tho eamo as heretofore.— Age The Pbikob of Waies.— H*. Emblinn's celebrated motion, that an address be presented to Her Mnjeety, praying that she would be pleased to assent to His Royal Highness the Prmee of Wales paying a visit to this colony, camo on for di«cussion in the Assembly last wening (the 13th), and met with the fate it so richly deserved. Tho lion, member's argu ments in support of the resolution were some what unique, and evinced a keen eye to busi De33;j Z !-hn Princo camo herc» said bo, lie would be followed by a vast number of tho aristocracy. The Great Eastern would be laid on to convey the number of pers6ii3 that would be anxious to accompany the scion of royalty m his tour. Correct information relative to our resources would be disseminated— the Princo would thus be tho best immi gration lecturer we could obtain, and our debentures would rapidly rise in the London market. Mr. Michie said that no doubt it would bo very gratifying to the hon. member to succeed in his object, and to be created 'Sir Embling;' and luggested, that if the J?rince did, flrriTe, b,e stoutf t-$ inet by the hon. member for Colhngwood, riding on a Eegal Koodoo, whilst the other members of the Committee might bo mounted on some of the other animals which he (Mr. Embling) had been bo instrumental in intro ducing to the colony. Mr. Michie, however, thought it was not very complimentary to the Prince to attempt to turn him into a circula ting advertising machine, or one of the large posters which was stuck over the city, repre senting two rival medical practitioners — the one an equestrian, looking with awful disgust at the crowd of patients that flocked to his opponent's shop. Mr. Embling was too glad to withdraw his motion. — Age. Mb. Btjeke. — The Exploration Committee had a meeting yesterday (the 13th), at which it was resolved at once to dispatch a person to Cooper's Creek to endeavour to obtain some in formation of the Exploring Expedition. The Committee, however, entertain at present no fears of the safety of the party, hut they think it rather strange that Mr. Wright has never conveyed 'any intelligence to Menindee. A Mr. Walsh, we understand, is the person to be entrusted with the commission. He has been highly recommended by Professor Neu mayer. — Age. The Census.— We have been favoured with the gross results of the late census, from which it appears that the present population of the colony is as follows :— Males, 328,651, showing an incrtise since 1857 of 64,317 ; and females, 211,671, showing an increase since the same date of 65,239. The total population, there fore, according to the last census is 540,322, showing a gross increase since 1857 of 129,556, or about 31 per cent. — Age. Trade A5D Customs.— The acceptance of Mr. Loader's resignation by His Excellency the Governor and the appointment of his suc cessor is notified in a supplement to the Go comment Gazette, published last evening. The new Commissioner of Trade and Customs is the lately elected member for Mandurang, Mr. Sullivan. Mr. Loader's successor is an untried man in Parliament, having only taken his seat some eight or ten days ago. The public, therefore, are -wholly unacquainted as to what his pretensions to office are. He may or may not be an effective speaker and an able Minister; but it yet remains Jo be seen whether hU future career will justify his unprece dentedly early appointment as a Cabinet Minister. — Age. 