-S'Ü'M M/A'ïiV-TV Il . ' J l ' I / t ÍI r ' POB, - -oi' 1'EUROPE. ; ¡ INTRODUCTION. '? i Tho- political news of tho month is pearly a blank.' Tho Parliament has been in rcocss from the 24th" of Septem- ber to the 22nd of the present month, in order to give time to Miuisters to pre- pare (their financial soherno. In tho in- terval, tlicro has boon nothing of noto in the Bitaition of parties. The election of Dr. Evans for Maryborough has added an able, eloquent, and experienced poli- tician to tho ranks of tho Opposi- tion ; and tho rival forces aro so nearly balanced in tho Assembly as to make even ono voto of great conse- quence.'* The election for Gipps Land takes place this day-the candidates being Mr J. Dennistoun Wood, ,late Attorney-General of the Nicholson Ministry, and one of the foremost oppo- nents of tho present Government, and a candidate backed by all the influence of thooiHra-dcmooratic party. Thcstrugglo is expected to be a very olose ono, Dub tho- friends of Mr. Wood aro confident of viotory. . ° To sustain their waning popularity on the gold fields, the Ministry have ro sorted to tho expedient of sending tho Governor on a tour through the prinoipal mining districts. This somewhat indecent course, on the very evo of what is to' be the crisis in the Ministerial fortunes, has naturally excited a great deal of orament unfavourable, to Sir Henry Barkly, on the part of the respectable members'of the community. To turn tho general feeling of loyalty for the Crown and respect for its representative, into a means of making political capital for a Ministry in extremis, it is justly held,' is 'to prostitute the office ot tho Governor, and to briog tho Crown itself into contempt. That Sir Henry Baikly should havo been well re- ceived everywhere, was of course to be expected. Whatever aro (his per sopal weaknesses, they aro not of such a violent oharaoter as to affect in any way that sentiment of attachment to the' British throne and connexion, whioh is deeply implanted in the bosom of all Victorians. In most of the places visited by'IliB Excellency, tho inhabi- tants had the good sonso, in spite of the aotivity of the Ministerial agents, to avoid, carefully anything like a con- fusion of their duty to the Governor with their political feeling towards his Ministers; and the general effect of His Excellency's tour has been rather to damage than to impiovo the prospects of the Ilcales Ministry. Tho financial statement is to be matlo by the Treasurer on the 29th instant, and as yet nothing is known of its pro- bable character. The Estimates, it is said, will exhibit still further reductions in salaries, in accordance with the principles adopted in tho Ministerial Civil Service Bill. Should the po- licy of Government, as announced on. tho hustings, bo carried out, a -deficiency of some three or four hundred "thousand pounds on the year will have to be provided for ; and it is probablo that somo attempt will be made to introduce the thin end of Proteotion, under tho name of " taxes on luxuries." But any general system of increased taxation, if proposed, will bo stoutly resisted, both in tho House and out of äoprs; and in this question is involved the cxisteDoo of tho Heale? Ministry. An answer has been received from tho Governor by the Upper House to UB protest against tho Ministerial sohomo of Occupation Licences, in whioh His Exoellency briefly refers to a former reply, and attempts to justify his 'conduofc. by tho rules of constitu- tional government. Tho weight of ,such a s plea may bo judged of rby tho fnot, that a majority of four only could be found to uphold the Go- vernment policy in the Lower Houso; while in tho Uppor, the majority was twenty-one to four against Ministers. If numbers, therefore, are a test of the public opinion in tho matter of the occu- pation licences, they are clearly against Ministers. Tho popularity of the sohome itself, among those to whom it is a direct pecuniary benefit, is of oourso not to bo wondered at. To lot good agricultural land for half-a-orown an acre is a measure only ICSB popular than to givo it away for nothing. On suoh a principle, it is easy for any Ministry to earn popularity. But the Governor, as representative of the Crown, and as guardian of the exist- ing rights of property, might reasonably havo been expected to make some demur at such a policy. Sir Henry Barkly has not done BO, and is in ull things tho very humble and obsequious slave of a faction, whioh at the present moment happens to be numerically the most powerful in the oolony. In ¿hose circumstances-the full interest of whioh it will be diifioult to convoy to our English renders-it is not surprising that a notice of motion is to bo found on 'tho paper of the Legislativo Counoil, to tho effect that an address be presented -to the Queen, calling her attention to the Btate of affairs in this oolony. \- At the "beginning of the month the colony was excited throughout Its bounds on the subject of tho Otago gold-fields. From every part of Vic- toria miners were rushing to the new and distant field of labour. At the Ovens, Bendigo, Bal- larat, Fryer's Creek, and tho older gold-fields, minors were sacrificing , good paying claims at "almost any price, to obtain tho moans of going to New Zealand ; and oven' in tho oldest and best .companies on .Ballarat, substantial shareholders put hired substitutes In their places, and went off _to try for themselves the worth of the new gold- field. The effect was a considerable derangement of trade, the interruption of intercolonial communication, the engagement of craft of all kinds to carry passengers, horses, drays, sheep, goods, etc., to Dunedin. Every clipper in the bay( at the time was taken up and for a time it seemed as if Victoria would .be abandoned by thé diggers. Tho warnings of tho press were unheeded, and private reports of an unfavourable character were regarded as .fabrications ofjnn enomy who'desired to reserve .the 'field for tho fortunate first comers., The letters of our special' correspondent, however, tended materially tó allay the excitement ; and as the returning steamers began to bring " back almost as many passengers as they took away» and as the tales of the returned wanderers were those of utterly .disappointed men, the fever subsided with almost as great rapidity as it arose. Only those who wore first on tho field have done any good. It is now admitted that, whilo tbo " colour" of gold-that is to say, gold in very minute quantities-is to be obtained almost every- where, there can, from the configuration of the ground, be very few payable gold fields in the Middle Island. A valley, known as Gabriel's Gully, distant about three days' march from Dunedin,, offered almost the only payable ground tho miners could find, and it was early taken up from end to end, and is now being worked over for the second time, Mr. Esmonds, an experi- enced Viotorian prospector- for whom tho honour is claimed of being the first discoverer of gold in Victoria-has given it as his opinion, after a rapid * prospecting examination of Otago, that a second field so peculiarly likely to yield gold as Gabriel's Gully is- not likely to be found, and that, therefore, the Middle Island can bo no rival to Victoria as a gold-producing district. _ To add to tho diffi- culties of tho miner, while food was Bcnrco and dear, it was almost impossible to procure tho smallest quantity of firewood, while timber fo» minitig purposes W«B not to bo had. At tho last dates the rouds wore erowtlcd with dieuppoiuted diggers returning to Dunedin, » " canvos town" had been improvised in tho streets, the hanks fearing a rush on thoir strong boxes-had for wardud their gold to other ports, and while hun- dreds were glad to obtain Government employ- ment on the roads at 5s. per day, hundreds more were vainly endeavouring to find a passage back to Victoria. Within tho last fe» days tho ships Iii-htnin. and Empress of tlio Sea havo arrived in Hobson'« Bay ; bringing back some hundreds of the disappointed, and the Result, Giant's Cause- way, and other ships, are nt sea with more. The greater part of the gold produced by 0Ingo has already reached this port or Sydney, from which it will find its way to England. It is said to be good in quality,, but to lose considerably moroe than Victorian gold in the operation of smelting. ; ira regret to navo to report that no further intelligence has been received during the month of the missing explorers, three of whom were re- ported by a native a» living on a raft, in a lake in the interior-supposed to bo Cooper's Creek, or some unknown piece of water Mili farther to the north. It was anticipated that tho leader-Mr M -unlay-of the South Australian party would haye, boen ablo ero this to havo carried succour to the lost men, but tho telegram had misrcported, the distance, which the native had estimated by " sleeps," and when tho ¡last messago was despatched by the party it had not got beyond tho last of tba South Australian polica out-posts, and then had still a journey of two or.three necks beforo it to reach tho luke described by tho blackfellow. From Mr. Uowitt's relief party, which left Menindio in August laBt. for Cooper s Creek, no information has been ro ceived. Mr. Howitt bad chosen a tract between Burkes and that of Captain Sturt, and may have found unexpected difficulties in his way, Doubts nive been thrown upon tho story brought by tho blackfellow, bilt it is not to bo supposed that his story was an invention, and we cherish tbo hope that at least tho survivors of tho party will yetborecovorcd.andrestoied to society. It is curious that fioin Western Australia we had by thp last mail reports from/he natives-broughtin by .an exploring party-that whito men had been seen some years ago endeavouring, but un- successfully, to penotrato to the western settle- ments. It is supposed that this story lias rcferenco to Lombard t's party, tim last surviving members of which had perished in the barren and stony desert boyond the eastern confines of the Swan River settlement. " °" .1}B !»' 'nstant the Victorian Industrial Exhibition, in connexion with tho great Inter- national Exhibition in London in 1802, was opened to tho public. Some aecotint of the pro- ceedings will bo found in another column. The contributors m tho up-country districts not having anticipated that strict punctuality would bo observed and tho limo they lind given to preparation baying been limited, few of tbo exhibit from a distance were ready and in their places when tho Exhibition was declined opon, birnie then, however, arrivals havo boon of hourly occurrence, and as a whole the department will not be without its interest in the great show. The articles oxhibitcd aro widdy diverse in character-from quartz to carriages, candles to pianofortes, snakes (nlivo and dead) to nuggets and models of fruit-but there will bo much in it to attract and interest tho scientific us well ns the simple visitor to the building in Kensington Gore. To ono class tho ores of iron and antimony will havo con- siderable interest ;;onr substitutes for cotton will havo attractions for others; and the naturalist will find much to interest lum in the specimens which will bo forwarded of tho birds/the fish, the reptilos, &o.;, indigenous to tho colony. Tho models of oui- mining machinery will show tho machinists of longland what wo havo attained, ,niid may ead thom to suggest to us inventions which we lack for it is generally admitted that we aro still far from having attained perfection in our moans of saving the gold which our Ktnmping-nmchinea separate from the quartz. The sceno of the display? is the largo erection known* us tho Exhibition lluildmg-having been erected in cnnnoxion wih the local exhibition in 1854 and the attendance of the public has been gratify ingly numerous. The contributions to boforwarded to London will bo despatched in December next. 1 arliament re-aSBonihled on Tuesday last, nfter tho receas accorded to Mindura to prepare their budget. The Treasurer has aiinounceit that tbo Estimates for 1862 ave in the hands of the printer, and that he will make his financial speech on Tuesday next. In tho mcantinio, the Com- missioner of Customs has annouueed that Minis- ters propose to reduce the' export duty on gold (probably tola 0d per ounce), and. ho withdrew for n few days Ins bill remitting the duty on gold brought to this colony from New Zealund, for the purpose of grafting upon it n clauso carrying out the Ministerial intentions ao to tho reduction of the duty on Victorian gold. Among tho other ramures introduced by the Government is a bill (introduced by Mr. líenles), for tho pro teojion of decayed persons and deserted children. anf!,a ii1" i,or U!° "Kulntion of tho Civil Service while the County Councils Bill has been post' poned till after the debate on the ludact. Tho Minister of Mines has also proposed to legalizo tho salo of water for domestic purposes, from the reRorvoirs recently erected orí the gold rIAñtír.°nnty'nS,,t °. tl,eBÜ rcsc"'oirs storing 600,000,000 gallons of water, which it is pro- posed to soil at 2d. per thousand gallons Durinp the reces», a writ was issued for a now cecrion for Maryborough, Mr. Ireland having elected to sit for Villiers ,nnd Hoytesbury, and-, the election has resulted in tho return of I Dr. Evans, who formerly represented tho Avoca. Dr. Evans is an opponent of the present Govern- ment, and dofeatcd Mr. Virtuo-n local candi- date and a supporter of the policy of the Ministry -by a majority of fifiy-eisht. A new writ was also issued for North Gipps Land, in roora of Mr Everard, who became disqualified about tho -period of his election. Tho candidates for tho vacant seat are Mr. J. D. Wood (Attorney. General m thq Nicholson Government), and Dr Mackay, who contests the seat in the interests of tho Government. . A curious incident in tho history of the Vic- torian Parliament, is tho conviction of Mr P Costello-one of (ho members for North Mol bourne-on a charge of conspiracy to procure the personation of voters in connexion with the recent oleotion pt Mr. 1J. S. Chapman for Morn- ington. Mr. Costello had engaged a steamer, and hired some fifty or sixty "canvasseis," and proceeding to Schnapper Point and other polllnt; places, broußht up his men to repusent "deau uns and absent voters. But bo accomplished his work m so clumsy a manner that escapo from detection could not havo been hoped for by tho parties cngacod in the transaction. The caso was tried at the Circuit Court, Ballarat, and sen tenoo has been " deferred," sm oral points of law having been reserved by tho judge for tho consi- deration of tho full Court. The session which has now begun promises to bo a busy and protracted ono, the strength of the two parties in the nouso being almost equal to a man. In the matter of election petitions, it ? promises to be distinguished beyond all its pre- decessors. The Elections and Qualifications Comrmttco bos commenced its labours in con- nexion with tho petition against the return of Mr. J. Chapman, one of the members for Casllo maine, against whom tho allegation is mndo (and with truth), that at tho time of his election ho wascn uncortificnted insolvent, Mr. Chapman has been served with a writ from the Supremo Court, in an action brought against lum to re- cover penalties (A20O a da) ), for having eat and voted in tho House. Ho resists tho notion of the Lull passed last year to exclude persons in'his position, on the ground that tlio bill ¡r>o)f is illegal, not having been reserved, uko the Offi- cials in Parliament, Act, wldeh it amends, for tho assent of Her Majesty. Petitions have also been referred to the committee against tho election of Mr. Casey for Sandhurst, Mr. Reid for tho Murray District, Mr. Kirk for East Bourke, and in connexion with the North Mel- bourne election. In another column will bo found tho bill of faro' provided at a novel banquet given recently in Mel- bourne by the Acclimatisation Society, in con- nexion with the object of tho labours of that, body. Tho bill of fare, in all its departments, embraced naive subjocts, few of which had' ever beforo como under tho observation of a French cook, or figured on the dinner-table beforo >a party of gentleme-n. As a demonntration of the food resources of Australia, the dinner was nn entno success. The chair was occupied byMr., Edward Wilson, tho president of the AcclimttiBa tion Society. While on this subjoot, we may remark, that wlule our bays afford a large variety of very| excellent fish, some-like ¡the sole and flounder -olosely resembling their English prototypes, and others, like the, whiting and salmon, vastly different, the one in appearance and the other in quality,' accident is constantly making us'ac- quainted with' new varieties. It begins to be believed that if tho straits,and the coast were thoroughly examined, banks would 'be found where ground fishing might be fullowed''witli advantage. It is known that more than ono species of large and well-flavoured, tah is to be found in the deep water, though never within Port Philip Heads ; and thoro is reason to believe that these varieties " aro ground-feeding fish.' Before deep-sea fishing could be entered upon, however, a want must be supplied, to which perhaps tito Acclimatisation Society will give its attention. Oyster beds wo have in Wes'ern Pori Bay andiHobson's ¡Bay, and various kinds of small shell-fish are found all along the coasts ; but mussels for bait are|nowheroto be found in quan- tities snilloient for the purposes of a fishing com- munity. ' The' marine survey now in progress will ultimately settle the question of tho fishing banks, and if they exist, facilities for turning them to advantage will soon bo sought out. The Commissioner of Railways has announced that the Geelong, and Ballarat Railway will not be opened before the 1st of March. Efforts are being made to hasten the opening of the Murray River line, from Woodend to Bendigo, before the period named in the contract, On both lines the works are now being carried out with vigour. In the Assembly, notice of motion has been given for the survey of a line of railway between Ballarat and Maryborough, and the latter and Castlemaine, with a view to the most desirable route for a line being ascertained. A summer encampment of the volunteers has been proposed, to take place in December,during the Christmas holidays. It was proposed that the Werribee Plains should be again selected as the scene of the encampment, Mr. Chirnside, the owner of the station, having most generously contributed £1,000 on that understanding. Mi- nisters, however, have been frightened by the difficulties they experienced in conveying the passengers and volunteers to and fro on a former occasion over a single line, and at the troubles into which those difficulties threw them. They have resolved, therefore, that the camp shall be in the neighbourhood of Woodend, or at Jackson's Creek, that a double line of rails may be available. The" contract for the conveyance of tho South Australian mails to and from King George'K Sound lins passed into the bands of tho Austral- asian Steam Navigation Company, who havo engaged to-perform tho 'service» for £l,000 per month. Tho steamer Wonga Wonga bus hoon despatched to Adelaide to toko out to tho Sound the mails of tho present month. The Balclutha has siuco boen placed on the line between Mel- bourne and Brisbane, tia Sydney. From Now Zealand UP havo information of tho amval of Governor Sir George "Grey nt Auck- land, nnd tho departure of Governor Browne, who has since arrived at Sydney. Sir George, hotveter, had given no indications of his policy when the mail left Matters tvoro quiet, and there seemed to be no immediate danger of hos- tilities breaking out. Tho August mails from England were delivered at tho Post-office hero on the forty-third day from London, the Benares having made an un- usually'rapid voyage from Galle. The Silsette and the Balclutha had each a protracted passage to tho Sound with tho outgoing September mailB, and had tho latter readied tho Sound an hour lutcr-tiian sho did, the Benares would havo been at sea on her route to Melbourne, and tho South Austntlun mails on board. - THE GOLD-FIELDS. Now that the exoittmcnt about Now Zealand is quito at an end, moro attention will bo paid by tho miners* to thoso piucos within our own ter- ritory which offer iuduoements for a further ex- ploration, and wo may fairly expect that, before tho summer is far.advanced, new ground of im- portance will be opened iu more than one direc- tion. Tho actual discoveries of lato bave boen few.and these mostly oÇ fresh leads or patches in ¿ho .neighbourhood of old workings, but thcro aro now rumours of qui,to a now field-being found at tho heads of somo of the creeks in the Ovens district, and if tbero should bo any confirmation of these reports, an ctten sivo_rush in likely to sot in thitherward, especially as it is gonerally known among the minors that tho beds of nearly all tho streams flowing from that sido of the great mountain range aro moro or less auriferous, and na the statements fre- quently made of late, and that on good autho- rity, of the returns obtained by many of tho diggers moro to tho southward, on the streams running into the, Goulburn, would have suf- ficed to cause crowds to seek their fortuuo once again amongst theso mountains if thcrn had not been the creator attraction of a comparatively unknown but more distant coun- try. In no better season than the prosent i could a rush to these mountainous i cgioiis tako place, for now the minors will have tho whole summer before them, and it is only at this time of year that such a rough, inhospitable district can bo explored with any great probability of Buocess. Tho diggings on tho other Bido of tho rangeB, in Gippa Land, are gradually extending, and as tho population on these increases, and they become moro acces- sible, their permanence and consequent valu o aro moro clearly proved. Amongst theso rangos, so imperfectly known as yet, many moro good ¿olds than ne hayo at present any idea of will no doubt be discovered in timo, but tho pro- cess of discovery must needs bo slow, for through such forests and ranges tho most determined of prospectors can muk« but littlo way, learning oven less of tho features of the country at either side of their traoks. On tho oidor fields wo hive bad about the UBUOI number of new reofs opened, and of new alluvial deposits found, roUithbtnnding tho disturbing infiuonco of the movement towards 'Now Zealand- wo say to- wards, because, fortunately, very many of the miners who detornuned on going did not get further than Melbourne, or'so far, and were quickly back in their own districts again. Nor lias this interruption to tho regular work of the miners here had any apparent effect on tho gene- ral yield of gold, for this keeps well up to the aveingo of last year, and lhere will be little, if any, diminution in tho total quantity shipped during tho current twelvemonth. The . want of water has alwayB been assigned as tho reason for a falling-off in the yield as the summer advances, and with truth ; but now, according to tho head of tho Mining Department, somewhere about six hundred mil- lions of gallons havo been saved for summer use in twenty eight of tho reservoirs lately con- structed, and this water can be supplied to the miners at the rate of about 2d. per l,000gal. ; so that where there is payable ground within r¿ach of any of theso reservoirs there need bo no stoppnge of work during the driest of seasons. A liberal supply of watei, at so small a coal, will be of such vast benefit to tho miner and the country i at large, that this mode of saving it must bo widely adopted, particularly as there aro great natural facilities for tho construction of reser toirs near almost every gold-field in tho colony. A fine cake of amalgamated gold is now on view at tho Exhibition hero, nfibrdine tho best of proofs ithat thore is no filling off in the yiold from tho teefs. This weighs l,015oz , and is tho pro nuce of only three tons of stone, out of a claim on the Johnson Beef, in the Bendigo distnoi. a reef long famous for its largo yields The general returns from tho reefs in this district havo been good lately, and among thoso above tho avorago was ono of 8doz Gdwt 12¡ twenty two tous of stone out of a claim on tbo North Devonshire Reef , and another of d7oz Gdwt from a poreol of twclvo tons out of a third reef. Old Bendigo has been productive of nug- gets, too, of late, one of G9oz having' been found a few days since, and just beforo that a smaller ono of 27oz 3dwt, Tho greatest |.number of nuggets, lion et er, nnd the largest, "have been found near Dunolly within the lost few weeks AmongBt these were two weighing respec- tively 170oz and 290V , besides many smaller 'ones, and others mentioned in lost month's sum mary; and only last week a nugget weighing 8JOZ was sold io one of tho banks at Back Creek ; but secrecy Was preset ved as to tbo locality whenco it was taken The boBt.yield from tbo Ii/glowood reefs lately, as regards tbo average produce, ti as one of 250oz from fourteen tons of stono, out of a claim on tho Morntng Star, and tho largest actual return wits a jield of l,091oz from 230 tons of stono out of ono of the claims bn tho famous Columbian Reef. Avorago yields of two, three, and four ounces to the ton have been obtained from small parcels of sthno out of different reefs, and as man) as forty ounces wero ¡'obtained from three tin dishes of specimens incited frbm a very nch vein struck a ottr days-* since in one ' of the olatms on the before mentioned Morning Star Reef. In the Custlcmamo district there has boen a decided improvement in tho yield from several of the reefs, and in a few instances tho returns have 'been very large. The Ajax Company"of working minors on tho Bolivia Reef, alluded to beforo as the"suLcessors to 'ono of the joint stock com 'pames that could not be made to > pay, had 410} oz1 from their last Crushing of 104 tons , but the 'best yields haVo been from smaller quantities of storfo. Thus, t.woivo tons from-a olafmoon the ' Nimrod Reef produood -30iJoz 1 7dtvt 5 and tho "sanio quantity of stone " from ai-olaim on Pronr-hman's Reef'produced 80oz: M s 1 many 1'ni II80Z. were obtained from * six- 'tops 1 Out of one of the claims on Nuggety Reef, and Bevon , , tons of stone from the same claim, moco crushed, frpduced-OOoz, s jfyst of ¿helargo yiojds have icon! obtained from rich veins opened winton lue as, few ..weeks, and, mjtho^uiajority of Instances, the result of deeper sinking than used formerly to bo thought desirable In the Maryborough district J40o_,l were yielded by a poroel of eighteen and''three quarters tons of stone out of one of the reefs there, and two tons from one of tho Yandoit reefs yielded 78 -, Such are a fow of the best rottirns obtained within the last four weeks, and wo need offur no further proofs in support o' the statement that there has been no falling off' in the general yield from the reels, whatever improvement there may have been. , AGRICULTURE. ' The seasons having been so change-bio of late, we'may be excused for nlwajB commencing with the weather, and this has been altogether in favour hitherto of a large amount of produce of i all sorts this year. For sonio weeks past, wo havo had for the most part warm days, succeeded frequently by smart thunder-storms, and but little cold following these changes ; in short, essentially growing weather. There have boen severe squalls of wind in some parts of tho country, but tbeso have done little damage to tho farmer, and, on the whole, ho never had a sprinc better "calculated to bring on his crops quickly, so that if this should be succeeded by a warm and early summer ho will bo woll prepared to meet the change, and the novelty of a really fine and dry harvest time once more would be fully appreciated hero. If tho prospects as to the crops are good, wo cannot say as much for priceB. Wheat and flour are now pouring into these colonies from California nnii Valparaiso, and there is still a quantity on; hand iu South. Australia, whero the harvesting of I ho most abundant crop of wheat ever grown there iu one season will com- mence in a few days. The wheat now coming on so favourably hero ought nearly, if not quito, to suffiuuforourown consumption ; ond Sydney will not require one- fourth of ¿ho surplus from South Australia, so that England only can bo looked to as a market for this-, and prices must rule low accoi dingly. Oats have not been sown very ex- tensively, and promise to pay better, but the quantity of imported grain in store is still largo, and any material advance in price would bring this into consumption, to the neglect of colonial grain. Then, the crops of hay aro likely to be heavy, and tho domand is falling off, owing principally to tho rcduotion in the number'of horses employed in carry inn on tlio roads ; so that this artio'e of produce cannot bo calculated on for much assistance to tho grower, in what promises to bo a hard HCason for him, propitious though the weather may be. Those formers who can nre turning their attention to stock, and aro increasing tho numbor of sheep or cattle owned by thom, especially the former ; but only a very small proportion of those holding farms havo mean's to make this change, or, in- deed, to keep the sheep on their land if they had them. It has boen the oustom very generally hero to cncloso fields intendod for tillage with rough open fences, not adapted to keep sheep either out or in, so that an alteration in this r -speet would have to be made, and portions of tho land would have to bo laid down with English grasses or devoted to tho cultivation of roots ; all these thing rendering a sudden chango in their ByBtem quite impossible to tho vast majority of the farmers, far too many of whom are much hampered for tho want of capital enough to carry out tho ordinary, or colonial, system of tillase, with which they havo commenced. A few of our moro independent farmers aro giving sheep a fair trial on English grasses and roots, and they aro found to pay well, without any risk of the gioat fluctualions which take place from year to year in the price of grain. . A fortnight since, the Port Philip Society's cältlo show was held at Melbourno, and would havo been a great success but for a heavy full of rain on the principal day, and this, of course, prevented visitors from attending. In regard to the number of entries, and the quality of the stock shown, there waB a vost improve- ment on lost year. All the classes wero well filled, and in scarcely one was a prize awarded .tyitbout closo competition. To tho imported clniun,ht horses there was only ono important addition Blackleg, the best Clydesdale of his year in Scotland; but the first and second thoroughbreds are both late arrivals, and splendid animal«, they aro for size and substance- qualities much needed in most of our herds of highly-bred horses. Cattle of all sorts wero mora numerouB than ever beforo, especially shorthorns, which aro fast increasing now from imported stocks ; and one very largo, though not very handsomo, ox was purchased by Mr. Edward Wilson, for shipment to England, in order to let the people thero seo whnt_ beef-producing animals wo occasionally raiBe in Australia. Competition in the sheep classes is becoming much more keen, and every year we havo additions to tho number of varieties in the yards. The farmers are, of oourse, all for the largo English kinds ; but among the admirers of fine-woolled sheep much interest was oxcited by two Australian merino ram lambs, of great size and very superior quality, which were sold for £50 each, In tho machinery department the number of ontricB was very great indeed, and not a fotv of tho prizes wero awarded for articles of colonial manufacture. Tho first prize steam threshing machine even was mode here, with coloniaily-devlsed improvements ; so that it will bo seen wo aro advancing rapidly in this direction, as well as in others'. Tho prize ploughs wero, as usual, of colonial make, and somo of these were very highly finished, and altogether very crcditablo ' implements. In every respect, in fact, the lato show was worthy of the colony, which aims at I nking a s'.rong lead in agriculture, and every- thing connected therewith. But, unfortunately, ns a check to any pride wo might bo inclined to feel in our shorthorns or other cattle, pleuro pneumonia ¡s spreading fast in the north-eastern district of tho colony, in which it has become thoroughly established, and from which it cannot be now eradicated without tho destruction of several largo herds, as well aB of tho small lots helonging to many different owners. From tbo first no sufficient measures hnve been taken for the suppression of this evil, and thero muy now bo n, doubt whether the magnitude to which it has reached will not prevent the majority of our legislators from adopting the requisite means for its extinction thus late in the day. THE EXHIBITION. Tho building in William-streot, Melbourne, erected in 185- for the purpose of exhibiting the articles which wore afterwards sent to Paris as a representation of the resources of tho colony, having been enlarged by the addition of an apart- ment eighty feot long by forty feet broad, is now filled with vegetable, mineral, animal, and indus- trial prcductB, from which will have to be selected the items to form tho Victorian contribution to "tho World's Pair," to be hold in London in 18G2. When it is remembered that little more than ten years ago, at tho timo of tho opening of the Hydo Park Exhibition, the colony had no inde- pendent existence,, and that Port Philip con- tained a population of less than 80,000, the pre- sent Exhibition say s a great deal for the meaiiB of this now land, and the ingenuity and energy of its' inhabitants. Tho Exhibition shows that, apait from our gold, the yield of which, up to jthe-close of last, June, is estimated to be equal to something like £104,000,000, tho colony is capable of furnishing" tho raw material for a vast number of manufac- tures, and for industries little dreamt of by those who first net foot upon this soil. There are upwards of eighty varioties of indigenous timber, and these aro exhibited both in their natural Rtato and after thoy have poshed through the handB of polisher and cabinetmaker, in ordpr lo show their value for ornamental ns well,nu useful purposes. Wo have myrtle, cedar, gum, black- wood,1 ani pine, worked up in a manner that would boar comparison with the most highly finished articles in mahogany, rosewood, walnut, and mnple, to be found in Europe. The Exhibi-' tiort also proves, that our trees are remarkable, not only for tho' wood which thoy supply, but for the essential oils, vinegar, »nd other acceptable .things which may be obtained from thom. The grabs tree yields a resin, and the stringy-bark tree a fibre suitable for paper,; Among our mineral products aro tin, iron, antimony, coal, building tono,andltaoline. Some of ihesehavbnotyet been àiscovercdinpayablequanlitieB,butthelast-namcd will probably originate au important industry. TKero are sot eral llluslrations-f rom thumb-blue to.crayons-of the purpobcsto which kaolino may bo applied. Then wo bato biscuits, wine, ale, olive oil, cigars-all obtained from products grown in the colony-as well as the wool, not onjy of tho ordinary sheep, but of the Alpaca and the Angorn goat, both of which are now accli- matised, to say nothing of tho leatbor obtained .from the hides of native animals. There aro also eases of jewellery, plate, cutlery, saddlery, chandlery, as well as specimens of carving, dye- ing, bookbinding, lithography, coopery, boot making, clothing, farriery, and wirework, which show that tho craftsmen of the colony are in no way behind tbeir brethren of the mother country. There aro beautifully-executed models of the many fruits and vegetables grown ia the colony, it being impossible to convey tho objects themselves in'safety to London. Machinery IB fairly repre- sented. There are both steam and water power en- gines ; and of course there is no lack of machines, with the latest improvements, for quartz crushing and puddling. Therearesomohandsomecarriages, and the low-backed car, which is an institution of colonial growth, and which, with its accommoda- tion for sk passengers and the driver, all for ono horse, will no doubt be viewed with astonishment 1 in England; is duly represented. There aro water and drainage pipes made of paper ; pottery ma- nufactured- with sludge ;,and many other interest-, ing testimonies to,the invention and enterprUejOf, t)ur fellow colonists, A most interesting feature of the Exhibition IB tho collection of photographs illustrative of the principal places of business, public buildings, and other objects of interest in the metropolis ,and leading provincial town». These pictures will show, not only tho perfection which tho photographio art has. attained-in Victoria, but, what isjof moro im« portanoe, that our urban residences ure composed of something more subs'autial than woodand oanvas. . Tho statistics of each municipality in the colony, engrossed and illuminated on vellum, form an excellent companion feature to the pho- tographs; though in the matter of statistics it is to bo presumed that Mr. M'Hait) Meok'a " his- torical and descriptive atlas"-as his large pen and-ink tablet (OHtt by Ojft.) is called ,-will be pre-eminent. , . , The most attractive item in the Victorian collection , to the great mass of visitors to tho Exhibition of 18G2 will, no doubt, be .the specimens of our auriferous wealth. These will ocoupy a .case niuo feet high, con- structed of native, woods, in the Gothic (15th century) Btyle. This coso is not yot completed, but is expected,to bein its place within a few days. It will then be filled with samples of tho various hjnds of gold'obtained in the colony, both in a pure statejind in quartz, as w eli as somo of the remarkable nuggets. A represenlatiou of the diamond, topaz, and other colonial gems »ill ^also find a place in the collection. In order that 'the process of separating gold from quartz may bo understood by people at home, tho Exhibition Commissioners proptjso sending to London a erushing-machine, with washing and amalsa mating apparatus, which will bo exhibitod'in action. Tho sectional models representing tbo strata of certaip gold mines aro highly deserving of mention in connexion with this subject. Tim Bxhibition was opened on the 1st inst. by His Excellency the Governor. Sir Redmond Barry, the president'of tho Exhi- bition CorpmisBion! in an address on the occasion, setting forth the» aims apd objects of the Exhi- bition, observed-" In thron months and a half, between this and the middlo of January, when the commissioners will close their labours hero, much can, much must, bo dope, if it bo tho will of our people that the resources of the country, tho genius, tho enterprise, and the industry of her inhabitants, aro to bo represented respectably. Some days must elapso before all tho objects to bo sent from the interior of the country can ar-, rive. Several whioh havo .taken moro time in ' completion than was' anticipated (including tbe gold case) are not yet ivndy. When all aro assembled the commissioners will bo enabled to ascertain the instances in which de- ficiencies .exist, when renowed nnd increased exertion must rbe put forth., Probably, while you are ready to, accord' your meed of approbation,, sir, to the numerous instances of ingenuity and skill displayed here to 'day, you may be of opinion, with the commissioners, that what is wanted for, the inquiring minds and saga- cious judgements of thoso who will congregate at the International Exhibition is, not so much a few objects of such ^excellence in invention and oxccution.as you seo around you, as what may be invidiously or indiscreetly deemed by some a rude variety. Wo desire to.exomplify the almost un- bounded natural sources of 'wealth with which wo aro blessed ; to display the germs of robust de veloperaent, ("he elements or a not remote perfec- tion ; to demonstróte that Victoria affords to tho prudent opportunities for the safe and remunera- tive investment of capital, for the exercise of scientific skill, directing and animating steady, persevcrirjg labour ; and'to prove that she con- tains within the broad expanse of her fertile ter- ritory room for hundreds of thousands who may under the guidance of Divino Providence win for themselves an, bonourable independence, and emulate tho refined civilization and moral great- ness which so eminently distinguish the great country from which wo are sprung." Sir Henry Barkly, in tho course of his reply, observed-" As this colony had no distinct exist- ence nt, the timo of tho Great London Exhibi- tion-of 1851,'that of next year will in reality afford the first opportunity for asser ting itsrank and importance amongst tbo provinces of the British Empire. By displaying its great natural wealth, and tho adaptability of its ^oil and climate for every species of pioduction, at such a competition, wo shall most effectually promote the object we havo in view, of attracting the surplus capital and labour of tho mother country to our shores. We can show the astonishing progress which this colony has made in all tho arts of civilization and appliances of wealth within the past ten yerra -progress unsurpassed by any other British possest-ion-nay unrivalled, I' believe, by that of any other country on the face of the globe. Within this decade, tho neglected district of Port Philip has expanded into the important colony of Victoria-tho .-influential dependency of Now South Wales into a, state possessed of the fullest, measure of constitutional government. i Its population has increased moro than seven- fold, its cultivated land in even larger proportion, I its flocks yield half as much more wool, its other I products are equally augmented in value, whilst tho gold, the discovery of which has stimulated, if not caused, this wondrous development, is so far from shoving symptoms of exhaustion, that, though upwards of a hundred millions' worth has leen extracted from tho alluvial flats and inter- secting quartz reofB, last week's Government oscort broughtjdovfn nearly 50,000oz.-a quantity equal to the average of the entire period. Who that lopks around mm hero, and sees whnt won- don have in few short years beeu aohieved in this country, under favour of freo institutions and untrammelled induslry, will venturo to dis | trust the capacity of tho British race for the exer- cise cf tho fullest pqweivi of self-government, or doubt for ono moment that a glorious destiny is, under the blessing of Divine Providence, reserved for this highly-favoured country ?" The Exhibition has since been open daily, and has been visijed by a great number of persons. It will remain open for soveial weeks longer. Concerts are given frequently, and as the building is nicely decorated - presenting a charming blending of flags, fountains, and fern trees-the place has become a favourite lounge and prome- nade. _ ACCLIMATISATION. Our Acclimatisation Sooiety has signalised itself during-the last month, by a bold but highly successful experiment in the shape of a grand experimental dinner, after the style of the celebrated Eland dinner, presided over by Pro- fessor Owen. The entertainment carno off on the 15th inst., and was attended by about seventy of our leading colonists. The following was the bill of fare presented. It will be found unique, and will doubtless prove interesting to lovers of good living in distant places : WINE LIST. AUSTRALIAN WINES. VICTORIA. ( ' Sparkling Victoria, i , . NEW SOUTH WA.ÜS, Bed Cawarra. Whlto Inawang, JaOfy Kaludah. BOOTn AtJSTIUIiU. 'Malvo'sio, Eipanolr. Verdeilho, Burgundy. Onapo. FortEiOK WILES Amontillado Sherry. i Sparkling Moselle Hock. I bpurullng Burgundy. Sauterno. Caanipaguo, Bucellas, . I Fort Madeira. , j Gltret. MENU. POTAOK3. A la knngurou. A la bisque. A la tortue Murray. Pouch a la Romaine. , ' POISSOMB. Schnappers. Polisons d'Argent, Morlane.' ' ' Carrelots. Polisons de Beurro. Perches d Or. Surmulets. Garfish. Cabillauds do In Hurray. Soles. Poissons Noirs. ] Brochets, Sauce Hoinsrd. Bauea aux Crevettes. , Saúco aux Huîtres. Sauce Anchois. . , ' BELKVIÎS . Culsso do Kanriiirou à l'Australie [ \- r Nativo Companion, rotl ' , f, , Canards Sauvages en Gresson. Dliidgn, Sauce Céleri. ' . * ' ! Pintade on Crestón. i , , ' . Bandicoots rôtis. Wallahy au jus. ' - ' Foale dVau rollo. i ' i Canard Mme rotl. i-- .-JPn'6chaud t " . ( . roulette« bouilles it Ia printanlire. ' Jambon?.froids dGcor.s et orcCs. ' , Dindons Sauvages, Sauce Australienne. Canards otut 6s aiix"pols verts. ? . v ' ' ' '. Dinde rotte aux Saucissons. ' ' . i ' '?'i.H. LaphiBotu\o i i Pigeons à la Victoria, Womb »w au 1 eyre . i Ole du Cap liai ron illa Soublso. ' ' VÛ.oi Greiiuulllen, Poulettes ro' IrB à I» prlntantôré. . Langues do Bouf froides etglac.es, ' ' Cygne noir loti, Sauce italienne. . , . ''',',",,,' ' ENTHHEB . Salml'do Canarda Sauvages. *' > ' ' . ^ Anguilles à la liatelotto. , ' o i *? Fricandeau de Wombat aux eplnardii . . n > 1 l. .- PetitspHtésdeOrevcttea... ,-1 '.,.-i, Olives de kanguroo aux pstlti poliki. ,. ', -, ", i -r iî Barceljo« un truffes. , - ;. i -»* , « Bia de Veau.. . "', " ",.,. î-ayonnal>ode'Volaille.' .' ' *' ' ? , .glleti ds Plgçon Ma Victoria. "N-¡ = 1-) ', ,-* ' Petlts'pUtísaux huîtres." "i . . i J ii i ','. Vol, su vont il'Kcrovisso. *' 1 -??_ < Supreme tie Canard noir, ,' /-. tj'.ju »i . ii .-. i Currie d'Opossum. ( , , ( >, ,ft,., . ion i pd'I-aDiutotiJugiredau'll.yro.^ ,i ., ,7 ,5;ijr(' ?*lurrie,tl'Xorevlsse. ,. - ','., ,'-,,. 11.'«» p 3-ùijrP9»aI«« d'Hoja-rd1 dç%Äfg«rj.*'«.\"^} ' «"-«dil/ ki « .i-'* -;,. 'ii. .jiFti'J'.iZjA 'cv-'V-'.i i _, ,_.SECOfilJäKaVICK. _ Poro ipi? auxArcuToi f « Bacasalnos, S*roeilM *T' M Pluvier» Cailles Bárdelas aux Feuilles de Vignes. , 0 Oiseaux «fattie BKLKVPS Ponding do Nesselrodo glaco" i Pouding do Cabinet Pi udiug do So noule Pouding i\ l'Australie AliTREMItTS I Souffle d Oiango Ge'Co do Afarasquln -, Compotes des Poire« , 7 Ge'oe do ÏVo)»(i Blancmange« aux Amandes Tourt-H do Ci nservos ornés. Fromage a la CrOme Cröaiti do Litro i j Tar elet es de fruit« varios Fanchoiictto« A11 Vinillo Meringue d Pommes Crame do fraises. Chi doun JH luso Trifle : Gateau i à la Pyramide. Rondeau nu P«rme Macaroni au Oratin ZVjmafeo it I i iil.tlei(,h UFSSHIT FHUirs K1 SAISON Poires Ananas Bananes Fraises loo us ta. Pommes Oi.ngos 1 I nun s COVSEUVBS Prunes de Keino Claude. Pushes Prune de Damas Abricots rat ITS i tes Amandos i pr mea Groesos Noix J Kolx B rcelono. Baislns | Figues Noix de l'Amicdlor AR tho names of some of these birds, beasts and fishes will be new to many Luropean readers, we giyo the bill of fare m English also - E0UP3 Kangaroo, Kurray tuitlo, iced punch, c ayflih r Fisn Schnapper whltli g, buttor li h groy mullet Murray ccd, black Hill, slivor fish, fl undi ra golden porch, g rflsb, sole», pike, oyster lauco, lobster eauco, an- chovy inifo, shrimp sauce BFHOVSB Haunch of kangaroo, nativo companion wild duck and water crosses, boiled turkey, oindicoot, guinea fowl wallaby, patty of frogs, wa erheii, laroquut pie, b iled sprlngchiokoo, hams, w d iiir^cj, a eiiolducKS and groon peas, roast turkey, hulled rabbit, native piarcón, wombat, musk duck, (jap* Birren t,oo"p, roast spring chicken, tongues blacl Bwnn. £MT«ELS Salmi of wild duck, stowtd eels, fricandoau of wombat and spinach shrimp pat ii Js kang roo < lives and spinach, bruised teal and trulfH-, tweucbread-i and white sauce mayonaiso of fowl, di nts of natue pli oin, ( y.tor i atMes, oraj fish vol auvent ftipiemool black du k curried opomum, jugged ui »garoo, curriod crayfish, lnayonaieo t f Murriy lobster. SiCOND COUJISE Porcupine, teal, plovir, quail, snipe, wattle bird. REMOVES Nesselrode pudding iced, cabinet pudding, semolina pudding, Australian pudding ENTnEMk.TS Orango souffle, M«r»íchluojelJy, o mpo 03 of pears, Noyeau jelly, blancmange, cuitar J i opjn jam tarts, citron crû un, fiuit ians vanilla laiichoneUc» mc rlue no of apples, strawberry cream, Charlotte of apples, trillo p)ramld cake fondeau au parmesan, macare ni au gratin, Anuleiloljh cheese DrsSEKi IN BEA«ON - Pineapplo, banaeas, eli awborrieo, loquats p.ara, apples, oranges PnnsFiu tu -Piuais grcongages peaihes, apricots. DIIIEO-Almonds, walnuts, r.isiuB, prunes, Barce- lona nuts, figs THE VOLUNTEERS. Almost the only business of moment connooted with the volunteer movement during the past month has been the ro enrolment of the various corps, which has been vigorously proceeded with, for the moat part with highly satisfactory re suits No doubt is entertained that the full complement of each corps will be easily made up, and thus the spirit of the movement is as patriotic tis ever. Tho aspect of the companies aB they turn out for drill orparoda is exceedingly creditable 1 oth to officors and men, and it is easy to perceive the bteady progress of the military spirit arnon » all ranks Preparations aro on foot for tho next encamp- ment of the entire force It was originally tntr nded that it should take place on the Werribee River, on the same ground as that occupied at Easter, but the Government have changed the tenue in consequenoo of difficulties attending tho railway transit, and it is at present contemplated that the scene of the encampment shall be Woodend, the present torminus of the Victorian Railways, a place about fort) eight miles from Melbourne. The change of place has given rise to conmdorable correspondence, showing that public opinion is decidedly in favour of the Werribee. .IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. During the greater portion of this month and its predecessor, the mining population his been under the influence of one of those extraordinary migratory movements ti hieh occasionally prevail at this Boason of the year, with variable intensity. The New Zealand gold-fieldi have been the at- traction now, as those of the Snowy Rtvor, Por* Curtis, and rumours of the existence of on at Callao, were in former years. Up to the close of last week, no less than 12,140 persons had left this colony for Otago and Port Chalmers, al- lured by the reports of the rich yields of the newly-opened Tuapcka gold- fields. Of these, some 1,100 have returned utterly disappointed, while upwards of 1,B00 aro reported to be on the way back, and as many moro to be awaiting the means of following this example. This movement has seriously affected the re- turns of the. Immigration Department. Those for tho month of Suptomber aro complete for all ports of the colony. The arrivals numbered 1,160, and the departures 0,303, the balance being 8,143 ngainstthocolony. ThorieparturesforNowZeiland numbered 8,377, and the amvals thence only 178. From New South Wales, South Australia, and Tasmania, tho migration was in favour of this oolony. The arrivals from Great Britain num- bered 194, and the departures for 104. Tho de- partures for foreign ports wero in excesB of the arrivals by 326". These consisted entirely of Chineso. The ports of arrival were Melbourne, 1,140 ; Geelong, 11 ; all other ports, 9 ; and of departure -Melbourne, 0,159; Geelong, 144. The ages and sexes may bo thus olassed: Arrived, 863 adult males, 220 adult females, 32 malo aud 3G female children ; departed, 8,93b adult males, 244 adult females, 79 malo and 46 female children. The following digest of tho tables gives a clear insight into the migratory movements of the month : In the following table the arrivals and depar- tures are given monthly for nine months of the ,, year, compared with the corresponding période of , 1800\. It will be seen that while immigration has , fallen off this year to tho number of 5,024, emigration has increased to that of 8,559. The , balance for the first throe quarters of the year has been in favour of emigration by 7,793 : We repeat, for tho information of distant readers, that the population of the colony, ac- cording to the census taken in April, was as follows :-Males, 328,051 ; females, 2U,671 j total, 540,322. ?_ SPORTING. ; The racing season of 1861-62 has commenced j under brilliant auspices, the Jockey Club having ' i had a most successful meeting in their three days* . spring gathering. The most hopeful sign of the j times for the future of the turf of Victoria was to bo seen in the very superior field of throe-year« ' J olds brought out for tho Derby. It was not only j.the largest, but the best in quality, that ever contested a race for three-year-olds in the Bpring. ).The superior condition of the youngsters was also I remarked upon most favourably by the oldeyJt,* turfites of this and the neighbouring colonies, Tho ' | Two flhousajid Guiñe» Stakes, a quMi-r^rapiom colonial race, was camodofi by Mormon, sisyears, who may be considered to ba the beatson of Premier now running ; and his performances, with that o* others of the Premier stook, make Premier the present champion sire of Victoria. The stock ot Indian Warrior also show a quality whioh will advance the fame of their siro, his best filly, Pa- lestine, having won our Oaks m good style, on! subsequently ran a good third for the Derby. Ths -lying daughter of High Sheriff, Medora, ran second for both races. We have thus threj different strains of good blood in tho front rank, besides Camden, the winner of the Dar- by, described as of doubtful get, by Coa- rad or Warhawk, but judging from all points, most likely the progeny of the former. Conrad ¡B almost the last surviving son of the famous Camel, sire of the great Touchstone, himself the progenitor of an illustrious line of sires. In a fortnight, the Turf Club will take the field, and, judging from present appearanoos, ?will rival the pretensions of their more energetic competitor. The most interesting races witt be the Melbourno Cup, a bandioap race, having nearly fifty acceptances, intended to bo of tho character of the famous annual Chostor Cup - and tho Victoria Stakes for three year old oolts and fillies, in which the defeated in the Jookey Club, Oaks, and Derby can, as it were, move for a new trial. The provincial clubs, also, are up and stirring, and in due course the race mooting« of the present season up the country, will, be- yond all doubt, eclipse 'the success of past years, METEOROLOGICAL SUMMARY FOR THE MONTH OF SEPTEMBER. Periods of Five Days. Deg. fi2-2 56-9 52-5 ÍB-9 57'8 [Sept. 28 to Oct. 2] 5S'3 Tempemtnro of Ab? 77-0 I 84-6 PrAsrareofAlr. Inch. 30-2781 29-919 29 S42¡ 29-SiI Inch. 80'681 S0-1S2 30-174 29-963 80-004 Inch, 30-011 29-865 29 671 29-774 28-670 .581I29-3911 Inch. 30-315 29978 80-005 29-90.1 29-9U! 29787 29-822 (0-1) 0-691 Ó-7I5 0-705 0-767 0 6S0 Mean Temperature Dew point. Evap. Max. Solar Bad. Min. Terr. Bad. r «? Prevailing winds. South-westerly on the 3rd, light; N. and N.E. during the remainder of the period, generally moderate. ' . N. and N.B. on the 8th. 9th, and 10th, and night of the 11th, occasion- ally very strong; N.W. and westerly during remainder, fresh. W. and S W. on the 13th, 15th, and 17th, «Wong on the latter day ; F. and N E. on the 11th and 16th, strong. " W. and S.W. on the 18th, 19th, and 20th, generally very strong;! north-easterly on the 21st and 22nd, light. . _ N.W. on the night of tho 23rd, light ; south easterly during wmainderi o! 28rd, and on tho 24th, fresh^N. and N.B. on the 26th, 28th, and 27th, very strong on the evening of the 26th, and night and morning of the 27th; remainder 1'ghL . i V ' Variable and light on the 28th and 30th ; IS, andJJ.B. on tbo 29th and Oat Ju?t, generally .vgrjstrong '> -"-j*0 j N.W on the 2nd, very strong. 0-10 4-10 fi-68 6-38 5;S8i 1-52; Electricity. Kamber of Hours of Fog |Bain.|Dew. [Bau. ¡Snow NoTR---The barometer is reduced to 82deg. Fahr, the height of its cistern above the mean lovel of the sea bo ifig 120ft .'ho electrlu tension is indicated by Queto lct'a electrometer The observations made with the evaporation-gauge are registered at 8 a-m ; those made with_-he raln-gaugo aro | registered at 6pm.; and the amounts given represent the quantities for the previous 24 hours Tho rosults aro derived from hourly jobBorvations REMARKS. Sept. 3 to 7-Temperature of air, max, at 2 p.m. on the 0th ; min , at 6 -.t-u on the 4th. Pressure of air, max, at 11 a m on the 3rd , min , at 2 p m ort the 7th. Woatber fine wita the exception of th. i aiternoon of tbo 7th, when tboro was smart rain; I blicht fog on tho ovonlng of the 3rd, dow on the nights of tho _'n, 5bli, and Otb, and evening of the 1th; equally with dust clouds on tho morning of the 5th, color halo on the morning« of tho 6th and 0th, magnets not disturbed _ Sept. S to 12-Touiporatureiof air, jnax., at p.m. on the 9th ; min, at 0Ja m tin the 8th. Fres euro'of air, max, at S and 10 am, on the 8th; mln.j at 8 am, on tho 11th. Weather Ano on the Sth, night and morning of the 9th, anl aftornoon and evening ,of tbo loth, the remainder boisterous anl sboivory; rain on the night cr the 10th, evenings of the 0th and 11th, and aiternoon ol tho 12th ; lightning on the night of the 11th ; heavy squalls on the morn- ings and afternoons of tho 9th And 11th ; magnets not disturbed. Sept l8 to 17.-Temperature of air, max., at 8 an, 'on tho nth; min, at 4 n m on the 16th. PrcHsoro of air, max., at 9 a,m on the 13th ; min , at midnight on the 17th. Woathor fino on tho 1-th and 10th, the remainder unsettled and squally ; rain on the nlihts of the 18th, 16th, and 17th, and morn- ing p< the ¡lttli ; dew on the evenings of the 18th and ISlb, and nights of tho 14th and 10th ; dust squalls on tho ..morning ol the 10th; hoavy squalls with o. cislonalr smart rainahowors on the 17th; thunder storjptpn the evening ot the 17th ; lunar halo on the ovonlng of the 14th; slight disturbance in tho magnets on tgieeovenlng of tho 16th. EfpÇ)<>18 to 22-Temperature of air, max, at nooBo(On the 22nd; min., at 6 a.m. on tho 21st. rrcusuroof air, max., at 8 a.m. on the 21st ; min., at a Bim. on the 18th Weather unsettled and squally, wilrtjJie exception of the 21st, when It was fine ; raia on t_i¿afternoons and evenings of the 181b, 10th, anl S2od, night of the 19th atad morning of the 20th: halloa afwniooujof the 18th; dew on the nights of the 18th, Sls^-onctSSnd, and evening of the 20th ; hoavy (quail» on the 18fh and 10th ; thunderstorm on tho aftornoon of the 22nd Ji magnet! -slightly disturbed i on the oven -ngoftHé 20th. , i S_fitíí!3 tç -7.-Temperature of air, max1,, at 1pm on the ¿Bth-j min, at 5 a.m on the 28rd. Pressure of air, max., at 8 a.m on the 25th ; min., at 6 a.m. on the 27th. Weather generally fine, with the ex- ception of the 27th, wbon the» were frequent ralu sbowers, dow on the nights of tho 23rd, 25th, aal 20th, and on the evening of the 2.th ; squalls with dust on the aftornoon ,aud evening of tho 2flth, and night of the 27th; lightning on the evening ol the 27th¡.magnets notdlsturbod. ' i i ?- i Sant. 28 to Oct. 2.-Temperature of air, max., at 3 and 5 p.m. on fh(j 29th ; min , .at 6 o,m. on. the 29th. Pre*f*uro of ulr, max., at8 am. on the28th;Jmin, atJLQp.m. on October 1st Sky ov<rc«stton the 1st, T renialndor generally Uno ; heavy rain showers on the «votffiig ol the 2.1h, afternoon and oventng of the 1st, endni^ht.of the 2nd , slight dowton tho evening of tho&id;, soiiloal light on the evening, of the ¿Stn «noEOclobor 1st ; Ifgirtiilng on tho'night» of the 28th and October 1st, a-ojeveiit ngs ot the ESthand Oolobe. lit: .thunderstorm Jato iu tho evening of the, 1st; &¿&.l-d.uElts oh'the oveirajr of tho 1st, and nbrht and1 -namtaiofth.End j mvlfl*sn°taisturbod., "_? ? ,?i (For Professor Neumayer) J. BAUER. Flagstaff-hill Observatory, Oct 23. I ' ,",_,' CRICKET." "j' P^ ':' ' I To no portion of our community could the intelligence received by the last mail from Eng- land have been more rife with interest than to cur cricketers. After months passed in anti- cipation of some satisfactory arrangement being made, by, which an English eleven could be pre- vailed upon to visit their antipodean brethren after schemes had fallen through, not from look cf enthusiasm, but from want of organization, the news that Messrs. Spiers and Pond had, through their indefatigable agent and their own perseverance and liberality, suoceeded in over- coming all objections on the port of the Eleven, was most cordially received in this colony. Apart from cricket, the visit is looked upon as a meaUB of drawing the bond of union more closely between us and tho mother country; and for years to come an influeaos will be at work in England, arising out of the experience of our visitors, that will ope- rate most favourably upon this colony. They will find that Victoria is not in New South Wales -that the colonists are not all in a semi- savage state, und that so careful have they* been to en- courage a love of Anglo-Saxon sports, that alargo sum of money is annually spent in the improve- ment of cricket reserves, and that the in- terest attached to the Anglo- Victorian match is shared by all olasses of the community.. Bre the journals of this day aro delivered in England, the Eleven will have crossed tho wide expanse by which they aro now distant from us ; and in two months (at least we hope by that time) they will bave exchanged the Bnow and frost of Old Eng- land for the bright cloudless weather of Aus- tralia. As might be expected, the good news which arrived showed the necessity for immediate action on the part of our cricketers, and a geno Tal meeting was convened, at whioh a committee was appointed, consisting of the presidents of various clubs and other gentlemen who have al heart'the prosperity of cricket. Since that period, a letter has boen received by the committee from Messrs, Spiers and Pond, on behalf of the All England Eleven, challenging eighteen playera from tho Molbourne district to play a match on the 26tb, 27th, and 28th of December. In tho evont of the Eleven not having arrived by that time, the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th days in January are appointed, Messrs, Spiers and Pond mentioned eighteen as the number of Victorian players ; but the committee thought that number too small, and substituted twenty-two. For our otra part, we aro inclined to think that, for the firat match, eighteen will be sufficient; for, in the event of our men being beaten, they will then havo a greater chance in a second struggle, when four extra, men would be allowed them, Should it be decided that eighteen is to be the number so muoh the better, as it will conduoa to persuado our cricketers of the necessity of constant"praotice- of preparing themselves 'by well organizing a team to meet their formidable adversaries. We have some good men here, aad the only thing required of them is that thoy should play together, so as to have every man in the right place. That appears to bo the wish of | those who aro taking an activo interest in the i match ; and as soon as tho team is selected, no doubt ample opportunities will be given to j ad ja of caoh man's fitness. The season has already fceen favourably opened by the Melbourne Club ; a match between them and a good eleven from the rival club of Richmond lasting for-three afternoons, and terminating in favour of the Mel- bourne men. Stops have also been taken towards preparing for tho celobration of the annual inter- colonial match between Now South Wales and Victoria ; so that tho present season will bo full of interest to all lovers of cricket. The mora ! youthful clubs bave set to work in real earnest; and oh every Saturday afternoon the numerous reserves in the suburbs are the scenes of matones between first and second elevens. One wish seems to pervade all alike, that tho English Eleven may have a good voyage, and may feel gratified with their reception nero. I . AMUSEMENTS. I The great popularity of opera in Melbourne is l illustrated by tho fact that at a lime like the pre- sent, when the earnings of all classes are nraoh less than formerly, the Theatre Royal has boen filled every night for the last .month," and there aro no signs of abatement, either in tho nambsr of those who patronise the operatic entertain- ments provided by Mr. Lyster, or in the interest which they excite. " Don Giovanni " has been produced, with remarkablo success, and it says much for tho musical resources of the colony that the magnificent musio of this opera has been interpreted skilfully and effectively by an orchestra which includes an unusual number of excellent soloists. When we state, however, 'that ' " Martha " enjoyed a lengthened run, and appeared to be more popular than " Dpn Giovanni," we make an admissioit disparaging to the musical taste of the Mel- bourne public. But it must be remembered, on the otbor hand, that an opera-house in this .city is not, as in London and Paris, tbo exolasive resort of a highly-educated class, familiarized, from Iheir youth upward, with the bBSt works of - the best masters, and rendered fastidious, if not hypercritical, by the exquisite quality of the lyrical, entertainments submitted to them ; but that operas are played in Melbourne to a mixed audience, admitted to the theatre at Haymarket and Adelphi prices, consequently ad captandum, music possesses greater attractions for the bulk of our play-goers than classical compositions, and Verdis "Libiamo" receives moro ap Slauee than Mozart's "La ci darem la mano." [evertheless it is evident that "Don Gio- vanni" is steadily gaming ground inpublio estimation ; and should it run, as it pro- mises to do, for a fortnight, its mtrinsio gran- deur and beauty must force themselves upon the minds of oven tho least cultivated portion of tho audience. The following ¡s the cast of characters at the Theatre Royal :-Donna Anna, Miss Lucy i Eacott; Zerlina, Miss Rosalie Durand; Donna Elvira. Miss Ada King; Don Ottavio, Mr, Squires ; Don Giovanni, Air. Farquharson ; tho j Commandant, Mr. Kitts; Leporello, Mr. F. LjB.er ; and Masetto, Mr. Trevor. Every atten- tion has boen paid to scenic effect, and the artist ef Um establishment occasionally produces illus- trations worth)\of Telbin or Boverley. Besides tho operas mentioned above, the following have i been played during the past month :-ha ' Traviata, Lucia di Lammermoor, La Favorita, Ii Tiovatoro,' Der Freischütz, tho Bohemian Girl, Maritana, Norma, and Fie, Diavolo. At tho Princess's Theatre, " Barnaby Budge," dramatized by Mr. Fawcett, has been played with considerable success. The ordinary company of the establishment was reinforced for the occasion hy the addition of Mr. and Mrs. Clafsnco Holt and Mr. Hoskins, and a strong and efficient cast was, thus secured. Most of Hablot' Browne's illustrations of tho story as it originally appeared «Are reí roduced in the shape of tableaux. Mr. Hoskins was odmimble as Chester, Mr. Holtgavo n tigorous picture of Havedale, the Miss Miggs of Mr. Geo. Fawcett was a clever piece of eccentric comedy, and Miss Rosa Dunn's Bamaby Budge was truo to the original, as also was Stewart's John Willett. A "sensation drama,".or what used to be called a " thrilling melodrama," en- titled "The Pnates of the Savannah," "has boon likewise produced at this house, but it wa3 a sorry affair, although much enjoyed by the au- dience, and very well put upon the stago. ",Col leenBawn" has been again revived, and is still attractive. r n 1 MM. Poussard and Douay have boon engaged to give a series of eveniug concerts at the Exhi- bition now opon in this city, and their brilliant peiformances tell porooptibly 'upon the number of the visitors, tho building being sometimes so crowded that circulation, becomes impracti- cable. Mr. Charles Young and Mr. J. Ç.Lambert havo proceeded to Sydney, and Air, and Mrs. Heir ara fulfilling a lengthened engagement in Adelaide. Sir William and Lady Den are on a professional visit to Sandhurst, and are announced to roturn to tho Theatre Royal, in this city, on the 11th of November, when they will'no doubt play to gool houses if theyproducosome dramatio novelties COMMERCIAL. The Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation ' Company's steamship Benares arrived at this por* on the 8th instant, with the English maila of the i 26tb August-throe days before thoy wore due. iThe advices received byi this vessel have not tended to lighten the markets 'in ' any way. The possible good to flow from the reduced rates of money in London was more than counterbalanced in effect by the certain information of increased shipments of merchandise and provisions to the 'Australian ooldnios.' ForJ some time past, tha colony of Victoria has bpon making steady stride» as a producing country,, until she now oooupies a ' ' position of independence o£o thor Jands, with regard 1 to the great staple articles of general consumption. .Should the coming harvest fulfil the promises which the fine season at present holds out. the breadstuff, produced within the colony will ba sufficient fotjthtj consumption of its inhabitants, ; without drawing on the large stocks of foreig i I wheat and flour which will be on hand. In other cereals, the several colonies can interchange their produce to the full extent of the requirement, of , the whole. The same can be aLtnoat said of but- ter, chees«, bacon, hams, and aome other staple I arboles of the provision trade,' 1 Under these circumstances, the prospect of a glutted market roust bo, a .cause of anxiety alike to the producer and the i_aport-r, each foreseeta; the possibility that the competition of tho other may lead to general Joss by' the compelled ! lacrifiae of articles at price« which will not oorar ? 1 the cost of producing and bringiBg to market. > While the general oetuumer would, for the tim profit from the existence'of such asiate of thins«, the injury Inflicted on two great interest« would j tf^9T«r0la-t3tb«erei^aalroMdoaoj-«UQtaWsa ' certain.! ^The, neighbouring colonies 'are, how- ever, already looking' about them for now.markots if or their surplus produce, while bronches of ma- nufacturing industry aro springing up in thom as in Victoria, in anticipation of corning plenty and moderated fluctuations. The consequences of a £ lut maybe avoided, and tho general cheapness of provisions may, in tho natural course of ovonts, lend to a ponod of general prosperity and, advancement. Such general well-being and em- ployment of the population would load to in- creased consumption of all necessary artioles of food and clothing. In tho consumption of articles of luxury, the rate per head of the population is still ureatly in excess of that of any other oountry in the world. Leaving somo few oxoeptional articles out of tho quostion, the demand in this i respect is not likely to increase, but rather ti I diminish, as tho habits of the colonists beooma moro settled arid moro steadily industrious. Ia all calculations for the Bupply of our wants, this must be borne in mind, as must also the faot that at present the Australian colonies ard* adding comparatively littlo to their populations by immi- gration. I It will bo gathered from these remarks that our prospects for tho coming year are not vary clear, oxot-pt in tho certainty that all articles of food will be plontiful and cheap. Whether tho course of commerce will be prosperous or other- wise, will dopend equally, if not moro, on tha prudence and foresight of shippers to the Aus- tralian markets, t,o the exhibition of these quali- ties by producors, and by those engagod in oater ingfor the wants of consumers. The former will havo fo tako into their calculations the contin- gency of a revised tariff, and the imposition of duties on mauy articles now admitted freo. O a Tuesday next, the Treasurer will make his finan- cial statement, when the increasing demands on the exchequer for the interest on the publio dobfc will be considered. Should tho existing Ministry íetaiu offioo, swooping changes aro promised. To the ueneral condition of the colony the retenue tables for tho year and quarter ending the 30th September, bear their UBual testimony. The general rovonuos for the year, oxclusivo oE special funds, amounted to £2,919,083 15s. 4d., I against £3,121,4119s. 3d. for tho former period, I showing a ftilling-off of £205,32713?. Uti. For the quarter the total was £6-10,048 Us. Gi., against £786.0S9 9J. lid. for the third quarter of 1800\. In both periods, the decrease is duo direotly to the f alling-offin the fund derived from the sales of Crown louds. For the quarter this falling oï amounted to .?107,939 5s. 8d., and for tho year to ¿257,2G3 D-i. Id. The Customs department shows a continued and steady declino of £13,201 for tho quarter, and of £48,319 12s. lOd. for the)ear. In the miscellaneous items, "water rates" are set down at ¡£25,000, and this sum is slated as an increase on both tho year and the quarrer. The other items of rovenue do not call for special remark. The revenues of the Post Office have steadily increased. The railway income has mounted up rapidly, as inoreasod facilities for passenger and goods traffic have been offered. Tho statement is not a very satis- factory ono on the whole, but the chief causes oE the falling off havo been foreseen, and the re- sults anticipated. Taking the table for the quarter in detail, wa find n marked falling off in the Customs depart- ment. Tho decrease in the spirit duty amounted to £12,458 (wo omit fractions) ; in witto, £1,143 ; in tobacco, £4,098; in cigars, £823; in aoffoe, £381 ; and in the export duty on gold. £9,283. Thero was an inoreaso in beer of £5,143, in toa of £4,655, in sugar of £5,192, and in opium of £7. Tho entire duties paid on spirits distilled ia tho colony for the later period was £615, against £091 for tho earlier period. In the gold-fields department there wa3 a decreaso of £1,816 ia miners' rights, and an inoreaso in business licences of £162, m loases of auriferous lands of £52, and in escort and custody feos of £16. Ia ports and haibours, thoro was an increase of £675 in tonnage, and of £34 in pilotage In thi land sales fuud the decrease was, as we have already had occasion to notioo, £107,933. , Under the head of licences, there was aa increase in assessment on stock of £263, ia do pasturing on Crown lands of £521, in other \- occupition licences of £628, in publicans' liconoas of £4,075; in auctioneers' liconoes of £50, and of uneuumc-rated licences of £343. The docrons under this hoad was-in spirit merchants' licences of £158, and in brewers' heenoos of £940. In feo J of court thoi o was n decrease in the Supreme Court of £1,485, and in the County Court of £43, mid a decrease in Courts of Mines of £7, Courts of Petty Sessions of £88, mid all other courts of ¡£007.'- In fines and foifeiturcs there was an in- cienso in tho Supreme Court of £262, and a de- crease in Courts of General Sessions of £15, Petty Si£sionsof£76,andinallothorunesof£194. Under,1 the head of miscellaneous thero was an increase of £25,000 in water ra'es* of £245 in rents, ex- clusive of-land; in the Govornmont Printing office of £293, in the Electric Telegraph depart- ment of £579, in storage of gunpowder of £L03, in railway income of £15.543, and in the sale of Government property of ¿6305. The items of de- crease were-passenger rates, £310; Chiuosa rates, £1,313; unolaimed poundages, £575; labour of prisoners, £70; all other receipts, £2,589. Taking the items of the year, wo find the your ending September 30, 1SG1, compares still moro unfavourably with the year ending Soptoul her 30,1860, than does tho quarter. There WA? a decrease m tho spirit duties of £25,804, in boor of £13,404, in tobacco of £2,090, in coffee of £2,739, in sugar of £8,137, in opium of £2,503, and in tho export duty on gold of £5,982._ Thora was an increase in wine of £1,141, in cigars of £387, and m tea of £11,418, There was an in- ciense in the duty on spirits distilled in Victoria of £528, In the .department of the gold-fiolds lhere WOB a decrease in miners' rights of £2,291, and in escort and custody feos of £42. Thoro WJS an inoreaso in business licences of £4,138, and ia leases of aunforous lands of £0,205. In Ports and Harbours thero was a doorcase oE £3,741 ia tonnage, and of £30 in pilotage, The not de crcuto in the proceeds of tho sales of Croara lands amounted to £257,263. In licences the fluc- tuations aro not important. There was a decrease in tho assessment on stock of £3,539, on depasture licences of £426, in other occupation liconoes of £l,85ö,, in auctioneer;.' of £239, and in spirit merchants' of £299. There was an increase in tho following -.-Publicans', £3,694 ; brewers', £134; all other licences, £255. In the Post- ónico Department .there was an increase of £4,208. In the feos roooived by the Sunroni) Ooutt thero was a decrease of £5,478 ; County Courts, £137 ; Couits of Minos, £78; Courts of Petty Sessions, £99 ; and in other fees of £1,252. In the miscellaneous items, water rates ara ort dited with the inoreaso of £25,000 ; rents, ox- clusivo of lands, with £494; storage of gun- powder, £581;'railway income, £56,579 ; sale of Government property, £2,082 ; all other receipts, £50,319, The following items exhibit a falling off:-Passenger rates, £T,031 ; Chineso rato, ±23,912 ; unclaimed poundages, £3,996 ; Go ' vcrnment Printing-office, £258 ; labour of pri- soners, £2,553; Electrlo Telegraph, £2,831. In our summary of tho 26thult., woannounoad that the tenders for the dist quarter of a million of the Victorian portion of the Railway Loan were to bo opened on the 1st inst. This was dons accoidingly, and the whole parcel has boen taken up. The Government had resolved to issue this hatch in the following quantities, the entire paroal having twonty-five years to run from the dato. £125,000, in debentures'of £100 each, dated 1st October, 1858; £62,500, in debentures of £50e»oh, dated 1st October, 1860 ; £18,750, in debentures of £25 each, dated 1st October, 1860 ; aal ¡£43,750, in debentures of £10 each, dated 1st Ootober, 18G0. Upon tho opening of the tondars ît was found that while the debentures of £10) and £50 eaoh were eagerly sought after, tho3o at £25 and £10 had called forward but fow tenders. Fifty-five tenders were received, namely-2,103 for £100 debentures, 1,425 for £50 debentures, 72 for £25 debentures, and 210 for £10 debentures. It was announced, after the tenders had boon ra ceived, that £102 had been fixed upon as tho minimum price for £100 debentures. .The total sum tendered for amounted' to £285,750, and o£ ibis sum £251,350 were at rates at and above tho minimum. The Government, under thesoclrouu stanoes, determined to altertho classes of the de- bentures, according to the wants of the publia., The following is a list of the accepted ten- ders!- ' ' ' ' Hate pee I Cant. of Pri- mi am offered. John K. Freyer (Ove tendered tor, otASOeaoh) .. .. .. . Samuel'Wood (one tflnderedfor, of filOO)'.. ~ i, 3 B Ellerkor .. W. B. Collyu« .. D. W. Oosaett .. Charles Kernot ' ' Do .. 'J. B. Were and Son ' i Do. ..' .. Do. .. Do. .. X. Finlayson, Secretary Melbourne mid Hobson'« Bay Ballway W.H. Pettett .. .. '.. Do. Do..i -- J. Henty, OhairmanSavlBgs'Bank y.3. Martin .. , .. .. ' . Do.,, .. ; . Wm. Elson .. .. .. Iibind and Turner. D. and O. Coghill .. '.. ' . A, O. Hodgson.. ' .. - >'. &. Slater i '- ,.o <..,.. I..J ,, II. Creswick .. .. ' .. E B Elliott W. II Florance. W, O. Connell, O. , Watson, W- M- -"?.«« ' .'. H B, Atkinson .. '.. ,!¿ 3 H Douglass.. , j." > .."-.> '/. V'llell'car r> .. >?'?< ,'.- ' -'-> G W.Colo '"i .(.. J. B rWero and Bon ' Í. J Wakiflold '-.. ,,. eso 100 1,000 8,690 " 800 > 600 500 150 2,100 2,000 2,000 20;000 2,000 . 800 200 187,600 8,100 1,800 1,000 «0 , £50 '700 2,000 ' , >100 45,000 S61.76 SIS P 210 *-!b 400 ,8. iOoK'S'-i <8~ iii mi > "'sV "^.Theyield of the gold-fields has -oarcely been ^tnaintain-din the face of the migratory move- ment whioh has been going on. The escorts de livered at the Treasury yesterday 37,007 ouncoi, against 43,999 ounces forthoeorresponding weekot last year. For the post threo months the esoorSs have brought down 472,848' ounces, agauut 499,021 ounces for tho corresponding thro, months of 1860. Taking the weekly esoort returns as approximate merely of the yield of o.r gold-fields, we find the resulta for the weeks aid for the years up to date : 1801. 1869. Castlemaine Maldon .. Eandhurst Eeathcoto Bushwortlt ,. Amherst.. .. maryborough .. Sack Creek .. Dunolly Inglewood " Tarnagulla Ballarat .. _. Creswick Clunes .. Bocchworth "yackandandah Chiltern Mono's Crook .. ¡Totals for tho weeks Previous escorts TotalWortho years ..11,525,118 0 os dwt. 4,128 IO 2,144 0 8,787 10 951 IO 797 IO 848 O 1,400 IO 2,866 IO 2,865 0 250 0 2,917 0 1,511 0 1,180 0 8180 IO 1,576 IO 8,161 0 4,280 0 87,007 0 1,4S8,U1 0 oz. dwc. 8,895 10 8,682 0 8,030 ' 0 1,707 10 988 0 858 10 849 10 984 0 2,070 0 7.566 0 28 0 £.578 10 2,468 0 9.0 0 6,459 0 1,476 10 2,414 0 43,499 0 1,620,468 0 1,068,967 0 Tho osoorts from Castlemaine, Sandhurst. Mary SÄÄ"«^ « weekly'; ^ In tho following table the quantities brought into Molbourne weekly by the escorts from all the gold-fields are given separately for three months, ending to-day. In the last column SodBofÄ:-e tota'a f0r the «""»Wàlng 1727 1396 1005] 1228 1341 911 1758J 11501 1315 789 818 £21 250 8205 4245: 5336 4293 4586 816. 6547 3177 6491 8663 18307 4330 14128 222S 2014 1569 1581 2853 1403 2144 4,665 -.238 6,728 0,553 8,946 7.272 4,970 6,090 7.181 5,623 5,-38 11054]! 808 1268 903 1327 740 992 8(4 1446 j 1221 718 1332 10621 995 848,1407 16441 1398| 2039 1876 22S2 1940 1611 _t o a = 3 'S. _s_ s mo 1203 1691 1800 1453 1426 1130 1424 1504 -386J13-3, 3605 1497 3i8ilisna 4224 3161 847 797 443 536 410 1442 1851 186 1430 992 1402 1417 1956 The' average weekly amount rocoived by escort during the third quarter of tho year amounted to 36,399oz. Subjoined is a state- ment of the average weekly escorts for the several quarters since the beginning of 1857 : Weekly Average. 1st qr... 2nd qr. . 8rd qr... 4th qr... 43,818 44,403 51.3(0 63,011 41,925 45,290 48,236 43,017 . oz. 41,932 44,417 44,523 80,084 oz, 87,08. 39,517 40,204 87,723 88,713 83,887 36,390 The banks are now buying gold at tho rate of £! 13s. Gd. per ounce for standard on tho gold-field*. This, with the export duty of 2s. Gil. per ounce, brings the costón board ship to ¿3 lGs. per ounce, exclusive of charges. At this rato, the prices of gold from the various districts may bo stated at Omeo, Upper Yarra, Shady Creek, £3 9s. 3d. to ¿3 Us. 3d. ; Dandenong, Jamioson's, and Big River, £3 12.. Cd. to £3 14s. 3d. : Castlemaine, Bendigo, and Mountain Creek, £3 lös. Gd. to £3 15s. 9d.; Crooked River, Boggy Creek, Cale- donia, and Anderson's Creek, £3 lCs. 3d, ; Mary- borough, Dunolly, Avoca, and Raglan, £3 17s. ti £3 17s. 9d. ; Creswick and Brown's, £3 lGs. 3d, to £3 17s. 9d. ; Ballarat and Ovens, £3 l8*. 9d.j With the prospect of a reduction of Is. in tho f xport duty on gold-namely, from 2s. 6d. per ounce to Is. Cd.-there has anson among th.3 miners a disposition to hold back tboir parcel» until the consequent rise of Is. per ounce will How into their pookets. In instituting a com- parison between the statistics of this and previoui years, this fact must be borne in mind. The Kent cleared out last «eck with the largest shipment of the year-105,fi03oz. This, added to the previous" shipments, l,479,200oz., brings the total of the year up to l,B84,803oz., or C6 tons 2qr. 161b. Hoz. troy, ot the value, at £4 per ounce, of £6,339,212. Up to the cor- responding date of last year, the shipments amounted to l,G45,554oz., or C8 tons llcwt. lqr. 41b. Coz., of the value, at tho same rate, of £6,582,210. The following is a list of the gold ships which have sailed since the 1st of August : Date of Sailing. Aug. 8 ., 12 " 19 " 26 Sept. 16 Ship. Destination. Ounces. Prlnoo Consort . anglesey .. King of Algeria . Benares, .. lion burgh Castle Wonga Wonga . Joshua Bates Wellesley.. '. «aiietto .. City of Sydney . ICont Calcutta.. London .. Bombay.. Point do Callo. London .. .ydnov .. 'long Kong ' . .ondon .. . »oint do Hollo . -ydney .. London .. 2,318 72,833 1,63) 51,641 60.39. 129 7,001 70.081 01,701 The quarterly returns of tho banks have not 5'et been published in a completo form. So far as can bo gathered from tbuBe which havo boon . gazetted, theso establishments have made little change m their policy. They are still keeping their commercial paper in check, rather than in- creasing the .accommodation. The uncertain state ot the country trade has led to this. With some 10,000 customers the less on the gold-fields, trade has naturally suffered during the month. Business has been dull, and money diffioult. The banks have reduced their rates of exchango to par for sixty days' sight, 1 per cent, for thirty days', and 1J per cent, for small sums at sight. The rate charged by the Peninsular and Oriental Company for tho transmission of gold and bullion from Melbourne to the Bank of England, is l¡f per cent, including insurance. The Oriental Bank Corporation charges for thirty days' exchange-On Bombay, Calcutta, Madras, 2s. Id. per rupee; China, fis. Id. per dollar; Ceylon, 3Ä per cent, premium ; Mauritius, _i. 2d. per dollar ; Singapore, 4s. lid. per dollar. The i local rates of discount stand at, for tiro) months', 8 per cent. ; for three months', 9 per cent. ; for four months', 10 per cent. Interest ia allowed on time deposits at the following rates :- For.dopo-iU at thirty days' notice, from 1¿ to 2per cent, per annum; at three months' notice, from 2 to 2£. per cent. : at,six months' notice, from 4 to 4J per cent. The Belling prices of exchange OB Bncland are at 1 per cent, pre- mium , for sixty days' sight, 2 - per cent, for thirty days', and ¡2. per cent, for small sua« underiÇ... , j ; , i "- i "'., , - j 1 i The following'table, pring' a comparât! va I'Ctatement of the revenues of,Victoria, reoetred into the Treasury,' Melbourne, during the quart«« «pii yean ending . 3Qih . September USO and 1801 .espootiyely-is reforrad to Ja our, open"" jnc remarks :- ' . ' <.'" '" '" ' "J HEADS or It-Vim ÜB. tjnartor onding "7oaronding 80th- I 80th 80th I 80th Sopt,, Sept., Sopt, Sept., 1800\. I 1801. 1860. 1881. 1.-G-8T0MS. Import Duties Oil Spirits Wine.. Beor .. Tobacco , Cigars Toa .. Coffoo Sutrar mid molasso3 .. Opium Export Duty Oil gold.. Total Customs.. II.-Doty OK Sri KITS DtSTI-IiED itt VICTORIA .. III.-Gow. Minora' rights .. BuBinoss licences.. leases of aurlfor ouTlands, ¡io... Escort and cus- tody foes Total gold IV. - POUTS ANO HAitooims ' Tonnage .. Pliotago (at out ports) .. V.-PROCEEDS OF ins SAM OF CROWN LAtiDS VI.-I/ICKH0ÍS. Assessment i fook .. Eopasturo i U'oiyn lands Other occupation Publicans' Spirit morcliants' Auctioneers' Browei-' .. All other licences Total HccncoB ., VII.-PoSTAon., VIII.-Fuss. Suproino Court . Oonoral Sosslons & CoitntyCouits.. Courts of Mines .. Courts ol Petty Sessions All othor feos Total foos 161,814 0,308 17,272 88,109 5,168 10,711 4,r 10,834 3,550 70,716 149,858 8,160 22,415 84,100 4,835 21,867 4,1 25,026 8,557 11,425 657,762 42,713 76,674 154,817 24,817 115,610 19,044 121,886 15,084 261,184 631,0 H 43,8~>t 63,16} 151,61) 24,733 1-7,029 10,305 113,197 13,431 255,15 340,940 833,7481,488,814: 12,082 4,280 2,117 1,440,495 2,764 10,-00, 41,562 4,442 18,605 4,244 180 10,018) 5,109 5,199 243,537 87,055 210 4,472 17,676 COO 8,263 03,643 8,185 8,076 4,0421 17,118 5,S75| 84' 80,507 37,310 733 5,100 21010 74,178 0,700 10,20: 42,831 22,743 10,419 137 75,8-2 20,900' 142 21,102 782,3701 , -80,000 27,384 18,034 52,875 12.2Í2 5,250 850 18,100 305,805 103,810 81,508 5,854 1,150 11,000 10,8001 17,215 112 17,827 625,107 232,52!) 26,907 10,177 60,569 11,922 5,021 931 13,425 803,610 118,114 26,021 5,217 1,071 11,5» 15,543 00,408| 59,303 IX.-Firns AND] FoRraTtmKs. Supremo Court .. General Sessions! and County Courts .. . I Courts of Pottyj Sessions All pthor fines and' lbrfeiluros X. - MtSGKtiLANK OtIS. Water ratoB "Passoiigor rates . Chlnoso ratcB Dnclaiiued pound- ages Bents, evcluslvoot lands Government Priu-| tor Labour, prlsonorsl Electric Tolograph Storage of gun- powder Hallway ineomo.. Salo of Govern- ment proporty., Allothorrccolpts. Not doorcase on] the quartor I« etdecreaso on yr, 45 io| 1,708| 1,011 2,871] l,50l| 7,213| 1,501 8i2j -r I 5,784] 151 40,7061 110,010] 2,860| 25,000 1,250 5,000 1,( 658] 0,361] 257' 87,0091 1,092 1,030 980 66 8,702 2,267 12,000| 0,152] 40,338| 9,282 2.23SJ 0,057 0,181 27,103 682 81,655 2.114 17,707 208,730 3,121,1111 2,019,0851 205,827! 7,831 8,0» 25,000 5,120 22,126 6,709 8,027 24,887 1,114 (141,235 1,197 08,023 300,201 (2,910,03î SrEOiAii FUNDS I'ollcoroward fund] Ponai establish- ment fund 1 Tolls fund '.Trust fund Police hospital] fund .. 1,5U] 50 83,183 15,717 1,110 28,038] 6,818! 171 7,111] 219,0101 0-J,217l ostl 10,118 74 225,532 80,138. D10 Thesharo markothas boen heavy throughout tua month, buyers having boon scarce, except for bank ' and insu-Anco shares. Prices of established joint stock companies' shares aro however looking up, excepting mining companies, which now stand lower than ever :-Tho following sales wore ra ported last week.-On Monday, Bank of Ney South Wales, £33 ; Geelong Gas Compiny .13 13s. ; Linscott's Reef (raining), Ils. 0<i Tuosday ¡-Colonial Bank of Australasia, at T o152', » .Nntio1101 H«ik of Australasia, io Sa. bd. ; Australasian Insurance, £1 8s. Od, . Colonial Insurance, 12s. 0J. ; Melbourne and Suburban Riilway, 5s. ; Long Oully Raaf (mining), Is. Cd. ; Sandy Creek- Poverty Raaf (mining), 5s. On Wednesday :-Melbourne and Hobson s Bay, at £41 ; Atlas (mining), 2s, 61. . Tyson's Reef (mining), 4s. 6d. On Thursday : Colonial Bank "of Australasia shares at £*> 10s. ; Notional Bank of Australasia, £3 10s. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway, £41, Ool Friday :-Geelong Gas Company's shares, al £3 13s.; and of Bolinda: (mining), at 0s. Gd. ; «ad Maryborough (mining), at 4s. On Saturday -, - Australosian Insurance Company, £1 8s, 01. - Ocolong Gas Company, £3 13s. The latest trans notions may bothus stated- National Bank, 70s. to 71s. ; Bank of Now South Wales, 35A o. d. ; Bank «f Victoria, 33 f ; Goolong Gas Co., £3 13s. . Australasian Insurance Co., 28a. Gd. ; Melbourne Insurance Co., 5s. 6d. ; Victoria Liff and Gonoral, 4Cs. ; Hobson's Buy Railway, £41; Melbourne and Suburban Railway, 10s. Tho^ following is a statement of tho traffij returns of all tho railway lines in operation in Victoria for tho month of Septcmbor, with tho exception of tho Essendon, Iho roturas of which, have not yet boen published periodically : Pos .songors. Total, Govonimont Linos Melbourne and Hob- son's Bay Melbourne and Sub- urban St. Kilda and Brigh- ton ., 3093 0 3104 2 11 718 0 8 1580 6 ll| 2591 2 £ s. d. 11SI5 11 ¡$ 0539 8 8 2101 Z 11 718 S 8 ! ,We have had occasion to call attention in our I last three summaries to the position of the Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company. Aa »ttompt at an amalgamation of this company with j tho Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Raliway Com- pany has led to negotiations botweon the tw boards of direction, and tbo basis of an agreement has been so far decided on as to load to tit) beliof that a junotion of tho two interests will bs effected. So far as wo are in possession of tho facts, tho proposed leading features aro, that the bonds of tbo Suburban Company will bo madi mortgages on tho Suburban Railway, and seconl mortgages on the Hobson's Bty Company, on wbioh there exists only £100,001) of mortgages, or one quartor only of the paid up capita!,' It i» Sroposed that the Bbaro capital of tho Ilobsoa'-t :»y Company bo raised from £400,000 to £600,000, whioh it is estimated will be sufficient to connect tho two stations and complete the Suburban line ; 'ibis capital (£600,000) to have a prêteront claim, after the satisfaction of which, it is proposed that the surplus earnings be divided rnteably with tbo paid-up oapital of tho two companies. This' arrangement, if effected, will relievo tho directors I of tho Suburban Company from their present liabilities vritb. regard to tho advauco of £32,000, i and will securo to the Colonial Bank of Austral- asia a valuable consideration for their loan. There cannot be a doubt that, with1'the faoilitio- j which the Hobson's Bay Company can 'bring into Îilay, a great reduction in working expanses cam io made, and, with' one staff, something ' like £5,000 saved in salaries alone. ' 'I 1 Sales of the following stations have been, j effected since tho departure of the last mail : Calemo Station, on tho Edward River, N. S. W., for £14,550, with 1,300 head 'of cattle (this run will carry about 10,000 sheep) everything given in. The Packa Runs, on tho Murrumbidgee , River, N. S. W., together with 0,000 head of selected catUo, fot the sum of i £40,000-.a liberal termB. The East Thelangerin Station, with two back blocks, on, tho Laohlau Rivar, having ton milos frontage to tho same, together with 8.000 sheep, for'tho Hum of £12,000. 'Peron £5,000 cash ; remainder at one and two years, delivery to bo given in January next, » j We havo already spoken of the prospects 'of the coming year. It may be gathered from our jemarks that tho present condition of trade is uu 'íatísfaclory. Consumers have boon decreasing by thousands while stocks at the seaports havobaon ¡ncreasing. Tho returns for the past week give the itiiports at Melbourne at the declared value I of '¿250,6715, and thb exports at £303,080. i'OMd' tpeoie tras Imported to'the value of 1 £20,000,' and silver'speolo was'exported to that of'£2,000 . Among tho exports we notice the following article, cf colonial produce :- Black sand (tin), 26 toas s' cop'per,,4G tonsjflonr, 25tons ; p-ldi82,G02ouncBïT l hoy,-43 tons; hides, 12,681 No, Live stock-' -horses,-64 iXo.;-sheep, 4,600 Jib. : potatoes, 29 tons; skins, 1,600 No, : tallow, 28j tons ; wool. 75,0001b.; In toé following table, the imports and exports are given woelrjyJforK the' curreiit Jyaar"" side by side with those of 1860, together with the ' totals up to date :- . Imports, Week I ending; | I860. Exports. JlBol. 80 April 6 Hay July Aug. Sept. £ 111,798 872,812 176,016 104,511 156,888 131,905 102,611 834,811 287,927 801,861 201,080 105,971 121,181 821,221 160,179 170,615 160,101 177,780 212,610 153,281 88,482 200,821 216,602 805,177 280,930 248,861 125,028 85,811 140,111 93,877 517,041 229,208 08508 209,740 £49,783 817,780 248,678 277,704 291,054 160,899 £ 180,166 301,167 181,189 100,471 827,705 197,193 821,011 117,112 111,608 269,869 1218,602 253,991 221,001 165,681 81,817 206,181 809,121 265,708 801,907 261,809 181,274 172,511 119,895 198,472 181,700 125.201 219,333 202,860 847,136 120,500 821,071 190,176 130,761 198,822 202,789 £18,051 198,813 398,789 191,007 267,680 268,511 260,675 185,822 167,188 [11,902,162110,816,189 I 9,101,745 I 0,502,132 872,839 116,127 217,198 171,618 189,192 229,230 869,796 206,688 178,271 188,620 226.C00 184,091 180,058 818,080 40,683 257,481 187,083 190,101 38,715 269,161 264,864 284,210 71,402 184,870 275,122 58,948 801,026 09 371 816,838 60,810 601,047 189,800 78,780 812,774 47,014 101,762 65,164 833,71! 826,183 « 216,810 282,112 217,280 180,693 291,913 80,825 270,010 201,257 859,083 85,161 802,283 10,987 297,021 16,871 292,781 289.278 116,975 89,182 199.877 198,570 825,995 217,223 87,861 182,925 161,779 110,500 211,676 111,300 299,218 815.601 05,852 280,881 120,214 116,519 178,180 74,297 112,672 101,595 802,019 HO 912 61,212 899,080 In tho first period the account stood thai : Import* _ .£11,002,162 Exports .. _ .. .. 0,401,715 Balance of Imports over exports .. £2,440,417 In tho second period t'- Importa .£10,816,489 Exports .9,502,138 Balanco of imports ovoroxports,. .. £811,007 The following is a statement of the stooks of dutiable goods in bond at the port of Melbourne on the 21st of Ootober :-Colonial distilled spirits, 1,696 hhds. ; brandy, 4,550j hlids. 44,951 cases; rum, 2,054J hhds. 23.cases; goneva, 52} hhds., 37,935 rod 6,207 groen oases; whiskey, 783*. hhds. 18,788 oases; old tom, 631 j hhds. 16,317 cases; oordials, 2,758 cases: spirits ot wine, 82} hhds.; other spirits, 82 hhds. 3,297 cases ; wino, 3,129 hhds. 11,592 cases ; ' beer, 6,798 hhds. 5,318 cases and casks ; tobaooo, 2 bhda., 24 casks, 265 bales, ß tiorces, 1,1531 half-tierces, 177 quarter-tierces, 139 kegs, 6,055 three-quarter boxeB, 5,897£ cases and boxes ; cigars, 612 cases ; snuff, 67 packages; tea, 27,465 chests, 19,188 half-chests, 15,550 boxos ; coffee, 1,568 bags, 2 tioroes, 387 casks, 100 barrels ; sugar, 2,794 bags raw : chioory, 467 packages ; opium, 35 ohestsi 307 packages. Stocks on hand of tho Victoria Sugar Company-Sugar, re- fined, 576 tons"; raw, 1,281 tons; in prooess, 469 tons ; treaolo, 534 tons : total, 2,860 tons. At the port of Geelong tho imports for the past week amounted to tho declared value of £9,203, and tho exports to £1,593. Tho de- liveries of dutiable goods for consumption were as follow -.-Brandy, 786gal. ; geneva, 876 gal. ; rum,427inl. ; whiskey, 293gal. ; beor, 4,861 gal. ; tobacco, 2,3211b. ; tea, 4101b. The stooks in bond wore - Brandy, 27,708gal. ; rum, ll,437gal. ; gonova, 2G,622gal. ; cordials, 281gal. ; perfumed spirits, 32gal. ; gin, 44,888gal. ; other spirits, lgal. ; wine, 223gal. -, beer, 13,250gal. ; tobacco, 61,0061b. ; cigars, 2591b. ; snuff, 6001b. ; tea, C9,9651b. IMPORTS At the Port of Melbourne from the 15th Sop tomber to 12th Ootober, 1861, compared with the corresponding period of 1860. Agricultural im ptomontfl ,. Alkali-Soda, toual Apparel and slops Ammunition- ,. Fuso, caps, Ac.. Fowdor.. Shot, tons Arms - Guns and pistols! Arrowroot, lb. .. Bags and sacks ,. Bark, tons Boor Bottled.. Draught Biscuit, tons Blankota and wool lons Book Boots andahoea.. Bran, bushols .. Bricks Bath .. Building, No. .. Brusliwara Building materials) Butter, tom Cabbngo-treo Gandíos, tons Gandlowick Canvas Carpeting,. Carnages, carts, &o.; Cailtt, empty Cornent, . . Ohecso, tons Chicory .. Ohiuaware Cider Coals, tons Cocoa and chocO' late, lb. Coffee Ookc and fuel, tons{ Confectionery Copper, tons Coppt lore, tons Copptrwaro Coi dago, tons Corks Cottons". Cotton waste Cutlery .. Drapery .. Drugs , . Druggists' ware Earthenware 6,320 . 1,670 58,8S2¡ 216 5,016 893 824 855 2,-95 160 12,796 11,041 68! 7, 0,218 07,079 1,186 72 26 1,895 486 38,870 10 53,090 4,138 8,077 3,122 60 80 5,358 1,025 2,052 18,400 300 1,680 2,747 11,751 170 604 171,162 12,404 SOO 2,702 781 8,(140, 8 1,254 1,636 20 986 786) 6,017 5,854 1*362 010 0» 4,8 871 100 Quantities. 1861, £ 4,070| 005 27,174 1,066 2,017 1,1" 806] 18,080 25,501 487 8,847 5,439 27,006 2,036 300 1,266 601 8,6.4 86 44,113 40 1,091 6,186| 3,058 054 2,016 6 17,878 2,065 1,147 148,106 9,624 276 8,035 6451 1,187 1,078 22,991 1.324, 12.822J 8,747 1,280] 1,760' 1,130 4,684 78 1800, 118] 11,200 25 17,878| 3,060 1861. ~7 7,677 1,120 ¿671 ~27 920 . sol 25,875 13~00 "j50 0,029 4.480 ""_ ""09 7w 1,620 126 8,672 35 1,465 33 13,015 Day, toris.. Hides, No.. Hollowaro Coney, Jb.. J Bops, do... Indlarubbor goods Instruments Musical.. ' Sclontiaa Iren, tons Jowollory.. Lead, tons; ' .. Iioatlior, cwt. .. Lcathorwaro Linen Llvo Btock Cattle, No. ? Horses, do. Pigs, do. Poultry.. Sheep, No. Bird. .. Machinery Marble i .. Watches and vestas Hats and ruga Beal Oat, tons > Metal- ; Yellow, tons 1. Millinery,. i Molasses Nail« and screw», I, toni^ r.. ,. Naptb», and cam ^phbMiéífi-¿" .'. Beti . *.* -t. *«. ....."» 6,763 8.206 12,830 6,074 9,(01 70S 12 150 0,612 246 21,600 0,040] I) 70S 21,708 J 6,581 ,. 2,105 244 '1,215 1,008 600 2,125 20,424 80 8.6J9 1,285 Í-0 8,855 ' KO ia i« 211 6,728 6,210 7,624 20,503 ,16,706 1 292 100 72 60 30,292 16,742 J 60,825 866 23,670 21,778 4,808 12 l,4S7l 8,125 1,460 65,416 8.17« seo 2,031 Vffl 13,766 - 231 I -j 10,082 11,047 810 630 10 C2 81 £1 8,484 SOO 3.799 2,274 1,068 - 2i000 ,: - m Oars Oil Coooanut,gal... Colza, do. lorosono, do,.. linseed, do. .. Olive, do. Dndcscribodgdo.l Oilcloth .. [Oihnon's stores Onions, tons Opium .. Paintings and on-] gravlngs Paints, &o; . ¡Papernangings . Porhimory Photographie goods .. 3Pipos-Tobacco , Pitch, tar, ko. , Plants and seeds Plato and plated] waro . Potatoes, tons Trcsorvos.. Printing matorlals] Provisions Presorted Salted, tons Quicksilver Hallway materials! Itcsbi .. . .1 Boddlory .. Bago, lb. Salt, tons. Bhipchandlory ..I BIlkB Skins Slat os, Ko. Soap. tons.. Speclo Specimens ot Wa lural Htstoiy ., Spices Spirits Brandy Cordials Oin .. Ofwlno . Port tuned Bum Whiskey \ Undoscribod .. Bpongo . Starch aud blue .. Stationery Steel, tons Btono Building, tons.. Btonowaro Sugar Sallow, tons Tea, Scotland larpau lings . linibor Deals, No. Laths, hurdles.. Palings, &o; . Logs and piles, 1860. £ 10 C00| 11,6.7 10,108| 1, 12,2701 0841 18,7001 80 8,800] 1,597 8171 8,195 01 8,00( 1,800 05,000] 20,821 1,847 6,553 Î59 60S 18,556 l,r~ 180 854] 88,676 39 83,067 510 12,770 6 107 1,060 026 5,832 4,478 87 40 1,026 1,701 60 76 16,408 226 1,501 90 1,1 Quantities. \--- m I860. | 1801. .,3 2,200 1,450 1,860 1,050 726 7,6t¡8¡ 77 14,807] 1,205 2.67t! 020 1,010 1,819 2,7t7 8,030 3,836 2,770 58,164 1,280| 2,472 1,5091 11,782] 1,112 00' 76,025 1,095 15,818 lß, ÍO.IIOJ 285 ! 8,007 020] 2,108] "so: 0,31' 8' 2,110] 8701 01,858 SljïfiD 242 10,8891 116. 050. 67 21,996 10,0171 5,0821 280', 1,682 920] 2,260 ISO 11,531 1,008] 8 815, 8,9511 1,000 1.081 600 20,927 15,838 5,185 3,600 ' 5,481 1,507 29,2JD 209,700 870,000 18,800 ,403,172 87,283 _ f 24,283 650 100,600 1,500 l 2,880,833 . l,80l,f » V 10,275' ""SO, 26l \-- 5 EXPORTS. Agricultural i plomont lUkali-Soda, tone Apparel and slops Arms and ammu- nition .. Arrowroot Bags and sacks ., Boori- >. Bottled, gala. ., Draught, do. .. BljCult, tons Slack sand, do. .. Blankets and wool- lens Bones, tons Books Hoots and shoes .. Bran, bushels .. Bricks Brush waro Building materials Butter, tous Caudles, do. Canvas Carriages, carts, &c.; .. Casks, ompty (cn out, tons 4 iicoso, do. Chicory teals, tons Cccoa and choco lato, lb... Cólico C( iifectionory .. Copper, tons .. Copper oro, do. .. Copporwaro Cordage, tons ., Corks Cottons Cutlery Drapery .. Drugs . Earthenware Fancy goods Fish Salted, tons < . Prosorvod .. Flour, tons Fruit I Dried, do. Furnituro Class Bottles .. Plato .. Window Glassware Gold, ounces Grain Wheat, bnshols Barley, do. Malzo, do, Halt, do Oats, do. .. Bice, tons Qrlndery .. Guano, tons .. Ilabordashcry .. Hardware and ironmongery .. Bats and caps .. Bay, tous.. Bides. No. Hollow are Hops, lb. Horns and hoofs.. Hosiery .. Houses .. Ice. Indlambbor goods Instruments - Musical.. 1800. £ 81 10 8,-63 2,006 1,268 220 l8 8,017 87(700 16.600 "Ï62 "Í34 10 7,500 800 216 1,204 1.6771 67i 323,901 4,680 202 40 4,408 1,908 1,105 4,788 1,484 1 70 1,122 1,803 2,183 1,140 5,063 134 0,102 0,000 206 468 2 83 180 88,487 1,261 870 V 11,57-1 1,671 1,030) 979 633,008 870 7 869 2,100 Quantities. 1,160 2,600 205,802 000 6,0221 -jsool Scientific Iron andBtoel, tom Jowollery.. liena, tons leather, do. Iilvo stock Cattle, No. Horses, do. Sheep, do. Machinery Haï bio ., jalatches and vostas Mata and tugs Zloal-Oat, tons.. Ullliiiory .. 2tiiseellancouB JH classes .. Kails and «crows, tons ., Oils, gala. Oilmen's stores .. Opium .. ".. Painui .. .Paintings and en BTgravIngs Paperhanglngs ,. 1 bototraphio gooda .. __,, 3?llch and tar .. Pipos-Tobacco .. Plants and seeds.. Plato and plated ware .. ., Potatoes, tons .. presorvee.. Printing materials Provisions Preserved Salted, tons Quicksilver > Bail say materials Besin Saddlery .. Sago, lu. ..' Salt, tons.. Ship-cha-dlory .. Silks ..< .. Skins Soap, tons .. JäpoUo-Gold .. SpoolmonsofNatu ral History .. Spices .. Bp-rits- '' Brandy, gals: '.. Cordials Gin, gals, i .. Bum, do, ' . .. /( Whiskey, aot .. Uudescribed, do Starch atad bluer: Stationery, , ¡,., Sugar .. , ,f. Inflow," tons .. 437 892 1,276 436 1,136 477 2,055 140 180 4,328 1,174 200 121 177 "~eo > 40 leo 2,062 ""« 1B5 ' ' 8,467 ii ,i282 I 416 . 2,840 . ' 864 6.6 \-- -20 610 10,031 60 1,670 2,682 67 2,800 40 4,186 10 1,161 81 89 187 1,007 0,378 8,820 460 634 4,028 50 450 486 1.227 ,164 4,160 I 093 1,1140 ¿83 146 80e, .3,839] -LI 17,821 1,122 . MW 12,018 , 2,480 '99 . TU ii * 10,584 A_ P 16 ,?3.1-J r ir - 1,2» JW i b 16,833 8,19» 0,691 4» _ Values. __ Quaratrttes. "T-" I860 ' 1861! 'I860.' - 1891. £ £ ' ' , lea - .. 2,091 8,621 -, - Tents and tar- paulins .. - 283 - -. Timber .. .. 2.86Q 8,662 - - Tin. -"'*»"" "" Tinware .. .. -~ ,ooo .-» -« Tobacco .. -, 8.858 li 290 - - Cigars .. .. 578 1,887 - - TobaooonlBts'waro - 10 -. - Tools and utenBlls 138 1,846 - - Toys and turnery - 88 - -. TurBonllno and varnish, gals... 40 121 120 535 Twlno and thread 16 16 -« - Vinegar, gals. .. - 98 - 1,632 Watches « clocks 411 215 - -. Wimuials. .- 1.719 7,806 8,751 12,131 Woodenwaro .. 161 299 - - .Wool lb. 47.098 17,292 713,888 288,0.(1 ZinctoiiB.. .- - 70 - 8 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. I7ie Aram Office, Thursday Evening. A retrospect of tho Import markot, and, lndood, of bnslnoi» generally since the departure of the last mill, will afford but llttlo satisfaction to either Importers hero or shippers abroad. The arrival of the inward mall crushed all hopes of improvement in British mar- chandise, by tbo announcement of Inoroased shipments haying been raado from the home markot«, rendering trade hopelessly dul>, and canning price« to glvo way. The low rates now ruling, do not, haw ever, lndnce speculation. The means are at hand, hut, with overcrowded warebouics and onormou quentitlos afloat, tbo prospect of recovering the outlay with profit Is not sufficiently alluring to attraat capitalists. Long continuance of excessive shipments at the one end, and of too many traders at the other, has brought about a condition which has boon fora seon, and predicted by advlcos from this sido. To make solos the lowost shade of profit, or a return of cost, 1B eagerly availed of. Wo can, In Bhort, only re piat whit wo havo so long u'ged on shlppors, that unlcai exports aro moro lu proportion to our requirements, there is no prospect of improved prices, or a moro hotltky condition of business prevailing. Tho check given to tho Otago exodus by tho proof of tho Incapacity of the gold noldB to support so larg9 a population as was Inclined to migrate thitherward, has In some dogroo restored confidence In the country tindo, and the return of numbera alroady will n> doubt somowhat inipmvo tbat branoh of buslncsi; bit tbero is still tbo absoace ol that improvement wlitob. l8 geaorally looked for at this pet tod of tho yoar, indeed thoro appears to be scarcoty any spring Iradi doirg. The weather has boen very unsettled, aid continues varying from oxtremes of heat to evoa cold, wblcb no doubt la some degreo producos dal neis, and the uncertainty as to the changos In toado 1 in the tarlfT by tho Government also deters operationi; thean aro, hoivover, only partial causes, the prosentani long continued stagnation being primarily caused by the overwhelming quantities of goods of all descrlp tiona pourei Into a markot Incipablo of consuming a ttthc of tbo merchandise thrust upon it, and as tin amendment 1B theretoio mainly In tho llanda of ihlupora thouisolves, It la dearly their particular ia teicit to a'csrtaln our powers of consumption and of local production, and moko proportionate sblpnoati Bulk beer haï been in moderate domand, and as tho, warm weather sets in inquiry Improves for tho bettor brands, of which ajrts holden aro Arm. Inferior description aro, howover, dull of Bale; at rathif easier rates Dot dei! stout continuos ia limited di icand, but for nlo there U scarcely any inquiry. Qua tallon* aro as follow : Alf -Bass's No. 3, new, £3 7s. 6d. to £8 10s ; Allsopp'» now, £8 6*. ; other Burton browor«', £7 per lilid ; Joulo's rftono, £8 5s. ; Tonnont's, £7 par hhd ; By»8B'", bottlod, Oj. ; Allsopp'», 9j. 6d. ; other bottlers', 8s. Oil. to 0s. Stout-Best brands, ' £6 lOi. ; AU-opp's, £0 10a, ; othor brewers', £5 10s. per hhd ; bottled, Byais's, 8s. 6J,; Allsopp'*, bottled by Friend, quarts, 10s. ; othor bottlers', 8i, Od. to 9«. (Id. per dozen ; Barclay's porter, bot- tled by Friend, quarts, 10s : pints, none in market. Sags and Sacks - Woolpacks continuo dull, anl difficult lo place at Ss Od. StocBB of throe Dualist i-acks aro heavy in this as well as tho neighbouring markets ; and holders, fearful of heavy supplloa ciinlng forward, aie oftirlngfroo'y to sell at los. 9d. per oi/en, but without tempting buyers. Buttei -Tho Increasing supply of frosh buttor his a aterla'ly checked the sale of Imported. Tho for- mer continue«, to soil at from lid. to 12d, Nowiy landed doublo roso Cork la not saleable at above Od and Old. por Ib., and but little inquiry exists et en at that rate, and as further arrivals como ia a further do.llno ia anticipated, It is reportod that contidornblo rcshipments aro oontemplated, but ovea this nnvomcnt is not likely to improve prices, sa long as fre-h Is fr¿ely supplied at about tho prmont rato. Candles - Immense quantities of damaged, forced off by auction,, havo kept tho market supplied, and prloo« havo given way. Sales are difficult to effect at pre- sent quo atlons, buyers expocting still lowor rates as the Ia gc Bhipmonta como to band. Quotations are : A eva scearlno, lSJd. to lid. ; Belmont sperms, 13Jd.; Bale's and Ogleby's, 13d. per lb. Canvas -Domand is easier, but small lots, particu- larly if tho bettor qualities, are still saleable. Navy, sesorlod, Is. to Is. 3d. per yard. Cement,-Thoro is ni Improvement in prices, and heavy stocks rendor markets dull. Coals-Tho return of tho colliers to work at the pits at tho termination of thoir strike, couplod with ide reduced consumption setting In with tho summer, ¿an eaused a heavy reduction on late prices. English aro scarce ; Newcastle (colonial), 82s. to 35». por ton. In tho bay. . ' 1 Confectionery shows no Improvement In either de- mand or price. Colonial manufactured greatly lntor. , fores willi tho sale of Imported, for which,in small lots, not over lOd. per lb Is procurable. Cordage'.-The market continues without ohango. Tw ¡ne, lu small lots, Is stilt of tolerably ready aato, ' and for r<>po thero 1) aleo moderato sale. Quo- tations aro :-Europe, £10 to £88 ; Killalan, £10 ; coir, £80 to £83 -, Manilla (assorted), £50 por toa ; shop twlno, OJd. to lOd. ; twlno, sawing, 18d. per lb Drugs, &c.-But; llttlo has been doing m the article f under this bead. Opium continues vory dull, at all ) ut nominal prices. Tho unsettled weather lntarfaro > with tbo demand for carbonato of soda and tartarla to'd. Soda cryststs and ash remain unimproved. Quotations are : -Opium, Patna, £270 per chest, duty I aid ; prepared, 27s. and 20s. per canister ; soda crys- tals, Li ; nod.i ash, £13 por ton ; sulphur dour, 19s. and 20s. per cwt. ; carbonate soda, 20s and 219. par cwt ; tartarla »cid, St «J. per lb Euthonware romains unimproved. Ooneral in- voices aro dllllcult of disposal, Iho only inquiry boin; I r some few articles of willoh the trado may bs low lu streit. Fish-Ung contlnuoi of moderato« salo For white and led lu.rings demand ia improving, but pi line parcels alone oro Baloiblo. Ling, prlmequallty, 4jd. par lb ; rod horrlngs, 20a per dozon tins ; wolta, lu firkins, 10s 01 and Ila- In tine, Os aud Ga. Od flour (¡rata, i.5 -lu reporting the state of tht flour uiar.ct In our last summary, wo nnuiod tho uiaikttasboing unsoltledby tha pruspoot of arrivals from California lin extant of arrivals alroady tt hand from that quarter and Chill, in both tills and tho Sydney market, has ralsod something approachlsrr to a panio The Inlclligenco, too, this eonildorablo quanti les of last year's wheat aro still on hand In South Aitstra'la, uni that their coraln< hatvosl will ba very large, has completely prostrated th« flour and wheat markets, aud loavesquotations nominal. Our own harvest alsi promises favourably ; and tho gre« inquiry appoara cow to bo, not whiï prices will be, lu-, wiulla ti be dono with the pro- duce of tho countii¿ harvests Quotations aro :-Flour. -Tasmanian, £10 les. to £12 ; Adelaide, £11 to £12 ; superfino, £13 ; Ca'ifornlan, £10 10s. te £11 por ton ; United Btatoi, 40a per barrel Whoat.-Colonial, 4s 3d to Is. (Jil. ; Adolatdo, 6s OJ. ; Californian, Sa. par bushel. Oats havo met a steady market, the eos ja tlon of shipm-nts from the homo lnarkotahas glvea prices a Armor tono, aud but tor the dread of large supplloa fron California improved traluo would no;doubt oneuo. Prices are : -Irish and Scotch, 3a. 11. to 3s. 6d ; Cilircrnbn, Bs Od. to Is. ; colonial, Is 3 J. to 4?. Od per bushel. Barloy Is unohanged In prlca, m d still In but llttlo Inquiry. Malting, 6s 6d ; fool UK, ii 0d. to 6s per bushol. Maize has como for ti uni moro freely, and prices are more In favour of the, hu j cr Sydnoy-grown la quoted at 5s. to 6s. 8d. per bushel. Malt, owing to coming supplies, Is rather easier, 9s. Gd. to9s Od. bolug tbo Belling rates; at, howover, our season Is over, and browers must depend onKngliah supplies, fu.lher reduction Is not lookoi for The high price (£13 per ton) asked for grim dotois purchases, and tho article for this reason li null. Baotch oatmeal dull of salo, at from £16 to £10 ; colonial, £21 to £26 psr ton. Fruits (Dried)-Tho heavy shipments of currants announced h-ivo lu tomo measure checked demand, and erased a fall In value Daiiort fruits aro in very moderato inquiry ; and SB tho spring fruits will be soon ripe, no improvement ou preseut rates is likely to occur. Quotations aro :-Almonds, Jordan, 1«. Id. j soft ahell, On. ; currants (fatras), 3d. to 8Jil,; raisins Muscitols (layers), 7d. to 8d.; Capo, (new; 0d. to 6Jd.; Fronch plums (bottles), Bd. to lOd. ; Ogs, 4Jd. to Oi.; Barcolona nuts, 4d. to 6d. ; dried apples (American). ' 3¡d to IJd. per lb Hardware and Ironmongery.-Stocks of all dotorlp .tious of artlclos continue largely s applied, and in tho absonce of sale3 of any amount, prices aro wholly un- altered. Hopi -The light shipments advistd by tho last mall hnva had no vlalblo cflect on price! hero ; holders of 1810 aro firm, but Balo» of old ara rather preaiod By w ellon, 185B have boon placed at 4}d ; 1°67 at 6d. ; 1ÍÍ9 ire held for li 7d lois 9(1. per lb. <" roerlas.-Canyon teas, of good to fine quality, ara In fair demand, and have been ia-oly placed by auction at from £10 10a. to £12 per chest. Inferior and low descriptions aro, howover, abund at low figures. Cofleos have como forward moro frooly, and consumption at this season being vory llmltod, «alfs have been dull at quotod prices. Tho sugar mar- ket has undergono several changes. Tho departure of tho mall was followed by a declino In priors ; and ai sales wore made, no reaction tookplaoountil last week, when tho trido purchased moro freely, and established a considerable advance. The arrival of throe cargool from Mauritius (twoof which have boon placed to-day) ha> caused anolbor fall from tho last sale prices of from 80s to 403. por ton In crystals and good grooory sorts, although low qualities, havo matnfataod prlcaj. llicn has been In but little Inquiry, and remains dull of «ale, purchasers being unwilling to buy at the prices dornatidod. Quotations aro-Tea« (duty paid) - Congou, good ordinary to fine, £710s. to £12 por chest ; Inferior to ordinary, t£5 to £7 por cheat ; hysonskln, £t J« chost; gunpowder, 83. to 8s 3d.; Imperial, 2«. 6d to .* T; I hyson, 2s 3d. to 2s. 0d ; orango pekoe, scented, 2i. 84. to 2a. Od. por lb. OotTeo (In bond). Covlon plantitlon, Od, to lOd. ; native,! 75d. to 8d.: da\a, 7d. to74d. per lb, Sugar -Oosaipore, No. 1, 47s.: Mauritius, low to Ano ) ollow, 84s. to 40s, ; low to flao brown, 30s. to 83s. per cwt. Bice, Patas, new. lOi. per cwt .i * Gunpowder Is unlmprovod In price, and dull of sale . blasting quoted from 0.1 to7Jd porlbj Metals.-Bir and rod Iron are heavily stocked, and E?£Vy .n .d»m,n ber« freoly taken off-, and, the märtet beleg relieved, prices are armor. Bheotleadtestmhiayilr.stocke^anci , quite unsaleable. ". Load shot, also, Is very dull ofsale. ¿Ino Is In plentiful supply, and domand vory limitai, tiuotattons aro-Uorewood's patent corrugated ealvau Ired tinned, 21 and 28 Bange», £35 por ton ; Merewood'« corrugated galyanlied, No. 2, or unthincJ, £88 10s í do. ; Tapper's' do.,'£3310s. do. ; Hamilton's or other English maker-, £38 do.; Scotch, £30;to £81'do. ; Horewood'a galvanised tinned plain, 20 and 28 ¡ranga), . £40 do. : Tapper's, or otaeriEngliih maker's, £83 do ; Scotch do.-,-£85do.; rod and bar,,best Staffordshire brands, BBH, £10 do, ; do., Scotch, £010a. do.; plato, £18 do.; shoot assorted, £15 do.'; angle and T, £10 do. ; hoon, £12 do. ; pig,' £4 10s. do. ; Swedish, no sale. Lead-Pipe, assorted sizes, £28 to £29 do. ; sheet, milled, assorted, £2410s. do. ; shot, assorted, £30 do. Quicksilver, is. lOd. per lb, Steel-Blister, £2 6n per owt, ; cast, £210a. do. Tin-Block, Is. ed. lo Is. 9d. por lo. ; plates, charcoal, IO, plates, char ccal, IX, 16 per cent, advance. Wiro-Fencing, Mack, £15 per ton ; galvanized, Nos. 1 to 5, £18 do. Zinc-Boiled, light, £81 do. ; do. nalia, £2 8B to £2 10a per owt. i Oilmen's Stores.-A general declino has takon llsce in all theso goods. Supplies liavo como for vi ard freely, and pressod heavily on the mnrkot. Quotations aro:-Bluo, thumb, lid. per lb.: corrio I owdor, quarts, 18s. to 14s. per dozon : tuite, bottled, quartB, 10a. do. ; Jams and jollies, lib tins, 11s. do.; lobsters, lib. tins, American, 8s 6d. do. ; macaroni, 7Jd. per lb.; vermicelli, white, Naples and Gonoa,6d. co.; mustard, in bulk, No. 2, S.d. do. ; do., in lib. 1 ottlos, 12s, Cd. perdozen; do., in iib. bottles, 8a. do ; i catmeal, £17 to £19 per tonjoyetors, preserved, lib', tins, 14B per dozen; do., 21b. tins, 17i. to 20s. do ; 1 ickle«, quarts, 10s. to Ila. Od. do ; do, pints, 83. (d. do. ; prcsoryod meats, 21b, tins, wanted ; Balad oil, pints, 14a. per dozen ; do, half-pints, 8s. I'd. do ; salmon, prcsorved, lib. tina, 16s. ed. do.; jardines, halves, los. 6d do. ; do, quarters, tis. do. ; sauces, assorted, half-pints, 8s. do. ; do Woroestorshlro (Lea and Porrln's), 12s. to 12s. Od. do. ; staroh (Column's), 6Jd. per lb. ; vinegar, brown (Champion's 24), la. lOd. per gallon! do., concen- trated, quarts, 9s tolos, por doran; whito ivino, Is 01. to Is. 9d. por gallon. Oils, Paints, &o; -There Is scarcely any trade doing in these articles just now. stocka are heavy, and pilcos easier. Prices are:-Linseed oil (raw), 8s. 4d.; billed, 8s. 8d.; colza, 5s.; Chinese, 4s. lid. to 6s.; turpentine, 4s. 0d. per gallon. White load, best, 33s.; red lead, 80s. per owt. Provisions.-A temporary demand for small parco's of haxoB and bacon for New Zealand created a tempo- rary Improvement in domand ; but that having ceatod, and colonial supplies coming forward moro frooly, pilceB aro If anything easier, and Inquiry modorate. Cheese is in IoEsenod demand, and primo qualities only support prices. Quotations aro ¡-Bacon-Varey'«, lid.; Sinclair'» lljd. to 12d. ; Compton's,.lld. Hams -Varey'«, 12jd. ; Sinclair's, 12Jd. ; Cumberland, lOJd. to lid. ; Westphalia, 7_d. to 8d. per lb. Cbceso Double Gloucester, le. to le. id. ; Wiltshire, lOjd. to lid. ; Cheshire, Is. Id. to li 2d ; Goude, 7d. to 8 per lb. Pork-Irish moss, £4 6s. to £4 10s. por barrel ; beef, £4 por Horca Salt.-Thohcary shlpmonlB to hand »nd on tho w»y havo quito urmot the ruarkot; prices aro entirely iKtuIiml, and late an I vals ere being stored, in hops. of nricos rallying Ila' os aro unaltered in prico, and Iii but moderato inquiry. -tplrits.-rho brandy market is very unsottleJ ; toldéis seem desirous of realizing, and consequently no i titled prices can bo arrived at, as under-cutting enies aro continually reported Supplies of geneva aro -noimous, and-boBt brand« are freely offering at 11s. Htm Is dull of sale, at easier rates. Whiskey dull, ; end old tom in no demand whatever. Quotations | arc:-(In bond.)-Brandy, Marten's dark, 0s. 0d. j per gallon; Honnoss>'_ do, OB. 3d. por gallon; pole, 11s. ; otard's, 9s. do. ; U.V. Proprietors' do, 9s. ; Champagne Vluoyard Proprietors' Company's do., ?pelo, Its. Od. do. ; Yinogrowcrs', 10a. do. ; other -lands do., 6s. to 8a. do.; palo, Martel.., Ils, do. ; do., do,, or Hennessy ., 80s. per dozen enf o ; do., Ü. V. Proprietors', 2Bs. dp. ; Vino flowers', 24s. do ; Champagne Vinoyard Pro- prietors' Company's, 2Ss do. ; Olou-cau'u, 20a. do, Geneva- JDK55 or key brand, lia tolls, od. por four gullen case ; do., do, 7s. Cd per half-caso ; do., other LiandB, 10s. to 13s.' per caso Gin-London old tom, litt brands, 2s. 6d. per gallon ; do., do, 13a. Od. par c c.tri. Rum-East India, 20 to 30 o.p., le Od. to 2s. 80\. per gallon; V/cst India, 10 to 12 op., 8». I'd do. ; do., 20 to 80 o p., 8s. Od. do. Whiskey \- Irish, Mehan'o, 4s. Od. do -; Scotch, best, 4s. Od. do- ; da. best brands, 12s. perdozen case. Timber.-Orders for tho country trado oppoar to ' lavo almost ceased, and notwliliitandlng stocks ara ccinparattvoly light, tho trade will not purchaso, , «.ten at low figures. The following aro quota . lions :-Orugou, £8 10s. to £9 10». per 1.0J0 1 -e«t. Cedar-Logs, 22s. to 26a. por 100 foot; boards, 1-lnch and upwards, S.d. to 4d. per foot kuper. Lumber and shelving, £12 to £18 per 1,000 feet. Deals-Bed, 0x8, 63d. to 5Jd. per foot; 11 x 8, 7.d. to 73d. do Scotch prepared flooring, 6 s li, 13d. por foot; 6 x Ä, I'd. do. ; 0x3, If,d. do. ; 6 x I, l}d. do. Pitch or hard pine, 1-inch, £15 per 1,000 feet ; li-incb, £18 do. Clear pine, Wooli, £19 to £29 per 1,000 foot. Tobacco.-Ibero aro no important falos to report. Holders, tinco tho intelligence by tho last mail, havo btccme cxoeilirgly Hau, and, the trado being tolerably veil stocked, aro not bujlng at present, noolers' prices aro about os follow :-Twists.-Barrett's anchor hi Id for 3s ; eood ordinary and outBldo brands, 2» 3d. to 2s. Od. ; Inferior, Se, ; half-pound lumps, 1B, 8d. to Sa ; do., Hellt, 8s. to 8s. (k1. ; lO'o, Is. od to Is, 0d. p Wines -The nioiket for nil descriptions has been without Improvement, mid irquiry has boen light. . he unsettled weather has militated against the safe of tvmmer wines,and prices generally are unaltered, and are quoted as follow :-(Duty paid.)- Port, £40 to £75 per pipe, l8», to 40s per dozon ; sherry, £30 to £70 ; rmontlllado do, £100 to £110 per butt, l63, to 36». per doicn ; champagno, 20s. to 86s, ; clarot, 16s, to 35s. Til do-on. MilLBOURNn MARKETS. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 24, TUB; HILLS. remand for flour continues confined to small trado orders for immediato uso, beyond which there li no Inquiry, and prices aro almost nominal. Fino flour is ' quoted at £12 per ton. Wheat In no request Bran, Ile, 4d. per bushel. Oatmeal, £26 por ton. RETAIL -JAKKETB. Batchers' Heat.-Beef, 2d. te 5d. por lb. ; mutton, £d. to ¿id, do. ; veal, (k1, to Od. do. ; pork, 8d.to 0J. do. Poultry--Turkeys, 7s. to 0a. each; geeio, lis, to IDs. per pair; ducka, 7a. to 8s. do.; fowlB, £i. to 7». do ; rabbits, Is Od. to 6a. per braco ; butter, fresh, Is. 2d. to Is. Sd. per lb. ; eggs. Is. 3d. Le Is. 6d. per dozon ; milk, Cd. por quart ; bread, 7d. to Hi. the 41b. loaf, HAT MABKET. There Is no alteration In tills market to roport' Supplies continue in ojtotss of tho demand, and prices aro unchanged. Best hay is quoted ut from £7 to £7 Hu. ; inferior and second class sorts, from £4 to £6 per ton ; straw, from .C210s. to £3 por ton, EABTEK-I MARKET, .hoinartotwasbulnioderatolr supplied, chiefly with coed sorts, ande-rly cleared, owing to tho brisk demand. 2 be following wore tho prices procured :-Vegotablea. -ÄBparogus, le. to 2«. Od. por 100; beans (broad),; 2d. por lb. ; boot (red), 1B. to Is. 3d, per dozen ; lonqucts, de. to 12>, per dozen ; cabbages, 2«, to On. per deren ; carrots, Od. to la per dozon bunches ; cauliflower*, 2s. to 8s. por dozen ; celery, Is to 2s. rcr dozen ; crees, water, Od. to 9d. per dozen bunchej ; cucumbers, prickly, 2s. 6d. to is. por brace ; horse- radish, Bs. to 12s. per dozon bunches; leeks, Oil to8d. ptr dozon bunches; lettuce,9d. to la. per dozen; marjoram, Od. por dozen bunches ; mint, Od. par dczen bunches ; onions (dried), 4d. per lb. ; do. (treen), Od to Od. per dczen bunchos ; parsloy, Od. per dozen bunchos; parsnips. Is. to Is. 3d. per dosen bunches ; pens, 2d. to 2Jd. por lb. ; potatoes, 4s, Cd, to 6a. por cwt. ; do., jounsr, 2d. to 2Jd. por lb. ; radish, Od. per dozen bunches ; rhubarb, le. Od. to is, ed, per do-on bundies ; SIRO, Od perdozen bunches ; sea kale, 2s, per dozen bunches; spinach. Id. to ljd. per lb. ; sprouts, 8d. to Is. per dozen ; thyme, Od. to I'd. per dozen bunches ; turnips, 2a. to 2i. Od, per dozen bunches. Fruits -Gooseberries, Od. and lOd. ter quart. Dairy Produco-Butter, Is. to Is, Id. per lb. ; duck», Os. to 6s. Od, por couple ; oggs, Is. 3d. to Is. 6d. per dozen; goose, 12s. to 14s. por conplo J lions, 6s. 0d. to CB, per couple ; honey, 8d. rtr lb.; pigeons, 2s. per couple; pork, Sd. toOd, por lb. ; turkoys, 12s. to 15s. per couple. WOOL, TALLOW, HIDE8, &.O. If essrs. J. H. Clough and Oo. roport as follows : - " Wool.-Our oponlng sala of this season was hold this cay ; tho attendance of buyers was very numeróos, i nd the questions in diipute between tho buyoja and ile soiling brokers by a littlo mutual concession hav li g boen satlsfactorllysottlod, tho good feeling which hi d bcon temporalily disturbed seemed re-ostablleliod, i r d the sale went oft* In a very brisk manner. The quantity we brought forward was 1,349 bales (as por catalogue below, to which prices are attached), Several lolB were,however,withdrawn for furthor instructions, .le greasy wool offered was all sold at prices ruling lum 86d. to 10}d. Ihoileico wool, of which no primo lois woro oil-rod, was briskly compotod for up to a cer- tain point, boyond which huyera would not adtance ; st d having had limits placed upon several lots above our i sluatlons, they had to be bought in on owner's account. Tallow.-we offered at our salo on Thursday last clout 140 casks mixed tallow, tbo whole of which was Uughtln. We, howevor, auoceoded In disposing ol HO CBsksprlvatoIy at £84 nor ton, immediately attor wsrdr. Hides.-Wo offered on Thursday last about 3,(00 by auction, out oi wbiob quantity about 350 Mero disposed ol at 10a, each. Shcopsklni -Wo illiposcd of a few lota of station skins by auction, M 6Jd, to'7d. por lb. The following aro parti- culars of the lots of wool sold, with the prices ollalncd attached :-Greasy-MB, 5 bales, 84d ; KK conjoined, 8 bales, 6.4; JGF, 11 biles, Otd.^ CAY, 10 bales, 8R ; 0, 6 bales, Od. ; O c, 9 bales, EJd. ; S in diamond, 77 bales, O.a. ; WO, 8 bales, 9fd ; Uko x, 5 bales, Sfid. ; Uko x x, 6 baloj, 8.1. ; TANDARA, 185 bales, 93d. ; h, 7 bales, 83d., J L. AC B, 10 bales, 83d ; -ANDABA, 8 halos, Od. ; JO,2 bales, 0d.; TANDARA, 12 biles, 10J.1. Scoured. -OF, 21, balcB, lOld ; DR In diamond, over H, 67 baler, 18.4 Flocco-CORNELIA CREEK. 30 bales, IHU. ; JO, 29 bales, 16Jd ; 8 in di »mond, 25 bales, -CSÛ. ) BURN BURN, 2 balOB, 183d. Sllpo-8, fi biles, 12d. Shoepsklna-227 skins, did ; 1 bundle. 7d niiles-M, 333 hlder, 10a " McEors.'GoldBbrongh and Co.'s report Is as follows : -"Wool.-'Hie first salo of the season wa« held at cur stores, on Wednesday, tim 10th of October, and drew together a very largo attonúanco ol buyers. Iho i-talojno did not comprUo any choice lots of ollher Y,athod or unwahed; nevertheless fair prices wero nollzcd, greasy ranging from 8Jd to JOJd. ; fleece, Is Od.to Is. 7_d. ; and secured. Is 4d to 2«. 2d per lb. The salen opened under unfavourable ampíeos, in tmscquenco of several buyers hiving demanded tinta percentage should bo allowed for locks and pieces, In all casos «boro thoy bad not been pro j eily repárate d from tho fleecoa; and it being out i f our power to grant such a doihand without tho i ar ellon of tho wool-grow ora, thmo who had todo it at onco loft tho stlerooin, thus withdraw )rg their corrvjetltlori. Since then a satisfactory wargemont his been made, and tho sales were ti turned yesterday, the 24th fast., whou 1,240 bales v ere brought forward, of which 405 bales wero sold at tiLcut the same rates as latt week. No choleo lo's hive been offered, so that the market can scarcely be comldcred fully toiled; but, judging from the wools toll), prices aro from 2d. to 2_d. per pound below tlnso of li at .season, without much prospect of an advance Icing obtained, as buyers, taught by the unfavourable mult of last season's operations, .aro acting with f.lrcmo caution, Tho condition Of those clips we I) ave In store is from Id to 2d. per pound better than Istt year ; and tbero Is ampio evidence of great care 1st big been b6etowed In washing and cottiuirun no tltt lhere Is no doubt that this clip will tus.tin iuJ Irrprovo ' the character of- Victorian wools In the herne market. The only clearance of wool dating the month Is the Kent, which lett for .London, op the. 14th Ins..., with 691 bales on board. Tallow.-Searly all tho taDow coming forward' being tblppod to the English market, we havo scarcely any lalCB to report, but quotations for parcels in shlpplnaf order role about al follow -.-Beef, £82 to £31 ; mixed, £S2 io £81 ; mutton, £38 to £12 The only ship ment» during the month havo been 812 casks per Bent. Hldos.-We have not heard of any tales of largo lois for shipment. Ho clearances have taken placet . I dining the month, but the following chips were load- , lug, and will takeln »11 »bout85,000 hldos, viz : Clutha, 18,000; Transatlantic, 10,000; Moravian, 6,000 ; Koorta Moorta, 6,000. Quotations, 11s to 13s. j each, for lots m shipping condition." LIVE STOCK. ,' Messrs. Power, Buthorlord, and Co. supply the sub- joined report :-" Fat Cattle.-This market continues supplied with good quality stock, but prices remain teiy low indeed, prime beef only bringing 10s to l8», j er 1001b. Groat depression prevails, and tho prj i peet of the next few markets does not promlsoany veiy great amendment; only first quality are now loleabio at anything like a price. Beat bullocks, £5 to £610s. ¡second do., £310s. to £410s.; beat cows, £1 to £5 5s. ; second do., £2 to £3. fat Shoep. - liado, though dull, has boon satiafaotory. Some a nu- mby wai experienced In opening the market, aa shorn sud woolled sheop aro now in competition, and tho d florence Is hardly established. Prloei nero a trida lrwer than last week. Boat wethets, shorn, 12s. to 13s ; do. do., woolled. 16s. to 17s, ; second do , do, Ila to 16s ; do., shorn, 9s, to 10s. ; owos, woolled, 121. to IBs. 6d. Lambs were m good demind, at from 9s. to 18s 6d. Store Cattle -lhedomandisstlll very quiet, and noprospootofonlmpiovementinprlccs Quotations: AU bullocks, two to Btveu years old, £2 10s. to £216s. ; cows, spayed, do , £2 2s. Od. to £2 5s. ; do, tnspayed, do, £115s. to £2; do.. Inferior, totally urta!cabio Store Bbocp -Buyers aro now beginning to move in oarncst, ana we have largo transactions ia ntgotlatlou at tho following quotation» :-Wethers, ttto-tooih.fls to7s ;do.,four,slx,hndelgtittoolh,8s Od. toOa Od.; ewes, two.four, and tix tooir-,8» 6d.tolls.; do, do., dcllvorablo In Kew South Wales, 12s. to 16s. ; do, [eight-tooth, 7s to 8s. ; do., aged, Is to Oa ; tttanerB, mixed, 6s toOs Wo have S'Id 1,800 info llor wclhors, in wool, at l8?. ; 8,600 maldon owos, for Kew Zealand, 0«. to 10s. stations.-Bmlness very quiet." Messrs. Kayo and Butohart give tho annexod re- port:-"Fat Cattlo-1,831 head were yarded, of which tho trado look 1,167 ; oountry buyor», 107. Prices wero lower than ever, primo beef roallslng atout 11s. per cwt. Best bullecks sold from £5 to £(J 10s. ; do cows, £1 to £5 6«. ; medium bullock», £S 10s. to £1 10s ; do cows, £2 to £3 ; Inferior bul lock», £2 lOr. to £8 5s, Thoro Is no probability of any íleo taking place, »s the demand is not likely to koap 1 ace with tho supply. Calvos.-110 an Wed, and sold ficm 20a. to 60s. We sold 23, at an average of Ils 01. Fat Sheep -10,059 penned, of which the trado took 7,685 ; country buyers, 100 ; shippers, 903 ; knnsold, Pel. Prices had a downwaid tendency, and not likely to Improve. Shorn sheop are coning forward, and are not ready of Balo. Best wethois, sold in tho wool, 10a. Gd to 17s. Gd. ; b st owes, sold in the wool, 13s. to 13s. Gd. ; good wethors, Bild in tho woo), 11s to 15s Od. ; boat wc-thorn shorn, 12a. to ]Es ; good wolhors, srorn, 8s. to 10B. Od. Wo sold-for J b Chirnside, kau., 3"6 wethers, at 11s 2d to 15s. ; Musra. Qitfilth and Greene, 316 wethers, 17s. to 17«. Cd. ; John Cray, Ksq, a few picked wotheri', shorn, 15s, Outsldo, Mr. Barkor, 1,800 owes, shorn, 0« Total, 2,110. Lambs -A full supply ai.d ready balo, priées film ; 1,G06 sold, from 9s. to 19B. Gd, ucoording to quality. Wo sold for John Gray, Esq , at 18s. Id. to IBs. Od. ; Messrs Griffith and Greeno's, 100, at Us. lOd. to 12s ; J, B. OhirnBldo 80, »t 10B. 7d. Total, 371." Meisrs. It)an and Hammond report:-"Tho fat cattlo market was well supplied, 1,331 head having been penned. Ihoquallty thiougliout,wlthaslngloox Ci ptlon, has bei n very good. Upon Monday better pilcos wero obtained than upon Tuesday and Wodnes day Upon the lattor days good quality sold unusually low, business being dull, and tho trado evidently uti «Ailltng to purchase beyond Immediate requirement« 3 he averages aro as follow* :-Hervey and Cockburn's m too quality bullocks, £0; cows, £1 Gs. Id. P. Brougton's, from the Billabong, sold hy un, good and fair quality, 115 bullocks, £1 8s 8d. ; 116 oows, £8 9s. lOd Wilson's, from tho Murray, sold by us good qualll)- 32 bullocks, £1 2«. 7d. ; 110 cows, £1 fis Hil Birber's, f omtbo Murrumbidgee, sold by IIB-in for lor quillty-61 bullocks, £2 12s. Od. ; 71 cowa, £2 9B. lOd. Total sold hy us, 658. Town trade, 1,167 ; country buyors, 107. Caitos -110 hoad to h ind ; prlcee ruling from 15s. to 17s 6d .according to quality. Fat Shoep.-This market has been lirgely Buppllod, 10,060 hoad having c uno forward. Sales were (lilli :ulc to effect, aid a reduction of Od. to Is por hoad upon woolled wethers bad tobo submitted to, the supply being beyond our requirements, and some dllflaulty was experienced in effecting sales at even thiB reduc- tion upon previous quotations, more particularly with second quality stock. Somo primo and good quality shorn wethers came to hand, hut great difficulty was experienced in selling thom at atything Uko fair prices. One very prime lot realizo 1 12a. and 13s ; good quality, 0a Oil. to 10s. ; good useful wethers, in wool, 16s. to 17s ; a few, 17s. Vi and 18i. ; middling Vi ethers, 13s to 14s. Gd. ; very few ewes to hand, good quality, iu.wool, 18s to 14s. 6d. Town tiade, 7,685 ; ccuntry buyers, 400 ; shlppod, 003 ; turned oat, 081. lambs_A largo supply (1,065) toband, but, notwlth st at ding, satisfactory prices wero obtained throughout for all qualities. Prices ruled from 9s. 61. to 18s. Od., according to quality." Messrs. Bow, Kirk, and Co's roport Is as follows : " Fat Cattlo.-Wo have had an lucrcnsod supply of cattlo to hand this week-viz., 1,844 hoad-which, although not excessive, considering the deficiency ia tbo previous weeks, appearod to be more than the butchers wero able or willing to take, exeopt at low figures. On Monday last wo sold 816 head, Messrs. Hervey and Cockburn'«, chiefly cows, prime quality, at £0 for bollocks, and £4 Os. Id. for cowa On Tuos day, 168 bead, Mr. Ashcroft's, bullocks £3 Ks., cowa ¿8. Wodnceday, 287 head, Messrs. Bay and Angel's, bullocks £4, cows £3 2s. Wo quote beet bullocks, £5 to £0 10s. ; do. cows, £1 to £5 ; other bullocks, £2 10s. ta £3 15s. ; do. cows, £2 to £3 16s. Sheop - Largo numbers of sheep havo como to hand since our last-about 10,000-which have caused a declino in pricep. Tbo ample suppttcs to hand during tbo past lew weeks prevent anything Uko speculative pur- chases ; tho demand 1B, therefore, only for Immédiat a requirements. We quote best »ethers, in wool, l61, to 18s. ; ewoa, IBs ; inferior wothers, 11s. 6d. to 15s. 6d. ; «horn wethors, 8s. to 10s. Gd " Mosers Dalmahoy Campbell and Co. supply tho an- nexed roport:-"Fat Cattle.-Tbo supplies for this market aro again on tho lncreaso. On Monday the ?ards were crowded, cvor 1,000 head being shown ; he quality of tho lots was above tho average, but, owing to tho glut, prices foil considerably below last week's quotations. Tho boat beef sold at from 18s. to 11B. por 1001b. ; second quality, from 10s. to 11s. The town trodo took 1,167; oountry, 167; total, 1,884 head Fat Bhoop -A very large supply has como forward, amounting to 10,046, nearly the wholo of whloh wero of useful quality. On Monday corni dorably lost business was done than Is usual on that c'a;, buyers evidontly holding off for reduced prices. Tho rates obtained wero about from Gd. to Is. lower than last week's quotntl ns. On Tuesday businoss was also very dull, and several' lot» which stood ovor from Mcnday had to be quitted at still lower rates. We quota best wethers, In the wool, at from Ids, Gi. to 17s. Only a foiv pens realized from 17s. Od. to I81 ; second quality do, from 16s. to 16s. Gd. ; best ewos brought from 13s. to 11s, very fow woro offered ; thorn wethors, goad quality, from 10s. to 10s. 01. ; Inferior do. from 8s. Wo sold 1,600 of Mr. T. A. Chavo'« wolli cr?, good quality, from 16«. Gd, to 17s ; also a small lit of second-ejualtty ewes at lls.ld. Fat Calves,-A fair Bupply oflerod, viz. :-110 hovl, prices ruling from 20B. to 47s. 6d , according to quality. Wo sold 88 hoad, middling to inferior, at from 20a. to 88s. lambs.-The supply was largo (1,0(15), but tho demand has considerably improved, and prices are fltmcr. Wo quoto best quality from 12s to ISB Gd, ; socond quality, from 10s. to 11s ; lu. fcrlor, from 8s. Wo sold a prime draft from tha Model Farm, at from 13s. 2d.'to 15s. 7d. ; also, Orass'n lot, from tho Llttlo Blvor, at from 10s 8d. to 10s Od. Moro Mioop,-Wo hnvo Bold 1,800 full-mouthed owoi fnm tho flocks of L. M'Boan, Ktq , of Wooroomt station, Edward B Iver (delivery aftcrehcarlng), at 13s.; terms, six months." , Messrs. W. E and A. S. Bing report :-" Tho cattlo Harket has been fully eupplUo, and tho demand vory light Indeed. No Improvement eau he reported. Uonday.-Horvoy and Cockburn's cat.Io sold-bul- locks averaged £0; cows averaged £t Gs 4d. Broughton'« cattlo, from tho Billabong, sold-145 bul- lecks, fair and good, from £3 to £8 2s. 6d, average £1 8s. 8d. ; 116 cows, fair and good, from £2 to £4 7s. Gd , average £3"0s lOd. Tuosday.-Wilson's cattle, from the Billabong, sold-32 bullocks, fair and good, from £8 7s Gd. to £5, avorago £4 2«. 7d. ; 140 cows, fair and good, at £317s. Gd. to £4 17s. 6d, avorago £16s. lid Barber's cattlo, from the Murrumbidgee, sold-51 bul- locks, vory Inferior, from £2 8s. to £2 16s., avera"o £212e. Od.; 74 cows, vory Inferior, from £111s. to £2 1Ü6., avorago £2 Os. lOd. Ashoroft's cattle, from the Edward, sold-budocks averaged £3 10B ; cows, £8. Wcdoosday.-Only one lot of cattle was disposed of, and that at about abovo rates. 5 be sheop market has boen crowded with Btook, and SB the domand was vory light Indeed, a decline In prices had to ho submitted to. Boat wether«, in wool, 1 old at 10a.Od. to 17a; second quality, do, 16s. to 16s. Gd. ; best wethors, shorn, 10a. to 10s. 0d. ; sooond quality, do., 8s. Of lambs there was a good supply, Beitqualltysoldat 12«, tolls.; socond quality, 101. to 11s. Calves.-Tho veil markot haabcen moderately supplied ; boat quality brought 85s. to 46s. Stations. -In station property there continues to bo good in- quiries for unstooked oountry or llihtly-stockod cattlo stations, on tho N.8.W. sido of the Murray. Victorias stations aro difficult to dispose of at any prlco, owing to the oflbct of Hie occupation liconoes. Wo hato sold tho North Goonambll station, on tho Billa be ng Creek, in N. S Walo», with G00 head of cattlo, for the sum of £8,600, Blores nnl all improvements In- cluded This station was lightly Btocked, and was estimated to oirry 2,000 head of cattle." Mettra. Power, Rutherford, nnd On. snpply the foi lewlng moi tilly summary of tho Mclbourno markots (llvo stock) for tho October mall ;-" Fat Cattle,-Our supplies altogether during the last month have baoii tery equal lu numbor, and of good quality. It cannot he dental however, that wo bavo sufrVred from a great fall In prices, say, from 20s. t > 8CB. por head of redac- tion In quotations from thosoof last month, and if tits stock conies pouring in as it has done, prices cannot be maintained in their prcBont position. Fat stock Is now to exoeodlngl) plentiful In all directions, on ac connt of the fino season onjjycd everywhere, that country buvora no Innrer frequent this market to forchsso, finding that they tan buy more advan- tageously nearer home. Prospects tor the next six nonthB aro far from bright, end tho groat glut aid consequent low prices exercise a baneful Isfluenep on all branches of our trade. Olof-icgquot»' tlotBaro:-Boit bullock«, £6 to£0 10s. (choice); se- cond, £810s. to £110s.; Inferior, £210s. to £3 61,; lett cows, £4 to £5 5s. (very choice); second, £2to £8. Wo havo sold 1,248 head, at current ratoi. Colvti.-Tho«o, when of good quality, make balta trices than any Btock sold, ranglmr from20s. for small and inferior, to 00s. for primo and largo. Fat Bhoop. Our sheep market Bhows botter than tho cattlo . and though wo havo to note a decline, still it ha« been moto gradual and less felt. On tho Vi hole, It may be contidetcd to bn lu avery satis fsctcry state ; and though wo cannot expect to ico prices maintained (as they . gonerally drop »Ker shoarlng) at present quotations, still mat- ter» look tolerably fa'r fur the future. Our axsrket has .been conaiderably lightened by several shipments for New,Zealand, and thu demand ha« slackened upon rocslpt of less faVotlrabla news'thai was expected ; atilt wo moy look to'^that Country loklEg a good deal o' our surplus *t->;l,- La-t prlcos: . \- In »col-Best tvett.i') ', 10«. tn i7u ( d. ; fcond .11 ' 3St. to 15a ; ewes, 12-, tj 13s. c1. olioru-Jji. with is, 9a to 11s. ; second do . 8a. to 941 a We have toidi ,602, at market rates. Lambs-The demand for incur has very much improved, and -bo various lots lav« been cleared out at good figures. The Iquallty throughout has been satisfactory-b-fdrlor, 89 Od.-; top quality, 15s.. a fair averago lamb being Worth about Ila Hore Stock aud Stations.-In store cattlo thora is very little djlmj, buyers being sby In th-iprcsont »tate of the fat stock market cf making purchase«, ox ' 11 pt at such rates as holders aro very loth to submit to. I W e havo not nearly so many transactions to report as , 1 at the simo season of last j ear Quotations aro: All bullocks, two to savon years, £210s. to £216s. ; I tews, spayed, £2 2s, 61. to £- 6s. ; cows, unspayed, 1 £1 l61, to £2. Wo have sold 3,820, at under quota 1 I'tlB. Storo Sb'ep.-This trado is quita at astand l 1 till, owing to flockowners being busily engaged in 1 ; citing up their soa'on'a clip. The demand for flrst iltss breeding ewes lias just bogun, and vory shortly ve look for a good amount of business being done, 1 fi ( m the inquiries that aro boluc made so early as tho putnt tim. We bato sold 18,800. Shorn sheep ara I v. crlh as under :-Wothors, two tooth, Os. to 7s. ; do , leur, six, and eight tooth, 8s to 9s. 6d ; ewes, two, li ur, and six tooth, 8s. Od. to 11s. ; do., eight-tooth, 1v. to 8B ; do., aged, 4-. toOs ; weaners, mixed, 5a. tods. Stations in Victoria aro very quiet, ponding ile decision of the prosont Government as to the licences. New South Wales, New Zealand, South . us'iallan, and Queensland iheop stations aro In do. n ard, t from 25s to 30s per head. Wo sold Calimo, : cn tho Edward, NSW, for £14,550, with 1,300 heal < f cattlo ; it will c.rry about 16,100 shoe-p ; everything given in." I Mr. Charles Brown roporta :-" Both cattlo and sheep I "ave boen supplied in txcois of requirements. Busl , 1 esb hat been extreme!} aull, and prices have con 1 ! dr. r_ My receded from lastweok'a quotations. Over 1,300 bead ot cattle, ond 10,000 sheep, were offered le r Ealo, and with oxcoptiou of 1,000 of tho latter, all I ft end purchasers. Tho following lots of fat cattle 1 1 nvo avorsged as undor .'-Hervey and Oookburn's 'toy primo bullocks, £0; do, do. cowa, £4 OB. 4d. ; I BioughtonV, from tho Billabong, 146 bullocks, £4 8s. ia. ; 116 cows, £3 9» lOd. ; Barbor's, Ircin Mur i.mbldgoo, 61 bullocks, £2 12s. 7d. ; 74 cows, ¡C ' Is lOd. ; Wilson's, from Billabong, 82 bullock», j £4 2s. 7d, ; 140 cows, £4 5J, 11S ; and I havo also disposed of Ashcroft'« fair quality light weights bullocks averagirg £3 lOs ; COWB, £8. Tho othor lots EI Id icaltzed about quotations, according to quality. 1 As regards fat sheep, tho market w*s' poiieotly j g tilted, and a declino in valuo of from Is, tola. 6d. TIBE tstabllbhcd. Best wethers, in wool, realizedlos. fd to 17s ', tecond quality, 16s to l63. 0d. ; best shorn i wethers, Us. to lOi. Od. ; Inferior, 8a," HOBSK MAffKEÏ. J Mettra Row, Kirk, and O . give the following ro. \ roitofthlB market:-"Slnco tho termination of the Jcckoy Club Races, on Saturday last, business has icnEldorably rovlved, with 9 prospect of increasing ac I llvlly. -hero has been a fair supply of goodusoful 1 1 ort cn, and buyers havo readily operated at and abovo inte quotations. Heavy draught horses have bean In lair rcquoat, Crtt-class realising about £72 ; the figures ft r tccond-closs tanging from £30 to £40; inferior bato been taken at £14 to £.0. Vory few flrst-clas Vtll-bted horses havo como to hand; but the demand fi r this description Is not quite sa urgent. Useful it eck, fit for coJching and light bernis", aio still 1 or (.'lit for, at remunerative ratea. Light weedy 1 «Itr.als aro without iccprovement. Wo havo nothing to report in unbroken stock this week. We are, how iver, adtisod of a line uiob bolnir on the road from Vt Peacock» Stiuion. New South Wales, which wo expect will bo In timo for uoxt 1 liosdaj _ marltot." LABOUR MARKET. Inquiry {or all descriptions of labour has boen generally light, -ho unsettled weather baa interfered with country ongngouitnti, and but comparatively few men for farms or ftitlon» havo been engaged in temi, but as the weather sotties, and the nay har lett commence:,, tooro will bo moro employment cilerlrg. Married coup'o«, unencumbered with young isrrllleB, aro in moderate inquiry, ehiofly for the country district?, at quita quoted rates. Malo do- rt estica aro o err supplied, and lu but little request, li quhy for female servants la mostly limited to thoao «.»bled to «fiord good references as to «ability and ii »motor., Ynnng women unaccustomed to houso leId work"and cut ed only for farms and second class flltmtlom, are mwi-rously unemployed, and have rlfi'cnlty In obiaining situations. The following are iho currcntritos el wages, dotiationB tomeot particu- lar clrcun stances boiui- occafloinllj made :-Marrlod coupicn with fac-iliis, £00 to£65 pur annum ; without cbi'dren, £05 to £70 do. ; pardoners, _!CD do.; grooms, 16s. to 20s. tier wick ; ahopherdB, £80 pot year; hnt-kcopcrs, .620 to £25 do ; general farm servants, 18s. to 20a. per wock ; ploughmen, 20s. do. ; bulloos: drivers on road, 20s. do. ; do. on farms and stations, 17s. 6d. to 20s. do. ; men cooks, for farms and sta- tions, 20s. lo 25s. do.; ceokB, for hotels, from £110a. to £2 do. ; female cooks, from £36 to £50 por year ; general soivnnts, £26 to j.80 do. ; nursemaids, £16 to £26 do. ; lnundrcs'ot, £S0 to £35'do. ; housemaids, £26 to £80 do, ; parlourmaids, £25 to £80 do. ; car- penters, 10s. a da: ; misons, brleklajors, blacksmiths, 9s. to 10s. do. ; plck-~nd-Ehovol men, Cs to 0s. do. ; catteiB and atoro labourers, 36s. lo 403 a-weck ; quarrymen, 8s. to Os. per day ; fencers, 2s 3d. to Is Cd. a rod ; splitting posts and roils, 20s. to 304. per 100. SEAMKN'S WAGKS. .hero is n fair inquiry for ablo soamon, but tho tnpply of hands is quito equal to tho domain!, mi l rates continuo to rule at £4 per mouth, tor all te.ages, whether distant or coasting. OARTAGE. Tho Govornniont railway line for goods traille, has I ten opened to Woodmid, a dbtanco of alirut fifty II Iles Irom Melbourne, and a considerable amount c1 goods has been forwarded ; as, however, merchan- dize has there to be roladcn on drays, many of tho reentry dealors profer having- thoir goods Iirwarded eircct, avoiding the change of conveywcoa Prices < f caitngo from tho Woodend Station to Bendigo aro charged at £3 7*. Od, nnd to Cnstlomaino, at £2 £s. rtr ton ; dirret by drays from UelDJurno to tho latter place, £1 IDs, and to tho former, £t 16s por len , and to the otner townships at proportionate lates. DENILIQUIN STOCK REPORT. Flood's atoro cattlo, reported in out last as untlor effer, havo been tinco quitted at £2 6s, tho samo pucbasor having taken Flood's mon of fat catt u ni £8. Ho other rales aro reported, lhere is a littlo in- quiry for good csttle, and ono or two thousand such would now mcot with a ready market. Ono lot of « uro wethers-4,103 Uacarthur'*, from Darling Downs »is at hand; thoy aro under offer, ¡lhere aro no clhcrs in the uiarkot. Wo havo inquiries for breeding tw cs, and as sheaung operations aro nearly completed, we look for an active douiund for breeding sheep, Tho following lota of fat cattle have passed. hero ou tho 17th :-Klrebraco'n 280; and Ricketson., 200 ; and a dial t of 100 left Warbreccan on the 18th; P.'1'iaon' n cb of 280 on tho 19th, In additioit to whlou two » obi of his have recently crO'oed tho Murray at Swan Bill. Ono flock uf fat wethers-2,200 Chavo"« eiOEiod hore toa«y(.3nd) Tho woalhor continues diy; grass is everywhere plentiful, but water Is be ecmlng scarce ia the back country. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. fB., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Oh., Chilian . p Portuguese ; II., Hamburg ; N., Norwegian; S Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd.. Sardinian; Behr ! Belgian ; Br.; Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; s sh|p . b., barquo ; br., brig ; BC, schooner; St., steamorVl' Sept. ARRIVED. 27\. Nubia, A s ,510, Kay.Caloutta.-Woolloy, Nophow. and Co * £9. Jumos Littlcflold, A a, 032, Potter, Calcutta - Fanning and Co. 29 Queen of Nat ono, B. s., 810, Mitchell, London. Dalgety and Co. 29 Undine, H.s, 067, Dean, Gottonbunr.-Downio and Murphy. 30\. Wavo, B. b., 430, Henderson; London,-Michaelis and Co. 30\. Pride, B br, 170, Lo Groe, Mauritius.-.Francis and M'Pherson. " Oct. 2\. Fleda, B. b, JúO, SaunJorB, Mauritius -Joshua Brotbors. 2\. Faerie Queen, B. b., 373, Thornton, Foo-Chow Foo.-Orlco, Sumner, and Co. . 2\. Torrent, A. s" 011, Carlton, PugetSound.-Newell and Co. , , 2\. Monlo Monarch, B. s,, 1,808, Thomas, Llvorpool. Barker and Co. 3\. .Isaac do Crsto, D. s, 008, Loichlfi, Rotterdam. Melchior and Co 8\. Mountain Wato, A a., 033, Hardy, Ho IM.-Vic- toria Sugar co. , 8\. Canton, S b, 809, Aamuss-, Manilla.-Dalgety and Co. I 6\. Eliza Goddard, B. br., 192, Gascoyne, Sourabaya, \- Young and Martin. 6\. Flying Dragon, A s , 1,007, Wade, San Francleo, Flower, M'Oonald, and Co. 0\. Kafllrland, B. s, 768, Stophon, London.-Josko Brothers. ' 6\. Kmplro of Peace, B. s , 1,640, Shaw, Llvorpoo'. Le rimer and Co. 8\. Harkaway, B. s., S08, Woolcott, San Francisco - Smith, Strachan, and Co. 9\. Benares, B. s.S., 000, Purclns, Point de Gallo.-J. Sparkes. 9\. Jeannie Oswald, b. b., 213, Davies, Sourabaya — Young and Martin. JO. Eureka, A. s" 1,041, Carier, [Son Francisco - Gibbs, Ronald, and Co. , 12\. Laughing Water, A. li., 222, Neuman, Mauritius. -H Graves. ' 14\. Monarch, B, s., 1,000, Gill, London.-W. P. Whi'o and Co. , IO. Great Ta>manio, B. s" 2,103, Flynn, Liverpool. Bright Brothers and Co. | IO. Young Australia, B. 1,760, Lourie, Liverpool. Brigh'. Brothers and Co. 17\. Sancho Pa»z»,A. «., 870, Balo, Now York.-Fisher, B icariln, und Co. 18\. Lightning, B. s., 2,000, Clarko, Otago.-Bright Brothers and Co. 22\. Southampton, B. a., 1,000, Tonkin, London. W. P. Whlto and Co. 22\. Conference, B. s., ill, Nowland, Mauritius. U'Micking and Co. 22\. Formosa, B b,, 380, Lowrie, Mauritius._Joshua Brothers. ' 22\. Plumer, B. b, 231, Robinson, Mauritius.-Orit-e, Sumner, and Co. > 22\. A. H. Badger, A. li., 474, MenrB, Now York. Lord and Co. Í2 Oxenbrldgo, A.rn., 670, B :ry, Boston.-Osb ira, Cusbing, and Co. Í2 Cairngorm, B »., 1101, ,Gibbons, Groono-k. Holmes, White, and Co. ' ' 12\. Kuipro's of tho Sea, B s., 1,019, Bragg, Otago - Lorimer and Co, , Í2. K. S. L, B. B , Valparaiso.- I r Sept. . C-KARKD OUT. . , ÍC. Triompho, B br" 102, L.koinunn, Mauritius.-It. and P. Turnbull and Co. Ï8. Core», B. s, 801, Cpthraiio, j Olugo.-Holme White, and Co. ,, . ", I Cet. """I 3\. Molanio, B se, loO; Langmulr, 'Colombo.-Towns and Co. ' ' 8\. Agnes, A. b.,807, Kin?, Batavia)-Fisher, Blear J , and Co. , . 3\. Ary Schofför, D. .., 638, Kunat, Batavia.-Prost, Kohler, and Co. ; - 8\. Jenlo Brown, B- s, 028, Downward, Otago. Miller »nd Oo. 'I 7\. Itmyr,B.b.j220. Summon;, Miuritlus.-M'Mcc.an, Blackwood, and Co. , / '8. Hortense, A. s, 677, Barnes, Callao.-Joshua I Brothers 0 Tenares B. S.P . D38 Pureba», Sjdnry.-J. Sparkes t. Attica, A s, Ec9, aiuipioii, utsgo.-Ltrd and V*' 10\. Eonig Willem II., D. B , 045, Monckmonn, Batavia.-Macfarlan and Co. 15\. latona, B. .., 083, Sedgwick, Otago.-J. Henty and Co. 12\. Nelly, B b,, 407, -tell, Batava.-Prost, Kohler, and Co. t 14\. Alma, D. B", Í48, Kroas, Ot go-J B Were and , Co. ii " 14\. Kent, B s, 927, Clayton, London.-W. P. White and Co. 16\. Corsair's Bride, B b., 848, Williams, Point de Galle.-Grlee, Sumner,' aud Co. 17 Ionian, A. s, 749, Wade, Moulmeln.-Melchior and Co, 17\. Jrseph Gilchrist, A. a, 1,004, Carney, Callao. Katzenateln and Co. 17\. Thomas B Wales, A. a, 800, Lincoln, Calcutta. Towna and Oo. 18\. Europa, H. s, 788, Hansen, Amherst.-Melchior and Oo. 18\. Matilda, B s" 1,035, Stevenson, Point do Galls. Bright Brothers and Co. 19\. Wave, B a, 487, Henderson, Java,-Michaelis, Boyd, and Co. SI. Alcyone, B. b., 871, Gray, Guam.-Callender and Oo. 22\. Fleda, B b, 800, Saunders, Guam.-J. Henty and Oo. 24 Atalanta, B. s , 930 Spratloy, Calcutta.-Do Pas. Brothers and Co. 24\. Hcnuotlca, D b., 448, De Goot Steffey, Syduoy. PIOOB Von Amalell and Co PASSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND BY AND SINCE THE DEPARTURE OP THE SEPTEMBER, MAIL. Burr. 27. Ballette, R M. s.B" for Point de Gallo.-For Mar- seilles : Mr. and Mrs. Sargood, two children, and ser vant ; Mcsirs. J. A. Fawns, - Lovick, H. Lovick, - Brown, and Sergeant Mee For Suez : Mr. Muttle bnry. For Southampton : Mr. Burnley. For King G coi ge's Sound : Captain Et ans, Sergeant Wale, child, and nurso. Oor. 14. Bent, for London.-Mrs. Moid, Infant, and servant ; Mr. and Mrs. Haigh, Mr. Blrnlo, Mrs. Taylor, Infant, and servant ; Mr. Perry, Mr. Apbill, Mr. Baum gartnor, Mr. Turnor, Mr. Spyer, Mr. Btchardson, Mr. and Mrs. Brooks, child, and servant ; Mr. Hackett ; lit. Ii. A, Harte, Master Harto. 