Roads *nd Bridges Office, ; Melbourne, 12th April, 1861. - _ tenders WILL be received until Twelve o'clock on ' Friday, '26th. instant for the Maint nance of Bridges, Ouiver r. &c.;, on the road between Violet Town and Benala. . Full particulars at this Office, or at the Road Engineer'^ uffice, at Wangara'.ta. The Board will not nec. sswily accept the lowest or any tender. ' J. H. BROOKE, President of the Board of Laud and Works. 503\. 127.3 . . SALE'br COUNTRY LANDS AT BENALLA. Applications to i e rpoeived until lSth April, !>6l, by Thomas Nixori, District Surft-yor Payment to be made to William Piper, " Commissioner of Crown Lands, r eaalla. jVIaindample. Situate on the road frc.m aisfield to Long wood. and ii om 3 to 5 miles w< sierly f. om iWa^Efield^, ,< . > ? : Subdivisions and B of 10 alloments, containing from 45. to 84 ^crea.; . Good agricultural 1 ind. Ben-lla, Situate 3 to 4 miles n?>rth frjm the township . . .. of Benalla. Subdivisions A and «- of 3 s'lo^mea ts i Soction T, i ontaining 62 and 71 seres Sandy coil, fair pasture lana,timbered wiih box and gum. Goomalibee, On the south bank of the Broken River, and from 5 to 6 miles north west of the t un ship of Benalla. Subdivisions A and B of 4 allotments, con taining from 43 to G7 acres. ? Good agricultural lan . MEHEIJIG, Siiuafe r>n the Devil's liiv<-r, and from 8 to 11 miles east/rom Mansfield Subdivisions A and Bof 33 allotments, con taining from 40 ta 95 acre?. Good agricultural I nd. ' ' Lithographed ( lans "inn be purc''a?ed-aH the Survey 0 "ce, Benalla. and at the Crown-1 La?ds selection Offic e Melbourne, ai la per i copy.'' ? ' ?' 385 .. SALE OF COUNTS Y LANDS AT BEECHWOBTH. Application's to be ree'eved until 24'h April, .1601, by Alexander L Martin, Dis trict Su-veyor Payments to ,ba made, to William He ry Bamaid. Receiver and';Pay niaiter,'Beechwortb. ? '. . . .. . " :.Gbet,\'. " - .. . Sitnatev east'of the Fifteen-inile Cieek, and west of thK King River, and dis ant Bevtn to'eieven miles'southerly from'Wangaratta^ and jidjoininfi; "t he -parish of Moyhu. ? ? Subdivisions . A at:d !(.'< «f 49 ai/otrtieiits-in Sections'l't'-i 8.;)3'to 18.'22;tV.%77'. arid 30 to S4,;,contaiDing 'fr-' m S0;tb'320 3cre^ * - > Generally! gtiod agricultural iand".'! ' ^ofntr. ' Situate >n rtfie"''.westf ..w.ae':bf King River,' south of*Mr. Chioholm'srpr^-eiiipTiiwa sec tio , a ldrista t.saven.tu eleven milea south from Wauiia]:^c/a. ' ;v; ..J ; . . , Subdivis « « .A and B. of, 26 .allotments in Sections 1-6 »m -22to.'80, containing"fain 93 : to .184 acres. iiithogras:' ':.! plans' caa be purchased at) the District purvey (> Beech worth, and afc the Crow a Lands Office, Alelbojrne. at the rate of Is. per copy. 406 .. SALE OF COUNTRY LANDS AT BENALLA^ ' Applications to be receive i u: til 3nth April/ 1861, by 1 horn as Isixon. D sirict Surveyor. Payments to be made to VVil'iam:'Pij.'er:::' Commissioner of Crowa Lands, BeLaila. * Balm.tium. . " Situate on the main road from Melbourne to'! Sydney, distant two to seven mil^B nor therly fr.'tn the township of Eurca. Subdivisions A an<" B of 62 allotments con taining from 60 to 79 acres. . , ;? EUROA. Situate about two miles north of the township . - of Ifuroa. and south cf the parish of Bai , matium. Subdivisions A and B of allotments 2 A and B, containing 615 acres each. Lightly timbered land, adap ed for pastoral, and in parts for agricultural, purposes.' Lithographic plans can be purchased at the Survey-Office, benalla, and at the Crown Lands Office, Melbourne, at Is. per copy. ; 493 OPENING OF TELEGRA PHIC COMMUNICATION WITH CHILTERN. Department of the Electric Telegraph, Office of the General Superintendent, Melbourne, 28ch March, 1861. IT is hereby notified that Telegraphic Communication has . been established with Cliikern, and the office at. that place is now available to the public. Rates of charges, and further information may b's obtained upon apr lica'ion at any cf the Telegraph Stations in Victoria. . (Signed)- SAMUEL W. Mo90WAN. General Superintendent of Electric Telegraph 34S 1270 ; Department of Trade and Customs, ' Melbourne, 4fch April, 1861. - PERSONS desirous of introducing their Friends and relations from ihe United Kingdom to thi3 Colouy. under the recent vote of the Le^islat.ve Assembly, are re quested to apply forthwith, in writing, to the Immigration Anent. in M.e bourne, who will furnish, in reply, a copy of the regulafcioi-s under which pass ge warraats will be issued. ?; (Signed) . THOMAS LOADER, Commissioner of Trade and Customs. ; 993 :M7L f:os SALE . A TEAM of-Ten Working Bullocks (rol ?Q- - fat ) v/itb new D: ay and Tackle' .complete. . ;. Apply at Kellett's, Cld Mail Station, head of lnd|gorCreek. . ' . .. . !>T-7nST^091274 ? 1 .«: :1 V- .: r V . . - ?'--ii 1 c! :..... ... ; . . indebted to+his office, will ;..?vnfer a favor Uy paying, their ac ^counts iF/th as IjU tie. delay .as possible, ' bioh,vrd WARREN. - R v'TE^E^ALL;.y-Impounded at B»riall» 23rd .. Prbrujiry, 1861, by jf GraHan, Esq. ? 258 Koan'horsej bay'beadl bluck points,tong': /-t'jl'paddle an<3 girtl^. itiatkftd, JR iff. ?£?sV.' shoulder, ni^rk off hip like J , 'SC'O'Bay'mare; ;]6rig tail,'/black points, few ^Ii^a»'c(jl(i;'-l'oi)g''tail,;bhck points,' etar'.iiA' 262'-Davk;-dapple gtey hrtrie, long switch tail, . '-Tiear hiud fetlock whjle, cbliar marked, ] . enlargement bo^h hia! l fetlhcks.M orWD ' blotched r.ear shoulder GEORGE POWELL, 4ting Pc«ndketper. (Splendid Investment! FOR SALE BY PRIVATE COKTBACT, THE EXCELSIOR HOTEL, ' lYoo'tSiiED TOffi\sEiip, OVENS KIVEK; : . . pHE House is hmlt of Pine, wi h Gal i vanised Iron Bo f. and contains six Bed-rooms, thiee Sittinjr'-rorxnV a'd a B > endid Ball room 32 x 25, with detached Kitchen, Stab'es &e.;, nil comp ete. . It is (he centre Of many well-known aurife rou=i reefs, is situated close to the Crushing Machine of Mr. Johnson Sf evens and on the n>ain read to Barrietville, and the upper p rtion of the Ovens River. . T he House at. present is doing a v-rj pr fi able trade, which promises to greatly "in Ci ease.' ' .... A Dissolution of Partners hip, Conse quence of o e of the JPartners" "re lirniug to tbe'Old Country, is the cause of seJl ng. \- FuU pardcula'S can be obtained upun ap pli.ation at the Hotel to Win. H. McHeill, February 9 h, 1861, STAR I.AN®, BEECHWOitTH, lETEMAItY AND SI0BIN0 F0R8E, GEOEGE BANKS, (Late with Ransom, Price & Co.) IN TIM >.TE3 to liis friendB and the publi- tha> he has opened the above establishment caiie is a guarantee that all ho ees entrusted to his .care will be shod and attends to in the most scientific manner. 421250 . JULiUS PASESR. BILLIARD AND, ilAiiATKIJjK Iff AEU FACTUEER, \- ' And Importer of all kinds of Materials connected with the Trade, 196, Little Bourke Street, Eas MELBOURNE* A LARGE Stock of first-class Billiard Tables always on hand,warranted equal to the best English makers. Bails, Cues, Cloths, Tips, &e.;, always in stock. J. P. wishes to draw particular attention to his new stock of Billiard Cushion3. just arrived from London, which is equal tu the Cushions in the veiy best English made Tables, and far superior to any made in the colony. Just received a large stock of the finest West: of Engla d Billiard Cloths- Prices Low. . All communications from the country punctually attended to. . PLEASE NOTE THE ADDEESS, 11232 2G5 . . MoGrUIBE'8 if WS ARMS HOTEL, ROWDY FLAT, ¥&©!£!.& II A H © .A US. THIS Hotel is fitted up in first-class style and siai ds unrivalled in the district for accommodation and comfort, TH E L I Q U 0 R S .On hand are chosen fro'a the best imported brands, and a trial only is needed to c&nvince; the most sceptical as to their qualities... The Cuisine Department Is under the direct management of the pro prietor, which is a sufficient guarantee for the production of a; first-rate spread." No effort will be spared to supply every delicacy in season; To travellers, superior accommodation is provided in the sleeping departments. . C&OJf; SS'.ilSJLffl&'o .. Say, Oats, Bran, &c-;» j At'tne lowest prices. To all who .hpnou,r. him with, a .visit, Mr*. McGuire promises that no.effort.on his part shall bci spared to.,en&ure; complete saiisfac .ti'mi " 36i> TWO POtFND3 HEW ART).-Lost, and now running on Dr. Maekay's run, a light' bay." horse, (draught built) branded M X near shoulder, star oa forehead, broken tail. The abo*e reward will ba paid lo any perpon bringing the horse to Richard Wwren, office of this paper* C\ v Sftssr&.2S5V G E '-IT EM L NE WS AGENT, " IMPORTER OF ; v ... ... - . : English, Wrench, Cterm'trni'Statiau, JYortcegiatt, United Stalest an Califoriiian JVewtpaperM, GAMP STREET, BE ECU W.O R T H . '^xs2rss> London*[ Preston Guardian '? . Home News ; : I v, : ' Read in a Mercury'' Illustrated London News M News of the World... % Times- .... Weekly Jjispatcb . - i Bell's Life in London Weekly Times .. . News of-the World . . Reynold s Paper Punch . ;.. Era ; , . . Lady's Newspaper .;j Engineer . ...., English Provnciails.; Albion (Liverpool) ... Bedford. ;r. Birmingham' ... 7 Bristol V ! Bury ." V-''\ Brighton. .; Bradford ' Buckinghamshire ".A\''' Bath . Carlsle. ' , > Chelmsford , . Cumberland ' . Chester : / , ; V,,^ Cheltenham Cambridge" Durham . .. . . . - Devonport Doncitster Derby and Chesterfield ' Dorset Chronicle Gloster Journal Hampshire Advert'ser Hampshire Telegraph Hull Advertiser ' .Hereford Times Huntingdon ( Halifax) Huddersfi^ld Ipswich Journal Ken-ish Journal ' Liverpool Mercury Leeds Mercury leicestershiie La:icaster Guardian Manchester Examiner Maidstone Gazette Manx Sun Newcastle Guardian Nottingham Journal _ Nottinghamshire Guardian Northampton Norfolk Chronicle North and South Shields Oxford Journal Stamford Mercury j Sunderland-Herald ; Staffordshire' A dvertiser Stockport Advertiser! .. Sheffield' Times : ; r ! ; Shrewsbury * ' "....»?>.; Sherborne ' : , j Salisbury ? i -y'? Tanntoii" . ' .Western Timesj West.B-iton" ;/' ' Worcester'' v(-- j Warwickshire'-1 > f ,tt^nqhester. i Yeovil' ]' 1 ?; '. ,l^ork;_Hejald':!ul j -Irish Newspapers* .'Armagh Guardian . - Baiiiier of Ulster ? ' -Cort" Exaniiner ; Clare Freeman " C hnaught Banger Dublin Warder Do Nation Do Tablet ; Do Freeman'8 Journal Do Telegraph Enni killen Galway "Vindicator In ewry Telegr ph Northern Whig of Belfast Lime ick Chronicle Londonderry Standard Sligo.'.Chronicle Tipperary Free Press Waterfo.-d Scotch. Papers Ayr Advertiser Aberdeen Hera d Banffshire Dumfries and Galloway Edinburgh Scotsman \- Do Witness Glasgow Saturday Post Glasgow Herald Inverness Courier John 0'Groat Journal Dundee Northern Warder Northern .Ensign Perth Cupar and Dundee Montrose Reviews Peebles Welsh Papers Monmouthshire Merlin Card ff and Merthyr Guardian Swansea Cambrian - - . Pembroke Herald, , * Carmarthen Welshman: ..; . I Caernarvon & Denbigh.Herald , ,r,,,, .Continental*: ; ? Ernest Zeiis, Garntefaube Illustrirte Zeitmg Kladderadastch Fliegende Blatter . . . ...?.-? La Mode Inulistree L'lJlustration Affconbladefc . II Popolo D'ltalia La Seicle ";r :-7"'.'y j La Debats . ? >. . La'Eresse :: ?Danish Newspapers . ' Norwegian (Movgeabhdit) (Punch) 1 Christ1 aha Posten. ' American* . Lesfcie's Illustrated Paper New York Clipper Wilkies' Spirit of the Times Weekly Tribune Do ? Herald Bos'on Traveller. Pilot ? Bellows' Pictorial Toronto Globe 7 British Colonist Leader ' ^ ' ? New York Picayune - New Orleans Delta ; ; St. Louis Republican 'Hamilton Spectator Harper's Weekly r fan Francisco ;: Field j- ".. " Ledger Periodicals*- ^ Family Herald ; ' ' London Journal - Cassell s ' ? - ? Reynolds' Illustrated Times Harper's Magazine Tale of two Cities:: Cornhill Magazine - importing Magazine ' - All the Year Round Once a Week &c.;, &c.; Subscriptions at the following rates : - Illustrated London News, 16s ; Weekly Disratchl3s Lloyd's 6b. 6d per quarter Family Herald London Journal, Cassell's Reynolds equally low A FULL REPORT OF THE TRIAL .» OF Young v. W arren. Gopies of the above cau be had at this Office, GRATIS. J '. A SPLENDID NEW Assortment of Fancy Type, Borders, Emblems, &c.;, s.-itable for Circulars, Cards, Bill Heads, Delivery Boobs, &c; , &c;" just unpacked at "The Ovens and Hun ay Advertiser " office, Ford Street, Beeehworth. RICHARD WARREN, PROPRIETOR. POST OFFICE NOTICES. ARRIVAL OF MAILS. From MELBOURNE snd Intermediate Offices -Daily (except Mondays), at 12 noon From WOOLSHED.-Daily, at 5 p. m-, Sun days excepted.) Fr.,ci STANLEY.- Daily, at 5. p ,m, Sundays excepted.) From ALBUHY.-Daily, at 4 .p.m., (except S undays.) From BELVOIR.-Daily, at 4 p.m., (excoj.t ' Sundays.) From BUCKI.AND. MYRTLE CREEK,. MOBSB'S CREEK, AND GROWLER'S CXIKEK.-Mon day. Wedmoday und Friday, at 5 p.m. From YA CHANDANDAH.-Daily at A p.m., (except Sundays.) From WAHGUNYAH.-Daily at 5 p.m. (Sun days excepted.) From INDIQO.-Daily, at 6. p.m., (except Sundays.) From C'HXLTERN. -Daily at 5 p.m. (Sundays excep'ed ) , From SANDY AND SNOWY CKBEKS.-Mon days, at 4 p.m. DEPARTURE OF MAILS. For MELBOURNE and Intermediate Offees -Daily (except Sundays), at 5, a.m. (Hox closes at 6.30 p.m., and fur legistered letters and newspapers at 4.30 p.m. the previous night.) For WOOLSHED.-Daily, at 8 a.m. (Sundays excepted.) Box closes at 8 a m. For Stanley.-Daily, at 1 p.m. (Sun days excepted.) Boa closes at 12 noon.. For ALBERT.-Daiiy, at 1 p.m. (Sundays excepied). Box closes at 12 noun. On Mondays at 6*3o a.m. Box closes at 5 p.m. the previous night. For BELVOIR.-Daily, at 1 p.m. (Sundays excepted.) Box closes at 12 noon, tn Mondays at 6-30 a m. Box cloteB at 5 pm. the previous night. For Yachandandah.-Daily at 1 p.m. (Sundays excepted.) . Box closeB at 12 On Mondays at 6-30 a.m. Box closes at 5 p.m. the previous ui«ht. For Wahgdhyah.--Daily at 8 30 a m. (Sun days excepted.) Box closes at 8 a.m. F^r INDIGO.-Daily, at 8'30 r-.m., (except Sundays. (Box closes at 5 p.m. the previous night.) For CHILTERN.-Daily, 8.30ata.m. (Sundays excepted. (Bux cioses at 5 p.m... the previous night.) For SANDY & SNOWY CREEKS . - Wed nesdays at 1 p.m. Box closes at: 12 noon. For Bdcklind, : Myrtlb CREEK, MORSE'S' CREEK, and Gbowleb's C«EEK-On Tuesday. Thursday and Sa urday, at 6 a.m. (Box closes at o .p.m. previous night Iggf Postage Stamps can be changed for money at this office, at. a discount of"5' per cent. . ? RATES OF POSTAGE. "' On letters to any part of the colony ' s. ' <i ! of Vic. oria under half an ounce.,0' 4/ '. On letters oiit of the colony of Vic. toria-except to Foreign countries ~UHder hali an ounce...'...... .. 0 6 ; :On letters pos ed at this Office, to,' :' remain til 1 called for.;..' 0 2 On letters registered, in addition to. . the postage.....;;, .r.....:. .Fee 1 0 'On newspapers, in the colony; or to r ; any part of the United Kingdom... < .0; .1 All letters not fully" prepaid, .will be for warded to the Dead Letter Office," Melbourne, alter the lapse of thirty, days, for the purpose of being opened; and returned,t > the' ?waters. '/ N &TE;, -The publi c are particularly : re quested to apply at the Post Office for any information they may require respecting!- the postage rates to Foreign Countries for letters and Newspapers. E. R ELLIOTT, Postmaster Beecfcwortfci let January, 1861. Myrtleford Agency. MR. WOODBTJRN, Postmaster, Myrtle ford, has been appointed Agem for The Ovens and Murray Advertiser, for, the above district, and ia autlioribed to receive Advertisements, Subscriptions, aad orders for J ob Printing on account of this office. A!1 orders or communications forwarded through Mr Woodburn will receive prompt attention. "The Ovens and Murray Advertiser* Office, August 25th, 1860. PORT PHILLIP FOUNDRY MELBOURNE, H. - Xanglands k Co,, EIGIIEEES, Brass and Iron Founders. Black smiths. b o ix, m.IE .?r ws. jk je m s , And General Importers of Machinery. HLANQL&.NDS & G^. are now pre a pared to provide Quariz Crushers and others with;. 1 ©mam Horizontal, Vertical, nr any style of any size, Either imported or of their own make, and execute orders f r Stampers, .Stamner G> ar, Engine Work, B tilers, Saw and Flour Mill Gear, of the beat material and workmanship, at the lowest remunerative profit. Contractors' Ironwork, either cast o? wrought, "Weighbridges, Grindstones, Saw mill Benches, Pipes with flange fascit. A large stock of Vulcanized Belting, and Hose of all sizes cheap,Iron arid'Brass Tubing, Oil Cups, Steam Whistles. Syptons, Steam Ga ;gea and a general assortment of goods in the trade. 308 1269 ADVICE GRATIS. Surgeon and Accoucheur, Licentiate of the Aoothecaries' Society of England, Member of Medical Board of Vic toria, gives advice gratis every Morning before Eleven,and in the'Evenings between Six and half-past Eight. Private Consultation Wee,Ten Shillings DR. L. L. SMITd intimates to the puVlic that for the last hine TEAKS he has had the largest practice °and one the most ex tensive in this colony. From every part of the colonips he is daily consulted, not only by those afflicted with the o'dinary maladies incidental commonly to the humun frame, and to this colony in particular, butiii a'l those diseases which have baffled the skill and science of the most eminent surgeons and physicians of the day-the well known name of Dr. L. L. Smith, which has now become as familiar to ihe ears of the Sydney,Adelaide, and "Victorian public as household-words, has naturally caused those suS'ering from thesa. more sedous diseases to consult hin as a dernierc ressource. Dr. L. L. Smith has thus gained not only a competency and indepen dent position ia this colony, but he has also gaimd the highest amount of practical ard theoretical experience in his profession. To those residing in the Bush, desirous of consulting and being . under his Imme 'late Treatment, Dr. L. L Smith begs leave to state that he lias for their conveuieoce estab lished one of our largest private institutions in the colony, namely, AjLOCK-FOSP ITAL. Unit Hospital for Sliin JBiseascs. . This; admirable institution combines within itseU for.the patient all the Advantages ol a Home together with the Greatest Privacy and cerlainity of speedy cure. It has been 'well supported and .patron'sed.by .the 'public lor some four years, aud that too'at a time wfen, as is well-known by alt old cpUriiRta. evi'ry other institution of a Bimilar character failed, indomitable perseverance, steady attention ' to his, patient, together with the advantages i wf extraordinary .experience in his profession, and one of the largest medical libraries in the 'colony for reterence, has been the sole secret of the success of this institution' aud its fotmder. : . Hours for Consultatio .-Mornings, before Eleven ; Evenings, fcjix> till half- past Eight o'Clock. Consultation Fee by Letter, £1. DR. L. L. SMITH, 192, 192^, and 194, Bourke Street, East, Melbourne. 867 136$ - CURE IS AT HAP !! ! BOllOWAY'S OlMTMEST ! Scorbutic Eruptions, as Sore Heads & Scrofulous Swellings, IF this pawerful Ointment be well rubbed into the par's affected,:al; skin diseases, will be speedily overcome., Ic.acfsno.t by re pressi in, bus repulsion.' It enters tbe^ystem as salt er'ter? rheat, and operates not, locally only, but constitutionally purifying the whole system, neutralizing ^all deprave! humours, qnd effecting. a: radical a, d,.'complete cure. The Pills,should be taken as an auxiliary to the Ointment, as they are so "prepared a3 to act in unison with it, fncilitaring and confirm ing the conquest of the disease. ' Diphtheria, Ulcerated Sore Throat and Quinsey. The above complaints have for twenty years been treated wich Hollow .y's Ointment and Pills with perfect success. The cures have been so remarkable, speedy, arid, numerous that these >ift n fatal d senses are more easily cured by these medicines, than even the com mon sore throat, if taken in time. The Kidneys, Stone & Gravel, : Jn these complaints, the Ointreent almost,; acts like a charm, providing ib is very fffectr ually rubbed over the regions ot the kidneys, which it will penetrate and give almost im mediate relief, while the Pills should be taken according to the printed directions, when the most est aordinary cures may be effected by . this means. Bad Legs, Bad Breasts, Scrofu lous Sores, and Glandular Swellings. ? In such casea the Ointment operates sure'y and .wi h a rapidity that resembles magic It shoul I be rubbed into tbe parts affected after they hive been fomented with lukewarm water The* purifying and curative powers of this marvellous ungucnt haye never failed. Any old sore, wound or ulcer, always yields to iti influence, and in cases of bad brea t*, or milk fevers its action is wonderfu . Glandular swellings may soon be reduced by following the printed directions. The Action of the Heart Dropsy. This last named disease is common'y pre ceded by irregular action of the heart, and difficult respiration-which symptoms are aluays severe, and ever go from bad to worse," ualess proper m' ans of cure are resorted to. In Holloway's unrivalled Ointment and Pills the drop sic »1 patient will ever find succour the present relief derived from the use of these remedies is marvellously quick ar.d i e'sever ance in the steady application of this . famous Ointment, invariably results in a cu>-e. They act with suca energy on the circulation and absorbent system, that the dropsical fluid vanished and the sufferer fiacU all the oppres sive symptoms daily decline, till natural health returns. Gout and Rheumatism. May be cured with the greatest certainity iflargeqwanti-ies of the Ointment be veil worked into the complaining parts, and this perseveringly done for s me time. Jt is no u e to tmear it on the skin only, it must be gotiiito the sys em. Take as many Pills nightly%as will act two or ihree times during the 24 hours- eschew the use of . coffee, and all stimulants, VV) en these complaints are leading the system, the vi-ulence of the com plaint frequently seems to increase. Indiscretion of Youth. Sores, ulcerB, and swelling?, can with cer tainity be cured, if tnis ointment be thor ouihly rubbed all round the complainingparts twice "r thrice a day, keeping them covered with linen r<ig spread with the sa'.se. . The Pills must be taken according to the printed directions. The blood bein? in an impure state,perseverance is necessary From humane n ofivrs letters of advice will be answered firatitously. To save carriage, the Pills anJ Ointment should be obtained in the .neighbaurnood if the sufferer, and n^t from Hollaway's Establishment. Both the Ointment and Pills should be used in the lollowing cases » ' Bad L°gs ? Bad Breasts Bums Bunions Bite of Moschetoes and Sand Flies . ? Coco-bay Chiego-f)ot Chilblains Chapped Hands Corns (Soft) Cancers Contracted and Stiff Joints Elephantiasis Fistulas Gout . Glandular Swellings Lumbago Piles Rheumatism" Scalds 8i re. Nipples Sore-throats ^kin-diseases fcurvy S'ire-tieadB . Tumours Ulcers Wounds Yaws *** There is a nsidera le savin » by | taking the larger sizes. N.B.-Directions for the guidance of pa tients in every disorder are affixed to each Pot. Two Pounds Reward. LOST, on Twist's Cieek, Yachandandah, a Black Horse, branded FL near shoulder 2 off neck, short tail. Any person bringing the same to 3?. T7. Stiles, Stationer, &e.;, Yachandandah, shall receive the above reward. . ' 608 1272 T O £ ft I S I, EES. TURN-OVER at G&se; and Press Wanted, Must be a good hand. " Ovens acd Murray Advertiser" Office, Beechworth. ESCORT TO MELBOURNE. April 17th; 1861. We give below the particulars of the Go vernment Escort, despatched to Melbourne | this Morning, compared with the Escort for the corresponding period last year. Gold Field. Beechworth Buckiand Morse's Cie>k v./' Yachandandah Chiltern .. ......... Indigo,.........^.., Previous Escorts J. 1881. 1860. oz. dwt. 4,493. 0 376 10 I,224 0 5021 10 II,114 10; 71,172 0 76,494 ..0-- 82 286 10 OZR. dwt 2,863 0 1,472- o I \- 1,223,10 1 . 2,148 10 .7.707 0 68,787 0 The last Escort amounted to: The one. this Morning to.,; Showing a decrease of .. ozs. dwt. , 8,457 10 7.7U7 .0 780 ' 10 The next Government Escort will 1 ave *>e [ different districts, on the dates mentioned below .. From Beechworth. To Beechworth. P^orsa's Creek April 25 Apiil 27 i Yacbiaudaudah, .20 29 Indigo , 26 27 Beechworth, May 1, for Melbourne. . Parcels to be transmitted from Beechworth will ye received att^e Gold Office until 3 p.m. I of the proceeding days. J ' The collections on accounts of Revenue for Miners' Rights, Business Licenses, and I Chinese Lie enses, for the month of February, amount to £2,635 10a. from the gold-fields ef thja district. THE EOREPIMA HOTFF OViiNS CEOSSIBG. ' (Late of the Morse's Creek Hotel) "' RESPECTFULLY informs <he reaii»« L of Morse's Creek, the Back land Ov .River, and the publio generally that fim class accommodation, and f5t" Wines and Spirits Of the finest quality, caa always be obtain at.the above establishment. . 6(1 : ? The Hotel has recently undergone thoroiM repairs.It has been newly painted tbtoul out. and neaily decorated. sa" The .situation of the house cannot ha an* passed for the beauty of the scenery, special advantages..as a rendezvous for pj! Nio Parties and well-know 13 GO O D ST A-B-LIN Q. NOTICE. Gaffney's Creek (Jamiesou's Diggings), Upper Goulburn, MR. CHARLES JENKIN IS now visiting these diggings on buginesj in connection with this office. Advertisements f't insertion ia the Ot'enj and Murray Advertiser orders forPrintiDlf or for copies of this Journal, &c.;, entrusted to hina, wiil meet with every attention. RICHiRO WARREN. Ovens and Murray Advertiser Offise, Beechworth, 11th April, 1861. Morse's Creek Mining and General Commis. sion Agencj. THE undersigned having business a| Gaffney's' Creek, which will require hij presence there for several days, requests that during MR absence, letters, &c;" intended for him, may left at Mr, Anger's, Lone Star Hotel Morse's Creek township, or at Mi, McCarrick's, Alpine Hotel, Growler'a Creek] CHARLES JENIQN,' Morse's Creek, 10th April, 1861. \X f ANTED an active Agent and Com V% ponde-.t for this Journal at Chiller Apply to Richard Warren, Jbeechworth. Clarendon Street, corner of Mh Street, Fitzroy Gardensi MELBOURNE. THIS Ins'itution offers many peculiar & vantages. The premises ate spiciui and airy, each cla=s has its separate cla room; and the Principals, assis ed bj numerous arid efficient staff of Teacher devote iheir whole time and energif s to the pupils.. The accommodation for Resident 1 is very superior,and the house must pleasant situated. A Prospectus will be forwardsd on applit tlon. PEINCIPALS :-MB. & MRS. VIENSSE1S1 307 1279 w ALOOCI & CO,'! BILLIARD TABLES, MANUFACTURED of best Spanish m hogaay guaranteed. Acknowledged superior to the best En»!ii makers. . tf " Lamas suited for Kerosine. Billiard Clcth, Balls, Cues, Tips, Lamps, J on sVle. . Show Rooms--96 Little Bourke-street easi Manufactory-132 Russell-street. 6)1 1296 Shipping Advertisements, ASSAGES from ENGLiN _ -WHITE STAR UN'S 0 ^^^bRiriSH AffD ATJSTRALIJ PAvJlvllii'S, Sailing from Liverpool fori: bourne on the 1st and 2 jth ot each Hoa^' comprising the following, an * other firsts ships. TONS. 1:;R. White Star 4,000 Red Jacket... 3,-; Prince of the Seas 2,500 Blue Jacket... V Shalimar 2,500 Sirrocoo - *,? Mermaid. 1,800 Green Jacket.? Annie Wilson . 1,800 White Jacket V Lord Raglan .. 2.000 Miriam Telegraph 1,800 Blue Jacket,.-^ Parties desirous of bringing their fn& from home, can do so, on very terms through the undersigned, who i* passage certificfttes for the above t brated Line of Packets. For further particulars, &c.;, apply to LO&IMER;, MA OKIE, & 00, A;* 122 CollinB St, West, Melbourne 361 ' BLACK BALL AND EAGLE I$ OF PACKETS. For LIVERPOOL Direct. To sail on Wednesday, 16th May> The Liverpool and Australian Company's magnificent and powerfu Steamship i GREAT B-BITAI*'. 5000 tons, 500*horse-poweri JOHN GRAY, Commander. In tailing the: attention of colonist3! ceeding to Europe, the fact of the Wl' I and regularity wiih which the Great -1' ; has performed her previous voyag^i placed'her far above any vessel tradi;i this port,- and insu-es to pa^senge^s i reaching Rome almost as quickly a® ^ Overi&nd; Maii, whi st the g-eat eXi,eDsJ frequent change^ inseparable from tna : are entirely avoided. ' For plans of cabins, diecary scale( 611 _ particulars, apply to 1 BRIGHiT BROS. & CO, ) Melbo"^ . 464 1 ' ~ ' fwl Printed and published-in Fdrd-stree^ i worth, Victoria- by KICHAliD Proprietor. . 1c I 