the Courier TUESDAY JUNE 18, 13tH THK'Jab'sehce of an organised opposition to the Legislative Assembly is producing ilft/jaturnl fruits. The Colonial Secre- tnryv.isiob'ecoming more and more audacious every day. Twice since the re- assembling of the House after the adjourn- ment has he accused the Courier of mis- representations made twice, as we shall be able to show, has he by so doing laid himself open to a counter-charge of deliberately making statements which are inconsistent with fact On Wednes, day in laying on the table a copy of a letter from His Honor the Judge to Sir GeqhgK Bowkn, respecting the franchise, I { he took advantage of the opportunity to f have a fling it us as well as at Mr. I c Macalister, who, we must confess? ' n ttIuJo commenting on the conduct of the c government in withholding information as to the existence of this letter? used much stronger language than we ourselves should have thought it proper to employ. Mr. Herbert accused the Courier of misrepresenting in our issue of 30th May last the scope and contents of that letter. We have not a copy of it, and we must wait, therefore, until it be printed before we can vindicate ourselves from the Colonial Secretary's aspersions.' Meanwhile our confidence in the ante entity -f our information remains unshaken. Nothing that Mr. Herbert can say hereafter will induce us to doubt for a moment the truth of any statement which he takes it upon himself to contract; for when we find him on, Thursday with a coolness and intrepidity which is quite astonishing under the circumstances? informing Mr. Watts that His Excellency did not recommend the erection of a new colony to the northward, founded on a convict basis, as a reference to the letter of His Excellency would prove we are at a loss for words to express our sensations. Mr. Herbert had notice of the question which Mr. Watts intended to put to him, and came prepared to answer it. His answer was not, an off-hand reply to a question, put without notice, in which case straight have been fairly supposed that he was led into error through a lapse of memory; and yet, knowing, as he must have known, the whole ugly truth knowing, as he ought to have known, that we could refute the statement he was-making on the very next day he, the first minister of the crown in this colony, and the mainspring of the government, and the daring to refer to a letter which was the mouthpiece of his condemnation, and to try to confine to Dr. Esq the odium which has been ,i"0Urre'd No doubt Dr. Lang he made some mistakes in ns (imo ^ out He has seldom erred, in such distinguished company, is that of &;??_ george Bowen, and our Surveyor General, Mr. Gregory. WA said in our issue of Saturday, the 16th instant, that we were especially grateful to the Duke of Newcastle for his prompt: rejection of Sir George Bowen's extraordinary suggestion, in the correspondence relating to our north- western (a misprint for "western") boundary, that the colony hereafter to be erected to the northward of this should be founded on a convict basis. That correspondence has been before the public for some time. It was one of the first parliamentary papers issued after the commencement of the session, and we immediately gave it a wide circulation through the medium of our columns. Unpleasant rumours travel slowly in the direction of Government House, and therefore we should not be surprised if Sir George Bowen be still in happy ignorance of the feelings which that correspondence excited outside of the official circle. Men; who stood shoulder to shoulder while fighting against the squatters the great battle of " Separation with convicts, and whose efforts led to separation without them, view with mingled grief and indigna- tion the gratuitous recommendation which His Excellency, after a residence of nine months among us, was we would fain believe in an unguarded hour betrayed into making. We shall give that recommendation in his own words, copied from the letter which he, addressed to the Secretary of State on the 30th September, 1860. The. principal object of the letter was to obtain from the home government an extension of the western boundary of the colony, which was fixed by the Order in Council at the 141st meridian to the 138th meridian of east longitude. But His Excellency took advantage of the opportunity to lay before the Secretary of State a scheme which appears greatly to have dazzled his imagination, namely ??'-" the foundation of a sixth province to complete the belt of civilisation already encircling the larger portion of Australia." He proposed, therefore, that a new province should be erected in North-Western Australia, having its capital on the Victoria River, and he threw in a dexterous suggestion that the new province might be appropriately named the Colony of Albert, in honour of His Royal Highness the Prince Consort. A memorandum from Mr. Gregory was enclosed in the letter, to which memorandum His Excellency refers in these terms: ? It will be observed that Mr. Gregory re- peats the suggestion often made already by other competent authorities, viz., that the occupation of the whole continent of Australia, should now be completed by the erection of its North- western portion into a new colony, with its capital on the River Victoria. Like another writer of large colonial experience (from whose works I also annex an extract) Mr. Gregory strongly ad- advocates the formation of the proposed settlement, in the first instance, by means of a body of English convicts. The fact that Dr. Lang, who was one of the most prominent opponents of the con- instance of transportation to the long-settled Colonies of New South Wales and Tasmania. is a zealous advocate for this scheme, would alone be a convincing proof (if any proof were wanted) that it would be the reverse of distasteful to the great communities on the Eastern and Southern shores of this island cont incur. A penal settlement on the River Victoria would be still more isolated from the principal group of Australian colonies than is the existing penal settlement at Swan River. And, although the presence of large bodies of convicts is objectionable, for many obvious reasons, in an advanced state of colonial society, and when sufficient labour has been supplied by free immigration, I have never yet met a man of Australian cr.pi'.rkiica who doubted for a moment but that the employment of prisoners, under judicious regulations, and in the infancy of a settlement, on the erection of the necessary public buildings, and on the preparation of the soil for cultivation, is the best practicable arrangements for the mother-country, for the new colony, and for the convicts themselves. If this be not a suggestion and a pretty strong suggestion too? that a colony to the northward of us should be founded on a convict basis, then we confess ourselves ignorant of the meaning of the English language, and the Duke of Newcastle must stand in the same pre- dicament. The Dulce, in his reply, dated '26th February last, to Sir George j Bowen's despatch, remarks that certain gentlemen in Victoria were desirous of forming a settlement on the northern coast of Australia. " You yourself," he adds, suggest the formation of a new colony in those parts, and. though it would be unsafe, in my opinion to adopt your suggestion of sending convicts to such a latitude, and inexpedient to do so while Western Australia is insufficiently supplied with convict labor, and in the absence of any expression. of opinion from the Queensland legislature; yet it is no doubt conceivable that persons of European origin may find it for their interest to plant themselves there in sufficient numbers to justify and require a separate government." We now leave the public to decide whether we or the Colonial Secretary have been guilty of misrepresentation. With regard to the formation of another penal settlement in' this continent, we have the satisfaction of believing that no government will ever attempt it. The last intelligence from England is of the most cheering character. There will be no occasion for the Courier to rouse the slumbering patriotism of our representatives in order to defeat a project which the great mass of the community in this colony regard with loathing and abhorrence. The debate which took place in the House of Commons on the 1st of March last, on the motion of Mr. Childers, plainly indicates that the system of transportation is doomed. It does not pay. Since the number of prisoners transported: has been reduced, crime has steadily decreased, and the expense of transportation of prisoners per head has largely increased. , These two facts, are quite enough for the English mind. In a short time transportation | to Western Australia will cease, and it will ^ a ¦ old and a friend to do the CO"al 712 needs of this great continent union its fair and brief ]ar)(j8 are no longer polluted, by the footsteps of a convict population. [Vr'e do not regret that the above article was crowded out of our issue of yesterday, because it has given us the opportunity of referring to a leader in the Empire of the 8th instant, wherein the writer places the same construction on Sir George Bowen's despatch. that we did in a late issue; and charges His Excellency with recklessness, and the exercise of undue authority, in recommending a scheme fraught with such disastrous consequences to the free Australian colonies. We would also call the attention of our readers to the petition presented to the House of" Commons by the Australian Association, praying that measures may be taken at once and for ever to discontinue transportation to Australia. The petition will be found in another column, and its contents afford rather a strong rejoinder to Sir George Bowen's asser- tion that the formation of a penal colony to the northward would be the " reverse of distasteful" to Australian communities in general.] Those who have carefully considered the subject, are the most: willing to admit that the first step to an accurate knowledge of our resources, whether pastoral, agricultural, or mineral, is the construction of roads and bridges in every direction. Facility of transit of either persons or goods from place to place lies at the foundation, 13in fact?//ts foundation, on which only the prosperity we all hope Queensland will attain can become general, or firmly established. The invest- ment of even borrowed money in bringing to pass this primary consummation, will be so immediately reproductive, that the most timid Colonial Treasurer that ever lived need not entertain the slightest apprehension about the repayment of a loan expended judiciously in this way; which might reasonably justify positive alarm if employed upon a public work of such doubtful profitableness as telegraphs. To place telegraphs on terms of equality with the formation of roads and bridges to represent them as even approaching in claim to our estimation is so egregiously absurd that no wonder if the attempt has met with an almost contemptuous repulse. The relation of the two much resembles that of mustard to beef. We are, therefore, quite content to remain in peaceful alliance with that large class of perhaps very stupid people, who have implicit: faith in beef, but only limited respect for the mustard department. In the Estimates for 186 2, liberal sums are proposed for roads and bridges, and we hope that the Assembly will further increase the amount by the twenty- two thousand pounds to be put aside for telegraphic extension. It is possible, of course, to waste money upon a road or a bridge, but, believing that, with present deficiencies, the colony annually sustains in time, money, and property a loss equal to the cost of an expensive bridge, we need merely allude to the exercise of needful prudence. Mr. IIat,Y, last session, made some observations about, cheap bridges, which his long and varied experience entitle to respect. They were to the effect that in many places up the county, it would be sufficient to build bridges resembling those common in America, costing little, last- ing a long time, and from their inex- pensiveness, readily multiplied. The opinion is correct that bridges have a prior claim to roads, as bullock teams and horsemen can and do constantly make steady way along very bad roads ; whereas a rise in a river or creek often makes further progress absolutely impossible. We shall not think it worth our while to reply to any remark that we seek to promote the interests of Brisbane at the expense of the colony generally, because we say that the absence of a bridge between North and South Brisbane is in daily loss and discomfort, and more and more discreditable as the population of the town and country in Grouses. I" every instance where a town at present important,. or likely soon to become important, has only ferry inter- course between one part of it and another, we are prepared to advocate the immediate construction, if possible, of a bridge. It is almost a criminal waste of time to discuss which bridge shall be built first. They are assumed to be never built but from necessity, and common-sense points of the priority being given to those bridges where the return for outlay will follow with the greatest certainty and rapidity. - This is an infallible criterion of the extent to which any bridge is truly described as a crying necessity or a public convenience. With reference to a bridge between North and South; Brisbane, the following statements will shew that, financially, its construction will be a good speculation. If, as the , government propose, a toll be levied, a very small increase on the present traffic would bring in a revenue the first year, above all expenses, equal to ten per cent, on its proposed cost. But instead of a small increase of traffic, it is certain that a very large increase would result. The present di IB curly of getting drays, live stock, farm produce, across the river? to say nothing of the vexatious personal delays inseparable from a ferry, Call these being entirely removed,., the; opening of a bridge would so stimulate, intercourse, that the wonder would-be in a very short time how it was that a dilatory and lumbering ferry was tolerated so long. In addition to this certain revenue, a bridge would prove itself more than ordinarily remunerative in another way. The difference of value between land in North Brisbane and land in South Brisbane has always been remarkable. Last week, two allotments in South Brisbane, one of them a corner,. were sold by auction, and both together did not fetch more than £130; where- has they been in a correspondent - -no BM in North Brisbane.' We Nation been worth, ace- cases would he? being realised Bill, 1 PTE T " any, one at West a thousand pounds. ' candid go far to destroy this 'P..<ontti>u3 difference in value, which is the more singular as the government upset price is the same for land in each locality. The advance of price in land at South Brisbane consequent upon bride of communication, would place in the hands of government a large sum of money, as there are within half a mile of the ferry, four hundred town allotments still unsold. Every one of these would certainly be doubled in value, and the total sum represented is more than the money proposed to be voted for the bridge. We have not noticed the suburban lands close round South Brisbane, but they contain some very eligible building sites, and would readily find purchasers at five or six times what they are now worth, were the formation of the bridge an established fact. The grant for this bridge comes before the Assembly, recommended and supported so unanswerably that we are assured that it will meet with a liberal and con- senting reception. Every objection to it is easily rebutted ; indeed we can hardly imagine objections, except they arise from a disposition which we have seen symptoms of, to look askance upon every grant which does not benefit, more or less exclusively, one's own particular constituency. We should like to see more of the statesman-like ability to rise above this small view of public matters, and to take a wider horizon of political objects, so as to command a large and comprehensive survey of the general interests of the colony, which shall harmoniously include all merely local and special considerations; Political short- sightedness tends more to destroy the utility of deliberative assemblies than any other cause; it makes patriotism a disguise for the ends of selfishness; and engenders all the degrading artifices of " log-rolling,"1 lobbying, &c;, which are so destructive to the common welfare, and so dishonorable to the dignity of our institutions. We hope, therefore, that hon. members will not oppose the grant for the bridge between North and South Brisbane, simply because they do not happen to represent either of the metropolitan constituencies. We have shown we think conclusively that the construction of such a bridge, would bring to the revenue an amount equal at least to that set down on the estimates; and if the vote be opposed, it can only be objected to on the weak and selfish ground that it is a work which principally affects the capital. Amongst the momentous treasures of the present session, catalogued in the vice-regal speech, the " Civil Service Bill" holds a conspicuous place. Were we to judge by the total absence of opposition, which characterised the second reading of this Bill, we should be inclined to regard it as a measure perfect in all its parts. We sincerely trust that the remnant which is left of that which once professed to be an opposition will not extend to the Bill the same indulgence which was shown it on the occasion of the second reading. If they feel that they can- not prevent the progress of the measure through the House, it is at least a duty they owe to their constituents to protest against such of its provisions as do not meet their approbation. The Colonial Secretary stated that the main features of the measure coincided with those of the measure dealing with this subject which had been introduced into Victoria. With his usual candour he quite forgot to state whether the Civil Service Bill from which this measure is copied has yet passed the Victorian legislature an omission which perhaps the hon. gentleman will rectify when the Bill gets into committee. The main principles of the measure appear to be that it gives the Governor in Council most extraordinary and despotic power over all officers in government departments; that it fixes certain rules, with regard to salaries and promotions; and that it legalises the system of granting pensions after a certain number of years of service. The tendencies of the present.govi'i'iiment in their treatment of government officials who do not happen to be under the especial patronage and protection of the Government House coterie" have been exemplified in more than one instance already An amateur theatrical company, amongst whom were some subordinate government clerks, gave an entertainment, and performed an old and not very lively burlesque, and a modern and rather stupid farce, with the praiseworthy intention of amusing themselves and the inhabitants of Brisbane, and giving offence to nobody. Both the face and the burlesque were written by authors who, we dare venture to say, never heard of the existence of Sir GiioitUK BowEN. They had both been played on the London stage ; yet strange to say, for some inscrutable reason the unfortunate clerks in question fell under the displeasure of the heads of their departments, and it was intimated to them that they had given some offence to the Governor, of which they certainly at the time were quite ignorant. We have heard even that in some cases an apology was demanded, inclined us we were to treat the rumour of these occurrences as a mere hoax, enquiry led us to the painful conclusion that the rumour was perfectly true. This is but one instance of the Jenkinsonian system which is sought to be inaugurated here in Government offices. In the face of existing facts and circumstances we find clauses 20 and 21 introduced into the Civil Service Bill. By these clauses the Governor in Council may from time to time make and publish in the Government Gazette regulations, and may repeal or vary : the same, concerning the duties to be performed by officers of the Civil Service, and the discipline to be observed in the performance of such duties, and may affix to breaches of such regulations according, the' nature of the offence the penalties herein set 'forth. If any officer be guilty, of any breach of such regulations flic. Governor in Council, according to the nature of the offence, may dismiss him from Ibeservioe, or, reduce him to a lower rank' therein or to a lower salary, within his class, or-may deprive him of such future annual.-increment.as he would otherwise have been entitled to receive, or may publicly or privately reprimand; him. These regulations of course, would never come before the Parliament, and it would be competent for the Governor in Council so to free them as to compel the OivilServan* ...",,<!i to become an abject flunkey, : recent , prepared for dismissal r ? race also to be Were this Bill to a . "for ? service, vernment ser<\- .*"¦?* D? '"w, and a go unjustly" ' . sector we do wrongfully and most or' ,, dismissed to gratify private spleen, ¦,c.B.6\'ke way for a favoured relation or friend of those inpower,theinjuredman would have no redress. He might petition the Parliament, but the Governor would but have acted according to law. An officer entering the government service would always be subject to these arbitrary regulations concerning discipline, which may be from time to time altered, repealed, or varied. Moreover, we are not told who is to decide upon the question of breaches of such regulations." Will the mere dictum of the head of the Department without other evidence be sufficient, or will the Governor in Council, in the mightiness of his infallibility, be permitted to dismiss or otherwise degrade, the offending clerk, without the latter being permitted to adduce a particle of evidence or utter a single word in his own defence. The Bill professes to mollify the despotism to which the clerk would be subject by giving him a pension. To the system of pensions we are utterly opposed, but we will not at present argue this feature in the hill. They will prove to the unfortunate dock a mockery, a delusion, and a snare, and will induce him in some cases to accept for his present services an inadequate salary, with the idea that he will gain a prospective advantage in the shape of a pension. An unscrupulous government will, after he has served for years, be enabled to deprive him of this prospective advantage, to which he has been looking forward, at one blow. If we give efficient men good salaries for their present services they will not ask to be placed under a system providing for pensions. They would prefer to be placed in a position to make adequate provision, from their present exertions for their old age, rather than to be dependent upon the government for such provision. As the bill comes on for discussion this evening in com- mittee, we have deemed it advisable to seize this opportunity of making a few hurried remarks upon some of its provisions. We hope it will in committee receive more full discussion than was awarded to it upon its second reading. In its present shape but one clause is requisite to the completeness of the measure, it is a clause rendering the use of powder and plush compulsory in every government department. The Northam's mail by no means removes the ambiguity that had long surrounded European complications. It is natural that the threatened revival of hostilities between Denmark and Prussia, on the Schleswig Holstein quarrel, should lead to anticipations of War on a much larger scale. Denmark alone would be utterly unable to contend with Prussia; and if, as is hinted, France should espouse the cause of the Danes, it would be difficult to see how England could refuse her assistance to Prussia. Other accounts say that England, France, and Russia are of one mind on this question. This, however, applies merely to advice, in all probability to the arguments and negotiations that go on before a rupture. The occurrence of actual hostilities would pro sent these altered features of the case: Prussia would overthrow the claims of Denmark by means of superior force ; but it has been the traditional policy of the French Empire to cultivate the Danish alliance, the geographical position of that nation render ing it likely to be valuable to the French in the event of naval operations in which Russia might bear a part. French interference would turn the scale against Prussia, with whom England biiH now established the closest family alliance. Prussia is the only great German power remaining as a barrier to France. Austria is prostrated, and the small States are weak and divided. Notwithstanding the manner in which Prussia held aloof from the late Russian war, England could scarcely act in a similar manner, with safety to herself, if the government of Berlin were opposed in arms to that of the Tuilleries. The prospect of the speedy recal of the French troops from Syria opens a new leaf in the political complications of the last two or three years. But a very short time has elapsed since it was confidently asserted that France and Russia had entered into a secret compact, and the ultimate division of the spoils of the Sultan between them seemed an event neither improbable nor distant. Since then the slaughter at Warsaw has occurred. The Poles, encouraged by the success of the Italian revolution, and by the manifest terror of a rising in Hungary which now influences Austria, appeared to conceive that the time was approaching when they also could make an effort to recover their lost freedom. The first indication of any such sentiments, however, was the signal for, repression. The butcheries committed by the Russian troops at Warsaw were intended to strike terror into the Aspiring Poles, and to a certain extent it has no doubt had this effect. But it is reaction- ary also The Emperor Alkxandish, although he had courage to carry out the grand design of the emancipation of the serfs, is evidently not prepared to submit to encroachment:; that threaten the dismemberment of his empire. He apparently views with some jealousy and alarm those changes which, whether for good or evil, seem to be on the point of being brought about by the restless policy of France and accordingly he has apprised Napoleon that he has too much occupation nearer home to join him in his plans in the East. This may have urged on the before tardy preparations for the solution of the troops from Syria. The cloud that threatened in that quarter is blowing oil for a time, and it is more than ever probable that some phase of the German question will open the war that has been so long expected. It would be very comfortable to think that there would be no such war. It is hardly possible, however, to entertain any such satisfactory belief. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, it is true, proposes, to remit a penny in the pound on the Income Tax; the Bank rate of discount has fallen very considerably; and the public funds maintain their price. But these are rather indications of England's strength than assurances of pence. The strengthening of the fortifications and the naval and military resources of the country, still proceeded. Nor was there the slightest indication in France of any more pacific anticipations. The cause of Italy had not lost ground. The King's representatives had been received in London as ambassadors of the Sovereign of Italy; Rome was about to be declared the capital; there was a strong inclination to postpone the question of Venice; and better than-nil, CrAitinAT.Di, Cavour, and OiAr.Dixr had become reconciled..-, The jealousy that had existed between the States- man and Ibo Liberator was a great danger to Italian nationality." The prudence and patriotism-'of'the King are said to have averted. this peril.:; and the union! of SUoIr living 1?ulatfd-t0 consolidate agnation KETT- 1 ° * Snappy in its own free fcS- a ouldie hereafter: against the s? Rising schemes of others. iveS of the present day contemplate with very considerable equanimity the probability of the seat of the Papal "Church Government being temporarily established in London. " In these times of Essays and Reviews, people are very much disposed to indifference as to matters which do not trench upon their free thoughts, or the fundamental principles of religion. Thus it is, also, that the old story? very likely to be true? of the Duchess of Kent having become a convert to the Roman Catholic faith, does not, when now revived, excite more than a passing remark. If we might hazard a passing and impartial remark, as to the probable consequences of the establishment of Cardinal Wiseman in London as the Head of the Roman Catholic Church, it would be that such a circumstance' would have the effect of strongly uniting the dissentients from that church, and thus at least rendering service to the general cause of humanity, by removing distinctions which frequently have most uncharitable and injurious effects. The American news is the most lament- able and by no means the least extraordinary. That the citizens of the north and the south should have directed their guns; against each other, and kept up a furious cannonade for forty hours, island able. That all this should have been done without one man being killed, or wounded is most remarkable. Thus far, at all events, actual bloodshed had been avoided. The President of the Free States, Mr..Lixcor.N, is said to have presented in his demeanour much calmness and self-possession.' But the crisis is too grave for this to meet with general sympathy. There seems to be a lurk- ing suspicion that Mr. Lincoln's calmness is the result of some, mental, irresolution, amounting to apathy.- The' revolutionists, however, display no such weakness. ? Their recent success gives a powerful impulse to their cause,: and it seemed likely that they would soon have a formidable army ready for an emergency. The next intelligence from the States must be looked for with great interest. :¦'¦;'¦?¦.' The colony of Queensland continues to hold a prominent place in public estimation, whenever.Australian'affairs are discussed. The change that has taken place in the secretaryship of the colonies is, happily, of less importance now than such an event, would have been before the concession of Response- ble Government. We are, therefore, the less interested in speculating upon its character. It will be observed with interest, however, that a number of Australian colonists in London had been again bringing influence to bear in opposition to the transportation of British criminals, to Australia. From this it would appear that projects for such a purpose had again been urged with sufficient pertinacity to attract general notice. Although the Australian Association claims far more local influence than the colonists are prepared to accede to them, it cannot be regretted that they have endeavored to defeat any plans for the renewal or extension of the transportation system in Australia. 