"VICTORIA. By the Oscar we hare Melbourne papers to the 14th instant, from which we subjoin the following extracts:— TiciOMtif Biflb Aesociahos.—Distri bution ob Prizes.—The Argus has the following:—"The distribution of their well-won. guerdons to the prizetakcrs at \- the second meeting of the Victorian Hide Association took place on Saturday morning, at the Jiiiiibitiou Building. The season for gala weather has long past, 60 that it could hardly be hoped that the weather would be appropriate to anything like a military display; still things were done decently and in order. A guard of honour, composed of the Melbourne Proper Company, headed by Captain Kturt, took up their position in front of the building, while the Coliingwood Company's band, attired in their new and tastefully-em broidered uniform, played a variety of be fitting music. Some 200 people awaited the arrival of His Excellsuey the Go vernor, and President of the Asso ciation, outside the building, and about the eamo number were sprinkled about the benches on the floor of the interior and the ridge of the galleries. Some attempt had been made at display by affixing a fee- flags, whose ■colour it must be said were of the dingiest, to the organ ; but till the arrival of the viceregal "party, at a little after noon, affairs had not assumed the m'ost cheerful aspect. Luckily the cheering with which our popular Governor and. 'Major-General Pratt were received put matters in proper trim, and brought the feelings of every one to the proper pitch. Lady Barkly and Mrs. Pratt were seated immediately behind Bir Henry, and ranged near them were a num ber of officers, both regulars and volunteers, and a few ladies. Among these were Colonel Pitt, and Captains Bancroft, Pitt, and Hall; Captain Sir Francis Murphy, and Captain Irving, Secretary to the Association. The pro . ceedings were opened by His Excellency, who called upon the Secretary to Tead the report. ' Captain Irving read as follows:— . _ "In submitting to your Excellency the follow ing brief resume of the proceedings of the V.li-A., at the second meeting held at Sandridge, in the end of last week, the Committee again liud much cause for satisfaction in the work that has been done. "It was originally intended that the meeting should have been held in April last* shortly after Easter, but the encampment on the Werribee rendered it undesirable to carry out this purpose. "The later date was then selected, as it was hoped that many of the volunteers from the country corps would be in Melbourne, for the i review on the Queen's Birthday, and would lie able to remain as competitors. "This consideration induced the Committee to select for the meeting a time of year which has proved in ever}' respect most unseasonable both for spectators and for competitor, and wliich has injured the average of our shooting as compared with that of the English summer meeting, for it is impossible that men can display their 'skill in bleak, gusty weather, or in driving rain, so thick as occasionally almost to hide the target at which they aim. "Hie meeting has, however, been carried through, and, warned by past experience, we may ' learn a lesson which may stand us in good stead for another year; for the Bide Association having now been accepted as an institution in Victoria, must remain, and will lie able, we trust, to do still more in furtherance of its objects than it has yet accomplished. The value of the prizes ottered was in all £665. Of this amount the sum of 100 guineas was ottered by an unknown donor to the Australian volunteer who sliouid prove himself llie best marksman; £50 was the gift of Mr. J. P. Bear; £25 of Mr. Ambrose Kyte; and three rifles, : of the value of £50, were presented by Mr. Grice, the treasurer of the V.E.A. " At the present season much less time in each day was available for shooting than at midsummer j last; still a larger number of competitors have shot at this set of matches than at the preceding, : the Committee having caused two additional . ranges to be fomicd. "After very great deliberation it was decided j the volunteer matches should not, as at the pre vious meeting, lie open to any one who might otter, himself, but that each corps should have the privilege of sending a number of representatives in proportion to its strength. With the exception of a few of the distant corps these nominations were eagerly taken up; and not a few volunteers, ambitious of the honour from which tliev were excluded, blamed the Committee, for having adopted a course for which precedent existed, and which, indeed, seemed the only one open. "With regard to the all-comers' matches, the same difficulty presented itself. More gentlemen were anxious to compete than could possibly shoot within the hours allotted to these matches. In this case, however, as there was no need to do justice to any corps, hut every one was com peting on his own account, the solution of the diffi culty was easy. Saving the rights of members of the Association, aud of volunteers who were coming from other colonies to compete for the 'Victorian Gold Cup,' the lot was employed to decide who should he admitted, it being at the same time pro vided tliat any Victorian volunteer who might be thus excluded, and whose score in the volunteer matches placed him among the best thirty, should [ also have the privilege of competing for the gold cup. " The number of competitors in the volunteer matches amounting to 360, ami in the all-comers' varying from 300 to 360, it is evident that the arrangements could only be carried out by an adhe rence to tlic strictest punctuality. " For a breach of the regulations in this respect not a few competitors were disqualified, among the first of whom were, unfortunately, two of our visi tors from Adelaide. "On a comparison of the shooting at this meet ing with the scores of the last, it appears from the average that, at the shorter ranges—200 and 300 j yards—there is an improvement of about half a point in five shots, while, at the longer ranges—500 and 600 yards—there is a slight falling offi due, no doubt, to the diminution of the target from the regulation size, six feet high by eight feet wide, to , the Wimbledon dimensions of six feet square. "As compared with the Wimbledon shouting of last year, our Victorian volunteers show in the average a slight superiority at 300 yards, and at 500 and 600 yards an inferiority of about half a point in five rounds; but, if we take the weather into consideration, the shooting of June, 1861, in Vic toria, may lie pronounced as good, if not superior, to that of June, 1860, in England. "Still we cannot but expect and hope that July, 1861, will show a marked improvement in the use of the rifle on the part of the volunteers of the old country, and therefore our volunteers may have much yet to learn before they can rival thcin. "Tlib gold medal of the Association fell to Mr. Frost, of the Melbourne Proper Rifles, who made the unusually good score of 11 points in 10 rounds at 600 yards; and, after a tie with the same gentle man and with Mr. Kayc, of the Prahran and South Yarra Rifles, the gold cup was won by Lieutenant Sutherland, who wears the medal of j his own company, the South Australian Free Rifles, for the score of eight points. " While regretting that this splendid trophy , should leave Victoria, no one can grudge the prize to Lieutenant Sutherland, who in other matches also liiglily distinguished himself; but it may be , some comfort to our defeated volunteers to re member that higher scores were required to win both the gold ana the silver medals of the Associa tion, there being a tie for the latter at nine points : between Sergeant Wilkinson, of the Pcntridge i Rifles, who ultimately won it, and Private Davies, : of the Williamstown Naval Brigade. " It may be hoped that in future matches not only South Australian riflemen, but representatives of the other colonics also, may meet here in i friendly rivalry, and that at the forthcoming meet ing of the South Australian Bifle Association Vic torians may strive on Adelaide ground to regain the laurels now wrested from them. " With the subscriptions received and the aid ex tended to it by Government, the V.R.A. has now held the two meetings which it proposed to hold during the first year of its corporate existence, and through it nearly 1,200?. will nave been distributed in prizes. "For the means to continue its operation it looks confidently to public support, sure that the object proposed is one which all ail! be read}' to aid to the best of their ability, namely, the pro moting of emulation and the rewarding of skill in ; the use of the rifle, the truly defensive weapon, wliich it is the wise policy of Britain to place in the hands of her citizen soldiers—her volunteer army." | His Excellency then said tliat it then de volved upon him, in fulfilment of his duty as President of the Victorian Bifle Association, to distribute the prizes gained at the second grand meeting. He could hare wished that the task had fallen to the lot of the gallant Major-General, who, having beeu present at the matches, could have given the prizes eo much more appropriately, and from whom it would have been a greater compliment to re ceive them. He (Sir Henry) regretted that he had not attended the matches liimself, but he had been suffering from severe indisposition at the time, and it must be admitted that the weather was singularly unpropitious. It wsb, however, a source of very great satisfaction to find that, notwithstanding the had weather, the meeting was, on the whole, a success, and that its results would compare favourably with those of last meeting, held in December last, and also stand a comparison with those of the great Wimbledon meeting in England. It was very creditable that this should be the case; ana although the scores at long range at this meeting werenot equal to those made in Christ mas last, it should he borne in mind that the target was now diminished to six feet square, the same as at Wimbledon. He thought this reduction exceedingly judicious, because it was desirable that uniformity should prevail in these matters ; were it otherwise, a fair com parison between the shooting here and in the mother- countiy could not he esta blished. This similarity was also desirable from another reason, for, as they were all aware, in a despatch lately received from the Duke of Newcastle, colonial volunteers were expressly invited by the Queen's express desire to compete at the grand rifle match of the Na tional Association in England. He hoped at the next meeting to be able to rank among the prizes of the Victorian Association the silver medel of the National Association, offered by fhem ffi every colonial rifle association that chose to apply for it. Another great advantage was to be derived from an adherence as closely as possible to the Wimbledon regulations. No doubt what had occurred on this occasion would lead to a good feeliDg of rivalry between the different colonies, and it would be far better that there should be some standard of regula tions to which they could all refer, so that there could be no possibility of a misunderstanding. Even with regard to the questions raised during the present occasion, he believed that if the As sociation had simply stated in its notice that the Wimbledon isolations would be adhered to, no question whatever would have arisen as to the weapons to be need. In t he Wimbledon regula tions it was stated that the weapons to be used in all-comers' matches should be Government rifles of any pattern given out, and with regard lo position it was expressly stated that at short range the rifle should be fired from the shoulder, while ct the longer range it could be fired from the knee, but in the highest position ; so that no dispute could, even from the veiy first, have arisen. He hoped that these regulations would hereafter b : adopted as the standard, so that no mistake ciuld take place. This led him to say thar, so far from regretting that the principal prize given at the meeting should be carried away by a South I Australian volunteer, it really caused bin | very great satisfaction. There was nothing in the circumstauce at all of a nature morti fying to Victorian vanity—(loud applause) — for scores equally large had been made before by Victorian volunteers, and two Victorian volunteers actually tied with the winner. Besides, on the last occasion the cup was won by a Victorian volunteer; and nothing was more likely than that it would be so won again. The object for which the Victorian Jiifle Association was formed was to excite a healthy spirit of riralry in shooting, and thus indiiectly keep up the spirit of the volunteers, and induce good shots to enter the ranks of the volunteer forces. He felt assured that what had occurred on this occasion would keep Victorian volun.eers up to the mark, and show that tliey could not rest on their laurels. They had, in fact, to hold their own against the neighbouring colonics, who, it appeared,' were as good shots as they. He thought they would succeed in this, for on the present occasion in all matches open to all comers the prizes were won by volunteers. On the former occasion in every match some one or other of the prizes was won by a private individual. They might say, there fore, that tbe Association was discharging its duty, and it ouly remained to call upon the public to do their duty and support it by subscriptions, so that it might or ganize further matches, and offer even larger premiums. He would not detain tlieui lunger, but proceed to distribute the prizes. The various winners were then called in order. The presentation of the prizes was accompanied by frequent applause, especially when Lieut. Sutherland, whom Major-General Pratt warmly shook by the hand, presented himself. Wheu the winners of match 5 were called forward, and the Victorian gold cup had to be pre sented, His Excellency said it would be better for him to explain that the Victorian gold cup had in fact no existence at present, but he be lieved tbe wishes of Lieut. Sutherland had been consulted with regard to its manufacture, which was to be entirely of Victorian materials and workmanship. (Applause.) When Lord Nelson destroyed tbe Banish fleet, the people of Denmark consoled themselves willi the re flection that their conqueror was himself of Danish origin, and in the present case Vic torians might console themselves with the fact that the winner of the gold cup was, if not of Victorian origin, at least mainly indebted to this colony fur his tiaining and education He (Sir Henry) had admired the manly straightforwardness of Mr. Sutherland's letter to the newspaper, and, by the wind up, saw also that he knew how to use a Latin quotation. The one ilr. Sutherland used he would repeat, and translate for the benefit of the ladies. It was Haec olim memintsse juvahtt, which meant that the alfair would give them all great plea sure to remember; and he could not help falling back on the fact that if Victoria had not taught Mr. Sutherland to use the rifle, it had taught him how to use a Latin quotation. (Applause.) With regard to the other prizes, it would be worth remark that Mr. Kaye had chosen that his prize should take the shape of a watch, which he would keep as a memorial of the occasion. Mr. Sutherland, who was very nervous and spoke in a very low voice, expressed his thanks for his reception and for the prize which he confessed he had only won after a hard tussle. He hoped some of the Victorian volunteers would win some of the beet prizes at the forthcoming rifle match at Adelaide, which would take place in October next. He believed that the effect of these matches would be to make all volunteers more assiduous in their practice at the target, in order that they might not on occasion be found unworthy guardians of their Queen and country. (Cheers.)" Cuicket.—Some months ago it was appa rently determined that the "All England Eleven" should be engaged, and invited to Victoria to contend with the best of the cricketers of Victoria, and it was, as wc be lieved, settled that the amount required to advance the bold proposition to the fait accompli was arranged to be paid by several gentlemen taking each a share in the certain expenses and possible profits. We learn now that ibe plan then proposed lias fallen to the ground; but the cricketers of Victoria will be glad to learn it has been taken up egain by Messrs. Spiers ana Pond, who first suggested the idea of inviting the English champion band to our shores, and wc arc informed that by the departing mail, Messrs. Spiers and Pond will send Mr. W. B. Mallam as their accredited agent, armed with a large cash credit, and discretionary powers as to the formati n of an engagement with the best eleven the English cricket-fields can show. It is expected that Mr. Mallam's arrangements will be completed so that the eleven will reach here early in December, by the next trip of the Great Britain. They will therefore be able to make about a ten or twelve weeks' stay in Australia, and be able to return to their May engage ments in England.—Argus. Immigration.—In the Legislative Council last evening (the 13th) it was unanimously agreed that the amount of £39,000, set apart out of the immigration vote for the introduc tion of single females into the colony, should be appropriated as follows :—£14,0U0 only for the exclusive introduction of single females, and £25,000 towards assisted immigration under ! the resolutions, whereby persons in the colony ■ are enabled to send lor their relations and friends upon payment of a small amount, that amount, however, being increased fi-oin the pre- i vio .s sum by £1 for adult females, £2 lor adult i males, and 10s. for children under 12 years of age. It was also agreed that the immigrants should be introduced upou the nationality j basis, the same as heretofore.—Age. I The Prince of Wales.—Mr. Embling's i celebrated motion, that an address he presented to Her Majesty, praying that she would be ?leased to assent to His Royal Highness the 'rince of Wales paying a visit, to this colony, came on for discussion in the Assembly last evening (the I3tb), and met with the fate it so richly deserved. The lion, member's argu ments in support of the resolution were some what unique, and evinced a keen eye to busi ness. If the Prince came here, said he, he would be followed by a vast number of tbe aristocracy. The Great Eastern would be laid on to convey the number of persons that would be anxious to accompany the scion of royalty in his tour. Correct information relative to our resources would be disseminated— the Prince would thus be the best immi gration lecturer we could obtain, and our debentures would rapidly rise in the London market. Mr. Micllie said that no doubt it would be very gratifying to the hon. member to succeed in his object, and to be created " Sir Embling;" and suggested that if the Prince did arrive, he should he met by the hon. member for Collingwood, riding on a Bcgal Koodoo, whilst the other members of tho Committee might be mounted on some of the other animals which he (Mr. Embling) had been so instrumental in intro ducing to tbe colony. Mr. -Michie, however, thought it was not very complimentary to the Prince to attempt to turn him into a circula ting advertising machine, or one of the large posters which was stuck over the city, repre senting two rival medical practitioners—the one an equestrian, looking with awful disgust at the crowd of patients that flocked to his opponent's shop. Mr. Embling was too glad to withdraw his motion.—Age. Mjt. Bubke.—The Exploration Committee had a meeting yesterday (the 13th), at which it was resolved at once to dispatch a person to Cooper's Creek to endeavour to obtain some in formation of the Exploring Expedition. The Committee, however, entertain at prcseut no feara of the safety of the party, but tbey think it rather strange that Mr. Wright has never ! conveved any intelligence to Menindce. A Mr. Walsh, we understand, is the person to be entrusted with the commission. He has been-highly recommended by Professor Kea rns yer.—Age. The Census.—We have been favoured with tbe gross results of tbe late census, from which it appears that the present population of the colony is as follows;—Males, 328,651, showing an increase since 1857 of 64.317; and females, 211,671, showing an increase since tho same date of 65,239. The total population, there for^ according to the last census is 540,322, showing a gross increase since 1857 of 129,556, or about 31 per cent.—Age. Tease and Customs.—The acceptance of Mr. Loader's resignation by HIb Excellency the Governor and the appointment pi his suc , oeseor is notified in a supplement to the Go vernment Gazette, published last evening. The new Commissioner of Trade and Customs is the lately elected member for Mandurang, Mr. Sullivan. Mr. Loader's successor is an untried man in Parliament, having only taken his seat some eight or ten days ago. The public, therefore, are wholly unacquainted ns to what his pretensions to office are. He may or may uot bs an cifeciire speaker and an able Minister; but it yet remains to be seen whether his future career will justify his unprece dented ly early appointment as a Cabinet Minister.—Age. C01TJTEECLA.il. The'-drgiti of the 14th has the following:— The transactions of the past week have been of so limited extent as liaielv to offer occasion for remark. Country trade lias been exceedingly limited in amount, and in the import market, beyond a few unimportant transactions, there has been literally nothing doing. Holders appear to he acting with caution, and are alike unwilling to accept either the risk of long credit sales or reduced prices, and as buyers still abstain from purchasing largely, trade is natural! v confined to narrow limits. Tiie advices by the mail due on Monday will pro bably have some efiect on markets, althougli, with the extent of stocks of nearly a.11 descriptions of imported goods on band, there is, we think, but little probability of any prospect of advance in prices, and should intelligence of excessive ship ments hating been resumed be received, we fear, in the present condition of trade, a general decline iu rates must be looked for. Bulk ale is in lessened enquiry and rather easier in price. Bass's Ho. 3, new brew, has receded to SI 15s. and Hi.; the de mand for bottled is steady, and prices are un changed. Butter is in less enquiry, and not above 101 per lb. can be quoted for best parcels of newly landed Cork. The flour market has been inactive, although a speculative enquiry towards the close of the week has given the market ►ffc. ' " firmer torn;. Oats are in steady demand, but imports from Tasmania are coming forward freely, ana check any advance in prices. In oilmen s stores and provisions transactions have been ex ceedingly limited, and no alterations in prices have occurred. Teas and coffees are in but moderate enquiry at unchanged rates. Sugars continue to advance in value, and, stocks being low lwth iu the hands of dealers and importers, no reduction on present prices can be early expected. A por tion of the cargo ex Norman, from Mauritius, has been placed by auction during the week at prices showing an advance on former rates of about 30s. Eer ton in good to fine grocery' sorts, fine yellows ringing as high as 4(11. 17s. <51, and fine white crystals 4SI. 12s. <51 per ton. Kice is in lessened enquiry, and prices of old Patna are given at lower rates. Notwithstanding the reported error as to the quantity of brandy in bond, prices do not im prove ; and by auction rather easier rates have been submitted to, Martell's dark bringing 10s. <id., Henuessy's do. 10s. 4d., Bellot's dark and pale 5s., and Benault's bottled 27s. <Sd. to 2Ss. tid. per doz., in bond. Old torn is ill more enquiry, and firmer in price. Geneva in good demand; best brands quoted at from 10s. (id. to IGs. Hd. per case. Deals are scarcely so firm in price, and, with expected arrivals, rates are likely to give way. Stocks of tobacco are accumulating, anl although generally well held, prices are easier. In other goods there is uo change to remark. 