LATEST FKOM ETJEOPE. m Orders have been issued to strengthen the fortifications of Portsmouth at the salient points of their sea face, and the approaches to Spit head, with forty of tho IGO-pounder Armstrong, guns. Lady Stamford has given a donation of £300, to be divided equally between the poor of the two parishes of St. Mary and All Saints, at Newmarket, in commemoration of the victory of Diophantus in the Two Thousand Guinea Stakes. We understand that on the 1st of July the experiment of establishing a branch of the Com- missariat Department in direct communication with the Treasury will be attempted at Ports mouth, ia the southwestern district.-Army and Navy Gazette. A saiall yacht has been launched by Tod aud Macgregor (Clyde) for Mr. Livingston. The prospectus has been issued of the China and Japan Steam Navigation Company, which propoies_ to supply a regular, speedy, and safe communication along tho extensive line of coast and in the rivers of Chiua. Wo have now only to repeat our belief in the information upon which we led our readers to anticipate Lord Herbert's retirement, and the inquiries we have deemed it our duty_ to niako since then only serve to confirm our idea of its perfect accuracy.-Army and Navy Gazelle. The working of the Turkish bath system in the Cork District Lunatic Asylum has been eminently successful. The Marquis of Normanby has been otpellod from the Florentine Club, owing to his attaet upon King Victor Emmanuel. If ever the Warrior burns all her coals out, and has to return to port in heavy weather, she is likely to be, to say the least, almost danger "ously topheavy.-The Times. M. de LessepB recently _ stated at a publio dinner at Trieste that within a year and a half from this time the piercing of the Isthmus of Suez will be so far advanced as to allow vessels of 100 tons burthen to enter the canal. New difficulties aro anticipated botweon Spain and Morocco. The flood of Tartar immigration into tho Tur- kish dominions has recommenced. The Thames Soap -Mills, at East Greenwich, have been destroyed by fire, damages £30,000. In Jamaica the Cotton Growing Company have determined to plant several thousand acres immediately, so that the crop may bo in Man- chester beforo the end of tho year. Messrs. Westley Richards and Co., of Bir- mingham, have just completed an order from the Government for some of their breech-loading rifled muskets, with Whitworth barrels. A Mrs. Maria Higgins was entitled to a life annuity, payable out of the Dublin Court of Chancery, with power to dispose by will of the fund in court. In 1838 the husband of this woman produced a certificate of her death and of her burial in Glasnevin Cemetery, and also a will, purporting to be made by hor, and in virtue of it a sum of £500 was drawn out of the court. Recently a fraud was suspected, and tho coffin, when examined, was found to contain only stones and rags. We regrot to find by tho report of the Sailors' Home and Destitute Sailors' Asylum, that tho number of able-bodied seamen has diminished in this country.-Army and Nany Gazette. Tlie chaplains of the army have taken to wearing their war medals al Court. There is a report that tho Prince of Wales will shortly join the Curragh Camp, and do duly with the Guards. It is reported that a large amount of Califor- nian gold has been consigned to Loudon direct, as a safer market than New York. There will, duringa period of confusion, bo a great demand in America, for tho precious metals, if only they can bo procured.-Econo- mist. Le Moniteur de la^Flotle informs us that the Danish Government has ordered two iron-plated friuiitca, on tho model of La Gloire, to bo built in France. Much indignation was expressed at the fact that Prince Napoleon steamed into Geneva with the French flag at the mast, and the authorities insisted upon its baing furled. I have reason to think lhat'lhorc is some truth in tho report (already noticed from the Indépend- ance Belge) that larger liberties are about to be conceded to the press.-Paris correspondence of tho Express. , A peace of news which w ill appear singular in England has been rcoioved from a goo J source. It is that in tho month of June next the Emperor of the French will go to Toulon to " assist " at some experiments in tho art of boarding ships, to be mado between a three decker and tho iron plated La Gloiro '.-Court Journal. Kosstith, whoso arrival in Paris wnsprcma turoly announced some days Hiuce, is said to bo hero at the present moment, but only since yesterday, and it is- added that ho is going off to Turin immediately. Some say that he is al ready goue. At Turin ho will certainly linvo a conference with some leaders of the Hungarian emigration.-Paris correspondence of the Expresa. Govcrmcnt has givon notice that tho subsidy for the extra mail to China will be discontinued after July 1st. There will then bo only a monthly instead of fortnightly mail to China. The floating batteries /Elna and Thunderbolt, anchored in the Thames for the protection of that river, aro each armed with sixteen 08 poun- ders. Every vessel attempting to push up the Thames from the Nore would como under tho close and heavy cross ilro of these batteries. An extensive"Benian villa, with its dependant establishments, has been lately brought j;o (¡ghi by the plough und the spado, at Walesby. The villa stands within half-a-mile of tho Bonum road from Camulodtinuin to tho settlements in Yorkshire. The spot commands a viow of Lincoln. . Orders have been issued to hasten on instruc lion in tho Armstrong gun as rapidly as possible. Strong detachments of officers and nin-com missioned ollicors of tlie Boyal Artillery have been ordored up, during liie past week, to Shocburyncss, liiere to coinnpnee a course qf rifle grout gun practice,-Army ami Nany Gazette. A lotter from Paris rovivos tho question of the Syrian occupation, touothor with Uto rumour of the probability of an English force landing at St. Jean d'Acre. It is said that Austria and Prussia agroo with the proposal of an ICngliih occupation of Acre, and it is further si i 2(1 that Admiral Mundy has visited the plae>>, lo see how the Turks wore getting on with tho fortifications. _ Tho iron-clad frigate Warrior is only to l^iyo six Armstrong guns- lQO/r¡quud.ora. The rest ofh,or armaineiit ia tq consist of common'08 poundors. The now Director of Ordnance will, in all likelihood, be Colonel Alexander Tulloh, now Inspector of Artillery. Colonel Tulloh's ex perience admirably qualifies him for the post. Army and Navy Gazette, There is no truth about Franoo or Italy having over desiroil to form an offensive and defensivo alliance; nor have any overtures on that subject over boon mude.-Paris correspondence of tlie Morning Post. The recently established Sanitarium at tho Cape for tho treatment of military invalid,* from India is about tq bo abandoned,' A 'oóIHbIoii of departments has, na usual, boen tho oauso of this profligato wasto of tho publio money. A man recently entered tho bedroom of tho Tuscan Minister at Eomo, and, holding a poniard at his throat, onforced absoluto silence, exclaiming, " Deliver up, or you qro a dead mai)." Tho Minister was obltgucl to ela so to the tuno of 500 dallara, tho thief rolirlng qnoitly. Wo iwdurattmd tluib on a recent division in tho Houho of Commons on tho Budget, a membor, (Lord Vano Tempo.it,) who was in a private asylum under a certificate of lunacy, was brought up on the occasion to volo against the Budget, ai^d aflei'.wavc^i reuirnèil tq his asylum. fl!his is exciting ii good deal of ¡ubi est, and ono of tho Commissioner» lu Lunaoy was sent down on Monday In ordor to Inquire into tho oli'C'iinistiinoes of this extraordinary procod ing.-licfovd. A Mr. Wilson, of Car-tnirs, recently bequeath ed "unto tl|c person fqi> thommo being Emperor ofOliinn tho sum ofliiiiiolocn pounds ninuteeu shillings, as a mark of my gratitude for the uniform attention with whiehl was treated by tho officials of that omi ire during my visit there in the year ono thousand oight hundred and fifty-five." îflio Wglit Hiv. Mr. M'Qetttguu, said to have bopii thé . oldest ""bishop in Europe, died at jus » rosidonco, iii 'tho county of B/onogal, on May 1» 