MISCELLANEOUS. Home politics havo been at a standstill. This la the dead season for demonstrations. We stated in our last that Lord Derby had again recovered, and that it was solemnly in. nounced that he would be in his place to lead his party «hen Parliament met. We also mentioned that he was to lose ¿5 " whip," Sir \V. Jollfle. Lord It, Montague was first men- tioned, and then Lord Edwin Hill, as his probable successor but it is now settled that Colonel Taylor is to fill the post. Bli William Hayter resigns at the same timo the position which lor nearly ten years he has held in the Liberal party. Publie at- tention being monopolised by China and Italy, the speech« which have been made during the past month have mostly turned, to a greater or less degree, on these themes-cn which there was nothing new to bo said. But we have alta had speeches on domestic topics from Mr. Newdegate, Mr. F, PeeL Mr. Bright, and Mr. Gilpin. The last-named gentleman, who holds the office of Secretary of the Poor-law Board, stated that he understood it was the intention of Lord J. Russell to Intro- duce into Parliament, in tho ensuing session, a liclorm bill similar in its provisions to that of last session, but slightly modified. Mr. Gilpin, however, took care to add that he (poke " by permission, and not on authority." Some discussion has been excited by an address recently delivered by Mr. DUraelt at a meeting of the clergy and laity of a rural deanery In Buck- inghamshire. Mr. DlBraeli's object was to get the elerey to rally to his standard, and to reject every compromise of the church-rate question, which ho would make a question of poli- tical party, ile appears to have been unsuccessful, howerer, for the clergy are, as a body, keeping out of the agitation. Lord Palmerston made a couple ot speeches at Hornsey the other day, ot tho meeting" Of the Labourers' Encouragement Association for that district ; but they were social and agricul- tural rather than political in their scope, except In so far u referred to the Volunteers. The Volunteers now numbered about 170,000; and Lord Palmerston pointed emphatically ti the enormous value of this force as a national defence. ItENXWED AGITATION FOU THE ItErBAL OP THE ÜÍH0K-. A repeal meeting was held on 'Tuesday, Dec, 4, at the Round Koom of the ltotunda, Dublin. A green banner inscribed, " Aid yourselves, and God will aid you," was waved before the excited audience, over whom the O'Donoghuc, M.P., presided. His speech was vehement ; he ran over the history of the old agitations, and declared that, as the Uulon had been accom- plished without the consent of the Irish people, so " the longer It endured the more Insupportable it became." Mr. O'fidll Daunt expressed a hope that " their hatred of the Lectslatlre Union might be as lasting as their love of liberty." The Her. M'Mullen, from Meath, declared that "they were overtaxed because England was afraid of invasion," and their roads were flooded with emigrants ; they should combine to prevent the present drain of the bone and sinew of the country. " Before Europe and the Eternal God, they would never allow them- selves to be trodden down as slaves," Mr. John .Martin, of'l8 notoriety; Mr. Maguire, M.P., declaring he had nolovott agitation; and Mr. underwood, also addressed the meeting. The last gentleman indicated three ways to accomplish Miete views-firstly, force, received with tremendous cheering; secondly, by reason; and thirdly by chance; both of which were received lu silence. Hut " ohance" was also enthusiasti- cally adopted when Mr. Underwood suggested that, " if the sword of France was used against England ; if a French fleet was thrown into the Irish Channel," It might be fatal to England. The ltev. Mr. Lavelle alto indicated bia preference for force : reason being lost on an Englishman-you must appeal to his/ran/ Ile pertinently hinted to the auditory that it was not by hurrahs they would attain their object. A quiet vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the business. A terrible colliery explosion occurred at the Black Vein Pit, near Newport, in Wales, on Saturday, December l, when 199 men descended, of whom only C4 men have been rescued, so that 135 miners have lost their lives; 80 bodies have been brought up, but the rest cannot be recovered for a week or a fortnight. The inquest was opened on Tuesday by the Jury discharging the painful task of viewing the bodies. The Go- vernment Inspector, Mr. Brough, is now making an investiga- tion. The work of charity is begun for the widows and orphans. Ladles from Newport have faced the inolement weather to becoino ministering angels among the distressed and bereaved. A public subsonptlon is about to be set on foot. In every class ol society the painui! event is the all-absorbing topic. Of the highly dangerous and often fatal character ol the Black Vein Pit, which is ISO yards deep, with three miles of workings, tho.coroner's records during the past fifteen years tell a frightful talc. Withlu that period, first nearly forty live« were lost ; eight years ago, eleven ; five years since, four or five ; and now the awful number stated above. A cemetery ii about to bo made In the vicinity of tho works, to be devoted to the interment of the men and their wives and famille». Ground has been given up for that purpose by the lessees, the Itisca Company, and the lessor, Baron Tredcgar. A dispensa tlon lina been granted by the Bishop of the diocese, and the work is to be forthwith commenced. The cemetery will be devoted at the outset to the reception of the bodies of the un- fortunate men who have thus miserably perished. Another fatal colliery accident occurred on Tuesday, Dec 4, at Nallsca, South Wales. Three men and titree boys were at work in Mr. Fuller's pit ; one of the men, John Wright, struck Into the old workings, and in a moment a large body of water rushed through the crevice. Before he could recover hlnuell he waa overpowered by the water and ddbrls Ills five companion! made their way to the shaft and were speedily out of harm'i way. An explosion took place in a coal-pit at maryport at loor o'clock on Monday, Doe. 3. Three of the men were mined i search being Instituted, the body of one was recovered «1th bli bead severed from tho body. The two others were not found. Christmas is to too many in tills country, year after year, nor- thing but a season of enjoyment. Untoward circumstance!, however, have on this occasion largely swelled the Hat ol tho« v/ho suffer the pinching gripe of penury, and who are mide to feel the dire want of the present all the more bitterly from the comparative comfort they once enjoyed. In Coventry and tit. neighbourhood, upward* of 20,000 persons, young and old, en- gaged in the ribbon and silk trades, arc, In consequence ot-the stagnation of business, In a state ol absolute destitution Toe funds of the most lrugal have bcon exhausted by tho long-con- tinued slackness, and the future Is so hopeless that theutuil credit, which an honest and industrious workman can culb; obtain in a dull season, Is not to be had. It Is impossible.« state in words the Intensity of the distress, but the detallan« of the most harrowing description. One family was found wto had sold all their furniture, with the exception of a table tad two or three chairs; and after making that sacrifice, had only s little bread, and a few crusts to eat during two days. Another, after selling all their furniture to get food, sold a quart Jiuj.tti» only article of value ihey had left, to buy a twepenny lou. These cases arc but samples of thousands or others. [A pabilo meeting was held In the Town-hall of Birmingham on the llttl of Oecomber, to tako stops for the relief ot tho distress In Co- ventry and its neighbourhood. ¿200 was subscribed. A meet- ing »as also hold In the Mayor's parlour nt Manchester for tb» same object, and £223 was subscribed The Queen has ooutrl buted loo guineas to tho fund In aid of the weavers.] ' It is rumoured that tho Prince of Wales is about to pureiMe a splendid residence in tile Highlands. The Prince's property Is to be Glengarry. General Dunne, Garibaldi s aid-de-camp in all his campton! in Slolly and Naples, was shot at Naples on tho 7th Instant, ey« > man said to be a Sicilian, Instigated thereto by the UenenU, having known him to be a coward, Interfering with hil pro motlou. At the lost accounts tho gallant General wa> «lu alive. "vii Tai Gazelle de Savoie reports progress or the great SuMlplne tunnel, which steadily advances, while abovo ground such outer, mighty enterprises proceed. On the south side or Cenls, It Ute Bardonnccho aperture, the boro vaulted over is 727 nietrwlwi|. At the north entry, near Madono, the vaulted passage oounti 020 metres, steam perforator« being at work in both. c A letter from Naples Bays that tho bane or that countrylitt» ?rccd for places, 'lho King's lieutenant had received ot« 3,000 applications lor places fn less than three weeks. The greatest efforts aro being mado to Inorcaao tho It»«»* / Brmy and navy. The Volunteers aro returning home in «re» numbers, dlssntlslled with thosoruples which havo TeitttnM tho King from granting Garibaldi's urgent request that nu army might bo relamed as now organised, ollloers and men Be- ing confirmed In their present gradea. General Fantl, bitterly oppoaed to the claims of tho volunteers, Induced the King tt lX refuse thltf prayer i a refusal much to bo regretted, as it would havo been easy to Induce Garibaldi to consent to the eumina tlon of any ollloers elenrly unlit for their position. A eommliv sion, composed ol Garibaldi's generals and IModmontcw officers, Is busy settling the claims of those who wish to Join tho IbUlfn. army. ., Railway carriages and their dangers aro Just now unpleasantly prominent in the publio mind. A gentleman was found dew In a carriage on an Italian railway a fortnight ago, wneuer murdered or self killed docs not appear. A man was tqunj i out to pieces in a Frenoh raliway oarrlnge about the samo time. Tho King of Holland bus Just escaped being smashed on a rail- way. And M. PohiBOt, one of the moat eminent magistrale! oi , Paris, was murdered, ten days ago, In a llrst-olass carrUueoa tho Parla aud Strasburg line. He was alone In the carrIM*-* the murderer slipping In no ono can Imagino how-and »p pours to havo been asleep when the crlmo was committed. -A man having been scon to Jump from the train, tho murder u supposed to havo been committed by bira. Tho event hoscauiea a most painful sensation. The publio demande a moro efnoienj oversight or tho oarrlnges on tho part or tho conductor, ana somo means of communication between tho carriages. N0 true of tho murderer has been found. Meantime Paris amules Itself as ubuoI, and tho season of dissipation will commence with tho court gaieties that will probably follow the return oi tho Empress. ,, A triangular collision of railway trains took place on Friday Nov. 30. A goods train was shunting at Croft, near Darlington, when a "pick-up" train from York came dashing round a curve, and ran into the goods train. Before either train could be stopped, a third came up from Darlington and ran into both trains. Engines, tender, waggon, horses, and merchandise, were scattered in wild confusion over the line, which was totally choked up ; but happily nobody was injured, except the Railway Company, which will lose thousands of pounds. Sir Dulan in "Walker lias resigned the omeo ho basso long hold ns Surveyor or tho Navy, and lins aoooplcd the coniumw at tho Cape of Good Hope. ScYCinl changes In tho diplomatic service have boen an- nounced .-Lord LoHub, hitherto at Vienna, and Lord Bioon Held, hitherto at Berlin, olmngo places t Lord Napier, with Hi» ' ' " ' dor Extraordinary and Minister Plonll*«?/ Pctcmburg lrom tho Hnguo i Sir John Cramp ton from St. Petersburg toMadrld, and Sir Andrew Buchan« tlary, goes to St. Petersburg from tho Hu, ton from St. Petersburg to ' ' " lrom Madild to tho Hague. T|io Russian mid Austrian ministers at tho Court oi ¡h< Inines's havo boen raised to tho rank of ambassadors. On a recent visit of the Duke of Cambridge to Major-Gene ral Hall, at Weston Colville, Cambridgeshire, his royal high- ral Hall, ness, his , at Weston Colville, Cambridgeshire, his royal high", s gallant host, Earl Jermyn, M.P., Lord Braybrooke. Colonel Macdonald, and Mr. H. J. Adeane, M.P,, shot m ita 7ÍI !,".". 1» ""l.htta "tiri nu« r,a»>rMin>ll. mllUM » , It is carious that not a single addition by way of creation has > ' been made to the House of Lords during the first 11 months o . 'the year which is now drawing to a close, neither Bob any fresh . creation of o baronetcy been made. Lord Word has been ele- vated to tfie earldom of Dudley, and Lords Bwwta««» Kinnaird have received new grants of peorageB,.with; remainder to their brothers respectively; but the only additions to tue roll of the Upper House have been made by the accessions 01 the Hon. Mr. Campbell and Lord Ockham to the barontaof Stratheden and Wentworth, whllo tho house has nurncrtoany lost two members, one by the accession of Lord Enfield (Baron Straflbrd) to his father's earldom oi Stratford; and one-Byjho death of Lord Elphinstone, and the consequent extinction of The preliminary reports of Sir-Leopold M'Clintopk and Cap- tain Allen Young on the North Atlantic telegraph survey aro pubUshed. . Tho former says the explorations afford much encouragement for the national undertaking. Captain Young saya the survey Is favourable to the practicability of the under- taking. There need be no apprehensions aa to the laying of tho cable, for there will always be opportunities of laying It in clear and open sea as the ice disperses ; and, onoe laid, no drift " ice can injure it if the shore end bo perfectly secured. Dr. Hao reports that tho land line is practicable, and that the shore ends can bo submerged without difficulty. The Danish delegates \- confirm these opinions. The question of religious liberty In Spoin was brought before Lord John Bussell at the Foreign-office on December 5. An influential deputation, headed by Lord Stratford do Bcdrliffe and Sir Cullen Eardley, waited upon lils lordship for the pur- pose of soliciting his good oflloea on behalf of certain persecuted Protestants in Spain. It appears front the memonals which were presented by the deputation, that several Protestants have been imprisoned, and compelled to herd with criminals, solely on the ground of their rclt|dous opinions. Lord John, in re- ply, pointed out the difficulty of moving In tho matter-the difficulty which might possibly arise from tho encouragement that popular fanaticism might lend to a policy of intolerance ; but he said that if, on consideration, he believed any good could be done, his efforts should not bo wanting to promote that object. It is stated, on the authority of the Leeds Mercury, that a combined eflort will be made by the wine trade to demonstrate to Mr. Gladstone the inexpediency of arranging the new duties on the principle of the alcoholic test. Tho French Govern- ment are represented to feel much dissatisfaction at the pro- posed scale, which will seriously interfere with the importation of wino in bottle. A penny subscription recently opened at Brighton for a tes- timonial to Garibaldi is progressing beyond the most sanguino expectations of the projectors. The penco are flowing in from allpnrts of the country. The following gentlemen had an interview on December 12 with the Duke orNewcastle, at the Colonial Office, on tho sub- ject of removing certain restrictions on Coolie immigration from India lo Northern Australia (Queensland) :-Lord Alfred Churchill, M.P., the lion. Louis Hope, Mr. F. W. Bigge, Mr. A. Honor, Mr. H. Hughes (chairman Peel River Company), Mr. E. Anderson (chairman Aberdeen Company), Mr. A. Ball, Mr. John Peter, Mr. C. C. M'Donald, Mr. W. O'Grady Haly, and Mr. F. Mangles. The Empress of Austria has arrived safe at Madeira, and Ira proved In health. The crew of the Vlotoria and Albert have received £600; Captain Denman, a gold snufT-box ; and Com- mander Christian and Dr. Mluter, massivo gold rings all set with diamonds. The King of the Belgians has just completed lils 70th year. The Chrlatmas-day of 18S0 more than justified tho place which it occupies in the winter season. A severer frost, or a moro biting cold, could scarcely be experienced in the Arotic regions. Large masses of Ice floated down the Thames, the parks pre- sented a scene of wintry desolation, and the streets of the great metropolis looked sombre and deserted. Tho accounts from all parts of the country are equally indicative of a hard winter-a Beaton still more Inclemeut than tho well-remembered one of Tho Thames greatly overflowed It« banks at Egham,' early In December, the meadows being deep under water ; Runnymead, consisting of about loo aores, presented the appearance of a lake, and the lower road to the royal borough of Windsor was Jmpossablo for soma time. Similar inundations bad taken place lu many parts of England at that time 