SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. I Politioally, the month has been ono of gre xt excitement, prolonged dobates in Parliament, and events of gravity and importance. The results may be briefly summed up, and they aro'tbeso : That after a debato protracted ovsr twenty cne hours of one Bitting, the ,Lsgislativo Aesembly, on tho 15th instaut, adopted » motion of want of confidence in Mr. nealos's Government, on tho part of the IIouso and the country, by a majority of thirty-sovon to nine,' 1 een ; that tho Ministry, on the pica that the country differed from the view of the Houso, asked and obtained from His Excellency the Governor power to disäolvo the Assembly ; thal tho Assembly, by a majority of thirty-three te twenty-two, adopted an address of remon slrance to His Excellency on the ooursi which ho had taken in resolving on i dissolution of that Chamber; and that Hi Excellency, in reply, assurod tho Assembly tin it would bo early called togethor again for the despatch of the business left over from thi session, tho recoption of now measures, and th consideration of tho Estimates for 1SG2. Thi day (Tuesday, Juno 25), the Appropriation Bil will bo brought in-all other Legislativo husmos is suspended-and within tho next few day Parliament will bo prorogued, with a view to dissolution of the Assembly, aud the immédiat issuing of tho writs for a goneral election, th prevalent anticipation being that tho new Parlit mont will bo called together early in AuguBt noxl ?when the battle between the friends and foe« o tho Ileales ¡.Cabinet will bo at onco resunioc mainly to decido these gravo questions-growin in importance every day - in whose hands sha tho administration of the Land Bill bo left, an whether a woak and worthless Governmont oa rule such a colony as Victoria without danger t ils best interests ? Tho issue to which wo havo now alluded wa early foreseen. It was anticipated by no ono tha a Ministry formed by accident could hold ofix: for any Iengthonod period, or with advantage f the public. It was agreed on all hands that wit tho passngo of tho last of tho Estimates would oom the question of tho furthor existence of tb Ministry. In tha meantime, various diffioultie which had previously stood in tho way c tho formation of a strong Government, In been removed. Ono gentleman, whoso claim to bo the hoad of a now Government wot embarrassingly strong, had retired from Parlit nient on a prolonged visit lo England. Inflnonc of a potent and beneficial kind lind removed c smoothed over tho obstacles thnt separated Mi O'shanassy and Mr. Duffy; it was found that M Nicholson was not unwilling to co-operate ; whil Mr. Michie might also lend his long-withhold aie] and Mr. Haines seemed to bo generally looked to ! tho hoad of a Govornment, which, if compose cf tho gentlemen whoso names havo been airead quoted, would nt least bo powerful in administra tivo capacity, in expoiionco of business, at linowlectgo of tho real desires and requirements i the colony, and which in debato would bo una; jroachablo. That suah a Ministry was possib was ascertained as the Estimates drew near close, and the issue was soon raised by a motic of " want of confidence," placed on the papnr I Mr. Hedley, the representativo of South Gip Land( a young member, put forward for ti occasion, and by whom tho motion wassnbmitti to tho Legislativo Assembly on Friday, tho l-l instant. Tho main chargo which ho broug «gainst tho Cabinet was incapacity to carry on t business of the country ; anil ho referred to the stn of tho business of tho country and a wasted sossie to provo that if Ministers had a policy it had bo concealed, while the foto of tho few measur submitted during tho session showed that t Cabinet had not tho strength to carry on tho e elinary business of Parliament, even "in the £ tcmbly, and notoriously so in the Council. palpable had this weakness becomo that ho a other country members, who could not afford waste their timo in Melbourne during long a fruitless sessions, would havo resigned thoir se had thoy not found that tho formation of a rea f.trong Governmont was possible. Tho moti was seconded by Mr. Carr, an older mc-mber, w nlto represents a country constituency, and w charged tho Ministry with having turnod out t Nicholson M inistry bocauso it withheld for a til n, declaration of Us polioy on tho ques'.ion of t pastoral lands, and yet thoy had concealed th on n polioy on that great question, Hoobjectod a to tho manner in whioh tho Royal prerogative mercy had been exorcised in tho case of Shank (a murderer), and to sovernl la'.o appoii menta to tho magisterial bonch as disgraceful tho Cabinet. Mr. Verdon, tho Treasurer, : plied to thoso charges, and attributed the moti to a forogono conclusion that as soon as t " dirty work" of the reductions on tho Estima for tho Civil Sorvico and publio works waa p formed, tho Ministry should bo dismissed. . twitted the Opposition with their old polit'n dissensions, doubted tho probability of a stro Government being formed out of ils demon argued tbat the Houso had virtually condemn ii self by its frequent votes of "want of coi dence" in Ministries, and stated his bolief ti his colleagues could safoly appeal to tha coun »gainst tho possible vordict of tho House. S Duffy held that no Govornment had ever boan forbeariDgly treated, and that their utter want capacity to deal with tho legislativo bi ness of tho country called for their c missalj the real Government sitting on i Opposition benches. Mr. Don, in Eupport Ministors, counselled thom to appeal to ' country on "free land," "reform of tho Up; IIouso," "payment of members,"and "ta tion of imports." Mr. O'shanassy pointed i tho absoluto inability of Ministers to carry t measure into law. Though ho desired t3 tho Upper House reformed, so that it might less obstructive, ho had no WÍBII to seo it eloc on a basis of universal auffrago, and far less see it abolished or rendered useless. Oa singlo distinct issue, ho asserted, could the ( vernmonl go boforo tho country, because on one question wero they united, or had thoy gi utterance to a clear expression of opinion. Ti had dealt with financial questions in the mid of the session, and they had attempted to int duco protectionist doctrines by a sido-wind, i without a fair or distinct appeal to Houso or the country. Theso wero suffioi reasons to induco him to support tho moti Mr. Higinbotham opposed the vote, mainly tho ground that Ministers had not received a l trial, and that if thoy wero UDÍH for off they had been equally unfit whe i thoy wore , _" - ..-- . »uuj nata au Icctcd six months ago. Mr. Michie answered this argument, and showed that the weakness of tho Ministry had been their only strength. Shortly beforo midnight, Mr. Heales movod tho adjournment of the dobate until Tuesday, but the motion was negatived by thirty-nino to twonty tlireo. It was not forgotton that a similar roquaät put forward by tho Nicholson Govenimont hld been refused, and the llonso-tho division on the question of adjournment being looked upon as a tett of tho strength of parties-seemed resolved to force a division on tho main question. From midnight till half-past five o'clock on Saturday morning, Miuibters sat silent on the Treasury benches, while threo or four loquacious mombors, in thoir interest, successively moved the adjourn- ment of tho House and tho adjournment of tho de» bate, every successive appeal being negativpd by successivo majorities. At last, at the hour mentioned, Mr. líenles rose, and, on tho pwl of Government, entered into a long defence of their policy, or no-policy, endeavouring to show that with the Honse itself rc3tod the Momo of no measures having been passed, Mr. Ireland followed with a humorous history ol ¡ his political troubloa, and said tho issues to h, put boforo tho country were-an «Iteration of titi ,constitution of tho Upper House; secular oducn i tion ; free soleotion of lund at 20s. por acre, with | out limited auction for country lands ; tho turn ing of tho largo pastoral runs into grazing farin.3 and payment of members. Mr. llamea argus I that a strongor Government, with an ¡ntolligibl .policy, was necessary to maintain tho progress o tho country ; while Mr. Brooke asked whothe that stronger Government was to bo expected a tho hands of tho lion, momber (iii-. Haine» .who, on a former occasion, had suffjred the roi« of power to drop helplessly from hin». Tb debato was protracted-with an interval of a hour-until one o'clock on Saturday aftorooot when Ministers were beaton by a majority c thirty-seven to nineteen. On the Tuesday following (tho ICth), M Hoalcs announced that His Excellency, in ni Ewer to a request, had conceded to bira the powi to difsolvo the A«.3tnbly. Mr. Hiiucioxproiso his surpriso that such a course lud boon resolve upon, in tho unsettled tua te of public busin:» nnd in the face of the largo majority on the motto of want of confidence. Tho dissolution o o ni only occasion a loss of time, as both tho Horn and tho country were preparad for a change, c Ministers. He considered it-most undoairab flint the extraordinary powers given by tho Lind | Lill, as regarded the pastoral lands-a question i that it had boen agreed should bo dealt with in j another measure-should be left in the hands of the present Cabinet, while a dissolution would re- move the only check on their action. He, there- fore, moved the appointment of a committee, consisting of Mr. O'shanassy, Mr. Duffy, Mr. Michie, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Wood, and him hilf, to preparo an address to His Ex- cellency on tho subject; and was prepared to adviso the House not to pass tho Appro- priation Bill until an answer should bo received Irera His Excellonoy, of assurance that Parlia- ment would be called together again with tha least possible delay. Mr. O'shanassy seconded tho motion. He pointed out tho danger .of a dissolution in tho face of an expected and unpro \idcd-for deficit of above a quarter of a million of nveiiuo ; and supported the motion, believing (hat it was necessary to bring His Excollancy'-s action in this matter under review, and that ,-it would show at homo that| if frequent political changes occurred in Victoria, the fault did not nlnoys lie with the House or the people. Mr. Ireland denied that tho Governor was unmindful of his responsibilities, and said it was intended that the House should re-assemble as soon ai tireumstances would permit. Tho committeo -was then agreed to, and, having relired for half aa hour, brought in the address, which will bo found in anothor column. Its terms gavo lite to a very animated discussion, in the courso of which Mr. Ireland gavo it as bis opinon thai Die Land Bill gavo the Government extraordinär/ powers, and said :-" The real sooret of the oppo- sition was, that the Land Sales Act gave the Go- vernment power to deal with thepastoral question, though ho did not say that any Govornmen tough 5 to exercise it without consulting at least on o branch of the Legislature. The power ho referro 1 to was given by the 60th section, which would allow tho Government to sell tho pastoral lands for any less estate than a foe-simple-say, for i)99 years-at a farthing an acre if theycho3e. Ho did not say the Government would take thai course, but, considering the obstructive courso taken by tho other House, ho would say that tho Cabinet would not suffer the government of tha country to bo trifled with as it had been. Ministori would bring down their scheme, and submit their j emulations, and act on thom without roferoneo to <ho other House. Tho despatch of the Duke of Newcastle on the pastoral question was that of which tho Opposition was really afraid. Tho House, and not tho Government, was responsibla for the act under which tho Ministry had pare I away a million and a half of acres from the run i for commonages." The address was adopted hy thirty-threo to twonty-two, and, on Friday, a messago in reply was brought ¡¡down from iii) Exocllency (which will be found in anothor column), in which it was stated that the Assem- bly would bo called together again without "delay, to tako up the unfinished business of the session, consider new measures of importance, and deal with the Estimates for 18G2 before the year com- menced. Thus stand matters as between tin Ministry, the Opposition, and the country. Wa may add that tho general impression is, that hid a now Ministry been formed, tho followiu? fentlemon would havo boon found in it :-Mr. laines, Chief Secretary (in tho Upper IIouso) ; Mr. O'shanassy, treasurer (and leader of tha Assembly) ; Mr. Nicholson, Commissioner of Customs ; Mr. Duffy, Presidont of tho Board of Land and Works ; and Mr. Michie, Attorney General. The conduct of the Governor, iii consenting to a dissolution on grounds so insufficient, and in tho fuco of so decided a majority in the Assembly, bus been warmly discussed, and is almost uni vertnlly condemned. While every ono admits that the House requires renewal, it is argued that this is not the time for a dissolution, and that tho Heales Ministry, having no reasonable prospeot of a more favourable reception from a m w Parliament, should not havo been entrusted viiththis extremo constitutional privilege. The effect of tho dissolution will bo to give two or three months of irresponsible power to a Ministry, ti o w orst, ns it is the weakest, which bas ever yet buen in olfico. And looking to tho circumstances of their ontranco into power, and of their de- clared intention to administer the Land Law con- trary to tho intentions of Parliament, tho gravest dissatisfaction has been felt at the very indis- creet exerciso of his prerogative by Sir Henry Barkly. The great debate was preceded by one of minor importance, though involving at least one 0r more members of the Cabinet, and into which so much importance was thrown that the discus sion was protracted over two long sittings. The question arose out of the interference of a Mini- ster - Mr Loader, Commissioner of Customs with a servant of another department, the station master (Mr. Harvey) at Spencer-street station of the Government Railways. A few days before the late encampment of the volunteers at the Werribee, some anxiety was shown in the Assembly on the subject of the railway arrange ments for the occasion. Mr. Loader, who has some old associations with railway matters, and a hankeering after railway management, undertook to see that the arrangements were such as would insure public safety, but it was left in doubt whether that self-imposed task was sanctioned by Mr. Grant, the newly appointed head of the de- partment, and, at all events, this much was certain, that no intimation was given to the offi- ciaIs of the line that Mr Loader had any com- mission to interfere. He did, however, inter fere with the station master, so persistently and improperly, and so unseasonably, that Mr. Harvey ordered him out of his apartment. A second occasion of interference, attended by a similar result, took place, and Mr Loader at once took upon himself to suspend Mr. Harvey, and call on the Railway Depart- ment to homologate his act. Mr. Harvey was so suspended for some weeks, and the cor respondence showed that during this period while the department was anxious that Mr. Harvey should be mildly reprimanded and re stored, Mr. Loader persistently demanded the absolute dismissal of the officer. Two apologies were given by Mr. Harvey, on the positive pro mise of the department that his restoration to office would follow these admissions of regret, but those promises were not kept. Thus goaded beyond endurance, Mr Harvey published the correspondence in this journal, and on the same day was dismissed for the breach of discipline. But the case was attended by so much injustice that the House could not suffer the wrong to be done. Mr Carpenter, a private member, placed a motion on the paper, and, in the course of the debate, charged the Commissioner of Customs with having been "in a certain state" when one of the charges against Mr. Harvey arose. The accusa- tion was emphatically denied, although enough of evidence transpired to hint a suspicion of a not unnatural vinous influence on so inspiriting an occasion as the first great encampment of the volunteers of the colony. On the second night of the debate Mr. Duffy - who testified to Mr. Harvey's abilities as a public servant - moved an amendment, condemning the dismissal of that officer, and calling for his restoration to the public service. The amendment was not re- sisted by Ministers as a body, and was carried by an overwhelming majority. Mr. Harvey has since been appointed station master at the new and important station at Woodend, and Mr. Loader has resigned his office of Commissioner of Customs, and has withdrawn from the thin ranks of the supporters of the Cabinet. In the course of the debate, he gave expression to some singular and erroneous views of the relations of Ministers under responsible government, which if they prevail in the " democratic section" of the House, which Mr. Loader was supposed peculiarly to represent in the Ministry, may well suggest matter for thankfulness that there is no probability of that section giving this colony a Government for very many years to come. Mr. Loader's resignation of office was followed by the abduction of Mr. J. F. Sullivan, one the members for Mandurang, who had only been a member of the House for some few days, and who left his seat on the cross benches on the 0p- position side to become Commissioner of Cus- toms. Mr. Sullivan has since been re-elected, without opposition. Mr. Houston, the Commis- sioner of Railways, has been returned for Crow- lands, after a feeble opposition by a local barrister and has taken his seat. Mr. Hunter's resignation for East Melbourne has been received, and Mr. E. Cohen (of Messrs. Fraser and Cohen, the well known auctioneers) is a candidate for the seat. Numerous changes are likely to occur at the ensuing elections, though it is doubtful whether the relative strength of parties in the House will be found much altered when the fate of the Heales Ministry is discussed in the new Parliament, as, of course, it will be immediately on the re-assembling of the House. Commonages to the extent of nearly a million and a quarter acres have been proclaimed, under the new Land Bill, as farmers, towns, and gold fields commons. The Divorce Bill, as amended, has been assented to by both Houses, and will receive the Royal assent in the course of the week. On the question of state-aid to religion, the Legislative Council - on its return to work, Mr. A'Beckett, the representative of the Ministry in the House, having returned from Tasmania and taken his seat - while it threw out the bill to abolish the grant, professed its willing ness that this aid should be limited to the country districts. The Council did not say, however, that it was willing the amount of the vote should be reduced, and, therefore, Minis ters refused to accept the proposition as a com promise. The Lords subsequently followed up their little "strike" by resolving to take no new business after a certain day, the object being to hasten the close of the session, and the re assembly of next Parliament for a winter session, and the consideration of the Estimates before the year for which they are required. Matters in the Council have since been complicated by the withdrwal of Mr. A'Beckett from the Cabinet consequent on the determination of his colleagues to appeal to the country, and to attempt to change the constitution of the Upper House. Before their final " strike," the Council had disagreed with the Assembly on the Mint question, and they put an end, therefore, to-that subject for the session. I The Lower Houso has adopted a bill to establish, local insolvent courts, but it is more than doubt- ful whether it will pass into law this session. ' Desirous of seeing the long-standing dispute between tho Hobson's Bay llailway Company and the Municipality of Emoiald Hill brought to an end, the Assembly has resolved that the bill in- troduced this session on the subject of crossings, ' nnd the labours of the Select" Committee on tho subject, may be resumed in next soasion at the point at which they were suspended this session. The Assembly has assented to tho transference of a sum of £25,000 from the vote of £39,003 for female immigration to Mr. -Loader's sohemo of "assisted immigration ;" tho sums to be paid ! by tho friends of the immigrants, however, to bo somewhat increased. The whole of the previous veto of £30,000 was rapidly taken up, and tha . greater part of this fresh vote is alroady engaged joy applicants. It is stated that the railway between Sunbury and Woodend will be opened formally on the 8th of July. On Monday of last week the first train passed over the new portion of the line, bearing Mr. Higinbotham and several gentlemen of the railway department, who made an official exami- nation of the works. On this section there are very heavy works, such as the viaduct over Jack- son's Creek, and the extensive cutting near the same place. The new portion of the line is some 28 miles in length, or a total of some 45 miles from Melbourne. The Elphinstone Tunnel, be- tween Woodend and Castlemaine, and the Big Hill Tunnel near Sandhurst, have both been pierced. A testimonial, it is said, is to be pre- sented to Mr. Bruce, the contractor, on the occa- sion of the opening to Woodend, subscribed for in the district through which the line passes. On Wednesday next Mr. A. Howitt's small party will set out for Cooper's Creek, on their mission in connexion with the Exploring Expedi- tion. The party will number four members only \- Mr. Howitt, Mr. Aitken (who accompanied Mr. Howitt in his prospecting examination of Gipps Land, and is a valuable addition to the party), Mr. Welsh (surveyor), and Mr. Vinning (who has had large expenence, both in Australia and India, in travel and the management of horses). Mr. Howitt first proceeds to the Darling, and will complete his preparations at Menindie. He takes with him sixteen horses and supplies, and from Menindie will proceed to Cooper's Creek. From that point his movements will be deter- mined by circumstances. If he does not find Mr. Wright there, he will probably discover some instructions upon which he can act, or some members of Mr. Wright's small com mand in possession of the intentions of that officer, and of the route taken by and probable posi lion of Mr. Burke's main party. Mr. Howitt takes with him six carrier pigeons, given to him by Mr. Christie, of the Railway Department, whose liberality in this matter is highly commend able. It will of course be very difficult to carry these pigeons so long a journey, the greater por- tion of which must be made by the party on horse- back ; but Mr. Howitt will give every care to the birds, and if he succeeds in conveying them to Cooper's Creek, will despatch them from time to time with news of the party. By this means, the public anxiety may be set at rest at a very much earlier date than otherwise would be possible. Though small, the party is composed of capable men, and it will be ably and intelligently led by Mr. Howitt. The Victoria steam-sloop will also be sent round to the Gulf of Carpentaria, or Blunder Bay, if the Exploration Committee ot the Royal Society should recommend that course to the Government. The Acclimatization Society havo boen fortú- nate in receiving boveral deer from India, by, the Kortham, and tûventeen tench and one roacli fiom England, by tho clipper ship Luocolnshiri (of Messrs. Money Wigram .ind Co.'s line), whioh recently arrived, after a Miry rapid passage froa jliiigliitid. The fill» ara in aood health, in tin homes provided for them in the Botanic Gardens By the mail steamer, Mr. G. W. Mallam, the accredited representative of Messrs. Spiers and Pond, proceeds to England to negotiate with Mr George Parr, the well-known cricketer, for the visit of an "All England Eleven" to this and the neighbouring colonies. We trust Mr. Mal- lam will succeed in his mission. Messrs Spiers and Pond are well-known caterers for the public, and the "All England Eleven " need have no hesitation in placing themselves and the ar- rangements in their hands. Wine and wino making aro receiving much at foution nt present in these colonies, the fruits o v,bioh will be gathered in after yews. From th lucal press (Mof.sis. Saudi,, Kenny, and Co.), : Mil nable illuht rated work on, the slilijtct, odttoi by Dr. Kelly, of Adelaide, has boca issued withii the la&t; few da,s. By tho Great Britain steamship, Mr. G. V Brooke, mid Mrs. and Miss Avonia Jones hav proceeded to EngUnd. Mr. Ebden has also gon home by the samo vessel, and Mr. Hunter, th lato eccentric member for E«t Melbourne Thi Gi eat Britain carried an unusually large numbe of passengers. The Suffolk sailed on tho Barn day, carrying with her Air. B. Younga, wal linojvn in Melbourne, and formerly of tha Lan don stngo. Tho news from New Zealand is not onoouragin? Tho King movement gains strength, mid an opal und general war for tho Queen's supromaoy i imminent. The winter has beon stormy, mid feveral wreck of coasters havo occurred on Point Lonsdale, ana in other parts of Port Philip Bay. No lives however, havo been lost. In one instance - the wreck of the ABB Packer-tho lifeboat pro ceeded to the BCCIIO of the wreck, and with gre» gallantry accomplished the rescue of tho crew The Benares, which carried away the May mail vas detained by the loss of hor bowsprit in a verj Heavy galo on her voyago round from Sydney Tho Wortham lind a quick voyago from Galil with tho Amil mail from England, which she do hi ered in tho bay two days before her timo. Th: Jeddo takes the outward mail. BIS EXCELLENCY AND PARLIAMENT, Tho following is the address whioh was pre- sented to His Excellency a few days ago by tho Legislativo Assembly-on the motion of Mr. Haines-on tho announcement being mado by Mr. Healos that a dissolution had been resolved upon : " Wo, Hor Majesty's dutiful subjects, tho mem- bers of the Legislative Assembly in Parliament assembled, having learned from your Excellency's advisors that it is your intention to dissolve this branch of the Legislature, feel it our duty to represent to your Excellency tho dangerous and unusual circuniBtances under which a dissolution must take placo at tho present time. It is not our intention to question in any way thô un- doubted right of the Crown to dissolve Pnrliamoaf whenever it seos just occasion to do BO; but as your Excollency has thought tit to consent that this high prerogative should^ bo employed at a timo and under conditions which wo fear must bt prejudicial to the public interest, and without, a; we respectfully submit, the constitutional necessity which alone justifiessuch a measure, wo feel bound, as representatives of tho peoplo, not to separate without calling upon your Excellency, a? re- presentative of tho Crown, to take precaution that tho interim beforo Parliamentary govorn I ment is resumed shall bo as brief as possible, an i I that during that period the Administration whicl your Excellency has retained in office shall b( restrained from any unusual exercise of Exoou, tivo authority. " Wo havo ventured to remind your Excel- lency that any constitutional necessity for a dis solution had not arisen in this case. It was afto¡ tho lapse of an entire session without a singh measuro of importance becoming law, and 'aftoi jour Excellency's advisers had failed to. com maud the confidence of either branch of th' Legislature, that wo took the ordinary means ti remove them from your Excellency's councils in order that they might bo replaced by, moi capable of devising and carrying out ,-suol measures. There was no question of principio a issue, for they had avowed no public rrinoipl w hatever. Tiley wero subjected to Parlamentär, censuro because they had proved incompétent t exercise tho functions of a Government, either i framing a public policy or in guiding tho d« liberations of Parliament. And tliit decision wa arrived at by a majority so remarkablo and dee' sive as to afford a safo assuranco that it oxprcsso tho verdict of the ontiro country. We at acquainted with no caso where the power of dil solving Parliament has been exorcised by th Crown under circumstaucs uko thebe. " Wo have stated that a di^ohitiou at preset must provo injurious to tho country. The? pub! honour and public interest will remain under ti control of men, several of wh030 official acts hu excited grave censuro and puipicion, an,i wl havo claimed, under tho existing law, new at alarming powers nover contemplated by ti Legislature. " A sorious deficit exists in the public revoim Against which no provision whatever has bae made or proposed by tho Government. ;Cori mercinl depression prevails, which must boiiggr vnted by tbo alarm to capital and entorpri which a weak and untrustworthy Exocuti invariably excites. A considerable expenditure thomonoy of tho state will takoplaceinthcoxpons of a general election, wasting, io no unimport»' extent, the savings which tho labour and ccoaon of Parliament havo mado during many month and tho unconstitutional practice of spending ti rcvcmio beforo tho expenditure ii sanctioned I law, which this House has exorcised great labo and forbearance to provent in tho future, is li»b to bo perpetuated. " Wa muit remind your Excellency tha though they failed to secure our confidence, \ forbore to toko B'cps for the removal of ti existing Government until tho necessary supp for the year had boon voted. We did so in ordar» !, that the chango, which was indispensable to thor . prosperity of the country, might be made witlfasi ' ?Jittlo inconvenience or waste of publio time as '?"possible, and with the confident hope that capable» men, cn being called to the administration oE »Hairs, would employ the Parliamentary recesa ia such a careful digest of their measures as mitrhfe enable the business of Parliament to bo trans- act«! at a season convenient to the members, and. îiisuro the voting of the Estimates beforo their expenditure had commenced. A dissolution im- perils these advantages{ not only by tho delay necessarily incident to it, but by tho additional delay which the removal of the existing Govern- ment by a new Parliament may create. " We submit these considerations to your Ex> ccllency, in order that, being forewarned of ther public danger, you may tako such measures as may bo practicable to mitigate the probable dis- astrous consequonces. The most effectual moa-. Mire, wo respectfully submit, is to cause the» elections to be completed with as little delay as yosfible, that Parliament may bo re- assembled,, ai d resume its constitutional control. In soma of tbo latest appeals to the people of England, tro period between the dissolution and the re aH-cmbling of Parliament did not exceed ûva , weeks. There is no impediment in law or faefc tor thin Parliament, after a dissolution, being re-as* senibled early in August; and wo earnestly await jour Excellency's assurance to this House and the country that you will cause the necessary min- eures to be taken to bring about this result." His Excellency's reply was as follows : " Tho Governor has received the address agreed to by the Legislative Assembly on tho 19th inst. The House may rest assured that, whilst con celinK to his responsible advisers the opportunity to which ho believes them, under the ciroura ttnnces, entitled, of appealing to the country tot pionoimce an opinion on the course they have» pursued sinco entering office, it is his intention lo reassemble Parliament with as little delay as practicable, for tho purpose of disposing of that business left over from the present session, ni well as of dealing with other questions of im- portance, including tho Estimates of revenue and cxpendituro for the ensuing year, which will thus bo presented at an earlier poriod than has hitherto been found possible [ " HENEY BARKLY. " Government-offices, Melbourne, Juno 21,1801." STATE OF NEW ZEALAND. We havo news from Nelson to the 12th inst.' Mpttera aro evidently coming to a crisis. Tha SarnmeeAt Herald Btates that information has been received from Ngatiruinui, that the tribe v,ill not surrender any of their plunder, and thifc they have joined the King, with the greater part . cf tho natives on the coast, as far as Welling- ton. Some natives from the other side ot Cook's Strait have crossed, and are at Maitawa. i The temper of the Ngatiruinui is said to ba 1 still for making a clean sweep of the Pakehas. j They have carried off an immense quantity of I settlers' stock, carts, farming implements, and j plunder of all description. The Taranaki trib3 ! from Wairoa have come down¿ and are leagued, i wi h the Ngatiruinui ; and it is rumoured that a j letter has been received by these tribes from ! V aiknto, not to mako terms with the Pakoha. ; The other day the Ngatiruinui and Taranakis met ! Mr. Purris, at Moturoa, when the peace question ! was eliucussed. The chief subject was that of the murders. The natives deny murder has been committed. They say wo shed first blood in our attack on the pah. Another report is that Wi jKinsi is about to return to Waitora, with soma few hundreds of tho Waikato», to perfect and completo the organization of all the tribes favour- able o Kingi, and refuse in all cases to recog- nize tho authority of the Queen. The Wellington Advertiser says:-"The King: has now four regular mails from his head- quarters throughout tho island, each of whioh receives £30 a-year and Od. each letter. One comes down tho Wanganui; another down the Ii nugi ti ki ; a third goes to tho Ahurn ; and a fourth northwards, towards the Bay of Plenty. The last mail brought a lottor of some import- ai) co from the west coast and tho Wairaoap* natives. Tho Waikato» wore to have a meeting a! Ni;nruanlua. The natives assert that William Ko) lor, of Whaingaroa, has joined the King party. He has hitherto been one of tha stauchest Government mon." PROCLAMATION BY THE GOVERNOR. The Governor has issued a proclamation to the chiefs and people assembled at Ngaruanhia, in which he says : " I can now only look with sorrow and diä pleaxuro on what has been done in the namo and by the adherents of the native King. " 1. An authority has been Bet up inconsistent vi th allegiance to the Queen, and in violation of the treaty of Waikangi. " 2. A large number of the adherents of tho native Kingbavo interfered between the Qovornor and other nativo tribes in matters in which thoy lind no concern ; thoy havo levied war against the Queen, fought against her troops, and JKurned and destroyed tho property of peaceful subjects. " 3. Other adheronts o£ the King have assintod, encouraged, and harboured men who have committed these outrages. " 4. A war party of several hundred man tome time sinco assembled, and advanced within forty miles of -Auckland, for the purpose of ia tirfering with tho due course of administration j o' justice. " 5. Her Majesty's mail has been stopped, Jurisdiction been usurped over HerMajesty'aEuro pean subjects, and other offences have been com.' wilted, to the subversion of Her Majesty's sove 1 roignty, and of tho authority of law; at this very time Iho adherents of the native King arc using most strenuous efforts to possess themselves of arms and ammunition, for the purpose of ofleot inu their objects by intimidation and violence." The Governor cannot permit the present B'cite of things to continuo. No option now rests willi him ; ho has been commanded by Hei Majesty the Queen to suppress unlawful com- binations, and to establish beyond question Hot Majesty's sovereignty in New Zealand. Tho Governor states specifically what his "de' mauds are-1. From all, submission, withoul reserve, to the Queen's sovereignty and the authority of the law. 2. From those who aro it possession of plunder taken from Her Majesty'i European or native subjects, restoration o£ tha plunder. 3. From thoso who havo destroyed o: mario away with property belonging to Ho Majesty's subjects, European or native, com pcnuation for tho losses sustained. (FKOM TUE SYDNEYMORNINa IIERAKD, JUNE 22. The intelligence conveyed by the mail t EuTopo of the state of New Zealand, will du sipato any hope entertained by the Ministers o an early termination of the war. Every de vclopment of that conflict confirms the pn die ions with which it opened. Men who hav lived in New Zealand-who wore familiar wit the nativo mind-the peculiar character of ti country, and the latent causes of the contosl were assured that it was no agrarian dispute no local difference to be settled by crae of rifle or Btroke of pen. They saw that it wi til o result of a long course of preparatior in which the native mind had been taught Ï regard the colonization of New Zealand astlired cuing their existence as a peoplo. Vfe 'hw not, perhaps, yet reached the time when tt sober judgement of history can pronounce upa the conduct of men whose mistaken philanthroj. lins led to this confusion and bloodshed. Thai oro no aelvisers more liable to mistake than tho ?»ho overlook all tho political causes whie modify the conditions of a people, at interpret upon abstract or benevolent the jits tho rights of aborigines. The ? ra ment wo occupied New Zealand as a Powa government became a duty, and Rover nient implies control to be exorcised with justio lut nevertheless tyith decision. Tho late prool motion of Governor Browne discloses a woakae vbich, however excusable, ia but a symptom the general policy which has prevailed. I states that in the first king movement 1 mut not disposed to - regard the proje in an unfavourable light. How, with the o pcrierico of mankind before him, ho could h&< deemed it possible that royalty could be set i as the representative of a particular interest, ai «ct in harmony with, or in subordination to, t sovereignty of the Queen, is certainly amazio She illusion, however, did not last long. I found, as might havo been anticipated, that ti ambitious appetite grows by that which it foods i -and that from a symbol of Maori unityitbeoai threatening, active, and fiually belligerent. T lund question furnished a popular arena, and t fortunately enabled tho European favourers the natives to assert their cause, and to weale the authority of the Crown. We have now, he ever, reached a point when no doubt rema ?»ita respect to the issuo to be tried. It will iolve an enormous outlay, which cannot bo c»pcd. Unless the natives be subdued effectual iley will bo ever threatening tho British sell mfnts." THE EBVIEW. His Excellenoy reviewed tho entire forooy recular and volunteer, in and around Melbourne-, cn tho 20th inst., in honour of the celebration of Her Majesty's Birthday. The ground selected waa that between the Butts' Station, on tho St. Kilda, Railway, and the Sandridgo Battery, and hero the» V lunteeis mustered at half-past ten o'clock. Thar illili were formed in two battalions. Tho first, vhiih was under the command of Captain Champ, comprised the Pentridge, First St. Kilda, Prahran and South Yarra, Emerald Hill. Mel boui ne Proper, Richmond, Hawthorn and Kew. moa Second St. Kilda conopanioa. The second; fcaitalioji, iimior the orders of Captain Mair, coo sisted of the Collingwood, East Collingwood, Fitzroy, West Melbourne, Brighton, North Mel- bourne, Carlton, and Williamstown companies. The cavalry, under Lieut.-Colonel Ross, was composed of the First Victorian Volunteer Cavalry, South Melbourne Mounted Rifles, Bacchus Marsh Mounted Rifles, the Geelong Mounted Rifles, and the Volunteer Light Dragoons, and assembled in the reserve near the Orphan Asylum. The artillery, under Lieut.-Colonel Anderson, mustered in large numbers. The Naval Brigade (Sand- ridge and Williamstown) were also numerous, second in force only to the artillery. They were under the orders of Captain Kay. Her Majesty's forces consisted of the detachment of Royal En- gineers, under Captain Scratchley, and the de- tachment of the 40th Regiment, under Captain Binds. Previous to the formation in line, some excitement and inquiry were caused by the ap pearance on the ground of a considerable num- ber-700 or 800-of boys belonging to the various schools receiving Governmont aid, who marched to and fro, under their respective drill instructors, under whose hands they have been placed by Colonel Pitt, in accordance with the resolution of the Legislature, for some months past. The boys looked well and marched well, many of them being in the regulation uniform, and ap- peared as steady as their elders, though they, of course, took no part in the line formation. The whole strength on the ground of all ranks and corps was 2,072. The rifles were upwards of 1,300, which, considering that the metropo- litan companies have a formal strength of 1,590 only, must be considered an excellent demonstra- tion. The cavalry (Melbourne and suburban) mustered 238, and the artillery (a splendid corps) 286\. The Naval Brigade, two companies, were 144 strong ; the Pentridge Rifles, 131 ; tho Col- lingwood, 101 ; the East Collingwood and Carlton companies, 101 each. No less than 14,000 or 15,000 spectators were on the ground. The ap. pearance and precision of the whole force were admirable. The feature of the day, however, was the decoration of Private Frederick Whirlpool, of the Hawthorn nnd Kew company, with the " Victoria Cross," for heroic services performed in the late Indian war. The general order, after quoting an extract from the London Gazette, of October 21, 1859, in which the gallant soldier's services were mentioned, thus concluded : " No words from the Major-General can add honour to the terms above quoted, but it gives him the highest satisfaction to be the medium of conveying to Private Whirlpool the high dis- tinction which has been awarded to him, and which he has so richly merited ; and under the impossibility of receiving the decoration from Her Majesty's own hands, it will be placed on his breast by the wife of Her Majesty's representa- tive in this country, and the daughter of a very old soldier." The above having been read by Lieut.-Colonel Carey, Deputy Adjutant-General, Lady Barkly addressed the following few and graceful words to the hero : "Private Whirlpool,-Had you returned to England after your gallant services in India, the value of this cross, which you have so nobly won, would doubtless have been immeasurably en- hanced by your receiving it at the hands of your Queen. " As, however, you have chosen this country for your home, and joined the ranks of its de- fenders, the honour of presenting it devolves to- day on me ; and I cannot but feel doubly proud that on this the first occasion on which the highest distinction British valour can attain is bestowed in Australia, I should have to affix it to a volunteer uniform, and in presence of com- rades so capable of appreciating your heroic ex- ploits." II or ladyship thon made a few steps forward to the gallant soldier, and affixed the cross on his left breast. He raised his hat and said a few words i.i reply ; and tho Major-General himself gave the hignal for three cheers, which were given wita hearty emphasis, the cavalry waving their swords and every volunteer raising bis hat. The troops thou filed off, and the assembled thousands dispersed. THE LEVEE. His Excellency the Governor held a levés on tho 20th instant, at the Exhibition Building, in honour of Her Majesty's Birthday ; the cero- mony, which usually takes place on the 21th of last month, having been postponed in conse- quence of the death of the late Duchess of Kent. His Excellency arrived at the building at three o'clock punctually, and was received by a guard of honour, consisting of 100 men of Her Majesty's -40th Rogimcut, under the command of Captain Hinds. Upon His Excellency's arrival, the United Voluuteer Band struck up " God Save the Queen." The Catholic Bishop of Melbourne and his clergy were absent from the levee. owing, we are in- formed, to a recent despatch of the Duke of Newcastle, giving precedence to the bishops and clergy of the Church of England, which was con- sidered by Bishop Goold as an infraction of the Constitution, which awards in those countries a perfect religious equality to all. In adopting this course, the Catholic Bishop of Melbourne has followed the example of the Catholic Arch- bishop of Sydney, and the Bishops of Queensland, Adelaide, and Hobart Town. VICTORIAN RIFLE ASSOCIATION. The second meeting of the Victorian Rifle Association took place at Sandridge Butts on the 30th and 31sfc May and 1st June. The weather was cold and occasionally wet- oircumstaucoí which exercised a very prejudicial influence on, tho attendance of the general public ; but the in- terest taken in the various matches, especially those for the 'gold cup and the medals of the) association, on the last day, was very great. The neighbouring colony of South Australia was very efficiently represented, the cup itself being won, after an exciting contest with Mr. Frost, oí tho Melbourne Proper Company, by Lieutenant J. D. Sutherland, of the South Australian Free Rifles. Mr. Frost had previously won the gold medal and £50 prize, and in the first Ínstanos shot ties for the cup with Mr. Sutherland and Mr. Kaye, of the Prahran and South Yarra Company, each making eight points in tea rounds, at COO yards. A vexatious protest was then entered against Mr. Frost, from which the Adelaide men most honourably stood aloof, on the ground that he had torn off a portion of the paper of his cartridge, and wrapped it round the ball. The commit- tee quashed the protest, but the circum- stance had its effect upon Mr. Frost's norves ; and on shooting off, the admirable coolness an i precision of Mr. Sutherland, which had boan conspicuous all through the match, resulted in his making u cenlro against a miss from Mr. Frost, and a single from Mr. Eave, and he was, amidst loud cheers, proclaimed the winner. The following is the complete list of prizes and winners for the various matches, except that for tho oup, which we havo just noticed : MATCH NO. 1. 200 YARDS. First prize - J. Carlile, Prahran and South Yarra, eleven points, £20. Second prize - J. D. Sutherland, South Aus- tralian Free Rifles, eleven points, £15. Third prize - T. Grimwood, Artillery, eleven points, £10. Fourth prize - J. Gammie, Emerald Hill, ten points, £5. MATCH NO. 2. 300 YARDS. First prize-T. Adams, North Melbourne, nine) points, £20. , Second prize-J. D. Sutherland, South Aus , tralian Free Rifles, nine points, £lö. Third prize-J. Scott, D.I., nino points, £10. Fourth prize-P. Cameron, Carlton, eight points, £5. MATCH NO. 3. 600 YARDS. \- First prize-F. T. Sargood,^ Second St. Kilda, i seven points, £20. Second prizes-T.Walker, Pentridge, six points, £10. Third prize-J. Brady,, Melbourne Proper, eix points, £5. ? i MATCH NO. 4. 600 YARDS. First prize-W. H, Nalder, First St. Kilda, seven points, £20. Second prize-J. M'Ewen, North Melbourno, .sixpoints, £10. Third prize-J. Smyth, Collingwood, five pointe, £5. MATCH A. First prize-Kellow, Emerald Hill, nine points, j £20. Second prize-Williams, Kew Avtillory, nine points, £10. MATCH B. 500 YAKD3. First prize-M'Clure, Carlton, six points, £20. Second prize-Sergeant Foster, Pentridge, six, points, £10. MATCH O. 000 YARDS. First prize-G. W. Connor, Carlton, six points, £20. Second prize-Sergeant Mortimer, Richmond, five points, £10. The prizes and winners in Match D, for tho wedaL ice, are as follows : 1\. Frost, Melbourne Proper, gold medal of tho Victorian Rifle Association and £50, the gift of > J. P. Bear, Esq. \- 2. Sergeant Wilkinson. Pentridge, silver nied ii \- of tile Victorian Rifle Association and £25, the ' gift of A. Kyto, Esq. i. 3. Davies, Williamstown Naval Brigade, £20. 4\. Kaye, Prahran and South Yarra, £20, ' 6, Sergeant Foster, Pentridge, £20. -' 0. Miller, Pentridge, £20. ?<; 7. Thompson, Williamstown Naval Brigade, ^£10. * .. ,'8. Weldon, Williamstown, Whitworth^ rilli, '" presented by R. Grice, E=q. , ^ ?> 9, Wobb, Brighton, £10. ' 10\. Walton, North vlelbourno, £10. '- i1 U. Biggsy Eut; Collingwood, Prince's breeoh ,- loading nile,' presented by R- Grim, Esq. ' > ' "'12. MoriiUfer;Richmond, £10. f .,,->* 13\. Cari'lo, Prahran and South Yarra, Enfield «Hie. presented by B Grice, Esq. The matches A, B, C, and D, were open to Victorian volunteers orjly, the others to all (comers. Major-General Pratt was on the ground cn the last day. THE GOLD-FIELDS. "Whatever was the reason of the escorts con tinning so low for some weeks, these aro now rising again to the average of last year, and with (every prospeot of their being well maintained through the winter-the season when water ia most abundant, but not the time when the most gold is raised, if only this element is at all pro- curable. The days are now short, and digging is dirty work in wet weather and wet ground, so that the minors in ordinary alluvial soil can put much moro of this through their hands in sum- mer if they havo but the water to wash it. Oa the deep leads and "reefs, of course, surface wet makes but little difference, where the roads to the water and the crushing-mills>re at all passable, but tho proportion of miners engaged in.such workings is small comparod with tho numbera who derive) their living from the shallower ground, and who are therefore more at the meroy of tho seasons. IVhilo, however, some may have rather too much ?water just now, hi places there has been no mote than enough collected yet to permit of the wash- ing up of all the auriferous earth stored durin» the drv weather. 8uch is the cane in the Wah" gunyah, district, near the Murray, where full Hork on all the leads that can bo made to pay is only now becoming possible ; and in parts of the Pyrenees district the supply was not before suf- ficient. On the older fields several of the reservoirs constructed at the public expense »re completed, or nearly so, so that a large quantity of water will be stored in these against^ next _ summer, and much of the ground in their vicinity may thus be ?worked, whioh must otherwise havo remained use- less, but it ¡B not yet decided on what term? the water from these will be available. No move- ments of special importance have lately occurred cn any of the gold-fields, but there has been the usual proportion of small rushes consequent ort the discovery of limited spots of new or unwrougkfc ground among the old workings, and the mining population io well distributed, the number en- gaged as shepherds in idly watching the course of events on fancied loads being small, as there are so few that are new or otherwise attracting muob. Attention at present. It is so long since a new field of any extent was opened up thai people are boginning to think it time for the announcement of something of the 'sort ; and of this there ia some prospeot, as a few parties of persevering miners have been steadily pushing their way towards the headB of the stream« running through the Upper Goulburn country, most, if not all, of which aro auriferous. Gold in considerable quantity in proportion to the number of men at work has been obtained for some months past in this direction; but tho country is densely timbered and quite unopened to trafilo except by the very .roughest of bush tracks, and the creeks are BO narrow and deep ia their channels that it is not at all desirable for many peoplo to proceed to any of these at one time if badly provided with necessaries, or money to buy them. A rush took placs to one of these creeks some months sines, in consequence of its becoming known how suc- cessful a few men were thoro,i but the majority being only acoustomed to mining of the ordinary character left those densely- timbered ranges and deep gullies in disgust, giving the district such a bad name that few have been inclined to be- lieve anything good of it sinco. Now, howevar, favourable reports are spreading again ; and it hw been officially announced to t he warden that an ex- tensive Hold has been found on the elevated table- land from which these creeks all spring, where at least there will bo plenty of room, though tho olí mate is severe. Gold is found in tolerable abun dance in the beda of sevoral of the crooks flowing from a portion, and rather» large portion, of thj Êreat dividing range between the interior and Gipp¡ land, on which side, too, many of the riven and creeks are auriferous ; so that we may no1 unreasonably hope once again for the discovorj cf another Kiandra in the mountaio regioni ol our own territory. But this country is so don3i snd inhospitable that it will bo opened up bul Blovily, especially at this Bcason, even though gob be there in abundance. The Gipps Land gold fields aro steadily increasing in extent, and w have juBt received intelligence from there of th finding of tho first large nugget, weighing fifty eight ounces, on a tributary of the Nioholsoi River, the largest ever beforo found on auy o the diggings there being only eighteen ounces These, however, like the Upper Goulburn dig ging», are mostly only adapted for a scattere population, but they are now supporting alto Igether a largo number of people. On the older gold-fields things are proccedin much as usual, the proportion of large yield from quartz, or largo nuggets found, bein perhaps rather smaller than we have generall bad to announce. Besides that from Gipps Lan already mentioned, the only nugget worthy e special mention was obtained at Kingower. Th last weighed sixty-eight ounces, and was foun ?vtry near the surface, together with som ¿mailor pieces. Even the Columbian Roof, ¡ Inglewood, has not been prolific of rich quarl of late, the only yields reported from having boon better than 500oz. from eigh-; one tons of stone out of one claim, 5Í9o from 144 tons out of another, and 202o. from a third lot of 153 lons-a sad fallía off for this far-famed reef. Some of the reefs i the Maryborough district have been yioldir bettor of lato-little over two tons from on Blucher'a Reef, having produced 102oz., twout four tons having also produced ninety-ono ounce Upwards of lOOnz. of gold were obtained fro another small lot of stone, weighing only twent six pounds, and taken from a claim on the Mosqui Reef. Ono of the reefs in this district, too, is b coming famous for deep sinking, rich stone thirty-eight tons of a late crushing yielding l18 j 1 -baring bien very lately found at a depth of 4 ft et in a claim that could never be mado to pi leforo this depth was reached. Tho adjoi ing claim is now worked most profitât to a depth of 482ft., and the stone in bo appears to increase in richness as the dop becomes greater. Some of the Bendigo rei are not far behind in this respect, as wo ha just received intelligence of forty-five tons tak out of the Johnson Reef, from a depth of S ftet, having produced 14lon. 5dwt. A lai cake of amalgamated gold was also retortod ibis district last week-882oz. 4dwt., the prodi of 300 tons of stone from the Sheep's-head Re the claim from which this was raised being oi remarkable as affording this averago yi Meadily from stone so easily raised that men can take out a hundred torrs a-wei Jiitile has been dono of late at the YaneJ reefs in the way of crushing, but there has be one yield of 249oz. from twenty-seven tons klone out of the Glamorganshire. Thus wo o not boast very much just now of the yiolds of < older reefs ; but we aro told lo expect someth surprising from the new reefsjn the Pyren district, as soon as the crushing machinery is operation tbere ; and, as seven buckets of st from one of these yielded fifty pounds woighl fcold on boing roughly pounded by hand a I dnjs sinco, it must bo allowed that thoy conl tome rich specimens at least, whatever yield may be when crushing is possible on a lar ti cale. NEW GOLD-FIELD. Among the gold-fields recently discovered, is one about two and a half miles from Eltham, a pretty little village sixteen miles distant from Melbourne. For some years this locality has been considered auriferous by the cognoscenti in such matters, and gold has been discovered in various parts of the district. It was not, how- ever, until the month of March that a Mr Morris, residing at Eltham, made public the fact that gold was deposited in such quantities as to repay the labour of the miner. The population at presont distributed about in various gullies is estimated at 500, but owing to their con- stant change of residence, it is difficult to make more than an approximate return, The workings are confined to alluvial sink- ing, gold being found at depths averaging between eight and sixteen feet. The gold is of a Knotty, water-worn description, and lies in patches. Sometimes it happens, with a digger's luck, that the miner gets an ounce or so to the tub ; but, as a rule, the yield is about a penny weight to the tub, or even less. Considerable in- convenience has been felt by the miners from, the insufficient supply of water ; but this diffi- culty will be obviated so soon as a number of shafts are abandoned, and can thus be converted into reservoirs for storm- water. The discovery of this field furnishes another proof against the theory of Sir Roderick Murchison -that gold would only be discovered on the western flanks of the great ranges. From present appear- ances, it may fairly be considered as add- ing another link to that great chain of auri- ferous country which continues, more or less, from the Snowy River, through Gipps Land to Anderson's Creek, the Caledonia Diggings, and lastly Eltham. It has been proved by the recent discoveries made by prospectors in Gipps Land that there is not one river there which, is not auriferous ; and in all parts of that country small parties of men may be found, some following in the track of the Government prospectors, and others striking out fresh tracks for themselves. From accounts recently brought to Melbourne, the miners are doing well, notwithstanding that they have more than ordinary difficulties to oon- tend against-not the least of which is the mountainous country over which, they have to convey their stores. With reference to the Eltham diggings, there is one great fact to be borne in mind-its short distance from Melbourne, and the field for employment it offers to those who so constantly are complaining that they cannot obtain work. It may justly be termed it "poor man's diggings," for, if a man is ordinarily industrious, he can make a living Here, as he has no house-rent to pay ; to him the rate collector is unknown ; there is wood in abundance ; and, no doubt, there will soon be water. In every respect, it affords a fine field to the industrious of our unemployed-to those who prefer obtaining a living by their own exertions to subsisting on the charity of their neighbours. AGRICULTURE. ^ At this dull season of the year little oocurs ot much interest lo people at a distance. The j fanners are busy sowing their grain orops, and to this part of thoir work they have had no i_« tciruption since the termination of harvest first allowed of thoir teams being yoked to the plough. It nevor happens here or anywhero else thafc the wcathor »s oxaotly what is wished for by all the members of this class, but few mdeod have been the complaints during tb.9 past autumn, or as much of tho winter as is -already over The rains have boon fra quont, but not so heavy or long continued u, any ono time as to prevent the regular ploughing and sowing of the land under the most propitious uicumstanccs So much does tho chmato vary. I however, m tins »espeot in different parts of the ' colony, that o^eceptlon may be taken to those re I marks as applicable to all , but, looking to tho ogncultuial distnotB generally, it may bo safely stud that the farmers had never four moro favour able months at this important period of tho ya vi than tbov have had since tho narvest-fields were cleared Thus tho great desideratum, early sowi 1?, has been secured, and compensation for the diffi- culties of one season is likely to bo afforded loy ( tho facilities of the next, for wo can scarcely j have such anothoi wet summer as the last for 1 many years to come, and with caily crops au unusual degieeof heat dots compaiativoly little harm With these facilities, too, the occupiers of non farms will have time for much extending 1 thoir operations, so that the additional quantity of land brought under the plough ought to be large. Wo do not yet know oxaotly what tb.9 increase was for last year, but the statistics! returns hive all been collected, and the publication of the abstract, showing the total number of acres under cultivation and tha quantity of each description of produce raised, is daily looked for The collection of the census returns interfered with and delayed tho oolleotioa of these, or tins information would have been furme'.ied somo months since It is satisfactory to know piecisoly what amount of progioss has boen made in this direction onch yoar, but oven vi ithout this it is plain that wo are fast attaining towards the enviable position of being a self« supporting people, so regularly are our markets now supplied withgrain and other produce, whether fiom the farm or the gaidon, and so steady I ai o prices Just now, too, the nurserymen aro ' disposing of theirannual stocks, and tho quantity I of trees, vines, and cuttings offered is groat, but I as prices become reasonable, so does the do ' mand increase, to tLo ultimate clearing of tia niaikct of tina kind of produco also, and so rapidly do tioes of all kinds como into bearin? that fruit will shortly be as abundant hera as m America, md must be as lnif,ely used boforo long as an 01 dmaiy article of diet Proprietors of vineyards aro steadily e\ ending their opaia tions, and so muoh aro the colonial w mes rising in fat our, and so general is the fueling He coming tfiat vmevards will prove a most b nehci ii imoattnont lor tho man of moderate means, iib o to naît a few 3 ears for a return, that we need not non fear any check to the planting of vines Ono «ant wo Jtul li iv e, to reniovo the last objection from th ose who di ead the mysteries of wine nuking, aud that is tho establishment of compames or linns m tho pi »napp 1 towns to purchase tho grapes oi must at afin price, and relieve the grower from all anxiety on this hoad This makiug and pre- paring of the Mines for market must be- come a sepai ate business hero as it is in Europe, or the small holders and piopnotors vi ill never grow grapes as oxtonsively as they I ought for thou own benefit and that of the coun- try , arid as the project of m iktng a commence- ment in this way has boon again bioached both heie and at Geelong, most likely before next bummei comes round thorn mil be at ono or both places purchasers foi the produce of tho small vineyards Not only tho farmers, bul the stockowners too, are benefiting by the character of the près nt season, unusually productive as it has boon of 1,1 ass Their stock has been kept in (,ood condi- tion throughout the year, and tho per centage of lambs vi ill consequently bo large 1 rom all parus of the country reports are equally good , and tin-, is fortunate, for shoep are likely to be in great request for somo time to como, to replace o ittle where these can be disposed of On runs at all lit for thom, shoop have always paid the best, o> or a numbei of years, and just now there is tho fear of plouro pnoumonia, which wo have too muca reason to boltev e will commit sad havoc arnon,; the cattle before it is cot rid of Slowly tho in fctdrous disease is making its way, but uuroly, and tho act passod a few months since ii not so administered as to offer any determino I check to its progress Almost everything doponds on the commissioners, of whom tno aro vete- rinary surgeons, principally occupied, when on duty, in tue examination of suspected eattb, while the third is a gentleman who was totally unacquainted, previously to his appointment, witt the naturo of tins particular disease, but is obst nato in tho idee of its not being contagious, so that no steps have yet been taken to establisa such a system of quarantine through tho coun i / as would nt least confine it to certain localities, until moro vigorous action could ho taken The Government has been at length shamed into calling on the commissioners to point out such districts as ou(,ht to be proclaimed infected, and this is now to be done, but not before the seeds of the disenso have boen dissominatcd much more widely than thoy otherwise need have been. Neither has there been sufficient caro in keeping I y themselves such animals as vvoro feeding or vi orking along with others manifestly suftenug from tins malady Those only have to be paid foi which aro sound when killed, and as the sum of money voted to meet expenses is small, and tho iomm_sionershavobeendesu ed tobo savingof this fund, all doubtful cases are passed ovei, unless tho owners aro inclined to accept a veiy modo oate amount of remuneration, and whou the badly diseased animals are killed, tho remainder rre left, with, perhaps, instructions to the owner to keep thom by themselves, but it is no one's business to seo these orders earned out, so that they might as well not be given Cattle on new generally have been far too apathotto on thus sub 3eet, but those within tho districts about to bo pro- claimed will now have tobestir themselves,forunttl these districts aro declared to be free from disease jgain, no oattlo will bo allowed to pass beyond their boundaries, and of courso stock therein will have no saleable valuo If for no other reason, this last step should have been taken oarliei, to arouse tho stockowners to the necessity of their activo co operation m carrying out any measures deemed requisite for the pubho good The ex- tirpation of this disease from the colony is of the utmost consequence, if that be now possible, and Fiicli will very soon bo the decided opinion of all within the infected districts, which aro al 0 cady known to be large The numbei of cattle as yet destroyed is comparatively trifling, but we fear many more will have to shnro the samo fat« 1 eforo these districts or the country can be again declared freo from pleuro pneumonía. NEW BUILDINGS. Somebody has described Melbourne as a " city of unfinished palaces," and, though susceptible of much qualification, the observation is in the main a true one. To our Government buildings, how- ever, it most appropriately refers, for of them we have only one which can be declared oom- pleted. This is a handsome brick structure, and was originally destined for a gold assay office, in which every known appliance was provided for the assay of gold and its subsequent casting into ingots of a fixed value. But after the lapse of something like a year, the profits of the establish- ment were about sufficient to pay the salary of the meanest servant employed, and the build- ing was forthwith converted into a Lands and Works office, and as such has become ex- tremely useful. It would have been well had our other public buildings been projected with an equal regard to modesty and, befitting economy. Our Parliament buildings were designed on a most elaborate and sumptuous scale, the result of which is that we have two magnificent legislative chambers, to which has lately been added an extensive library. This latter con sists of a large square lofty hall, lighted by a dome. Round the sides is carried a heavy gallery, supported by substantial columns, and the whole is covered with elaborate stucco ornaments. These three chambers we have mentioned are such as any country might be proud of ; but it must be added that, except- ing a portion of the eastern façade, the outside in entirely unfinished, and the eye is continually offended by rough stone walls and unsightly un- pointed brickwork. Our Treasury, a handsome freestone structure, is, on the contrary, only finish- ed on the outside, and the Government can only afford at present to roof it, the internal arrange» ments being left untouched. £30,000 have been spent in laying the foundations of new Govern- ment offices for the Chief Secretary's Depart- ment and the head of the Executive, but nothing more has been done. Our Post- office has been fairly commenced, and the first story nearly completed. The design is remark- ably handsome; the front will be composed of a basement of Gabo Island red granite, asserted to be only inferior to that of famous Peterhead, and the upper portion of a delicate French grey tinted freestono, brought from a lately discovered quarry at Point Ventenat, in D'Entrecasleaux Channel, South Tasmania. The exterior of the Public Library remains in its old unfinished state, but the interior has been redecorated, upon a plan which was first promulgated by Owen Jones in respect to the Great Exhibition Building of Hyde Park (1851). A room has been lately fitted up for the reception of some splendid casts, by Brucciani, from ancient and modern sculpture, which have proved highly attractive to the general community-a result owing in a great degree to the admirable way in which the casts have been fixed by Mr. Charles Summers, a local sculptor of merit, under the vigilant superin- tendence of Sir Redmond Barry, one of our Supreme Court judges, chairman of the Board of Trustees, and a man of large acquirements and refined taste. Even our Central Gaol is un- finished, though the work of completion is being actively forwarded. Our private buildings are, however, daily increasing, and offer a standing testimony to our wealth. The impetus in this direction is greatly owing to the lessened domands of our colonial stonemasons, who at one time were sufficiently powerful, as a united body, to dictate a public-works policy to the Government, but upon whom the pressure of the times has at last operated to the public advantage. In this description of buildings we may fairly include our churches and chapels ; but we cannot apprize our English readers of anything new in the way of ecclesiastical architecture. The Roman Catholic Cathedral of St. Patriok's, which has been under way for some six or seven years past, is at last asauming imposing dimensions, though the works are carried on slowly. Some of our banks are very fine, but they have been built some years, and the elabo- rate front of the New South Wales Bank, and the handsome hall of the London Chartered Bank, have been described over and over again. The two richest of our colonial banks, the Union Bank and Bank of Australasia-still retain the buildings they occupied when the gold discoveries were made, and which were in 1851 considered handsome, but are now modest and unpretending, if not shabby. The Bank of Victoria is building new offices, which will equal anything of the kind we have here. The lower part of tho frontis exceedingly plain, and consists of rus tia quoins laid out on the face with a bold projection, set off by four plain windows. The porch, which is extremely tall, is surmounted by the bank arms displayed on a shield, the half-recumbent figures of Commerce and Industry, upon whioh Mr. Summers, the sculptor, is engaged, being ar- ranged on either side. Immediately above the lower windows, and in a line with the figures, are a row or supplementary square lights, serving as windows to the Mezzanine story. A substantial balcony divides the upper and lower portions of the front, and opening upon it are the upper windows, enclosed by double Corinthian columnc, supporting arches, whioh surround a largo scallop-shell ornament. A balustrado forma the parapet. The front por tion, sixty-one feet high and oixty-six feel deep, is occupied by offices ; and a vestibule traversing the full depth, leodu to a circulai chamber sixty-two foot in diameter, lightoc by a dome thirty-four in diameter. Tho roo of the domo is to bo of glass, in diamonc panes ; the iron lattico-frames of colonial manu facturo, from Moosrs. Cairns and Co.'s rolling milla. This dome is supported by eight Corin tbiau columns, covered with Keano's cement which gives the apparent consistence of marble The front is to bo composed of Point Ventena stone. Two other handsome buildings lato!; erected aro also worth notice. One is Scott' Port Philip Club Hotel, in Collins-street west, i plain edifico, similar in character to tho Mel bourne Club-houBo; and the other is tho nos hotel built on the site of the old Port Philip Club house, in Flindore-stieot. A MEDICAL SCHOOL FOR VICTORIA. A first effort to establish a medical school for the colony has recently been made, and with some success, which will, in all probability result in the institution of what has been for some time a desideratum. Dr. Eades, a physician of eminence here, a man of position recognised by the citizens of Melbourne, and formerly well-known lecturer on materia medica in the medical schools of Dublin, has given a course of lectures, his project being backed by other pro- fessors of acknowledged competence, and the attendance has been satisfactory to an en- terprise yet in its infancy. Of one hundred lectures, commenced in March, sixty-four have been delivered in the Government analytic laboratory, the subjects being chemistry and malcría medica. These have been delivered under the sanction of the Government, the Attorney-General having permitted the use of the room for the purpose, and we may add, also with the countenance of the chancellor of the University (Sir Redmond Barry), inasmuch as his Honour's permission was also necessary, as one of the trustees of the Public Library, the build- ing being placed on the Library Reserve. The promotors of a Victorian medical school will doubtless have yet some difficulties to encounter before they achieve the object of their desire but there can scarcely be a doubt as to the desira- bility of this objeot being accomplished. THEATRES. At tho Theatre Royal, a socond opora season was inaugurated on the 17th inst., by the per- formance of tho " Bohemian Girl," followed by "Maritana," "Lucrezia Borgia," and " La Soa rmmbuln." Mr. Lystor's company has bean ro inforced by tho addition of Signor and Signo ra Bianchi, and amongst the operas promised are some which havo never been produced in Mel- bourne. The troupo is an unusually Btrong ono in point of vocal talent, including SignoraBiauohi, Madame Lucy Escott, and Miss Rosalie Durand, os prime donne, Signor Bianchi and Mr. Henry Spiers as tenors, Mr. Farquharson as the boss, and Mr. F. LyBter as tho barítono ; whilo an efficient orohestra, including somo excellent soloists, is ably conducted by Mr. Rciff. Great pains aro bcBtowod upon the performance of each opera, nnd the nightly attendance is considerable. Madame Escottmado a groat hit in "Lucrezia Borgia," and excites as much admiration by her noting as by her singing. Melodrama and oxtravaganza arc tho popular entertainments at tho Princess's, where a good working company makes a nightly appeal to Sublic favour with ouccoss. Miss Rosa Dunn and liss Julia Motthmvs aro tho reigning favourites among the lady porformers, and Messrs. Ed- wards, Fawcett, and Stewart among the actors. " Endymion" has boen transferred from the Lon- don boards lo this stage, and has been onlivenod by tho introduction of a " local portrait," Actooon being transformed into one of the members of the present Administiation, the peculiarities of whoso personal appearance, gait, and costume aro closely copied. This description of satire Eeems to be vory popular with a Melbourne audi- ence ; while the local allusions Introduced into the burlesques aud pantomimes by their authors or adapters obtain a largo amount of applause, not always proportionate to tho wit or humour o£ the reference. Cremorne is olosed for the wiuter season ; and the Prince of Wates Theatre is opened for eques- trian performances. It is understood that at the termination of the operatic season at the Theatro Royal Mr. Hoskins will assumo the, manage- ment of that establishment, and as ho has gradu- ated under Mr, Phelps, there is very little doubt that the dramatic entertainments hereafter to bo presented to the publio will bo characterized by their taste and completeness. Sir William and Lady Don completed a lengthened and successful engagement in Sydney on Saturday last, and are about to make a pro- fessional tour through tho gold-fields' of this colony. In the absence of Mr. G. V. Brooke, and in tho dearth of actors and actresses of commanding ability at this und of tho world, a good opening seems to present itself hore for somo of the rising talent which may bo finding inadequate ap- preciation in England and tho United Statos. But it may bo nocessary to remind mero pre- tenders that a Melbourne audience is both critioal and exigent, and that mediocrity will obtain neither solid recompense nor applause, unloss mediocrity has some adventitious aids to rely upon. It is worthy of romark, as indicating the popularity of tho drama in this_ country, that, although the population of Victoria is not more than one-seventh that of tho British metropolis, the colony supports half as many theatres as ara to bo found in London ; and ten of the colonial playhouses would probably equal in capacity a like number of the minor houses in that city. Mr. Coppin took a second farowoll of the Mel- bourne stage, at the Theatro Royal, on the 15th inst. Tho performances were for the benefit of the Dramatic College, while a portion of the pro- ceeds was intended to be devoted to the establishment of a deaf, dumb, and blind asylum. Tho pecuniary results, however, wero not so ( ncouraging as might havo been anticipated ; but it wilf be seen from the following extract from a speech delivered by Mr. Coppin, on taking his leave of the audience, thatho.intendsmaking a professional tour for the benefit of the charities referred to :-" The first of my prosont perform- ances returned a small profit, which was swallowed up last night by the rain. I last year retained from tho large amount I gavo to focal charities the sum of £95, which I look upon as a ^nest-egg. In addition to this Mr. G. Y. Brooke, by his dramatic, readings, subscribed £35 to tho Dramatic CoUegt. With the profits of ¿bis even- ing, .arid whatever I'may make'during my in« J "" tended visit through the colony, I hope to have the satisfaction of laying tho foundation-stone for the erection of one of tho institutions next year," _ SPORTING. At tho present moment tho sports of tbo turf are only looked at as of the past or of the futuro, for tho racing season of 186001 has now finally closed. An attempt has rocently been mado to establish a source of speculation during tho winter recess, by instituting two valuable stakes, entered for in tho autumn, and to bo run for in the oarly spriug meetings, but tho publio have not re- sponded to tho invitation to support theso by tho backing of horses in any noticeable degree. Tho hunting season is, however, largely enjoyed by tho members of the various hunt clubs now estab- lished throughout tho country, and tho sport is continually attracting an inoroaao of members to the clubs. CRICKET. Tho cheerful toil of tho cricketers on their peaceful fields of conquest is at present sus- pended, and their efforts aro now directod to the improvement of the green award, preparatory to the commencement of the noxt season In tho mean timo, expectation has been raised high, in consequence of uthe announcement that a woll Inown enterprising furn m Molbourno havo do tei mined upon the bold stop of sending to England for " tho elovon, at present conquerors of tho two worlds in tho cricket hold TI» measures taken by the firm referred to for tha purposo of securing their object aro of a cha inctor calculated to ensure the desired íesult, without fear of disappointment to Victona or to tho enckot champions, and the good nama which our bold spoculatno firm havo always maintained for bonne foi 11 all their undortak nigs furnishes a guarantee that this affair will be earned out with credit to Victona, as the moat important of the Australian colonies COMMERCIAL A dull mail month has succeeded an anxious ono In our last summary we had occasion to speak of tho feeling of uneasiness existing ia trading and commercial oirolos, and in this w9 Inn o to notice ono or two failures in houses con- nected with the up country trade, and a goneral depression of business lue banks on Saturday raised tho rate of ex- change to J por cent for sixty days' sight, a pro- ceeding which had been looked for daily after the despatch of tho last mail, and whioh was ex- pected to bo accompanied by a fall in tho rata of discount This lattor chango has not yot been announced, Tho yield of the gold fields has been maintained willi tolciablo steadiness, tho averngo of tho year increasing with each weekly escort roturo, During tho last thirteen weeks (throo months), 4fil,910oz havo boon received by escort, and some C0,000oz by prtvato hand, bunging tha total to about 511,010oz During the corres- ponding poriod of 1SG0, the total íecoipts woro estimator!at 528,00007 , or at tho rate of l.OOOoz, weekly in excess of those of this year Tha (.lupments duung tho taino period havo boot about equal to those of list year Whonthä returns for tho BIX months aro made up it is expected that those of tho current year will exoeed thoso of the first halt of 1800, as thoy mil include the larga pircels iindor cngagomont ni tho Swiftsuro, the Water Nymph, and the Royal Mail stOMiiship Jcddo In tho following tablo, tho escort re- turns for this week aro gi\ en side by sido with tho°o of the coiie3ponduig week of I860, togcthoi with the totals of tho years up to dato - Castlomalno «Malilon ?Sindhurst Maryborough Ton ngillin Bade Crock 'Dunolly ?JnLlcwuod TJilIarat »Creswick . C1 mea "BoDCliworlli «Ilucliland ?YaciennilandaU «C1 iltorn «lit thooto «Kii»liworth «Alone* n Crook Kilmore) Totals for tho y oars 1801. oz dwt C 005 10 1015 0 £984 30 077 10 2 002 0 1007 0 C7It> 0 1,300 0 88 8 10 1805 0 2117 10 0 283 10 1703 10 0 2D7 0 01)0 0 034 10 2 914 0 1800 oz dwt 6,798 0 001 0 7,101 10 1,010 0 1,401 0 7 700 0 8 170 10 6 043 0 2 612 10 1 813 10 i 684 10 840 0 1 657 10 0 000 10 081 10 401 10 175~10 Tho escorts from tho places marked thus * aro fort ) 'Ehtly, tho rest woolely In tho following table, the quantities brought into Melbourne weekly by tho escorts fiom all the f,old fields aro given separately for tlireo months, ending last Meek In the last column will be found tho totals for the corresponding periods of 1800 - S7S 1281 50S 1I5S 1256 2682 3673 962 1742 2560 2145 00-1 2914 5555 3218 6323 4433 2307 5267 4079 2960 3630 8S92 3822 6000 5505 5,655 2.443 9,45' 5.761 3,511 4.338 4,242 5,084 3,828 4,946 4,44» 13.T40 5,SS5 17S2 13411 1724 3644 4735 3317 2579 1728 4992 4074 40SS 3535 4S19 5233 3S2S 1S05 2138 1725 156S 1652 1707! 1957 1567 1324 6674; 10,0221 7239 8331 2005 454,910 526,191 Tho average weokly yield during the first quarter of the year has amounted to 3G,713oz. ¡Subjoined is a statement of the average vceldy yield for the several quarters sinco tho beginning of 18D7 : Agc.! 18<"- I 1858' I 18C9 1ft qr. .. 2idqr. . 8idqr... 4lliqr... 48,810 44,408 51,810 53,011 41,025 45,200 48,235 48,017 1800\. I 1801 oz. oz. 41,082 87,082 44,417 89,617 44,623 40,201 80,081 I 87,723 80,713 The rise in the rates of exchango will affict thoso payable for raw gold up to the same per centago. Up to Saturday tho banks wero Uijcrs at £3 13s, Cd, per ounce for standard, which, with the export duty of 2s, Gd., ti ought the cost on board ship, exclusive of charges, to £3 10s, per ounce. Tho following wero the brokers' quotations for alluvial gold, «Inch will bo affected to a like ratio:-For Omeo, 68s. to 71B. Gd. ; Pleasant Crook and Goulburn, 74s, to 75s. ; Sandhurst and Castle- maine, 75s. to 76s.: Maryborough, Dunolly, At oca, Amherst, Back Oreok, Fiery Creek, and , Ararat, 76s. 6d. to 77s. Cd. ; Ovens and Yackan ' dsnelnh. 76s. 6d. to 78s. fld. ; Ballarat, 77s. 61.: to 78s. Cd; per ounce. The fates ruling duri.i¿ the current woek will bo fully 3d. per ounce !>i advance of those. The following is a lUt of the gold Bhips which have sailed during Juno : Sato of Sailing. Snip. O ancos. Juno lOlKoh-i-noor ..London.. .. 118 " 16 Orwell .. ..London.. .. 88 769 ,. 24|WaterNymph ..London.. . 50,768 In the money market, beyond the »Ise in tho lates of exchange, there have been few transac- tions demanding notice. The feeling of bankers and merchants has been expressed pretty freely by their acts in favour of short oredits and legití- mate trade, and against the carelessness and want of system occasionally disclosed in insolvent estates, as they have been brought under the scrutiny of creditors. At the commencement of the month ¡i general want of confidonoo appeared to be spreading throughout tho country ti ade, and im- porters withdrew from the market as much as i Sossiblo. Several meetings of the creditors of tossrs. Miller Brothers and Co. wore held, at one of which tho following balaneo-shoot, pre j- ared by Mr. H. Selwyn Smith from the books of the insolvents, was brought up by a committee of investigation appointed by the creditors : 5lie Balancc-Sboot of Messrs. Millar Brothors nnd Oo.i Importers, Gommtision Agents, and Wliolosolo Pre- vision Dealers, of 0 Quoon- Btreot, Melbourne, drawn f rom their Books as at tho 81st of May, 1861. Liabilities. To sundry creditors hold- ing acceptances ..£23,116 1 8 -OBS. sots off .. .. 165 E 6 \-- £22,950 l8 1» To sundiy creditors in open account .. 2,340 4 ~ 25.297 S 4 To secured creditors deficit in teourltios 6,121 io io To foreign creditors .. .. ,. 708 7 7 £81,217 7 S To contingent liabilities on bUls dis- counted . ,. £29,200 4 6 Assets. By real property .. . £3,350 2 7 By personal do.. 0,209 10 2 By moneys. 2.935 14 8 By debts .. ». . 0¡830 11 9 Bydctloloncy _ . 12,370 0 0 £31,217 7~9 After sovoral meetings, it was determined to Bend tho estate through tho Insolvent Court. Two firms insisted on this course, in preference to the acceptance of an offer of 6s. in the pound. One or two other failures of smaller importance, as regards the amount of liabilities involved, havo taken placo, the circumstances of whioh do not call for particular referenco. There has boen for some time a difficulty in finding safe investments for capital at tho old rales, and prices have been gradually declining until from 7 to 12 per cent, may bo quoted as the minimum and maximum for advances on mort- gage. The bank ratea of discount stand at-For tv, o months', 8 per cent. ; for throe months', 9 per cent. ; for four months', 10 per cent. Interest is allowed on time deposits at the following rates :-For deposits at 30 days' notice, from le to 2 por cent, per annum; at three monttur notice, from 2 to 2.J per cont.; at six months' notico, from 4 to 4r} por cont. The Boiling ratos of exchange on England are at J per cent, for GO days' sight for largo amounts, and IA per cent, promium for 30 days' sight for bills undor ¿'50. Froight on gold loy sailing-vessels is from 2d. to 3d. per ounco, deliverable ia London ; insurance, 1.} per cont. By the over- land routo, the freight to the Bank of England, including insurance and transit duty, is 2 por ct-nt. ; oxclusive of insurance, 1 per cent. The share market has been subjected to con- siderable fluctuations. Bank and insurance shares havo maintained their ground, but rail- way and gas shares havo boen depressed. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway shares, which were quoted at 46^-48 on tho 25th. May, have since changed bands at 421, and aro now ' quoted at 40-42.*.. This fall has been caused by | ll>o decrease in importations, and by tho pro- spects of increasing competition between the i oad and tho rail. Melbourne and Suburban Rail vwiy Company's shares havo beon done as low as JE1 12s. Gd. for £10 paid up. In this case, the prospects of Parliamentary opposition and finan- cial difficulties, arising out of legal questions attending tho coming issue of debentures, havo been the chief cause of tho falling off in valuo. In mining shares thoro is nothing now to report, (ho market having beon brought to the lowest ebb by the prevalence of speculation, nnd tho »bsenco of anything liko a system of exchange calculated to secure rho confidence of the publia. The great bulk of mining companies is in the hands of practical miners, banded together in small copnrtnerios. These aro not quoted in the lists, being mainly hold for investment. Tho following sales aro reported during the pnst week. On Monday :-Colonial Bank of Australasia, at C6 5s. ; National Bank of Aiiptialnsia, at£3 6s. Gd.; Bank of Victoria, £35; Melbourno Guaranty Company, at 4s.; Melbourno and Hobson's Bay Railway Company, £-12 10s. On Tuesday :-Bank of Victoria, at £35 ; Bendigo Gas Bharos, at £3 15s. ; Colling- wood and Fitzroy Gas Compony's, at £5 Is. : Grand Junction Quartz, £1 paid up, at 9fl. ; and Sandy Ci eok. Poverty Roof, al 8s. 6d. On Wodnesilay : Colonial Bank of Australasia, at £6 4s. ; Na- tional Bank of Australasia, at £3 7s. to £3 83. ; Collingwood and Fitzroy Gas Company, at £5 Is. to £5 2s. Gd. ; Australasian Insurance Company, nt £110s, ; Victoria Life and peneral Insurance Company, at £3 7B. Cd. ; and in mininer, shares Garibaldi, at £30 ; Maryborough Mining Com- pany, at 2s. Gd.; St. Arnaud,at £38 ; St. Mungo, at. £1 7s. Gd. for three months. On Friday Colonial Bank of Australasia, at £6 4s.; Na- tional Bank of Australasia, nt £3 83. Cd.; Bank of Victoria, at £33 ; Collingwood and Fitzroy Gas Company, at £5 2s. Gd, ; Australasia Insurance Company, at £1 9s. Gd. ; Colonial Insuranco Com- pany, at 19s. ; Eaglehawk Association Mining, 13n. ; Stieglitz Quartz, at Is. On Saturday Colonial Bank of Australasia, at £6 3s. Cd. And this day-Colonial Bank of Australasia, £6 2j. Gd. ; National Bank of Australasia, £3 lOrf. ; Col- lingwood and Fitzroy Gas Company at £5 Is. to ¡C5 2s. ; Colonial Insurance Company, 18s. Gd. Several station properties have chauged bauds. Mcssis. Power, Rutherford, and Co. havo dij pOBCd of tho Springbank Station, Glenelg, in the SVcstorn District, with 15,000 sboop, 400 hoad onttlo, stock horses, &o.;, given in, for £22,000, " on tho usual terms." Messrs. Kayo and Butchart report having effected the salo of Mr. Robert Dunn'3 intorest in the Cornago Station, with 4,500 head of cattle, at £7 per head. The imports at the Port of Molbourno during tho week ending the 15th inst. were of the do- ckrell value of £198,472, and the exports of £'182,925, the balance being in favour of tho foi mor to tho sum of £15,547. Among tho m tides of colonial produco oxportod wo notico - Bark,20tons; flour,40tons;gold,34,493oz.;hidos, 898 No ; horns and hoofs, 0,2-10 No. Live Stook Horned cattle, 36 No. ; horses, 46 No. ; shoop, 3,200 No. ; potatoes, 15 tonB ; skins, 31 No. ; tallow, ISA tons; wool, 40,5611b. Thoro wera not'her imports nor oxports of specio. In the following table, tho imports and oxports ara piven weekly for the current year up to dato, c< mpared willi 18G0, according to the valuosdo cliued at tho CuBtomB: Week ending Impoi tx 1861. Exports. 1860. 1861. April 1" sol -. 27 Kay 4 £ 180,160 304 407 181,189 409,471 827,705 107.193 821,611 117,112 141.006 260,869 243,602 25%fi01 224,004 105,684 84,847 200,181 803,121 255,703 601.067 204,309 134,274 172,514 140,805 108,472 £ 185,822 107,183 402,064 872,839 110,127 247.108 174,013 430,192 229,230 269,700 205,638 173,271 133,620 220,000 184,001 180,058 818,030 40,083 257,481 437,038 190,101 33,716 209,151 204,801 £ 210,340 232,112 217,230 480,693 291,913 80,825 270,016 204,257 860,063 85,161 802,236 40,037 207,021 45,871 202,781 289,272 446,075 80,432 109,877 103,670 825,005 ? 217,223 87,864 182,026 0,853,409 I 5,304,153 I 5,465,230 I 6,200,851 In tho first porlod tho account stood thus: Imports _ .£0,858,409' Exports .. _ .. .. 5,405,230 Balance of imports over exporta In the second porlod :-. Imperta. Exports . Bo Unco of imports over oxports.. .. £73,299 Just previously to the despatch of our last sum- mary, soveral inaccuracies wore detected in the list of stocks of dutiablo goods in bond. This list had originally been published by authority, and had subsequently beon placed in privato hands. Tho stocks havo since been taken, and the following list may be relied upon as a near approximation to tho actual quantities : Monthly statement of bonded stocks in Mel- bourne, on Saturday, 22nd Juno, 18C1 : Bonded during the month :-Brandy, 2014 hhds. 3G4 cases ; rum, 160 hhds. ; geneva, 350 rod cases 1,250 green cases; whiskey, 20_ hlid. ; old tom, 1,570 cases ; cordials, 100 coses ; spirits of wine, 10 hhd. ; other spirits. 4 coses : wine, 462 hhds. 210 coses ; beer, 100 hhds. ; tobacco, 110 half- tierces, 10 quarter-tierces, 25 kegs, 4G three quarter boxes, 801 cases and boxes; cigars,-123 cases ; tua, 2,000 chests, 4,278 half-chests, 2,491 boxes ; ? cuffee, 4 b^gs, !>-tieri» s, 30 casks; 33 brawls! fcbioory, 203 packages. Delivored for home consumption.-Brandy, 465_ hhds, 5,127 coses ; cm tom, zo mids. 1,920 caseB; cordials AT*; spirits of wine, 4 hhds. ; other spirits a?ZV Í cases; wine, 292i bh'ds. 632 ca'ses 'belr^I mida. 4 cases and casks: lob«T«'oni?1?^ rges ; opium, 3 chests 19 packers. Delivered ¿ ¿61 bhds. ; geneva, 3 hhds., 620 reel cases 52 gtcen cases ¡ whiskey, 63« hhds. 1.11G TZ , > tem, 19i hhds 646r'case>; cordK »,'í other suints, 22.J cases; wino, 149 hhds. 128MS?,: «"it.?"3 ^ casks; tobacco, 37 S' 174 balf-tierces, 10 quarter (tierces fió £' quarter boxes, 115 cases and boxes ; lara li CCECB ; tea, BU chests, 1,200 lialf-dS mi boxes : coffee. 0 bags '3 casks. TotÄt°79 I\"« |tbdB. 10 cases; geneva, 47a hhds,, 0 772 S cres, 11,923green cases; whiskov 9¡k¡ M,I 57,922 cases ;old tom, 664 hhï^S «Ä coi dials. 2.062 eases : sniriln «ç ,".".' io ?T?3< e,uarier-tierces, 1,100 kegs, 8,768 throB.«;,»». Jcxes, 6,040 'cases andg Wes ; SA erres; snuff, 71 paokages; tea, 25»fia nW. ¿1,424 half-cîiests>16,95Ô'boxes j coÄSw * Í) tierces, 209 casks, 210 barrels ; chicoTTa ] nokageB ; opium, 36 cheBts 63 packages Tho Insolvency Circular for the month r>f May contains a list of 112 insolventa who°o schedules have been filed during the month Of tbeso tho stated liabilities were in 75 estnt»; under £300, more than 60 being under and about £100. Tho trades and callings of L ? solvents may bo thus classed ¡-Auctioneers 2 bakers 2, boarding-house keepers 3, bootmaker 1* blacksmith 1, browçr 1 bricklayer 1, brickmaker 1, builder 1, butcher 1, cabmen 2, carmen 2 carpenters 4, elorks 4, clothier 1, commission «gents 3, contractors 3, com dealer 1, dairv man 3, drill instructor 1, ongineer 1 ¡¿. mus 6, fruiterers 2, gentlemen 3, Rreen¿roc«r 1, grocers 2, harness-maker 1, labourers C miners 13, niUBioian 1, painters 2, picture- frames maker 1, pound-keepers 2, porter 1, plumber 1 publicans 8, restaurant- keepers 4, smvyer l' saddler 1, salesman 1, Bchoolmostor 1 shared Inokorl, shoemaker 1, shipwright 1, stonemason J, storekeepers 3, storemon 2, tailor 1, theatre moprietor 1, wharf agent 1, undescribed 2 Dividends wero declared in seven, and plans of eliHribution wero filed in fifteen estates. Seven susignments for benefit of creditors werercms lercd. Twenty-three certificates were granted ia the Molbourno court, and twosusuendod. Seven- teen certificates wero granted m (ho Geolone ce urt, and two refused. * MELBOÜENE WHOLESALE PEICE3 OÜBEBNT. Tilt Argus Ofllco, Monday Evening, A rovlow o£ tho ünport marltot of tho past month alfords but littlo occasion for commoiit. Buaine-i generally has bcon In a stato of inoetivlty. Tlio sover«! failures which havo occurred sinco tho departure of thi last mall havo depressed trado to a \ cry cunBldcrablo extent, and havo led to a want ot conndoiico, especially «nong up-country doalorB. Speculation continues at a low ebb, and although eoveral artlclOB of gonoral consumption aro low In stock, and purcrssos aro con lined to nccossary requiromonts only. Holde« continuo to oxoroiso tbo greatest caution, and aro chary of parting with their gcodB on anj lei'gthoiiod credit. Tho unsoltloil stato of poll, tie», nnd tho prospect of n ipecdy dissolution ol tlio Pnrliftoiont, havo, in their sovoral ilckices, hil e licet In adding to the general dulnoss which provalls '11 o benefit of 'ho intelligence if continued reduction in tho valuo of shipments from the homo markets wai moro than e,ountorbjlunced by the remark rando hy Items Stahles, that their report roíalos only to li« i nines of British goods, and »fiords no criterion as to Hat of foreign goods shipped from British porn Altogether, with the greater part of tho winter belora uf-, tho aspect ofhusiness ia anything; but cheering ¡and ur i ii otihei tlio number ol traders 1« lessened, or an in tindo sconiB likely to continuo Thoro Is, hoTCVir, no disposition to forco off goods, but, as stocks aro for this renton accumulating, no ultlmato benefit to pilca er.n be augured Alo, in hulk, Is somewhat caller in prlco, as fuller ti pplies have como into tho market. Bulk stout, con. lidcrlnrz tho season. Is In fair inquiry, mid saleable it eiuotnticna. Tho demand Is ll-ht tor both bottled tis mid stout, nnd oxcoptfor tho best brands thero Is dim tully In cftcr-llng faleB ThofollowlrgaioquotatioiB -Ale-Bass's No. 8, now, £8 l61 to £B; old,£S 6s ; Allsopp's new, £8 Sa ; other Burton bro»a ', ¡TO 103. ; Joulo'a Stono, £8 Ea. ; Toniiont'i, £0 Wi pt.- hhd. ; Bjass's bottled, Os (k1 ; other bottlen', it. Gd. to 1(N. Stout-Be3t brands, £0 10s to ii, fiber troworn', £010s per hhd ; bottled, Bynsi's, lot. fiel. ; Allsopp'a, bottlod by Friend, quarts, 10s ; pish Si- to Os 8el. ; othor bottlers', Os. to li H por dozen, loiclay's porter, bottled by Friend, quarts, 10s H IL 10s. Od ; pints, nono in market. Bogs and Sacks -Sacks continuo In fair doman! »i ü, unless hiavy shipments havo boon malo, prta mo liltoly to ndvnnco Woolpacks ha\o been terni*. up ; stocka aro light and lull i\ eight» rcarco Threw bushel sache oro quoted at 12a. por dozrn, and 101b, pi cka at BH IOII to da caoh. Butler-Stocks aro still hoavy; a quiet steady ti edols, howovor, doing at last quoted rnlcsoflOd.ij lOJd. for parcelB of good quality nowlj landoel. landlos -Air vals havo bcon heavy, but. comlnßlo a nearly baro markot, prices havo boon nell sustained, ¡The large quantities which havo proved damaged kaw Eereowhat weakened prices, nnd bnyors havo keen « dcavourlng to forco down ratea, hut «liliout euc tew. PricoB aro ¡-Neva suiarincs, Is Cd. to ]s. til, «'ii composite, lid to Is. ; Belmont spci m, Is 3ÍJ , Ct.lcb\ 's, Is 3Jd ; Hales', s 8Jrt Ceals -Heavy arrivals of colonial havo tupplicd the li nikct, and pricei aro easier, willi prospect of fur tl.cr decline IIB arrivai« como tu hand. Of Engluli tho msrkot imnnins baro I'rico of Nov>caitlo(co'o li'al) on the wharf quoted at 85s. per ton. Confectionery shows no inipriA ement Small 1 ti of v, oil iifisoitcd continuo to bo movod off nt from 3 Cjd tolOjd. nor lb. tordngo -lucre ia a better luquliy for approved a; reilmcnts of cordago, but prices aro unaltered Senmiug twine continues scarce, ind In demand, Tiice s siro :-Kuropo, unsnleablo ; Hussion, £40 ; coir, £T0 to £35. Manilla (ai- sortod ilzoa) £d8 to £10 pel l'li; ihoptvvlno, lOd. ; Bowing, 18d pur lb ; oabuiti, i I'O to £35 por ten Uruga, A.c.-Tho domnndfor bulli soda crystals aid ni h is oxcociiingly light, and scarcolv uni thing hu 1 ecu doing lu theso artlolos. bulphur flour Is in lather better inquiry, and rather filmer in prise Cn tor oil is very senrco Bulk worth 7i. Od i»i Sf.lloii. Pallin opium is easier, and quoted nt £2ii ] er chest In bond Prop.ucil in fair demand at from Lfcn to 41s pel canister, duly (mid Soda crjslalssrd quoted at £010s ; soda ash at £14 ; cau'tlo soda i. x23 ; sulphur flour, £20 per ton, Knrthcnwnro remains dull Tho demand Is lerr lit bt, mid assortments of platos aro the only article! ni all ealcablo, Fish (dried) -With tho exception of white berring) ni d small lots of Ung, of primo quality, thero b nu demand whatever. Ung (primo) is quoted at4d,to 4,'d. ; whllo liorrlugn, 10« to 10s. 8d per firkin, Oi.lo OÎ Oa.pertln; red berrlrgs, of good quality and con d Hen, 17s peí dozen tins. Flour and Grain-Inquiry for flour has since our hut rcpoi t boon almost confined to trado requirement! 'J hero was a short timo nineo an apparent spoculatln ft cling crcntod,and oovoral parcels wore repot ted loba» changed bands Tho disposition has, howovcr, died out, and tlio markot has sinco remained very quiet. Prlcoa aro giving way in South AustralU, ni el should thoy remain as last quoted a correspondía! -Icclino may ho expected in this mnrktt. Iho Elect», ficm California, lias arrived at Sj dnoy wllh a cargo« v Leal and flour, but as that markot was low In stock Î.1 ICCB aro not likely to bo Influenced thoro, although t moy temporarily check orders for auppllos fromthii ai d tho neighbouring colonies. Quotations aro ¡-Tu- ri onion, £10 to £10 10s ; Adelaide, £10103, toil! Ki-.; Amorican, d2s. to 18s porbarrol. Wheat li not ce ming forward no frcoly ; good samplo« only arr, however, of toady Balo ; pilcea ot best samples mi' 11 < m 7s. to 7B. Od por husliol. Barloy continue» a ) mitcd Inquiry. EngliBh Is quoted at 0s 8d. to 0s.0J, m d Capo at 6s. por bushel. Oata aro in Improved de i. rnd, and prices appear at longth to ha looking ur \ .rüs. Good swoot parcelB of Irish and 8MK« ai o inquired for, and holders asking 4s nor bmhet £i les of thoso descriptions havo, howovor, been nucí r.l Ss Od., Californian at 4s., Calcutta at 4s., Du» at 8s. led., and colonial, of good colour and quilty, ti fiom is 2d. to 4s. 4d. per bushel. Mau tu deolincd both In Inquiry and prlco j arrivals hive OMI b nvy, and, tho season being favourable for colong ii nlllng, demand IB reduced. Prlco oro quoted al fi em 10B. Od. to 11s. per bushel, but by auction m Itvo boon made at from OB Od toOs 9d foranowlî In.ded parcel. Maize comes to hand slowly, «"« ¡j i e mparstlvoly Bmall parcols. Prices havo P»'««P»T wnh tho advance in oatB, and aro quotedI «MV » firm is to fis. 3d. per bushel. Gram, light insto«, ii d held for £1210s. portón. , ", Fiuis(dric4)-F/e_i fruits bclop;now neariyont tf reason a better demand for dried serta hu uto i .Id »tecks appear to bo nearly worked off, ana pnm Ulhcugh unaltered, are Um.«, ,.0,«°'»^»'Sr_ Almonas, Jordan, 1«. 4d. ; soft- eneil. M-j««*!? fl'atras), 4d. to 41d. ; ral» ns-Huscatois (byer»), m e edT Cane, 5d. to 6Jd. ; French plums (bot««), M to lOd. ; ígs, 4jd. to Xd. ; Barcolon» nuto. 44. » là. : dried apples (AmefTcan). 8jd. Jo 4{d. pec? ». GÍssswaro Tsmoro askable. Chesp tumWeriJ v anted, and for suitable Invoices of modorate «xteoi lair advance could bo obtained, _ ,_... Hardware and Ironmonric-ry.-The »ï»£«f g Tiovcmcnt alluded to lort month aro una-atoa, o» îisve^s yet led to no activity, although price. « Iii mer, with a prospect of somo slight »?»«> are Hollowaro Is not In any demand. Dca ora «tew fctrcked, and oannot bo Induced to pmcbaio Orocorlu.-_ho accumulated stoeks of«» w imounttono-irly a year's ^uraP";nîa"d.iT5i "»lea reducedpricoB must bo «ubmltttd-W,I*K_ n- regards low class sorts, which « «'S Hy auction. low quality co«ST» have hcenpl»cMJ furn£4 10s. to £0 10*. ter chest. COITOCB crow» with the Incresv ed ccn.umptlon ^'¿"rK'Ä D ontln-,nodidlne on present »rleese» to«~»g EuB&ra.-8tocks; In first hands aro now pi «w ïiiiount, and price, generally very steady ThW Iii Ontnrr Company bolng sunpUoel by tho omw in lining uompany uuiuK »»I'lt'";..-* - i" tutw ctuple of cargoo» from Manila aro » " rosftlon to Bupfly tho trade, whleh will baw»», Brncy to prevent further advance '» «» ""¡L Mauritius/although, until »«^¡¡¡J^Si plentiful, no reduction in prleos I» PWh»«4-.& the new crop, steadily amtains IttiMK v, e, cllted in valuo, und by auction hab been pjw > low as from £11 17« Od. to £12 7- 01- J ^ton ; Tin na. lho Formota Jits ft>,0\V,,Vl_êlvM»fl lut, lnthepoBltltnotthousarkct,lsnotlilieiy»,u «ile«. Quotation» »re:-Teas (dnty pa!d)-Coniro.i & ordinary to fine, £8 to £10 per choat ; inferior f«ordinary, £0 to £7 per chest; hyoouBkln, £3 Sr chest; gunpowder, 8s. to 8s. 8ef.; Importó, £ ed. to 8s. ; hyson, is. Od. : orango pekoa, "sled, 2B. fld. to 2s. Od. par lb. ColToe (lu bond) Lftjlon plantation, Is. ; native, led. j Manilla, M io OJd. per Ih. Sugar-Cossiporo, Ko. 1, 6is. ¡¿'553,¡Mauritius, crystallized white, 48s. to SO».; ¡¡a to One yellow, 42s, to 45s, Od. ; low to fine brown, «s. to 40s. Nico, Fatna, now, 18s. per owt. MiUl» -Thero has boon moro inquiry for low trltedaortsof corruga! od Iron, and prices ero rat nor ¡¡¡ter. StockB aro working down, tnd further trn «roTcment Is looked for. Plain galvanized iron Is letter supplied, and In lets inquiry. Bar and rod Iron, tfrood'wundi and assortment, is saleable Blade rita continuoB still acareo, and <n demand. In shcot Ida there Is no Imniovoment ; piiccs aro, indeed, aller. Lead shot Is Arm and improving. Zino Is ia tillereupplVi but still saleable at quotationp. lia »Mw in fair request. Quicksilver Is firmor, and motel at from 2s 3d. to 2s. 4d. Quotations aro oo follow :-Morewood's patont corrugated galvanized llumd, 24 and 20 gauges, £80 per ton ; Moro irtod'B corrugated galvanized, No. 2, or untlnnod, £t( do. ; Tuppor's do., £84 do. ; Hamilton's or other English maker's, £32 do. ; Scotch, £80 to £81 do. ; Korewood's galvanized tinnod plain, 26 and ¿Bgauges, \ ID do. ; Tnpoor's, or otlior Entrlish makor'fl, £42 do. : Sootcti, do., £36 do. ; rod and bar, bost Staffordshire trend«, BBIT, £1110*. do. ; do., Scotch, £10 do.; plate, iii do. ; shoot assorted, £16 do. ; anglo and T., £11 do.; hoop, £12 do.; pig, £4 10s. do.; Swedish, co solo. Lead-ripo, assortod BUMS, £28 to £20 do. ; ¿(6t, milled, assorted, £27 do. ; shot, assortod. fSi do. Quicksilver, 2s. 8d. por lb. Stool-Blister, I ! ts. por owt. ; cast, £2 16s. do. Tin-Block, li M. to Is. Od. per lb. ; plates, charcoal, IO, piules, charcoal, IX, 25 per cont. advance. Wiro -fencing, black, £16 per ton ; galvanized, Nos. 1 U 5, £18 do. Zinc-ïlollod, light, £34 do. J do. Hill, £2 8s. »,o £210s. por owt. Hops.-Demand Is light, and salos of old dim (»It to cüíct. evon at low rates. New Kent or Sussex no quoted at from Is. Od. to Is. lOd. per lb. Dilmon a ßtorcs -A general Improvement la notior. tile and sever ii articles, as mustard, plcklos, salad oil, íirílnos bino, and starch, aro getting low in stock, »UM generally thero is on Improved fooling and prctpcct at length of amended prices Quotations ire -Blue, thumb, lSd por lb currlo powdar, quarts IBs to 14s por dozon, fruits, bottled, quarts, ltt Oil do , jams and IOUIOB, lib tins, 11s Od. do, lobsters lib tins, Amoncan, Os do, maccaronl, ¡Id per lb , vermicelli, white, Naples and Genoa, 01. d mustard, lu bulk, No 2, 8}d do , do , in lib. bettles, 13s per dozon, do , In Jib bottloa, 8B. do ; citincal £10 por ton, oysters, prosorved, lib tin?, Iii per dojen, do, 21b tins, 17s to £1 do ; pickles, quarts 10s to 11s Od do , do, pints, 03. Sd to Os Od do , proservod moats, 21b tins, wantali ; nlad oil, pints, lis Od por dozen, do, hilf piole. lös Od do , salmon, prosorved, lib tins, ¡.| do , sirdmos, halves, lOo Od do , do, quarters, (j do , saucoB, nssortod half pints, 8s do » do , Worcostershlro (Lea and Porrln's), 12s to 12s 01. do, starch (Colman s) Od por lb , vinegar, brown (Champion B24) IS lOd per gallon, do, concentrated, ¡jiarts, Os lo 10s per dozon, wotto wino, la Od to li Dil per gallon Oil", I'd iti &.a -Chlncso oil is in improved domiud, ti d nnno lu first hands, prices aro looking up Lln icid oil rather oaslor iu price PriccB aro - Lluseod «li (raw), 3s Oj , boiled, -li, colza, 6s , Ohlueso, Bs J tuipontlne, 1) 01 por gallon WhltoIoaU, bolt, Su red end '¡''s per owt Provisions - Hams and bacon aro In rather oaslor inquiry and prices scarcoly BO lirra Ariivals, of ham3 particularly ii-iv« been tolorably largo Cheela- primo ¡.areola aro sil 1 of i oaely sal o, although a moro plon 1 ful supply Ins rondorod rates a llttlo oaslor Prio» ralo OB f How -Bacon-Varoys, 12d , Sinclairs, Kjd Comptons 12d Hams-Vareys, 13¡d , Sin tiirs leid , Cumberland, 12d , Westphalia, 7id t 8d per lb ühooso-Doublo Gloncostor Is ¿1 ttlltshiro 1B Hd to Is 2d Ohoshlro,Is 2jd .Goude, Jd to 8d per lb Pork-Irish moss, £5 poi harrol, kel £6 pel tloreo louder-Tho markot is fully stocked, and piled » 0 drooph g For good blasting Burta not ovor 7¿d, mr lb is mocurablo ' fait romains unaltered. Stocka still held by ona 1 cuse. Cnnsldorable parcols aro, howevor, on tho unj. Coarto is still quotod at £10; fine, £8 10s. to ¿9; reck, £11 to Cil 10s, por ton. Spirits-liiere Booms a gonoral feeling that bran flea must c -.mo down lu pi ice, although Btocks aro fast r-duo'iig Geneva Is lu moderato stock, and held for Mflier ntes Whiskey is lu moro inquiry, and prlcai Hillier. Kura is soniowhat dull o7 salo. Quotation! mo as folio*:-(In bond)-Brandy, MartolFo dark, IDs. Gd. por Kallon ; Iloiinessy'a do., 10s. 3d. do. ; pate, 12j.0d. to ISs, ; Otard's, 10s. do. ; U.V. Proprloton' ilo, 01. Od. do. ; Champagiio Vineyard Proprietor!' Compiny's do., palo, ils. do. ; Vinogrowors', lOi Od. do ; other brands do., 6s. to 8s. do. ; ¡als, M «toll's, 13i. do.; do., do., or Hennessy'!!, DCs per dozen caso; do., U. V. Proprietors', 29o. do. ; Vinegrower*', 24s. do. ; Chrunpr-gno Vino jard PropiiotorB* Company's, 23s. do.; Clouzoau's, SOj. do. Gonova-JDKZ or koy brand, 17s. ¡i:r i gallon ca<o; do, do.. Os. Od. por half-case ; do., other brands, 10s. to 18s. per case Gin Loudon old tom, host brands, 2s. Od. por gal- lon ; do., do., l8«, fld. por dozen. Rum-East India, So to 80 o.p., is. Od. to 2s. 8d. por gallon ; Woot India, 10 to 12 o.p., St. (Id. do. ; do., 20 to 80 o.p., in. do. Whiskey, Irish, Mohan's, 4s. Od. do. ; Scoter, 1 ost, 4s. 0J. do. ; do., best brands, 12s. per dozoa ciie. Timhor.-For (inmediata dolivory, tho demand o9n tliiucs good, and prices aro woll sustained. Iiirgo parcels uro, liow-ovur, on tho way, so that present latos o in se ireoly bo expected to bo maintained Quotations aro :-Bilttc logs, 2i. pur loot cubo. Orogou, £3 103, to £0 10a per 1,000 feet. Cedar- Lo,'s, 22s. to 253. per 1C0 feet ; boards, lin. and upwards, 3?d. to 4d. per foot nnpor. Lumber and shelving, £13 por 1,000 tee t. Deii-s-llod, 0x3 lijd to (¡Jil. por foot ; 11x3, l\d. to 8d. do. Scotch propaiod flooring, O x I|, 1JJ. pur foot ; O - J, Ijjd. do ; O x J, IJd. do. ; « x J, Ijil. do. Pitch or hard pino, lill., £15 por 1,000 toit ; Hiu., £10 do. Clear pine, lln , £10 to £20 por 3,íOO foot. Tobacco.-Tho morkot continuos very dull. Stocks uro exce-s-dvo, and arrivals continuo ; so that, notwith- standing tha unsottloil condition of Amouc.i, no prcpee» of Improvod prices at present enluto. Quo titlons aro :-Clunrs (in bond)-Havannah, roftl, nor 1,000, £12 ; imitation do, do., £3 to £10 ; Manilla cheroots, No. 2, do, £2 4s. to £2 5s. ; No. 2, Havannah «Lupo, do,, _2 7s. to £2 8s. Tobacco Ejnatt'a anchor brand, per lb., Is. Od. ; do., crown do, do , Is, 4<1, to lu. Od. ; oaglo, do., do., Is. 3d. ; honc-v dow, 201b, boxes, half-lb. lumps, Od. to lOd. do. ; do., 8's, Oil. to8d. ; ICorr'ii brand, Is IJd, to Is. 2d, ; sheepwash. 2d. to 4d. per lb, Wines -Tho Inquiry for ports continues tolorably (¡nod, particularly for low to medium qualitios. In ilicrrios thoro li no improvomont to report; there ii voijr little demand, and that at low prices. In light Mines no inquiry. MELBOURNE MARKETS. MONDAY, JUNE 24, THK MILLS. Tho trido con lime to bay sparingly, nnd although pikes of flour nro unchanged, a limited amount only of business has heeu dono. Quotations nro:- Flin Iltur, £17 to £17 10» per ton; American, bia' brands, 13a. per barrel ; bran, Is. 2d per bushol ; iihcnt-but littlo offoring, beet samples boing from 7s. to 7s. Od. per bushol. Boncrnft'8 colonial oatmoal Is quoted at-lu 41b. tim", £40 per ton, of 2,2401b. ; In 141b. lins, £30 ; In 281b. tins, £81 ; in 2owt. bags, £55 ; lu 141b. and 281b. bags, £27 ; In 501b. and 1121b. liagp, £20; In tmrrols, £20 10a. Mnlzo or corn i' cal.-In 2001b. bag?, £18 per ton of 2,0001b. Poos mini.-In 1001b. IURK, £'t4 per tonor2,0001b. Mr. Bencrafc rcpor.f, :-'. Oatmeal Is rising, in con tcquonco of the demand setting in for colonial oats, Milich to day nro worth 4s. Oil. por bushel. Maize n.cal still maintain» Ita prioo ; but with tho (Ino Bol- lon In Now Polish Wales, wo shall bo lecolvlng our usual supplies, nnd our quotations by noxt mall will lio lowor. Peas moal ia In good demand, tho raw ma- terial rMnrr. Wo aro compollcd this week to glvo higher quotations." RETAIL MARKETS. tutchorB' Moat.-Boof, 2d. to fid. por lb. ; mutton, Ed. to 4Jd. do. ; veal, 8d. to Oil. do. ; pork, Od. to lOd. Jo. Poultry.--Turkeys, OB. to 18s. each ; gocso, 14i. to 17s. por pair; iluekB, OB. to 7s. do.; fowls, EB. to Oi. do. ; rabbits, 4s. to 6B, per braco ; buttor, frcih, Is, Od. to 2s. por lb. ; eggs, 2s. Od. to 8*. por dozen; milli, 80. to lOd. por quart; blond, 8d. to Od. tho 41b. lout. HAT MARKET. MOISIS, Buller and Moss roport as follows ;-"Tho roles effected during tho woekhavo been satisfactory, and tho prlco of best tiny advanced fully 10s. por ton upon last quotations. Our presont ratos will bo maintained, It' tho arrivals aro not greatly incroasod. Bo* t hay, £7 10s. to £8 ; Inforlor and second, ¿'5 to £8 15s. ; straw, £210s to £3." Mr. Jamos Fenton supplies tho subjoined report : '"Iho loto rain, in connoxlon with tho holiday, hu given two brisle days for colling; consequentlyth.3 inarkot has been roadily cloared, with an advanco in prices, which rango from £110s. to £8 ; straw, £210s. to £3," EASTERN MARKET. Wo had a full market on Saturday morning. Second' >h'n vegetables, being in excess of tho demand, wore dltlicult to soil. On tho whole, business was dull. Tlio following wero tho prices obtained :-Vogo tibloi.-Artichoke!', 1 jd. por lb. ; boot, Od. to Is, poi eitzen; bouquet«, OB. to 83. per dozen; cabbages, 2i, to 4s. Od. per dozen ; carrots, Od. to 1B, poi dozon bunches; cauliflowers, 2s, to 8s. por dozon «¡lory, 2c to 8s por dozen ; cross, water, Is. to l8. 8d per dozon bunches ; horseradish. Gi. per dozon bundloi leeks, Od. per dozon bunchos ; lottuoo, 6d. to Od. po¡ di zen ; marjoram, Od. to 8d. per dozen bundie» mint, (Id, to 8d, por dozen bunches ; onions (drlo l) Ç» to 7B. per owt. ; do. (rreon), IB. por dozn hunches ; parsloy, Is. por dozen bundies ; parsnips 0d. to Is, 8d. per dozen bunches; potatoes, Gi to 5s od, per cwt. ; do., young, 8s. por owt, pumpkins, 3s. to 4s. per dozon ; radish, 7d. to 8J per dozon bunchOB; sago, 8d. por dozon bunchei tlmllots, 2jtl per lb. ; spinach, 2d, per lb. ; sprouts. Is 'n Is Oil. per dozon; thymo, Od. por dozon bunchos turnips, (M, to le Od, per dozon bunchos; tomntoo; ¡el. per lh. ; vogotablo marrowB, 2a. por dozan Fruits.-Apples, Od. por lb, ; poors, 6d. por It Dalry Produco.-Butter, Is. Od. to Is. Od. por lb elucks, 6i. to 0s. per pair ; eggs, 2a. 8d. to 2s. 0. per elozoii; gocBO. 10s. to 14s. per pair ; hens.li. t 5i. 01. pur pair; honoy, 0d. to Is. per lb. ; plgoDa 2*. por pal'; pork, Od. to Wd. per lb. ; rabbltä, 2B. t «. peir pair ; suoklng pigs, 7s. to 10s. each : turkoy 12s. io 18s. per pair. WOOL, TALLOW, AND HIDES. MCSM-B R. Goldsbrougb and Co. supply tho annoxe report:-"Wool. - Tho quantity coming Jorwai during tho past month has boon vory Ilmltoelln oxton nur onlv sales bolnr; a fow small lots, principally No /ç land, for which very fair prlcos liavo boon obtain; when wo consider tho uusatlnfictory stato of tho hour morkar, goodlotiof unwashed realising lOJd. to 12d and average fiecco la. Od. to Is. 8d. por lb. Tho u: favourable advlcjs received by the latt and provloi mai s havo had a depressing elliot, moro ospoelally c »courod wools, which aro not enlcablo at a rodu Von of from 2d. to 8d. per lb, consequently ti bulk of this description lins boon shipped on or elucers' account, tho majority of the follmongo Picfcrrlng to risk tho cluuca or a rise in the En ««i market rather than inako a cortain loss in thl which would bo inevltublo, as for months, pi I nets paid for shocpsLlna havo been too hl¿ The Northam which n-rlvcd on the Oth inst, with advices from London to April 25 brought aooount salcBof tho Port Philip wools sold tn the February and March series of «ales, and certainly they aro bv no means encouraging to operators on this eldo A hugo proportion of the lots sold, and moro especially trounnashed and Inferior to average descriptions oí flceco, leaving aorlous losses, whilst the best sorts of combing-although, undor tho oiroumstancos. Bellin? remarkably well, and realising comparatively huh 5ricos-very soldom show a balanco on tho profit side, ho fact, howovor, of tho bost and most carefully get up lots soiling BO well will not bo lost on our wool growers, and doubtless tho reiult of Incroasod caro ard attention will boovidont when next year's clip cernes to markot Pricoa curro&t; -Buporlor floooo, i cminally Is lOd to Is lid (nono in the market) , ordinary to good, is 7d to Is Dd , inferior, Is 4d to Is Od , greasy (good), lOJd to It , greasy (inferior to ordinary), 8d tolOd , superior leourcd, tis to 2s 2J ; ordinary scoured, 1B 7d. to li 01 , hand« ashed, Is 4d to Is Od. por lb. The following Bhips havo oloareel during tho month, with vvuol on board'-May 29, Great Britain, from Melbourno for Liverpool, 819 holes; May 20, Suffolk, from Melbourno for London, £86 bales, Juno 10, Koli I noor, from Molbourno for London, 66 bales ; Juno 16, Orwoll.from Holbourne for London,879baie? Total,l,810balos Provloussblpmonts, 73,088 bales. Total, Sopt 26,1860, to date, 78,802balos Hides -Our advlcos from England by last mall re port a further declino of Jd to id por lb onAua tiallan;and It isovldont thatourors havo for months psst boen paying much too high prices for country hides, many lots actually costing moro monoy thau they roallzo In London, ourlna, freight, &.0, boing a dead loss During tho month we have sold a parcel of 25,000, curod and In bhipplng condition, at 143 caih. Shipments during tho month havo boon-Suf felk, about 1,000, Koh i noor, about 2,600 ; Orwell, about 1,800 Total, 5,300 James VV ¡ison and Wator 3>imph now loading with looso hides Tallow - During tho month wo hav e sold a low pcrcels for ship- ment at quotations lor colonial uao the demand in coiiBCquonco of tho rapidly increasing consumption of gas, both ¡n tho city and suburbs, doC'Oasos ovorv Benson, and is now loss than wo over havo noticed Our quotations aro- for mutton, £46 to -C10, boof and mixed, £39 to £42 per ton Shipments aro-per Great Britain, lSlcisks, per Koli I noor, 362, per Suffolk, 8, per Orwell, 881 Total, 872 casks " MciBrs Clough and Co 'oronort ¡soo follows -"Wool \- Our last report was por Benares, on the 25th ult, since which wo oro In receipt of homo adv loos up to the 20th April Tho unsettled s'ato of matters, both on tho Contlntnt and In America, is tho uuao o'" ii uch doubt and uncertalnty'as to the result of May siles, nt which Birlos avery largo proportion of oui clip will como foiward Tho reduction of thebank; lates of discount, and tho moro favourable reports ai t ) the prospoots of tlio next harvest havo, however, ii tplred a little confidence na to wool proi-pocts in tho herne niarkoti Thoro lins been nothing doing in tula nririct Tho fall at homo In tho prico of scoured w ce IF, which aro the only kin 1 now coming forwa-1, lias caused buj ora lo reduce thoir ratos to much bo li vv tho cost of production that tho fcllmonijors aro preferring thomsclvos to risk the London salos rather than mako a proicnt positiio loss The Cuito in clearances si nco our last h» vo beon-1 rom May l8 t o Juno 16 170 0361b , valuo, £14 870 Addproiion tliijinoiits from October 10 1800, toMaj l8 1811, 10,621,8S81b , value, £1,580,600 Total, 10,700,0731b , valut, £1,301409 The following ships havo Balloo Bli cc our 'ai-t -Mi} 20, Suffolk, with tOo hales of wed, Mav 20 Groat Hrltaln, 348 bales, June IO Koh i nooi, 15i bales, June 15, Orwoll, 870 bales, add r>ri|monis by other vcshols ilrcidy loportcd, 04,817 lnles Total slnco October 10, lbOO, 05,714 bolos Tallow -During tho month tluro lins been but little bcslncss dono in tills urtlclr Tito slilpmonta liai o I eel -per Koh ' i oor 1» ca^ks , Great Britain, 131, Orwoll 8S8 Total, 601 caslr-i Our eales hive boon about 200 casks of heel and m'xcil, at from £43 to £11 pirton Mutton tallow han boen sold for slilp-"« nt £40 por ton, and for local uso (willoh Is vory United) wo havo r-old at from £50 to £52 por ton Our quotations aro -roi beef, £10 to £42 por ton , i iJ-cd £43 to £45 per ton , inuttin, £18 to £52 pur t n Hidos -The »hipment of hides nineo nur lait ha» lien very small, viz -Por Suffolk, I60ovsks, Or- well 303 Total, 513 casks I hero aro, liotvovor, 2i ,t00 about to ho shipped Aecomit-snloi just to liol d ef provious slilpniint« from this markot show a serious loss to the shippers , ai i", from tho prico i now bu ug p dd hore, wo cannot but think will continuo to do so Our quotations are, for hidos in shipping order, 33« to 14s Od porhldo " LIVE STOCK Messrs "alranhov Campbell and Co report - ' Fat Cattle-Tho market has beon coinplotoly (, uttcd this w»ok with cocoud quality to inferior caitlo , tito lots to hand on the twofitstdayoof the week boil it nlnuut «holh composed of thoio descrip- tions, ina pritoi for such fell consldoivbly Oi Vcdncsdnv tho quallli oflercd was much batter, and f r ¡.ocd to primo lots laif » oek B ratcu were obtained Ile total supply amounted to 1,004 bead, of which l imbor 00 head »ero turned out, 317 hoad woro sold ti countiv Imjor», tho remainder, vi/ 1,648, hslng ti I cn by tho town trajo Tho followhu, avorogos wiro obtained -On Monday-Pearson's bullocks sod by us, Clio« 0d , Ucnntdy's, abo sold by ni, hi llocl s, i.2 17s 8d , cows, £3 l8 , Mooncy's cow*, 4M , Goodman'.) bullocks, £2 ds , cows, £2 Is 21. 'JiiMlay-litithoiford's cows £3 6i , Brown a hillocks £413s Od , cows £2 2i 8d On WodncBilay -Ku g » primo hoavy bullocks, £8 8s , Smith's hillocks £4 Ir Od , Llos d Jones'« bullocks, £3 Os 3d . co np, £2 30s 5il 1 fit Sheep-fhls market has boon IIIFO heavily supplied, 12,450 having boen p9iinel Hi ni;ess throughout tho week was dull, aud VJrj few sales woro effected at lato ratoi A fow j lctod pens of wcthois brough* from 10s te 17f , primo qurdltj do, ordinary woightB, brought ir in Ho Cd to 16s Od , good do, 13s to 149 , Ufcrlor to croom! quality do , from Di fld to 129 , no ewes in tho market Wo sold 1 85J welbon (In iuit)r)at03 Od Oho town trade took 8 740, graziers, 1 ti7, thippois, 151, and 1,718 Wiro turned out I nt Calves -JOS hoad weio siq plied which numbei j roved fully cqunl t) rcqulronioiits Wo sold 21 hoad fuir quality, at 12s all round Lambs-140 were II cuy. lit in, which sold at 10s ' !» crsrs Kiijo aid Butehnrt supply tho following report -'Tal Cattlo- This markot novor was st crowded with low data cat lo, which woro dlr-posod o! nt low cr rjtcs thai havo been submitted to since the 3 lemington virds were erected lho bulk of then vi ero loll lo jra/iors Pi ¡mo cattle still maintain formel quolatlo is, such as woro offered met with i rcr-dy sale, at about 20s pel cw t Wo sold since lasl report 104 cows and bullocks, from Port Tairy, ni £2 10B and £1 15» , 203 bullocks and cows fron UpporMurraj.fä 17s 01 to£0 5s , 104 bullocks am cows, from Lower Muinv, £2 to £3 10s , 01 cow frt m Port Fairy, £817a Od to £0 10s (about 20s poj cwt), total, 605 cows and bullocks, primo bullocks ire m £7 10s to £10109 , medium do , £4 10s to £1 10s , inferior do , £119s to £3 10* , prime cows, £ 15s to £010« , medium do, £8 10s to £4, infouo dr., £2 to £2 7s Od Calves -A full supply W< cold 33, good, fruit 31s to 47s Od lat bhoop - She market was largely supplied, and prices roce I"i for primo wethers fr in» Od to Is poj bond, mediuu sheep almost unsaleable to tho trade Primo wothor rai feed from 1 la lOd to IO*., good do , lös to 14s Wi sold in thoyarisforj B Chin side, Esq ,804 wcthore 36s 6d to 16s , 4tcnlli, 18s Od toidi , A M'Millan E q (outside), ],0¿0 vvothcrs, 14i lOd to 10s , Mi M'Craos, 1,600wothcrs, 12s Cd tolo« fld ,Mr Killing woith's, 1,123 stores, 7s , total, 4,087 Lambs Small supply Wo sold 28 at 10B Storo Etock-W have disposed of 210 old wethers at Ila " Messrs. Ryan and Hammond report-" Tho fit cittl uiarkotnas vcrj largely suppltod.upwardsof 1,000boa having been shown at Satiirdiy'o and Monday's mil bets i< early all of this numbei, w 1th rcaicoly an oxcoj tlon, may bo classed as middling and Inferior dot,cilf Mons, and the prices obtained wen, as might bo c^ pectcd, nniiBually low, in some inatancos below th quotations for storo cattlo The avoragos of tho dil loiont loteare as follows -Goodman'« bullocks £ 8s.cows,£2Is 2d , Rutherford'cows, £3 6s , Brow bullocks, £1189 Od , cows, £318s 3d Smith's bullock £2 8s, cows, £2 87 , Kennedy's bullocks, £217s 81 cows, "3 Is , I'cniuon'u bullocks £189 4d Woduoi dav-Oiu anticipation of tho highoot prico of til f elton boing obtained to day wao not fully loallro 1 lho supply being much in oxcoss of who wc ixpocted-something Uko ODO head havln lien penned O o told Mr Jones's lot, from th Goulburn, middling and inforior quality, 108 bu lccks£2 7s Od, 126oovva_216s 4d Averages of othi loth -Mr Smith's, from Gipps Laud, useful quatit] 111 bullocks, £1 2e., Mr Moouoy's cows, from Mour Njplor, good quality, £4 09 Od, part withdraw firm silo. Mr, King s, from Gipps Lind, primo hoav hulIooliB, 100 hood, from £7 6s to £10 5s , averag AS 10d 3d Number to hand during the wcok, 1,0¿ 1 ind, of which tho town trailo took 1,513 , countr buv 1 rs d47, turned out unsold, 09 1 at Call os -1( ni lived, tho wholo of which woro sold Fat Sheop - 12,460 arrived, of which numbur tho trado took 8,740 roi li'ry buv ors, 1,817 , shipped, l61, turned out ui si Id, 1,718 Wo bold tho rcniniudor, 1,107, of Mo83r Drtuillj o wethers, lis- ßd aud 16s " HORSE MARKET. I r B. Purcoll roports aa follows -*' Buainosi li hi cn very dull since my last roport, owing to li nbKnee of good stool lol draught hoiaca there 1111 n great demand, but unbroken cart colts Ut f in trcdialo uso and waggon work, aro eagerly cougl for, nnd soil »t high prices Light hallion» horaoa r.t gr od hack» aro very scirco, much Inquired for, and «< readily Unbiokou mobs, of a good stamp, and coi ditlon, soil roadllj. At my sale to-dav a auiill 1. of farm howes sold ut from £15 to £2410s Tho fir dreft of unhrokon colti nud Hillas from Ylostcrn Por In e,ood condition, considering tho stason, sold at-f viogfon colts, unbrokon, £21 to £32, light barns colts and flllios, £16 to £10, and the remainder of li lot, adapted for loug^y pony pairs, at from £3 lo J 3 OP lor ordinary town loto thoro Is a good donrui Cart horses sold at from tlfl I0j to £37 , light ho r-< 1.9, £0 to £10, and roui.Ii lucks from £4 upwari Ulii/o ure a fow Inquiries for working bullocks f ploughing, tir-inn In condition aro scarce " M ossrs. How, Kirk, and Co glvo the following 1 pel t -" Busbies» h_i boen rathor dull during tho p« week, arid wo have fow trmsactions of importan to notice There was a good attenilanco of buj ors thojard», hut tho supply of stock was, for the mc port, of ivory inforior Btainp, boing light and weod and could only bo quitted at loir rates fho 1 qi Iry for good stock, contlnuoa unabated, and fi rales canieadily ho ob'iined for «¡moat any numb cilerios, of a good Blimp, and adaptod tor t rrrron Wo oflered a ion first dais cart- horses, b thi very high ro«nivoa pl»ced un thuin rtndtiol lift" ult to cflcot MIOS 4. fair bu'incs», howev. lir s boon done in medium quality, at from £26 to £8 f rod hacks and light linniees her cn aro in ucti din and, at last week's quotilioni, inforior dlfllct I nil Oui tales or unbroken stock this weok coi I ii ed a mob from the station ot Mr James Barto mi light and out of condition, which aicrogo! nbo ¿7 ter bend, and un Inferior lot of thirty boa v 1 ich wore taken at £410s ' Metsrs Kendor ion rnj Oo report -"A vory di n 11! ct, in icusiqu nco ofthn very dcflcio ¡t EUpply s 1 ilceablo Dirck, fir which an activo dom-nd oxlst nil we would ahIfO our countrv friends to for«rt II y ouch In conditioi A vcrj Mr inquirí for c. 1 f-oand bu(,gt p iid, nacki mid li^lit hrrses in c 1 1 nd, at] nail« r^toi Good heavy dranr,lit mai li fairiequoit Our sules, hive comprised the black 9tlthorne, re old, £C0; Inda and light hann > 1 ises, Uü to X40, bucgy p ir £30, draught nun f \e, at an avorago of £66 each, the proportv of 1! T 1 v id IS esblt, for brooding purpose«, to Roger Keira liq ;ateo,lhe bay cait stallion vYbitolorr.nlso tho pi jirtyofMr Nr-sbit, for £205, for export to Wcsto Australia " LABOUR MARKET. Inquiry continues light in town, and but few engai neills havo been uuiue Tho wot cold vt eather 1 le u uifiiou'ablo for tho market for domestic s vants at d as is usual attbhpcrlol of tbovur th- is viry little demand fur any dwcriptlcn of pislura! agricultural labour. Married couplo» bavo beon In tolerably fair request, nnd thoroughly compotont fomnlo servants are still wanted, although In lcsfl requisition than of late. In rates of wages thero Is no chango to report, and whero engagements nro modo the following is about the scale, variations being in tome instances ruado to meet clrcum «toncos l-Marrlod couples, with families, £60 to £65 per annum ; without children, £05 to £70 do.; gardoners, £52 to £00 do.; grooms, 20s. to 26s. per woek ; shepherds, £3S to £40 per year; hut keepers, £20 to £25 do. ; general farm servants, Ifis, to SOs. per woek; ploughmen, 20s. to 25s. do.; bul- lock drivers, on road, 25B. do.; do., on farms and Btatlons, 16B. to 20s. do. ; men OOOKB, for farms and sta- tions, 20s. to 26s. do.; conks, for hotels, from £110s. to £2 10«. do, ; fomalo coolee, from £40 to £62 per year; goneral sorvants, £26 to £30 do, ; nursemaids, £10 to £55 da, ; laundresses, £30 to £813 do. ; housemaids, £26 to £30 do ; parrouimaids, £26 to £80 do. ; car- penter«, Ha. to 12B. a-day ; masons, brlcklayors, black- smiths, 10s. to 18s. do. : piek-nnd-shovol mon, 7o. Od. do. ; carters and storo labourers, 40a. to 45s. a week ; quarrymen, 0s. to l18, por day ; (oncers, 2s. 8d. to 2«. 6d. a rod ; splitting posts and rails, 20s. to 80s. por 100. SEAUEN'3 WAGES. WagcB continuo to rule at tho rato of £1 per month for all voyages. Thoro is a rather improved demand for seamen, but tho number offering: is still quito equal to moot the Inquiry. CARTAGE. The dulnosa of business, coupled with tho wet weather, has cauBod a very light amount of goods to .bo forwardod to tho country districta. Tho supply ol teams in town ia oxcesalvo, and although at presont, from the small amount of loading offering, prices pro nearly nominal, lowor rates are expected. Tbo following aro tho quoted prices :- Bullock-teams-. Albury, £8 ; Avoca, £4 to £4 6s. ; Beechworth, £7 ; Bondlgo, £4 ; Buckland, £0 ; Donlllquln, £7 les.; Dunolly, £4; Echuca, £0; Indigo, £7 101. ; Jim Crow, £4 ; Maryborough, £4 ; Mount Korong, £1 10B. ; M'lvor, £3 10s. ; Wangaratta, £7 ; Yackan ¿buldah, £3 Dorso teams-Albury, £12 ; Avoca, £5 10s.; Bocchworth, £10; Bondlgo, £415a. ; Buckland, £16 10s.; Castlemaine, £8 Sa.; Deniliquin, £10; Dunolly, £5 ; Daisy Hill, £6 10s. ; Echuca, £7 ; Fryer's Crook, £310s. ; Forost Oreok, £8 ; Indigo, £10 ; Inglewood, £5 10a ; Jim Crow, £6 ; Maryborough, £5 ; Mount Korong, £7 15s. ; ii 'Ivor, £6 ; Rushworth, £7 ; Swan Hill, £14 ; Tarrengower, £5 ; Taradale, £8 ; Wangaratta, £0 ; yackandandah, £12. IMPORTS At the Port of Melbourne) during tho month onded 31st May, 1801, compared with tho corresponding period of 1860. Agricultural lui plomen tn Alkali-Soda, tons Apparel and slops Ammunition Fuse Powder Shot, tons ArniH Guus and pistol» Arrowroot, lb. .. ABphnlte, tonn .. Bags and sacks .. Bark, tons Boor Bottled Draught Biscuit, tons Blankots and wool lons Books Boots and fthocs.. Bran, hushols .. Bricks Building, No... Brushwnro Building materials] Butter, tonn Cnbbagc-trco Candles, tons Candlewick Canvas Carpeting.. Carriages, carts, &o.; Cement, t ona Cheese, do. Chicory .. Chiuawnro Cider Coals, tons Cocoa and choco Into, lb. Cocoanut fibre, toilB .. Cólico Coko and fuel, tonsl Confectionery . Copper, tons Copper oro, do. . Copperwaro Cordago, tons . Corks Cottons .. Cotton wasto Cutlery .. . Drapery .. Drugs Druggists' ware . Eartlicnwaro . Eggs Fancy goods Felt Fish Fresh .. Prcsorvcd Snltcd, do. Flax, tons.. Flour, do. Fruit Bottled Dried, tons Green, bushels Furniture and up- holstery Furs Glass Bottles .. Pinto .. Window Glasswaro Glue Gold leaf Crain Barloy, bushols Beans s peas, do. Gram, tona Ma!zo,bushols.. Malt, do. Onts, do. Rice, tons Wheat, busholB Grindery .. Grindstones Guano, tons Gum, do. HabordaBliory .. Hair, tons.. ., Hardware and Ironmongery Hats mid caps Hay, tons.. Hides, No.. Ii ollowaro Honoy, lb.. Hops, do... liudory .. Il.dinruhbor goods] Ii strainonts Musical.. .. Sclentiilo lion, tons Jewellery.. Lend, tons .. leather, cwt, .. Lcnlhorwaro Linen Live stock Horans, No. .. Pigs, do. Poultry.. Sheep, No. Door, do. Machinery Maiblo "latches and vestas! U ts nnd rugs .. « cal Corn, tona Oat, do. Molnl Yellow, tons Millinory .. Molnssca Kells and scrows,] tens Kcptha and cam plilno, gals. .. Kits Kills Cars Oil Kerosene, gals. Colza, do. Linseed, do, Olive, do. ?Undeserlbedjdo.! Oilcloth .. Oilmon's stores .. Onions, tons Opium Paintings and on gravlngs Paints, &o..; Pnporhangings .. Porfumory Photographie gooda .. ., Pipen-Tobacco .. Pitch, tar, &c.; ., Plants and Bccds.. Pinto and plated] waro Plumbors' waro .. Potatoes, tona Preserves.. Printing materials! Provisions Preserved Baited, tons Quicksilver Railway materials BcBln Eaddlory .. Sago, lb. Belt, tons.. Bhlpchandlory .. Silks Skins Blabs .. SuUs, No. I Öosp,tons.. ] 8f colo Specimens ot Na- tural UiBtoiy ,. SpiCCB BpilitB Blandy.. Cordials Gin Perfumed Rum .. "Whiskey Undescribed .. 4,480| 01,28 1,083 18,101 2,340 1,051 25,302 40,247 00,12¡ 4,033] 500 2,¡ 5,057; 20,304 70 20,100] 115] 8,101 SOO1 8,57sl 2,701 8,776 2,740] 728] V 16,810' 1,840 11,204 14,210 144 4,747: 2,1101 10,015 126 2,386] 128,8051 8,4001 002 0.1401 1,302' 5,000 150| oo 5,700 2.0231 16,800 12,114 154 000 1,840 8,480! 000] 51 277I 10,0101 12,1401 21,810 801 < 12,450' 080 160] 3,237 1,105 44,737! 0,200 2e>7 1,555, 11,897 2,050] 4,401 1,644 40,201| 4,0701 2,468, 601 1,465 1,005 20 350 120! 22,482] 8161 6,065 920 1,245 8,020 412 7,465] 2,780' 030 282' 8,0081 226 10.3701 1,460 18,220] 771 2,220] 2,216 810 126 902 1,506 8,690 740| 180] 8,821 2.0201 1.335] 1.402 24,000: 4,800| 40,446 513 0,8131 1,340 4,716 109] 8,450| 751 160 2,870 1,096 65,040] 1,042 27,172] 1,214 i8,896 814 8,483' 1,740 240' 4,864 17.7101 12,031 4SI) 10,751 10,117 08,488| 4,83? 2,473, 70 18,0661 201 10,007 160 260 ! 29 1,070| 110 8,084 2,435 .100 16JÖ17 1800, "236] 060 45.684 0,000] "oto 086 7,1861 84 075 101,702 120 2,082 1,010 4,725' 11,025 4,054] 1,104 36 1,382! 13,0801 10,000 8,977 17,104 1,844 80] 1,1 180] 1,040 15,650 6,027 104 5,880| 900 100 1,745 773 0,427 2,084 8,827 093 1,2001 843: 4,510| 6,136 2,680 756 1,067 1,684 2,180 340 2,890 406 11,101 876] 701 ! 1,6801 1,187 2,006 11 2,000] 0,627! 4,780 18,706 1,000 8,000 1.' 127] 85,00: 22,091 176| 1,777 17? 680' 61ei 7,083 12,050 2,770 336 22,280 40,8431 10,20*1 92,310 44 21,832 1, 40,753] 2,890 ~27 10,045 8,000 004 13.039 O2.S80 82s! 201,190' 21 87' - ' _ Fprrge .. .. Elnrchnndbluo .. Etationcry Bt eel, tons .Stone Building, tons.. Slouewnro Bvpar Tallow, tons Ten Timber Deals, No. Laths, bundles.. Palings, No. .. LogB and piles, do. Posts and rails, do. .. Bnwn, feet Shingles, No. Miscellaneous Tin.. Tinwnro .. Tobacco .. Cigars .. Snuff .. TebncconlBts'wnro TcolB and utensils Toys and turnery Turpentine and vnrniflh, gala. .. Twine and thread, tons .. Vegetables, tons V nogar, gals. Watches andclocke ?Whiting, tons Wickerwaio Wino Woodenwaro Wool, lb... '/me, tons.. î'fccoïl&neouB; 18G0 £ 2! 810 22,480 «y 787 810 43,060 120 31,828 11,401 65 1,202 1,003 26,015 7 2,026 1,960 160 39,850 7,408 3,004 1,620] 878 968 8,003 876 344 80,013 2,902 l,r 416 8,208 1801. £ 070 1,056 4,009 1,080 887 60,070 188 65,026 ïi' seo 1,472 96 4,165 1,176 84,692 8,845 Ü40 8,981 260 406 3,820 GO 10 40,330 100 830 Quantities. 1831. 84,086 2,446 196,900 O.900 !,890,837| 14,000 11,101 80] 18,908 12 21 126 081 254,600 8,000 472,200 51,009 6,005 ~10 10,093 7 EXPORTS. Agricultural im- plements Alkali-Soda, tons Apparol and slops Arms and ammu- nition Airowroot, lb. .. Bags and sacks .. Pork, tons E:cr Bottled, gals. .. Draught, do. .. Blpcult, tona Black sand, do. .. Blankets and wool- len« Pones, tons Books Boots and shoes .. Pron, bushels .. Bricks, No. Biushwnro Building niatcrlalis Butter, tons Cniidlcs, do. Cni.ia» Ciupetliig.. Cnrrisgcs, carls, &c.; .. Cnsks, empty Ctn cut, tons Chccso, rio. Chicoiy .. Chinawnio i reen and choco- late, lb. Cólico (i'ir flhie, tona .. Ccnfcctionory .. Copper, tons Copper oro, do. .. Copi crwnro Cordago, tonB .. CorkB Cottons .. Cutlery .. I »pery .. UlllgB rarthcmvnro Fancy goods Flrh Baited, tons . Picîorvod Flax Fleur, tons Fruit Di ¡ed, tons Oiecn, buehols Fuinlturo Glast waro GI.-EE Jl, tilca .. l'lato .. Window Gold, ounces Ornlii Ï) nit, bushels .. Cots, do. Illco, tons Wheat, bushels Guono, tora Haberdashery .. Dnrdwnro nnd ironmongery Hats nnel capH . 1H.7, tons.. Hieles, Ko. lli'llownro Hops, lb. .. Hoi un nnel hoofs Jil story .. Instruments - Mur-lcal.. 232, 3,071, 2,701 1,670 710 256 1,410 2,002 60 470 170 1,118 152 3,772 850 15,274 738,718 109 140, 18,102 220 1801 £ 1 IS 2,117 1,084 45 1,126 211 850 180 05 1,288 1,' 8,762 340 07 2,183] 1,704 126 31,787 8,090 840 72 24,006 528 88 2,808 1,570 26 C03.292 168 2,627 260 l,02r Quantities. 1860. ~~10 224 1,800] 21 1,000] 2,888 184,900 l,020i 21,730] 4,400 1861. 1,578 "~61 1,448 4,118 2,621 173,209 2SO 12,407 12 1,301 1,700 Scientific ] lion ni dBteel, tons' 0o\ ellciy I ra 1 tons Luther, do I cathu waro Lin o, bnshcla Tin cn Lil e stock Cattle, No Hoir.cn, do Si ccp, do Deign do Mi Oilnciy Hu Ile Maid csni Ivtstnsi Mnnl le. len ,t i Meal-O it, do MUHitn Mi eellnueous M ljtíta Kills and screw te na Nuts Oais Oils gals Oikloih Oilmen s btorcs ûriuin I in ts Piintin&i; mid on gra\iiit,s Papirbaigiiigs Perlurr on liles-lobacoo Pi i ts and sccdo Phto and plated M nro Potatoes tons Freien ca Piintiiic, mateiUls] I roiislotin Preserved called, tona ti-igfc, tons Ejllnny material ] efln Si ddloi-y Pago,lb Salt, tonB Shij chnndlory Sill s Skins Soap, tonB Specie- Gold bpeclinons Natural History Splce.i Spiuts Blandy, gale Cordilla, do Oin, do Hum, do Of wine, do Whiskey, do Undoscrlbed, do Starch and blue Stationery Stoneware Sugar a allow, tons Toa Tents and paulins Timber Tlnwiio Tobrcco Cgnra Snuff Tubacconists' ware1 le ola and utensils 1 }s and turnory TMJ cntiuo anil i ornlEh, gat Tiino and thread ?\ iuegai, p-nls UntchOB i, clocks t ii o gals M ooden varo Uool, lb /nie, tons tar 3,8101 2,082| GO) 270 747 400 198 100 178 2144 HO 300 2,306 12o3 46,876 CD fl2 0,030 80 2 273 804 3 855] 405| 4,031 604 41,003 120' 10501 2 710 3,105 10 2,74 46C 30S 4139 ¿SO1 l,620l 1,0 li 2,16£ 270 401 4"8 160 200 07 11 331 01,862 20 103. 189 6,050 7,820] 12,4361 2 420 1,200 o' 1,434< 141, 8 919 2,261 14,680 20 060 60 10,3701 1,102 21 7«! 03] 1,385 4 SEW 178 23 081 20' 100] 1680 4,118| 17 929 20 11.579 6,290 20 4,909 021 6,501 409 850 7 617 coo 10,161 320,114 I SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. POUT OF MELilOUIlNE AnMVALS AND CliBAIUJ,CE3 Hl^CB OUR LAST SUMMARY. |1, , British, A , American , Au , Austrian , Da , Danish , D , Dutch , T , Trench Oh , Chilian , 1> , Portuguese, U, Homburg1, N, Norwegian 8 , Swedish, Sp, SpintBh , bd , Sardimau, Bol^ , Belgian , Br , Bremen , Pr Prussian , s , ship , b, bnrquo, hr , brig, se soiioonor, st, Btoamoi j May .a.nmwn JO Molboumo, H b, 372, G E Iosson, loo Chov I oo -Heapo Brothers 28 Peru S s , 083, M Wrotms.ii, London -Mtcliao ia and Co 31 Mary Miller, B b, 270, J Barnetsoii, Leith -. Miller und Johnston 31,. Santiago, A s., 6C0, J H Jenkins, Now York - Fisher, Klcards, and Co 31 Princesa Boyal, B $, £92, B Anderson, Loud jn. -Ralelghs and Co 31 Moira, B s, 8C0, J Smart, London -Balelgbs and Co Juno O Kortham, B st, 905, H II Potts, Gallo-J Sparkes 10 IlncIuBhlro, B 3,1,025, E Clmlcton, London - V P White and Co 10\. I>. G. Flc-olDg, B. «.. 1.4C0, J. K. Hatfield, Liver- pool.-Lorimer, Mackie, and Co l8. Anglesey, B. s , 1,018, J. M'Kerlio, London.-W, P. White and Co. 14\. Flower of tho Forest, B. B., L, Whyte, Liverpool. -Bright Brothers and Co. 14\. Bertha,-A s., 610, - Talpy, Ho Ho-Victoria Sugar Compatir. 14\. Herbrrt, A. s, £86, G. Crocker, Boston.-Wilkin- son Brothers and Co. l8. Peking, D. b,, 800, H. Croese, Manilla.-Frost, Kohler, and Co. 22, Hussar, A. c, Boston. 22\. Utopia, B , Liverpool. 22\. Formosa, B. b., 380, J. Lowrie, Calcutta.-Joshua Brothers. - ' > May OT.BARBD our. . * 25\. Christopher Ball, A. s., 640, J. Frocman, Sydney. R. Towns and Co. 87\. Jupiter, Dn. a, 400, J. O. Hojrup, Hong Kong.-« Kong, Meng, and Co. 20\. Great Britain, B. St., 1,734, J. Gray, Ltveipool. Bright Brotbors and Co. 20\. Buffolk,B. 8,070, J. B. Martin, London.-W. P. Whlto and Co. 20\. Pride, B. br., 170, O. Lo Gros, Sydnoy.-Parbury, Lamb, and Co. £0. Bobin Hi od, A. a., 1,042, S. Crowd!, Singapore. Se Pass Brothers and Co. 80\. Catherine, B. B., 008, W. Watson, Guano.-Bright Brothers and Co. 31\. T. W. Soars, A. B , 610, A. Drow, Guam.-Wilkin- son Brothers and Co. June 1\. Overmann, H. b., 200, J. Qottsche, Singapore Captain. _ Adel lela, B. b, 428, J. Hopwood, Bottle Island. Raleighs and Co. 5\. China, Da. br., 103, RH. Peterson, Calcutta.-. Smith, Strachan, and Co. 10\. Koh-i-noor, B. s, 840, T. Guthrie, London. Solomon and Co. 10\. Northam, B. St., 005, H, n. Potts, Sjdnoy.-J. Sparkes. 12\. Great Australia, B. «., 1,001, J. Baker, Callao. Bright Brothers and Co. 14\. Lady Kinnaird, B. b., 860, A. Charles, Calcutta. Captain. 15\. Norman, B, b., 254, P. Orfenr, Guam -Dalgely and Co. 35\. Orwell, B. s., 1,309, H. Quin, London.-W. P Whlto and Co. 16\. Peru, S. s., 038, M. Wrotman, Callao.-Mlcbarli and Co. 30\. Mary Millor, B. b , 272, J. Barnotsou, Valparaiso. -Mlllor and Johnston. 30\. Santiago, A. s, 481, J. W. Jonklns, Baker's Island. -Flshor, BlcardP, and Co. 21\. Melbourno, H. b" 372, G. B, Jcsson, Sjdnoy, H capo Brothors. 2?. Moira, B, s, 868, J. Smart, Callao. PASSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND SINCE THE DEPASTURE OP THE MAY MAIL. JUNE 10. Koh-i-noor, for London.- Saloon : Captain and Mrs. James and sister, Mr. and Mrs. Hogg and child, Mr. and MrB. Bagster and children (2), Mrs. Dunlop, two daughterB and son ; Miss Delaney, Miss Holmes and niece, Mrs. Sliloll, Mrs. Fenton and children (-2), Messrs. Crook, Savory, Poarco, Bensusan, Altkon, and French. JÜNK 16. Orwell, for London.-Cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Binney, Mr. and Mrs. Lynch and daughter, Mr. James Hardie, Mr. Carvor, Mr. Watson, Mr, and Mrs. Walkor and family. _ RAILWAYS. The following is a statoment of tho traffic re- turns of all the railway lines in operation in Victoria for the month of May (with the excep- tion of the Essendon) : Pas- sengers. Total. 8\. d. £ s. el. £ a. d. Govornmont Linos 5040 4 10 4850 l8 4 10802 l8 2 Melbourno and Hob- son's Bay .. 2804 8 31841 8 10 4785 17 1 Melbourne and Sub- urban .. ..2178 18 10 - 2178 18 10 St. Kilda and Brigh- ton .. .. 620 l8 0 4 7 7 625 