TELEGRAPHIC NEWS. BURRANGONO. Sunday, 6 a.m.— The escort leaves with 2483 oza. of gold, and L560 in cash. The state of business is 'unaltered. OOOI.BURN'. Tuesday, 8 p.m. — The southern escorts arrived to-night with the following: amounts of gold .— Burrangong. 2447 O2«. 5 dwts. 3 grs. ; liraidwood, 1343 ozs. 9 dwts. 7 grs. ; Adelong, 1012 or*. 0' dwts. 2S gn. ; Kiandra, 588 ozi. 0 dirts. 0 grs. ; Cooma, 55 ozs.*8 dnts. 4 grs. MEl.BOURNh. Monday Evening. — The weather has been showery, but is now again fine. A meeting of the Executive was held to- day, when ministers resolved to aik, and the Governor decided to grant, them a dissolution of the assembly. This has taken the majority greatly by surprise. Saturday Evening.— The vote of want of confidence in the Government was carried by a majority of 37 to 19. The debute lasted until one o'clock this afternoon. The champion foot race was won.' by Harrison, beating Mount iu three events— the first by a loot, thit second by three yaids, and the thiriTfy*five yards.' Tuesday, 8 p.m.— In tl\e assembly, the chief secretary aimounccil'thar he had received the Goverlioks assent to a dissolution. The cabinet would only proceed with mou sures already iu a stage of advancement. The dissolution would take place at an early day. Mr. Haines gave notice of motion that the new parliament he called together tit the driest possible opportunity, and that the Governor be me morialised to this effect, A damaging debate to ministers followed on Mr. Lodcr's resolutions for an increased vote for immigration. The resolutions were withdrawn. In the Upper House, Mr. a'Ilcc!:ctt has resigned his position as the Government lender. The sales of tea to-day, ex C'alicie, went olf well. Th; assembly met this day. Mr. [leales announced that the Governor had granted a dissolution, — he would therefore ask the house only to pass the appropri ation account, then prorogue, and the dissolution wuilld follow. Wednesday, 8 p.m. — To-morrow is proclaimed a public hjlidny in |'-lnce of. the Queen's birthday. A review of volunteers of all arntewill beheld by. the Governor and General Pratt at noour Iu the assembly, Mr. Unities has moved an address to his Excellency, praying for the earliest possible meeting of tl\c Uew assembly. He declared the determination of the opposition not to pass tha Appropria tion Act without some distinct understanding on this head. Mr. O'Shanatsy supported it iu a powerlul speech. The feeling of the house is vcrv strong. The Governor's con duct is attacked mercilessly in the Argus. Markets more active. Oats and maize firm at auction. Maize, 5s. to .'is. 3d. ; oats, colonial, 4s. 3d, ; Danish *ud Russian, 4e. yt;KKXst;i.n r. Tuesday, 7 p.m. — Arrived.— June 18. — Royal Shepherd, steamer, from Lauuceston ; Rebecca, Martha, Ellen, Natal, Vibilin, Success, Faraway, Sebiin, and Ellen, from New. castle ; Mary Ann, from Sydney. Wednesday, 7 p.m.— Arrived.— June 19. — Pearl, Wil liam Hill, and William Watson, from Newcastle; Harriet .Nathan, l'icard, and Dart, from Hobart Town. AUKI.AI.DE. Tuesday, 0' p.m. — Flour remains nbout L15, with very little movement. Wheat, a slight inquiry at (is. HA. for parcels nt tlie port. The debate on the estimates to-day was postponed till Tuesday next, pending the discussion of a notice of motion given by the treasurer, which comes on for debate to-morruw, »s to the continuance or otherwise of the branch mail serrice to King George's Sound. It is believed that the continuance of the service will be advo cated by a large majority. To-day the barometer is 2!H5, b'owiug d gale from lhe westward, with heavy rains and squalls. Wednesday, l! p.m.— Flour and wheat remain dull of sale, at yesterday's quotations. The survey office was be sieged this morning with applicants for lot) sections in the Wallaroo copper district. The great drawback to mining operations is the .scarcity of experienced miners. A long discussion took place to-day iu parliament on the ocean postal question. The treasurer's molion for the branch steamer to be continued to King George's Sound for twelve mouths, wiu earned by a clear majority of the house, the division being -ayes, \b; in/cs, -j. Weather to-day boiste rolls and rainy. 