POLITICAL. Mr. Sullivan has accepted the Commissioner ship of Customs. The Legislative Council are very likely to throw out the Export Gold Reduction Bill without division. Dr. Headly has given notice of a motion of Want of Confidence for Friday. Mr. Loader has resumed his seat in the Assembly taking his place on the Government Cross Benches and has given notice to move an address for £50,000 for assisted Immigra- tion. Mr. Huston is returned for Crowlands. Great preparations are being made for the Review on the 20th. SYDNEY, Tuesday. At auction to-day the balance of teas ex Jane Shepherd realised full rates. Mauritius sugars showed an advance of £2 on former rates. Flour-Adelaide £18 10s., Chili £17 to £17 10s. An ordination was held at St. Andrew's to-day. An Association has been organised for the prevention and suppression of cattlestealing. The effect produced on the markets by the news has been slight, but on the whole favorable. Reports have just reached us that a ne'"' diggings six miles from Tipperary Gully, Lamb- ing Flat, promises by specimens obtained to be rich. ADELAIDE, 11th June, 1861. Prices of wheat continue to recede, nominal price about 6s. 8d. per bushel. Flour continue from £15 10s. to 16. Copper mining transactions are brisk. The Treasurer brought on the Budget to-day. It showed balance in hand of £60,000, and the Revenue in a flourishing condition. It was pretty well received by the House, O' Passengers per Shepherd Mr. and Mrs. Todd, Mr. and Mrs. Pullen, Mr. and Mrs. Fare, Mr. Gray, Mrs. Fox, Misses Thompson (2 Miss Cameron, Mr. and Mrs. Carthy, Messrs. Robinson, Strachan, Turner, Irvine, Anderson, McCauley, and 10 steerage. Passengers per Havilah. Mr. and Mrs. Archer child and servant, Mr. and Mrs. Peter, Master Peters, Mrs. Potter, Messrs. Fawns, Boon, Bell, Makepeace, A. C. Murray, Solomon, Lylo, Tankard, and 10 steerage. Danish Reason why the Cuckoo Builds no Nest. "When in early spring time the voice of the cuckoo is first heard in the woods, every village girl kisses her hand and asks the question, of Cuckoo, Cuckoo ! when shall I be married ?" and the old folks, borne down With ago and rheumatism, inquire, "Cuckoo ! when shall I be released from this world's cares?" The bird, in answer, continues singing "Cuckoo?" as many times as years will elapse before the object of their desires will come to pass. But as some old people live to an advanced age, and many girls the old maids, the poor bird has so much to do in answering the questions put to her, that the building season goes by; she has no time to make her nest, but lays her eggs in that of the hedge sparrow.-Jfarri/aif's Residence in Jutland, eye. 