EASTERN MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. Tuesday, 30<Ä April. Present-Crs Dyte (in the chair), Scott, Davies, Rowe, and Dodd?. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, after which thc Town Clerk read the following CORRESPONDENCE. Trust and Agency Company, St. Swi- thin's Lane, London, with prospectus of the company. Received. (Cr Dyte here left the Council, and Cr W??rauesk ^ cna*r-) copy of revised i^uíationVíor SSlSuïifo tion of immigrants. Received, and copy of regulations ordered for posting outside the Connell office. Office of Lands and Survey, announcing the approval of a reserve of 40 acres fur a cemetery. Received, and thc Town Clerk directed to make application for portion of the public grant for sucli purposes. (The Chairman here took his seat.) Select committee on Mining Board sys- tem with «eries of questions for the conside- ration of tbe Council. Beferreu to thc Chairman and Town Clerk. Ratepayers (between 30 and 40) request- ing the Chairman of the Council to convene a meeting to consider the propriety of dis- continuing thc Chairman's salary. Re- ceived. Road Engineer's Oflîiîe, calling attention to the necessity of contractors under the Council, :md builders, occupying as little of the Mihi road as possible, and leaving as little refuse as possible hchiud. Also draw- ing attention to the slovenly manner in which repairers ot broken water pipes left the water channels and roadway. Received, and referred for the first part to the Town Inspector, and for the latter to the Town Surveyor. Cr Dodds said the road engineer might as well also bc reminded that his subordinates were not without sin in the matter. Municipal Council, Ballarat West, asking " defiuiteiy*1 whether or not this Council meant to co operate with that Council in the erection of a bridge over the Yarrowee in Mair street. The Town Clerk was instructed to inform the Western Council that this Council in- tended to form Mair street as soon as cir- cumstances would permit. Cr Bradshaw, requesting postponement for one week of the notice of motion stand- ing in his name, on account of Iiis unavoid- able absence. Referred to notice paper. William Bourke drawing attention to the ''miserable position" in which he was placed by "the sludge from the works of the Danish Company, which had already de- stroyed some of his property, and would most likely, as the wet weather came on, oblige bim to leave bis home and his pro- perty to utter destruction. The Town Surveyor reported that the company were engaged about works that would obviate the nuisance complained of, excepting at least that it would be impossible to prevent some of the water running through ; the premises. The Town Surveyor was instructed to see to the proper carrying out of the necessary works. S. G. Thomas asking leave to erect a bridge and verandah in front of his place. Granted with the usual conditions, ¡Cr 'Scott saying more care WM needed in tills respect, as some of the signs, verandahs &c;, (vere not of the proper height. Henry Gabbett, requesting to be placed on thc ratepayers roll. Referred to the Rate Collector. D. Symons, requesting the Council to reduce the assessment on the Charlie Napier premises. The Council resolved that the Town Clerk inform Mr Symons the Council could not comply with the request. "Jarvie," informing the Council that one third of the cabs running on Ballarat bad no license, and reminding the Council very professionally that " what is fare for one is fare for all." The letter was not received, as the writer had not appended bis name. Hon. Secretary, B.C.C., acknowledging receipt of letters relative to the reserve. Received. M AIU STREET. The Town Inspector reported that the nuisance complained of in Mair street could not be got rid of till the road was made, and that till then Mr Wray's " handsome cot- tages" could not be placed in a more advan- tageous light before the world. Report received. EUREKA STREET. The engineers reported that the gas lamps in Eureka street were erected and ready for the laying on of thc gas. Resolved-*. That the gas be laid on forth- with." MOUNT PLEASANT BRIDGE. He also recommended that the wood and iron work of Mount Pleasant Bridge receive a coat of coal tar. Referred to Public Works Com m i tte'. POWDER MAGAZINE. The Public Works Committee reported in favor of a site on Golden Point, south of Grant street, as being both central and easy of access. The report was adopted and ordered for transmission to the District Surveyor. The finance committee recommended pay- ment of the following ACCOUNTS. Crossley & Co.£19 6 6 Labor accouut. 1 13 0 Hammond . 2 0 6 Jackson . 2 10 6 Stationery . 10 0 0 lt. Watson . 16 9 6 Gibbons . 2 0 10 C. B. Hinchman (lamps) . 22 17 0 Benevolent Asylum. 20 0 0 Petty cash . 10 0 O Bent of Chambers . 1 6 3 The report was adopted. BIGHT OF WAV. Cr Rowe presented a memorial from 17 ratepayers in Block I, asking for a right of way to ba opened up at the rear of their premises. Cr Scott said it was not necessary, as a right of way was already in existence there, and a drain was in the way of the right of way they asked for. He could not think what they wanted, unless it was to hurt their neighbors, for there were a lot of buildings on the ground. The Engineer exhibited a plan of the ground, and the matter was made an order ol the day for next week. nOSE CARRIAGE. Cr Rowe moved that the openiug of the tenders for a hose carriage bc postponed for six weeks. Cr Davies seconded the motion. Cr Dodds moved that the tenders bc opened forthwith. Cr Scott seconded the amendment. Tiie Chairman ruled that the motion by Cr Howe was out of order without notice, and tiie lenders were therefore opened Thc four tenders 6ent in ranged from £42 10s to £59 10s, and the lowest, that of W. C. Dunne, was accepted. Cr Davies moved that the order for con- struction, be given in six weeks' time, but withdrew his motion on learning that it would take six or t ight weeks to execute the work. MOTIONS. Cr Bradshaw's motion thal no additional works bc voted at present was postponed, as he was absent. Cr Scott moved-"That the Town Clerk I be requested to furnish this Council with a I return showing the amount of rates collected from the residents on the various streets within the municipality, and also the amount expended by thc- Council on the same since its formation. Cr Davies seconded the motion, which was carried. RED HILL FOOT PATHS. Cr Dodds drew the attention of the Coun- cil to the sinking of the houses and foot- path near the Victoria Hotel, caused, as he supposed, by Chinamen driving underneath thc road there. He moved that the engineer go down the supposed offenders' shaft and examine the works." Cr Scott seconded the motion, which was carried. THE CHAIRMAN'S SALARY. Cr Davies drew the attention of the Coun- cil to a leader in last Saturday's Times in which thc writer stated that thc Council had voted the Chairman £300 a-year with- out the consent of thc ratepayers. That was a matter of some importance and should not be allowed to pass without notice. He i begged to give thc statement a direct con- tradiction, for he was present when, in public meeting, the ratepayers voted a salary of £300 a-ycar to the Chairman. He moved at the time, a salary of £100, and Mr D. O'Connor moved a salary of £200, but tixougbt'theThmg^Ss^ K&AAT-; He | it c^uld hardly be so misrepresented. Cr Dodds said, from all he heard, the general opinion was that thc individual who wrote the article was a stranger to the local history of the place. The salary was settled three years ago. ! The Chairman-As your chairman, gen: tlemen, you will bear mc out I have no doubt, when I remind you tliat I said would not take thc onlce without the salary. Cr Howe said lie always understood the salary was voted to the office, not to thc chairman for the time being. j The matter then dropped. SPECIAL CONSTABLES. Cr Scott reminded thc Chairman that a motion had been carried (or a meeting to he called of tiie local magistracy on the subject. The Chairman said not much time had yet passed, but he would take the necessary steps in thc matter. Cr Scott thought ratepayers willing to serve should bc requested to leave their names with thc town clerk. Thc Council then adjourned, Councillors remaining in conversation npon the road works necessary to be taken in hand as soon as thc Council should be in funds. 