NEWS AND NOTES. The accident at the claim of the Britannia Company, Carngham, has created a great sensation, not only in the immediate neigh- borhood, but in the surrounding districts, and on Ballarat. Yesterday (Sunday) some hundreds of persons visited the spot, many of whom went from Ballarat, and the greatest interest was shown in the progress of the work being carried on to reach the bodies of the unfortunate men. There appears not to be the slightest chance of the men being found alive, as the drive in which they were working has been reached: their picks, with the points unblunted, discovered, but no traces seen of the men themselves. This portion of the drive is still standing quite securely, and it appears that the men, on hearing the ground give way, must have made for the shaft, which closed in, and prevented their ascent. There are now 56 men at work in shifts of four hours each, aud some idea may be formed of the energy with which work has been carried on, from the faict that, since the time of the accident, two shafts have been sunk to a depth of one hundred feet each. The men are now engaged in driving from these new shafts towards the old one, when it is most likely that the bodies will be di covered, but as the ground is extremely loose and contains a very large quantity of old timber, the progress of the operations is necessarily very slow. At four o'clock on Sunday afternoon one of the drives had been carried to within 6 feet of the old shaft, and it was expected that the shaft itself, or rather the place where it once was, would be reached by midnight. It is therefore probable that we may have some news of the discovery of the bodies in the course of to-day. The manager of the company was in Melbourne at the time the accident oc- curred, and he did not hear of it until he returned to Ballarat, when he found that it was the subject of conversation in the boarding-house where he was staying. As far as we can learn, the immediate cause of the caving in of the ground was the late heavy rains, but the primary cause must have been the neglect of proper precautions. We are informed that the Government has granted a free pardon to Mulholland, and that his arrival on Ballarat is daily ex- pected. Information has been given to the police that on Saturday forenoon two men named Parker and Cheal, who reside at the Deep Creek, near Yandoit, were robbed of £22 odd by a half caste man, whom they had in their employment as cook. The offender started for this town after the robbery, and took the night coach on Saturday for Mel- bourne, where, no doubt, he will fall into the hands of the police. The railway bridge over the Yareowee is now receiving the finishing touch. On Saturday the keystone was safely placed in the second of the arches, and in a few days the bridge will be ready to run the embank- ment over it, evidence of which is already to be seen on the ground, as the cutting of the site of the terminus has commenced, and the embankment now will be pushed for- ward from both ends. The second show for the season of the Buninyong Horticultural Society was held on Friday. The attendance was rather meagre. The judges were Messrs Elliott, Sheppard, Biddle, Moss and Marsden, Mr Seaman being called in on an occasion when the judges could not agree. The exhibition consisted of cut roses, dahlias, bouquets, fruit and vegetables. The first prize for roses was awarded to Dr Kenworthy. The second prize for dahlias to Mr Fisken, and the first prize for bouquet of flowers to Mr Sheppard., For the best collection of fruit Mr Seaman took the first prize, and for the best collection of grapes, Mr Kerr took the first prize ; both for white grapes, and for black grapes the same gentleman was also awarded the first prize. Peaches -1st prize, Mr Innes; Dessert Apples-1st prize, Mr Scott; Cooking do-1st prize, Mr Innes; Pears-1st prize, Mr Seaman; Plums -1st prize, Mr Kerr; preserving Melon- 2nd prize, Mr Sheppard; Alpine Straw- berries-1st prize, Mr Kerr; Mulberries - 1st prize, Mrs Scott. In the vegetable de- partment prizes were awarded Mr Sheppard, Judge Rogers, Mr Skinner, Mr Seaman, Mr Kerr, Mr Stewart, Mr Eason, Mr Fisken, Mr Allen, Mr Rainbow, and some others. At the District Police Court, on Saturday, two females were committed for trial for robbing a carpenter of a £5 note and a gold ring. Some of the pugilistic heroes who reside in the Navigator's Village, were mulcted in various penalties at the police court, on Saturday, for assaulting each other with 4 lb weights and weapons of a similar deadly nature. On Saturday last Mr Hamilton, Police Magistrate at Smythesdale, in the absence of district coroner, held an inquiry at Brown's, into the death of a Scotchman named William Stewart, who died suddenly on the day previous. Dr. Saenger made a post mortem examination, when it was found that the cause of death was the rupture of the aorta. Bylaw No. 6 of the Clunes Municipal Council, for regulating the deposit of night soil, manure, offal, or offensive refuse, has been assented to by the Governor in Council. On Saturday afternoon the equestrian performances in front of Bath's Hotel were of a first-class order, and decidedly unsafe to witnesses, as the printings of tbe various steeds were unusually lively. Two persons who had invested some money in two un- broken horses, were leading the animals away, with long ropes attached to their heads, and it would appear that this mode of proceeding was not consonant to their feelings, for they halted all of a sudden, and required the united efforts of two men to each horse to make them move. A touch of the whip was not at all palatable to one of them, and away he dashed, while his keepers pulled at the rope with all their might. The runaway crossed the rope that was attached to the second horse and pulled it ont of the hands of the two men who held it, and away went both horses towards the Gaol at a furious pace, leaving their owners behind viewing their swiftness in mute admiration. Whether the owners have since recovered tbe swift-footed animals or not we are not in a position to state. The Gazette of Friday announces that next and the following week its days of publication will be Thursday (28th March), and Wednesday (3rd April.) It is notified in Friday night's Gazette that Friday, 29th March, Saturday, 30th March, and Monday, 1st April, will be observed as holidays in the Government departments. We learn from the Argus that the first iron-ore, about five tons, from the iron field of John Hall and others, at Sandhurst, is being shipped by Messrs Bright Brothers & Co. to England. The acceptance of the following contracts is notified in the Government Gazette of Fri- day :-Supplying forage in such quantities as may be required during the remainder of 1861 at Miners' Rest Station (oats 5s per bushel; bran, 2s 3d do; hay, £6 per ton; straw, £3 do), Timothy Foley; supplying rations as required during the remainder of 1861 to prisoners confined in the lock-up at Raglan (scale. 1, 1s 9d-2 1s-4, male, 1s 6d-4, female, 1s 3d per ration), Joel Tomp- kins. Geelong to Ballarat-maintenance of 4 miles 59 chains, from Ballarat to Bun- inyong, exclusive of the Plank road, £2745 10s, Dempsey & Fitzgibbon. It is notified in the Government Gazette of Thursday that Mr Loader has resigned the office of Postmaster-General and been ap- pointed Commissioner of Trade and Cus- toms. The re-election of Mr Loader, the new Commissioner of Trade and Customs, for West Melbourne, on Friday morning, says the Argus, was as tame an affair as possi- ble. About 50 people were outside the hustings in the Western Market. And after a warm speech from Mr Phillips, Mr Loader's proposer, in favor of the present Administration, which, however, was re- ceived in solemn silence, the nomination was seconded, and the candidate declared duly elected. Mr Loader then briefly addressed the electors, assuring them that he was as warmly in favor of immigration as ever, and that he wished also to cultivate the growth of cotton, A vote of thanks to the returning officer concluded the proceedings. The following telegraphic despatches are from the Argus:- SYDNEY, Thursday.-The Danish ship Otto, with 1,000 quarter-sacks of flour, has arrived from San Francisco. Her news, to 22nd January, fully confirms all the news from Europe as to the breach between North and South. Californians are for union and compromise. The mail anchored about two o'clock. Everything was prepared for a pub- lic reception of the Governor General, but he refused all, and landed privately. It was at once announced that there would be a public re-landing at noon to-morrow; but the dissatisfaction was very general at this cavalier treatment. Friday Evening.-Sir John Young has assumed the reins of Go- vernment, but he will not receive his com- mission until next mail. He has only been sworn in as Administrator of the Govern- ment Owing to the disappointment of yesterday, the reception and levee were comparatively poor. Private advices from Burrangong show that the miners are deter- mined as ever against the Chinese, and will probably burn them out at night, notwith- standing their isolation in Blackguard Gully. The soldiers have been ander arms, expect- ing a disturbance. The Philharmonic Society have been diligently rehearsing Haydn's magnificent oratorio "The Creation" for performance on Good Friday evening in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute. On Thursday last a full rehearsal took place at Christchurch Schoolroom, and the rendering of the music warrants us in looking for a great treat on Friday evening. Miss Hamilton has been engaged for the occasion, besides other artistes of more or less repute in the musical world. 