;Sales by Auction. FRIDAY, 20th DECEMBER. In the Insolvent Estate of R. Robinson. To Capitalists, Gentlemen Desiring Residences for their pwn occupation, and Others Desiring very Eligible Sites for the Erection of Marine Residences, Publicans, Farmers, &c.; Important Sale of very Valuable Properties, Situate in the Town of Melbourne, And in the following Suburbs, namely : St. Kilda, Brighton, Red Bluff, Hawthorn, Toorak, and Agricultural Land. At Dandenong. To be held at Walstab's Estate Auction Mart, 72 Queen street, By Order of the Official Assignee, A. Laing, Esq. G, WALSTAB has been favored with instruc- tions from A. Laing, Esq., the official as- signee, to sell by auction, at the Estate Auction Mart, 72 Queen street, on Friday, the 20th inst., commencing at twelve o'clock noon precisely, The following important properties : — Melbourne. A first-class and well built brick shop a -dwelling-house, in Elizabeth Btreet, opposite to ( 3?ost Office. A valuable corner allotment, in Bourke stre ^opposite to the Theatre Royal, with the buildir thereon erected. St. Kilda. Three first class superior residences on the Esplanade, St. Kilda, which will be sold sepa- rately. A good and substantial cottage, known as Wim- mera Cottage, in Wimmera place, Esplanade, St, Kilda. East St. Kilda. 4 acres of land in the Alma road, East St. Kilda, situate between the Brighton Railway and the property of T. T. A'Beckett, Esq. Toorak. 2J acres of land on tho Malvern Hill estate. Hawthorn. A neat cottage residence with about thie ?quarters of an acre of hind, Barton street, with: three minutes walk of the Railway Station. Brighton. The Devonshire Hotel, built of brick, on stor -.foundation, with lurge assembly room, and .splendid billiard room, standing on a valuab piece of lund nearly 1 £ acres, having frontages ( 150 ft. to the New road, and 32 ft. to Bay otrco An allotment of land in the New road, havin a frontage of G6 feet securely fenced in, with th 'building thereon erected. The large and commodious residence, with beautiful garden and splendid orchard, extensiv ? stabling and outhouses, together with about 1 ?acres of land, Bitunte opposite to the Church c England, having frontages to the New road am 4he Beach road, commanding a fine view. A piece of land having frontages to the Dend; jxoad and Bell street, which will be sold in twi Jots of about 4 acres each. A piece of land having an extfensive frontage t- ihe New road, containing 9 acres, more or less. On the Beach, Brighton. A superior and well-built family residence Jknown as Milford House, at present in the oecu Ration of tho Rev. Mr Sharp, with, cxtensivf stabling, garden, orchard, and about 1£ acres o: land. In the rear of this property, on tho east side ol ihe railway, a piece of land containing 2£ acres. On the Beach road. That splendid family hotel known as the Royal xor Terminus Hotel. One ot the best built and most ornamental hotels in Victoria. Together with acre3 of land adjoining the Railway Ter aninus. Rod BlufF. A piece of land coni aining nearly 8 acres, being J) art of Portion ?6, situate between Pic Nio Point and tho Red Muff, within twa miles of the Rail way Terminus. Dandenong. 160 acres of finn agricultural land, w.'th a frontage to the main three chain Dandenong jroad. The auctioneer respectively begs to draw public attention to the sale of these important properties and to the few remarks which ho deems it advis able to make. With respect to the houses, he has to stato that every one of them is lot to highly respectable ten suits, producing a safo and certain income, thus affording an opportunity not often occurring to capitalists sr.d to trustees to make advisable in vestments, as they will find upon inspection that all the properties ura of a first-class description, so much so that it would be difficult to select any particular one as being more advisable than another. At tho same time, ho would desire to ?call the particular attention of capitalists and pub licans to that splendid hotel known as the Royal ?or Terminus Hotel, on the Brighton Esplanade. This hotel was crected under the careful su perintendence of Mr Charles Webb, the architect, and no expense was saved to make it substantial, perfect, and one of tho best arranged hotels in the olony. The Devonshire Hotel, also, is worthy of con sideration, as having an old and well-entablialiod connection attached to it, which is a guarantee for the well-doing of the houRe ; in addition to which it hiis the advantage of largo aBsembly xooms, the only ones in Brighton and the dia .tricc, Tho depreciation in value of all kinds of pro ?ties has been considerable within the last two or three years ; but as there is every prospoct of a speedy and continuous flow of immigration from all parts of the world to this colony, it is but fair to assumo that thero will be a gradual rise in the value of properties ; and the auctioneer would remind capitalists that it is far safer to purchase now than when properties are exorbitantly high ; ho therefore respectfully solicits the attendance of idl moneyed men at this sale The public is referred for further information to A. Laing, Esq., the Official Assignee, Eldon ?chambers, Bank place; to Messrs Duerdin, Bronckhorst, and Sinale, Collins Btreet west j to Messrs Parton nnd Hellins, Quaen street ; and to the auctioneer, at his estate auction mirt, 72 Queen street ; where plans of tho properties may ?fee infpected, and card! 10 view obtainable 581 THIS DAY. At Twelve o'Clock. WL. LEES will sell by auction, at his ? stores, 47 King street, on Friday, 13th Inst., at twelve o'clock, 1600 bags Californian oats, Stored at Messrs W. M. Bell and Co., at the risk of a lormer puj chaser. 2000 bags Californian oats, Ex Robert Passenger. Stored at Messrs Sutherland and Co.'s, Flinders street. 200 bags Colonial oats 160 bags Danish oats Fine sample. 250 bags wheat Superior milling sample. 113 bags English barley ?4'' bogs pollard 300 (80 tons) Portarlington flour 270 (27 tons) Batesford flour. Terms at sale. 46 271 WED NESD .lY7T8th DECKMBEr; Ilathdowne stieer, Carlton, within a few doora of the Residence of his Honor Sir Redmond Barry, Knight, &e.; Household Furniture, Pianoforte, Worka of Art, Plate, Glass, &c.; j MR. STUBBS is l'avored with instructions j from — Watton, Esq., to sell by publio I auction, at that gentleman's residence, 20 Rath- ] Jowno streot, Carlton, on Wednesday next, the 18tli inst.. at twelve o'clock precisely, The wholo of the drawing and dining room j furniture, en suite, and a full descrip tion of which will appear in a future newspaper. j Terms — cash. 217 i THURSDAY, 19th DECEMBER. | Emerald Hill, opposite tho Orphan Asylum. House and Lund, Household Furniture, Draught Horso, Drtiy, Harness, Building Materials, 1 13,000 best burnt Bricks, &u.; | MR. STUBBS is instruct d to sell by publio auction, 011 Thursday next, tho 19th inBt., on tho premises, No. 22 Rngliui street, Emjrald Hill, opposite tho Roman Catholic Orphan Asy lum, at twelve o'clock precisely, All those the valuable house and promises, No. 22, containing at present two rooms, but with 13,000 bricks, with stone foundations, for com pleting tho suinc. Together with Tho whole of the household furniture, horse, dray, 'harness, saddle, bridles, and building matetiala of ?every description, the owner being about to cm- : bark for England. 1 Area, 20 foot frontage to Raglan street, by 98 feet depth. 217 'Sales by Auction. MONDAY, 23rd DECEMBER. To Small Farmers, Newly- Arrived Immigrants, iccs and Others, ing Four-Roomed Cottage and Six Acres Garden ine Ground, Situate at Brighton, Being Portion of Dendy's Special Survey. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) has received instructions from Mr William Smith to sell by auction, at his rooms, Collins irn, street, on Monday, 23rd inst., at twelve o'clock, All that valuable block ol land, situate at Brighton, and being portion of Dendy's Special ;, Survey, containing six acres (more or less) of rich agricultural land, well and securely fenced in, sq. and cultivated in a very superior manner, the uc- greater portion having been thoroughly trenched, as- and well stooked with the choicest description of ion fruit trees, vines, &c.;, many in full bearing ; also St., cropped with nearly every sort of vegetable. Together with A four-roomed verandah cottage, with passage through, slat 2d roof, detached kitchen, cart-shed, nd piggeries, stables, fowl-house, &c.; ;he A splendid brick tank, 12ft x Oft, with pump, &c.; et, Title perfect. igs Ternis, liberal, declared at sale. To persons on the look-out for a snug cottage and garden the above offers a splendid oppor he tunity. The garden is in first-i ate working order, 1a- and is lully stocked. The house is well and faith fully built, and the position of the land and n- quality of tlie soil are second to none in Brighton, 5t. aud is within ten minutes' walk of the Sc. Kilda and Briohton Railway. Immediate possession can be had. 26 !t- MONDAY, 23 rd~ DECEMBER. lc* To Speculators, Persons Seeking Investments, and Others. For. Sale. The Following Prop' r ties at Bcnalla. ; By Order of the Mortgagee. ?' YXflLLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) ln TT will sell by auction, at his rooms, Collins street, on Monday, 23rd inst , at twelve o'clock, Lot 1. le Allotment No. 7, ot Section No. 1, containing a 2 roods, on which is erected a dwelling-house, ' with back store, coach-house, kitchen, and bakc 3- house, now let at £40 per annum. Title, Crown grant. Date, 30th August, 1849. E Lot 2. 1 10 Allotment No. 8, Section. No. li containing 2 roods, fenced with palings,' now under cultiva 0 tion as a garden. Title, Crown grant. ' Date, 30th ^ 0 August, 1849. fl ? _ 0 Lot 3. 1 'i Allotment No. 16, Section C, containing . 2 * a roods, on which is erccted a wooden house, let at « 12s per week. Title, Crown grant. Date, 10th 01 Y December, 1850. al D Lot 4. 0 Allotment No.- 16, section C,, on which is ' erected a wooden house, let at 12s per week, Title, conveyance. Date, 29th August, 1859. Lot 5. ei 1 Allotment 12, Scction D, containing 2 roods, ? part let to Dr. Numsden, at £12 per annum, on '2 ' which he has laid- out £800 in improvements ; f other part let for 32s per week. Title, one re- _ serve from the Crown. ® F Lot 6. - Allotment 13, Section D, no-v under cultivation, and fenced with palings. Title, one remove from \- the Crown. Lot 7. Allotment 11, Section D, on which is an unfi- j1 nished hotel, cost £2,000. Title, one remove from tho Crown. Terms, liberal, declared at sale. 24 Monday, 10th December! To Land Speculators and OtherB. Allotments of Land Situate at Maryborough. In the Trust Estate of Thomas Whitford, late ol Maryborough. fTTTILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Terry) 0f T T will sell by auction, at his rooms, CollinB s[, street, on Monday, 16th inst., at twelve o'clock, By order of the trustees in the above estate, All that original Government Allotment 2, of jr, Section 4, situate in the township of Mary- j borough, comprising 10 perches, fronting the High ^ Btreet. Also, ' 16a 2r lp land, parish of Bet Bet, county Tal bot, having a frontage to a road 3 chains wide, by At a depth along a road 1£ chains wide, being Go vernment Allotments 19, 20, 21, and 22, of Sec- ' ticn 2. Title perfect. T- ?' Terms at sale. Y2 . N.B. — Without reserve. 7 ~ NOTICE. WE beg to notify our removal to No. 36 Col- 0-t lins street weBt, adjoining the Criterion - Hotel, where wo shall hold our first sale on Wed nesday, 18th inst. ? GEMMELL, M'CAUL and CO. 257 mp THIS DAY. Sai At Eleven o'Clock, adj To Close Accounts. th« Assortment of 1 , 2, and 3 Light Gasaliers. To Ironmongers. Hardware Dealers, and Others. GEMMELL, M'CAUL nnd CO. have received ] instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, 79 Collins street, next the Bank of Aus tralasia, on Friday, 13tli inst., at eleven o'clock, Assortment of 1, 2, and 3 light gasaliers. No reserve. Terms — cash. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'Clock. Prior to Removal. f Unreserved Clearing Sale. 1 IJ GEMMELL, M'CAUL and CO. will sell by j ^ auction, at their rooms, 79 Collins street, I on next tho Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 13th | inst., at eleven o'clock, | Oilmen's stores Provisions Groceries — Oatmeal Patna rice Turpentine At Phial corks Bottled porter Blue Btone Hops Cutty pipes Herrings f ^ Dried apples Lobsters sell Starch wes Bottled ale Sinclair's hams Cheeso. Also A large assortment of miscellaneous hard ware. To close accounts. No repervn. TO-MORROW. At Twelve o* Clock. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. ? At the Stores of Messrs R. and W. Thomson, 108 Little Bourke Street. Superior Colonial- made Thrashing Machinc. To Agricultural Implement Makers, Farmers, and At 1 Others. G-i EMMELL, M'CAUL and CO. have received T instructions to sell by auction, at the stores of Messrs R. and W. Ihomson, 108 Little Bourko street, on Saturday, 14th inst., at twelve /TJ. o'clock, vT Superior colonial-made thrashing machine, to ' 9-horse. stie To be sold for the benofit of whom it may elev concern. Terms — cash. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Ex Prince Leopold, from London. 28 Cases of English Furniture, from the Celebrated IIoubo of S. W. Silver Bnd Co. BEAUCHAMP and BYRNE will sell by auc- o tion, at their rooms, on an early day, ? Tho above-mentioned furniture, ordered expressly for this market. Full particulars in future advertisements. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. In tho Insolvent Estats of William Baker. ?- Houses and Land at St. Kilda, Elsternwick, and Mulgrave. To By Order of the Official Assignee, John Good man, Eaqui'.'e. ] BEAUCHAMP and BYRNE are favored VJ with instructions to sell by public auction, te s on an early day, due notice of which will be strec given, at their roemB, 38 and 40 Collins street, elevi east, Valuable properties in the above localities, particulars of which will appear in futuro advertisements. Terms libera!, namely, — one- third cash, residue by bills ofaix and twelve months, bearing bank Ai ntereat. Co., Sales by Auction. ? « PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Ex Prince Leopold, from London. Cases of English Furniture, from the Celebri House of S. W. Silver and Co. BEA.U CHAMP and BYRNE will sell by t tion, at their rooms, on an early day, The above-mentioned furniture, ordered presslv for this market. Full particulars in future advertisement. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Ex Humboldt, from Boston. 225 Cases Amcncan Chairs, Shippers to New Zealand, Furniture Trac Country Storekeepers, and Others. BEAUCHAMP and BYRNE will sell by a tion, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins sti east, on an early day, 225 cases American chairs. Ordered for this market. THIS DAY. To Ironmongers, General Dealers, and Othei For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. BEAUCHAMP and BYRNE will sell auction, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Coll street east, on Friday, 13th inst, at ele' o'clock, For the benefit of whom it may concern. 5 lihds. of hollow- ware, consisting of — Saucepans, oval pots, and Teakettles, assorted sizes. Also, 1 case, containing 100 dozen scissi assorted. Terms — cash. THIS DAY. To Ironmongers, Painters, Dealers, and Otheri BEAUCHAMP and BYRNE will sell by an tion, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins str« :ast, on Friday, 13 h inst., at eleven o'clock? 1 case, containing 80 dozen paint brusln whitewash brushes, and such tools. Terms at Bale. MONDAY, 23rd DECEMBER. To Capitalists, Speculators, Builders, and Others. At Twelve o'Clock. 'ositive Sale of Houses and Land at St. Kild Elsternwick, and Mulgrave. In the Insolvent Estate of William Baker, ly Order of the Official Assignee, John Goot mm, Esq. 3EAUCHAMP and BYRNE have receivc instructions from tho official assignee, Joh loodman, Esq., to submit to public corapetitioi a Monday, 23rd December, at their rooms, i ad 40 Collins street east, at twelvo o'clock pn isely, The following valuable properties, namely : — ? Lot 1. Two two-story brick buildings, each containin ght rooms, kitchen, sheds, fowl-house, and l.irg irds, having a frontage to Irwell street of 83fi f a depth of 142ft. Lot 2. Piece of land having a frontage of 102ft t irlisle street, by a depth of 316ft. Lot 3. Piece of land having a frontage of 116ft ti irlisle street, by a depth of 81ft. Lot 4. Piece of land, having a frontage of 100ft t well street, by a depth of 84 feet, distant 1501 om Ackland street. Lot 5. Piece of land having a frontage of 81ft to Ack ud street, by a depth of 110ft. Lot 6. Piece of land having a frontage to Acklant! reet of 84ft, by a depth of 250ft to Irwell street Lot 7. Piece of land having a frontage to Barkly streot 43ft, to Carlisle street 102ft 6in, and to Irwoll reet of 69 ft and 48ft. Lot 8. Land and wooden cottage, having a frontage t- well Btreet of 50ft, by a depth of 84ft. Terms — One-third cash ; residue by bills at six d twelve months'. THIS DAY. , the Rooms of the Auctioneers, Collins Streel West. The Plant and Utensils of the Garibaldi Gold Mining Company, a Speculators, Mining Companies, and Others. 1 REIG and MURRAY have received instruc r tions from the committee appointed by the ireholders of the above company to sell by auc n, at their rooms, on Friday, 13th inBt, at twelve dock, rhe wholo of the real and personal property oi 3 company, consisting of — rhe freehold allotments of land, being allot ints Nos 10 and 20 of section 22 B, town of ndhurst ; together with the company's claim joining, and all their rights appertaining sreto. . Also, ? A forge, lot of planking, ropes, and tools Full particulars to be had at their rooms. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'Clock. At the Ilobson's Bay Railway. Ex Leopold. 160 Casks Soda Crystals, Each 3 Cwt. To Drysalters, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Othfrs. I REIG and MURRAY are instructed to sell r by auction, at the Ilobson's '3ay Railway Friday, 13th inst., at eleven o'olock, Ex Leopold, 160 casks soda crystals, each about 3 cwt. Now landed in splendid condition. Terms at sale. TO-MORROW. At Ten o'Clock Sharp. Messrs W. Baylcs and Co.'s Stores, Collins Street. Tasmanian Butter and Honey. 6 Cases Coey's Hams, Each 2 Cwt. To Provision Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. REIG and MURRAY have received instruc tions from MeBsrs W, Bayles and Co, to by auction, at their stores, 97 CollinB street it, on Saturday, 14tli inst., at ten o'clock, Ex Royal Shepherd, 1 2 tubs prime Tasmanian butter 9 do do honoy . Also, to close accounts, H. R. 6 cases Coey's hams, each 2 cwt, in prime condition. Terms — cash. Observe — Ten o'cloek sharp. At the stores of Messrs W. Bayles and Co. MONDAY, 16th DECEMBER. At Half-past Eleven o'Clock Sharp, the Stores of Messrs Parbury, Lamb, and Co., 140 Latrobe street west. Bass's No. 3 Ale. Byass's Ale. Congou Tea. REIG and MURRAY have received instruc tions from Messrs Parbury, Lamb, and Co., jell by auction, at their stores, 140 Latrobe ot west, on Monday, 16th inst., at half-past en o'clock, 16 lihds Bass's No. 3 ale 80 cases Byass's ale, each 4 dozen 4 chests, ^-chests, 2 boxes congou tea, Ex James Shepherd. All faults. No reserve. Terms — cash, bserve — Half-past eleven o'clock. MONDAY, 16th DECEMBER. 100 Casks Byass's Porter, Each 4 Doz. 50 Do Do Ale, Each 4 Doz. 10 Qr- Casks Pale Sherry. Lt the Stores ot Messrs Parbury, Lamb, and Co. Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. REIG and MURRAY have received instruc tions from Messrs Parbury, Lamb, and Co., ell by auction, at their stores, 140 Latrobe it west, on Monday, 16th inst., at half-past ;i\ o'clock, 100 casks Byass's porter, each 4 doz 59 do do ale, each 4 doz 10 or-casks pale sherry. In splendid condition. Terms at sale, t the stores of Messrs Parbury, Lamb, and on Monday, half- past eleven o'clock. | Sales by Auction. j TUESDAY, 17th DECEMBER. j 700 Boxes Full Weight Candles, Each 25 | ated I Packets. I More or Lofs Damaged, mc- I Ex Emily, from Rotterdam. I To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, ex- I REIG and MURRAY have received instruc I vJT tions from the importers to sell by auction, I at their rooms, on Tuesday, 17th inst., at twelve ? I o'clock, I Ex Emily, from Rotterdam, | PA, 700 boxes (more or less) full weight Le, I candles. \ I Splendid quality. j uc- No reserve. :eet Terms at sale. j TUESDAY, 17th DECEMBER. j I 50 lihds Whitbread's Stout (Prime Quality). ___ I 100 Barrels Ale and Porter. I 20 Cases No. 1 Habana Manilla Cigars. ,B 40 Tierces Prime American Mess Beef. To Wine nnd Spirit Merchants, Tobacconists, i 1 Shippers to New Zealand, and Others. ! i„? riRMG and MURRAY luive received instruc „en I U tions from the importers, to sell by auction, i I at their rooms, on Tuesday, 17th inst., at twelve 1 o'clock, I 50 hhds Whitbread's stout I 25 brls strong ale, each 4 doz I 25 do half-and-half, each 4 do I 50 do porter, each 4 do. 3rs Also' 20 eases No. 1 Habana Manilla cigars I And ? I 40 tierces prime Ainericanmess beef. I All in fine order and condition. ? J Terms at sale. lC' I TUESDAY, 17th DECEMBER ' !et At Twelve o'Clock Sharp. ] I The First Lot to be Offered. ] -8- I 56 Crates Sodawater Bottles, each 26 Dozen. To Sodawater Manufacturers and Others. ] I REIG and MURRAY have received instruc- ] — I UT tions from the importers to sell by auction, I 2 I at their rooms, on Tuesday, 17th inst., at twelve ' 2 I o'clock sharp, 2 I (The first lot to be ofFered.) g I 50 crates soda ?, ater bottles, each 26 doz. 2 a, I Now landed in fine condition. I Terms at sale. 2 TUESDAY, 17th DECEMBER. 2 I Preliminary Announcement. 2 I To Grocers, Storekeepers, Wine and Spirit 2 -n I Merchants, and Others. 2 rli I REIG and MURRAY have received instruc- 2 18 I ' X tions from the importers to sell by auction, j. I at their rooms, on Tuesday, 1 7th inst , at twelve 2 I o'clock, 2 I Groceries 2 Provisions 2 g j Oilmen's stores e I Candles gl c I Wines and spirits ji ' Ale and porter. j &c.;, &c.; a o I Full particulars prior to sale. 0 Government Notices. 0 - — ? ? ? ? 11 Sewerage and Water Department, d I Secretary V Office, Latrohe street, tl 0 Melbourne, 10th December, 1861. o t NOTICE. /CONSUMERS of Water by METER for I Ivy DOMESTIC purposes arc hereby informed \- I that the supply by meter tor such purposes will I - I be discontinued on and after the first of January, 1 1862, and that the property will be rated for such L supply. J! . I By oraer, J 49 27 20 ? R. NASH. m 1 I Department of Railways, I Secretary's Office, Lntrobe street, I Melbourne, 9th December, 1861. 3 VT OTICE. — Tenders are invited for the manu I 1 1 facture and supply of Twelve Water CraneB . I for locomotive water supply, ? I Full particulars at the office of the Engineerin _ I Chief, Batman, a Hill. ' I Tenders endorsed 'Tenders for Water Cranes,' I and addressed to the undersigned, must be sent M into this offico at or before eleven -o'clock a.m. I of Wednesday, the 18th inst.. J. S. JOHNSTON, I 49 25 16 Commissioner of Public Works. ? I Roads and Bridges Office, s I Melbourne, 2nd December, 1861. ? I O EP AR ATE TENDERS will be received until sllO twelve o'clock on Thursday, 19th December I proximo, for Leases of thp undermentioned Toll- „ 'I gates, from the 1st January to 30th June, 1862, , I both inclusive — I On Geelong to Ballaarat Road. or I 225 Fyansford and Batesfood, trgether, in I the Geelong District I 226 Burnt Bridge, or Burlioneyghork, do ? I 227 Meredith, do I 228 Mount Buninyong, do I 229 Mount Clear, in the Ballaarat District, j The above Tolls will be let subject to the several fT-1 I conditions (including special ones) of lease, which J Imay be seen at this office, or at the Road ' ins I Enginter's offices of the respective districts in &c; I which they areaituated. 1st I The Board will not necessarily accept any 1 I tender. ap] Persons tendering for the above, or any of mu | them, must bo in attendance at the opening of the to I tenders, or be represented by an authorised agent pla I in the Board room at the Crown Lands Office, j Oil I otherwise their tenders will be passed over. 1 C. GAVAN DUFFY, hui I President of the Board of Land and Works. qui 41 18 17 =nt ? his I Department of Public Works. sui I Melbourne, 10th December, 1861. his I rTlENDERS for Reconstruction of Embank- to JL ment at Daylesford, at the risk of the cor I former Contractors, Messrs. Bacon and Cupitt, sat: I will be received at thiB office up to twelve o'clock , sev I on Wednesday, 18th December. 1 Full particulars at this office, and at the offico lorn of the Warden, Daylesford. J- S. JOHNSTON, 1 f Commissioner of Public Works. the | 42 256 Bel I ? — ? — ? ? -wei I Roads and Bridges Office. 2 I Melbourne, 12th December, 1861. -wni I rTIENDERS for the following WORKS, will be Kei I JL received until twelve o'clock on the under- 3 I mentioned days respectively : — XjO( I Fiiday, 27th December, inst., 4 I 1,41. Erection of a Bridge over the Bet Bet ? Sar I Creek, 011 tho Maldon to Dunolly road, Castle- 5 I maine district. Mai 242\. Works on the Melbourne to Ballaarat 6 I road, Contract No. 5, Ballaarat district. I Arg I Full particulars at this Office, or at the Road 7 Engineer's Offices of the respective districts. I tim The Board will not necessarily aacept the low- 8, est or any tender. six C. GAVAN DUFFY, 9, President of the Board of L'ind and Works. . a w ? ? 47 27 24 Rue Sewerage and Water Department, : 8^x Secretary's Office, Latrobe street west, ' . Melbourne, 27th November, 1861. 1 tion fT\ENDERS will be received until 11 o'clock, 1 JL a.m., on Wednesday, ihe 18th December, a w 1861, for leasing for a period ot Jtwelve months from tho 1st of January, 1862, the tolls or rates of two^ tho undermentioned Water Stand Pipes : — ' ^ 1\. Fitzroy, corner of Smith and Kerr streets E&l;' 2\. Hotham, corner of Dryburgh and way Queonsberry stieets , weL'' 3\. Carlton, corner of Lygon and Elgin j streets j 4\. EaBt Collingwood, corner of Victoria and ' Hoddle streets j M 6\. Richmond, corner of Bridge road and ? Lennox street j 6\. Ditto, in Church street 7\. St Kilda, opposite the Grosyenor Arms, fTU Brighton joad _|_ 8\. Ditto, Inkermun road men 9\. Sandridge Ui 10\. Emerald Hill 22 11\. Flemington the ] 12\. Brunswick Diat 13\. Pentridge 22 14\. Northcote Vera 16\. Preston. f)isti Specification and full'particiilars at this office. ! Ft Tenders to bo addressed to the Hon. the Vice- Engi President of tho Board of Land and Works, and Tb marked ' Tender for Lease of Water StandPipes.' or ar J. S. JOHNSTON, Vice-President of Board of Land and Works. I 61 20 18 Government Notices. Roads and Bridges Office, Melbourne, 29th November, 1861 SEPARATE TENDERS will be recei until twelve o'clock on Thursday, 1 December proximo, fox Lease of the'underm tioned Tollgates and Punts, from 1st Januarj 30th June, 1862, both inclusive : — GISBORNE DISTRICT, 168 Flemington, with check gates at Macaula road, Mt. Alexander roa 169 Keilor, do 170 Keilor Plains, do 171 Aitken's Gap, do 172 Gisborne, do 173 Black Forest, do 174 AVoodend, * do 175 Carlshrue (with check gate), do 176 Boggy Creek (do), do 177 Pascoevale 178 Deep Creek C ASTLEM AINE DISTRICT. 179Taradale, Mt. Alexander roi 180 Golden Point, do 181 Harcourt, do 182 Mandurang, Costlemnine to Sandhurst roi 183 Campbell's Creek, Castlemaine to Ballaa: road. KILMORE DISTRICT. 184 CampbeUfield, Sydney rot 185 Kinlochewe do 186 WallanWallan do 187 Kilmore do 188 Willowmavin, do 189 Seymour Punt, do 190 Broadford, do 191-Avenel do 192 Morunding .. do WAN GAR ATT A DISTRICT. 193 Benalla, , on the Sydney roa 194 Wangaratta do GEELONG DISTRICT. !95 Inverleigh 196 Shelford MELBOURNE DISTRICT. :97 Northcote .98 Jane field S01 Mulgrave ' 102 Dandenong 03 Johnston street Bridge 04 Richmond Punt 06 Hawthorn Bridge. BACCHUS MARSH DISTRICT. 07 Djerriwarrh Creek 08 Ballan. WESTERN DISTRICT. 09 Woolsthorpe 10 Tho Gap 11 Dobie's Bridge (with check gate) 12 The Junction. GIPPS LAND DISTRICT. 13 Latrobe River Bridge 14 M'Lennan's Straits Punt 15 Mitchell's River Punt 16 Tarraville. The above tolls will be lot subject to th everal conditions of lease, which may be seen s his oflice or at the Road Engineer's offices of th istricts in which they are respectively situated nd of those in the Western District, at the offic f the Resident Warden, Ararat. The Board will not necessarily accept any ten Persons tendering for the above, or any of thei lust be in attendance at the opening of the ten ers, or be represented by an authorised agent, i lie Board-room, at the Crown Lands Offic therwise their tenders will be passed over, , C. GAVAN DUFFY, President of the Board oi Land and Works. 42 18 17 Roads and Bridges Office, Melbourne, 10th December, 1861. rENDERS for the following WORKS will b received until twelve o'clock on the undei lentioned days, respectively : — Friday, 27th December, 1861. 233\. Works between Castlemaine and Guild ford, on the Ballaarat road, C istlemain district 234\. Improvements on the Mount Macedo: road, Gisborne district 235\. Works on the Upper Western road 236\. Do on Geelong to Buninyong road 237\. Do on road to Buninyong Railway sta tion, cont. No. 2 238\. Fencing on road between Smythe3dal and Lexton 239\. Maintenance Geelong to Steiglitsc am Ballan road, cont. No. 3, all in the Gee long district 240\. Erection of bridge and other works a Newat.ead, on the Castlemaine t( Maryborough road, Castlemaine dis ttict. Full particulars at this office, or at the Roac igineer's offices of the respective districts, l'he Board will not necessarily accept the lowesl any tender. C. GAVAN DUFFY, President of the Board of Land and Works. ? 47 27 24 CONVEYANCE OF MAILS, 1862. LENDERS are hereby invited, and will be re ceived until noon of Thursday, the 19 th tant, for the conveyance of Post Office Mails ., as undermentioned, for ono year, from the , January to the 31st December, 1862. ?otms of tender may be had gratuitously upon plication at any post office in the colony, and ist be forwarded (it by post, prepaid) addressed the Honorable the Postmaster- General, or oed in the tender box at the General Post ice. L'enderers for the service, No. 2 (bctwf en Sand rst and Swan Hill), or their agents, will be re ired to be present when the tenders are opened, 1 the person whose tender may be accepted (or agent) will be required forthwith to deposit a n equal to twenty per cent of ihe amount of tender, the said sum to be absolutely forfeited the Government in the event of the required itrset and bond not being completed to the isfdction of the Postmaster-General within en days after notice of acceptance. ,'he Government will not necessarily accept the rest or any tender. SHHV10ES REQUIRED. . To and from Bel voir and Walwa, by way of Murray River, once a week ; or to and from voir and Towong (Gravel Plains), once a :k. . To and from Sandhurst and Swan Hill, by f of the Serpentine Creek, Durham Ox, and ?ang, once or twice a week. . To and from the Big Hill post office and ikwood, six times a week. . For the clearance of the receiving boxes at idhurst, six times a week. . For the clearance of the receiving box at rinei's Reef, Maryborough, six times a week. . For the clearance of the receiving box at ;yle Gully, Heathcote, six times a week. . To and from Guildford and Kangaroo, six es a week. . To and from Maldon and the Welshman's, times a week. , To and from Avoca and Navarre, six times eek, by way of Mountain Creek and Navarre ih, with branch to Hind's, by way of Redbank, limes a week. ). To and from the post office and railway stn , Riddell's Creek, twice a day. 1\. From Ballaarat to Ballaarat East, six times eek. !. To and from Glenorchy and Avon Plains, days a week. I. To and from the Snapper point post office, the landing place, whenever required. I. To and from Dunolly and St. Arnaud, by ? of Cochrane's and Peters', three days a k' JOHN O'SHANASSY, | Postmaster-General, j General Post Office, el bourne, 4th December, 1861 . 45 24 18 I ? | Roads and Bridges Office, Melbourne, 2nd December, 1861. I 2NDERS for the following Woiks will be re- j ceived until twel7e o'clock on the under tioned days, respectively : — j ntil Friday, the 20th December. ] 3\. For construction of a Stone Bridge, &c.;, at Five Mile Creek, Woodend, in the Gisborne ? rict. 1\. For erection of an additional Room and mdah to Toll-house at Campbellfield, Kilmore ' rict. | ill particulars at this office, or at the Road j neers' offices of the respective districts. ? le Board will not necessarily accept the lowest ly tender. - I C. GAVAN DUFFY, I 'resident of the Board of Land and Works. ! 45 18 17 Government Notices. I National Education Office, [. ! Melbourne, 1 2th December, 1861. ved rpHE DISTRIBUTION of PRIZES to the 9th X Children attending the National Model en- Schools, will take place at the School Building, 'to on Thursday, the 19th December, at twelve o'clock, when his Excellency the Governor will be present. ,y's _ The attendance of persons interested in Educa d. tion is invited. j By order of the Commissioners. : 2 267 ? BENJAMIN F. KANE. Roads and Bridges Office. Melbourne, 3rd December, 1861. rjlENDERS for tho following works, will be re X ceived until twelve o'clock on the under mentioned days, respectively — Until Friday, 20th December, 1861. 230 For Works on Sydney road, north of Jcj_ Longwood, Kilmore District. 231 For Works on same road near Seymour, same District. 1(j- 232 For Works on same road between raj Albury and Wooragte, Wangaratta District. Full particulars at this office, or at the Road id. 1 Engineers' Offices of the respective districts. I The Board will not necessarily accept the lowest or any tender. C. GAVAN DUFFY, President of the Board of Land and W orks. ? 44 21 17 Department of Ports and Harbors, Williamstown, 10th Dec., 1861. TO SHIPWRIGHTS AND SIIIP ld CHANDLERS. ' WANTED A FEW OLD LOWER-MASTS. 1 LENDERS to be sent in to tho Hmbor Office, Williamstown, by noon on Tuesday, the 17tli instant, where full particulars can be ob tained. (Signed) CHARLES FER.GUSON, 48 217 , Chief Harbor Master. Roads and Bridges Office, Melbourne, 30th November, 1861. TENDERS for the following' Works will be received until twelve o'clock on tho under mentioned days, respectively Friday, 20tli December. 217 Works on the Raglan road, near Beaufort, Western District 218 Works on the Ballaarat- to Geelong road, contract No. 13, Ballaarat Dis trict 219 Works between Sandhurst and the Murray, Castlemaine District 220 Erection of bridge over tho Ovens Delta Creek, near Oxley, Wangaratta District Friday, 27th December, e 221 Works between Snakes Ridge and it liosedale, on the Melbourne road, e Gipps Land District ; 222'Works on tho Melbourne road, near ie Thompson's River Bridge, same dis trict. Full particulars at this office, or at the Road m Engineei's offices, of tho respective districts, and of No. 219, at the District Surveyor's office, n Sandhurst. ' e, The Board will not necessarily accept the low est or any tender. C. GAVAN DUFFY, President of the Board of Land and Works. 44 la 17 Department of Public Works, Melbourne, 9th December, 1861. 16 rilENDERS for the following Works will be X received up to twelve o'clock on the dates hereinafter mentioned: — . Repairs Telegraph Lines, Mel e bourne, Williamstown, Queenscliff, &c; ? I8ch December. n Re- construction of Embank ment at Daylesford (for Re servoir) ? ,, ,, Time Signal at Geelong ? ,, ,, . Kilmore Reservoir ? 14th „ Survey Offi' ?e at Hamilton. .. . 24th „ e Post Office and Telegraph Station, Sandridge ? ? 18th ,, j Locks at Yarra Bend ? ? 19th ,, . Repairs and A'dditions Survey Office, Heathcote ? ? ? 24th ,, t Full particulars at this office, j J. S: JOHNSTON, _39 26 16 Commissioner of Public Works. Secretary's Office, . 1 Victorian Railways, 6th December, 1861. rilENDERS will be received until noon on ' Friday, tho 20th instant, from persons will ing to supply Coal at Melbourne and Geelong, in such quantities as may bo required by the Govern ? ment Storekeeper, for Government Railways, from the 1st January to the 31st December, 1862. The quantity required at Melbourne will be not less than twenty tonB, and at Geelong nine tons, daily, on the average of the year. Full particulars may be obtained from the Go vernment Storekeeper, Melbourne, to whom tenders are to be addressed. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. 47 20 17 J. S. JOHNSTON. Mining Department, Melbourne, 22nd November, 1861. TENDERS for Re-construction of Embankment at Daylesford at the risk of the former Con tractors — Messrs Bacon and CupiK Tenders will be received at the Office of the Mining Department, Queen street, Melbourne, until 12 o'clock on Monday, the 16th December, for the Re-construction of Embankment at Dayles ford, at the risk of the former Contractors — Messrs Bacon and Cupit. Full particulars at the Office of the Mining Department, and at the Warden's Office, Dayles ford. Tenders to be sealed, and marked ' Tenders for Re- construction of Embankment at Daylesford,' and addressed to tho Honorable the Commissioner of Public Works. The lowest or any Tender will not necessarily be accepted. J. S. JOHNSTON, Commissioner of Public Works. ? 45 12 t f do 14 Department of Lands and 3urvcy, Melbourne December 7 1861. Sales of special lands in fee simple SALE OF SPECIAL LANDS AT INGLE: WOOD, On 16th December, 1861, at the Court House, Ingle wood, at 11 a.m. Inoi.ewood. 52 allotments in Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, and 12, con taining from 5 to 28 perches. Upset price, for improved lots £50, and for unimproved lots £26 per acre. SALE OF SPECIAL LANDS AT INGLE WOOD, On 17tli December, 1S61, at the Court House, Inglewood, at 11 a.m. Inglewood. . 30 allotments in Section 13, containing from 3 to 15 perches. Upset price, for improved lots £50, j and for unimproved lots £25 per acre. I Mysia. Situate at the home station of Fernyherst, on the Kingapanial Creek, west of tho River Loddon, and about 24 miles north of Inglewood Portions 29 A, and 29 B, each containing 154 acres. Upset price, £1 per acre. Plans and information at the Police Office, In glewood, nnd District Survey Office, Dunolly. SALE OF SPECIAL LANDS AT CASTLE DONNINGTON, SWAN HILL, On 20th December, 1861, at the Court House, Castle Donnington, at 11 a.m. Castle Donninqton. 29 allotments in Sections 3, 7, 9, 10, 11, and 12, containing from. 2 roods to 9 acres. Upset price, for town lots, £8, and for suburban lots £2 10s per acre. Plans and information at the Police Office, Castle Donnington, and District Survey Office,. Dunolly; SALE OF SPECIAL LANDS AT MEL BOURNE. On 23rd December, 1831, at the Crown Lands Office, Latrobe street west, Melbourne, at 11 a.m.. BROKAXA. Allotments 9 and 10 Section 2 and 3 and 4,. Scction 6, containing 2 roods each. Upset price,. £8 per acre. 