. CHEAP RAILWAYS. Some year* since a cheap i tem for theeonstrwtioa rf RaSwania VUbk, a Mr. SamudMwmanlBa I to Melboorae. T1>e(iUsdid public attention at toe time, owing to tbe Government having annmintfr tbar intention of cotutnictiEg tbemaiuline*«r Railway to At exclusion of private oompanks. Government have ao far constrneted thiliaes, but atacostwhiA forbids ftutbar Badwtakings of the kind at their hand*. A -'change htt Come o're the spirit of the dream" aod any plans for the construction of cheap and durable liaa ia out-lying district* of tbe colony isdwerrisigof most earnest attention instead of the tomtit systems now in vogue, Mr. Mowmaa proposed the fonnadon of wooden Taaway*ast»te«a^e to Uw wqnireBttnt* of tbe colony. Be aleo advocated the coostrnctioos of «be locomotirts and carnage* withaut the nsosl Hanged wheel*, but with wheels to ran loose, instead of bong fixed to tbe axle* as at present and with the addition of guide wheels, by wbWi oontriraow it was stated tbe wheels would be more salted for running on wooden rails, taming *b*rp cunrsa, and ateakding inolinea. The aeoeaBty of having a line made perfectly sbaigfct wotdd thus be obviated and tbe expeuc of deep cuttings and embankment* saved. It was estimated that the cost of superstructure would be reduced neatly one half; and tbe ww and tear of macbinwy, one-fourth ty&e; adoption of this system. The inreaUon bai been made by a Mr. Prosser. of London, and it*p»owas on an experimental line mad* at Vanxlall. lite line wa* made Of SeoUh fir, ^^Ombernot neariyao bard a* tbe iroo<b*ik. tonat ft paased over the mil* duringST «wmths it ran, eight tbonand timaa, in every wnety of weather, and upon examination, after the aerere exhibited no appearahoe of mar or tear from the Wctbn of ths^d*. ^he^jft* t«a was slso suocestfhlly emerimeoted npoo In 1811, on a Wn«almflc«fong^dowpnWimbUdonCommoo,ne*rL<mdo^wb^I«aCTWBSOh"i* trains composod of heavy eagtae*.*ti& wrligo* nn at an average speed of twwtf'Bve mile* per hour overcurvesaadgradkntiimpractloahleoftor* dinaiv iron raUwaya,Ih* inventor itsras toother Mated, had ohlaiiud oontraet* for thefbn^on of two Una of railway W'fe^ahMwttboae interested in the iron ,Irate. «am forwaid and paid him altogethw tiw torn of &tfl00; to forego to lobsrott in » Jtw'ffflf woe subrtluitod, hence the reasoh why ,m mtem ha* ^ot been generally adopted. This, however, forms no reason why, if ptaotleah^tba imptovemtoU ahould not be aeted upon, is asolony free from obttraaive iron maitent and our attention huiieendrwrato ths «h}«et the vjew of ieaUu its AMniv^flmetle*! the fibertimber of the ooJo<ur*Mdd be ^brought into i^aWao»4n Ihe vmmton jof a wooSm "llw to Cape OtMffTneipft we oT timber lublart or iron and the immfflttfU* « r ^ lighter caHiageebya&MOai; mechatdeawoiildrea* der us nearly independent of imported plant for rolling *totk. We stated in a late article that by the American system of construction, the co«t of* liuc from Gcelong to Cape Otway would not cost more than XI500 per mile, exclusive of land. By t he adoption, of tnU mti the cost would be «t\U further roduopd, and judgingfhms the amount lyingidletattatanka, wet&ilctaptal; ftrthe purpose could be obtained, It etfy Madras us to be more alive to our own interests jn order to effect the purpose. It is high time we awoke oat of the lethargic alecp we have wo lung indulged in, and were up and doing. One great progressive work has been aeconiplisbcU fit tbc removal of the bar. Let n aw to grumble at the badnow of the time*, and rather preu onwatd to greater achievements in the use ol means for retaining our present population, and preparing the wayby the Ooostniotion of reproductive wo?fi for tbc employment of tbc ridng racc and those who in ftiture amy be inclined to come to our shores .—Adcerditer. The anal weekly meeting of the Town Counch did not take place last evening. Avoca Racm.—The Avoca Turf Club Races are to take plioe to-day and to-marrow. A good meet is expected. Foust'sCiacD*.—Last eve.iln* Foley's cireui was erected at;the war of the Golden Age Hotel, and a very fair atid»enoo assembled towitness the performance, whiA consisted of the usual round ofg.H^ftata.aad In addition tbe dancing of Madame Touroaire, and the performsiireTof trained dogs. MAaraoaoMH Hoswtau—A apeoial meeting of the Committee of this InstitatkwWb^eoifveued forMonday evening, but, owing to the abaen«of the 8«t^«tBstla»W, nothing could be done, and tbe meeting therefore lapsed. F&uaW; DafABToaino Licb»«b».—It ia notified in the that the Allowing pewons are authorised to imae Farmers' Depasturing Licea** for their respective districts:—Crown Lands Commisaonen J. E. A, Bull and F. C. I>oveton, Castletnsitie; W. Templeton, EM Wimmera; C. EWilmot, Inglewood; C. Ftatherstouhaugb, West Wimmera; W. S. Urquhart, Cwtlemaiae and Taradale; P. Chauncy, Dunolly. " Ammm*QuabitMrnmc Cootajst.—T prooeedmgsat the Ejecting of shareholders, on 17th April,have notbeen made public, —Sto* and Short Joarwd, April 20. Tbb Smw MA.*B.rr.—There ins bm an excellent business in the Share Market during the past week. Quotations are dose, and transactions have been of large amount. Progressive Mines arc generally at rata very far nnder par. Amherst are 15s. sellers. Maiyboro' are even duller •inee the meeting. Sellers at 2s 6d. Kales effected at 8s. 6d. and 2«. 9d. Mount Korong are at 4s. sellers, 2s. buyers. Sales ot Sandv Creek at 15s. are returned to us The price asked is 12s. Cd_, no buyers. 8t Amaud have found buyers at £23. The price demanded is tm. Closing prices : Amherst, 15s.; Maryborough, 2s. to 2s.6<L| Mount Korang,2». to 4> ; Sandy Creek 7s. 6d. to 12s. 6d. St. Araand, to £t5~ S«ock amd Start Jomnud, April 20. Qrauurt Dav Amalg*mato»—Mr. Quayle, one of the patentees of Qui H ism's d ry amalgamator informs us that they tried S61b. of tailings, after they went through Manuel's amalgamator, and obtained one grain and a half ofgold,or at the rate of 2J dwt. per ton. Mr. Qgttfe state; that by Manuel's process the miners obtained only 5 dwt. from 68 tons. From 401b. of tailings taken from the Frenchman's Eoef, Creswick, submitted to Quilliam's proceas, and afterwards assayed at Ballarat, thiw-qaarters of a pennyweight were giH.—Oh^al ^wbfffaif, to" at Avoca —Dr. LaHmu, the district coroner, held at inqoest, yesterday, at Avoca, on the body of a man (name unknown) who was found drowned, in the Avoca Creek, about eight miles from Avoca. Jas. M'Gladden, a police constable, deposed that on the previous d»v, from inlormatian received from two diggers srho *ere psssing the camp, be went to a spct, about eight miles from Avoca, and saw the body of deceased floating in the water, on the west side of the creek. Neit morning, in company of constable Cameron, be crossed the creek, aod they took the body out of the water. There was nothing on the body bnt the trowsers and boota, nor was tbere anything in the nocketa. Could not aee any marks of violence on the body. The body was much decomposed, but he thought it had not been in the water more than six or eight days. There was no blood on the trousers. Deceased appeared to be a man of mbont « years of age, about « ft. 7 in. high, bald and withont whWtera or moustache. The trousers were moieakin, and nearly new, and the boots j were bluchers, also ftearlynew. Looked op and downtte cnsekvbuteonld not find any traces of clothes. Utfca^obteif any person was missing, bnt could gain no infomatkiD from the hotel fllamhling's) or the wamt station (Gardiner's) CoaitaUe Cameron confirmed the evidttMe of the fint witnew. w. S. Monia, • duly qualified medical piwUtioner, who bad made a pott nMfftera fxaminatinn of the body, deposed that the man had evidently been dead ten or twelve days. There were no external marks of violence. Believed death to h»ve been caused by drowning. Deceased was « atrong robust man about 45 year* <4 age. Verdict, * Found drosrocd.'' KjLta> i« A D«jv«.—A Chinaman, named Eh Tong, was on Saturday last killed in a drive at Burnt Creek. On Monday, Dr. Kidman, the district coroner, held «n inquect on the body, when It appeared from the evidence of Appoo, the mate of the deceased, that a andden fldl of earth took place in the drive, completely covering the deoea»ea,»nd tome fallingupon Appoo, who was about five feet behind him, and nearer to the ahaft Appoo, fiodiog his mate buried, called out for usMne, when a Chinaman named Ah Lunn, came and helped him to dig oat the deoesaed. It took them about twenty minutea to free the deceased from the earth, and when they got him oat be was quite dead. had be«a propped, hut the weight of the earth had broken the props. Wo, Cooper, a legally qualified mcdical prmrtitioner, deposed to death having been caused by aspbyjd*; there were no bone* broken. The jury returned aTerdict in aeeordancc with the eridenoe. Ths tin Aa»AVLr Caib.—Mr. Davies, the proprietor of the HobaH Tow* Mereury, has been aentenoed to one month's imprisonment, aod ft fine of £100 for the aralt on Mr, 8 F. ifilL Dha*b or a Uoapcu*.— George William Hamilton, lately superintendent of police, and who a fewday* ago pleaded Guilty" of the mutder oi bis wifij, died in prison M on the 17th inat, *ppamiUy frma «ponl«^, brought on by mental excitement. An inquest was to be held on the body on the 16th imt. It was reported that lie had poisoned himself with opium, to the use of which he was addicted. Btixmr CitcniTCocbt.—There was only one civil gase fortrial at the Circuit Court, Danicly Henderson and another v. Colonial Bank. This was an action fbr dimsges sustained by the proprietors of the Baliaral Timet, through the dishonouring by the bank of a cheque for £3 4*. TfacjaryJuind forthe plaintiffi, damages ^900. Star, A^tril 90. William Uenij Litchfield, late secretary to the Pilot Bond Of Victoria, wu yesterday convicted «t the Criminal Sesdom of embe^cling a large sum tf raoneybelonging to the Board, lie was remanded for sentence, so that he might hare an opportunity of producing evidence as to his previous character,—jjfyw, April 88. In ft«aie the other day at the Circuit Court at Sandhurrt, where anlmbtoM was chained with cutting and wounding a Chinaman, after smashing his cradle, the defense wu that the Chinaman after breaking his cradle tor bo apparent reaso took tip*bottle, deliberstely broke It, and then itruckbim»)fon tLe (oreiiead with the bottom part of It. Unfortunately witooaw*, of whom there «ere several of one fkraily, dldtwt agree roar exactly as to the minor particulars altmugfa all eonenmd in tbe statement that the Chinaman was the agsrasor lo the quarrel, and after tiiej had a(i rim away, fromhim Miaet to work to in flint injuries r on himself. The (triibWteaa fouhd fitulty of a common assault. A Hm»» skull and portions of & man's coot whs found the other day In a hollow tree near Kyiicton Tub followingewe, mentioned in the )h>r«M rather curiously illustrates " what may happen to ajii»n in Victoria," nnd how easy it ii to come withtn the " large roceiiA" of the Vagrant Act — An attorney, named John V Sheppard, who had w« admitted in England, was yesterday brought Wore the City Court as a rogue and a vagaVrnd. Htsolfenec coosittea In his havlnjjr ttskcdalms of the Rev. I. Ilcthcrinston, and when obtained a shiUug, >n bis spending sixpence of that same in a glass ol beer. The prisoner ssid that he felt Wrn, and took the beer u a stimulant. He related his career in the colony, which extended over a Jrtod of fivemonths, during which time be had Mlowed various kind* ol occupation, but never followed his profession. The Mayor sent him to mo Immigrants' Home. Gkxrrai. I'liATr accompanied the Governor «dLady Barkly to the Hieatreltoyal,Melbourne on Thuraday evening, wd waa ttwtcd to a » re ception,"the band playing " See the conquering hero," and the audience chcoring. A correspondent of ti»e Gtelong AAtxrtxter rt^tei it as his opinion, founded on the law of that the severe ga!p« lately raging on the Australian coast are connected with the storms that did such havoc in Europe in Februarv. Tbc unemployed in Sydney are petitioning the Executive to carry out the public works for which money has been voted, and engage them Mr. G. M. Allen, the printer and publisher of the Norther* Star, Adelaide newspaper, appeared lately to answer a charge of libel on the information ol Sigoor liianchi. The following is the paragraph complained of.—" The Italians—How long will the Adelaide public allow thenwelvwto be dupedontoftbeir crowns and half-crowns by thb superlative humbug, the Italian Opera—com posed as it is of two foreigners, two Englishmen, two Irishmen, a Sootty, and a Lancashire clog ? We would respectfully suggert that if the Signer really wanu to keep things grfng, that he ehould at once amalgamate his Italiae. company with the Crocodilcs and the Singing Duck now in the as- Cttdant in • ye fair citie,' when perhsp« he might with some conscience pretend to give something like value for money 'had and received.*" The defendant was committed for trial, but admitted to small bail. he STABCB MAjstTAcroav seas CASTLHMAINE.— A week or two since it was stated that another manufacture, the nature of which was unknown, was tobe commenced on Winter's Flat, It is now stated that starch is the article tobe produced, and that it can be made at price that will compete with tlic imported material.—Jf. A. Mail Wateb os the Goi nriai.us. —There u a fact connected with water supply which has escaped observation, or at all event, has not been sufficiently considered. It is that the want of water is felt almost exclusively at new rushes. During the last fummer, Mountain Creek and Redbank are the only places where, to our knowledge, there has been sny serious complsints about water. As a goldfield progresses the leads deepen, the reef* are worked down to the water level, and the eonquence is that the complaint is just the other way. For the last two years on Ararat, there has been much more work stopped on account of excessive water than for th" want of it. The Black Lead, the Upper Wet Lead, the Caledonian, the Deep Lead at Commissioner's BUI, the Hopkins Lead, Old Koto's, and the lead at Phillip's Flat, all have been stopped and deserted from the quantity ot water,and yet in each the existence of payable dirt is thoroughly proved In quart! reefing it is the suae. Fart of Campbell's Reef lays idle and deserted, full of riches, like a water-logged East Indiaman, (the owners of the best claims offering to give nearly one-third of their gold to be freed from the water. Might not Government step in advantageously in such a case as this. If money mutt be spent on a water supply, why not kill two birds with one atone, and by draining a reef or lead, give work to a number of claims, and create a stream of water which would he far more serviceable than a reservoir holding from ten to fifteen mflliMs of gaUotia. Mr. Fraacis' scheme includes lending money tocompanies for creating water works. Why ahould it not also include lending companies money for the erection of laaehinery for the unwatenug of mines ^ Security might be given by the dalmholders over the machinery and their claims, and if this security is not very good, it ii at least as good as a lien on an idle dam or an useless race Ararat is not singular in having a dozen leads and reefs idle from excessive water. On Ballarat, bow many a tale of wasted years and ruined men coulif be told, the great feature, in all of which would be the heavy water f At Pleasant Creek, how long haa the New Chum lain idle, the claimholdera drowned out? And on every other gold field tbeciy is ust the wine.—Ararat Adeertiter, April 16. ? ? EiKctrrios.—William Smith, condemned to death at the last lieeehworth assizes for the murder of his wife, was hanged yesterday morning, at 10 o'clock, at the Melbourne Gaol in the presence of 30 or 60 persons, mostly officers of the police or the penal establishments. The wretched man appeared very weak, and two of the officers of the gaol were called upon to support him as he ascended to the scaffold. The Eev. G. Studdert was in attendance on the culprit during the morning, and down to the latest moment, but oould not indnoe him to make any admiaion of the crime, though he acknowledged himselfto be a great sinner. The executionerdid his office with promptitude and precision, so that the criminal died without a struggle. After hanging the vsnal time, the body was cat down, and the usual inquest was formally held, and » verdict recorded by a jury as to the death-sentence having been carricii out. We learn that at 4 o'clock yesterday morning the murderer made a desparate attempt to commit suicide, althotu^i cloiely watched by a turnkey placed outside his cell, bat with a foil view of the interior, and a! though a fellow-prisoner, who had been placed there to read to the criminal, was lying beside the latter. The condemned man did not sleep during the night, but about the hour mentioned bad shown a disposition to compose himself to sleep, so that his fellow prisoner, for a brief period closed hit own eyea, but waa presently disturbed by the man's hand falling on him, when, starting np, he threw down the blanket, and observed blood flowing from the neck of Smith. He immediately called out, and, the turnkey outside giving the alarm, the head turnkey and the governor of the gaol were, in a minute or two on the spot Mr. Wintle observed Smith's left hand was closed, and he ordered it to be opened, when .a small pieee of an oU razor waa found there . This weapon waa only about two inches and s half in length, and retained only about half an ineh of the cuttiug part of the razor. The wound was instantly attended to, and information wu fbrwarded to Dr. M'Crea, the chief medical officer, who promptly arrived and sewed up the wound, upon which the man seemed much better. On searching lite pockets after the execution a paper was found in one of them, on which was written In pendl some sentences to the cffect that no one was to blame, for that he had been watched carefuUy. but be was determined to take his own life, for hc was an innocent man. The writing concluded with, "I«ot it at Wangarstta, and I had it eoneealed ft the lining of my right Wot." The boot was afterwards closcly investigated, and a mark was Ibimd ln the boot, indicating that something of thc shape and rice of the pieee of wor Kd been ptoed there. We understand that Mr, Wlntk ajway* tuapcotod Smith of intending to defeat the ends of justice by self-murder; and on that account he was searched again and asain, but nothing dangerous eould be found uponlilm. The murderer was a labourer from England, transported some years before to Vwi Uieraen'a Land torstealing lead. In Hobsrt Town he married the unfortunate wooiMi for whose murder 4»e sufiered death» and wo n, Iwm that she was a won*™' of jaqwroi habit* and pursuits. He was about 36 years of age, and she waa some years Ms senior. Accounts from Deeehworth state that he had been ftrsome yeara a miner at the Lower Nine-Mile Diggings, where he was generally considered a respcittebie decent npn down to the time of bls leaving that district, aortic three years ago. whither he t tf returned 1' y ihortly nrirtr tohis committing the dreadful id lorfhichiieaufibred.--./tfy«*, Apia 98. ? ? The Argus states that there is a probability that the Vohintecrgcncral band will be broken up for , want offundg. A* attempt baa been made by Capt. Ruwell, of the Camilln, to introduce the guardmier, a favourite fish, Mauritius, but owing to the severe weather the Camilla encountered, all the fish died after she bad been at sea five The Omu C/mtihOion remarking upon the cheesesparing economy of the Hetles Government aays that they have made a discovery of how to save about £250 a year. This notable feat has been accomplished by striking off the escort service one pri vate trooper out of the four who, up to the present timt, constituted the gold escort of thedmte. The armed force which now guards the gold conveyed under the protection of the Government consist of three constables, one sergeant, and one nb-inspector, the latter being what we may term under the designation or a auperior «ffieer, - a sergeant in dhgtriae, inasmuch as, with tte nominal rank of the former, he enjoys the splendid remuneration of tbc latter, namely, 10s per day. Of tbc wisdom which- lias dictated this reduction, we need only remark that the gold constantly conveyed in the custody of this small party of guards is about DOOOoa, or estimating roughly its value somewhat short of £30,000. Tin TEaaiToar to tbe West.—The interior of the country lying between this colony and Western Australia still awaits the enterprise of some adventurous explorer. On this side we have had nothing but unprepossessing accounts of its apparent character; but in Western Australia there have been numerous facts ol late tending to show that the unknown land is of the most promising character. Amongst those facts we nnd the following in the last file of the Perth "The following letter has beenhandsd to us for publication ; it confirms in some measure the belief now generally entertained, that an exploring expedition to tbe eastward and northward from York would fall in with available country :— "'Rowland, Beverley, Feb, 18, 1MI. "' To the Hon. the Colonial Secretary, &c.; "' Sir—Convinced of your desire to obtain information that may tend to assist in tbe discovery of the internal recoursesof the colony, permit me to make known a circumstance which took plac at my sheep station a few days since; the station alluded to was Narmbyng in the new eountry to the eastward- My eldest son had been staying there in company with his brothers, when about 200 natives, from a tribe and country quite unknown appeared. They were much alarmed at the right of my «on, and could not be made to approach. From the information collected by my sons from the natives they say they bad come about six days' journey from the eastward, and describe thesr country as very beautiful, and compared it to the country at my -station. My sons had intended in the morning to have made another attempt to hold a conversation with them, but in consequence of an attempt having been made in the night to steal one of their women by my tons' natives, a disturbance took place, at which my sons' natives were likely tonave the worst of it, and they threatening tocall in the white people, the strangers seised their weapons and ran directly, and have not since been heard of. " I have. &c.;, " Cms. Smith. "N.B.—The natives alluded to wear i>o clothing, and they state that they had never seen or eaten kangaroo before that time." This ought »o stimulate tbe pioneers of South Australian settlement to find their way into the western " No man's land" by some means, and thus to prove to the Home Government that we deserve to possess the strip of country we have asked for. It may be, indeed, that her Majesty is waiting for this proof before she fulfils the promise made on the subject; and that we are expected to crack the nut and get at tbe kernel before being allowed to call it our own. The Fftosrscra*.—A case (New Brunswick and Canada Railway and Land Company Limited v Mu^geridge), in which am important principle u laid down. Without troubling our readers with the details of this ease, we may mention that the important principle established by tbe case is that a prospectus must be correct in its statement; that, unless it ia, a subscriber for shares cannot be compelled to fulfil his engagement*. Tbe prospectus inviting parties to subscribe for shares ought to contain " a full, true, and'complete representation." At all events (also the reported words of V. C. Kindersley) it was necessary to uphold this principle, that where persons issued a prospectus holding out to the public a strong inducement to take shares on the representations therein contained, those persons were bound to state everything with strict and scrupulous accuracy, not only abstaining from stating what was untrue, but omitting no fact the existence of which might affect the nature or extent of the privileges and advantages so held out. Every one must admit that the principle here laid down is just and right. A prospectus ought to be tnie, that is substantially correct, and if even by accidental omission, it really misrepresents facts, the subscriber would be released from his bargain, unless he formally agree to accept a share in the property, different as he afterwards finds it to be. —HenpaOft Journal. A Locu Explanation.—Scene—At breakfast. —Q. What is the Schleswig-Holstcin question, papa t A. Well my dear boy, I am pleased to «ee that you have at inquiring mind, and take notice of what is said m your presence, and I will endeavour to make you understand. Schleswig-Holstcin is in Denmark—that is, it is not exactly in Denmark, at least, Schleswig may be called so, but not Holstein—no it it Holestein that may be consided Danish, or, if yon like * long word better, Scandinavian- Let me aee,'what did I mjf-O yes, Holstein is the German division of the territory, and Schleswig is an ancient fief (you know what a fiet is) of tbe crown, and was ceded in 1816; that is to sav, Holstein was ceded, not Sehleswig, Holstein having been an ancient fief of Germany, and therefore you see Prussia takes an interest in the question, as part of the German Confederation; but Lord Jcbn Russell is only in the matter as a mutual friend, and he thinks that the proposals of Prussia—no, I mean Denmark—yes of course, Denmark, that coneeMBMia shall be made to Holstein—no, Holstein does not want concessions, but a veto (that ls Latin for I forbid " ) upon taxation and other things, and M Schleswig is to be allowed to speak German—well. Lord John thinks this ftir, but the Prussian minister does not think that Prussia—at least, Denmark, has any right to impo»e conditions of this aoii, because ther waa a promise of a constitution to Sehlctwig or Hcftatsfii, i forget which, but the principle Is the same, and there are some other points mixed up with it which you might not be able to understand so easily as die simple outline of the due which I Imve given you. Pass my cup to your mamma—iCoiNliHi Punch. LoanBbodqbam waa lately invited by " a number of young men " at Boston, U. S., to attend a public convention, and there address them on the question, " Bow can American slavery be abolished t " The date waa fixed for the adversary of John Brown's death, die 3rd of December. HarperVFerry. Brougham expresses "the widest difference of opinion upon the merits of thoae who promoted the Harper's Ferry expedition, and the late of those who suffcred " for it" No one will doubt my eaniert desire to see slaveiy extinguished : but that desire can only be gratified by lawftil mcans—a strict regard tothe rights of property, or what thc law defijares to 1« prbpertr, and a constant repugnanoe tothe Aciding of lilood. No mrn cau he a martyr unless hi not only suffers, hut is witnew to the truth t and he does not bear this testimony who seeks a lawful object by illegal moans. Any other course taken for the abolition of slavery can only delay the consummation we so devoutly wish, besides exposing the community tothe hasard of an insurecUou, perhaps less hurtful to the master than the slave. When the ilritiih emancipatlon was finally carried, It was aooompliihed by steps^ and fiveyears elapsed hetween tho commencement of the measure in 1888 and its completion in 1838." 