SYDNEY, SATURDAY, APRIL 20, 1861. THE New Zealand war ia at an end. So, ai least, the proceedings of Governor BHOWNI would lead as co suppose. For many a wearj month the safe and scientific sap had worked its way up the valley of the Waitara. Twelve months of harassing warfare had desolated thc European settlements, ruined the settlers, wit. nessed repeated cold-blooded murders, and left probably two hundred British soldiers and tailors either maimed or in inglorions graves on the Maori soil. At length the troops seemed about to reap the jost reward of their toil and bravery, in the complete humiliation of their bold and obstinate enemy. A powerful battery of artillery had been brought ' to bear upon the strong pah of Te Arei, on the heights of Fukerangiora, where the enemy had fixed bis centre of operations. The position of the Maories became no longer tenable, and they sued for peace. At this moment, the Govern- ment of New Zealand was in a position to dic- tate its own terms. The native allies of WIREMU KINOI were getting tired of fighting. Beinforcements of British troops had arrived, and more were on their way. A powerful steam squadron was on the coast, ready to co-operate with the troops ; and a new commander, whose name and services bore with them a prestige of success, had arrived on the scene of opera- tions. Under these circumstances, Governor BROWNE and his Ministers proceeded to Tara- naki; and the colonists awaited, with breath- less impatience, the promulgation of those terms which some fondly hoped, though many too prophetically doubted, were to bring them compensation for the past, and an assurance of pence and Bnfety for the future. The New Zealan 1 mail hos now arrived, and the conditions of peace offered to the Waitara insurgents are known. They are such as may well reproduce in this colony the astonishment which they excited in Taranaki. Not the slightest compensation is demanded for all the losses and sufferings of the settlers-not the leant retribution for the deliberate murders per petiated by the natives. The Waikatoa have gone hume ; WIBEMU KINOI evaded attendance Ht the conference, by sending his daughter in Iiis pUce j and the Taranakis and Ngaiiruaunis, as ibo papera inform us, moved off southward, carrying with them the sheep, cattle, and other booty of which. they had plundered the settlers. All lite honours of war remain with the enemy. The victorious troops are left only an empty pah, as a war trophy for all the lives that have been sacrificed. In this state of affairs, Governor BROWNE tells the enemy that he wishes things to return to i he state in which they were before the war. The survey of the Waitara block of land, which was so rudely interrupted by WIBUID KINQI, must be allowed to proceed; bat the title is still left an open question, and all are to be allowed to state their claims freely, subject to the decision of the Government. All guns captured by the natives are to be returned ; and all plunder from the settlers to be restored including, wa presume, the houses that have been burnt, Bnd the sheep and cattle that have been long since devoured. The Ngatiawamust promise to behave well, and submit to the law, in future. The land occupied by the troops is to be forfeited to the Governor, pro Jorma ; but his Excellency hestens to inform the natives that this is only a make-believe, and that he in- tends at once to restore all that territory to its former owners, reserving only the right to build block houses and to make roads. Instead of punishment, the belli- gerent natives are to have rewards. The land which they have dyed with the blood of our countrymen, is to be restored to them, as a local paper remarks, " with all the advantages it gains from the presence of the civilisation they have scorned and trampled on." These very easy conditions being complied with, the late enemy are to " come under the protection of the law, and enjoy their property, both lands and goods, without molestation." Truly this is making war foran idea, with a vengeance. The whole object and consequence seems to be purely ideal ; and the enemy, in the enjoyment of all the substance, is placed in the position of having mercifully allowed the Pakeba to make a drawn battle of it. It is calculated that about two hundred home steads have been wantonly destroyed by the natives during this war, and about two thou* sand head of stock. How is this " plunder to be restored ? " What compensation are the settlers ..to have for- twelve months of poverty and danger- the ruin of all their prospects, and the sacrifice ot ; the labours of years? Sir GEORGE OOBXEWET/L LEWIS, io a recent despa'ch, took the oppor- tunity of the absence of the Duke of NEWCASTLE, to place on official record, an old literary opinion of his-that the parent Government was not bound to protect those of its subjects who thought proper to pursue their industry and enterprise in a semi- savage country. The doctrine is open to some question under the circumstances, and ia not quite so gratifying to the national pride as the CROMWELLIAN declaration that an Englishman, living under the laws, was a legi- timate object of protection for the British army, wherever he might be. Admitting that the rule laid down is to be generally adhered to, it is not likely that the British Treasury will compensate the ruined settlers of Taranaki. But, whatever may be thought of the opinions of the Under Secretary, they do not apply in the present case. A British force had taken the field. The enemy wa3 apparently vanquished. No question of British interference remained, for the service had been-so it was said-accomplished. Amongst the terms of peace, therefore, and besides a most unmistakable submission to British authority, there should have been a distinct provision for compensation to the settlers. When Mr. BOWLBT and bis unfortu- nate fellow sufferers strayed out from the British camp in China, on a mere expedition of pleasure or curiosity, it might have been fairly said that they had placed them- selves beyond British protection ; yet Lord ELGIN demanded a hundred thousand pounds sterling as compensation to the relatives of the murdered men, and compelled payment from the Chinese exchequer. There is a homely saying in North Britain, that, " it is ill taking the breeks off a Highlander ;" and per- haps, it would be a hard matter to exact a tributo in cash from the New Zuulanders ; but they should have been compelled to make com pensation in land for the injuries they had inflicted on unoffending colonists. We know not whether such land would ever be of much value. In the present state of insecurity, this is perhaps doubtful ; but it would have been a tangible recognition of right on the one hand, and a nnniokmon» nr\ flin ntl, ar Ic is hard to say «hat will be the next course of events in New Zealand. The Maori King movement seems to be in a flourishing state, aodtha late belligerents, having bi.filed and outwitted the Pakeha, will soon be ready for any fresh mischief that may turn up. It is a satisraction to learn that General CAMERON, who has not yet ' had an opportunity of interfering, is unfettered by any particular in- structions in the event of war again breaking out. Such a calamity is to be deprecated ; but there can never be any security against it while, the Maories only suffer defeat in order to secure all the substantial benefits of vic ory. TUE Bill to amend the Laws relating to the Gold-fields now before Parliament, embodies a new principle which is so important in its practical bearings, as to challenge the most at- tentive consideration. It is contained in the third, eighth, and ninth clauses of the Bill, by tho provisions of which " any person not being a British subject is debarred, under a penalty, from mining for gold, or residing upon" any Gold-field not proclaimed as open t o aliens. This limitation would appear to be mainly levelled against the Chinese, /md, as it affects them, it i?, doubtless, caleula'cd to prevent those infractions of the public peace which the- intru- sion of that class of aliens upon gold- fields occu- pied by Europeans has been found to provoke. In that point of view, indeed, the enactment does nothing more than give a legal s anction to an. arrangement already carried out by the authorities at 'Lambing Flat for keeping the rival Caucasien and Mongolian races separate and apart. And, however questionable in the ab- stract the policy of such an expedient may be, its adoption in this instance may be said to have been forced upon the Government by that necessity which has no law. It offjrcil the only means of preserving the Government from involving itself in difficulties and expenses beyond its ability to sustain. The same reason still exists for maintaining the regulation in question as led to tts firs', invention, and are even likely to become more urgent with the progress of events. Heneo the propriety of dealing with this section of claims in the manner prescribed by the Bill. But there is another class of persons located ort the diggings who, although aliena ia the I eje of the law, axe not regarded in that light by the English miners. The Ear opean and American foreigners, to whom we allude, bare ' become thoroughly mixed up with our own country folks. The amalgamation with our people to all social, political, and economical purposes may be assumed to be as perfect and complete aa it is possible to be. There is no large party engaged in-gold-digging.which has not a sprinkling of this element. It is foreign only in name. Ia shorty the application of the term " foreigrteis" to these men, and particularly to the Americans, would be deemed inappro piate, if not unnatural, by diggers in general. None of the objections to which the Chinese are liable, apply to this class of so-called aliens in the slightest degree. Their 'presence and labours on the gold-fields excite neither dis- content nor apprehension. Belonging to the same great race, and the same religion, and identical in their feelings and habits with our people, they are neither danish in disposition, obnoxious in their modas of working, nor for- midable in point of numbers, but have mingled like kindred drops into one with the British population. Why, then, should a compulsory separation between elements sp harmonious and so intimately combined be decreed by law t Why should man strive to put assunder what God has joined together? Whatever reason may exist for keeping the Chinese distinct from the Europeans, and confining that class of barbarous aliens within certain limits, no occasion has. arisen, we repeat it, for instituting a distinction and a severance between this section of foreigners and British subjects. But if such a procedure is altogether un- warranted by expediency, on what principle can it be defended? In the shape in which it is proposed to impose the disability, it appears to us to be peculiarly objectionable. Had it taken the form of an increased licensed fee, or oven of total prohibition, the superior or ex- clusive right of British subjects to the gold- fields of the colony might be pleaded with a. show of reason in justification of it. That might have been oppressive, but could not have boen considered insulting ; whereas the pro- posed interdiction even of residence upon any gold-fields not open to aliens, is both. > Considered in-this point of-view, this-pro- vision appears to us to be open > to ob- jections of a formidable kind. It is one thing io impose a license > fee upon Americans and Frenchmen, and another to. exclude then front > residing, or carrying on business, or labouring in any way, except within > certain prescribed, limits, under pain of fine and im- prisonment. Much has > been said about an interference with Chinese immigration involv- ing a > breach of the treaty with Chins, but it is still more worthy of > consideration whether an enforcement of the regulations in question against > the citizens and subjects of America and France, would not amount to a > violation of the friendly relations with those powerful countries. At all > events, if it should result, as it would be be likely to do, in the > confiscation of the pro- perly of such persons, they would certainly have a > fair claim upon the diplomatic interposition in their behalf of their > respective govern- ments. This brings ns to another point of the sub- ject. Many of the individuals the limitation in question would affect, have, doubtless, at the present moment, aa interest in gold-digging claims, or in business of some description to a very considerable value. . Now, their property ia such claims, and other profitable occupa- tions, would be confiscated, at least, so far as the substance of legislation could affectuate the cancellation, were this Bill, in its present shape, to pass into law. , There is some reason to believe, indeed, that there is no intention on the part of the authorities of carrying it into effect, and even if there were, that it would be found incapable of being enforced. But it might nevertheless be oc- casionally appealed to .rom motives of covetous- ness or revenge, and must have a tendency, in nny event, to give rise to a sense of insecurity on the part of those liable to its operation. But laws which it is manifestly impossible to carry out ought never to be enacted. Neither should regulations not intended to be enforced be permitted to piss into law. Every law should have a special purpose conspicuous on the face of it, and should never be made sub- servient to a concealed object. It should not be designed for the purpose of being ad- ministered at discretion, but ought to be such in its whole frame-work and applicability, as to be susceptible of being strictly carried into execution. The idea of slumbering enact- ments, that, like sleeping adders, may be aroused by the proud or 'he vindictive to destroy the unwary, ought, assuredly, to huve been long since exploded. On the supposition, therefore, that the provision objected to is not intended to be acted upon, it will be seen, foi i the reasons above stated, to be wholly ina<i ' mtssible nevertheless. That is the most charitable surmise the contemplated procedure admits of, yet it by no means implies an ade- quate excuse for its adoption. But one of the worst features of the matter is, that, if such prohibition and limitation were enforced in any one instance, there would be an appearance of a want ot equity in not car- rying them out in all cases. Yet this would be impracticable to some extent, since it would break up the greater number of working parties on the diggings. It would, therefore, he inju- dicious and unfair to insist upon compliance with the provisions of the law on the part of a few, whilst it would be impolitic to attempt, and next to impossible to require it on the part of al], to say nothing of the oppressive and un- popular character of the whole proceeding. The object which Mr. COWPER, the framer of the Bill, has in view, is obvious. He is desirous of circumscribing the field of operations of the Chinese engaged in gold-digging, so as to pre- vent the occasion for disturbances. He finds it difficult to draw a distinction between them and other aliens which can be vindicated on the ground of abstract principle. But, in our judg- ment, the line of distinction, has been drawn by the current of circumstances, and the present position of affairs on the diggings, in con- junction with what has already been done there by the authorities, and the popular demands in reference to the Chinese. The question is one of expediency, and that, in matters of legislation upon subjects of thiB nature is, in itself, a pi inc.pie superior to all others. A precedent had, moreover, been set by the Parliament of a sister colony, as well as by the representative branch of our own, for special legislation in reference to. the Chinese, which precedent would fully cover the particular limitation now sought to be imposed upon the Chinese, if made to apply peculiarly and exclu- sively to them. Tbe Upper House, it is true, as now cons tit a tod, would not, perhaps, be so likely ta poss the Bill in such a shape-but all experience has shown that to adopt measures to the, fancy of its members would lia to reeder them wholly worthless if not. zniaeh íevoos. They* will be almost sure to reject , the Bill in . any shape. The Premier, however, will hara - fulfilled his promise to the gold-miners, and his dutj to the public, by introducing it into Parlia- ment in a form calculated to accomplish the ends in view. 