-VICTORIA, By the Aldinga we have Melbourne papert I to the 17th instant, 'l'liey contain the follow ing items of news:— Abbw.Ui of the Mail.—The Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company's ship Benares, Captain Purchase, passed through the Heads yesterday (Monday) forenoon, about half-past 10 o'clock, and reached the anchorage in Hobson's Bay about half-past 2 in the afternoon. On this occasion, February being a short month, the mail was dispatched from London two days earlier than usual. A day was lost, however, between London and Galle, from which the Benares sailed on the 23rd ult. As the mail was due here on the 10th inst., it Iiob been delivered five days late. The length of the passage is accounted for by the head-winds the ship experienced, strong south-east winds prevailing between Galle and Cape Leuwin, easterly gales from the Souud to the Otway, and northerly breezes from the Otway to Hobson's Bay. The Benares left Sing George's Sound at € o'clock on the morning of the 9th, and the Balclutha sailed at a' late hour on the evening of the 8th for Adelaide. The next English mail will be bronght by the'Jeddo, which makes one more trip'before being taken finally from the Aus tralian station. The Benares sailed for Sydney at 4 o'clock this morning. The mail brought by tjie Benares is, we believe, the largest ever dispatched from England for the Australian colonies-; that for Victoria alone was contained in 371 .boxes. At King George's Sound several gazelles were, landed,' having been brought from Aden, and one has been carried on to Sydney. The mail steamer from China had not reached Galle when the Benares left, and, therefore, our latest date from Hongkong is the 15th of February.—Argus. IjANDiNO of Gekbbal Pbatt, — Major Gc^eial Pratt landed at Sandrfdge, under the usupl salute from the guns of the Volunteer Ariilleiy Regiment which had been sent down at an early hour in the morning. " His Excel lency the Governor, attended by Captain Ban croft, left Xoorak shortly after 9 o'clock, and on arriving at Sandridge, proceeded to meet the Major-General on board the Victoria, which bad dropped anchor at a short distance from the pier.i Colonel Pitt also went on board the Victoria. A guard of honour of the detach ment of the 40th stationed in Melbourne was drawn, up, under the' command of Captain Hinds, to receive the Major-General, who, with His Excellency, landed almost immediately, attended by Lieutenant Foster, A.D.C., Lieu tenant-Colonel Carey, and James llouat, Esq., C.B., the Victoria at the same time manning yards; The party entered one of His Excel lency's private carriages, and started for Mel bourne, the Volunteer Cavalry, under Captain iiurton, acting as an escort. The 40th pre seated arms, and several hundred people who were collected on the spot cheered the gallant Majdr-General heartily. He appeared much gratified at the compliment. On arriving at Prince's Bridge Barracks, detachments from the metropolitan and suburban volunteer rifles, under Captains Hall, Nash, Sprent, Moody, aud -Irving, presented arms, and the guns of the hrtillery? which were stationed in the reserve, again saluted. The Major- General acknowledged the compliment by lifting his hat. J The cortege then drove on to Toorab, where the liojor-General remained "during the day.' The detachment of the 40th, and one ef the" if aval Brigade, which had also been drawn up to receive the Major-General, marched back to town, preceded by the Volunteer band, which played several stirring airs. The streets both' of Melbourne and Sandridge exhibited considerable auimatioh.—Argus. Cattle Disease!—The disease of pleuro pneumonia appears to be spreading with frightful rapidity amongst the cattle of this colony, and unless some adequate measure be passed without delay, the consequences will indeed be Serious. A letter was yesterday re ceived by the .Chief Secretary, from Wallan Waljan, stating that two of Mr. Gorman's cattle had become affected by this disease, and that jone of them had since died. A telegram, of which the following is a copy, was also re ceived yesterday by the Chief Commissioner of ■Popee—"Beech worth, April 12.—Pleuro pmaShonla. Disease appeared on Ovens Riv&^JPwo bullocks left behind on Buckland Black Springs. One died, the other "suoL ^Symptoms—Imngs-bard,—swoUeOj -and sticking to side . Branded OS half circle over near ribs.—P. L. Bookey. The Chief Commis sioner of Police."—Argus. Population:—The number of persons ar rived by sea at Melbourne during the week has amounted to 231 only. Of these 227 were from the neighbouring colonies, and 4 from Calcutta. The digest of the February returns for the whole colony, which was given in our columns of yesterday (Friday), shows in a very marked manner the stagnant condition of the immigration movement. The balance in favour of this colony from New South Wales was only ; 4, from South Australia 72, from Tasmania 9 ; while, a4regards New Zealand, the balance was against tnis colony by 64. The net addition to the population by intercolonial migration was only 21.. The balance was against this colony and in favour of Great Britain to the number of 520, and in favour of foreign ports to the number of 3. Altogether there was a decrease in population of 502 persons.—Argus. The Public Revenue.—The returns of receipts just published for the first quarter of 1SG1, copied in another column, show that some branches of revenue are declining, and so far demonstrate the wisdom of the policy of retrenchment. Referring to the last quarter's returns, we find that the total Customs for 1860 were £105,544 less titan those for 1859, the amounts being respectively £1,605,658 and £1,500,114. In the first quarter of 1861 there is a continued decline. The amount of Customs revenue for the year ending 31st March, 1860, was £1,584,502, while that for the year ending 31st March, 1861, was £1,465,830, showing a deficiency in the latter period of £118,672. Compared with the corresponding period last year, the quarter's revenue (from £390,447 to £356,163) has fallen £34,284, and, stranger still, there is a greiter fall compared with the immediately preceding quarter, the revenue of which amounted to £391,761.—Ecouomist. The Royal Society.—The address of His excellency the Governor, as President of the Royal Society, on Monday evening, is one of the most interesting character to the general public, inasmuch as it gives a popular narra tion of the labours of an Association of an otherwise somewhat exclusive description. His Excellency opens his address by briefly alluding to tbe principal non- scientific papers -brought before tbe Society during the year, concluding the list by reference to one written by Mr. Wilhelmi, "On the Manners and Customs ot tlie JXatives 01 .fort iancoln District/' in connection with which topic the Governor remarks:—"I would take the op portunity of impressing this subject on the attention of the Boyal Society, with a view to the institution of immediate and systematic enquiries of a similar nature within our own territory. Whole tribes of the aboriginal occupants of the soil are, under some mys terious dispensation, rapidly disappearing, and the links which their dialects and traditions might supply to the ethnologist will, without some effort on our part, be lost for ever. When at Omeo, two years einoe, the last survivor of the numerous and warlike tribe which had disputed possession with thSs early settlers only a quarter of a century before was' pre sented to me; and I fear, from official reports which have coma under my notice, that in other districts, despite all the efforts that the newly-constituted Board for the protection of the aborigines can make, this unfortunate race is last becoming extinct." Commending the entire address to the perusal of our readers, we will conclude with the fol lowing extract relative to the Victorian ex plorer.—" As regards Mr. Burke, we might Long since have looked to hear of his arrival at the preconcerted depot on Cooper's Creek, and of his departure thence to skirt the eastern border of the desert, as the shortest route to ' the Gulf of Carpentaria, but for the delay | which occurred in the transmission of the ' second portion of his stores -from the Darling, 1 which probably deterred him from sending back a messenger with the news of his move ments. We know that the rest of the party ■with these stores left the camp on that river on the 2ith January, so that we soon expect to receive intelligence of their junction, or of the course Mr. Burke had adopted in their absence. It is certainly possible that he may - have pushed on towards the northern coast without awaiting their arrival; but as he wasfully aware that no arrangement was in contempla tion for sending a vessel to meet him there, he is not likely to have jgone - beyond-the«oint from which, wifli the aid ofwe csme^The could fall back on his snpplies, and ithere seems, therefore, no. groundfbr:aaxieiy<Ba to his safety, though, of course, we must be pre pared to act promptly, according to the tenor I of the first advices which may reach us."— Examiner. District Councils.—The Bill to establish District Councils and to repeal the present Road Board Acts, introduced by Messrs. New ton and Service, promises to diffuse the prin ciples of self-government, and to relieve the Executive and the Legislature of functions which may advantageously devolve on local authorities. We here propose only to state the substance of the BilL It proposes to con fer npon the Governor in Council the power of constituting districts, the area of which is left an open question, and the municipal affairs of which are to be governed by a Council, con sisting of not less than five nor more than nine members. These districts are only to be estab lished upon petition, like the present munici palities, and power is reserved to. enlarge or diminish the boundaries, or to separate por tions of the district, and to erect them into a separate district. The members of the Council are to be elected by the suffrages of the land holders and householders, and two- thirds are to retire annually by rotation, but to be eligible for re-election. The voting power of each elector is to be determined by the amonnt at which he is rated in the assessment-book (a maximum number of votes being prescribed), while the election is to be conducted by ballot. Persons refusing to act as Councillors, alter having been elected, will render themselves liable to fine. Provision is made for the divi sion of districts into wards, the members for which are to be appointed in accordance with the system indicated above; and it is expressly stipulated that no insolvent shall be or con tinue a member of such Council, or shall accept or continue to hold any office or place of profit under this Act.—Argus. The Gaze oir the Coast.—The Herald of the 17th has the following telegram :—" Warr nambool, April 16.—A most fearful storm from the west occurred about 1 o'clock p.m. Many of the houses have been damaged, and a great deal of properly destroyed. No lives are lost. The gale lasted for about 20 minutes. Shell a storm was never known before." COlOtEBCIAl. The latest market report of the Argus has the following :— The flour and grain markets have closed some what uncertainly; demand for flour and wheat is steady, and prices have been well sustained, but there appears an anxiety on the part of sliippcrs in the neighbouring colonies to avail themselves of the present rates of this market, and should sup §Iies come to hand in any excess of the actual emand the probability is that prices will at once give way. Oats of good feeding quality arc in fair demand, but at an increased rate of value. In groceries-there is but little to remark. Coffees have worked low in stock, and are, of course, in demand at full prices. The lower descriptions of black teas continue to decline; two more arrivals are added to the stocks on hand, but holders are few. and with management prices are not likely seriously to be affected. Sugars continue very steady, and good coloury grocery sorts and the finer sorts of white crystals fully maintain both demand and prices. Bi'ee is coming to hand freely, and, with the prospect of still further close arrivals, any advance on present rates seems improbable. Provisions of really prime quality are, as reported last week; scarce and wanted. In other articles there are no clianges to call for remark. The following report is ffom the Age of the 17th, our latest date :— Business lias been Due aun in tne import mantct, merchants being principally occupied with their home advices. It is generally expected that the light shipments of brandy will cause a better de mand, and that prices will somewhat improve. There is at present .a good enquiry for inferior qualities for mixing. The cargo of rice, ex Queen of India, has changed "hands at full market rates. There is now, consequent upon the intelligence received by the mail from Calcutta, a good demand, and prices are likely to improve. The only cargo expected to arrive is that perTima, and when the. mail left there was no vessel loadingfor Melbourne. The only lot of new rice now on hand is the cargo above -mentioned, with the exception of small parcels held by the trade; and old stocks do not exceed 500 or <500 tons. There have been some en quiries for opium, but we have heard of no trans actions worth reporting. Flour still remains firm, with a brisk enquire. * Daring the last few days there lias been a better feeling in the stock and share market, and business lias decidedly improved. There lias been a lively enquiry for National Bank shares, which have been largely dealt in at it. Is. By the Oscar we have Melbourne papers to the 20th instant. They contain, amongst other matters, the following items of news :— Telegraph: Department.—The report of Mr. M'Gowan, the general Superintendent of the Electric Telegraph, on the advancement and condition of his department for the year ended 31st December, 1S6G, is now published, and is mnfch more -elaborate than any of .liis, former reports. The permanent expenditure account stood at £129,496 18s. 2d. on the 31st De cember, 1859. At the end of 1860 it stood at £163,475 14s. 8d., thus showing a total expen diture in extensions, new stations, repairs, additions, improvements, moiety of Bass's Straits line, and rent of offices of £33,978 16s. 6d. The debtor and creditor statement is, as has before been given in our columns:— Working and maintenance of lines in salaries, and wages, £22,962 Ss. 7d.; and in contin gencies, £4,836 19s. Id. Balance, £18,427 2s. 7d. Total debtor, £46,226 10s. 3d. Cash receipts, £24,440 15s. Id.; cash due from New South Wales and South AustralL, £515 3s. Id.; value of G-overnment business, £21,270 12s. Id. Total creditor, £46,226 10s. 3d.; value of messages transmitted on Her Majesty's service, £16,563 16s. 8d.; value of shipping intelligence, £4,706 15s. 5d. —Herald. Shipping Telegrams.—"The most advis able mode of procuring the shipping telegrams from Sydney, Newcastle; and Adelaide" formed the subject of consideration at a meeting of fentlemeii interested, at Mr. Coffey's, Lloyd's looms, Collins-street west. The following was the business then transacted:—Mr. J. H. Blackwood was appointed to the chair. On the motion of Mir. Coffey, seconded by Mr. Norton, it was decided that telegrams should be received from Sydney, Newcastle, and Ade laide, once a day ; from Cape Otway, twice a day; and from the Heads, as aficn as ships arrived. On the motion of Mr. Norton, seconded by Mr, J. H. Moore, it was decided that circulars be sent to all those interested, stating the cost of obtaining the above-men tioned telegrams. On the motion of Mr. T. Finlayson, seconded by Mr. Osborn, it was de cided—" That a Society be formed for the pur pose of receiving telegrams' from the above mentioned places, and that the payment of the sum of two guineas annually be the quali fication for membership." . On the motion of Mr. Norton, seconded by. Mr. Coffey, it was decided that the Society should be formed upon the same footing as Lloyd's in Loudon. The meeting then adjourned to to the next day, when, however, not more than six gentlemen were present. Still bus£ ness was proceeded with, and Mr. J. H. Moore was voted to the chair. In answer to Mr. Barker, Mr. Coffey said it was proposed to furnish the various newspapers with the in formation obtained Dy tne fcociecy, uie pro prietors of every daily journal having promised to become subscribers. It was then agreed that a resolution should be drawn up, inau gurating the collection of subscriptions; whereupon Mr. Norton remarked that lie thought two guineas annually would not be enough. Mr. Coffey said be agreed with that opinion, as 200 subscribers at the rate named would be required, and he doubted if such a number would come forward. Eventually it was arranged that the two-guinea subscription should not be an annual one, -but that more money should be asked for when that was spent. Einally, Mr. Einlayeon proposed, and Mr. Osborn seconded, a motion appointing Messrs. Moore, Norton, Blackwood, Finlaysoo, Osborn, Coffey, Bayles, B. Turnbed], Oswald, J. Lawrence, Throckmorton, and Captain Cole, a Committee to receive subscriptions. This was carried j and the meeting broke up with a vote of thanks to the chair.—Argus. The Nat ad Brigade.—The crew of the colonial steam-sloop Victoria were invited by His Worship the Mayor to a dinner, at the Bull and Mouth Hotel, to welcome them back, after their arduous duties with the Naval Bri gade in New Zealand. About seventy re sponded to the invitation, and-seldom has it been our lot to see a more truly jovial and merry party .of men met together. All the men were dressed in true blue-jacket fashion, and were certainly a fine set of fellows, and would do', credit to any man-of-war in the British Navy. The greatest order and decorum prevailed; and if a jack-tar did get a little merry, it was so more than might ,be expected, as it is not oijten that Jack gets such a treat. The Mayoroccupied the chair, and Alderman Cosgrave worthily filled the vice-chair. Mr. Gasgoine, the second officer of the Victoria; 'Mr. Frost, the boatswain; and Mr. Wilson, the carpenter, were the pnlv officers present. The room was very tastefully decorated with flags of all nations, and presented a very com fortable appearance,—Herald. _ ■ • VouipTBEBa.—In the Legislative Council a -motion was caixie&at; theinstance of Mr. Hull, tdedaxinjg that the House "has observed, with! peculiar satisfaction and confidence, the emula tion both of officers and men of the volunteers of all arms recently encamped on the Brier I Wcrribee—thus indicating a just sense of the I loyal objects for which they hare cnaolled I themselves, and their firm determination to defend their ovm liberties (and the honour of the Crown) in this th°ir adopted land, and nnder Providence to transmit them to pos terity ; and, further, that this expression of feeliug be transmitted to the officer command ing the volunteers, with a request that he will communicate the same to the respective corps." —Argus. General Pratt.—We learn that the volun teers intend to celebrate the return of Major Geueral Pratt to Victoria by inviting him to a grand banquet, to be given at the Exhibition Building. From the arrangements which we hear it is intended to mate this banquet will excel everything of the sort that has yet taken place in Victoria.—Age. [ Divorce Bell.—A despatch from the Se cretary ol the Colonies was presented to the Assembly, informing the House that Her Majesty had not been advised to give her consent to tbe Divorce Bill. Mr. Greeves promptly gave notice of his intention to move for leave to introduce a new Bill to-day.— Herald. District Councils Bui.—Thi3 Bill is a very indifferent copy of the South Australian District Councils Bill. In some respects it goes farther, and in othera not so far as its original. But tbe House has allowed it to be read a second time without opposition. And it ought now to be proceeded witb, unless some better reason is given for delay than any with which we have yet been favoured.—Herald. Meteoric Iron.—For the following we are indebted to the BaMarat Star:—" Some time ago it was announced in tbe Melbourne journals that a mass of meteoric iron, weighing some 3,003 lbs., had been found in the neighbourhood of the Dandenong Ranges. We recently learned that the mass was disin terred by Mr. Abel, tbe assayer, of this town, who was led to visit the locslity in consequence ! of some information he received from Professor Neumayer. The place in which the mass was found is in the vicinity of Cranbourne, Western Port, and about 20 miles from the Dandenong Ranges. It is, of course, impossible to say at what time this immense mass of iron fell, but that it is meteoric there can be no doubt, as it bears all the marks peculiar to such a de scription of iron. Meteoric iron is by no means a rare thing, as it has been found in variouB parts of the world; but this is the largest moss that has yet beeu discovered. It measures 31 inches in length, and is six feet in circumference, and was found buried about four feet in the ground. The specific gravity is the same as that of wrought iron, hut it is ex tremely difficult to break. Mr Abel has.iu his possession one of two lumps which have been cut off the mass, each posting something like £1 to sever from the main body, and the .work men employed declared that they would not eat a piece out of the solid body far less than £10, as their chisels were completely spoiled. The specimen now in Mr. Abel's possession shows very plainly the peculiar cleavage of thi3 iron, and it also contains a mixture of various metals. Some bright shining spots are said to be a new metal, which Mr. Abel has named • mctcorine'—a name at once appropriate and euphonious. Portions of sulphurate of tin are also enclosed, in small pieces about the size and shape of broad beans. Mr. Abel is afcout.to assay the portion in his possession, but tnere can be no doubt that it contains nickel and cobalt, as these metals are always found in conjunction with meteoric iron. We believe that Mr. Abel proposes to. bring the entire mass to Ballarat if possible, but the expense will be very serious, as the weight will cause a great outlay for carriage." Coax, Seaech.—We are happy to be able to report some encouragement on the part of the Government to the further search for coal in this district. The letter in anotiier part, which we have received through Mr. Dacomb,- con veys the gratifying information that a portion of the £1,000 granted for the exploration lor coal is to be awarded to this district.—Port• land Guardian, April 12. MtJBEAr Vaxxet Yineyaed Company.—A meeting of the proprietors of this Company was held at the Imperial Hotel on Wednesday afternoon. S. A. Meyer, Esq., was appointed Chairman. The attendance was but a small one, but- measures were adopted to carry on the operations of the Company for the ensuing season. The Company's deed was settled arid approved of. The share-list waa reopened, and it was agreed that it should remain open for the ensuing three months. Arrangements were made for the appointment of agents in Mel- : bourne and Sydney. It was also resolved to present to Mr. G. H. Mott twelve shares in the Company, he having devoted considerable time and attention in originating the Company. Mr. J. W.Jones resigned his office as Secretary, and Mr. Mott was appointed in his place. The thanks of the meeting were accorded to Mr. Jones and to the Chairman. There is no doubt that the Albury district is destined to become pre-eminently a vinegr^wing district. The soil and the climate are fitted for the extensive growth of the vine. The old vineyards have paid well, and arc now rated at a considerable amount. The Albury wines have been judged favourably by the most competent judges, and realized large prices. This is without much system; and, if such be the case, a few years will greatly increase the value of vineyards and their produce.—Albury Banner, April-13. COMSIEBCIAI. The Economist of the L9tk contains the following:— Mr. Isiwrancc reports that the com market con tinues to maintain a firm and steady position. 11 reads tuft's to a considerable extent have come forward without influencing the market, and, if anything, prices have a tendency towards an ad vance. Horse-feed doses firm; a decided inclina tion on the part of dealers to operate more freely in some sorts has imparted a slightly improved feeling to the market. The advance in the rate6 of carriage to the gold-fields lias somewhat interfered with business. Flour.—Imports are -to a fair extent, and prices well supported. Several orders from New Zealand and New South Wales have absorbed parcels of Adelaide and American barrel, while the country demand does not lessen for im ported sorts. Town and country made flour may ue quoted at 171.10s. to IS/.: Tasmanian, 17/. 10s.; Adelaide, IS/, to 18/. 10s.; Magarey's and Hart's, superfine, 10/. 10s. per ton; United States, 40s. to 42s. per barrel. Wheat.—Good milling parcels find buyers at 7s. (id. to 7s. Od.; Adelaide, Ss. per bushel Oats have if anything improved ' in demand and value, and although no great advance can be quoted the feeling is better, and consequently sales more readily effected. Some parcels of foreign oats have changed hands during the week. Quotations arc as, follow:—Scotch and Irish, 2s. 4d. to 3s.; Dutch and Danish, 3s. to 3s. 3d.-; Californian. 3s.4d. to 3s. fid.; colonial, 3s. 9d- to 4s. per bushel. Barley. —Transactions are limited and prices unchanged. Cape finds buyers at 5s. fid. to (is.; English malt ing. 6s. fid. to 7s. fid. per bushel. Maize.—In maize there is little doing; new maize comes slowly to hand, and but in indifferent condition.' Prices range from 5s. 9d. to (is. per bushel. Gram.— Prices are unaltered, quotations being 122. to 121. I us. per toil, at wiucn pncc u. cauuui uc mijiui-wu. , Brail is scarce and much wanted. Prices rule at; Is. 3s. to Is. 4d- per.busheL Oatmeal is getting into increased consumption as the cold weather comes on. Scotch finds buyers at 18/., to 20?.; colonial, at 25/. per ton. Malt.—The exports from England are on tile increase, and it is likely prices will soon be affected. Prime English still fetches 13s. Gd. per bushel. Hay.—Hydraulic-pressed hay is still scarce. No transactions resulting,'no quo tations can be made. Potatoes.—Sound and good potatoes are in demand, and readily bring Su per ton. Onions are slightly improved, and supplies, do not now come so freely to hand. 41, to 4L 10s. can now be obtained for prime samples. Estimated imports of Hour and grain at the Pott of Melbourne from 11th to 17th April, inclusive:— Flour.—South Australian, 411 tons; Tasmanian,: 100 tons; Victorian (coastwise), 20 tons., Wheat. —Sou til Australian, 24,000 bushels; Tasmanian, 9.000 bushels; Victorian (coastwise), 1200 bushels. Oats.—Tasmanian, 7,000 bushels. Maine.—From New South Wales, 6,500 bushels. Gram.—Cal cutta, 50 tons. Bran.—South, Australian, 3,800 bushels; Tasmanian, 1,700 bushels.—Melbourne, 18th April, 1861. Hay Market.—Mr. James Fenton reports:—Our market continues overstocked with an inferior article almost unsaleable; good samples are. scarce, : and meet with ready sale. Quotations are as fol low:—Hay. 4/. 10s. to71.10s.; straw, 2Z. 10s. to 31. - The Armis of the 18th says:— The markets remain precisely as they were last week, in regard to prices at least. Flour is in steady demand, but in small parcels, and good samples of wheat are readily saleable at the highest rates quoted. But millers will have nothing to do'with any samples in the least damaged' by the weather. Far too many of these are now offering, and the sooner the distillation laws are amended the better for the farmers. Good barley and seed oats are in moderate request, and feed oats ate rather more enquired for, but without any improvement in value as yet. The hay market has not been so full during the last day or two, but stall loads of inferior quality are too numerous, and such are disposed of with difficulty. There may bean apparent falling off in the quotation of prices this week, which, however, is to be accounted for .hy the fact that no hay of really first-rate quality was offered, and the highest rates obtained were for second-class loads.' With a failure thus early in the supply of perfectly sound well-got-up hay, it is probable that none at all will be left before the season is half over. : The Adelaide -people do not seem to < think veiy highly of the wheat from there which'took the first prize at the PortPhillipSoeiety'e GrainHbow.- -ft was grown at Mount Barker, and aoldy'through1 an agent, at 10s. a bushel. ho- Mefisrs. W. The si ...... - - Ifl^samewheat **wj^*?sePon'* pr^ airiie.Ade to the bushel, or a pound JftSTthan the weight given by thejudges hew, from whichit is inferred that our bushel measure is not correct; The Judges last year were accused of bring too careful to prevent either shaking or pressing in filling the same measure, and so making the weights of the' prize samples of all kinds of grain appear less than they should have been; while now, if the Adelaide weights are correct, they have erred on the other side. Some of the samples of grain from other parts of this colony were also made to exceed the1, weights given at tlic country shows where these were exhibited, so that all were treated alike; but the blame must not lie thrown on the measure, for this is correct. A very trilling difference in the mode of filling it will make a difference of a pound or two in the weight of its contents, when these consist of wheat. 