TOAVN TALK. It is rumoured that the Ministry have found a Biicccssor to Mr. Ireland in Mr. Thomas Parsons, tho well-known barrister. Tho special ground on which this- seloetion has boon mado is, wo believe, Mr. Parsons's cntiro concuronco in Mr. Ireland's legal opinion upon tho land- occupation licenses recently issued by the Go vernment. A Gaselle extraordinary issued yesterday contains tho proclamation of tho issue ot tho writs for tho forthcoming elections. It will bo found in another column. Tho list oi polling, places is appondod to tlio proclamation, but for this wo havo not room in to-day's isauo. Mr. AA'illiam Nelson M'Cann, a member o tho Town Oouneil of Geelong, is to opposo Mr. J. H. Brooko inAArest Geolong. Mr. Frazor seems tho only candidate at pro sent for Creswiek. A meeting, we obscrvo" was held nt Bnek Crock, on Saturday last, at which ho then declared himsolf. Mr. Oohon addressed a very numerous meeting of tho olectors of East Melbourne last evening, at tho Stork Hotel. Mrjpn took tho chair, and introduced tho canlM who was very well received, and whose'! / mcnts seemed to thoroughly meet withe""1'' probation of his audience. There Wa'C tf' exception however, in tlio person of Cr. Co3| "li" who was clearly actuated by no good-win , wards tho candidate; but tho opposi ' although resulting in a noisy interruption0"! the proceedings, wns, it appears, l,nrm, enough, for a motion by Councillor Cost„l| want of confidence in Mr. Cohen wj"/' begging for a seconder without success ; " / motion, expressive of tho confidence 'of 'a' meeting in Mr. CoIicd, was passed m, mously. Tho Ovens Constitution of Saturday a Bays " Candidates for tho districts herenb ' aro taking tilings very easy, and seem in""' hurry to moot tlioir constituents. For cxan f' n lottor lias been received from |,e '' Francis Murphy, to tho effect Hint lie will "j bo likely- to visit tlio AVnngai-atla elector.!1!! the Murray Boroughs boforo tho day of n00 nation." Mr. Brodribb nddresscd a mimeroudj attended meeting of tho olectors of the disl-j/ of St. Kilda, last ovoning, in tho Prahran T01 Hall. A resolution thnt he was not a fil asj proper person to represent tho constitucc- wns passed by a largo majority. ' Mr. Edgar Ray addressed the electors t; Richmond on Monday evening, rt ile j-, Henry Bnrkly, Punt road. Mr. Xichtj occupied tho chair. Mr. Ray's address ra previously distributed in tho room, y included most of tho subjcctR which ciistc. tbo attention of gentlemen seeking )ar;ai mer.tary lionoure. Tlio chairman, luric, introduced tho candidutc, claimed a hearing, nnd trusted there would be 110 in|ei. l-uption during tho time Mr. Ray uii»l,i p addressing them. Protection, the Land lifi immigration, distillation, education, stntc.#i( law roform, nnd somo minor subjects wen dwelt upon, and tlio ideas expressed by Ray met with tho approbation of those preset! Tlio formal vote of confidence wns uiiimiinouslj carried ; nnd a committoo was formed t, promote Mr. Ray's interests iu tho neighbor;- hood of tho Sir Henry Barkly. Tho 23 allaarat Times understands that mos' of tho land in tlio neighbourhood of Biirrum- beet is taken up under the Orders in Council that is, as wo understand it,' under the 20 acre allotment regulations. Tlio 23endiyo Advertiser hears that If- AArilson Gray is to bo ' brought forward contest Muudurang, but with what truth it knows not. Mr. Isaas owitt is in tho field for let Bourko. nis address wi'l bo found in cs.- 1 columns of this duy. About two hundred of tho Richmond I alcctors'assemblcd, last evening, at tlio Railmjl hotel, Swan street, to hear from Mr. Edward I Hill an exposition of his political views, hi being a candidato for their suffrages in tkl forthcoming election. Mr. Hi'l stated hiil views at Bomo length, upon tlio principB topics of tho day, nnd aftor recoiving a potisitH hearing, a vote that he was a fit and propiK person, etc., was carried. B The Central Elections Committee held a kr»B meeting in the Princo of AYales Theatre lisl evening. It was called for tho purpose 4K submitting a progrnmmo of political prineiplsp to bo adopted at tho coming elections, soast - sccuro a liberal majority iu (ho House o i Assembly. It nppcars, however, that tl £ Ministerial programme is more liberal than ere K that proposed to ho Bubmittod by tho c® | mittcc, and as such it was adopted. Ar (fcj of the proceedings will bo found in osi.- column. ' This is from yesterday's 23allaarat State- I- " Air. HumfiVoy'8 committee mot last erciq at tho North Grant Hotel, Dr. Hobson in lb '/ ehair. A requisition, nicely written in srj 4 bad grammar upon vellum, and signed b t" betweon 800 and 9C0 electors, was laid ops ' the table, pledg-'ng the subscribers to use trq / legitimate means to procure Mr. Hurafirui ? : return.' Tho business done was merely rout- ; except the arranging for tho immediate trii mission to town of tlio requisition, winch m if practicable, to bo entrusted to somo genh ; man proceeding to Melbourne." At tho adjourned extraordinary mcctim: f tho shareholders of the Melboumo und So . urban Railway Company, held ycslcrdir, i p. report wns brought up by tho directors c tlio committoo of shareholders, rccoramenia p tho formation of an association to aub-ra L100,000 for paying off tho liabilities of a company, and for finishing tho line to a j- satisfaction of tlio Government — the rail , : to bo worked (for three years) " for the bench i of tho subscribers under such conditions ; may bo arranged botween them and the dim .. tors." Tlio report was unanimously adoplfl j Eull particulars appear in a subsequent colas, t- : The Exploration Committeo met again res i lei-day afternoon. His Excellency suhniilld ; an extract from a letter ho lied received tic Mr. Mayne , of Sydnoy, respecting tho omtw 1. 1 ments for tho despatch of Mr. AFnlket spirt: A series of resolutions on tbo subject wcrelh. ; .. , submitted by Dr. Wilkio, tho first of nLA \ was agreed to without discussion. A length"-- I. and irregular discussion then took plncooni . .. sacond, wliioh resulted iu a determination s, ( postpono it and all tho others till nest if ; with the view of further information on tl j subject to which tlio second resolution refc, j being obtained. Mr. AVriglit'e diary, » "3 k- 4 of which will bo found in anothor portion t l.< this paper, was then brought forward, hu M also postponed, as well as other bu=iue=., t- next day. ; i Tho fourth quarterly report of the On: . J Bathing Company appears iu our ndrcrtif-f columns, and presents a cheerful contra ; j tho gloomy experience of somo of our ostentatious associations. From it ne » that tlio number of visitors to tho tJ' ,--5 ment for the past year was, — Turkish 1931 j warm, 1533 ; plunge, 1 Turkish bnthora having increased ncarlvl i fold botween tho first and last qnw a> . ladies. and infants having largely nugrar -tho total. A dividend of five per cent. or \t quarter, making twenty for tho year, _ V olared, and L.211 4s. 3d. carried to ; ; fund. In such a lucky company ' 10 holders may woll ho congratulated up311 on swimmingly ! - Tho jurors summoned for tlio Cn sittings to-morrow will not ho Wl11"1 f attond. See advertisement. .f Yesterday's Ballaarat Times docs a very flattering account of Mr' __«) ||f electioneering progress. This is |(S meeting took place on Monday evenm, Tomperanco Hall, in Humffray street, , p suance of an advertisement, for the Pu forming a committeo to insuro the c,tC . Mr. John Cathie. Tho attendance || iugiy spavso ; only about a dozen pc'-® j || present. The following gentlemen c &f;| Mitchel', M'Kcnztc, Allen, Phillips, 2y Norman, Tredinncck, Coini, Drench Awards, and Captain Osborne. Mr.' Haines was appointed secretary." At tlio District Court yesterday, tho pro- t01. of tlio Lavater Phrenological nnd Physiological establishment, in Swanstonstrcot, inoned a Mr. John Frost for breaking his """dow. 16 appeared that Frost had seen liis character writ ten in largo letters stuck up in (lie window, and not feeling flattered, smashed tlio window nnd defaced tlio obnoxious chareo- tcr Mr. Haokctt dismissed tho case, nnd told tho complainant that ho might think himself lucky flint ho hnd not- got his head broken instead of his window. The Ballaarat Times is informed (lint a jinlf working share in tho Danish Quartz Mining Company changed hands on Monday forL135. IVo havo papora from Sydney to tlio 12th instant, and from Queensland to tho 10th nstant, but tho news Iiqb been anticipated. Tlio Ballaarat Times quotes tho following from tho Ballaarat correspondent of tlie Gee- join/ Advertiser, with refercnco to tho election for Bnllanrat : — " Mr. Humffrny's friends have mode a fnlso inovo by attempting to pooh-pooh Mr. Cathie. Mr. Cathie has certainly tho fault of a propensity to becomo ridiculous, but ho. is TOO" strong yet in Ballaarat East, and his friends speak of his return as a certainty. Unquestionably tho attitude assnmod by a certain section of Mr. Humffrny's friends is just the very thing to help towards Cathie's election. . Mr. Humffrny must, of all things in Iho world, beware of throwing stones at others. His own lio'iiso is so uncommonly brittle that ho will have enough to do to keep it from daningo by weather alone, nnd must not drew upon it tho further peril of hostile Rings from Uioeo who might ho content to leavo him alono if ho would pursuo a noil- offensive policy. His friends are hnwking about a requisition, asking him to consent to bo puj in nomination. Rather nn unnecessary thing, seeing thnt it is vory well known that ho would consent to bo put in nomination, oven though there were a dozen requisitions praying him not to do bo. Catliio is all right with tho protectionists, and will probably get in on iho shoulders of thom and tho teetotallers. The tussle will be between Humffrny and Somple. Dyto is said to bo backing out ; others say lio is winning himself in on tho quiet. Bell hnB made no further sign. Gibbs lias retired. In Ballaarat "West things remain quite quiet. Mr. Smith and Mr. Gillies seem likely to havo a comfortable walkover. Yalo was talked about. Ho lias mndo a little fame in'spcechification at public meetings, and in tho discussion class at tho Mechanics' Instituto, nnd it jwns thought ho meant to cbmo forward, but ho still keeps himself dark." Wo liavo Capo papers to tlio 6th of May, The eighth session of tho Colonial Parliament "WQ8 OpCnCCl on tuo Uiu ui axjjiii, uuu uiu j.ui- lowing is tho reply to tho Governor's speech on tho subject of immigration : — " Its vital im portance will receive tho most careful delibera tion when tho question of revising tho present scheme is submitted to us, such a measure being felt to bo of tho greatest moment to this colony ; the more particularly so, ai tlio system pursued at present has caused very consider able dissatisfaction in various quarters." "Wo see nothing else worth extracting. Tho Clunes correspondent of tho Ballaarat Star writes : — " Tho rains, which set in on Saturday midnight, nnd continued uninter ruptedly till about six o'clock on Sunday craning, -liavo caused tho creek to rise to an unusual height. It lias not been bo high for five years before, thus a liability, is apparent of great damngo to residents on tlio flat, should wo bo Tisitcd with but two or tlirco days' constant rain. Suoli an event is by no means improbable, nnd when .wo boo what twenty hours' rain will do, it is evident that damago of a terrible character would ensue. Our correspondent says ho saw houses situated on. low ground surrounded by water. The inha bitants displayed much anxiety foi tlicir safety. It is feared that tho folly of squatting in such low ground will ho ono day sorrowfully exem plified. Tho largo dam, howovor, is quite safe." - . Dr. Candler, tho district coroner, hold on inquest yesterday, at the Ynrra Bend Lunatic Asylum, on tho body of Franois William Perry, who died on the 14th instant from pulmonary consumption. Deceased was admitted on tho 17th of Juno last. Tho jury returned nn appropriate verdict. At tho East Collingwood Polico Court, yesterday, Ellon Gleeson was charged with attempting to murder lior child, a pretty little girl of eight years old, by cutting her throat with a razor. Tho deed was a most doliberato one, and tlio prisoner had well nigli accom plished hor purpose. Sho excused herself on tlio ground that sho did not know what bIio wns doing at tho timo. Tho Bench committed her for trial. A report of the caso will bo found in another column. Tlio lecture this evening at tho Mechanics' Institution will be given by Dr. Owons, on tho " Phenomena of Sloop, Dreams, and Mental Hallucinations." " Tbo Dead Heart," a drama from tho pen of Mr. Watts Phillips, and originally produced at tho Adelphi Theatre, was presented for tho first timo in Melbourne at tho Princess' last night, tho entertainments being for tho benefit of Mr.H. Edwards. Tho piece lias few claims to originality, the chief incidents having apparently been borrowed from the " Tnlo of Two Cities," wliilo tlie residuum is directly traceable to tbo " Count of Monte Christo." It is however well constructed, tho dialogue ia not deficient in poetic vigour, and the historio colouring is judiciously treated. Mr. Edwards was vory successful us Robert Landry, a released pri soner of tlio Bastille, who, rising to oivio honours under the Republic, employs his power to destroy his private enemies, and cven- tuolly, like his prototype in Diokens' novel, sacrifices himself to savo tho husband of tho woman lio loves. Tho part of tho Abbe Lutour, a oharncter half cynic, half stoio, and wholly scoundrel, was acted by Mr. Fawcctt with consistent sang froid, nnd in liis hands presented tlio "strong contrast to tho lioro that 'ho author intended Bliould be produced. A local farco entitled "A Trip to Geelong," written by Mr. E, Geoghegen, in which an opportunity is given to Mr. Stowart of imita. t'ng tlio professional peculiarities of various popular thrcatrioal favourites, concluded tlie performances. Tho house was woll attondod, and the audience appeared highly satisfied. At tlio Theatre Royal last night " Dor Erciscliutz" was again represented with Midi" ainised bucccss. To-night " II Trovotoro" will a performed, " La Conorentola" being reserved for Thursday. Another Whale. — Tho winding party hero avo this day killed another whale — tlio fourth wis season. It was killed close to' the old Gva'rir W aou'i feet long.— Portland 