Had Mr DUFFY, when enunciating the land policy of the Ministry, been less prone to boasting, he might have spared himself and his friends infinite trouble. lie seemed to imagine that the Land 13ill before him would completely take the wind from the Opposition sails. The real object of himself and his friends was to save the squatters from the hands of the Phillistines, and ho thought to accomplish the objcct as much by the assistance ot tue Convention as ot the squatters themselves. Having himself gone from free grass to no grass at all, he presumed that he could so far work ou_ the prejudices and sympathies of his old friends of the Corner, as to obtain, through their hostility to any compromise, a renewal of the squatting tenure. Could Mr D urn' have foreseen the position the party holding extreme views on this question would have taken, he would either have succeeded in modifying the Ministerial policy towards the squatters, or he would have retired with the view of executing manoeuvres in another direction. From the surprise mani fested by Mr Wilson Gray, on hearing that the late Ministiy intended to subdivide the runs, he believed a fusion of the two parties in opposition to be impossible. He was unde ceived when it was too late to retrace his steps, and he now finds himself exposed to a united aiid powerful Opposition, as well as to a strong antagonistic party on the Minis terial side. Before glancing at tho details of the mea sure, as we had them from Mr Duffy him self yesterday evening, we may as well re mind the public, aud perhaps the lion, gentleman ? himself, of his views on the squatting question when invited to join the Nicholson Administration two years ago. As preliminary to farther negotiation, he drew up a me morandum containing the following clause : — ' That the squatting tenure shall terminate 'in 1861, the future use of the public ' grasses to be provided for in a separate ' bill, the opinion of the members of the ' Liberal party joining the Government be ' ing that all exclusive right of occupation ' 'should then terminate, but that the use of ' the grasses may be subject to assessment.' On these terms Messrs'. IS ichotisox and Wood were content to accept Mr Duffy as their colleague ; and the negotiation was only ? broken off because the latter was not allowed to introduce three of his friends into the Cabinet. At the end ef 1SG1 Mr Duffy presents himself as the advocate for the prolongation of the squatting tenure ! The speech of the hon. gentleman, in introducing the bill, was but a repetition of that delivered at Ceres, and bad as his case is, he certainly did not do him'self justice. Laboring under the im pression that his position was indisputable, or perhaps — if the situation is possible to him — conscience stricken, his statement was slovenly, illogical, and frequently contradic tory. Beginning with the agricultural lands, he detailed the proposed method of sale, and the precautions the Government have taken to prevent the operations of monopolists. The most important of them seems to be a 'declaration to be made by the selector that he is purchasing on his own behalf, and with the intention of re siding on and cultivating his allotment. A further restriction is that a certain propor tion of the land must be cultivated within twelve months after the purchase is com pleted. In the event of competition for the same section, the preference is to be ob tained by lot. The number and com plicated character of the restrictions imposed aro sufficient evidence of the artificial cha racter of the scheme. Free selection fully conceded can alone ward off the encroach- ' ments of the squatters, aud as Mr Duffy's remedies for the evil do not lie in this direc tion, we must regard them as futile. The promised ten millions of acres surveyed for selection is simply a lioax. Instead of ten millions being tho quantity over which the right of selection, will extend, there will never be more than four, scarcely ever ex ceeding two,' Mr Duffy promises 'to have four millions 'of acres surveyed within three months, but lie can afford 110 information as to when the remainder will be ready for sale. We presume that the Survey Office has for the last twelve months been engaged bring ing the quantity of surveyed land up to the requirements of the Nicholson Land Bill. If yet three months are required for the com pletion of the first survey of four mil lions, when, may wo ask, will _ the other six be subject to boundary lines? But the most unsatisfactory part of the hon. gentleman's statement is that which has re ference to the pastoral lands, and here he seems to have been driven to the abandon* ment of all regard for either logic or truth fulness. For instance, ho asserts that the squatters' runs are already subdivided as far as i3 desirable, inasmuch as nearly one-third of them are carrying less than 4000 sheep. Is it not notorious that the runs arc under stocked, and that the returns are systemati cally falsified in order to evade the assess ment ? Again, Mr Duffy asks with appa rent sincerity, what would be the conse quence of leaving the squatters -without licenses while the land question is under consideration ? Their runs, he says, might be taken possession of by any one. Does Mr Duffy, a lawyer, put forward this as a valid argument, or is he presuming on the ignorance of the Assembly ? lie knows well enough that the squatters could remain , in possession without licenses, and hold their ^ ? *' ^ ' runs against all comers until the Crown issued new grants. But in the opinion of the hon. member for Villiers and Ileytcsbury, the subdivision of the runs is simply an impossibility. They could not be surveyed for subdivision in a less period than three years ! Compare this with the statement in reference to^ the survey of agricultural lands. If the division' of twenty-four millions of acrcs into blocks varying from one thousand to ten thousand acres is to be the work of three years, how long will it take to survey ten_ millions of acrcs scattered over various portions of the colony in sections of from^ eighty ta six hundred aad forty acrcs ? But Mr Dufft has a reserve of thirteen millions of acres, which he proposes to hand over to those who clamor for small squattages. Like the agriculturists, the small squatters must: not intrude on tho holdings of the present tenants. The old and valuable runs are to remain as they are, and in the hands of those who at present monopolise them, but the new squatter may have a 1'cw thousand acres out of the 'thirteen millions re served for the purpose. Is it asked the kind of country which is to be thrown open for their occupancy ? That which all the squatters who have gone before have re fused to take up! Thirteen millions of acres in the heart of Gipps Land and else where, which the hon. gentleman admits are useless for any purpose unless by the expen diture of a considerable sum of money. We see no reason to alter our opinion re garding the Bill. It docs not provide fo* the termination of the squatters' tenure at the end of 1861, and therefore it ought not to be entertained. It is only necessary for the measure to be placed before the country to secure its universal condemnation, and to show how far Mr Duffy lias receded from ' the views expressed in his minute of No vember 1859. Tim Registrar-General's annual volume of the statistics of the colony is now before us. Tho returns arc for the year 1860, and though they present no striking or startling contrasts to those of the previous year, their main features, sufficiently indicate that we have not been progressing. We have a re petition of the tokens of a gradual decline in the falling off of ocean immigration, and the augmented list of persons leaving us, in the lessening of the gold yield, and the decrease in the general value of exports, and even in the fact of a reduced total of marriages, notwithstanding an en largement of population. The immigration by sea in 1860 amounted to 29,037, and the exodus to 21,689 ; while in 1859 the arrivals numbered 30,583, and the departures 19,418. Assisted or Government immigrants make up only a slight fraction of the numbers in either year. The population of the colony at the close of 18G0 we find set down as 548,412; and at the close of 1859, 03 530,260. . The increase had a tendency to wards an equalisation of the sexes. The total of males in 1860 reached 342,765, and of females 205,647 ; while in the preceding year the proportion was, males 335,708, and females 194,554. It is worthy of remark that there has been a more noticeable increase in the aggregate- of deaths tliau of births. The return of births foe 1860 is 22,863, against 22,092 in 185?, while the deaths have been respectively 12,061 and 9469. And it is to be reason ably apprehended that a disproportioned . mortality may be only more decidedly ex hibited in subsequent statistics, if the want of sewers and other sanitary arrangements continues to be a grievous evil of our towns. As to marriages, the decrease was from from 47G9 in 1859 to 4351 last year; and slight as the difference is, it is significant. The lapse of years has not made us more domestic. The unsettled nomadic feeling with which the Victorian resident regards his ' adopted country,' is only the counter part and local edition of the estimate enter tained of the colony by the emigrating population of Europe. While we have not been presenting to the stranger the attraction of a home and a foothold on the soil, our gold at traction has been gradually losing its lustre. The gold brought down by Government escort in 1S60 had fallen to 2,008,843 ounces, from 2,202,012, the quantity during the year before ; while the total v.ilue of our exports fell in the same period from £13,867,859 to £12,962,704. The corre sponding decline in imports was from £15,622,891 to £15,093,730 at the close of 1860\. The improved intelligence exhibited by our agriculturists in raising crops and supplying the market, helped to contribute to this last fact. Wo find that there was little difference in the number of holders of purchased land in the two years we are comparing, but we see that much more breadstuff was grown during tho latter .year, and our farmers have been gradually bestow ing more attention on the raising of fruits, vegetables and butter, for which we were so long almost entirely dependent on the neighboring colonies and more distant countries. For the year ending March. 1861,- we find the holders of purchased y land set down as 13,653, while in the year ending with the previous March, they were 13,175. The extent of their holdings was respectively 3,517,033.}- acres, and 3,015,607*. ' Of this purchased land only a very small proportion was under tillage, namely, at the latter data . 419,380 acres against 358,727 at the former one. Of this tilled laud tho quantity under wheat had been increased from 107,092 acres to 161,251. There was a slight decline in the area under oats, hay, and potatoes, but an increase in that under ' green crops,' from 39,746 to 47;556 acres. The quantity of ' permanent artificial grasses' wfis doubled, and the total ' green forage' area was en larged from 10,350 to 17,660 acres. We also perceive that though there was somewhat less land' under oats and hay during tho lat ter year, the aggregate produce of both crops was nevertheless greater. The culture of the grape and of other fruits progressed during the period. Vineyards enlarged from 811 to 1138 acres, orchards from G76 to 1576, 'gardens' from 5210 acres to 5722\. The number of vines, which was 1,896,939 in 1859, was 2,838,114 in. 1860; but our vig'nerons seem to have sold more fruit and made less wine last year. They sent to market nearly double the quantity of fruit, and produced only 11,612 gallons of wine against 13,906 in 1859. The removal of all obstacles to the general sale of colo nial wine would at the same time promote temperate habits among the '.people and wonderfully advance this most .lucrative - branch of agricultural industry. From the returns we have glanced at it will be seeu that our limited agricultural population exhibits a marked improvement in turning to account tlio opportunities and prelimina ries of our soil aud climate, alul iu more skilfully catering for- the requirements of ihe market. Cereals, liay and potatoes are no longer the sole crops cultivated by the Victorian farmer. Even three or four years have introduced a most important change in this respect. The quantity of live stock in the colony during the two years we arc comparing, wo find to have been as fol lows : — Horses, ctottle'* Pigs. Sheep. 1860 .... 7-3,536 716.33*2 61,259 5,780,896 1869 .... 69,233 6S3.534 50,965 5,794,127 Nearly all the sheep, and of the horned cattlc 498,069 head, were in I860 on land attached to stations. In 1859 the number of black cattle in the squatters' possession was 495,290 head. . There was a very decided increase of in solvency in 1860. The list of insolvents comprised 1373 names, their liabilities reached £1,280,742, and the amount of assets £766,314. In 1859 their number was 956, their liabilities were £1,109,587, and their assets £648,105. As some set off to these disagreeable figures, we learn that there was no decline iu the aggregate of depositors aiul of their deposits in the Savings' Banks, but on the contrary some augmentation. In the year closing 30th June, 1860, the number of depositors' ac counts opened was 6669, against 6368 the previous year; the amount of deposits was £375,020 against £373,713: and tho sum of depositors' balances at the close of the year was £484,500 against £468,778 iu 1859\. There is likewise an improvement in the comparison of Supreme Court con victions. In 1859 the convictions were 582, arid there were six criminals executed ; in the following jrear the convictions were re duced to 416, and the criminals executed were three, The various buildings for public worship throughout the colony con tained accommodation for 149,380 persons. Among miscellaneous items of informa tion we may add that the increase of popu lation appears to have been principally in this gold fields districts. The gold fields census was 201,422 in 1859, and iu I860 224,977. There was a slight diminution in the number of Chinese, — from 26,044 in the former year to 24,886 in the latter. .Of the foreign vessels entering Victorian ports the great majority were under the stars and stripes. We find that there were 108 United States ships ; German come next, and including those classed under the separate heads of Hanoverian and Ilanseatic, their number was 49. There were 18 Swedish and 17 Dutch, 12 entered under the French and the same number under the Danish flag. The British vessels were 525, and the colo nial 1064. Under the head of 'manufac- ' tories, works, &c.;,' exclusive of machinery used in mining, we see that 4862 males and 25 females were thus employed iu I860. In Mel bourne and Geelong and within the counties of Bourke and Grant there were 1 7 breweries, 7 tanneries, 20 coach factories, 17 brick- yards, 13 agricultural implement manufac- tories, 11 iron and brass founderies, 6 ship ' and boat building yards, besides a sugar refinery and distillery, a railway- carriage manufactory, and a woollen-flock manu- factory. ____________ IN THE LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY last evening the Speaker took the chair at twenty-six minutes past four o'clock. A number of new notices of motion were given, and questions answered. Mr O'Shanassy, in replytoMrVERDON, said that the amount of debentures of the colonial issue taken up in the various districts, under the arrange ments mado by the late Government, was £22,000. Mr Wood obtained leave to bring in a hill to re move doubts as to the construction of certain Acts of the Legislature, and the legality v of the- proceedings taken under such Acts. The Acts alluded to were, the Officials in Parliament Act. and the Act constituting the Board of Land and Works. Mr Duffy then rose to move for leave to intro duce a Bill to regulate the Sale and Occupation of Crown Lands. The hon. member stated that out of the area of 55,000,000 of ucres, which was the extent of the colony, four millions and a half had. been alienated from the Crown, one million and a half had been granted for commonages, another million and a half would be required for the same purpose, and tho area occupied by. ?the gold-fields was under half a million, making in all seven millions and a half -which, he said, were occupied in the most pro ductive manner. There were 13,000,000 which ?were absolutely unproductive and brought no revenue at all. The other 35,000,000 were at present occupied for pastoral purposes, and yielded nn annual revenue of a quarter of a mil lion sterling; of this quantity 10,000,008 of acres was said to be good agricultural land. These it was the intention of the Govern ment to reserve for the absolute settler. Within three months of the passing of the bill, four ..millions out of these ton millions of aires ?would be open for occupation, each settler ob ? taming his farm by lot instead of by auction, at £1 per acre, and paying the purchase money for half the area selected in cash, and renting the other portion at 2s 6d per acre per annum, which rental, however, would go towards paying for the land, so that at the end of eight years the occu pant would become the actual proprietor. As soon as one-fourth of any district was taken . up in this manner the remainder could be thrown open to the settlers, as pasturago for their cattlu. .The hon. member then went 011 to describe at some length the manlier in which the Govern ment 'proposed to guard against the land being taken iip by mere speculators. The Government did not propose to subdivide the present squat ting -runs, as it would take from U,-o to three years to do it. He thought also that less ? than one-fourth of the runs , re quired subdividing. The Government ini ended to hauo the runs valued and to charge a rental instead of a license-fee, according to their stock-bearing capabilities. The new tenure or right of occupation it was proposed to give the squatter would not, however, enable him to oc cupy the land as against any other lease or license issued bj- the Government. The 13,000,000 acres he had alluded to us entirely unprofitable, lay principally i'i Gipps Land and in the Wimmera districts. This land, he thought, might be divided into about 800 runs, and then let, when they would bring in from .£10,000 to £50,000 per an num. He . woulu give the lessees of this new couiitry a tenuro, securing to them compensation for improvements made by them, such as fences and the formation of reservoirs. One-tenth of the value' of these improvements would, however, be deducted every year, so that *man giving up his run at tho expiration of five years would only receive half of th(/ cost of such works. The lion, member then concluded his re marks by attacking the occupation licenses, and contending that they had failed to answer the end for which they were intended. Mr Bbooke supposed the House would agree to the first reading of the measure, but he entirely dissented from many of the statements made by the hon. member, and would like to bo supplied with the data upon which such statements were made. Mr Duffy ?would give the data if asked for in thefcusual way. Mr Poor expressed his views upon the proposed bill, and stated that, if carried in its present shape, it would prove most disas trous to the country. Mr Gray could not regard the bill as disclosing aught but a total surrender of principleaCon the part of the hon. member Mr D«kty. I11 New South Wales the principle of ftee seledSon before survey had been adopted in the - fapE of much greater difficulties than had to'be encountered here, and he was not pre pared to abandon this and other principles of great importance for the one solo concession the hon.- member had secured, the change of limited «ttdtioa for lot. In the new measure he noticed that free selection before survey was abancLonad,. payment of half the purchase money in c.i9h -was required, and districts were not to be thrown cpen for pasturage until one-fourth of the land had been taken up. In neither of the-.e instances was there any advantage ofFe; ed which the Nicholson Land Bill did not 'give. The Ministry had placarded the walls of the city, shortly before the elections, .with an ad dress, issuing from the hon. memb;r Mr Duffy, promising free selection over ten million of acres ; but it seemed now that only four million of acres were to be surveyed at first, and afterwards the quantity open for selection was to be al lowed to drop to two millions. In fact, it seemed that the measure was to restrict the advantages of the Nicholson Land Bill, to ten million of acres, and hand over the rest of the colony to the squatters. He adverted also to the arrangement by which the selection of the agricul tural lands was left iu the hands of the Sur veyor- General, and inquired what connexion that gentleman had with]thesquatting'firm of Ligar and Glass ? He regarded the proposition of the Go vernment to hand over twenty-five millions of acres to the squatters with great disfavor, not because he wished to increase the number of that class by any subdivision of the runs, but because the land was thereby secured from the choice of the free selector. After vindicating the conduct of Mr Brooke in granting leases to the discoverers of new country, &c.;,lie said that the country had been deceived by the man it hoped most from; but still he did not believe it would be deluded into accepting the bill in its present form. Mr Sh-ot-oi-.A8S twitted Mr Brooke with promising the squatters, wheninoftice, 'great advantages — much beyond a seven years tc-nurc ;' to which the ex President of the Board of Land and Works replied, that he had never done more than say that, if the occupation licenses were not objected to, there would be no objection to a continuation of the squatting tenure. Mr IIeaxks defended his late colleague from the imputations of Mr Duffy, relative to his issue of new squatting licenses, by showing that they were only issued in compliance with the ordinary rules of the Department — which Mr Brooke 'had no power to gainsay — for unoccupied runs, and with the special condition that they should terminate with the present year. Mr M'Lei.lan supported Mr Gray's opinion, that it was not safe to entrust a squatting Sur veyor-General with authority to say where areas fhould bo laid out for free selection, and where not. He objected, too, to the slowness ef the survey promised. Mr Beiiky elici'.ed from Mr Duffy that his bill wa3 not intended to meddle with special lands, but only to deal with I agricnltural country lands as specified by Mr Skene in his report, and ' proclaimed by Mr Brooke as open for occupation licenses' ; and secondly, to deal with the pastoral lands of the colony. In the course of his remarks, Mr Berry designated the renewal of the squatting tenure as a robbery 011 the country. Mr O'Shanassy accused the party with which the hon. member (Mr Berry) was connected with making the land question a mere political cry, and being afraid lest an equitable settlement of the subject should deprive them of that cry ; and accused the Opposition members generally with being actuated by a sense of animosity against the present Government for not pledging themselves to introduce payment of members. Pressed by the inquiries of Mr Gray and Mr M'Lellan as to the propriety of suffering a squatting Surveyor General to manipulate the areas intended for free selection, he stated that with tho proposed bill would be scheduled ja plan showing (beyond power of subsequent alteration) the colored areas, in which survey and selection should progress. After endeavoring to fix on the hon. member for Bodney the charge of inconsistency, Mr O'Sha nassy said there was another fallacy into which hon. members were often falling by the little assumption that the squatter tenure ceases in the year 1601.- But he denied that any legal argument had ever been offered in that House to prove the assumption. In New South Wales squatting leases issued in 1852 were to run on to the year 1866 ; and he asked what was the difference, so far as the law was concerned, between this colony and New South Walrs. As the best wav to get over the difficulty he proposed that the Orders in Council under which tho squatter3 had acquired equitable rights should be abolished, by giving them other equitable rights under a new tenure to be now decided upon. If not, he aBked what was to be done with squatting, — with the five and a half millions of sheep and all the cattle in the country? In the course of further remarks he explained that with four million acres to start with, and two millions acres kept in ad vance, there would soon be six million acres sur veyed ; in the course of a year and a half or two years, the whole ten millions would be surveyed and ready for selection. Ho wound up with a general appeal to settle the question in a fair, honorable, and equitable spirit, and nofflSjtits perpetual agitation to lower the general tone of legislation, and the credit of the couutry at home and abroad. Mr Ramsay denied that the people had lost faith in the occupation licenses, a3 stated by Mr O'Shaxassy, and said that he, as one of the people, with many others, believed in them as much as ever he had done. Leave was then given to bring in the bill, it wis brought in, read a fiist time, and Wednesday, the fifteenth of January, appointed for its second reading. On tho motion of Mr O'Shanassy, who stated that the new Land Bill contained^ 5 clauses, it was agreed that the House at its rising on Friday do adjourn to Tuesday, the ltth of January next. A motisn by Mr Gillies for a select committee to inquire into the claims of the Pree Church of Scotland to a part, with tho Presbyte rian Church of Victoria, in the joint management of the Scotch College, was uegatived, after a somewhat lengthened discussion, by a majority of 25 to 19 ; and, at twenty minutes to twelve, the House adjourned to four o'clock this after noon. 