SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Tho now Parliament met on the 30th tilt., for the despatch of business. The Governor's fpeech to tho two Houses was a long and elaborate apology for the Healcs Administration, oouohed in the same spirit as his concluding address to the late Assembly. The principal points of policy announced as the subjects for future legislation correspond with the Ministerial programme, os laid beforo tho country at the elections. In this respect Mr. líenles has been strictly obedient to the influences whioh have sent him back to the House with a majority pledged to do his behosts. The Governor was made to utter an excuse for the admitted illegality of the issue of occupation licences, on the plea of tho success which has attended this measure of " necessity and expediency." Out of an obscure clause in the Land Sales Aot, intended solely to afford facilities for the prosecu- tion of certain industries at the gold- fields for tho general benefit of the residents, ïïis Excellency, through Mr. Brooke, his Minister, has announced the creathn of " tho most liberal land system in the Australian ooloniea"-afeat which has hitherto been t jo much for all our constituted legislativo authoritief, with a two-house power of Parliament, since tho beginning of responsible go- vernment. His Escellenoy's speech con- tained also pledges more or lcs3 distinot in favour of payment of members, of protection to native industry, of reform of tbe Upper House, and cf the reduc- tion of tho export duty on gold. j Tho address, in reply to tho speech, was carried without resistance in tho Assembly. The majority at tho com- mand of Mr. Healcs was felt by the Opposition to ho too strong in numbers and too new in their alle- giance, to justify any struggle boing risked at this early stage of the conflict. Although not nearly corre- sponding with the great expectations entertained by Ministers during the elections, and with the pacrißces made of every principle which could stand in the way of their popularity with tho ultra-democrats, the numbors on tho Government benches still showed a nu nicrioal superiority so decided as to place' the issue of any immediate contest be- yond a doubt. Mr. O'shanassy, there- fore, on behalf of the Opposition, con- tented himself with merely uttering a protest against tho conduct of Ministers and their polioy, as enunciated in the Vice-repal speech. The Upper House, however, in which scarcely a single advooatc of tho ïïeales Ministry is to be found, lost no time in recording its senfc of tho policy of His jiixccuenoy s advisers. It protested, in language not too emphatic for the occa- sion, against the breach of the law and the Constitution perpetrated by the Ministry in the matter of tho occupa- tion licences, and justified in His Ex- cellence's specoh. It resented tho out rago paid to itself in being offered a congratulation on tho very act against which it had formally protested by a large majority ; and it refused, very na- turally, to confirm by its voico the opinion entertained by Ministers of the " defects" in its constitution. Thesession,thusinauspiciously opened, promises to be a troubled and busy one. The Ministry has but a very small ma- jority on which it can confidently rely, and tho forces on cither side are so evenly | matched, that three or four members who claim to be " independents" bavo virtually the command of tho situation. On two great occasions, tho influence of tho independents has served to give a decisive character to the struggle. On the 10th inst., Mr. O'shanassy brought forward a motion relating to the finan- cial affairs of the colony, requiring Ministers to lay thtir Estimates before the House without delay. After a long and animated discussion, in tho course of whioh Mr. Verdon, tho Treasurer, took the opportunity of laying before the country a statement of tho financial condition and prospects of the current year, the Ministry acceded to an amend- ment proposed by a member on the cross I benches, pledging itself to produce tho i Estimates by the 1-ith of October. On the 13th inst., Mr. Duffy brought I forward his motion, condemning the I lawless and unconstitutional conduct of the Government in tho issuo ol the occupation licences, contrary te the letter and spirit of the Lane Sales Act, and without tho authority of either the Pailiamcnt or the Go vernor. In a speech of unusual powe: and brilliancy, the member for Villicn and Heytesbury, himself one of th earliest and most consistent of our lam reformers, contended that the Lap« Sales Act gave no authority to th Minister to issuo the occupation licences and that tho contempt of law in their issue was aggravated by tho circum- stances that tbo proulamations wero set forth immediately on the evo oí 'he assembling of Pailiamcnt and with- out tho warrant of the Goverr.or in Council. The defenco raised by the Ministry rested almost entirely on ! two legal opinious on tho con stvue lion of the 68th clause of tho LaDd Sales Act-one by its own Attor.ncy- Gcncral, and another by a lo'gal gentleman rcmarkablo for the eccentricity and audacity of his or'inions in general. The debate waa permitted so far to wauder from t'fle question that the policy of the occupition licences was enlarged upo*-., by the Government mem- bers, aa a Treasure necessary for the set- tlement -of the people on tho land?, j-hc Minister whoso conduct was ohieflv impugned-Mr. Brooke, tho Presiden) of %ha Boaid of Land and Works | ~ -made uso of language in his OWE justification, the tenor of whioh it i; charitable to believe ho did not him self understand, ne argued, in almos' express terms, that the licences, al though illegal, ought to bo continued t beoause the. people wished their con- tinuance. He defied . an7 future Govern- ment to undo what hi * had done ; and declared that physical fpxoo would bo necessary for Buch a ooropU "*e vindication of tho law as tho House m. 'ghfc require.. Tho Chief-Secretary him self (Mr. Heales) defended the resort to *ho occu- pation licences by a plea wh.'ch com- pletely nullified the argument in favour of their legality. Ht' in- sisted that no liberal land mci sure could be expected to pass tho two branches of the Legislature, and, there- fore, that tho scheme of the occupation licences was necessary as a fulcrum by which to move the Upper House. After a debato lasuing over a week, in the course of which the weight of law and reason was entirely against the Minis- terial policy, an amendment, proposed by Mr. Johnston, the member for St. Kilda, and ncccpted by the Opposition in lieu of the original motion, was nega- tived by a majority of 37 to 33-tho Ministry having so far yielded to the {iressuro as to promise that an amended and bill should bo introduced as speedily as possible. The question involved in the issue of the occupation licences is one which can- not be explained in a few words to those unacquainted with tho circumstances of the colony, and with tho history of the land reform movement. The scheme, according to the two proclamations of tho 23rd May and 2Sth August, aims at a thorough reversal of all present systems of land tenure, and if carried out will undoubtedly lead to a very general depreciation of pro- perty throughout tho country, as well as to a general sense of distrust in the law and the institutions, of Victoria. Limited by tho resolutions imposed by Mr. Brooke, it is probable that the occupation licences in their actual ope- ration, will bo less injurious than has been supposed. They will certainly be less prejudicial to the interests of tho squat- ters/ who, by a time-honoured tradition, are believed to bo the obstructors of all that is good and liberal in our legisla- tion, than to those of the existing class of freeholders. Under the present re- gulations, liberty is given to any man to take up 160 acres for agricultural pur- poses, at a rent of half-a-crown an acre, upon such tenure as the President of the Board of Land and Works can give in his own name, without Parliament or Governor. Those ambitious of sharing in the ad- vantages of this, " the most liberal land scheme in'; the Australian colonie?," in the phrase of its inventor, will do well, before committing themselves to a voyage to Victoria, to remember that the tenure offered is one entirely illusory; that it is opposed to the letter of the Land Sales Act; that it is only a " licence," at best, which may be re- voked at the pleasure of any Govern- ment; that the rent demanded is at the rate of twelvo and a-half per cent, upon tho upset price of' rural land in this colony ; lastly, that the opinion of the judges is now on tho point of being taken as to tho legality of such occu pation. In the Legislative Council, the occu- pation licences have fared rather badly. A very strongly-worded address to the Governor has been oarriedbya majority of 17 to 4, praying him to suspend the issuo of tho licences until the decision of the Supremo Court has been given on their legality. Whether His Excel- lency will attend to this very reason- able appeal on the paifc of those who claim to be the second estate in our realm, is very doubtful - tho whole tenor of Sir Henry Barkly's conduct of late tending to show that ho is com- pletely in tho hands of his present ad- visers, and that the representative of tho Crown has no longer any distinct political existence in our colony. Tho Ministry of Mr. Heales, relying upon tho temporary prestige acquired among tho extreme sections of tho de- mocracy, through its reckless assumption of all the most popular political ories of tho day, and upon their nu- merical majority in the Assembly, scoured through the promise of pay to the members, affect for the pre- sent to be indifferent to tho opinion of the more respectable. portion of tho community. But there are not wanting signs of a probable reaotion, even in the minds of some of Mr. Heales's most vehement supporters. Tho various points of their programme which have yot to come on for disoussion promise, at least, an uneasy session for Ministers. They havo succeeded in obtaining a reversal of tho verdict pronounced by the late Assembly, but the price at whioh thii triumph has been achieved has yet to be paid. Tho Assembly, after a brief sitting of three weeks, in whioh its timo ha¡ been almost entirely taken up witl discussions as to the general polioy o: tho Government, has adjourned unti tho 22 nd of October, in order to giv< time for the preparation of the Esti mates. In the mean time, a bill for thi extension of the principle of looa government throughout tho colony ha; been laid before Parliament 5 and an other bill for the regulation of the Civi Servieo is announced, and is nearly ready for publication. On theso two measures will be framed tho general schemo of permanent expenditure to bo proposed by Blinisters. We alluded briefly last month to tho disco- very of gold in' tho provinco of Otago, New Zealand, and the inüuenco the foot was exercis- ing over the population of our gold-fields, ever ready to rush where the blind goddess Beamed to i promise largo finJs of the precious metal to tho first comer. Sinco then the excitement has spread to an unparalleled oxtent, nnd an exodus has set in from our shores towards Dunedin which has eclipsed all pretious events in the history of rushes. The ordinary trading vessels between Melbourne and Otago nero early found unequal (o the crowds that presented themselves as pas- sengers, nnd, as tbo fever spread from gold-field to gold-field, it was found neoessary to place ad- ditional lines of coaches on all the main roads of the colony, to accommodate the miners hurry- ing to tho now gold-field. Some pt tho large 'clippers on the berth for Liverpool were at once taken up for Otago, and rapidly filled ; next the steamers were taken, from tho Adelaide and Hobart Town lines, and sent to New Zealand ; two of tho Sydnsy Uno were next taken off that passage, and engaged for Dunedin; and ia Succession all the largo vessels in port, in ? i> i eluding the Lightning, Result, Empress pf the Sea, King of Italy, ice, were engaged, and de- spatched, crowded with passengers; while craft of all kinds, including steamers sent from Ade- laide, others that had been laid up for months in tho Yarra, and barque*), brigp, schooners, of nil sizes and classes, followed with coods. dravs. I horses, and impatient diggers. About teti thou j sand diggers have thus been conveyed away from our shores during the month, and the rush as yet exhibits no symptom of approaching exhaus- tion. Some of these men are reported to j have abandoned good paying claims, which hud for many months afforded them I large and constant returns ; others have j eacrificeá interests in some of the best gold mining companies in the colony, Many, how exer, havo gone over merely to prospect, with the intention of returning, should Tunpekn fail to realize tho anticipations they entertain. Why tiiis excitement shonld havo grown to sixh a height ft is difficult to conceive, the total yield of gold from the Ota,":o gold-fields having, up to tie 19th instant, barely exceeding 29,000oz. At that date there were 5,000miners-on the field. Thelatestj accounts (to the loth inst. ). frora Dunedin stata tbat the area within which) gold rs found is ex- tending as the country becomes prospected ; but it isromarkablo that no large finds of gold have been made, as at Bendigo and Ballarat when those fields wero first discovered. No nuggets, excepting two of inconsiderable siae, have been reported ; and it is very manifest that, relatively, Tuapeka is not equal to a third-rato Victorian gold-field. Dunedin is now witnessing thoso scenes which made Melbourne so remarkable in 1852 3-houseless crowds, deserted ships, pi ices of provisions high and advancing, and anxious diggers hunting upthe'latest scraps of informa tion to dotermino their course. We despatched a special reporter to the sceno by a steamship» whioh rcachod Otago on Friday last, and our next summary for England will probably contain his account of Tuapeka and tho prospects it offers. Traces havo at last been obtained of the missing Victorian Exploring Expedition, and there is rea- son to beliovo that two at leane of Mr. Burke's party aro abvo, and will be brought to the fettled districts of Victoria, or of South Australia, within the next few dajs The information hits come hy way of Adolaidr, having been brought by a bW"k fellow to an out s'ation on tbo far north borders of South Australia, aud from thenco forwarded to the nearest police outpoar, from whence tho news was convoyed to Adelaide. The black reported that on a hko in the interior two wluto men were living, their clothes worn out and gone, and their lircnrms lost, but with a camel or camels-this last fact ideutifwag tho patty with Burke's ; surrounded by black*, of whom possibly they had some appiehcnsions (thouc,h the blacks wero reported as afraid of them) thev slept upon a raft m the lake, and subsisted on tbe tish caught in tho waters by nets which they had mado of grass, or obtained from tho natives They seem to havo despatched a blick as a messenger to tell their tale to the nearest white men, and to have given him as his credentials portions of their hair. That bair, unfortunately, tho black had given away in his progress , but though this evi- dence of the genuineness of tho message wits lost, there is no doubt ibat tho blackfellow^ report is authentic The telegrams on tiiosubject differ as to the prectsc locality-ono phcing it consider- ably to the north or north woat of Coopers Creek, the othor as " two sleeps" distant from the sta- tion to which it was comejed, and therefore the luke may bo Cjoper'a Creek Ustlf Tho trooper, I on his way from Blanchewater to Adelaido with the message, fell in with the 8 nith australian searching party, led by Mr. M'Kinlaj, who, led by tho blackfellow, -it once started by forced marches to relievo the unfortunate men. Ho expected lo reach tbe lake on Thursday last. We may, therefore, oxpeet moro particular lrforma tion within the next fen days If ouronntelogram bo correct, it will probably bo found that tho Rur\ Ivors of Burko'a party had succeeded in re- turning to Coopers Creek, and, not (indin^ tho depot party there, and not discovering tho small buried storo of provisions, wore unable to con- tinue tho journey to Menindio Mr. Howitt and Mr. M'Kmlay may meet at tho creek, and lointly sharo the honour of relieving tho miFSinrr party Before this intelligence was received the steamer Victoria had sailed from Brisbane for tho Gulf of Carpentaria, and Walker, with his party of blacks, liad loft ltockhamp on overland for the Albert River, on the same mission, and considerablo difficulty «ill lo experienced in e ramunicatmg with them For tins work the Bmall steamer Hotham, left at Brisbane, may bo of sen ice Simultaneously with the arm al of this messape from the desert, information was recei"od in Melbourno of the arru ni of Stuart, the South Australian explorer, and ins party, from their ex- pedition to complete Stuarts previous discoveries to the nor hern coast Tho party has returned without loss, but without accomplishing the spa cial object with which it set out Smart pene- trated about half a degree to the north of the farthest point ho had previously attained, and about a degree to the eastward of tho course be then followed Ho overlapped tho lino of Gre gory s journey, and got within ninety miles of tho shoio of Carpentaria, but he reports that in thirteen successive efforts ho failed to get across the short distance between his farthest point and the sea, and wa3 compolled by failing provisions to return. His diary, v>hen it is published, will no doubt throw more light on what seems >ery Bingular-that a country traicrsed by Gregory, and w thin the influences of tbo sea breeze should have been so utterly hostilo as to offer no means of existence for so short a peno 1 as would have sufficed to travorso ninety miles to a party so experienced, and so acquainted with hardships, as that headed by Stuart Tho leader reports that the country ho passed through is an excel lent one for the purposes of settlement, that he «as but two days without water, and that he dis covered nn auriferous locality during his journey In S uart s failure, wo may yet indulge the hope that Burko has achieved the fent of extending to the northern shore tho lino of discovery. Tho labours of tho Koyal Commissioners in connexion with the Industrial Exhibition are drawing towards a close On Saturday last the workmen commenced the alterations of the Exhibition Building, for tho moro peifect display of the industrial products of the colony, and the erection of the necessary tables, counters, ka , and tho work is daily prose cuted with tho u'most actnity, that, if poB Bible, the last sound of the hammers anc saws may be heard, and the last touches frorr the brush of tho painter given, on Sa urdaj next Trom various localities goods and sam pies have already come m for exhibition of th( most opposite description, but, generally speak ing, got up willi great tasto, and promisinj a most attractive BIIOW WO noticed, as ready t< bo placed-leather, saddlery, bedsteads, cases o wine, barrels of ale, boxes of candles, sections o timber, models of ships, models of minmi machmcrj, agricultural implements, specimen of tho fino arts, samples of ohvo oil, bags o guano, ropes of nativo materials, cases of mineral pictorially ornamented, oases of hair work, spe cimens of lithography, ironwork, ka , while Yesterday, dray after dray drew up at the cr trnnce to discharge fresh consignments to th care of tho commissioner From the floor i front of the organ i fine fount, supplied froi the Yan Yean, will play, and the arrangement < j the stalls offers special advantages for display, an at the same time for the convenience of the visito: m examining tho obteets nresented to viev His Honour Sir Redmond Barry, at the head, of tbo Boyal Commission, visits tho scone daily» and I is indefatigable in bia efforts to keep faith with I tho public, and to secure an adequate repre- sentation of tho colony. Tho opening day 'of the Exhibition is fixed for Tuesday next. /The Exhibition, in variety, qualify, and peculiarity of the specimens displayed, will bo worthy of the position Victoria holds among tho dependencies "ojL Britain. It is a frequent remark amongst our "nuneralogbits and lapidaries that Victoria pro ?sents some of the most interesting and curious combinations of minerals of any country under tho sun.' The extraordinary volcanic action to whioh this great island has been subjected at j -somo period in the unrecorded ages, has pro- duced novelties to which namos havo not yot -teen given in the sciential) world ; conditions of minerals and forms of tho hardest crj'stah, such as aro found nowhere elso. Gold in sandstone, gold in antimony; diamonds rolled a{."\',nst diamonds, until all shapo of tho true c-y8tal is well nigh lost ; crystals of quart«, as round as bullots ; jaspers of hues and mixtures of colours , as strange as novel; and stoncj of unnamed I kinds, of tho specific gravity, of quartz and yet not quartz, and as black a.", jet ; of the weight of sapphires, and yet not sapphires ; and woods petrified and variegated Uko jaspers, -these aro & few of the things which are constantly brought under_ our notice, n^.i which interest and somewhat puzzle tho "besi praotloalmenand amateurs amongst us. Arjiongs! tho latest of these curiosities of nature s'lbmittec to our inspection is a collection of jaspers fron tbo Ovens, sent to Molbourno to be named, wittel will probably be found in tho fe, tbcoming ¿xbi bition, and which will excito tho attention of thi curious in such manners if shown. Tho quality o the stones is good, but »Lo colours, ranging fron I groy, through brow» and yellow, to Mue, an very singular. Amongst them was a black stone, of the specific gravity of quartz, and which takes a fine polish, but to which no name could be given. The best supposition hazarded is, that tho stone is composed of quartz and shale, but S? trace of quar'z could be ob- served in its textu."? or form. Another and smaller has all thfl àppOR».',ncB of an opaque sapphire, but its specific gravity ia rather less than that of th« true sapphire. Altogether the field of mineralogy in this colony is a most inte- resting one to the student. We are glad to noto that considerable attention is now directed to it, and the Exhibition will give a stimulus to the study of this branch of knowledge that may not be without its imporlnnt effects hereafter- Since our last notice of this subject in our snm.-nnries for England a number of diamonds ¿ave been found in the Ovens district. Fifleen hove now ; been reported, nnd some of them are of good colour and lustre. Tho strikos on the railway works aro new at an end. Many of the laboureis have left for New Zealand, and on tho Murray Hiver Iffie work was resumed nt the former rate of wages. On the Ballarat Uno the labourers aro fully env ployed, at the reduced rate of wages, after having, made n very short and unavailing strike for 10s. per day. Of late more attention Bas been given to whale fishing on the coat.t than has been the case for somoyenrs past. Portland1 is the» main scat of [ this branclr of industry, and we are glad to be 1 able to report that the hardy seamc» who follow j this exciting occupation havo this season been I unusually successful. Tho reward" they have obtained for tneir industry will probably induce other crews to follow their example nea» ¡season, tasmania is largely engaged in whale-iohing on a considerable stalls, sending out numerous vessels to- compote witto the Americans ;; but Tictoria bo» not, as yet, entered into the competition in the samo manner: The recent fall fn tho price of labour Ila« been followed by a consn&rable; amount of building m Melbourne Tho more primitive amongst the business premises of tbo citj aro rapidly grvmg way to more prêtent ous erections The Acclimatisation Society pursues it» labour» diligently, and almos* every Indian steamer anti London clipper now brings contributions to the stock of imported an mais and birds-m tho care oft heSocioty A potion of the Rojal Park re now bein.' prepared as a horns for tha annuals, in connexion with the society, and a bill for the protection of imported gimo will thortly receive the attention of Parliament The movement will bo further atrengthtned, in a few day», by the advocacy of a local journal, Tha Yeoman, and AvstinlianAcchmatise), which will be issued from '1 he AIQUS office. The Northam arrived in Hobson's Bay punc- tually with the supplementary mail of the 3rd of August, sent forward in consequence of the delay occasioned by the Moultan's long voyage between Southampton and Alexandria. The Salsette carries the outgoing mail, and has been delayed one day to give the merchants of Sydney an op- portunity of replying to their July and August letters. Parliament reassembled on the 30th ult., and since then the Assembly has been mainly engaged in discussing Mr O'Shanassy's motion as to the financial statement, and Mr Duffy's respecting tho occupation licences. The discussion on the last named motion was protracted over six days, and terminated m a majority of four for Mm isters, the numbers being 37 against and J3 for an amendment moved by Mr J S Johnston, which practically took the placo of the motion, and called for tho suspension of the licences till their legality or illegality was ascertained by appeal to the Supreme Court batt night the same subject was discussed m the Legislative Council The Assembly has adjourned until the 22nd October, to give the Ministry time to pre- pare their budget for 1862. In the course of the debate on Mr O'Shanassy's motion, calline for the early production of the Budget for 1862, some information was drawn from Ministers as to the state of the finances of the colony. The Treasurer (Mr Verdon) made the following statement -"On every item of revenue (with the exception of licences on which there would bo an increase of £29 854, and oí land sales, tho estimate for which remained at before) ibera was a decreaso Tho revenue te the 31»t August had been £1,8^7,521, and the total for tho year would ho ¡42,031,778, or a net decrease of £134,222, as compared with the original Estimates Tho apparent dohcienoj would bo f iOJ,947, but tho savings lor 1831 wero £100,000 moro than wei o estimated, or ni all, £300,000, while, for tho present year, thoj would not bo less than £170,000 Ho anticipated therefore, that the net decrease at tho end of the year would bo ¿34,328-a sum about equal ti tho votes in excess of tho Estimates, and whiob would probably be wiped out by the extrasavingt on the rear, the Ravi np« on tho avérât.« in nra vious years having been considerably over £300,000 annually As to tho sale of the second class debentures in the colony it had boen agreed upon in concert with the banks, and the opera ion would m fact reheie the bank», without disturb nig the money market-tho savings bank alone, indeed would take tho whole amount of £2o0 000 Petitions have been presented against the retirn of two members of tho Leiislntlve Assembly-Mr J Chapman ono of the members for Castlemaine, nnd Mr P Costello, ono of tho representatives of North Melbourne Tho ground of objection to the forruor is, that at tho time of tho election be was an uncertibcated insolvent, and to tho latter, that his rotura was procured by personation A criminal charge has also been brought against Mr Costello and others for per sonation in connexion with tile election of Mr II S Chapman for Mornington Ministers have introduced a bill, which will bo passed through all its sta0es when the Legisla I tu o Assembly next meets, remitting the colonial duty on gold from î«ew Zealand, shipped via Melbourne i Whilst so many of our miners aro leaving for New Zealand, there appear to bo some who aro doing so nell it the d ggings in Gipps Land ns not to be induced to leiuo them for whit is as yet but a doubtful Dorado 1 rom Salej on Thursday last, 3,o00oz were forwarded to Port I Albert, and by the steamer which n-med ia Melbourno a few days aïo 1 OOOoz wera shipped by the Bank of \ letona The quantities shipped, however, aro by no means a oritonon of the amount of gold v. hich comes to M elbon no from Gipps Land Scarcely a week passes with out somo coining overland, and tlius«GlppR hand is robbed of her dues asa gold bein ni, district The diQiculty of access no djubt deters many from trying their fortuno on tha Gipus. Lane' gold fields but from informar ion mo fron» lane ti timo receive, lhere is no do abt täafc sont» of th minore there aro " doini, we li THE GOLD -FIELDS. The accounts received'a9 yet from New Zealand do not at all justify tho present movement thitherward of so man y of our miners. On the contrary, these only -go to prove the existence of what may probably ' bo a good field for a limited population, such ni i would bo collected in a few days, or perhaps ho urs, at a second or third rate rush here ; but moj t assuredly, unless some further important discovf ries are shortly made, the dis- appointment to the majority of those already arrived or on tb e WBy will bo very great. And this reatlessne? 3 or reckless desiro for change is not caused, just now at least, by the want of scopo hore,' or of fresh ground upon which to employ tbems elves to advantngo nearer home, for the new allr1 ivial deposits and reefs of good pro- mise aro m iro numerous than usual just at this very_time._ ' There aro, for instance, the Jamieson digK'nK.s, i' .1 a country rough enough for those who wish for difficulties to overcome, and rich ' enough to offer the inducement of large prizes to to snell as may be successful. In the official re- port fror u the warden Bent lately to obtain infor- mation 'for Government as to the character of the \- -. «. .ui milicia nuoiiave been / at these diggings for some time, it is stated that many of the claims aro very fich indeed, and that the men generally w¿f° earMner> dining the most unfavour- able part of tho year, from four to tix pounds a week each. This, be it remembered, was during tho season oE floods, and when nearly all tho gold in taken from the beds of tho cresks, whici caunot be approached for days together after a heavy fall of rain ; and high up among the rang'.s, as theso creeks are, such rains aro very Jreqrvent. Then several quartz recfR havo bean or oned, and, as a proof of their rich- ness, a. few/and only a few, yields are adduced ns, for If'stanco, lS3oz. of gold from sevon oat. of quart/ ' 370oz. from eight tons, and an average "île-, -yield of fifteen ounces to tho ton, wblloeven D gher returns w ere know n to have been obtained, but not published, owing to the unprolceto'i stole of those residing and working dulius 'n, such a wild, unsettled district. Thiä^h^ boen httlo I explored as yet, but the. w,y into it has now been pretty woll cleared and much more will bo learned of it this sun>';ner, especially as the higher tbe miners go .up tho creeks tho richer tho deposits. becpr,,ei Even ¡n u,0 0\¿ anii compara- tively wel'..known district of Castlemaine a tlepont of auriferous gravel was discovered a .w'<;k or two sines under the trap-rock on ODO nil) which was never before pierced, and this is .calculated to afford profitable employment to several hundreds of men for a long timo to come. At Mount Greenock, too, a wide, and mosl probably too a very lengthy, run of gold has jusl been fairly opened ; while rêverai smaller loadi have been lately taken up in different directiop'. At one »pot, near Linton's, in tho Ballarat dis trict, and discovered only a few days since several p? rties of men aro said to bo getting {r0r two to s-dven ounces of gold to the load jn var shallov, sioWpffj and consequently with yerj \ ' ¡ ' ''id littlo-exertion. We might alsc" mention other new spots almost equally rieb; j an d tbe .BugReta lately-found are scarcely to be enumerated. None of these are of the rery li. rSest si.ze» but some are yet calculated to attract attention at the approaching Exhibition, where .they will doubtless be exposed for inspection. Th. us> ,m~ mediately in tho neighbourhood of PnnoUy, uu6* e«U weighirg lOocz., 103oz., COcz., 50cz, 4i oz-j 39uZ , and 30cz., respectively, besidts several c* medium size, nnd not weighed beparately, wet 9' found within tho last four weeks. At Kingowev ' the total weight of nuego s found and raised? within a few days from the one spot cf ground, alluded to last month was ni-certaincd to have exceeded l.SOOoz., and besides there was n fair quantity of coarse gold, not so denominated, where each lump much have feme size to bo spoken of as a nugget. At Yandoit, too, which . pli.ee has not been much distinguished in this way of late, nuggets of lC8oz., 36oz , and 32oz., were found about three weeks since. Tims it will bo seen that cur gold fields are not yet exhausted of all Iheir prizes, and to the instonces fpecially given many other» might be added. In the L'allnrat district the depression of the quartz-mJnh'g interest is mentioned as one of the principal reabonB for the readiness of so many men to avail themselves of the first excuse for leaving their regular works. Much of the quartz oporaieil an ia this district is poor, affording a yield of but »fewi"ienny weights to the ton ; and although some . oJJthe companies, by the exercise of strict economy and tbt uso of good machinery, have succeeded in niakh 'g this pay, yet Beveral have commenced in debt a. nd have not succeeded in getting such returns a s would be likely to extricate them ? toonfro-m their difficulties; hence the desire of the sbarehi dders to make a fresh start elsewhere. In other dit tricts, however, the qu^r z miners are prosperous t nough. Even about Mount Alexan- der, wHcr» ti ds interest was long in a declining1 state, ii? ha» received a fresh stimulus by tbo .recent dioeove. "es of richer veins than have been opened for ye» -s past. The success of ihe Ajax Company of wi 'rkiDg miners has been before al luded tOj.and ti »s still continues ; only ono par -cel of siono In 'm their richest vein has keen lately crushed, a id this, consisting of Mxty tons, produced 420bz: Averages of iwo and two and a half ourroes toll e ton have been obtained from other lots- of infi rior stone, and this from a reef given> up bj ' a joint-stocfc company ; s , worthless. Then > have also been several 1 other good yieldB li rtely from the reefs of this cistrict-as.'îbtr insti nee, 9&bv; fiora sixteen tots of stone out/ of a c, laini on. the Üíiurod Reef; Suez, from six tons, a nd 50OÏ; from two tons more> out of tho Nuggety Bl ef ; 35az, fror» niño tons out of tho Saeuatonc I '.cef, as it is-callfdj tecauae in ita formation this stt ne predominates- over t&a; quartz; andl SOoz. frt ni twelve tons'out of a claim on tho Mopoko B'eef. 35i'en', IU the Ben- digo district there has ¡oeen nure than ¿beusuaî proportion of largo jields . One small ¡oiiof four and a half tona protluc ed 13;íi¿z;, ami Mxteem tons from a claim on tbo well-known JoSnsonV Beef produced 245oz , the one wink's' work-of 'the owners giving them ö3loz. Another Itft of twenty nine tons from a different reef jsrodiicod 79t'z* ;? i\nd oven richer stone than*, nt\~.\ of''these lots* is said to havo been raised, . but not yet crushed. The Inglewood roíísw havt> leen losing their character of late for largo yieldf«,. the only one of any consequence Teported for some timo past having beeu a retira' of "304oz., from 100 tons of imselectcd stone ontt.f iVIax* well's Reef. Work has been resumed again on . the best of the Yandoit reefs, and some rich'veins» havo been opened. Two tons from one of these produced 78oz., besides 24oz. obtninîd'from two . dishes of FpecimenB first picked out. From one v.ery rieh claim on a reef at Inkermann, .near' Dunolly, tho following yields wero' obtained,. namely,-265oz. from two hundredweight . of stone, 45}oz. from four tons, 309oz. from another . parcel of four tons, 24oz. from a second lot of two hundredweight j and from tho rnbble and.' loose stone remaining after the removal of ;hB nbovo parcels an average of Hoz. to the ton. No little sensation has also been caused in another and usually very quiet district, that of1 Daylesford, hy tho announcement of tboyieldilof' ;l;680ez. from 205 tons of stone rai-.ed very lately from a claim on ono of tho reefs -there.. Thus the reefs, as well as the alluvial ground; havo offered what might be thought sufficient attraction to keep our miners more contentedly at home, at least until thoy havo better reason than at present exists for «vishtag to try 'their fortunes elsewhere. AGIUCULTURE. Tho weather hos been of late, as it . ought -to. be in spring, changeable, with rather 'too mucht' rain in some parts of the country ; sti)l,lns we hava had some w?rm days now and again, vege- tation is rapid, and the grain crops generally'ßre most promising. As potatoes and hay . have fetched rather low prices this year, grain has been moro looked to by the farmer thoa of ' late,. and if the season ends as favourablyas.it com- menced, the quantity harvested will! bo, very great. This extension of tho grain crops is more ? to bo noticed on the new lands of the interior than on the farms near Melbourne or Sdelong, the holders of which are beginning to trustmor.j eacbu year to stock, English grasses, and a .variety oE crops ; but the chango v i the system of hushandny. is much slower than 'it should bu oven .amongst» them. Tobacco will "bo rather extensively tried this season, some of -iho farmers having sown, na much as ten or twelve acres, withsut waiting for the result of experirar nts on a smaller.sc.ale ; and' if tbey will tut give t' uo plants a saCtcicnt amount! of attention during their growth the prouts will be large, a» tobacco can be raised.here with the greatest, facility. T his is a crop wLich, howevrrj requires very clos j attention from the time the young plant first appears above ground, and the farinera r aust depart widely from their usual custom if th ey are to give Ibis attention or devoto much tabr .ur to any one thing, so we oannothopo tar¡ very general suocets with the tobaoso. Infao t, the great objection to roots is tho amount si hoeing, and weeding, and thin ¡niug (¡hey wqui re, and the difficulty of petting 1 men» to. pewíorr i these needful operations just at I the pnope» tin íes ; and will tho careless system, no» so.lissiiy established hero as to bo known as the uolonial Bystom of farming, bo all nt onco cnangeä» er eu in favour of a crop that pro- mises to be moro than ordinarily remunerative? ïbe success of the few who tried mangolds last year'will lead to their being moro generally cultivated ; but still the total area of land so cropped will be small. The exodus to New Zea- land has caused somo fear as.to the supply of extra labour that will be availabio at harvcbt time, and the effect has been beneficial to tho machine matters, in tue increased number of orders given . to them for meohanicnl mowers and reapers. Maiy of the up country farmers, too, are deter- mined to use tho Adelaide stripping machine, and so make tho greatest possible saving at once in the expenses of the harvest field, and be, to a great extent, independent at tho Fame time of extra hands, whether these are to bo had or not. Slowly this machine is comiDg into uso here, but as grain falls in price tbo farmer will bo compelled to uso it wherever he can ; and that grain will fall much during tho next year or two, wo have every reason to expect. The spring show season has now fairly com- menced, and somo of tho societies havo already held their meetings. The last was at Geelong, and this showed a marked falling-offfrom that of tho year before, although agricultural shows aro never very successful at the commercial capital, as the farmers around will take no troubla to sup- port them. There are alwnj-s a few horses belonging to residents in the district ; some horses and a few shorthorns aro sent down from Melbourne, somo sheep from the western distriot, and so a kind of a show is made up, which is not oven vntited by tho farmers themselves in any number. In the implement department no more spirit is dis- played, tho small collection being made up prin- cipally by one or two of the Molbourno firms Even the goid-produeing region of Ballarat sent a colonial-made plough, which took a first prize, nothing worthy of comparison being turned out from tbe old-fashioned smithies of Geelong. If backwardness in regard to overj thing agricultural proves tho waut of piotection, it is but right that tho ory for this should havo firjt arisen from such a district. The week after next our Melbourne show of stock and implements wiil bo held, ant", judging by the ontries, which have not closed yet, this promises to bo fully as successful as any I of its predecessors. The quantity of machinery i and iraploments will bo twice as great as was ever exhibited hero before, and no doubt tho stock I will be fully up to tho average of former years, if not,beyond it ; indeed, the word success in con- nexion with this, tho most important agricultural I show in the colony, means a decidedly perceptible J amount of progress, without which it would le I looked upon as a failure. Last week a consign- ment of rams, from tho French Imperial flocks, was submitted to auction, and the prices fetched vr6ro very Bntbfnctwy, although not quite so high as those realized for the Saxony rams, sohl a month before. These last, only twenty- eight in number, averaged £97 13a. each, while fifty of the French rams brought an average of £81. Tho highest piico obtained for ouo was £170, tho next £155, and EO on, with wide intervals, down to £45 and £50, very few of tb'.m bringing so Utile as this. S'- "?; sales as tVso show that our sheepowirers r- jj^j intent on improving the quality of it' .;* wooi Shearing commenced some weeks F- J ¡I? b'j very general as soon as tV ' . ',e . .., I prospect of the weather takin ' , Jeast I fine fora fow days togethe- \ f ,, -atinuing of tbonewclin.but not ^y.haVeTrriÄ'f V0°l I »gain It»1" . ? 'Ï t0° commissioners have been \ w. action of those which become diseased. Kotluag further can npw bo done for a month at liait, Mid m the meantime the disease will, most probably, spread to fresh places, and so tua benefit from the past expenditure be greatly loät. If the country IB ever to be freed from it, a nor J -vigorous courso of aotion must bo shortly deter- mined on, and carried out without tho interrup- tions . which have hitherto rendered the efforts of lue commissioners of liltlo effeot. , THE NEW ZEALAND GOLD-FIELDS. Recent discoveries havo shown that gold U diffused widely, if not in largo deposits, over fcb.3 middle island of the Now Zealand group, and in the southern part of the northern island. Near Nelson, as well as in Otago, goldhasbaao, found ; but tho Tuapeka gold- field, in the provino s of Otago, is that which at picsenthas fired the colonists of all the various provinces of NewZaa luud with a desire to flock to the diggings, whio'i if- stimulating the quiet people of Tasmania to abandon agriculture and commerce for the ohanoa fui tuno of a gold-field, is creating a rush from the Lost diggings in Now South Wales, and [is di awing away tho miners of Victoria in thou- sands. Tuapoka is situated at a distance of about fifty miles from Dunedin ; nnd the digger bound for ?the scene of the gold-workings can proceed either by road (soft andahnost impassable in winter, but convenient enough insummer) or by water, and by ther river Clutha to within a distance of twelve »iles of tho diggings. The main seat of opera- tions is described as a long, narrow valley, whara iho sinking is shallow", gold being found at a depth of a couple of feet, though some shafts have been sunk about twenty-five feet and gold found at that depth. The prospecting that ha? Hollowed upon the arrival of experienced diggora fiom Victoria has opened up payable working* in various gullies far from the original scene of the gold discovery ; but in no case has a large find been reported to comparo with the strokes oE luck constantly obtained on the Victorian fields in tho early days of digging, and so far the gold obtained is small, scaly, and fine. That quartz reefs bearing gold may yet be discovered is vary | possible, and the field may thus be found a per- manent ons j but wo must warn intending emi- grants at home that long before they can reioii the scene the richest treasures of Tuapeka will lave fallen into the hands of those exporioncel diggers who aro now crowding to the scene. Up to tho 7th of September the total amount of gold that had reached Dunedin was 15,035 ounoas. Between that date and the 18th September 2,033 ounces wero taken down by private hand and on that day, tho only escort that had leftTuapak* from the 3rd to the 17th September, carnal down 11,281 ounces. The total yield fro a the discovery of the gold-fields, in July, to the 19th September was 28,916 ounces; an I at tho last-mentioned period there were 5,09) diggers on the field. The local journals, before the stream of immigration had sot strongly in, expressed a hope that no rush of any magnitude ?would take place, as the colony was unprepared to receive a large population, and much misery would follow. Their prediction have already, to Berne extent, been realised, and the steamers re- turning from Ota^o are already beginning to ) i ing back disappointed adventurers. The latest news from Tuapeka is.containei in the following extracts from the Dunedin journiU cf the 17th and 18th instant, brought by tho j Aldinga to Melbourne, and the City of Hobart ;o Hobart Town:- ] The IPr'iiiMSsays :-" The escort was delayel one day in expectation of bringing in all the gol 1 filer ed, but moro was coming in as the escort left. Considerable quantities of gold hoVe also besa brought in by private hands: one party of font men brought to town on Tuesday l.OOOoz. A gully I one mile to the left of Bound Hill was being worked, and parlies making an ounce per diem ' Tho weather was fine, the roads had improved, and the bridges over two creeks wero complet J J, and had tho effect of immediately reducing the price of flour to £8 per 2001b. bag. 2,500 minsrs' xights and fifty business licences had boen issued " All was quiet at the diggings, Upwards of C.000 pcoplo were estimated to bo at work, still chiefly in Gabriel's Gully and the immédiats neighbourhood. Numerous persons were pro- specting in various directions, with various suc- cess. Gold was said to bo discovered almos1; everywhere that holes were sunk ; but whether in paying quantities is not fully ascertained A. new field is said to have been discovered, sixteen miles nearer Dunedin, in which oai party wero making an ounco a day. Th) -wildness of a digging population, nnd the excite- ment in the provinco are such, that tbo diggarj rush, from one spot to anothor without the least tangible ground for so doing. " Mr. Read had started, under the auspicos o! the Government, to prospect at tho head of th.3 "VVaipori; thence to the oastern source of tho Tunpeka, tho source of the Waitahunn, aal afterwards south in the direction of the UmbrelU ItangíB. We leam on tho best authority that gold has been found south of the Clutha, in the neighbourhood of the Poraahuka." The Colonist of the 13th says :-" Several persons have gone over to the Waipori, where it is said some persons aro now4 digging. _ Som,} parties are at present engaged in deep sinking, and are doing woll. The depth gone down is about twenty-five feet. Our presont popula- tion is upwards of 4,000, and with the uumbsrs shortly expected, I do not know what we are to do if some now diggings are not dis- covered. At (ho B.ame time there is room enough for 1,000 or 1,500 ¡it the Waitahuna, where they can make from 30s. to £3 a day per mau, and "being so much nearer to the Tokomniriro-ten or twelve miles nearer-provisions can bo had there much cheaper than here. Tho diggers, as a community, aro quiet, orderly, and woll-behavei, crimo being almost unknown. Several parties are still doing well, but I cannot give m my names. Mr. Gardner's party made the other day three and a half pounds, Mr. Millar's party two pounds. In Munroo's Gully, one party named Wilson mado thirty-eight ounces. VIr. Head and his party havo left ; his kindnw, courtesy, and politeness deserve the greatest praise, as his time and advice were always at tha disposal of any ouo who sought them. The super- intendent has discovered that the Molyneux Rivar is navigable np to where the Tuapeka joins it. This will be a preat saving in the expenses up hera. TJnless more rich ground is discovered soon, or sonic energetic moasures taken by tho Govern- ment or a company, the consequences will b3 fearful. The truth has no doubt been told, bat not the whole truth. I could have employai fifty men within the last week or two at merely nominal wages, food, and shelter." From a successful digger's note we (Colonist) extract the following : . . . "We did very little till the last fort- night. The week before last each man ia our company had £35, and last week we cleared £4J 10s. ; and I am well aware that the ground wa nave now is poor by the generality. As far as I can learn and see, there is not a foot of grouad in this gully but mon will make 20s. a-day if they work in a proper manner." Tho TOV/tifii nf the 18th savs : " We have been favoured with the following communication, addressed to his Honour tha Superintendent, relative to our gold-fields, by J. T.Thomson, Esq., chief surveyor:-'Dunedin, 16th September, 1861.-Sir,-At your request I »oto down a few observations on the gold-fields, taken during my trip to them last week. I made tho journey in one and a half days' easy tra- velling on horseback, by the North Taieri-roj 1. This route is capable of much improvement, and I have no doubt will be much frequented during this coming summer. In snowy and stormy -weather tho Tokomairiro-road is preferable, though longer. On coming in sight of Gabriel's Gully, I was much astonished at the change that liad taken place. The gully was studded with tent) from one end to the other, and the surface, verda at ?with fine grass two months ago, was nowguttei and ransacked in an extraordinary manner. Fully 3,000 people must have been at work in this gully, and numerous parties wero seen spread out1 over the adjacent gullies, and even hills. Altogether thcro cannot bo less than 6,000 people on the diggings. On the day after my arrival I ?went over the ground, and conversed with many parties at work. Where I was known every in formation was given me, and civility shown; -where not known, this was not always the case. With the influx of strangers, men see reason to tie more cautious. Hy general impression in that all are making wages, but many are makio' three or four times that. Some havo made smvll fortunes. I saw no idlers. I havo spoken ti xnrious diggers who havo "prospected" the country, and the report is that a paying gold- field extends from Tokomairiro to the Clutha a distance of thirty miles. Many of the firat diggers aro leaving; the fields, being satisfied with ovbat they havo rando, and doubtful of further great success. They seo that investments in pro- perty and former pursuits will do as much for them as digging, now that they have amassed a little catiital. The best critorion of the field will row be the return brought down by the escort. The impressions of a single individual like myself xuay be to a considerable extent erroneous. As my errand to the gold-field this time was for a different objoct than inquiry into tho returns of the diggora, I did not take particular note of facts; but I-left tho fiold with the impressioi that it would extend its limits over a largo tract j of country.' " The Otago Witness of the 14th inst. says : " The latest nt ws from tho diggings is not very striking in character. Largo numbers of people uro taking up claims, but of their success or otherwise wo can learn nothing sufficiently d<j fir.ite to form any estimate of the extent of the field. Eut few persons aro rotuming to town, ' and that, wo 'pre-umo, ia tbo only test that can possibly be applied. Two small nugge» have ' i been found-one weighing two ounces two penny- weights (obtained, from Gabriel's Gully), and tbä I ether, one ounce seven pennyweight?, from Wnnro's Gully. The weather has boen line. Ths I loads are drying, and the commissioner is workol off his legs, granting miners' righ'.B and settling claims." _ METEOROLOGICAL SUMMARY FOR THE MONTH OF AUGUST. rerlods of Five Days. Temperature of Air. Mean. I JKax. Min. 67-1 8va Pronmreof Air. Mean. lia:. Min. Inch. 30-107 29-944 30-142 29-336 80-120 Inch. 30214 30 202 30-247 30-128 30-307 Inch, .30-016 20-044 30-030 29-543 29-831 80'fi09[29-ft$| Inch. 80-149 30 061 80-193 29-946 30-193 Inch. 30068 29-842 SO 095 29764 (0-1) 0-859 0-764 0-801 0-812 0-782 Mean Temperature of Daw poillt. Beg-. 401 42-1 41-6 47 2 Bvap. Min. Torr. Ead. Prevailing Winds. ¡T. by N.B. on the nights of the 4th, 6l.h, flth. 7th, and 8th, lieht ; north- westerly on tho »vening of tho 6th ; tho remainder S. by S.E., light. Between JJ. and N.B. on the Otb. 101b. and 11th, strong on tbo 10th ; W. by 8.W. on the 12th and 13th, fresh. S. by S.W. on tho I4th, light ; variable »nd light on tho 15th ; N. and K.E on the 16th, 17tb. and 18th. light, N. aud N.B. ou tho 19th, 20th, 2Ut. and 22nd. light ; north-westerly on the night and morning of the 28rd ; W. and S.W. remainder of the 23rd, h>ht. Betwoen 8.E. and S.W. on the 24th and 25th ; Btrong on the night of the 24th, the remainder light ; variable and light on the 26th ; north-easterly on the 27th and 28tb, light. 17\. and K.E. on the 29th, fresh; westerly on the 80th and 3ht, mostly Btrong- ; between N.W. and S.W. on September 1st and 2nd, light. Electricity. 0-10 4-0 Part* 7-02 2-90 6-14 822 4-44; 0 Neg. 1 10 3 9 1 Number of Hours of Fog 12-5 4-6 0 0 0 0-7 140 2-1 24-4 6-1 3-6 40 0 2-5 19-5 11-6 26-0 8-5 NOTE.-The barometer is reduced toB2deg.Falir.,tlis hoight of Its elstern above tho mean lovel of tho sea b3 ing 120ft. The olcctrlc tonslon is indicated by Quota . let's electrometer. Tho observations made with th i evaporation-gaugo aro registered at 8 n.in. ¡thon made with the rain-gauge are registered at Op.m.: mid the amountB given represont the quantities for tbo previous 21 hours. Tlio rosults are derivodfron hourly observations. REMARKS. August i to 8.-Temperature of air, max., at 2 p.m. on the 5th and Oth ; min., at 7 a.m. on tho 7th, Fressure of air, max., at 10 a.m. on the 8th ; ml i" at4p.m on tho .Itli. Woather generally Uno; dri- lling rain on the morning of the Gili ; denso fjg on t'i i night of the 4th and morning of tho 8th : heavy d iw on tho nights of tho 4th, 6th, 7tb, and Stn, and ovj i inga of the 4th, Gili, 7th, and 8th ; zodUcal light VJr/ bright on the evenings of tho 5th, 0th, and 7th ; sol ir halo on the afternoon of the 8th; a great number of meteors observed during the nights and evenings of the 7th and 8th ; magnets not disturbed, Augu-t 9 to l8.-Temporaturo of air, max., at I p.m. on tho 10th ; min., at 0p.m. on tho lilli. Prei Miro of air, max., at 10 and 11 p.m. ou tho 13t i ; min., at 11 p.m. on tho 10th. Sky mostly ovorai t, »nil wiather unplsasant and squally ; frequent ni i showers on tho lltb, 12tb, and 13th ; dim fqnalls a i the mornings of tho 0th and 10th ; dew on tho ovoid ir of the 11th; solar halo on the morning cf thoOt'i; magnets not disturbad, August 14 to l8.-ToraporaUiro of air, max., at 9 cm. on tho 18tb; min., at 0 a.m. on tlio ltti'i. I'reasuro of air, max., at 0 and 10 a.iu. on the 14t'i ; min., at 4 p in. on tho 15th. Weather dull on tai 14th, the remainder Ano ; drizzling rain on tlio nli'.it of the 14th ; dow on tho nichts of tho 15th, 10th, a-i 1 17th, and evonings of tho 15th and 101h ; fi^g on tin morning of the 16th; lunar halos on tho tights au I «vinings of the 10th and 17th; Fita Morgana OVJ, Bay on tbo afternoon of tho 17th ; uisgneu tllghtl/ ditturbed on tbo ovenlngs of the 17th and ISih. tugnstlO to 23.-Temperature of,air, max., at 3 p.m. on tho 10th ; min., "at fi a.m. on tho 23r I Fressure of air, max., al 8 n.m. on tlio 10th ; min., at 4 p.m. on the 22nd. Woathor. ploasmt on tho lOtii, tbo remainder mostly c'u'i and squally ; freqnint rilli showers on the morning and ovenirj,' t f His 20ih ; afternoons and evonings of tho 2lsr, 22nd, au4 23r I and night of tho 22nd ; dew on tlio Lights of th i 10th, 21nt, ntid 23rd ; vivid lightning on tho ovontii < of the 20ih ; lunar halo on the evening of tho Din ; niosnots considerably di'turbod on the" night of til > SOlli, Auguit 24 to 23.-Tomporature of air, ma\\.,at8 p. n on tbo 28th ; min., at 7 a.m. on tho 2dth. Pressa-o of air, max., at 11 n.m. on the 25th ; min., at ml 1 night of the 24th. Weather generally (ino. but 111 night of tho 24th and tho morning and afternoon ot tbe 26th being dull ; misty rain on the iii,-lit of ft i S4tb ; dew on tho oveiilnga of the 24th, 2(3ilt, and 2J-.1 .nd nights of tho 26th, 28th. and 28th ; z iiHtical lljil on the evening of tho 27th and 28tli, on tie tatt); day very bright ; magnets not disturbo:). August 29 to September 2.-Temperatura of air, max., at 3 p.m. on tbo 20th ; min., at S and C a.m. on tho 2nd. Prceauroofalr, max., atO am. on tia 2nd ; min., at 3 a.m. on the 80th ' Weather gaaorally flie. with tho exception of the 30th, when It wn Un- settled and squally ; frequent rain aquilla on tho 80th, ant) a fe« showers on the night ot tho 81st ; dow oi tbo evening cf thoUtand night of the 2nd ; ii ii-, iquilla on the morning of tho 99th ; v'vld ll^huiiní o i tbo evening of tbo 20thanti night of tin SO'.li ; vhun lo; B'crm at 11 p.m. on the 28th ; zodl cal light on tal evening of the 1st ; magnets not dUtnrherl. GEORGE NEUMAYER. Flagstaff-hill Observatory, September 23. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. The returns of the Immigration Board for t'i3 month of August are published in the Bill of Entry for all ports of the colony. The arrivals lumbered 2,305, and the departures 2,382, tha balance being 77 against the colony. Of tha arrivals 1,232 were adult males, 790 adult females, 157 male and 126 female children. Of the de- partures 1,986 were adult males, 241 adult females, 86 malo and 67 female children. The ; potts of arrival and departure may be thus stated :-Melbourne-Arrived, 2.2SG ; dopartei, ' 2,371. Geelong- Arrived, 5 ; departed, 5. All other ports-Arrived, 14 ; sailed, C. The inter- | colonial migration was very much against thia colony, tho first effects of the rush to Otago being . marked in these returns. The numbers to and from Sydney were equal. The departures for ' South Australia exceeded the arrivals thenoo b/ ' 16. PromTasmaniathcrewa«»numericallulanci in favour of this colony of 70. For New foaUn I the balance was 1,317 egaunt this colony, Hi» following table gives the clearest insight to tai migratory movements of tho month : Kew South Wales bouth Australia .. Tasmania .. ., Kew Zealand Total neighbouring co- lonies .. ., Uiutod Kingdom .. Toreign ports Net emigration 10 1317 During the current month tho departures ex- ceed the arrivals by over 5,000, in conaequenoe o' the exodus to New Zealand ; but the signs of the times point to a speedy return to this colony oí the majority of those who have been attract 1 by tho rumours touohing tho riches of tho Ot»r> gold-fields. In the following table the arrivals and depar- tures aro given monthly for ejght months of tho j car, compared with the corresponding periods of I860. It will be seen that while immigration li ii fallen off this year to the number of 3,363, emi- gration, has increased to that of 911. The balatio Î of immigration over omigration this year, to tha close of August, has amounted to 350 only. Jr-iiuary F ctruary .. ilarch ,. -April., al ay .. . JuiTo.. July .. August Deduct departed Net Immigration Wo repeat, for the information of distant readers, that tho population of the colony, ac- cording to the census taken in April, was a? follows .--Males, 328,031 ; females, 211,071 ; . total, 540,322. OUR ORPHANAGES. There oannot bo a moro satisfactory ovidoaos of the fact that our fellow- colonists are not wholly given over to the " greed for gain"-than tho many institutions of a religious and beuo a olent charactor that exist around us. Prominent among those aro the asylums for orphans-esta- blishments absolutsly needed in this country, where, in the event of the head of a family boin,]r suddenly removed by death, the probabilities aro that tho ohildren are thrown destitute upon tha world. It is of one of [those ' institutions that wa now propose speaking-tho St. Vincent da Paul's Orphanage, Emerald Hill. This asylum, was founded in 1833, by iho lato Rev. Gorald Ward, a member of tho order of St. Vincent da Paul, after whom the institution was namoi. Mr. Ward first engaged a housa in Prahrai, which was opened with thirteen children. T v i years afterwards the foundation stone of fi i present orphanage on Emerald Bill was lal, and, by March, 1857, the new building was oo n pleted and inhabited, and the houso at Prahr 11 vfas given up. Since then the usefulness of 11 > institution has gradually extended ; tho re- cipients of its benefits havo increased in numb3.* with every succeeding year; the vacancies ooai r-ionedby the leaving of children who had ba come old enough to be apprenticed out wero filiad up as soon as they occurred, so numerous wara lue applications for admission ; and 'at present the asylum affords shelter, food, and education to fifty-three boys and thirty-Bix girls. Indeed, tha number of inmates has outgrown the accommoda- tion, and the elder boys havo to sleep, under the caro of the gardenor, at cottages which aro rented for tho purposo away from the institution. The asylum occupies a commanding position on Emerald Hill. It fronts Cecil- street, and over- looks Hobson's Bay, and its small Norman tower may be seen for a considerable distance It is surrounded by play-grounds and gardens, the latter furnishing all the vegetables, save potatoes, required by the inmates. Inside there aro, on tho ground-floor, a chapel, boys' and girls' Bohool Tooms, refectories, work-room, store-room, lava- tories, ko. On the upper floor arc the dormi- tories, which aro lofty and airy, while every apart- ment throughout tho establishment is a model of cleanliness and order. The daily routine is as follows : -The inmate i T'IEO at six. Then follows tho business of th} lavatory, and next prayer. Breakfast takes plao ä at seven o'clock. At the close of this meal the cider boys aro employed in cleaning tbo yard, their own bathroom, or some other necessary w ork ; the elder girls devote themselves to house- hold duties; and the younger children aro at play. At nino tho bell rings for school, where instruction is given on the denominational f-j-Btcm. One of the Bisters of Mercy presides over tho girls' school. The education of the br.ys is entrusted to a paid master. At twelve o'clock school is closed for two hours, during which dinner is served, the arrauga ments being such that the girls are not brought in contact with tho boys either on their éntranos to or departure from the dining-hall. The same i ule is observed throughout tho day. The play- ground, lavatories, and dormitorios of the girls, are quite distinot and removed from those of tha boys. Sohool recommences at two p.m., and continues till live p.m., after which there is re- creation and refection, and at six o'clock the cider boys retire to their quarters, and the insti- tution is closed for the night. There is a work- room, and tnroo women are constantly en- gaged in making and repairing clothes for the children, and instructing the girls nt iho needle. The object of tho Sisters of Charity is to give the orphans that useful kind of education that will enable thom whon they leave the institution to buffet successfully with tho world. The institution is open to visitors every day savo Saturday, from ten a.m. to five p.m. It appears by tho ruloB that every district sub- scribing £10 per annum is entitled to sond a child to the institution, and every subscriber of £2 U privileged to recommend a child for admission, in I the event of there boing any vacaucies, but only those children who aro without parents and des- titute can bo received. The establishment his been under the charge of the Sisters of Meroy since the commencement of the present year, and during that timo there has been little or no sickness in tho institution. Unfortunately, when the Sisters of Morey entered upon their charge, they found tho asylum burdened by a debt of ¿1,200, which, however, has sinco been reduoed to £1,000; and with a view to discharge this liability, several lady supporters of the institu- tion contcmplato holding a bazaar. It is proposed, as soon as the necessary f undi can be raised, to build an asylum for boys, so ai to reserve the present institution entirely for girls. A niece of land in the roar of the existing« orphanage, and facing Clarendon- street, has be 3a given for the purpose, and the cost of building is estimated at £3,000, towards which £2,000 hu already boen raised, £1,000 having been sub- scribed voluntarily and £1,000 having bsea granted by the state WELBOURNE PUBLIC LIBRARY AND MUSEUM OF ART. The following return shows tho number ot visitors to the Melbourne Publio Library, and tb.« donations received, during the mouth ending 24t1a September, 1861 : H UMBER OP VISITORS. Date. First weok .. Second week.. Third wook .. Fourth weok Morning. 1,982 1.97C 2,412 2,291 Evening, 1,821 1,789 1,701 1,728 Total. 8,7SS 4.11S 4,019 Total during tho month. Numtor of visitors to Iho Museum of Art. D0HATI0M3. The Government Gazettes and Pnrliamnntarv Papers of tho colonies of New South Wales, South, Australia, New Zealand, and-¡Victoria. Piesetuad by the Governments. Newspapers, as usual. Presented by tho pro- prietors. Weekly Bill of Entry.' Presented by the hon, the Commissioner of Customs. Bradshaw's Guide to Victoria, Presented by the proprietors. Ono plan of transporting carriage for lifeboat) tf the Royal National Lifeboat Institution ; twj titans of lifobonts of tho Royal National Lifobovt It fltitutioj; three copies of the Report of tis I Royal National Lifoboat Institution. Presents 1 ) y J. Ballingall, Esq. The Botanist, 5 vols. Presented by Miss Maund. . r . Fifty-Bixth Report of tho BritUh and Foreign Bible Booiety ; Nineteenth Annual Report of the Victorian Auxiliary Bible Booiety, and Specimens \- of Languago and Dialect, -2 vols, j Tho History of the British and Foreign Bible Society. Presented I by iho Rev. It. Wade. I Copy of tho Acts and Ordinances'of New South, Wales, 24th Viet. Presented by' the hon. the Chief Bccretary. I Journal of the Legislative Council, New South 'Wales. Presented by tho lion, tho President. Victorian Hansard, 7th volume. Presented by Messrs. Wilson and Mackinnon. I Lithograph of the oponing of Prince's Bridge, 1851\. Presented by A. F. A. GreeveB, Esq., M.D. Programmo of the Fourth Session of the Inter- national Statistical Congress of 1860, 1 vol. ; Report of the Fourth Session of tho international Statistical Congress of I860,1 vol. Presented by TV.Westgarth, Esq. Family Immigration for Victoria (pamphlet). Presented by J. Jamieson, Esq. pur Paper-Money; a Letter to the Hon. tho Treasurer of Viotoria. Presented by V. Ilellioir, .usa. Six copies of the Mining Surveyor«' Reports, July. Presented by the Board of Science. The Philosophy of Education, or the Principios and Practico of Teaching. Presented by E. M. Gibbs, Esq. . DONATIONS TO THE MUSEUM OF AKT. Ono silver coir, of tho roign of Charles II., , presented by B. Luewy, Esq. | Roman copper coins, viz.-Hadrian one, An- tonius ono, Nero one, Faustina ono, Trajan one; and two small Saxon copper coins. Presented by R. Law, Esq. AUGUSTUS TOLK, Librarian. j THE VOLUNTEERS. The only cvenls of particular interest whioh Lave taken placo during the last month havo beon two' numorously contested matchos-the Rifle Derby, and a match for prizes given by tho Hon. J. P. Fawknor, M.L.O. Tho Derby was shot for on tho 31st ultimo, at tho Sandritlgo Butts, and though tho weather was unfavourable, the firing was considered to bo of no mean order. The first prize was taken by Mr. A. AV. Fraser, whoso soore was composed of soven points in five rounds at 400 yards; five in fivo at 600 yards; and six ia five at 600 yards ; or eighteen in all. Lieutenant Colbnel Rede, and Messrs. AV. H. Naldor, J. Knox, and J. F. Douglass scored seventeen oaoh, and wero consequently tics for the remaining prizes. On Bhooting-off, Mr. Douglass mado tho second prize, Lieutenant-Colonel Kudo iho third, »nd Mr. Knox the fourth. Mr. W. H. Nalder, who was looked upon as the certain victor from an early period of the match, did not morea?» his original score. Mr. Fnwkner's match was contested by thirty Volunteers who-had mado the gréaient number of points at 400 and 500 yarns together, and was shot at COO yards, fivo rounds each. After a yory spirited competition, during whioh six .competitors mado thirteen points, and four twelve each, the match had to be adjourned, ia consequence of darkness coming on bof oro it could bo concluded. It was concluded on Saturday*, the 21st instant. Mr. Weldon again remained tlij victor, after having mado ties of runo points oaoh with Mr. Douglass. The latter, of course, took the Bocond prizo, and Mr. Ciss the third. In addition to -the nbovo, thoro havo beon matches between various corps, and scarcely a Saturday passes that several friendly contests of tho;kind do not take placo at tho various butts near town. SPORTING. The only sporting event meriting notice during the last month has been the annual field-day of tho Melbourne Hunt Club, on the Melbourne course, a grand steeplechase day, to conclude a most successful season. The Hunt Cup, a worthy trophy, was carried off by an excellent and true-hearted sportsman, Mr. Roger Kelsall, who has on all occasions for some years strenu- ously supported the interests of the turf and the hunt. The success of Mr. Kelsall's horse Jack up-the-Orchard was hailed on all hands with pleasure, and the chase itself was highly creditable to all the gentlemen who took part in the honourable and spirited contest, which was watched with much attention by the crowds of visitors present on the course. A horse and hound drag gallop, a novelty, was also much appreciated by tho spectators, and much satisfaction was ex- pressed at tho circumstance that Mr. James Henderson with his favourite beagles, Tune- up and Melody, won both the gold and silver collars. The metropolitan racing clubs have arranged to hold their Spring Meetings-the Jockey Club on the 14tb, 15th, and 16th October ; and the Turf Club on the 7th, 8th, and 9th November. For these meetings a very large number of horses are in training in the metropo- litan districts, and some localities in the pro- vinces are also busy with preparations for tho coming contests. It is not anticipated that many horses will be brought to Victoria from the neighbouring colonies ; but from New South Wales Mr. De Mestre has already brought his Melbourne Cup entries, consisting of Archer, by William Tell, by Touchstone- Miss Bowe ; with Inheritor, by Bookworm ; and Exeter, by Waver- ley, the sire of Veno, the former Sydney cham- pion. The Two Thousand Guineas Stakes, a weight-for-age race, the principal event of the Jockey Club Meeting, and the Melbourne Cup, a handicap similar to the Chester Cup, the prin- cipal race of the Turf Club gathering, continues to excite some attention and interest in sporting circles. CRICKET. Our criokoting season may KOW bo said fairly to have commenced. Tho preliminary meetings of the various clubs havo passed off satisfactorily, and the membors of each havo oorumonced thj practice initiatory to a summer campaign. Ri viewing tho circumstancos of each club, and th) increased interest which is being tukon in this our national game, thcro is every reason to bolieve that tho ensuing bcason will bo one fraught with more oxoiting events than its predecessors. A winter's rocess has not been idly spent by many of the clubs, butEteps have been taken to ensure i heir botter organization ; nor has it affected tho Veiling' of ¿hohe who lost season specially distinguished themselves in that branch of cricket-as has -been proved by tho match already played on tho Melbourno ground. As ,in former yc.irs, the Melbourno Club still ' holds the foremost place, but it will find - a formidable rival in its Richmond neigh- bour, the first meeting with which is Efixel for the 5th of next month. As regards thoso wl» may bo called our professional playors - G. Mar- shall, who by tho way is now a Boniface, has boon retained by the Melbourne Club; G. Elliott, faithful to tho club of which ho has always bool f uch a conspicuous member, will play with Rio1! mond ; Jerry Bryant, almost entitled to the term " veteran," sticks to Melbourno, and has airéala proved that his oyo is as correct as ever. 8. CoBlick, whose bowling last year elicited so muo'i well-merited admiration ; and Conway, who, ai a leader of the celts, so distinguished himself last ee.-iEon, have already shown that thoir play is not deteriorated by the winter holi- days. Judging from the only match yo', played-between tho old and now chums oí the Melbourno Club-thcro is every reasoi to supposo that the mon of last year will still be found " in the right plncc." Tho variou i grounds have boon considerably improved during the recess, and in that respect tho All Eleve i will have no reason to complain. It now U Heated asa matter almost of certainty that tiny will visit us, and great will bo the disappointment should anything occur to prevent them fro n so doing. It is understood that no practicable arrangement will he overlooked by Messrs. Spien and Tond, through their agent, and therofora thcro is every prospect of their BUCCCBS. AUSTRALIAN BIKDS. | There are at prebcnt to ho seen-and they well deserve a visit-at the shop of Mr. Hoard, fish- monger, 50 Swanston-atrcet, a largo number of Rockhampton or North Queensland finches. There aro five different varieties, the mem- bers of one, charming httlo birds, nmong.it whose pretty plumage red predominates, singing, we are informed, as sweeily and as powerfully I as a canary. All aro smaller than any English rong-birds, not excepting the tiny wren, and all are beautifully marked. They seem entirely happy and lively, take moat kindly to their new home, and no prettier pet for a lady'* drawingroom could possibly be found. Wo Junie of one pair among several purohased about a week since who are busily building their nest. Tbo cnterprizing importer of these beautiful birdi well merits the patronage of-all friends of acclima- tisation. One of (he varieties is the ohesaut breasted finch, probably the same as the Ami dina castancotkorttx of Gould ; and another, called the blackthroat, much resombles thi Amadina únela of the same author, who, in his splendid work on the Birdi of Autlralia, has figured several variotioi of the finches, and laments that so little was known to him of those of the Moreton Bay district, now the colony of Queensland. The popular names given to the other -varieties exhi- biting in Swanston-Btteet are the diamond finoh, the crimson finch (also figured in Gould's work), the speckled or painted finch, and the plaia colonreu green finch. There are also to bo seen at the same place some magnificent specimens ot the parrot family-the crimson-winged lowry, the large white cockatoo, &c; The entire collection, which numbt-rs ntaily 900, was brought down in tie Oi'y of Sjdtcy steamer, by Air. John ¿'Gregor. _ i AMUSEMENTS. Under the joint management of Messrs^ Holt »nd Hoskins, the Theatre Royal has been devoted for a few wooka "to dramatio perform- ances, but is now occupied by Mr. Lyater's operatic company for a short season, at the OJC piration of which Sir William and Lady Don (who are now on the gold-fields) will commence their second engagement. At the beginning of the present month Mr. Charles Young returned to tho colonial boards, after an absence of be- tween four aud five years, and was warmly wel- comed back. In tho burlesques of " Dido" and the " Bride of Abydos" ho obtained from a Mel bourso audienoo a ratification of the favourable opinions pronounced upon his performances by tho English press and public, and ho has boan tqually successful in comedy. " Money" atti the "Heir-at-Law" havo both been played with a remarkably efficient east at this theatre ; and tho Lord Duborly of Mr. Lambert, the Ezekiol Homespun of Mr. 0. Young, and tho Dr. Pangloss of Mr. Hoskins, rooalled to mind tbo best acting of tho best actors of the best days of tho British drama. MM, Poussard and Douay havo been giving occasional concerts at thi Theatre Royal, and privntoly at Governmeut House, and have thus strengthened and ex- tended tho reputation thoy had previously acquired as admirable instrumentalists. On Mon- day last, tho first night of the third opera season, "Lucrezia Borgia" was perfoimed by Mr. Lys ter's opora company, to a full house, whioh received Madame Lucy Escott, Mr. Squires, Mr. Farquharson, and tho othor loading favourites, with unwonted enthusiasm. Since then, "L\ Sonnambula" and "Maritana" havo boen re- peated, and " Martha" and " Don Giovanni" are to bo produced so soon as practicable. The Bianohis aro making a tour through the gold- fields, and Mr. and Mrs. Robort Heir aro playing at Adelaide. Tho estravaganza of "Aladdin" has enjoyed a protracted run at tho Princess's Theatre, and hu been one of tho most successful thiiv.-s of tli9 lund produced in this colony. This is partly accounted for by tbo clover acting of Miss Julii Matthews and Messrs. George Fnwcott and Stewart, and partly from tho fact of tho Chinsio constituting n not unimportant olemont of our population, so that tho points of a performance iu whioh tho costumo, customs, music, and siutrinj of theso Asiatics aro burlesqued, aro promptly percoived and keenly relished by tho audionaa. " Joorisse the Juggler," and the " Angel of Mid- night," havo been porformod at this houso, but met with indifferent sucaess. Mr. J. 0. Lambert has been engaged for n short period, and nightly appears as Daddy Hardaoro. His masterly act- ing in th'iB character stamps him as a genuine artist, and his return to Australia is a great gain to tho colonial Btago. The Philharmonic Society gavo tho oratorio ol "Israol in Egypt" a fow nights ago, at the Theatre Royal, with credit and effect ; and it ii interesting to observo tho establishment and growth of cognate societies in other parts of the colony. There is scarcely a town of any import- ance which docs not possess a musical association of some kind, and a tasto for muaio seems to bo ?universally cultivated. In some of tho mining townships efficient volunteer bands have beau organized J and in tho Botanical Gardons, adja- cent to this city, an alfresco concert of an agree- able character takes placo overy Saturday after- noon during tho Bummer montliB. COMMERCIAL. During tho month which has passed since the depsiluro of tho Benares, on the 20th Augmt, the markets havo boon disturbed by one of tkoäo sudden movements to which mining populations appear to bo periodically liable. About this time last year the Snowy Rivor was tho point of attraction ; at tho same period of 1858 thousands wero flocking off to Port Curtis. The nowly" opened up gold- fields in the middle island of the New Zealand group is tho land of promise at the present raomont. Up to Saturday last, above 8,000 malo adults hud cleared from this port for Otago, while it 1B calculated that about 2,00) miners are in Melbourno awaiting the de- parture of tho vessels now on the berth. This movement commenced about six weeks »go, and has fluctuated with the varying reports received from timo to time. Now that the intelligence begins to assume n déd- uite shape, the excitemont is in somo moasura allayed, and ono vessel, tho Aldinga, has brought back some sixty-five disappointed wanderors, A gold- jiaiding district of considerable extent, oapv 1 bio of nfibrding employment to some threa or four thousand miners, has been opened up. This I seems to bo almost the extent of tho informa- tion, and it may be safely predicted, that of tha thousands that will make their way to this gold- field, the majority will return to the profitable workings they havo thrown up hore for the pro in'iscs of fortuno in New Zealand. Of those who lushod lo Port Curtis in 1858, and to tlio Snowy River in 1800, tho majority roturnod to Viotor'm, apparently wiser, but certainly lesi wealthy. But so oxcitcnble does tho gold miner's témpora mont becomo, from tho very nature of his occu- pation, thnt those who have undergone the mut »re generally tho first to be earned away by a new ciy. Tho effect of movements of this kind is naturally prejudicial to commerce. Tho in- land storekeepers, finding they havo sttddoiilv lost some thousands of consumers, aro compelled to contract the amount of their dealings, while importers find money hard to collect, and doaliu»3 confined to the narrowest limits. Want of con li dence springs up, and tho bulk of tho cargoes arriv- ing lins to bo warehoused for want of a market. Importers and country doalors aro now suffering from such a condition of affairs. Tho Northam, with tho English July mail, was duo on the 10th inst., but did not arrive until tho 18th inst., in consequence of iho break- ' ing down of tho Moulton in the Meditorriiuoa'i. Tho delay was submitted to tlio more impatiently because this period of the year is always the dullest of the season, and because questions con- nected with our finnncial policy wero awaiting intelligence respecting the European money market. It however was not without its counterbalance of advantage, inasmuch a; it enabled the agonts for the railway de Vinturcs to announce that another batch cf ono million sterling of these securities | lad been successfully placed on tho London market. I It was at first believed that the banks hore would follow the example of tho London bank), and reduce the rate of discount, but this ha« not been dono. The rate of oxchango on Bar I land has, howevor, been reduced to ono per cant, jiiemium for Bixty days. The extraordinary rush of the mining populv lion from the interior towards tho port for ship- ment to Otago, has not as yot hod any very marked effect, on tho escort returns from tua gold-fields, while n considerable quantity in th) »gerogate has been brought to Melbourne by jithmo hands, and purchased by tho gold au I bullion brokers and the banks. Tho escorts last 1 v< ek brought down 30,060 ounces against 30,339 J j ounces for the corresponding week of I860, lu iliofollowing table, the returns for the two week) I aie given side by side, together with the totals u,) , to date. It may bo necessary to repeat that those l returns do not include tho parcels finding their way hither from the Gipps Land gold-fiolds, from I which 998 ounces wero received by the Keora, on Sunday, or from tho Jamieson gold-fiolds, now I jicldlng about 1,000 ounces weekly : Castlemaine íandbum .. . Maryborough .. >voca. Sack Crook Ballarat. Htglan (Flory Crook). .Marat . Stawell (Pleasant Crk.) ïroj the sdalo .. linton'« Blackwood lloonambel .. H«l Bank Ictili for tho wooka . I'm lou» escorts Totals for the years ..( 1,840,773 10 1801. oz. dwt. 8,477 0 0,090 O 814 0 1,886 0 1,231 O 0,813 10 716 19 628 0 1,402 O 8,470 10 1,031 0 CM 0 1,018 IO 1,220 0 80,008 0 1,809,807 10 1800. oz. dirt, 4,099 0 0,631 0 1,183 10 6,003 0 1,644 10 6,222 0 717 0 890 0 072 0 8,093 10 449 0 80,339 10 1,410,047 0 1,470,388 10 The total shipments for the year up to tho close of last week amounted to l,412,378oz.. or BB tons 16owt. 3qr. 231b. 2oz. troy, of tho value, at X4 per ounce, of £5,049,512. Up to tho cor- responding poriod of last year the shipments amounted to l,478,108oz., or 01 tons llowt. 3qr. fill). 8oz. troy, of the valuo, at tho samo rato, of £5,912,072. The banks havo 'been purchasers of gold ii rougbout tho month, at tho rato of £3 14s, 31. for standard gold. This, with the export duty of 2c. Cd. per ounco, brings the cost on board ship to £3 los. 9d. an ounce, exclusive of chargos. A < thùrate.thopricosofgoldfromthovariousdistrioU jun thus :-Omeo, Upper Yarra, Shady Crook, ¿3 9s. Cd. to £3 Us. lid. ; Dandonong, Jamioson's, and Big River, £3 13s. to £3 14s. Od. ; Castle- maine, Bendigo, and Mountain Creek, £3.1Gi. to £3 10s. 3d. ; Crooked River, Boggy Creek, Caltdoaia, and Anderson's Creek, £3 1(H. 'JJ. ; Maryborough, Dunolly, Avoca, and Raglan, ßj ?17«. 9d. to £3 18s. 3d. J Creswick and Brown's, £3 lbs. 0d. to £3 18s. 3d. ; Ballarat and Ovens, £3 lib. 3d. In the following table the quantities brought ¡Dto Melbourne weekly by the escorts from all fl-e gold-fields aro given separately for'thius months, ending the 20th ines. In tho last oolmua "Vi ill be found the totals for the correspondías: periods of 1800: Mîmmahi , ;iiiii§i§im Red Bank. iisiUligisii Mountain Crook. 'i'ë'giS'S'8« Tarnagulla. gigiaisigisig 'Ö'&'B ¡3 Iloiso's Crook. 3gS83ëëi8g.Ëiii iHliiigigigi JiiSillii SSSS33SÈ Maryborough. Bias»! LLS'JiliiL! Dunolly. SSSES Ballarat. I'l'l g s iii Inglewood. g1 li i'S'S 21 Raglan. 212 siS III Pleasant Greek. §131 Smythes i*lo IIIÍI1ÍHI IMS??} sassss Tho average weekly amount received by escort during tho second quarter of the year Miiountcd to 33,887ez. Subjoined is a state- ment of the averago weekly escorts for the srveral quarters since the boginning of 1857 : Weekly Average. Istqr...' 2ndqr. .1 Sid qr... 4th qr... I 1857. 43,810 44,103 51,310 53,011 1858. ox. 41,025 45,200 48,235 48,017 1850. oz. 41,082 44,417 44,523 80,084 1S60. 37,082 30,517 40,204 87,723 1801. 30,713 33,887 It cannot bo expected that the average of tho current quarter will bo maintained in thoabsouoa during the latter half of it of so many of th? mining population. It will, however, bo in excess of that of the second quarter of tlio year, but not up to that of tho corresponding quarter cf1800. Tho following is n list of the gold ships which Lave sailed since the 1st of July : Dat6 of Sailing. Ship. Destination. | Ounoes, July 2l » > 2 1, 30 1\. '20 Aug. - 31 .1 I« 11 v20 Sept. 16 Swiftsuro .. Adolicia .. James Wilson .. Mncolnuliiro UtopH .. Minerva .. Northam .. Prinoo Coniort . Augl<<«y .. King df Algorfa . Benares .. Roxburgh OAKIIO Wonna Wonga . Joshua Batos . Wul!o«loy .. London .. Batavia .. London .. London .. Calcutta 'long Kong . Point de Gall . Calcutta.. London .. Bombay.. Point do Gallo. Lonlon .. Sydney ., nong Kong London .. 61,217 143 10,037 61,774 7,142 2,818 72,830 1,033 51,611 60,89) 129 7.O0L 70,001 In our last monthly report wa had occasion ti notice that a disposition prevailed in Melbourne to diminish the quantity of commercial paper i float. This feeling has increased, of necessity, since the movement of the mining population haï ret in. The banks have taken the lead in this matter; and private capitalists have shown, by tho high rates asked for oven the shortest acco- modation, their desire to draw within narrow compara their dealings in this direction. Credit has suffered, especially in the country trade. The large numbers of miners leaving certain districts point to a falling-off in consumption ai a natural consequence of tho decrease of 001 EurnorF, and fis the credit systom has boen per- mitted to extend to all classes, without roferoaoî to tho possible risk of a great exodus, confidouoa in the soundness of business has become lessono I by the events of each succeeding week. This feel- ing has extended perhaps beyond its duo bouii'li. The yield of gold hnB not been lessened by tha (migration whioh has already taken place, and i'. is probablo tho ranks of tho producers will le rocruited from those hitherto employe I in catering for publio wants. No paying chums aro likely to bo Riven up altogether because tho Into owners havo abandoned them. And it is admitted on all hands that tho country will not [suffer by any redistribution cf the occupations of tho pcoplo, whioh diminishes tho number of those who seek their irenns of livelihood out of trading merely. Tha n onoy market, however, becomes heavier amidst the changes which aro taking placo. Tho Bottling down in values of properties, and in the rout) derivable from thom, continues, and money is not now to be borrowod on land or improvements, except with a very wido margin. Tho banks havo made no change in thoir rate* of discount, but in thoir Belling rates of exchange they havo submittod to a declino of .J per cent. The rates of discount stand at for t.vj months', 8 ptr cent. ; for threo months', 1) per (int. ; tor four months', 10 percent. Interest is allowed on time deposits at tho following lafes :-For deposit at thirty days' notice, fro n IA to2^)or cent, per annum ; at three months' LÖtico, from 2 to 2J. per cent. ; ut B'IX months' notice, from 4 to 4A per cent. The Belling price 1 cf exchange on Ellisland aro at 1 per cent, pre- mium for sixty days' sight, 2 per cent, for thirty days', aud2Jpercont. for small sums under ±'S0. The rate chargod by tho Peninsular ani Oriental Company for the^ transmission of gold and bullion from Melbourno to the Bank of Eng- land is 1J per cent, including insuuiuco. Tha Oriental Bunk Corporation charges for thirty «lays' exchange-On Bombay, Calcutta, Madrai, 2s. Id. per rupee ; China, 5s. Id. per dollar ; Ceylon, 3J per cent, premium ; Mauritius, 4s. 2 1, per dollar ; Singapore, 4s. lid. per dollar. In making the reduction inline rate of their drafts on England, tho banks havo been in- fluenced by the largo shipments of soveroigni which have been made by late opportunity 1, The ¡6BUO of £1.000,000 of railway debentures ia London, to bo drawn against from this sido, haï operated towards this chango, as alto may havo doncto como extent the ponding issue of the firab quarter of a million sterling of tho million of these securities resorved for this moiket. Tha Government have advertised for tenders for tha 1st of October for £250,000 sterling, on doba-i tures redeemblo in twenty-five years from their respective dato, to bo issued in the following manner :-£125,000, in debentures of £100 oaîh, dated 1st October, 1858 ; £G2,C00. in debonturai of £50 each, dated 1st October, 1800; £18,750, in debentures of £25 each, dated 1st October, 1800: and £43,750, in debentures of £10 each, dated 1st October, I860. These debentures will bear interest at six per cent., secured on the oon eolidated revenue of the colony, payable on lit April and 1st October of each year. Our local share market has been supported in almoBt every kind of joint-stock enterprise, ox cept in mining undertakings. The railway com- panies have suffered to somo extent. The Mol I oucno and Suburban Company has been assem- bled several times, for tho purpose of taking the opinions of shareholders on the course to bo pur- sued. It has been resolved to seek, at the hand« of tbo Legislature, full powers to enable tho oorn ]'any to lease or dispose of tho entire interest ia the line. Mining companies havo suffered a severa and continuous depression, until this kind of se- curity can scarcely be quoted. In another column will< be found the latest prices marked by the Comknittoe of tho Stock Exchange. The Bales reported last week were as follow : ? On Monday, National Bank of Australasia, Gi 9s. ; -Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway,-¿41; Melbourno and Suburban Railway, .10s. ; Ilust lirVRocf (Mining}. 7s.; Johnson's -Reef, 17«. On Tuesday ;- Melbourne and "Qobson's Bay Ballway Company, £4110s, ; Australasian Insur- ance Company, £1 6s. Gd. ; Hustler's Rest (Minirjg), 7s. On Wednesday, in consequenoo.of the di livery of the moil, there wero not any galas to report. On Thursday the following7^ »arked -.-National Bank of Australasia- f.io!'! Eustlor a Reef (Minins>), Alining Company, 2s. Gd. _ _... cal Ban k of Australasia ' £3 qf? Bustler's. Reef (Minim-), 7s. Od.; MaryWuk '. ??; C9- i Sandy Creek Povert» > uniting;, ?» ui>. uu,, au xvor, caledonia nt ii Ks.; Star Reef, at 2s. Cd.; Victoria Reef, at 6V Cd. ; and Saturday, Melbourne and Ilobson's Ba» l.silway, £41. During the current week fe» tiansaotionshavo taken place, , Tho following ¡B a statement of the traffia icturnsof all tho railway lines in operation in "Victoria for the month of July, with the oxeen <ion of tho Essendon, the returns of which ham i ot yet been published periodically : Government Lines Welbournoandllob' Eon's Bay Slclbourno and Sub- urban St. Kilda and Brigh- ton Pas Bongors. 0272 l8 8821 0 2434 0 772 11 Total. 16771 10 5 088016 S 2134" 9 r 7 6 810 19 0 Sales of tho following stations havo been effected since the departure of the lost mail ?_ Hie lato Mr. G. Milner's, near Colac, with 7817 n res of purchased land and 3,200 head of cattle fcr £30,000; threo unstocked runs on the Dar* ling, and the Calini Station on the Edward River" Kew Bouth Wales, with 1,300 head of cattlo I 11 ixed fattening herd, the run fenced in, all ¡in. povements,plnnt, &o.;, given in, for £14,600' The first portion of the now clip of wool, con risting of washed fleece, wns received on tho ïlth. instant at tho stores of Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co., from the station of Mr. T. A. Brown UMa Boga, near Swan Hill. Sevornl large pni eels; ara icportcd on the way, some of which are expected 1 o arrive in a fow days. The sales for the season will, we understand, commence about tho middla cf Ootober. ; Tho unsatisfactory condition of trade may ha fathered from tho remarks nlundy made, and from those prefixed to tho prices current in »nether column. There is very little prospect of any other improvement taking plnco for some time to como except that caused by tho drafting eff of supplies to the outlying stations by tho r£ turning wool drays, Tho Customs returns for tha pnEt week give tho imports at the declared valuo cf £393,739, and tho exports at £401,595,'the lalance being in favour of exports to the sura 0f £7,860. Among the exports wo notice tho follow irg articles ot colonial produce ¡-Black sand (tin), 7 tons -, bones, 5} tons ; bran, 18,838 lufhols; copper, 35 tons ; copper oro, 230 tons - flour, 298 tons ; gold, 01,263 oz. ; hay, 9 ton« ; Indes, 2,018 No. ; live stock-horned cattle, 4' JXo. ; horses, 55 No. ; sheep, 1,G52 No. ; skins, 3,382 No. ; tallow, 1413 ton" ; wool, 187,4781b. frpcoio was imported to tho vnluo of £20 rnd exported to that of £59,200. In the follow- ing tablo the impoits mid exports aro given weekly for tho current year up to dato, coiu rnred with tho same periods of 1800, according to the values declared at tho Customs :- < Week ending «lilli. 0 ?> l8 :: 12Û try! jûW Aug. Imports. 111,798 872,812 222,831 660,189 476,010 404,614 166,888 434,006 102,614 834,814 287,027 801,801 201.080 106,971 421,481 821,224 100,179 470,046 460,491 177,780 242,010 168,231 88,482 200,821 216,602 805,177 280,930 248,861 426,928 86,814 140,444 03,877 617,041 220,208 93,503 209,740 649,783 817,780 180,106 804,407 181,130 400,471 827,705 197.193 821,611 117,112 141,000 260,350 243,602 263,091 224,004 106,684 84,847 200,181 809,121 255,703 801,007 204,309 184,274 172,614 149,896 108,472 181,70(1 126,201 219,833 202,300 847,480 420,660 821,071 190.176 480,761 158,822 202,700 518,05t 198,843 393,789 Exports. 1800. £ 185,822 167,183 402,004 872,880 116,127 247,lf8 174,013 480,192 229,230 209,700 206,638 173,271 138 620 2S0.CC0 184,094 180,058 818,030 40,683 267,481 4S7.088 190,101 83,716 269,161 204,864 184,216 71,402 181,870 275,152 68,013 801,02(1 99.871 810,333 60,810 001,047 ISO 800 78,73 V 812 774 47,014 10,028,7371 0,385,473 I 8,244.074 8,629,519 In tho flrat period tho account i tooti thmi : Import.£10,028,737 Exporta .. " .. .. 8,214,674 Enlauco ot imports over orporU .. £2,8S4,C03 In the second period : Imports Exports Valanco of Imports ovor exports.. .. £805,054''. Tho following is a statement of tho stocka in bond at tho port of Molbourno on the 21st Sep- tember inst. :-Colonial spirits, 1,090 cask«; liondy, 4,448 hhds. 44,790 cates; rum, 1.960J liltdp. 35 cases ; geneva, 04J hhds., 30,G26Vod 7,274 green casos ; whiskey", 855 hhds. 2br737 (¡it os ; old tom, GS0A hhds. 15;826 cases ; cor- dials, 2,175 cases ; spirits of nine, G3J IthuB ; other spirits, 105 hhds. 3,545 cases j vviiio, 3.138 Hitis. 13,879 cases ; beer, 4,083 hhds. 4,129 cases fi d casks ; tobacco, 3 hhds., 24 casks, 19 bajes, 5 tierces, 1,158 half-tierces, 220 quarter tiorces, £08 kegs, 0,519 three-quarter boxes, 0,190 oases rr.d boxes ; cigars, 000 cases ; BnufT, C9 packages ; tea, 20,572 chests, 19,987 half-chests, 15,G42 I exes ; coffeo, 1,2G4 bags, 2 tierceB, 524 casks, 3S0 barrels; sugar, 479 bags raw; chicory, 512 rcckoges ; opium, 31 chests, 177 pnekages. Stock held by Victoria Sugar Compnny-Refined,"4G8 tous ; raw, 742 tons ; in process, 43G tons ; troaplo, 420 tons : total, 2.06G tons. The Insohcncy Circular for tbo month of August gives a ÜFt of 107 sohetlulcs filed in Mel I otme, and 45 filed in Geelong. In the Mel 1 curno Court 43 certificates wore granted,-ono mt ponded, and one refused. In tho Geelong Comt six certificates wcro granted. Tho lttsol \ tntB at Melbourne aro thus classified accordinir to their trades and callings:-3 accountants,2 Artists, 1 barman, 1 blacksmith, 1 brewer, 3 I utchors, 3 cab and coach proprietors, 1 cabinct n oker, 5 carpenters, 1 cattle-dealer, 1 cartor, 8 clubs, 1 clothier, 3 commission-agents, 2contrac- tors, 1 comedian, 1 confectioner, 1 dressmakor, 1 dniggist, 1 drover, 0 farmers, 1 gentleman, 1 ¿n'rpcrbeor maker, 2 ironmongers, 4 labourers, 1 II rjTkot-pnrdouor.lmorchant, G miners, lpaintor, 30 publicans, 1 quarryman, 0 restaurant-keepers, 3 niddlor, 1 salP8man,l sauver, 1 schoolmistress, 1 t-liocmaker, 3 stonemasons, 1 squatter, lsbaro 1 teller, 8 storekeepers, 1 tintmith, 1 wharf rptnt, 1 wine nnd spirit merchant, 1 calling1 not stated. At Goolong tho trades and callings aro thus stated :-3 bakers, 1 butcher, 1 commission, rgent, 3 contractors, 4 farmorB, 1 harnessmaker, 1 labouror, 11 minorB, 1 not stated, 0 publicans, 1 quarryman, 9 storekeepers, 1 surveyor, 1 tobac- conist. Among tho other items of insolvency lusincBS, wo notico that 13 assignments vvero niodo for tho benefit of creditors, plans of distri 1 ution woro filed in 27 estates, and dividends Mero declared in 10. I IMPORTS At the Port of Molbourno from the 31st;July lo 14th Soptembor, 1861, compared with the corresponding period of I860. V alites. Agricultural un nlemonta Alkali-Soda, tons .Apparel and Blops Ammunition Fuse, caps, &c..; Towdor.. Eliot, toni ArmB Guns and pistols Arrowroot, lb. .. Hags and sacks .. Balk, tons leer Bottled.. Draught Biscuit, tons Blankots nndwool lena .. - Teats Tcoka Ecots andaboos.. Bran, bushols .. rrlcka Bath .. Building, No. .. lluBhwaro Tulldlng matorials Butter, tona Ccbbagc-treo Candles, tons Csndlowlck Cam-as Carpeting.. Carriages, carts, io. Cal kr, empty .. Cement, .. Cliccso, tons Chicory .. Cblnaworo Cider Ccttlfl, tons Cocoa and choco lato,lb. Codeo Coko and fuel, tona Confectionery 1800. 8,840 1.472 00,615 4,069 11,792 108 767 474 8,990 16 80,182 80,774 i,r" 25,710 12,684 80,808 5,729 60 463 4,708 0,106 40,000 40 81,841 10,857 7,884 048 1,692 806 28,060 067 87,701 760 1,650 Quantities. 1861. £ 6.617 2,083 C9 780 2,187 7,060 400 4,183 677 11,747 186 40,867 78,88' 190 28,070 10C 8,627 104,300 4,600 140 1.1 2,712 11,819 60 52,818 120 1,840 1,060 8,180 <? 20 i',*i 11,026 1,778 , 1,760 20 411 20,097 15,464 61,245 67,465 861 *282 12,123 11,808 "Ï6S 8.12? . - 17.4H 01,8» 22JÔ21 "Î17 1 ~m i - 7« oí¿!«T 8,35s Copper, tons C i ,troro,tons.. Ci>(.pcrwaro t_. i Jogo, tens . ivttnns .. < i tton wanto (VUery .. In ipcry .. 1MI#I .. Di iiggisto' waro .. E-trthenwaro X «ney goods IVt . Fish rrcsh Presen od Salted, tons .. PI \, do .. Flour, do. I-i »It Bott'cd Dr.cd, tons .. (..roon, bushels I< iirnlturo and up holatory (I 0-19 Hot tics.. Plato .. <\ indow Oiissworo (tiiiti Oi lil lent .. «rilli ''it loy, bushels li jans ispeando Maizo, do Malt, do. OatB, (lo. !,ii.e, tons Wheat, busholH Clinday .. Oriiiilstones J iiboriWshory .. }l iii toil.. 1J ml Miro and ironmongery .. rials und caps .. 31 ni lons,. Hide*, No.. Holluwaro Hone}, lb.. H i)>8, do. Ilo-iory . 1 lullarubber goods Inttrumeii ta- il usicul.. Soicntillc li »li, tons Jowdlcry.. Lend, tons Luithor, owt. Loitliorwaro Linen the stock O»itlo, No. Horse«, do. l'igs, do. Poultry.. Sheep, No. ( mulls, do. Ttlrds . Dogs, No. lu.ihlticry Jlnrblo .. Mutches and vestas 21 its mid ruga Meal Corn, tons Oat, do. 11\. tul Yellow, tons Jtililnory .. iloloisca IMHIS and scrowj, i< us Nap.lu ai d cam jiblno, gils. .. IVots 2\tils Oars 0Ü Jllack, gils Cocoami', do,.. Colza, do. Ki reseño, do, .. UiibCid, ilo. .. Olivo, do >? penn, do. Unduseribcd,do Oilcloth .. Oilmen's stoics .. Onions, tons Op um Paintings and on giavinjrs Paints, Í.C . 1'npcrhangings . Perfumery Plmtu^raplilo goods Pipos-Tobacco .. Piten, tar, Lo. . PI nits and seeds.. PHto and plated «aie Pi umbers' waro Po aloes, tons Piwtrvos . Printing inateilals Prjilmons Pictricd Suited, tona Quicksilver llu tin ay materials Kt-.ni bnt'illory .. Sajo, lb, Silt, tons . Shlpchandlory .. bil» bums h i ii, No. 1J->|), tons.. H|M.C10 bpulmons of Na- tural Hlstoiy . bl'KUS .. b). ntJ- > Urandy.. Uuduils l.m Ol Mino . Pei fumed Kimi j,. V. lnskey Umlcciibod .. Hpon.e .. .. attioliandblue .. Btitinnory Steel, ton^ t-u in. Jimkling, tons.. Mil .. i'um» . .. fetou waro öu"'-r Tullun, tons Tai to. i .. Tui, e esta lil uriphio m»to TLI n und tarpau- lin.,* ,. U >nil> r Dcih, No, LtUlu,bundles.. Palings; No. .. Lo,'« and pilos, ilo. Poits and rails, iii. Sawn, foot alunóles, No. tpiiH MiicoUaneous . Tm Thin aro ,. .1 oonoo .. 0,200 1,788 8,3b 1 1,323 2>,160 713 8,076 299,707 10,876 1,076 7.806 1,007 4,850 20 8,232 1.Ï07 401 81,010 1,015 21,066 11,108 10,616 1,013 43 10,853 17,235 12,88« Id 8.76 4USW 1,054 00 61,6081 0,108 1,000 12,008 Sil 5,728 1,00' 44,470 7,231 8,800 1,1011 1,813 ?,03t 16 8, 80 3,000 70 413,6 1)70 8,121 1,05o 1,210 7,8)b liar, 10,226 057 3,034 870 1,50! 6,82! 316 l/lll 11,034 4,376 185 8.3UJ 4.83H 1,01(1 2,283 33,03 i«,066 21,60" 11,28 1,76' 18,313 7! 8,2t> 2,770 llô.Olf, l,10d 13,717 116 3.31C 3S32¡ 5.05ÍI 1,820 20,233| 0,814 016 200 80,073] 3,200 71 1,001 6,40 1,377 10,605 3,002 3,700 10(1 0,303 1801. £ 11,153 10,600 1G1 878 V 17,740 821 1,27» 840,612 14,040 1,006 6,282 1,168 7,700 162t¡ 11,804 2,281 4,803 14,007 2,273 6,058 l8 150 3,145 200 8051 27 001 13,505 O.OIIJ IS 007 550 03 13,557 83,027 10,072 85 3,550 1,305 18,241 0,01 2,001 3,090 1,171 1,860 SOO 1,800 8,2101 16,277 2,700 8,747 6,331 110 120 2,007 4,305 1,73" 1,117 3,260 10,602 000 35,001 227 16,015 3,870 2,051 211 971 000 1,1001 8,610 1,310 123 6,700 11,773 8,016 01701 1,031 7,405 100 7,6S4 1,1 874, 60,000 01,021 76 80,088 40 1,335 4,851 2,050 2,000 601 * 2,610 50 00 000 02,303 (I 100 32,730 555 18,722 000 2,173 1278 3,856 1,890 2,111 2,500 001 05 35,008 1,200 2,404 2,808 8,003 Quantities. 1,760 3,721 72 70,603 33,053 07,309 722 135,675 1,400 21,100 2,840 0,423 1,000 640 20,105 1,120¡ 80,010 2,000 253,007 8,708 1,214 411,800 25,400 1,000,583 70,000 62,944 0,30) 18,705,341 137,000 EXPORTS. Agricultural un pli monts Alkili-Soda, tons .Appin.] and slops Ann» and ammu- nition Arro« root B.i"'3 and sacks .. Birk, tons Beer Bottled, gala. .. Draught, do. .. Bl cult, tons .. Jil iel- 6and, do .. Blankets and wool lena Sones, tons Books Boots and shoes .. Uran, buaholi .. UrictiB Brushaaro Building materials Suttor, tons Caudles, do. Canvas .. Cirrisgos, carts, io Cables, empty Cement, tons Cheese, tons Chicory .. Chlnatvnro Cnlir Coals, tons Cocoa and choco- late, lb... < oin.o Confectlonory « oppcr, tons Copper oro, do. I opnenvaro Coruago, tone Corks Cottell "t tu i ry 6,700 174 1,000 1,181 1,422 7,6.0 601 911 261 78 144 2,914 189 241 187 237 211 810 111 4,278 6,600 6,762 1,960 637 985 899 176 800 1,818 11,890 85 136 88 1.12* 1,672 2,030 1,257 1,471 6,838 247 0,918 9,980 I 14 T881 ti 33 ""2,737, Quantities. 1,872 10,190 1861. "~12 4,134 0,083 833 13,000 Xrnpery .. I rngB Tartlionware fancy goods Fish Salted, tons . Preserved Dmr, tons riuit Dried, do Oreen, bushels Tumituro Glassware dost Bottles Plato .. Window OlaeBwaro Cold, ounces Cialn Barley, biubols Malzo, do. liait, do Oats, do. Bice, tons < rlndery .. Cuano, tons Ilalcrdnshery . Hnrdwaro and Ironntongory Hair, tonB Hats ami caps Bav-, tons.. Hides, No. llolloivaro Hops, lb. .. Horns and hoofs.. Hosiory HbtECB Icdiniubbnr poet's Irstrtimcntb - Muelcol.. Scientific Iron andbtccl, tonB Jewellery., lead, tona leather, do. linen live stock Cattle, No. Horses, do. Sheep, do. Machinery I aiblo Hatches nndvestos Katsanil ru.B . Heal-Oat, tons. 1'lllinery.. i itedlancous II oin fctcs .. Ivnlls and scrows, tens Sets XlltB Cnrs Oils, gals. Oilmen's stores Opium laints .. 1'alntlngs nnd on gravlngs rapcrllanglnga . Pirfumery llutographie goods .. Pitch and tar Pipes-Tobacco . Plants and seeds. Plate and plated vi aro } otatocs, tons Preserves .. I rlnting materials Prov Isloua Prciorvcd Snlled, tons Quicksilver lege, tons Kcsln Saddlery .. £ago, lb. .. Salt, tons. Ship-chandlery Silks Skins Hates Soap, tons liccio-Gold Specimens of Natu- ral History Sceller Spices S] kits Brandy, gals. .. Cordials Oin, gals. Perfumed, do... Bunn, do ?Whiskey, do. 1860. & 9,704 701 224 317 6,047, 4,161 1,209,003 4,034 7,018 3,620 238 20,080 108 113 2,740 1,118 2,070 7,070 091 4 948 1,428 849 1,097 1,119 602 078 173 60 2,630 170 3176 124,018 16,367 125 4,160 14 710 1,160 7,411 1,001 10,780 2,476 8,010 267 80,465 17 186L £ 86,028 1,689 101 8,029 l,18i| 10,085; t, 1,074 18| 918 809,263 11,661 110 1,005 102 8,997 81 8,883 610 "l18 507 700 1.797 1,203 SOO 2,160 200 1,616 0,160 7,012 1,472 86 170 2,891' 1,158 070 8.473 4,i92| 2.0C0 Quantities. 310 2,180 810 1,814 2,7781 1,433 16 3fj> lit 78 600 109,507 lit coo 881 15,047 Sid 6,178 9 2,144 2,073 22» SI, 1,821 84 15,211 7,824 18,924 1,219 8,020 438 18,674 206 817,453 240 28,478 478 27,901 ¿48$. 112 106 7,706 8,357 3,500 670 B0.907 0,653 9,483 8,401 821 0,899 419,869 MELBOURNE MARKETS. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25. TH8 MILLS. Millers report business qulot, tho ttade continuing to purcliaso sparingly. Prices are, how-over, un- changed, and aro quoto 1 as follows :-Pine flour, £15 ; seconds, £18 per ton ; Haxall and Gallego do., 123. fcrbarrol; bran, Is. 60. to Is. 6d. per but bul ; oat, meal, £24 to £26 per ton. Wheat purchased at from 5s. . rd. to 6s. per bushol (or Victorian iu.d Tasmanian mil 6B. 3d. to 6s. Oil. for South Australian, RETAIL MARKETS. Butchers' Meat.-Beor, 2d. to fid. per lb. ; mutton, I 2d. to 4Jd. do. ; veal, Oil. to Sd. do. ; pork, 8d.to 01. do. Poultry.-Turkoys, 7s. to Os. each ; gcoso, llj. to 16s. por pair; ducks, 7B. to 9s. do. ; fowls, Cf. to 6s. do. ; rabbits, 4s to 6s, por braco ; butter, fresh, Is. 3d. to IB. Cd. por lb. ; eggs, 1B, 3d. is 1*. t d. por dozon ; milk, Cd. por quart ; bread, 7}d. to 91. Hit 41b. loaf. | HAY MABKET. The supply sent in considerably exceeds tho demand i rd eales tro difficult to effect, as growers decline sub 11 itting to reducod price; Tho quality at raarltot is dilcfly inferior ; and as groen food is becoming plentiful, li wer rates are looked for. Quo attona aro :- Boss I ay, £7 to £8 ; Inferior, and socond-olana, £4 to £0 por ton. Straw abundant, at from £2 10s. to £3 per ton EASTERN MABKET. The supply at market, this morning, although rredcrato, was goneralty of good quality, and mot a quick sale, at prlocB quito equal to last Saturday's ntis. The following aro tho pricos procured: 1 «gttoblcs.-ArtlchokoB, Ijd. per lb. ; asparagus, 2'. i 0 6e. por 100 ; boot, Is. to l8 6d. per dozon J bouquets, £1. to 12i, per dozen- cabbages, 1B. to 4P. per dozon; imots, 8d. to IB. por dozen bunches ; cauliflowers, 3i. te 8B. per dozon ; colery, 1B. Oil. to 6s por dozon ; iriBr, water, Is. per dozon bunches ; horooradlsb, Sd. to Is. per bundlo ; lacks, Od. to 8d. per dircn bunches; lottucc, Od. to Is. par dozen; n arjorara, Gd te 8d. por dozen bunches ; mint, Od. to 5b. per dozon bunches; onions (dried), 10s. ta 20a por tv t.; do (ercon), 6d. por dozon bunches; parsloy, Od. to Is. per doiton bunches ; parsnips, Od. ti Is. por dozon Hrches; peas, 4d. to 5Jd. por lb ; potatoes, tit. rtr cwt ; do, younir, ljd. per lb.; radish, Od. 1 ( r dozen bunches ; rhubarb, 3s. to 69. per ti zen bunches ; sago, Is. per dozon bunchos ; teal ale, li. Od. to 6s. per dozon bunches ; >|inoch, 2d., per lb.; sprouts. Is. to li. Ol. ]ir dozen; thymo, Oil. per dozen bunchei ; I U'jrlps, 6d. to li. pot dozen bunchos ; vegotablo m»r 11CW8,2s. per dozen. Dairy Produce-Buttor, lo. 2d. 1 cr lb. ; ducks, 61. to 63 Od. por pair ; eggs, is. 31. to It, 80. per dozen; geese, 10s. to 12s. per pair; hens, in lb. ; rabbits, 3s. to 4s. 0d. per pair ; sucking pig], 7e Od. to 10s each ; turkoys, 12s to 101, per pair. WOOL, TALLOW, AND DIDE9. Motors. H. Ooldsbrough and Oo 'a report 1B as fol- lows:- "Wool.-Dm Ing tho month tho market his continued In tho (amo Inactivo stats as previously re- "' jertcd, there being llttlo or no inquiry,for toiuroi VCOIB, which havo Doon almost the only soita oilerlng. The arrival of tho EiiRllih mall, with news titne îrd of August, and »d vising a dcollioof from ljd. io id. per lb. in tho July and August serlos ol SIICB, lui itlll further depressed prices, and buyors do not appsar ¿itpoced to operate lu wools of any description unto« at a largo reduction. Tlio new clip commented lo »r livc about a fortnight ago, and as sovcral lots aro no nr in store, w 0 aro In a botter position to juigoof th»' probable condition of this year's growth than wai tho nie lut month. The winter having been mild, tha SeiceS|Wlll be light, and thoso Bborn m the iiroa'O « ill, v e think, bo found In better condition than lait noa ion ; I ut aB noola ofthls class havo bean selling very badly in the homo markot,growors wlU.no doubt, use every txor tlc n to wash their sheep, and the weather having been ,y ery wet for tho last two or three wooka most station » ?R ill bave plonty of water available for such a purpoio. ALOther consideration is. that from tho scarcity ot tonnage there is a probabil ty ot freights ruling high, which will of courso materially increase tho oxpenses cn unwashed wools. The clip will bo in asgood, and I rcbably bettor, condition than last season, as grower» aro now fully awaro of the class of « col most suitable for the requirements ol tho buyors, ano will, no donbt, use every oxoitlon to improve tho chsneter of ibiir respective brand). Tho publie Bales will com mmceiBOon after the ai rival ol tho mall duo loth October, it botrig advlsablo to postpone them until' then, In ordir to givo buyers an opportunity of icctlving advices of the progression and termina- tion of tho July and August sales, by which prices biro 1 will ia a great moasuro be ruled The li Mowing ships bave cleared daring the month »iib woolon board :-Aug 27, Roxburgh Castle, for Irrdon, 087 bales ; Bspi. 10, Wollolo}, for London, 172 bales ; previous shipments, 75,236,balts; to'.ai.' £tpt. 26,0860, lQ.Sept.SD, 1801, J0,69a.-balos._PrIcoj Current.-Superior flcice (nominal!}) nono offering, If. lOd. to Is. lid. ; ordinary to good, la. 6d. to Is. id ; inferior to go HI, IS. 3d. to Is. 6d. ; »üpoí.or jjrmy.ilOàd. to Is. ; inferior to good do,, 8d, lolOd. ; itp*r1ej-v8coured,, nono soiling, 2s, to 2«, V.. 1 i^Jnarv .Mrfell.' 1B. 6-i. to 1». 8d ; h-indwathei! If."id./to 1». OJ ; tlipo, 1-. to is 3d. Tallow. .-Tbore bfinpr liUlo or no demand foi colonial nae, nearly ill the lota cuasias furn rd ara »hipped lo lht bimonjaikit eil owners' account, Pilcos r ullin» fir tallow In shipping condition aro-for lieof and nixtd, £30 to £39; mutton, £11 ti £40 par ton. at Which wo liar« effected tall». < loiranofs duilng tin ri.or.lh have been-R-xburgh Castlo, 442 catto ; Wol )ei«]»y, 617 casLr. Hides.-Tho Moravia«, Clutha, uul Ti »j» atlantic ara now loading, and, wo bslieve, in all trout 82,000 bldrsvvill bo shipped bytboso véasela - li o Moravian taking 0 000, Olutb», 16,000, and Trtni ttiantic 10,000or 12.0J0. Wu hive nothoard of »iy Urge parcels having changed banda during tho month, ind tho only shipments havo beon two »mall lots by the Boxburgh Castlo and Wellesley. Quotations arc lorctuntry,lildes(wotaaUod), 10a. to 12c, :andforUrso Uta In shipping condition, 13a to 14s. cash." Kessrs. J. H. Clough and Co.'s report Is as follows : -"Tlool.-Our l.tit report was por Donares, datol Í4ih ultimo, aines which very few saloB have tikoi ] l> w atlied wcols) bel- g shipped on accoui.t of the owners ; I rices, therefore, beru aro cntirtly nominal Tho ad vleis just received of the opening of tbo London Jal/ ta'ts thowa cotikliler»b!a loss to shippers, mid will a? dcubt have the ofleot of causing a reduction boro oa lilt prices pall) ilii'Iog last season. Tho new clip lui et n rxenccd to atrlvo in Molboumo, and tbo brandi wo rave already ro:clvod into store al o both botter lu k routh and condition than they wcro last sear, and it Is reported that this will bo tho caso with this seasou'j i lip gonerally ; tho growers, therefore in submitting to lower prices, will, to eomo axtent, mako up trio tiiTerenco by tho increased weight ol their wool. Tno venal weekly salea boro will dainioiico at our waro kenses after arrival ef English mail due boro InOoti lei, which will bring a vices of tho conclusion, ne really so, of tbo July-August aorios of salr», and tha t x ci.ingprlC03liore will, of courue, depoud ontlrtly u o ,n li o tenor of tho samo. Tho lollov/ing shipments hav. leen madeslnecoiirlast:-Augiu622, Ila* burgh Cis-li, with 287 bales on board-400 Hales reported last unit ; i «plomber 10, Wellesley, with 072 bales; ada previous ihijinenta, 70,016 bales-total alnco Oo'.oberlO, 1SC0, 17,Ct6b»lo3. The lOustoniB cloarancos nineo cur lui II ve been, from August 17 to September 14,104.0¡8!b , v « luo £10,075 ; previous »hlpmonts, from Ootobjr I ), 38(0, to August 17, 1861, 10,069,1611b., valua £1,1.24,880 ¡-total, 17,184,0991b, valuo ¿1,336,501. 7 allow.-Tbo demand Ui shlpmout bas beon limitad ct.rlrg tho niontb, and baa consequently bi on shtpp d pi incipally on account ot UioinelterB. Oui quotations tie :-For beof and mixed, £40 to £44 per ton ; ti utton, £40 to £43 por ton, according to quality, ihr only fhipmmt has boen 612 casns tallow p r V clleBlcy. Hides havo declined in pr'ce boro about Is. each, thcro being no buyer» lu thoinnrkot, oxcopt tie curcre. Good hides, in Hhip^ing ordor, aro no-v vurtli 12s. cadi T¿o only shipmont of hides »lu io ci r last, per Wellesley, consists ot 7 J oas'is," LIVE STOOK. Met n?. Dalmahov Campboll aud Co, supply the aub. jtincd report:- "Fat Cavilo.-This market continu a I Hally our.upplitd, above 1,200 head having boan j aided dünnt; Monday and jestorday, constating: n catly of second quality. Wo havo to report a"on lidtrablo reduction in prices tliii week, and an tho ii ppllca front tho north aro now fairly setting in ( argo i i mbera being on tbo road, t > iirrlvo during the next liw week»), weoxptctto too prlccH still low or. Nicol li d Hunt'« bulloolo nvoroged £4 7a 9d , cowa £4 10a ; I cf silly's bullooki £4 9a, cows £3 13-. Od. ; those vcio Iront acroia tbo Murray. Tho beat lotofl";rod v a» Hutton's, from tho weitward, wblch avorag.ii Í 0 6s. 8d fcr bullocks, aud £6 10s lOd. foi cowa, ifut II eep.-The suppllos to hand in this morlto; havo been i ho greatly In excess of requirements, and tho grunter j al t consisted of good useful qualities. Rather over i IJ average amount of buslnoto ha? been dono amongst tie butcher», but, owing to tho largo numbers to hurd (al out 10,000), at a reduction of Irotn le. 0d. to 2s. per lindon last week's quotations. A considerable num. lir remain on hand, and, fatliug a domand for rhlp c mt, no lmiircvemont can bo cxpoctcd on tho ro- ll tinder of tho woek's sties. A few superior heavy v ethers brought from 10'. to 2CB. ; good ditto, from Ka to 17s. 9d., according to weight ; second qualitloi, lum 14«. upnards; good quality owo>, from 14s to It p.; sccono quality ditto, 12s 9d. Wo havo nold 1,170 of Mr Hubert Patterson'« wothora, at from 16-. to 17s. ; 1,IC0 of Mr Cbavo'a ditto, at from 17o. to 17 B, Od. ; also a small draft ot second- class owes, at lia 9d.,( ê Mr. Charles Brown'« report li as follows :-" F.it ct.itlo bavo como forward in largo nuuihcis, ubini-, 3.ÍC0 head having boen offend the last two days, i n ongst which were sotno very primo quality, bun tho I liées realized averaged considerably utiluv lato quo-» i it na. Fat ilieop also bavo boon largelysupplled, so .nu 30.COOhaving botn psunod, and a reduction ol is. tj li. ed. par head may bo noted. On Munday woro Bold II o followlog cattle : -Thompson and Co 'a (GIppi land), 212 bullocks, averaging £4 17s. Od ; Hutton'» ivn, westward, 121 bullocks, »vorágine; £0 6?. SJ. ; f utton'a run, «oBtwnrd, 97 cows, averaging £6 10s lOd ; Jones's (Gipps Lind), 100bullocks, tv.raglug£l is. 6d. On Imsday-Nicil nud HunlV, 122 bulleura, averaging £4 7s. 8d ; Doialllj '»,102 bullock«, averaging £4 Os.; Desaillys, 77 ooas, averaging £3 l8', ill. ; V hltehoail'H, 38 bullocks averaging £4 Is. 01 ; ^ hitehead'i), 104 rows, averaging £3 6s 2d ¡JOUO.'H (Gipps Band), 110 bullocks, avoMglng £3 1¿S DJ. Pit nrtophnvo lovllzod lOi to 20a for first quality, and 14B to 17s, lor BOO md quality," Mesera, POA or, Rutherford an] Co glvo tho si nexed report:-"Fat Cattle.-At no timo durlug Ibis ecaion havo wo experienced ro sudden a fill in 11 leca na cccuired »lila M cok. From tho continued < v er-supply, without corroipondlng consumption, tho market has received n cheek which itwliltako somo tlrro to reoivor. Quotations ate from 20a. to 80s par 1 lad lovvor than Ubtwotk Towards the close of tti9 n «jket things briglitoned a little, but still nflbrdod no lo. 0 that wo may cxpoot much alteration for tho letter. Wo liivo sold 45 culls at £2 18s. ; 97 from the Billibong, mostly cows, at £3 8s ; and 63 bul leeks, from near Hoathcoto, middling, at £4 it,. Od.; total, 505 [hoad. Host bullocks, £7 to ¿8.; second do, £5 to £6; Inferior do., £3 ti. £4 ; bett cows, £6 to £8; second do, £3 to £>. t alves.-Wo hive to noto a lull stiprlv, end cutisu «,v.ently low pricoi, from 20s. to 52». Oil. Fat Sheep - Cn tho wholo tho marlua muy hu »aid to lia-, ubina cull, with tbo prospect «f certainly not Improving. It has been ovldoct for romo timo that tho lato com 1 mntlvoly hluh quotations could not be maintained ft r any length of elmo, and that wo should have to ml mlt lo reduced rates In fact, fat shcop havo been alrtoat too high to loavo 11 fair profit to tho trade at I retent prices of meat Wo havo sold l8, Mr. Austin'«, j rino 0 quarter bred Iicieestoi'e, from North bhoro, 1 nek Ponds, quite show tli'tip, at 28s Od. ; 10 >, Crlghton's, at |1G«. ; 1,017, Ohlrncido's, at 18a. all icuiid;987, Thompson and Chrisp, wolhors 19s.OJ. ti- 20a., ewes 14s uti.; 1,000, from tho Murray, at 17s. Total sold by UB, 8,182. Bevt wothorB, 10a. 01. 10 21t-.; second, 16s. to 18s ; o*ci, 13s, to 14a. 6d. 1 nobs.-A larpo Bupply, and prices filling. Quotv tiens;-7B. to 12s. 9d." LABOUR MARKET. } or sorao weeks past ino demand for nil clus.-ca of latour has lioen very dull, and coinpvratlvcly but fow 11 (.'»gemenis wcro mado. Within tho last week, how- lit r, on Improvement has sot in, and as tho vveathsr I ccomes moro sottlod, tho demand will Improve. Itlarrled oouples, without families, havo boult in gc ed rcquost, chiefly for tbo country. Farming mon, theaters, mon for stations and rough country work, hi vc also been In better inquiry. Men oolra,wallera, nnl n nie domestics generally hav e beon in Improved Inquiry, ïor fenulo sorvan.s about tho usual Uqulry c-xliU ; ti 0 preference Is, howevor, given to thoso hiving Kfcrencos as to character and compotoncy, young vi mon unaccustomed to domestlo strvico having ('ifi culty In obtaining situations. Kutej of vvigcj aro net dy, nitli an upward Inclination for mon. Should ti c favourable reporta of tho Otago gold-diirgluBS b3 coi firmed, numbers » 111 no doubt bo induced to turo v 11; situations, ned thus supply engagements for many at present out of employ tuent, 'lho curroi.t ratos of v\ 1 (¡t Boro as follow, variations being, in some Instancsj, n ado to meot particular clrcunittincoi Marrlod ctvplos, with familioa, £60 to £05 prr annum; vj ithoutclilldron, £00 to £70 do. ; gardeners, £60 do.; {.looms, 16s. to 20s. per woek ; shepherds, £80 per : in ; hut-ltoopors, £20 lo £25 do. ; general form aor v tims, 15a. por wooli; ploughmen, 20s. do. ; bulloo!* ci hers on road, 20s. do. ; do on furnia and atitlotn, lit. 6d. to20s. do*. ; mon cooks, for forms and uti ticiiB, 20s. to 25s. do.; cooks, for hotels, from £110a. to i'i 00.; femnlo cooks, from £35 to £60 per jear; cci.crnl Ectvauts, £26 te .cdOdo ; nursemaids, £ld tt £26 do. ; laundrcssoi, £ÇJto £35 do ; housomaldi, Â. 26 to £80 do. ; pnrlouraialds, £26 to £30 do. ; car- penters, 10s. a day ; masons, brlcklayors, blackstnl-lii, U. to 10s. do ; piclc-and- shovol tuen, 6s to«Cs. do.; ctrtcro and atora labourers, 85i. to 40a a-vveck ; qiarrjmtn, bs. to Os. per daj ; foncer», 2a 3d. to '. s Cd, a rod ; ?.putting posts and ralla, 20s to 30J. por ICO. SlüAUKN'3 WAGES. The number of largo vestdalattly tailed, and nbjut leaving for Otago, nave absorbed nearly iho whola 1 upply of seamen, and for any other porta aiou aro with difficulty obtained at £6 por month. CARTAGE. Tho unsettled Btalo of country trido caused by tbo Kow Zealand lush, has reduced lho quantity of loal irg for tho digging townahips. Any couilderiblo quantities, not immediately riqulrcd, aie hold bao« until tho oponlng lor goods tralfo to Woodend, on tno C> ov crament Uno, and as ratos continuo cutlrdy aub Ject to special.arrangement, 110accuratoscale of prlcji c f cartage can bo given. MELBOURNE WHOLÜSALH PUICBS OUBRBNT. I 27ic Ji-jiit Office, Wcdnosday. 1 Tho doparturo of the last mail was followed by a continuance of inactivity lu nearly ovory doiotiptloa ti Imported goods. The heavy rains causod bil loada, and olga rutes of entogo opor.ted as a 1 heck upon country trade Tbo ni rival ot tho July mail was looked for anxiously, lu tho hope that last some reduction would havo oceurrod in ihlrnicaUfiouilhc homo matícela. Tho rooelpt of advices, Innover, dispelled this hops, and his left busiuoia iu a still more unsatisfactory 00 . cition. 'iho interest oxcitod by the mail'rj arrival JLOB ihlj mouth boen quito thrown lu tbo sha IJ 1 y the unlooked-for discovery of a gold Hold ia ijta'gOi Now Zsalanil, and the bare rumour of which 1 as induced thousands of our minara to abandon ihdr ehlma aud hasten thither on tho ohanoo ot vhav may rtsult. Whether theso diggings ,w.U, 1 rovo remunerative to illa adventurers Is atlil a matter ot doubt, but tho effect et the depai turo ti large numbera ot our population la beginnleg tj le Bcilcusly felt In sqmool tho digging townships, and finis, perhaps exaggerated, c1 Increased dopresBlon In tiado'aro gonerally oxpresicd Gauntry purchaios aro u riflced to tho stualliAt cxtont, anti almost limited to I csth 1 transaotloiis, wli'olesale houses being avorta to add to their liabilities by allordlng credit, 113 n ucn of the country tradu is locked ou as uusafo. Aiyetthooxtontof shipments to New Zealand bor no comparison with tbe amount of emigration ; but should ' tbe gola diggings thcro ultimately provo remunerativo, tho orders for that quarter will in sono degree benefit our market and very poi ilbly i impío vo prices, else tho proic-oct is g.obiny enough: with heavy stock«, excenalvo addltlona on the way, and a largo portion of our god-produc- ing labour 'abtorbeU olsen hoto 1'rlc'cs aro gean lally ¡easier, ned tinco tho arti val of Kio mill 1 hero 1 lias been more disposition to ~ sell, aud te competition Increases p:icoi recodo. Altu titljcr, buslnets Is unsettled, and In an uniati-. lactory condition, offmlug i-oaictlt a pro» cut ?<( 'it»llj uiiKittlment.. lhu nVtlclea of-whljU'tliilm'^ut)' l.v. I ctn-liijhtj Or ttuakn «ur.\oilittt,iuio «rlPiW 0V ¿Id 'ill.Ht SI, tlC jlllot to ti;0 gcutr.it bu.to ut "0 I unket; but their nurrbsrln very'îlmlted, comlstlnz ! chiefly of sugar,- tobacco,-and hops of late growthi. i W 1th these remarks we proceod to detailed particulars cf the chief articles of Importation, although the con dtion of our markets and the fsw changes which lavo occurred afford but little ground for report. Bulk alcB of the best brands havo been In better Irqnlry.and are still In fair demand, at rather ira 1 roved prices. Stocks of thoio descriptions are mod) late ; other brands, in less reputo, are not in much do n and. Bottled beers aro unimproved, and continue du 1 f tale at low rates. Draught stout ia steady in pricj, rteno, £B; xennonrs, m pornno ; jjyasa-s Dotnoa, tu; other bottlers', 8s. Od. to Os. Stout-Bait lundB, £6 10s. ; other browers', £6 10s. per hhd. ; IfttJed, Byus's, 9s. Od.; Allsopp's, bottled by Friend, quarts, 10s. ; pints, 7s. ; other bottlers', tr. to 10s. per dozen ; Barclay's porter, bottled by friend, quarts, 10s. ; pints, nono in market. Pigs and Sacks.-Woolpacks aro in rather moro In r.uiiy- but without any improvement in value. Threo. 1 vinci lacks are of heiter laio and firmer. There are li jersatlOs. Oil. per dozen, which price, however, 1 elders seem indkpoBed to acctpt. > Boots and Shoes.-The market id still vsry depresied, iltbough for Bummer goods thoro !B some appearancs ( f inquiry, Brioks,-There is no improvement in fire-brick*, tit her in demand or price, which is still quoted at from £6 10s. to £7 per 1,000for bcstquality. Butter.-Ihe supplies of fresh butter tavo so much inrcaaed as to interioro materially with importol mis. The market price of fresh la now only 121., ii d now Coik (double roio) is in conséquence mt vath lOd, holiers, however, ask JOJd. »nd lid.; lit the trade buy only in small lots as required. ( id butter is pushed on" by auction at from about 4i. < Ed, per lb. Canvas has been in goodrequoat; the do j and for 1- cw Zealand has greatly reduced Blocks, and prion »re linn. Navy, assorttd, quoted at Is 2d. nor yard landlca.-Prices aro easier, with demand dull Tao hi nvy supplies of foreign advis'd bavo induood Wi3 tienta of the Neva Stoarino WorkB to reduco thoir ))Icotol6d. per lb, which, ot course, affects other n anufacturors. Quotations are-Neva Stearine, la. fil. ; do composite, lid ; Belmont sperm, Is. 2d ; (pleby's, 1B. ljd. ; Halo'», Is. ljd. per lb. Cemont.-Stocks aro consideiable, and ovlmlliHault te «fleet. Portland can be purchased at 17s. ftotna i slnioat unsaleable, nominally 18s. per barrel. Coals.-Of English (housohold) the market continuo i Irre. Newcastle (N.S.W.) aro still, In eonsequoncs of the collie»' strike, insufficiently supplied, and rule ai nient 66s. per ton, in tho Bay, or from 60s. to 65s. on ihe Wharf. Confectionery.-Demand la very limitod, and for i n all parcels not over lOd Is procurable, whilst for large quantities a lowor figuro would bo accopted. Cordage- Thcro ia no alteration to roport. Kopo is In fair request, and small lota of good Beaming twine sie readily salcablo at quoted prices. Quotations aro : -Furopo, £30 to £83; Busslan, £10 ; coir, £30 to i S6 ; Manilla (assorted sizes), £52 per ton ; shop twlno, Jtd ; sowing, 13d. per lb ¡oakum, £80 to £35 per Ion. Drugs, &a; -Opium continues dull ; oxports havo leen consii'orab'o, but prices aro unimproved. Pro j Bred IB quoted at 28s. to 20s. per canister ; Patn», £570 per chest, duty paid. Sulphur (flour) In but Htilo doinand. Price, 10s. to 20a. per owt. Sod* (jjslalsand nth, notwithstanding low prices, do not ti d ready salo. Quotations aro : -Ash, £18 to £14 ; cijBtalB. £8 per ton. Karthonware-Email assortments of paiticalar trueles aro of raodoiato salo, but forgenrral Involcos ll.cro is no demand. riih-Thor.1 isaratherImproved domind. WMto »rd red berringa are inqulrod aftir, but do not appear lobe ovorafookcd. Ling, of prln-o quality, also ii nero readily taloab'e. Quotations aro-Ling of Tlimo quality, 4}d. per lb. ; white herrings, in flrkin», ICs Od. to Ils.; in tins. 63. to 6». Cd. ; rod horrlngs, in eood condition, 17B. to l8», por dozon tins. Flour and Grain -The fluctuations in prices duriag Ile month have boon of no extont. A speculative li cling was apparent at one timo, and a few sales miucd, but the disposition died out, and busjnesi vos brought back to trido orders for C3nsump< tlcn. Purchases for tho Now Zealand market I mo been mado to eomn amount, and gavo a nther firmer tone to priées, although as yoi no rumanent advance is likely to be obtained by .this n f ans, as whether flour is forwarded to diggers on our f w11 floldB or follows them to Now Zealand their con- tinu tion will remain tlio E&mo.; Arrivals from Cfllfcrula both boro ard at Sydnoy havo some- what doadened tho market, and the uncertainty in to the quantities which will arrlvo from Uat quarter keep tho markot in an un°otllod Mute. Prices aro as follows: - Tasmania, £11 l(f. to£16s; Adolaidc, £15 to £10 ; CalifornUu, £14 Ir £14 10s. por ton ; Haxall and Gallego, 40s to 41o. ) cr barrel, Whoat has boon in bettor inquiry, but at II altered piicf s. The built of tho tareel ex Alcyono, licm ian Francisco, is of fine quality, and is it Is re ititfd held for 6s. per bushel. Victorian brings from It. 8(1. to OP. ; South Aus ti allan, 0s. Sd. to 6s 6d. per 11 she], Oats aro in fair demand, but hardly so firm n price Iho chief inquiry has bcon for colonial LIOUB. lluk'crs of impoited serta appear dosiious to tell, and snj largo parcels forced on His markot will Kduco prices. Present quotations are :-Russian, 'cctcli, and Irish, 3s 6i). io 3s 8d ; Danish and I Uch, 8s. Cd. to 3s. Od. ; Calcutta and Californian, is lOd. to 4s. : colonial, ia. to 4s. 3d. pel bushel. Parley IB in limited dcimnd. English malting quoted at is. Od. tofl .¡Capo, 6s pcrbuthcl. H.'.lzo continues of tolcrabl} rendy sale, at from 6s 2d. to 6s 3d. per bushel for New South WnlcB grown. Molt remains in fair in (,u ly, the season for malting hero is now noarlyclosed, and no reduction on prcont rates of Ss. Od. to 10B per 1 uihel for good Impoited lamplos is likely to occur. Cram Is entirely out of first nandi, and "ght In stock. Calmcal, Imported, dull of talo at about £18 to £10 ; (eli nial modo, £24 lOe to £25 per ton. Fruits (Dried) -Currants of good quality are im I m ing in demand. Dessott fruits aro nlBO in belter Irquiry ; although with coming supplies but llttlo rdvance in prices is likely to onBue. Quotations a>« -Almonds, jordan, Is 4d.; BOft-Bhell, Od. ; currants (fatras), 4d. ; raiBlns-Muscatels (layers), 7d. to 8d. ; Cape, (now) Od. to Old. ; French plums (bottleB), Sd. to lOd. ; figs, 4Jd. to Ol. ; Barcelona nuts, 4tl. to £d. ; dried applos (Amorlcan) 8; d. to 4Jd. per lb. Eardware and Ironmongery.-Ihe market for thoso preds remains as la t reported. Shovels and picks fcr tho Now Zealand diggings oro saleable, but other articles continue w ithout Improvement. Bips-Holders of lata growths aro firm, and ap- parently Indifferent as to soiling under full prices. Kent «Ed Sussex (1850) aro quoted at from Is. lOd, to ¡>t. per lb., and should tho shipments continue ll¿h*. ti o o prices will bo sustained. Groceries.-Teas and cofTees have scarcely undergone ai y change. Markets aro stocked, but demand Both fir cor sumption and shipment, is steady. Sngu-s liai o continued light In Btnck, and having boen pur timed up by tho trado as coon as offered, havo kept tie rtorkot baro and prices firm. Elco has beon in fa'r inquiry, but buyers aio indisposed to pay the rill e asked by holders. 8ales havo been made at £10, lui fino Patna Is held for £17 6s per ton. Quota lb is aro:-Toas (duty paid)-Congou, good or Olrarj to Uno, £7 10B. to £1010s. per cheat ; Inferior lo ordinary, £6 to £0 10a. per cheat ; hyaonskin, £0 fer cheBt ; gunpowder, 89. to 8s 3d. ; importai, 2i 6d. to 8B. ; hyson, 2s 3d. to 2s. Od ; orango pokoe, scented, is. 8d to 2s. Od per lb. OotToo (in bond) -Ceylon llantatlon, Od. to lOd. ; native, 73d. to 8d. ; Java, !d. to 7Jd. per lb. Sugar- Cosslpore, No. 1, 61s.; a'aurltius, low to Ano yollow, 43s. to 47s ; low to Ano trown, 84s. to 42s. Bice, Fatna, new, 10s. to 10s CJ. ter cwt. Gunpowder continues dull of salo, but pricoi ai o unchanged. Mitais,-Thoro is vorv little alteration to not? Tar and rod iron is heavy in steck und dull of talo. Corrugated galvanize.:! ii in bolter domand, an 1 p ices aro firmer. Shoct load h b'avily Ftockod, and exceedingly dull. Lead shot is also heavy ot sal-'. ÏIn-platCB have como forward freely, and aro oflVrlng at lowor ratcB, but saloi aro difficult tu effect Xiao ccntlnues dull of salo, and -upp'ies large. Angla and 1 iron in heavy et( ck, and v. ry unsaleable Quota- tions are: -Moioivood's patent corrugated galvanized tinned, 24 and 26 Rangos, £86 per ton ; Morewood's cotrueated galvanized, No, 2, or untlnnod, £33 103. do. ; Tuppei'a do., £30 10'. do. ; Hamilton's cr othor English maker's, £83do.; Scotch, £80 to £31 jo.; IViiowood's galvanized tinned plain, 20 and 28iraueos, £42 do. ; Tupper'«, or other Engll'h maker's, £40 do ; Scotch do., £86 da. ; rod and bur. best Staffordshire 1 rands, BBH, £11 do ; do, Scotch, £10 do.; plite, £13 do. ; »licet assortod, £16 do ; anglo and T, £11 do. ; hoop, £12 d<\ ; pig, £4 10-i. do. ; Swedish, no tale. Load-Pipe, assortod B!/.OS, £28 to £20 do ; ihoet, milled, assorted, £54 10s. do. ; shot, assorted, £82 do. Quicksilver, la lOd. purlb. Stool-Blister, £2 5s. per cwt. ; cast, £210s. do. Tin-Block, le. 01. to le. Bd. por lb. ; platCB, charcoal, IO, plates, char eeal, IX, 16 per oent advance. , Wiro-Frnclnir, black, £16 per ton ; galvanized, Nos. 1 to 5, £18 d >. Zinc-Boiled, light, £80 do ; do nails, £2 8s to £2 IPs nor owt. Oilmen's Stores.-Jams and bottled fruits nro still lety dull of silo, and offering nt law rates. Salad oil ard pickles are botter suppllod by late arrivals, lint the di n and is light. Sardines very scarce, and In renuoic, chilli) for shipment to New Zealand. Salmon Is ali j in fair inquiry. All other anieles aro dull of balo. Quitationa are:-Bluo, thumb, 11 Jd. per lb ; currie pewdor, quarts, 18fl. to 14s. per dozen ; fruits, bottled, quarts, 10». do. ; jams nndjellios, lib. tins, lis do; leisters, lib..tins, American, 8a Cd. do.; macaroni. VJtl. per lb.; vermicolll, white, Naples and Gonna, Od. do ; mustard, in bulk, No. 2, 8fd. do. ; do, in lib. louies, 13s. por dozon; do., in jib bottles, 8s do ; rot meal, £17 to £10 per ton ; oyatorB, preserved, lib. (1rs, 14s. per dozen; do,, 21b. tin», 17s. to 20s do - ^PIcklOB, quarts, 10s. to 11s. Od. do ; do,, pints, 8a. Co. do. ; preBorvcd moats, 21b tius, wanted ; salad i oil, pints, 14s. per dozen; do, half-ulntv, 83. fd do ; salmon, preserved, lib. tins, 10s. Bd, do . i indines, halves, 10s Od. do.; do, quarters, (s. do.; saúco, assorted, half-pints, 8s. do ; "do Worcestershire (Lea and Perrln's), 12s. to 12s 61. do. ; starch (Cchuan's), 6jd, per lb. ; vinegar, brown. " (Champion's 24), lu. lOd. per Kallon ; do, concen- tral ed, quarts, 9a to 10a. per dozen; whitowine, ls.6d1' to Is. Oil. nor gallon. Oils, Paints, &o; -Linseed oil is declining lu valus - itocks are heavy and siloi dull Chinóse oil also duli ard pilcos lowering. Turpentine easier, »hd not over 4a. Od. por gallon procurable. Prices aro i-LInBoed oil (raw), 8s. Qà ; boiled, St. 9d ; coba, if. ; Chine«/' it, lid. to 5i. ; turpentine, 4s. 9d. per gallon. Wnite Ittd, beBt, 88s. J red load, 80s. pcr,cwt. - , Provisions have undergone but little1 alteration, durand continuing t. be oonflnod chiefly to primo ? raicéis. Tbo demand for New Zealand has, however given a botter tono to the market, and ohould tho diir giies thore piovo permanent, a brisk demand for bams tnd bscon.would, no doubt sot in At present prio-s trcunchanged, andaré quoted as follow:-Bacon Tuiy'», lid. ; Sinclair's lljd. to 12d.; Compton'*, lid. Hams - Varey'», 12j<|. ; Sinclair's, 12M ; Oura teiland, lOJd. to lid. ; Westphalia, 7jd. 'to- 8d. per lb. Cheese-Double Oloucoster, Is., to Is Id . Wiltshire, lOJd. to lid. ; Cheshire Is.' Id. to li. 2d '. Genda, 7d. to 8d. por lb. Pork-Irish moss, £4 6S ¡¿ £4 10B. per barrel; beef, £4 per tierce. > , i Elates havo slightly Improved inr price. ''Countbts lize are worth £i3 10» to £14; ladies, £7 10s. to £5 , Etlt.-Tho heavy shipments announced have tem-' porarlly almoit clt » ed the markot for this artic'c, an 1/ jiicis atro entirely nominal, at about £4 its t,t «site, end £4 is per ton for fino. 41% ,, Spirits.-Prices of brandy appear to haveadowmvarrt ttrdency. Nctwithstandiig stocks aro declining JH te ems impossible to sustain prices.' Soles 'of Marten's; nereportcdat,0a fd., and ot Benncssy's st,p* Bd -"on In bond, for caehi . Shipments are «till Very-// .. ltd it is probabjp will bj continued atjiaoouti ¡ the lame'rate, If notlntioascd, ow'lng totkoauuiloin tirc-e Ulrg In grc.t mcasuro suspended, f-tim ia till ol talc at quotations. Genera bas declined in pr co * I elders »hit fr m ¡It*, to l8", for beat rrande, but by auction, »ale» of JltKZfow duty; have been nado as lew aa 11s. 6d. per «vu Old tv ra la very unsaleable ; .its const-niption ha- bom« «xctedlagly light In this anriet. " Whiskey Is »Hu in but liitlaioqutat. Qu> \- . mliius aro :-(lu bond.)-Brandy, Marten's dark, lui. , lir gallon;-Hcnncssj'a do.. Da: M. do.; palo, | 11«.; Otord's, 9J. do; TJ.V. Proprietors'do., 9s. ; ? (.htrupagne Vlnoyard Pioprietora' Company's do., jaie, KB. Od. do. ; Vlnogrowcrä', 10s. io.; olhfr iranda do., 6s. to 8s. do.; palo, Martell's, Us, dr.; do., do., or llcnnossy'a, 88s. per dozen 1 cato; do., U. V. Proprietors', 29s. do ; Vi .ta- it lewers', 24s. do. ; Champagno Vineyard Piû ; piietors' Company'«, 2Ss, do. ; Clouzeau's, 20». dj, I Otnova- JDKZor key brand, 12a. to 18s. pe: four gallon ctBO ; do., do, 7e. 6d. per half-case ; do., other / i ibnds, 10a. to 18a. per case. Oin-Loudon old tom, I lett Iranda, 2s. 6d. per gallon ; do., do, 18s. öd. per 1 icicn. Kum-East India, 20 to 30 o.p., Is. Od. to 2s. ] 2d. per gallon; Weat India, 10 to 12 ccp., 8s. M. I do. ; do., 20 to 39 o.p., 8B. Od. do. Whiskey-Irish, ft ban's, 4B. 9d. do. ; Booton, host, 4s. fid. tío. ; do., , bist brands, 12s. per dozen oase. Timber.-In tho prt sent unsettled stato of tho coua I tiy, owing to tho rush to New Zealand, the timber ' ncrkct 1B very depressed ; and although stocks aro ! li,ht and quantittos to arrlvo vrry small, ibero U i o disposition to purchtuo. Prlooi that Hitit au orJt II iy demand existing would bavo advanced are no r ííclinicg-, Quotatlonaara :-Orogon, £S 10s. to £910<. i c r 1,000 feet. Cedar-Logs, 22s. to 25s. per 100 feet ; leards, 1-inoh and upwards, 8}d. to 4d. per foes mpcr. Lumber and shelving, £12 to £13 par 1,000 feet. Deals-Bed, 0x3, 6|d. to 6|d. par Itot; 11 x 8, 7jd to 7Sd. do. Mootch prepared foorlng, 6 x IJ, lad. per foot; 6 x J, Ijd. do.; 0x3, lgd. do. ; 6 x J, ljd. do. Pitch or hard pino, 1-iscb, £16 per 1,001/ feet ; lj-lncb, £10 do. Oloac jinc. 1-lnch, £19 to £20per 1,000 loot. Tobacco.-Prices aro quito nominal, as holders will not cell unless at o nsldot ably advanced rates, upon I prices ruling tv\oiaonih8 since. Tho onlj sales of any I extent are for speculation. Quotations aro :-Twist i. »-Barrett's anchor hold for 8s. ; good ordinary aid c inside brands, 2a 8d to 2'. Cd. ; inferior, 2s. ; hali- te cuiid lumps, Is. St), to 2s ; do., light, Si, co 8s. Od. ; 10V. IB. Cd. to Is Od per lb., In bond. VVlneB.-Ports aro botter Buppllod, and offure! In ely. Prices havo rather a tendency downwards. 5 he demand for sherries ia vory languid, and only in.»]] lota can bo placid nt low rates. Tno season Is j t-t too early to op'u up tho trado In light wines. Qu > tntionsaro-(Duty paid.)-Port, £40 to £76porplpa, 1 in to 40s. por dnzan ; sherry, £30 to £70 ; amontillado do., £100 to £110 per butt, 16s. to 86s. por dozon ; champagne, 20s. to 85s. ; oUret, 15s, to 85s. pjr doxen. _ SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ASHTVAIB ASP 0LKAKAKCB3 SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. B., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish; D., Dutch ; F., Fronen j Cb., Chilian; P., Portuguese ; 11., Hamburg ; N., Norwegian ; S., Swedish ; Sp, Spiiilsh ; öd., Sardinian ; Behr., Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr" PruBfllan ; s., ship ; b., barquo ; br., brig ; se, schooner; St., steamer.] Aug AHKIVKD. í7. ABlrea, A. s, ElmBou, 8Í9, Now York.-n'llklnson Brothers and Co. £7. Mary Ann Wilson, B. s., 041, Binltb, London. Michaelis, Boyd, and Co £0. Bt. Jean, F. s., 029, Sargeant, Ban Francisco. Callender and Co 80\. Marlon,B b, 192, Flomlng, Colombo- W.Nichol Bon and Co, 81, Ary Echeiror, D. a" 087, Kunat, Manilla-Prost, Kohler, and Co. 81\. Ata'anta, B s , 930, fiprutloy, Southampton-Di Pasa Brothers »ntl Co. 81\. Ilormine, D. b" 205, Borg, Eamburgh.-Rakjwjkl ard Co. 81\. Lightning, B. a, 1,709,-Olarf, LiverpooI,-Bri¿ht BrothcrB r.nd Co 81\. SnBanno.Ii.br., 188, Mollor, Capo Town.-HoUor and Co. 81, Fop Smlt, D. s, 730, LovontUln, Rotterdam. Jocko Brothera 81\. Ceres, B. s., 801, Cochrane, Glasgow.-Holmes, White, and Co. Sept. 2\. Clutha, B. a., 1,CC0, Wilson, Glasgow -Kalzensteia and Co. Ï. Jesalo Erov-n, B 8, 028, Downward, Leith. Miller and Johnson 2\. Trtornpbo, ¡1. br., lill, Lakeman, Mauritius. Turnbull and Co. 2\. Result, B. B., 1,465, Cow, London.-W. P. AVhlto and Co. 8\. Hortense, A. s,00, Barnes, London -Joshua Brothers. A. Nethcrbt,B. s., 914, Halman, Liverpool-Blighs Brothers and Co. 6\. Joseph Gllchiist, B. a,, 1,603, Carney, London Katzenttein and Co ft. Johanneallanlnus, D. fi., 680. Von Scent, Rott-r dam.-Meliblorand Co 7\. Latona, B.s" 698, Sedgwick, Calcutta.-J. Honty 0\. König Wllbin II, Û. s , 614. Moiknian, Cotton burg.-A. Macfarlau and Co. l8. Kent, B. s" 026, Clayton, Lond* n -W. P. WlittO and Co. la. Scottish Chief, B. s-, 1,052, Dennchy, Liverpool - Campbell brothers and Co. Ï4. Donatl, A. s., 1,050, Reid, Louden,-Hyam and Co. . 16\. CorBalr's Brida, B b , 848, William«, Mautilius. Grice, Sumner, and Co, 16\. Agnes. A. b. 897, King, New Yoi-k.-Flsher, Bloirds, and Co. 16\. Bwcopstakos, A. s., 1,486, Mucglll, Manilla.-R, Towns and Co. 16\. Indomnlty, B s., 653, Jenkins, London,-Smith, Stroiban, and Co. 1C, "Wallington, A. s" 1,107, Colburuc, London - Micbatlis, Bowl, and Co. l8. Matilda, A. a, (M) Lee, Hong Kong.-Kong ulong and Co. Europa, n. s., 700, Hanson, London.-Uelchloi and Co. Koorin Moorta, B. a., 1,112, Adams, loudon. Balelghs, Daug'ich, and Co. l8. Matilda, li. »., 1,036, Stevenson, Liverpool - Bright Brothurs and Co. ia Northam, B s s, 1,200, Potts, Point do Ca'lo. J. SparkoB. Diamantina, B. s s, 487, Milman, Plymouth.-W, P. White mid Co. ID Alcyone, B. b., 871, Grey, San Francisco.-Callen dei and Co. 20\. Thomaa B. Walos, A. s., 590, Lincoln, Now York. R. Towns and Co. 20\. Ismyr, B. sen ,220, flummors, Mauritius.-M'Mlck Ing and Co. 21 Now Great Britain, B s , Sydnoy. Aug. CHtARKD OCT. 21). Arabia, B s., 9D8, Forrest, Otago, S.Z.-Bright Brothers and Co. 28\. Ocean Ohief, B. s,, 1,020, Brown, Otago -Bright Brothers al d Co. 28\. Shalimar, B. s, 1,602, Allen, Point do Galle. Lorimer and Co. 28 Roxburgh Castlo, B. s" 1,121, Smith, London. W P Whito and Co. 81\. Versailles, A s., 643, Shorbnrn, Otigo.-Osbora, Cushlng, and Co. 81 Anra Kiuunll, A. s, 814, Marsh, Otago.- R, TOWIIB and Co. Kandangham r, D. D., 7G4, Z clt, Batavia, Batavia - Molchlor aud Co. Sea Njtnpb, B b. 260, Currie, Bitjvla.-Dennis- toun Broth' ra and Co. 83\. Telegraph, D. b., 386, Bobin, Sourabajn.-Prosi, Kohler, and Co. R., t 2 Deutschland, 0. s., 013, Wcssslhotft, Batavia. Joshua BroincrB 8\. Gambia, B. », 603 Porrlmnn, Callao-Harker and Co. 4\. Thomas Woods, B b , 620, Miller, Poiut do Gallo, -Dove, Oswald, owl Oo. 4\. Indiaman, S. o, BIO, Qcflo, Calla ..-Jo ko Bro- thers 4\. Conflict, II b , 873, Noon, Guam -Josephs, lang- don, and Co. 6\. Cccann, D. e, 8S9, Hcrderschor, Sydney - Holchioi and Co. 6\. Mlluadcs, S. 8,, 45), Ludbeci, Callao -Hclcbior nnd Co. 6\. Aspasia, A s , 010, Lamb, Bombay.-Clova Bro- thers and Co 0 Oriental, A. h, 660, Maooy, Otago -Panoing, Nankivell, anti Co. 6\. Hydro, A b, 400, B own. Otago -Joshua Bros 0 John A Par!:«, A. s, 1,218, Kith, Callao.-Mich» elis, Bo} d and Co. 7\. £»rnb M , B a, 1,011, Shaw, Point do Gallo.-Kat zenstcln and Co \ 10 Giant's Cansona), li s . 1,231, Hobertson Ottjp -Holme?, Waite, and O) 11\. Marion, B li, 192, norning, Colombo - W. Nicholson anl Co 12\. Esther Ann, 11 « , 41, Strachan, Quoin -Captain. 12\. Ginll, B. B, £75, Murray, Otagj-Dalgety aid Co, 12 Maxwell, B. s, 1,000, Smith, Callao.-Bright Brothers and Co. l8. Lightning, B. s, 1,700, Clark, Otago - Brlgbt Brothers and Co l8. Impress of tho Seas, B. u , 1,640, Bragg, Otago - Lorlmor and Co. Joshua Bates, A. o" 620, Olarko, Hong Kong -B. Towns and Co Julia, n. b, 350, Van dor Tns, Manilla - Proit, Kohler, and Oo. 14 Oscar, 1>. b, 207, Matthieu, Otago.-Woolley aud Nipbow. 10\. Mindore, B s, 1,278, Flott, Bombay -riower, M 'Donald, mid Co. li Wellesley, B s, 1,018, Smith, London.-W. P. White and Co, 10 William Jackson, B. s, E03, Lewin, Callao.-Milos , and Co l18 John M'Vlesr, B f., 076, Ffannory, Otigo -Joske r Brqtbcrs. 38\. Northim, B ,s s, 005, Potts, Sydney.-J. Hpa-lce». 10\. Besult, B fl" n,405. Cow, Otago.-W..P. White and Co. , n0 Ann Melhtilsh, B. b" 80S, Williams, Mauritius_ , i Dodd and DIK nison. 50\. Alice Veunard, A. s, 067, Kelly, Otago.-Hay- ward and CJ £0. Fop Srnl.D s, C07, Lovenstelo, Sydney.-Josko Btothera. 20 Hermine, D. b ,'205, Berg, Wellington.-Bakowski -v and Cd. ' 51\. Helen M'Gaw, A. s., 686, Hanson, Otago.-Lord i and Co. St. Joan, P. »., 633, Sargoant, Otago.-Ourcler and Oo , , l24. King of Italy, B s , 1,668, Norris, Otago.-Smith, ''J Strachan, and. Co. 'ii Susanne, D br., 188, Moller, Otago-Halter, and f Co. S6. Mary Ann Wilson, B. B,, D14, Smith, Otago. ) Michaella and Co. S6. Netherby B s, 914, Hitman, Otago.-Bright Brothers and Co ¡ PASSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND BY AND SINCE THE DEPARTURE OF THE AUGUST MAIL. AUG. 26. Benares, R.M. s.s., for Point de Galle. Passengers : Assistant Surgeon N. Nevins, Her Majesty's 40th Regi ment, for Bombay ; Mr. Gorse, for Ceylon ; Messrs. Wilton and Alderson, for Marseilles ; Mr. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. A. Blackburn and infant, for King George's Sound ; and Mr. Metcalf, for Southampton. AUG. 29. Roxburgh Castle, for London. Cabin: Mr. and Mrs. Williams and family, Mrs. Lynch, Miss Clabburn, Messrs. Sherwin, Ross, Britten ; Lieutenant Ross, 40th Regiment. SEPT. 17. Wellesley, for London: Mr. and Mrs. Wanliss, Mrs. Donbavand, Miss Cort, Mr. and Mrs. Lanyon, Mr. Dickson, Mr. Gayer, Captain Rimington, Mrs. McCarthy, Mr. and Miss Schalch. , "KING'S ISLAND LIGHTHOUSE. 7 ' (FROM TUR QAZETTK, SEPT. 8.) | The accompanying notice to marinen respecting the, llihthonse on Cape Wickham. King's Island, Bais' Ei taits, which has .been received frvm the Marine Pt i rd. Hobart Town, Is published for general in iumation. . - J. JP. SULLIVAN, Comini Department of Trado ard CiiBtoms, Melbourne, ' August 81,1861, I i NOTICE TO MARINERS^ ' xioninousB, cArs WICKHAM, KIKO'S IBIAKD, TASMANIA Not leo is horoby given, that a circular Btono tower,' 145ft. high, and painted white, has boon eroded for a l'ghihouso on tho hill near Capo Wlcl.ham, at the i oith el d ol King's Island, in Bass's Straits, and from v hlch a fixed white light will be exhibited on and after ti o 1st day of November next. . ' Iho light is of a first class catadloptrle description,' »tan elevation of 280ft. above the lov 11 ú in clear weather will be vislblo from tho deck: of a i cssel about eight leagues on an arc of tho horizon to si award from S S.W. J-W. round the cotupa is northerly te E.SB. 0 he attention of mai inora is also rame» ]y called to Oefollowlrg extract from the Kepurt cf tho Light It mo Commissioners appointed by the Qoverumont3 e f Kew South Wales. Victoria, South Australia, and 5 stmania : " In advising tho erection of a lighthouse on this i-Iftnd, tbo commissioners wish to (.uaid themselves ire. m affording tho public any reasonoblo supposition ifcat this lieht can bo at all considered in the position tf a groat highway light for tho navlgetlon of tho Í liait ft Tho south coast of Kew Hollmtl, at the western entrance of Bass's Strait», btii JJ- free from e arger, alfords, in their opinion, til-, mia t uLoro for lie prudent nurinor to approach ; »ntl Hi.-} coucolvo that the light on King's iBland la only t:> bo regarded as a beacon for warning navigators of d.mircr, ratbor tran as a leading light to agroatthorouchfire." 3 he bearings following were tikcn in IS'5, by Com rr ander Hess, B.N, from tbo sito of the lighthouse : Western extremity of Harbingor Beef, N. OOdetr W ; dlBtanco four and a half miles Fastcrn extremity, N. £4Jdeg. W. ; dio'nnce, four miles. navarino Shoal, N. 84Jdeg. K ; distance, two md a half n.Iles iouthorn or'romity of Now Tear's Murd, S. SOdeg. IV ; distance, nine miles. Korthcrn ditto, S. aBidog. W. ; dlstmce, seven and i half miles Tho bearings aro magnetic ; variation, lOdeg. cast C M MAXWELL, Qhairmvi Mnrlno Board Hobart Town, August 20,1801. 