w Boals nd ! ridges Office, . a 'Melbourne, 12th April, 1801. TENDEhS TILL be received until Twelve o'clock or . , Friday, 26th instant, for t'ap Maint - nance of Bridges, (!uiver:s, &c.;, on the road between Violet Town and Benalla. Full particulars at this Office; or at the Road Engineer'a Office, at Wangaratta. The Board will not necis^inly.accept the lowest or any tender. - - J. H. BROOKE, . President of the Board of Land and Works. 503 1273 BALE OF COUNTRY LANDS AT BENALLA. Applications to I e received until ISfch April 1^61, bjr Thomas Nixon, District Surveyor P«yment to be made to Wiiliatn Piper, Commissioner of Crown Lands, eaalia. . . MaIND AMPLE. Situate on the road fri m '' a afield to Long wood, and itomS to 5 miles wisteriy f.om Mansfield. Subdivisions A and B of 10 aliomentB, containing from 45 to 84 aores. Qood agricultural land. BeKALLA., ' Situate 3 to 4 miles north frjin tbe township of JBenalla. Pubdivisif ns A and of 3 a'lotrcet) ts 'i Eecti-n T, < on'amine; 62 and 71 acres Sandy foil, fair pastuie land,timbered with bix and gum. Goomalibee, -On the south bank of th3 Broken River, and from 5 to 6 miles north west of the t wn ship of Benalla. Subdivisions A and B of 4 allotments, con taining from 43 to 07 acres. Good agricultural lan . Mep.EIJIO, Situate «n the Devil's Riv-r, khcI from 8 to 11 miles east from Mansfield Subdivisions A and B«f 33 allotments,con taining from 40 to 95 acret. Good agricultural Und. Lithographed jlans c ube pu'Ova';ed at 'the Survey 0*ce, Benalla, r.nd at the Crown Lands Selection Office Melbourne, a-, Is per copy. 385 SALE OF COTOTBY LANDS AT BEECHWOBTH. Applications to be rec:eved until 24th April, 1861, by Alexander L ilartin. Dis trict Surveyor." Payments to be made to "William He ry Barna.d Keceiver and Pay master, Beechwortb. Gj-'Eta. Situate east of the Fu'teen-mile Cieek, and west of thf King River, and dis ant sevtn to eieven miles southerly fr.>m Wangaraitu, and adjoining the parish of Moyhu. Subdivisip's A a':d H of 49 allotments in Sections 1 t> 8, 13 to IS, 22 to 27. and 30 to 84 containing from SO <o 320 acre?. Generally go;.d agricultural land. MoYH0, Situate on '-lie west side of King River, south of Mr. Chibholm's pre-euiptUe sec tion, a d nistaat seven to eleven mile* south from W;-wawfa. Subdivi- '.> ia A end B of 20 allotments fn Sections 1" Mid 22 to 30, containing fruxi 98 to 184 a--T'ai. Lithe? .uhed plan? can be purchased at the District Survey O'^ce, Beechworeh, and at the Crown Lands Office, Melbourne, at the Tate of 1b. per copy. m. SALE OF COUHTRY LAKES AT BENALLA. Applications to be receive! until 30th April, 1861, by Thomas Nixon, District Surveyor. Payments to be made to William Piper, Cdmmis&ioner; of Crows Lands, Benalla. Balmatiust. Situate on the main road from Melbourne to Sydney, distant two to seven miles nor therly fr m the township of Euroa. Subdivisions A and B of 62 allotments, con taining from 60 to 79 acres. EUBOA. Situate about two miles north of the township of Ifuroa, and south cf the parish of Bal xnattum. Subdivisions A and B of allotments 2 A and B, containing 61 £ acres each. Lightly timbered land, adap ed for pastoral, and in parts £ r agricultural, purposes. Lithographic plans can be purchased at the Survey-Office, nenalla, and at the Crown Lands Office, Melbourne, at Is. per copy. A e\ \ OPENING OF TELEGRA PHIC COMMUNICATION WITH CHILTERN. Department of the Electric Telegraph, Office of the General Superir tendfint, Melbourne, 28ch March, 1861. IT is hereby notified that Telegraphic Communication has been established with Chillern, and the office at that place is now available to the public. Rates of charges, and further information may be obtained upon apt lica ion at any < f the Telegraph Stations in Victoria. {Signed) SAMUEL W. MoGOWAN. General Superintendent of Electric Telegraph 343 1270 Department of Trade and Cuptoms, Melbourne, 4th April, 1861. PERSONS desirous of introducing their Friends and relations from the United Kingdom to this Colouy. under the recent vote of the Le^iakt-.ve Assembly, are re quested to apply forthwith, in writing, to the Immigration At eufc, in Me bourne, who will furnish/ in reply, a copy of the regulation s .under which pass ge warraats will be issued. (Signed) THOMAS LOADER, Commissioner of Trade and Customs. 993 1271 ' FOB SALE A TEAM of.Ten Working Bullocks (rol lii.g fat )\v;th new D ay and Tackle complete. Apply at Kellett's, CM Mad Station, head of Indigo Creek. ~ . £09 1274 ALL parties indebted to *his office, will c nfer a favor Vy paying their ao eouttts with' as little del-Ay as possible, :C>~. RICHARD WARREN". BBNALLv-Imp;unded at B nulla 23rd February, 1861, by tt Graltan, Esq. 258 'Hoan horse, bay head, bl»ck pointp.iong tvil. saddle and girth marked, Jfl eff shoiilder, mark oft hip like J80 Bay in'are, long tail, black points, few grey hairs ia' forehead, saddle marked, hobble marked, (sore) G over G above JT over > near a -oulder, S near ribs 261'BaycoIt, long tail, black points, etar,liA ftODjoiiied ofi shoulder 262 Dark dapple grey horse, ling switch tail, neat Jiind fetlock white, eolar marker!, enlargement bo'h himil fitlhlks.M orVPD blotehed near shoulder GEORGE POWELL, Acting Pomndkeeper. Splendid Investment! FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, THE EXCELSIOR HOTEL, WOOIMED TOWNSHIP, OVENS RIVER. BE HouBe is built of Pino, wi'h Gal vanised Iron Ro i. and ^ contains six Bed-rooms, thiee Sitting-rooms, ad a s-vendid Ballroom 32 x 25, wi h detached Kitchen, Stab'e3 &c.;, ail compete. It is the eei tre of many well-known aurife rous reefs, is situated close to the Crushing Machine of Mr. Johnson Stevens and on the n;ain road to H arrietville, and the upper portion of the Ovens River. 'lhe House at present is doing a v*ry pro 6\. able trade, which promises to g:eatly in cj ease. A Dissolution of Partnen-hip, in conse quence of o le of the Partners re urniug to the Old Country, is the caus>- of sell.ng. Full particulars can be obtained upon ap plication at the Hotel to . Wm. H. McNeill, February 9 h, 1861. STAR LANE, BEliOHWORTH, , TSTEB1NAEY AID SH9MB FfitSI, GEORGE BANKS, (Late with Ransom, Price & Co.) INTIM \TE3 to his friends and the publi ? thai he has opened the above establishment, raaie is a guarantee that all ho sea entrusted to his care wih be shod and attends! to in tho most scientific mancer. 421250 .* BILLIARD AND BAGATELLE MAHU FACTUBEK, And Importer of all kinds of Materials connected with the Trade, 196* Littls Bonrke Street» Eas MELBOURNE* A LARGE Stock of first-class Billiard Tables always on hand,warranted equal to the best English makers. Bails, Cues, Cloth8, Tips, &r.;, always in stock. J. P. wishes to draw particular attention to his new stock of Billiard Cushions, just arrived from London, which is equal to the Cushions in the very btst English made Tables, and far superior, to any made in the colony. JuBt received a large Btock of the finest West of Engla-. d Billiard Cloths- Prices Low. All communications from the country punctually attended to. PLEASE NOTE THE ADDRESS. 11232 265 McGTJIRE'S ROWDY FLAT, YA®EI AH® A2S® AS THIS Hotel is fitted up in first-class style and s'ar dB unrivalled in the district for accommodation and comfort, TH E L I a U O E S On hand are chosen fron 1I19 best imported brands, and a trial only is needed to convince the most sceptical as to their qualities. The Cuisine Department Is under the direct management of the pro prietor, which is a sufficient guarantee for the production of a first-r. te spread. No effort will be tpired to supply evety delicacy in Beason. To travellers, superior accommodation is providt d in the sleeping departments. GOOJO SV^HSJuIJXG. Hay, Oats, Bran, &e.;» At tne lowett pi ices. To all who honour him with a visit, Mr. Mcfjuire promises that no effort on bis part shall be spared to ensure complete satisfac tion. - 36i» TWO POUNDS RE WARP.-Lost, and now running en I'r. Mack ay's run, a light bay horse, (draught built) branded M X near shoulder, star on -forehead, fcrpken tail. The abo :e reward will ba paid "o any person bringing the horse to Richard Wairen, office of this paper. **. -«r. GENERAL NEWS AGENT, IMPORTER OF EuglUh, French, German, Italian, JYoru/egian, United State*, and Californian JYetcipttpcrt, CAMP London' Home News Illustrated London News ,, News of the World Times Weekly Dispatch Bell's Life in London Weekly Times News of the World Reynold s Paper Punch Era Lady's Newspaper Engineer English Provnciails Albion (Liverpool) ST2LEET; BEECH W.O E T H . Bedford Birmingham Bristol Bury Brighton . . . Bradford Buckinghamshire , Bath Carlsle ".v Chelmsford : ^ Cumberland ; - Chester Cheltenham ' .; Cambridge Durham Devonport : : ' Doncister Derby and Chesterfield Dorset Chronicle Gloster Journal Hampshire Advertiser Hampshire Telegraph Hull Advertiser Hereford Times Huntingdon (Halifax) Huddersfield Ipswich Journal Kentish Journal Liverpool Mercury Leeds Mercury I eicesterahiie Lancaster Guardian Ma nch ester Examiner Maidstone Gazette Manx Sun Newcastle Guardian Nottingham Journal Nottinghamshire Guardian Northampton Norfolk Chronicle North and South Shields Oxford Journal Preston Guardian' ' .--: Plymouth Reading Mercury Stamford Mercury Sunderland Herald - Staffordshire Advertiser , Stockport Advertiser Sheffield Times Shrewsbury Sherborne . ' . Salisbury . ' Taunton Western Times West B iton .. ; -v: Worcester ? Warwickshire" "\v Winchester: . . Yeovil York Herald Irish Newspapers Armagh Guardian: ?; Banner of Ulster Cork Examiner Clare Freeman C nnaught Ranger Dublin Warder Do Nation Do Tablet Do Freeman's Journal Do Telegraph Enni-killen Galway Vindicator Newry Telegr ph Northern "Whig of Belfast Limerick Chronicle . Londonderry Standard Sligo Chronicle Tipperary Free Press Waterfoid Scotch Papers Ayr Advertiser Aberdeen Hera d Banffshire Dumfries and Galloway Edinburgh Scotsman Do Witness Glasgow Saturday Post Glasgow Herald Inverness Courier . John O'Groat Journal Dundee Northern Warder Northern Ensign Perth Cupar and Dundee Montrose Reviews Peebles Welsh Papers Monmouthshire Merlin Card ff and Merthyr Guardian Swansea Cambrian Pembroke Herald Caermarthen Welshman Caernarvon & Denbigh Herald ' Continental Ernest Zeifs Garntetaube " IHustrirte Zeitung Kladderada'stch Fliegeiide Blotter :La Mode Inullstree L'lllustration Aftonbladet II Popolo D'ltalia La Seicle La Debais La Presse Danish Newspapers Norwegian (Morgenbladit) " (Punch) Christiana Posten. American Lestie's Illustrated Paper New York Clipper Wilkies' Spirit of the Times Weekly Tribune Do Herald Bos on Traveller .. ? Pilot Bellows'Pictorial Toronto Globe . British-Colonist ... Leader New York Picayune New Orleans Delta St. Louis Republican Hamilton Spectator ^ Harper's Weekly 8an Francisco Field Ledger Periodicals Family Herald London Journal ' Cassells Reynolds' Illustrated Times Harper's Magazine Tale of two Cities Cornhill Magazine sporting Magazine All the Year Round Once a Week &c.;, &c.; Subscriptions at the following rates .-Illustrated London NewB, 16s ; Weekly Dispatohl3s Lloyd's lis. 6d per quarter Family Herald. London Journal, Cassell's Reynolds' equally low A FULL REPORT OF THE TRIAL c* Young v. Warren. Copies of thfl fibovs c&ft; hau «ix tins Office, GRAXl3' 4 SPLENDID NEW ;A?Hp.rtmexit of /V FaiiCV Type, Borders, -Emblem's, &c;<, suitable for Circulars, Cards, . Bill -iieapB,, Delivery Books, &o; , &c;" jaht unpaged- at "The Ovens and Murray Advertiser oJice, Ford Street, Beech worth. RICHARD WARREN, PROPRIETOR. POST OFFICE NOTICES ARRIVAL r F MAILS. From MELBOURNE tnd Intermediate Offices -Daily (except Mondays), at 12 noon From WOOLSHED.-Daily, at 5 p. m., Sun days excepted.) From STANLEY.-Daily, at 5. p .m. Sundays excepted.) From Albdrt.-Daily, at 4 p.m.?>(except Sundays.) From BELVOIK.-Daily, at 4 p.m., (exceit Sundays.) From Buck^asd. "TTRTLE CREEK, MOUSE S CRSEK, akd Growler's CiiKEK. -MOD day. Wednesday »nd Friday, at 5 p.m. From YACHANDANDAH.-Daily at 4 p.m., (except Sundays.) From Wahquntah.-Daily at 5 p.m. (bun days excepted.) From INDIGO.-L'ai.'Y, at 6. p.m., (except Sundays.) From CHILTERN.-Daily at 5 p.m. (Sundays excep ed ) From SANDY AND SKOWY CREEKS.-Mon days, at 4 p.m. DEPARTURE OF MAILS. For Melbourne and Intermediate Offices -Daily (except Sundays), at 5 a.m. (Box closeB at 6.30 p.m., and for legistered letters and newspapers at 4.30 p.m. the previous night.) For Woolbhed.-Daily, at 8 a.m. (Sundays excepted.) Box closes at 8 a m. For STANLEY.-Daily, at 1 p.m. (Sun days excepted.) Eos closes st 12 noon. For ALBURY.-Daily, at 1 p.m. (Sundays excepted). Box closes at 12 noun. On Mondays at 6*30 a.m. Box closeB at 5 p.m. the previous nigbfc. For BELVOIR.-Daily, at 1 p.m. (Sundays excepted.) Box closes at 12 noou. *. n Mondays at 6*30 a m. Box closes at 6 pm. the previous night. For YACHANDANDAH.-Daily at 1 p m, (Sundays excepted.) Box closes at 12 On Mondays at 6*30 a.m. Box closes at 6 p.m. the previous night. For Wahquhyah.-Daily at 8 30 a m. (Sun days excepted.) Box closes at 8 a.m. For INDIGO.-Daily, at 8'30 a,m., (except Sundays. (Box cleses at 5 p .m. the previous night.) For CHILTERN.-Daily, 8.30ata.m. (Sundays excepted. (Box cioses at 6 p.m. the previous night.) For SANDY & Snowy CbeEKS . - Wed nesd ys at 1 p.m. . Sox closes at 12 noon. For BncKLiND, Myrtle CREEK, MORSI's CREEK., and GROWLER'S CREEK-On Tuesday. Thursday and Saturday, at 6 am. (Box closes atu p.m. previous night tgg° Popfcage StampB can be changed for money at this office, at a discount of.5 ptr cent. RATES OF POSTAGE. On letters to any part of the colony s. d. ef "Victoria under half an ounce.. 0 4 On letters out of the colony of Vic toria-except to Foreign countries -under hah an ounce 0 0 On letters pos ed at this Office to remain till called for...i......... 0 2 On letters registered, in addition to the postage..................Feo 1 0 On newspapers, in the colony, or to any part of the United Kingdom... 0 1 All letters not fully prepaid,. will be for* warded to the Dead Letter Office, Melbourne, alter the lapse of thiity days, for the purpose of being rpened, rnd ytivnued to the writers. ITotE,-The public partioui&rly; ?e« quested to apply at Ilia Post Offics :w any information ihey may require respecting the postage rates to Foreign Countries for letters and Newspapers, E, R ELLIOTT, PoRtsasyjtes BeechwortD, 1st January, 1861, Myrtleford Agency. ME. WOODBURN', Postmasfcer, Myrtle ford, haB bein appointed Agent for The Ovens and Murray Advertiser, for the above district, and is authorised to revive Advertisements, Subscriptions, and orders for J ob Printing on account of this office. Ail orders dr communications forwarded through Mr Woodbum will receive prompt attention; "The Ovens and Murray Advertiser' Office, August 25th, 1860. PORT PHILLiP FOUNDRY MELBOURNE. 5\. langlands k Co,, ENGINEERS, Brass and Iron Founders* Black smiths. SOIJLEIt .7S.1KERS, And General Importers of Machinery. HLANGLANDS & CO. are now rre . I ared to provide Quartz Ci ushers ana ethers with mn Horizontal, Vertical, or any style of any size, Either imported or of their own make, and execute orders fi r Stampers, & tamper Gtar, Engine Work, Boilers, Saw and Flour Mill Gear, of the best material and workmanship, at the lowest remunerative profit. Contractors' Ironwork, either cast or wrought, "Weighbridges, Grindstones, Saw mill Benches, Pipes vith flange fascit. A large Btock of Vulcanized Belting: and HOFO of all sizes cheap,Iron and Brass Tubing, Oil Cups, Steam Whistles, Sypbons, Steam Gauges, and a general assortment of goods in the trade. 308 1269 ADVICE GRATIS. 11\. X. X. SMITH, Surgeon and Accoucheur, Licentiate of the Apothecaries' Society of England, Member of Medical Board of Vic toria, givts advice gratis every Morning before Eleven.and in the Evenings between bis and half-past Eight. Prieatc Consultation Fee,&ett; Shilling* DR. L. L. SMITd intimates to the put lie that for the laBt NINE YEARS he has had the largest practice j|and one the most ex tensive in this colony. From every part of the colonics he is dai.y consulted, not only . by those afflicted with the o dinary maladies incidental commonly to the human frame, and to this colony in particular, but in a'.l those diseases which have baffled the Bkill and science of the most eminent Burgeons and physicians of the day-the well known name of Dr. L. L. Smith, which has now become as familiar to the ears of the Sydney, Adelaide and Victorian public as household words, has naturally caused those Buffering from thesa more serious diseases to consult hin as a derniere ressource. Dr. L, L. Smith has thus gained not only a competency and indepen dent position in this colony, but he has also gaintd the highest amount of practical and theoretical experience in his profession. To those residing in the BuBh, desirous of . consulting and being under his Immediate Treatment, Dr. L. L Smith begs leave to state that he has for their conveniencp estab lished one of our largest private institutions in the colony, namely, A LOCK-HOSPITAL. .fnrf Hospital for Shin Mtiieancs. This admirable institution combines within itseli for the patient all the Advantages ot a Home, together with the Greatest Privacy and certainity of speedy sure. It has been well supported and patron: sed by the public tor some four years, and that top at a time whan, as is "well-known by all old coknista. ev> ry other institution of a similar cbaracter failed. Indomitable perseverance, stpady nttention to MB pauent, .together with the advantages of extraordinary experience in his profession, and one of the largest medical libraries in ttie colony for leterence, has been the sole secret of the success of this institution and its founder. Hours for Consultation-Mornings, before Eleven ; Evenings, Six till half-past Eight o'Clock. Consultation Fee by Letter, £1. DK. L. L. SMITH, 192, 1924, Bourlta Street, East, Melbourne. 387 j305. CURE IS AT HAND !!! HOUOWAYS OIHitMM ! Scorbutic Eruptions, as Sore Heads & Scrofulous Swellings. IP this powerful Ointment bo well rubbed into the parts affected, al' skin diseases will be speedily overcome. It acts not by re pression, but repulsion. It enters the system as salt enter? meat, and operates not locally only, but constitutionally purifying the whole system, neutralizing all depraved humours. Mid effecting a radical a d complete cure. The Pills should be taken as an auxiliary to the Ointment, as they are so prepared as io act in unison with it, facilitating and confirm* ing the conquest of the disease. Diphtherial Ulcerated Sore Throat and Quinsey. The above complaints have for m enty years been treated with Holloway'a Ointment and Pills with perfect success. The cures have be9n so remarkable, speedy, and numerous that these oft n fatal diseases are more easily cured by these medicines, than even the com* mon sore throat, if taken in time. The Kidneys, Stone & Gravel, In these complaints, the Ointment almost acts like a charm, providing it is very effect ually rubbed over the regions of the kidneys, which it will penetrate and give almost im mediate relief, while the Pills should be taken according to the printed directions, when the most ext aordinary cures may be effioted by this means. Bad legs, Bad Breasts, Scrofu lous Sores, and Glandular Swellings. In such cases the Ointment operates surely and wi h a rapidity that resembles magic, It should be rubbed into the parts affected, after they hive been fomented with lukewarm water The purifying and curative powers of tbis marvelU»u» unguent havo never failed. Any old soie, wound or ulcer, always yields to it? influence, and in cases of bad brea t», or milk fevers its action is wonderfu.. Glandular swtllings may soon be reduced by following the printed directions. The Action of the Heart Dropsy. This last named disease ia common'y pre ceded by irregular action of the heart, and difficult respiration-which symptoms are always severe, and ever go from bad to worse, unless proper m< ans of cure are resorted to. In Holloway'sunrivilled Ointment and Pills the dropsical patient will ever find succour the present relief derived from the use of theBe remedies ia marvellously quick, and j e^aever ance in the steady application of this famouB Ointment, invariably results in a cure. They act with such energy on the circulation ana absorbent system, that the dropsical fluid vanishes and the sufferer finds all the oppres sive symptoms daily decline; till natural health returns. Gout and Rheumatism. May be cured with the greatest certninity if large quantises of the Ointment be weli woiked inco the complaining parts, and this perseveringly done for s me time. Jt is no Yue to emear it on the skin only, it must be got into the sys.em. Take as many Pills nightly as will act two or three times during the 24 hours-eschew the use of coffee, and all stimulants* W hen these complaints fira leaving the system, the virulence of the com plaint frequently seems to increase. Indiscretion of Youth* Sore:, ulcers, and swellings, can with cer tainity be cured, if thin ointment be thor ou-hly rubbed all round the complainingparts twice >r thrice a day, keeping them covered with linen rag spread whh the game. The Pills must be taken according to the printed dueciions. The blood beins? in an impure state,perseverance is necessary From humane ri.otives letters tf advice will be answered gratitously. To save carriage, the Pills anl Ointment should be ob'ained ia the neighbournood of the sufferer, and nut from Holla way's .Establishment. Both the Ointment and Pills should be used in the following cases Bad Legs Bad Breasts Burns Bunions Bite of MoachetoeB and Sand Flies Coco-bay Chiogo-foofc Chilblains Chapped Rands Corns (Soft) Cancers Contracted and Stiff Joints Elephantiwis Fistulas Gout Glandular Swellings Lumbago Piles Rheumatism] Scalds Sure Nipples Sore-ths oats frkin-diseases curvy S.'>re-heads Tumours Ulcers Wounds Yaws *.* There is a nsidera le saving by taking the larger sizes. N.li.-Direoiions for the guidance of pa tents in every disorder are affixed to each Pot. Two Pounds Reward,. LOST, on Twist's Cieek, Yachandandah, a Black Horse, branded FL mar shoulder 2 off neck, shore tail. Any person bringing the same to F. W. Stiles, Stationer, &c.;, Yaehauciandah, shall receive the above reward, 608 1272 TO PAINTERS* 'r'TJR.N-OYER at Gasn and Press Wanted. L Must be a good hand. " Ovens and Murray Advertiser^* Office, Beech worth. ESCORT TO MELBOURNE. April 17th, 1861. We give below the particulars of the Go »emment Escort, despatched to Melbourne this Morning, compare 1 with the Escort ftfr the corresponding period last year. Gold Field. Beeohworfch Buckland Morse's Crtek " Yachandandah ... Chiltern ......... Indigo..^.^..^,^. Previous Escorts 1861. OZB. dwt 2,863 0 1,472 o 1,221 10 2,148 10 7,707 0 68>787 0 1860. 76,494 0 ozs. dwt. The last Escort amounted to 8,4*7 10 The one this Morning to... "7,7i>7 0 Showing a decrease of .. 780 10 The next Government Escort will 1 are ti e different districts on the dattB mentioned below From Beechworth. To Befchworth. MorBe'B Creek April 25 April 27 Yachandandahj 29 29 Indigo 26 27 Beechworth, May 1, for Melbourne. Parcels to be transmitted from.Beechworth will fee received attV-e Gold Office until'3 p.m. of the proceeding days, The collection* on account of Revenue for Miners' Rights, Business Licenses, and CMnese Licenses, for the month c f February, amount to £2 635 10B. from the gold'fielda ef this district. THE POREPUSKA HOTEL OV£NS CROSSING. JAMES D UNCAff, (Late of the Morse's Creek Hotel,) RESPECTFULLY informs Ihe residents of Morae'a Creek, the Buckland,Ovens River, and the publio generally thafc first, clasa accommodation, and Wines and Spirits Of the finest quality, can always ba obtained at the above establishment. The Hotel haa recently undergone thorough repairs. It haa been. Dewly painted through, out, and neaily decorated. The situation of the house cannot be sut* passed for the beauty oi the scenery, and itg special 'advantages as a rendezvous for Pfo Nio Parties and well-know GOOD BTABl'INQ, 888. NOTICE. Gaffney's Creek <Jamieson's Diggings), Upper Goulburn, MR. CHARLES JENKIR IS now visitin? these diggings on buaineia in connection with this office. Advertisements for insertion in the Ovtm and Murray Advertiser orders for Printing, or for copie9 of this Journal, <fcc., entrusted to hits, will meet with every attention. RICHA.RO "WARREN. Ovens and Murray Adrerliser Office, Beechwonh, 11th April, 1861. Morse's Creek Mining and General Commit sion Agency, THE undersigned having bunlnejs at Gaffaey's Creek, which will require his preoenee there for seveial days, requesia that during his absence, letters, &c.;, intended for him, may be left at Mr. Auger'Sj Lone Star Hotel. Morse's Creek township, or at Mr. McCarriok's, ^Jflne Hotel, Growler's Creek. CHARLES JENKIN» MorBe's Creek, 10th April, 1861. WANTED an active Acrent and Correa. pondeit for this Journal at Chiltern, Apply to Richard Warren, JBeech worth. Clarendon Street, corner of Albert Street. Pitzroy Garden^ MELBOURNE* THIS Ins itntion offers many peculiar ad« vantages. The premises are spacious and airy, each cla*s has its separate class* room; and the Principals, assisted by a numerous and efficient staff of TeacbetB, devote their whole time and energies to theii pupils. The accommodation for Resident Boarders is very euperior.and the house most pleasantly situated. A Prospectus will be forwarded on applies* tion. PRINCIPAIS MB. & Msg. VIENSBENT,, 807 1279 -v Alt! 0 C K & GO.'S BILLIAKD TABLES, MANUFACTURED of best Spanish ma» hbgaHy guaranteed. Acknowledged superior to the beBfc Engliah makers " Lamps suited for Kerosine* Billiard Cloth, Balls, Cues, Tip3, Lamps, &c; on Bile. Show R«cms-95 Litilo Bourke-atreet easfe, Manafaettry-132 Russeffl-streek, «?)! 1298 Shipping Advertisements? , T) ASS AGES from ENGLAND L -WHITE STAR LINE 0? jfaBBgfe-^RI fisa- AND AUSTRALIAN Pa.oK.ii L'S, Sailihg from Liverpool for Me!' bourne on the 1st and 20th of each Month comprising the following, and other first-class ships. IONS. TONS. White Star ..... 4,000 Red Jacket.,. 3,000 Prince of the Seat/2,500 Blue Jacket... 1,800 Shalimar , 2,500 Sirrocoo ..... 2,00# Mermaid 1,800 Green Jacket 2,50^ Annie "Wilson . 1.800 White Jacket 1,800 Lord Raglan . .. 2.000 Miriam ... r 1,700 Telegraph .......1,800 Blue Jacket,.2,SCn Parties desirous of bringing their friends iromhume. can da bo, en very favorable terms through the undersigned, who issu* passage certificates for the above cele brated Line of Packets. For further particulars, &c.;, apply to LOKIMER, MACEIE, & CO, Agent#, 122 Colline St., West, Melbourne* 361 BLACK BALL AND EAGLE LINES OF PACKETS. For LIVERPOOL Direct To sail on Wednesday, 16th May, 1861, The Liverpool and Australian N&vifratio;^ Company s magnificent and powerful Screw SteamBhip GREAT BRITAIN, 5000 tons, 600 horse-power, JOHN GRAY, Commander, In calling the attention of colonists pro* ceeding to Europe, the fact of the rapidity and regularity wi'h v> hinh the Gieafc Britain has performed her previous voyages, has placed her far at><>ve any vessel trading to this port, and insurer 10 pd>sengers their ; reaching Home almost as quickly as by the Overland Mai', whi st the great expense and frequent cha⩾ inseparable ftom that route, are entirely avoided. For plans of cabins, dieeary scale, and particulars, apply to BRIGHT BROS* & CO., Melbourne. 464 Printed and published-in Ford-sfcreet, Beech worth, Victoria-by RICHARD WARR®^ Proprietor. 