SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. This mail will carry to England the news of another political crisis, followed by a change of Ministry. On the 29th ult., the Treasurer of Mr. Heales's Government made his financial state- ment, announcing a deficit of some £300,000 to £400,000 in the year's reveuue. This deficit, he proposed to make good chiefly by additional Customs duties to the extent of £150,000 ; by wharfage rates, estimated at £125,000 ; and by a tax on bank-notes. The Customs duties were to consist prin- cipally of an ad valorem rato of 10 per cent on certain manufactured articles, an increased tax of one shilling a gallon on wine, and increased taxes on other items, called " of luxury." The wharfage rates were to be raised on a great variety of imported articles, embracing not only such as entered into competi- tion with native produce, but such as were used, as it was thought, exclusively by the higher classes. While placing these additional burdens upon the people, it was proposed by Mr. Verdon to reduce the gold export duty from half-a-crown to eighteen pence an ounce; to reduce the duty on tea from 6d. to 3d. per lb., and that on raw sugar from 6s. to 4s. per cwt. The expenditure of the year 1862 was estimated by Mr. Verdon at £3,027,455 - that for the year 1861 being £3,268,725. 'The details of the scheme, as announced by the Treasurer, showed that great reductions were pro- posed to be made, as last year, in the permanent public establishments, while the expenditure on public works is mained almost without alteration. The actual state of the colonial finances, as estimated by the late Government, will be found detailed below. Mr. Heales's scheme of finance, intended to win popularity from the two classes of the artisans and the miners, did not succeed in earning the favour of either, and gave deep offence to the general industrial and trading com- munity. The protectionists com- plained that the new duties were too small to afford them the advantage they required, and which Mr. Heales had promised; while the free traders were naturally alarmed at a proposition which tended to take us backward in the course of fiscal reform, to overload this young com- munity with the burdens of older states, and to injure seriously the interests of Melbourne as the first shipping port of the Australian seas. The dissatisfaction created by the Ministerial propositions found an echo even within the Assembly of Mr. Heales's own creation. It was argued that no case whatever had been made out for increased taxation ; that if the revenue had declined, the decline was more nominal than real, owing to the enhanced value of money; that the expenditure, for the same reason, might be reduced in nominal amount, without interfering seriously with the interests of the colony ; that the public works were upon an extravagant scale, and that a general reduction should take place in all the items of expenditure, rather than that the revenue should be supplemented by new taxation, to maintain an expenditure in excess of the real wants of the country. On the 5th inst., Mr. O'Shanassy, in the Lower House, brought forward an amendment, to the effect that the Go- vernment scheme of finance was " un- reliable and unsatisfactory," and that the House declined to enter into its consideration. After a debate of four days, this amendment was carried against Ministers by a majority of 40 to 34. This was followed by the resignation of Mr. Heales and his col- leagues, and the formation of a new Ministry under the leadership of Mr. O'Shanassy, including Mr. Haines, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Duffy, Mr. Wood, Mr. J. S. Johnston, Mr. Anderson, Mr. Ireland, and Captain McMahon, with Mr. Mitchell in the Upper House, without office. The new Ministry, comprising, as it does, all the most experienced and able of our Victorian statesmen, and includ- ing within its ranks no less than three ex-Chief Secretaries and two Attorney Generals, is by far the most powerful in personnel which has ever held office in this colony. And although several of its members have been, at various times, in opposition to each other, the circumstances of the country, and the peculiar condition of parties, warrant a combination, which, up to this time, and but for Mr. Heales's daring outrages on the law and the Constitution, could never have been obtained. Among all those most interested in order and good government, the Ministry inspires the utmost confidence, and even by those who object to two or three of its constituent elements, it is felt that there is no other present relief from the dangers to which the country is ex- posed, through the ultra democracy and its unscrupulous leaders. The new Government has lost no time in declaring its policy. On the great and all-important question of land, a scheme, simple, just, and expedient, has been announced by Mr. Duffy, the Minister for Lands and Works. While exceeding in liberality even Mr. Brooke's boasted system, which was filched from an obscure clause of the present act, against the intention of Parliament, Mr. Duffy's plan has the advantage of providing something which does not require any " stepping beyond the law," either for its own sake, or for the purpose of terrifying the Upper House. Adopting the main prin- ciples of the Nicholson Land Bill, which was first distorted by Mr. Heales in the framing, and then spoilt by him in the administration, the new Go vernment proposes to set aside 10,000,000 acres of agricultural land for sale, at the rate of three or four million acres a-year, in allotments of from forty to six hundred and forty acres, at the fixed price of £1 an acre to the first applicant. In the case 0f any dispute as to the priority of application, the question is to be settled by lot. Any purchaser, by paying the full price for one-half of his allotment, may obtain the other half by eight annual payments of 2s. 6d. an acre. The proceeds of the land-fund are to be appropriated to the triple objects of local improvements, of the maintenance of roads and bridges, and of immigration. Parliament has adjourned to the 17th December, to give time to the Ministers to complete their arrangements, and to proceed with their re-elections. A formidable opposition, at least of numbers, awaits them on the re-as- sembling of the House, but the feeling of the country is unquestionably in favour of giving the new men at least a fair trial in office. A profound impression has been created throughout the colony, by the melancholy tidings of the death of the explorers, Burke and Wills, within a few miles of Cooper's Creek, upon their return from the successful accomplishment of their heroic task. The shores of the Gulf of Carpentaria were reached in safety, and the great problem of Australian geo- graphy for ever set at rest. Full details of this glorious yet mournful passage in the history of Victoria are given below. At the date of our list summary for England, Parliament had re-assembled after the recess ac- corded to the Heales Ministry for the prepara- tion of their budget. The financial statement has been made, and propositions for new taxa- tion, in the shape of direct imposts on certain im- ported articles of merchandise, and wharfage, and light dues, &c.;, have been submitted. But the Legislative Assembly has pronounced the finan- cial calculations unreliable, and the character of the taxation undesirable. The discussion was taken as involving the existence of the Heales Ministry. The result was a vote adverse to that Government by forty to thirty four, and a new Ministry, of which Mr. O'Shanassy is the head, is now in office. It is composed of the following - experienced members : Mr. O'Shannssy - Chief Secretary. Mr. Haines - Minister of Finance. Mr. Nicholson - Member of the Executive Council, without office. Mr. Duffy - Lands and Survey. Mr. Ireland - Attorney-General. Mr. Wood - Minister of Justice and Mines. Mr. Johnston - Public Works. Mr. Anderson - Trade and Customs. Mr. McMahon - Member of the Executive Council, without office. Mr. Mitchell - Representative in the Upper House. It is not decided whether the Railway Depart- ment will be managed hereafter as at present, or, as before, in connexion with that of Public Works. If separate, then Mr. McMahon will be charged with that department, and if added to the duties of the Commissioner of Public Works, then the hon. member for West Bourke will be come Postmaster General. Amongst the omis- sions from the list, the most noticeable, perhaps, is that of Dr. Evans, who formerly held office with Mr. O'Shanassy. The debate, which terminated in the important result we have now recorded, was commenced on the 30th ultimo by Mr. Verdon, the late Trea- surer, of whose statement the following abridge- ment may be submitted : "He moved the House into Committee of Ways and Means with more satisfaction than he had anticipated a few months ago, because, though the Customs revenue had fallen off considerably, and though that falling-off could be traced to a diminution of the consuming power of the colony, which might be expected to continue, no reason existed for apprehension as to the financial condition of the country. When he had made his first financial statement, he had stated the balance from 1860 at £1,000 ; but the savings having been £300,000, the actual balance to carry forward to 1861 was £100,000. The expenditure for 1861 was estimated at £3,268,725. Against that was to be placed the revenue collected to the 21st instant, amounting to £2,198 340, and that to be re- ceived, estimated at £710,912 - or £2,909,252. In this estimate he had made an allowance of £50,000 for the loss occasioned in Septem- ber by the rush to Otago. There would, therefore, be an apparent deficiency at the end of the year of £359,473. The savings on 1861 (£170 000) would reduce that apparent deficiency, against which also would be set the savings on the year 1860 beyond the Estimates. The deficiency would thus be reduced to £88,028, but to this would have to be added the Supplementary Estimates for 1861, amounting to £34 654, making the prob able deficiency £123,682, against which, however, would be set the amount to be collected during the present year of the new duties to be imposed. Before framing the Estimates, the Government thought it necessary that the permanent expen- diture of the country should be reduced to the lowest point compatible with efficiency ; and as the permanent heads of departments had repre- sented that large reductions could be made if they were free to deal with their departments as the manager of any private institution would with his employees, they were invited to meet and deal with the subject, and were informed that Parliament would be asked for compensation to any officer deprived of his office. That committee had drawn up a report, which the Government had accepted without amendment and in which the service was classified as in the Estimates, the maximum and minimum of the salaries having been fixed by the Government after full con- sidertion of the status of matters in this respect in other colonies. The highest salary in the first class was £600, and the lowest £480 ; in the second, £450 and £340 ; in the third, £300 and £200; and in the fourth, £180 and £80. After stating the amount of the savings in the various departments on the Estimates for 1862, as com- pared with 1861 and 1860 enumerating the prin cipal votes to be proposed, and stating that the Model Farm would be handed over to the Accli- matisation Society, the Treasurer proceeded to state the position of the railway account. £5,400,000 of debentures had been sold in London, and £251,750 in the colony. The balance in Londonon and in hand would enable the works to proceed without further sales until April next. The further experiment the Government were about to try, in the sale to small capitalists of the second class debentures, would show to the Government whether those debentures were required, and whether the first practice of inviting tenders from capitalists should be again resorted to. The revenue for 1862 was estimated at £3,027,455. The altera- tions to be proposed were as follow : - 3d per lb. on sheepwash tobacco, which would give £10,000 ; on cigars and snuff, an increase of duty from 3s. to 5s. per lb., which would give £16,000 ; and on wine an increase from 2s to 3s. per gallon, which would give £20,000. On unmanufactured leaf tobacco 1s. per lb. of duty would be remitted ; the tea duty would be reduced one half ; a differential duty of 4s. per cwt. in favour of raw sugar would be proposed, and the gold duty would be reduced from 2s. 6d. to 1s. 6d. an ounce. The remissions would amount to £163,811, or a net loss of £117,811 of duties. He estimated the Customs duties for 1862 at a less sum than they had produced in any previous year, as the consuming power of the colony was de- creasing. The total revenue he expected to raise in 1862 was £3,027,455, and the total expenditure £3,123,145. Compensation for members of the Assembly (payment of members), for which he provided, but for which a constitutional' difficulty had prevented him asking on the Estimates, would add £21,000 to the expenditure ; and the balance he expected to carry to 1863 was £2,,113. The new duties to be imposed, and the amounts they were expected to realize, were as follow : Furniture and materials for furniture, carriages, manufactured timber, &c.;, ten per cent ad valorem, which would produce £38,000 ; butter and cheese, 10s. per cwt., £36,000; wines, 6d. per gallon, £3.000 ; dried fruits, 10s. per cwt., £5,500 ; candles, 10s. per cwt., £21,000; malt, 6d. per bushel, £5,500 ; rice, 1s. 6d. per cwt., £15,000 ; cocoa, 6d. per lb., £2,500 ; confec- tionery 6d per lb., £2,000 ; musical instruments, jewellery, &c.;, fifteen per cent, ad valorem, £8,000 ; silks, satins, &c.;, ten per cent ad va- lorem, £5.000. These sums, with £20,000 from wine, would give £174,000, but, as a reduced importation might take place, only £150,000 was calculated upon. Taxation of some sort was necessary, and the Government had endeavoured to place the new duties on luxuries, and not to fetter trade. He concluded a speech of one hour and three-quarters' duration by submitting the first of the series of resolutions authorizing the imposition of new duties." Mr. O'Shanassy moved the adjournment of the debate for a few days, to give members an opportunity of examining the scheme proposed by the Government before its discussion, on the ground that the propositions it contained were of the greatest gravity, involving, as they did, prin- ciples of the highest importance to the future welfare of the colony. The motion was assented to, and on the 5th inst. Mr. O'Shanassy re-opened the debate by moving the following amend- ment : " That this House, having maturely considered the estimate of income for 1862, submitted by the Government, is of opinion that it is unre- liable and unsatisfactory. It is further of opi- nion, that the inconsistent policy upon which such estimate is founded, gives no assurance of raising the country from its present depressed condition ; and this House, therefore, declines to enter upon its consideration." Mr. O'Shanassy supported these propositions by observing that as the four financial statements the Treasurer had been called upon to submit to the House, all varied from each other, and none of them had been realised ; they had nothing in the past to induce them to place confidence in the calculations now submitted. As to the new propositions of taxation, Ministers had not even foreshadowed any probability of the country be- ing more prosperous at the close of next year than it was now. After referring to the manner in which the Civil Service had been dealt with, he denied that the changes of the tariff proposed by the Treasurer would meet his own views, of distributing the burden of taxation more equally over the population than it was at present. No principle was involved in the alterations, as shown in the tea duty, which, now 6d., was to he made 3d., while in England it was 1s. 5d. per lb. When the tea duty was fixed at 6d., the articles on the Customs list were reduced from 160 arti cles to some half-dozen, and for seven years those few articles had given a revenue of about £1,500,000 per annum (collected at the small cost of three and a half per cent ), and that revenue not falling unfairly upon the poorer classes. Why, then, should so simple and advantageous a tariff be changed? Was there or was there not protection in the change? If there was, it was so surrounded with embarrassment that it would be undesirable even to protectionists. But the " revision of the tariff" gave no protection to the farmer, or to the mechanic, while it would isolate the colony in its trade relations with the other colonies. Wharf- age rates has been condemned long ago. The Treasurer's only argument in favour of that branch of his scheme was the cost of the wharfs ; but for the same reason an extra toll ought to be imposed to repay the first cost of the roads. He was not opposed to such a rate for the main- tenance and repair of wharfs, but for revenue and for the first of these objects a more desirable mode of imposing the tax could be suggested. No evidence had been adduced to show that the items calculated upon would produce the sums calculated on from them. He objected to ad valorem duties, which had, in the experience of all countries, led to frauds ; and remarked that, while the Treasurer proposed to take duties off the necessaries of life, he placed a tax on butter and cheese, and while he laid a tax on candles (to encou rage native industry, he allowed oil to go free. The Treasurer calculated that ten per cent. on silk would produce £5,000, while the imports of that article showed that the tax would really produce at least £70,000. As to the tax on bank-notes he disposed of that coup by citing his assent to it. He doubted whether the railways would yield the large sum set down. As to that from land, why were the details not placed before the House? A balance was brought over from 1859 of £354,463. It dwindled down to £2,113 at the end of 1862; and if the savings of the present year were not calculated in the year, the de- ficiency would be, as they had all alone esti- mated, something like £200,000. If the gold duty was a tax, and not a rent, it should be abolished, not reduced. He defended the jus- tice of that impost ; and after referring to the omission of the item of payment of members from the Estimates - one of the great cards of the Ministry during the elections - he proposed his amendment, stating that, in the event of a change of Government, the same policy would not be followed out. A fixed policy was abso- lutely necessary, to give value to property and restore prosperity to the country. The amendment was seconded by Mr. Nichol- son ; and the debate was protracted till an early hour on the morning of the 9th instant, when the Assembly divided, with the result already stated. Every member of the House voted, with the exception of two, one of whom would have voted for the amendment and the other with the Ministry. One constituency, however, which re- turns two members, was represented by one mem- ber only, the other - Mr. Patrick Costello - had been expelled a few days before by a vote of the House, having been convicted before the Circuit Court at Ballarat of conspiring to procure the personation of voters in connexion with the election for the county of Mornington. The As sembly afterwards adjourned to the 17th proximo, on the motion of Mr. Nicholson, to give the new Ministers time to go before their constituents for re-election, to revise the Estimates, and prepare the measures which they will immediately submit to Parliament. Amongst the first measures which the Ministry of Mr. O'Shanassy will submit to Parliament, will be an act to amend the Nicholson Land Bill. The main features of the provisions it will contain, and of the policy of the new Ministry generally, have already been placed before the country in an address by Mr. Duffy to his constituents, and by Mr. O'Shanassy in a speech to the doctors of Kilmore. The issue of the " occupation licences," which Mr Brooke commenced, has been stopped, Ministers regarding the policy of the late President of the Board of Lands and Survey as highly inimical at once to the country and to the settler \- the licence giving no permanent, or transmittable, or negotiable interest in the land held under it. They propose to create into freeholds the licences already issued. They will separate the agricultural lands of the colony, estimated at 10,000,000 acres, still unalienated, from the pasto- ral, and divide them into districts, placing them in the market in farms varying from forty to six hundred and forty acres, at £1 per acre ; giving the selector, however, the right to take up one half of his farm at once at the fixed price, and to lease the other moiety for eight years at 2s. 6d. per acre, the land then to become the settler's own without farther payment. Limited auction is to be abolished. Of the money thus obtained from the sale of land, one-third is to be devoted to local improvements, such as roads and bridges, and a third to promote immigration, settlers having the right to nominate friends whose pas- sages they desire to be paid out of this fund. An immigration of a most valuable description will thus be promoted, from which much good to the colony will undoubtedly flow in the future, while an additional stream of immigrants will be directed to the colony by the labours of lecturers in England, whom it is the in- tention of the Government to employ. The pastoral lands will be dealt with on a system not varying greatly from that which now exists. It is admitted that some 30,000,000 acres of land in Victoria are fit only for pastoral purposes, and for the occupation of these lands annual licences will be issued, under a system which will do justice at once to the squatter and the interests of the public. Special industries will receive encouragement ; not, however, in the form of protection, or exclusive privileges ; and in the revision of the tariff care will be taken that the position Melbourne has attained as a free port will not be sacrificed. The Estimates submitted by the Heales Ministry, so far as related to the Civil Service, proceeded upon a classification arranged by a committee of the permanent heads of depart- ments, and a bill, giving effect to the suggestions of the committee was laid on the table by Mr. Heales. The desirability of such an arrange- ments has long been admitted, both in and beyond the Civil Service, and the new Government will introduce a similar measure. Large as the reductions in salaries made last year were, still greater savings are expected to be made by the consolidation of offices ; and a plan is under con- sideration by which the expense of the police may be still further reduced under a system of land grants to a body of special constables, to be selected from the force, after a service of seven or eight years. No other measure of any importance has fallen to the ground with the over- throw of the Government of Mr. Heales, with the exception of that providing for deserted children, which Mr. O'Shanassy will probably take up, and that substituting a national system of education for the dual system at present in existence. A bill for the reduction of the salary of the Governor has already been announced. The change of Ministers is likely to be followed by the attainment of greater harmony between the two branches of the Legislature. Latterly the breach between the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly had widened into an almost impassable gulf ; collisions were of constant occurrence ; and, through the attitude assumed by the Executive to the Council, a feeling of hostility was fostered, which rendered legislation almost impossible. The confidence of the Council in the Government of Mr. O'Shanassy has already been shown by the adjournment of the upper branch of Parliament to the 14th of January, 1862, and by the with- drawal of Mr. Mitchell's motion for an address to Her Majesty on the action of the Governor in connexion with the issue of the agricultural occupation licences in the face of the remon strances of the Council. The elections of Ministers are proceeding. Mr. O'Shanassy will be returned on Wednesday for Kil- more ; and Mr. Haines will, in all likelihood, be again seated for Portland, without opposition. In Villiers and Heytesbury, where the nomination takes place to-morrow, Mr. Duffy and Mr. Ireland are not likely to meet with antagonists. At Emerald Hill Mr. Anderson is opposed, but his return is tolerably certain ; while at St Kilda Mr Johnston has to encounter a resistance which he has on a previous occasion overcome without difficulty. Mr. Manifold has resigned his seat for Warrnambool in favour of Mr. J. D. Wood, who will not be seriously opposed in that consti tuency. Various changes have taken place in the consti tution of the Assembly during the month. Dr. Mackay represents North Gipps Land ; Mr. Sin clair (a contractor) has been elected for North Melbourne, in room of Mr. Costello (whose ex pulsion from the Assembly has already been referred to), Mr. J. Chapman has been unseated for Castlemaine by the Elections Committee, on the ground of his having been an uncertificated insolvent at the time of his election, and his seat has been taken by Mr. A. J. Smith, who stood next on the list at the poll. Little or no progress has been made with the other petitions before the committee. One of the last acts of the Assembly before the adjournment was the suspension of the standing orders, and the passage through various stages of a bill to enable the Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company to sell their undertaking. This measure, it is hoped, will enable the company to save the shareholders from much of the loss with which the at present unfortunate position of their property threatened them. An amalgamation with the Hobson's Bay Railway Company is contemplated. The shareholders who lately transferred the Geelong and Melbourne line to the Government may congratulate themselves on a fortunate escape from a very bad bargain. The state of the line is so unsatisfactory that the Engineer in Chief reports that not less than £200,000 will be required to put it in a thoroughly satisfactory condition for the traffic expected on the opening of the Geelong and Ballarat line. Pleuro-pneumonia, which lately prevailed to some extent amongst cattle in this colony, has broken out with considerable virulence in the districts of New South Wales bordering on Vic toria, Arrangements have been made by the Government at Sydney for the destruction on a large scale of affected cattle, with a view to the eradication or limitation of the disease ; and a qualified inspector has been sent to the Murray by our own Government, whose business it will be for some time to come to examine all cattle crossing into Victoria, and to prevent the intro duction of those labouring under this dreaded disease. At last we have intelligence of a most mourn ful character as to the fate of the small exploring party, headed by Burke, who left Cooper's Creek in December last, to examine the interior of the country towards Carpentaria. They succeeded in their mission. They made a perfectly successful journey to the mouth of the Albert River ; they proved that the country from Coo per's Creek northward is well grassed and watered, and not a barren and stony desert - but they died, with one exception, on their return, while the means of relief were almost at hand. The full details will be found in another column. We may shortly state here, however, that on the 2nd instant, information reached Melbourne from Sandhurst of the arrival there of a messenger - Mr. Brahe -from Mr. Howitt's searching expedi tion, with a despatch from that leader, conveying the melancholy intelligence that Burke and Wills had perished at Cooper's Greek, in the month of June last, of exhaustion, from fatigue and want of proper food, and that a third member of the party, Gray, had died some time previously. The fourth, King, was found on the Creek, living with the natives, by whom he was treated kindly. He was, however, in a weak and exhausted state, though, we are happy to state, he is now restored to health. In his possession were the journals of the leader of the Expedition and Mr. Wills's maps and notes (now in possession of the Royal Society), which show that Burke and his com panions successfully accomplished the crossing of the continent to the shores of the Gulf of Car pentaria, which they reached on the 11th February. The chart kept by Mr. Wills shows that the party followed Sturt's tract to its furthest point, in lat. 24, when, finding the country to the north impracticable, a course was struck direct east to the 140th parallel of longitude, which they followed north almost in a straight line, to the Albert River. They rested three days at a point on the river, in lat. 17deg. 53min. south, within the tidal influence, thus accomplishing the great feat of crossing the continent from sea to sea. The party then turned back, almost by the same route travelling for the most part of the way on foot, killing their horses and some of their camels for food, and suffering much from hunger. They reached Cooper's Creek on the evening of the 21st April, - the very day on which Brahe and the depot party under his charge left the creek to return to Menindie. A small quantity of pro visions hidden by the depot party was found by Burke and his companions, who, feeling them selves too weak to travel to Menindie (about 400 miles), made two successive attempts to reach the South Australian settlements, and were driven back on both occasions by want of water. In those attempts the month of May was spent, the provisions that remained were rapidly be coming exhausted, the food which they were able to prepare from a native plant which they dis- covered was insufficient in quantity to recruit their failing strength, and late in the month of June - just as Mr. Howitt's party began its jour ney in search of the missing party - poor Burke died while in the act of making a last attempt to obtain succour for himself and Wills from the blacks , and Wills alone in his hut, and about the same time as his friend Burke, breathed his last. From June till the 15th of September, when he was found by Howitt, King, the last survivor of the party, lived amongst the natives of Cooper's Creek. He will reach Melbourne this evening when he will be received in a man ner which will testify the importance the public attach to the discoveries made by the party of which he was a member, and the sense enter tained of the devotion he exhibited to the dead heroes. The news of the fate of Burke and Wills was received in Melbourne with the most pro found sorrow, and the details which afterwards obtained publication only heightened the admira- tion previously felt for the devoted band, and deepened the regret that a series of fatal omissions had left us only the memory of our heroes, and that we can only bestow on the dead those laurels that we should have been proud to place on the brows of the living men. The popular feeling at once obtained expression in the Legislative Assembly, where Ministers announced their intention to ask funds to erect a monument to the memory of Burke and Wills, and where a substantive resolution was afterwards adopted, on the motion of Mr. O'Shannssy to the effect that the remains of the heroes should be brought to Melbourne and interred in the cemetery, that the funeral should be a public one, and that a monument should be erected over their graves, to commemorate at once their achievements and their fate. The motion was seconded by the then Chief Secretary (Mr Heales), who stared that the survivor of the party - King - would not be forgotten, and that a searching inquiry would be instituted as to why succour had not been afforded when it was so near. Instructions were afterwards forwarded by the Exploration Committee of the Royal Society to Mr. Howitt to return to Cooper's Creek from Menindie, and bring in the remains of all the members of the party who originally left Melbourne in August of last year. It is doubt ful, however, whether this course is a wise one, and practicable. Mr. Howitt found the waters rapidly drying up, as he returned from Cooper's Creek, and though there is reason to believe that a practicable route can be found to the westward of Burke's track from the Darling to Cooper's Creek on which permanent water is afforded by a chain of lakes, that track would lead the party far away from the spot where Dr. Becker and those who are buried with him lie. Even if the party should reach Cooper's Creek, the remains of Gray would have to be searched for in the desert some days' journey northwards, while the task of bringing down seven bodies across so difficult a country would be far beyond the strength of Mr. Howitt's party. There is time, fortunately, for reconsideration of the decision arrived at, and a feeling grows up that the mortal remains of the heroes should not be disturbed. At the same time, the impression daily be comes deeper, that the Royal Society is not free from blame and a commission has been issued for a strict inquiry into the management of the business of the Expedition. The gentlemen intrusted with the inquiry are Major General Sir Thomas Pratt, chairman ; Sir Francis Murphy, the Hon. M. Hervey, Mr. J. F. Sullivnn, and Mr Sturt, and the investigation has commenced. Information has been received of the progress of Walker's overland party, despatched from Queensland in search of Burke. He had fol- lowed Gregory's western track (not that which Gregory followed from Carpentaria as the com mittee of the Royal Society intended he should do). On the 6th of October, Walker was in lat. 29deg. 30min., long 146 deg., and from that point he intended striking north-north-west to the Albert River, where he expected to meet Captain Norman, and the party sent to Carpentaria by the steamer Victoria, about the 10th instant. Walker would thus, in all probability, come on Burke's tracks, and follow them down the Albert. It is to be hoped that no further mishap or mistake will occur, and that the Victoria may leave Carpentaria in January, for Brisbane, where Captain Norman will receive despatches, as it has been found impracticable to communi- cate with him at an earlier date. But intelligence has also been received of another tragedy near Cooper's Creek, the victims in which are unknown. The South Australian searching party, headed by Mr. McKinlay, has returned to the settled regions, and reported that within twelve miles of the western part of Cooper's Creek, they found, on the 25th of October, the remains of seve ral bodies of white men. The relics found were insufficient to identify the dead, but they proved that the party had been massacred by the natives, and that one of the bodies had been partially eaten by them. McKinlay's supposition (he was in ignorance of Howitt's discoveries) was, that the remains were those of Burke's party. That supposition we know to be incorrect. The party, most probably, was a small private one, in search of country for squatting purposes, whose identity may never be satisfactorily established. It cannot, surely, be that of Leichardt, of whose fate some faint traces have lately been received from Western Australia. The Industrial Exhibition has been a great success, the daily visitors have been very numerous, and the contributions sent in will enable the Commissioners to do the colony some credit in London. A few days ago the Exhibition received in addition which may, in every sense, be reckoned one of the greatest of its attractions. It is an enormous pyramid, gilded to resemble gold, and intended to be a visible symbol of the amount of gold found in Victoria from the first discovery of the diggings until now. That amount exceeds 800 tons, and the pyramid, ten feet square at the base, rises to a height that compelled the roof of the building to be broken to allow the apex to pass through. The pyramid rests on a bas of quartz, and all over the surface models of well known nuggets that have been found in the colony are placed and numbered, so that they may be traced in the catalogue. Various appropriate statistical inscriptions have also been arranged on the faces of the pyramid, explanatory of its object. That the pyramid will be a great feature amongst the Victorian contributions is self evident, and the ingenious idea - and it has been well carried out - is likely to draw the attention of visitors to the department. The Exhibition closes with the present month, when packing-up will commence. The fine clipper, Young Australia, will convey to the Thames the contributions of Victoria to the Worlds Industrial Exhibition. An encampment of the volunteers on a large scale will take place during the ensuing Christmas holidays. The locality is not yet decided upon, but the probability is that the high ground, near Sunbury, on the Mount Alexander line of railway, will be selected. The visit of the All England Eleven is looked forward too with much interest by the cricketers of the Australian colonies and the public gene rally. The party, who are expected early in De cember, will receive a warm welcome. The miners have scarcely recovered from the excitements and disappointments of the New Zealand rush, and yet they are already indulging in dreams of wealth to be hastily gathered on the Lachlan, a gold-field in New South Wales, from which some contradictory and, it is supposed, exaggerated reports have lately been received. In our own colony, discoveries almost as valu able as gold itself to the permanent prosperity of the colony continue to be made. Coal has been found near Daylesford, and huge quantities are now being raised at Cape Paterson, while a new field has recently been opened up in the Western Port District. A valuable bed of lignite has been found in the Ballarat district, near Corduroy. From the explorations already made, it would seem that the bed of lignite is half a mile wide, and varies in depth up to a maximum of forty feet, the general average being estimated at about half that depth. A shaft 220 feet deep was put down, which struck the deposit at sixty- four feet, and got through it at 104 feet, veins of the ligneous formation, however, being cut through all the way to the depth of 220 feet, while a bore put down to a depth of 310 feet also cut ligneous veins at intervals. The lignite has been proved to be rich in resin, of great heat pro ducing power, and almost destitute of smoke. Gold has been found lately in districts sup posed to be purely agricultural, and over widely scattered lands, extending down almost to the sea, near Geelong, while the auriferous nature of the metallic sulphurets abundant in some of our quartz reefs, has for some time back been the subject of inquiry and experiment. Mr. T. Woolgrove, Government mining surveyor in the Steiglitz district, in his last monthly report to the Mining Department, says, " The metallic sulphurets collected from the mullock tailings have been found to contain about five ounces of gold per ton of sulphuret, while some collected from the quartz tailings of the Morning Star Company have decided at the rate of twenty two ounces per ton. If attention is given to the preservation of this waste, it may soon prove as great a source of gold as the mullock. If to those discoveries we add the superior knowledge and experience of some of our mining superin- tendents - not in the knowledge of how to apply machinery, but in directing the application of labour and careful observation of strata slides and slips, and other daily circumstances arising in gold- mining, we are as a community far a-head of any new country in the search for gold " Melbourne has recently been brought into communication with Brisbane, the capital of Queensland, by electric telegraph. By sea, direct intercourse has also been opened up, the steam ship Balclutha having commenced to ply between the two ports. We regret to state that the blacks in the outlying districts of the new colony have committed various murderous outrages of late. In one instance, a settler (Mr. Wills), who recently left Victoria, was murdered, with all his servants then at the head station. Nineteen persons in all men, women, and children - were massacred without provocation, and, so unexpected was the attack, almost without resistance. The White Star ship Prince of the Seas was totally destroyed by fire in Hobson's Bay a few nights ago. How it originated is unknown. The ship had discharged her inward cargo, with the exception of about a hundred tons of iron. Very good observations were made of the transit of Mercury on the 12th inst., for about an hour and a quarter of its course over the sun ; after that time the clouds were too continuous and heavy to permit more than an occasional and very obscure sight. The first contact of the planet with the sun was observed at a station about a mile eastward of Williamstown. Three spots on tho sun, which have for some time been visible, afforded good points of comparison in size and colour. The inner and deeper opening of one of these spots is very dark. Until the transit of Mercury afforded a comparison, it might have been judged quite black, but the comparison thus afforded showed it to be very distinctly lighter than the intense and absolute blackness of the dark side of the planet as it passed in front of the sun. To the eye, unas sisted by a micrometer or other means of measurement, the disc of the planet was much less than half the area of the spot already referred to, and but little greater in area than the dark opening in the midst of it. The Illustrated Australian Mail is the title of a new monthly publication, the first number of which was issued a few days ago from Punch office. The frontispiece is a view of Melbourne from the Yarra, above Prince's Bridge. The illustrations are mainly connected with the story of the Exploring Expedition. They are somewhat rough, but they are executed by a new process invented in the colony, and although faulty in the working, they will, when printed with an ink specially adapted to their surface (which is a metallic one), form very effective illustrations. From New Zealand there is no news of a definite character. Sir George Grey, it is reported, has taken measures for the sup- pression of the native king movement. The Taranaki Herald, of 15th October, says a letter has been sent from W. Kingi to the chief holding Puketakauere for the Government, directing him to quit it, and intimating that if he did not force would be used. The commander of the troops at Taranaki has issued a notice that, pending negotiations for the settlement of the difficulties with the natives, no Europeans but those authorized are to hold communication with natives known to be inimical to Her Majesty's Government, and requesting that no Europeans will visit particular native settlements. There is much speculation as to the cause of this notice, which is supposed to arise from the reported in tention of settlers to interpose with arms to get back their property. General accounts of the northern natives serve to show their wish to stand aloof from the contest, yet not to give up their dream of independent nationality. It is sup- posed Sir George Grey will try the Cape plan - a division of the colony into districts, with Euro pean commissioners and officers and councils of chiefs, with subordinate native officials - all paid. The September mail from England was delivered in Melbourne seven days late. The detention mainly arose in Egypt, but the Salsette's, voyage from King George's Sound to Melbourne and Sydney was unusually protracted. MINISTERIAL POLICY. Tho policy of the new Ministry has been dis- closed to the country during the last week - by the Chief Secretary at Kilmore, and by the other members of the Government in their election addresses. The most prominent item in the Ministerial programme is the proposed treatment of the land question. It is intended to appropriate for actual settlement all the land in the colony best suited for agricultural purposes, amounting to upwards of 10,000 000 acres. This will be sub- divided into allotments, varying in size from 40 to 640 acres, which will be open for selection to the first comer, at £1 per acre ; and in the event of two or more persons applying for the same block of land, and doubt arising as to the first applicant, the question of priority will be deter mined by lot. For the benefit of those who are unable to pay for the whole of their land at once, the Government contemplate the adoption of a scheme of deferred payments, by which a man, anxious to acquire possession, say, of a forty acre block, on paying down £20 will be put in posses sion of one half and receive a title for it, and be enabled to become the owner of the other half in eight years, the payment of the remaining £20 being spread over that period, the annual contri bution being £2 10s., or 2s. 6d. per acre. The revenue derived from this source the Govern ment propose appropriating in the following man ner :- One third to the cost of survey, one third to local improvements, and one third to immigra tion, the land purchaser having the right to nominate those persons whom he may desire to have brought out from the mother country. With regard to the occupation licence system initiated by the late President of the Board of Land and Works, the new Government, while convinced of its illegality, are anxious, as a matter of public faith, that the licences already issued should be recognised. Accordingly, they contemplate converting the holdings granted or applied for, if the occupation licence regula tions have been complied with into freeholds, taking the sum already paid in licence fee as so much on account of the purchase money, and allowing the same liberal terms for the payment of the balance as will be allowed to those who acquire their land by selection. The whole of these points will be embodied in an amended Land Bill, which will be brought forward immediately on the re-assembling of Par liament, and which Ministers expect to be able to carry through both Houses without any difficulty. Mr O'Shannasy anticipates that of the land in the colony adapted for agricultural purposes, 4,000,000 acres will be surveyed by the end of 1862 ; that, taking the average size of the new farms to be 160 acres, the operation of the new law would be to put 62 500 additional farmers on the land, and that, assuming that five will be the average number of persons to be occupied on each farm, an increase in the population of up wards of 300,000 may be expected in the course of the next eight or ten years, being at the rate of something like 30,000 per year. The Government propose to grant annual licences to the pastoral tenants of the Crown, under arrangements sanctioned by Parliament, and to lay claim to the annexation to the colony of the territory lying between the River Murray and the Gulf of Carpentaria, explored by Burke and Wills, and estimated at 100,000,000 acres. Although a free-trade Ministry, they are anxious to re-adjust, with the view to equalize, the burthens of taxation, and they therefore desire so to distribute any new taxation which may be required that it may not bear heavily on the humbler classes, fetter commerce, or interfere with the progress of any new trade. They are likewise disposed to subsidize new manufacturing enterprises for a few years, provided that a commission of practical men to be appointed to inquire into the matter, report favourably as to the probable effect of such an experiment. Among the other measures included in the Government scheme are a bill to place the expenditure for roads and bridges and public works under local control, a Civil Service bill, for securing every economy in the public departments, but on a well defined system, framed with due regard to the requirements both of the state and the employees, and a bill to promote colonial dis filiation. These, and a few matters of minor importance, will form abundant business for the session. THE VICTORIAN EXPLORING EXPEDITION. THE CONTINENT CROSSED. DEATH OF BURKE, WILLS, AND GRAY. The Searching Expeditton, headed by Mr. Howitt, has accomplished its mission, and the fate of Burke and his companions has been ascer tained. The story, as told in the narrative of the survivor, is a melancholy one, and there are circumstances in connexion with it that invest it with a double sorrow. Of the four explorers - Burke, Wills, Gray, and King - who, led by Burke, left Coopers Creek in December last for the Gulf of Carpentaria, the last named alone survives. Gray first succumbed to the fatigues and privations of the journey, and Wills and Burke died almost simultaneously at Cooper's Creek in June last. But while we lament the untimely fate of these gallant men, one source of pride remains. They were the first to cross the continent from sea to sea. They accomplished the mission with which they were entrusted. They have given their lives to the cause of Vic torian exploration, but their names will never be forgotten. The narrative of King, the survivor of the party, the despatches and diary of Burke, and the field notes and charts of the route made by Wills, form a complete history of the progress of the expedition, from its departure from Cooper's Creek till the relief of King in the same neighbourhood in September last. From these we learn that after the unsuccessful attempt made by Wills, in November and Decem ber last, to find water in a line direct north from Cooper's Creek, the party struck out for Eyre's Creek. The original intention was to penetrate northwards in about 141deg. E. long., but the character of the country around Eyre's Creek forced Burke to abandon this idea, and Sturt's course was followed until his "furthest point,' in about 24deg. S. lat. and 138deg. E. long" was attained. Here the country seems again to have been found unfavourable, and the party headed direct east to the meridian of 110deg. There they found a well grassed and watered country, through which they passed rapidly and almost in a straight line, until they reached the 21st parallel of latitude, when the track again diverged to the east. But this channelled the Expedition again into favourable travelling ground, and making for the Albert River, a main branch of the stream was reached early in February, and on the 12th of that month Burke and his com panions were encamped on the Albert within the influence of the tide of the Gulf of Carpentaria, in lat. 17deg. 53min. The great object of the Expedition, therefore, had been attained. The waters of the northern coast had been reached. A practicable route from the southern to the northern shores of the Australian continent had been discovered, and the explorers had found that though an almost waterless desert stretched between Cooper's Creek and the 24deg. of lat., from that parallel to the shores of the Gulf the country was well grassed and watered, the diary and notes recording the existence of many fine rivers, which the party crossed. But with the attainment of their great object, the more serious hardships and misfortunes of the party began. The store of provisions they carried from Cooper's Creek was limited and their calculations were based on a return to that creek in March, where they would find, if not Wright's party with the stores of the Expedition, the depot party under Brahe, with the fresh camels and horses left under its charge. The outward journey had been made, it appears, at the rate of sixteen or seventeen miles per day , and to reach Cooper's Creek before the scanty supplies of the party were entirely exhausted, equal speed on the return journey was necessary. Three days only were spent on the Albert River, and having left tokens of their presence, Burke turned back, following the same track as during his advance. But the provisions rapidly ran out, and both camels and horses began to break down. Before long the party were compelled to journey on foot. Their last horse was killed for food. Next camels were sacrificed in succession for the same purpose. At this period of the journey, Gray's strength gave way - he rapidly sank, and died. The others struggled on but the indis tinctness with which the return track is marked shows that both Burke and Wills were now be coming greatly reduced. It is not ascertained, for instance, whether "Sturt's farthest' was revisited, or whether the desert was crossed on the same meridian of longitude as that on which the remainder of the journey was made. While Burke and his two companions were thus slowly making their way to Cooper's Creek, in full and hopeful reliance on obtaining succour there from the party of Wright or Brahe, the first of these, as our readers will recollect, had broken down by the way, and the second was pre paring for a return to Menindie. On the 21st of April, about mid-day, Brahe and his three com panions, having secreted a small supply of pro visions, set out for Menindie, with six camels and twelve horses. On the same evening Burke arrived at the depot and found from the memo randum left by Brahe that he had departed some seven and a half hours before. When the latter left the creek, as it turns out, Burke was within fourteen miles of the camp. It is painful to reflect on the unhappy chance that thus drew the depot party from their post, and as matters have turned out, proved fatal to Burke and Wills. The latter, in the last memorandum he was able to write (May 30), accuses the party of having left "contrary to instructions." This Brahe denies. We can only now regret that accident had not delayed his departure for a day, and that some good angel had not inspired Burke to follow at once the traces of the retreating party. Had he done so, as it happened, he must have overtaken them at Wright's Creek or have been discovered by Wright and Brahe when they returned to Cooper's Creek in the month of May, and found, as they believed, the depot of provisions untouched. Burke, however, was too exhausted to continue what he must have believed to be a hopeless journey to Menindie, 400 miles distant, and despaired of overtaking on foot men mounted on fresh horses. He endeavoured to reach the settled districts of South Australia, but was twice driven back by want of water, and of his remaining camels, one was lost, and the other was killed for food when dying. While Burke, Wills, and King were situated thus helplessly on the lower part of the creek, without horses or camels, and too weak to walk, and endeavouring to sustain life by making bread of a species of lintel used by the natives, Wright and Brabe were at the depot camp for the express purpose of taking a last look for Burke, and they returned to their party without having discovered that those for whom they were seeking were actually on the same sheet of water, and within two hours' ride. While preparations were being made in Melbourne to send out searching parties, Burke and Wills were slowly perishing. Their last hope, as their strength became exhausted, was to shelter them- selves with the blacks. There is something very touching in the devotion of the party to each other at this period of their sufferings, and the abnegation of self which the records show. Manly and heroic from the beginning, those qualities shone out brightly at the last. And the end was rapidly approaching. Wills sank first, and leaving him in a hut, with native bread, water, and firewood sufficient to last him for eight days, Burke and King set out in search of the blacks. But Burke's strength soon gave way. Ere long King was companionless, and, returning to the hut, he found that Wills, too, had given his soul to God. King, then fol- lowed up the traces of the natives, by whom he was well received and kindly treated, and amongst whom he was discovered in a very re- duced state of health by Howitt's party, on the 15th of September. THE DISCOVERY OF KING AND THE BODIES. The preceding narrative embraces the whole story contained in the statement of King, the survivor, and the fragmentary documents - mere notes, from which an account was afterwards to be written - left by Burke and Wills. But the details which follow will enable our home readers the better to appreciate the sacrifice and suffer ings the gallant bearing, and the untimely fate of the lost explorers. Mr Howitt's despatch, announcing the discovery of King was forwarded from Poria Greek (lat 28deg. 44min., long. 142deg. 12min.), where he was encamped on his return journey from Cooper's Creek, and thus describes the finding the traces of the lost party, and the recovery of King :- "Sept. 15. Lat .27deg. 44min., long 140deg. 40min. - On leaving this morning I went ahead with Sandy, to try and pick up Mr. Burke's track. I then sent the black boy to follow the creek and struck across some sandy country in a bend on the north side. No tracks here; and coming on a native path leading my way, I followed it .In about four miles this led me to the lower end of a very large reach of water, and on the opposite side were numbers of native wurleys. I crossed at a neck of sand, and at a little distance again came on the track of a camel going up the creek ; at the same time I found a native, who began to gesticulate in a very excited manner, and to point down the creek, bawling out, 'Gow, gow' (go on, go on) as loud as he could. When I went towards him he ran away, and, finding it impossible to get him to come to me, I turned back to follow a camel track and to look after my party. The track was visible in sandy places, and was evidently the same I had seen for the last two days. I also found horse tracks in places, but very old. Crossing the creek, I cut our track, and rode after the party. In doing so I came upon three pounds of tobacco, which had lain where I saw it for some time. This, together with a knife handle, fresh horse tracks, and the camel track going eastward, puzzled me extremely, and led me into a hundred conjectures. At the lower end of the large reach of water before mentioned I met Sandy and Frank looking for me, with the intelligence that King, the only survivor of Mr. Burke's party, had been found. A little further on I found the party halted, and immediately went across to the blacks' wurleys, where I found King sitting in a hut which the natives had made for him. He presented a melancholy appearance \- wasted to a shadow, and hardly to be distinguished as a civilized being but by the remnants of clothes upon him. He seemed exceedingly weak, and I found it occasionally difficult to fol- low what he said. The natives were all gathered round, seated on the ground, looking with a most gratified and delighted expression. "Sept 18. Left camp this morning with Messrs. Brahe, Welsh, Wheeler and King, to perform a melancholy duty, which has weighed on my mind ever since we have camped here, and which I have only put off until King should be well enough to accompany us. We proceeded down the creek for seven miles, crossing a branch running to the southward, and followed a native track leading to that part of the creek where Mr. Bueke, Mr. Wills, and King encamped after their unsuccessful attempt to reach Mount Hope- less and the northern settlements of South Aus trlia, and where poor Wills died. We found the two gunyahs, situated on a sandbank between two waterholes, and about a mile from the flat where they procured the nardoo seed, on which they managed to exist so long. Poor Wills's remains we found lying in the wurley in which he died, and where King, after his return from seeking for the natives, had buried him with sand and rushes. We carefully collected the re- mains and interred them where they lay ; and, not having a prayer-book, I read chap. v of 1 Cor., that we might at least feel a melancholy satisfaction in having shown the last respect to his remains. We heaped sand over the grave, and laid branches upon it, that the natives might understand by their own tokens not to disturb the last repose of a follow being. I cut the following inscription on a tree close by, to mark the spot :- W. J. WILLS, XLV. YDS. W. N. W. A. H. The field books, a note book belonging to Mr. Burke, various small articles lying about, of no value in themselves, but now invested with a deep interest, from the circumstances connected with them, and some of the nardoo seed on which they had subsisted, with the small wooden trough in which it had been cleaned, I have now in my possession. "Sept 21. - Finding that it would not be prudent for King to go out for two or three days, I could no longer defer making a search for the spot where Mr. Burke died, and with such directions as King could give, I went up the creek this morning with Messrs. Brahe, Welsh, Wheeler, and Aitkin. We searched the creek upwards for eight miles, and at length, strange to say, found the remains of Mr. Burke lying among tall plants under a clump of box- trees, within 200 yards of our last camp, and not thirty paces from our track. It was still more extraordinary that three or four of the party and the two black boys had been close to the spot without noticing it. The bones were entire, with the exception of the hands and feet, and the body had been removed from the spot where it first lay, and where the natives had placed branches over it to about five paces distance. I found the revolver which Mr. Burke held in his hand when he expired partly covered with leaves and earth, and corroded with rust. It was loaded and capped. We dug a grave close to the spot, and interred the remains wrapped in the union jack - the most fitting covering in which the bones of a brave but un- fortunate man could take their last rest. On a box tree, at the head of the grave, the following inscription is cut -: R.O'H B. 21 9 61 A. H. These melancholy duties performed, and the natives having been well rewarded for their kindness to King [more presents are to be sent to them]. Mr. Howitt set out on his return. The follonwng is KING'S NARRATIVE Mr. Burke, Mr. Wills, and I, reached the depot at Cooper's Creek on April 21st, about half-past seven in the evening, with two camels \- all that remained of the six Mr. Burke took with him. All the provisions we then had con- sisted of a pound and a half of dried meat. We found that the party had gone the same day, and looking about for any mark they might have left, found the tree with DIG, April 21. Mr. Wills said the party had left for the Darling. We dug, and found the plant of stores. Mr. Burke took the papers out of the bottle, and then asked each of us whether we were able to proceed up the creek in pursuit of the party. We said not ; and he then said that he thought it his duty to ask us, but that he himself was unable to do so, but that he had decided upon trying to make Mount Hopeless as he had been assured by the committee in Melbourne that there was a cattle station within 150 miles of Cooper's Creek. Mr. Wills was not inclined to follow this plan, but wished to go down our old track, but at last gave in to Mr. Burke's wishes. I also wished to go down by our old track. We remained four or five days to recruit, making preparations to go down the creek by stages of four to five miles a day, and Mr. Burke placed a paper in the plant stating what were our plans. Tra- velling down the creek, we got some fish from the natives and, some distance down, one of the camels (Linda) got bogged, and although we remained there that day and part of the next trying to dig him out, we found our strength insufficient to do so. The evening of the second day we shot him as he lay, and, having cut off as much meat as we could, we lived on it while we stayed to dry the remainder. Throwing all the least necessary things away, we made one load for the remaining camel (Rajah), and each of us earned a swag of about 25lb. We were then tracing down the branches of the creek running S., but found that they ran out into earthy plains. We had understood that the creek along Gregory's track was continuous ; and finding that all these creeks ran out into plains. Mr. Burke returned, our camel being completely knocked up. We then intended to give the camel a spell for a few days, and to make a new attempt, to push on forty or fifty miles to the south, in the hope of striking the creek. During the time that the camel was being rested, Mr. Burke and Mr. Wills went in search of the na- tives, to endeavour to find out how the nardoo grew. Having found their camp, they obtained as much nardoo cake and fish as they could eat, but could not explain that they wished to be shown how to find the seed themselves. They returned on the third day, bringing some fish and nardoo cake with them. On the follow- ing day, the camel Rajah seemed very ill, and I told Mr. Burke I thought he could not linger out more than four days ; and as on the same evening the poor brute was on the point of dying, Mr. Burke ordered him to be shot. I did so, and we cut him up with two broken knives and a lancet. We cured the meat, and planted it; and Mr. Burke then made another attempt to find the nardoo, taking me with him. We went down the creek, expecting to find the natives at the camp where they had been last seen, but found that they had left ; and not knowing whether they had gone up or down the creek, we slept in their gunyahs that night, and on the following morn- ing returned to Mr. Wills. The next day Mr. Burke and I started up the creek, but could see nothing of them, and were three days away, when we returned, and remained three days in our camp with Mr. Wills. We then made a plant of all the articles we could not carry with us, leaving 5lb. of rice and a quantity of meat, and then followed up the creek to where there were some good native huts. We remained at that place a few days, and finding that our pro visions were beginning to run short, Mr. Burke said that we ought to do something, and that if we did not find the nardoo we should starve, and that he intended to save a little dried meat and rice to carry us to Mount Hopeless. The three of us then came to the conclusion that it would be better to make a second attempt to reach Mount Hopeless, as we were then as strong as we were likely to be, our daily allow- ance being then reduced. Mr. Burke asked each of us whether we were willing to make another attempt to reach the South Australian settle- ments, and we decided on going. We took with us what remained of the provisions we had planted - two and a-half pounds of oatmeal, a small quantity of flour, and the dried meat - this, with powder and shot, and other small articles, made up our swags to 30lb. each, and Mr. Burke carried one billy of water, and I another. We had not gone far before we came on a flat, where I saw a plant growing which I took to be clover, and, on looking closer, saw the seed, and called out that I had found the nardoo. They were very glad when I found it. We travelled three days, and struck a watercourse coming south from Cooper's Creek. We traced this, as it branched out and reformed on the plains, until we at last lost it in flat country. Sandhills were in front of us, for which we made, and travelled all day, but found no water. We were all greatly fatigued, as our rations now consisted of only one small johnny cake and three sticks of dried meat daily. We camped that evening about four o'clock, intending to push next day until two o'clock p.m., and then, should we not find water, to return. We travelled and found no water, and the three of us sat down and rested for an hour, and then turned back. We all felt satisfied that, had there been a few days' rain, we could have got through. We were then, according to Mr. Wills's calculation, forty-five miles from the creek. We travelled on the day we turned back very late, and the following evening reached the nearest water at the creek. We gathered some nardoo, and boiled the seeds, as we were unable to pound them. The following day we reached the main creek; and knowing where there was a fine water-hole and native gunyahs, we went there, intending to save what remained of our flour and dried meat for the purpose of making another attempt to reach Mount Hopeless. On the following day Mr. Wills and I went out to gather nardoo, of which we obtained a supply suf- ficient for three days; and finding a pounding stone at the gunyahs, Mr. Burke and I pounded the seed, which was such slow work that we were compelled to use half flour and half nardoo. Mr. Burke and Mr. Wills then went down the creek for the remainder of the dried meat which we had planted, and we had now all our things with us, gathering nordoo, and living the best way we could. Mr. Burke requested Mr. Wills to go up the creek as far as the depot, and to place a note in the plant there, stating that we were then living on the creek, the former note having stated that we were on our road to South Aus- tralia. He also was to bury there the field-books of the journey to the Gulf. Before starting he got 3lb. of flour and 4lb. of pounded nardoo, and about a pound of meat, as he expected to be absent about eight days. During his absence, I gathered nardoo and pounded it, as Mr. Burke wished to lay in a supply in case of rain. A few days after Mr. Wills left, some natives came down the creek to fish at some water holes near our camp. They were very civil to us at first, and offered us some fish ; on the second day they came again to fish, and Mr. Burke took down two bags, which they filled for him ; on the third day they gave us one bag of fish, and after- wards all came to our camp. We used to keep our ammunition and other articles in one gun- yah, and all three of us live together in another. One of the natives took an oilcloth out of this gunyah, and Mr. Burke seeing him run away with it, followed him with his revolver, and fired over his head, and upon this the native dropped the oilcloth. While he was away the other black invited me away to a waterhole to eat fish ; but I declined to do so, as Mr. Burke was away, and a number of natives were about who would have taken all our things. When I refused, one took his boomerang and laid it over my shoulder, and then told me by signs that if I called out for Mr. Burke, as I was doing, that he would strike me. Upon this I got them all in front of the gunyah and fired a revolver over their heads, but they did not seem at all afraid, until I got out the gun, when they all ran away. Mr. Burke, hearing the report, came back, and we saw no more of them until late that night, when they came with some cooked fish, and called out " white fellow." Mr. Burke then went out with his revolver, and found a whole tribe coming down, all painted, and with fish in small nets carried by two men. Mr. Burke went to meet them, and they wished to surround him, but he knocked as many of the nets of fish out of their hands as he could, and shouted out to me to fire. I did so, and they ran off. He collected five small nets of cooked fish. The reason he would not accept the fish from them was, that he was afraid of being too friendly lest they should be always at our camp. We then lived on fish until Mr. Wills returned. He told us that he had met the natives soon after leaving us, and that they were very kind to him, and had given him plenty to eat, both on going up and returning. He seemed to consider that he should have very little difficulty in living with them, and as their camp was close to ours he returned to them the same day, and found them very hospitable and friendly, keeping him with them two days. They then made signs to him to be off. He came to us and narrated what had happened, but went back to them the following day; when the gave him his breakfast, but made signs for him to go away. He pretended not to understand them, and would not go, upon which they made signs that they were going up the creek, and that he had better go down. They packed up, and left the camp, giving Mr. Wills a little nar doo to take to us. During his absence, while Mr. Burke was cooking some fish, during a strong wind, the flames caught the gunyah, and burnt so rapidly that we were unable, not only to put it out, but to save any of our things, excepting one revolver and a gun. Mr. Wills being returned, it was de- cided to go up the creek and live with the natives, if possible, as Mr. Wills thought we should have but little difficulty in obtaining pro visions from them if we camped on the opposite side of the creek to them. He said he knew where they were gone, so we packed up and started. Coming to the gunyahs, where we ex- pected to have found them, we were disappointed, and seeing a nardoo field close by, halted, in- tending to make it our camp. For some time we were employed gathering nardoo, and laying up a supply. Mr. Wills and I used to collect and carry home a bag each day, and Mr. Burke generally pounded sufficient for our dinner during our absence, but Mr. Wills found himself getting very weak, and was shortly unable to go out to gather nardoo as before, nor even strong enough to pound it, so that in a few days he became almost helpless. I still continued gathering; and Mr. Burke now also began to feel very weak, and said he could be of very little use in pounding. I had now to gather and pound for all three of us. I continued to do this for a few days, but finding my strength rapidly failing, my legs being very weak and painful, I was unable to go out for several days, and we were compelled to consume six days' stock which. we had laid by. Mr. Burke now proposed that I should gather as much as possible in three days, and that with this supply we should go in search, of tho natives - a plan which had been urged upon us by Mr. Wills as the only chance of saving him and ourselves as well, as he clearly saw that I was no longer able to collect sufficient for our wants. Having collected the seed as pro- posed, and having pounded sufficient to last Mr. Wills for eight days, and two days for ourselves, we planted water and firewood within his reach, and departed. Before leaving him, however, Mr. Burke asked him whether he still wished it, as under no other circumstances would he leave him ; and Mr. Wills again said that he looked on it as our only chance. He then gave Mr. Burke a letter and his watch for his father, and we buried the remainder of the field-books near the gunya. Mr. Wills said that, in case of my sur viving Mr. Burke, he hoped that I would carry out his last wishes, in giving the watch and letter to his father. In travelling the first day, Mr. Burke seemed very week, and complained of great pain in his legs and back. On the second day he seemed to be better, and said that he thought he was getting stronger, but, on starting, did not go two miles before he said he could go no further. I persisted in his trying to go on, and managed to get him along several times, until I saw that he was almost knocked up, when he said he could not carry his swag, and threw all he had away. I also reduced mine, taking nothing but a gun and some powder and shot, and a small pouch and some matches. On starting again, we did not go far before Mr. Burke said we should halt for the night, but, as the place was close to a large sheet of water, and exposed to the wind, I prevailed on him to go a little further, to the next reach ot water, where we camped. We searched about, and found a few small patches of nardoo, which I collected and pounded, and, with a crow which I shot, made a good evening's meal. From the time we halted Mr. Burke seemed to be getting worse, although he ate his supper. He said he felt convinced he could not last many hours, and gave me his watch, which he said belonged to the committee, and a pocketbook, to give to Sir William Stawell, and in which he wrote some notes. He then said to me, " I hope you will remain with me here till I am quite dead - it is a comfort to know that some one is by ; but when I am dying, it is my wish that you should place the pistol in my right hand, and that you leave me unburied as as I lie." That night he spoke very little, and the following morning I found him speechless, or nearly so ; and about eight o'clock he expired. I remained a few hours there, but as I saw there was no use in remaining longer, I went up the creek in search of the natives. I felt very lonely, and at night usually slept in deserted wurleys belonging to the natives. Two days after leaving the spot where Mr. Burke died I found some gunyahs, where the natives had deposited a bag of nardoo, sufficient to last me a fortnight, and three bundles containing various articles. I also shot a crow that evening, but was in great dread that the natives would come and deprive me of the nardoo. I remained there two days, to recover my strength, and then returned to Mr. Wills. I took back three crows, but found him lying dead in his gunyah, and the natives had been there and had taken away some of his clothes. I buried the corpse with and, and remained there some days ; but finding that my stock of nardoo was running short, and being unable to gather it, I tracked the natives who had been to the camp by their footprints in the sand, and went some dis tance down the creek, shooting crows and hawks on the road. The natives, hearing the report of the gun, came to meet me, and took me with them to their camp, giving me nardoo and fish. They took the birds I had shot and cooked them for me, and afterwards showed me a gunyah, where I was to sleep with three of the single men. The following morning they commenced talking to me, and putting one finger on the ground, and covering it with sand, at the same time pointing up the creek, saying, " Whitefellow," which I understood to mean that one white man was dead. From this I knew that they were the tribe who had taken Mr. Wills' clothes. They then asked me where the third while man was, and I also made the sign of putting two fingers on the ground and covering them with sand, at the same time pointing up the creek. They appeared to feel great com passion for me when they understood that I was alone on the creek, and gave me plenty to eat. After being four days with them, I saw that they were becoming tired of me, and they made signs that they were going up the creek, and that I had better go downwards ; but I pretended not to understand them. The same day they shifted camp, and I followed them, and, on reaching their camp, I shot some crows, which pleased them so much that they made me a breakwind in the centre of their camp, and came and sat round me until such time as the crows were cooked, when they assisted me to eat them. The same day, one of the women, to whom I had given part of a crow, came and gave me a ball of nardoo, saying that she would give me more only she had such a sore arm that she was unable to pound. She showed me a sore on her arm, and the thought struck me that I would boil some water in the billy and wash her arm with a sponge. During the operation the whole tribe sat round, and were muttering one to another. Her husband sat down by her side, and she was crying all the time. After I had washed it I touched it with some nitrate of silver, when she begun to yell and ran off, crying out, ' Mokow ! mollow !" (Fire fire!). From this time she and her husband used to give me a small quantity of nardoo both night and morning, and when- ever the tribe were about going on a fishing excursion, he used to give me notice to go with them. They also used to assist me in making a gourley, or breakwind, whenever they shifted camp. I generally shot a crow, or a hawk, and gave it to them in return for these little services. Every four or five days the tribe would surround me, and ask whether I intended going up or down the creek ; at last I made them understand that if they went up I should go up the creek, and if they went down I should also go down, and from this time they seemed to look upon me as one of themselves, and supplied me with fish and nardoo regularly. They were very anxious, however, to know where Mr. Burke lay, and one day when we were fishing in the waterholes close by I took them to the spot. On seeing his remains the whole party wept bitterly, and covered them with bushes. After this they were much kinder to me than before ; and I always told them that the white men would be here before two moons ; and in the evenings, when they came with nardoo and fish, they used to talk about the " whitefellows ' coming, at the same time pointing to the moon. I als0 told them they would receive many pre sants, and they constantly asked me for toma- hawks, called by them "Bomayko." From this time to when the relief party arrived - a period of about a month - they treated me with uniform kindness and looked upon me as one of them selves. The day on which I was released, one of the tribe who had been fishing came and told me that the whitefellows were coming, and the whole of the tribe who were then in camp sallied out in every direction to meet the party, while the man who had brought the news took me across the creek, where I shortly saw the party coming down. BURKE'S LAST DESPATCH. The following is the last despatch written by Mr. Burke. It was found among the papers deposited on Cooper's Creek :- Depot No. 2, Cooper's Creek, Camp 65. - The return party from Carpentaria, consisting of myself, Wills, and King (Gray dead), arrived here last night, and found that the depot party had only started on the same day. We proceed on to-morrow slowly down the creek towards Adelaide by Mount Hopeless, and shall endeavour to follow Gregory's track; but we are very weak. The two camels are done up, and we shall not be able to travel faster than four or five miles a day. Gray died on the road, from exhaustion and fatigue. We have all suffered much from hunger. The provisions left here will, I think, restore our strength. We have discovered a practicable route to Carpen taria, the chief portion of which lies on the 140th deg. of E. longitude. There is some good country between this and the Stony Desert. From there to the tropics the country is dry and stony. Between the tropics and Carpentaria a considerable portion is rangy, but it is well watered and richly grassed. We reached the shores of Carpentaria on February 11, 1861. Greatly disappointed at finding the party here gone. (Signed) ROBERT O'HARA BURKE, Leader. April 22, 1861. P.S. The camels cannot travel, and we cannot walk, or we should follow the other party. We shall move very slowly down the creek. WILLS'S LAST STATEMENT. The memorandum left by Mr. Wills in the cache at the depot was as follows :- May 30, 1861. We have been unable to leave the creek. Both camels are dead, and our provisions are done. Mr. Burke and King are down on the lower part of the creek. I am about to return to them, when we shall all probably come up this way. We are trying to live the best way we can, like the blacks, but find it hard work. Our clothes are going to pieces fast. Send provisions and clothes as soon as possible. (Signed) WILLIAM J. WILLS. The depot party having left contrary to in- structions, has put us in this fix. I have de- posited some of my journals here, for fear of accidents. (Signed) W. J. W. THE INTERIOR OF AUSTRALIA. The following notes from the memoranda left by Mr. Burke and Mr. Wills (more especially the latter) convey information as to the charac- ter of the country through which the explorers passed. The party left the depot on Cooper's Creek on the 16th December, and for four days followed the creek, striking towards Eyre's Creek on the 20th. On that day they found a creek, near which a great many natives were encamped. Burke says, "They presented us with fish, and offered their women. Wills adds, "They came pestering us to go to their camp and have a dance, which we declined. They were very troublesome, and nothing but the threat to shoot them will keep them away. They are, however, easily frightened, and, although fine-looking men, decidedly not of a warlike disposition. They show the greatest inclination to take whatever they can, but will run no unnecessary risk in so doing. They seldom carry any weapons, except a shield and a large kind of boomerang, which I believe they use for killing rats, &c.; ; sometimes, but very seldom, they have a large spear. Reed spears seem to be quite unknown to them. They are undoubtedly a finer and better looking race of men than the blacks on the Murray and Darling, and more peaceful. "Dec. 21st. - Made another creek, Splendid water, fine feed for the camels ; would be a very good place for a station. Since we have left Cooper's Creek we have travelled over a fine sheep-grazing country, well watered, and in every respect well suited for occupation. In most places the temperature of the water was almost incredibly high, which induced me to try it in several places. The mean of two on the shady side of the creek gave 97.4deg. As may be imagined, this water tasted disagreeably warm. At half-past six, when a strong wind was blowing from south, and temperature of air had fallen to 80deg., the lowest temperature of water in the hose, that had been exposed to the full effect of evaporation for several hours, was 72deg. This water for drinking appeared positively cold - too low a temperature to be pleasant under the circum stances. There was a large camp of not less than forty or fifty blacks near where we stopped. They brought us presents of fish, for which we gave them some beads and matches. These fish we found to be a most valuable addition to our rations. They were of the same kind as we had found elsewhere, but finer, being nine to ten inches long, and two to three inches deep, and in such good condition that they might have been fried in their own fat. "Saturday, Dec 22. - At five a.m. we left one of the most delightful camps we have had in the journey, and proceeded N.W. by N . across some high ridges of loose sand, many of which were partially clothed with porcupine grass. The ridges were exceedingly abrupt and steep on their eastern side, and although sloping gradually towards the west, were so honeycombed in some places by the burrows of rats, that the camels were continually in danger of falling. At a distance of about six miles we descended from these ridges to undulating country of open box forest, where everything was green and fresh. There is an abundance of glass and salt bushes, and lots of birds of all descriptions. Several flocks of pigeons passed over our heads. Beyond the box forest, which kept away to the right, we again entered the sand ridges, and at a distance of six miles passed close to a dry salt lagoon, the ridges in the vicinity of which contain nodules of limestone. The ground in the flats and clay pans near has that encrusted surface that cracks under the pressure of the foot, and is a sure indication of the presence of saline deposits. At a distance of eight miles from the lagoon, we camped at the foot of a sand ridge, jutting out on the Stony Desert. I was rather disappointed, but not altogether surprised, to find the latter nothing more nor less than the stony rises that we had before met with, only on a larger scale, and not quite so undulating. " Sunday, Dec. 23. - At five a.m. we struck out across the desert in a W.N.W. direction. We found the ground not nearly so bad for travelling on as that between Bulloo and Cooper's Creek ; in fact, I do not know whether it arose from our exaggerated anticipation of horrors or not, but we thought it far from bad travelling ground ; and as to pasture, it is only the actually stony ground that is bare, and many a sheep run is, in fact, worse grazing than that. At fifteen miles we crossed another sand ridge, for several miles around which there is plenty of grass and fine saltbush. After crossing this ridge, we descended to an earthy plain, where the ground was rather heavy, being in some places like pieces of slaked lime, and intersected by small water courses. Flocks of pigeons rose from amongst the salt bushes and polygonum, but all the creeks were dry, although marked by lines of box timber. Several gunyahs of the blacks were situated near a water hole that had apparently contained water very lately, and heaps of grass were lying about the plains, from which they had beaten the seeds. " Monday, Dec. 24. - We took a day of rest on Gray's Creek to celebrate Christmas. This was doubly pleasant, as we had never in our most sanguine moments anticipated finding such a delightful oasis in the desert. Our camp was really an agreeable place. Sunday, Jan. 6. - Started at twenty minutes to six o'clock. As we proceeded up the creek in a northerly direction we found the waterhole to diminish in size very much, and at about two and a-half miles the creek ran out in a lot of small water courses. At the upper end of the creek we found in its bed what appeared to be an arrange- ment for catching fish. It consisted of a small oval mud paddock, about twelve feet by eight feet, the sides of which were about nine inches above the bottom of the hole and the top of the fenco, covered with long grass, so arranged that the ends of the blades overhung scantily by seve- ral inches the sides of the hole. As there was no sign of timber to the N. we struck off to N.W. by N. for a fine line of timber that came up from the S.W., and seemed to run parallel with the creek we were about to leave. At a distance of about three miles we reached the bank of a fine creek, and containing a sheet of water two chains broad, at least fifteen feet deep in the middle. The banks are shelving, sandy, and lightly clothed with box trees and various shrubs. Wednesday, Jan. 9. - Started at five minutes past five without water, trusting to get a supply of water from the rain that fell during the thunderstorm. Traversed six miles of undulating plains covered with vegetation richer than ever. Several ducks rose from the little creeks as we passed, and flocks of pigeons were flying in all directions. The richness of the vegetation is evidently not suddenly arising from chance thunderstorms, for the trees and bushes on the open plain are everywhere healthy and fresh-looking ; very few dead ones are to be seen, besides which the quantity of dead and rotten grass which, at present, almost overgrows in some places the young blades, shows that this is not the first crop of the kind. The grasses are numerous, and many of them unknown to me, but they only constitute a moderate portion of the herbage; several kinds of spurious vetches and portulac, as well as salsolaceæ, add to the luxuriance of the vegetation. We disturbed a fine bustard which was feeding in the long grass. We did not see him until he flew up. One flew over our camp last evening, in a northerly direction. This speaks well for the country and climate. At noon we came to a large creek, the course of which was from E.N.E. to W.S. W. The sight of white gum trees in the distance had raised hopes which were not at all damped on a close inspection of the channel. At the point where we struck it, there was certainly no great quantity of water, the bed was broad and sandy, but its whole appearance was that of an important watercourse, and the large gums which line its banks, toge- ther with the improved appearance of the soil, and the abundance of feed in the vicinity, satis- fied us as to the permanency of the water and the value of the discovery. Thursday, Jan. 10. - We left our camp with a full supply of water, determined to risk no reverses, and to make a good march. Last even- ing we had been nearly deafened by the noise of the cicadæ, and but for our large fires should have been kept awake all night by the mosqui- toes. A walk of two miles across a well grassed plain brought us to a belt of timber, and we soon afterwards found ourselves pulled up by a large creek, in which the water was broad and deep. We had to follow up the bank of the creek in a N.E. direction for nearly a mile before we could cross, when to our joy we found that it was flowing, not a muddy stream from the effects of recent floods, but a small rivulet of pure water, as clear as crystal. The bed of the river at this place is deep and rather narrow. The water flows over sand and pebbles, winding its way between clumps of melaleuca and gum saplings. After leaving the river, we kept our old course due north, crossing in a distance of one mile three creeks with gum trees on their banks. The soil of the flats through which they flow is a red loam of fair quality, and well grassed .Beyond the third creek is a large plain, parts of which are very stony, and this is bounded towards the east by a low stony rise, partly composed of decayed and honey-combed quartz rock in situ, and partly of water-worn pebbles and other alluvial deposits. At about two miles across this plain we reached the first of a series of small creeks, with deep water holes. These creeks and holes have the characteristics peculiar to water courses which are found in flats formed from the alluvial deposits of schistose rocks. Friday, Jan. 11. - Started at five a.m., and in the excitement of exploring fine well watered country, forgot all about the eclipse of the sun until the reduced temperature and peculiarly gloomy appearance of the sky drew our attention to the matter. It was then too late to remedy the deficiency, so we made a good day's journey, the moderation of the mid-day heat, which was only about 86deg., greatly assisting us. The country traversed has the most verdant and cheerful aspect, abundance of feed and water everywhere. All the creeks seen to-day have a course more or less to E. by S. The land improves in appear- ance at every mile. A quantity of rain has fallen here and to the south, and some of the flats are suitable for cultivation if the regularity of the seasons will admit. Saturday, Jan. 12. - We started at five a.m., and keeping as nearly as possible a due N. course traversed for about eight miles a splendid flat, through which flow several fine well-watered creeks, lined with white gum trees. We then entered a series of slaty low sandstone ranges, amongst which were some well-grassed flats, and plenty of water in the main gullies. There was a continuous rise perceptible all the way in crossing the ranges, and from the highest portion, which we reached at a distance of about seven miles, we had a pretty good view of the country towards the north. As far as we could see in the distance, and bearing due north, was a large range, having somewhat the outline of a granite mountain .The east end of this range just comes up to the magnetic north, the left of this, and bearing N.N.W., is a single conical peak, the top of which only is visible. Further to the west there were some broken ranges, apparently sandstone ; to the east of north the tops of very distant and apparently higher ranges were seen, the outline of which was so indistinct that I can form no idea as to their character. The intermediate country below us appeared alternations of fine valleys and stony ranges, such as we had just been crossing. "Saturday, Jan. 19. - Passing to the north-west of Mount Forbes, across a fine and well grassed plain, we kept at first a north by east direction. At a distance of three miles the plain became everywhere stony, being scattered over with quartz pebbles ; and a little further on we came to low quartz ranges, the higher portions of which are covered with porcupine grass, but the valleys are well clothed with a variety of coarse and rank herbage. There were blacks not far above where we crossed. After crossing the creek, we took a due north course, over very rugged quartz ranges of an auriferous character. Pieces of iron ore, very rich, were scattered in great numbers over| some of the hills. On our being about to cross one of the branch creeks in the low range, we surprised some blacks - a man, who, with a young fellow apparently his son, was upon a tree cutting out something, and a lubra with a picaninny. The two former did not see me until I was nearly close to them, and then they were dreadfully frightened. Jumping down from the trees, they started off, shouting what sounded to us very like "Joe, Joe." Thus disturbed, the lubra, who was some distance from them, just then caught sight of the camels and the remainder of the party as they came over the hill into the creek, and this tended to hasten their flight over the stones and porcupine grass. On a creek we found the first specimen of a eucalyptus, which has a very different appearance from the members of the gum-tree race. It grows as high as a good sized gum-tree, but with the branches less spreading ; in shape it much resembles the elm ; the foliage is dark, like that of the lightwood ; the trunk and branches are covered with a grey bark, resembling in outward appearance that of the box-tree. We struck off to the north again, and at a short distance came on a fine creek running about S.S.E. We travelled it up for about a mile and a-half, and came to a fine waterhole in a rocky basin, at which there were lots of birds. Sunday, Jan. 27. - 20¼deg. to 19¼deg. - Started at two in the morning. Palm trees are numerous, and some bear an abundance of small round dates (nuts) just ripening. Feb 17. - Lat 19¼deg to 17deg. - Finding the ground in such a state from the heavy falls of rain that the camels could scarcely be got along, it was decided to leave them, and for Mr. Burke and I (Wills) to proceed towards the sea on foot. After breakfast we accordingly started, taking with us the horse and three days' provisions. We continued down the river bank, which bent about from east to west, but kept a general north course. A great deal of the land was so soft and rotten that the horse, with only a saddle and about twenty five pounds on his back, could scarcely walk over it. At a distance of about five miles we again had him bogged in crossing a small creek, after which he seemed so weak that we had great doubts about getting him on. We, however, found some better ground close to the water's edge, where the sandstone rock runs out. Finding that the river was bending about so much, that we were making very little progress in a northerly direction, we struck off due north, and soon came on some table land, where the soil is shallow and gravelly, and clothed with box and swamp gums. Patches of the land were very boggy, but the main portion was sound enough. Beyond this we came on an open plain, covered with water up to one's ankles. The soil here was a stiff clay, and the surface very uneven. After floundering through this for several miles, we came to a path formed by the blacks. By making use of this path we got on much better, for the ground was well trodden and hard. At rather more than a mile the path entered a forest through which flowed a nice water course. The forest was intersected by little pebbly rises and in the sandy ground adjoining some of the natives had been digging yams. We were not so particular, but ate many of those that they had rejected, and found them very good. About half-a-mile further, we came close on a blackfellow, who was coiling by a camp fire, whilst his gin and picaninny were yabbering along side. Just after we stopped, the black got up to stretch his limbs, and after a few seconds looked in our direction. It was very amusing to see the way in which he stared, standing for some time as if he thought he must be dreaming, and then, having signalled to the others, they dropped on their haunches and shuffled off in the quietest manner possible. Near their fire was a fine hut, the best I have ever seen, built on the same principle as those at Cooper's Creek, but much larger and more complete. It is situated at the end of the forest, towards the north, and looks out on an extensive marsh, which is at times flooded by the sea water. Hundreds of wild geese plover, and pelicans, were enjoying themselves in the watercourses on the marsh, all the water on which was too brackish to be drinkable, except some holes that are filled by the stream that flows through the forest. The neighbourhood of this encampment is one of the prettiest we have seen during the journey. Proceeding on our course across the marsh, we came to a channel through which the sea water enters. Here we passed three blacks, who, as is universally their custom pointed out to us, unasked, the best part down. We moved slowly down, about three miles, and then camped for the night. The return journey was now commenced, and from the 5th of March (when Mr. Burke became ill with dysentery and sickness after eating a portion of a large snake) till the last entry in the journal, in June, the growing weakness of the party is clearly traceable. On the 25th March Gray was discovered secretly eating food made of flour he had taken, unknown to the leader, from the small store of the party. Much rain fell, swelling the creeks and freshening the vegetation. Entries similar in character to the following are frequent : - "Some of the flats near the creek contain the richest allu vial soil, and are clothed with luxuriant vega tation. There is an immense extent of plain back, of the finest character for pastoral purposes, and the country bears every appearance of being permanently well watered." We have quoted enough, however, to show that a valuable country has been discovered, while the sufferings and struggles of the party at this stage of their labours are recorded vividly in King's narrative. The following is the last entry in the journal of poor Wills : - Friday, June 26 (sic.) - Clear cold night, slight breeze from the E., day beautifully warm and pleasant. Mr. Burke suffers greatly from the cold, and is getting extremely weak ; he and King start to-morrow up the creek, to look for the blacks - it is the only chance we have of being saved from starvation. I am weaker than ever (sic.), although I have a good appetite, and relish the nardoo much, but it seems to give us no nutriment, and the birds here are so shy as not to be got at. Even (sic.) if we got a good supply of fish, I doubt whether we could do much work on them and the nardoo alone. Nothing (sic.) now but the greatest good luck can save any of us ; and as for myself, I may live four or five days if the weather continues warm. My pulse are at forty-eight, and very weak, and my legs and arms are nearly skin and bone. I can only look out, like Mr. Micawber, " for something to turn up ;" but starvation on nardoo is by no means very unpleasant, but for the weakness one feels, and the utter inability to move oneself, for as far as appetite is concerned, it gives me the greatest satisfaction. Certainly, fat and sugar would be more to one's taste, in fact, those seem to me to be the great stand by for one in this extraordinary continent ; not that I mean to depreciate the farinacious food, but the want of sugar and fat in all substances obtainable here is so great that they become almost valueless to us as articles of food, without the addition of some thing else. - W. J. WILLS. THE GOLD-FIELDS. No sooner has the oxcltemenl about New Zealand quite died away than wo aro threatened with a rush on n largo Baale from this colony iat ) the Kew South Walos territory. Most stimulating accounts have beon received from the Lachlan diggings; butas thesohave come through different channels, and oro in some rcspeots quite'conflbt ing, it is impossible to judge as yet of the im- portance of the new discoveries. Howovor, whan once a rush has fairly commenced miners do not stop to weigh the probabilities of suc- cess, so that numbera are likely to prooaad to satisfy themselves of tho value of the new field, unless the fact of its not boing much more than 200 miles from our northern boundary, and easy to be readied from thero, should render them careless about it for a time. Many havj already started from the Ovens dlstriot, the nearest to it, and where thmgs havo beon vary dull for Borne time past, and if the first account! of most astonishing finds of gold are at »II ' corroborated, we shaU.no doubt witness a greater exodus of miners, and their close, attendants, tho storekeepers and other mia'u ters to their wants ana pleasures, than hu yet boen experienced; The number of people who went to JS'ew Zealand, or rather who have remained there, is greater than'"was ajxnjaotSd . from the charuoter of the diggings in that colouy, and quite sufficient to have a perceptible effoot oa the total yield of gold here, which cannot now come np to that of last yeag although it was lon¿ and fondly believed that it Would. Little atten- tion was, paid to the reduction in the amount brought down by escort as long as tho shipment^ were well maintained : but theso havo now falten; off, and even should it be found that tha' miners have bean holding bacRVmpro than'' the usual proportion of their gold,,tho pro-) sent deficiency can soaroely be made goaJL; in the remaining montai'of''the year. None w tho late discoveries here have been|i,a nature J» act as any great counter âttcaçtiouraH^o almoT fabulous yields of fifty ouBoxs to ffitfTlub, sixty ounces to the liuckut, and so onjftnd to have been obtalnod from the deep sinking "at tha Lachlan; but still some of the ground last opeaod is paying remarkably well, aud to a largo num- ber of men. Thus between ten and twelve thousand people, according to tho different oatt» mates, have collected at Now Navarre, or Barkly L as it is now called, and nil have plenty o' room to work, with every prospect of suo cess. Three or four ounces to tho loll is not an uncommon yield, and among the lata returnB wo ünd mention of oighty ounces fro a fifteen loads, r-ighty four ounces from twenty ona loads, ind IO80Z from twenty-four loads. In tha deep ground the yield is not BO great, but th 1 «.inking is easy, and the total quantity of gol I from each good claim will bo amply romuner* tivo Tho diggings at this place now cover a 1 extent of severnl miles, so that though the load) are not continuous, ehey ara hkely to last for some time. At Burnt Creek, too, in thi Dunolly district, there has been a new leal and more rich patches discovered, so tha'. a largo number of men are profitably employed in that neighbourhood just nOaV. In addition to the nuggets found previously at Inkermann, a few miles away, two moro wara dug up about a fortnight since, one weighing forty ounces and the other sixty ounces. The usual number of largo nuggets has not bean brought to light within iho last few wocks, but ia addition to the two mentioned, a party of Chmo3e at Cockatoo, m the Back Creek district, found ono of for y seven ounces , and two moro of twenty three ounces and forty six ounces respec tively, wero found at Kingower, which place han been so prolific of nuggets lately. A few dayl smce there was a report of one having been found there weighing IOD pounds, and it was hopal that a real nugget worthy of our past fam.) in this respect might have been sent to thi Great Exhibition , but this will Btill have to b ) sustained by the models of those long Binoo d13 posed of, as the rumour was a gross exaggeration, the veritable nugget on which it waa foundal weighing only the odd five pounds when brought to scale. Smaller nuggets, of a few ounces oaoh, havo not been unfrequently met with, buttha3a requiro no special mention. In the Indigo dis tnct a new lead has boen struck within the hw, few weeks, and a claim has bean most successfully bottomed on the loweripart of the Old Indigo Lead, the first opened in this patt of the country. The fresh claim îsbelowwhere the miners were stopped a long time since by the great pressure of water, and now that the richness of this lowor part of the lead is known to be such as to render it worth while to go to the expense of overcoming this, work will, no doubt, bo commenced at onco ia many more claims. Thus the course of the deep loads is being now and again extended, and WJ are as far as ever from a solution of the question as to what or where their termination may be. As the lato discoveries in alluvial ground have not been of any special importance, so no very pro- mising new reefs have been opened, nor have the yields from the old reefs generally beon up to tha ' usual average. Asmauyns572oz were obtained two or tbreo weeks since by the owners of one claim on the far famed Columbian Rcof at Inglewood : | but this was the produce of 170 tons of stone, and , eo only a moderate average yteld from a reef of the llr»t class. The Morning Star Reef is now de- clared to be the beat in this dis trio t, an average of nine ounces to the ton having been obtained I for suma time past from one claim on it, besides specimens of picked stone, which in reality make , the yield much higher Thnre were in this claim I Taised within a month fifty three tons of stono, which produced in all b09oz A smaller parcel, of twenty three tons from a claim on another reef in this district yiolded 117oz , and ton tons from a fourth reef yielded thirty nine ouno'a, besides a number of rich specimens Large yields are occasionally announced from tho St. Arnaud j roefs, and the last of these was at tho rata of eight ounces to the ton, or IGOoz. froai twenty tons of stone, out of one claim. On its first discovery tho Pyrenees Reef, in the neigh bourhoodof Redbank, was declared to be ona of the richest in the colony, hut until just now tan opinion has not been supported by any actuvl yield], and the quantity of stone on which its character must oven yet rest is very small, only three hundredweight, but tina produced no less than 590uz of gold The credit of the Bendigo district is now sustained almost entirely by its amalgamated gold, tho average yield from tha reefs being, however, only moderate, the host lately obtained having boon one of 152oz frotn sixty tons of stone. X11 tho Castlemaine district the reefers are tolerably busy, but largo yields aro rare, the Ajax Company on the Bolivia Reef boing still by far tho niOBt fortunate, and they had one woek lately n return of 525oz from 105 tons of stone, besides a selection of valuable spe c mens Bent down to the Exhibition, and supposed to contain about thirty ounces moro. AGRICULTURE. The farmers aro now busy getting thoir hay cut and drown in, and as yot thoy havo only boea interrupted in thoir vvoik by passing thunder showers, sometimes heavy, but of no long con- tinuance. This spring has been remarkabla for an unusual quantity of thunder, with muoh sultry weather, and the week before last thero was a rango of temperatttio to the othor extremo, the interior of tho country having been visited on tho morning of the 15th by a very severe frost, which did serious damage to the gardens and viney aid, and even in plaoes to some of the farm crops. On the low hinds the vine shoots were quite killed and all hopes of fruit entirely destroyed, while the young peaohos, npricota, apples, and even the gooseberries, wara shrivelled up and withered, and have siuce fallen off the trees. Some of the shrubs able to endure the usual extremes of heat and cold wero also more or lesB injured ; nor did the indigouous forest trees escape, for some varieties of tbeso had their leaves and tender shoots cut off, and many will, no doubt, die entirely, as always hap- pens after such a severe frost ; whioh, howover, has not boon felt for several years past, especially at such a late period of the year. Although the last of the spring months hail only half expired, yet this may well be called a Bummer frost, from the quantity of fruit exposed to its ravages ; and these uro always very destructive when they do come. In the Ballarat district many of the farmers suffered severely, ths best of their early crops being quite Rpoilcd. The wheat just in ear was so blighted that it had to be cut for hay, and some of the fields of barley wero so injurod as not to bo fit even for that. The oats es- caped best, but the potato tops were out down to tho ground. In other diatriots, too, muoh mischief was done ; but the damage to the gardens and farms on high land was comparatively trifling. Sharp na are these summer frosts occasionally, it is quite possible to provide for safety agaînsî their ravages by tho »eleotion of land at somo elevation above the plains as sitos for vineyards or orchards. Po'a toes on low lands nre always cut down by even the lightest frosts, but it is seldom that tho other farm orops aro BO soverely injured as thoy hava been on this occasion ; and this is not likely til be a season otherwise in whioh tho farmers era. I well get over such a 1OBS._ Pi ices aro low now, and not likely to improve. At Bal- larat hay is disposed of with suoh difficulty just now at any price at all that some of tin farmers before this frost wero proposing to bu . i off half what they had remaining from last yetr, to improve the value of tho remainder, and oil potatoes will scarcely pay for carting to markst Chen wheat is dull of sale everywhere at fron 4s. to ßs. a bushel, oats alono bringing a remuner- ative price, and this only at a distance from tin Sorte, but undor the last-named crop the farmers ave no gruat extent of land, at least in a state fit to produce grain of fair quality, so that they are beginning to look about them rather anxiously for somothing that will pay. The prosent stato of affairs was foreseen by afew, who have for the last year or two been turning their attention more and more to stock, and trying what is to bo done in this direction, and it has been clearly proved that sheep will give a good rolurn on tilled land, even if grazed entirely cn English grasses. The Experimental Farm con- sists of light land, much below the average of what ia generally cultivated here, and tho (lock of ewes grazed on a portion of this will give a re- turn for the year, from the wool and lambs alone, of moro than £4 lo tho acre, besides bomg sold off, fat, themselves at a considerable advance on the first cost. Farmers who have kept sheep during the samo period, assisting the grasses with roots and fodder, are getting more than this, and improving their tilled land at the same time ; but it requires nn outlay of capital to lay down the land properly for permanent pas- ture, and close fences ore not common, so that only a few will be able to avail themselves of this resource. Cattle-feeding has scarcely boea attempted yet, but these will not pay so well as sheep nnder any circumstances, as beef is low and likely to continuo so, and wool and early lambs «ill always command good prices. i A few days sinco tbo Port Philip Farmers' So- ciety held their annual trial of mowing machines in the field, but it was this year almost a failure. 'Owing to the ground boing vory wet, the knives quickly clogged when Bet low, and ran down tho crop when set high, so that the machines were soon stopped, and no prize was awarded to the owners of thoso for two nora 33. The one-horso machines did better, and these aro coming into great demand here. The trial of reapers is looked forward to with muoh interest, as several of our colonial mnkora ara trying to distinguish thomaolves in this branch of their business, and ono, more ambitious than the rest, is having amaohino made to reap, thrash, 1 and clean the grain all at one operation j but the I ¿Americans have triod tho same tbiDg before him, ¡ Und in the same way, and without sucoess. The 1 members of the Port Philip Society have just 1 made an important change in the couatitutbn. I ofä their body by cutting off all connexion with the branches holding shows and plough- ing matches in their several dist riots around ¡Holbourne, so that tho parent society may for thj future devoteits moansand attention moro en tiro 'y to the aunual show of stock, implements, and pro 1 Huco nt Melbourne, which is becoming of mora consequence to the country at largo cica yoar. Tho agricultural department in the-general ex- hibition now open here is very badly filled, bnt if the harvest timo is only favourable wo shall have plenty of good grain to forward to London in time for tho opening of the exhibition thora. Shearing is now pretty well advanced, and good specimens of wool aro being obtained with this object ; but we are not awaro of any stops having been taken for tho preparation of a com- plete collection of evory kind of wool grown in the colony. Wo have now sheep of most of tha best breeds from England, and it would bo in- teresting to the judges there to note whether tha climnto in any way affects the wool of the most valuable sorts, THE RUSH TO THE NEW ZEALAND GOLD-FIELDS. Towards the latter end of August last, came the commencement of an episode in our Victorian history which, though but tho re appearance of a not unfamiliar social disease, was yet accompanied with suoh aggravated "symptoniB and alarming details as to bo deserving of a placo in our records. It consisted of what is termed a " rush" to a gold-field lately discovered in Otago, and the mama for departure thither bocamo so extra ordinarily great, that had it continued tho result must have been the depopulation of many of our country districts The fact was, that an old Victorian miner-a Mr. Gabriel Read-knowing that tho " colour " of gold had been fre- quently found in various parts of Otago, com- menced a prospecting tour through that country. After many months' exertion, two facts became evident-ono being that gold exist ed all over the province, at a very short distnnco from the sur face, but not in paying quantities, and tho other, that should gullies exist that woro favoured by any considerable amount of watershed, a pay- able gold field might be found there. At last Mr. Read carno to the very spot ho could have wished for Following ono of tho tributaries to the Tuapeka (itself a branch of the wide and Bwift-flowing Molyneux Rivor) as it threaded the spurs and ranges of the endless Maungatua mountains, ho arrived at a gully than which no spot could be well conceived better adapted for gold mining. Between two tall spurs was a narrow valley, nearly two miles long and from 100 to 500 feet across, in tho middle of which the little Tuapeka branch continued its course to tho main stream Por many miles round tho mountains were so arranged that thoir waters naturally drained into this valley, and hore Mr. Read judged was the receptado for the gold which, separated from its original matrix, had beon gradually washed down from higher ground. Ho was right, and, indeed, no ono no customed to gold mining could hav o hesitated % moment to declare that here was the place for a goldfield, if ever lhere was one Ho and hu party sank a claim, and wero very successful The news spread, and thero was a rush from all parts of New Zealand to the spot, and gradually the echo of tho groat tidings reached Victoria A few slartedatoncefromthencc,and gradually their numbers increased Letters from thom aunounaei their Buceess, aDd tho "rush' sot in. That w hich began in a liudable spirit of enterprise, very soon became a restless desire for change, no1 tbiB in a lou weeks led to a stampede rather than an ordinary rush. The miucrs on the gold fields woro really mad to be off to New Zealand, nor wero thoy disposed to wait and learn whether the goldfield which was certainly rich was equally extensivo It was not only those who wiro not doing well that w ero thus excited, for tbo feverish désira to start at once led to very many shareholders ia rich claims, men who wero in receipt of weekly returns equal to £0, £8, and even £10 a weok, to «eil their rich's for a trifle, and go to the Tua- peka Had the lush been confined only to those who possessed meaos enough to bring them back to Victoria, thcrat would not have been so muoh harm, but hundreds, if not thousands, of those who left Victoria for Otago possessed only a few shillings aftor they had paid their passage money. Every ship that could be put on the berth wai advertised to sail to New Zealand. Intercolonial steamers, and oven magnificent liners, such aj the Lightning, Result, Empress of the Sea, and Aiabia, were pressed into the servico, and fully 10,000 persons left tho colony, possessing only very vague information respecting tho diBtint gold fields, except that contained ni hie,h colouiai private letters, tho details of which wero grosäly oxa¡.gerated m report, and newspaper accounts by writers totally unfamiliar with gold fields, ana therefore as incompetent to give nn opinion as they wore forward to do BO Luckily for Ariotona, Tilt Al gus despatched a special reportei to tha spot, and his first latter arrived when the rush was at its height Its character was inconclusive, bat it was enough to make every one pause, and w ait for further news. Meanwhile, Melbourne was crowded with miners ready for tho Btart, tha roads were full of passengers to town, twenty five vessels, of every description of capaoi y, were ad- vertised to Bail for Now Zealand , the country newspapers, foreseeing ruin, wero full of re- peated premonitory warnings, tho Melbourno press lifted up its voice, but in vam. Atlast,however, tho news carno It WÍB not much, but it stopped the e\odus at onco It appeared that the Tuapeka difames, though rich, wero exceedingly limitad, and entirely confined to Gabriel's Gully (thegully ahead} described) and AVaitahunaPl.it, whero a .small extent of patchy ground had been struck. Thcr-e weie crowded from end to end long beforo, and almost nil thoso who sailed in such hot hasta wera either returning or just giviug the diggings a last chance, or else wandering destitute in tile streets of Dunedin, themotropoliB of Otago Thesa lattei wouldhavestarvodbutforthoOtngoGovern ment, who, though stunned nt first by the crisis that had overtaken thom, at last sot about offer- ing work to the new arrivals, giving them 5s a day for road making Hundreds accepted the offer, and aro, indeed still engaged in this poorly pani occupation Sufficient time hasnotelnpsedtoenabla all those w ho desire to return to do so, but porhap3 beforo the summer is over most of the emigrants will have roturned No o her diggings have boen discovered in Otago, nor, from the broken cha- racter of the country, is it likely that any exten- sive gold field-nor even one so extensivo M Gabrikl's Gulley-will over bo brought to light thero Victoria is, however, rapidly recovering from tho terrible state into which it was thrown. Public confidence is restored. The railway labour, which had well nigh caassd, has been resumed, and the gold fields are even moro prosperous than when tha rush broke cut Several new gold- fields bare been discovered, and all is compara I t vely confeti) de tose in this respect The wholo »flan has, however, been a terrible warning to Victorians, and a bitter lesson to many. Rushes of a disappointing character have taken place ia post years to Mount Hopo, Port Curtis, and the Snowy River, but that to New Zealand was ot quadruple their united importance. It is a melancholy reflection that so largo a proportion of our population can bo BO unsettled by suoh an absurd mama, and be exoited by Buch Will o' tha « up expectations, but so it is, and wo must hopa that the experience of the Otago rush will pro vent the repetition of a similar calamity. THE VOLUNTEERS. I The volunteer officers are still occupied ia recruiting for the two years length of servioe* Most of the rifle companies have been sworn ia again ; and in those cases in which several mem- bers refused to bo sworn in for two years, recruits have como in without much difficulty, so that it s expected the full number of 5,000 will bo made up. Tbo mounted regimonts have flhown less alacrity, or, at least, owing to the rivalry existing between them, some havo achieved an advantage over others. The officers_ havo had a great deal of trouble in finding recruits. However, there is lillie doubt, even with regard to these companies, i lint the complement will eventually bo attained. Tho locality and, latterly, tho timo also of tho next camp have occasioned considerable disons siou, and neither the where nor the when has yet been finally decided upon. It is pretty certain, however, that tho expected arrival of tho All Kngland Eleven about Christinas, and the excite- ment sure to attend tho matches that will then be played, have decided the authorities on post- poning the camp till Easter. Whether tho sito shall bo the Werribee or Woodend, is still in nuhibus. SPORTING. The " Second Spring Meeting" on Molbourno Course took placo on the 7th, 8th, and 9th of tho present month, under the auspices of the Vic tcria Turf Club, and was quito equal, in all íeepcots, to its predecessor, tho Jockey Club gathering. The principal feature of the meeting w as a handicap race at two milos, upon the plan rf tlio Chester Cup, Great Metropolitan, and Newmarket Handicap, tho club adding 200 sow. to a sweepstakes of twenty sovs., ten forfeit, or livo only if doolared within a week of the publica- tion'of the weights. The stako amounted to nearly £1,000, and will probably bo larger in future ycart. Seventeen horses started, two of the nura-, ber being visitors from New South Wales, and; one of them. Archer, by William Tell, a son of Miss Rowe, being a leading favourite. ThoVlp-' torious.who were very BanguinoaboutMormorianji< Despatch, a son and daughter of old Premier, wettf, somewhat mortified to find their principal pKro! earned off by the Archer, whose aim was on this/ occasion'unerring, aud he won at last very easily. This defeat will, in all probability, prove highly advantageous to tho beaten party, as they havo sufficient publlo spirit to induce them to exert (hemselvct to find moans to enBuro success on tas next trial of fctrongth. New South Wales his fin ady beaten Victoria more than once on that racecourse, and tho¡ principal causo has been, that they have better mares, and a larger number of them, than we have ; and, moreover, tho New South Wales turfites will not waste their time and money in training any animal oxcept ha show Boroo paying quality, or givo very strong assurance that on a future day his powers will bo developed. Their operations are moro systematic« than ours ; we sometimes find out our best horses without knowing surely where they come from cannot with certainty Bay who was their sire, una can only guess even tho name of tho dam. This has been the case with many moderate and. good horses hero, from Petrel downwards. Tha most noticeable improvement in tnrf matters at the "First Spring Meeting" was tho superior quality of condition of the three-year-olds in the» Oaks and Derby. In the " Second Spring," wo were gratified to BOO two two-year-olds of some pretensions contest the stakes provided for tha bost of tho juveniles. One of these, Regina, by Peeping Tom, a Touchstone horse, dam by Lanercost, recently imported by Mr. Chirnsida trom England, promiseB to grow into a very lina racing mare. Tbo finish between her and .¿Eneas, a son of the imported Boiardo, waa very close-a, head only dividing them ; and the filly's second, performance, in tno All-aged Stakes, at a mile, where she lost nearly sixty yards at start, ano! finished within a length of the winner, ona of the best three-year-olds of tho year, proved, her to be a racehorse all over. The numo lical strength of good horses of the three-year old year was increased on the present occasion hy- the addition to tho higher ranks of Saturn, a fina ton of Premier-Bessy Bedlam, who was a mara of great fame on tho turf of Victoria in tho days ' of yore. Saturn ran and won in the Jockey Club Spring Meeting, but lins been improved so muoh since that timo that ho had no difficulty in win- ning the Arictoria Stakes (the Turf Clan DcrLy) nnd the All-aged Stakes, one milo, on the fol- lowing day. A New South Wales colt, Exeter, by Wtfverley, siro of Veno, ran in tho Victoria" Stakes almost last ; but on the following day he won the Melbourne Stakes, for three and four year olds, in good style, giving weight away ta almost everything in the race. But at the same time that we may congratulate our i elves on the advanco made in tho numbers, ind the improvement shown in the condition, of the two and three year old horses, wo have to lament the almost total absence of racehorse!« »it long distances, and under weight. It appears, unfortunately, to bo tho case that the principal managers of the racing clubs, being themselves interested as breeders, have not unnaturally lianed too favourably towards the protensions of young stock, and have of late altogether snubbed ibe claims of the elder scions of tho racing thoroughbreds. There was much reason in in- stituting races liberally endowed for three-year eld colts and fillies, and for maintaining them by awarding them a largo share of the public money intrusted to the stewards for distribution ; but thero can be no rea ton for withdrawing all encouragement from good horses after three years old, und that this bes been done of lato may be proved by tho two last spring meetings, where there was not a single woight-for-age raco at three miles for the man. who was the owner of the best horse nt that dis- tance ; all tho money was given to young stock, ta handicap animals, or to ehort-distance horses. The provincial race meetings are now coming thick and fast. Castlemaine comes first-on the 26th and 27th inst. ; the Tasmanian Champion Race Meeting takes place on the 3rd, 4th, and S h December; Ballarat races occupy the 18th, 19th, and 20th ; and Sandhurst, the 26th and 27th December, on which days thero aro also raca meetings at Smythesdale, St. Arnaud, Woodend, and Tarrengower ; BO that thero is plenty of work before our racing cattle. CRICKET. Of theStbree absorbing topics of interest during tho past month-politics, the sad news of the Vic- torian Exploration party, and tho anticipated visit of the All-England cricketers to these shoroj, the last has beon on tho increase as' each suc- ceeding week has lessened the period which must elapse before the arrival of the Great Britain. Throughout the country the subject of the grand intercolonial match has claimed the greatest at- tention, tbo feeling generally being that it is one to no small extent of importance to the colony. Not only will our cricketers recesivo some useful lessons from their English friends, not only will the event bo celebrated as a publia fête, but to those who look to tho result of England's visit is apparent tho gre»(¡ fact, that the bond between the mother country and this her youngest colony will ba cemented more closely than ever; that, on their return, the Eleven will take the news that wc »ra ret so far inferior in point of civilization to other countries as is believed in England ; that we have a city that will comparo favourably with my in the world, in proportion with its age ; and that wo havo institutions both for the mental and physical oulture of our youth modelled after those which havo turned out some of England's best men. Already great preparations are bein.? made for the reception of tho Eleven. Sub- scriptions aro being canvassed to fo'ch down the best player» from tho country districts, so ss to organizo a team worthy to cope with (ho Eleven, Practico has, within the last wct-k, commenced on (he Melbonrno ground, by having twenty-two placed in the field-it being expected the Eleven will play against that number -but we fear that a great deal moro practice will be required, as at present tho fielding is inferior. Some little change of feeling was produced upon the arrival of the last mail, consequent upon the retirement from the Eleven of several players whoEe names were familiar as household words to most of our cricketers. At the same time, what- ever effect such chango may havo upon tho " books" of those who make tho event one of money speculation, the one opinion exists-that our men will have plenty of work boforo them, cvtn if they aro beaten by a small majority. Every arrangement is to bo made lo fit our ciicketing reserve for the thousands who will as i embie on it from all quarters of iho three colonies. It has recently been altered as to shape, and at (bo same time enlarged. Messrs. Spiers and Pond are erecting a grand stand, which will be 700ft. long, ond which will contain some thou- sands of i-pectators. They will also have other r ccommodation. The ground ia in first- oluss cider, and by the system of irrigation proposed the tuif will be fresh and green even in the bottcRt weather in Decembor or January. Among ether matches played during tho past month was one of great merit between the Melbourne Club i-iid the East Melbourne. Tho latter is composed rrincipally of the " colt" element, and has beon » leading rlub for two seasons. Their fielding is nit erior, and they number in their ranks some good batters and bowlers. On Saturday week, the first . day of the match, tho play was excellent. AMUSEMENTS. Thero is that lull in theatrical matters whioh »lwnys occurs for a few weeks beforo Christmas. Managers are too busy making preparations for i hat season to devote either time or money to i be production of novelties ; and if they did, they v ould not meet with remunerativo support. At tho Theatre Royal, the Princess's Theatre, and Cremorne, local writers, scene painters, property n.cn, clowns, columbines, and costumiers, aro actively engaged in operations connected with the Christmas pantomime ; and at the Prince of Wales Theatre, we shall probably havo soma celestial harlequinade by the Chineso operatic tioupe which has been performing in that establishment for the gratification of that plaoablo portion of our population. The operatio season at the Theatre Royal ter- minated on the Oth inst., and on the 11th Messrs. II olt and Hoskins resumed the management of that house, Sir William and Lady Don com- mencing an engagement at the same time. They oj ened with the " Babes in the Wood," which i un for a week, and is to be followed by " Black fcheop." Owing to the circumstance referred ta above, the audiences hate not been so large as those which Sir William and Lady Don drew on (1 eir first arrival. The attendance has been satisfactory, and both maintain the position they originally acquired in public estimation. Thoy ure efficiently' supported by Mr. and Mrs. Claranco Holt, Mr. Hoskins, Mr. Henry Edwarde, and Mr, and Mrs. Harwood. At the Princess's Theatre, the extravaganza, of the " Queen of Beauty" has enjoyed a lengthened îun, but has failed to obtain the same popularity on " Aladdin." Tho success it enjoys is largely attributable to the introduction of what is called " a political portrait ;" tho third of a gallery of Parliamentary pioturcs which Mr. Fawcett is pre si ming on the stage. The original is a gentleman who combines the functions of a retail tobacconist nr.d a legislator, and the salient features of his ince, and the peculiarities of his gait, dialeot, i i.d oratory, are cleverly mimicked by the actor, mid immediately recognised by tho audienoe, vith whom this species of caricaturing appears to le- ns popular as with the frequenters of the Hnyrnuiket in 1748, or with tho Venetians, who i leveled to the theatre of San Salvatorc, about lLoEame period. [ , " IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. * The officiai returns of tho Immigration Dopart ' mtnt are published for the month of October. 'übe arrivals at all ports of the colony numbcro I 3,4% persons, and the departures 3,102, tho lilanoe being in favour of Iho colony by 323. Oí ile arrivals, 3,407 landed at Melbourne, 8 at Geelong, and 10 nt all other ports. Of tho doptr tures, 3,082 sailed from Melbourno, 7 from Gea long, and 13 from all othor ports. Tho aga' and sexes may bo thus divided :-Arrived, 3,'425, of whom 2,783 wero adult males, 459 adul; females, 96 malo and 87 female children ; de- parted, 3,102, of whom 2,672 wore adult males, 287 niait females, 74 male and 69 fernab children. The intercolonial migration was against this oolony by 583 persons. The" departures for exceeded the arrivals from New South Wales b/ 149, South Australia by 47, and Now Zealand b/ 1563\. Tho arrivals from Tasmania wero 176 io excess of the departures thither. The followln; digest of the return gives a clear ¡might into the migratory movements of the month : How South AVal os.. South Australia .. Tasmania .. Kew Zealand Total neighbouring colo- nies United Kingdom .. Foreign ports Totals Deduct decrease Kot Immigration S.-8 468 136 170 2121 In the following tablo the arrivals and depar- tures aio given monthly for ten months of tha year, compared with tho corresponding periods of I860. It will bo seen that while immigration hal fallen off this year to the number of 8,916, emigration has inorcascd to that of 8,802. Tha balance for the first three quarters of the year has beon in favour of emigration by 7,470 : January frl riinry ¿lurch Apill .May Juno July AalgllBt Sciitimlicr October Kot incroaio Kot decreaso AVe repeat, for the information of distant readers, that tho population of the colony, ac- cording to tho census taken in April, was as follows :-Males, 328,651 j females, 211,071 ; total, 540,322. COMMERCIAL. Tho month of November has been tho dullest of the current year among the commercial and . trading community. Soveral disturbing oauso3 bnve contributed to this Btate of affairs. During tho early part of the month, tho agitation pre- vailing with referenco to the threatened chang« in tbo tariff put a stop to all legitimate business, without giving riso to any of those speculated movements which generally accompany altera- tions in Customs duties, The mails from Eu- rope and tho East, duo on the 10th, wero not delivered until the 18th. These two ciroutn stances, added to the political excitement consé- quent on a change of Ministry, have interfered with the regular course of business, while the cargoes arriving havo been added to the already overburdened floors of the Melbourno wara houses. In the .money market thero has beon ai easier feeling, notwithstanding tho falling off in the number and amount of transaction*. The average statements of the nine banks car- rying on business in this colony have beet gazetted for the third quarter of tbo year, undar tho provisions of tho act of Council 4 Viet,, No. 13, We subjoin our usual digest, compiled from tho official returns. The liabilities and asset: represent transactions in this colony only. Tha , last three items include tho capital, profite, and ', dividends of all the branches of tho soveral establishments. Tho average of tho last half v yearly dividends declared-paid by eight of tha banks-was at tho rato of 10 7-16ths per oont. on tbo capital paid up ; ' Kotos m circulation.£1,094,421 Bills In circulation./ .. 63,951 Balances duo to othor banks. 131,8li Deposits not bearing interest .. .. 4,811,33) Doposits bearing Interest.2,807,45) Total amount of liabilities.8,037,611 Coln .2,612,47i Bullion and Mrs . 481,3» Lsnded property . 600.617 Notes and bills of othor banks .. .. 138,631 Balances due from other banks .. .. 130,6)1 Governmont securities . 62,051 Dalits due to the banks, Including notes, hills of exchaugo, and all clock and funded dobts, oxcopt notes, bills, and balances due from othor banks .. .. 0,451,017 Tajtil amount of assots .12,774,671 Amount of enplt»l Btock paid up .. .. 0,303,474 Amount cf last dividends declared.. .. 384,335 Amount of reserved prouts.1,295,617 AB compared with tho aggregate averages of tha provlous quarter, these returns show a decreaso ia notes in circulation of £963,691, an increase in billi in circulation of £2,202, a decrease in deposits not bearing interest of £281,192, an increaso in de- posits bearing interest of £135,920, a deeroaso ia total liabilities of £212,029, a decrease in coin oE £250,409, a decreaso in bullion of £78,404, an increase in landed property of £3,266, an in- crease in Government securities of £7,545, an increase in the amount of all debts due to the banks of £104,089, a decrease in total assoti of £123,758, an Increaso in paid up oapital of £76,717, and an increaso in the amount or re- served profits of £17,140. In the following tablo the aggregate averages of the nine banka are given for eight quarters, for the purpose of afford- ing a fuller comparison. In this case, also, tha last three items rofer to tho entire capital ac- counts of the institutions; the remainder to transactions within tho colony : 4th Quarter, 1859. Notes in circulation Bills do. Deposits, not bearing in-1 terest Do., bcarin'r interest Total liabilities, .. Coin Bullion Landed property.. Government securities Debts due to banks Total assets Paid-up capital .. Amount of last dividend Reserved profits .. £ 2,003,906 66,437 1,625,377 4,835,744 8,867,298 1,755,071 632,913 451,690 20,209 9,400,450 12,740,285 6,074,539 354,625 1,275,496 2nd Quarter, I860. £ 1,905,846 71,177 1,406,254 5,637,103 9,18S,3SS 1,867,690 (¡82,224 46S,4?5 29,573 9,103,544 12,564,068 6,097,974 423.5S1 1,252,638 3rd Quarter, 1860. £ 1,831,686 60,471 2,840,163 4,772,978 9,664,964 2,066,347 753,183 4S1.00S 11,850 9,232,157 112,863,766 6,186,718 413,5S1 1,248,202 4th Quarter, 1860. £ 1,834,274 63,104 4,293,066 2,932,661 9,23», 731 2,141,169 £19,405 500,582 11,421 9,206,428 12.093,726 0,13*,0S7 348,029 1,243,202 1st Quarter, 1861. £ 1,843,732 67,808 4 636,349 2,786.011 9,448,842 2 210,327 444.854 492.325 43,897 9,075,425 12 Í9S.487 6,209,907 840,6291 l,2ti8,93S 2nd Quarter, 1861. £ 1,760,992 67,768 4,692,581 2.671.530 9.199,557 2,?62,S87, 559,746 497\. ?S1 54,507 9,286,32S 12.898,331 6,2'6.761 SO 1,36.1 1,278.497 4,311 389 2.807,450 8.937,528 2,012,478 'Sl.SSft 500,547 63 052 9,481.017 12,774,573 0 303.478 3114,363 1,295,837 For the purpose of affording tho means of a moro detailed examination of thoso official ro- turas, wo subjoin a table of tho nversgo lia- bilities and assets within the colony of tho nino bank carrying on business for the tim d quarter of this year, compared with the corresponding period of its predecessor: BANK OF AUSTRALASIA. Third Quarto». 1800\. 1801. Hotcs in circulation.. .. £330,072 £291,639 Ellin in circulation . .. 12,005 11,281 DcpoiJts, notbearing Interest 4S9 409 911,06) Do., bearing interest .. 904.417 489,185 Total liabilities .. .. 1,820 600 1,053,081 Coln. 355,240' 425,693 bullion. 107.007 40,493 Lauded property .. .. 89,000 108,041 Debts duo to the bank .. 1,450,177 1,516,801 Total assets. 2,027,192 2,102,510 BANK OF VICTORIA. Notes In circulation .. .. £342,410 £338,989 Mils In circulation .. .. 10,705 11.79 J / Deposits.not bearing interest O'fi.tOl Do., bearing Intorost.. .. 7') ,F05 Total liabilities .. .. 1 Pl^.SöL Coln. »o7,421 Bullion. I!i3,451 landed property .. .. 1-7 401 Debts duo to tho bank .. 1,6G¿,II42 Total assets. 2,81)0,741 BANK or Nsw BOOTH WÍIBS. Kotes In circulation Bills In circulation .. DeposltB, not boartng interest Do, bearing interest.. Total liabilities Coin. Bullion. Crovorntnont securities .. landed proporty DobtB duo to tho hank £202,887 568 43»,842 636,867 1,855,632 299,842 85,974 11,860 61,002 1,23',412 Total assets. 1¡762,028 UNION BANK OP AUBTBALIA. Kotes in circulation .. .. £225,827 Bills in circulation .. .. 10,546 Deposits, not bearing interest 719,231 Do., bearing intorost .. 201,291 Total liabilities .. .. 1,292,897 Coin. 817,191 Bullion. 00,607 landed property .. .. 69,768 Debts duo to tho bank .. 1,204,120 Total OBbcts. 1,782,888 820,655. 476,00t 1.014,418 856,189 112,193 93,692 1,590,162 2,103,9(31 £222,3891 2,073 055,70» 348,2301 1,219,001) 222,219] 71,121 62,052) 64,795] 1,877,17» 1,874,844) £204,229 24,900 628,886 288,678 1,000,545 825,366 46,696 64,141 1,215,720 1,670,09a COLONIA!, BANK OP AuBTItALASIA. Kotes In circulation . Bills in circulation .. Deposits, boarlng interest Do , not hearing Interest Total liabilities Coln . Bullion. landed proporty Debts duo to tho bank £110,964 2,464 674,828 218,099 1,038,518 278,566 0 325 41,782 1,017,896 Total ussots .. .. .. 1¡42!Í917 ORIENTAL BANK CORPORATION Kotes in circulation .. ,. £217,792 Bills in circulation Deposits.not bearing interest Do., hearing interest Total liabilities Coln . Bullion, landed property Debts duo to tho bank 6,851 88,640 ?07,808 021,610 192,268 117,706 40,000 1,020,979 Total assets.1,801,876 £119,619 1,1 tal 868,641' 489,211 1,050,573 185,337 25,018 44,702 1,203,337 1,468,010 £192,221 0,701 245,642 449,993 897,059 280,899 100,351 40,008 809,639 1,212,612 LONDON CIIARTBRBD BANK. NotcBln circulation .. .. £168,657 £160,09.1 Bills in circulation .. .. 8,038 6,372 Deposits, bearing interest 615,593 £48,143 So., not bearing Interest .. 80,424 820,973 Total liabilities .. .. 777,988 760,052 Coin. 103,521 210,793 Bullion. 47,647 32,275 Lundcd property .. .. 66,584 03,129 Debts duo to tho bank .. 045,803 1,003,579 Total assots . 1,271,003 1,328,093 ENGLISH, SCOTTISH, Arro AUSTRALIAN CHARTBEHD BAKE, Notes in circulation .. .. £14,005 £47,481 Deposit«, bearing interest .. 243,580 140,637 Do., not bearing intorest .. 40,003 102,017 Total liabilities .. .. 883,703 809,120 Coin. 44,017 61,496 Bullion. 30,706 10,001 Landed proporty .. .. 27,147 20,531 Debts duo to tho bank .. 277,015 800,219 Total assets. 306,612 609,807 NATIONAT, BAKU O? AUSTRALASIA. Notes in circulation .. £90,473 £84,003 Bills in circulation .. .. 7,816 2,705 Deposits, not bearing interest 102,918 127,353 Do., bearing interest .. 47,185 101,937 Total liabilities .. .. 276,040 337,001 Coln. 48,279 48,129 Bullion . 18.787 30,252 landed proporty .. .. 0,818 10,621 Debts duo to tho bank .. 815,145 339,831 Total assots. 410,884 448,713 Notwithstanding the large efflux of the mining population of Victoria-first towards New Zealand, and subsequently to the Lachlan, in New South Wales-the yield of the gold-fields has been well maintained. For the greater part of tho month the impression has prevailed on the gold-fields that the export duty of 2s. Gd, per ounce on gold would bo reduced to Is. 6d,, and, as a conso quencc, hoarding has taken placo to some ex- tent by parties not in a position to bo compelled to Bell. The eECort returns have been, in consequence, below tho average. For the eurronc week, the total quantity brought down by the established escorts has been 39,56ooz. against 47,215oz. for the corresponding week of last year. This is exclusive of the quantity brought down privately- l,051oz. from Gippj Land, and other parcels of less amount from ol her diBtriots, the exact quantity of which has ni t been made known. Taking tho weekly eECort re turns as approximate merely of the yield of our gc Id-fields, we find the following results for the weeks and for the years up to dote: Castlemaiue Maldon .. Esndhurst Heathcote .. Bnshworth Kilnioru .. 21 aryborough .. Sack Crook Dunolly Inglewood Tarnagulla (Sandy Crk.) Ballarat .. Creswick Clunes .. .. Beechworth "Yackandandah Chiltern (Indigo) Mcrso's Crook .. /mhorst... Totals for (ho wooka Previous escorts Totals for tho years ..| 1,067,806 10 ¡1,823,820 6 1801. on. dwt. 4,678 10 2,891 10 7,285 0 1,220 10 607 10 103 10 818 10 1,400 10 2,802 10 2,088 0 4,214 10 2,009 0 1391 0 2,393 10 105 10 8,867 10 2,183 80,603 0 1,618,832 10 47,216 1,776,111 The escorts from Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Mary. I oroogb, Bick Creen, and Ballarat, are weakly ; otberi every alternate week. In the following table, the quantities brought ii to Melbourne weekly by the escorts from all ti e gold-fields are given separately for tbreo n onthfl, ending the 22nd inst. In tho lost e olumn will be found the totals for the cor i esponding weeks of 1860 : - 1861. Au¡r. SO Sept. 6 Sept IS äept 20 Sept. 27 Oct. 1 Oct. H Oct. l8 Oct. 25 -fov. 1 V"v. 8 Nov. 16 Nov. 22 3,915 7,272 4,970 6,090 7,181 5,623 5,833 4,603 3,037 6.105 3,915 4,091 7,235 1851 1835 222S 1790 1370 1910 101,164 i Tho avornge weekly amount rocoivod by efccort during the third quarter of the year amounted to 36,399oz. Subjoined is a state- ment of the avci.'tgo weekly cscortR for the ¿rv eral quarters since the beginning of 1857 : ,V tekly A v ertJgo. ljitqr.. 2nd qr. 3rd qr.. 4lhqr.. 1667. 43,810 44,403 61,340 63,611 41,026 45,290 48,235 41.017 41,982 44,417 44,623 87,082 89,517 40.204 1.9,034 I 87,723 80,713 83,887 30,399 AVo repeat that the escorts during October nnd this month havo been "very muoh below tbo average, arising partly from tho Otago n orcment. Of the 12,500 persons who left this colony for tho Now Zealand gold-Holds, ct least ninety per cent, were miners, and, in all, only 2,440 persons havo returned. Al- though tho places of many of those leaving «ere filled by others, there was a conaider ntlo falling off during the entire period re- ferred to in the total number of persons on gi gcd in mining pursuit1;- sufficient in extent to account for the falling off in the yield of gold. Kow that our mining population has rocoverod ii cm this movement, and the question of the iitention of the gold duty may be considered icttled, the escort and oxnort returns may ho ex- pected to increase, Tho banks have beon buyers eluiing the week at tho rate of £3 133. 6<. per ounce for standard. This, with the ex j ort duty of 2s. Gd, per ounce, briugs the cost on lourd ship to £3 lus. per ounce, exclusivo of charges. At this rate, the prices of alluvial cold from the various districts may bo stated at Omeo, Upper Yarra, Shady Creek, £3 'Ja, 3d. to £3 11s. 3d. ; Dandenong, Jamieson's, and Big River, £3 12s. Gd. to £3 14s. 3d. : Ca«llemaino, Bendigo, and Mountain Creek, £3 15a. Gd. to £3 16s. 9d.; Crooked Uiver, Boggy Creek, Cale- donia, and Anderson's Creek, £31Ga. 3d. ; Mary- borough, Dunolly, Avoca, and Eaglau, £317s. to £317s. 9d. j Creswick and Brown's, £3 lGs. 3d. to £317s. Od. ; Ballatat and Ot ens, £318s. 9d. The shipments of the metal during tho week havo beon as follow : - Oz. By the Clutha, for I ondon .. .. 22,059 " Lightning, for Liverpool ., 24,01 J " Hai kits ay, for nong Kong .. 6,679 Frovloui tim nifiits, corrcoted by com- parison vin tho export entries patted at tho Customs. 1,745,253 1,798,633 Or, 74 tons 18ovtt. 3qr. 31b. troy, of tho valuo, at £4 per ounce, of £7,194,144. Up to the corresponding date of last year, the shipments amounted to l,899,224oz., or 79 tons2owt. 2qr. 181b. 8oz. troy, of tho value, at the samo rato, of £7.596,896. The following ia a list of the gold Bhips which havo sailed since the 1st of October: Bato of Bailing. Oct. 2 >? 14 II 13 II I' n l8 i. l8 II 25. II 25 u 2t Ship. Destination. Ounces, City of Sidney Kout Vortlua .. Washington lloravlan .. Indemnity., (lonarch .. llutha ""orrcnt .. .Iglitr-ing.. I harkaway.. Sydney .. London .. Point doQsl'o ., Hong Kong ., London .. (j'-nlon .. London .. J'ndon .. Hong Kong . Llvorpool Hong Kong .. 4,980 105,003 40,278 13,637 47,098 12,447 42,681 2ä,660 6,705 21,040 6,679 Exchange on Ene>nd remains at par for sixty days' Bight, 1 per cent for thirty days', and IA per cent for email sums nt sight The rato charged by tho Peninsular and On onliil Company for tho transmission of gold and bullion from Melbourne to the Bank of Lngland is 14' per cent, including insurance. 'J 1 e Oriental Bank Corporation charges for thirty dnjh' exchango- On Bombay, Calcutta, Madras, ¿e Id per rupee, China, 5s Id per dollar , Uylon, dj per cent premium, Mauritius, 4i 2d per dollar, Singapore, 4s lid per dollar The local rates of discount stand at, for two months', 8 per cent , for three months', 9 per ant , for four months, 10 per cent Interest is allowed on timo deposits at tho following tates - Tor deposits at thirty day s notice, from 1J to 2 per cent per annum, at three month » notice, from 2 to 2¿ per cent , at six months notice, from 4 to 4j "per cent The share mnrktt has been quiet, with very few transfers taking place Mining bhiresbavo at length settled donn, and but little speculation is exhibited in this description of security The affairs of tho Melbourne and Suburban Rail«ay have not yet been brought to a successful arrange ment, bul a bill has been introduced into the Legislature to empower the company to Boll or otherwise diBpose of their interest in this hue The following aie tho Bales of the week -On Mondoy-Colonial Bankof Australasia £57s GJ , Huetler's Reef (mining), 7» , and Maryborough (mining), 5s per share On Tuesday-National Bank of Australasia, £3 7s Gd , Melbourne and Hobson s Bay Ra Iway, £42 , Long Gull), Bon d (,0 (nuning), Is Gd , Maryborough (mining), Gi OuAVednesdny- National Bank of Australasia, ¿d 7r , Colonial Bank of Australasia, ¿G6s OJ ,Hust ler's Reef (mining), 7s 3d , Long Gully (mining) 3s Gd. On Thursday-Victorian Govcrnmout Six per Cents 10¿M (date not spocified), Beehive (mining), £112s bd Hustler's Reef (mining), 7s 3d Ar I on Friday-National Bank of Aus tiolasi», £o /s , Australasian InsurmceCompany, £110s , Bechivo (mining), ¿112s 6d , Spoci mon Gully (mining), ßs 6d For tho latest quo tottens wo refer to our list in another column The following IB II statement of the traffio returns of all the railway lines in operation in Victoria for the month of October, with the exception of the EsBundon, the returns of which have not yet boen published periodically - Pas | Mer congers chandiso Total Government Llno° llolbourneandllob Bon s Bay JJclboiirno and Sub-! uiban St Kilda and Brlgh 4837 OH 20071411 8785 10 11 2700 10 0| £ s d 20160 17 0 7038 5 10 2007 14 li 1020 S 1 The following eales of stations have been (fleeted during the past month : -Myer's Creek i*ndYarralatBhecpstation,nenr Sandhurst, at 17s. per head; Sandy Creek Station, in the Gip pi 1 land district, at 15s. 6d. per head; stations in New South Wales to two Victorian gentlemen lir. Thomas Darchy haB Bold to Mr. David Reid, ii the Murray, tbo Langeran, with a frontage of un miles to the Lower Lachlan, and a depth of light miles, and also two back blocks-Walgiora Plains and Muttaning Plains - on the north side of the Lachlan. With tho country aro 8,000 Bleep-price £12,000, £5,000 cash, and tho re- mainder at one and two years'. Mr. Augustus Morris has sold to Mr. Matthew Horvoy, Paika, Blation, on the Lower Murrumbidgee. AVe have said iibovo, that ia business circles, tho n onth now closing has been the dullest of the y i ar. The damaging effect of the proposod dis- turbance of our fiscal system cannot well bo tvcrstaled. The existing tariff of custom i euties is admitted to be one of the best in the world. It is clear and simple, producing ii largo revenue at a small cost of collection, and not pressing on ano class moro than another. Tho tariff proposed by the late Government, was, on the contrary, clumsy, difficult of interpreta- tion, and impracticable. Aten percent, advalorc'ii e'uty was sought to bo imposed oa " furniture, i nd materials for furniture-making ; carriages, i nd manufactured materials for the constructiou t f carriages ; manufactured timber-UB doora», v.indows, Bashes', wooden ware, ko. ; oilmen's llores, &c;, and preserved fruits, silks, satins, i nd silk fabrics, including mixed silk fa lrlcs." These aro the exact words of the cflicial document, tho looseness of which is nj-parent enough. A duty of fifteen per cent, vas proposed on musical instruments, jewellery, | lilver and gold plated »are, and watches aud clocks. | Duties were to be levied on buttor, oheeso, dried ti nits, and caudles, of 10s. per cwt. ; on vinegar, of Gd. per gallon; malt, of Gd. per bushel; en rice, of Is, Gd. per cwt. ; on cocoa, of 2.1, rer lb. ; and on confectionery of 2d, per lb. (ibo duty on tea was to be reduced one-half, while that on manufactured tobacco was to bo j doubled. Tho duty on raw sugar waa to be re I ('uced2s, per cwt. But the main feature of the ! ichemo, and the most damaging one to the re | jaiitation of Ministers, was the tariff of wharfage > rates, under which a heavy charge was sought to 1 e imposed on every article landed in the colony, go little judgement was exhibited in this tariff of eues, that it was at once felt that it could not le carried out, The commercial and trading classes activoly bestirred themselves, and a Irrgo and influential meeting of the Chambui' tf Commorce was held on the 4th inst,, and a itiies of resolutions was passed, altogother con- demnatory of the courso proposed by tho HeaUi Cabinot. Tho political bearings of the queslio-i vcio carefully ovoided. Mr. Charles Blight, tho president of the chamber, occupied the chair, ifhe first resolution, which tvus moved by Mr. Bligh and seconded by Mr. Sprigg, dcolared tho cpinion of iho chamber, that tho present income tf the colony was sufheient for all demands on it. The second resolution, moved by Mr. Jame I Spowers, seconded hy Mr. Robt. M'Mioking, was i ondemnatory of any crude changes in the tariff j.eiiorally, and of thoso proposed specially, ni likely to embarrass trade without benefiting tho re r.sumor. Tho third resolution, moved by Mr. Henry Box, and tooondod by Mr. William Hail iiiill, lepoated the often expressed feeling of the ebamber against wl valorem duties. The fourth Ktolutioii, moved by Mr. 1. S. Davis, and seconded by Mr. Bobert M'Doupal, wa» opposed to the imposition of wharfago rates for the pur, petes of general revenue. The* fifth resolution, ncved ,by Mr, ltobort Sellar, seconded by Mr. Wilson, Vtas to tho like effect as rcgaids port ii urges. Tho sixth resolution, nioicd by Mr. Lord, seconded by Mr. KOBE, ctupoivercd thj jicBidcut to petition both Houses of tho Logi« Inluro against tho proposed changes on behalt of the ebainlor. Tho resolutions were earned with lut two dissentients. Tho opinion of the chamber Vi as Riven directly against any chango being ninda In (he export duly chargeable on gold. But whil ) (ho agitation on tbis subject was going an, trade was altegethor at a stand-still. But while to the political excitement of tho timo, ir.d to the delay in the arrival of tho English (september mails, some portion of Ibu prevailing dulncss may bo traced, the groat staudintt grievnnco of over- shipments mnst not bo omitted. At the prcttiit tmif-, the Melbourne narehou'o-i * 01 c crowded with genis, and it Yiuutd le dilii J,IU I to name any one einglo article of general con lumpKon which ia not passing out of first hands st aloes. Butter and brandy aro being reshipped to the English market, by parties who have pur- chased in this. New shipments aro, however, con- tinually pouring in. The official Customs returns f cr the post week give tho imports at the port oE Velboorno at the declared valuo of £348,616, and ile exports at £442,032, the balance being in invour of the latter to the sum of £93,416. Among the exports we notice the following ar- ticles of colonial produce :-Black Rand (tin), 8 tens; bones, 4J tons; flour, 23 tons ; gold, CO,436oz. ; hay, 21 tons; hideB, 8,805 No. ; live itcck-horses, 68 No. ; sheep, 472 No. ; tallow, ?Dj tons; wool, 1,520,2851b. Specie waa im I crtcd to tho value of £30,000, and exported to i hat of £30,706. In the following table tho im I cits and exports aro given weekly for tho mirent yoar, side by side with thoso of 1860, together with the totals up to dato : Week ending Imports. April el Hay 4 » 2! ,» *s Jnly fl " l8 Aug. etpt. 111,798 872,842 222,831 580,180 476,016 104,644 168,888 434,005 102,514 834,814 287,927 801,861 201,080 106,071 421,481 821,224 160,170 479,645 460,401 177,780 242,010 163,231 83,482 300,821 216,602 806,177 280,030 248,861 125,928 85,814 140,444 98,877 617,041 229,268 93 668 209,740 640,785 817,730 243,078 277,704 291,054 460,800 176,609 236.061 288,408 149,244 1801. Exporte. 1800. £ 130,160 804,407 181,139 409,471 827,705 197.193 821,611 117,112 141,000 209,369 248,502 263,091 224,004 106,684 84,847 200,181 809,121 265,703 801,907 264,309 134,274 172,614 149,895 198,472 181,700 125,201 240,833 282,300 347,480 420,600 821,071 100,170 480,761 1-28,822 202,769 518,063 198,343 893,739 191,00/ 207,660 268,641 250,676 260,631 561,666 166,601 843,610 12,766.084 [11,384,842 110,452,771 Í10,5J6,071 £ 186,822 167,188 402,664 872.839 116,127 247,108 174,013 4811,102 229,280 269,790 205,688 178,271 188,628 220, CC0 131,004 180,053 818,030 40,083 267,481 437,988 100,101 83,716 269,151 204,864 284.216 71,402 184,870 276,122 68,043 301,026 99,871 810,838 69,810 001,047 139,800 78,730 812,774 47,011 491,762 65,464 883,712 820,133 884,163 189,732 209.816 200.307 210,340 282,142 217,230 180,693 291,043 80,825 270,010 205,267 369,003 86,101 802,286 40,987 297,021 45,871 292,781 280,272 140,975 89,482 190,877 193,670 825,096 217,223 87,801 182,925 161,770 410,500 211,670 111,300 209,218 816,001 66,852 F80.381 120,244 115,610 178,130 74 297 142,672 401,695 802,019 140 9,2 64,242 809,030 279,170 123,929 198,402 412,032 li, the first period the account stood thus : Import« _. .£12,755,084 Exports .. .. .. .. 10,452,771 raimen of Imports over exports Jn the second period : Importa . Exports . £2,308,213 .. £11,334,8-12 .. 10,615,071 ralsnce of lmportBovor exports.. .. £788,871 The following is'a statement of the stocks of . »11 dutiable poods'in bond at the port of Mel-1 1 currie on the 21et of November :-Colonial M-iritB, 1,60C bhds. ; brandy, 4,1274 linds. 41,594 I coses; ruin, 1,826 bhde. 23 casos; geneva, 59} I 1 hds,, 38,289 red 5,242 green cases ; whiskey, 7G3i bhds. 16,389 eases; old tom, 607i lihds. I 35,245 cases ; cordials, 2,G90 esses ; spirits of v ine, 78J hbds. ; other spirit*, 78 hhds. 3,508 capes ; wine, 2,174 hhds. 9,194 cases ; beor, 6,111 hhds. 4,297 cases and casks ; tobacco, 2 ¡.ids., 22 en-sks, 87 balcB, 4 tierces, l,075.t 1 nlf-tierces, 190 quarter-tierceB, 136 kegs, 5,558 Ihree-quartor boxes, 5,424j cases and boxes ; cipars,478coses; Fnuff, 70packages; tea, 25,90i chettB, 17,804 half-chests, 14,908 boxes ; coffee, 2,787 bags, 4 tierces, 44G casks, 169 barrels ; sugar, 8,859 bngs raw, 8,208 packages; chicory, c32 packages; opium, 30 cheBts 248 packages. The stock of sugar in the hands of tho Victoria Sugar Company was-Sugar, refined, 448 tons; jew, 897 tons; in process, D12 tons ; treacle, 371 tons: total, 2,228 tons. Tho following is a statement of tho Customs' rt venue for the entire colony, specifying tho different dutiable artioles, and showing tho -.mounts collected therefrom during the first ten months of the prer-ent year (1861) : Januiry. £ s. 60,456 10 1 1,801 8 9 17,837 16 6,u9!> 7 33 l8 14,033 19 2 300 0 0 16,252 IO 0 1,224 l8 0 8,354 16 7 6,179 14 9 13 14 24,704 8 6 I February. £ F. d. 47,913 11 1 1,816 5 0 10,322 !4 0 1,365 12 0 37 0 0 8,245 12 10 150 0 0 13618 19 9 1717 4 4 2,501 13 6 3 624 16 0 S 3 0 14,565 6 0 106,165 1 6 £ s. d. 17,S64 17 10 6,726 19 2 17 3 8,275 4 9 tiOO 8 O 2,433 16 7 1,994 17 6 42 8 O 18,431 16 3 97,986 1 8 April. 67,117 7 8 1,4£6 12 6 13,356 8 O 2,664 12 8 43 16 0 11,265 10 11 150 13 4 9,799 10 6 1.S00 17 4 2,92a 14 4 3,519 l'i 5 6 15 6 23,330 1 5 »ay. £ s. 67,367 7 119 10.153 7 1.9S9 4 2 822 1 4.081 O 123,009 8 7 £ s. d. 48,179 13 11 077 6 O 10.840 S O 1,257 0 8 36 l8 0 4,720 2 i 150 O O 9,315 9 6 85615 2 2,672 39 8 3,854 15 9 17.50Ï19 9 100,096 7 S £ s. à. 65,463 16 8 1,350 3 10 12 333 4 6 756 6 6 40 6 O 9,152 13 3 11 3 6,161 S 6 1.287 O 10 2,231 17 3 7,299 O C 5 10 20,130 13 1 115,295 3 1 August. £ s. ri. 63,971 10 O 1,332 6 3 11,941 Î9 0 1,672 9 10 9 1-0 6,582 6 1 150 O O 12,202 4 C 1,739 1 2 2,911 1 1 9,033 13 10 2 10 O 22.288 1 8 123,811 2 11 September. £ a. d. 9,474 19 4 1 16 1 3,902 10 û 977 9 6 2.959 15 4 6,819 4 2 18,991 l8 11 £ B. d. 46,125 6 11 I 2/-S2 6 3 20,924 16 6 | 6,867 7 38 S 0 I 13,002 17 7 | 15113 8,613 10 6 1,562 10 8 10.932 19 O 6,600 6 4 7 16 16,869 16 133,679 17 4 Monthly average of revenue for tho »tovoptniod .£li7,865 17 It Hocicase upon the average dunng the month of September. 23,817 2 7 Increase upsn the average during the month cfOo'.obor . 15,813 19 5 The Insolvency Circular for the month oE October gives a recapitulation of the insol viney business. At tho Melbourne Court 110 schedules wore filed, and at tho Geelong Court 41. ,The liabilities of tho 110 Echodulns f led in Melbourne amounted to £49,700, and the caminal octets, so far us tboj ure slated, to about i ne-half that sum. Tho ostatcs generally wura ironll, 84 under £100, and 32 between £100 and A3C0. In eleven cstate'sthe liabilities weic abova £1,000. Tho^tradcs and ciillin,.sof the insolvents iray be elasMfied thus :-laccoitnlant, 2 nguit-a,3 i lakers, 3blacksmiths,lbooki-ellcr, 1 bookkeeper, 1 bonrdinghouBc-keeper, 3 butchers, 1 bitildi r, 1 lullock^drivcr, 3 carpenters, 1 cabinetmaker, l' cub-driver, 3 carters, I chomii-t, 1 cleik, 1 clergy n an, 1 contractor, 1 commiwion-agent, 1 customs r-fent, 4 farmers, 1 fruiterer, 2 gardeners. 1 i;oi tit man, 1 hawker, 9 labourers, 1 law clerk, 16 ni ners, 1 pouudkeopcr, 6 publicans, 1 photo 1 laphcr, 4 restaurant-keepers, 15 btorekeopcre, 1 f ihoolmistrcssr-2 Boliettois,' 1 squatter," 2 stone- j naEons. 2 tailors, 1 tinsmith, 1 timber dealer, 1 ¡tey dealer, 1 watchmaker, 1 wheelwright. Thai liabilities and assets ure not stated in many of the schedules filed in Geelong, but with three ex- ceptions the liabilities involved oro small. Tito ti odea and callings of the insolvents may bo thus classified:-1 boardiughouse-keoper, 5 butchers, 1 builder, 1 cabinetmaker, 1 carrier, 1 clerk, 2 coach drivera, 1 chemist, 1 draper, 3 farmers, 1 fruiterer, 2 labourers, 6 miners, 1 newspaper proprietor, 1 iqcnirjimin, G publicans, 1 restaurant-keeper, 1 I addier, 2 storekeepers, 2 timber dialers, 1 ) v-heelwright. Eighteen assignments for the'i tencfit of creditors were registered. Duidcndb . vere declared in nine, and plans of distribution ' vere submitted in thirty-two estates. A large i umber of accounts wero brought into court i concerning estates yielding no dividend. Carti I fciiteB were granted to twenty-four lnsolteuts, luspcaded to two, and refused to one. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PEICE3 OUKRENT. < The Argus Office, Saturday Evsnlng. Al the depnrtnro of tho last mail, tho cond lion of out markets for Importol goods was unrcttlid r.nd un latlífactory. 5ho possibility of tho ennrtmont of prctectivo duties, tho Imposition of t hiring» rites, i ed a genoral alteration of tho tariff, ->ddotl to the gloom which bad GO long overshadowed tho market?, and materially Intoiforod with trado generally. Tho settlement of tbo o mutters, however, by the defeat of the late Ministry, has removed tho apprehension of the troposed alterations, and business has again resumo 1 itt ordinary routlno Tho intelligence hy the mall of tho declino In shipments from the homo market", to ire extent of £200,OCO for the month, has ice! to H omi 1 opes being ontoitslned by tho ovcrburdo-itd liol ¡o-a of merchandise It apponred to be felt atlast, tint tho ad ticca fromthlcsldobadlniouiemctcurc mo' twontloi 1 rices hava not hoon iiulucncad, nor could that I o nii l clpatod, wi h tho Ion-, accumulated stockton hsnii, Lut should shipments lontinuj on a moderato sMl», m Improvement might cccur. Speen uti ii lias not I cen created certainly, but a regular Blend) demand icr direct consumption appears rcttiig lu, an'l lliero seema every prospect of a Mr summer tindo onBulng. Couutij business liiruproimg, anil ccnslderably moro confidence is reposed lu thvt trineh of trailers; mall} smtll dealers, wifioatmoaui el surviving trade losses, hato been swept ntviy i(Mainly, but thoso who'o means have oiiibl d thom lo carry on, and outlito the panic on thorold field* tamed by tho lato extensivo rush to Olaf ", uro thi ii oro flrnily established, and doing a better irsdo, but at latoi which do tot enablo tho importei to Uro. II e prevailing opinion, and which mueli tends towards Ho better feeling exhibited, is, that «liipmiute will ccntlnue on amedcrato scale, as, with tho li» rata ? f monev ruling ia England, and the interruption of ttcde with America, it was only roaaomblei to for that exports to Australia mieht lum lu- cie esc J Inetcad of diminished, and bavir-goneodeino so, it is greatly to bo hoped tho sarao ex'eni cfir.cl .Mun nay be continued. Tills, howotor, rcstB willi sblppora lliimtclvrs, and wo tau but repeat wh>l no bava so often pointed out that both prices and inarkctu hero tie entirely in their hands, and that so long as oxcot sito r-hlpitenta continue to bo mido, io long will uxatiouB sales and lomos havo to bo homo by tbo-n. As already intimated, lliero has boon but fotv lliiclut lie DBin price. Brae ely has been dealt In to a considerable! extent, and still isln good inquiry at steadily advancing ii tes. Ge'iievji is, lu great meaiure, scp-rseding the nie of old trin, aud many art'cles, tho production of vlilch Is coi lineally increasing In thoso colonie«, aro, c1 course, ihutlig oat Imported descriptions, and i mder cuitl ,n ncco sary on the part or shipper«. I rnoccht the ni (roods bacon, hams, butter particu 1 ilj, jain«, p.ckles, and confoctionery, am prominent, i id no doubt no long the list will be considerably m utssed. nilli these remarks, wo proccod to inoro icialled particulars of tho leading atildes ni general i resumption ¿slo and Porter -Inquiry for bulk tis 1 OB improved, ospeelalij lix Bin's, tho stock of which items getting low. Palo bitter sie for summer u»e ia clio Improving, and likewise but modorately held lu I ulk st, mt hut little ia doing ; bottled boo» aro 1 tavlly stocked and soiling at low rutes-demand \i I j no moans acttto, but as tho warm > eather set» in, in proved inquiry may fairly bo expected, although HU ibipmonls cf this anido continuo large, no advance Is t aluo can bo reokoncd on. AU.-Bass's Ko. 8, now, £8 10a. ; AllBopp'a now, ¿8 6B. to £8 10 . ; otbor Burtoo brewers', £7 par Ibu. ; Joule's atouo, £8 6s. ; Tennent'a, £7 6s. per ltd. ; Bytss's, bottled, 9s 3d. ; Allsopp'», 9a. Gd ; other bottlers', 8s. Od. to Os. Btout- Utst brandi, lb 10s. ; Allaopp's £6 10*. ; other brouers', £5 Ka per hhtl ; bottled, Byais's, 9s. 6d ; Allsopp'«, loltlcd by Friend, quarts, 10s ; other bottloifl', 8i. (d. to 9a. Cd. per doion ; Barclay's portor, bottlod 1} Friend, quaits, 10a ; pinta, none In market. littra and lackp.-Tho season for tbo demand of y c o packs draw Ing to a close, pi icoi aro declining, and nie» reported «t Si Od, caca, Xhreobuhel satin are iclher iniprot lug In inquiry, lu anticipation of tho 11 ivcst requirements, but pricr-B, owing to 1 irgo stocti s, no unimproved, ana cannot bo quutid it abovo 10j Id to 10s. Od per dozen. Butter -Largo qumtltlos aro on hand, dolly iloto r'e rating, both in quail y aud valuo ; and as »uppllos aro lilli coining for«ord, serious losses must ensue. Til3 talo of a uowly landed parcel 1B ropertcd at tho vutthod price of 7d. pcrlb ; but as co'onlsl mado neill is bringing but little abovo that Uguie, no higher ii.to for imported li likely to ho obtalnoil, and ti« icccislty for Importation of this arllcloma) bo con- sidered as clCBCd , Landlos -ïho large quantities of spotted and oth»r «1st dau-Bgcd cnuitles, which havo so long prejudiced the prices of sound sort», nppoar at length lo ne cleared off. mid prlcos, especially BIUCO tho nisll'a ail t'c-ec, aro firmer, altliongh, so long as tho Nota Com l ilj continue scllleg In miall quantitios at H'd. pur It'., no great imnroument in other brands ian hi ox iicicd. Quotation« aro-Neva stcaiiue, ll'd.; But ne nt sperms, IBJel J t gilby and Hales', lid. to 181d. jer lb Canvas - Dcmai d continuea Inconsiderable, and call parcels only aro saloablo, at frcinls 2d. ta is. SJcl for tho better qualities, and Is per yard for li i ilium sort» lirneut Is plentifully Blocked, and the market dull st nnolterca prlcoi- quotations nre: Koraan, 13 .; roiUaLd, 16s to 17s. nor barrel Cods are ralbcr llnncr in price, best Jietvctstlo (H.bYr\\), intlio Hay, oro worth S8i>. per to»; bus j lentiful sut piles aro rinso at baud, and with tho coin jitiatlvcly light ronsumptlcn usual curing suuimor, esslor rates aro looked lor. Of English household the ixa kct lu b^ro. Coiatcctiene y is not ixcesslvely Btooliiil, bat de- ll hnd for Inivoricd la now very trifling. Holilor» geno 1 lally ask lOd , but tr.!cshave hecn made at Od. ptr lb Cordigo.-Theru Is mere dtinard for Wanilla rope lent lines nre scarce, and wanted, Tu Ino support» jilees, but ii, of slow ¡tilo Quotations, aro !-Kuropo, UO to £83 ; ltmslhD, £40 ; coir, £80 te £33 ; JluullU (sumac). £6u per ton; shop twine, 10d.; tvvluo, iewiig,12¡d lo 13d. per lb. Drugs.a- laitaiiu ucid, cream of lartsr, and car- in ato of BoJ», tiro In bitter inquiry ; sulphur fl aur 1 ss alto improved, sud talou turtle at from 21s, lo 22a ter cwt. boda crystals iurthcr dod ning. Stocka a:i> very extensive, and prlco3 Bctrn he poleas of imprévu n mt, bales iat roweiphts aro roportid st £7 10s. pol- len Beda nil li alto dull of Bale. In chest opium, Lui little doini»; prepared, is in rather better demand : talcs have born readout frtfm 27s. to 27s Oil, por canister. (,uotatloii8am:-i'puiu, Pallin, £270 per cliest,duvy 1 «id ; prepared, 27s. to 28s. per caniator ; Boda eryn iona, £7 10B ; soda a'h, £13 ptr ton ; sulphur ibur, ils. to 22s por cwt ; carbonato seda, 10s. and 2)i. pir cwt. ; tartarlo acid, 2s. Cd. fer lb. liartheuwuro.-Cups and saucers aro scarce, nut wonted. Plates arc also in demand, but for all other deicripticns of waro, thoro is little or no inquiry Fi&b;, dried and salted.-Demand is still Vatry dull, ard only rnia'l parcels of prime quality can be move J oil'. Ling, primo, is quoted at 4Jd, por lb ; herrings, ted, 18s. to 19s. por dozen tins ; whlto, lu Arkins, 10c lulls.-lu tin«, fli. to 0s. Od. Flour, Grain, &o.-Tho; market fur floor hu ti rough out tho uionthcontliuicd completely prostrate J On the verge of harvest, wo find, notwithstanding con ti iii y aiBcrtlens mudo up to tho middle cf thoyuar, I'tintlful su.iplioj lu South Australia, continued shlp n cnts dropping in from California and Chill,loth hero aid in Sydney, und generally, wo belli vu, In all th J Australian colonies, crops, fully up to tho average 1 ctnand of courso ii «toady fur consumption, but even ] usent low rates will not induce oither the trado tu iiivctl or speculators to enter the market, and with ti c first.samplca of new wheat at mtirkct, even lower ir,tiB aro probable. Wheat IB,\ of courte, similarly i n ditioncil,and consequently withoutprolmMllty of im- proved value. Oats aro going freoly into consumption at steady prices. About 10,010 bushels ol Californian Lavo met a ready silo tt full »tee. Colonial arc In go%! i cqueet abo, and Scotch, Irish, Danish, &e;, Mihough i ot quite in equal request, aro improving in ilemaii-. 'a he new crop will new bo shortly lathe market, but wiM tit almost cessation of home shipcuonU, prices*T liku \ le advance, the only probability of a check ¡whig the i lOBfibllityofexcoiBlvo supplies from California coming I lo hand. Burley continuos dull ; maize, steady I . i rice, but not In particular inquiry. Grim ia licKl lor better ratos, tho prices at prtsont procurable beim, li tuûloicnt, it is reported, to pay cost mid charge Halt is firmer in price ; tho reduced shipments ami lurcmer demand for Imported are improving its valuv ind advanco In price li anticipated. Quotations aro . -Flour.-Tasmanian, £10 ice. to £11 j Adelaide, £.) lo £12 ; superflue, £18 ; Californian, £10 ",CB. pci len; United Statos, 88B to 30s. per bairel Wbo.u \- Colonial, 3s. Oil to 4s. ; Adelaide, 1B Eil. to Is. Id ; Californian, 4B to 4s. 8d. per bueliol. Oats- IrU'i ard Scotch, 8». Id. to 3a. Od ; Californian, 3i lCd. t. 4s, ; colonial, 4s. 6d. to Is. Oil. por bushel. Barley. -Malting, Cs. Od.; focdlng, 3s. öd, to 3s. 7d. p.a Lushol. Wnlzo, Sydnoy grown, CJ. to 6a. 2d. per buolval liait, 10s, 3d. to 10s, Od. "Gram, £16 per ton Kali: trial, £16. Peas meal, £34 per ton. Scotch oatmca cull of bale, at from £10 lo £19; colonial, £25 pt. ten. Fruits, dried.-Tbo announcement of lljht ah!,a nents havo improved the market, and ilmud prii » Currants and raisins, as usual at tim apt ruaob o (hrlstmas, aro In bettor demand. Dessen frultu ar Icing influenced by tho fresh sorlB now Hiring ¡ai. ind will again shortly fall into comparativo iii H ice. Quotation«aro!-Almonds, Jordan, li lil. ; soi. ilell, Gd.; currants (t'atris), SJd. toSJd, ; ranina yuseatols (layers), 7d. to 8d.; Capo, (new) (iii. to Oin. Irc-nch'plums (bottles), 8d. to lOd. ; Air», 4Jd. to di . 1 nrcelona nuts, Id. to 5d. j dried applos (.unoriciiu.' t, d. toljd. pcrlb, ' Hnrdwaro and Ironmongery.-In tlioio poods tho-, h no alteration to report. Tho trado ure fully stockcJ ii d cannot bo leduc-ru to purchase Hops oro in few lund», and well hold ; demand li i In proved, and with light supplies coming, ortvano .? lateB are expected. Koot and Sussex, 1800, an i,uotcd at Is. lid. to 2s. per lb. ; 1859, Is. Od. la, le. Od. Crecerlos-Tho niarkot for teas ia quiet, tbo oui. quttllticu fur which thoro la anything appt caching l.a quit y aro of tlio better classes. Meeks tra heavj Int coiasltt moitly of the lower kinds. Oolloo is ii 1 ut moderato dennnd ; tho market is well supplie 1 n.d for tlio, lower sorts prices are rutiler cavío tugara aro in alcaily ilomand, at firm priées, thoU islcs uhowlng au advance of from 2fs, in 80s ptr to in former rutes. Tho Sugar RaHiiIng Ceiupsny ar. ¡ho cblei hulili rn ol the botttr sorts of Ucmeljioro, whl. '. hie firm in prices, llleo la dull of sale, Inquiry llg'.t md prices unsettled. Quotations oie:- Teas (due. itid).-Congou, good ordinary' >o One, at" 10', to ¡Bi- ter chest; infeiior to orjlr.arj, £5 to £7 per cheal, l.vEonskiu, £6 par chest; gunpowder, 8s, to 3s. ¡JJ. . inpciial,2». Cd. to 2s. Od. ; hyson, S.s 8d. to 2d. Cil . i range pekoo, scouted, it. 3d to 2s. Od. per lb. Oofta > tin bond) -Ceylon plantation, Od. to 10o. ; native. Tal to 7Jd. ; Java, 7d. r*r lb. Sugar. - Cooslporo, No. 1, 47s. ; Mauritius, low to Ano yellow, 85a. lo 10s. ; lo - lo fine brown, 82s. to 84a. por ewt. Bice, l'atn«, non, £1110s. to £10 per ton. ' Ouiipowdor.-Tho stock is heavy, and, r.s full cup piles are on tho way, no improvement can ho look.-1 lor, although holders aro somewhat firmer, lllaatln, i it quoted at from fijil. to 7Jd rer lb. Jle-tala.-Bar ai d rod iron oro dull of ai'o, with var, hievy st.ctu. Oi- iiigitolgalvauiz di»lu M'lu miry «id pilcos aro flrrr.er Stocks, hîwovcr, arc largo, anT 11 uand IB Ibu!t-n. til o', lead is all hut untatcablo j tie- absouoo of buildingoptrstiODSrendering doman I 11 11 Ziuo rcmaina dull of salo.and Is ia plentiful supplj, 1InplateBarolowor.niid.oontinulngtocorneiorward.ar ) ritf.cultof «ale. Both anglo and T Iron very unsalcabli. Quotations aro- Morewocxi'a patent corrugated galvai . .ico tinned,24 anti 26 gaugos, £86 per ton; Moro wood ? corrugated galvanized, No. 2, or untinneei, £83 10.. do. ; Tupper'« do., £88 10a. do. ; Hamilton's or othe : English maker's, JíiSáo.; Scotch, £80 to £31 do.; Korcwood'sgalvanized ttuncO.plain,26and 23gauge;, £40 do. J Tupper's, IT other Engllib maker's, £38 do. : t cotch do., £35 el j. ; rod and bar, best StniTordshir i t lands, BOB, £10 do. ; do., Scotch, £910«. do.; piste, ¿l8 do.; snoot aborted, £15 do ; anglo anilT, ¿30 do.; hoon, £12 do. ; pig, £4 10s. do. ; Swedish i o sale. Load-Pipo, aswrtod silos, £28 to £29 do. ; sheet, - milled, assorted, £24 do. ; Bhot, ataortoe, £30do.- Quicksilver, la. Sd. por,1b. Steel-Bllato , £2 6s. perowt, ; cant, £210s. do. Tin-Block, Is. 01, to la, 9d. por lb. ; plates, charcoal, IO, plates, chu. teal, IX, 1!J per coat, advance. Wiro-Fonclngl Hack, £16 per ton ; gElvanbwd, Nos. 1 to 6, £18 d3. Kino-Boiled, light, £80 do.; do. nails, £28s. to £|! KB perowt. Oilmen's Stores -Tbore is at length some dorrreo o ! £1 roncas exhibited in those IÍOOJB, and even a dispoti t on towarda advnnco in prices, moro particularly ii i alad oil, tardine«, and pickles. Stocks by dojrc'ts ir i i lowly working down, and ae coming euppltos an D cíe moderate, au improvement may f»lrly b i tircctod. Oysters are cot lug scarce. Quotation ¡ i re :-Blue, thumb, 10J-I por lb ; currie powder i UBrti, 13s. to Ila. per acton; fruits, bottlod, qaarts 10«, do.; jams and jellies, lib tins, lu. do., le baten, lib. tins, Amorlcan, 8s Od. do.; niacaroin 71d. per lb ; vernlcelli, white, Naples and Genoa, f ii, do ; mustard, in bulk, Ko 2, 8Jd do. ; do , in lib Lotties, 12s 6d. perde zen ; do , lu jib bottlos, 8s do ; eatmcal, £10 to £20 por ton: oysters, preserved, lib tina, Us per dozen, do, 21b. tins, 17a to 20B do 1 Ickle«, quart«, 10s to 11B. Od do ; do, pints, 8; Cd do ; preserved moats, 21b tins, -wanted ; sala . eil, pints, Us por dozon ; da, half-pints, 8s Cd do. ; salmon, prosorvod, lib. tins, 17s do PBidinea, halves, 10s Cd. do. ; do, quarteri 7B do ; Biuce«, assortoil, half-pints, 8s. do ; di W orccaUrshlro (Lea and Pcrrin's), 12s to 12s 01 do ; starch (dolman's) 6Jd, per lb ; virogar, browi (Champion's 21), lie lOel. per gallon ; do , concón tratod, quart«, Ds to 10B por dozen ; white wino, Is 0J to la 9d. por Kallon. I Oils, Paints, 4.0 -Tho excessive shipments o linseed oil appear at lenclh to bo checked, and thi ) rice Is Armor Turpentine hat become light In stook in d is In inquiry White lead is largely stocked, a l tilth paints of all sorts li dull of sale Prices are - Lnsccdoil (raw), 3B 61 , belled, 8« 9d , eolzi Sr , Chinóse, 4s lid io ¿s , turpentine, Sa. po gillon Wblto lead,bort 88B., rod load, 80s perowt Provisions -Bains and bacon, of prime quality aa ce nditlon, aro cf moro ready salo os is usually til erie during tho summer months thecxo is in mo ci rato domand, Ine ulrv Is however, confined to bn qvalitiesonly, inferior and ill eoniltionod being du if salo oven at disproportionate prices Quotation i aie - Bacon-Varey s, J Id Blnolalrs lljd to ll}d : Ccmpton», lOJd ti lid Haras-Varey s 12Jd ; thclalrs,12id., Cumberland 10'd to lid , lYoit rbilla, 7jd to 8d por lb Ohceso-Double Ulouo« tor Is. to Is Id , wiltshire, 10'd to lid Ch mitro Is toi« 2d , Goud-i, 7d to 8d porlb Pork-Irlel. mets, £4 6s to £4 10n por barrel, beef, £4 pe ' tierce Palt -Advices of tho f xccsslvo shipments bat 11 lowered pilcos. Coarse may bequotod dull ot¿J;l f ne, at £3 Cr. ; and ns tbo salting reason has close i r o early Improvement is proLuble lu price-». 1 ¡dates are In viry limited Irqulrj, und prices unlx i 1 roved. For countesses not above £18 5s to £18 10s is procurable, auet lorothci sizes proportionate rates r phils -At abou i the dato of the depnrturo of tin laut mall, tho brandy ri.arhot, owug to ordera forth Fjdnoy marl.ot having orme forward, -was somewha fimcr, but on their execution the markot rclapist ittll a low dayB before the arrival of tho English mall when speculative li quir aroso, unaccompanied, how ever, by any amount of transaotlons. lho Kngllsl advices, however, at oueo stroog.rcucd prlcoi, am ti cío aro now buyers ol Uanoi! sat 10,1 8d. Ferme lint Improvement dependa entirely on the suppl; leming forward, not up m any advance in price li ( cgnac, for should shipments continue equal to con mmptlon, and pile 10 chacea of working dowr j resent heavy ¡.toel.H, prices will again, lu ii ) rotmbillty, doolire Hum lins quito given ii mder tbo excessive shlpmonls arriving at ni cnsnlcablo season Geneva lisa rallie! m pria-o consumption Is e-xUuslve, and sucks, with .mj icisatlon ol amta's aro soon diminished Wl lskey ii in rather more Inquiry Old tomalUl very dull, am li, declining use. Qiii'tuions mo.-(In bond) P landy, M&rtcU;'u elark, IO i 3d. to 10s Od per galba 1.1 nnossy'a do, 10» lo 10.» 31 per Rall MI; palo, Ils id ; OU d'«, 9s. Od do , U.V. Proprietors' iii !r Se). J Champagne Vineyard Proprliioru' Company 'i e'o, palo, 11s, do ; Yincgrouot»', 10s do, ; otlm It anil i do, 6t. to 8-a. do , palo, War toll's, ils 01 do ; do, do , or tienne») V, 80o. per d02.11 c. te ; do, X7. V. Proprit tors', £0s do ; Vluo linwers', 24t- do ; Clmnipagiao Vineyard Pro plietora' Cnrnpiny'B, 23s do ; Olouzeau's, 20» do Leneva-JDKiS or kasy brand, 12» Gd po four galtir i ic; do, do, 7ai Od per hill ceo; do, oihei 1.1 s ntl», 10s, to 13s per ease Gin-London old tom hi el brands, 2s. Gd per gallon ; do , do, Us Oil pot ilricn. Rum-I'.nst Indis, "0 to 33 o.p , 1B Od to 2s .d per gallon; Wut ludia, 10 to 12 op., 2 91 te 8B do.; do, 20 to 10 o p , Ss 3d do. Whukai \- Irish, Mohan's, i.¡ 0d. do ; (¡coteh, best, la, 0.1 di. ; do, boat brand-, 123. pirdoMi u»so Timber -I'loo ing boards aro toinewlut firmer Stocks In tho Yartla mo n t bc- ivj, anil with light ship nents, pilccswill niproto willi any iucroaso vrlstii) in demand DOÍIÜ ure firmer in prices», and in mon liqutry. Anxric-.n lumber unaltered ; stocls wol lupplled, Ihu following uro quotttiona.-Orogon ¿8 10s. to £0 10 i por 1,00t foot Cedar-LogB 12u. to 26» per lu J feet; beards, 1-inch um ipwanls, 83d to lil. pear foot supei. Lumber aue li olving, £10 10» tu x12 10s pu 1,000 foet. Dell -Beti, 9x8, 61il tv 5Jd pel feus; 11 x 8, 7d iii. Scotch prepared floirlnir, 0 x 11, IJil pel loot ; 6 x J, lgd. alo , 0 x j, l{d da ; Ox a), ll.il to. Fitch or hurd pine, 1-lnih, £16 p-r 1,0J0 fo.it 5J-lnch, £16 do Char fine, 1 hieb, £10 IO £20 pal 1 000 feet Tobacco.-Ihc nm'jimt if business doing continuel rr ode ralo, although, us elC£ler»'stocks tv erk o!T, inqulr) 11 commences. Iio'di-rn in tbo moan time aro contuni io awall buyira' lime, knoiting I hey mutt como tt Demis lion com pul led bj reduced stocks to replenish. Holders' prlcoi nio abneit as fobow:-T*-lst.-\\-Bir- le tf« anchor hub) fit 3* ; good ordintry and utistidc liands, 2<i 3d. to 2-, Od, ; Inferior, 2a.; half-pound lumps, Is. 8d. to 2s. ; do,, Hitit, 8J. to äs. OU ; 10'd, Is. Od to Is 9d. p;rlt>" lu bond. Wines -Foils aiisi sherdon of sound medium qna'l tics aro In better inquiry, and a tai- amount of bint ress hni beru transuded. Pomatidfor light winesI just commencing, but líricos apparently arc likely tú Hilo low this icason. Pi lees aro quoted as follow: tlluty paid.)-Port, £a0 to £76 pi-r pipo, 18s, M 40». por dozen ; sliuiry, £81) lo £70 ; amontlllado Co , £100 to jkillO per butt, 16B. to 36s. por donan ; thamoagno, 20s. to Ufid. ; cUret, 16s. to 001. psr doten, MELBOURNE MARKETS. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23. THK MlhLU. A hotter trido bai boen doing in flour towards the oso of the week, tho low pilcos having induced tho trsdo to purchase moro frocly, Quotations aro: Flno flour, £11 ti £11 10*. per tou ; bran, li. 81. per bushel; oatmeal, £25 per ton. Whoat-Vlu terian and Tasmanian, ia. Od. to Is. ; South Australian, Is. to 4>. 3d, por bushel. ItKTAlñ MA.BKIIT8. Batchers' Meat,-Bcof, 2d. to 6d. por lb. ; muttoo, f d. to sjd. do. ; yeal, 6d. to 9d. do. ; pork, 8d,to 91. do. Poultry.-Turkeys, 7s. to 9s. each ; geoio, J41, tolde, per pair; ducks, 7s. to 8s. do.; fowls, f i, to 7a. do. ; rabbits, 4s. (k1, to 5s, por braoe ; butter, f osh, lOd. to Is. Id. per lb. ; eggs, Is. 6d. lo la. 91. I cr doran; milk, Od. per quart; bread, Cd. to 7>1. the 41b. loaf. - ' HAT MABKBÏ. Messrs. Butler and Moss supply tho subjoined ro joit:-"Thcio ha* been a fair supply of n0w hay, vhlch is no» hollier generally consumed; and llttlo ii qulry for old, at ro lucrd rates. Wo havo sold, at1 Hie following ratos: Hott old, £6 to £7; Inferior ant it'eord, £8 10 e. to £6; now trussed, £6 to £tl;l lundlos, £8 10s. to £4 les ; straw, £2 to £210s." E&ST1CKK; MARKET. Vcgotablos of all tho Boasonablo varieties, and olhor I roduco, woro in the usual abuudanco hero this morn ii it, and s very brisk tindo done. A lew ex'ra fine e abbsges fotohcel ai much as Oí. por dozen, bu* our quotations indícalo tho avciago prices. Poa» woro lu Irlr supply, and ver-mileablo. Potatoes wero rather a drug, asweru ni«) cherri-n. Sauio growers ufthu lntttr, who so'.ii early, wcro fortunato enough to II »lito Del. to 10J. per lb , hut this was exceptional, al cut half that amount being the pricos going, with i dull sale, nmny lots bolng unsold at tho closo of ti o mullet Ttio fbllowh g woro tho rating prices ; Vi Kotables -Globe artichoke», Is. ed. to 8«. pur de ¡ten: aspara-rus, Is;:. to lis. Od. por 100; beans (Iroad), Id. to Ud. por lb. ; beet, Is. per dosen; I ouquota, 4s. to 12». por dozen ; cabbages, la. Od, to 00\. per doten ; ctr: .ti, Od. to Is, per dozen bunches; iMillflonci«, 1«. Oct. to Gc per doten; crass, curled.Is. urdczan bunch va ; do., sitôt, Od. to la pet dozen ponchos; cuoiiiuln-ic(lemt; spino), 2a to 6a. per braco; ) orhoradlsh,9d p.r bundle ; leeka, Od. to Od per dusoit > uiichci; lettuce, Sd to 2i. per dozen ; marjoram, 01, I cr dosen' bbiichcw ; mint, 0.1, to Is. par dosiiii lunchta;-aril-mi (ilncd), 4d. to Bd. por lb. ; do. I (ruell), 8d. to 9J, per docou bunches; paraloy, O'. ! i ti doten bundie» ; parsnips, Is. to 1B. Gd, per iloson turónos; puf, ljd. o 21. por lb ; pénateos, it.0Ú. to 4s. Od. PT otvt ; lo., .vomit;, 7s. lo 10s per ow(, ; ii'llih. 8d t(i lOil prr doaon liunohes ; rhubarb, Is. .lil. to Si', per drzr-n bunches; Bago, Is. pur i'fs*n buiiobfs, splniuli, lil, tü ljel. por Hi; II routs, Is. por dozen ; thymo, Od. per donan 11 nebe» J turnips, lo 11 2«. per dozen hundios. Iriiitf.-Oherrica, 4il. to Od, por lb. ; troosoborrlís, id. lo6d. porquait ; ctrtwbtrrlos, Is. to Is. Gd. per lb, Daily Produce-nutter, Od, tolOJd. per lb. jduoks, In. per pair; egg:-, lo. 3d. to IB, Od. por dozia ; mu, 12s. per piir; hen», 8i. to OÍ. por p.tir; i terrona, 2a. per p»'r : pork, 8d. per li). ; rabbits, ti. lo 8s Od. per pair ; sucking pigs, 7s. to fli, oao'a ; tiikeiyo, 14s. to lOi per pur. WOOl,, TALLOW, HIÖE3, &c; MearB Goldbrini.li and (Jo, give tim annoxoil ro ] lit :-" Wini -Umii'-i tbo pat month ih^ro hu I len alargo ainoinr. < t luslin-istransuc ed, although i til sa much as we lr ii i ho pleasure cf reporting r,% ilo corresponding: p'rto! of lailtc-nr, the-clip lininir liter, mid the -Ht-p s lion ol' grow,» to miot Mu li ii lût less evident Tho uuotlu i tales huvo boan v.ill atlmdod, ami, nUhvugli bnjont have acted with' mitton, still pucos f T first o'.aia HOC'-H liavo um up in within a s>i'du n' inst. »oatcnV ral«', omi ollp | leallsing hy public riirpctiiioa 2s. Id. per lo Thru) ) (.li quotations havu Inducod several SIOKSM wini ! 111 templatcd shlpplm,* to the boin* niaiket li sill | I til-, so that the quantity for Eulo will nul bj far ' i It'll of last season. Ckud flocks, us UiUaJ, li tv J I uunnvmledi moBt aUcnllcm, and many grower i1 vlme clips have hUheito been but of an in 'iifruont character now evince every doilro to. ii i tt the prrsont demand, and havo exortod them-, nins to such s-n extent that, lu soma csko«, tho i . i eitlen, and consequently the value, Is lmprovod lo the'extent of from 21 to Bd. peril). On the other 1 anil, som*) brands »li'r-.h hato litthorto horn catrorly tonghi aficr, from their woll-lnovin supciiodty, aie notneailyio m ;! rBV.o have» noticed; but, ta'clogr tho clip ou tho whole, It compires favourably will» any shipped from here. Inferior to average lots har* tecn woll supported, though aot to the samo extent r» tupcrlor description!:, and the prices given havo been quito as high as tho prospects of the home niaa-liut warnnt. Greasy wools havo been almost onllroly taken for econring In tbo colony,-tho o«poilenco eü' previous peseona. causing buyer« to bo shy oí pur- chasing unwashed woola for Bhipmont For wojl O' »li qualities tho demand throughout the month h-.ss teen good, which li, doubtl^s, to a proH ex-oit. »tltlbutablo to thodeslro ef buyers to purchase for tija*. February eales lu London, several first class ships, t» .)'uilingthoMar!»nMooro,8coUl.hChlef,Kooil»Uoo:i!»> fotherby, and Quoin of Nations, bring »bout to Bait, with full cargoes. The following ihlps havo ebaroeî fiom this port duiing the month with wool on board ; -November 15. Moravian, for London, 2,809 bvlos - November 10, Monarch, fir London, 1,001 do,; So v cniber 28, Lightning, for Llvoi pool, 8,200 do. ; total, 7,070 do. Prices Current ¡-Superior fleece, 1». lOd. t> Ja. Id. ; middling lo goo:), Is. 7d. to la». Od.; inferiar to ordinary, 1B. le, to Is. 0d. ; d". do., greasy, St!. v> lad ; good to superior, lOd. to lljd.; «tipari x icoured, hot wat'r, 2s. to 2?. 2d ; do., ol* water, la 8d.tols. 10d.; ordinary do., li. Id. to 1«. OX Hallow.-Tho market Ia very qu.ot, with but Utils Inquiry for shipment. Ino colonial d«mnnd ia aloo vny limited, »nil noaily all that is produced Is skippys io ¡bo home market on sellera' account. Wo quiao Beef, £32 to £31; mixed, £31 to£30; mutton, JiSef. to £40. Shipmonts aro~l'J7 caskB, por Monarch ; S ii casts, per Lightning. Bides.-Wo nave not heard oí" any transactions for shipment durlna» tho past m mt:», but prices remain about tho same as last quote i vie,, lía. 6d. to 14s each, for Urga lots In s.ilpplniç order ; ind, judgb.g from tho ti nor ef our last adview liona iho home U-UIKOI, those prices mo not calculavj>. to Induce much IIUBIUCIU" Messrs. J. li. Clough and Co.'as roport is as ault joined:-'. Wool-ejur last roport was on Iho 26atria nit,, since vvl Ich about 18,000 bales hive boen sa'o tnltted to public compiiillion In Um lli-ltoiitni' umS Coolong marlu ts, tho bulk of which has been sold -w prlces ruling, for greasy woola, irt.m71d to lid. ; a.r*X llccce wools, 16a)d, to 2i. Id. per lb. ; the latter prie> having been obtained by us for tho colobratod csllpv iriarkcd Mt B Kum, which was in a v.-ry Biipcrior coiv illllon, and voll grown Ecourcd wools ronllsed 1»_ Kd, to 28. 2d , and handwaahed Is. ¡Ijil. to la. 4J1. p*r lb ; and one superior lot offacourod lambs', brituctoii ( orno, at 2a. 4 jd. per lb. Only ono wool ship ha» e'lBred out and sailed aiuco our last-vi«,, the Mo lsrch, on the 10th inat, with 1.CÜ1 balos on bo.iril^ and tho following ships aro now loading, and wilt sall previous to our noxt, viz. :-Tlio Kiuprea». of the Bean, Queen of Kitlens, Southampton^, Jessie Brown, Young Australia, Itesutr, iliirlsii Vlooro-_ latona,Omar l'aahs,Alfred, Calliance, Koort*Moori»,. Copenhagen, and Lightning. The Customs clearance» since our last hale boon, from October 20 to Noioio Lcr 10, 1,828,2721b., valuo £130,605; add previo i* shipments, from Octobor 10 to October 10, lC6,36ilb^. value £18,170; total, l,03S,e30lb., valuo £140,075.. Tallow.-Wo havo during the mom li disposed otab^nï. 200 casks beef and mixed tallow at 31». to Jua., nutr- ia lot of mutton at 42s. ; and scvcrnl lota, In all »b-iiifc 100 casks, aro now on board the shlpi Just about to I all. Hides.-Ko salos hive taaon place slnoo our list» Iho wholo boluc shipped on eurer»' account. Hides nu shipping ordor aro worth 18s. to 13:. Cd." LIVE s roon Meiern. Balmahoy Oampboll and Co report ti» follows -"Fut Oaltlo-An unusually Ia go nuua )cr carno to hand, viz.-1,760 hoad, 1,880 liu-vl cf which were disposed ot, tho romnii dor, 801 he vei. Icing turned cut uisold, tbo price-- realized nero con- sequently lower, hut ou the st bola nearer firjior quotations than tho glutted ata o I ilia market would* 1 avo warranted us to expect ilet of tho lot« weis- in fair condition, but largo and roagh, nono were. ? eally primo. Dent quality btlocts ftoiu£41Gj to ¡C6 10a , do cowj, from £4 lo £4 12* Od , seconds, quality bullocks from £3 10s lo .c16s , co or»J, iioin ¿b2 5 to ¡b3 3s, Inforlor, at store prices Fivt Elieep-Tho supply this woek viz - 7 SOI. his boot». I lilly equal lo requirement«. Balot tliroucjijut tho veck have been dllfloult to eirect moro ospo clally of ahorn lots,for ovorything buttery good qvnllty, slightly lower ratos were submitted to. A. Hw in the wool »oro sold at fully lalo ra ca We» qtiotr best quality tvottiors in the wo list l61 , linois)!» lumber breught l61 Od ; no tarlo'} oil led A Into nipertor shorn Stoibers b ought l¿s , good quality ¿0,10s to Ila , others from 9s upsv*ids,boit quality thorn owes, 8s lu 9s , soo nd quality do from /« lo 7s Od Wo have soil 1,400 or Messrs W U mid J II BobortBon's ah ra wilthorn, mid ling quality, at fiom Di to 10s ltd Tat Oalv.» - rboalipp J viz - 266 head-has much exceeded requirements and prie»» ruled under former quotations, primo quality bro igt». ti cm 80s to 45» , other qualities irom Ils lo 2S»_ lrunL» -A moderato Blpply, amounting to oal> 762, voro oilcred llio (rio a obtained (or tho qutlitl-i» ollcrcd woro gtncrslt sïtUlaetor' Howl quality Irougüt fre m 10s tol.'s 61 , seco d q lality do fro a 7ato8s Od ,afoviinlddllng,Bliorii,broii',htfrjmOH.toS) lil Stjro t attlo -Ibis market cm inucosor' lnaciive, m r can bo ex, cet ai j Inprovcmeut so Ion), as tho fit cattlo market coiuinucs in Us p 1 HO 1 do| rtsu-d statut. Yoquolo bulloi,LB,tsvotoBb\oiisoaisol ,fr UI£210J li £¿ 16a , cons rroui£ll7a Oil lo £2 , ipajcd uex» clout £2 6s Scarcely anylht g d ing .it Hi uo eiucv talions, ¡atoro Mico -lhere) is H II isle ii qulry fx till» class of Btjolt, iiiTooipoeiillj f r I reidiu; owon,. »nu gocd los aro really lalctibo ni sut! lactoryr latos Wo have Hjld t is steele it lot 11 ui shorn broetï irg OVSCH, to bo UolVircd at VUoMulo 0 nols Intr of !',000 four tooth al 10s, and VU» lull mouthed aV lus Cd , tonus fjurmouths" Mesara. Poner, Huthcrford, and Co. give tho f..l liwlng report: -" t'at Ca Ho- Numboa in, l,75f> litad. Trade, l,í23¡ country, 103; sent our, <10». Total, 1,769. Tho glut that has existed thin week, caused a comldirahlo redujtlo.i in prico and great OulncBsln Dio uiíilaot. r\r primo »loch ttiere wiv». tot the UBUUI amount ef ouuipuiltlon, mid sec »Jr. llosa were il úxa¿. Wc BOIU l18 henil imliil'oreat lltm tho Murray nt£il"a , »nd 131 a.f McBir». Lang'» horn the Mumiinblilgoo at £1 Total, 219 heal. Quotations-Host bullocks, £1 lo X66i.¡ second do» i8to £1' In'criorib., £L 10'. to £3; bott cowa, £* lu £1 5a ; sccoed do., £ ' to £3. Calves. -Kumber li». -S56 head Such a hoivy bll¡j]ly cs.uso.1 a great, leduction in prico. Wo sold 40 hoad froiav Ulupna, at a good average. Pike», tis. To 45«. Fat Sheep. - Kuuibor In-7,3a hoid Trad-,. 4,713; country, 1,620; ahippfiit/. I,1 02 j Hal, 7.301. A fair average suppl, canuto hua I, ?? IIIO'IHOIO clc.vrti! I lit at allgbtly ro luosd prico* Atibo cloiiug of tra,) Harket quotations were on tho turu and wir» ii trills liimor. Woliavu iotd-600 falliiifsll'», a', 13-t : 5JÜV Chlrnaldta'a), 10*. toll» ; 1,146 lloti'a, oiioa, 7i. to 7a» Oil. ; wollte», ta. fü. to 10a.: tot»!, 2,131 hevl* Quotatloi.s :-Bust Withcis, «horn, Ills, to li«. * tecond do. do., 8i. to Uá ; beat do, mithört*' Ka Cd. to IO-.; best en-i-s, a lum, Oi tea 8-> lambs -NuuiLi-r in- 702 hoad A «mall supply, unit iilcos ro>o, 7o to lln bolng iibtatueil Siore Untie. Hie ni ark ot Is HI 111 dull, r.nil no salt a effector, niilrmi. tor choice lota al low pricei. uuel lorn; date» Wo hat»e> ino or two voryiaxionfclvo ti annulions lu lie/uLlr-.llon, ) iiltiea clearing out ol' c.ailo to Uko ou brooding: Ihtep. QuoUi.ioja:-A.ll btilliulis, two t, uovm«, jestu old, £2 lOi to £3 16'. ; cows, spayed,, i lito, £2 2s. Oil. to £¿ 6s. ;ci»'a, unfpny^il, illito. £1 l61, to £J ; Interior mix-d lots tinjialoivblo. btiro Sheep.-tlioeomaud ii v<iry active, and really lound, good stack readily lind bujum at, fair prico-.. Quotation»..- Wc-.hora, two-tuoih, Oi to 7»i. Ü.I ; 1 o" four, six, and cl¿ht to .Iii, Si Oil í'i le», ; a vcj, I« 0, four, and six toot'a, 9a 01. ., 0 Us. ; ewer, uo do., eilivorubloin Kew South iVvlc-.i, 12». to 16i ; owes, clfjlita- tooth, 7s io Oi ¡ owes, nga-el, 4a tri 0a, ; » canerj» liatxod, 0s. to 81. Wo luve i<ol ! 20,000 Boutti AM na'tan owns, chit Hy full-» i-ulticd, iii 111 ; 3.600 owes, luil-niouibod (Victorian), a: BJ, til loinl, 21,5y» bond." HOUSE MY Pla. ET. Messrs. Ko», Kirk, and Co t,lso tho follow tug re- port of this market*-*' lhere h*i been no Improve li ent In this morl el HUCO our list report 'J be hupply iil horses brought fonsard ivan lan o, thone,!! for lito ?coat part indi j out of contint u , b it tho deimuid sva*t> voy languid, and tho business traiiHiioted ssiu tin Hi» Viholo vory uiisattslnctory In wans otscr tho lo* lattB obtained Mero attnbutubln t) Inferior qtislly old coiidition, liutevcn ono or its o nit bsuncxîtptljn iblo iii these reHpe tu, mid stell siiltnl fur tho p.osent icasou, tailed ti) rcttllso anythli gllho tlio'Igurea for Irorly obtainrd for tlio samu ne oil.itlon ol «took ;. sshllo two mobj svoro is lindross II altogo her, Iii» ev-neis declining tieubmlt, to thoiuluUhnelcmii.-idt.it.. l\o first- clasi heavy draught hoists to band; » tow iicond-class woro dlipo'od of at fr m £ 8 to £35; 1 acks aud light harness llorac-, ut Ir >:.i ' li to £20 are icadlly disposed of, higher prlix-l nea liavo uot heals, In great request. Inferior ts ttluul ul'tratlon " iABQUR MAUKE f. Thcro Isiiolraprotomont to rinii.il In this market» which IB still dull and nver-upplled Inquiry fcur u arriod coup'os continues moderno, nnd chiefly for" firma and stations, ïhero bas licou a mod:rato ela nand for mowois and haymakers, for tho suburbana e ¡stricts ; but lor D10 country generally, for farming end poaloral purposes, an auiulc supply of mon 11 nadll.s found la tho 1 oluhbourhoods where tiieso ser ticoa aro required, and but compilât s ely fe« engage 11 onts of this dofcrlptlon ai o nosv mado lu lo,ve. lomcstics, both malo aud f. malo, aro in moderate re- quest, tbo dcintntl being aim st ojtiroly con'lucd t> thOBO enahlod to oller uuitablo ro'oroncei a'l to ability BLd charactor. Young womon uiiaccunUmsd to house- hold work, or suite I only for inferior sorvico, aru nu ltorously disengaged, aud experlencu much ditllmlty in obtaining empli) iii"nt. Bates of stngon for do< niCBtics and uitrtlod couploi lu>vo uiiilorgono «01 chango; butler men for other employ monts pilciw 1110 doolinlng. Hie following- aro tho current rates. ..Iterations, by arrangement:-Marrbd oouplos, with, families, £00 to £05 per annum ; without children, £ï&> to£70 do.; gardonoii, £60 do. ; grooms, 16s. to 20i. r cr week ; shepherds, £30 per j c ir ; h it koopora, £i> to £20 tlo ; general farm ic-tsnnts, 13i, to 20a.. per wook; ploughmen, 20s 1I0.; cisura, 4s. »J. ) cr aero ; haymakers, 16s. to 17s OJ. portlock; uullocu Drivers on road, 20s. do. ; do. on farms and Htattouip 17s. Od. to'20s. élu.; mon cooks, for fi.-nu and sta- tions, 20t,. to 25s. do.; cooks, for lintels, fi om £l 10s. ti A2 do. ; lómala cooks, from £36 to £(0 per year, general sei vants, £26 to -80 rio. ; nursemaid*, £11 rr< £26 do. ; laundresses, £80 to £35 do ; housomaid*,. A 25 to £30 do. ; parlourmaids, £25 to £30 do. ; c-tr pontors, 10s, a eta; ; masons, brloUlayors, hlackaoui hn" io. to 10s. do.; plck-and-shovol reen, 5s to in. dj.; cnrterB and sioro labourers, 36s. to 40s i'.-\vook ; quuirynieii, bs to 9s. per day; fencers, 2s 31. lo- is Cd, a rod ; split'lug poitu mid rails, 20s lo 30.1. par 100, _ l'ASSENOEUS SAILED FOU ENGLAND BY" AND SINCE TUE DEPAUTUlili OF Tilli ÜOTOBEH MAIL. OOTOUKIl so Northam, n s, for I'ulnt do Oallo -Messrs, A LI'lib. A, Kaulmann, W, J. Unearth;,-. J-or Oitl.-ulta ( olone-1 and Sire Btratton, and Messrs Alford and N Klcrdan. For Msiiohles-Mr. and Mrs Wlls.-n, anti! it ours. Klcliol, II, Font cry, at ii ,M. Uouitoul. tfovKtiiu.11 u Moravian, for London.-i!r. ami Mm Situl«, three, ihildicn. lind eersaiit ; Hisse- ' unto (esto), Mesura Ï. ?lrebor, J F. il'Koizm, n <l M D01 all JSovcMliI'.u lb. r Monarch, for Leuden.-¡ be lies. Pr. Malkai, Mrs llackay, and Miss Hsokny, Mrs and nibs .Mxon, Uri Jitkc, family,and scivant ; Mr. U'Plicraoii, ii.-. aiirS Mrs. Fairburn and family. KOVEMUHR 28. Lightning, for Liverpool,- . t. and Mrs Bold »mu child, Mr. and Urs. lloatli, Mian tiorrinnii, Misa It tilt .say, MIBB J Baillie, Messrs WODI), and VV. C Wil- liams. '¡ST I VOR TUÜ lihMllNDmt Ol' Till. SUJLt I M.MY, PEE VAGE'¿. 