VICTORIA. By the Bulclntha we have Melbourne papers to the 20th instant. We eubjoin various items of news. _ ; There is general ooipUtDt fit the prospect of a dissolution, and Sir Henry Barkly^ is severely blamed bv the dafly papers for having promised the Ministry that the Houses should ■be dissolved. The Argus says: " An act snore grossly unconstitutional was never per* pointed by any of our colonial Governors than that to which Sir Henry Barkly has now lent the sanction of his name. \Ve cannot trust ourselves to designate it in proper terms. It will be for the country to seek a motive for a proceeding so extraordinary and so utterly sub - versive of all Parliamentary government. It would appear almost as if it was the deliberate design of our Australian Governors to bring into contempt our colonial institutions;—to constitute us the corpus vile on which expe riments are made in the art of government. Little as he has to do, and liberally as he is paid for doing it, our own head of the Exe cutive never appears on the scene but to dis turb and derange our political action, to aggra vate - our difficulties, and to heighten any existing complication. He never'meddles but to make matters worse. Having a perfectly safe position, and enjoying an absolute immunity Horn the cares and re sponsibilities of political iife, he usually contrives to entangle himself amidst our em barrassments, and to make confusion worse ; confounded.' Two or three times within the last 12 months he has thus obtruded himself quite needlessly into our affairs, and by some strange bad luck or exquisite bad management he never happens to interfere in a crisis without making it more insoluble. On the present oc casion, what earthly pretence has Sir Henry Barkly for dissolving our House of Assembly ? Where is the necessity for bis interference at all as arbiter between tbe Ministry and the Parlia ment ? In consenting to do Mr. Ueales's be hest, he has offered a gratuitous affront to the representatives of the people; and it is impos sible to see how His Excellency can justify himself The path of his duty is clear and simple, and it hiss been marked out for him by numerous precedents. There can be only two , just grounds for conceding a dissolution to any existing Ministry. Either the Ministry has been deleated on its personal merits, by a majority so narrow as to warrant the belief that the vote does not express the sense of the people; or it has been defeated on some great question of principle, on which it may be desir able to obtain a direct opinion from tbc country. In neither of these positions is Mr. Heales. A majority of two to one of the representatives of tlie people have declared that he does not possess their confidence, and there is not the smallest reasonable ground to believe that this vote is against the sense of the countiy. Nor lias there been any question of principle between the Ministiy and the hostile majority. The vote was absolutely a personal one, implying that Mr. Heales and his colleagues were not to be trusted with the conduct of affairs. It was especially emphatic against Ministers because tlicy were the very creatures of the House that cast them off The House which condemned Mr. Heales was the same Parliament which brought him into life. The members did but undo the work of their own hands. The people never had anything to do with Mr. Heales as Minister. He never was their choice, and, therefore, there is 110 excuse for putting the country to the expense and delay of a general election for bis sake. The crisis is entirely and absolutely the creation of His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly. The whole responsibility rests on him of having rendered a deliberate vote of the House null and void—of permitting Mr. Heales and his friends to remain in office, and to draw pay for two or three months ugainst the wishes of the people, and of exposing this countiy to the odium of another Parliamentary crisis, without the smallest necessity what Immigration'.—The Herald says :—" Par liamentary returns are before us, showing the action taken under the Immigration Regula tions of the 15th' of April, from the 23rd of April to the 3rd of June. The first of those returns shows the number of depositors in Mel bourne and its suburbs to hare been 486, and in the country districts 678, or a total in town and country of 1,164. Tiie second shows the number of passages applied for, but not granted, on account of the rapid absorption of the rote, to hare been 588 males and 942 females, or a total of 1,530, with the names of the towns and districts from which the applications came. The third, the relationship of the persons sent for from the United Kingdom to the persons resident in Victoria sending for them, whether of husbands or wires, parents or children, brothers or sisters, cousins or friends. And the fourth, the number of nominees, or persons sent for, distinguishing the number of nomi nees residing in towns from those residing in country districts. On the first, third, and fourth of the returns, wo may remark that, as the total number of depositors is 1,164, and the total number of nominees 2,970, the ratio of depositors to nominees is much less than one to two; or, in other words, that the de positors, on an average, have sent for more than two persons each. Again, with regard to the sooond return, we may remark that the passages applied for, and not granted, being 1,530, are equal to more than half the number of those granted, and that the applications for such passages would have been doubled, or, it may be, quadrupled, if it bad not long since been seen that further applications were fruit less, uutil some addition was made to the amount voted for this purpose. Now, how ever, that another £25,000 lias been added to the amount, there will be enough for the appli cations already sent in, and immediate steps should be taken to procure a still further supply." Mu. Bpree.—A meeting of the Exploration Committee was held on the 17th. It was agreed that the leadership of the party to go iu search of Mr. Burke should be offered to Mr. A. W. Howilt, the gentleman who was en trusted with the charge of the No. 2 Govern ment prospecting party in Gipps Land. Mr. Howitt, from his long experience in exploring Warburton's country, is considered eminently qualified for filling the responsible post offered to him. He will take with liitn two men and a surveyor appointed by the Exploration Com mittee. It is arranged that tliey shall proceed to Menindee, where they will obtain all the requisite stores, and proceed from thence with all possible speed to Cooper's Creek. The party will be allowed 16 horses, and arc expected to leave towq on Saturday next.— Argv?. Victorian -Ilxhibitiox.— A notice has been issued from the office of the Commis sioners for the Victorian Exhibition, 1861, re questing persons desirous of exhibiting any of the articles comprised in the various classes in the Victorian Exhibition, to be held in October next, and in die London International Exhibi tion of 1862, to send in, without delay, appli cations, stating tlie quantity of room required, and whether for floor, tabic, or wall space. The Commissioners further request intending exhibitors to inform them of the nature of i the articles intended for exhibition, both in Melbourne and London.—Argus. Cast Away.—Wro learn tliat about the 10th of last month two men left Western Port in search of seals, and landed on Seal Hock, making their boat fast. Whilst engaged in their search the boat was dashed to pieces, leaving the two poor fellows on the rock with out shelter or food. Some few potatoes and about a pound of damper were washed on the rock from the wreck of the boat, and on this Bienaer supply iney subsisted for ten dajs9 | during which rime they Buffered severely from ; want of water, the supply being limited to that1 left by the rain which fell during their im prisonment ; and, that supply having been rendered brackish by the spray constantly beating over the rock, rather increased their hardships than otherwise. The men, for tunately, were at last seen by the Superinten dent of Phillip Island, who immediately com municated with Mr. Keen, the Customs officer at Port Albert; who, with a volunteer crew, proceeded at once to the rock, despite the heavy weather, to the rescue of the sufferers, and, happily, after much difficulty, suooeeded iu rescuing the men. OOKHEBOIAIu The Age of the 20th has the following market report:— There has been no movement in breadstuff's during the past week. The flour market has con tinued very quiet, and transactions have been of the most limited character. Holders, however, continue firm at former rates, and there are?no signs of any further reduction. The imports from South Australia are not so extensive as they have been, and it is not probable that we shall be in receipt of any large parcels from California; since; if a calculation is entered into, it will be found at the rate now ruling in San Francisco, flour cannot be placed upon tuc wharf here under 17L per ton. The imports of wheat have been mode rate, and good samples meet a ready sale. Quota tions range for Tmhuuubq and Victorian front 6s. 9d. to 7s.: and for Adelaide from 7s. 3d. to 7s. 64. per bushel. There has been a considerable movement in oats. Only some few small parcels of colonial hare come forward, and purchasers are now readily taking good sweet samples of both Scotch and Irish at a material advance upon our last week's prices. Sales of these hare been effected at 3s. 94., and holders now demand 4s. Californian arc also eagerly enquired for, and con siderable parcels have bam quitted at 4s. per bushel, 4s. 3d. being now asked. Danish arc worth 3s. lOd.; and colonial are in request at from 4s. 3d. to 4s. 44. The market has been well sup plied with hay, which moves off but slowly at from 41.10s. to 71. per ton; Victorian pressed was sold on the Australian Wharf, ou Wednesday last, at 4/. 17s. 6<1. Subjoined is Messrs. Livvrance's circular of i the 20th:— During the week some alterations have occurred in the com market. Breadstufis remain un changed, while horse feed shows a tendency to advance, especially oats, the hulk of the consump tion being now thrown upon this grain, in the continued absence of our usual supplies of maize from New South Wales, which atthis season is generally heavy; the consequence is that an ad vance of 3d. per bushel all round is fairly esta blished. The Electra, from California, has arrived in Sydney with 220 tons of flour and 14,000 bushels of wheat: that market being bare of stocks, tins cargo will come to the best it could have found in these colonies, and the only one in winch it will at pr&ent; cover cost; freight, and charges, the prices still ruling in California for flour, wheat* and oats being such as to afford nt> margin of profit for shipment hither, neither will they so long as English orders remain unfulfilled, or their next crops are reaped in August. Flour.—Imports are to an average extent. A fair amount of up-country business has been transacted, while a few small pacels have been taken for export. Present advices go to show that from California it cannot be laid down here under 17/. per ton. Prices are unaltered, and rule as follows:—Country and town made, 10/. to 17/.; Tasmanian, 16/. ~ to 16/. 10s.; Adelaide sorts, 16/. 10s. to 17/. 10s.; Magarey's and Hart's super fine, IS/, per ton; United States, 42s. to 43s. per barrel. Wheat.—Imports are moderate; good samples' meet a ready sale, while secondary parcels are difficult to quit. Prices range at 6s. 94. to 7s. for Tasmanian and Victorian, and South Australian at 7s. 3d. to 7s. 6d. per bushel. Estimated imports of flour and grain at the Port of Melbourne, from 13tlito 19th June, inclusive:— Flour.—South Australian, 400 tons; Tasmanian, 20 tons; Victorian (coastwise), 90 tous. Wheat.— Victorian (coastwise), 2,500 bushels. Oats.—Tas manian, 10,200 bushels. Maize.—From New South Wales, 8.000 bushels. Bran.—South Australian. 9,000 bushels; Victorian (coastwise), 90 bushels. 