TUESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1861. There are symptoms of a revival of that rash spirit under the influence of which so many hundreds of persons be- took themselves to Rockhampton and the Snowy River, made so many sacrifices to enable them to do so, underwent so much misery while there, and returned from thence duped, disappointed, and disheartened. Otago is the latest Dorado discovered, and the same vague rumours, exaggerated reports, and credulous expectations, find currency among the more excitable portion of our population now which were so widely propagated at the time of the migration of so many miners and storekeepers to Port Curtis and Twofold Bay. That love of the marvellous which predominates in ill regulated minds disposes unreflecting people to prefer the suggestions of fancy to the dictates of reason, and to regard as enemies those who address them in the language of caution. At the time of the rush to Rockhampton there was scarcely a newspaper in the colony that did not admonish the restless adventurers of the folly of hastening to a locality, concerning which the information that had reached us was meagre, contradictory, and by no means trustworthy. Shipping agents, however, artfully stimulated a movement so beneficial to their own interests; the most improbable stories were put in circula- tion, and the efflux of people from this colony assumed the proportions and the violence of a stampede. If the rush which subsequently took place to Kiandra was less extensive, it was because the locality was less remote and the information respecting it was more precise. To be inordinately attractive, a new gold-field must be very distant and of very dubious richness and area. Five-and-twenty square miles of highly auriferous country in the neighbourhood of the Plenty Ranges would scarcely attract attention, but a patch. of good ground in a narrow gully in one corner of New Zealand possesses I an irresistible charm in the eyes of the sanguine and the restless. The discoveries reported from Otago closely resemble those which were made i at Kiandra. The yield obtained by the diggers who were first upon the ground was alleged to be as good as that which is stated to have been procured at Tokomairiro. But none of the subsequent returns corresponded with those originally acquired: and in a few months the bubble burst, and the banks of the Snowy River were deserted. Eden, which was to have become the metropolis of the South Pacific, subsided once more, into the condition of a struggling village, "Old the local newspapers which pre "owed its future greatness have both of them dropped out of existence'. - There is nothing whatever in the intelligence recently received from Otago to justify us in concluding that a rush of diggers to that settlement would be less rash, less premature, or productive, in the event of disappointment, of less disastrous consequences, than those which flowed from the migrations to Port Curtis and Twofold Bay respectively. The official report, which we published a few days since, offers no satisfactory data l from which to estimate the extent of the field-if field it board the fact of the valley in which the gold has been found not being more than from 100 to 300 feet wide, tends to negative the assumption that the deposits are distributed over a considerable surface. The returns obtained are very satisfactory, but the main point to be ascertained by those who contemplate proceeding thither is the capacity of the auriferous area to carry a larger population than was immediately drawn to it from the surrounding districts. The province of Otago contains a population of 12,000, and no small proportion of these seems to have resorted to the new gold-field) while the natives in the southern island will not be slow to avail themselves of this opportunity of acquiring a commodity of which they know the value and can appreciate the uses. It behoves all those, therefore, who may be smitten with a desire to try their fortune in that distant Dorado, to pause before encountering the cost and risk of a voyage of 1,800 miles, and to await the receipt of fuller intelligence before taking a step which may be irrevocable. Nothing but the most authentic assurances that the gold- field is of such a magnitude as to be capable of offering remunerative returns, adequate at least to the support of a population as large as that which is concentrated on Ballarat or Bendigo, ought to be accepted as a sufficient warrant for Victorian diggers to embark in so serious an enterprize. New Zealand contains at this moment upwards of 140,000 souls, and as a regular communication is kept up by steamers and coasting vessels between the chief centres of population in both islands, the discovery of a really important gold-field in the Otago settlement would be known at Auckland, Wellington, Nelson, and Christchurch, within a week; and the lapse of another week would suffice for the congregation of thousands of settlers and natives upon the centre of attraction. Immigrants arriving from those colonies would not only find themselves crowded out, but without the means, in many instances, of paying the famine prices which, according to the latest accounts, were prevailing at Tokomairiro and would be still further enhanced by any material diversion of local labour from the ordinary channels of industry Under these circumstances, and with the lessons taught them by the delusive rushes to Port Curtis and the Snowy] River, we hope that the miners of this colony will act with less precipitation in the present instance, and refuse to expose themselves to privation and disap- pointment, upon the strength of the imperfect and unsatisfactory information hitherto received. With go many vessels placed upon the berth for Otago, we are not surprised to find the usual baseless rumours in circulation, and the customary devices resorted to, for the purpose of getting up an excitement, which cannot fail to h beneficial to the propagators of those rumours and the promoters of that excitement. But a little prudent delay pending the arrival of further now from Otago, will enable those who an 1 thinking of migrating to test the truthfulness of the stories current, as to ascertain what prospects of bettering their own circumstances are held out by ; this distant and dubious gold-field. When Ministers meet the new Assembly, their most serious embarrassments I must arise from their own supporters. From the Opposition, they may possibly experience a politic forbearance and a cruel toleration. They may be permitted to hold the reins of power until the contempt in which the Administra- tion is held by the country shall be replaced by indignation. They may be kept in office in order the more signally to exhibit their incapacity and to complete their humiliation. In ternal dissensions would alone suffice to destroy a Cabinet, one half the members of which is at direct issue with the other half upon what one of their number calls " the great question " of the day." But if it were possible to heal these divisions, and to stave off the demands of the protectionists, how is peace to be kept with the needy and ravenous camp- followers of the Govern- ment the men who have been encouraged and subsidized to enter the Assembly by Mr. ÜEATÍÜS and his colleagues, in the expectation of receiving £300 a-year and whose hopes in that respect are doomed to be frustrated The whole tribe of penniless adventurers, in their dis appointment and desperation, will revolt against their politicalleaders,andconspiro to overthrow them. Necessity knows no law, and the hungry loafer will owe no allegiance to the chiefs who have deluded and deceived him. Mr. AitTHun O'CONNOR, who headed the Eastern Market mob when it made an attack on the Parliament Houses, will be just as ready. to head the malcontents on the Ministerial benches in an assault upon the citadel of office and Mr. GRAHAM BERRY, who hoisted the red band on the same "occasion, will not be slow to second his former ally; while Messrs. DENOVAN and WEEKES have been too familiar with seditious practices in this colony to be influenced by any feeling of loyalty towards the present occupants of office, after the latter shall have been formed on the payment of members question. To at least a dozen of the Ministerial supporters this is a matter of paramount importance. Three hundred a-year, with the run of the library and the smoking room, a liberal supply of stationery, and the privilege of being entertained by country friends in the refreshment-rooms, must have appeared like opulence to the necessitous nominees of the Ministry, who have made the slump a stepping stone to the Assembly. But baffled, as baffled they will be, in this expectation, they will concentrate all their anger upon the Government which held out to them a prospect so delusive. Why should Mr. HEALES draw £2,000 a-year from the Treasury and ARTHUR O'CONNOR nothing ? Why I should Mr. VERDON enjoy a handsome stipend and Mr. NIXON be debarred from touching a poor £300 per annum I Is not Mr. NIXON as eligible for the office of Treasurer as Mr. VERDON and could not sIr. O'CONNOR conduct a Ministry as well as he led a mob ? These are the quesGonB which will begin to for month in the minds of the disappointed, and having been prevented from looting the Treasury, they will combine to overthrow their masters, so as to participate in a scramble for the spoils of office. Like Captain MACHEATH, Mr. HEALES will be betrayed by his own minions. He has helped to lift into the Assembly a class of needy politicians, whom he cannot continue to subsidize, and whom poverty and disappointment will stimu- late to an, early revenge. Faithful to no principle, loyal to no party, restrained by no scruples, and guided by a transparent selfishness of purpose, these men will be far more dangerous to their quondam allies than to their oppo- | nents. The Ministry will have no hold upon them as instruments, because it cannot assure them their anticipated reward, and their defection would leave the Government at any moment in a miserable minority. As it is, the Opposition promises to be as numerically strong as the Ministry, if it does not command an actual majority of votes; and a more humiliating spectacle can scarcely be imagined than that which the Government will present in the new Assembly, with the ability and moral character of the House arrayed against it, with irreconcilable differences in its own camp, and with one-half of its followers cover to dim their hands into the public purse, and ready to desert and betray the Ministry when the latter finds itself foiled in the execution of the project it has sanctioned. Political vices, like other forms of immorality, bring their own punishment, and that even-handed justice which " commends the ingredients of the " poisoned chalice " to the lips of those who composed the venomous draughts overtakes Ministries as well as men with a righteous retribution. Messrs. HEALES and BROOKE have done their utmost to degrade the character of the Legislature by using the Government influence to secure the election of some of the most notorious loafers in the country. These men are known to have been supplied with funds, and examined with the materials for their hustings speeches by members of the Administration. They have been instructed to put forth one programme in the towns and another in the country. They have procured their return by the recklessness of their promises, and their election is a satire upon our political inp stitutions, and a disgrace to the colony. It lowers our character and destroys ort: credit. It tends to convert the Assembly into a refuge for the destitute, and to repel from political life those who are qualified to illustrate it by their ability, and to elevate the conduct of public affairs by their character. It is not to be expected that men possessing an ordinary amount of self-respect will consent to enter an Assembly where they will have to rub shoulders with mob orators and turbulent street brawlers, and the very dregs of our population. It is not to be supposed that those who have been foremost in breaking the laws, and in inciting others to insurrectionary practices, are fit to be entrusted with the manufacture or the administration of those laws. Yet these are the men who have obtained admission to the Legislature, as the nominees of the Government, who have foolishly calculated upon their subserviency and counted- upon their indiscriminating support. That the Ministry will be miserably deceived, and treacherously deserted, may be safely predicted. But the ignominious overthrow of the Government, by the defection of its own creatures, will be a very inadequate punishment for the base tactics which have been resorted to, and which have resulted in a still further deterioration of the quality of the Legislature, and in a still more signal debasement of our character and credit at home and abroad. The great insurance trial of Miller and others v. Kerr now draws towards a close. The evidence for the defendants was finished yesterday. The plaintiffs followed with some witnesses to contradict some of those put forward by the defendants. The evidence on both sides was closed at about half-past three p.m. ; and at the request of the jury, the finish of the case speeches by counsel and summing-up by judge-was reserved for to-day. The election for Evelyn has resulted in the return of Mr. W. H. Gatty Jones. We are not able to give the precise numbers polled yesterday, inasmuch as when our despatch left Eltham last evening the returns from Yan Yean had not arrived; but the polling in the other districts showed that Mr. Jones was ahead by something like 140 votes, and this position would not be disturbed by the returns yet to come in. Mr. W. H. Gatty Jones met with a serious accident on Sunday afternoon, while travelling in the district which he represents. Mr. Jones was proceeding in a buggy from Kangaroo Ground to Eltham, when the horse became restive, the vehicle was overturned, and the unfortunate gentleman had his right leg sadly injured. There was a compound fracture of the tibia, implicating the ankle joint, and..' also a fracture of the fibula. Mr. Jones was removed as speedily as circumstances would allow to Melbourne, and was there attended by Mr. V, Barker and Mr. Rudall, surgeons, by whom the fractures were reduced, and it appears, from inquiries made last evening, that the patient is progressing favourably. An ordinary monthly meeting of the members of the Victorian Gardeners' Mutual Improvement Society was held last evening, at Kyte's buildings, Bourke street. There was an unusually large attendance. On the table were some specimens of Victorian grown fruit, and also some olive oil of a very good colour, which was manufac- ' cured by a Mr. Caulfield, of Toorak, An into resting, though somewhat verbose, paper on de- vastating insects was read by Mr Duncan, who holds the theory that high cultivation is the best preventative against blight. Some numbers' present did not agree with Mr. Duncan's views, and an animated discussion ensued. In the course of the evening the president read the first report on the Brisbane Botanical Gardens. The report is of a very encouraging character, and reflects favourably upon Mr. Hill, the director of those gardens. A report was brought up from a subcommittee recommending an exhibition in November next, Dr Mueller having promised to lend the Botanical Gardens for the occasion. At the close of the evening a subscription-list was opened, for the purpose of raising a testimonial to be presented to Mr. McMillan, the late secretary to the society. A " spin" of 150 yards came off yesterday afternoon, opposite the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, Richmond, between Mason and St. Clair, the prize being a trophy at present held by Mason. A capital start was effected, but it was soon evident that the trophy would not change owners as Mason Eliot ahead and maintained the lead, coming in a winner by several yards. An ordinary meeting of the Royal Society was held last evening, His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly presiding. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, after which two new members present were duly introd' JCR and enrolled their names in the book of river worship. The following contributions w we then laid upon the table Journal of the statistical Society of London, presented by t' j, Society ; Government tackle, from July '21 to August 9, inclusive, presented by the Government Colonial Mining Journal for A "vast, 1861, presented by Pedro Nisser, Esq. ; faults of Meteorological Oliscrvulionsfor The n(y Years, presented by Francis Abbott, Esr (i> F.R.A.S. ; Royal Society of Northern. Antir was "j Copenhagen, presented by J. B. Weir e> gsqi> Danish consul and a number of work i of German societies, pro sented by Dr. Mueller are in addition to these, all the sketches made ' eyltfcolntoDr. Becker, carefully preserved was bound, were laid upon the table. Mr j-fe8mas Shearman Ralph then read a paper descriptive of an insect (locale) affecting the orange. The primary object of his lecture, he s stock, was to induce microscopists to make further i6t investigations, in order to gain further r in more extended knowledge of the case' which was most destructive. To such a n "tent, indeed, was the insect inimical to the orange that, some years ago, in one of the , Azores, or Western Islands, a whole crop was lost through its ravages, while the blight had ov' m extended to the other islands. Mr. Ralph the son went on to describe the insect somewhat a minutely by the aid of a diagram, and stated that it belonged to the same family as the insect from which was derived the cochineal dye, as well as that which yielded what was known, as shellac. This winter had supplied abundant examples of the ravages committed by the insect; but whether or not the disease was on the increase, he (Mr. Ralph could not under take to say. He was aware that in India the orange tree attacked in a somewhat similar manner, if not by the same insect and there, at seed-time, it was the custom to light fires under the trees, or to wash their stems with a preparation made for the purpose, in order to prevent the spread of the disease and if the blight increased here, he would advise the adoption of some such plan by those interested in the cultivation of the orange. At the conclusion of Mr. Ralph's paper, the Rev. J. J. Bleasdale stated that, from having resided in Portugal, he was aware that an insect attacked the orange there, and that its ravages were even greater than those described by Mr. Ralph. The cause he attributed, in a great measure, to dirt and neglect on the part of the orange cultivator, and he believed that care and attention were chiefly requisite for the prevention of the disease. The remedy for the blight was simple. It was first, to keep the ground clean and free from weeds, and then to wash the stems of the trees which were generally some six or seven feet high, two or three times in the course of a season, with a brush and soap and water, and where that was done properly nothing else was needed for the prevention of th blight. Dr. Macadam next read an interesting paper, entitled, " A Few Notes on the Dialects Habits, Customs, and Mythology of the Lower Murray Aborigines," contributed by Peter Beveridge Esq., through Dr. Mueller, and descriptive of the dialects, customs, manner of life, religion, if it could be so called, and superstition of the different tribes, all of whom, it was stated were remarkably short- lived, being aged an white-haired at the age of from twenty-five t thirty, while there were few under the age of fifteen, and those mostly the children c European fathers. The males were in a cess of the females, the result of ill- treat mont the part of the former, and ofjunchaBtit on the part of the latter; their language; was such that it was impossible to obtain an; thing like a correct knowledge of it while the numerals were limited to one and two. Intelligence was conveyed between the different tribes by " postmen," who were looked upon as oracles held sacred, and permitted freely to come and g at their own pleasure. In this way intelligence was frequently conveyed with extraordinary rapidity between us She and tribe. In marriage these tribes hold peculiar views as to contain guilty, even the union of cousins being or hibited ; while in many cases the male desirous i marrying must be prepared to give a sister in e change for his bride, and inthoeventof Wsboli unable to fulfil this condition, he would be to downed to bachelorhood for life. They had no proper knowledge of any, system or form of religion and believed only in the existence of spirit who, if in a good humour, smiled upon the nets, and the result was a good haul of fish, or in a bad mood withheld his smiles, with the co salary result j while, at the same time, they had an indistinct idea of the existence of a bad Bpir They also spoke of a water spirit, whose present was death to man. Their more important de- they buried with their feet to the East, and at depth of four or five feet below the surface but with the lower class they were le careful, and generally placed them in sor sandhill, where ultimately they became the ia of wild animals, apparently to the satisfaction the aborigines, with whom the devouring of the "common" dead was a subject for- north a: facetious observation. Their form of governing assimilated to that of a clanship, the chief boil elected by seniority while the only crime of which punishment was awarded was that murder and the trial was conducted in this way The murderer was made to stand for about twenty minutes as a target for the spears of the tribe, and if he escaped this ordeal, as wasgonorally the case, he was again received on the same terms as before the murder was perpetrated. As regards the sun, their superstition was that there was a new one every day. They believed it to be a fire which was lighted every morning, and its greater warmth as the day increased they attributed to the fact of this are becoming stronger and stronger, after being lighted, until it gradually waned again with the approach of evening, and expired with night. The moon, on the other hand, they believed, had a duration of twenty-five or thirty days. Some other particulars in connexion with the different tribes were also embraced in the paper. The reading of this essay terminated the proceedings; but many of those present remained behind to examine through the microscope the specimens of the focus provided by Mr, Ralph. I We observe from the Morning Chronicle of the 26th of June, that the mail car used by the Js'P Marco Polo was carried on from Valparaiso to England by H.M.S. Plumper. The Marco Polo, it will be recollected, put into ' Valparaiso on the 2nd of April, dismasted and damaged, having been ill contact with an iceberg, and on the following day the mail was transferred to the Plumper, then on her' voyage from Vancouver's Island, via Valparaiso-, fa Plymouth, where she arrived on the 25th of June. The foreigner, Cornelius, who was" brought down was the hospital on Saturday last, desperately bilton about the face by the rioters at Woodend, is in a fair way of recovering, and will, it is expected, be shortly able to leave the hospital. At the City Council yesterday the case of the late treasurer, Mr. Farewell, was under consideration and the following resolution was passed, " That the treasurer be dismissed and that himself and his securities be immediately proceeded against for the recovery of the deficiency exhibited in the report submitted to the] council." The quartermaster will issue uniforms to the Volunteer Artillery Regiment, at the St. Kilda orderly-room, at eight o'clock this evening and and at the Collingwood orderly-room, at the same hour, to-morrow evening. A special meeting of the Richmond Artillery Company will be held after drill this evening. A- general meeting of the South Yarra and Pr abran Artillery Company will be held, at the Orderly-room, this evening. At a meeting which took place on Tuesday last, at the Royal Mail Hotel, of the friends of Mr. B. Langton, the free-trade candidate for East Melbourne, it was decided that a free-trade banquet should be held at the Exhibition Building, to which Mr. Langton should be invited. Steps are being taken to bring this about, and it is probable that the banquet will be held next week. We have our files from Adelaide to the 17th instant, and from Sydney to the same date. An adjourned special meeting of the Stieglitz Gold-mining Company was held yesterday, at 58 Temple-court, but in consequence of the directors and manager being detained at the Supreme Court by a case in which they were concerned, no business could be transacted. After some comments had been made by Mr. N. Levi, M.L.A., on the printed balance-sheet, issued since the holding of the original meeting on the 29th ult., a further adjournment to Wednesday, the 28th inst., was agreed to. Yesterday, at five o'clock, an aged man jumped from the end of the Sandridge Railway Pier into the bay. He was only seen by a young man, a German, named Pagensteehcr, who speedily loosened a rope fastened to one of the posts, at the same time calling out for assistance. A seaman jan up, took the rope, jumped down, and took hold of the unfortunate man at the moment he was sinking. The latter seized the seaman, and for a moment both of them disappeared, but the German, assisted by one of the porters, drew them up in safety. Yesterday passed, we are happy to state, without further disturbances or attempts to injure public property on the Woodend Railway. In the forenoon, a considerable party of men proceeded from Melbourne, headed by Mr. Handle in person, to commence work on the line at 9s. per day and upwards. We trust that the crimes and follies of the past few days are now at an end. At the City Court, yesterday, a woman named Ellen Butler was sentenced to three months' imprisonment for picking the pocket of a young woman in St. Francis's Church on Sunday evening during divine service. The prisoner not long ago was detected in the act of stealing a pair of candlesticks from the altar. The half-yearly meeting of the Melbourne Exchange Company was held yesterday afternoon in the Exchange Building, Mr. G. Martin in the chair. The report and balance-sheet were unanimously adopted. Messrs. Graham, Callender, Lord, Drysdale, J. Goodman, and Robert Sellar, were elected directors, and Messrs. W. H. Campbell and J. M. Joshua auditors, for the ensuing year. Another case of card-sharping came before the City Court yesterday, the plunderer being Reuben 1 Lewis, and his victim Charles Evans. The parties met accidentally in Bourke-street on the 21st of February last, and proceeded to the Apollo Inn Flinders-lane, where they were joined by " t stranger." After some preliminary manipulation Mr. Lewis persuaded the youth to borrow 20 from a friend-a Mr. White, of Bourke-street and to engage in play with " the stranger." It two chances, of £10 each, he lost the whole, with which " the stranger" decamped. Mr. Levi: then appeared to display some friendly feelings towards his new acquaintance, and paid his passage up by one of Cobb's coaches to Sandhurst giving him a letter of introduction with th ominous direction of Mr. Brown," Ironbark Gully, upon it, and 10s. in his pocket. The coach not starting till the morrow, Evans was provided with a bed at the Sir Charles Hotham Hotel, the expense being defrayed by the generous Mr. Lewis. The next day he started, but as might have been expected, found his " Mr. Brown" nowhere. He borrowed some more money, returned to Melbourne, and gave information to the police. A warrant was issue in March, and on Saturday last the prisoner was arrested by Detective Eason. The Bench con mitted him for trial. A distressing accident happened yesterday I a mason named William Rolphe, while employe at the works at the new gaol. He fell from scaffolding, a distance of five or six feet, upon iron spike, which entered his thigh, and passed upwards, broke, and inflicted a dangerous wound On his being taken to the Hospital, the portion of the spike which had been broken off was removed from the wound. The impressive cordiality of the welcome a corded to Mr. Lambert on his re- appearance the Theatre Royal last night, after an abson of nearly two years, was creditable alike to the audience which offered, and the actor who re- ceived it, proving, as it did, the possession qualities on his part which had secured of him a permanent place in public esteem. a testifying on theirs the capacity to approve genuine merit in an actor. In the near written comedy of the " Country Squire,"' N Lambert exhibits some of his best quality His picture of the English gentleman of told school is eminently true to nature, a agreeably suggestive of that good old king whom Addison has immortalized. Mr. La bert's Squire Broadlands is so free from t artifice of the actor's art, that the¿udienoo in have felt that they were not so much so tators of a play as witnesses of the occurrences, and listeners to an interest! dialogue of daily life. Mr. Hoskins. a race Selwood was also an excellent pit of moting, unexaggerated, consistent, and h monsons throughout. Mrs. Alfred Phillips play the comely housekeeper with an appropriate demure noss and placidity of manner, a evinced a nice touch of pathetic feeling the last act, when she discovers the st deception to which she has too read given way. In other respects the come was evenly east and at the fall of I curtain there was a general call for JVIr. Lambe who, on making his appearance, received a seco greeting, scarcely less hearty than the first, a brief speech he related to the audience travel"s history" during the interval which I elapsed since his departure from the colony, n expressed the gratification he experienced returning to this city, and to the stage of II Theatre Royal. 