BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. SYDNEY, 3rd September. Parliament open to-day. The Council are pledged to pass the Land Bills, Upper House Bill, Chinese and Immigration Bill. The Breadalbane hsn arrived from Auckland with news to 24tli. The natives continue very sullen, and say if Governor Grey does not offer better terms than Governor Browne he may go Sack to the Cape. Thompson has but little in fluence with them, he would have visited the Go vernor, but they threatened to shoot him if he at tempted it. The young chiefs are anxious for war. The general opinion is, by those who know them, that nothing but a resort to arms will settle the question. The Legislative Council has come into collision with the A°scmbly by throwing out the Money Bills. The Ministry are going on with the estimates. John Foley, a nephew, it is be lieved, of Mr O'Shanassy, having a quarrel with his brother-in-law, Joseph M'Gee, charged one another with forgery, and both are committed for trial. Bail allowed. No later news from the gold-fields. Ovens Diamonds.— Mr W. J. Turner has made himself proprietor of the diamond recently men tioned by us as in tho hands of Mr Kenyon. The weight of the gem is 2 3-1G carats. Its form is almost that of a perfect crystal of eight equilateral sides or a double pyramid. Its liuo is much lighter than that of most of tho diamonds hitherto discovered, which arc for the .most part deejiiy tinged with yellow. Though not absolutely of the purest water, it approaches more nearly than its compeers to that distinction. Mr Turner gave the finders of this stone £14 for their treasure, and ho purposes sending it to the forthcoming Exhi bition. We may as well state that this dia mond was found among the black sand obtained in the claim now being worked on the Lower Napoleon Flat, generally known as Crabtrce and Company's claim. In this claim then arc ten partners, who have now been at work about twelvemonths. Tliey occupy 800 yards of ground, and have an engine of eight horse power, with pumping machinery to work their shaft, which is about 50 feet deep, They have opened their ground upward by driving about 200 yards, but liitherto they have scarcely commenced actually working upon the wash dirt. What they have Obtained from the stuff raised has been mostly required for defraying the expenses incurred by machinery and labor in opening the mine. List week, however, their washing up paid £5 per man, clear of all expenses ; and at this rate there is every reason to think that it will steadily continue to pay, if it does not very greatly improve. Tne discovery of one diamond may probably lead to the discovery of others, and in connection with this claim, we ob serve that Mr Kenyon is fixing his diamond washing apparatus, with the intention of operating on the tailings. We are also glad to be in a position to state that the rumor of two dia monds having been found last week by a French man is confirmed, and it is to be hoped Mr Turner will be able to procure these ako for the Exhibition. Another diamond, the existence of which has not previously been made known, is in possession of Mr Bowden, who is connected with M'Evoy's claim on the El Dorado, where this diamond was found. We are now able, with tho the above, to state that altogether eleven diamonds are known to have been found along the line of creek from Reid's to the El Dorado, and where these wore we may safely assume that there are still many more, and probably much more valu able. — Ovens Constitution, 2nd September. A UHII.D U it owned. — un Monday, the body of a child belonging to Mrs O'Grady, between ten and eleven years of age, was discovered in a water- hole near Warrenlieip street, Buninyong, by Police-sergeant Smith. From the appearance of the body it would seem that death had occurred some time since. In all probability death took place shortly after the child was missed, which occurred seven days ago, when every exertion was used by the police to find the body, but, up to yesterday, fruitlessly. An inquest will be held on the body. This is tho sccond child that ha3 been drowned within a very short period in this water-hole. Previous to these accidents a poor man who was employed to get clay out of ths hole sustained injuries by a body of earth falling upon him, which ultimately resulted in his death. It would appear that tho hole has been recklessly left open after these repeated warnings. Must there be a fourth victim before anything is done ? — Ballaarat Times, 3rd Septem ber. Fatal Minino Accident.— On Monday, whilst the men were at work at the shaft of the Sham rock and Thistle Company, at Jock's Flat, near the new reservoir, the beam to which the tackle rigged for drawing the pipes was attached, slipped for want of a lashing, and falling on end down the shaft, struck and stunned the man who was standins on the centering about ninn i'oat Imlmv the stugo and precipitated him into tho water. After a time drags were procured, and the body was got up, but life had long been extinct. A magisterial inquiry was held by F. R. Pohlman, Esq., J.P., and the fact recorded that the de ceased Canute Anderson, a native of Denmark, came by his death from a blow on the head from a log ot' wood which fell on him whilst engaged in the shaft of his claim at Jock's Flat, Beaufort. The deceased was a man in the prime of life, and well known on tho gold fields as Danish ' Chips.' — Ballaarat Star, 3rdk September. J Another Fatal Mininq Accident. — A fatal accident occuned about half-past four o'clock yesterday (Monday) afternoon, at the Princess Mining Company's works, behind the Victoria Hotel, 011 the Main road. It seems that at the time mentioned a man named Stephen Northey was working in the far end of the drive, v, 'heeling mullock in a barrow into a hollow left open tor its reception, when e. portion of the drive baved in and threw him back 011 the wheelbarrow, his head coming underneath. Tlie result was a dislocation of the neck, and instantaneous death. A number of men set to work to extricate him, and about oi*. u vuuun jiu avub gos, oiu quite ueaa. xiie body was much discolored. The deceased wa3 a na tive of Cornwall, about 24 years of age, and un married. The corpse was removed to the Vic toria Hotel, where an inquest will be held on it this day. — Ballaarat Star, 3rd September. A Chapter of Accidents. — Yesterday even ing, about six o'clock, Messrs Sterry, of the Vic toria Reef, and Kimber, of tho Catherine Reef, with their respective families, four children and one lady, were coming along tho Mount Korong road in a buggy. In California Gully the horsa became obstreperous, and at lengtlfkicked over the dashboard, hitting Mr SterrA (the Jehu) rather smartly on the side and knee?Ntfr Kimber men proceeded to lali out, but it is stated there was a good deal of jump in the fall. Mr Sterry followod suit, dropping the reins ; and the weak members were left at the mercy of the infuriated animal, which rushed madly on, followed by the gallants, shouting most valiantly. On getting as far as tho Lord Nelson Inn, the runaway-: over took some puddleis' carts returning from a funeral, with female contents. Whereupon the horse, determined to get up in the world, mounted the hindennost cart. A lady in the cart had reason to rpgret this, as the ambitious horse with his fore paws cleverly denuded her of gown and petticoat. The protector of this weak vessel, a man, muzzled the offender, and soon, after a vigorous Btruggle, brought him to order, not ' escaping, however, without a good kick on the knee. The party in the buggy escaped uninjured, thanks to Provi dence and She puddler.— Bendigo Advertiser, Jrd September. 