PROSPECTUS OF THE PLTJRIBTJS IE UJSUM GOLD MIK- ING COMPANY, BLACK LEAD. LIMITED LIABILITY-TYKE*S AOL Capital £12,000 in 100 Shares of £120 each, Payable in Calls to be made in Pursuance of the Agreement of Partnership. PROVISIONAL COMMITTEE : John Fussell George Tress Robert Bagan John Crowther George Fussell. MANAGER : Pro Tem. Harrie Wood. B AKKEES : The National Bank of Australasia. CONSULTING COUNSEL : Robert Walsh, Esq. BROKERS IN BALLARAT : Stallard & Go. MELBOURNE : Wm. Clarke & Sons. -'I ' HE promoters of the, above Company, i are proprietors of a claim comprising more than 4000 teet of the main lead of the district, being the largest claim on Ballara** »nd insuring at a moderate estimate, more than 20 years' profitable employment, with handsome returns for the capital invested. Being registered under the provisions of Bylaw XII. of the Mining Board, on what is known as the *' frontage system," the pro- moters are desirous of forming a company on the most approved principles, and there- fore call the attention of mining speculators «nd the public generally, to the following important facts:-That by this registration not only is thc Black Lead gutter secured, but also the main lead of the district, which is formed by a confluence of the Inkermann, Golden Point, Itedan, Sebastopol, Cobbler's, and other tributaries, with the deposits of gold washed from the various leads whose great richness has been amply proved in the claims of the Royal Saxon, Cosmopolitan, Koh-i-noor, Golden Gate, Redan, Extended, Round Tower, and Red Jacket Companies, the yields from which have ranged during the last 12 months from £20 to £75 per sitare per week. It is now demonstrable that the course of the Grand Trunk Lead is tending southward, being clearly definable on geological evidence, the present is the only piece of land available on the main lead in the vicinity of Ballarat, and the terms upon w'iich shares are offered are unusally liberal. The Com- mittee have selected a very favorable site for the shaft at the lower end of their claim, and the certainty of its being on the deep ground is shown by the fact that the shallow ie ads from the two mountain ranges are dip- ping directly towards it: proving, that the main auriferous channel is near to their shaft. All the difficulties of the old st.. le of mining will be obviated by working the gutters upward from the deepest end of the claim, and tho expensive inconveniences of blind shafts, and swamping out, will be thus altogether superseded, and the washdirt raised and sluiced at about one fourth of th« usual cost of the present mode of working the gutters downward, from the shallow end uf the claims. It is proposed to sink a large shaft having three compartments, and to erect an engine of not less than 60 horse- power; so that all the deTays and failure!; arising from rock and water, will be avoided by having sufficient shaft room and engine power to overcome them. The depth of the shaft will be about 3O0 feet; which can he bottomed in less than 15 months with vigor- ous management. The company will be con- sidered as formed when 60 shares are taken up, and a general meeting wjll then be called for the purpose of adopting the agreement of Partnership. The promoters have already commenced their shaft, and have expended a considerable. sum of money, together with much valuable time during the last six months in securing the claim, they therefore reserve ten paid up shares to themselves, and also the deposit of One Pound per Bhare, towards covering in- cidental expenses as a consideration for the tram-fer to the company of all their right, title, and interest in the claim. Feeling great confidence in the prospects of the company, they intend to take up additional Shares, and will, if required, engage not to transfer their promoter's share« until the first moiety of the capital shall have been expended. Applications for Shares, accompanied with £1 deposits can be made in the following form : Please allot me Shares in the PLURIBUS IN UNUM GOLD MININO COMPANT, Black Lead, for which I hand over to you thc sum of pounds sterling, and I hereby engage, and agree, with the Manager for the time being of the said Company, to sign the agreement of Partnership, in such manner, and at such time, as may be re- quired, and to subscribe to the capital of the Company, at such times and in such amounts as shall from time to time be called up. Signature Date A< ¡dress To Messrs Stallard & Co., Ballarat Stock Exchange. MIDLOTHIAN GOLD MINING COM- PANY, Lucky Woman's (Limited.) I; the undersigned, Israel Truswell, here- by make application to register the Mid- lothian Gold Mining Company under the provisions of the " Mining Partnerships Limited Liability Act, 1860." And J. do solemnly and sincerely declare that the fol- lowing statement is to the best of my belief and knowledge true in every particular, namely. 1\. The name and style of the company is the Midlothian Gold Miking Company. 2\. The place of intended operations is at Lucky Woman's, in a certain paddock com- monly known as the Linton Baker's Pad- dock. ?. The nominal capital of the company is five thousand pounds (£5000) sterling, in fifty (50) shares of one hundred pounds (£100) each. 4\. The amount already paid up is nil. 5\. The name in full of the manager is Israel Truswell. 6\. The office of the company is at Lucky Woman's. The names and several residences of the shareholders, and tbe number of shares held by each at this date, are as follows: No. of Names. Addresses. Shares. Israel Truswell ... Lucky Woman's 10 Edward Morey. Lucky Woman's 10 Thomas Harrison... Linton's . 10 Alexander Nicholl Linton's . 10 William M'Kean ... Linton's. 10 ISRAEL TRUSWJSLL, Manager. Witness-HABBIE Woon. DONNYBROOK QUARTZ COMPANY. \- Creditors and Shareholders are requested to call at my office and sign the deed of assignment before Thursday next. By order of the Trustees. James Baker. rpRY AGAIN G. M. Company.--Notice JL is hereby given that a Call of £3 per Share is made payable on Saturday next, 3rd August, and every three weeks periodically until further notice. Edwin Moon, Ma- nager. _' "SUSSEX GOLD MINING COMPANY JLJ (Limited).- - Notice is hereby given, that a call of £1 per share, has been made payable on or before Thursday the 1st Aue.. 1861\. ' THOMAS BROADBENT, Manager. C- BCESU3 and STANDARD Companies Band of Hope Reef, Little Bendigo - A Meeting of the above will De held on Thursday evening, at half-past seven p.m., at Lester's Hotel. By order. SUBURBAN Mining Company?-A Spe- cial General Meeting of the Sharehold- ers will he held at the Port Philip HoteL on Friday, 2nd August, at 8 p.m. By order of the Committee. J, M'Quie, Sec, BRITISH WORKMAN GOLD MINING ! COMPANY, Brown's Paddock, Web «ter street.-Tenders are required for sup. I plying the above with props of not less than 9iu. thickness ; lengths as may be required ; i to be stringy bark, and clean. Also, 500 Laths, 4 feet long, and not less than 2in. thickness. To be left at the Works on or before Thursday instant, at 5 o'clock. FRANCIS J. LATHLAIN. Manager. ISTERS QUARTZ MINING CO MP ANY" (Limited).-TENDERS are invited by the above company for raising quarts at per ton or fathom. Particulars at the claim, Little Bendigo.-William Ford._ \TEW PERSEVERANCE Quartz Corn- ie pany, White Horse. - TENDERS wanted for raising quartz for the above com- pany. For particulars apply at once at the claim to W. M. Acheson, manager. ENDERS required (labor- only) for a sludge drain by the Danish Q. M. Co. by Thursday, 12 o'clock. Specifications to be seen at the claim. J. B. Halls, Sec. 'PENDERS are required for Raising from JL 200 to SOO loads of good Puddling Clay, at the Red Hill ; also, for Carting the same to the Durham Gold Mining Company's Claim, Swamp Lead. Tenders can be sent in for both or separately to the manager, at the company's office, No. 3 Temple Cham- bers, Lydiard street, where all particulars can be obtained, * on or before Friday next. THOS. CORNISH, Manager. 30th July._ r pENDERS.- Whole or Separate Tenders L will be received by the Gemini G. M. Company until the 2nd August, 1861, for the following work, viz., Erection of a 22 inch cylinder engine and two boilers, with pump- ing and winding gear; erection of poppet heads, brace, and engine house; supply of pumping and winding gear. Plana and specifications can be seen, and all particulars obtained, on application at the office of the company, Black Hill, Browns. THOMAS BRUCE, Manager. 'S ENDERS will be received by the Man L chester Alluvial Extended Company, Yandoit, up to Monday, seven o'clock p.m., 5th August, for sinking a shaft 100 feet deep, according to specifications to be seen at the Unicorn Hotel and Yandoit Hotel, j Yandoit. Tendera to be addressed Unicorn j Hotel, Ballarat. . JAMES PICKUP, Secretary. j BALLARAT DISTRICT ROAD BOARD, Learmonth.-TENDERS will be re- ceived until twelve o'clock on Friday, the j 2nd August, for building one Culvert, and j Breaking extra Metal neir Waldie's, parish j Ballarat. The lowest or any tender not ne- j ces3arilv accepted. " ROBERT HA VERY, Surveyor, i 24th July, 1S61._ rpo BUILDERS.-TENDERS wanted for i_ the erection of new business premises at the site of the old Exhibition Mart for H. Smith, Esq. Plans and specifications to be seen at my office until 3rd August.-F. O. KORN, Architect._i Four Choice Farms at Mount j Hollowback. F FOR SALE, the goodwill and leases of four choice farms in the highest state of cultivation. For particulars apply to Charles Seal, Esq , Mount Blowhard, or to Mr Sim, Scotsburn, Mouut Hollowback. Two Choice Farms at Mount Hollowback, FOR SALE or Lease. For particulars apply to Charles Seal, Esq, Mount Blowhard, or to Mr Sim, Scotsburn, Mount Hollowback. ! OR SALE.-The undermentioned valu- able Horseä and American Waggons, now to be seen at our premises, Four staunch draught horses, accustomed to go in single or double harness. Three first-rate roadsters. One American waggon, guarantee! to carry two tons or over. One American waggon (lighter) both built by best makers. LAZARUS & LEVINGER, 251 Main Road. FOR SALE in the Eureka Cement Com- pany, (limited) One Thirtieth Share. Apply at Mr Harcourt, Ironmonger, Lydiard street; or Mr Dewar, manager, on the claim. FOR SALE, a Plant, with two horses, whim, puddling machine, iron trucks; everything for the working of claim. Also, four hundred feet of fluming. Apply at Campbell's Hotel, Smythe's. _ FOR SALE, a 23-inch cylinder Engine, with two Cornish boilers. For particulars apply at the Enterprise Q. M. Company, Golden Point. Henry Bretherton, Secretary. FOR SALE one full fortieth Share in the Buninyong Gold Mining Company. For further particulars apply to JAMES BAKER, Auctioneer and Mining Agent, No. 1 Mechanics' Institute Chambers. Í, OR SALE, in the Kohinoor Company, a half sleeping share. Apply to James Williams, at the Poverty Point Quartz Mining Company, Poverty Point, Ballarat. GALVANIZED HtON ROOFING TILES.-2000 of Morewood and Rogers' best brand, on Sale at SMITH BROTHERS' TIMBER-YARDS. Will be sold cheap. Au Excellent Opportunity for au Industrious Man* rpo BE LET.-The Mount Rowan Vine i. yard and Nursery, containing about nine acres; two acres are under vines, eight hundred trees in orchard, and two acres in nursery; there are three dams to supply the vegetable garden with water; two-roomed cottage with brick chimney. The soil and situation is all that co-old be desired, and only ii miles distant from Ballarat, on the Creswick road Further particulars can be had on application to DDGALD M'ARTHUR, _ Mount Rowan Hotel. TO MACHINE AND ENGINE OWNERS.-Wanted, an eneine of about 8-horse power, oi shares, for the No. 2 claim, Rocky Lead, Bullarook. Gold is struck at the depth of 72 feet. Apply to Domenico Furn. Manager, on the claim, Rocky Lead, Bullarook. NOTICE.-A Meeting of the Creditors of Messrs Farrant, Partridge & Co., iron founders, Doveton street, will be held at my office on Thursday, 1st August, at twelve o'clock noon. The attendance of all creditors is requested. JOHN TUGWELL, Accountant. Commercial Chambers, 3 lat July, 186L I^RUST ESTATE of the late Erm of Dickson, Riddoch & Co.-Mr Robert M'Broom- Dickson is authorised to receive and collect all monies due to this estate. And we have to request that all accounts be settled forthwith. JOHN BREBNER, I ", . JOSEPH KATZENSTEIN, t lruatet» f o the Electors of Ripon and Hampden. GENTLEMEN,-In compliance with the request of several of your number, T do myself the honor to announce*that 1 am I a candidate foryour suffrages at the ensuing election; and although not a local mau, in the literal sense of the word, yet I am not altogether without some claim to that almost essential qualification for a country repre- sentative, from the fact of my having been a resident of Fiery Creek, in its early days, for nearly two yeats, and am still well known to many of ' the older reaxdenta of Ra^hm;. since which time I have resided within the ' same mining'district. _ My experience W a ininer datés from the time Hargreaves discovered Summerhill Creek. Since that period I have not by any maana been an inattentive observer, but on the contrary nave been identified with many of tlie movements for reform, in Mining and other legislation. In thus offering myself as a candidate far the honor of representing you in the new Parliament, I can conscientiously aver that I am not actuated by the desire of pecuniary gain or personal honor; on the contrary, should you.elect me, I can only' retain my seat at the no small sacrifies of being absent from my business. But I consider that the present is a time when all who wish for the future prosperity of this, the land of our adoption, must be np and doing; and, in the absence of .another ca didate in the liberal interest, for your district, I feel it would be neglecting an imperative duty, did I refuse to contest the election at this crisis, and thereby aid the success of those liberal prin- ciples I have for many years advocated. In the event of my being returned, you may depend that the interests of your im- portant district shall not suffer in my keep I ing. Identified, as I have hitherto been with the " up country* interest, I shall not fail to raise my voice against the systematic attacks on the public treasury, annually made by the Municipalities in and around Melbourne, and use my utmost endeavor to secure for the up-country districts their fair share of the public money. The following is an outline of the princi- ples I hold on political questions, and by which my action shall be guided, should I have thc honor of being returned as your representative On the Land Question, I am in favor of Free Selection before Survey, but failing that, I am willing to take the present Act as , a basis, but I would substitute lot in lien oi limited auction, and pm in favor of retain- ing the Commonage clauses in the sense in which they have been. interpreted by the present Ministry ; and am prepared tc affirm the continued issue of Occupation Licenses, with an increased area, and a much lower rental ; likewise the introduction ol Torrens' measure for simplifying the trans' fer of land. With reference to the question of the oe cupation of Crown lands for pastoral pur- poses, I shall support a system based upon the following principles \- 1st. That such lands as are not required for sale or settlement, or commons, and which are not occupied for mining purposes, may be let (In runs for pastoral occupation}, by auction, for a short term of years. 2nd. The Government in granting license! for such runs to reserve the right of with drawing any part of such run from license, at any time, and preserving to holders oi minéis' rights, the right of search for gold or such land, and the exercise of any privilege at present enjoyed by them wrtile following such search. The Government also to re serve the right of issuing occupation licenses, or of declaring any part of the run open foi settlement by sale, by proclaiming common or otherwise. I shall advocate prompt action in the mat ter of mining reform, by the better definía) of the Warden's duties, enlarging his juris diction, and dmplifying the law relating fa appeals to die Court of Mines. I am also in favor of the Ministerial BU for the settlement of the question of Minim on Private Property: of immediately abolish ing the Export Duty on Gold, and of estab Lushing a Colonial Mint. I am in favor of the Abolition of State Ali to Religion, and the establishment of atrul; National System of Secular Education. With regard to the question of Pay-men of Members, although not prepared to affirc the principle ba its entirety, I am wi ll in; that it should have a fair trial, by an annua vote on the Estimates. I shall most unflinchingly advocate such ; reform of the Upper House as will render i amenable to the requirements of the coull try, as all liberal legislation is a mere fare so long as it remains as at present const] tuted. I shall advocate the establishment of Dh trict Councils throughout the colony, am such other measures as will extend loee government. As the question of Free Trade versus Prc i tection is now being discussed by the variou constituencies, in oHer that there may b no mistake, I take this opportunity of de daring that I am a free trader, but I sha1 i be found ready at all times to support an; measure calculated to develope the in terni resources of the colony by the encourage ment of home manufactures, by facilita tin i distillation or otherwise. The above, Gentlemen, is an epitome c my views on the leading questions now > ( fore the country. I shall embrace ever opportunity of meeting you previous to th I day of election, and will then be' enabled t enter at greater length into those gres questions, the satisfactory solution of whic I will so greatly benefit the community. [ I have the honor to be, Gentlemen, Yours respectfully, _RONALD CAMPBELL. I To the Electors of the District ol Creswick. GENTLEMEN,-Yielding to the persui sions of many who, I believe, fair] I reflect the opinions of this district, I beg i offer myself as a candidate to represent yo in Parliament. Those who have requests me to come forward at the present erne: gency, considering this perhaps the greate electoral district in ihe coiopy, taking im account its numerous population, its iznmem mineral resources, and unequalled agricu tural productions, ought to choose fro: among themselves representatives identifie with its interests, yet having no person ends to subserve further than the promotic of the good of the district and general wc fare of the colony. I concur in the sentiment, now so freel admitted, that the great want of the color is a body of representatives who will iusis above aU things, upon an honest and efficiej administration of public affairs, and wi will not sacrifice the welfare of the co un ti to personal ambition, local aggrandizemen or to caprice of partisanship, without at controlling principles. My opinions on the leading questioi which at the present time are the subject public discussion, I trust are such as w merit your confidence and further the tri interests of the people at large. I will support such alterations in the Lai Act as will cause it to ba lesa^truitful of li gation, and at the same time render it mo effective in promoting the settlement of ti country by the extension of agriculture ai otherwise. Such amendments are urgent called for, and cannot, in my mind, be t liberal. * With reference to the regulation of ti 23rd May, styled the 20 -acre allotment sj tem, apart from doubts as to its legality, ai however popular it may be a¿ present, I a of opinion that those most eager to av; themselves of its suppose! advantages v, ere long discover the unreal nature of i working in its want of security of tenui and I am inclined to regard it more in t ! light of a political manouvre than conferri substantial benefits on those whose weal I professes to advance. The squatting system should be at on dealt with in an equitable manner, and thei by do away with the class antagonism i present unsettled position tends to foster. I am in favor of such an expenditure < immigration as the finances of the count will admit of, principally with a view to t reunion of families and equalisation of t 86X6% The rapid advances which our farmers a making in the supply of our wants in the w, of food, have brought us to that stage progress which renders it desirable that ti Legislature should, without delay, ado measures for encouraging distillation. If elected, that measure which will faci tab} the transfer of real property inti simplest and least expensive manner co B'stent with safety will have my support. I am in favor of a revision of the tariff, far as may be required for revenue purpose but am generally oppose 1- to protecti duties. I am favorable to the gradual reduction State aid to religion, but cannot concur the opinion that where the population is o sufficiently numerous and wealthy to eua tam | religious instructors the people should be suffered to go. without moral training and spiritual consolation. % I am in favor of education being conducted on a uniform system and in a more economi-, cal manner than at present) bot believe this to be consistent with reasonable concessions to denominational sentiments. Payment of members 1 as opposed to, un- less by the constituency they represent. .In conclusion, I beg to add that, if honored with your confidence I will mani- fest my appreciation thereof by a zealous attention to your interest, and a general support of such liberal mer .sures as may come before thc House tending to the well- being of our adopted country. I am, Gentlemen, Respectfully yours, ROBERT MACDONALD. Melbourne, 15th July, 1861. _ BALLARAT SAVINGS BANK, STU ET STBEKT, NEAR THE POST OFFICE. BANK OPEN DAILY FOR RECEIVING DEPOSITS, from 10 to 3, except Fridays, and on that day from 10 to 12. Also open on Saturday evenings, from 6 to 8. FOR MAKING REPAYMENTS to De- positors, on Wednesdays from 10 to 3. WILLIAM THOMAS POOLEY, Actuary. VICTORIA LIFE AND GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY, AXD SAVINGS INSTITUTE. HEAD OFFICE: 82 Collins Street, East, Melbourne. Capital, £3,000,000. Chairman of the Board -The Hon. HENEY MILLEE, M.L.C. SPECIAL FEATURES : 1\. Security that of a joint stock company, with a paid-up and accumulating capital, and the unlimited liability of a large and wealthy proprietary. 2\. Premiums the lowest that can be charged with safety, and payable either quarterly or half-yearly, at the option of ] tile assured. 3\. Guaranteed Bonus giving to tbs as- sured the profits of a mutual company, without the risk. 4\. Reduction of Premiums-At each de- cennial distribution of profita until tile payment of premiums cease. 5\. .All policies indisputable. 6\. No extra charge for services in the volunteer corps within the colony. JOSEPH COLLIE, Sec. Tables of Rates for Life Assurance, Forms ot Proposal, and all necessary information, will be furnished on application at the Office of the Ballarat Agency, Sturt street. _W. C. SMITH, Agent. tEUROPEAN ASSURANCE SOCIETY À ISSUES POLICIES of GUARAN- TEE for FIDELITY, in favor of officials in the service of the Government, the banks, the public institutions, and commercial firms of Australia. Branch offices in Sydney, Adelaide, Laun- ceston, Geelong, &c.; Melbourne office-99 Collins street west. Agent for Ballarat CHAS. DYTE, Auctioneer, Main Road. AUSTRALASIAN FIRE. LIFE, AND MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY. HEAD OFFICE: Hall of Commerce, Melbourne. DtRECTOBS: Chairman-ROBERT KERR, ESQ.., J.P. Vitt- Chairman W. H. TUCKETT, ESQ., J.P. Josh. Sutherland, Esq. Edward Cohen, Esq. E. L. Montefiore, Esq. J.P. J.P. James Spowers, Esq. Secretary-WM. MACREDIE, ESQ., J.P. Solicitors- MUTTLEBURY & MALLESON AGENT FOB BALLARAT: SPENCER WILSON, Humffray street (next to Dr Clendinning's). COLONIAL INSURANCE COMPANY. EMPOWERED by Act of Parliament, for ¡ FIRE INSURANCE, LIFE ASSU- RANCE, and FIDELITY GUARANTEE. Capital . £200,000. R. & S. GIBBS, Agents For Ballarat and Creswick. QUEEN INSURANCE COMPANY LIVERPOOL. Agents at Melbourne: MESSRS MICHAELIS, BOYD & CO. Agent for Ballarat: C. A. TUXEN, Main Road. MELBOURNE FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY. HEAD OFFICES, 26 COLLINS STREET WEST, MELBOURNE. John Halley, Esq., President. Andrew Ferguson, Esq., Vice-president. Capital, £500,000, Subscribed and Guaranteed, £128,500. Buildings, Merchandise, Farm Stock, and Mining Plant, insured at the lowest current reduced rates of premium. CHRISTR. HALL, Sec. J. S. CARVER, Agent, Armstrong street, Ballarat. UINNEFORD'S PURE FLUID MAGNESIA HAS been, during twenty-five years, em- phatically sanctioned by the Medical Profession, and universally accepted by the Public, as THE BEST REMEDY for ACIDITY OF THE STOMACH, HEART- BURN, HEADACHE, GOUT AND INDIGESTION, I and as a mm APERIENT for delicate consti- tutions, more especially for Ladies and Children. Combined with the AGIDULATÈD LEMON SYRUP, It forms an agreeable Effervescing Draught, j in which its aperient qualities are much in- creased. During HOT SEASONS and, above all, in HOT CLIMATES, the regular use of tins simple and elegant remedy has been found highly beneficiaL Manufactured (with the utmost attention to strength and purity,) by DINNEFORD & Co., 172, NEW BOND STREET, LONDON ; And sold by all respectable Chemists throughout tiie Empire. READ what Other People Say about HARPER TWELVETREES* SOAP I POWDER for cheap and easy washing Tvithout rubbing the clothes. "We confess we are surprised at the result of the process. The linen was beau» tifully white, and the washing which for- merly occupied twelve hours, was over before breakfast'"-From the Mother's Vaga, sine for February. *'We gave your Soap Powder a fair trial, and it far exceeded Our most sanguine expectations. Our washing, which used to take two women a whole day, is now over easily in the morning, and the saving of time, labor, and expense is astonishing.'' - J. DIXON, Whitehaven.-Upwards of seven thousand testimonials have been received from regular consumers. Don'ftíondemn the thing untried. Parchase a single packet and be convinced. Patentee H&RPEP.; TWELVETREES. A cents for Australia-Ebw. WHTIBT, 25 Flinders lane east, Melbourne; E. & W Paul, 89, York street, Sydney. CONSULTATION FEE BY LETTER ONE POUND. DOCTOR L. L. SMITH, Surgeon Accoucheur, Licentiate of the Apothecaries* Society ot England, Member of Medical Board of Victoria. ADVICE GRATIS. Morning befoM Eleven. The Evenings be- tween Six and Half-past Eight. PRIVATE CONSULTATION FEE, TEN SHILLINGS, (Including Medicines.) Dr L. L. SMITH intimates to the public that for this last nine years he has had the largest practice and one of the most extensive in this colony. From every part of the colonies he is dai'y consulted, not only by those afflicted with the ordinary maladies incidental commonly io the human frame, and to this colony in particular, but in all those diseases which have baffled the skill and science of the most eminent surgeons aud physicians of the day; the well-known name of Dr L. L. Smith," which bas now become as familiar to the ears of the Sydney, Adelaide, and Victorian public, as household words, has naturally caused those suffering from these more serious diseases to consult him as a dernière resource. Dr L. L. Smith has thus gained not only a competency and independent position in this colony, but he has also gained the highest amount of prac- tical and theoretical experience in his pro- fession. To THOSE BESiDiNO IN THE BDSH desirous of consulting and being under his IMMEDIATE TREATMENT. Dr L. L. Smith begs leave to state that he has for their convenience estab- lished one of our largest private institutions in the colony, namely : A LOCK HOSPITAL, And Hospital for Skin Diseases. This admirable institution combines within itself for the patient all the ADVANTAGES OF A HOME, together with the GREATEST PEI VAOT and certainty of speedy cure. It has been weil supported and patronised by the public for some four years, and that too at a time when, as is well known by all old colo- nists, every other institution of a similar character failed. Indomitable perseverance, stead? attention to his patients, together with the advantages of extraordinary expe- rience in his profession, and one of the largest medical libraries in the colony for reference, has been the sole secret of the success of this institution and its founder. Diseases of the Eye and Ear, Diseases of Women and Children, SKIN DISEASES. Syphilitic and Nervous Affections, Particularly attended to. SEPAEAÏE HOÜKS EXCLUSIVELY FOE CON- SULTATIONS BY LETTES, WHICH LATTER ABB MSIEDLATELY AN8WEBED PERSONALLY BY DB L. L. SMITH. Honrs for Consultation Gratuitously: Mornings, before Eleven; Evenings, Six till Half-past Eight o'clock. CONSULTATION FEE, BY LETTER, £1. DR L. L. SMITH, 192, 192J. and 194 Bourke street east, Melbourne. Separate entrance to surgery, through Westwood place, nearly opposite back of Protestant Hall, Little Collins street. _<5ggioug._ STEAM ENGINES.-The Undersigned are Agents for Messrs T. AL Tennant & Co., Edinburgh, and have now on Sale Twenty horse power high pressure beam engines; also, Fifty horse power high pressure horizontal steam engines. HOLMES, WHITE, & CO., Geelong. DOMESTIC SERVANTS. - Employers may obtain women servants of every description, upon application, by letter or otherwise, to the- undersigned. Servants forwarded by coach to any part of the dis- trict at employers' expense. Tue under- signed also supply all kinds of farm and station laborers, mechanics, &c.; A. R. & F. FITCHETT, Market square, Geelong. ffîtïbouvnt. SCOTT'S HOTEL. Collins Street West. THE Proprietor of the above establishment begs to inform his customers, and the public generally, that his Hotel is now com- pleted, and ready for occupation. And in doing so, takes this opportunity of assuring his supporters that everything has been done to make this hotel the most complete in Australia. Squatters will find that, from the increased accommodation of the new building, their comfort can be more completely secured ; and the proprietor assures them that it will always be his study, as hitherto, to make them as much at hume as possible. Hot and cold baths. Private rooms for dinner parties, &c.; E. SCOTT, Proprietor, (late of the Port Phillip Club Hotel.) CLAYTON, SHUTTLEWORTH, & CO.'S Celebrated MACHINERY. Sole agents, JOSEPH WILKIE & CO., Queen street north, Melbourne. ALEX. MA.CFAB.LAN & GO., aAVE constantly on hand-Steam En- gines, from 2 to 60 horse power. Fire Engines, Boilers, Flour Mills, Screw Cutting and Turning Lathes, Punching and Drilling Machines, Crab Winches, Boiler Plate, Angle Iron, Tram Plates and Rails, Pump Pipes, Boiler Composition, Rivets, Rubber Belting, Pump Leather, Flat and Round Rope, Pig Iron, Fire Bricks, and a large stock of EN- GINEERING and MINING MACHINERY. Melbourne, 13 Flinders lane east. MAGUIRE & Co., Importers of Ameri- can mining boots, and india rubber boots and shoes, removed from 32 to 26 King street, Melbourne. ffliBtlltam darice & Sotte' GOLD AND BULLION OFFICES Aim DEPOSIT BANK, ELIZABETH STREET, MELBOURNE, Open from 10 a.m. till half-past 4 p.m., for the Receipt and Payment of Money. DEPOSITS are Received at the under- mentioned Rates, viz. : Repayable 'without notice) on demand, 5 per cent, per annum. Repayable, with 3 months' notice, 6 per cent, per annum. Repayable, with 6 months' notice, 7 per I Cent, per annum. Repayable, with 12 months' notice, 8 per cent, per annum. Money for deposit may be sent by post or draft, and the Deposit Receipt will be for- warded by return mail. Deposit Receipts for repayment may be forwarded by post, and the money will be remitted by return. Notes and Bills of Exchange, British or Foreign, collected or purchased. Gold and Silver, in Coin, Bullion, or Bars purchased. ' Drafts granted on London, payable at sight. Gold in any quantity melted and assayed. 