VICTORIA By the Colchester, which arriTedyesteraay, *o hare received three dayi' late*1 pews from Melbourne, but the papers contain little ofim portanee. We subjoin the following j— IitirtOBATiOJi".—In the Legislative Assembly on tine 26th March Mr. Verdon moved that a worn not exceeding £80,000 be granted far im migration purposes. Mr. Loader supported the motion, on the ground that the state of the oolony called for snoh vote. Since the passing of the Constitution Actr the moiety of the revenue from land formerly applied to'immi gralion had gone into the general exchequer; and with the limitation of the subsequent totes for immigration the prosperity of the country had declined. He vnl'"*i*ri'6 (hat the 15,-477 | assisted Immigrants who errfred -in-2852 had; cost £202,667, had contributed tothe iwnmne £1,083,"390, and to the aroulation of ospital to the extent of £10,837,900. He mdcq?atrf that tke 80,526 assisted immigrant* -wno-nfcd been brought in between 1852 and 185^.had .cost £1,288,661, had contributed to'the-revenue £3,820,446, and to the circulation of capital £36,301,100s the calculation proceeding on -the supposition that each of these immigrants spent only £100 a year. It waa impossible to argue against the grant- on the ground of there being too many people in the country, every successive arrival creating more labour, and the real want of the country being population? ■Experience had shown:that, with State assis tance, luge sums were sent borne by persons to bring out their friends. For the lost three years, the applications for assisted tickets for the passage of friends from home had averaged ten per day. Immigration could not be the cause cf the existing distress, because, practi cally, immigration had ceased; and though the total population had increased by : births,'the adult population had actually decreased, so ex tensive had been the emigration that had gone -on. The time had come when, there shduld be a return to the old system. The resolutions before the House only proposed to give parties in the colony facilities for obtaining assistance Mr. 5c to bring out their frienda. Mr. Hon opposed the motion, believing that the mass of the people disapproved of the scheme, and dreadepf that it should be carried out. Thesebenie was; radically false in theory, and could have no -other than a mischievous influeuoe on the for tunes of the co.ony. Its direct object -was the redaction of the price of Iabour, that capitalists might build up colossal fortunes on the'rained femes"and healths of the labouring classes. The scheme was that of Wakefield, which was not prop wed in the interest of the working elassea. Bemove the restrictions to'the settle ment of the people on this portion of God's earth, and there would be no necessity for assisted immigration. He twitted the Com missioner of Customs with having changed his -views on the subject, and with having shown no reasons for the change. The voluntary im migration from 1838 downwards had keen larger than the assisted immigration'; and' it would - be eo again if the country should again, become as prosperous aa it was some; years ago. He closed' a very -lengthy -speech by advocating the principles -of protection as the true source of -the prosperity of nations. He threatened the Ministry with a day of -reckoning if they pro ceeded on their present course, and advised the withdrawal of the. resolutions. He then moved that the Bum to he granted be one shilling. The earn in the hands of the Com missioners in London was sufficient for the ser vice of the year, even under the scheme of the -Government. The Committee then divided, when the motion was a creed to—Messrs. Bon, Donald, Gillies, and Hedley alone voting for the amendment. The first resolution was thai put, when Mr. Nicholson moved that the sum be reduced to £50,000, which he desired to be applied mainly to the introduction of females, to equalize the sexes, from the various parts of the United Kingdom, and through the action -of agents, and not of the present Commis sioners, in whom, as regards this kind of emi gration, he liad lost confidence. Mr. O'Shanassy never rose with a greater feeling of languor—arising, first from the spiritlessness of the debate, and next from ill-health. He was surprised at the thinness of the benches on the discussion of such an important question, especially when he remembered that the late Ministry had been thrown out, among other reasons, because this question was not on their first programme; and he was not particularly gratified that the Ministry whom he had helped to put in had let four months pass before bring ing this question on, while ho could not forget that the hon. member for Sandridge voted -during last session against a proposition similar in character to his amendment, submitted by him (Mr. O'Shanassy), though the sexes were ' -then as unequal in point of numbers as they -were now. He saw no principle in the amend ment, and should have preferred that a distinct political issue should hare been reused. He should like to tee the policy of the country in the matter settled by Bin. He denied that the object of the supporters of the motion was to reduce wages. It was an utter. perversion of reason to suppose that such a motive could actuate the movers. The history of the country proved that with immigration the social Con dition of the worker had always improved; and the relation of wages to the price of food showed that the labourer, while benefiting the countay, also advantaged himself by coming to this colony. He could anticipate little good from an annual vote, and greatly regretted that the question had not been dealt with in a form to make it permanent. Cheap land, the mem ber for Collingwood argued, would be sufficient to attract population; but the argument had not been found to apply to the Cape of Good Hope, where the land was from 2s. to 4s. fid. an acre, and which was only half the distance from England. Mr. Haiues said the aobjcct had been exhausted, and he rose to express his regret that the whole sum originally proposed had not been asked for. Experience liad con vinced him of the advantages of immigration to the country generally, as well as to the industrious and frugal labourer individually. Hood agricultural labourers were much re quired in the colony. Much of the distress that existed was occasioned by their being necessarily in a colony such as this veiy many persons who could give no labour, or only very inferior labour, for the wages ofTercd. Mr. Donald argued that this was hot the time when money should be spent in bringing out more labourers and poor persons to this colony. He moved that the item be reduced to £20,000, which, with the amount in the hands of the Commissioners, would be enough for the year. Mr. Gillies proposed that the sum should be £30,000, which would be euffi- j cient for the purposes the hon. member for ' Sandridge had in view. Amendments pro posed by Mr. Donald, Mr. Gillies, and Mr. Nicholson were negatived in succession, rhe numbers on the lost division being 29 to 23. After some observations from Mr. Eraser, Mr. Woods, and Mr. Cathie, the original motion was agreed to. Commercial MoBALrrr.—-The following is from the Artpta of March 25 :—" A meeting, called by advertisement in this morning's issue, of' those purchasers who paid £18 per ton for rice, ex Beverley, at Fraser & Cohen's sale by auction, March 7, 1861,' was held soon alter noon at the Duke of Bothesay, Elizabeth street. Mr. Peterson was called to the chair. It appears that at the sale in question the rice was put up, and several large dealers took off 1,000 bags escb, at £18 per ton. Others then came forward, and bought at the same price. It was afterwards discovered that the first purchasers were allowed a rebate of 2| per cent., or 9s. per ton. By this arrangement they were enabled to undersell others who bought at the same same sale, as they believed, on the same terms. Mr. Edward Cohon, who was present, admitted that a rebate had been allowed, but declared it was without his knowledge. He deprecated the practioe, which he said Bhonld not occur a coin in the auction rooms of himself and partner. ' Beference wag also made to a parcel I of tea, which, after having been sold privately, was put up by Sir. William Hammill, a sales man in the employ of Messrs. Fraser and Cohen, and knocked down to the purchaser at a fictitious price. Of tbiB transaction Mr. Cohen had never heard, and he fully concurred with the meeting that such a proceeding could not be defended. The whole of the gentlemen present aoquitted Messrs. Fraser & Cohen of all knowledge in either instance. After some discussion, a resolution, proposed by Mr. Leveeon and seconded - by Mr. Edward Cohen, was unanimously adopted:—' That no previous understanding between vendors, auctioneers, and bnyers should bo permitted at auction sales.' This matter has excited considerable J interest, as the several letters addressed to this ! journal bear evidence. We regret that we are compelled to hold over our report of the pro ceedings." The Argun of the 27th March has a leader upon the above subject, from which we make the following extracts "What is 'commercial morality,1 as it is understood in these colonics ? Is it epi tomised in the parental advice of the dying Quaker—' Make money, my son; honestly if you can, but make money ?' What is mercan tile 'respectability' as it presents itself to -the mind of Mr. Edward Cohen ? Is it merely roguery undetected? The rostrum and philo sophy hare an ancient connection.• Is the new maxim in the commercial morals which we are taught from tbo rostrum of Mesns, Fraser —respectability is :fratri walktilg **,r^ garb of honesty? > Hare ire •?«%**«??? ^r°° congregate on- our" Exri/suge orfly ftfo .duaet -Se ^ **« the ^ ton. taction* r to whwh* -no r wotddlend '^^3 s ni Jjat men of: &e; :®d; patch .t^ou ?j TffWo^ ere "the practices of thetrade let it at: beat i* Confessed that those who water an, auction-room.tq bid in good fanfh may hot be' deoeired hrytbe ccrafidenwwh^theyrepose in the character of the. firm with which,they prcpose td do business. if it is riot the pipof tioe, Jet the firm to whom *» hare alluded, and wKoee characteriaa "hitherto been entirely withbut'reproach, set its face-most resolutely , I and Jealously against 'practice* , ofthis objec tionable character for the future.. By auch a. course itwill beat overcome this present scandal, and assist" in' redeeming the character of com mercial Melbourne." *■■'--■ By the Aiding* we bare Melbourne papers to the 2nd of April. ' We subjoin. various , items of news. i . , Dmnuuxtow.—Ministers - have. announced in thefjegislaUTe Assembly that they will pro pose, at an early day, resolutions in favour of the Imposition of* duty on spirits dislUled iu the oowny, -with* view to. focourage this dis tillation of the damaged grain of which, there was so'much in the colony this season. The duty to be propsed, it "yras birited,would be smaller than the import duty levied on spirits. The proposition -seemed to be received- with some favourin the House.—-dryu*.! ' lunoBitrosr.—last "night- (the 28tb) the Legislative Assembly was almost exclusively engaged in discussing the. resolutions on the sufgeet of immigration-submitted by Govern ment. The scheme "was extensively amended,. aDd, havingreoeived the sanction of the Lower House, will come;Into operation almost,im mediately. Ttrwas agreed that £39,000'should be devoted to free female immigration, £34,000 to assisted immigration, £4,000 to the assisted importation of experienced vine- dressers, wine makers, olive-growers, olive-oil makers,, and preservers of. iruit in s "dried. form;. and £2,000 to cany out the resolutions. The schedule 'was amehded by strikihg out the larger turns forpereons ' over'- SO yeareof age, ana reducing that for males 40 years and up wards to'£6, and tor females in the same cate gory to £3. Ministers abandonedtheir scheme of.lecturers,;and obtain3 the small vote for. managementwithont restriction.—Argus. Qcaktz-ChushiKG. -4- The ; discovery an nounced recently at Ballarat, of a. method of dealing with the tailings from "quartz-mills, by. Which :-they were:found to yield gold in large quantities—Porter's process—has occasioned great. interest throughout the country, and' especially at Bendigo, where thef sludge," far from bring a nuisance, would be of great price if the treatment welre found to produce in practice the results riud to hare been ob tained -from it by experiment. Later trials, however, sure not. so promising as those pre viously -reported. The Brit is thus alluded to in the 'Ballarat Star i>£ Thursday:—"Ex periments on the. nfetr process of Mr. Porter. are proceeding with unabated vigour, ' and with somewhat.' varying results. , Mr. Watson, of the ' Vulcaii_i'ouhdry, yesterdpy_ completed'an experiment .'.on about li cwt.of tailings, from the Old Post-Office Company's. claim. Ih this case new.quicksilver and a new ' retort were employed, and the quicksilver was'. employed in the proportion of 1 lb. to 2£'lbs. of tailings. The experiment occupied about two days, and the result was some few globules of mercury and sundry pieces apparently of iron, but no gold was visible. Whether or not the globules contain any gold Mr. Watson has not yet ascertained, but he will test them further." CAPTAIN CaDELL AND THE GIFTS LAND La EES.—At tfae lait meeting of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce the following letter and enclosure from Capt. Cadell were taken into consideration:—" 110, Bourke-street west, 1st March, 1861.. Sir—1 beg to enclose a copy of my letter to the Hon. the Chief Secretary relative to the * Entrance of the Gipps Land Lakes and Hirers/ which'I would request that you lay before the Chamber; and should the proposition meet the approval of the Chamber, I shall feel obliged by its supporting the same with the Government.. I remain, Sir, &c;^ E. W. Cadedd. John Russell, Esq., Secretary Chamber of Commerce, Ac."—" 110, Bourke street west, 26th Eebruaiy, 1861. Sir—1 have tfae honour to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 24th January, received on my return to town, conveying to me the information that Government could not assent to my second proposed plan for establishing a steam communication betwixt the metropolis and the lakes and rivers of Gipps Land. 1 would now respectfully submit in writing the verbal proposition which I made to you yester day—viz., to grant me the 'right of ferry' through the entrance to the lakes for a period often (10) years, I binding myself to put on a suitable vessel. Former, and very bitter, experience has shown me the necessify of ob taining such a right, and that others are but too ready to reap the advantage of the atten dant dangers, risks, losses, and expenditure that are incideatal to the pioneer. Vessels with which 1 have been connected, to the value of £17,000, have been lost in establishing the trade on the Murray; now the river is eaten up with opposition. This enterprise which I propose to undertake is fraught with vast benefit to an extensive and hitherto neglected district; and I can see no valid Teason, but the reverse, why a right of ferry should be granted to one man for putting a wretched punt across a river, and withheld from another who is willing to embark in an important undertaking. As to the power Of Government fixing the maximum rate of freight, I submit that commerce should be left untrammelled, free from official control, and allowed' to regulate its own requirements. 1 do not propose to close any of the existing means of communication with Gipps Land, hut to open another; those means which have hitherto supplied the district since the estab lishment of tfae colony will be as available as ever. And as regards tfae statement that Government is allowed to fix the maximum rate of carriage on a railway, I would williugly recognise such powers, provided that the water was ceded to me in perpetuity as tho land is to a railway. However, rather than abandon a long-cherished undertaking, with which my name has been connected, and which I am still desirous of earning through, and if regarded by Government as a fine qua non, I would reluctantly concedo the power of fixing a maximum rate, taking it for granted that rates which I can show that the inhabitants of the district express themselves as willing to pay should be taken as the basis of such rate.—J have, &c.;, F. W. Cadeija The Hon. the Chief Secretary." Tbe following resolution was passed with reference to the above proposal:—" That this Chamber disapproves of granting such eiclu aire rights as those asked. for by Captain Cadeli, for establishing steam communication between the metropolis and the lakes and rivers of Gipps Laud, bat wouldurgo upon the Government to offer by public, tender a liberal subsidy to any person who would open up the said communication, and maintain the same for a period of twelve months." Fabmsrs' Show.—We have already stated that South Australian wheat took the first prize at the Port Phillip Farmers' Show. The ''Herald, speaking of the .Exhibition generally, says" More than usual importance, it was thought, attached to this Show, chiefly on account of the probability that 'the hest grain' exhibited would be selected for the Great Ex hibition to be held in England in 1862; but also from the circumstance that the several lota of prize grain from all or many of the local districts would be placed in competition with each other. So tar, however, as selec tion for the .English Exhibition is con cerned. the Boval Commission showed 210 sign of life, or that it cared to embrace the present opportunity for se lecting what is necessary for the proper representation of this grain- producing colony in the mother-country. It may be thought that as the Great Exhibition will not be held till May, 1862, next season's crop will be in time, if not for the colonial exhibition in Oc tober, at anyrate for the English one. This may be so 'to a certain eitcnt, bnt there will certainly not be sufficient time next year to select from the grain of the whole colony. Mr. Edward Wilson, however, has purchased a quantity of the prize wheat for transmission to England, to be' sewn there. The Show was, upon the whole,, highly successful, and the produoe exhibited folly proves bow well this climate is adapted for the growth of all kinds of grain, and, indeed, everything that the agri-1 culturiat can wish to raise." Yolttkzekb Moveicknt.—The Melbourne papers contain lengthened accounts of the pro ceedings at the Volunteer Camp at Wernbee. The efficiency of .the foroe is spoken very highly ot v. COlOtWCIAL. \- j®1* OTP®® °f the iJit- of April contain the following-notices of the markets :— The com market continues firm. Breadstuffs have still an upward tendency. Imports are light, and a steady demand works off any flour-coming to hand. Horse-feed is unaltered, and upon the whole prices remain the same as at the close of last week. The Port Phillip Farmers' Society's annual Show came bff on' Wednesday.' Tic:grain.iihow Sj Bottnexoefcsdf Htoerquintttyor quality/of tveir; but the cereals Were far superior, to VPtinpsVmn' considering the season, The only article apparently indicating.the.wpt.season.Ass the gram growh upon - the Government Model Farm, which was in colour "and more ihri veiled in comparison" with that grown last year Hie esculents were- certainly good. ■. As .usual,' much diversity .of opinion__ existed as to' the award" Of pVues,, .t&e; Juagesof each sue-, ceeding year varying as." to qualities, qualifi cations, sc., so as" to entitle one description of wheat, as- more deserving of notice than another—some of the wheat exhibited, mown in. this colony.and considered by experienced farmers, and millers'of a superior character, not .having called for either.prize or notice. A sample of superfine flour from the hew mills or Messrs. John Dunn & Son, Mount Barter, South Australia, attracted considerable notice.. and, although not awarded the first prize, was "honourably mgrjaefl."' by-a silver medaL' This flour is the produce of a ted and fitted with the most mill newly erected and fitted with the most approved machinery of recent construction. The flour was well ground,'and of fine quality, ami' having that'beautiful'golden marks its genuineness and ; the colony that claim's it. . awarded 'to Victorian floUr, which for clearness of I colour and fineness of dressing could not be ex celled." "When 'such flour can be produced here there is no cause to complain of the quality of the wheat of this year's growth. Estimated imports of flour and grain, at the port of Melbourne, • from 21st March to 27th.March, inclusive:—Flour: South -Australian. 225 tons; Tasmanian, 10 tons; Victorian (coastwise), 50 tons. Wheat: South Austrffiaiv&700 budieIs; Tas manian, 2,300 bnshels; Victorian, (coastwise), 4,100bushels. Oats: Tasmanian, 14,900 bushels Victorian (coastwise), 1,700 bushels.' Bariey: Tas manian, 500 bushels: "Bran: -South Australian, 4,000 bushels: Tasmanian, 1,500 bushels; Vic torian (coastwise), 250 bushels. Closing quotationsflour: Adelaide sorts, 18/. to 18/. 10s. : Hart's and Magarey's superfine, 19/.; Tasmanian and Victorian, 17/. 10s., town and country; Chilian and Califomiati, 17/:: United States, 38s. to 48s.; Haxali. Callego, and Dunlop's, 42s. per barreL Wheat: 7s. to. 8s. . per bushel. Oats : Scotch and Irish,1 2s. to 3s.; Dutch and Danish. 3s. to 3s. 3d.; CaliforniaD, 3s. 4d. to 3s. 6d.; Colonial, 3s. 9d. to 4s. per bushel. -Barley: ■ Cape, 5s. 6d. to 6s. 6d.; English malting, 6s. to 7s. Maize, 6s. 6d. per bushel.- Gram, 121. 10s. per ton. Bran, Is. 3d. per bushel Oatmeal: Imported sorts, 18/. to 19/.; Colonial, 25/. per ton. Malt: English, 13s. 6d. to 14s.1 per bushel. Hay, hy draulic pressed, 71. to-710s. per ton. Potatoes, 3Z. 10s. to 4/. per ton. Oaions,3/. 10s. to4/-. per ton. 