CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-The deaths of children have been so often commented on lately in, your journal, by statists,' public and private writers, by allopathy, home.)-, path-, and hydropathy, that, in our country, where immigration is stopped, and our young mood- are ruthlessly swept away, the subject of populating the land may possibly have occupied. the attention of those in whose potent hands lie the means, and induce them to adopt whatever necessary mode may be pointed out to stay this wholesale- destruction of the seedlings of our growing nation. Disease owes its offspring and spread more or less to external circumstances, and the epidemics, scarlatina and measles, at present raging 988 their malignity entirely to atmospheric influences, and the consequences produced by these on the susceptible frames of children, who are mostly lodged in wooden tenements, sensible, as a thermometer to changes of temperature, and wherein the old country abominations of closeness, dirt, and over-crowding are tenfold intensified and I aver that every .) stein of medical treatment yet devised is totally inadequate to save the lives, of these poor infants, turner such disadvantages for the physician, when called, sees nothing before him but the concluding scene of a fatal malady, the real commencement of which begins months before, in malaria, filth, and suffocation, and to remedy which would require so violent a, change of nature's inevitable laws as to amount to a miracle The medical art possesses no such power, and hence the dissatisfaction felt and expressed by the public, as above noticed, at the inefficacy of remedial means. But how in- estimable theorising: if, instead of boating the wind, and calling on- every false god for help, they would accept the inevitable truths of Hygienic science for their relief, and adopt the means placed at their disposal by her law. I therefore earnestly direct the attention of your. r< adhere to an article on a Children's Hospital, is the number of the Australian Medical Journal just issued, which I have read with the greatest pleasure. Its' solo fault is in proposing to have one hospital, instead of at least four placed on the cordon of our city. The fundamental rule of these should be self support, none other should be for an instant admitted ; did they might besides he made to serve 1 second and hardly less important purpose-that of sheltering and protecting children below a certain ago in wholesome apartments, while the parents are engaged in daily gaining their living 'foreign nations, the Danish for example, have for more than a century enjoyed such institutions and I believe I am correct in having that a: public institution is looked upon by them with greater favour. Much-an hospital, built on the newest principle' and holding 100 beds, replete with every convenience, could be now built for a sum very little if at all, exceeding £5,000 ; but at the head of each it would be absolutely necessary to have lady trained to the office. The difficulty raised by the editor, that of the selection of suitable medical talent, in his plan of a single hospital, does not apply to this. Tai councils of-the various municipalities, and the local subscribers, could supply an amount of! ability and knowledge only limited by the possessed by our whole profession resident in and around this city. Sir, many as have been the favours conferred by Ibe^tiuslralian Medical Journal on the profession and on the public, it has never yet l>: screwed so great a boon on them as if, by its native cacy it shall have been the means of successful 101 agitating the building of children's and auxiliary hospitals among us. I have the honour to IIB. Jim.. J. V. MACKEN-te, - 