SYDNEY, ErsoM odk coEBBsrorDCJT.l Sydney, February 27. 1881. At length the disturbances between th« diggers and the Chinese at Lambing Flat have attained lo ?uch an alarming height tbat the rigorous -arm of military power in found necessary to renora order. On Friday, Id consequence of intelligence .received by the Government, it m determined not only to increue the police force at Lambing flat, bat to send offall die military that conld be spared from Sydney, including a party of artillery and three field-piece*, twelve-pounder*. Active measures were instantly adopted to carry fthit formidable measure into operation, by the purchase of about 1 fitly hones for the artillery, which mi efieeted on Saturday and Sunday by Captain McLeire, the Super intendent of Police,. anil Captain Lovell, of the I2ih Begiment, assisted by Mr. Armstrong, veterinary ?drgeon. New harness and other equipments had also to be provided. On Monday afternoon the railway station at Kedfern exhibited an animated scene, when the military with their arms and am. munition entered the carriages provided for their conveyance, and. proceeded at route for Liverpool, amidst the cheers of some thousands of persons whom the unwonted occasion iad attracted to the terminus. A party of the mounted police accompa nied the military. It was probable that these for midable preparations for military operation would be the subject of early enquiry iu Parliament, and accordingly last evening Mr. Cowper gave an inter esting statement. . ? About tnid-day'on Monday last, seventeen of tin: prisoners at Daiiiugbnnt gaol (Cockatoo birds) con?: trived to make tneirescape from confinement. They t were supposed to be at work at oakum picking in ?IS. »^&Ug; tjawm. rBosh wmpojittoDS «cre?tfoir liect, ftHfihe men,' instead of being at prison Uboar. were employed in removing twoortbrastnaes from the wall with apiece of bar iron, and ere their vigi lant watchers knew what had assembled mcrowd«C them at one point, seventeen of them bad made their way through the aperture, and dispersed themselves over the heights of Darlinghunt. One of them seeing a horse at a door, waiting for his master (Mr. Cobley, professor of music), took French leave or the animal, and was soon 'over the bills and far away.' Another of the gang borrowed a hone in the like way. An ahum was made with such promptitude, that fourteen of the gaol-birds were soon re-captured. In the House of Assembly last evening, iu reply to a question from Mr. Parkes on the subject of the escape, Mr. Cowper said, that 17 prisoners made their escape under peculiar circumstances. He (Mr. Cowper) had visited the gaol, and had seen the place through which they escaped, and it seemed almost miraculous bow they conld have managed to get away at the particular time they chose. Tbo turnkeys io charge could scarcely suppose any at tempt of the kind would be made, as the prisoners wen then in a yard not much larger tLan tliis chamber; but they so managed to conceal tlicir operations as not only to break turongb. the stone wall, but to escape through the not very large hole, to the number of seventeen. The fact first became known by the principal turnkey (acting for the gaoler who was under suspension), who. on coming from dinner, saw about twelve ot the prisoners out side the gaol wall, and he (Mr: Cowper) bad do doubt but for this timely discovery a much larger number would have soon been out. It was, however, satisfactory that all bad been captured except throe A noble vessel, the Hottpur, of 1610 tons, com maded by Captain Stacey. arrived here on Monday, after a fine passage of 85 days from England^ She adds 482 immigrants to osr population. The OUter Cromwell, Captain Lawson. arrived on Hofluay in 87 days from the Isle of Wight. An equally good passage was made by the Granite City, Captain Lean, which came in yesterday from Lon don, bringing eleven passengers, and a Iaige cargo of general merchandise. The next arrival we coul£ well have spared. It was a Danish vessel called the Jupiter, with 159 Chinese immigrants from Bong Kong. On Satnrday last the companies of the Sydney Volunteer Bifles met on the University paddock for the purpose of being reviewed. The morning was a teDpestuons one, but the men preferred undergoing the proposed inspection, rather than adopt the sng SBStum of their officers to defer it to a £oer day. Though the Tain poured in torrents, with thunder and' lightning, the men faced the storm bravely, and dressed by Adjutant leavers and Colonel .Kempt, wiib informed them tbat the Government baring determined to send all the available force now in Sydney to quell the disturbances at Lambing. Flat, were desirous that the Volunteers ahoald take rand duty at the Banadks. Government House, the Go vernment stores, and other places when the soldiers of the 12th have been accustomed to perform sentinel duty. A hope was expressed that |he Volunteers would assent to the proposed regulation, though it might cause some personal trouble and inconvenience. The intimation was received by the assembled corps with loud acclamations, leaving no doubt on the mind of the Acting-Governor. Colonel Kempt, of their willingness to undertake the duty proposed to them. Accordingly the new made soldiers am i*Sy «nd nightly taking their tarns at active service, no longer ** playing at soldiets,' bat shouldering the rifle in teal earnest. An action was tried in the Supreme Court on Wednesday, wherein a Mr. Coleman sought to ob tain from the Bailway Commissioners compensation in damages for injuries to a bone, occasioned by a collision of trains on the railway at Homebash. The plaintia' stated the horse in question, named Mainstay, was a good racer, and was entered to run at Homebnsfa and Melbourne. It was valned at from £700 to £1000, and be had been offered and refused the former sum for it. On the 1st September last. he engaged a horse-box attached to the train, for the conveyance of the animal ; at Homebnsh a collision took place, the hone-box was shattered to pieces, and the. hone in question was greatly injured. Several veterinary surgeons were called, who had examined the hone -after the accident; and they gave it as their opinion that it would never again be fit for racing or«ny other hard work. On the part of the defendants, ft was stated that the plaintiff had hued the hone-box specially, and had taken on lum adf the responsibility of the safety of the horse. The jary gave a verdict for the plaintiff— damages. £500; bat Mr. Justice Wise said a motion could he made to set aside the verdict, if the special agree ment alluded to could he Clearly sustained. On Sir Alfred taking bis seat as Chief Justice at the Supreme Court, on Monday, be was addressed by the Attorney-tienenl and Mr. Mqixay; wnior member of the outer Bar, in terms of congratulation km hu.reappearance, in improved health, in the court over which he had for many yean presided with so much ability. In reply. Sir Alfred, expressed the dhsasuns hefeltBttfaeoordial manner in which be had been received. Jt v^iinpossible.heB«uKthat amanconU labour in tbat court for twenty Toara witfioatiiriniirig bis bealth,;l«th^f body -»a muri:, afooidflonff «Jb/^l&iM;^tpbmd«san^nM bf: Sthl»»nchesoftheprofession. It is understood that Jodge Osren U «hout to rs-. tire from the Northern Circuit of the Wolvent Court, ana irfll be succeeded hy Judge Porefoy. Mr. Cheeks win perform the ditties of Chief Com missioner of the Insolvent Court. A namerotu and influential meeting of the friends of Sh- John M. Dickinson, late Acting Cmef- Jostice, was held at the Metropolitan Hotel/Pitt-slneU for «he purpose of connderingthe best mode ofexpress ingftfaeu-reapeet and esteem, on the occasion of his retiring tram die Bench, and hb approaching de parbire from the colony for Europe. Several mem bers of the Covemment were present. «nd then was ahu^emospsroflegslgeotlemen. SirC.Uicholson presided; mad tt n- resolved to invite Sir John Bktinson to dinner on Tbnnday week, to carry out which Intention a. committee wms.appomted to make the necessary arrangements. The aabjectflf a tes timonial to. be presented by him wasnext.taL-en into coog»d«imtion,.mnd.»«nbatiiptiopwas-ipeiiedfbrtbe purchase of Asoitable piece of plate for that purpose. A pronosalftr «|wrtnit of Sir John,totMfiahited, metviAtbecorolal^DOtKSiTeooeoftfaenieeaiic.bat remains to be further considered. . : A ,pnblic meetins; waa lieM at the Temperance Hail, isMevemw,s«u^ottt^ the reeent dgptgree mentbeween,*beioBrnejrsBe- iJiakers*addieirnias- tero, «n the subject of tate boots and Sunoay work. It was convened jtoeonsider«he am|iiIeUalf attain lisbW a, pobHc hakarjr «o co- operative principle*. ^&.Or.WooUerwuaUedtoti-e&iair;,*nd resplujBxmsdemwiniiw^ Jtrrmaiom«nd«ppr«s(ire tWn^«ns*MrorWloms^«aa(^fa-pnr. andleclsriiujthattlM^ri^osedpriltebslaerywoiiij be the surest *-m^&j;£m*&~*#-B moved mod supported by the BeV;Mr. Gn*b«rtton, Mr. Wind eyS, *rcb&e6o; M«Enm-e, Mr. Rarkes. *lr. Lnca- Mr. PaJgleisb, sad others, and' were nnanimonelj adopted. ? . ? ?.;; ; ?;?? '''-;':., '* ?' 