MONDAY, JANUARY 28. Shipment of Hats and Caps. Just Landed, ex Eagle Speed. To be Sold Without Reserve. To Warehousemen, Drapers. ta Hatters, Outfitters, Slopsellors, Country Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. -STEADS and GOWAN have been instructed T/V to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their more, 138 Collins-street west, on Monday, January 28, oom landing at eleven o'clock, The following new goods, just landed, ex Eajlo fpar_y""and lavender Garibaldi, drab japanner Brown, blue, grey, and lavender silk beaver Gari- bands Shepherds' plaid and dark mixture do fashionable deer stalkers, all colours Super, tweed and cloth oxonIan Garibaldi's, newest Fawn and white Canadians Lord Denman's cloth regulation caps Boys' military silk plush do Dosreyrlilo Bhakodo. The above shipment has been selected with great care all of the newest styles and shapes, and are well worthy the attention of the trade, No reserve Terms at Sale THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14, Upper Hawthorne Absolute Sale of Elegant Household Furniture, Manufactured in London to Special Order. A. beautiful toned Pianoforte, by Collard and Collard, 400 Volumes Books. Superior American Carryall. splendid Carriage Horse, and other Effects. To Householders, Parties Furnishing, and Others. "2 147 A DE and (GOWAN are in receipt of instruc by lions from Alex McKersie, Esq (who Is about abusive for England) to SELL by PUBLIC AUG ?JlO.f, at his residence, at Upper Htirthorno, (Uto Um. CMwIoy's, and in the vicinity of the residences of Jiictgej Wrixon and Molesworth,) on Thursday, February 14, commencing at eleven o'clock precisely, The whole of his very elegant furniture, nearly new, manufactured by a celebrated London maker to stock order, comprising Drawingroom Diningroom Library, with 400 vols, valuable works Bedrooms tiittirootu China, glass and plated ware Kltelioti and garden utensils Splendid American carryall and valuable horse Cow, fowls, &c.; Further particulars in future advertisement. Catalogues to be had at the auctioneers' rooms, 20 Collins-street west, a week before the sale " AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. BAN [ELS and GILLES beg to notify to their friends and the mercantile community gene rally, that they are prepared to take SALES by AUCTION, and Guarantee Paymoals. SUM make advances on merchandise intended for actual sale. Melbourne January 24,1801. 30 OJIHUS street west. "?"" THIS DAY. ~" Alo. All Faults. Sold to Pay Storage. DANIELS and GILLES are instructed to SELL, at their mart, 20 Collins-street west, on beauty, January 25, at eleven o'clock, 8 Illida. Abbott's are All faults. No Reserve. THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Sinclair's Hams. Colonial Bacon. Ohosso. Ling Fish. Almonds. Raisins. DANIELS and GILLES have received instruc- lions to SELL by AUCTION, at their room, cartridge, January 18, at eleven o'clock, 10 cases Sinclair's hams 4 tan colonial bacon 20 cases North Wilts cheese 2 tubs Swiss do 150 boxes raisins TO do Jordan almonds 5 puncheons ling fish 6 hilda, do. women at Sale. THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. DANIELS and GILLES hnvorocoived instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, on Monday, January 26, at eleven o'clock, f. tan arrowroot i 3 tons pearl barley i 2 do sago 1 ton tapioca 12 cases white herrings, in tins Nutmegs jolt shell almonds 30 barrels pimento (leases mixed spices, in fancy cartoon boxes. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. Groceries, Horse and Catt, and Furniture "XT KINSMAN has received instructions to j\ a SELL by AUCTION, for the benefit of the creditors, on the premises of Messrs. Young and UoUiogdalo, grocers, Williamstown, The stock-in-trade of groceries, tobacco, 8 gallons G. wine, scales and weights, sundry fixtures. Also, 1 chesnut mare, 1 spring-cart, spring-cart harness, saddle and bridle, Also, table, sofa, chairs, signed by cloak, iron bedstead and bedding, pictures, rocking-chair, cupboard, kitchen utensils, 4s c. Sale at twelve o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and valuer, 8 Moor-street, Fitzroy. SATURDAY, JANUARY 20. A Building Allotment, Wood-street. "XT KINSMAN is instructed to offer for posi JLl a I've SALE by AUCTION, at his mart, S Moor-street, Fitzroy, at two o'clock, A building allotment of land, having a frontage ? of 40ft. to Wood-street, by 00 deep, situate otT Hoddhvstroos, near the Royal George Hotel, and is deserving of notice, as it must be sold. Also, A quantity of builders' trestles, scaffolding, planks, curry left. ladders, four joiners' benches, and a lot of sundries, ace. Sale by N Kinsman, auctioneer, 2 Moor-street. Fitzroy. MONDAY, JANUARY 28. Freehold, H iddlo-strcet. "VT KINSMAN has received instructions from VW the proprietor, who is leaving Collingwood, to tariLL, by AUCTION, on the ground, Two neat and well-finished weatherboard cottages, of three rooms cash, with verandah. The land has a frontage of 60ft. to Hoddle street, by 110ft. deep, and is very pleasantly situate, opposite star Church of England school, six doors south from -the Lord Raglan Hotel, and is for positive sale. Sale at twelve o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and valuer, 8 Moor-street, Fitzroy. THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock. 1,000ft. of Kangaroo Point (old and new quarry) Froostouo. At Messrs. Craven's Stout yards, Drummond-street, Carlton. MR. JAMES PRINCE has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on Friday, January 25, at twelve o clock, About 1,000ft of this superior building stone. In lots to suit purchasers. To wind up an estate, and to be sold without reserve. James Prince, auctioneer and valuator, Iii Moor street. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Sale of Farm Stock, Crop and Implements. , "A/I M'CAW and ANOTHER have been fa lyi . voured with instructions from the executors in the estate of the late G. A. Berry, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at his farm, Cleveland, incur Holdla been;, about the middle or February next, All his stock, crop, farming Implements, co. Ftdl particulars of which will' be given in future . advertisement. THIS DAY. """ To Farmers, Carriers, Dealers, and Others. McCAW and ANOTHER have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Royal HOUse Bazaar, on Friday, January 25, at twelve o'clock, A team of six working bullocks, with dray, bows, yokes, the., complete. The bullocks are all young, and in first-rate condition.? isterohancUao. ALEX. MACFARLAN and Co. have on SALE, Hum, old Jamaica, in case ; brandy 1 Thorby's sherry, sarsaparilla MoDatt'a hams and bacon, line salt Dunlop and Cheddar cheese, pearl barley English, red and fresh herrings, Havannah cigars Moir and Son's marmalade, jams, and Paddocks Preserved fowl, game, salmon, turbot c Linseed oil, caustic soda, three bushel bags Leather and indiarubber bellin,., shop twine Europe rope, flat and round, assorted small ' Milner's safes, glassware, spirit levels . i Pipes-meerschaum washed and and papered Inquiries drapery, furniture, boilorrlvotB, 18 Elludors-laneeaat._ OSttPas, LANGDON, and Co, removed to 149 Collins) street weighing on SALE, Case brandies ; whiskey, Ardbeg, Islay -?" Rum Demerara, 10 and 80 op. Byass's bottled beer Port wine, double diamond, in quarters Sherry, in quarters i Champagne, superior quality , Quicksilver, sulphate copper Castor oil, half-pints: patent barley ,: . Arrowroot, Lea and Perrins' Worcester sauce De laBne'e playing-cards and wedding stationery. ULIC ATTENtION 80LIOITBD%A. JUDB, 129 Elizabeth-street, opposite the New Post-office, has for SALE, 10 per cent lower than any house in town, Leather portmanteaus, all sizes : carpet-bag I ' Good-toned concertinas and cutlass Musical boxes, lustres, decanters ' Toilet bottles and scents, children's china tea cats Cash-boxes, cutlery, Scented fruit soaps J - Plated ware of every description , Quart, papier mache trays, and a ' Choice oouaoUoa of clocks, watches, gold and silver chains, rings, etc. Note the adare»,-129 Elizabeth-street, opposite the New PiratoiBca, N.B. is connexion with, any eleven firm here. V B BRISCOE and Co. are now landing:, ex late arrivals, B. B. H. bar and rod iron, boiler plate, plain galvanized tinned Iron, black sheet iron, 2 to 23 W.O. Nails Ewbank's patent, fine clasp, c water-tank: clout, and slate nails, assorted Rivets Coopers' second load, assorted saddlery' best clout and tinned about took Avery's Imperial weighing machines and scales, assorted pocket cutlery, assortment of brass work (Har court's) Briscoe's bright-faced quartz hammers, 4th. to 8th, Briscoe's horseshoes, plain and cooked, assorted Black and tinned kettle oars, japanned dog chain Mall patent axles, and Colling's do,, li to lg Brass mortise and cabinet locks, assorted Norfolk lathes and rim do, assorted Bright and black railway and coach wrenches (Kilby) son main ( Iron main cocks, lin to 3in. iron padlocks, 319a. and 4in. Oval and convexjapannod walters, 14in and 100a. Box and ivory rules assorted ; gauge glasses, as- sorted Sorby and Sons' tools. Electro adzes, augers, trowels, chisels, gouges, cut irons, gimblet bitch, De. ; turning saws and frames, turns; webs; hand, panel, and fret saws; cross-cut, pit, and circular saws, assorted B. M. teapots, assorted, h waterings Boiled linseed and colza oil, Nos 6 and 10, zinc Perforated zinc. No. 8 G, turpentine Briscoe's best white and red lead, a barter kegs Flavel and Brown's boat kitchen ranges Japannod blacking. Brunswick black Bronze and lacquered cabin lamps and globes Butchers' trays. Faro tool baskets Elley'a gun caps, garden rakes, brushware Enamelled Cast furnace boilers, 15 to again Iron pulley blocks, 12 and 3 wheel, 0, 7, 8 in. Cast show butts, tinned fry pans assorted sledge-hammers, maul rings, wodgoB B. 51 ale and wine measures, assorted sizes Avery's platform machines, copper tin kettles Oxford and camp washstands, spittoons, cork- screws Were steak toasters, japanned pepper boxes Web halters, tulip shovels, bill files Lover-top shot pouches, stamped gold villers Turret bells, 2616. to 50lb., range, spirit, and racking corks Briscoe's best warranted smiths' bellows, lOln, to 40111. Carron carbonic?, assorted, Orma's share moulds Teapot tops and nocks, square- head coach screws, assorted list charcoal shoot-Iron 2120 G. BRISCOE and Co, 11 Collins-street east, and 2s Elizabeth-street. CLEVE BROTHERS and 80 Co Queen-street, offer for SALE, Goodhan's loaf sugar ; Walmsley's malt, best quality ; salmon, in lb. tins Kent and Sussex hops, 1859,1855 to 1857 Now Patna rice, 19 cwt, bags ; while pepper Best silk-dressed Patna rice Assorted fruits, to, Hill and Ledger's Pickles, white onions ; vestas, In plaid boxes Candles, teas in chests and halves, Chilian beat Whiting, in 2cwt. barrels ; crystals soda, soda ash W. I. arrowroot, pearl sago in lost, cases, tapioca Cape Stone, and Sultana raisins, currants Ormond's genuine Swiss cigars, patent groats and barley, white herrings and Bloaters in tins Day and Martin's blacking ; castor oil, pints and half-pints ; Cork butter in cloth Taylors chocolate and cocoa; cloves, light blue Oatmeal, In 231. tins and barrels ; Irish oats I.N.E. and saloon matches, wrapping paper Macaroni and vermicelli. Quo and coarse salt Holloway's pills and ointment ; Hour of sulphur Volckman's lemon pool, limed nutmegs, French prunes, scented orange pekoe tea gingerbeer and sodawater bottles, Havannah eight Panama hats, playing cards, perfumery, carraways Morewood's, and Tupper and Carr's galvanized corrugated ron, 6, 7, and 8ft. ; 8 bushel corn sacks White and red lead, 3lb. tins ; sheet zinc Turpentine ; linseed and boiled oil, in coal. drum it. O. putty, anvils, four mills, hatchets Martell's and U. V. Co, brandy, In Illida. ; old tom, 5 quarter-casks Cook's sherry, In quarter-casks ; Jacquoson's champagne ; Grimble'a ginger brandy Sparkling wines, still hock, handsome, absynthe Geneva, Tennent's porter, Byass's stout Bass's Ale, No. 8 ; Allsopp's ale, bottled by Friend CALLENDER and Co. have for SALE, Aitken's ale and stout, in four dozen casks Port wine, Cockburn's, in quarter-casks and cases sherry wine, Gampboll's, in hhds. Champagne, Krug's, in cases South Australian wine Auldana, Pintura, aril Evandale, In one dozen cases Whiskey, Dundas Hill DlstlUory, In quarlor-OMki Do, Nicholson's pure malt, In cases Old Tom, in bulk, first brands, quite clear Brandy, mixing, French, dark and pale Do, in case Durand's, Dubois Thin's red cabbage, sauces, jams, fruits, ice. Vinegar, in barrels, Pantera Soda crystals, soda ash (56 per cent.) Alum, ground and lump Lancewood shaft j, carriage trimmings, axles, &c.; Wheelbarrows, Shank's grass-cutting machines Ironmongery, assorted invoices, best makers Brushes, piston, knives and forks, garden spades Firoiroas, looks, measures, c Bussell and Veitch's patent elliptical spring bed stead-) Cricketing materials balls, bats, wickets, gloves three-bushel bags, full weights Patna rice, oats (Scotch and Irish) Adelaide and colonial flour and bran. 83 King-street IBB j, RONALD, and Co. have on SALE, Martell's dark and pale brandy, in hhds. and quarter-casks Demerara rum, in hhds. Sugruo's Scotch and Irish whisky china old tom Bass's No. 3 ale Xlngan's hams and bacon Hill and Cochrane's mess pork Sugrue's, Gould's, Honan's, and Murphy's Cork butter Tillie's bottled fruits, jams Joyce's jams, in tins Cape raisins Currants, in barrels, cases, and pipes Patna rice, ont. bags Oatmeal, in barrels Tapioca, in do Barry's chicory, in tins Havannah and regalia cigars Soda crystals Horsehair Oaizmaun and Plumz's patent piano order Patent rose nails Sheet lead, 3 to 6 lb. 22 Queen-street. G M MICHAELIS, BOYD, and Co. have on SALE, at their show, No 4 Elizabeth street Bass's No. 3 ale Al sopp's do Do do, bottled by Friend, quarts and pints Barclay's porter, do Geneva, key and anchor brands, red and green cases English Furniture Earthenware (Plndor, Bourne, and Hope's) Paperhangings, ultramarine Boots and shoes of every class Cotton canvas, drill and duck pond. and narrow grey calicoes ; 6-4 and 8-4 tick Prints, ginghams, and fancy dresses Ciousers-aoeskln,twoed, Radford cord, Leaming ton, millers' drab and innovation Moleskin, drill, do oats, suits, and vests Boys' apparel of all descriptions Ladies' and children's underclothing Dressed and rough hollands: white linens; cambric handkerchiefs Coburg, French Merinos, Winceys OAtnaskB, maroona, flannels, hearthrugs, oil baize Shirts Crimean, white regatta, and Scotch twill Cotton, lambswool, and Aberdeen half-hose French felt hats Grey and blue serge shirts, Jumpers Blankota-whlto.aoarlot. blue, and grey INDIARUBBER GOODS, from S.W. Silver and Co soon SALE, Indlsrubbor butters Canvas sheet-packing Vulcanised India rubber bolting, to 121. Two-ply conducting those indiarubber gauge-rings and Biloela india-rubber tubing, for high pressure LEVICK and PIPER, 118 Flinders-lane west. to TOWNS and Co. have on SALE, at. Brandy United Vineyard Proprietors', Dumas, Cognac Vineyard, Fuller and Co, and Pinet Castillon and Co., in case Do. Rlzat's, in hhds. and quarters; do. British, in casks Old tom, in beds. and quarters Geneva, in half cases ; American sectors Whiskey, Glenmavls and Balmoral, in cases Wine sherry, in wood and case ; port, In case Algeciras, Lincoln, Marrian's, and Guest"s Stout-Combo, Delaflold's, and Edmonds's Tea, chests, half-chests, and boxes Currants, in caroteels and barrels ; sultana raisins Scotch and Calcutta oats, Patna and Bengal rice Tobaccos. Twist, Raven, Crown, and Sovereign, brands Half-pounds Peter Stewart, Lafayette, Pearl do. Tens-Shaw's, Central, and Hall's Dossie wash and cigars ; saddlery American flour, in barrels ; malt Sago, jar salt, whiting, mustard, and ginger Rod and white herrings, in tins ; Findon Haddock i < iOU, linseed Soda ash, caustic soda, soda crystals Pie iron, boiler plate, angle iron Durham coke, plaster-of-paris, Portland cement Iron safes, house bells, kegs cut nails, horseshoe i Nests tubs, pails, clothes-pins, laths American lumber, oak and ash plank Calling, flooring, and shelving boards Three-bushel bags, bran and salt do. ; woolpacks Europe rope, flat do, Calcutta lines, and oakum Blocks-two, three, and four Bhoaved Square timber, spars, and bowsprit Wrought-iron gates, pillars, ploughs, and angle harrows Chinese baskets, rattans. 20 William-street. " OaiMKE, MACKIE, and Co.,] 422 Collins street J west, have on SALE, Batter-Bould's and Honan's Hams and bacon, Sinclair's Peak, salt herrings, Dunn's, in tins oats, oatmeal, currants Vinegar, Champions, in case and bulk brandy, Sicard'a and Tallott's, In case , rum, 30 op. ; R.W.P. whiskey, in case and bulk?' Europe bolt and Manilla rope Twine, cornsacks, woolpacks Felt sheathing and soothing Paper, paper bags, stationery Paperhangings, carriage varnish Powder, blasting and sporting Flour-mill, with horizontal engine, 12-horse power HwriacmUlstoam-engino, 10-horse power Pur and bar iron, camp ovens, sash-weights Militant, chaffcutters, nails Iron bedsteads, gold scales Hinges, butts, and castors, 4 of rVlO PRINTERS and STATIOSTBRg.-Th» under J. signed are solo agents for, and have always feel [ supplies of Cowan and Co's prize medal papers, account books, envelopes, Blblos, Scotch palms, cards, parchment, ka., stationery in various assort- ments. A. B. Fleming and Co.'s prize medal printing and lithographic inks and presses. Stephenson, Blake, and Co.'s type and printing ; furniture CALLENDER and Co., 83 King-street. ON SALE, by the undersigned, Forester's port wine. Booth's old tom, claret, BVTS'H and Roy's alo, Flndlater's Dublin stout, i Barclay's porter, case brandy, Scotch whiskey, Nundle!, Jams, starch, Hlmmol'a perfumery, cream of tartar, tartaric acid, oil of cloves, saltpetre, bluestone, sulphur, soda ash, black pepper, carraways, pimento, ginger, cloves, 'sheepwash tobacco, manganese, chlorodyne, room sacks, woolpacks, pianos and harmoniums, bUnkots, cork beds, platedware, paperhangings ke. JOSEPH TAYLOR and Co., 120 Collins street west. RALEIGHS, DAUGLISH, WHITE, and Co. have on SALE, at their stores, 05 William-street, Are, Boss's No. 3 Do Allsopp's Bottled boor Boss's, Allsopp's, Marzetti's, and other brands Sherry Cook's and other brands Sugars Mauritius, counters, and ration Hams and bacon Sinclair's and Cummins', Rice Patna, now Cape raisins and curry powder Sheet lead Wotherspoon's jams and confectionery, Corn sacks, woolpacks, twine, See. Oinuiy bags Whiskey-Kirkliston, McKenzie's and Buohamnt Flooring boards To Congou, Sea. LORD and Co., No. 121 Collins-street west, have on SALE, Oysters, lb. and 2lb. tins Lobsters, lb. and 2lb. tins Tobacco-twist, Jib. lumps and twos; sheepwash Powder Blasting, cannon, and rifle Soda biscuit Dried apples, half and quarter barrels White beans Thompson's sarsaparilla Vinegar-older and malt American chairs, assorted Do. clocks, do Pairs, tubs, and clothes pins Pick and axe handles ; brooms L. H. and D-H shovels, square and round point Pilot duck, 1 to 0 Cork butter, old tom Portwine, whiskey in case American Stoves, assorted Oars, wood grain scoops Writing and copying Ink Spots chamber furniture Nails, cut and wrought Saddlery, cream of tartar Brandy, in case Double and single horse powers and thrashers Kitchener's mowing machines American carriages, Phaetons Buggies and trottlne-waggoni Yeast powders, double-faced water fuse Collins's axes, heavy and medium Plaster, pitch, and lumber. CAMPBELL BROTHERS and Co. have on SALE, Privlaions, ka. Butter, Gould's, H man's, and Burke's, in cloth Hams, Sinclair's and York Bacon, Sinclair's, UuoyV, and Oircpboll's Cheese, Cheddar, North Wilts, and colonial Pork, Cjmpball's and Blggar's Oatmeal, Scotch and Irish Ding fish, in hand'. and cessa Salt, fine and coarse Liverpool Salt, St. Ube's and rock Oats, white Limerick Vinegar, in quarter casks. Wines, Spirits, ka. Sherry, Yrlarto's Amontillado, in octaves Port, W irro Brothers', in case Clarot,"Godard Freres' and L. Perry and Co.'s Medoc, Gustavo Edouard and Co.'s Alo, Whttwoll's Porter, Dunbar's Brandy, Thomson's, dark and pale Old tom, In quarter-casks. OH, Paints, Use. Linseed oil, in drums : turpentine whitelead, first quality, in 2lb. tins. Bodlead, blue paint, to this. Drapery. White and Crimean shirts. Tillie and Henderson's Melton sac coats, Tillie and Henderson's. Metals, as. Pigiron In Bay or at Wharf Galvanized corrugated Iron, Skatfo's, 28 gauge Screws, Rivets, and burrs, Morowoed's galvanized Glasgow buckotsandolsterns Iron bedsteads, Bathbrlcks. , Sundries. , Soda ash, crystals of soda, caustic soda Oom sacks, three bushel, full weights Flat rope, 41 and 6 inches wide ; Stationery, envelopes, foolscap, late Saddlery, Swaine and Co.'s Flour, sulphur, wax vestas Plate-glass, Yorkshire flagging Boots and shoes, c. 03 Flinders-street west BRIGHT BROTHERS and Co. have on SALE, ex Champion of the Seas, Elizabeth Ann Bright, Great Britain, Ocean Chief, and Merlin, Buttor-Lunham's, net weights Caustic soda ' Tobacco-Monarch, lb lumps Do. Gilmour's tons Taylor Brothers' chocolate, soluble cocoa, homeopathic cocoa, mustard, co. Arrowroot Red herrings, bloaters, &c.; Tiila'H jams, fruits, and sauces Sardines, petit pits Blacking-Baker's, Martindale's, and Day and Martin's Machin's Dublin Stout Barclay Perkins, and Co.'s do, in bottle Port wines, Gould, Campbell, and Co.'s Sllorrloi, Do i Miguel do GUlos's MaroH's brandy, in bulk and bottle Whiskey Thin's, Sheriff's, Hays's, Machin's, and Ritchie's whiskey, in bottle Thin's o'd torn Earthenware, Glassware Brown wrapping papers News paper, paper bags Milner a fire-resisting safes, were. Winfleld's patons bedsteads Pey um and Peyton's do do Pig iron, sheathing felt Amurlcm cut tacks and nails Simmons's Ohio axes Axe handles, clothespins Navy city is, twine, candlewick Woolpacks Steam engines, 10, 20, 30, 60, horse-power, by J Maclellan, of Glasgow Dogo arts, waggmoUos, harness, and saddlery Wilkie's ploughs and harrows Store trucks. VIRGINIA TOBACCO AGENCY. - The undersigned are in regular receipt, direct from the manufacturers in Virulilla, of the following superior brands of JOB 1000, put up expressly for this market, and for S ALE, in lots to suit purchasers : Twist, In half and quarter Horses and boxes jewel of Ophir St. George and Signet burnet half-pints lumps MUloflouc Jewel of Ophir Thora. Moss Peach Orchard says,. cocoa Pyramid went, in three quarter boxes and 20-boxes D. Harris Wm Greanor'a Neptune Thomas and Co, ' R. Irvin , ' Chu. Lenox Black diamond ' Thou. Braxton has. Melohlen Jordon and Morton i Straekosh C B O'Nun. Sheepwash, in plug and Goods ills sorrow bank. LORD and Co , 121 Collins-street west. WESTGARTH, ROSS, and SPOWERS have on SALE, at their store-, SI Market-street, Brandy, Hennessy's, dark and pole, in hhds. Do , Martell's, dark, in hhds. Do. Honiiossv'spale, in case. Burn, 3) o p in hhds ; old tom In case Bum and arrack punch ; Masdou nine Çhoriy-[lui Don's, Sandeman's, and Cook and Greenwood's, in hilda, quarters, octaves, and cases Port-Snndtiman's, Graham's, and Hunt's, in hhds, qu litter, and octaves Bed wine, in bulk audience , Butter, Ijjslia'M, quarts, pints, and half" pints Sparkling Moselle, Delnhard and Jordan's Still he's, Bjcksboutol ; do. sparkling hock Ciampi iio, perry, claret, candles jams, manual eda, sashes, matched fruits Arrowroot, up and, vermicelli, macaroni, sago Shell 1 found', lobsters, ling in puns, and esses Red and white herrings, In this ; oatmeal, pearl J hal loy 1 Wotherspoon's assorted confectionery Hill, Ev 11 s, and Co a bulk vinegar Soda can still 1, soda ash, Liverpool soap " Colman's mustard and starch, cod- liver oil ' ' Fraser d oil, boiled and raw, in drums and casks ' '? Hod lead, paints, patent driers, party One bushel bags, bran bags, ore bags, woolpacks I Nnay a mass, stretcher can rose, and woolpack cloth Tarpaulins, cordage, seaming and roping twine Cotton waste, stationery, saddlery, boots and Rhnas Corks, 1 N E, matches, pianos, watches 1, Earthenware, are all the plate glass, tobacco pipes Dogcarts, 0 the boards, bedsteads, gas tubing Axle arms, cases axles, sash weights, sad irons .Roj,iUor Stores, maul rings, hollowware, frying-) pans , Camp ovens ; bullock, backhand, and cold chains Xcgloand F iron Zinc ; shear, cast, and blister steel ; lead shot Cast-iron pipes galvanized boilers and nails Uornwood's, Tupper's, and Hamilton's corrugate, 1 galvanized iron Morton's plain galvanized-iron Smutting Machines, coin sisters, weighing beans Hjdrauliollftingjiok, spanners 1 Four horse power bono ml 1, driving machine Crab winches, saw benches, bottle screw jacks,. funnels Gauges, steam engines, 6 to 40 horse power, ks. JAMES MAYNE, Victoria stored, in Elisabeth street, boys on 8 Lia,- 1 Wines and spirits, of best qualities, in bond and duty paid Ales and porters, in bulk and bottle Sparkling wines, cordials, ice. Teas, sugars, hams, bacon , : ! Butter, cheese, flour, grain, and every other was scription of stores requisite for .ettlors.'srtor» keepers, h storekeepers, and the trade, at wan on hand, of bosfquiUtleî, audiences prices.' w And R. OREETH, 23 Flinders-lane west, have \- on SALE,- . , . Now Patras currants, in casks and cases Thin's jams and bottled fruits Chicory, eagle brand, and carraway seeds Linseed oil and turpentine, in drums Jerome's American clock), in great variety Honan's Cork butter and bladdered lard Navy canvas, first quality, and Martindale's I blacking Tinfoil, paper, and soft shell almonds Sodawater bottles and assorted crates earthenware Mehan's y, n quarter-casks. A Fine Assortment of chimney and pier LOOKING GLASSES, in superb gilt frames. Gampi, 121 llussoll-Btreet.________^____^_ LOOK and Co's BILLIARD TABLES, acknow ' lodged superior to the best English makers', manufactured of well-seasoned timber. Guaranteed. i MERIGAN HARDWARE, constantly being re A- calved, and on SALE. P. Langwill and Co 12 Collins-street. . 4 LE BOXES and brass CAPS, all sizes, warranted A. to fit. Royal's, 1 chester- street, opposite Flour milled ARRI was first-class Bille jump seat and extension top BUG AXES. Stevenson and Elliot, 181 King. street. AN assortment of good secondhand HOODEL) CHARLES, from £80 to £35. Carriage Bazaar, 98 King-street. Variety of first-class EXPRESSIVE HQ No, 2 28," £28, and £30. Stevenson and Elliot's carriage bazaar, King-street. A LKALIES on SALE. Callender and Co. Choice of light family BAROUCHES, fitted with side-glasses, doublolnsldo seats. Carriage Bazaar, King Street. a Variety of SOCIABLES, Waggonettes, Phaetons, A. two and four wheel, Dogcarts. Carriage Bazaar, King-street. A Variety of new and secondhand DOGCARTS and "VYHItEOHAPELS. Miller Brothers, 121 Rus. sell-street. __^_^__^______^_^^_ A Good two-wheeled BUGGY, with hood, a bargain ; also, Carryall, Millar Brothers, 121 Russell-street A First-class slide-scat'elUGGY, to carry two or four, is. very cheap. Miller Brothers, 124 Russell street. A Good MAIL PHAETON, nearly new ; also, of j. Pony Phaetons, cheap. Millar Brothers, 124 Russell-street. BILLIARD TABLES and BAGATELLE TABLES, boat and cheapest in Victoria. Thomas's manufactory, 172 Lonsdale-street east BILLIARD and BAGATELLE TABLES, Cloths, Balls, Cues, best and cheapest in the colony. Alcock and Co., 132 Russell- street. BOILER TUBES BRUSHES, whalebone and wire, ' all sizes. Foundry Warehouse, Wharf. BOLTS and NUTS, square and hexagon heads, in casks, assorted sizes. Foundry Warehouse. BILLIARD-TABLE and BAGATELLE TABLES, largest, best, and cheapest assortment. Pasor's, 108 Little Bourke-street east B~~ HARD TABLES, Balls, Cloths, Cues. Large superior assortment. Prices low. Pasor's, 193 Little Bourke street east C^HINA.GIass, and Earthenware at reduced prices, J at Marrett's, 150 Bourke-street east. CRAG: jarred best family screened A. A. Company's j . COAL, delivered on shortest notice. Orders per pot punctually attended to. Fallenstein and McKechney, 87 Flinders-street west COALS for SALE, cheap, 200 tons, fit for gas or smiths' use. Colin Brown, 100 Collins street Albert / CORN SACKS, secondhand, Day per dozen, any A quantity. Samuel House and Co., 299 Elizabeth street, / -CORN SACKS and BRANBAGS on SALE. W.' K Lawrence, 43Jt William-streets CORN SACKS for SALE, secondhand. Goddard's j produce store, 40 Smith-street, Collingwood, on ]>".-ue Freemasons' Hotel CORKS (all kinds), Sodawater and Gingerbeer j Bottles, Acids, Essences, etc. Richard Harvey, 30 Little Collins-street east. CAPSULES (plain), Corks, Brewer's Isinglass, Tar table Acid, Qingors, Sodawater Gingerbeer Bottles. Occloston's, 8 Little Collins-street east. tOUR FIBRE COCOANUT FIBRE, in bales, for j mattress making. Thomas Tyson, 0 Elizabeth an ant. _'_^^ DISINFECTING FLUID, Sir William Burnett's Cheapest and best disinfectant. Sole agent, J Honiton, 91 Flinders-lane west SOLVING VIEWS, Magic Lanterns, scriptural, natural history, astronomical, extra blades. Pettigrew, Cheetham alley, 19 Flinders lane west, rp FLOUR of SULPHUR on SALE, by Filson and D Dalzell, 10 A'Beckett-street east to O li SALE, cheap, a first-rate ALBERT CARL, X quite new. Apply Harvie, 47 Gertrude-street, Collingwood. ]7<0K SALE, one four-horse shaft WAGGON, cheap, J- Apply Liverpool Stables, Leicester-street, North Melbourne FOR SALE, TIP DRAY and HARNESS, or ox JL changed for a quiet horse. Star and Garter, Rich mond road. FOR SALE, a first- class Thurston's HILLIARD' J? TABLE, complete. Royal Hotel, Sandridge. F~ÖR~SALB, SPRING-CART, Harness, and Tip Dray. 5 Lang-lane, top Little Collins-street east. FOR SALE, SPRING CARTS, now and second- hand ; WheelS. Perry, La Trobe-street east. FOR SALE, a colonial-made CAR, Harness nearly new. Price, £0, Eureka Store, Church-street, Richmond. IT-lREBRlOKtjaud FIRELUMPS, Oven Tiles, and A' - Fireclay. Carron Iron and. ENTLEMAN'S handsome FAMILY CARRIAGE, with ever, so, complete, a bargain. Apply to Mr. Hadley, St. Kilda. GASALIERS, Gas Pendants, and Hall Lamps. P. V.T Langwill and Co., 12 Collins-street GLASS SHADES, large assortment, oval, round, and squat ; black and gilt Stands. Levy Bruillon, Bourke-street. OLD MOULDINGS, the largest stock in (the colony, at Saint's cheap picture-frame establish joint, 85 Russell-street IRON, lin. to Oin, round ; 3in. to 5in., square ; flu. 12in. thick by lin. to 3in. wide; boiler-plate, gin, to Jin. Ouiron Iron-yard IRON PIPES. Cast-iron WACEU-PIPaS on SALE. Oppenheimer and Co., 42 Collins-street east. KITCHEN RANGE and STOVE WAREHOUSE. - The undersigned have on hand the largest AS buRTMENT of English COOKING RANGES in the colony, including Radclyffe's and Flavel's celebrated LEAMINGTON PRIZE KITCHENER, from 3ft. to 12ft. in width, for hotels, clubs, and families. 'The public are invited to examine the stock now on exhibition at the show- rooms. Patterns and testimonials post free. Hall stoves and register grates, In every variety, very cheap. I. C. WHEELOCK and Co., importers, Gollen Elote, 120 Russell-street. IIUHEN RANGES. The newest and most approved descriptions are at all times to be had at our establishment, where thorough tradesmen are employed for the purpose of setting and otherwise teeing to their satisfactory working. P. Langwill and Co" wholesale and retail furnishing ironmongers, 11 Collins-street. ILT KEROSENE OIL and LAMPS for SALE. When. AN lode and Stevens, 100 Bourke-street east, below Eastern Market. KEROSENE OIL and LAMPS. KEROSENE LAMPS of every description ; also Wicks, Chimneys, Globes, glass and paper Shadoa, Co" wholesale and retail, at 187 Bourke-street east. Stanford and Co. LEAD. 25 tons SHEET LEAD, assorted Nos landing and on SALE. Carron Timber-yard, i M MANILLA ROPE, 120 tons, jun, to 71, In lots. Mitchell and Bonneau, 15 Elizabeth-street -VI NOW Is the TIME to BUILD.-IKONMONBERY J-l is very CHEAP at Elliott's, 131 Bourke-street east. , IN NAVY CANVAS, Nos. 12 and 8 on SALE. Then. Fulton and Co, foundry warehouse, wharf. OPOSSUM RUGS, Trunks, Overland Portmanteaus, splendid assortment. Selkirk's, 84 Collins-street west. Clothing, bedding, and tinware PURE KEROSENE OIL, 8s, per gallon. Lamps . arcades. Globes, Brushes, &c.; Harold on, imports opposite office of this paper. PURE WATER,-Donlton's WATER FILTERS, cheap. 91 Flinders lane west. PERAMBULATORS double and Single, with hoods, aprons, and mats, complete. ' Levy Brothers, PAPERHANGINGS CHEAP. Largest and most elegant assortment of PAPERHANGINGS in the colony. 71 and 73 Queen-street. Carter's, PAPERHANGINGS. Best, cheapest, and largest S TOOK in the colony is at Graham's, 101 Bourke ¡TDLOUGUS, Sonar's and Ransome's, Howard's X/Harrows, steel Mould Boards. ~ Carron Iron-yard. N F ALK and Co. are agents for Jerome's AMEUI [X , CAN CLOCKS, and receive direct shipments monthly. 88 Little Collins-street west, near Queen street. QUICKSILVER, best on SALE, John Camm 122 Russell-street. REDUCTIONS SALARIES. IRONMONGER ? REDUCED in same ratio. S, Elliott, ironmonger, 134 Bourke-street east. as MAILS, Contractors', bridge and tram. 1915. to 30th Appear yard. Carron Iron-yard. SODAWATER and GINGERBEER BOTTLES on O SALE, by Cleve Brothers and Co., 86 Queen-street SOUth. s TEAM PRESSURE GAUGES, Bourdon, Smith and Schaeffer'!. Those, Fulton and Co., Foundry TANKS, 400 500. and 600 gallons, and water-casks on SALE. H. B. Donaldson and Co., Sandridge. ' TO Mast the Times, all descriptions of FURNISHING IRONMONGERY BEDDOW In PRICE. Catalogues forwarded to the country 'ff Knott, ironmonger, Bourke-street east. of T A R 0 H Glass H T Plant Stores. O Uso i in the Royal Laundry. The ladies are respectfully informed that this starch was exclusively used in the Royal Laundry, and Her Majesty's laundress says that, although she has tried wheaton rice and other powder starches, she has found none of them equal to the GLENFIELD, which Is 3 The finest starch she ever used. Wotherspoon and Co., Glasgow and London ; Dan nations Brothers and Co., 163 King-street THERMOMETER, for brewers' use, all sizes ; d"., boxwood and leather, ivory scale. Levy Brothers, Bourke-street TOYS, of every imaginable description, at gre very reduced prices to large buyers. Levy Brothers, B Bourke-street. _ TO CONraAOroRS. - NAVVIES and HA stir BARROWS constantly on SALE. Carron Timber ' yards TO BRSW_!RS.-Kaurio PLANTING, suitable- for mash tuns. Carron Timber yards TO AN 83- Angle Iron and plain WATER TANKS , JL 400 gallons each. W. H. Lamond, 65 Flinders-street ! east _ ANKS, 400 to 2,000 gallons. Cast-iron" Water. pipes, 3in. to 6in. Carron Iron yard OBAOOO DESTROYING. STAR SIR TURPENTINE, any quantity, on SALE, cheap, TOBACCO DESTROYING. STAR SPIRIT and A. TURPENTINE, any quantity, by Dove, Oswald, and Inglis. TO UNDERTAKERS MOURNING COACH for SALE. Holmes, White, and Co , Geelong: VALENTINES, Valentines -On SALE, a large and varied assortment, exceedingly low prices. Levy Brothers, Bourke street VULCANIZED INDIARUBBER THOSE, guaranteed equal to Yan Yean pressure, all sizes. Saiu'iat House, importer, 265 Elizabeth-street. VULCANIZED INDIARUBBER BEATING, fro n lin. to 15in, wide, lowest rates, Samuel Hous i importer, 204 Elizabeth Street. -VOLUNTEER BANDS flat OLAlUONKi'd, TE t PlcooioB, Bugles, Drums, Military Forces and Fires. Chapman, 117 Swanston-street. Callender a in WIRE Varnished and oiled appealed FENCf N J WIRE on SALE. Oppenheimer and O J. in Collins-street east WATER FILTERS, for house and ship's use of the most approved construction, and modern In price. P. Langwill and Co., 12 Collins-street. w HIIING on SALE, in small casks. Charles Watson, 19 Flinders-lane west. WATCHES. - On SALE, gold and Silver WATCHES, English made, a large assortment. Will be sold cheap, to close cases liqueurs. Levicks. and Piper, 143 Flinders line west. _ w ATBlt-PIPfiä, cast, lots. to 6in. malleable, as. to 2In. Carron Iron yard. 1 Medical. AS GENERAL PRACTITIONERS in MEDICINE, Midwifery, and Surgery Mr. DWYER, M.R.C.S, medical officer to the over and cholera hospitals, the workhouse, the military and constabulary, and several dispensaries, at Capps white, Ireland, for many years and Mr. MACKENNA, L. F. Phys, and Surg. 61., sole medical and surely if officer to the first Western Lying-in Hospital, Dublin, for five years, and as the English and Foreign Hospital in Buenos Ayres for 13 years ; Offer their services and the practical and operative experience gained in these appointments to the public on the following terms : For each visit and medicine in Melbourne and immediate vicinity, as Emerald Hill, Sandridge, South Yarra, Pte .. £0 7 0 Prahran, St. Kilda, to. 0 100 Advice In our h time, and medicine 0 6 0 Midwifery in Melbourne. 8 3 0 A consultation 10 3 Consecutive consultations 0 100 Minor operations. 100 Night visits and medicine, from 8 p.m. to S a.m. ... 100 Visits to the country, per mile .... OSO One of the partners will always be found at home. Medicines of the purest kind will be dispensed by a qualified apothecary. NB-The fee to be paid in outhouse at the time, as no account can be kept with any person under an; circumstances. Mr. Mackenna passed the year 1853 at the E ir and Eye Hospitals of London, Dublin, and Paris, in improving a practice of 20years aural and oculist surgery. 204 Russell-street, near Supreme Court. ADVICE GRATIS, morning before li, evening 6 till 8. Dr. L. L. Smith, 10.! Bourke-street east ARTIFICIAL TEETH, 10s. each. MIER, late Eskell, surgeon-dentist, 130 Collins-street east, and 81, Mechamua'Instituto._ ARTIFICIAL TEETH inserted in superior manner. Chas. Lange, surgeon-dentist, 01 Collins-street, corner of Swanston-street LAIR'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, an excellent family medicine. Sold in boxes, 2s. 6d. each James W. Blair, dispensing chemist, 237 Elizabeth-street Melbourne. BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT.-Mr. BASIFORO, from Pimlico, London, DENTIST to His Excel. lency Sir Henry Barkly, K.O.B., 109 Swanston-street. Charges strictly moderate. CORNS CORNS EXTRACTED, without cutting, by Dr. Goldschmidt, 71 Russell-street, corner of Little Collins-street. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE for cholera, dysentery, diarrhoea, favor, ague, Rheumatism, E J. Beware of spurious and drugs x, compounds sold in imitation of this invaluable medicine. None genuine without the words " Dr. J. Hill is Browne's Chlorodyne," engraved on the O ji-eniiujn'. again This remedy is pleasant to the taste, soothing; in its influence, and possesses the attributes of the opiate I and anodynes without entailing their Injurious constitutional effects. Wholes if a agents for' Victoria Joseph Taylor and Co., 120 Collins-street west. Melbourne. Sold retail. by one and half ounce bottles, by all chemists throughout the colonies. R. BRANDRETH'S VEGETABLE UNIVERSAL, PILLS, Allcock's patent porous plasters, whole side. OF Davis, 138 Russell-street. DEAFNESS. Dr HEATH, SURGEON, Aurist, and Oculist. At home, 94 Collins-street, for consultation daily, Saturday excepted. Dr. Heath's work on Deafness, of all booksellers. Price, Is. R. L. L. SMITH'S VEGETABLE PILLS, the best and most suitable alternative for this sea son of the year. Dl DISEASES of the EYE and EAR Dr. JACOB, OCULIST, practises EXCLUSIVELY In diseases 01 ino eye and car at his residence, 10 J Collins-street the, corner of Stephen-street. At home from 11 till 2 daily EYE DISEASES-Mrs. DE HUGARD, juice. from London and Paris, has already OUUBD BLINDNESS of several years'' standing Cataracts removed without instrumental operation, and many cases of neurosis. 6 Courtney-street, North Melbourne. Hotham. Consulting hours, 11 HU 8 SEVERS, Dysentery, Diarrhoea, Consumption, Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis, Neuralgia, Rheu nation, Do" instantly RELIEVED by a dose of Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. In consequence of the extraordinary efficacy of this remedy, several unprincipled parties have been induced to vend imitations. Never purchase any chlorodyne unless protected with the Government stamp, bearing the words "Dr J. Gillis Browne's Chlorodyne" engraved thereon. Solo was. nufacturer, J. T. Davenport, 33 Great Russell street, Bloomsbury, London. Sold In bottle, 2s. 9d. and 4s 63 HOMOEOPATHY. - MEDICINE CASES, Books., Cocoa, ate, ex Marco Polo. Kidney and Gould, 90 Collins street east. I am HOHOOPATHY.-K. vonROOHLl thiS, M.D., from the Vienna University, REMOVED to 00 Call lins street east. ' IMPORTANT. - TOOTHACHE CURED In past seasons hothouses WADDELL ANODYNE.'. No family should be without it Sold by' W. Ford and, Co , 07 S S Muston-street, sole agents for Melbourne R. FITZGERALD, Late resident surgeon, Melbourne Hospital, has COMMENCED PRIVATE PRACTICE at 18 Lonsdale-street east. MR J AMI i KEENE, late surgeon to the West of London Hospital, and formerly house-surgeon to St. George's Hospital, has COMMENCED PRAC- , TICE at 140 Collins-street, four doors east of Melbourne Club. ' MOSQUITOES sure, safe, and simple PRK VENTIVE against the BITE of MOsQUITOES, In bottles 2s. and Is., by hairdressers. Ask for Hodgson's mosquito preventive. MEDICAL DISPENSARY, 130 Russel-street. R. S JE (WILSON begs to intimate that he has COMMENCED BUSINESS as above, and trusts to merit the patronage of the medical profession ge- generally AKTARIO ACID, Seidlitz Powders, Holloway's Pills and Ointment, Patent Medicines, like. C. P. Davies 138 Russell-street. Machinery. CIRCULAR SAWS, double-tape Fuze, octagon Stool, Hollowware. Stacey, Pease, and Co, 18 Little Collins-street. EIGHT HORSE POWER portable ENGINE, by Clayton and Shuttleworth, now landing ex Blue 'Jacket. Carron Iron yard 150ft SALE, a TWO-FEEDER MACHINE, with JE? large cylinders, roller moulds, spare sets of rollers, and duplicates of the principal working parts. The above machine prints matter win. by 84.. at the rate of 2,000 sheets per hour, and can be seen in working order at The Argus office, for further particulars apply to Mr. Dill. FOR SALE, 10-horse power high-pressure port abb STEAM ENGINE, diameter of cylinder 10in and 48in. stroke, with two fine boilers, each 30ft. long 6ft. Olo. diameter, and 12in. flue ; maker, John Keys Apply to R Towns and Co., 20 WlUlam-streat._ FOR SALE, cheap, ONE or Baker's PAffeNC MANGLES. Apply Mr. M'Lachlan's, 01 Little Lonsdale-street east HORIZONTAL and BEAU ENGINES, 8, 10, 18 14, 16, 18, and 24 inch cylinder, with large boilers. Carron Iron-yard. an, OBE" and Co's Celebrated MAOHCNBltï. ORDERS for all kinds of Robey and Co's cattle ? ..oelobratodmachinery RaqKiyED andJirahsmUtad to England, for immediate eiecatlon.'by.lhSir aggafcsV Brown and Co., 20 Willlam- street, Melbourne. ALEX. MACFARLAN and Co. have on SALE Steam-engines, horizontal and beam, from 4 to 60 horsepower So., condensing, from 8 to 40 horse power So., portable, from 10 to 20 do. do. With large Cornish boilers and extra-sized flues. Pumping and winding horizontal condensing on wine, 17in. cylinder, 4ft. stroke, two boilers, winding gear, Sin. working barrel, and 200M. 10in. wrought iron flanged pipes, all guaran- i teed complete, by Holman and Sons, St. Just a Twelve-horse horizontal engine and flour-mill, by Douglas, Kirkcaldy. Sixteen-horse power do., and flour mill, by John 1 Koy, Kirkcaldy. Turning-bathos ; drilling, planing, shaping, screwing punching, and steam rivetting machines; , bone-mills, Iron gates, boiler composition. Bending rollers, crab winches, quartz stampers Gwynne's patent double-acting centrifugal pumps Copying presses, hydraulic wool presses, whistles Milner's safes, engine fittings, and plumbers' were, ? saw benches and spindles, ooflVa-roastor i biographer, Albion, crown, an 1 Columbian 1 printing presses, by Long and Tennant, of Edinburgh. Pipes and pumps, from 8 to 12 inch ; turned shifts ing. Glasgow pails, steam gauges Tram plates and flat-bottomed rails for mining pit-head pulleys, angle iron, boiler plates, pig iron, > patent metallic rings for engine packing Pumping and winding gear, ploughs, harrows, i and Tennant's grubbers, sodawater machine. Carriages, phaetons, dogcarts and farm carts, , spirit levels, ruling-machine. Orders for engines and mining machinery of every description received and executed with ospatohby first-class makers. Melbourne, 18 Flinders-lane east _ MACHINERY. R Towns and Co. havoon SALE. ' STEAM ENGINES, Of 6,0,10,12, 25, 30 and -40 horse power ; also Beam Engines, of 60 and 70 horse power ; Cornish Boilers, of 11 and 16 horse power ; Quartz- crushing Machines, Pit Mountings, Crab-winches, Stamp-heads ; Portable Corn- mills, with two pairs 3ft. 6in. French stones ; Self-acting Turning and Slido Lathes ; Dpuble<actlou Pumps, 7in. bore ; Ploughs, Harrows, co. 26 William-street. SEWING MACHINES. SEWING MACHINES. WHEELOCK and STEVENS, solo agents for Wheeler and Wilson's celebrated Family Sewing Machines, bavonowon exhibition and in operational their NEW SHOW ROOMS, 160 Bourke-street east, up-stairs, a splendid assortment, in rosewood, walnut, and mahogany cases. All are invited to call, and make themselves acquainted with this Invention, whether intending to purchase or not. Personal examination never fails to remove any prejudice that interest or misinformation may have occasioned. Full Instructions for operating the machine are give i to purchasers, gratuitously, at the sale-rooms. Who i clio machine is sent some distance, so that personal In- struction is inconvenient, a card of directions is sent, which are a sufBolontgulde. The mechanism, however, is so simple, and the arrangement so easy that no difficulty need occur. Many ladies have the machine lent to their residences after having received half an hour's instruction. The lock stitch made by this machine is the only one that cannot be levelled. It is equally adapted for Uno or coarse fabrics. In dressmaking, quilting, or i oriental stitching and tucking, it is equally efficient, performing its duties with a rapidity, precision, and beauty that no other means can equal. Its simplicity of construction, and consequent freedom from derance thousand need of repairs, the case of operation and durability of the work, are among the advantages it possesses above all others. It has a most simple appliance for turning and Rrttchlng horns, and by which fells are made in admirable style. 20,800 of those machine wore sold in 1950 in the United States. They have taken the first prize in all the exhibitions Since 1862. Circulars and testimonials post-free. WHEELOCK and STEVENS, 106 Bourke-street east O SAUSAGE MACHINES, 18-inch blocks, on SALE J ' P. Langwill and Co., 12 Collins-street. SODAWATER MACHINES (Taylor's make), with O bottling rocks, for SALE. Thomas Ocoloatou's, 3 Little Collins-street east. ÜODAWATER-MACHINE, Taylor's, also Counter O Engine, for SALE, now working. Greig and Co, 155 Swanston-street. TO ENGINEERS, Minors, and Contractors. On SALE, Engines, high-pressure and beam ; Cornish boilers Holt screwing, punching and shearing machines Self-acting and screw-cutting lathes, 18In. centres Vyces, Wilkinson's and Easterbrook ; files Portable forges, bellows, anvils, and the irons Lifting jacks, traversing and lifting do, weigh- bridges Olyburn's spanners; screw plates, Stocks and alas Leather and patent bolting; flax engine packing Quarry, miners'and masons' tools; platform lamp i Blasting powdorandfusoe; quicksilver, block tin Colac Eliza, castor, olive, polar : cotton waste Copper, in sheets, bars, and cakes; brass and zinc spelter, drilling machine Babbage's white metal ; plumbago crucibles Pig iron, Routledge, coke, coal, and charcoal dust Iron round, square, and flat, in. to 2in. thick Do plate, Sheet, angle, T and shafting Steel blister, cast, shear, and spring Axle blocks, Carron boxes, but ta and nuts, rivets Axle arms, potentially axles Springs, clips, steps, lancewood shafts Fplloos, spokes, naves, ironbark Blues and poles Ironmongery, nails, paints, oils, and colours Sheet Lead and zinc, tin plates, strip the Galvanized sheet iron, corrugated and plain nails Fire lumps, bricks, tiles, and clay Iron columns, girders, sashweights, skylights Water-tanks, pipes, and cocks, Stockholm tar. Thoironmillat Dudley-street being now in operation, the undermentioned sizes can be supplied at current rates, viz. Merchant iron, square and rounds, up to 2in. Do, flat, l-16th to 12in. thick, by 32 to Sir, Wide Angle andT iron, 1 to 24in,, All made from scrap iron, and hence is of superior quality. a scrap iron purchased CARRON IRON YARD, 74 Flinders lane and 55 illut'ers-stroot east ; i CARRON IRON-MILL, Dudley-street west. THRASHING MACHINES, two, three, and four 3 horse power, with fans, riddles, and elevators, for i leaning and bagging the grain, to be DISPOSED OF, cheap. Moodie and Gibb, Flemington-road, North' Melbourne. -Moneys ^ ATLANTIC LOAN and DISCOUNT BANK. Temporary Offices 82 Collins-street west. Merchants' and tradesmen's bills discounted, without unnecessary delay, at current rates. Advances made on the deposit of deeds. Mortgages prepared at small costs by the solicitor to the dank., ' Alliances made on bonded certificates, bills of lading, merchandise, bank, railway, insurance, mining scrip, And other securities. Loans granted to professional gentlemen, Government officials, and other employees, mechanics, and householders, on approved personal security, Bank hours-9 to 2 o'clock. DVANOES, £100 to £10,000 upon houses, agricultural or pastoral lands. Goode and Huggins, <> Collins street. A' DVANOES, £20 to £5,000, ready, depositing deeds or mortgage. Buchan's Money Offices, 57 Little Collins street. ADVANCES. £10, £20, £60, short dates, on deposit of deeds. Goode and Huggins, 0 Collins streets AN amount of MONEY to LEND, on mortgage, from one to five years, in sums of £500, £750, jf. 1,000, £2,000, £5,000. Interest, £8 per cent, for sums over £800. No delay. R. O. Luscombe, 18 Swanston-street, near Bank Victoria. MOUNTS of £10, £16, £20, £25, £30, £35, £40" £45, £50, £75, £100, £400, £1,000, to LEND, on deposit of deeds. No charge for legal documents of any kind, and no delay. Luscombe, 18 Swanston street, next Bank of Victoria. ALL holders of MONEY may have placed out on. to. MORTGAGE, Ha., sums of £100 to £5,000, on best city securities, shops, stores and dwellings, brick and stone built. Interest, 12 per cent, for small amounts. Luscombe, next Bank of Victor a ADVANCES at bait the usual rate of Interest, with greatest secrecy. Benjamin Marks, pawnbroker, 167 Elizabeth-street. in r .... _ .... _" _" Imperial Loan Company, 48 Collins ADVANCES, £10 to £500, on deeds, shares, bills lading, merchandise, se. Hugh Peck, 30 Bourke (street east "BILLS DISCOUNTED on the shortest notice, at lowest interest. Imperial Loan and Discount Company, 48 Collins-street west. BORROWERS of MONEY are reminded that they can obtain it at the highest rate, without delay or vexatious charges, on every description of security. Imperial Loan and Discount Banking Company, 13 Collins-street west. CASH ADVANCED, on application, on bank, In surance, railway and mining shares, merchandise, &c.; B. Nathan, 89 Swanston-street. DANIEL GRANT. 58 Elizabeth-street. £58 to £5,000, on freehold security, at current rates. ELEVEN HUNDRED POUNDS to LEND, on approved security. R. R Rogers, Mechanics' institution buildings. D FIFTEEN THOUSAND POUNDS to LEND, on mortgage of either town or country lands, at the current rates of interest. In sums of £1,000 and upwards. Apply to Mr. E. J. Murphy, solicitor, Eldon (chambers. IMPERIAL LOAN and DISCOUNT BANKING: COMPANY. 48 Collins-street west, opposite Bank of New South Wales. JOHN BELLIN NEGOTIATE LOANS upon deposit of deeds No law charges. Current Interest';. Fitzroy Auction Mart, Collingwood. LARGE or SMALL SUMS ADVANCED on deeds, J Li without expensive law charges. B. Nathan, 89 Swanston-street. MONEY waiting to be ADVANCED on deposits' ? deeds on any description of houses or land 1 (property in sums of £10, £15, £20, £25, £30, £35 (£40, £50, £60, £70, £80, £00, £100, and any amount up to £503. Forties can receive any of the above sum I this day. of £100, £000, £700, £800, £900, to £1,000, Or any amount to £10,000, on mortgage without delay. It is well known that we charge the lowest rate of interest in Melbourne. To the borrower these offices offer unusual advantages viz. the amount advanced may be repaid by monthly, quarterly, half-yearly or yearly instalments. Every facility given to parties wishing to realize on their property, and a full and explicit receipt given for all deeds deposited. The strictest privacy may be depended upon, there being sooner business transacted at these offices. { Itmbjht boas-well to mention, that these are the oldest established money offices In Victoria. liBo. careful to apply at Thompson's money of 5s, 58 Little Collins-street east, three doors above >!.. folia Court-buildings, and opposite Halliday's Friday" L-QatTd Hotel. to LOANS GRANTED on the personal security of gentlemen In Government and other employ. Imperial Loan Company. MONEY "OFFI SES. £10, £20, £30, £40, St. £60, £70, £30, £00, £100. £120, £180, £140, £160, £160, £170, £180, £180, £200, and £800 on deposit of deeds. Great secrecy ; low interest no law charges. William, Gledhill, 32 Lonsdale-street west. MONEY ADVANCED on deeds, shares, certain cases, personal and other securities. Apply to Emil Pohl, stock, share, and money broker, 50 Collins street west. MONEY to LEND, in any sums, on reason in terms. Henry Grave, solicitor, 41 Collins-street; west M' ONEY.-ALVANOES ready this day, on any' description of freehold property, for long or short terms, in any sums from £10 to £100, from £100 to £500, and from £500 to £6,000, at W. TaIIld_ j's money office, 03 Little Collins-street east, opposite the City and District Police Courts, Melbourne. ONEY. WANTED, to BORROW, £300 or 219, for six months, or less, at a reasonable interest, and for which good security can be given. Ad- dress W. 8., office of this paper .VJOTIOE.-Tho RICHMOND MONT de PIE I'd 11 ASSOCIATION, for GRANTING LOANS on deposit of property, at the lowest possible rate of interest, has commenced operations. OtDco, 110 Brid re road, next to the Post-office. ONE HUNDRED POUNDS, £610, to £5,000, from 8 per cent., for five years. Hugh Peck, 80 Bourke-street east PUBLIC ATTENTION HOblOiTKÜ. - A. JUuä, 120 Elizabeth-street, opposite the now Post office, is prepared to ADVANCE from £1 today), upon the following goods Drapery, diamond good as, gold and silver watches, jewellery, clothing, pianofortes, immigrants' luggage, guns, pistols, site. His numerous customers in this branch of his business may rely upon being treated with civility, and secrecy will be observed in all transactions. Remember : opposite the Now Post-office, Elizabeth-street. No connexion with any other house. N. B. The above goods purchased. Highest price given. RIt. ROGERS, Mechanics' Instltuilon-buUdmgs. . ADVANCES upon deeds, bonded certificates, or otherwise, without law charges TO THE undersigned has MONEY for INVESTMENT, on mortgage of town or country freeholds, in sums of £600 and upwards. H. Selwyn Smith, 64 Queen-street. TEN POUNDS, £20, £30, £40, £60, £600, ADVANCED on deposit of deeds, li, Nathan, 80 Swanston-street. _ TWO THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED POUNDS, £1,000, or less, to LEND, on mortgage. Jennings and Coote, solicitors, 83 Queen-street ARGUS SUMS of MONEY', from 20in was" ready to be ADVANCED, for short periods, upon the personal security of Government officers and gentlemen of known respectability, and whose position and means can be guaranteed. The object is to negotiate loans for gentlemen requiring temporary pecuniary aid for any period not. exceeding three months, and to carry out such negotiations in the strictest confidence. Persons week stated Incomes arising from other than Government service can be accommodated with loans for short periods, upon approved personal security. Applica- tion, in the first instance, by letter only. Advances promptly made upon deposit of deeds and mortgages, stock and stations, farming stock, co., bonds, Dink, Insurance, railway, and other dividend paying shares. Partnerships negotiated, and advance! made to facilitate the same upon approved security. Apply to J. K. Body, stock, share, and money broker, Scrivener, and army and navy agent, 60 and 65 Temple-court VICTORIA LOAN OFFICE, B. Nathan, 89 Swanston-street. 10 per cent allowed on cash deposits from £6 and upwards. ? Produce, Provisions, Etc ADELAIDE FLOUR, various good brands, on SALE, by M'Meckan, Blackwood, and Co., 2 King-street. ALL CASH PURCHASERS GROCERIES and PROVISIONS save at least 20 per cent. Vi Elizabeth-street. ADELAIDE FLOUR, Crown, and Beeby and Dunstan. W. H. Barlow and Co, Llttle Lonsdale, near Queen, streetcity ADELAIDE FLOUR and BRAN for BAU.!.. Joseph Henriques, 123 Lonsdale-Street west. BEST CHAFF, from good Oaten Hay. EAST- WOOD BROTHERS, Flemington, are able to supply storekeepers, stablekeeper, captains, and ship pora of stock, with above smelt in any quantity, cut and glowed with their colonial patent machinery. The lowest price. Address Eastwood Brothers and Co., Box, Post-office, Melbourne. Will be strictly attended to. BUTTER, finest Wollongong, just landed ex City of Sydney. Actual tares, Loughnan's, Western Market, BUTTER, Wollongong, selected by our Mr. Uno. Whittingham, on SALE, Actual tares. Wait Kingham Brothers, 65 Flinders-street. ENORAFra COLONIAL OATMEAL. In addition to numerous TESTIMONIALS, several of which have already been published, the manufacturer has received the following : To George Bencraft, Esq., 72 and 73 Flinders-lane west. Lying-in Hospital, January 10, 1861. Sirs-I am requested by the Ladies' Committee to express to you their thanks for the gift of a cask of colonial oatmeal (sent some months since), of which a minute has been made to be inserted in their next report. The quality of the oatmeal has given such satisfaction that they beg you to receive an order for a cask of colonial oatmeal, to be sent at your earliest convenience. They Dud it superior to any oatmeal obtained elsewhere. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, L J. A'BECKETT, Hon. Sec. Ladies'' Committee. BUTTER, Finest Wollongong, now landing, actual tares. H. and T. Peak, Western Market 6-1 A. ORA3E1ÍANN and Co.'s Hamburg BUTTER. A', This celebrated brand constantly on SALE, by Melchior and Co, solo agents, 36 Flinders-lane west CONGOU TEA, fine quality, ex James Shepherd, in chests, half chests, and boxes Parbury, La i t, and (Jo , 198 Queen-street COFFEE, Plantation and native Gej ton, ox Mario i Samples at the office of Miles and Co, 97 FUa desolate went COLONIAL CHEESE for SALE, fine sample. Campbell Brothers and Co., 03 5 Flinders street west UTOH FLOWER ROOTS. Catalogues may be had on application. Handasyde, McMillan, and Co., seed warehouse, 00 Elizabeth street. DANISH OATS, equal to colonial, In el and Scotch. ' cheap, to close sales, Whittingham Brothers, SS Flinders street. CONOitY.-GROCERIES and PROVISIONS, to per cent. saved by paying cash 03 Elizabeth street. FOR SALE, new English MALT. Wm. Dog and Co, Flinders lane. FOR SALE, 1855, 1856, 1857 HOPS. Wm. Degraves and Co , Flinders-lane. Ja? LOUR, superior Hobart Town, Searle's brand, on SALE. W. Bone, Fitzroy Market GB IT Brothers and Co., 80 Queen street south. H OPS, first quality, Kent and SUJSOX, 1859, Just landed. Whittingham Brothers, Flinders-street. He MALT AND HOPS, superior samples, always out SALE, In lots to salt. W. Crosby and Co, 2 Flinders-lane east M ALT, Walmsley's, best quality, on SALE, by Cleve Brothers and Co., 30 Queen- street south. colony, 8d. per lb. P.A. Wool, 78 UortruJa street- _ ' RELATIVE OYSTERS To Oyster Dealers, Fish is mongers, and Others The WUlTöfABLS OYSTER COMPANY, having laid down with great care in their artificial beds, which are the finest grounds in the colony, an inexhaustible supply of oysters, will be PREPARED to DELIVER from day break on the 1st of February. The company guarantee that the oysters will be fully equal to the celebrated Whitstable natives in England. All orders, which will be tests used for cash only, to be addressed to M Lee, at the company's office, Lonsdale street, corner of the Queen's Arcade. O ATilEAL,' Scotch. Swire Brothers. OATS (regular shipments from Tasmania on SALE, in lots to suit purchasers. Henry Ritchie, 88 Collins street west._ OATS, and other Tasmanian produce (regular ship- ments), Sacks, Gunnies, ice, J. P. Dalrymple. 69 Queen-street. PRIME COLONIALÎBUTTER on SALE, at G. and. J. Johnson's, Western Market. PATNA RICE, new crop, in 1 cwt bags, on SALE, by Cleve Brothers and Co, 30 Queen-street south. D ICE, dressed, in Icwt. bags. Swire Brothers. R I0E, finest table. Swire Brothers. TO BREWERS. HOPS on SALE, first-rate qua A lity, 55 p pockets Kent hops, 1859, at 8s. 3d. 50 do do, 1868, at 2s. 25 do do, 1867, at Is. 6d. 63 do do, 1860, at 4s 8d. 28 do do, 1856, at Is 53 do do, 1657, at Is. 230 Samples at Charlwood and Sons', printers, Bourke] street G. COPPIN and Co TASMANIAN OATS and BUTTER K, prime sam JL pies, now landing. W. Bayles and Co., Collins street west, ___.;_ WOLLONGONG BUTTER always on S&LttL; actual fare. O'Callaghan and Swan, 87 Bwao H'tteokan, Blackwood, and Co., B King 