TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. ' 1 ' Sydney, Thursday. ; . The Danish ship Otto, with 1,000 quarter sacks of flour, has an-ived froin San Francisco. Her news to 22nd Jan., fully confirms all the news tci Europe as to the breach between North and South. Cali- fornians aro for union and compromise. ; The mail anchored about 2 o'clock. Everything yvas pre pared' for a piiblie' reception of foe ' Governor-Gen eral, but I10 refused all, and landed privately. It was at onee announced that there would be a pub lic-', re-landing at noon to- morrow: but foo dis satisfaction wasveiy' general at this cavalier treat ment. ... ; : . - . Friday Evening. Sir John Young has assumed foe reins of Govern ment, but lie will not receive bis commission until next mail. He has only been sworn in as Adminis trator. of foe Government. Owing to foe disap pointment of yesterday, "foe reception and levee were . comparatively, poor. .Private advicep from Btirrangong shew that the miners aro as determined lis ever against foe Chinese, and will probably burn them out at night, nothwifo'standing their issola- tion in Blackguard Golly. The soltUers have been unaer arms, expecting a disturbance. — Argus. The Road to the AVest. — Money has been' spent on. different places on the roads between Castlemaine and Maldon, and between. Newstead and Carisbrook, but no attempt bus yet been made to form one continuous lino of road, and it is diffi cult at. the present moment to decide which is foe worst, the way by Newptcad, or that by. Tanun- gulvcl: : III juuatl>o.aftulott«id tbol ol 1:1, 0 towns And districts interested," have themselves to blarao in a great measure for the loss they suffer by this road not being made. Nothing but foe most unheard of apathy on their part could ever have allowed- of this continued trilling with the interests of so important a district as this road is intended to serve. If the inhabitants of Maryborough", Caris brook, and Mai don, had united ' 'their forces ' to ob tain what is so obviously their just due, they might have, depended upon tlie "cordial' co-operation, not only of tlio up-country, but'of Castlenuune, which is almost, equally interested ' with themselves in this matter.; Castlemaino, from its geographical posi tion, as well as from its other, advantages, natural and- acquired; hits an undoubted right' to be con sidered the emporium of the trade 01 the ' northern and north-western golclfields, but it is notorious that much of foo trade which by right should flow through Castleinaine to this district now finds its way via Bnllorat, and .until one good road is made from Castlemaine to Maryborough ; this evil will continuo to increase, and the great bulk of foe trade pf these wealthy and populous regions, will eventu ally bo monopolised by Ballarat, leaving to Castle maine only a very small per-eentage" of foo trade of .what ought to be her own market. — Jf. :<fc 17. Ad vertiser. ' I . ; ' The- Late Murders in South Australia. — 'A correspondent of the ' Register ' ; says— ' ' Mrs Rainberd s liead was so . battered about as not to leavo a part uninjured ; libr left ankle was also dis located. The younger child, a hoy, had his head crushed to pieces with Iub eyes protruding, as though some ferocious or brutal violence had been used after foe fatal blow was given t foe other child, a girl, had a large wound at tho back of. the head. 'The' affair has produced' great consternation over foe' whole neighborhood. Five of) foo natives are how in foo custody, of foe police, MrYHortland and, Mr Woojl, of Macaw Cremc, renqering,- every assistance, with horses, &c.;, in focirfcaptitre ;.as alsoMessra'Potts,' Ayliffc, Ferrier, aiidlofocra. Dr, "VVood-held a coroners uiquest ycsteiAiy, foe prin cipal evidence- of wliich is, that a number of blacks . ivi raied. that iv:i.v .inrl called at the house :of 'Ml Raimierd for a drink of water, and finding.tlie poor woman alone had taken advantage of jthe circum stance. It is supposed slio haa at first made her, escape from them, when they followad her, and 'when about 150 yards or 200 yards froii foe house, had dealt tho fatal blow, from evideiob that two poolfi of blood were at that siiot, and packs being traced to the wombat holes.' There was no evidence to show that foero wos any attempt at) plunder, as everything, was left in the -house. Ijr Mudie at tended early .011 Wpdneadav morning, qnd examined foo: bodies;' afterwards, Dr , Blood, qf, Kapunda, came over and cicamiucd foo bodies, anil gave medi cal evidence to foo ellbct las heforelstated. 'Tho jmy returned a verdict of wilful murder against pome person' or persons " tmknWhJ' ' " Oiiaof foe na tives now in custody has confessed to leaving seen, tlio murder committed. It is to ho hopad "that fob' jgiiilty parties /-may meet with their duo punish, mehji." ' " .; : )Tiie MAitYDOijouaii Volunteer i.'uiuform.-;- On Thgraday evening tlio volunteers tdriicd out in then- new uniform, and rcallymadcu vcry handsome appearaneo. The uniform is of a stone color, very Bliqlitly relioved with seiu'let at the 'cuffs and collara of the coats, and with scarlet and black stripes on foe trousers. — Advertiser. The Ministry. — The re-election of Mr Loader, the new Commissioner of Trade and Customs, for West Melbourne, on Friday morning, was as tamo an affair us possible. About fifty people were out side the hustings in tho Western Market. After a warm speech from Mr Phillips, Mr Loader's proposer, in favor of the present administration, which, however, was received in solemn silence, the nomination was seconded, and the candidate declared duly elected. Mr Loader then briefly addressed the electors, assuring them that lie was as warmly in favor of immigration as over, aud that he wished also to cultivate the growth of cotton. A vote of tliauks to the returning officer concluded foe pro ceedings. — Argus. Sale of the Camp Dmw, Ground We re mind our readers tbut tho meeting respecting the side of this ground will be held ibis evening at the Criterion Hull, and it is to bo hoped a large num ber will attend, no that an expression of opinion on foo subject may be obtiuuod. 