[ADVERTISEMENT.]-NELSON SHARK-500 Tickets at £1 each. -Intending subscribers are requested to secure their tickets at once, as it is earnestly desired that the drawing take place without delay. The market -value of this interest is now £550 cash. There are only a few tickets left, which can by early application be obtained of Mr F. Humffray, stationer, or of . Wm. Bridges, Pantheon Hotel, Main road. Ko further announce- ment until remaining shares are sold. FOB REM AINU KR Of INTJS^LIGhNCE SBB FOURTH PAGE AND SUPPLE- MENT. APCTIOff SALES. THIS DAY. HEPBUBS & LEONARD -At Turf Hotel, at 2 o'clock, fat cattle. H. SATSCOH-At his rooms, at 12 o'clock, mining share. MiTcaisoN BROTHERS-On the premises. Buninyong, at ll o'clock, groceries, oil- men's stores, horses, carts, cattle, poultry, and sundries. J. S. CARVEE-On the premises of Mr Leary, Mair street, at 12 o'clock, timber, buildings, cottage, &c.; HöUcrusc ¡nciua. " THURSDAY, 1st AUGUST, At twelve o clock. EXTENSIVE CLEARING SALE. By order pf the propriotor, William Sim, Esq., to be held on his farm, Mount Hol- lowback, about eight miles from Ballarat. Highly Impotent to Farmers. Horse Breedeis, Contractors. Carriers, Dairymen, and Others. 110 Horses snd Brood Hares. Colts and Fillies. Saddle Hacks, &c.; Farming Implements, v i Drays, Waggons, .; O'FARRELL & nnTT1iiVii1mi|f^OT^Vit1 8 by William Sim, Eeq^ to í^íítyíaúe ttou, .. !.Vri*-î ï- '. ? 40 first class heavy Clydesdale Taares and horses, from 4 to 7 years old, inuiorbed and colonial bred. " ? ; (The greater part of the mares are early in foal to Clyde.) 30 pure bred Clydesdale colts and fillies, 2 years old, the progeny of the above mares and imported stallions. 30 colts and fillies, 1 year old, the progeny of the proprietor's mares and imported stal- lion "«ílyde.' The imported cart Btallion "CLYDE," winner of the Champion Cup at the last Bal- arat Show, and various other prizes. 10 Hacks and light harness Horses. 30 head of superior quiet dairy cattle. Steam thrashing machine, reaping and mowing machines, stripping machines, and an almost endless variety of farmers' imple- ments aud sundries of first class quality, in- cluding amongst other things - 10 Sellars' and Grant's ploughs 3 chaff-cutters and horse works Winnowing machines, harrows, drays, waggons, new 6pring cart aud harness 10 Bets Scotch harness. The above include the whole of the pro- prietor's stud of imported and colonial bred horses and mares, carefully selected by him during the last three or four years. The young stock are equal to anything of their age in the colony. This sale presents to breeders and others a rare opportunity of selecting choice draft stock for breeding or working purposes. Terms -Half cash; balance by approved bills at three months. Lunch at half-past eleven o'clock. SATURDAY, 3rd AUGUST, At 12 o'clock. Dairy Cattle. O'FA KRELL & SON have been instructed by Mr Arthur Smith, of Shelford, to sell by auction, at their yards, Doveton street, 30 head of Dairy Cattle, consisting of cows and heifers in full milk, and springing to calve, and a few steers. Positively without tbe slightest reserve. SATURDAY, 10th AUGUST, At Twelve o'clock, At O'Farrell & Son's Sale Yards, Armstrong and Doveton streets. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 15 Heavy Draught Colts and Fillies From the run of W. Morrison, Esq. O'FARRELL & SON will sell by auction, at their Bazaar, 15 pure Clydesdale colts and fillies, from Z to 3 years old, by " George Buchanan" and " Britain." TO DAIRYMEN.- To be Sold at Mr Sim's sale, at Mount Hollowback, on li>t August. 20 prime Cows, newly calved. THURSDAY, 1st AUGUST. To Butch rs. Fat CalveB. Fat Calves. A LEXANDER KELLY will s* ll at Bath's ;\\_ Hotel Sale Yards, on Thursday, the 1st August, at two o'clock sharp, 20 head prime fat calves. TUESDAY, 6th AUGUST, At eleven o'clock. To Farmers, Dairymen, Graziers, and Others. UNRESERVED SALE or 135 Head of Cattle. JAMES BRAWN has received instruc- tions to sell at his Yards, at Long Point, Creswick, on the above date, the* undermentioned, viz. : - 135 head of cattle, consisting of steers, bullocks, cows in calf, and calves. To be cold separately oi in lota to suit purchasers. As this will be an unreserved sale, the whole must be disposed of on the above da'e. I Terms liberal, at aale, ffcf Remember-Tuesday, the 6th Awgust, at «leven o'clock. THIS DAT. To Grocers, Storekeeper«, and others. In the Insolvent Batate of John >Vf, of MrrCBlSON^È^O^vFiil asJl by auction, on the premises, "Buninyong, opposite the Crown Hotel, on the above-named day, to the highest bidder, A weU-eelected stock of groceries, hard- ware, &C-;, consisting of teas, sugar, rice, coffee, currante, cheese, hope, butter, fruit«, pickles, and sauces, candles, tobacco, confec- tionery, preserved fish, and au endless variety of oilmen's stores. Also, An assortment of ironware, brushware, crockery, stationery, rope, &c.;, &c; two superior draught horses, dray, spring cart, and harness; two cows and calves; poultry, pigs, large chaff-cutter, coffee mfll, weights, and scales; weighing machine, oat-crusher, and ten acres growing crop of oats. The auctioneer invites special attention to this extensive sale, as the stock was lately selected, and is in first-class order. Sale at elevan o'clock sharp. _Terms, cash. THIS DAY. Fat Cattle. Prize Cows. aEPBUBN & LEONARD have been instructed by Hr John Ware, of Min- yan, to sell on Wednesday, 31st July, at their yards, adjoining the Turf Hotel, léO head prime fat cattle, PD brand. Among which will be offered, 12 Superior Fat Cows-Prize Cattle, Superior to any lately broug t to market by Mr J. Ware. Sale at 2 o'clock. Notice of Postponement of Sale. fj^HE SALE of FREEHOLD PROPERTY JJL ia BUNINYONG, advertised to take place this day, Monday, 29th July, has been unavoidably postponed till MONDAY, 5th AUGUST. _HEPBURN & LEONAED. THIS DAY. At the Commercial Sale Booms, At 12 o'clock sharp. HENRY SALMON has received instruc- tions to sell by auction as above One Share in the Ballarat Gold Mining Company. MORRISON'S PADDOCK, YANDOIT, unless the calls hereunder mentioned, and all attendant expenses be paid to the under- signed before the day of sale. Defaulter's Interest to be Calls Name. sold. unpaid. H. O. Sturt. 1 share. £18 10s. Terms-Cash. No reserve. HENRY SALMON, Auctioneer and Valuator, Chamber of Commerce, and Commercial Sale Rooms. SATURDAY, 3RD AUGUST, At the Commercial Sale Rooms, At 12 O'Clock. To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. Safe and Lucrative Investment. Absolute sale, the proprietor leaving the Colony. HENRY SALMON is favored *ith in- structions to sell by public auction as : above- r" That desirable Leasehold Property on which are erected the store of Mr M'Cul lock and houses adjoining situate in Mair street, Ballarat, to which, improving thoroughfare it possesses a frontage of 230 feet, besides considerable frontage to the adjoining street, which intersects a portion of the land. This eligible property is held on lease for a term of about 10 years unexpired, I at a ground rent of £100 per annum, a part is now let to respectable and punctually pay- ing tenants at rente amounting to £76 per annum, while the remaining portion at present in hand, when let, will command a further income of £125 per ajnum. The net income derivable may therefore be es- timate i at ¿£201 per annum. The highly improving character of the position of the property, its proximity to the projected railway station, and other local advantages, commend this opportunity to intending in- vestors as worthy of especial notice and attention. No reserve. Terms-One-third cash, the remainder by two equal instalments at 3 and 6 months date, bearing bank interest. HENRY SALMON, Auctioneer and Valuator, Chamber of Commerce and Commercial Sale Rooms. Mining Shares for Sa'e. 'HE UNDERSIGNED has for sale the JL undermentioned valuable shares, viz. : 1 full 8th share Nelson Gold Mining Company, Sebastopol. 1 full 70th share Pioneer Gold Mining Company, Durham. 5 sleeping share Defiance Gold Mining Company, Sebastopol. 2 30th shares Eureka Cement Company. 2 25th shares Golden Gate, Sebastopol. 1 25th share Convention Gold Mining Company. For price and particulars apply to Henry Salmon, HOUSE AND LAND AGENT, BILL & SHARE BROKER. AUCTIONEER AND VALUATOR. Bills Discounted. lERSONS having sold houses, land, I merchandise, or other properties apon terms, by bills, may have the said bills dis- counted, or advances made thereon, imme- diately. HENRY SALMON, Auctioneer, Bill and Money Broker. CASH ADVANCES MADE on HOUSES, LAND, MER- CHANDISE, PRODUCE. MA- CHINERY, SHARES, CATTLE, and every description of PROPERTY. .THE COMMERCIAL SALE ROOMS. STURT STREET, BALLARAT. Established for Sales by Auction cf surplus Stocks-iu-Trade, Merchan- dize generally, Furniture, and Miscellaneous Property. HENRY SALMON, Chamber of Commerce. HENRY SALMON, Bill and Money Broker. Important to Consignees, Merchants, Dealers, Tradesmen, and others. HENRY SALMON begs to announce that he bolds Periodical Sales by Auction in the above commodious premises, where bis extensive connection ensures to trades- men encumbered with heavy stocks, and dealers, a valuable opportunity of profitably realising, and to consignees a prompt and remunerative market for merchandize of every character. Excellent storage for 580 tons of property. Goo is received daily from 9 to 4 o'clock. Advances made on delivery if required. ' Where practicable account sales, with cash, rendered the day of sale. S des by auction conducted at private residences on the lowest terms. Mr Salmon devotes his personal attention to these sales, thus relieving vendors from all anxiety and ensuriug their property selling to tire best advantage. , , HENRY SALMON, Auctioneer, Valuator, Money sad Bill Broker, Chamber of Commerce. ? t ? - -, THIS DAT. 200,000 Feet Sawn Timber, &c.; JS. .CARVER bas been favored with .» instructions from Mr R. H. Leary to sell by auction, on the premises, Mair street, on Wednesday, 31st July, at 12 o'clock, 200,000 feet of the very best Bullarook Hardwood. Consisting of 3xL 3x2, 8x3, 4x2, 4x4, 4x4, 5x4, 6x3, 6x4, 6 x 6J, 8 x 2, 8 x 1£, 8 x 3, &c;, ftc. Doors and sashes, £ and f inch cedar. 14 and 2-inch clear pine, 9x3 and ll x 3 Baltic deals, cot. 1-S x 6 T. & G. Scotch flooring, 1-inch shelving. Dressed pine weather! warde, deal quar- tering. Palings, shingles, moulding, skirting, &c.; Substantial timber racks, ont of 6 x 3 hw. Store and offices, 22 feet x 23 feet. A well-built four-roomed cottage. 26 x 26, in Ligar street, Soldiers' Hill, delightfully situated, -and commanding a view of the whole of Ballarat. The stock will be put up in lots to suit purchasers. Terms liberal-declared at rale. FOR SALE two horses, whim, rope, buckets, and shaft of slabs. ' Apply to Jonathan Middleton, 3 Commercial Oham beis. Sturt Btreet. OR SALE in the Eureka Cement Com pany, (limited) One Thirtieth Share. Apply at Mr Harcourt, Ironmonger, Lydiard street; or Mr Dewar, manager, on the claim. ITIOR SALE, a Plant, with two "horses, X? whim, puddling machine, iron trucks; everything for the working of claim. Also, four hundred feet of fluming. Apply at Campbell's Hotel, Smythe'a'. ID LOTHIAN GOLD MINING VOti PANY, Lucky Woman's (Limited.) I, the undersigned, Israel Truswell, here- by make application to register the Mid- lothian Gold Mining Company under the provisions of the " Mining Partnerships Limited Liability Act, 1860." And J. do solemnly and sincerely declare that the fol- lowing statement is to the best of my belief and knowledge true hi every particular, namely;-? 1\. The name and style of the company is the Midlothian Gold Mi >ing Company. 2\. The place of intended operations is at Lucky Woman's, in a certain paddock com- monly known as the Linton Baker's Pad- dock. 3\. The nominal capital of the company is five thousand pounds (.£5000) sterling, in fifty (50) shares of one hundred pounds (£100) each. Also, 4\. The amount already paid np is niL 5\. The name in full of the manager is Israel TrusweU. 6\. The office of the company is at Lucky Woman's. The names and several residences of the shareholders, and the number of shares held by each at this date, are as follows: No. of Names. Addresses. Shares. Israel Truswell ... Lucky Woman's 10 Edward Morey. Lucky Woman's 10 Thomas Harrison... Linto.i's . 10 Alexander Nicholl Linton's . 10 William M'Kean_ Linton's. 10 ISRAEL TRUSW£LL, Manager. Witness-H&BBTB; WOOD. CROSUS and STANDARD Companies, Band of Hope Reef, Little Bendigo. A Meeting of the above will be held on Thursday evening, at half-past seven p.m., at Lester's Hotel. By order. PHIR GOLD MINING COMPANY, (Limited)-A General Special Meet- ing of the Shareholders of the above com- pany mil be held at the Prince of Wales Hotel, Standard Lead, Linton, on Saturday, 3rd August, at 7 o'clock p.m. F. P JWER, Manager. Linton, 31st July, 1861. AND OF HOPE COMPANY (Limited)^ -The time for receiving tenders for sinking tile shaf*> &c;, is extended to noon, 14th A ugust. Plans and specifications are now ready, and may be seen pt the com- pany's office from ten to four o'clock daily till that date. The engine will be worked eight hours daily for six days, commencing on Monday next. AND. J. FORBES, Manager. Black Hill Company. ryO CONTRACTORS. -TENDERS will 1 be received until noon, 7th August, 1861, for Removing 4000 to 5000 cubic yards earthwork. Completion, six weeks. Security required. Plans and specification can be seen at the Company's Offices, Black Hill. The lowest or any tender not neces- sarily accepted. Black Hill Company. 'j'O MUTEES.-TENDERS will be re L ceived until noon, 7th August, 18 dl, for construction of Tunnel through, the Com- pany's Crown Claim. Specification can be teen at the Company's Offices, LSlack Hill. The lowest or any tender not necessarily ac- cepted. Black Hill Company. ryo CARPENTERS.-TENDERS will be JL received until noou, 5th August, 1861, for removal and alterations to manager's residence. Specification and plans can be seen at the Company's offices. Black HUI. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. Black Hill Company. 'IO MINEES, -TENDERS will be re 1 ceived until noon, 7th August, 1861, for construction of tunnel through west side of hill. Specification ca'i be seen at the company's offices, Black Hill. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. Black Hill Company. TIO MINERS.-TENDERS will be re- ceived until noon, 7th August, 1861, tor construction of tunnel through east side of hill. Specification can be seen at the company's offices, Black Hill. The lowest or any tender nou necessarily accepted. SISTERS QUARTZ M1NINGCOMPANY (Limited).-TENDERS are invited by the above company for raising quartz at per ton or fathom. Particulars at the claim, Little Bendigo.-WiUiam Ford._ NEW PERSEVERANCE Quartz Com- pany, White Horse.-TENDERS wanted for raising quartz for the above com- pany. For particulars apply at once at the claim to W. M. Acheson, manager, r P ENDERS Wanted for carting Ten Tons L (more or less) to Sandy Creek on or be- fore Monday next. Messrs Hunt & Opie, Victoria Foundry, Ballarat. TENDERS required (labor only) for a sludge drain by the Danish Q. M Co. by Thursday, 12 o'clock. Specifications to be seen at the claim. J. B. Halls, Sec. /(^ENDERS are required for Raising from JL 200 to 300 loads of good Puddling Clay, at the Red Hill ; also, for Carting the same to the Durham Gold Mining Company's Claim, Swamp Lead. Tenders can be sent ' in for both or separately to the manager, at the company's office. No. 3 Temple Cham- bers, Lydiard street, where all particulars can be obtained, on or before Friday next. THOS. CORNISH, Manager. 30th July. ;_ rPENDERS required for Carpenters'Work I at the ßtore of the undersigned.-Wil- liam Eaves, Armstrong street. Ia ENDERS wanted for the erection of a four-roomed Cottage, weatherboard. For particulars apply to O'Farrell & Ken- nedy, Creswick road. Tenders required by the 2nd August._ 'I'O BUILDERS.-Fresh TENDERS will L be received up to 1st August for addi- tions to the residence of E. A. Wynne, Esq., Lyons street. The accepted tender not having been taken up by the contractor. F.O. Korn, Architect. To the Electors of Grenville. GENTLEMEN,-Yielding to the wishes of« very numerous and influential por- tion of the constituency, as one of your late representatives in the Legislative Assembly has signified, his intention of not again so- liciting your suffrages, I respectfully offer myself as a candidate for the honor of repre- senting you in Parliament ; and that you may have the opportunity of judging for yourselves of my fitness and ability to serve you, I parpóse paying an immediate visit to every part of your district, and to lay before yon afullexposition of my political principles and the opinions I hold upon the various important questions at present occupying the attention of the country. Knowing, as I do from personal observation, that for the most part the district of Grenville is one of the most neglected of any in Victoria, I am disposed to consider the opinions of its re- presentative on general questions of far less importance than the zeal and ability he dis- plays in his attention to local requirements. I may, however, state briefly that in re- ference to our public lands, I consider the extreme faultiness of past legislation, and the monopoly hitherto enjoyed by the squat- ter, to have been the chief causes of the pre- sent depressed state of the colony, an.i that far more liberal measures are necessary to insure the progress of our national prosperity. I therefore advocate a thorough revision of the present Land Sales Act, free selec- tion, the drawing of lots in cases of compe- tition in preference to the present system of limited auction, registration of titles, and simple transfer. ' In reference to the occu pat'ou licences, recently issued, I approve the principle, and would advocate its exten- sion to blocks of 320 acres, at a rental of 5 per cent, conditional upon residence or cultivation, with the right of purchase at any time, at a fixed price of one pound per acre. With regard to the Mining interest, I hold that the want of a comprehensive and liberal Mining Constitution, based upon sound and economic principles, and the un- certain and comp'icated character of our nuning jurisdiction, both of which are the result of rash and unwise legislation, and which afford no manner of security to cither capital or miner, have, more julian anything else, impeded the development of our'vast mineral resources, rendered profitless the expenditure of a large amount of both labor and r apital, and caused the presest depressed condition of the thousands unemployed of our gold fields population. I therefore look upon a thorough reform of our mining de p-ivtment, the reconstruction of our mining boards, the codification of our bylaws, the reduction cf the rent of leaseholds, the legalising of mining on private property, the establishment of a school for the educatiun of the miner, the transference to Melbourne of the Sydney mint, or the establishment of one upon a similar basis, a general scheme of water supply, and reduction of the export duty, as matters of paramount importance. Beform of the Upper House, organisation of the civil service, oue uniform system of national and secular education, municipal endowment, local insolvent courts, aud such, a comprehensive and liberal écheme of de- centralisation as will make the country dis- tricts comparatively independent of the revenue, five them from the caprice of ever changing ministries, incite them to au active ' emulation in developing their local resources, and encouraging industry, are measures which would have my earnest advocacy. I am in favor bf the abolition of state aid to religion, but am not at present prepared to deprive scattered country districts of the advantage derivable from such a source; neither do I think the cause of religion would be thereby benefitted. I am opposed to a vote in aid of immi- gration, convinced that ita necessity can only arise from some radical defect in the policy by which the colony is governed With reference to the vexed question of payment of members-Whilst I am opposed to the principie, and regard the proposal to place a sum on the Estimâtes forthat purpose as unconstitutional, acd am so circum- stanced as to fnake the adoption of aay such measure a matter of perfect indifference, and should in no way participate in its bene ats, yet, were I satisfied that the people really desired it, I would support a bill for the accomplishment of that object. The altered circumstances of the country together with a prospective reduction of the export duty on gold, renders a careful and judicious " revision of our fiscal system" a measure of absolute necessity. I am, how- ever, no protectionist, but look upon the term as a blind for oppressive t ixation to all consumers, and would therefore ftreuuously oppose any measure calculated to increase the cost of food, clothing, and other commo- dities of general and necessary consumption. With regard to the prese ;t or any other Ministry, 1 am prepared to give my support only so far as tbeir measures coincide with the opiuions I have expressed. The preseut Administration has undoubtedly bidden high for popular sympathy, but through want cf decision has been unable to carry its mea- sures, and I am, therefore, by no means dig posed to place implicit faith in its future management of pub ic affair?, but freely ex- press my fear that it will, by a protective, as opposed to a free trade policy, not only negative the good it has already achieved, but will plunge the colony into such difficul- ties as will oppose au effectual barrier to its further progre-s and prosperity. Tn conclusion, Gentlemen, should my principles and opinions meet with ycur con- currence, and you PO far honor me with your confidence as to return me as your representative, it will be my constant endea- vour to merit your esteem, by an ever watchful attention to local interests, and the consistent and intelligent advocacy of all sound and liberal measure«. I have the honor to be, Gen'lernen, Yours most respectfully, _MARK M. POPi:. NOTICE. THE NEW PAWNBROKERS* ACT having come into force, Cash Ad- vances may be had on the deposit of Deeds, Watches, Jewellery, and every description of Valuable Property, AT THE REDUCED RATES of INTEREST, AT H. LEVINSON'S Victoria Loan Office, Bridge street. /? ft AAA To be advanced on mort ©wOV/iJU gage, m sums of £100 and upwards. Apply to THOMAS RANDALL, Solicitor, Ballarat. Money to Lend. 11 HE undersigned is authorised to negoti- ate Loans on first class Properties in sums of £400 and upwards at 10 per cent, smaller sums, per cent. Sums of £50 to JE1O0 on deposit of deeds at current rates. For Sale-First-class Properties in Sturt Armstrong, Mair and Webster streets; first rate situation for a Hotel on thc Creswick Road, the town side of the Turf, a corner allotment. Apply to P. W. WELSH, MARKBT-SQUABE. WE, the undersigned have this day dis- solved Partnership by mutual con- sent. Q. , ( GEORGE SEARLE, ùigned -t J0HN BROWN. Witness-WILLIAM BATH. Linton, 29th July, 1861._' ANTED, at the Ascot Mill, a Stone dresser. James Fry. w WANTED, at the Ascot Mill, a Married Couple to cook for men. Apply to T. H. Widdecombe. WANTED a first class Cook. References required. Apply Times Dining Booms. TO HOTEL KEEPERS and Others. For Sale a very handsome circular counter, 27 feet in extent, with mahogany top. For price, &c;, apply at Lester's Hotel FOUND, in':Mair street, a dark grey. Mare, with hobbles on. The. owner can have the same by applying at the Royal Oak Hotel aud by paying expenses. REQUISITION TO E. H. LOCK, ESQ. SIB,-We, the undersigned, Electors oí the district of Grenville, being fully ] satisfied with the manner in which you have heretofore performed your Parliamentary .duties as our representative, which we take as a guarantee for the future, and believing that your views with regard to the chief po- litical topics of the day are in unison with [ those of the bulk of the electors of the dis- trict, respectfully request that you will allow yourself to be put in nomination as a candi- date for tile representation of the district of Grenville, and we pledge o a reel ves to use our best endeavors to secure your return: Wm. Bailey Bankin. G. J. Bussell, Clerk J.P.,M.R.C.S. Robt. M. Harvey GÏSelleci A. Field Alex. M'Donald Thos. H. Piggott Wm. H. Furness William Ovendon John Middleton Henry Turner Wm. Parson Thomas England James Welsh Joseph Wilson John Eason Robt. S. Wilson John Buchanan Thos. Hedrick Thos. W. Branmer George Robins Edward Jones Arthur Harris David Drynan Ab. Cameron John Bishop W. A. Moss John Bracher George Croll Hugh Gamble M'Crea William Barrett Thomas Ashburner Donald Cameron Wm. W. Collins W. Hocking George Young William Thorley Henry Bose John Price R. Pardey W. Walker J. Robottom Thos. Forshaw S. Goode Thos. Burgess Gilbert Fowler Robt. Jones D. Brayshay Donald Stewart W. Saunders Cuthbert Mason Michael Coleman Robert Thompson William Coulthard John H. Bradshaw E. H. Adams J. J. Gollar GENTLEMEN.- Encouraged by the many expressions of confidence which have been accorded to me after two years' parliamen- tary probation, and impelled also by a sense of duty at the present important juncture, I have the honor, in compliance with your several Requisitions, to announce myself a Candidate for the representation of Grenville in the ensuing Parliament. I purpose addressing the Electors in various parts of the district, when I shall be happy to explain my past Parliamentary career, and my views on the leading questions of the day. I am, Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, R. H. LOCK. To Thoa. Hopper, Esq., J.P., Jas. Aitken, Esq., and the 128 Electors who signed the Carngham requisition ; the Rev. G. J. Russell, Dr Rankin, J.P., and the other Electors who signed the Buninyong Requi- sition ; and to Messrs Roberts, M'Vitty, Perrott, and other Eleotore who signed the Italian Gully and Brown's requisition. ELECTION NOTICE. RIPON AND HAMPDEN. p Y VIRTUE of a WRIT under the seal 13 of the colony of Victoria, and signature of his Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, Knight Commander of the Most Honorable Order of the Bath, Captain General and Admiral of the same, dated the 15th day of July, and received by me this 24th day of July, I hereby give notice that T shall, on the 5th day or August, at noon, at Beaufort, in the said district, proceed to the election of one member to serve in the Legislative Assem- bly for the said district. In the event of the said election being contested, the poll will be taken on the 12th day of August, at Beaufort aforesaid, and also at Miners' Rest, Burrumbeet, Carngham, Streatham, Wycliffe, Skipton, Lismore, Darlington, Camperdown, Terang, and Mortlake, iu the said district. The polling will commence at nine o'clock a.m., aud close at four o'clock p.m. The writ is returnable on the 26th day of August next ensuing. Given under my hand at 1 arra this 24th day of July, 1861. JOHN LANG CURRIE, Returning Officer for the Electoral District of Ripon and Hampden. RIPON AND HAMPDEN ELEC TION 1\ fl R RONALD CAMPBELL will address iVJL the Electors at Swan's, Two Bridges Hotel, Burrumbeet, ; on Wednesday morning, 31st July, at ll o'clock, Andrew's, Golden Age Hotel, Beaufort, I Thursday evening, 1st August, at 7 o'clock, And at Paddeld's Hotel, Raglan, Thurs- day morning, 1st August, at ll o'clock. EIPOÎÎ AND HAMPDEN ELECTION. MK SERVICE will address the Electors as follows: i At Stuckey's White Horse Hotel, Wednesday, ! 31st inst., ll a m. At Stag Hotel, Lake Learmonth, Wednesday, 31 st iust., 4 p.m. At Weatherboard Hotel, Burrumbeet, Thurs- day, 1st August, ll a.m. At Burrumbeet Hotel, let August, 4 p.m. Dated 23rd July, 1861._^ RIPON AND HAMPDEN ELECTION. MR SERVICE will address the Electors as follows: At Golden Age Hotel, Fiery Creek, Friday, 2nd August, 7 p.m. At Dennis's Hotel, Saturday, 3rd August, 3 p.m. Western District Pastoral and Agricultural Society. ."g'HIS SOCIETY will hold its Anuual £ Exhibition of Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Agricultural produce, &c.;, at Skipton, on the 29th August next. For further partic- ulars see Ballarat Star of 29th July, or apply to THOMAS SHAW, junr., Hon. Sec. ELEPHANT BBICGE. BALLARAT HORTICULTÜBAL SO- CIETY.-The Annual General Meet- ing will be held in one of the Class Rooms of the Mechanics' Institute, on Monday i evening, the 5th August, at 8 p.m. Office beavers and committee of management for thc ensuing year are to be elected at this meeting. _JOHN LAKE, Secretary. NOTICE.-All parties interested in tho re-building of the CHARLIE NAPIER THEATRE, are particularly requested to attend a public meeting on Wednesday evening, 31st July, at the United States Hotel, at 8 o'clock. 4 P.S. -Important business will be brought before the meeting. NOTICE.-A Meeting of the Creditors of Messrs Farrant, Partridge & Co.» iron founders, Doveton street, will be held at my office on Thursday, 1st August, at ] twelve o'clock noon. The attendance of all creditors is requested. JOHN TUGWELL, Accountant. Commercial Chambers, 31st July, 186L THEATRE BOYAL. Sole Lessees. Messrs Symons, and Holt. Triumphant success of Sir William and Lady î)on. THIS EVENING, WEDNESDAY, The performances will commence with the second and third acts or GUY KAHHEEING. Dandie Dinmont.Sir William Don Julia Mannering..........Lady^Don To be followed by the laughable interlude of BOX ANS COX. Box.Sir William Dos To c mclude with the laughable farce of NA THE GOOD FOE NOTHING. Tom Dibbles.Sir William Don Nan.Lady Don Dress Circle, 5s; Side Boxes, 4s ; Stalls, 3s; Pit, 2s; Gallery, ls. Private Boxes £2 2*. No half-price to any part of the house. GREAT SUCCESS ! ! ! THE ANATOMICAL MUSEUM WILL BE OPEN AT THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE FOB ANOTHER WEEK, AT Million Prices-ls. LECTURES BY DR. DOYLE. On FRIDAY, the Museum will be opened for the LAST TIME from ll till 5, and from 7 till 10, to LADIES ONLY. TL BALLARAT WE'T ELECTION POLLING PLACES. BALLARAT PEOPEE.-Warden's Court Mining Board Boom North Star Hotel, Sol- diers' KÜI Wheat Sheaf Hotel, Swamp Black Bull Hotel, Ur- quhart street Little Bendigo Hotel, Little Bendigo. WESTEBN ROAD -Foley's Hotel, Miners' Rest. WINTEE'S CKEEK. - Dutch Harry Hotel, Sebastopol. SMYTHE'S CFEEK. - Court House, Smythes- dale. Polling will commence at 9 a.m., and will lose at 4 p.m. JAMES BAKER, Returning Officer. ïtAT.T.A» fcT "nre^T «f ini rnw BALLAS fe T WfiaT ELKO LION. MESSES GILLIES AND SMITH'S COMMITTEE meets «very evening at Bath's Hotel, at 7 o'clock. Gentlemen desirous of adding their names are requested to attend. By order of the committee. A. C. KERR, Chairman. BALL^AT_WËST~ËLËC^ÎÔHr" ESS RS GILLIES AND SMITH will JLTX address the electors cf the district at the places and times undermentioned, viz. ; At the Dutch Harry Hotel, Sebastopol, on Wednesday, 31st inst., at 12 o'clock noon. At Cawiey's Commercial Hotel, Smythes- dale, on Wednesday, 31st inst., at 7 o'clock p.m. At the Horse and Jockey Hotel, Skipton street, on Thursday, 1st August, at 4 o'clock afternoon. Ac Mechanics' Institute, Ballarat, on Thursday, let August, at 8 o'clock p.m. By order of the committee. A. C. KERR, Chairman. BALLARAT WEST ELECTION. ~ THE Supporters of Messrs GILLIES and SMITH are earnestly requested not to plump for either of those gentlemen, but to vote for both. By request of the committee. A. C. KERR, Chairman. BALLARAT WEST ELECTION. MR. JOHN PHILLIPS will address meetings of electors at the following places, as under: Soldiers' HUI, Tuesday, 30th, half-past 7 p m , at Star HoteL Wendouree, Wednesday, 31st, ll a.m., at Whea-sheaf Hotel. Smythesdale, Wednesday, 7 p.m., at Supreme Court Hotel. Sebastopol, Thursday, 12 o'clock, at Dutch Harry. Hustings, Sturt street, 5 o'clock p.m., Thursday. TO THE ELECTORS OF BALLARAT WEST. GENTLEMEN,-The following aie my views on the subjects most affecting the interests cf tbis colony, and which I shall be anxious to see realised. Most sincerely yours. JOHN PHILLIPS. Copious Water Supply for all purposes. Abolition of Gold Duty. Smaller Buns, at a rent. Small Farms, at a rent. Selection before Survey. Temporary Tax on Lands sold, but uncul- tivated. Lauds Easy of Acquisition. Trades Free. Revision of Tai iff in Fa vor of the Industrial Class. Payment of Members. t heap Probationary Mining Grants. Protected Application for Leases. No Coercion as to number of men em - ployed ; only ample working of Mines l e insisted on. Mining Boards less numerous, itinerant, and better paid. Inspection ; and School of Mines. Simple and General Laws, aud.no By-laws. Local Jurisdiction, Assessors, and Power of Appeal. No State Aid to Religion. General System of Secular Educition ; Schools being Open to Authorised Ministers of all sects. Ballarat, 29th July, 1861. BALLARAT EAST ELECTION. MR HUMFFRAY will address the Electors on Wednesday evening, seven o'clock, at Edwards' Mill, Bullarook. Thursday evening, at the Police Court, Ballarat East. A. F. ROWE, Hon. Sec. BÄLLIÄAT E&ST; ELECTION.' MR SEMPLE will address the Electors .... This .Evening iu Spargo's Halfway House Hotel, at eight o'clock, and on Thurs- day Evening, in the Association HalL Brown Hill. The chair will be taken at eight o'clock each evening. BALLARAT EAST ELECTION. AFCLL MEETING of MR. HUMFFRAVS Committee is hereby summoned to meet THIS EVENING (Wed- nesday,) the 31st July, at 8 o'clock, at the t North Grant Hotel, on important business, j A, F. ROWE, Hon. Sec. GRENVILLE ELECTION. MS. POPE Will Address thc Electors at SELLECK'S HOTEL, BU N IN Y ON G, ON FRIDAY EVENING, At Seven o'clock. 