BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. SYDNEY, 2nd September. The opening of the Victorian Parliament to morrow is looked forward to with much interest here. The Volunteer Review, on Saturday, was very largely attended. During the sham fight a boy was shot with a ramrod ; the lad, although much injured, is slowly recovering. SYDNEY, 3rd September. Parliament open to-day. Tho Council are pledged to pass the Land Bills, Upper House Bill, Chinese and Immigration Bill. The Breadalbane has arrived from Auckland with news to 24th. The natives continue very sullen, and say if Governor Grey does not offer better terms than Governor, Browne he may go oack to the Cape. Thompson lias but little in fluence with them, he would have visited the Go vernor, but they threatened to shoot him if he at tempted it. The young chiefs are anxious for war. The general opinion is, by those who know them,. that nctiling but a resort to arms will settle the question. The Legislative Council has come into collision with the Assembly by throwing out the Money Bills. The Ministry are going on with the estimates. John Foley, a nephew, it is be lieved, of Mr O’Shanassy, having a quarrel with his brother- in-law, Joseph M‘Gce, charged one another with forgery, and both are committed for trial. Bail allowed. No later news from the gold-fields. * SYDNEY, 4th September. The address in reply to the Governor’s speech was moved by Mr Sadler, seconded by Mr Alexander, and carried after a slight discussion. Although no formal amendment was moved, several members made violent speeches against the Government The Land Bills arc prepared and will be brought forward at once. Arrived.—Wave of Light, from London; Com petitor, from New York, 94 days out; City of Sydney, from Melbourne. ADELAIDE, 4th September. In the Assembly the Bill for the re-distribution, of the seats of members was read a second time. The question of the representation of minorities, was under discussion. Flour, £13 5s. Wheat, 5s Fatal Mining Accident. —On Monday, whilst tho men were at work at the shaft of the Sham rock and Thistle Company, at Jock’s Flat, near the new reservoir, the*beam to which the tackle rigged for drawing the pipes was attached, slipped for want of a lashing, and falling on end down the shaft, struck and stunned the man who was standing on the centering about nine feet below the stage and precipitated him into the water. After a time drags were procured, and the body was got up, but life had long been extinct. A magisterial inquiry was held by F, H. Pohlman, Kaq., J.P., and the fact recorded that the de ceased Canute Anderson, a native*of Denmark, came by his death from a blow on the head from a log of wood which fell on him whilst engaged in the shaft of his claim at Jock’s Flat, Beaufort. The deceased was a man in the prime of life, and well known on the gold fields as Danish “ Chips." —Ballaarat Star, 3rd September. Another F/ital Mining Accident, —A fatal accident occurred about half-past four o’clock yesterday (Monday) afternoon, at the Princess Mining Company’s works, behind the Victoria Hotel, on the Main road. It seems that at the time mentioned a man named Stephen Northey* was working in the far end of the drive, wheeling mullock in a bar row into a hollow left open lor its reception, when a portion of the drive caved in and threw him back on the wheelbarrow, his head coming underneath. The result was a dislocation of the neck, and instantaneous death. A number of men set to work to extricate him, and about six o’clock lie was got out quite dead. The body was much discolored. The deceased was a na-i tive of Cornwall, about 24 years of age, and un married, The corpse was removed to tho Vic toria Hotel,’ wherb or inquest will be held on it \ -V— j* ’4 :• I. '’If - '* .<-> ' '■ .1 ■ > < ,1 