MELBOURNE. Tuosdnr. 8 n.m. A i.i. E.-roi.nitii CnicxETEae.— Messrs, Spiers and Pond have arranged to send by next steamer one of their managers, tlr, W. Mallam, with a large cask credit on London, to arrange with the Rngland Eleven, and bring them out. Sir Henry Barkly, and other influential parlies haYe aceorded their patronage to litis arrangement, as a means of securing tho- end. In the Assembly the Chief Secretary announM&that; lie had received tlie Governor's assent to a dissolu tion. The Cabinet would onlyprooeed with meaaurea already in a stage of advancement. The dissolution would take place at an early day. Mr. Haines gave notice of motion that the new Parliament be called together at the earliest possible opportunity, and that the Gorernor be memorialised to this effect. A damaging debate to Ministers followed on Mr. Loder's resolutions for increased vote for immigra tion. The resolutions were withdrawn. In the Upper House, Mr. a'Beckett has resigned his position as the Government leader. Wednesday, 8 p.m. To- MohRoiv is proclaimed a public holiday in. place of the Queen's Birthday. A review Of volunteers of all aims will be held by the Governor and General Pratt 8t noon. In the Assembly, Mr. Haines has moved an address to his Excellency, praying for the earliest possible meeting of the new Assembly. He declared the de tennination of the Opposition not to pass the Appro priation Act without some distinct understanding on this head. Mr. O'Shanassy supported it in a power ful tprceli. The feeling of the House is very strong. Tlie Governor's conduct is attacked mercilessly in the Arpvs. The William Hill, from Newcastle, is reported aground at the Heads. Markets more active. Oats and maize firm at auction. Maize, Ss. to -'-e. :3d. ; oats, colonial, Is. 3d.; Danish and Russian, 4s. Thursday, 7 p.m. G f.nkhai. holiday. There was a grand muster of volunteers, 2000 strong. They were reviewed liy the Governor. The birthday levee was afterwards held. The Assembly, last night, carried the address to tlie Governor, calling for the earliest possible assemblage of the new House after the dissolution. 