Sales by Auction, THIS DAY. continuation of the Extensa of Sale of Retail Stock of Drapery, By Order or the Trustees. E A J Drapers, Milliners, Silk Mercers. To Country Storekeepers, Outfitters, Blopsollors, and Dealers To Buyers for New Zealand and the Neighbouring Colonies s Unreserved Sale of Fancy Drapery, Millinery. Silks, Ribbons, Underclothing, straw Hats, and Bonnets, Parasols, Hosiery, Haberdashery. PrintS, fairly Robes, Hats and Caps, Slops, &c.; s"ÏITAR and GOWAN have been instructed to f I SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 4 rthnfrBtrcot west, on Friday, September 20, cm. ta encing at eleven o'clock, A retail stock of drapery, in first rate order, Com prising Cloth and silk mantles, shawls, scarfs belts, handkerchief, challis, crossover winceys prints, French merinoes, moreenB, Calms, silks' coburgs, delaines, trimmings, fancy buttons fancy bonnet ribbons, sash ribbons, gardeners' fancy dresses, straw bonnets and hate, caps. feathers, Honors, parasols, parachutes, moreen shirts, crinolines, plain and check muslins leaves, parramattas, lace and bordered boot curtains, rough and dressed boards, Flannels Huckaback, white and coloured blankets, counterpanes, serges, wood and marblobaizes, draper tick, white drills, Joan and sixteen stays, check mohairs, velvets, baby linen, po firmer, Beans pomades, brown cotton half- hose, white cotton ROBe, brown cotton pants and shirts, lambswool hose, haberdashers, a large assortment ready, made clothing, shirts, mole and doe trousers late, sac coats, serge shirts, French felt hats shake cups, waterproof clothing, and a variety of other articles As there are a large number of lots, the sale will corn, France sharp eleven o'clock. The auctioneer calls the special attention or buyers from the country and others to this important un. served sale. Such an opportunity seldom occurs for taking; up slack. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Blankets. Blankets. Drills. Green Baize, and Flannels. To Warehousemen, Drapers, Outfitters. To Country Storekeepers, Dealers To Buyers for the New Zealand Gold Holds, and Others. WADE and GOWAN have been instructed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart. 50 Collins-street west, on Friday, September 20 at half-past twelve o'clock, ' 1 K in diamond, M, 1828-1 bale 72 0-41 blue grey blankets 2063- 1 do 00 10 4 L Butler do 20C4-ldo70 114 dodo 1907-8 do CO as read 8 4 to 12 4 do do SEC 1 do 00 0 4 and 12 4 do do 2072-1 do 60 9 4 and 10 4 scarlet do 2074-1 do 600 4 to 12 4 do do 2075-1 do 20 3 4 and 10 4 do do. 6 in triangle, 1 105 to 212-8 bales 72in heavy blue striped drills . 218 to 216-3 do super green bebe 218 to 219-4 do imitation Welsh flannels The above are well worth the attention of shippers to New Zealand. For positive unreserved sale. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. 7-" For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. ExNethorbj. WADE and GOWAN will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Collins-street west. on Friday, September 20, at two o'clock, M in diamond, ice 1411, 1418 Portion of two bales, 8in, grey domestics 1422 Do one do, SOn. Chadwick regatta. More or less damaged by sea-water. Terms Cash, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. 68 Packages of New Spring Goods. Ex Kent To Drapers, Country Storekeepers, Buyers for the Neighbouring Colonies, New Zealand, &c.; WADE and GOWAN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by ADC- 'S ION, at the mart, Collins-street, on Tuesday, Sept " -ember 24, at eleven o'clock, Without reserve, 68 cases of spring goods. Ex Kent. ZA in diamond. Sec. 107-1 case broche fancy stuff robes 168-1 do fancy mohairs 109-1 do fancy dress silk buttons 1902-3 CSBCB bonnet ornaments, ruche uJ glace 1247- 4 do fancy rich lute bonnet ribbons 178-9-2 do fancy barges 180-2-3 do plain and fancy mohairs 188-4-2 do worked cambric flouncings 184-6-2 do cambric collars 180-7-2 do muslin and cambric sleeves 188-180-3 do cambric scallops, laces, thread an 1 Saxony lace edgings 101-2-2 cases Indies' coloured cloth mantles IBS 6-4 do fashionable fancy mohair mantles, newest style of trimming 197-8-2 do children's and maids' mantles 1954 case flounced mohair dresses ' 200-8-4 cases jupo robes and dresses E04-6-3 do bordered long shawls ' 207-8-2 do French barege do 209-U-3 do richly embroidered robes 212-18-2 do crinoline skirts 214-1 case chairs plaids 216-1 do small pattern light-ground prints c 210-18-3 cases fashionable double skirt do 219-1 case gentlemen's boat comes 220-1 do feather, plumes, and rocettOB 221-6-C cases infants'', children's, and ladies' straw hats, fashionable shares, in mixed braids, improved straw, rice, and crinoline 227-8-2 do gentlemen's white longcloth shirts, W. and B 229-1 case do fancy regattas 230-1 do do Horrock's longcloth, A. The auctioneers with confidence invite the attendance of all buyers to this solo. All the goods have been selected expressly for this market, from the best houses in London and Paris. Terms Under £100, cash ; above that sum, approved acceptances at three months' WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26. ¡ , Important Unreserved Sale of 74 Packages Slops. , 3o Warehousemen, Shippers to New Zealand, Country Storekeepers, and Others. WADE and GOWAN will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Collins street west. 'on Wednesday, September 26, commencing at eleven o'clock, 74 packages slops. Particulars in future advertisements "~ THIS DAY. I To Municipalities, Contractors, and Others. 44 Iron Trays, constructed for dredging purposes. By Order of Her Majesty's Government. Lying on the banks of the Yarra, below the Falls. TXTILLÏAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) YT has received Instructions from Her Majesty's Government to SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, September 20, at twelve o'clock, 69 iron trays, constructed for dredging purposes, now no longer required. Terms at sale, The above are now lying on the south side of the 1 "yarra, below the Falls, where intending purchasers are requested to inspect them previously to the sale. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. " So Architects, Gentlemen Building, Contractors, Proprietors of Marble Works, and Others. For Positive and Unreserved Sale. Stock-in-Trade of Mr. J. D. Teague, comprising Marble and Slate Mantelpieces, Register Stoves, Papier Mache Hnriohments, &o.; "ITTIIiLIAM PERRY late Symons and Perry) jVy has received instructions from the proprietor, Mr. J. D. Teague, who is leaving for New Zealand, to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, 43 King street, on Monday, September 28, at twelve o'clock, Without the slightest reserve, The whole of his stock-in-trade comprising Dove, Bardiglio, Kilkenny, vein, and black marble mantelpieces Slack, Belgian, black and gold, and St. Ann'] . enamelled elated, in all about 80. Marble tiles Do slabs, suitable for counter top i Gi was tones, etc Register stoves Papier-mache enrichments Centre flowers, c A. ALSO, Machinery for sawing, rubbing, moulding, and polishing marble, Stock now on view .... , Catalogues are now ready, nr d can be obtained either at the rooms or the auctioneer, Collins street from the premises, 43 King- street. 1 Terms, Liberal, Declared at Sale. THIS DAY. Thoroughbred Stallion. ' Young Jersey. By Order H.M. Government. r,, Kirk's Horse Bazaar, "JAMES HENDERSON and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on Friday, September 20, at twelve I A and, the thoroughbred stallion Young Jersey. Bean in splendid condition, and is only sold on Scaroni of change of blood. SIM bT Auetson. ""? THISDAY, ,' - .. At Eleven o'clock. Clearing-out Sale or Sundries JOHN M'COMBE will SELL, in his teams on Friday, September 20, at eleven undocked ' Without any reserve. t 15 Arkins D.U. Cork butter 1 case I N.K. matches ~ - 6 boxes figs 2 sample casks currants 20 boxes raisins 16 casks soda, crystals, And various sample packages. All to be sold without reserve. Terms Cash. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. TO Cases Champion's Vinegar. TO Do Wotherspoon's James "JOHN M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION Jun Mr rooms, 81 Collins-street west, on Friday September 20, at eleven o'clock. by 10 cases Champion's vinegar 10 do Wotherspoon'sjams, repacked. Term Cash. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. For Account of Whom It May Concern 18 Bags Prime Scotch Oats. And 55 Bags Irish Do. JOHN M'COMBE will SELL, by AUCTION in his rooms, 81 Collins-street west, on Friday September 20, at eleven o'clock, study, 18 bags Coolah oats, sound 46 do Irish do all faults. No Reserve.. THIS DAY. " At Eleven o'clock. Positive Sale of SO Bags Rice Flour. JOHN M'COMBE will SELL, by AUCTION in his rooms, 81 Collins-street west, on FrhHoV i September 20, at eleven o'clock, H Jfnday, 80 bags rice Hour. Without any reserve. Torn»-Clash. THIS DAY. At Eleven O'Clock. Unreserved Sale of 46 Casks Bottled Stout. JOHN M'COMBE will SELL, in his rooms 83 Collins street west, on Friday, Septemberat eleven o'clock, r '"'ss 45 casks bottled stout. Without any reserve, Terms Cash. Also, HE. 10 cases London porter, each dozen. Terms Cash. THIS DAY; At Eleven o'clock. 50 Cases Prime Dunlop Cheese. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the importers to SELL, In his rooms, 81'Oolllns.stroot is Mt, on Friday, September 20, at eleven o'clock, 60 cases prime Dunlop cheese, guaranteed. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. 120 Cases Candles. 120 Boxes Do. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the im gi ported to SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms i I Collins street west, on Friday, September 20 at i eleven o'clock, ' E, In DUmond, 120 cases candles, each 50lb., in cartoons 120 boxes do, each 2016. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. 50 Boxes lib. Lobsters. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the importers to BELL, In his rooms, 81 Collins-street west, on Friday, September 20, at eleven o'clock, 60 boxes lib. lobsters, each 2 dozen. Terms Cash. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. To Grocers, Country Storekeepers, and Others. 8 Tons Brown Soap. 3 Do Canelos. Weight Guaranteed. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the main factored to SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms 14 Collins-street west, on Friday, September 20, at eleven o'clock, U, 180 boxes brown soap, each 1 cwt. U over e, 60 under, 102 boxes candles, each 50lb. The attention of the trade is specially directed to the quality of the candles and soap, samples of which may be seen in the rooms. For shipment to New Zealand those goods are peculiarly suitable ; the candles, not being prepared by steam, are warranted to keep ; while the soap, being genuine, will scarcely done anything in weight. Terms Cash. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. I Shippers to New Zealand, the Mauritius, Provision Merchants, and Others. 60 Barrels Californian Salmon. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the impor. tiE to SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, 81 Col Minister at west, on Friday, September 20, at eleven o'clock, Ex Sea Witch, 90 barrels Californian minion. Terms at f nie. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, " Brunswick-place, Immediately behind the Brunswick Hotel, Collingwood. 4 Houses and a Store, For Positive Sale. To Close Partnership Concern. To Industrious Tradesmen looking out for an Es monde Purchase, suited to their means, MR. STUBBS is favoured with instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the pro- mises, Collingwood, on tuesday, September 24, at twelve o'clock precisely, The above property. The four houses are brick-built, and have three rooms each, along a frontage to Brunswick-place of about 50 feet. The tomas are positive and prompt the proprietor I selling off to close the partnership. The store adjoining is 46ft deep by 24ft. wide. The whole aaithinnuidlato possession. Title guaranteed. Terms-25 per cent cash deposit, and the residue by the par chasers' bills at three and six months', bear it 10 per cent, per annum. Immediately opposite are Mr. Lambert's wholesale and retail grocery establishment and the Israelite Sanctuary FRIDAY!, SEPTEMBER 27. Household Furniture. Important Sale Of The Drawingroom, Diningroom, Bedroom, Nursery, Pantry, Kitchen, and other valuable Household Furniture and Effects, brilliant-toned Pianoforte by Holdernesse No 444 Oxford-street, London ; Guitar, Paintings (gems) by (first-rate matters, Plate, Glass, Carriage Horse, Buggy, Milch Cows, No. MR. STUBBS is favoured with instructions from G. L Taylor, Esq , Acting Manager Bank ria, previously to his departure for London, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, East St. Kilda, near the Balaclava Railway Station, and opposite to the residence of James WllberforcoStephnn, Jiq on Friday, September 27, at twelve o'clock pre- The whole of the nbovoavell-arrangcdvarlod units of drawingroom and other furniture, catalogue! of which will be prepared in a few days. Terms Cash. THE SANDRIDGE BATHS. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PRIVATE CONTRACT, or Public Auction, The above baths, so well known, situated to the left of the Hobson's Bay Railway Station, and just. past the Victoria Sugar-works. The buildings, de, comprise two weatherboard cottages, co for calimo it room, Pier running out 200ft. sia award, to the enclosed and ladies'' baths; th> enclosed bath has 20 boxes for bathers, ladders, &c.; The pier runs thence about 100ft. to the deep water baths, which contain 80 boxes There is a good diving board, and every convenience, and all in first-rate order ; two boats, with oars, pulleys, etc. For further particulars apply at His office, Queen street. AUCTION EERS' NOTICE. Parties Leaving for New Zealand. BEAUCHAMP and BYRNE'S AUCTION JJ ROOMS, 38 and 40 Collins-street east, offer the best opportunity to parties wishing to dispose of their FURNITURE and EFFECTS. N.B. Catalogue sale every Wednesday, commencing at twelve o'clock. Out-door Sales conducted with every care and atten- trousers ' PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Ex Agnes, from New York. 100 Cases American Chairs. BEAUCHAMP and BYRNE have received in- re structlons from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, as soon as landed, 400 cases of chairs. . A variety ordered expressly for this market. Full particulars in future advertisements. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 21. To Psperhangcrs, Builders, and Others. 0 500 Pieces Paperhangings. Sold on Account of Whom It May Concern. BEAUCHAMP and BYRNE will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins street east, on Saturday, September 21, at eleven 9.600 pieces paperhangings. csraprls'ng-Satin, still, nail, ins sago, bedroom, and parlour. Sold with all faults. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. , SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 21. To Newspaper Proprietors, Printers, and Others. The Plant, Type, Prosser, one, of the Emerald Hill an! Sandridge Post. » Together as 4th The Copyright of the Paper. . n s I BEAUCHAMP and BYRNE beg to announce that the above not having been disposed of in one lot, the whole will be removed to their room., SS and 40 Collins-street east, where it will be SOLD by PUBLIC AUCTION, in lots to suit purchasers, on itUldaj, S'PUP'"' 1 the.". n'5'°<*i Without Reserve. Sales by AnoUem." PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Balmoral Estate. 100 Acres Magnificent Soil. :-,-.-r-"i,.,To Capitalists and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- «-«¿l0n*Ä W- C" Yuille' I do BELL hTAUC. TION. at their rooms, 38 Colllns-street, if not previously disposed of by private contract, on an early day, due notice of which will be given, 100 acres of the finest soil in Victoria, known as the Balmoral Estate, immediately adjoining and overlooking the Melbourne Racecourse, with a, large frontage- to the Saltwater River, on which is erected the railway terminus to the Race. course, and altogether one of the most valuable properties that have been placed in the market lost some time. Title guaranteed. tÄPsÄae7t.'iPPly G- Amor' Esq" "solicitor' Terms Quarter cash; residue at three, five, and seven years, bearing 7 per cent. Interest. "~~~~ THIS DAY. ~~* cotton Boot and Shoe Trade of Melbourne, Geelong. Ballarat, Castlemaine, and the various up-country 437 Cases Boots and Shoes. Ex Kent. FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- A stone from the importers, Messrs Parbury, Lamb, and Co, to BELL, by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 ' Colin-street, on Friday, September 20, at eleven o'clock, , extent, I 487 cases superior summer boots and shoes, made. ' factored by James Davis and Sons, consisting chiefly Gentlemen's calf wellingtons worry Do do, branded Do stout do, pegged I Do do, branded Do calf Prince's boots, branded Do do, pegged Do kid boots, ES , calf goloshed, mock button Do farmer do, do, do, do Do do, do, do, braided Mon'skip army bluchers, pegged Do stout kip bluchers, do Do army bluchers, braided Do stout do, rough braided Do calf bluchers, do Youths' stout kip bluchers, do Do do, rough branded Women's calf lace boots, leather lined Do do, linen lined Ladies'' kid boots, E.S., military heels. smart fronts Do do, do, rivetted Do do, do, pumps Do bronze boots, fancy patent toes Do cashmere boots, E.S, military heels Do do, do. pumps Do English cashmere de, E.S., M H. Do do do, pumps Do do do, to lace Do best coloured cashmere de, E.S., MH, Do do do, pumps Girls' kid boots, pumps Do come balmoral do, T.P.H., rivetted Do cordovan do Do memel do, cordovan goloshed Do cordovan do, wells Childs'English cashmere boots, E.S" pumps Do kid do do . runs. Do do Balmoral do do cordovan Balmoral do Do memel do do Do do, rivetted Do coloured cashmere boots, E. S. pumps Do do, M. H. ' Do do, to button Do black cashmere, do Do coloured morocco, do Ladies'' cashmere shoes, elastic fronts Do velvet do, do Do do slippers Do fancy do Do French do Do Brighton do Do Margate do Men's Brighton do Do Margate do Terms Under £100, cash above that sum, a pri'Vcd acceptances at three months'. THIS DAY. " 70 Sides of Kip Leather, 100 Dozen Basils. 3 Bales Sole Leather. To Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GRABER and COHEN have received instruc JP tions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION at the supper rooms, 83 Colllns-street, on Friday September 20, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely. 70 Hides kip leather " 100 dozen balls 8 bales of sole leather. Terms at Sale. " MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. ~" To Ironmongers, Contractors, and Others. Scotch Galvanized Corrugated Iron. Johnson's Iron. Hamilton's Do. Boiler Plates. Angle and T Iron. Rainwater Goods Stock. FRASER Mid COHEN have received instructions from the Importers. Messrs. Flower McDonald, and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at their stores, William-street, on Monday, September 28, at eleven o'clock precisely, 60 tons Scotch galvanized corrugated Ironing,. 7ft, 8ft. and Oft, 2d gauge 10 do do, 6ft and 7ft., 24 gauge 40 do Johnson's iron, 24 and 26 gauges 10 do Hamilton's do, 21 gauge 1 ton do plain do, 20 gauge 20 tons boiler plates 10 do angle and T iron 20 do sashweights, 8lb. to 10lb. 60 barrow wheels, 10in. and 10in. 10 tons steel, octagon, square, and flat 6 do bolts nuts, and screwed ends Invoice of rainwater goods. Also, A small lot of damaged iron and dams god galvanized wire, Nos. 4 to 6. a Terms at Sale. """ TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. ~" At Nicholson's Bonded Store, Flinders-street. To Follow the Sale at Cole's Bond. The Damaged Portion of the Cargo of the Marion, from Colombo. To the Merchants and Traders Generally of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beach won the, tie. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at Nicholson. Bonded Store, to follow the sale at Cole's Bonded Store, the damaged portion of the cargo of the Marion from Colombo, W over 109, 9B-105-18 casks Ceylon native coffee 162-163-12 barrels do do 188-180-4 do finest plantation coffee 187-1 cask do do 208-1 barrel do do 287-1 do do do 817-819-8 casks do do. All faults. Account concerned. Terms Cash. ' TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER; At Cole's Bonded Store, Flinders-street. Damaged Portion of the Cargo of the Warren Goddard, from Colombo. To the Merchants and Traders Generally of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beechworth, &a.; FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the Importers, Messrs Dennistoun Crothers and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at Cole's Bond, on Tuesday, September 24, at eleven o'clock precisely, The damaged portion or the cargo of the Warren Goddard, from Colombo. Plantation coffee. All butts. W over 86, or VB, 66-1 cask. W over 60, H. 24-7-4 casks 81-2-2 do ! £6,61 barrell i £8-4-2 do. W over 07, Lanzalla, 49-61-8 cases I 62 1 cask . 74-82- 9 barrels. ? ' <? W over 67, Lanzalla, A, 83-1 barrel bag. W over 68, GA, Ouvah, St-a barrel. , W over 50, or M, ' 41-44-4 barrels ' 45-1 barrel. I W over 70, or B, 10-1 barrel. On account of whom it may concern, Terms- Cash TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8. To Speculators, Farmers, and Others. 2,206 Acres 1 Rood 16 Perches. I In the Parish of Bagshot. Nine Miles north-east of Sandhurst, Contiguous to the Line of Railway. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street, on Tuesday, October 8 at twelve o'clock. The n whole of the Bagshot Mining Company's land, situate in the parish of Bagshot, comprising 2206 acres 1 rood 10 perches. Title indisputable. The block of land is well grassed and watered, lightly timbered, and entirely fenced in with a very substantial four-rail fence, is undoubtedly auriferous, and many parts suitable for ngjioulmral purposes. Allotment 4, Section 6, consisting of 100 acres, is announced by a three-rail fence, has thereon a large dam full of water, comfortable dwelling-house, and buildings suitable for corn mills, large barns, and farm OffCBB. Allotment 3, Section 6, has 22 acres fenced off, and lately under cultivation with a prolific hay crop. Allotments 17 and 18, Section 6, consisting of 80 acres, are surrounded with the four-rail fence, is excellent agricultural land, and watered by the line of TOie' above property is situate nine miles! north-east of rJandhunt, is contiguous to the line of railway, suitable as a depot for stock, and contains some valuable agricultural land, the whole securely fenced. Plans of the property may be seen on application to Mr William Cook, secretary, at the company's office, 9 Elizabeth-street south, Melbourne ; or at the rooms of the auctioneers. ... .,".,.._ Terms 25 per cent.; balance by bills at three six, and nine months, bearing bank interest. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 21. PctliF, Stationery, Fancy Goods, c., at 61 Queen street. EA. KENNEY will SELL by AUCTION, at fil Queen-street, on Saturday, September 21, at 0A°v°I°||_b^ collection of books, including many of the first authors, stationery, fancy goods, tor- nose, and a quantity of miscellaneous articles. Terms Cash. P. A, Kennedy-, auctioneer, 86 Bridge-rd, Rija said. \- ", ? ' ful- bT Amotton. "_ TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. " Important to the General Wholesale- and Retail Trade of Melbourne, Geelong, Shippers to New Zealand. and the Various Gold-fields. 2 195 Trunks Superior First-class Boots and Shoes, J Just Landed. . . Ex Kent, from London. J LYONS and Co. are favoured with instruct a tions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION at their mart, Bourke-street, on Tuesday, September Sa, at eleven o'clock, IDS trunks first-class seasonable boots and chest just landed, ex Kent, from London, and consisting of, viz . Gentlemen's best black man Albert slippers So morocco, Grecian. and Sebastopol do Domemel Albert calf good hold boots, E. Bj. Do do patent hide do Do sup, calf bluchers, high backs Do do, evil squares Men's strong call bluchers, tacked and voted hoots Do sup. do wellingtons, double coppered sprigged Dosnp.sbortweulDgtons,do v fell Do do calf B. side boots, double stitched Youths' and boys" assorted bluchers, 10 to 13 and side. After which, A splendid selection of new goods, from one of the first London houses, consisting of Ladies' cloth cordovan goloshed welts, T, P H, 8 to 7 Malds'ido do, 6 to 6 and 10 to 18 Gilla' do do, 6 to 16 Ladies'' cloth boots, patent goloshed wells, E. S. Women's leather lace boots, welts, T. P. H. Do cloth boots, patent avails, 8 to 7, to. Ladies' cashmore side lace boots, 8 to 8 Do cashmere do, 3 to 7 DO do Jenny Lind's, M. H, 8 to 8 Do sup. best silk prunella S. S. boots. M, B., p P.S., 8 to 7 Do do French goloshed do, do Do do coloured cashmere do, elastic chain Do do morocco slippers Do do could do Do do kid side lace boots, M. H, 8 to 8 Do do cloth balmorals do, 5 to 7 Women's patent slippers, trimmed Do do Spanish do Do black cashmere shoes Children's patent calf shoes, 3 to 5, 6 to 6 and 10 to 18 Do black cashmere boots, 3 to 6 and 6 to 0 Girls' black do do, 3 to 5 and 6 to 18 Do coloured do do. do Do best coloured French do do, do Youths' best bluchers, 1 to 4 Boys' do do, 10 to 13 Children's boots, S. sides, so. Terms Under £100, cash; above that sum, an approved bill at three months'; or 2 per cent. will be allowed for cash above £100. THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock. Bereitster House, Alma-street, St. Kilda, Opposite the Rev. Mr. Fletcher's Church. Household Furniture. T Parties Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and Others. Col GEMMELL, McCAUL, and Co. have received "? instructions from John Young, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at his residence, KercbeBter Home, Alma street west, St. Kilda, on Friday, September 20, at twelve o'clock, The whole of his valuable household furniture, consisting of Diningroom furniture, comprising Mahogany dining-table, do Hair-seated chairs, do morocco covered,oasy-chalr,halr- scntcdcouch; handsome mahogany bookcase, do chiffonniere, occasional table, alabaster and other ornaments, en- gravings, damask curtains, velvet pile carpet, massive cut crystal, including decanters, wine, champagne, liquour, jelly, custard glasses, a:.; china tea and coffee service, painted dessert do, plate and plated ware, ice. I rowingroom-Walnut chairs, rosewood piano forte, trapeze, walnut whatnots, inlaid cabinet, do work-table, magnificent marble and alabaster vases, ornaments In very great variety, beau fully carved ivory chessmen and table, choice engravings, gasalier, damask curtains, velvet pile carpet, &c.; Fcdrooms-Enamelled and other iron bedsteads, washstands and ware. chests of drawers, mirrors, carpets, engravings, etc. Kitchen Cooking Stoves and utensils, nearly new, dinner services, and all the usual culinary requisites, &c.; Catalogues may be had at the rooms of the auctioneers, Terms-Cash. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. At Half-past Eleven o'clock. At the Stores of Messrs. Dalgety and Co. Hxtcnslvo Clean r g Sale of Oilmen's S Stores, Provisions, Wines, Spirits, Bulk and Bottled Ale, Spices, Ac To Grocers, Wine and Spirit Merchants, Country Euj ora, and Others. fell GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received V instructions from Messrs. Dalgety and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their stores, Little Collins and Bourke streets, on Monday, September 28, at half- past eleven o'clock, Marzetti's nine and porter, pints and quarts Younger's India pale and sparkling ale, in quarts Bj ass's India pain ale, in quarts Bass's No 3 ale, in quarts Dawson's No. S India pale ale, In hilda. Younger's do do, do Watirmati'a do do, do Sherry. In hhds and quarter-casks Fort, do do Claret and sherry, in bottle Cloczeau's NJ, 6 cases brandy Hennessy's brar day, in case. Also, Bottled fruits, jams, spices, mustard, Sloelo'j simp, Mioinca, salmon, fresh herrings, pickles salad oil, gelatine, isinglass, candied pool, in monds, curry powder, canary seed, vinegar, tapioca, sago, capers, ginger, currants, Day and Martin's blacking, split peas, Elomo fies, li drums and boxes, 36 Catalogues, In course of preparation, may be had of the auctioneers. Terms at Sale. _ PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. MESSRS. ROW, KIRK, and Co. are in structed by the mortgagees to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION (without reserve), on Wednesday St plumber 25, The whole of the property of the above company, can rising the freehold land on which the machinery B erected, and which is highly auriferous Abc, The 80 horse power condensing engine, and bit. tery of 24 revolving stampers, all To efficient working order. Further particulars in future advertisements. Row, Kirk, and Co , Pall Mall. THIS DAY. Uo PrivAte Families, Farmers-, Dairymen, and Others 12 Milch Cows, 6 Heifers, and 0 Steers. BOW, KIRK, and Co, have received arsenic i tions from Mr. H. Morris to SELL by AUCTION <, at their yards, Bourke- street, on Friday, Soptomb;' SO, 12 first-class milch cows, some with calves at an 0 heifers and 0 steers. THIS DAY. GLENHOPE STATION. GOLDSBROUGH and Co. have given in the Btruotlino to their auctioneers, Messrs Kot dark, and Co., to OFFER for SALE by AUCTION, a Morton's Hotel!, Bourke- street, on Friday, September 30, at two o'clock, The GLENHOPE STATION, Near Heathcote, now in the occupation of Messrs. E. O. and I Bryant. Together with 1166 ewes, eight-tooth 012 do, six-tooth 93 do, four-tooth 82 do, two tooth. 26 do, old 2,230 ewes, 116 wethers, eight-tooth 105 do, SIX tooth 81 do, four-tooth 88 do, two-tooth 384 wethers. 1800 lambs 82 rams from Aitken's flock. total, 4.452 sheep. 20 Durham cows, broken In to milk 14 young at ck from above 10 worhliig- biillocks 1 Hereford bull 14 head on run. Total, 60 head cattle. 4 mares 5 horses And 7 colts and fillies. Wool-press, hurdles, dray, tackling, two In boilers, two iron ploughs, barrows, roller, and sundries given In. The breed of the shop is well known as among. the best in the colony, being principally bred fT >, rams selected from the flocks of the late John Aitken Esq. and the wool, which has been sold at our stn-, for several years past, has always commanded the highest market price, and on one occasion realise I 16d. per pound in the grease. A plan of the run, and every necessary informa'.! 11 may be had on application at our offices, where. »Iicaeamploof the wool may be seen. Terms-Cash. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. To Carriers, Cob-Proprletore. and Others Weatherboard Cottage, and Stabling for Ten Horses George street. BELLIN has received positive instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on Monday, September 23, at one o'clock, A four-room weatherboard cottage and land, with Stabling for ten horses, erected on land having 72 feet frontage to George street, Collingwood, by depth of 90 feet. This property is now let for 18s. per week, and is well adapted for a carrier or cab-proprietor. It is between Gore and George streets Title good, Terms easy. J. Bellin, auctioneer and money-broker, Fitzroy Auction Mart, 60 Gertrude- street. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 21. St. Kilda. At Eleven o'clock. At eleven v usually. Handsome Household Furniture, Rosewood Cottage Piano, Plate, Books, c T H. NELSON is instructed to SELL by AUG II. TION, without reserve, on the premises, No 11 ftrfc-ternoco, St Kilda, on Saturday, September 21, commencing at eleven o'clock sharp, The whole of the household furniture and effects . comprising elegant drawing and dining room furniture, a quantity of beautiful ornaments, handsome bedroom furniture, a valuable ron wood cottage piano and steal, a lot of jewellery and plate, deceasced bookcase and books, As Catalogues can be had at the auctioneer's rooms. 2 -oz 5 .' his.? St Anton, rï" T 4, ev, -V, THIS DAY. 1 ' Cotham-road, Kew. I Sale of Land and Brick Villa Residence, ! Known as" a Fernside House. I For Positive and Unreserved Sale. By Order of the Mortgagees. ALFRED BLISS has been favoured with instructions from the mortgagees to SELL by i PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, Cotham-road, 1 show, on Friday, September 20, at one o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, being part of Portion No, £0, parish of Boroondara, having a frontage of 1 chain 74 Ilota to Cotham-road, by a depth of 6 chains 76 links, on which is erected that brick villa residence known as Fernside House, and garden land, lately in the occupation of Frederic Brumo, Esq., situate in Cotham road, close to the Kew Hotel. This is without doubt one of the most perfect subur 1 an residences near the city, The garden is tastes Ally sold out with fruit-trees, &c.; I Title perfect. Terms-One-third cash ; balance by bills at three and the months', boating 10 per cent, per annum li- forest. I Immediate possession on approval of title. II Estate will take place on the ground, Cotham road, Kew, on Friday, September 20, at one o'clock. ""On MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 28. " I Nor the late. Sale of Furniture, Fittings, Effects, and Stook-in ) Trade, now in and upon the Shannon Hotel, Plenty road. In the Insolvent Estate of Henry Abraham Drowley. [ by Order of Alexander Laing, Esq., Official Assignee. I ALFRED BLISS has received instructions to J\ SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the pre Uses known as the Shannon Hotel, Plenty- road, on ! Monday, September 23, at twelve o'clock, The furniture, fittings, stock-in-trade, and effects now in and upon the above-named promises. No reserve. I _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY At Twelve o'clock. Sale of a Full of Superior Drawingroom Furniture J. Hore or Less Damaged. I On Account of the Underwriters. T ROSENBERG has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the City Mart, ii I ( Burns-street east, on Friday, September 20, at twelve o'clock, On account of the underwriters, 1 drawingroom suite. In walnut, covered in B tri noil tabou rot, consisting of couch, two easy chain, six chairs More or loss damaged by screw water. No reserve. Terms Cash. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. At Twelve o'clock ? Sale of Superior Household Furniture | Plant of a First class Div cleg Establishment, , Splendid Phaeton, for one or two horses. *. Albury, Ladies' and Gentlemen's Saddles, Harness. &c.; Quantity of Building Materials. HE ROSENBERG (of Rosenberg and Moeller) i X . h" been 'favoured with instructions by Mr i". 1 1 cannie, y he is retiring from business, to SELL by 1 PUBLIC AUCTION, on the promises, 07 Lonsdale 1 i is not east, on Monday, September 28, at twelve o'clock, All the above-named gentleman's superior house hold furniture, cor Listing of sore, couch and armchairs in haircloth, loo and square tables, our pets and rugs, bedsteads and bedding, Splendid mahogany chests of drawois.wsrdrobo, bookcase, washstands. dressing tables, toilet glasses, dinner and breakfast service, toilet sets, superior engravings books, fenders and irons, superior kitchen range, folding and othercanochnira, cut boards, largo slipper bath, so Ino complete plant of Mr. Leinme'a noted dealing CBtabllthmont, consisting of 8 copper boiler iron boilers, silk frame, Silk rollers, large paper press, vats, tubs, casks, large Jars?, 2 casks soda, caustic soda, nitric acid, cutbear, logwood. MC, An excellent phaeton, for one or two horses : cost £180 ' A tilbury, nearly new. 2 ladies' saddles, 1 gentleman's do, set of gig harness, collars, bridles, etc. All the fittings of the shop, consisting of counters, large and small glass cated, shelves, gas-fittings shop chain, oil cloth, folding doors, doBks, ladders, fire A large quantity of galvanized Iron and zinc. The whole will be sold without thcillghtcst reserve * lit attention of intending; purchasers is therefore j ticularly requested to this rare opportunity. Terms- Cash, THIS DAY. Twelve o'clock Sharp. Prior to Sale of Ironmongery, Se. 2,000 Bushels Oats (Danish), a Splendid Sample, To Corn Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others. r S GREIG and MURRAY have received instruc- "V tions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, September 20, at twelve o'clock sharp, the first lot to be offered, 600 bags Danish oats, about 2,000 bushels. The above are a splendid parcel. TermHatealo. Note. Twelve o'clock sharp THIS DAY. On Account of Whom it May Concern. 184 Shoots Best Crown Staffordshire Plato-Iron To Ironmongers, Boilermaker;, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, September 20, at twelve o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, 26 best CO crown plate ,6xî, 8 16in. 24 do do, lin. 21 do do, 6 lOin. 22 do do flin. 21 do do, 7 10in. 21 do do, jun, Total, 134. More or less damaged. Also, A quantity of hoop-iron, various sizes. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. ~~~ 10 Self-producing Sodawater and Lemonade Machines. To Sodawater and Lemonade Manufacturers, Publicans, and Shippers to New Zealand, and Others. ON GREIG and MURRAY have received instruc- jT tions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, September 20, at twelve o'clock, 10 self-producing sodawater and lemonade machines, with marble o pillar fountain, on marble slab 2ft. square, with two massive electro-plated cocks, pipes, &c.; Also, Very strong copper ey window, holding 12 gallons, mounted iron frame, with gun metal cocks and safety valve, cylinder proved to 2602. to square inch, with piping and glass. The attention of the trade, publicans, shippers to New Zealand, and others is requested to this sale of machines for the easy and ready manufacture of soda, water and lemonade. One now on view at the rooms. Particulars for charging will be given with each machine. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. 80 Kegs Ewbank's Patent Nails, Assorted. To Ironmongers, Builders, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, Jap timber 20, at twelve o'clock, 10 kegs Ewbank's patent nails, kiln,, 8lb 10 do do, 1 jan, 4 6 do do, lain, S S do do, lila,, 6 6 do do, him., 7 10s do do, Djin,, 8 10dodo,2in" 10 6 do do, 2lb., 17 C do do, single 6 do do, lin., 21 C do do, 44. C do do, 6in. Total, 80 kegs. Terms at Sale. _ THIS DAY] At the Stores of Mr. J. Doulton, Flinders-lane. Invoice of Gothic Windows. Travelling Derrick. To Builders, Contractors, and Others. WP" GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by Mr. VTf J. Doulton to SELL by AUCTION, at his stores, Flinders-lane west (near Messrs. Miles and Co. 's), on Friday, September 20, at eleven o'clock, on In voice of Gothic windows. Also, Travelling derrick. Terms at Sale, Observe Eleven o'clock, at Mr. Doulton's stores, Flinders-lane west THIS DAY. """ 168 Bundles Sheet Iron, 8 to 16 gauge. Ex Lightning. To Ironmongers and Others. GREIG and MURRAY havorooeived instructions from Me sus Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, September 20, at twelve o'clock, Ex Lightning, 20 bundles sheet iron, 72 x 24,8 gauge 34 do do, 16 do 39 do do, 12 do 58 do do, I do 37 do do, 16 do. To be sold without reserve Terms at Sale. *~ THIS DAY. r" 80 Kegs Ewbank's Nails. £0 OOIIB KO. 3 Black Wire, slightly damaged. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Others. afN GREIG and MURRAY are instructed to SEED %¿K by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, Sop timber 20, s 11s elven o'clock, 80 kegs Ewbank's nails, IJIu , 8lb and ORb. 80 coils No. 3 black wire, slightly damaged. Terms Cash . _ THIS DAY. "7 At Twelve o'clock sharp. Ex Deutschland, On Account of Whom it May Concern. 80 Casks Soda Crystals. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, BeutenW 20, at twelve o'clock sharp. Ex Deutschland, On account of whom it may concern, 80 OMkB code of yatala. All faults. Rams Cash on the fall of Ox summer and to be true this afternoon. ifttlM by Auction.' THIS DAY. . Wilkinson's Beat Blister Steel, Aucrtol And \- - Best Shear Steel. Seated. - - To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRA Y are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, Sep-. ember 20. at twelve o'clock, I ton Wilkinson's L in circle assorted best blister steel screw. boat shear steel, sorted. . Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. On the Premises of Mr J. Doulton, Flinders-lane. Invoice of Enamelled Mantelpieces, So Builders, Contractors, Furnishing Ironmongers. Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from Mr. J. Doulton, 01 Flinders-lane west, 1 between William and King streets, to SELL by AUCTION, on Friday, September 20, at eleven o'clock, An invoice of enamelled slate mantelpieces. To close accounts for the mall. No reserve. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. 109 Quarter Barrels Curtis and Harvey's Blasting Powder, Damaged. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. H GREIG and MURRAY have received notice T teams from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, September 20, at twelve o'clock, Ex Alice Vennard, 72 quarter-barrels Curtis and Harvey's large grained glazed blasting powder, kegs slightly stained by sea-water II quarter-barrels, damaged by sea-water. ex Genii, 18 quarter-barrels, Legs slightly stained by sea water 18 quarter-barrels, damaged by sea-water. Sold on account of whom it may concern. No reserve _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. "at Two Cases Dofrles'Patont Dry Gas Meters. To Gas Companies, Ironmongers, and Others. G GREIG and MURRAY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, September 20, at twelve o'clock sharp, 2 cases Dsfrlos' patent dry gas motors, containing 12 slights K 12 6 do 12.10 do. Total. 80. Without Reserve. THIS DAY. ~" On Account of and Risk of the Former Purchaser. 16 kegs Ewbank's Nails, IJln 8lb. To Ironmongers, Builders, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, September 20, at twelve o'clock, On account of and risk of the former purchaser, 16 kegs Ewbank's nails. Hin. 8lb. 2 Terms Cash. ~~~ THIS DAY- ~ 80 Di urns Linseed Oil. The. Oil Merchants, Ironmongers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, 1 September 20, at twelve o'clock, 80 drums linseed oil. Terms Cash. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. ~ Preliminary Notice Oilmen's Stores, Groceries, Provisions, etc. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. G KEIG and MURRAY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September 24, at twelve o'clock, Candles, full and light weights Oilmen's stores Groceries Provisions Wines and spirits, etc. Full particulars in future advertisement. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. JOHN PHILP has received instructions from the mortgagee to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, 83 Little Collins- street east, on Tuesday, September 24, at twelve o'olock, The following valuable Allotments, the property of Mr. Patrick Connor, situate in the colony of Victoria, county of Talbot, parish of Chewton, viz,: Firstly, Allotment 10 of Section B, containing 2 acres 18 perches Secondly, Allotment 9 of Section B, containing 2 acres 16 perches Thirdly, Allotment 8 of Section B, containing 2 acres 18 perches Fourthly, Allotment 7 of Section B, containing 2 acres 16 perches Fifthly, Allotment 6 of Section B, containing 1 acre Sixthly, Allotment 5 of Section B, containing 1 acre Seventhly, Allotment I of Section B, containing 1 acre Eighthly, Allotment 2 of Section B, containing nero Ninthly, Allotment 8 of Section B, containing 1 nero Tcntbly, Allotment 12 of section B, containing 2 acres 16 perches Elovonthly. Allotment 11 of Section B, containing 2 acres 16 perches Twolfthly, Allotment 1 of Section B, containing 1 acre. For full particulars apply to the auctioneer, 88 Little rnlltLS-stroeteast. _ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4. 5 Gloucester-terrace, Fitzroy-street St. Kilda, Absolute Sale of First-class Furniture, Co. The Property of J. G. Taylor, Esq. #"1 WALSTAB has been favoured with instruc \"Tf» tons from J. G Taylor, Esq., to SELL at AUCTION (In consequence of the departure of that gentleman's family for Europe), at his residence, Not Gloucester-terrace, on Friday, October 4, commenced g at twelve o'clock precisely, The whole of his very superior furniture, amongst as which will be found Handsome suite of drawing and during room furniture Velvet pile carpet, pier-glasses, sideboard, china and glass Valuable ornaments, brass and iron bedsteads, double winged wardrobe, superior washstands, all of the best description. Also, A splendid grand square piano, by Collard and Collard (guaranteed.) N.B. This instrument is in first-rate order, and as to strongly recommended. Catalogues are in course of preparation, and will be ready for distribution at the auctioneer's offices, 85 Collins-street west, on and after the 24th Inst. The furniture will be on view in the day previous to the sale. THIS DAY. Ex Black Swan. To Contractors, Bakers, Dealers, and Exporters to New Zealand. Flour. Without Reserve. BURGE and Co. will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the old rooms, on Friday next, Soptcm Itr 22, re eleven o'clock precisely, in order to suit the trade and purchasers generally, let 1-1 ton fine flour 2 do do 3-1 dodo 4-2 tons do C-2 do do 0-2 do do 7-2 dodo H-3 do do 0-3 do do 10-4 do do. Terms cash. To Close Accounts ' TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. Geelong. In the Rooms, at Twelve o'clock. To Steamship Companies, Shipowners, Merchants, an I OthersIntfrestod in the Intercolonial Trade. . Positive and Unreserved Sale of the well-known Paddle Steamer CITIZEN. OGILVIE and ROBINSON have been fa soured with Instructions from James Cowl-, ktq to SELL by PUBLIOAUOIION, In their rooms, on Tuesday, September 24, at twelve o'clock pm cUcly, The well-known steamer CITIZEN, 172 tons register, with carrying capacity of about 85 tons, engine of 16-horse power, well found, and in good working order; steams fun-, has splendid accommodation for the conveyance of passengers in the Intercolonial trade, and would form an excellent investment for the trade between the ports in New Zealand. Further particulars may be obtained on application at the office of the auctioneers. Terms Half-cash on the roll of the hammer; the, balance on completion of the transfer AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. To Persons Leaving for the New Zealand ice-fields THE undersigned OFFER their SERVICES for the DISPOSAL OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, Mocks in-Trade, Freehold Properties, c., by Auction or otherwise. All sales entrusted to the r tree will be conducted with care and despatch, and the best possible prices obtained. Cash advances made, if required, SB usual. AccouLWalos rendered Immediately after sale If o quired. LONG and YEATMAN, auctioneers and general of case, No. 68 Collins-street west, and 20 Gertrude street. Collingwood e Estate. AUSTRALASIAN HOTEL, Queenscliff. - Walter Adamson begs to quoins visitants to Queens cliff that PRIVATE APARTMENTS, or suites of apartments. may bosccuiedon receiving timely notice a hero is a bathing-house connected with the establish a ent. Conchie Iron Geelong daily, and a steamer from Melbourne three n work. A car waits at the jetty to convey passengers and luggage from the steamer to the Australasian ADAM and EVE HOTEL, Little Collins-street CHARLES LISTER, formerly of the New u market Hotel, begs to inform his friends and the i 1 public generally that he has taken the above hotel, i rd hopes with civility and attention, to meet; a share of their support. I'? ARIBALDI ABLE norSL.oatitlh'irEloi-lvetli beat FREE counter DUNOLLY Milbo nue. I - Little Colilns-atwot._ wUKPni- RLS'AUMS, Smith-street, Collingwood - 6 JOSEPH CROFT begs to inform his friends and the public he has taken the horse, and Isnowd Icitxiced to get the best bran's this colony can j reduce. A trial v, ill give satisfaction Tenders. PUTYot MELBOURNE-Notice In T"-,.-' \y that TEITOERSwiU be received grey Ifa, 1.11 tUl 11 o'clock on Wednesday, 26th we S firm persons willing to CONTRACT to September > .ntlonedOITY WORKS in accordance with and specifications, to be Boon on RISLEY it is cool the City Surveyor:- »PP'wIontti,, Supplying metal on the streets of the clay i". , quantities as may from time to time. by to "5 during the ensuing; in months K! W exceeding in cost £2,600. ' an "hotel full Information and particulars as to be" of tendering, and as to the terms and"Äff*"1* direct, can be obtained on arow.i""*11»''I of the City Surveyor, Town-hall P D U who was Town Clerk, __,£ Äa?.?fefeS« on September 19.1861 *""O0T>». 15 AT COLLINGWOOD MUNIOlPiTTKr TENDERS will be received until Tessa Ella inst., for the following WORKS .-.U'SÜV'tt» 1\. Rilajlng crossings In Hoddliatroitnt li.. ¡ personation with Gipps-street. """"'Min. 2 Relaying crossing in Wellington-street 1 u intersection with Gipps-street, " ". 8\. Forming and gravelling the footpaths of r,,. bridge and Oxford streets. ""'IT'S a' Cap, (t FPtCcillcations at the Municipal Chambers, Metal 2J HENRY N, BOOTH, Town Clerk GEELONG HUNT CLUB OUP-TEÜñíñS-~ t panied by design for a CUPfortwi"?'0, ? rd Western Hunt Club, to cost £00 ran,- off to be sent to the Secretary, BrlUablHoul estate, or before Monday next, the 23rd Amber? "O'M as, WM. FRASER. Chairman was HAWTHORN MUNIOlPALITY^rÊNDEBsS; Xi bo race held at the Council Chamber until vZ < i at. the 23rd inst., at 4 o'clock Zell'' Irg WORKS on Main road :- P ' T fl>lllw' Filling in approach to reserve I S??,'"*12 chains" footpath, and ] Pitching water channel ' and r*'"«""1»T a Council Chamber, Hawthorn All tenders to be on printed forms. and addS the Chairman of the Public Works Committee The Council do not bind thomsolveïto"¿1 at. lowest or any of under. pt 3s fennell Chamber, SepgrTlRO,*0*'' "as a IMMIGRANTS' AID 8O0IEIY.lT¥ÑDK5¥a7Tr 1 voted for the SUPPLY of (the following RT I if consumption in the Immigrants' Home plate Ab^vi^-TT C.t mo»">»Ätae^ Best wheaten bread, at per loaf of 2lb. or 4lb Do. do. Hour, at per cwt 2 EmUunUon?fatbper lbs of bond' as " < Soda, washing, do, 1 Rico, Paton, do. | Soap, colonial, do. i Spgo, at per lb. Pearl barley, do. Oiitruea), do. Split peas, at per cwt. stables at perth, ! Currants, do. I Salt, at per cwt. All to be of the best quality, and delivered at sale times, and in such quantities, as may be required W lliof-iiperiniondant ' When practicable, it is desirable that sampIcjsliMll accompany the tender Tenders to be del world at the home sites 18 o'clock on Saturday morning, September 21, J. T. HARCOURT Tt/t B THOMAS WATTS, architect, will receive Al TENDERS until Monday, the 23rd ins! for the ERECTION of two HOUSES in Powlettitioet, Inst Melbourne. The plans an J specification can t am at harrier, Hall of Commerce. "l MPS. TENDERS WANTED, for the SUPPLY i and DELIVERY of a LIFT of PUMPS, 2001, aiithl21n workings, with or without bob mountings for the Try Again Company, Springdallah. Women, at its specifications, addressed to Post Office, Smythe 11 15, on or before Saturday, the 21s tail THE Committee of Management of the Molbwaa J. Hospital will receive TENDERS, accompanied v iib samples, until 11 o'clock on Friday, thread in it, for the SUPPLY of the undermentioned ARTICLES: Port Wine sherry wine Groceries and oilmen's stores. The duration of the contract, whether for three or six, months, to be at the option of the Committee of llinsgcmcnt. Estimates of quantities (more or less) and forms of tender may be obtained on application at the Iles ] into, between the hours of 10 and i o'clock. The successful tenderers will be required to play the conditions of contract. The Committee will not necessarily accept the lowest or any tender. NT TENDERS will be received at noon on Friday, the J. 20th instant, for the CONSTRUCTION of I DEAS AN TREES In the Royal Park, for the Attire,. station Society. Purchas and Swyer, architects, TENDERS REQUIRED, for 60 LEATHER HEU METS, brass-bound, for the Ballarat Fire Bridge]). I ample and tenders to be rent not later than the Kti line., to Charles Dyte, hon. secretary, Main-road, Ballarat. TENDERS WANTED, for ADDITIONS, Altera- tions, Painting, and Papering, to a home at Essendon. Apply at Mr. Wharton's offers, until the 14th inst. TENDERS WANTED, for about 40 squares' of JL SLATING. Apply now Military Barracks. at ENDs S are invited for the OOÑilTlÜOTÍOÑ'of J a LI FF-BOAT for the screw Steamer William Hit in Spec flotation and further particulars at Mr i it is, U Market street. Thos. J. Parker, agent. TENDERS will be received by tIiö~undorsltrel until the 21st inst., for PAINTER'S' WORK, to be done at Flemington. Chas. Webb, architect, 102 Collins-street east. TENDERS are invited for BLUESTONE RUBBLE to be delivered at Emerald Hill. Apply to Messrs, Dawson and Edmonds, Walsh- street, Flags official, TENDERS are invited for a quantity if84.ND,i.> JL be delivered at Emerald Hill. Apply to Messrs. Dawson and Edmonds, Walsh-street, Flagstaff-hill a TENDERS are invited for RUBBLE WORSTER . Emerald Hill; also Excavating. Apply to Messrs. Dawson and Edmonds, Walsh- street, Flagstaff hill. TENDERS WANTED, for FILLING IN a water hole. Apply this day, at li o'clock at the Royal George, Hoddle-street, Collingwood. TENDERS WANTED, for weatherboard BUILD ING. Labour only. H. Sims, Timber-yard, Foots cray, or Commercial Timber yard, Lonsdale street east, Melbourne's TENDERS WANTED, for PL ALTERING forage J. roomed house. J. Winnell, Hawthorn. n>r.NDKHB WANTED, for SLATING Lobouroua X uiat-ri 1. Apply corner of Swanston and Collins street, TENDERS for PLASTERING small job. Apply F Stone?, corner of Gray-street and Simpson street, East Collingwood. IlENDdiiS WANTED, for 400 rods or REDGUM PEN OF until the 25th, Apply A. Kyte, Bourke-street TENDERS WANTED, for ADDITIONS and AL JL TERATIONS te he made at the branch office in the Equitable Loan and Investment Company, 105 } listeth street. For particulars apply to day from ] 0 to 11 o'clock, on the premises. n TENDERS are invited for the ERECTION of FARE X Mid other BUILDINGS at Arundel (late Glengyle bear Keilor, for Edward Wilson, Esq She plans and specifications may be soon until the 21st inst., at the office of Leonard Terry, Esq., arch not, 78 Collins-street west, TENDERS WANTED, for METAL. Rubble, and Cube Stone, until the 25th. Apply A. Kyle's Office, Bourke street. _ TENDERS WANTED, EXOAVATINO. 84J Kts X _sell-Btrcet._ TENDERS will be received Until the 23rd Instant for the FORMING and METALLING of RIGHT of-WAY at backed Iron-yard. Briscoe and Co, 2 J ll?abeth-6troet. 22 TENDERS WANTED, for 65,000 beat Brunswick BRICKS, the reshipped on the Melbourne Wharf. To do. for Bluestone, Apply to Mr. Billing, arch of ct, No. 6, Elizabeth street. TENDERS are REQUIRED, for ARTINGSTALL and FILLING IN QUARRY HOLES, in Long street, Footscray. For further particulars apply to Coir lath and Bruce, 04 Lonsdale-! street west, He- is free. TENDERS WANTED, for three rail FENCE, tail J. 38ft. by 170ft. near the Greyhound. Address H. P, (lines of this paper.' WANTED, TENDERS for about 20,000 BUICK, with sample 100 Collins-street east. of " -* Carriages and other Vehicles. A MERIGAN ROAD WAGGON, equal to six tons, A faithfully built, for SALE, by Fisher, Beard). and Co A first-class assortment of English, American, as J M. colonial built CARRIAGES. Stevenson and Elliot, 181 King-street a large stock of very superior made CARRIAGE? and HARNESS, at greatly reduced prices, on view The Pantechnicon Carriage Galleries, 01 Queen street, and coach factory, 178 Collins-street east AMERICAN CARRIAGES and WAGGONS Mr BALE, byNewclUndCo,28Klng-strcot 17>XPREBB WAGGONS, suitable for New Zealanders Also Concord Buggies, new and secondhand. 181 King-street ' UlOR SALE, double shafted two-horse WAGGON, JJ light, strong, and nearly new. Apply Carlton Hotel, L) gan-street, Carlton FOR SALE, SPRING CART and HARNESS. Apply "W A F Royal George, Collingwood. FOR SALE, cheap, CART and HARNESS, four wheeled Chaise. 88 Little H Esdale street east. A LARGE and varied assortment English, Araerlwa and Colonial built CARRIAGES, Dogcarts, c CarrtUjSCvrlsgo Repository, Lonsdale-street. LONDON-BUILT DOGCART, by Thrupp, light and highly-finished, Cm. 181 King-street. GRANTED, to PURCHASE, secondhand WAS Y CON and four-horse HARNESS, together or to . rate Bpeculailnn, office of this paper. Grazing Paddocks. GRAZING, for horses and cattle, In an excellent paddock, well fenced and watered, opposite Uta n inspect, Western Port-road. Apply on the pwmsSaV 