GOLDFIELDS LEGISLATION. Tbe first instalment of a gold-fields bill has at length been placed in tbe hands of the printer, aid the occasion is not a bad one to oonsider how far legislation can affect the present annual yield oi gold. That increase which marked tbe commencement of the present year, and which we were willing to believe to be a turning-point in a course which has gone lower year by year, has already deserted ut, and must be now regarded as merely accidental. Up to the present, we find that the Roli-fielda have made no successful effort to recover themselves, and, without any unreasonable expectations from legislative assistance, it is worth consideration whether there are any impedimenta which legislation may remove. Here, then, those member* who complain of neglect to the gold-fields—who find fault with this portion and with tbat portion of our gold-fieldt management— have an opportunity or constructing the whole anew. We are not above allowing that the whole question ia complicated and difficult, and our efforts experimental; and we would gladly have the counsel of those who have teen on the spot the practical working of auch maatdrea as admit of dispute. This, we are aware, in asking a favour. It is pleasant and easy to tell us that we misunderstand the condition of the goldfields—that we have dealt with matters which we know nothing about, and that wc have made a mess of them. It ia neither *o pleannt nor so easy to help as while we are at work—to foresee future difficulties before tbey arise, and to tell us beforehand how we should provide for such and such emergencies. But unless the goldfields members will condescend to apply themselves to such ignoble uses, tbey will maintain very little right to be heard on future occasions. Tbey are sufficiently numerous in tbe Honte to decide any point which admits of fair question, and those measures which promise to increase the productiveness of the goldfields me ncaraly likely to be made party questions. The whole colony is deeply interested in their results; and if the goldfields members can agree among themselves as to the most productive system of management, there it very little doubt but that they can take tbe House with them. In the outline which Mr. Humffray gave us on Friday evening of this bill for the better management of the goldfields, there me many topics which require consideration, and which we may fairly ask tbe goldfieldt members to make up their minds about before tbey pass into law. At the beginning, we see no objection that this amended form of the old Gold Fields Aet should be divided into two parti—one providing for tbe better administration of law on the gold fields, and tbe other for the better management of the gold fields themselves. But we think that both those puts should be before the House, and both in print, before either is discussed, in order that it may be fully known how- any measure omitted in tbe one is provided for in tbe other. At present, only one {nit has been introduced to the House, and ordered to be printed. The two subjects — the administration of law and tbe general management of the gold fields — are so intimately connected that some provisions may be as usefully introduced under one head as tbe other; but there is a possibility that between both parts matters of importance may dip to the ground altogether, unless a facility is given for viewing all the details at onee. In the part already introduced, we find that tbe mining boards are still to be continued, with, however, an increased tenure of office to the members of each bfiard. This, wc presume, is on a principle similar to that with which an Irishman takes his whiskey. If it disagrees with you. yon haven't taken enough of it. Their by-laws were bad, it is admitted. But then, we are told, new members made them betore they knew what they wereebout To make the matter safer, all by-laws are to be revised by a barrister, and may be further questioned by die district judges. Whether, under these conditions, it would be desirable to continue tbe present mining boards, it is for tbe goldfields members to my. Hitherto they have been of little service; but the mining community is most fit to decide on a question which solely concerns itself. Increased powers are to be granted to wardens. Their jurisdiction is to be extended; their injunctions to May proceedings in gold-mining disputes sre to continue until dissolved by a higher court; and they are also empowered to grant certain water-rights to miners. With regard to this latter provision, it should certainly be accompanied by some general system under which water rights might be grantai and held. Tbe wardens may ut without favor; but as long as tbey are allowed to use their own discretion, uncontrolled by a general code of rules and regulations, we are likely to see these water-rights die subject of endless disputes. This confusion we have seen in the Beech worth district, where no rules, and even no understanding among die various wardena of the district, have been observed; and it is not unlikely that a similar laxity will produce confusion in other districts. It is also proposed to make companies liable for any loses cauwd by culpable insecurity •f their mines, and to give to tbe mining surveyors a supervision ova 1 all gold workings. If to this we add the exemption of certain classes, not miners—such as water-carriers, charcoal-boners, and, we presume, all who carry on theirtrades without reference to any fixed residence—from business licences, we have the main features of the bill to provide for the better management of the goldfields, ss differing from tbat portion of the Goldfields Act at present in use which treats on these subjects And it is for the goldfields to decide before it is too late, whether all these provisions adequately meet the circumstances oi the case. No reference is made to tbe question of mining on private property; and, as we should have expected to find it under this portion of gold fields legislation, we aw die more surprised at its absence. Private arrangements have centainly, to a considerable extent, obviated much of tbe difficulties of this question $ but it would be still prudent to determine in what position the owner of private property stands. Besides, tbe question is pretty certain to be raised during the passing of this bill through the HOOK, and the views of die Ministry might as well have been given atonee.— Argut, April 24. GOLD Esooar.—The total quantity of gold exported during the year, up to Saturday last is 601,138 ounces, or S3 tons 3 qr. 19 ot. troy, of the value, of £2,404,553. Up to the corresponding date of last year, the shipments amount to 671,288 or., or £2 tons IS cwt. 1 lb., of the value of £2,385,158. EXFOBT DDTV ott GOLD.—Tho Ararat Advertiser has reports of meetings OB this subject held at Pleasant Creek and at the Four Posts Bush, where resolution! condemnatory of the tax were unanimously adopted. A public meeting has been held at Chilton, at which about 500 miners attended, and passed resolutions in favour of the immediate abolition of the Export Doty on Gold. THE JioUarat Star says—" Tbe eyet and no eyes adage reecntly received a rather singular and welcome confirmation in the experience of an old Ballarat miner, who waa pasting over soon old ground, and seeing as be supposed a speck of gold, he stooped to pick it up, and was rewardod by unearthing a nugget of 40 ounces for hit paint." We woe yesterday (says the SaOarat Star) shown epiedeef hard blackish day slate, taken from the claim of the Danish Company, which contained a number of particle! of fin* gold. The peculiarity of the specimen is, that the gold is not on the face of the date, nextthequarte.butsoemito penetrate fkiiiy into the mass. The slate was taken from a depth of £50 feet, where Hit found running in alternate layers withquartx. Mr. G. W. TONOCE, writing to the M. A. Mail, thus describes a process of amalgamating gold for which he has applied for a patent. The following is the prooetts—The qoartr, on leaving the stamp boxes, pastes down a shoot 24in. to SOin. wide, and fixed at an inclination of 45deg., into a trough containing quicksilver, through which a powerful stream of magnetic cloctriclty constantly panes, obtained from fixed magoeta and iron armiture, worked by motive power. The passage of die quartz through die quicksilver is regulated by a bridge, which ia adjusted by screws, and under which die quarto is forced by Its own prcttnre in passing from the machlnai thus every partialc must necessarily be brought in contract with the quicksilver, when die peculiar action of die electricity upon the quicksilver will cautc it to take ^upoven^ parade of fold that comes in contact with it. The process mil apply equally w*U to puddling, washing and other machinery employed in the extraction of gold. The inhabitants of Cbswton are taking slept towards the establishment of a local market. Hia Honor Judge Forbes presided at the Cattlrmalne County Court last week having returned hit duties ia this district. OH Monday the members of several of the trades in Castlenialne held a fete in celebration of the anniversary of the establishment of the eight hours system. In the evening there was a dinner at the Commercial Hotal. A somewhat similar celebration took plac« on the tamo day at Ballarat. A petition has been presented to the Legislative Assembly by sixty-six sheepowner* In die colony, in which it is slated that scab in sheep is extending over the colony, and that it now prevails in districts where it wat formerly unknown. The petitioners suggest the adoption of the South Australian Scab Aet, which is based on the principle of imposing a continuous fine on the owner of diseased sheep increasing in amount every six months, and which is taid to work well in that colony. Cbmgk't Circular states.—We are enabled to state as a fact, that within the last few weeks, a sum of not 1MS than two million* sterling has been diverted from this colony to New South Wales and Queensland, a circumstance which may be mainly attributed to die destructive polity pursued by the Government towards the pastoral tenants of the Crown. Thli, we fear, is only die commencement of the evil. ANOTHER native diamond has been discorensd— this time on tbe Woolshed, in the Ovens district It fa altogether a curious specimen. It has been so severely handled in Nature's laboratory that it has lost nearly all the usual outward form of a diamond, scarcely a trace of the tmo form of crystal remaining, while on parts of the surface it is curiously marked. Da colour, however, it very good, and it gives [remise of a fine lustre, which ratting will bring out. It weighs two carats and a half. It is to be seen in the possession of Mr. Crisp, jeweller. Queen-street, to whom it wa« lately submitted, and who first pronounced it to be, what it undoubtedly is, a diamond. We may add that it was picked up three years ago. and has since, with other colonial stonea, been conveyed to several of the capitals of Europe, and back again, before its true character was discovered. This fret confirm! the impression strongly entertained by those who are best informed on the subject, dot many valuable stones have been thrown away by the miners, who were, and still are, ignorant of the true character of the crystals they often meet with, especially in the Ovens district.—Argut, April 23. SBOOKISO ASTAIK.—A circumstance of the most horrifying description occurred on Sunday morning last at Windsor. Kerjreant- Major Alexander M'Lesn, recently landlord si tbe Devonshire Hotel, at Brighton, left that bouse oa Saturday with his wife, and went to reside in Union-street, Windsor. About I o'alock on Suaday morning, Mrs. M'Leam was in tbe act of retiring to bed, and was partially undressed, when her husband entered the room with a drawn sword in his hand. He approached tbe unfortunate woman, and without speaking a word, aimed at her a fearful cut, which completely scalpel the back part of her head. 11 er shrieks and the ring of the sword caught the ear of the son, a young man about 18 years of age, who at mice rushed into the room, but not before tbe infuriated man had given Mrs. M Lean no fewer than 10 or 12 severe wounds on her neck, shoulders, and, in fact, all over her body. One of the cuts on tbe shoulder was 10 Inches in length. He continued to cut at her precisely in the manner in which he had been accustomed to exhibit feats of skill as a swordsman, aiming his blows with horrible dexterity. At length the son and tbe unfortunate victim herself contrived to seisa tbe sword blade, and is the struggle which ensued, the hands of all thres were mangled. M'Lcon at length, by bis superior strength, forced his wife and son to the door, and pushed them into tbe channel outside the house, throwing the sword after them. Be then quietly a*t down. Of coarse, tbe neighbors wae soon on the spot, attracted by the cries and noise, and a polioe-oonitable and Dr. Lemprtere were quickly in attendance. The latter dressed Mrs. M'Lean's wounds, and the constable arrested tbe sergeant-major, who sat in stolid indifnce. On Monday morning he was brought up at the Prahran bench, before Dr. Black and Messrs Wise would and Ckmgb, on a charge of cutting and wounding, with intent to kill. Dr. lespriere stated tbat Mrs. M'Lesn was in a most fearful condition. The prisoner was very quiet in his demeanour, and said nothing. Tbe son deposed that he had been drinking all the previous week. The Bench remanded the prisoner till Monday next, and he is now confined in tbe Central Gaol. Sergeant-M^jor H'Lean waa formerly in the army, and was present in the celebrated Balaclava cliarge, for which he was, we understand, promoted to the rank of comet. He was sergeant in the Volunteer Yeomanry for some time, and has several times exhibited in public with Professor Parker and Mr. Winterbottom.—Arout, April 24. The Melbourne correspondent of the Gethny Quwude has the following: A rather interesting case is now being tried in the Supreme Court, wherein " Jack Lamb," of sporting notoriety, is the plaintiff, and Mr. Hairy Miller, M.L.C., is defendant. As an instance of what mav turn up in Victoria, tbe circumstances may be fcriefiy worth referring to. In 1843 Lamb borrowed from" Miller, at tbe trilling interest of 20 per cent., a sum of £50 for which he gave promissory notes, and a mortgage upon property in Peotridge, containing about five acres of land. In 1845, seeking " fresh fields and pastures new," the Lamb sought Adelaide, and remained till 1850, where, tearing tlw astounding news of Oaliforaian greatness, he traniferred hit fleece to that more extended world of speculations, and alter some years wait home to London. Meanwhile, Mr. Miller, unadvised of his errant debtor's peregrinations, jumped to the conclusion that he had gone to the universal " bourne," and undo- that pleasing delusion disposed of the " little lot at Pentiidge," and string in the integrity of his action, and under the buckler of men's contaa recti, quietly pocketed the proceeds. But lo! the diggings came, and all property, not excepting the Pentridge lot, increased a hundredfold, and litmb, who waa then it appen in Ixmdon, grew suddenly interested in Pentridge, and intensely anxiout about tbe little mortgage, and failing to receive from Miller,—who no doubt looked upon Lamb's living as an anachronism, not to be countenanced,—any satisfactory explanation, hied him to Melbourne, where he appeared to Miller in I860, like another Banquo, wbo eame " to trouble joy." Thus, after an absence of neariy twenty years, without correspondence, the debted and creditor utoad anxiously free to free! " Ba>e«aa a no* nmUcnu," taid Jack with a cheerful rub of the hands, intended to be conciliatory. It ultimately came to a trial, die issue of which I have hot yet beard. Lamb's claim is £5,000 that being the supposed value of the land. Oi'EKino A Mixs.—To sink a shaft and drive 60 or 60 feet is no tart of any ground. Take any large claims here—£5,000 or more might easily belaid out in merely opening the mine, before a shilling would return to die shareholders. Almost everybody may believe the claim to be a good one, but there can be no positive proof of the worth of the claim until tbe mine is opened. Many of our readers will hardly realise what is meant by " opening a mine " A mine may be considered opened when a shaft is sunk either 100 feet or 100 fiithoma, according to the ground and cross-cuts that have struck the lode or lodes. Then the mine is ready for remunerative mining. —C. F. NichoOt (CUaut,) in the Jrgut. DEMAM> FOR WIVES.—When some one of die advocates of Protection to Native Industry,— not of " Protection to Native Idleness," which is a rival institution, the principles of whieh have only just been issued, fays the Herald,—asked last session in the House, •' What shall we do with our boys P"—Mr. O'Sbanassy shouted from die opposition benches, "Many them to die girls." And tbe following from tbe Oippt Lmd Guardian of Friday last would teem to show that die residents there are not slow, any more than elsewhere, to act on the hon. member for Kilmorc's advice. Our contemporary says" The female emigrants by the Aaoendent, of which we received the munificent supply of eleven by the Keera steamer, on the 4th inst, were immediately engaged at high wages. We wish tbe Immigration Board would deal a little more liberally with us, and forward us a monthly supply, as we find it impossible to keep servants for any lengthened period. The demand for wives in Gipps Land seems at all times to supercede the supply and no sooner is a girl hired than a request comes to look after another, as she is going to be married, Nor is it at all uncommon for parties in tbe bush to proceed at once to the immigration depot immediately after the batch have arrived, and then make arrangements for entering into the holy bonds, taking each other for better or worse, as tbe ease may turn out. Ontil we can supply tbe demand for wives, we may give up all hopes at attempting to keep female serrants long enough to teach them to be useful, wbieb few of the tiesh arrivals are."— Star, TUB ABORIGINES IN Quamm.iKi).—It I« reported that another " massacre of blacks" has taken place in a district contiguous to Wide Bay, of an unusually atrociout character, aw! comprising the slaughter of thirty or thirty-five blacks; but tbe report mats confirmation, and, for fear of any mis-statement, I refrain from further mention of the matter until I can obtain the details with some accuracy. The following letter, however, bearing tbe signature of gentlemen of long standing in the oolonv, which appears in this day s Comer, points to some dark deed of recent perpetration. The letter is a curiosity in its way. —"To the officer in command of the party of native poiioe, who shot and wounded some blacks on the station of Mauumbar, on Sunday, tbe 10th inst. Sir,—If in futare you should take a fancy to bring your troopers upon the station of Manumbar on a sporting excursion, we should ftel obliged if you would either bag or bury the game which you shoot, as it it far from pleasant for us to have the decomposing remains of four or five black-fellows lying unburied within a mile or two of our head station. If yoa will do neither, please be kind enough to remove the corpses from waterholea near the bead station, from which we sometimes use water for culinary purposes. As most of the blacks yon left dead on our run were feeble old men, some of them apparently not less than eighty years of agi, yon mil please to inform ut whether these hwry tinners are tbe parties chiefly engaged in spearing bullocks and 'cramming monkeys,' fcc, or whether you just ahoot Am because the younger ones are too nimble for you Besides the four or five you left dead on our run, yoa have wounded two or three of our station blacks, who have boen in our employment during the lambing, washing, and shearing, and all other buty times, for the last eight or nine yearx, and we have never known either of them to have been charged with a crime of any bind. One of tbem j^me to the station with a bullet wound through one of his" thighs, another through one or his hands; the other had a bullet wound through one of bis arms. These blacks, being in our employment, very naturally look to ue for protection Iran such outrages; and we are of opinion that when you shoot and wound blacks in such an Indiscriminate manner, yon exceed your commission; and we publish this that those who employ and pay you may bave some knowledge of the way m which you perforin your services. We have, &c-;, J. and A. Mortimer. Hanumbar, 22nd February, 1861." — Corret- pondnti of ikr Argvt. 