XI. MISCELLANEOUS. PROHIBITION OF DISEASED CATTLE. INFECTED CATTLE A Bill, prohibiting the importation of infected cattle into this colony, was passed through all its stages in the House of Assembly on Tuesday. This unusual haste was in consequence of reports to the effect that cattle affected with the pleuro-pneumonia were being driven across our boundary from the neighbour- ing colony. The Bill provides that " It shall be lawful for the Governor from time to time, and at any time hereafter, with the advice and consent of the Executive Council, by Proclamation in the South Australian Government Gazette, to prohibit the introduction or importation of any cattle, or any particular description of cattle into the said province from such places, and during such time, as shall be set forth in any such proclamation, and to alter or revoke any such proclamation, and if, during the time when any such proclamation shall be in force, any person shall import or introduce into the said province any cattle, or shall cause, suffer, or permit any such cattle to be landed in the said province, or driven over the boundary of any other colony or province into the said province, in opposition to the terms of any such proclamation, such person shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, and also to be imprisoned, with or without hard labor, for any period not exceeding six calendar months, and such cattle shall be forfeited to Her Majesty." The Bill further provides that " any cattle infected with any contagious disease may, during the period when any such proclamation shall be in force, be shot or otherwise destroyed by any Constable, Crown Lands Ranger, or other person duly authorised by the Commissioner of Crown Lands," and that any person offending against the provisions of the Act, or of any proclamation issued in pursuance thereof, may be apprehended by any person, and taken before the nearest Justice of the Peace. The word " cattle " includes horses, horned cattle, and sheep of whatever age or sex. THE rREASUREBJs~BALAWCE-SHEEr. THE TREASURER has laid before Parliament an abstract of the Ways and Means of the colony of South Australia for the financial year ending June 30, 1861, which shows a very fair available balance with which to commence the financial year then next ensuing. The revenue actually received into the Treasury for the twelve months terminating June 30 last was £553,033 17s. 4d. ; the total expenditure sanctioned during the same period by votes of the Legislature being £495,416 Os. 4d. The revenue for the year ending June 30 1861, was, however, augmented by the savings on votes during the year previous, being the extent to which they were permitted ; to lapse; in other words, the unappropriated votes for the year ending June 30, 1860. These savings amounted to £20,624 9s. 1d., which added to the £553,033 17s. 4d. before mentioned, make a total of £573,658 6s. 5d. the aggregate Ways and Means of the colony for the last financial year. Deducting from this £495,416 Os. 4d the voted expenditure for 1860-61, as per Estimates, the balance remaining will be found to amount to £78,242 6s. Id. Out of this has to be taken £43,519 10s. 4d., excesses on votes to June 30 last, leaving a net balance available for the year ending June 30, 1862, (additional to the estimated revenue of £34,722 15s. 9d. This is doubtless much more pleasant than a deficit for the Treasurer to contemplate, and not only for the Treasurer but for the country also. THE RAINFALL OF 1861. . We recently published a very useful table compiled by Mr. Todd, exhibiting the total rainfall during the present year, at twelve different places in the colony. The result shows, in a most striking manner, the value, we may say the absolute necessity, of establishing rain-gauges in various parts of the province, and in comparing the records of the several places. If this is not done our conclusions, as derivable from the Adelaide tables, will be most inaccurate, in fact delusive, and, for practical purposes, worse than no records at all. The difference in the total rainfall at the several places where rain-gauges have been set up is most surprising, some falling as much below the Adelaide average as others rise above it. The total quantity of rain measured at the Adelaide Observatory for the seven months ending with July last was 14-436 inches (nearly 142- inches), At Kapunda, in the same period, it was only 14 inches at Kooringa, not quite 11 at Port Augusta, only a little over 3 inches in the six months ending with June. On the other hand we find the Adelaide average exceeded at various places, and in some instances to a considerable degree. The seven months' rainfall at Mount Barker amounted to 224 inches at Guichen Bay nearly 21 i at Penola, over 22 J and at Mount Gambier more than 33 J inches ! The rainfall at Cox's Creek is only recorded for the five months ending with May, but for this, period it amounted to 1764 inches, out of which the extraordinary quantity of in- inches fell in May. Had the records for June and July been kept it is probable that Cox's Creek would have been next highest to Mount Gambier, as very heavy rains fell on the Mount Lofty ranges during June and July The Strathalbyn rainfall is within a frac- tion the same as that of Adelaide-a result which rather surprises us. The Gawler Town records have only been kept during May, June, and July ; but in those three months rather more than 7:f inches fell. At Bungaree nearly 163 inches fell during the seven months. The great variation in the fall of rain in (after ent parts of the colony, as illustrated in the statistics of the present year, shows how very important it is to have a general series of observations, and not to rely exclusively upon Adelaide figures. We hope that a further supply of rain-gauges may be distributed in fact, we do not see why there should not be one at each telegraph station and at each police station throughout the colony. The first cost of the instruments would be but trifling, and no further outlay is necessary at all. It should be made part of the official duty of telegraph clerks and of the police to note the rain-gauges, which they could do at very little trouble or inconvenience to themselves in fact it would be an agreeable amusement. By collating these various records and tracing the rainfall through a series of years, we should be able to reach conclusions not only highly interesting to men of science, but valuable to the agriculturist, the sheepfarmer, and to all who are interested in developing the resources of the colony. HEVIVAL or ImmiGRATION. We learn that several parties have recently availed themselves of the old remission certificate regulations (which are still in force in order to bring out immigrants at the expense of the Government. This is not done by the Government importing the immigrants in the first instance, but in private individuals bringing them out at their own cost, and afterwards receiving back the equivalent of their passage money in land. The following are the regulations alluded to " REMISSION CERTIFICATE REGULATIONS. " Regulations under which Remission Certificates, available in the purchase of Crown Lands, may be clai ned, where immigrants have been introduced by private per- sons Persons having resided in South Australia for at least one year, who may introduce from the United Kingdom at their own cost, immigrants of either of the classes specified in the Free Passage Regulations, shall be entitled, on the arrival of those immigrants, to receive from this office a certificate for an amount equal to the cost which might have been incurred by the Government for the emigration of such persons ; such certificate to be receivable as cash at the Treasury for the purchase of Crown Lands on or after maturity, and the amount expressed therein to be based upon the average contract rate payable per statute adult for emigrants by the three Government emigrant vessels then pi% viously reported as chartered : Provided "I. That notice of such intended introduction of immigrants be addressed in writing to this office, at least six months prior to date of their arrival in the colony. "5. That, on landing, a certificate be obtained from the Immigration Agent at Port Adelaide, to the effect that the Immigrant so introduced is of a class eligible for acceptance by the Land and Emigration Commissioners at the date of departure from England, and is to all appearance such a person as might have been granted a free passage. "in. That on presentation of the money certificate at the Treasury after its maturity (two years after date), there be attached thereto a declaration, in form of Schedule at foot hereof, that the persons in respect of whose introduction the certificate was issued, have been constantly since arrival, and are then, resident in South Australia; and have not during such residence been recipients of public relief." We have to repeat that these regulations are still in force ; but this is not generally known, and we therefore feel it to be our duty to call attention to the fact. THE WHITRIDGE LECTURE. The long-expected lecture by Mr. Townsend, M.P., on behalf of the fund now raising for the benefit of the widow and family of the late Mr. Whitridge, was delivered in White's Rooms on Tuesday evening, September 17. The spacious hall was crowded in every part, not only all the seats being occupied, but hundreds of persons standing. The audience comprised all the elite of the metro- polishers fact, no lecturer ever addressed a more respectable and intelligent company. His Excellency and Lady MacDonnell were present, as also the Hon. G. C. Hawker and family, also several members of the Government, many members of Parliament, and leading citizens in such numbers that we cannot attempt to specify them. The chair was taken by Mr. Lavington Glyde, M.P., one of the Governors of the South Australian Institute, and, since the lamented death of Mr. Whitridge, Chairman of the Board of Governors. Mr. Glyde introduced the lecturer in a few appropriate remarks, in the course of which he referred in eulogistic terms to the late Mr. Whitridge, and remarked upon the obligations he had conferred upon the colony by his enlightened devotedness to literature, science, and art. Mr. Townsend was warmly greeted at the commencement, during the course of, and at the close of his lecture, which was divided into two portions, the interval being filled up with some excellent overture music by Chapman's band. The lecturer commenced by pronouncing a warm eulogium upon the character and talents of the deceased, whose reputation as a writer was steadily rising when his untimely decease deprived society of the efforts of his cultivated mind, and his wife and children of their natural protector. Having thus opened his lecture by a graceful tribute to the memory of Mr. Whitridge, Mr. Townsend proceeded, in a series of graphic and amusing sketches, varying from " gay to grave, from lively to severe," to sketch numerous phases of London life and without attempting to describe these sketches, we may honestly state that the audience appeared much gratified, as they doubtless were instructed. At the close of the lecture the Mayor of Adelaide proposed, and Mr. John Howard Clark seconded a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was carried by acclamation. Mr. Townsend, in acknowledging the compli- ment, moved that the thanks of the meeting be given to Mr. Glyde for his able presidency and this having been seconded by the Hon John H. Barrow, was carried in like manner. It was stated at the close of the proceedings that the proceeds of the meeting would yield about £70 to the fund, and that the Committee were anxious to raise a total of £1,000, in order to secure a permanent annuity of £100 a-year to the widow. The audience appeared so well pleased with the proceedings that after the votes of thanks no attempt was made to move, and Mr. Chapman kindly gave a little more music, and was accorded a vote of thanks for his valuable services and those of the gentlemen who acted with him in the musical department. Finally, the National Anthem was played, the whole of the vast assembly simultaneously rising, and thus was brought to a close a very pleasant and satisfactory evening's entertainment. PLEUBO-PNEUMONIA.-On Friday the Commissioner of Crown Lands read in the House of, Assembly the following telegram from Mr. J. J Phillips, Melbourne, to Messrs. Elder, Stirling and Co., of this city "A mob of Victorian cattle, believed diseased, are now going down Murray River to enter South Australia, and cross Murray. These crossed before at Swan Hill and were sent back. Please solicit your Government to act promptly to prevent this." The Commissioner having read the telegram, moved a suspension of the Standing Orders, to enable him to give a notice of motion for leave to bring in a Bill on Tuesday next, to empower the Government to take immediate and decisive action, to prevent any suspected cattle from entering the colony. The Commissioner intimated that it would be desirable to pass the Bill through all its stages with the greatest possible despatch and a motion was agreed to authorising the Government to take the necessary steps to prevent the introduction of the disease into the colony, and indemnifying them for any action they might consider it desirable to take A short debate followed, in the course of which Mr Milne stated that he had seen in print doubts expressed as to the fact of the disease existing in Victoria Mr Magarey advised caution, and suggested that if diseased or suspected cattle were destroyed, and then owners compensated, a fine market would be created for Victoria, and large numbers would be sent over on purpose to be destroyed " Those who know anything of the nature of this disease, and of the tearful ravages which it makes amongst cattle, will understand the importance of the most decisive measures being taken by the Government to prevent its introduction, and will appreciate the promptness with which the Commissioner of Crown Lands moved in the matter We understand it to be his intention, in the meantime, to issue immediate orders to all the Police and Crown Lands Rangers, to prevent any cattle from crossing the borders until further notice THE EXECUTION OF THE CONDEMNED NATI\ ES AT FowlER s BAY -We had made arrangements for a special report of the execution of the tour aboriginals condemned to do with for the murder of Mrs Impett and of the shepherd Burggoist, but it has not yet come to hold in the me in time we extract the following particulars? from the columns of our contemporary, and will give further particulars (should there be any of mi p rtnniu),whcn our own report tan ives The Register says "The Show Off, the Cox 01 nor of the Gaol, and the other officials upon whom devolved the carrying out of the sentences passed upon the natives who murdered the shepherd Butggoist and the unfortunate Mrs Impett, returned to Port Adelaide on Wednesday morning, having discharged then melancholy duty It will be remembered that the Yatala sailed for Fowler s Bay on Saturday, August 31 She anchored there on the following 1 day , and 1 on 'Saturday, September 7, the son tones of the law was one used upon Nilgeneand Tilchcne, the murder or s of Burggoist Those miserable creatures appear to have met their fate with decent courage, their bearing during the voyage and to the last moments of their lives having been that of men deeply dejected, but find I can either pusillanimous fear or assumed bravado, they not only in knowledged their guilt, had even pointed out the bush under which then victim was seated when he first saw them, the spot where they speared him as he was retreating from them, and the place to which they removed him after the fatal wound and where he breathed his last. The gallows was erected upon the site of the murder, as indicated by the prisoners, and there were present at the execution about 25 male adult natives of their tribe, being probably more than half that the district could have supplied - the entire aboriginal population, men, women, and children, not exceeding a hundred. The ceremony was also witnessed by Mr. Swan, the owner of the run ; Captain Carson, of the Yatala ; I Mr. Swan's overseer, several shepherds and hutkeepers, and some of the Yatala s crew. Considerable impression was evidently produced upon the aboriginal spectators, who had been collected through the agency of one of their tribe. They are among the most uncivilized of Australian savages, and utterly without clothing. When the bodies of the criminals were taken down, an attempt was made to induce some of the blackfellows to assist in removing them, but they rushed away in evident terror. The interment was performed, in accordance with the warrant, at the place of execution, so that the remains of the murderers now rest beneath the spot where they speared the shepherd. The Yatala left Streaky Bay on Sunday, September 8, and arrived at Venus Bay on the following Friday. On Saturday, September 14, Karabidne and Mangeltio, the murderers of Mrs. Impett, were executed at Chiriroo, the police-station near Mr. Marchant's run. They also admitted their guilt, and avowed that the waddy and the stone which were produced at their trial were the same which they had used in killing the poor woman. Many of the Mount Wedge natives were assembled at Chiriroo, and, therefore, as there were no means of conveyance, it was not considered necessary to proceed to the scene of the murder, 20 or 30 miles distant. The sentence of the law was carried into effect in the presence of Mr. Thomas Phillips (Mr. Marchant's brother in-law), Mr. Montgomery (the overseer), several shepherds and hutkeepers, the captain and crew of the Yatala, and about 30 natives. The Yatala left Venus Bay at 6 a.m. on Monday, September 16, and arrived at the North Arm at 4 a.m. on Wednesday. The Daphne, from Port Adelaide, entered Venus Bay as the Yatala left. It is the expressed belief of the settlers generally in the districts where the murders were committed that the effect of these executions will be good, and that no other means would have been so effectual in preventing the recurrence of such outrages." ADELAIDE PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY-At the monthly meeting of this Society, held at the Institute, on Tuesday evening, the Rev. Canon Farr occupied the chair. Messrs. G. F. Angas, Mr. Ingleby, and H. W. Phillips were elected members. Two notices of motion with reference to the Museum were given. The Chairman having drawn attention to the failure of Mr. Neal's process for purifying sea water, when tried on a large scale, Mr. T. D. Smeaton explained that it had been discovered that the water which was supposed to be purified salt water, was in reality fresh water, which had been retained by a thick layer of sand in the butter, until it was forced out by the weight of salt water poured on to the sand. Mr. Smeaton further stated that Mr. Neal's process consisted in precipitating the sulphates in sea water by means of lime, and then adding an extract from salsolaceous plants, which he believed was done under an erroneous notion. Mr. Smeaton then read a paper from the " Journal of the Society of Arts," on American implements, and economic contrivances ; after which a brief discussion took place, in which the Rev. F. W. Cox, the Chairman, Mr. Smeaton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Kay, and Mr. Frederick G. Water- house, took part. MINING INTELLIGENCE There is again this week a dearth of news of importance from the great mining district. The Alliance, the Cornish, and the South Wombat Mining Companies have suspended operations. The Finniss Mining Claims have not yielded any copper as yet, but efforts are still vigorously carried on to discover a lode, and Captain Penberthy entertains hopes that they will be ultimately successful. In Kirwan's Mine a promising lode has been cut and some ore raised. The New Cornwall, and New Devon Mine have each received portions of their engines, which will be ere ted as speedily as possible. The Wirrawilka Mine appears to be progressing favorably, and some good ore is being raised. There have been no reports this week from the Duryea and Cumberland Mines. The Kanmantoo Mine is yielding a good quantity of ore. We have private information from the principal claims at Tipara, stating that fresh lodes of great richness have been discovered, and a large quantity of ore is in sight Chronicle, Sept. 7 MINING INTELLIGENCE -The workings at the Dm j ea Mine are steadily progressing of The depth of Duryea's, shaft being now 14 fathoms and the cross- cut to the engine-shaft has been di even 10 fathoms. The depth attained in the engine shaft itself is 7 fathoms. The engine-stack is now above 8 feet in height, and the preparation of the boiler is by this time completed, there has been a little rise in the shares of this Company lately. New Cornwallis, too, are farmer, and the report from that mine is favorable The Kirwan (private company have made a valuable discovery, and, as announced in Thursday's Advertiser], nearly a ton of fine samples have reached Adelaide from their property We shall probably hear more of this discovery next week, especially as to the extent of the lode The last report from the Lipson's Cove Mine is tolerably favorable. The report from the Mount Craig Mine is more favorable than it has been for some time past, nearly all the hard surface rock having been got through, and the lode in Roach's shift increased in thickness The Wonga Wonga Company report above £700 worth of ore at grass and more continuing to be raised. The report from the Cumberland Mine is also satisfactory -Ibid, Sept 14. MINING INTELLIGENCE-The news from the Cumberland Mine is still satisfactory The works at the Duryea Mine are progressing favorably. The crosscut from the 12 fathom level was driven to within 9 feet of the engine shaft. Two shafts are being sunk on a lode on section 465, supposed to be the Wombat lode At present only red gossan and iron have been found, but the indications are considered very favorable. Opera, tions at the New Cornwall appear to be going on briskly The nine fathom level in Lucas's shaft has been driven I 13 fathoms Sismey's lode is producing rich grey ore and green carbonate A pumping engine is about to be erected on Section 398. The Wirrawilka Mine is turn- ing out some fine ore, especially from Miller's shaft, a rich specimen weighing about 6 cwt is expected to arrive in Adelaide shortly An English company has purchased two sections, 1854. and 1855, about 200 miles from Port Augusta, known as the property of the Yudanamutana Mining Company. The price to be given 13 £12,000 cash and 3,000 £1 shares the Company It is said the Company intend prosecuting extensive mining operations in the far North Above 100 tons of one of high per centage, from this and other northern mines, are now on the way to Port Augusta Captain Lean's report from Kanmantoo is of a very satisfactory nature. From the Kangaroo lode eight men are raising 30 tons per month. Good ores are also being raised from Hooer's stopes and Spitfire lode find, Sent. 21. THE Bielefeld, barque, from London, was boarded by our shipping reporter on Wednesday morning She is consigned to Mr G P Harris, of Adelaide, and brings a large and valuable cargo She reports leaving the London Docks on 12th June, and two days afterwards she was clear of the Downs, and ere 15 days had elapsed she passed the longitude of Madeira, and the Equator on the 25th July in longitude 13 => west, from thence to passing the longitude of the Cape of Good Hope, on the 9th August, in latitude 20 S 53' south, extremely boisterous weather prevailed, in fact, to use Captain Hour's words, this fine little barque has not had a dry deck, the weather prevailing from the south-west, and the wind, in fitful Masts, blew entirely away two foresails, also two persons after the other From the meridian of Cape Town till sighing Kangaroo Island the weather is recorded as being very rough Kangaroo Island was sighted on the 15th September,-concluding her voyage in 94 days The Bielefeld is the same vessel that arrived in Port Adelaide 12 months since, under command of the same captain During the voyage several vessels have been spoken On July b, in latitude H S 69' north, longitude 26' 51' west, the English ship Marshal Pelissier,. from London, bound to the Isle of France, July 29, in latitude 18° 34' south, longitude 36s Id' west, the barque Esperance, from Marseilles, bound to Rio de Janeiro, 46 days at sea, June 26, in latitude 36° north, longitude 159 54' west, the ship Peerless, from Liverpool, bound to Fernando Po , July 9, in latitude 99 23' north, longitude 25° 21' west, the Spanish brig Amelia, from Oporto, bound to Pernambuco, July 12, latitude 7 s to' north, longitude 21 ° 36' west, the Amburg, ship, G H Wappaus, from Hamburg, bound to Valparaiso, July 28 in latitude No 58' south, longitude 26 10' west, the French barque Pallas from Bordeaux, bound to Buenos Ayres, July 3, in latitude 22 44' north, longitude 22 54' west, the d able topsail ship Webster Clarke, from Cardiff, bound to Rio de Janeiro, July 4, the Danish schooner Nordcap, from Swansea, bound to Rio de Janeiro 