MELBOURNE. [From tho llerald't Correspondent.] ' ? Monday, 11 a.m. In the haste or despatching .iny message' on . Saturday, giving the result of the want of co'rii' ' 'ficlcrice motion, [ used the word Ministers in-., fitcjid of motion. It should have reail :? — ; sFur the motion ? ? 37 Against ? ? ? ? ? 19 Maiorifcv against Ministry ... IS Monday, 6 p m. \- ;V A Cabinet Council -was held to-day. lleport ? utates that i dissolution of the House has hcen agreed to by his Excellency. No proclamation lias yet been issued ? Flour not so firm. Maiket quiet. ?. :? Tuesday, 8 p. m In the Assembly the Chief Secretary an- j □ounced that he had received the Governor's ? -assent to a - dissolmion. The Cabinet would ?only proceed with measures already in a stage of advancement The dissolution would take ? : place at an early day. ? Mr. Haines jrave notice of motion that the '' ' now Parliament be called together at the earliest possible opportunity, and that the Governor be memorialised to this effect. A damaging debate to Ministers followed on Mr. Loder's resolutions fur increased vo'o for v 'immigration. The resolutions were withdrawn. ? In the Upper House, Mr. a' Beckett has re \- signed his position. as ihc Government leader. The sales of tea to-day, ex Galicie, went off -W:11. Wednesday, 8 p.m. 'To-morrow is proclaimed a public holidiy in vpiace ot one vjueen s mrinaay. A review oi ?volunteers of all a rim will be held by the Go vern jv and General Pratt at noon 'In ihc Assembly, Mr. Ilaines has moved an Bddre.ii to his Excellency, praying for the earli ? cst possible meeting of the new Assembly, lie deciared the determination of .the-. Opposition not to pass the Appropriation Aot without some ?distinct understanding on this head. '.Mr. : , O'Sliannssy supported it in a powerful speech. ? Tlic feeling of ihc House is very strong. Tho Governor's conduct is attackod merci lessly in tho Arcu=. The William Hill, from Newcastle, is reported .?ngifound at the heads. ^Markets more active. Oats and maize firm ?yi aoction.- Maize, 5s. 3d. ; oats, colonial, /is SL^'Danish nnd Russian, 4s. 