VICTORIA. By the Aldinga we hare Melbourne papers to the €'.L We subjoin various items of news. Adstella Belief F ond.—The Com (hit tee of the Admclla Belief and Reward Fund held a meeting in the Exchange Building, Mr. M'Baiu in the chair. Mr. J. H. Blackwood read the report of the Committee. Mr. Pioos van Amstel moved, and Mr. J. Henrique* se conded, a resolution to the effect that the re port should be adopted and printed in the Melbourne daily papers, which was carried item. con. A discussion then took place as to the disposal of the balance of £336 lie. 10d., which, after payment of all claims, still re- ! mained in the hands of the Committee; and Mr. Matthews moved—"That the available balance be deposited in the Melbourne Savings Bank, in the names of the Hon. G. Bolte, M.L.C., and W. Bayles, Esq, to form the nucleus of a fond for the purpose of establish ing a Sailors' Home in Victoria; the said balance not to be appropriated until an addi tional sum of £1,000 be collected and deposited for the same purpose, the establishment to be free from all sectarian influences." Mr. Joseph Luckey seconded the resolution. Mr. T. Dick son urged the claims of the Sailors' Mission Society to a share of the balance, and suggested that £50 be devoted to it. Mr. Coffey agreed in the proposal to fuud the balance for tbe establishineut of a Sailors' Home, provided the name " Melbourne" was substituted for that of " Vietsria," as he considered the Home ought to be irr the metropolis. Mr. Dickson mored an amendment embodying bis suggestion, which was ;wN$|uded by Mr. James Duwrauce. Mr. WilliamLawranee was of opinion that it would be proper for tbe Committee to wait until they had ascertained that no other persons in Eng land or elsewhere had claims upon the fund, and moved " i hat the balance remain in the hands of the Hon. G. Bolfe, Messrs. W. Sayles and James M'Bsin for 12 months, in order to the relief of any such claims, and tliat the balance then be invested in their names for the establishment of a Home." Mr. J. M. Mouritz seconded this amendment. Mr. Coffey urged the immediate demand for such an insti tution as a Sailors' Home, and deprecated the postponement of the appropriation. 1'lic Chair man observed that the original fund had been collected from persons of all creeds, and that no portion of it could legitimately be applied to the teaching of any particular creeds. The Sailors' Mission was, no doubt, an excellent Society, but the fund was intended for the bodily relief of the sufferers, and not for spiritual instruction. Mr. Dickson modified Ins amendment to the effect that £50 should be devoted to the Sailors' Mission, and the residue to the establishment of a Home. Mr. Law rence's amendment was then put and lost, and Mr. Dickson's was carried by nine votes to three.—Argus. Present to Garibaldi.— The Garibaldi sworJ, which is now finished, is on exhibition at 34, Collins-street west. His Excellency the Governor and a large number of persons in spected the sword on Tuesday, and the general opinion expressed was one of gratification at so satisfactory a specimen of colonial art. The sword has been several times described, but it derives an additional interest from tbe fact of the blade having formerly formed part of the sword of Signor Martelli, a friend and confrere of Garibaldi in the former exciting scenes in Italy some years ago. Mrs. A. Anderson has pr. sented the Committee with a gold sword knot, which is exhibited with the case. A gentleman, hearing that it was desired to in sert two diamonds, to form small stars in the emblematic handle of the sword, but that the expense was an obstacle, on Tuesday presented the Committee with one diamond fitted for the purpose, and it is to be hoped tint the other will not long be wanting.—Argus. Dr. Hunter.—An " indignation meeting" wbb held in the Princess's Theatre, to protest against tbe " disgraceful persecution" of Mr. Alexander Hunter, M.L.A., in detaining him from proceeding to England by the Donald M'Kay. Dr. Bowman occupied the chair. The theatre was about half full. Messrs. Don, . M.L.A., Graham, Berry, Chapmap, M.L.A., and others, addressed the meeting; and reso- . lutions were carried, one of which, after ex pressing sympathy with Mr. Hunter, recom mended the adoption of a memorial lo His Excellency, requesting him to strike Mr. Kerr, the Magistrate who signed the warrant of arrest, off fne Magisterial Boll. The other re solution appointed a Committee to collect sub scriptions to enable Mr. Hunter to proceed to Englaud by the first steamer, so as to allow him possibly to meet his son on his arrival in England by the Donald M'Kay. Both reso lutions were carried nem. con. A vote of thanks was then given to the Chairman, who stated that if the Magistrates had consulted two medical men as to the state of mind of Mrs. Hunter, all the unpleasant circumstances of the case would have been avoided. A sub scription was commenced in the theatre, and several sovereigns and notes were placed upon the table.—Argus. Dr. Jobson.—A portrait of the Bev. Dr. Jobson, dedicated to the ministers and mem bers of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Australia, bas just been published by Messrs. Lawson & Pearson, of Collins-street. Having been engraved from a photograph, the Doctor's friends need hsve no doubt as to the correct ness of the -likeness.—Argus. ■ Immigration Obdebs.—The new immi grations regulations appear to have found favour in the eyes of many persons anxious to import friends from England. On one day no less than £388 of deposits on this account were re ceived in Melbourne. On Wednesday £572, on Thursday £429, and on Friday £355. By the Government receivers and paymasters in the country no less than £618 has been re ceived for the same purpose.—Argus. Thb Camels' Shoes.—A rumour is current that the shoes provided for the camels on the Exploring Expedition had been lefc behind by Mr. Burke's party—some at Menindee, and some in tbe bush. Tbe Chief Secretary, at the request of Mr. Embling, has promised to en quire into the matter.—Herald. Imported Wives.—Twelve fair demoiselles are eaid to have come out under the care of the captain of tbe Great Britain, on her last trip, to "crown, the aspirations of the like number of our colonial Ccelebs—if that is the proper word.—and thuB to be converted into mesdames. That the like may be continued, on many successive trips of that magnificent vessel, would, no doubt, be as much in ac eordance with the wishes of her owners, as with those of the gentlemen thus to be made happy.—Herald. Quartz-Crushing.—Mr. James Harrison, the inventor of tbe machine for manufacturing ice, has lodged with the Chief Secretary the specification of an invention for improvements in crushing quartz and extracting therefrom the gold. The principal alterations from the old mode appear to be a process of dry crush ing and amalgamation by means of vaporized mercury. The plans by which Mr. Harrison economizes both labour and mercury appear extremely ingenious, and worthy of extensive consideration by all persooe—and who are not —interesledfn' qiraHz-mining.—Herald. Prize Wheat.—In return for tbe prize wheat sent hence to Adelaide last year" the Sonth Australian Agricultural and Horticul tural Society have forwarded to the Governor, Sir Henry Barkly, three bags of their best wheat of this season, to promote the friendly interchange of prize samples and superior new varieties, from wbich so much benefit may be derived. These three bags contain four bushels of the wheat from the hill country which took the first prize at the last Adelaide Show, 67} lbs. to the bushel j four bushels of the first prize wheat, grown on the plains, 66 lbs. 14> ozs.; and fonr bushels of. a new and fine ! description of wheat called " Cellaby's purple j straw," and presented by Mr. Frame. This { wheat has been handed over by the Governor to the Port Phillip Society, for distribution among the farmers here. In exchange, the Adelaide Society wish to have a few pounds of the different sorts of grain which took the principal prizes here this year; and these are' to be sent—as many of them, at least, as arc to be obtained so long after tlie Show and con sequent dispersion. It is the custom here to sell all the prize samples of grain by anction at the close of each exhibition, but it is still pos sible to procure small quantities of most of the best kinds. Ohe first prize wheat was from Adelaide; so that need not be sent back again. For the future it would be better to have a clear understanding between the two Societies in regard to these exchanges, so that the best samples may be secured at the proper time.— ArStu. 5 OOlOCEKCIAJi. Mr. W. Lawrence furnishes to the Journal of Commerce the following review of the flour and grain market for the week ending the 2nd Inst,:— The business of /the past week in breadstnfls has been under the average, the departure of the English mail andtbe high rates of carriage to the gold-fields (demanded at the "end of last week) having checked business. In horse-feeding grain the market is generally well sustained, some articles having a tendency upwards, while others are the reverse, and thus approximating as to relative values—results which generally follow in this market, and which prevent any one article being long or speculatively held here while other substitutes can be found. This position is cleariy illustrated by a steady rise in oats, and an equally determined reaction in maize. Flour—Imports for the week are to a moderate extent, and with the exception of a few parcels qnitted at end of last week on terms at previous week's quotations, nothing has occurred to evidence any reaction in prices, or a pressure to selL The sudden rise m carriage to the gold-fields has brought about the usual reaction where extremes meet. The rates demanded this day seem to meet the views of merchants and" store keepers, and the country business will again be resumed. Chilian and Californian flour are well worked out, and American barrel has advanced during the week, closing quotations being as fol low:—Town and country made. 17/. 10s. to I8f,; Tasmanian, 17/. to 17/. 10s.; Adelaide sorts, 17/. 10s. to IS/. JOs.; Hart's and Magarey's superfine, 19/. per ton; United States, 43s. to 44s. per barrel. AVheat—Imports are to an average extent Millers are cautious in their selections, and anv secondary sorts are difficult of sale. Prices rule from 7s. ' to 8s. per bushel, according to qualify and con- , dition. Oats continue &tcadv.; and an inrrMsnl ! consumption is now fully evidenced by the ready j sale any parcels of colonial coming to hand j find, while considerable inroads are now being i made upon the old stocks of imported, parcels of Scotch and Irish finding ready buyers at 2s. Hd. to 3s- while a prime parcel of Hayes's black oats hare changed hands over these quotations. The market closes firmly with a ten dency to a further advance. Quotations are— Scotch and Irish, 2s. fid. to 3s.; Russian, 2s. fid. to 3s.; Dutch and Danish, 3s. to 3s. 3d.; Calcutta, 3s. 3d.; Californian, 3s. (id.; colonial, 3s. fid. to 4s. 2d. Barley—The transactions in this grain are un usually limited. Cape may l>c quoted at 5s. (id. to | (is.; and English malting, (is. to 7s. per bushel. ; Maize—Supplies now come fonvanl, the consump- ! tion having fallen olfi the effect of the recent high prices, and it is now more difficult of sale. On 1st April sales were made at (is. (id.; it is now quoted at 4s. fid. to 5s. per bushel. Gram is un altered, quotations being 13(. per ton. Bran—A steady demand continues at prices ranging from Is. 2)d. to Is. 3d. per bushel. Oatmeal continues in good demand. Imported sorts sell at 181. to 201.; colonial, 251. per ton. Malt—Although prices have not given way. holders seem more anxious to effect > sales. Parcels to arrive have been quoted at 10s. (id. to lis. fid., closing quotation for English being 13s. Cd. per bushel. Hay—Hydraulic-pressed imported hay is in good demand, and prices range from CI. 10s. to 71. 10s. per ton. Potatoes are slightly improved, and prices range from 41.10s. to 51.10s. perton. Onions.—Marketis overstocked, and prices remain at 41. per ton. Estimated imports of fiour and grain at the port of Melbourne, from 25th April to 1st May, inclusiveFlour—South Austra lian, 2S0 tons; Tasmanian, 30 tons; Victorian (coast- ; wise), 45 tons. Wheat—South Australian, 4,500 bushels; Tasmanian, 4,000bushels; Victorian (coast wise), 3,500bushels. Oats.-Tasmanian, 13,508 bush. Maize—From New South Wales, 400 bushels. Bran and Pollard—South Australian, COO bushels; Tasmanian, 800 bushels; Victorian (coastwise), 1,000 bushels. The Argus of (he 4Mi says :— The hay market is still over-supplied with inferior loads, and these arc, if anything, more difficult of sale than before; but good loads are quickly pur chased at full rates. The demand for liay is likely to fall off rather than to improve during the next • two or three months, so that the mowers should avoid overcrowding the market, if possible, or a i considerable reduction of price will have to l>e sub mitted to: but it is not advisable to hold back for a rise, which can scarcely take place, although confidently expected by some. The quantity of liay round Melbourne is fully sufficient in quantity to last until next season, however deficient it may be in quality; and all over the country the supply is abundant, and prices are lower than they are here. Beechwortu, April 2G.—During the past week trade, owing to the wet weather, has been very quiet; but, as the rain lias been general throughout the district, money may lie expected to lie more plentiful, and consequently trade will improve. Flour is ruling about the same, but with a hrmer tendency. Waugaratta flour is delivered in Beech worth at 2W. 10s., above which price few parcels of Adelaide can he placed. Rice lias declined to 28/ and colonial soap to 501. —Constitution. 