MERCANTILE AND MONEY ARTICLE. Wednesday Evening. THE amount of customs duties paid to-day was as follows: Brandy . . . £451 6 T Gin . . . 211 2 4 Whisky . . . 19 3 S Brand . .' . 487 4 0 Wine . . ,"... 62 18 . Ale, porter, and beer, in wood ? oz... 418 0 Tobacco and snuff . ,.,.., 587 i J < Cigars . . . . 78 2 6 Tea . . - . 72 18 9 Coffee and chicory . . 15 15 9 Sugar, unrefined . . 1008 4 9 Molasses .... 0 14 t Pilotage . . . SB S 0 Blues . . . i t t £3180 Iff S Messrs. W. Dean and I Co. held to-day- an extensive sale of sugars, groceries, &c.; There was a good attendance of buyers, and the ' entire cargo of the Juno, from Mauritius, corry sisting of sugars, molasses, walnuts, See., was? < sold at rates highly satisfactory to the importers. The prices obtained for the sugars showed an advance of 20s. to 30s. per ton on last sales. The Nimroud arrived to-day from London, with a cargo of general merchandise. By the Wonga Wonga we have Melbourne papers to the 27th instant. From the Argus we take the following abridged report of the markets : Business since the departure of the April mail has not been of a speculative character, and few changes have taken place. A steady quiet trade has been carried on. Holders of nearly all descriptions of imported goods are seeking full prices, and buyers purchasing carefully, with the exception of one orhvotrlnng' instances where speculation has induced larger transactions.- The intelligence of the continued falling-off in shipments from the home markets brought by the last mail was expected to- have advanced prices, but, although in regard to most descriptions of goods rates are firmer, but little absolute change has occurred, nor is any advance of moment likely to occur at present, The markets generally are well supplied with nearly all descriptions of imported goods, and although no great improvement in prices can be looked for, we apprehend there is no cause for depression in present rates, so long as shipments continue to the same moderate extent. The failure of one or two- firms connected with and engaged in country, trade within the last ten days has awakened the usual amount of uneasiness, but has nevertheless induced a prudent caution to be exercised, which has somewhat limited the extent of business for the last v, cek. Business, however, may be reported healthy, and, with the resumption of Immigration, there is every prospect of an amended and steady trade setting in. Ale in bulk, of beat brands, finds ready sale, and the demand having reduced stocks of this description, prices are very steady. Bulk stout is also in more inquiry, but at this season of the year, consumption is very limited, and quotations are unchanged. Bottled Stout J, Fowler, in brisk inquiry, and of ready sale. Ales in bottle, although quoted at same prices, are somewhat heavy of sale. Quotations are Ale, Bass's No. 3, new, £9-; old, £8 10s j Allsopp's, now, 3 17s for; other Burton, brewers, 96 10s; Byass's bottled, 10s; other bottles', 9s 6d to 10s. Stout, best brands,' 26 10s to £7 ; other brewers, 96 10s per hogs- head ; bottled, Byass's, 10s. Allsopp's, bottled by Friend; quarts,. . 9s 6d to 10s. Flour and Grain The flour market has scarcely undergone any change since our last monthly report, and although less activity prevails, prices are nominally almost the same. The injury sustained by our own crops from the heavy fall of rain whilst the last harvest was gathering in, has rendered a quantity of the crop unfit for grinding purposes, or made it necessary to mix the grown flour, when made, with other descriptions, and a considerable demand has, consequently, existed for imported sorts. It seems, however, that better samples of wheat are now coming forward, and the market being well supplied, inquiry is less active, and prices scarcely so firm. Quotations are Tasmanian flour,. £10 10s to £17 ; Adelaide, £17 to £18 ; ditto, superfine, £18 10s. to £19 per ton; Haxall and Gallego, 42s per barrel. Wheat is at present, owing to the mills being sufficiently supplied, rather dull of sale. Victorian and Tasmanian are quoted at from 6s 6d to 7s; South Australian, from 7s 3d to 7s 6d per bushel. Oats have been, and continue, in steady consumptive demand, and as stocks reduce prices are improving and sustained. Scotch and Irish bring from 3s to 3s 6d ; Californian, 3s 9d; Calcutta, Danish, Dutch, and Russian, from 3s 9d to 3s 9d colonial, 3s 11d to 4s 2d per bushel, Barley, light in stock, and but in little inquiry. Quotations are un-English, for malting, 6s 6d to 7s ; Cape, 5s 4d to 5s 6d per bushel. Malt, owing to con- siderable arrivals, is in less demand and prices are CHEST. Sales are reported of good samples at 5s, but this price is scarcely likely. to be maintained. Maize arrives in very moderate lots, and prices range from 5s 6d to 6s per bushel. Grain is light in stock, but is little inquiry. Holders are asking £13 per ton, which seems to be - ? - above the views of purchasers. Dried fruits generally are in improved demand, and price looking up. New currants are in request. Soft shell almonds in, more inquiry e, indeed, as we intimated in our last summary, with, the close of the season for our own grown fruits, an improved demand, and consequently better prices may be looked for, for all descriptions of dessert fruits as well as for bottled sorts, jams, jellies, year Quotations are Almonds, Jordan, Is 4d; soft-shell " Gd; currants, Patras, 4d to 4d ; raisins, Muscatels (layers),, 5d to 6d; Cape,5dto5Jd. " ' In Groceries there is but little alteration to note. The con- ' tinued arrivals of teas have overstocked the market; and prices have in some degree given way, notwithstanding-arrivals are generally well. held. Any attempt to force sales would be attended by a considerable full, and good management alone can. > maintain prices at even present rates. Coffees are steady ; stocks , moderate, and prices firm. Sugars have been in good demand, and the parcels of Mauritius brought forward have generally met ready buyers at full market rates. At the sale of the cargoes force prices, which the trade, being tolerab'lyivcll-stoeked, . . rejected, and but a small portion only of the cargo was placed. ; Prices of good colour grocery sorts are, however, steady, crystals and low browns being the descriptions which appear likeliest to give way. Rice continues in fair inquiry, and steady in price.- a. large portion of the cargo of Patna, ex Omagh, from Calcutta, was placed by auction, on Wednesday, at £16 10s., with all faults, giving a firmness to quotations for sound samples. Quotations are Teas (duty paid) Congou, good ordinary to fine, £9 10s to £11 per chest ; inferior to ordinary, £6 to £8 10s per chest ; hysonskin, £6 10s per chest ; gunpowder, 3s to 3s 3d ; tins perial, 2s 6d to 3s ; hyson, 2s 9d to 3s ; orange pekoe, scented; 2s 3d to 3s per lb. Cottee (in bond) Ceylon plantation, Is natives lOd ; Manilla, 9d to 9½d per lb. Sugar Cossipore, No. 1, 54s to 55s ; Mauritius, crystallised white, 48s to 50s ; low to fine yellow, 37s to 43s; low to fine brown, 30s to 36s. Rice, Patna, now, 18s. per cwt. . . Salt Present stocks are in the hands of one house, who have the monopoly, and are, consequently, obtaining enormous- rates Coarse salt is quoted at £10 ; fine, at £9 ; rock is very scarce, and saleable, it is reported, at £12 per ton. Spirits There is no alteration to note in brandies. Stocks are gradually reducing, and passing into consumption and thér'o'ís'á steady, although quiet, trade doing. Geneva has come to hand in large" quantities, but demand for best brands is brisk; and prices have suffered no decline. Some little enquiry for whisky has arises, but prices for this spirit, as well as rum and old tom, are without change. Quotations are as follow :-(lu bond) Brandy, Martell's dark, 11s per gallon ; Hennessy's ditto, 10s 6d ditto ; pale, 12s 6d to 13s ! Otard's, 10s ditto ; U. V. Proprietors' ditto, 9s 6d ditto. Geneva JDKZ or key brant, 15s ed per four-gallon case ; ditto ditto, 9s 9d per half-case-; ditto,- other brands, 10s to 13s per case. in London old tom, best brands, 2s 6d per gallon ; ditto, ditto, 13s 6d. per dozen. 1','im-East India, 20 to 30 o.n., 1s 6d to 2s 3d per gallon ; West' India, 10 to. 12oz., 3std ditto; ditto, 20 to 30 o.n., 4s ditto. Whisky Irish, Mehan's 4s 8d ditto; Scotch, best, 4s 9d ditto ditto, best brands, 11s 6d per dozen case. The Argus gives the following extracts, from a private letter, dated San Francisco, 16th March : Since we last addressed you the advices from Europe have been such as to cause a gradual advance in our grain market. For wheat of choice quality as much as 2 dollars 50 cents has ', been paid. This, however, is an outside price; and we quote the general price as from 1 dollar 95 cents to 2 dollars. ' Flour has, of course, participated in the advance. The price just now is 4 dollars 87 cents to-5 dollars for superior ;? 5 dollars. 50 cents to 6 dollars for extra. . Barley is dull, and worth 1 dollar 5 cents to 4 dearer ents for extra quality. Of chevalier barley we quote 1 dollar 30 cents. Oats are worth 1 dollar 35 cents to 1 dollar 40 cents, and are not in much demand. The total amount of last crop exported from this. say from the 6th of August to the 28th of February, was l,O78,2G0 bags of wheat, 56,024 bags of barley, 74,276 bags of oats, 95,918 barrels of flour. Since the 28th ultimo, the Eagle Wing with 400 tons wheat, the Jacob Bell 1100 ditto, Alma 900 ditto, have sailed and there Lookout taking 1500 tons, Marks taking 600, Great Republic taking 3000, are loading. The export of wheat and flour has, therefore, amounted to upwards of 70,000 tons, and there are many mdcrsstill unexecuted, and which are only waiting the arrival of available ships, and for more wheat to come in from the farmers. Our latest advices from your quarter are to the middle of December, and are of such a nature' as to lead us, to believe that you will not require much wheat from us this season. If, however, you do send us any orders, we should recommend you to give very ample limits. Via are at present executing English orders at 55s. per quarter (cost and freight), which is 6s. 10d. per bushel and there are orders here for not less than 5000 tons, at 5s Gd,'or-52s per- quarter, which cannot be executed till prices fall a little. It is difficult to ascertain how much is left in the hands of. the farmers, but, from the large quantity we have exported, we do not think that there can be a heavy block in the country, and we do not look for any material decline in the price before our new crop comes to market. Our prices will then be regulated, in a great measure, by orders which we may have from Europe, -as-it-is now - evident that the European market is the only steady outlet to which we must look to take off our surplus stocks. . Our last crop was a most abundant one, the yield being immense. Our farmers have this" year made every preparation for even a larger crop, so far as the breadth of land under cultivation is concerned, and it remains to be seen what sort of weather we will have, and if the yield proves as good. At present everything " looks promising. Freights are likely to be high, as the import trade has been very had, and the number of ships coming here with cargoes from Eastern ports will be fewer than for some years. We would therefore, I recommend you to send any seeking ships which wait \- car goes for Europe, and which will be willing to take a moderate , freight home. We are just now. paying £2 10s for Liverpool and London, with quick dispatch. Exchange has been fluctuating from 42d. to Sid., character being the rate at which some bills at ninety days' sight were sold. This vessel takes a cargo of oats and a little barley. There is no other ship loading, and we fear it may be some time before we have a direct opportunity of addressing you. In the report of John G. Cohen's sale of groceries, etc, which appeared in our issue of to-day, a slight error occurred, which requires correction, viz., Liverpool salt, quoted as sold at £7 per ton, should have been £12, the salt sold at £7 was dairy. WAGGA WAGGA. During the week the temperature in the earlier and later portions of each day has been most uncomfortably suggestive of the setting in of winter. Great coats and comforters are at a premium. This agreeable - state of things is not materially '?. amended by the prevalence of fogs of a pea-soup consistence, rendering the probability of distinguish- ing a human being from a telegraph post at a, distance of twelve ytwda'remote in this extreme.-Exprmi . "' 