%\t (impire* SYDNEY, MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1861. STEAM, and tho olectric telegraph place, our readers to-day in possession of news from Lon- don only forty-three days old. The intelligence thus conveyed is deeply interesting. The di- vorced States of America have at last come into1 actual collision. When, South Carolina, alarmed for her 'abominable institutions by the election of President LINCOLN, separated her- self from the Union, and headed the movement for a distinct federation. Major ANDERSON, who commanded the. - United States: .troops at Charleston, showed himself to be true to his trust, by occupying Fort Sumter-the strongest' fortress within ibo Charleston waters. - This position he continued to hold up to the. time of the departure of the March mail; but wo now leam that he has' been forced to abandon it. After sustaining far forty hours the fire of tbs batteries in possession of the revolutionists, he was compelled to haul do wn " the 8tai s and stripes," and surrender-to the superior force of the pro- slavery ' secessionists. Wé are as yet ignorant of the precise reason for the inactivity of the United States fleet, which was cruising off the barbour during the engage- ment. Probably,; further advices will show that Major ANDERSON'S continued occupation of Fort Sumter was intended by his Government more in the light of a protest against the secession, than as part of a, plan of military operations against the revolted States. The attitude of President LINCOLN seems more like that of one acting on the defensive, and re- solved to place his opponents in the wrong, than the result of a belligerent resolution. The situation is at present surrounded by diffi- culties. The Slave States are levying troops ; Washington is in a state of tribulation and alarm ; and in both sections of the once great Republic, it is probable that there are thousands whose secret sympathies are with the side to, which they aré ostensibly opposed. The.wild and fratricidal character of this unnatural struggle becomes more apparent at every step of its progress, r The European news is portentous-even alarming. The miserable dispute respecting the affairs of Schleswig-Holstein seems likely to precipitate the once great naval power of Denmark, now far gone in decadence, into a struggle with the highly organised military nation of Prussia. If such a contest were to be fought out without extraneous interference, the issue would not long be doubtful. But ever since the first NAPOLEON meditated a junction with the Danish fleet, arid NELSON anticipated that project by the battle of Copenhagen, France and Denmark have re- garded leach other as allies in case of necessity. Accordingly, our telegram states that the Emperor Of the French was expected to side with the Danes in this quarrel. Viewing such a contingency even in tho most favourablo light, it could scarcely be expected to have a healing effect upon those feelings of jealousy and dis- trust : which England and Fraocö certainly en- tertain toward'* each other, however motives of policymay smother th em. Prussia is now tho only great power remaining of. all those German alliances which it has been the policy, of Eng- land to cherish ; and although the intervention of; France might not load to any immediate action on the part of Great Britain, it could not fail tb be regarded with dislike and alarm. . It is satisfactory to learn that the great leaders of the Italian nation have soldered , their differences, and that GARIBALDI, CAVOUR, and CIALDINI--tho patriot, the statesman, and the soldier-appear to have come to a common' agreement.. The proposed' proclamation of Rome as the' capital of Italy must, force France into a more decisive course than sh o has been recently disposed to adopt in reference - to the Eoman ' question. The Pope, like a piudent man, is setting his house in order, and selects as his successor, in tbe event of a sudden emergency, certainly one of tbe ablest, perhaps one of the" most popular, of his Cardinals. The career of NICHOLAS WISEMAN has prepared the world for such a sélection. Where his abiding place may be, if he ever is called upon to assume the shadow of tho triple tiara, may well be a subject of curious speculation. Any hopes, however, which may have been founded upon the fact, if fact it be, that the late Duchess of KENT died a Roman Catholic, must bo manifestly falla- cious. The report of the conversion, or per- version, of that defunct Princess is not new. The statement wno very ouijüilcuilj- modo como years ago. It is a matter of very little impor- tance to the world of lifo surv'ning what were the latest i hopes and professions of that dead clay. The question has now been carried to n higher tribunal, and man, so far as she,is con- cerned, has rio moro to dd with it. Fresh. troubles are preparing for Austria, and even Iîùs3ia is not free from danger. The insurrection at Warsaw, quenched in blood, has left traces which the Emperor A LEXANDEII may fi nd it hard to effuco. Tho military preparations of General BENEDEIT, .and the counter movements of CIALDINI, . lead to the belief that Venetia will soon be the object* of attack on the part of the Italians. Whenever this occurs, Hungary will rise. It seems as though all the nations of the earth were preparing for a general conflict. The slightest spark will be' sufficient to atari the terrible conflagra ion. No human wisdom or foresight can predict tho consequences, nor does it appear to bo within the power of human prudence and forbearance now to avert them. The monetary and commercial news of Eng- land, taking all these grave circumstances into consideration, is much better than might heve been anticipated. The Bank rate of discount is very materially reduced ; tho funds maintain their price ; the produce markets ero not seri- ously, depressed, and , the Chancellor of the Exchequer proposes a reduction of taxation. There is no country in the world but England that could present, so calm a .commercial aspect in the face of so many combustible elemen's. Not the least gratifying is the fact that tho public securities of this colony con- tinue to, bo in good demand. The liberal tendencies of our local politics, instead of creating' alarm, seem rather to' beget confi- dence ; and this need excite no surpiise. When all' the old systems founded in despotism seem about to crnmble into dust, it is natural that institutions founded upon those inherent rights of man which are in the ascendant should be viewed os the most secure. While New,'South Wales debentures are sold at par, the securities of tho once great Empire of Austria aro scarcely worth the paper that they are written on. The fact is significant, and may be regarded at once as a caution and as a 'sign of the times. PUBLIC opinion, as it exists in this colony at the present tim e, is a very different-if not an entirely opposite-thing from that which went under the same-nome seven years ago, and of which the Legislative Council bf that period' .vas 'the recognised, organ. . It may be said, indeed, to be an' intermediate creation, as dis- tinct from the so-called public sentiment it took the place of, as a living man from an automaton. When Mr. WENTWORTH lost held a; seat in the G ouncil Hall, in Macquarie-street, the people had no voice that found an echo there. Vague popular dissatisfaction, un- doubtedly was a general sentiment at the time, yet there WOB no legitimate medium for its expression- .. The population was cowed, desponding, disunited ; and, although turbulent outbursts nt public meetings occasionally drove' tho 'most valiant of their denouncers to a pre- cipitate retreat,' through "' back doors, the . people . gained , nothing, and could hope to gain nothing by such mean?, albeit * thé ; only means' open to them of making their feelings known, Demonstrations of such a kind only furnished, a handle to the people's..enemies; fox the hatchet .of abuse. " The dirty rabble out of doors''-«* the swinish . multitude"-" the 1 howling idiots" were among the mildest epithets lavished upon the unre- presented working classes by the orators of the Legislative. Council, amid the cheers .of the .Government benches and the crouching silence of.some seven or eight spiritless dissentients. This was seven years ago. How different now the political, atmosphere of. Macquarie-street! How . different the general tone of public opinion. .... But to illustrate this position more forcibly, let us turn our attention to the practical objects avowedly kept chiefly in view. by the Legisla- . ture of that day, as compared with the ends recognised and ostensibly pursued by our present . House of Représentatives. Let us contrast the principles currently received by these governing.bodies respectively, in refer- ence to the two moat important questions be- longing to a British, colony, namely, the con- duct of. immigration, and the disposal of land. In the old state of affairs the management of immigration was supposed to be one of the leading duties of government with a view to sup- ply the lords pf the soil with a cheap labour. In a report from the Select Committee of the Legislative Council on immigration (Commons' Papers, 1849, XT. £32), one of the exigencies of the colony is classed as the immediate de- mand and means for the employment of labour at remunerating rates of wages ; meaning, of course, rates remunerative to the employer. In thia document one of the great squatter poten- tates-whose name we need not mention brings the hardships of an insufficiency of labour to this climax, that in. fact the natural order of society is reversed-the servant be. comes the master, and the master may be said to be a slave 1 It is amusing, hut none the less instructive in regard tb the point under consideration, to look over the Parlimentary Papers relative to immigration of ten years ago. A letter from a clergyman, the Rev. Mr, 'NAYLOR, to bur Legis- lative Council, in 1849, is laughably significant. Complaining of the high rate of wages, he says :-"A settler must give £30 a year for a shepherd, or his . flock will be destroyed." " We want labour "; labour at a reasonable rate," writes the reverend piistor, " the present insuffi- cient supply is tending to produco a total dis- ruption of society. The capitalist and tho em- ployer are the insulted drudges of the persons they are nevertheless forced, a{ any rate, to em- ploy.'' What must have been the prevailing spirit of the legislative body to which a clergy- man addressed an epistle of such a character, it is not Very difficult to divine. But we rather fancy that no gentleman in black would venture upon forwarding a similar communication to the representative chamber of the present day. Even straws like this show which way the wind blows. Documents out of number, might be quoted to exemplify the nairow class spirit which preiominaled in the old co o liai Legislature, and Government. Yice- regal speeches of that era almost invariably contained prominent allusions to the reduction of wage's as a matter for con- gratulation. Not a few of them lay it down as an axiom that tho rate of remuneration for labour denotes the extent of consumption, and the surplus over and above accruing to the employer the amount of accumulation, or, in other words, that the profits of the master alone contribute to the increase bf the national wenltb, the , wi'rking-rnan's share of the pro- ceeds being regarded as so much lost. ! It ia roólly ourprioing that » doctrina SO contrary to every principle of political economy, not to say' of natural justice and common sense, should have been' Buffered to poss for indisputable by the ' liberals'of that period. But GIBBON WAKEFIELD had engrafted upon the political economy of colonisation pro ;. positions still more heretical, without encoun- tering refutation, and, besides the liberalism then in vogue amongst'ourselves, was essen- tially mercenary und vulgar. A radical mayor elect of Sidney in those days, for example, declined granting a hawker's license to a poor man, although highly recommended and other- wise unobjectionable, because he had only re- cently quitted hired service. Such was demo- cracy out of doors-sordid, grovelling, and un princip'ed.. Instead, of being a check it was a counterpart, instead of being an antagonist it was a rival, of the selfish spirit enthroned within tho walls of the Council Chamber. It would tax the patience of our readers to trace the workings of that mean spirit through the records of ,the Council'3 proceedings. The evidence taken before select committees would furnish, perhaps, the bret exposé, by reason of tho chosen witnesses speaking without reserve. One of,them, for .instance, enters into a detailed account of the expedients " had ecourse. to . by him for . knocking off r the allowance of tea ? and sugar to bis shepherds and hutkeeperB, calculates.the saving made thereby and the further saving that would be practicable after a proper stream of immigration, and, evidently, .tinder, the full aesurance that he was imparting information of the highest character and of the most welcome kind. It is almost needless to say that scenes like these-so closely resembling a conspiracy against the rights of the mass of the population -could not be enacted now. No such yice-regal speeches could or would be framed-po such evidence before select committees sought for or tendered-no such Parliamentary reports and' recommendations forwarded to the parent stole. ,And why? Because we have now a public opinion which ; not only pervades the colony, and finds expression in the,Press, but meets with a,triumphant echo within,the walls of Parliament. The present state of the two great questions alluded to, in relation to popular senti- ment, and Parliamentary action regarding them, bear witness to tho change which has taken place. Shall we abide by and make the most off all that has been won by this peaceful revolution, or shall we retrograde at the bidding'or through the contrivances of the Tory party to the old 3tate of things ? That is the question.; - It may not be definitely, proposed to the population ; for under, our constitutional forms the Napo- leonic device for.voting Yes! or No 1 can not bo had recourse to, and would certainly meet with a.very, different response from .the French one, if . it could ;-neither, perhaps,, does the practical answer in preparation for it involve the. alteration of Jibexal forms-yet the question comes home of itself to every.man who feels an interest, in : the colony'at ftb.is political crisis. The solution will.be; found,¡to soma extent, in the composition of /the Upper .House .;, yet, whatever that may. torn out,to be, political re trcgression will be found impossible. That crea- tion willi only determine; the fact by the limited extent ^.of: its own capacities, ;¡ but will not, and can not, form a fall and final I answer to the question. ; 