MEN OF MARK.—No. VI. SIR HENRY BARELY, K.C.B. Sir Henry Barkly, K.C.B., the present Governor of Victoria, arrived by the Oneida, the first ship that came here belonging to the European and Australian Steam Navigation Company, in December, 1856. On the separa- tion of this colony from New South Wales, on the 1st July, 1851, Charles Joseph La Trobe, Esq., was appointed Lieutenant-Governor, he having acted as Superintendent from the 30th September, 1839. On this occasion Mr La Trobe and the official staff were sworn in ; the first levee was held, and the inhabitants entered with great spirit into the rejoicing that took place on the declaration of the inde- pendence of Victoria. Immediately the elec- tions for the new Parliament were held in the different districts, and St. Patrick's Hall being rented as the Parliament House, the representatives assembled on the 11th November, 1851, and the Lieutenant-Governor delivered his first speech in an assemblage of the leading persons of the colony. It was at this time the first gold discoveries at Ballaarat were made, and the whole population were in consequence thrown into a state of bewilderment and as- tonishment. While the Legislative Council was first assembling, the further discovery of the Mount Alexander gold-field was reported, which imme- diately produced a vast immigration from all quarters. Ten thousand immi- grants were actually in one week landed in Melbourne, and the popula- tion rose in an incredibly short period from 80,000 to nearly double that num- ber. The total revenue for 1851 was £380,000, but at the end of 1852 it reached £1,577,000. Mr La Trobe resigned his appointment ; and in May, 1854, took his departure for Europe, when the then Colonial Secretary, J. V. F. L. Foster, Esq., administered the affairs of Government, till the arrival of Sir Charles Hotham, K.C.B., on 21st June, 1854. This was the period when this colony was at the height of prosperity, and the old settlers found themselves enabled to live luxuriantly as absentees. In 1855 the estimates reached the enormous amount of £4,101,293. Sir Charles HOTHAM died on 31st December, 1856, When Major - General Macarthur, commander of her Majesty's Forces, became, by the provisions of her Ma- jesty's commission, Acting Governor, and exercised the functions of both offices till the arrival of Sir Henry Barkly. The announcement of the Queen's assent to the New Constitution reached Victoria in the end of the year 1855, but more than a year elapsed before the provisions of the new form of Governmentwere brought into opera- tion. On the 21st of November, 1856, the two Houses of Legislature were convened by proclamation of the Act ing Governor, General Macarthur, in the present Legislative chambers, on the 25th of November, and his Excel- lency gave, what was in reality the Ministerial speech in opening the first free Parliament. Sir Henry Barkly, on his arrival, was re- ceived with the customary demonstrations of loyalty, and with the usual formalities atten- dant upon his high position. In many respects his antecedent career augured favorably for his future connection with the colony. He had already exercised the responsible powers of the Governorship of important colonies. Sir Henry Barkly was born in 1815. He is the son of Æneas Barkly, Esq., an eminent merchant of London, descended from a junior branch of the family of Berkley of Mathers. In 1840 he married Elizabeth Helen, daughter of J. P. Timins, Esq., of Hilfield, Hertfordshire, and has issue three sons and one daughter. The lamented death of Lady Barkly, at Toorak, on 17th April, 1857, took place under circumstances that excited universal sympathy on his Excel- lency's untimely bereavement. During the short period that her Ladyship had resided amongst us her amiable qualities had won the affectionate respect of all classes. Sir Henry Barkly's political prosperity was due in a great measure to his father's con- nection with property in the West Indies. The "firm" to which he belonged, we believe, pos- sessed large estates in Jamaica, St. Vincent, and in Demerara, which underwent serious muta- tions by the passing of the Emancipation Act. Under these circumstances Sir Henry Barkly was sent out by the firm to ascertain the actual facts following the introduction of that important measure, and to report his observations for their guidance. On his return SIR HENRY, BARKLY, K.C.B., GOVERNOR OF VICTORIA. [From a photograph by FRITH.] to England Sir Henry Barkly entered the British Parliament as member for Leominster in Herefordshire in 1845, and retained his seat until 1849. He took a prominent part in the memorable debate in 1846 upon the "Customs and Corn Importation Acts"—making on the eighth night a calm and lucid speech in re- viewing the commercial policy of Sir Robert Peel's Government, which he supported on the division. About this time the political con- dition of the West Indies gave the home authorities a good deal of annoyance. In Demerara the Government had fallen into a state of general disorder, which perniciously affected the whole community. The inhabi- tants had grown very much dissatisfied with the routine selection by her Majesty's advisers of either naval or military men for the appointment of governor, and a power- ful party insisted that the future choice should be made from the local mercantile circles acquainted with their actual requirements, and by experience competent to deal practically with their aggravated griev- ances. These views of the disinterested colo- nists were laid before the British Government with so much urgency that at length their re monstrances were too formidable to resist, and Sir Henry Barkly was called upon to solve the experiment in obedience to their proposals, being, on the 12th December, 1848, appointed Governor and Commander-in Chief over British Guiana, and his arrival in Demerara, identified as he was with the country, was greeted with great popularity. Sir Henky Barely assidu- ously directed his attention to the state of his new government, and by the prompt and vigo- rous way he made himself master of their dif- ficulties, he had the gratification of rapidly bringing the affairs of the colony into a satis- factory condition. At this juncture the political disorders in Jamaica were no less embarrassing and unsatisfactory to the British Govern- ment. The success attending Sir Henry Barkly's procedure as. Governor of British Guiana therefore commended him to the Home authorities for still higher services. He was accordingly transferred to the government of Jamaica, being appointed Captain-General and Commander- in-Chief in and over the island of Jamaica. and dependencies, 9th August, 1853, receiving also at the same time the distinction of being created a Knight Commander of the Bath. He continued for three years in this appointment, and his administration was a source of congratulation to all classes of colo- nists. At the termination of this period Sir Henry Barkly was induced, with a view to his own family affairs, to ask for leave of ab sence from the Queen's Government, on which occasion all parties in the island hastened to present addresses to him, expressive of their confidence in his administration of his important office. Her Majesty's Govern- ment, however, at once announced to Sir Henry Baekly that the Queen bad been pleased to order his appointment as Captain General and Governor-in-Chief in and over the colony of Victoria, 29th September, 1856. Sir Henry Barkly's connection with this colony has been, however, under circumstances which afforded him little opportunity to acquire personal distinction. Under the Constitution the initiation of measures, and the entire responsibility of the policy of the State, rests with the Ministry of the day, and the Governor's interposition is really limited to his functions as the accredited representative of her Majesty's colonial service, and confined for the most part to his instructions, as defined in her Majesty's commission. The several Governors are similarly placed in all the British colonies where there is an established Legislature, and the only exceptions are found in Gibraltar and British Kaffraria, in which the Legisla tive power is vested in. the Governor alone, and Heligoland, which remains under the old Danish law. The diffe rent ranks or classes of Governors are appointed to their offices by commission on behalf of the Queen, and during her Majesty's pleasure. Their appointment is limited in its duration to a period of six years from the assumption of their functions, but her Majesty's Govern- ment reserves to itself the power of prolonging that period. In the duties that properly appertain to his Excellency, Sir Henry Barkly has acquitted himself with considerable tact and discrimination. He interferes with circumapection in our party move ments, while he extends, his patronage to,, the literary, scientific, and philan thropic institutions of the colony, with an evident desire to promote the best interests of society. In the hospitali- ties of Toorak, as the representative of her Majesty, he exercises the legitimate social influence of his dignified station. His Excellency has married again, to Annie Maria, only daughter of General Thomas Simson Pratt, K.C.B., Commander of the Forces in Australia. At the present time it is understood that Sir Henry Barkly retains his appointment, at least for some time to come, at the express com- mand of her Majesty's Government. Sir Henry Barkly has witnessed amongst us the progress and the ob- stacles of self-government. He has beheld the development of the energies and enterprise which mark the character of our colonial life. He had seen the settled habits aiid improvements that distinguish our population, and he has observed the struggles, the fortitude, and the intelligence with which the people sustain the labor of realising for themselves the civilising advan- vantages of a popular constitution ; and through out these unparalleled and exciting events Sir Henry Barkly has borne with him the loyal esteem of the community. The New Bridge at Wagga Wagga.—The bridge across the Murrumbidgee, at Wagga Wagga, was opened for traffic on Monday week. It is the enterprise of twenty-nine private indivi- duals, and an important link in the highway com- munication between the north and the southern border of New South Wales. 