SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Tho history of tho month contros in the Land Bill, now progressing through tho Legislative Assembly. On tho 4th inst., the second reading was affirmed, after a keen debate of four nights, by a majority of thirty-eight to twcnty-aix in favour of the Government. A vote so decided may bo taken as insuring the final eucccss of this measure. The ma- jority oom prised members of all hliados of opinion, thus proving that the bill is fairly entitled to tho character which we have given it, of being a liberal and cquitablo compromise be- tween conflicting interests. The op- position to it is made up of tbo ex Ministers and their immediate adherents, who are bound not to see any good in the bill, and tho extreme representatives of the domooraUo section, who view with alarm any prospect of tho question being taken out of the field of agitation. By the people at large, of all olasscs, the bill has been aocepted, aa offering the best possiblo solution of a long-pending difficulty. While doing justice to tho present licensed occupiers of the soil, and to the largo and impor- tant pastoral interest whioh has grown up under the authority of the Imperial Orders iu Council, the bill moat amply provides for the spread of an agricultural population, and throws open all the best public lands for immediate selection and settlement. Tho bill in committee has bcon ex- posed to several serious assaults by tha Opposition, but, hitherto, the Ministry has been strong enough to defeat any chango of tho principle of the meapuro. A motion by Mr. Ileales, the ex-Chief Secretary, having for its object freo selection bufore survey throughout tho whola colony, was defeated by a ma- jority of thirty-seven to nineteen ; and a more insidious proposition by Mr. Service, for freo selection over the ton million acres reserved for agricultural settle- ment, has been also rojeoted. The tomb clause is maintained as it originally stood. In i<\--, whilo the Government definitely outs asido ton million aorca of the best land in tho colony for agricul- tural settlement, at a low fixed price, it promises that four million acres shall bo surveyed and made available within the next threo months, and that noS less than two million aores shall remain con- stantly on selection, in advanoo of the demand. Ia the mean timo, and until the der/iaud is shown for these lands for agricultural purposes, it is not proposed to suspend the issuo of tho usual pastoral licences over tho pro- claimed areas. Two other amendments, proposed by Mr. Wilson Gray, and in- tended to alter the oharaotcr of the bill -ono Lo reduce tho maximum sizo of the allotments to bo surveyed from G40 to 320 aorcs, and another to divido eaoh allotment iuto four instead of two parts, so as to make tho first pay- ment fivo instead of ton shillings, and to prolong t,he subsequent payments of the balance of the purchase-money have also been rejected by narrow ma- jorités. These deoisions of tho Houbo servo to indicate that the general fooling is in favour of the Govornmont mea- sure in its integrity ; and there is every prospect of the bill boiuß successfully carried to a termination, at least so fili- as regards its provisions for agiioultiiral settlement. Ou the question of the tenure to bo granted to the squatters over the unoc- cupied teirilory of tho colony, ii- ia pro- bable that thero will bo a closer and moro determined contest. Already several amtndmonts aro tlncatencd on the portions of the bill rela- ting to pastoral oeoupation. The bill proposos, as maybe .omen-bored, to con- tinuo to tho present pastoral tenants of the Crown yearly lioences, at a rent fixed by the Board of Land and Works on the grazing capabilities of eaoli run. Tho interests of the publio are protected, as at present, by tno stipulation that every run may, whon required, bo sold, or leased, or made a common, or occupied for mining purposes, under the authority of Parliament. To this par!, of tho bill an objeotion is mado by somo of the Opposition, that it virtually confers oí the fcquatter tho perpetual tenure of his run, and that it endows him with sonto rights not hitherio existing, and not derived from any present law or convention. Thoro is also a sec- tion of the Houso whioh _ advocates a subdivision of tho proaont pa3tor.1l runs, and a virtual redistribution of what- ever rights and advantages have accrued to tho squattors under their tenancy. On tho other sido, it is contended that tho tcnuro given to the squatters is only temporary, and is liable to be resumed at any time by tho state-that their possession is only continued over lands which aro -unprofitable for any other sort of occupation and that, looking to tho naturo of the olairaa which have already acorued, and to tho faot that the Fquatters have at least an arguable case in their favour, in respect of fonnor laws on their behalf and pledges still unredeemed by tho public, it is not oithor just or politic to displaoo them by any other olpsa of ocoupicrs, or praotioally to destroy their oooupation by permitting the publio to go in and pick out all the bssfc lands throughout the colony. It is urg-d that those who advocate a redivision of tho runs ore thomselves the woi-fc enemies of tho bona fide settlor, seeing that suoh a re division would give a fresh tonuro to tho new olass of squatters oreatod, and that this now clxss, being more numerous and powerful, will bo a moro formidable impediment in the way of agricultural settlement than tho few large squatters who now cxiüt upon sufferance. The de- pressed condition of' all squatting pro perlyattheprcscntmomonfcis initsclf the beBt argument in favour of tho squatters. It indioatcs tho injury whioh has been do.no by the general sonso of insecurity promoted by tho uncertainty of tho land law; tho frequent ohanges of Govern- ment, and the language held in Parlia- ment by somo of tho professed leaders of the people. It is admitted on all hands that the maximum amount of benefit is not derived from the pastoral lands of the colony, either by the state or by tho individual ; but the ob- vious reason for this is, that tho squatter has no inducement to extend or improve his industry, and that ho is unable, therefore, to pay as much to the state as he would othorwiso bo ablo" to do. Putting out of sight any question of right to dispossess the old squatters in favour of the new, to sub- divide the runs would bo to unscttlo still more evory description of property, while multiplying the number of those who aro believed to be the impediments to settlomont and tho enemies of the peoplo. Q1ho'proposal to^limit the tenure given to tho squatters-that is, to give leases of fivo, seven, or ten years, instead of annual licences-comes strangely enough from the party which is the bitterest in its auti-squatting autipathies. Had the squatters proposed any such measuro, there is no doubt that they would have boon overwhelmed with abuse for their greediness and selfishness. And it is a singular proof of tho virulence of party-fooling in this colony, that the very, arrangement by whiob. tho squat- ting tenure is made temporary and transient, and whieh looks forward steadily to the appropriation of tho lands for agriculture, is assailed by tho dom'ocrats as being made in the express intorest . of tho squatters and their frionds. .. It is impossible lo prediot what may bo the ultimate fato of the new Land Bill/ but wc may venture to believe that it will not be much altered in its pro- gress through the two Houses. And, for the first time in our history, there is at length something like a défini ¡o assurance that tho land question will be sottled in a legal, constitutional, and equitable manner. Tho passago of the bill will afford every possible encouragement to tho immigrant, by placing at his choice tho best lands of tho colony, at a modorato price, with- out oompotition: and it is confidently expeoted that tho next yoar will witness anothor great inflaxof population to our shores?. Thoro is no political event of any im- portance to chronicle, except what relates to tho progress of the L.and Bill. The Ministry remains firm in its seat, whilo the Opposition is showing signs of a gra- dual disintegration. As at present oon atiiuted, there is no doubt that the presont Government is tho ßtroDgcsfc which has ever held office in this ooun try ) and in spite of ono or two recent blunders, there seems evory probability of its continuing i_ the public wnti dance, at least beyond tho allotted term of colonial Ministries. The appointment of Mr. H. S, Chap- man, tho member for Mornington, to be a puisne-judge of the Supreme Court, has given general dissatisfaction throughout the country ; not only from tho peraonal character of that genÜeoiín, but from the politioal circumstances connected with his elevation. Mr. Chapman has no qualifications, by ability or exporicnoo in lila profession, to bo a judgo ; and, as a politioian, he is cvon moro ob- jectionable. When the January mail left our waters, con- siderable anxiety existed as to the stato of tho re- lations of Britain and the FedcralStates; and tho arrival of tho English December mail was looked f orv> ard to « ith interest by all olasse3 of our popu- lation, As timo passed, and opportunity wits givan for reflection on tbo gravo character of the nowa by the November mail, undisturbed by the excitement of later information, it was hoped that the Government at Washington would disavow the notion of the commander of the San Jacinto, in stopping a British mail stoamor and making pri- soners four of her passengers. It was believed that a serious difficulty would thus bo got over without deplorablo consequences ; and the provr.lont impresbion amongst tho nu- merous citizens of tho United States resident amongst us was that thoir countrymen would not commit the folly, with a civil war on their baeds, of driving England over to the side of thoir enomy. By successive arrivals from California, however, fragmentary news by tele- gram from Now York to San Francisco has been received, to considerably Iator dates than those to hand by the November mail, and tbb comments of tho American preBS on the San Jncinto's achievement have not been of a reassuring cha- racter to those who hoped for peace. English journals, to the 30th of November, received by the Suffolk, have added to the fear that war is impending. In these circumstances, an unfortu- nate dotontion of tho December mail has almost assumed tho character of a calamity. Duo in Melbouruo on the 0th instant, tho mail is still unroported, Tho branoh steamer has not re- linked from King Georgo's Sound, ?.'"} t]l0 dPtPQ-1 tion, thoreto.re, is not on tho Australian coast, No suoh delay has before occurred sinco tho con- tract for tho mails parsed into tho banda of tbo Peninsular and Oriental Company, and that it should have happened to a mail which probably carries tho most important nowa conveyou by any mail for years past, ia an ncoident much to bo roiriotted. Sineo the arrival of tho November mail, tho defences of the colony have boen the snbj'cct of oomo disoussion in tho House, and the lirac vole proposed in Committee of Supply was for the completion of tho batteries no.v in couise of con- struction under the direction of Captain Scratch ley, U.U., and additions to military buildings, guu-Bhede, &e.; Since then, Captain Seratohley'e report on tho dofenccs of tho bay has boen pub- lished, and it ia considered entirely satisfactory. They may not bo of a character to resist the attack ot a fleet, but they aro quite sufficient to securo tlio port and harbour of Melbourne, in tho event of a war, from a flying visit fromiauy modern Paul Joiva. ^A rolurn baa since been furnished to Parliament (but, for prudential reasons, not printed) of tho number of large and email guns, and small arma, in tho colony, and the grand total ia entirely reasauring na to tho quautily and quality of tho material that could be bronght into play by tho military nuthoiitioa, with tho help'of the volunteers, should occasion demand tho Borviees of soldiery in the field. The same causo of anxiety baa led to tho entertain im; of the question whether a militia bill should not bo introduced, und n resolution affirming that it is t,ho duty of the Government to lay Buch a measure boforo Parliament has boen placed ou tho notice-paper by a private raomber of the Legislativo Aarembly. Amongst the measurea which have passed tho third reading in the Lower House of Pailiaraont aro those introduced by Government remitting the residence-tax hitherto imposed on the Chinese, and to abolish tho poaaont;cr-tnx. A privato member-Mr. Levi-baa introduced a bill, baaed on tho recommendations of a select committee of tho Assembly, to amend tho lawa relating to insoivoucy, nnd to chango the system of ad- ministering the estates of insolvents. It ia generally admitted that a bill of this charactor is much needed. Another privato member-Mr. Sorvieo-has obUtnod leave to introduco Torrona' Real Proporty Act (to amend the laws relating to tho tranafcr of real property), and the Attorncy Genoral has pivon notice of motion for leave to introduco a bill to create a registry of titles io Land which shall hereafter bo ahenatod from tho Crown, and to facilitate tho transfer of tho samo. Tho Dirorco Act Amondment Bill (to legalize divorce after desertion forfivojears on the part of husband or wife) has been suspended for a time in ita passage through the Legislativo Council, Rfter paining through committee. Tho poatponemont of tho third readintr. for a month took plaoo at tho lnatauco of Mr Pultowa, who persuaded t.o House that great letal difficulties might arise from the laws of Victoria and Eng- land differing in bo important a matter as duorco Tho long continued contest between the mum eipahty "nd puople of Lmerald Hill and tho Hobaon s Bay Railway Company, na to the eon atruction of bridges or the foirantion of levul cro"Bin aoon to corni to an end Last Bession a select coinmitteo was appointed to take evidence and roport, with a view to the final determination of tho question On Thursday last the committeo was reappointod It embraces several ot tho loading membeis of the Cabinet and of the Houso and it ia understood that their roport will bo submitted within tho next fow day« In all l probability tilt recommendations of thi -com mitteo will bo ateepted by bo h parties in tho dispute, and thua a question will be amicably set i tied whioh at ono tinto throa'encd to mvolio j largo expenses to both parties, andu depreciation m tho valuó of au important private propnity Both parties will havo reason to rejoice over the termination of au old, vexatious, and e-cponsivo dispute The seat vacatod by the elovation of Mr H S Chapman to a puisno jud reshij), in plato of Sir Redmond Barry, is to bo tonttsted on Mouday ue\t Two candidates oin i_ tho field-ur "\I Culloch, who waa Trevuiror in Mr Nioholson's Governnent, and a publican nami ti Notley, who coil a foi wai d as an opponent of the Goveiumtut, and the Land Bill Tho con test, in all probability, will terminate m Mr M'Culloeh a election Two nppointmenta by tho Council of tho Uiuvoraitj of Molbouruo havo led to pome remarks, and tho distusjioii of the quos tion, whether the constitution of tho conn ii ia nof msctpiiblo of chantes of a desir able chiirr-ctcr The first of theio nenn nations waa that of Dr Macadam to the lectureship on chemistry, and tho second that of Mr Webb, Governmonf shorthand wnter (a barrister of some year or twos Blanding and himself a law student but latoly), to tilt lecture ship on law, rendeicd \a°ant by the acte tion of Mr Chapman to the bench Neither a îpoiiit mont ia likely to advance tho mtoreats of the University, or raise its reputation among tho Beats of learning Tho commission npnointod by the hto Gol ern ment-of which Majoi General Pratt w is chair man-to mq uro into the causea ot tho failure of the la'o Victorian Exploring L\pcdition, ha.o agreed to a report, after heariu" all Hie ciidcnco uvailable lue document ha*i b"en placed in ti o hands of the Chief Socrc'aij, and was laid before Parliament last ni'ht The commissiorers ex preis disaatisfaetiou with almott all the i rrange monta a_d throw conjure pretty freely on all concerned n ith tho mana emoiitof the Lxpodi I tiou Mr Burke ia blamt fordiiiilinghiR] nr y, and advancui- from Cooper b Creek before he had ascei tamed ti at communication waioiened botween the depot party thero nn 1 Mcnmdie, and the lender of the sneond pai ti (Mr Wn_ht), to whom ti o opening un of that communies ion waa entrusted by Burl o, ia soi erely condemned Ou that point, at lea t, tho publie will unanimously endorso thi conclusions of the commisioners. Communications haio been rceeiied from Howitt's party lately sent out to lirmf doTii from Coopera Caok the rom una of Luikoand Wills the gallant but unfortunate leaeleis of the Ccrpontanin Expédition-Victoria t, first heioea lho parly \ ore follow uiB a newroutofrom Menin die to Coopor a Crock, huvnif, ascended the Darling to a hiphci point than waa done by Lurko, and then follovfud a moio tas eily c^uroo than that previous ex[ edition This route had been leeom mended bj experienced bu«h_icn, who had found a well prassod and watered rcgiou to a h gh lntitudo, in a longiKido two or threo degrees t ut of the trae'r. hitherto folb it 1 to Coopor a Cieek Mr Howif had found hu, ad\ ance so faeiltited by abundance of water that ho would rcath Coopor s Crotk in a Hpuc. of lune scarcely longer than that m which Burkocro3ocd from Meni-die The recent experience of puya o explora ion parties in the locality which Mr Howitt is now tiaveicing baa shown that the desert is limited on the oast al noot by tho track lakou by Burke, »nd na it3 limita on tho west wero prenoualy known by Stuart a explorations, a id aa Burke ascertained ita northern bounda, tho outlmos of Start's de ert aio njw measure*! a, It ¡r-nnh leas exiciiiuv- « _ lomidalilü than had been sup wed One of tho most unfriotirablo features in tho geography of central Alia raha, aa hitherto undeiatojd, ia thua romoved Womny add, while on tina eubjtot, that a trmpnnj ia no\ in courso of foirnation in Melbouno, for the pur pose of takln/, up for colonization tho oouiitry discovered by Burke to the north of'Coopoi s Creel It has been ascertained within the last few days, that another misfortune has occurred in connexion with the late Victorian Exploring Expedition. It will be recollected that when Brahe's depot party returned from Cooper's Creek, and before the fate of Burke was ascer- turned, various searching expeditions were or- ganized. H.M.C.S. Victoria was despatched to the Gulf of Carpentaria, to examine the southern shores of the Gulf, to await the arrival of Walker's overland party of blacks, and to form the depot for Landsborough's land party, sent out by the Queensland Government to search the country along the banks of the Albert River for traces of Burke. Landsborough's party, with their horses and stores, were despatched from Brisbane by the brig Firefly. Nothing was heard of the Victoria, or the Firefly, or the two store ships which accompanied or followed the Victoria since they departed, now some six months ago, until Wednesday last, when the Chief Secretary received a mesage from the Treasurer of Queensland stating that a brig sent from Melbourne some months ago to recover copper from a wreck in Torres Straits, had re- turned to Moreton Bay, and reported the dis- covery of the wreck of the Firefly on Booby Island, or an island near to that well known island. Traces of an encampment were found, with the bodies of horses, sheep wandering about, &c.; It was apparent from the appearance of the wreck, that the Firefly had never reached the Gulf, and no information could be obtained as to whether the crew and passengers had made their way to the mainland, or had been rescued by a passing ship, or had been found and taken on to the Gulf by the Victoria. Booby Island is known as " the Post-office," passing ships calling there to take up or deposit letters, and there is every probability, therefore, that the Firefly's company have been fallen in with, and will be heard of from some one of the Indian ports, if not from the northern district of Queensland or on the return of the Victoria, which is expected in the course of next month. In another column will bo found a roport of an exhibition of ( lain and otho farm produce, held yeateiday, under tho auspices of tho Port Philip Socioty Tho abo v waa contributed to mainly through tho local ftrraers societies, at the u s anoo of tho Uoyal Commibsioners of tho Exhibition, with a mow to a lit solcotion of the agricultural pto luots of tho colony of tho present harvest, for show in tho Viotonan Depart mont of tho Great Exhibition in London These contributions " " l)0 for>v»rded by tho steame* wnitli caine i tho present m" The improvements effected in the Royal lJtrk by the Acchmutis ition Soeiotj are now rapidly approaching completion, mid tho muñirla, birdp, and tish m chatfo of tho society have been re- moved to tho new quaitors provided foi their. Tho sooiety continues lo rceeivo largo publie support, and its operations mo extending widolj. Scarcely a (lav pauses that from soino distant patt aomo dcsuablo conlubutions are not re coived, to add hereafter largely to the resources of tho colony, while local tupportois of tho society nro not loss ictivo m sending in presents of nitivo animals and birds, whioh aro ngiin despatched to corresponding societies, faci- lities for the purposo bcinc» freely and liberally granted by almost ovory nhip which leaves tbo port It is satisfactory to know that, on a recent examination, tho English tish introduced sumo months ago wero found to bo in good health, and m increased numbers A similar result hits been obsorved in Taimama, where the arrival of tho Eilmon ova, which, it is supposed, waa do »patched from Un¿land in December last, is inxtouflj looked for. The 1st day of April has been named for the opening of an extension of the Murray River Rail- way between Woodend and Malmesbury, and soon afterwards the Geelong and Ballarat line will be opened for traffic. About July the Murray River line may be opened between Malmesbury and Sandhurst. The only obstacle is the great via- duct at Taradale, which is now being energetically proceeded with. A question has been raised in the country districts as to whether the balance of the railway loan fund should be expended on the extension of the Murray River line northwards from Sandhurst, or on branch lines such as that proposed between Castlemaine and Maryborough, a doubt having been expressed as to whether the amount available from the loan will be sufficient to complete the Murray River line to Echuca. Mr O Shanassy has stated, however, on the part of the Government, that the country is pledged to com- plete the line to Echuca. The gradients between Sandhurst and the Murray, it may be remarked, are of the most favourable character, the country being almost a dead level between the two points. Within a few hours after tho dopaituro of the January mail, a great surpnso carno upon tho community of Melbourne by the disappearance of tho Rev. Dr. Barry, tbo principal of St Patrick's (Roman Catliol o) Collogo It has since been ascortainod that the pcoumary nffulrs ef (he collcgo had fallen into confusion, and that Dr. Barry's spiru had brokon down under tho pressifro of creditors' demanda which ho was uuablo to most, 11 o went on board a ship bound for Gallo, which sailed lato m January. Tho debts fif the collego wero at first supposed to be about -£G,000, but it is now understood that tliu amount is not so largo, and it is not supposed that / Dr. Barry carried with Jiim my considonblg amount of money. The All England Eleven aro now on a visit to Tasmania, from wnich thoy will return in i few days to play throe or four matches in Victoria before departing for England bj the Maroh mail steamer. They bavo been uniformly suocei*ful, oxcopt in tho match played at Sjdiioj against a united twontj two of Now South Wales and Vic- toria, wbioh thoy lost, after boino splendid fioldim; in tho second innings, moro through tho unbounded hospitalities of Sjduoy than through the superiority of the Austi allan players, though tho twontj-two wero an uncommonly strong toam. No doubt the *' AU England Elcvon " will do thoir best to recover thoir laurels in tho closing match against twontj-two of Victoria, unless, indeed, they are worn out befon. tho match comes on ly the wces&ant; denimel on then sorviecs which has boen forced upon Messrs Spiers and Pond by tho anxiety of the colonists to bavo tLo pleasure tiud fjlorj of a m-tohwith Ik conquering Lnglifikuien Au Austrulmn di iraoud has been sent to Am- sterdam, to bo out by tbo cxpoiionced dnmond eultors of that city It is tho first of our native diamonds which has been scut home for the pur- pose The stone wcie.hu three ¡,rams, ard was recently purchased by Mr. Crisp, of Queen street (formerly of Loudon). It was found at the Otons, and ib of lino colour ind lustre Mr. Crisp's objeot is that tho gem, pissing through tho most oxpeiiouced hands, may bo reported upou, and the true character ind value ef tho Victorian diamonds for tho fiat time ascer- tained The Otp go gold fields continuo to yield larpcly, and considerable amounts of tho precious metal oontinuo to bo nceivod in Mclbourno and Sjduoy by tho various stoameia which arm o from Port Chalmers A largo and important trade has sprung up between tus port and Dunedin, m con- sequence. Victorian d ggers, how over, aro now returning m largo numbers-many of thom successful-the weather m ¿\ew Zealand hating beon found too severo to bo horne, with tho dotlcient hupplies of wood obtainable m Otago. Tbo approach of wiuter, it is expectod, will dnvo \ ery largo numbera of mine«, from tbo now gold- fields, for n lonj winter season lit lenat Another unfoituna.e eaiitnltj is reported from Otago-the burning of tbo flue Blaok Ball c'ipper ship Ocean Ohiof, in Bluff Harboui, well known in the Liverpool and Melbourne trade. A juiy of shipmasters found that tho 1 io had benn wilfullj eausjd, but a lart,o reward it onco offered by Cnp mu Blown his nByet failed to leitl to I bo approlien ion of the nicendiarj Tiom Auol I mil, tho intelli 'euee is still of an» uncertain and unsatisfactory character. Whether pcaco or war is to be expected cannot bo m ido out fiom the atti'udo of tbo nativo tribes Sir Gcorgo Giey is stt tdily followin¡. up tho comso of policy bo 1 na down oa nsäuumg tho govern- ment. So far it has led to no collision with tho mines, but that result lin», nppnientlj, been m ttei of acci lent Ear'y in the prerenl mouth tbo steamship Great Brit"in, Captntn Ginj, e tiled for Liverpool, by v ay of tho Cape of Good Hope Sho ha J 550 patoei "era on board, and (.old exceeding a quai ter of a million stilling m v tino. THE GOLD IIFLDS There has been a very general dullness on tho gold fields for souio time past, and Hi s is not tho reason at which to look for much unprov cmout. Water is becoming acareo in mnny places, and thcro is alwnjs moro prospecting during tho ?viator than the summer. The only now field discovered of lato is among the ran;es at tho head of tho Mitta Mitta, and the extent of good ground suitiblo for Bliucing is said to bo oon aidciab'o. Wntei ib abundant tboio, and tho country, though of courbo rough, and ht.lo oxplored, is Lot very difficult of aoooss. Tins now field is about 120 miles from Beechworlb, and not moio then a days journey from tho Omeo,-about which dis- trict rathor extravagant oxpeotctions were formod somo years since, m consequence of geologists having declared it to be tbo gieat centre > r a]j tho gold formali mo m ¿M m¿ O 0 , t|Jomlng 00_ louiQH, _Ur( although cold ia very widelj dis- united over thit region, 01 both sides oí tlio ranges, no very he wv deposits hate jet been found, if wo exeopi. those of limited extant opence1 at Kiandra Some of tho Alpino e igr inga in our lomtorj pav well, but nouo of thoT vorked na jet is calculated to support: moro tbnn n limited number of mon, aeit tered in detached parties ovor a vu in ex- tent ef ground, and thoso list found do not promise to pi ovo any oxcrptton to tho rulo On the older fields tbo discoveries within tho last few weeks have been fe tr, and nono of these is of, any oapecial importance The lost of the leads la ely opene 1 is near Dunolly, and m somo of tbo ¡.hints last put down on tins, moio than eem monly rich wasbdnt bus been struck From a tub of stuff tüten out of ono of theso twoutv six, ounces wero obtained, and fiom sevorol ot tho claims near the yield wits at tho rato of thico ounces to 11 o load, a good n turn where tho sinking ia not deep On the old load nt Dunolly, famous foi ita oocoaionnl nuL^ets, one of pure gold weighing Mxty ounces w ts found three weeks smco Mo-o liteij two nuggets of twelvo ounces and of fifty ounces wore lound near Marjborough also, it ia I supposed, an a part of the old ground thoro a1 an donod to tho fossickers, na those men ure ter ned who prefer poking about m old shafts or tunnels after tho loavinga of othois, lo working claims in new ground for tbemsehos and it is surprifing what n Inga proportion of tho nut gets ol tamed aro li tis brouf/ht to light The 1 irgei>t of our rcccntlj di covered nuggo n, weighing 310 oz 4dwt , was taken fioni ii danu at Kinp ovoi wbioh lind previously yieldedscveinl lumps, as well na much small told, Yttuaoic nun quite lost its chiruetcr for tho produc- tion o* v ery_largo nugget i, but several small on9a have been iu md m tîiitt nt-iÂlibourhood within tho last fow days Fito of these weighed respec- tively luoz , 19iz , 21oz , 2Sjz , and 3uoz Non Creswick, two of tlutty-two and forty si\ oiuioos wore found, uni at Muckleford ouo of tbirtj fhr o mines With tho o ocplion of i1 at fiom Kmgowor the«o fite all siniilj, and would scarcely bo worthy of special mention wore it not for tho want of moro noteworthy items of intelligence. Rushes on a largo scalo aro almo t tilinda oí tho past, it being seldom now that wo bato any im« portant movements among tho diggers to chronicle. Nor 13 the stale of i ffaus far different on tho icefB Tho largo yiolda hate boon fon, nnd no icefa of much promibo havo been oj enod intolj. The great uim*- in this blanch of mining »till ii moro capital, and none aio inclined so to invest their money except those who h ii o thus made it Claim after olnim is worked donn to tho watoi lovel and thon registered, in the hope of thi drainago jf reefs being protided for some day 01 other lu mjBt eases rttim power is i equihito for this purposo, and it ia evident that one daim cannot be thoroughly diaiucil without benefit to those abovo and below it, while thoso who incur tho expenso of ero ting pumpB and worl me them «?»"".t now compel hen neighbours to bear " fan pioportiou of the cxponpe. This _", -0_g been a standing gn<"-lnco miu _ _.; Uv in tho W i> Of working reefs partitioned oft anio " many hoiu'era, tiioso only who haro laigo claims ant! .unielom, tonda being nblo to erect pumping gear udvantnset>.',s'y for their own use. Tho , ?.muera in thb. Bont-'go and other districts aro addressing themselves ic this subject oneo more, and when tho Land Bill anti other quesiioti.** ot more pressing interest in tho eyes of our legis- lators uro disposed of, semothing mny be done to admit of n bettor syittem of ruaiirnjing the affairs' of the goldfields, lu the moan lima i,ho want of some provision for tho drninago of the reefs de- prives veiy many mon of profitable employment, aud hulps materially to rodueo the yilla of gold. Among tho rotuniB lately obtained from tho Inglewood reefs, waa one of 202oz,, from revon tceu tona of quartz, out of a olaim on tho Colum- bian ; another of HOoz. 17divt. from five tons, out of ii claim on tho Athens lleef, besides a lot uf BpeeiraoiiB picked out ut Iho same time, and suppoaud to contain about löQoz, of gold; and n, third of 21(ie'Z. lGlwt. from thirty-seven tons out of MnxwoH's Eeof, which iu now the moat productivo in tina dlntriot, The only good yields in tho Bendigo district havo boen from small parcels of bIoho, and tho wimo thing may bo said of tho roofs generally, although averages of two and three ounocs to the ton havo in a few cases been obtiined from largor lota. The Aj'ax Company, on the Bolivia Eeof, in tho Castlemaine district, got 1187ex. fioni the last 100 tons crushed by them, but their supply of writer is exhausted, nnd thoy pim criiah no moro until tho ruin comes. From the Ballarat district wo havo the old roportn of largo returns obtained by a fow of tho companies on the deep leads. Thus, tho Great Extondcd tvnshed out 2,311oz. of gold during thopnet fortnight, üöloz. o£ this in ono dny, giving a dividend to each flhnroholdor of £110 for tho two wooIir. Tho Koh-i-noor Company, with half tho number of mon, washed out OjOoz. last week, ,and about: ÍOOoz, tho week heforo, so thal their dividendo are Hourly iib lii;;li. Homo of the other com paiiies, of losa noto and consisting of fewer mon, occasionally havo as large dividends to cadi share, but the two named aro notv fairly in tho rich gutters running through their claims, and promiao for bohío timo to keep up the credit of tho doop leads of Ballarat, which, long na they havo boen worimi, aro fur from being exhausted yet. _ I AGRICULTURE, I The harvest is over, and tbo grpin has all beta , secured in tbo very best condition. Such a re« nw.îk may seem superfluous to theso not aware oi ¡" | what tho lust two or three summers woro ; but after experience of those, and an unpleasant - familiarity for so long willi stained and malted grain, this ia a state of'things to ba ta-nkful for. If' we have anything to complain ot at present, it- is the want oE min, for the soil is very dry, and the weather seems to have taken up, as if every barometer were to continuo at " set fair" for an indefinite period. The nights" are oool, but tho sun shines brightly during the creator part of the day, with a strong breeze off the so.a, and this sort of weather sometimes lasts for weeks together at this time of year, and is very parch- ing to the little vegetation that is left, faed for stock is already becoming scarce, and water too in piucos, so that a change would be very aooap table to the etookownera, as well as the farmers, who now want rain for their root and fodder crops, and to givo tho weeds a, good start ba foro ploughing commences. Pnces generally are steady, and there is not much prospect of their changing materially through the year before us. Wo must bavo nearly, if not quite, enough wheat for our own consumption, and the shippers at Adelaide are looking more to the English market than to this for on outlet for their surplus : the quantity to spare being, how- ever, muoh reduced by the severe storms and bad weathor with whioh they weroviBitod in the midst of their harvest. Of oats and barley we will not have nearly enough for our own use, but Tas- mania can supply tbo greater part of what we want, and if there should not be war with Amono i the remainder will be obtained from Cali- fornia, excepting a sufficiency of matt, for , whioh wo must still look to England, for another year at least. In anticipation of tbo prices of grain ruling very low for the future, many of the farmers aro roally preparing ' this season for a change in their system,intending i to lay down much of their land with grass and feed i sheep thereon. This must eventually lead to the boneticial adoption of a system of mixed husban- dry, in place of tho present exhaustive mode of growing the same crop yoar after year, without; regard to tho state of the land. Some of tho farmers who wore getting up small but soleo!; herds of cattle are even selling these off to make way for sheep, believing theso last io b3 tho most profitable. And since the price of- cattle has fallon so low, without any ' prospect of improvement, such is becoming ¡ the very decided opinion of tho squatters too, j many of them replacing then: cattle with sheep ! as they have the opportunity. Tho dread of I pleuro-pneumonia, whioh is still spreading hore, and more rapidly m New South AVales, is an ad- ditional motive for tho change, and before long we may expect to see nothing but sheep on those runs which are fit for them, A largo number of short-horns were sold this week by one firm breeding extensively, and another Bale is to take) \ place next week, to bo followod shortly by tho sale of an entire herd, lately got together by a I gentleman who now thinks sheep better worthy | of attention. Under these circumstances, of ¡ course the prices realized are low compared with what they wero two or three years ago, and there I is now no use in shipping animals to this port on I speculation. I In a few days the gathering of the grapes "will | bo commenced, and the vintage this year will be ! over at least a month earlier than usual. The i grapes are small, but thoy will be thoroughly vvoli ripened, and tho wines of 1862 ought to be particularly good, although there will bo a con- siderable falling-off in the quantity produced per acre in comparison with former years. But as -lhere is a greater extent of land under vines in bearing, it must be a very bad season indeed in which we havo not an increase in the total produce of wine. At the grain-show held yesterday there \ wero a few samples of lastyoar's wines of superior ' quality, although tho quantity exhibited wai muoh less than it should havo boen. This was a Bhow under the auspices of the Port Philip Parme«' Sooioty and the Exhibition Commis hioners, specially held boforo the regular time, for tho purpose of seleoting samples of grain to bo foi warded to the Great Exhibi ion in London, And a very splendid collection there was, esps cially of wlioat, the selected lots of which, if they are not tho best in competition with all the world, will certainly bring no discredit on the agricul- tural capabilities of Victoria. Tho bamplo to which the first prizo of £50 was awarded weighed 691b. 4oz. to the bushel, and theseuond prize sample C71b. 8oz, There wero sovcral between these weights, and another up to the weight of the first, and tho spectators unskilled in such mattera were puzzled to know why ono Bhould havo been preferred boforo another. Lest, however, the judges in England should not coincide exactly in opinion with thoso here, other lots besides tho two to whioh tho prizes wore awarded will be forwarded along with them, and these will in- clude different varieties of tho thinnest-skinned white wheats, and of tho strong red wheats, with it largo bold grain, showing how good we can pro- duce each of its kind. The flour made from Buch wheat, thoroughly ripened as it is this season, rr.ust of course bo very superior, and that to which the first prlzo waa awarded was mudo from wheat sent to the mill in the ordinary course of business, and weighing G91b. to the buBhcl. Tho two best samples of malting barloy weighed respectively 581b. (ioz. and 581b. 2oz,, end those will show that it ia tho prejudice alone «gainst this crop whioh prevents our providing grain for malt in sufficient abundanco to supply all our wants. A mistake was made in offering prizes for Tartarian oats only, as this kind, though approved of by the farmers hero on ac- count of their not shaking out of tho hoad a) readily when ripo ns the potato oat, will bB thought nothing of in England, and wo could littve sent tho other kind as well, of very superior quality. However, to show that oats do come to great perfection hero, it is only needful to state that the best sample of tho Tartarian variety weighed forty-nine pounds to the bimbel, which would bo a good weight for the potato oat. Owing to tho dry characlor of tho hummer, the roots Bhown were small, excepting a few lots of vory superior potatoes, carrots, and unions ; but the grain waa all of exceedingly good quality, and in no one building, perhaps, were there ovor so many primo samples of whoa! brought together boforo. This, at least, is tho opinion of many good judges, and tho result oi tlio present shipment to London will ennble us t9 decide whether we have hitherto been inclined ta boast too highly of our grain or not. AMUSEMENTS. Tho dramatio season at tho Thoatro Eoyal closed on the 13th inst., and Sir William and Lady Don took a farewell benefit on the 10th, when the house was very fully attended, and the baronet, in taking lenvo of the audience, an- nounced his intention of becoming a manager on his return to Melbourne from Tasmania, as also his purpose of remaining in tho colony for soma few years to como. On tho 17ih, Mr. Lystor's opera troupe commenced their fourth season at tho samo establishment. Invigorated by three months'rest, the principal vocalists appeared to unusual advantage, and the season promisee to lo as successful aa its predecessors. With a fresher contralto and a moro poworful barítono, tho oompany will be all that is required, and qualified to maintain a permanent hold on publio lnvour. The opora may now bo looked upon as one of our established institutions, and, a8 it is equally popular in Sydney, there seems no room to doubt its pormanenco; so that vocalists of ominencowho may contemplate visiting Australia may confi- dently roly upon permanent ongagomonts and liberal salaries. The orchestra includes several soloists of ac- knowledged eminence, .and I ho scenic department is under tho direction of an artist whoso ponoil produces pictures not unworthy to bo mentioned with thoso of Grieve and Tolbin. A spacious conoert-room, with a suito of refreshment and retiring rooms, is in oourso of erection, adjacont lo tho Theatre Eoyal, and will probably bo rented by Messrs. Spiers and Pond, and fitted up in a stylo of great elegance. Such a room has Ion*' been a desideratum in this oity, for musical entertainments, lectures, readings, &c.;, and a moro central or convenient situation could not bo found than the ono selected. On tho 2nd instant Mr. and Mrs. George Loder presonted their entertainment, ontitlod " Tho Old House at Home," to tho Melbourne publio, at tho Theatre Eoyal. Tho literary merit of tho monologue, or dialoguo, is so slight that the success of tho entertainmont can only bo attributed to -1rs. Loder's vivacity and versatility ns an actress, and Mr. Loder's ability as a muaioal composer. It was played for a week ; and Mr. and Mrs. Loder aro now making a professional tour through tho country districts. I The Pantheon Thoatro, Cremorno Gardens, is closed ; and an effort is about to bo mado to re- trieve the fortunes of tho Prince of Wales Thoatro. in this city, by Mr. Marsh and his company or children. Mr. J. 0. Lambert's engagement at tho Prin- cess's Thoatro has added oonsidcrably to the ' strength of tho company, and increased tho ultraotivonesa of tho performances, at that esta- blishment, while a corresponding improvement has taken placo in tho quality of tho pieces pro- duced. In tho characters of Daddy Hardacre, Captain Cuttlo, and Luke Fielding, Mr. Lambert ia without an equal on the colonial stage, and ho is tho solo representative in this part of the world of that good old school of acting to which belonged tho MundonB, Dowton«, BenBloys, Bannisters, and l'aimera. Many of our colonial actors havo not enjoyed tho .advantage of an English training, and tho contrast between the eaao and finish of tho London votoran and tho crudo performances of Boino of tho ambitious but undisciplined aspi- rants on the Melbourne atago is vory striking. A portion of tho Princess's company has procoodod to Now Zealand, for tho purpose of establishing a theatre at Dunedin (Otrigo), tho flret enterprise of tho kind commonced in that settlement. There is every reason to conclude it will bo suooessful. Tho non-arrival of the mail is operating almost M prejudicially on the interests of thoatrioal managers aa on those of mcroautilo men. AU "our dramatio nnv elti°s ara imported from England, just as most of the new dramas in London ara derived from Pans But while the international copyright treaty Bteurea to tho Frenoh author tho privilege of authorizing and receiving payment for the translation of his dramas, no such pro tection is awarded to the English playwright as against colonial managers, and thou- sands of pounds have been made in these colonies by tho performance of tho burlesques oE Messrs Brough, Tatfourd, and Byron, without any benefit whatever accruing lo the authors of those productions This is not merely dishonest jas regards those gentlemen, butj absolutely" pro j hibitory of the growth of a dramatio literatura in tina colony. Managers here will not pay for original pieces, whoso value is speculative, so long as they can gratuitously appropriate the worka of British playwrights, whose success has been ratified by London audiences. REVIEW Or OUE METEOPOLITAN AND SUBURBAN VOLUNTEERS. Ever smco rumours of probable war have reached as, our metropolitan and suburban vo- lunteers havo been bestirring themselves, with 'gi oat apparent eagerness to prove that they ara no carpet knights nor gala soldiers Great sti- mulus has boen given to this feeling by a brigade order from the Commonder-m Ohiet oE tho Military m Viotona, Major-General Sir Thomas Pratt, whereby the thiee hranohes of our tolunteer seruce, vi¿, the rifles, artillery, and cavalry,were called out on three separate days for j,rand fmrade, in fact, tho major general, as ho himself phrased it, "wished to seo the volun- teers,' md consequently the parades wera lery strictly attended, every absentee being called upon to give an account of himself. The anuir culminated last Saturday, ia a grand review, which took place on the Mel- bourne Racecourse, ni the presence of the major general, His Excellency the Governor and suite, and over 0,000 spectators. The troops present were nearly 2 OOO m number, or, speaking mora exactly, l,9o5 t olunteers1 were present, and a. thoy wero drawn up to receive their commander m chief thoy appeared m the following strength - At the extreme right of the line were tho cavalry, 137 strong, and under the command of Lieut Colonel liosa, next to them wera plucod tho V V. Artillery Regiment, 376 strong, with ten guns, under Lieut.-Oolonel Anderson ; tho Naval Brigade, 117 strong, under Lieut. Fayno , the Volunteer Engineers, 50 strong, under Captain Seratchley, li B , and the Gee- long Rifles, 105 strong, under Lieut. Colonel Bede These three last-mentioned corps, together with a detachment of the V V. A. R, with small aims, foi med the First Battalion of Infantry, under the command of Lieut Colonel Eede. The centre and left wing were oceupied by the North and South Battalions of Rifles, the former, 605 strong, being commanded by Lieut -Colonel Champ , and the latter, 531 strong, by Lieur. Colonel Mair The whole array was, of course, under tho command of Colonel Pitt, aa brigadier, upon whom depended the management of the evolutions perfoimed during the review. These weie of a tery lnteiesting nature. First the troops broke into column, marched past the national standard, and then formed into three battalions The artillery opened lire, and the Naval Brigade, together with a portion of tho artillery, adianced upon a supposed enemy in skirmishing order (their movements being covered by the First Battalion of Infantry), and kept up a harassing fire The rocall sounded, thoy deployed into hue, and retired through tho ranks of the riflemen, who then formed mto'bnes of contiguous columns A tremendous firo of musketry ensued, the artillerymen keeping up meanwhile a furious cannonade Tho next manouvra was foi tho infantry to advance m direot echelon of companies from tho rurht. So soon as thoy had talton up their position, the cavalry charged, towards thom, but with admirable precision and rapidity squaics were formed to receive cavalry, and the attack w-is, bo tosay, repulsed by volleys of musketry, aided by afewroundsfrom the artillery. The whole troops next doployed into line, and file bring ensued with great steadiness Indeed, it would be difficult to ovor- praise the steady regu- larity of o ich movomont of tho infantry. The cavalry wero not so _ood, but the blamo must ba laid mostly to tho untrained horacs The review was concluded by the whole troopa adiancmg in rcviow ordor, ard presenting arms to the major general, who, after a few words of compliment to tlie v olunteer officers, left the ground No acot dont happened dilling tho day. and tho whole »fluir passed most cioditably to all concerned. CRICKET.-THE ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN. Owing to the All-England Eleven's having left Melbourne for Now South Wales on tho 24th of Inst month, there has bcon a lull in the Victorian ciicketing world since tho departure of the last mail, the only events of interest being the tele- graphic accounts whick have boen received of the several matches played in Now South Wales, In that colony tho enthusiasm, if possible, sur- passed that shown by tho Victorians on the arrival of tbo Eleven, and tho Sydney people appear to have been indulging in a continuation of galas. Hospitality has always boen a distinguish- ing trait in their character ; but, judging from private as well as publio accounts, they must have surpassed even themselves. Banquets, ovations, entertainments of nil descriptions, greeted the Eleven on their arrival in Sydney ; and in fact, if they could complain of anything, it must have been that excess of kindness which somo "times unfavourably interferes with the business avocations of cricketers. The first matoh played by them was against twonty-two of the sister colony, and great interest was attached to it by the crickoters in this colony, as, although we have been successful in the majority of the inter- colonial matches, it was thought that on their own ground, and with an additional eleven in the field- where they always oxcol-the Sydnoy men W ould make a good stand. The weather was lovely, and according to tho Sydney Morning Herald thero were at least 25,000 spectators on the ground during the first day of tbo match. The English captain winning the toss, sent in his men, Mudie and Griffith being the first at U19 wickets. When the stumps were drawn, the telegram Bhowed four men out for 145 runs, of which Mortlock made the top score of seventy six. On tho following day the scoring fell off, and at a quarter to two o'clock the formidable eleven wero all out for 175 rons. Griffith, Mortlock, Caffyn, and E. Stephenson made tho big scores-tho others not reaching double numbers. Tho Twonty-two commonoal their innings on the same day, and at half-past one o'clock on that following were all out for 127. Kettle mudo a splendid Booro of '¿'J, So that the injury ho received on tho Melbourne ground was not so lorious as to affect his play. The Eleven went in for their second innings without loss of time, it being desirablo that the game should bs terminated on the following day (Saturday), and, much to the delight of the Sydnoy men, were all out for sixty-six runs. Of these, Iddison made twenty-four, Mudie twelve, and Mortlock ten, Thrco of the wickots, of tho Sydney men wera put down on the some day for oight runs. The excitement on the fourth and last day wai greater than previously, the game presenting a favourable aspeot to the Now South Walos mea. But whatever anticipations of victory thoy in- dulged in were speedily dispelled, as wiekot fell after wicket, and the Twenty-two only aohioved a total of Bixty-fivo. The Eleven wero thus vic- torious by forty- nine runs. The Now South Wale3 men have at least tho consolation of knowing that thoy wore not disgracefully beaton-many of them plityod remarkably well, and deservedly merited tho oncotuiums passed upon them by their English friends ; but cricket when played by tbo champion Eleven of the world is widely different from the {jamo so designated in til 3 antipodes; and tho visit of the English players has shown tho colonies how much thoy nave yet to leam. Tho following wore the total scores : ALL ENGLAND ELEVEN. FinST INKINOS. Mudlo, 0 Curtis, b Mooro, 2, 3,1 .. .. .76 Grlilltb, 0 Gregory, b GUbert. 1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1, 2,2, 1, 1,1,1, 1,1,1 .80 Mortlock, c Gregory, b Gilbert, 2, 2,1, 4, 1,2,1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2,1,1, 2,1,3,1, 1, 4, 1,1, 1,1,1, 4, 1,1, 1, 4, 1,1,1, 2,1, 1,1, 8, 1, 1, 1, 1,1,1, 2, 1,1,3,1 .73 Cairyu, 0 Deano, b G. Mooro, 1,1,1,1, 2,1,1,2, 1,1,1,1, Î, 2,1, i, 4, 1, 3,1, 1,1,1, 2,1 .. 33 Laurence, run out, 1,1 .. - .. .. 2 Bcnnott, a Deane, b G. Mooro, 2,1.3 Sewell, c Taylor, b Gilbert, 2,1,2 .. .. .. 5 Iddlron, run out, 1,1. « ..2 E. Stephenson, 0 Kinloch, b G. Moore, 8, 2,1, 4, 2,1,4.17 Wells, ran oat.1 H. H. Stephenson, not out..' 0 Byes 2, widest« _ 6 "ïïi Bowling.-J. Moore-148 balls, 25 rung, 22 maiden overs, 1 wioket, 1 wide. Word-90 balls, 34 runs, 11 maiden overs. Kinlooh-C8 balls, Vi runs, 9 maidon overs. Brown-10 balls, 8 rum, 1 maiden over, 1 wicket. Fowler-8 balls, 4 runs, 1 wide. Gilbort-115 balls, 50 runs, 9 maldon overs, 3 wickets.-Thompson-16 balls, 5 runs, 1 maiden over, lwide. Readett-14 balls, 15runs, 2 maiden overs. Coulter-21 balls, 7 rons, 2 maidon overs. G. Moore- 48 balls, 10 runs, 8 maiden overs, 3 wickots. ALL-ENGUND ELEVEN. BlOOND INNINQS. Wells, 0 Gregory, b Gilbert. 77 I H. H. Btophcnaon, 0 Curtis, b G. Moore, 1,1,1,1. 1,1,1,1 .. .. .. .. .. .. 8 E. Stephenson, st Ihomp:on, b Gilbert, 2,, .. 2 Griffith, run out. 1 Mortlock, 0 Brown, b Q Mooro, 1,1,1,4,1,1.1.. 19 Caffyn, c Gilbert, b G Mooro, 1.1,1,1,1.. .. 6 Iddfaon, a Readett, b Gilbert, 1,1,1, 9,2,1,1,2, 1,1,1,1,1,1,4,1,1 . t I-orenco, o Gregory, b Gilbert . O Hudle o Curran, b Mooro, 1,1,1, B, 1,1,1,1,1,1 12 Bennott, thr. out by Brown..' O Sewoll, not ont 1,1,1. .»' 3 63 Bowling.-Gilbert-84 balls, 46 runs, 3 maiden overs, 4 wiokots. G. Moore-80 balls, 20 ruas, 7 maiden overs, 4 wickets. »EW 80-TH WALES _WBN_-«_WO.' First Inninob. Olat-o, b Sewell, 1,1, 2, 2, 2,1 .. .; 7? O Brown, run out, 4, 2,1 .,< 7 CuitiB, c £. Uiopkenaon, b Sowoll, 2, 2, 2,1,1 .. 8 G. Mooro, b Sowelh 2. _, 2 Kettle, o WeU«, b Griffith, Í, 2,1,2,3, 2,8,1,1,3, 8,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1. 83 Gregory, b Sewell . ..' O Thompson, c Mudie, b Maison, 2,1, I, 1, 1,1 ,.' J Myrtle, b Iddlson, 2,1 . 8 Deano, run out, 1,1 .. ... 2 GUbort, o Wells, U Iddison, 1,1, 1,1,1,1,1,1, g 10 Curran, b Sewell, 2,2. 4 newcombe, b Cowell, 1,1,1,1, 2, 8, 2 ... .. 11 Ward, st Stephenson, b Iddlion, 2, 2,1,1,1, 2, 8, 8,2,1. _. l8 Taylor, b BawoU. _, ., Q !..Lowia,candb Sowell '. 1 J Mooro, st StophoMon, b Sewell .. .. .. O Kinloch, b Griffith . 0 Olcovo, fa Griffith ., 0 Fowler, runout .. .. ., .. ., O Coulter, not out, 1,1. 3 Kfndott, at Stephenson, b Iddijon .. ., ,, O 0\. Lowlfl, o Mortlock, b Griffith .. ..... 0 leg-byei, 1,1,1,1 .. .... _ 127 Bowling.-Caffyn-28 balls, 13 runs, 3 maiden overs. Sewell-136 balls, 28 runs, l8 maiden overs, 9 wickets. Mudie-32 balls, 22 runs, 1 maiden over. Iddiaon-108 balls, 28 runs, 13 maiden overs, 6 wickets. Bennett, 48 balls, 8 runs, 6 maiden overs. Wells-24 balls, 3 ruas, 3 maiden overs. Griffith-80 balls, 21 runs, 0 maiden overs, 4 wiokots. NSW aOUTH WALES TWEN-Y-TWO. Second Inninos. Clark, b Griffith.'. 0 Brown, c Iddijon, b Sowo.l, 1,1, 2 .'. .. .. _ O. Lewin, li Griffith. " _, 1 Cleave, b Sewell. 0 T. Lewis, o Mudlo, b Giiffith. .. 1 Cuilla, clüdbon, bSowol!, 1, 2, 8, 3,1 .. .. 8 Thom.Bon, run cut, 2 .. .. : ,, ..'2 Kettle, 1 b w, b Bowoll.1 Newcombe, b Griffith. _, 0 ClUicrt, o "udie. b Griffith. 1 Ward, b Sowoll, 2 . 2 Gregory, b Griffith, 2,1,1. .. 1 Coulter, run out, 2..' 2 6, Mooro, c Mudie, b Griffith .. .. ..' 0 (Durran, c and b Iddlion, 2,4, 8, 2, 8,1 .. ,,' 15 J. Mooro, o Iiiurenoo, b Griffith, 1,1 ..' ..' 2 Demo,o Iddison, bGriffith .. . ".. .,' 1 Taylor, Bt. Stephenson, b Iddlison, 1,1 .. .: 2 Myrtlo, o Mudlo, b Iddison., .-J o Kinloch, b Griffith, 1,8,1."J 5 Hondo», c Mudie, b Griffith, 2 .J 2 Fowler, not out, 1, 3,1,1..< 6 Byes, 1 j leg-byes, 8 ; no bill», 2 .. ,; 6 6 Bowling.-Griffith-181 balls, 22 runs, 28 maiden overs, 11 wiokotB, 2 wides. Sewell-Ho balls, 30 runs, 12 maidon overs, 5 wiokets. Iddi- son-64 balls, 7 runs, 11 maiden overs, 3 wickets. The matoh which was played in Melbourne be- tween the United Colonial teams and All-England having terminated in a draw, in response to aa offer mado by Messrs. Spiers e.nd Pond olovea of our criokoters visited Sydney to join the New South Walos Eleven against tho English toam. The players selected ~woro mostly of tho n9w school in tho colony, and tho match consequently excited more interest than it would otherwise havo done. Previously to the arrival of the Victo- rians the English Eleven visited Bathurst, where they played a match on February 6, against twenty-two of the district. The visitors went ia first, and made n total of 211 runs. The Bath« hurst men wore nowhere, their first innings closing for forty-nine, and six wickets ia tho second event falling for twenty-five. 0_ the third day the rain descended ia such torrent! that it was impossible to continue the matoh without interfering with other engagements. On Thursday, tho 13th, the match with tha combined elevens was commenced by Bennett; and Iddison's taking the bat against the bowling of Gilbert and G. Moore. The first wicket fell for twonty-one ruus, tho next for tweuty-two, tho third for twonty-seven, the fourth for forty-two, tho seventh for forty-six, and all were out for sixty. Tho fielding of tho allies was very good. Not one man of the Eleven was bowlod ont, bat under the able captaincy of Gilbert tho field waa so placed as to rendor it moat difficult for the Eleven to got tho ball away. As will bo seen by tho scores, in both innings they wero put out by catches, withafewexceptions. AVells, intheseoona innings, was bowled by Conway, who this seasoa has been looked upon as our moat promising bowler. The United Elevens in their first in- nings mode 101. Park, who made a good score ?when in Melbourne, contributed 20, Costiok, 10 ; J. Huddlestono 11, and Curran 10. The fielding oí tho Eloven is deseribod ns having been superb, not once 'chance being thrown away, Encou- raged by their sncceaB the Twenty-two went into the field in good spirits, and various wero tho conjectures both in Sydney and in Melbourne aï to what was likely to be tho result. In the opi- nion of some.it was thought that the Eleven hal been allowing" tho colonials to run up a score to show what they themselves could do at a pinoh. Others, however, took .a different view, and thought that tho constant changing about from placo to placo was '.beginning to take effeot upon the English players. Tho result of their second innings waa at first received with con- siderable caution - all out for soventy-fiva seemed so improbable. Such waa tho case, how- ever, and with the exception of Griffith, who made thirty-eight, and Mortlock, who added twenty, tho highest Booro obfcaiucd was four. Iddison, Laurence, Hearne, and Wells rotired without scoring. The Tweuty-two, on the third day of the matob, had thirty-live to get to win, which they ob'aiued with tho loss of nine wickets, and thus, for the iii fit timo, the English Eleven received n defeat. Selling on one aide other causea, tho fielding of the Twenty-two may be considered as having had groat influence o a the gamo. At all times, under good generalship, it is difficult to make high scores with so many in a fiold, but on the present occasion nearly every man could bo depended upon aa safe. Tho Elovena of both eoloniea are proud of thoir suc- cess, and tho event will add to the interest taken in future matches played by the Eleven duria_ their stay in the eoloniea. The following aro the scores : ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN. | FlltST IKNINOS. Bennott, ran out, 1,1,1,1,1,1,1.." 7 Iddison, st Thompson, 1,1,1,1,1,1, 8, 2,1,1,1 It Griffith, o Gregory, b Gilbert, 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,8,1 11 JMortlo:lr, o Gilbort, b t_ooio, 1,1,1,1 .. .. _ Citflyn, run out, 2,1,1,2 . S J3, »tophonnon, st îhompson, b Gilbert .. .. 0 H. -tophonson, c Ctosticlc.b Mooro, 1,1, 1,1 .. i Well», -, G. Mooro, b Gilbert, 1,1. 2 Howell, o Gregory, b Mooro, 1 . 1 I.uronco, not out. 1,1,1,1. _ Honrno, o Curtió, D Mooro, 2, 1,1,1,2 .. ..7 Ö) EBCÛXD IrtSIKOS. Bonnett, c Curtis, b Olibort, 1,1,1,1 °.. .. _ Laurence, c Huddleritono, b G. Mooro .. .. 0 Mortlock, c Nowcombs, b G. _toorc,.l, 1,2, 2,1, 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1, 1,1,1,2 . 2J CafT-n, e Smith, b G Mooro, 1 . 1 Griffith, c Gregory, b O. Mooro, 1, 1,1, 2, 4, I, 2, 1,4.2,1,1,2,2,1,2,1,2,1,4,1,1 .. ,.85 Sowoll, run out, 1,1.1,1,1,1 . 6 Iddison, c Curtis, U G. Mooro.. .. _. .. 0 Wells, b Conway . 0 Henni», o Ou-tl3, bConwuy. 1 H. gtophonson, c Nowcambo, b 0. Moore, 8,1 .. _ £, Stephenaon, not out . _, 1 75 HEW SOUTH WiLKS AND VICTORIA, -TVENTY-TWO. BlKST 1KKIK08. Park, run out, at Stophonsen, 1. 3,2, 3,1,1.1, 3, 5,1,11 . 2) ?"Brodio.o Bennett, b Sewell, 3, 2,2. 7 Bowloy, atStephenion, blddiion, 1, 2 .. .. 3 .fJmlîli, b Laurencs, 2,1,1. 4 Curran, b Lkuronce, 1, 2,1,1,1, 8,1 .. .. 1] * J. Huddloatono, at Staphonson, b Iddison, 2,.2,1, 1,4,1. 11 J. Kcttlo, b OalTyn, 2. 2 N. Thompson, o and b CrtiTyn, 4 1. 5 *S. Coitlck.c Iddison, bOalTyi), 2,-1,1,8.. .. 1) Newcombo, 1 b w, b Lauronco, 1. 1 *.. Huddlestono, b Lauronco. .. 0 G. Ourtli, b Lauranoa. 0 *JIop_lii83D, ron out, th E. Stephenton, at H. Stephenton, 1, 3, I. 6 H. Gregory, b Lauríneo. 1, 2, 1,1. G Gilbert, o Iddlion, b Oailyn. 0 *T. Moore, st Stephenson, b Gafryn, 1,1,1, 2,1.. (1 J, Olttrke, o Well«, b Lauronca. 0 J. Mooro, o and b Laurence, 1,1,1. 8 "Elliott, run out, th Iddlion, st Stephenson, 2 ,. 2 ?lioak, o Griffith, b Caffyn, 1,2 . S 41 Son way. not out, 2. ... .. 2 G. Mooro, o Iddison, b Lvrre.co. 0 Legbyes . 2 lol * VlotorUn playera. SBCOXDlNNIIfOB. Gilbert, b CaiTyn .. - -. .. ..2 TnompBon, c E. Stephenson. 1 J. Huddloatono, e Caffyn .. .. .. ., a Uoitick, b Sowell . 0 Kottio, b Oiflyn . 2 Nowoomb», c K Stephenton. 5 .T. nudd'ostone, o Wolla . 0 C'urtli, o Wolla. 0 Bark, not out. 3 Conway, o Wolla . ,. 8 Brodie, not out. 0 Byes, 2 ; lcg-byca, 2. t 35 Winning by twelvo wiokots. Tho English Eloven arrived in Melbourne oa the 18th from Sydney, and loft a few hours after- wards for tho colony of Tasmania, where thoy will again play against twenty-two. The 1st, 3rd, and 4th of Mareh aro tho days appointed for Ibo "Surrey v. the World" match, and as the Eleven will bo divided on that ocoasion, the game ia locked forward to with ranch interest by ourplayerB. After visiting the Billarat, S*.nd huist, and Castlemaine gold-fielJs, tho final match will como off in Melbourne, on whioh occa- sion the Elevon will play against twenty-two of Victoria. Practice it is lo bo hoped will have done much "to -improve our men, added to whioh they havo had the opportunity of learning a groat deal from the English players. It ia an nounced that Laurence will remain in the colony of New South Wales. Should he do bo, Melbourne should retain the services of Walls, who it was understood carno out with the iuton tion of settling, but who it appears is somewhat undecided. Thus each colony would bavo soma one to tench its players the latest improvements in cricket. . Every week has witnessed matches on the various suburban grounds hero, and although much notice is not taken of them by the publia generally, they nre tho sohools to whioh at soma future timo wo shall havo to look for our champions. To-day a match will bo played between the oleven who represented Victoria in Sydney, and an elevon seleoted from thoso who remained behind, but many of whom hare hitherto played in the intercolonial matches, SPORTING. The principal turf ovent since our last no tie 3 of sporting matters in Victoria has been tho Geelong and Western Turf Club Annual Raes Meeting, which took place on the 29th, 30th, and 31st January, and was very successful in bringing together good fields of horseB, and in affording three days' excellent] sport. The bost stake of the mooting, and the richest stake ever run for by three-year-olds in Victoria-the Geelong and Western Produce Stakes- was won by Palestine, by Indian Warrior. This filly was the winner of tho Jookoy Club Oaks in October la3t. Several smaller provincial meetings have been held, and have generally beon sufficiently well patronized, Tho most recent and most notable failure in turf proceedings has been tho preBont Jockey Club Meeting, on tho Melbourne Racecourse, from several causes combined, which may be j-idged to be-first, the recent ex- citement about the great cricket matches; secondly, the falling off of the amount of public money added to the open races; thirdly, the fewness of good horses in training in the metro- politan district, und tho want of condition or the results of accidents to others ; together with the want of confidence felt in some quarters in some of the persons to whom the principal duties of the management havo been in a great measure entrusted. Theso causes appear to hove united in producing a depressing effect upon tho present week's racing ; and these, agnin, have been assisted by the circumstano3 that there will be another race meeting in Marok, and the Melbourne publio appear to have wishel to intimate an opinion that two race meetings in the year wero all they desired. A movemont is on foot to amalgamate the two clubs, or to limit each. of them to ono raee meeting in the year-the Jockey Club taking one season, and tho Turf Club the other. At tho present Jookey_ Club Meeting tbo first of an annual srrios of produce Btakes has boen run. Tho first and best of theso-the Australian Sires' Produce Stakes, value 470 sova.-waa won by Mr. J. Wilaon's b f Musidora, by Premier, beating Baroness, by Boiardo, second; Corio, by Indian Warrior, third; and three others. The St. Loger, value 325 sovs., was won by Mr. Dowling's b o Camden, by Conrad or Warhawk. The other races at the meeting do not oall for Bpecittl notice, except the winning the principal handicap by Flatcatchor, The Mares' Producá Stakes, in which Camden, the winner of tho Derby and Leger, is expected to meet Palestine, the winner of tho Oaks, will probably form tho principal featuro of interest on the last day, Saturday. It ia to be regretted that Conrad (the last surviving son of Whalebone, famous ii English turf annals), died this season. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. The returns of immigration and emigratioa have been published for tho first month of tb.9 cm rent year. During that period 4,626 persona landed in, and 5,449 sailed from, Victoria ; the balance being 823 against the population of tho colony. Tho following digest gives a clear in- sight into tho migratory movements of tho month : Now South Wales.. South Australia .. Tasmania ,, .. New Zealand Total neighbouring colo- nies United Kingdom .. Foreign ports Totals Deduct Not emigration 4031 708 17 The' ages and sexes may be thus divided : Arrived, 4,626, of whom 3,267 were adult males, 949 adult females, 211 male and 199 female children. Departed, 5,449 ; of whom 4,407 were adult males, 585 adult females, 254 malo and 203 female children. The ports of arrival were - Melbourne, 4,160 ; Geelong, 3 ; and all othor ports, 13 ; and of departure-Melbourne, 5,209 ; Geelong, 22 ; and all other ports, l8. THE MELBOURNE PUBLIC LIBRARY. The following return shows the number of visitors to the Melbourne Public Library, and tho donations received, during tho month ending 21st February,'1862 : number of visrrons. Total during tho month.| 18,616 DONATIONS. The Government Gazettes and Parliamentary papers of tbo colonies of New South,WaIo3, South Australia, Now Zealand, and Victoria, pre- sented hythe Governments. Nowspapera, as usual, presented by the pro- prietors. Tho Church of England Record, presented by the society. The Australian Medical Journal, presented by the society. Standard Freo Presbyterian Magazine of Vic- toria, presented by the Rev. Peter M'Pherson. Parliamentary paperB of tho Legislative Coun- cil and Assembly of Canada, for 1857,12 vols. ; Statistics of Canada, 1857, 1 vol. ; Canada Library of Parliament, 1857-8, 2 vola. ; Trade and Navigation, 1857, 1 vol. ; Mapa appended to Report of Commissioners of Crown Lands, lvol., 1857; Plans appended to tbo Geological Reports, 1857, 1 vol., presented by the Govern- ment of Canada. Two pamphlets-1. A treatise on Penal Disci- pline; 2. Tho Magistracy and Civil Service ia New South Wales, presented by Mr.' N. L. Kentish. Life Assurance, ils Principles and Advantages; Family Immigration for Victoria (two pamphlets), presented by Mr. John Jamieson. Map of the Mining District of Maryborough, and ninety-fours Maps of Surveyed Lands, ¿co,, presented by tho Surveyor-General. Visitors to the Museum of Art, 5,601. Augustus Tulk, Librarian/ Visitors during tho year 1861 : PUBLIC LIBRARY. January, closed lor cloan Irg Pobruary.. .. 13,401 March .. .. 18,383 April .. .. 14,408 May .. .. 14,810 Juno .. .. lo.400 July .. .. lfi.422 August .. .. 10,670 MUSEUM Ol' AKT, Juno .. .. 4,778 July.4.002 August .. .. 8,677 September.. .. 4,030 October .. .. 4.768 September .. 15,05) Ootobor .. .. 10,831 November .. 17,11 Í December (I woek) 6,85) (Bemaiuder of month closed for cloanlng.) Total .. .. 167,131 Novomber.. .. 8,173 Decomber .. .. 1,021 Total .. .. 27,011 COMMERCIAL. For tho first time since the contract for tho Australian mail service has been in the hands of tbo Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, the colony of Victoria has to loso a course of post. Tho SalBctte, due on the 10th instant, has not yet roaohed her destination, nor Les any intelligence been received of her arrival at King Georgo's Sound-the first postal station of tho Australian continent. The dolay is the moro detrimental to the commercial interests on ibiB^pccasion, because that at tho timo of the de- parture of the November mails, thoAmerio&n; difficulty bad but just arisen, and only the baldest statement of the facts was despatched by tele- graph to overtake the Australian mail at Suez. Tbo eonsequence has been, that the banka havo kept the rato of exchange nominally at two per cent, premium for sixty days' billa, and the in- surance companies have quoted a war risk of two per cent, additional on all risks. Trade han been very materially interfered with by these additional taxes, which nre imposed ata time when the oom worco of tho colony ia requiring some encourage- ment ;'whon the population is not increasing by im- migration ; and when thoBe engarcd in mining pursuits ato in an unsettled mood, in consequenoa * of [the attractions of the New Zealand gold- fields, i The details since received by the Suffolk from England direct, and by the Snow Squall fro ti Boston, have not hud any counteracting effect, fears being still entortained by many that if peace be preserved for the time, its duration will not be long.and that somo Casus belli will arise out of the blockado of tho Southern ports by the navy of tho Northern S'ates. Our commercial news, therefore, is rather of doubt* and difficulties than of transactions. The banks' returns for the fourth quarter of tho year 1861, have bcon published. The follow- ing is a statomont of the aggregate avoragos, compiled from tbo official returns. The liabilities and assets roprcscnt transactions in this colony only. The last three items include the capital, profits, and dividonds of all the branches or tho several establishments. The average of the last half-yearly dividends declared was at the rate of 10 l-9th per cont.fon the capital paid up : Not03 in circulation.£1,650,211 Bills in circulation. 83,22} Balances duo to other banka. 188,323 Deposits not boarlng interest .. .. 4,252,270 Deposits bearing interest.2,740,BSJ -Total amount of liabilities.0,850,374 Coln .1,850,731 Bullion and bars . 810,010 Landed property . 510,182 i Notes and bills of other bauka .. .. 133,023 1 Balances duo from other banks .. .. 101,200 Govcrnmont securities . 78,557 Debts duo to tho banks, including notes, bills of oxehango, and all stock and funded debt?, oxcopt notes, bills, and balaucos duo from othor banks. 8,533,419 Total amount of astcta .12,857,870 Amount of capltil stock paid up .. .. 0,429,025 Amount of last dividends declared.. .. 342,005 Amount of rcsorved prouts.1,810,702 Comparing the principal Horns with the aggregate averages of tho preceding quarter, theso returns show a decrease in notes in cir- culation of £14,212, an increase in bills in cir- culation of £13,265, a docreaso in deposits not bearing interest of £59,110, a decrease in total amount of liabilities of £28,154, a decrease in coin of £1G1,744, an inorcaso in gold and silver bullion of £159,271, an incroaao in landed pro- per^ of £9,585, an increase in Government securities of £16,605, an ¡ucrease in all debts due lo tho banks of £87,402, and a deoroaso in the total amount of liabilities of £83,306 ; mi in- crease in the paid-up capital of £125,547, a de- crease in tho amount of tho last dividend paid of £22,358, and an increase in the amount of reserved profits of £21,155. In tho following table tho aggregate averages of tho nhio banks aro givon quarterly for the yCRra 1860 and 1861, for the purpose of affording the moans of a fuller comparison. In this case, also, the last three items refer to tho entire capital accounts of the institutions ; the remainder to trans- actions within the colony : Notos m circulation Bills do. Deposits, not bearing in- terest Do, bearing interest Total liabihtna .. Com Bullion Landed property v Government seem ities Debts duo to banks Total assets Paid up capital . Amount of last dividend Reserved nroñta .. 1st Quarter, 1860. 1,947,352 70,216 1,421,243 5,432,932 0,01)6,197 1,919,733 C25;250 4^9,370 22,429 9,O06,S03 12,tSS,324 6,001,590 360,625 1,,03,325 2nd Quarter, 1SO0. 1,905,3-10 71,177 1,406,254 5,637,103 0,183,3SS 1,807,690 CS2.224 4GS,425 29,570 9,103,544 12,50-1,068 6,097,974 423,5S1 1,252,63S 3rd Quarter, 1860. 1,831,656 60,471 2,S40,163 4,772,978 0,CG4,9S4 2,060,347 753,183 4S1.00S 11,850 9,232,157 12,803,760 6,186,713 413,581 1,248,202 4th Quarter, 1800. 1,834,274 63,101 4,C93,006 2,9u2,661 9,239,731 2,141,109 519,405 500.5S2 11,421 9.206.42S 12 093,720 6,131,6S7 348,029 1,248,202 1st Quarter, 1801. 1,843,732 O7,S0S 4 630,349 2,780,011 9,44S,842 2,210,327 444,854 492,325 48,807 9,075,425 12 593,487 0,209,907 340,529 1,268,933 2nd Quarter, 1801. 1,700,992 67,756 4,592,531 2,671,530 9,199,557 2,202,S87 559,740 407.2S1 54,507 9.286,328 12,sas,331 6,226,761 361,363 1,278,487 3rd Quarter, 1861. 4.3U.3S9 2,807,450 8,887,528 2,012,478 «1,339 500,647 02 052 9,451,017 12,774,573 0,303,473 304,363 1,295,0S7 " We subjoin, for tho purpose of affording fuller comparison, a compilation, showing the separate averages of the nine banks carrying on businesB in this colony, compared with those for tho fourth quarter of 1860 : BANK OP AUSTRALASIA. Fourth Quarters. 18Ö0. 1801. Notos in circulation .. .. £382,0£0 £290.802 Bills in circulation .. .. 11,102 18,80. Deposits, notbearing intorost 988,500 891,809 Do., bearing interest .. 443,161 440,167 Total liabilities .. .. 1,770.030 1,038,033 Coin. 350,889 801,018 Bullion. 60,480 63,230 Landed property .. .. 87,730 108,079 Government soeurlliis .. - -« Debts duo to tho bank .. 1,674,802 1,035,819 Total assola. 2,101,818 2,075,511 Bank of VicioniA. NotoB in circulation .. .. £382,2?5 £B80,729 Bills In circulation .. .. 7,544 13,705 Deposits, not boaring interest 710,743 808,570 Do., bearing Interest.. .. 627,184 408,032 Total liabilities .. .. 1,065,678 1.022,010 Coln. 421,634 831,895 Bullion. 09,754 150,550 Lauded proporty .. .. GO.C01 98,990 Government secuiitioi .. - - Dobta due to the bunk .. 1,012,090 1,018,112 Total naaota. 2,280,000 2,212,013 Union Bash or Australia. Kotos in circulation .. .. £218,566 £200,927 Billa in circulation .. .. 23,991 24,021 Deposits, not bearing interest 042,693 020,487 Do., bearing ¡ntorcst .. 817,942 250,432 Total liabilities .. .. 1,201,010 1,107,820 Coin. 300,838 220,888 Bullion. 41,240 103,054 Landed proporty .. .. 71,499 01,183 Debts duo to tho bank .. 1,301,029 1,290,629 Total assota. 1,763,232 1,705,253 Bank op New South Wales. Kotos in circulation .. .. £200,283 £217,153 Billa in circulation ... 568 - Deposits, not bearing interest 030,486 034,631 Do-, bealing interest.. .. 876,012 320,63t Total Uabilitioa .. .. I,2t9,938 1,201,411 Coin. 245,677 210,320 Bullion. 68,812 110,158 dovermnont oecurltlea .. .11,421 73,657 Landed property .. .. 55,844 60,752 Debts duo to tho bank .. . 1,273,890 1,870,716 Total assets. 1,700,925 1,881,692 Orienta. Bank Corporation, I Kotos in circulation .. .. £¡31,617 £188,503 1 Billa hi circulation .. .. 9,687 10,623 Deposits, not boaring Intorost 233.030 231,807 Do., boaring interest .. 442,703 442,950 Total liabilities .. .. 972,185 874,852 Com. 215,322 182,116 Bullion. 131,879 115,899 Landod proporty .. .. 40.030 40,003 Go remuent securities .. - - Dobta duo to tho bank .. 031,185 797,003 Total assets. l,S93,02i 1,167,603 Colonia!, Bank op Australasia. Notes in circulation .. .. £117 039 £103,434 Billa in circulation .. .. 1,604 1,178 Doposlts.not bearing interest 681,270 180,902 Do., bearing interest.. .. 195,892 840,117 Total liabilities .. .. 003,040 1,010,443 Coln . 270,121 174,703 Bullion. 8,694 0,421 Landed proporty ' .. .. 43,047 44,792 Government sesuritioa .. - - Debts duo to tile bank .. 904,357 1,175,919 Total aasota. 1,363,600 1,461,770 London Chartered Bank op Australia . ' Notes In circulation .. .. £107,031 £141,209 Billa in circulation .. .. 4,011 4,720 Deposits, not bearing intorcat .03,493 ' 230,933 Do., bearing intorost .. 277,866 232,760 Total liabilities .. .. 716,470 059,634 Coln. 192,020 220,034 Bullion. 60,659 87,221 Landed property .. .. 05,694 03,990 Debts duo to tho bank .. 891,604 1,009,975 Total aasots . 1,231,089 1,342,728 EiíoLian, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bake. Notes In circulation .. .. £18,800 £46,450 Doposits, bearing interest .. 172,800 131,148 Do., not bearing Intorest .. 122,766 110,157 Total liabilities .. .. 850,062 294,030 Coin. 59,015 01.5S9 Bullion. 20,833 27,173 Landed property .. .. 27,049 20,189 Debts duo to the bank .. 819,051 493,070 Total assets .." .. .. 410,645 641,805 Natiokal Bank of Australasia. Notes In circulation .. £95,780 £92,105 Bills In circulation .. .. 4,496 15,180 Deposits, not bearing interest 114,106 . 131,473 Do., bearing Interest .. 79,61» * 118,157 Total liabilities .. .. 812,220 303,099 Coln. 74,050 70.037 Bullion . 16,007 23,8 SO «y-nded property .. .. 16,708 11,292 Dobts duo to tho bank .. 286,277 831,10t aotal assets. 422,293 405,633 In our last summary, we announced that the Government had adopted tho proposal of an inde- pendent member of Assembly, Mr. Franois, and agreed to the imposition of a tax on bank-note* of 1.1 per cent. It was generally understood that the banks would not offer any opposition to a moderato tax in this direction. These instHu ".lions, however, potitioned to be beard at the bar ! of the House against the tax, and this not being 'accorded, presented a petition agamst the]tas . altogether, in the following terms - I " That your hon House hating rofuaed to hoaryour petitioners by conns»! at the bar of tbo Asiombly. in 1 opposition to a bill which lias boon introduced to lea pose a fax on bank notos, on the grounds that It li excessive in amount and objectlonablo in principio, as affecting only one class of traders, they bogleavs to submit tho following reasons wbj tho said aot should not pass Into law I "That the joint-stcck banks lntbe colony of Vic 1 torla aro trading compsnlo«, oatabll had and recog- nized by authority of Her MajcBtj a Letters Patent and of tho Colonial Legislature. "For various toim», oxtondlng over a porlod of 1 nearly twenty four years, thoy havo respectively carried on their business, of which the issuo of bank , notes payablo to tho boaror on demand formed a legitimate part, sub|'o* only to tho conditions that such notes should bo of certain amounts not leis than £1, that thoy should be payablo in spcclo on demand, ' ai.d that sworn returns should bo furnished to the Government at stated times-all which condition! have bton invariably obsorvod 4 In consequence of the security affordod by a largo paid up capital, nnd the publlo confldonco established by punctuality and fairness in thoir dealings on the Íiait of the banks, their notes pass freely and readily n all trado transactions, though not i legal tondar, fi rmlng, In fae*, the principal circulating medium of the co'ony Tho necssaity for a paper circulation (par- ticularly in this co'ony, owing to the d spersion of population and other oaurcs) will hardly be donloi, and that supplied by tho banks is the only legitimate end nuthorU'd 1 uo vhlch hithorto has boon mu- tually advantageous to them and the putllo, and con BOQucntly to the sirte "Thtro never lots beena suggestion ovon of over 1 sue or insecurity attaching to this note circulation, yet tbs act proposes to lovy a tax or Oi e on the nine companies who supply It, to the aggregate oxtont of about £25,000 a year, wbllo private traders and othors, somo of whom asaumo tho name of bunkers, aro loft at liberty to continue without chargo thoir practice of taking up or borrowing money on notes or receipts, 'either repayable on demand, or at various dates, from a w cok to a yo ir. "Tho banks bava novor asked for or obtalnod any exclusive advantages or prlvllcgos, but havo been ready to tonder their assistance to tho Govornmont when occasion offerod, and havo always conducted any publio business entrusted to thom faithfully and satis- factorily " Your petitioners submit that tbo proposed tax of 25s per cent per annum on tho quattcrly avorago amount of bank notos in circulation Is excessive in amount and unjust In prlnolple, as Injuriously affect- ing the Interests of one class of traders, who bavo cor Utu rights, established by long usage, betides being retrospectivo In ita operation As a precedent some it hat in point, thoy beg to cito tho exemptions in favour of banks of issuo in Great Britain, whon ' ïho Bank 0 arter Aot' was introduced by Sir Robert Feel In 1:44,-the right of such banks to continuo their isaacs bolng thon distinctly recognized, and tho ta\\. Imposai 1 oing only at the rato of 8° Od, por coït, with a licence fco of £30 a year, though in a country whoro it heavy Stamp Aot is in forco " Moreover, that tho proposed act Is also impolitic, from its tendency to contract tho circulation, and e thor wiso to hamper the operations of trado, as weU as to discourage tho Investment of capital vithia tho colony Nor can it bo urgod in support of so heavy an impost that tho profita of the banks aro unusually groat, for several institutions established In tbe olty of London pay much larger dividends, ranging up to twenty five per cent per annum on their paid-up c ipltal. "Your petitioners respectfully deprecio any addi- tion to a publlo expondituro already over three mil- lions sterling a year, being upwards of £0 a hoad on the whola male population of the colony, and pray that your bon Hou°o will not sanction any further ii crease But if It shall bo determined that the exi- gencies of the stato require the imposition of a stamp in\, then tbey pray that tho chargo bo a uniform rata of onp penny on all contracts or transactions involving the payment or receipt of money " This petition, the banks have sinco explained, must bo regarded as altogether against the prin- cipio of the proponed tax, and aleo against the enlargement of tbo system of registration fo'S introduced by the Govornment into tho Customs Department. The question remains to be dis- cussed in tho Legislature, when, it is believed, tho Government will carry tho principle, some- what modified porhaps in degree. The yield of tho gold-helda ha8 beon very muoh below the aver t=o of former years. The mining population baa been unsettled, nearly twelve thousand praetie J miners having quitted Victoria for New Zealand since tho discovery of the gold- fields in that colony. Of these, some four thou- sand have returned, but their productivo labour has been lost to our mining districts m the meantime. Theio is no change to notice in prices, but the chances of war and tho prospects of a reduction in tho export duty continue to operate as some stimulus to hoarding. The buy crs for the banks bise their calculations on tho rata of £3 13s. Od. per ounce for standard. This, with the export duty of 2s 6d. par ounco, brings the coBt on board ship to £3 16s. per ounco, exclusivo of charges. At this rato, tho prices of alluvial gold from the various dis- tricts may be stated at-Omeo, Upper Yarra, Shady Creek, £3 9a. 3d to £3 its. 3d , Dande- bong, Jamieson's, and Big River, £3 12s, Cd. to £3 14a. 3d , Castlemaine, Bendigo, and Moun- tain Creek, £3 los. Gd. to £3 15s. 9d , Crooked River, Boggy Creek, Caledonia, and Anderson's Creek, £3 16s. 3d. ; Maryborough, Dunolly, Avoca, and Raglan, £317s to £317a. 9d , Cres- wick and Brown's, £3163. 3d. to £3 17s. 9d. ; Ballarat and Ovens, £3 18s 9d. In the following table, the quantities biought into Melbourno weekly by the escorts from all the gold holds aro given separately for three months, ending yesterday. In the last column rill bo found the totals for the corresponding veeks of I860 C1--_ 5,422 6,365! 5,075 4,867 6,654 3,876 3,910 4,721 3,401 5.886 4,4171 883 712 924 ~792 ¡526 2393 2695 6Ô7 Tho escorts for the current weok havo brought down only 22,268_oz,, againBt 30,970o_. for tha corresponding week of last year. In the following table tho separata quantities aro given for tha two woeks, together with the totals for the years up to date :-_ 1S02, Casllomalno Sandhurst Maryborough .. Avoca. Talbot (Back Creek) . Ballarat. Biglan (Fiery Creole). Ararat. Stawell ( Pleasant Creek) Smythoidalo .. Llntop's .. Blackwood Moonambel Barkly .. oz. dwt. 2,871 10 4,487 10 38S 0 678 0 502 O 4.089 IO 768 0 442 0 1,112 O 2,035 0 504 0 493 10 013 10 2,121 0 Totals for tho wecke Previous escorta .. Totals for tho years 22,268 10 218,721 0 2(0,939 10 Iho eacnrta from C .atlomaino, Sandhurst, Mary- borough, Bock dock, and Ballarat, are weekly ; othari every altcrnato week. The Bul of Entry, pub_B_cd yeEierdav~ÜT~ the imports at Melbourne for the wce^î-S'" tho lBtTinstant at £267,502, and the exrTi.'D? £221,122, tho balance bei_g i_ favour ofS-' to the su'mof £40,380. Inïho Kb/t I) t imports and exports aro givon weekly f" Í* cuiront yoar, sido by side w th the corn srnL genods of ¿801,to_othor with the toulaupte £ 81,133 237,7rj 23?,7«j ?i^,61ii £.'5,y> 1S5.0J5 _521,122 1.784 7¡T Boring tho former period tho account steed ibu«. import! - ., ., iis-i,,, Expon. .. _, :: :; «¡«y.«* Balance ol imports over export« ,. íoTIis During tho second period r,- " -*" imports .£l<P3(v>r, toP«»'» .jpSt\ Balance of Importo ovor exports.. .. £13^ The following isa statement of all Flocia,. bond at Melbourne on the 20th IHrumitT -BaiBins, 20boxes; brandy, 3,785hhds ?ttnni cases; rum, 1,964. hhds. 43; cases- .»»''î1 bhds. 01,9.8 rod/2,210 green S8ß?v;t4li C38i hhds. 9,00. cases; old ETiÄ.'1 14,(198 cases ; cordials, 2,435 «m _2Ä wine, 01. hhds.; other Bpints, 474 hhX 3%?| cases; wine, 3,145 hhds. 0,02d c"2- it!. 3 520. hhds. 6,044 cases and' caskT;Zi^) hhds., 34 casks, 21 bales, 2 tierces, 710 half! tierces, 75 quarter-tierces, 2] Uga. 0V1R iiVT! miarter.oxes, 3,C60à ease's mA^ozÁ?^ 479 cases ; snuff, 63 packages ; tea, 82 0/7 rf, j!' 18,426* half-ohosts/11.436" boLaj elffeo 1 )7i bags,232 casks,64barrels ; sugar,48 SCO b-UC 22 467 packages; chicory,' _& Äs 1 mr.' 24\. chest», 2d7 packages. Stock m CB Victoria Sugar.Company .-Colonir-1 dialed spirits, 1,070 hhds.; sugar, rav-.c.! tots , do ï-tTdo?88' J do"--fined,¿bo do. ; treacle; Abstract of all Duties and Bei enuc Collected bj tin Departmcnt of Trado and Customs 1«Vi'iràiï during the last Bix Montha of the Tear, l£0l _ * Heads or iloccipts. j Rat I Spirit«, viz : Braud>-, gat Gin, gal. Bum, gal. Whi.koy, gal. Cordials, gaL Perfumed,.gal. .. Othorsplrits, gal.. Spirits distilled in the colony from sugar, 22 Viet,, No. 03, ga!. .. Total spirits .. Opium, lb... Tobacco, ¡b. Cigars, lb. Snuff, lb. ïrolhonrae. 167.141 1S2.605 65,442 49,732 510 933 10,410 4,290 83,671 66.404 S?,731 24.88B S53 407 0,208 1.0S4 431,230 215,482 17,553 67S.0Í5 78,137 3SS 8,776 57,604 11,720 QS5.* I Amoant3' QS"' I Amcunta. «J»£* I Amount*. 33,9:o 44,310 10,750 12,606 16.47J 22.1S0 S.375 6,333 63,478 93,284 8,323 082 I 00 14 1 2,SiO 4,026 2,710 2,287 1,424 2.01S 1,355 1.090 1,225 1,775 711 4,918 2,512 2,459 1071 448 S55 5 IS 1,039 1,051 1,141 1,405 S20 S27 670 211,341 183,743 90,813 03,326 3.S83 2,921 7,805 I 670,846 17,653 79,046 990 Hoads of Bccaipt«. Tea, lb. .. Coffco, lb. Wine, gal. Boor, &c;, gal.. Older, Se, gal.. Gold duty (export), oz. Total duties imports and ex- ports " AU other moneys Pdotage rate,17 Vic., No. 28. TOW 20,778 1,235,437 1,2781 921,089 22,077 S0,SS5 31 116,186 677,508 15,714 10,821 mm ^u1-«__»-? 83,179 2.044 1,607 10,431 r* or tl-n <1. Port EViry. 1 Tort -ft.Il)_*t*t. I W».T-it.mt.ool. \ wwlverJ toy -?-I_,_1_-- --!«-h, i __o Comml_&ioiit; ^?[A-oun- Qffla.tl-1 ^n*«.] <*}£» \ -~---«-| *_£:* \ AT"»~| ^SSSSS^ 89,158 4,870 31,326 90 10,699 wm 307 1,195 2,745 2,77« 4,266 77 261 -_- i fm 755 2,688 267 175 mi 2,811 8.ÎU | TotaA ¿imoa&ls.; 1,900,339 932,057 233,645 1,466.877 1,665 1,001,668 Tho bank rates for money remain ««*| unchanged. Exchango at fixty da)» ob Mg». is quoted at 2 per cent. ; but by the totm«"1" r^avo wsj to lj per cont in some ínstanooi ïu« now quote bills on England at 2 per cent Sum for sixty daj a'sight, 2} por cent, pre "Z, for thirty dajs' sight, and 3 per cent, foi Visums at sight. Tho rate charged by tho Kn,ui»r and Oriental Company for tho trans Pt.ou of gold and bullion from Melbourne ¡Tine Bank of England is 1J per cent, ,.i,(to» ordinary insurance, but not tho ,ujj Tno Oriental Bank Corporation SLs for thirty days' exchango-On Born "BCalcutta, Madras, 2s. Id. per rupee, ftí'na os U per dollar, Ceylon, 3¿ per cent. «¿aiium, Mauritius, 4s 2d. per dollar, Binga me li Hd Por dollar. The bank rates of dis Et stand at-ror two months', 8 por cent. , t-l three-mouths, 9 percent , for four months', i»«.cent Interest is allowed on time deposits 1 tho folloiuiig rates -For deposits at thirty ' n0 ice, from li to 2 per cont per annum , ii three months' notice, from 2 to 2Í per cent., ,¡ i« months notice, from 4 to 4J per cent. The following is a list of the gold Bhips whioh hie sailed since the 1st of January - 7 Alfred 8 Giants Caus JW*y 0 Rawratlra lä.Bil lutba .dlyoikshlro Omer Pa b> ¡taogatlra Northam lit > an Blight Oreat Britain Copenhagen niugatlra Prince of Walos. Binia'lra True Briton Latona (?andón London Sydney jydcoy London . London . . Sydnoy Point do Gallo London Liverpool . London . Sydney London Sydney London London.. 26 893 12, ¿82 21,971 1,633 12,890 20 317 8,295 00.33L 8 972 10 743 13 521 7 191 9 777 8 170 82 20J 7 409 "TTóur detailed market reports, n other »kaus, wo have entered at length into the pro- mt condition of tr__0. Until the English Decora- te maila have arrived, or their absence has been iMOOiited for, but fow transactions can be ex- acted to take place. The same remark apphas "tilly to produce as to imported goods. But ifcaW-äliave taken place during the month. imoiportaet tluuse haa been introduced into tho fjuleiLs Act Amendment Bill, on the motion of % Servies. lina clause meeta a difficulty which, «ider the registration fee system might have noted agre-it obstruction to tho early disoharge of »nels -"If any consignee of gooda shall neglect or refuse to make ontry of such goods, and to pay Ile registration fees thereon, tho master of tho miel m which euch goods are imported, or the omen of such vessel, or their agenta, may, illtr tho expiration of three clear working daya from the date of entry of such vessel (if a sailing Küel), or ono clear day (if a steamer), at tha Custom houso, pass entry for and pay the rogis Intion fees upon such good, and may therefore titeposs »sion of, remove, and bond, or othor iue warehouso and safely keep, the said goods, ir_ shall havo a hen on Buch goods, and bj tnlitled to sue for and receive the amount pail trlum or thorn for and in respect of suoh ontry ud registra ion fees, and all reasonable expenses tourna by him or them in respect of such poa !¡ hepiuç > and it the Baine be not paid within itrce months, may sell such goods to reimburse i "self, or themselves, such amount, and ex- tases as aforokaid ' Of tho stock and share markot there is little to upon The latest prices are given in our list. Henri Baillie and Butters, in a re issue of their uctihr, have instituted a comparison botwoen the «edition of the market as it is, and as it was curui_ tho urst half of I860, fiom which wa like the following - Wo Hud on référença to our issue of21at July, li», lh»t the prices of dlvidoud paying stocka, ault il e for fwriitiDûut in > ostments, have gonorally undo * icon Utils chati Te, kuob fluctuation» as havo tuleen ,tatitio. mainly a tribuUblo to the rlas or fall ot arl e i< '« Joel .red In individual atocia wo And - lull of bow tlouth W» os, with capital iuerea od flfsy (»cent, &-.1I dividend reduced from twenty to fifteen ¡«cat, mtia'&ln; the «uno price Wauk of Viet mt [ifthoäsmedivilond, aro tully £1 moro in v»luo , iWilbaOo ouial, in 10a oquonoe cf unforesosn elt n-Uncss, fjlloncdhy acillof £1 por aharo, have ítsioeü a hie» »mount, but as tv. taino rato of dlvl taàitU be p»tl on the increased -npita!, a canal- , «able- improvomant may be shortly anticipated : ii present buyers ara lirgoly in excels of Boiler.» wini hura jrajually rn-en from £2 10s tj Iii Oil, buje a eausod by Increased con 1 ince ia ho management, and tho improved f-rutioii of tiio banu, two dividends, at till ne of six pur cent per annum have been de tlirod and i reseñe fund formod amounting to t«9,tt0 The Hob ona Biy Railway having reducá 1 ib ir dirldanel fr im 12_ lo 10 por cent, caused a more um corr.spD-dliig fail in their atocle, they have, bDwirer, rallied considerably v,ithin tho past fov reiti sad am now proportionately hlghor than tiny Sirs b*ea ( r the past eighteen months The St illdi aid Brighton Ballway have considerably lil p iretl their roi enuc by the extension ot their line t j lil Keach at Brighton, and tho probability ol aa urlydluiend will have the eUVct of making thli ia- moro mirketablo than It baa hlthcr-o baaa Ontnry lo eiueral expoat&tiou;, tho Molbourne and 9ttarb.ii Hallway contrasta worse than anyatock ox til lilt a líii¿tlieued porlod of miamanagoinont, lol ltnedbyiaiuperablo financial dlBleultles.luu driven th i ta-er a_ln_r to the verge of iUBoIvonoy, and but lo Iii eoergy dlip ayed by a number of the bon 1 tide» la forwarding an act through Parliament I« the nlo or lene of tho line, such a conaumtnatioa niid long since hiva buen arrived at ; as it ia, their ¿ra mo wor.aless, a id no prospoot what over of Uli Meg bettor Insurance »harea, usually in favour iii ipoealatorj, hive undergono Uttlo fluctuât I in, watha exemption ei the Victoria Fire and Marine, «illowa rise frjm £48 to £00, and the Vlctorli l/iinlflofleral a fill of £1 per BBare. Theao coji luina woll kuoAn to be under flrat-closs manaej« at, tit a series of tnisfortunes in connexion wit i ttilitínn branchal will probably havo a prejudicial (Jfd_ihoirnoxtbalauco Bhoets, this, although tom« i»r «rill privent any immodiato rise in prloea. "Ins Melbourne Gis and Coko Company havo for 111 front oeasod to pay a dividend-a circumstance raiifof inquiry by tno shareholders, whother any ?aired Institution affords a precedent. Several or iaiKincoi ooanocted tvlth the last report demanl unedoiH consideration than has boen bestowal '.pille n ; trio fait of a largs ovor-estimate of tho ¿xi oi coala on baud ia alono sufficient to warrant liuppohituie-it of a c immltteo of inquiry to oxaailno >ei report on the soso's of tho company. Shares have Wta hool thirty por cont. premium to twonty psr Mt. dlicoimt. t'ho Collingwood Gas Company, ia 'pits ot ihc keen competition of their older contompo my, luv j bain emolcd to declare aten per oont. dividend, loiviog the sum of £1,063 at credit of re lane. Their shares aro at present quoted five pjf cant, Oucyint, rho progress of all the provincial gas companies boa boon steady (except Kyuoton, detuaotj and dMtoidi .satisfaotory, wbilo the valua of shares has undfrjono no fluctuttton, " Of the fifty miniog companies on onr list of 21st July, 1863, only fit it cn aro now in existence, which, illuoush supplemented by otners, besides those that hive liiod as It woro for a day, show no signs of Titaiit?, and affird a lasting record of wild speculation ltd rccklsas misenana^omout ; to the latter caujo the «antof bucocsj is no ooubt mainly attributable, a3 wo ttl that much of the ground previously hold by com- plies has boon woikoil prlvatoly to advantage, while ti! S3CCCSI cf tho large companies on the deop lead] el Ballarat hat generally exceeded tho most sanguino tipictatidn» of the shareholders, thereby affording an undcnlablo proof that with oxperlsnced anl economical management mining will pay tho capitalist a larger return for his outlay than any investment at lib orarannd. We do not proiumo to decide as to the frcper modo of conducting the oporatlons of mining companies; bit the exporienco gained by having wards of mauagement, with all tho oxponslvo details el offles accommodation in Melbourne, has been suoh «> to narrant us In recommonding their immeliato abolltlin-if thny cannot bo carried on profitably by ra-n on tie spot, ii ia bettor that tho ground should beabandoned at onco." The following is a statement of the traffic) returns of all the railway lines in operation ia lictotia for the month of January, with the exception of tho Essendon, the returns of which have not yet boon published periodically : Pas- i Mor sengers. chandoso. s. d.! |U3S9 0 2 6550 2 O 8912 7 8' 1402 511 , £ s.d., 11797 8 S 86721810 IBU 2 . £ s. d. [23180 16 i 9223 1 7 8042 7 3 1481 0 1 ivliïï. ' ° ^solvency Circular, wo learn J. , j ""usually small number of sixty , i . S'61 wcro filod in "»o Molbourne insolvent Court, and twenty-six in Geelong, during January. The trades and profes K a-.l 6t?l0d. aB foll°w :-l auctioneer, 3 Wa ksmiths, 1 baker, 1 brewer, 1 boat-builder 1 lauder. 5 binni,«- a_¿_._-__f_ o j. * . , "V .*.uiv»"«ver, a arapers, i arover, \- eruggists, 1 dressmaker, 1 doctor and squatter, ÍSeef' ^^oirravor, 3 farmers, 2 grocers, 1 horse-dealer, 2 labourers, 1 limeburner; 1 mason. \- merchants, 9 minora, 1 oculist, 9 publicans, 1 mflleT' X quar'z-crushing company, 4 restau ant-kecpera 3 atorekeepers, 1 surveyor, 2 sou- ci ors 1 shoemaker. 1 tobacconist, 1 wheel tlT,i' an 1 'i0 tradca not stated-viz" 1 gon nS, Md î, widow- AmonSât th0 «?*>" ,7î,? three Chinamen, whose aggra nuhlf' 6ta-t0 £13»12s.6d. There wore sever! ÏÏ.I^¡^wnents for tho benefit of creditors, «tat« w Je-r 0f St, .- ol?cml assignoes filed twenty plans isnni,! Utf'0U'm fiv00t Whi0h WO notice thora ? 'nothing for concurrent creditors, tho law costs walfnx "reni. .Lal,M beinß raorothan suffioiont to cthtc p that °°uU ba roa!i8etl from "»°» TAniPE* 01? VICTORIA. IuroitT Duiiks. Bato of AcirV0.rtor' S!1r,?c<)' and other boar, elder, and «.'u*. .perry, persai|on » . - - fers, per lb. .. 6 0 U ree ,ud chicory, per lb. .. .. .. o' 2 tt-î;.wlî"nB ïT'01"*' of anv «'«ngth not hiim,, ? tho .>tton-th or proor by Sykoa' ajdroutoier and bo on In proportion for any Ärf°* '<»? Btrengtli than the Btrenfjtn «prcor, per gallon . .. 10 0 I ' ' --* « Spirits,[cordials, liqueurs, nr strong waiora, awcetonod or mixed with any article, so that the degreo ol strength cannot bo ascertained by 8y_os' hydrometer, nor gallon .. .. 10 O Spirits, perfumed, por puloii.10 o Sugar, raw and rounciT, and sugar candy, per cwt, . "...0 0 If olasacs and treacle, per cwt.8 0 Opium, and all preparations thoreof, per lb... 10 0 Ten, per lb..OG Tobacco, manufactured, and snuff, per lb. .. 2 0 Tobacco, unmanufactured, In leaf or Bttm, per lb.10 Tobacco, aheopwuh, perJb.OB \Tino, per gallon .. .. .. .. ..8 0 Bice, per cwt. .. ...2 0 Dried fruits, por cwt.10 0 Halt, per bushel.0 0 Hops, per lb.0 2 Exrou.- Duty. Gold, manufactured and unmanufaotured, and foreign coin, per oz.2 6 (After July 1,1802, this duty will be reduced to2a.) BaaisiiUTlON Fsb. Gócela imported In packages or pareóla, per packago or parcel, or other unit of ontry .. 0 2 Gooda imported in bulk, by weight, mensuro, I or numbor, for each unit of entry .. .. 0 2 ' IMPORTS At the Fort of Melbourne from the 18th January j to tho 15th February, 1862, compared with the j corresponding period of 1861. Agricultural elementa Alkali-Soda, tons Apparel and Blops Ammunition Fuse, caps, &e..; Powder.. Shot, tons Arma Guns and pistola Arrowroot, lb. .. Hags and sacks .. Bark, tona Beer Bottled Draught BiECUit, tona Blanketa and wool lena Booka Boots andshooa.. Bran, bushels .. Bricks Bath .. Building, Ko. .. ErUBhworo Building material: Butter, tona Cabbage tree Candles, tons Candlewick CanvaB Carpeting Carriages, carts, Casks, ompty Cement .. Cb ceso, tons Chicory .. Chlnawaro Cider Coals, tone Cocoa and choco? lato,lb... Coffee Coir fibre, iona Coko andfuol, tona Confectionery Copper, tonB Copper oro, tona Copperwaro " tirasawnro Cordago, tons Cork a Cottons .. Cotton waste Cutlery .. I Drapery .. Drugs Dnif/giata' ware ' Ep.rthonware Eggs Fancy goods Felt FlBh Freeh Preserved Salted, tona Flour, do... Fruit I Bottled Dried .. Green, buahelB Furnituro and up holatory Fura Glass Bottlca .. Plato .. "Window Glassware Gluo Gold Kal .. Grain and 6,287 1,6 2,244 l61 7,128 18,29! 0,104 83,030 8,108 37,017 2,008 16 160 3,6*1 788 6,840 21 10,420 109 2,240 710 10,367 27 1,040 6,878 701 1,220 I7TÔOS 1,421 7,210 1,244 10,668 70 770 170,210 6,708 847 8,277 818 1,877 20! 6,603 2,168 0,647 8,164 14,607 1,031 0,071 47 I»1 460 7,710 14,011 10,446! 16,960 8,061 44,407 2,310 86 SOO 1, 806 19,800 62.200 476 660 2,514 "SO 8,810 1,307 827 7 12,182 .170 1,222 665 976 18,066 S,87C 1,183 1,871 0,401 1,628 241,819 11,072 606 4,849 1,810 6,143 186 7,709 8,207 41,053 360 3,707 11,869 4,006 2,960| 4,270 87,979 20,200 ~0S "Ï44 18,74 29,67 8~ 9,044 619 "*61 [694 20,801 Earley, buBhcls. Beans and peas do. .. Gram, tons Maize, bushels., I Malt, do. Oats, do. Bice, tona Wheat, bushels Dndescrlbeel, do | Grindery .. Grindstones Guano, tons Babordnshery Bair, tons.. Hardware nnd| Ironmongery Bats and capa Bay, tons.. Hides, No.. Hollownro Honey, lb.. Hops, do... Hosiery .. Indiarubber goods] Instruments Musical.. Scientific Iren, tona Jewcllory.. Lead,tons Leather, cwt. Lcatherwaro Linon Livo Btocle Horned cattle, No. .. Horses, do. Dogs, do. Birds .. Sheep, No. Machinery Marble Matches and vestas | Mate and rugo Meal Corn, tons Oat, do... Metal Yellow, tons MUlinory .. Molasses .. Nails and screws, tons Naphtha and cam phino, gals. . Nets Huts Oil Colza, gal. Cocoanut, do.. Kerosene, do,. Linseed, do. . Olive, do. Undeserlbed,do. Oilcloth .. Oilmen's stores Onions, tons Opium Paintings and on-j gravlngs Faints, &c.; Paperhanginga . Perfumery Photographic goods .. Pipes-Tobacco . Fitch, tar, &c.; . Plants and seeds. Plato and plated I S3 81 20, 6,018 880 66 820 l8 100 2,686 230| 25,044 8,006! 210 ' 7, 1,335 l8 2,278! 6,828! 700 1,686 468 18,031 110| 1,017 571, 012 1,707 1|4!1 26,205 5,100 1,301 3,488, 303 1,110 2,100 3,760! 841 209 10,862 860 28,789! 320 7,706 122 3,767 3,074 76 870 1,074 460 1,603 8,010 11,680 490 10,181 "â48 66 1,050 4,6"" 1,0 10,7101 0,220 877 1,024 5,009 211 2,295 1,283 29,381 2,843 853 510 287 700 1,140 420 1,174 6,S03 . 600 16 060 70 220 610 10,848 160 18,248 20 19,480 310 1,985 690 847 155 1,124 waro .. Plumbers' ware Potatoes, tons Preservoa Printing matoriali Provisions Preserved Salted, tons Quicksilver Hallway materials Jtesin Eaddlcry .. Salt, tons.. Ebipchondlcry Silks Skins Blates, No. Boap.tons.. Specie Bpcclmens of Tiri tural Iliatoiy Bpicea Spirits Brandy.. Cordials Gin Of wine. Pcrfumod Bum .. Whiskey Vndcbcribed Spongo Btarch r Blurch rind blue 1 Stationery Steel, tons Stone Building, tona Mill Btonowaro Sugar Tallow, tona Tapioca, lb. Tenta and tarpau lins Tea Timber Deals, No. Laths .. Palinga, No, Loga and piles, do. .. Poeta and rails, do. .. Sawn, feet fcblnglea, do. 1,664 10! 2,370 4,814 26,68»' l8 6,870 1802 180,121 1,211 1,484 6,841 220 19,724 061 2,980 702 2.35Î 680 1,279 16,802 620 1,786 110 76 74,000 60 70 148 83,802 7,860 31E 1,059 1,481 40 12,234 l,01î| 8,201 11,802 1,046 «9,050 4,810 370 8,620 89 970 85Í 60,000 so.oot 41 3,835 164 1,000 ceo 22,818, 830, 160] 47,861; 149,234 47 74,100 li 1.672¡ 61,212 1,746 20 084 700 135 H.4001,803',400 \- ' 20,0011 32,674 1707100 £71 2,000 6,643 lGtvJOO 232 4,750 1,442,821 Miscellaneous. Soll. Tinware .. Tobacco .. Cigars .. Snuff .. TobncconistB' ware Tools and utonslla Toys and turnory Turpentino and varnish, gals. Twine and thread, tons Vinegar, gals. Watches and clocks rVbltlcgand chalk, tons WIckerwaro Wino Woodenware Wool, lb... Zinc, tons.. Miscellaneous Î0.040 2,090 90 1,870 1,261 104 23,044 1,810 19,022 162 3,080 19,688 6,802 1,037 1,170 310 100 27,614 613 10,026 00 2,777 2,6601 266,130 18,403 58 108,017 2 EXPORTS. Quantities. Agricultural Im- plements Alkali-Soda, tons Apparel and slops I Arms and ammu-| nition .. Arrowroot, lb. Bags and sacks Beer Bottled, g'alB. .. Draught, do. Biscuit, tons Block sand, do. Blankets and wool- s' lons .. Bones, tons Books Boots and shoes . Bran, bushels . Bricks, Ho. Brushwaro Building matorials Butter, tons Candles, do. Canvas .. Carpeting Carriages, calla, &c.; Casks, ompty Cornent .. Cheese, tons Chicory .. C hlnawaro Oidci Coals, tons Cocoa and choco- late, lb... CoITco Confectionery . Copper, tons Copper ore, do, . Copporware Cordsgo, tons , Corks Cottons .. Cutlery .. Drapery .. DrugB DiuigUts'ware . Earthenware Fancy goods Fish Suited, tons . Preserved Flax Flour, tons Fruit Dried, tons Green, bushels Furniture ©lass Bottles .. Plato ,. Window Glassware Gold, ounces Grain Barley, bushels. Gram, tona Malt, bushols , OatB, do. Rice, tons Grindery ..' Guano, tons Haberdashery Hardware and ironmongery Hats and caps .. Hay, tons.. Hides, Ko. Hollowaro Hops, lb. .. Horns and hoofs.. Hosiery .. Houses .. leo, tons.. Instruments - 5,826 1,1 0,8091 1,119 223 4,472 320 112 961 2,050 7,890 67,961 23,000 1,923 177,203 Musical.. Scientific Iron and stool, tons Jewellery.. Bead, tona Leather, do. Leatherwaro Lime, bushels Live stock Cattlo, No. Horses, do. Sheep, do. Dogs, do. Machinery Matches and vesta." Mats and ruaa . Meal-Oat, tons. Millinery .. HolasscB .. Naptha and cam phino, gala. Halls and acrowa, tons Olia, gala. Oilcloth .. Oilmen's stores Opium Onion!*, tons Paints Paintings and on gravlnga Paperhanginga .. Porf umory Photographie ,gooda Pitch and tar Plpo8-Tobacco .. Planta and aood... Plato and plated ware Potatoes, toni Prcsorvea .. Printing mntoriala Provisions Preserved Salted, tons Baga, tons Ballway materials Basin , .. Saddlery .. Sago,lb. .. Salt, tons.. Shlp-cbandlery .. Silks Skins Slates, No. Soap, tona Bpocio-Gold Specimens of Natu- ral History Splcca Spirits Brandy Cordials Gin Or wine.. Perfumed Bum .. Whiskey TJndcscribcd Btaroh and blue .. Stationery Btonewaro Sugar Tallow, tons Tea Tenta and tar- paulins Timber .. Tin.. Tlnwaro .. Tobacco .. Clgara .. Snuff .. Toola and utensils Toys and turnor}' Turpontlno and varnish, gals. Vinegar, ¿als. Watchos & clocks Wino. gals. Woodonwaro Wool, lb... Zlne, tona.. 2,007 2,466 40 201 4,116 1,294 76 2,055 665 1,712 8,403 1!0 200 70 108 24 10 273 3401 637 003 8,206 1,289 12 3,88.1 490 1,690 85,055 10,051 300 8,781 2,360 1,064 120 2/Í40 31 18,068 7,168 7,686 4,881 16 108 7,063 2,807 26 001 247 8,203 151,424 3D.I 77 li.03 140 276 1,050 1,900 3,259 28 8,231 2,856 276 85,470 10,827 1221 728¡ 12,034 4,916 6,954 70 1,780 "~ 1 10,411 808 21 243 16 26 62 201 1,401 824 202,017 265 103 F 3 6,280 28,900 7 20 6SS 2J14 2,405,031 10 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argut omeo, Friday Evening. Our report by the last month's mall lntlmatod a generally Improved condition of markots for importod goods, with a healthy state of buslnoss, and holden firm, awaiting further Information na to the possi- bility of a rupture of tho friendly relations hi'.hort) subsisting botvvoen England and tho United Stat o i of America. A month has, however, passed, and tho abienco of tho December mail loavos mattors lu a continued slate of «is.-'ei so. Corjocture s>jggo -ta various restons for tbo sen arrival of the Panln fular and Oriental Coniuauj's steamer Balsetto, but j v hellier owing to occident or uihor ciubos, tho j result, as far as business Is concerned, Is the same, I s« holders aro indlspo'cd to sell except at fall prloei, | under the prospect of higher rates bein" shortly pro- , eulabie, and dialers aro naturally unwilling to lay iu ' Btccki,t bejond their Immcdlato wants, at high Usures. In.the t-tato of utter uncertainty of tho aira rj Of tho world boyond our own Immodiitu portion of it ] opinions of tbo prospects fe- gooda must be a matter j (f bawd, and our reprit Is consequently limitot ihlefly to what has transpired during tho month. le i io, however, satisfactory to bo enabled to SBy tho/, alt tough transadle ns have not beta extensive, busl ness Is In a healthy, sound condition. Stocks of moit descriptions of importod goeds have become con- siderably worked off, and holders aro of course firmer, whilst for thosoarticles still hoavy instock, there Is no deposition shown to forco Bales, the general belief ox tressed belmr, that even without an outbreak with America, shippers bavo at length bec mo aware that vtnturef», to be remunerative, mun bo limited to our ceniumpi'an, with the nllowirco ol n modi r-t« margin ftrtbipt-ciita wthomlghbouimgCj'orlo«,andtliatvY« aro not likely to be again Inundated from all quarters, as for several years past has been the case, with ali descriptions of gooda, no matter even how unaultodfor the market, and which, being sacrificed for wh&tevor; tiny would produce, lu j und the valuea of bettor clatEoa of goods. Tho anxiety with which the arrival of the long overdue mall is looked for inorcoaes dally, and, BB wo havo already remarked, io much dependa upon the natnro of tho advices ano will bring, that {iriceawill continue unsettled until their receipt. So ong, however, as shipments aro kept with In the bcunda of moderation, oar present quotations aro not likely to suffer reduction to any extent of significance. With there remarks w o proc'cd to more dotailcd parti colara of the loading artlclea of general coruumption. i Beer, both In draught and bottle, has been in steady request ;. but in antic patton of tho arrival of tho newly brewed, holders ol bulk alcB aro endeavouring to realize, and prices havo drooped fully 2a. 6d. per hid. Eottlcd is in good demand ; atout moro espe- cially, lor which there Ia a good inquiry at advancing pr'cei. Salea ef bottled ale aro chiefly confined to those of moat preferred branda ; inforler aorta still íuling low in price. Quotations aro : Ale. -.Baaa'a No. 8, now, £8 10». ; Allaopp'a, £8 6s.; other Burton brewers', £7 to £7 7a, per hhd. ; Joule's Stone, £8.5°. ; Tennont's, £7 O' per hhd. ¡Byasa'a, bottled, 9>.6d. ; London and Colo- nial Company's, 9i 8d. to 0s. Cd ; Allaopp'a, 9a. bil. ; other bottiers', 9s. Stout- Best brands, £6 10s.; other brewetB', £6 10s. por hhd. ; Byata's, bottled, Ila. 6d. ; Allsopp'», bottled by Friend, quarts, 10a. ; Londonand Colonial Company's, 10a ; other bottlers', Ss.'.Cd. per dozen ; Barolay _ porter, bottlod by Friend, qertitr, lOi. 8d. Bags and Backs -The harvest requirements havo created an Inquiry for three bushel sacks, and sales havo been brisk at improved priées-14a. per doz h\i been paid today, »nd the wholo of the supply of second-hand sacks having boan purcboaed for cou airy u o, any further demand will tond to advance prl :e¡. Bian bags are inquired for. In wool packs, as usuil at this season of tho year, there ia nothing doing. Butter.-The long continued drought having »torno. the supply of fi esb, imported aorta havo taken a start, and for bolt newly-landed pareóla thoro haabeon a good demand. Sales of lilla description aro reported to-day at 18d,t and old, in good condition, at Od. The summer, however, la near ita close, and with tho first rtioB feed will become abundant, and, tho tem- peratura permitting ita manufacturo, fresh butter will »gain becomo plentiful, and prices of imported con« ccqnently recede. Condies.-British sperm aro iu cnty moderate stock, and prices firm, although held 'In check by the large lurpliea of Nova atearinu, the comparatively low prioa of whieh prevents any advance which othorwiao might take place in thovaluoof ßritlsh-m ide torta. Quotations aro:-Neva stéarine, la. 2d. ; Belmont sperm, 18]d. to l»i 18id. per lb. Canvas-Inquiry Is limited to small parcels of n cdlum to Uno descriptions, for which thore Is Bale at Hid. to lid poryaid Cement continues dull of salo ; stocks aro heavy, and prices all but nominal Fortland 1b quoted at from 18b to 14s. ; and Boman, 12s to 18s per barrol. Coola -Supplies of colonial come forwaid again quito equal to tho requirement, which, dnring tho hot v, eather, Is necessarily it_it liih waa mado at 87a öd per ton, landed on tho wharf Best colonial aro worth from 86s to 80s. per ton, also on the wharf Confectionery has boen In improved inquiry, chiefly lor tho Sydney market. Stocks aro much reduced, and prices firmer, etsortcd sorts bringing lOd por lb Cordage is generally w oil supplied, and dull of salo Stccks ol twiuo are lessening, but la'cs are not brisk, although prices aro Arm Quotat'onB aro as follow - Europe, £30 to £33, KusBian, £40, coir, £80 to £33 ; Manilla (assorted), ¿60 to £52 per ton; shop twine, lCd ; twIno, sewing, 12d. to 13d per lb Drugs have scarcely undergone any variation sines our last report Opium contlnu'sdull of salo, Patin (duty paid) is still quoted at £Î70 per chcBt, and pro pared, 27s Od to 28s Cd per canister Soda crystals are In rather better inquiry, but at very low rates. Ecdaash remaina unmptoved, and very dull of sale Quotations aie -Opium, Pntna, £270 por cheat, duty paid, prepared, 27s Oil to S8s per canister; soda crjbtals, £7, soda ash, £11 to £12 per ton, sulphur, Hour, 20s to 21s perewt , carbonato soda, 18s to 19s p< r cwt , tartarlc acid, 2a Od per lb ; cream of tartar, Is 6d. per lb Earthenware -General Invoices are still dull of salo, although, for assorted and Euitablo parcels, fair ad V» nceBaro obtainable Fish, Dried and Halted.-Ling flin is In moro In qi iry, and well conditioned parcela find readior en o Bed hen Inge, in tins, are acaree, and in Inquiry lVuiio are also in domand, and eileablo at quotations Prices aro aa follow - Lingflili, prime, 4d , herrings, rod, two dozen tins, 'lit to 20s per dezon, white, in firkins, 10s. to 10«. ed.l;lntins, Oa to6s.0d. Flour and Grain -Tho market has undergono but llvtlo altciatlon. A. fair, steady trado demand has existed for both flour, whoat, and liorso corn Wboa. Is now coming more freely to market, and pricoa are rtthereaalor, causing a corresponding feeling in tho 1'cur market. Oats havo steadily sustained thoir value, ind but for tho.uucertalnty of what supplies may un- expectedly come to hand from California, Improve« u cnt In present prices would ensue. Malt has beon in atoady demand causing a slight advance ia prices Gram is in but llltlo domand, stocks aio light, and prices steady at quotations. Maíz o lu in light demand, and hold for full prices. Tran io stoady rcquost, but easier In piioe, Quotations oro - Flour.-Tasmanian, £12 to £18; t. delaldo, £18 to £13 10s, superflue, £14 ; Call- ie mian, £11 10s to £12 per toa; United Statos, 82s. to 84s. nor barrel. Wheat -Colonial, 4s 10d.to53 3d; Adelaide, 6b Od to 6s. 9d ; Californian, 6s to 6s 8d. I er bushel Oats-Irish and Scotch, 3s Sd to 8s id; Californian, 3s. lOd to 4s , colonial, 4s 8d to 4s 4d. j-cr lushel. Barley -Malting, 6s , feeding, 4« to 4 s 3d. por bruhoL Maize, Sydney grown, Os to 6s 8d. 1er tuehel Malt, 11b to 11s Od. Gram, £9 10s. to £10 per ton Bran, 1b 5d to Is, Od. per bushel. Maize meal, £16 Peas meal, £31 per ton. Scotch oat« treal, £10to £19 , colonial, £25 portón. Groceries-Ceilocs havo been in stoady Inquiry, loth for shkmont and tho homo trado. but at this teason of tho year c nsnmptisa u compara« lively light, met prices havo undergono no (barge Of the tea market, fdessro Robert ion and Everard give the annexod report - " Tbo trado sir.co the commencement of the year has ttonofanaveinge character, anda vory fair nmount (f tea baa beon disposed of, notwithstanding tho com jparatlvely largo arrivals during that porlod. Al tho ccmmcncement of tho j oar, common congous wera tomewhat neglec ed, but at the time wo write nearly everything at a very low prlco is cleared off this market for export to New Zealand, and thore is still a demand for congou of a low character st about BJd to lOd for this purposo, half cheats being preferred. There has alBO boon a very fair demand for clean, rather strong, black loif Blick leaf, s*rong and ilavonry, at our quotations Wo may nleo add lhit wo aro conlldont a few chops of really fino Woopak or Moning congou would realize our quotations, as tho pnblio are far in advance if tho Irado In this colony in their dosire for Uno tea, so mucn so, that wo bel evo ono fourth of tho popula- tion would not grudgo an extra twenty llvo por cent, on tho cost if tbey could bo assured of a really good article In confirmation of this, we would refer theso In China conversant frith the exportations to Victoria, to tho throat improvement in quality whioh baa taken place during the last throe years In tho fermer period, tho fineBt congou Imported was a clean sound common tea, now, tho averago importations aro abovo that class , and we quito expect the colson oi 1803 will find tho demand for tilla place competing for tho illicit chops of congou, bo great Is the deBl o of tbo public to have toa as Duo as can bo obtained In England The auotlons during tho month havo oom prlsod moat of tbe recont arrivals, but havo not boon viry successful The first of those occurred on tho 28rd January, and comprised 1.0G0 cheats oongou, A A., per Junltoi, and s mo Oolongs and gunpowder, whioh wore sold privately boforo the sale, allround, at something Uko Is 9d por lb for tho congou-thoy wero allowed, hi wovor,togotoauct Ion, andafewcheBts were reported as told at 2s. 2d per lb On tho 21th tho Macao's cargo was tried at auotion, and nearly 2,000 packages sold at from Is. 6d to Is. Od for black leaf Congou, chest nnd half chests, and 2i for scoatod orange Ptk»cs, in boxea The Motarla cargo was trlod at auction on tho 31st January, but only a lew half cheats of mixed blacklBh lost Congou sold at Is 4d , and some very fair quality of common, in half chc-ts, rather Savoury, at 1b , some poitions of tbo cargo bavo nineo boen Bold privaloly at from lOd. to Is BJ, according to quality. OutholltaFobrnnry, afewsuu dries wore tried including SOO llvo catty boxes flowery FoKoe(hoatcd and outof condltlon),also some mouchong and mixed spurious krd of Canton made gunpowder ; nothing soldat auction, but tho flowery pekoes worn afterwards dliposed of privately at Od per lb On tho 12th, the romoining portion of tbo cargo of tho Jupltor, AB. to Al', were tried, but nono sold, Privatoly, howovtr, a portion of tbo finest chop, A B, sold at Is. lid to 2s por lb , and a chop ofhalfchos.a at Is 2d At the satro ttme, 2,021 packages, pot Ovcrmann, pasEol tho hammer-one chop of half chests, common, sold 119Jd por lb. ; and a chop of ton catty boxes good blsck-loi-f congou, ra , old, at Is. 61. On tho 20tb, nb ut ODO packages, chests and bair chests (old import), of vory ordinary congou passed tho hammer, but no efft-rs wero mode near the re- ceived piicoB Several sales of damaged perçois havo also been held during the month, and, as usual, very good prices were on tho avorago obtained.",!!» arrivals of tbo Joshua Bates from Hong Kong, and tho Cores, ftom FooOhow Foo.ore announced at the Hoads to day bugara, being well held, havo steadily maintained their prices; tho trado nre, howovor, indisposed to inoroaso their stocks at prcsont prlcos, and but fow trans» tiona of any amount havo lately taken place To day three vessels from Mauritius [and one from Manilla havo arrived, and should any attompt to force the market be mado, prices will In all probab llty slightly givoway. Rico bas been but In modérais inquiry, the high cost, with the nowly-lovled duty of a per cwt., chocking purchases, andtho comparatively low price of flour diminishing the consumption of rico. Quotations aro -Gofios (Inbond) -Ceylon plantation, I'd. tolOd. ; nativo, 7d to 7}d. ; Java, 7d. por lb Sugar (duty paid) -Coaslporo, No. 1, 53s to 61a ; Mauritius, low to Uno yollow, 87s to Ila. ; low to Uno blown, 82a to 36s. per cwt Bice -Fatua, £13 to £1810s -lea.-Congou, good ordinary to uno, £3 to £11 ¡low to medium, £510s. to £7 per csest, gun- powder, 2s 6d. to 8s , orango pskoo, 2s. to 2s Ud ; hyson, 2s to 2s 8d. per lb. Gunpowder-A speculative feeling has causad a slight advance in prlcos, but stocks are heavy. Salos ot best blasting sorts havo boon mado at 7Jd per lb. Fruits-Dried havo beon in improved dooiand, aud good conditioned sorts aro saleable at quo'cd prices currants aro scarce, and for beet camples tjei to OJd Is readily procured. Quo-atlons aro - Curraints, OU to f jd. Raisins (new), Mutcate), lOd to lid , Cape, 7d to 71d. Hops continuo w Ithout alteration, demnnd has boon moderato, and quotations aro unchanged. Kent aud Sussex, I860, aro quoted at 1b lOd to 2a, and 1801 at 2s. 3d. to 2s. Id por lb. Hardware and ironmongery still show no Improve- ment, stocks aro vcrj hoavj, a d the trado b ing w -11 supplied, tales ara difficult to illíit Metals -Corrugated Iren is In rathor bet' cr demand, but only at low prlcos Sheet lead 1b Iieav tty stocked and almost unsaleable 2 i o Is la botttr demand an 1 tllfchtly improving In value Uni lato I show no lui I irovement, and with tbo litnvy supplies on hanJ, have a downward Inclina Ion Per black w re thora Is mero Inquiry, and for anglo and T Iron th ro is also a be.ter market. Quotations aro as follow :-Horowood's patent corrugated galvanizo! tlnned,24 and 26 gauges, ¿36 per ton ; Morewood'a cor- rugated galvanized. No 2, or nntlnncd, £3310s do ; Sapper's do, £3310« do ; Hamilton's or other Ea< Hen maker's. £82 do ; Scotch, £80; Morewood'a Salvanlted tinned plain, 20 and 23 gauges, £10 c. ; Tuppor's, or other Engliih makers, £88 do ; Scotch do, £85 do ; rod and bar, best Staffordshire I brands, BUH, £10 do ; do, Scotch, £910s. do.; pitts, £18 do. ; «hoot assorte-, £16 do ; angle and T, Ml do. ; hoon, £12 do. ; pig, £4 101. do ; Swedlah, j M talo. Lead-Pipe, assorted alaos, £28 to £29 do. ; Iheet, milled, assorted, £24 do.; shot, atiorted, ' MO do. Quicksilver, la. 8d. nor lb, Stool-BUiter, ! C2 6a. por owt: cast, £210a. do. Tin-Block, Is. 61. ! to li. Bd. per lb. ; plates, charcoal, IO, plates, char- coal, IX, 16 per cent, advance. Wire-l'onclnir, j black, £16 per ton; galvanized, Noa. 1 to 6, £13 do. Zinc-Boiled, light, £82 do,; (io. nails, £2 8a to £ i IO*, per cwt. : Oilmtn'a Stores.-Theao goods, gonorally, a*, longth ¡ have shown improvement. Pickles, salad oil, oyatora, I and sardlnoa aro acareo. Jama and bottled fi ulta are i aaleable, but only at vory low ratea, nor can imj.rova ment bo looked for until the close of tho action fir ! fresh frnlta. Salmon la light in atock, and is improv lr g in inquiry. lluBtardand starch aro in unprovod inquiry. Pearl barley alto ia wanted, rorirnoortod ! oatmeal thoro is no demand, and aaucea are almoat . untaleable at any figure. Tho following are quota, i tloni ;-Bottled vinegar is in demand, out that in bulk very dull. Bluo, thumb, lOd. por lb ; currie I powder, quarts, 18s. to 14b. per dozen ; fruits, bottled, j quarts, 9s. 6d. do. ; Jams and jellies, lib. tina, 10a 6d. cío. ; lobster«, lib. tins,American, 8a Oil. do.; macaroni, 7_d. perlb.; vermicelli, whlto, Naples and Genoa, 6d, do.; mustard, in bulk, No 2, 8Jd. do. ; do., in lib. bottles, 12s. 6d. pcrdszon ; do., in ¿lb. bottles, 8s, do. ; oatmeal, £19 to £20 per ton ¡oysters, preserved, lib. tua, 16a. to 15s 6d. per dozen, do , 21b. tin«, 17b. to 20» do.; pickles, quarts, 10a. to lia. 6d. au ; do., pinta, 9a. do. ; preserved monta, 21b tins, wantod ; aalad oil, pinta, 14s. por dozon ; do, half-pints, 7b. 6d. do. ; salmon, preaerved, lib. tinH, 17s. Cd. do.; sardines, halves, Ils. do. ; do , quarto», 7a. do.; Bailees, assorted, half-pints, 7s. do ; do. Worcestershire (Lea and Perrin'*), 12s to 12a. G1, do.; starch (Oolinan's),6Jd. per lb.; vinegar, brown (Champion's 24), la. lOd. per gallon ; do, concen- tra' ed, quarts, 0a. to 10b. per dozen; whlto wine, Is. 61, tola, Od. por gallon. Olia, Paints, ice -Whito and red load are in slight Inquiry, but at unaltered prices Turpoulu. is acaree, and in ctmand. Stocks of Unseed oil are much reduced, ano with improved requeit price» ara filmer. For co'za oil thtro is also moro inquiry, but without amendment in price. Quotations aro: Llnserd oil (raw), 8a. 9d. ; boiled, 4s.; colza, 5s,; Chinese, 4s. (id. to 4s. 8d. ; turpentine, 6a por .allon. White load, best, 88s. ; red lead, 80s per cwt. Provisions continue in good request, and prime parcels of hams, bacon, and cheese can bo readily ultpcBod of at about the uniform price of l_.d. to 13d. perlb.; second brenda, in good condition, nar- ing from about lO.d. to Had. per lb, Quota- tions are : - Bacon-Varey's, J 2d, ; Sinclair's, 121. to 18d.; Compton'«, lid Hama - Varey'», 12Jd.; Sinclair's, 18d. ; Cumberland, lOJd. to lid. ; West- phalia, 7_d. to 8d. per lb. Oheeso - Double Gloucester, la. to la. Id.; Wiltshire, lOid. to lid. ; Cheshire, Is. to la. Id. ; Goude, 7d, to 8d. par lb. Pork-Irish moss, £4 6a. to £4 10a. por barrol; beef, £4 per tioree Bait has becomo reduced in atock by the late ship, menta, and advanced prices are induced. Salea of Liverpool como have been made at from £4 10a to £6 per ton, at which rates both fino and coarao aro held. Spirits-Bra:die« remain very firm; thero aro but fen Boilers, and thoio unwillingly quit other than small parcels (or direct use Low class iona aro nearly cleared out, tho Sydney marketa having taken consi- derable parcels of these aa well as tho liner aorta. Bum alio has Improved in dornand, and is firmer in prico. Wnlekoy, particularly in'quarter caska, is mo- derately saleable. Gonova passed rapidly into consump- tion, and deaplto arrivals, maintains its value Should shipments prove moderate a material advance in prlco would be likely to ensue. Ihe following aro importera^ prices :-(In bond).- Brandy, Martell's dark, 12s. : do. pale, 12a. per gallon ; Hennessy'« do,, Hi. Od. per gal- lon; pale, Ha, Od. ; Otard's, 10s. 8d. do. ; United Vine yard Proprietors' do., 10s. ; Champagne Vinoyard Proprietors' Company's do., 10s. 9d" palo 11b, do. ; Vincgrowera', 10s. do. ; other brands do., 6a. to 8s. do. ; palo, Martell's or Hennessy'«, 80s. per dozen case ; do., u. V. Propriotora', 29a. do ; Vinesrowora', 26s. do.; Champagne Vineyard Proprietors' Company's, 26a. to 27a. do. ; Olonzeau's, 24a. do, Geneva- JDKZ or key brand, 18a. 6d. per four-gallon caao ; do., do., 7s. Od. per half-case ; do., otfior branda, 10s. to 18s. per case. Gin-London old tom, best brands, 2s. 6d. per gallon; do., do., 18a. Od. per dozen. Brun Knot India, 20 to 80 o.p., la. Od. to 2s. 8d. per gallon ; ' Weat India, 10 to 12 o.p., Sa. 8(1. do. ; do., 20 to £0 o.p., 8s. Od. do. Whiskey- Irlah,Meh»n's, 4s. 9d. do. ; Bcotch, best, la. Od. do. ; do,, boBt brands, 13], per dozen case. Timber remains dall. Tho country demand con- tinuée very light, and prlco*. show no appcaranco of Improvement. Boals havo again declined in value, ar.d aro not re-.dily saleable. Quotations aro as follow:-Oregon, £8 10a. to £0 10s. por 1,000 Toot. Cedar-Loga, 22a. to 25a. pcrlOOfoet; boarda, 1-Inch and upwards, SJd. to 4d. per foct super. ' Lumber and shelving, £9 10s. to £10 10s. per 1,000 feet. Denis-Bed, 9x8, 6Jd.l per foot ; 11 x 8, 7id. de. Scotch prepared flooring, 6 x li, lad. per feet ; 6 x 2, l.d. do. ; 6 x .. l.d. do. ; 6 x ., l*¡d. do. Pitch or hard pine, 1-Inch, £15 per 1,000 fcot ; 11-incb, £16 do. Cloar pine, 1-Inch, £19 to £20 por 1,000 foot. Tobacco.-Vr. W. K. A. Hall aupplloa the sub- joined roport :-"The advices from the States nor tait mail wero sufficiently encouraging to cauce holders of tobacco to be Armor at advancod rates, and In censa qnence, purchasers thia month havo bought to a limited extent only, preferring to wait further news by the now long overdue steamer, en much dependa upon tho probable extent ol this y oar's crop, and tho pro- grese of the ci and Snow Squall from New York, aro the only vouch that have added to tho stocks this month. Barratt'.!, 3s. ; other brand«, 2a. Sd. to 2s. Od. ; bal vea, le 7d. to Is. Od. ; toas, la. 4d. to la. Od. ; sheepwash, 7d " Wines.-There has boen a fair demand for gold medium qualities of both porta and shorrioi ; inquiry is, however, eaBier, but prices aro without alteration In light wines but little has been done, and aa tbo Benson fcr tbelr use ¡s drawing in, thero ia no prospect of im- provement for theto dotcrlptions MELBOURNE MABKBTS. / Friday, Febbt/aey 21. ! the mills j Inquiry for nour continues confined to small trail Orders for immediato use Prices are, however, un Changed, and remain aa last quoted : -Fine Hour, £11 lo£12 10b. Oatmeal £26 per ton. Bran, la. 4Jd. to Jl, 6d per bushel. Whoat, Ca to Gi. 8d. per buBhcl, " KBTA1L HABKB-B. Butohera*Heat - Boef, 2d. to 4_d, per lb.; mutton, id. to 4Jd. do ; veal, 6d. to 9d do ; pork, 8d. to 9d. do. Poultry - Turkoys, 10a to 12s oaoh ; geoso, 1,4s. to 16s. per pair; ducks, 7s. to 8s do.; (ow1b,~6i. to 7l. Gd. do. ; rabbits, 8*. Od. to 4s Od. per braco; butter, fresh, la. 8d. to Is. lOd per lb ; eggs, Se. Od per dozen ; milk, 8d. per quart; bread, 7d. to 8d tin iib. loaf. HAY MABKET. The market has been more modoratoly supplied th 11 Week, and a tolerably good inquiry exlalmg, sales havo boen moro readily mode, and prlcos for beat aorta unstained, the fiiw load, of primo hay bringing £7 por ton. EASTEBN MABEET. Thero waa a brltk demand at market on Wednesday, and produco sold readily at fair ralos Vegetable i generally woro scarce, and In demand. Samo good cab cages brought 8s por dozen ; dried onions, 14a per cwt. ; and potatoos, 4s, Od to 5a per cwt. Poaches wero somewhat ecarce, owing to tho lateness of tho season ; but good ripened fruits of all kind«, found ready purchase» at full margot prices. The following woro the pricea realized :-Vegetables. Basil, 2a. por dozen bunches; boans (kidney), 3J. to 4d por lb ; boot, la. per dozen ; bouquets, 6a, to 12i. per dozen; cabbages, la. 3d. to 8b, per dozen; Garrota, 9d. to Is nor dozen bunchsa; cress, water, la. per dozen bunchoa ; euoumbors, prickly, Od. to la. (3d. por dozen ; do, long spine, 2s. to 4a. po dc-on ; garlic, 4d per lb. ; horsoradlsb, Od. to 0J per bundlo ; lavendor, la per djzen bunches ; lettuce, fid. to 2b. per dozen ; marjoram and mint, 8d to Is per dozen bnnohcu ; onloua (dried), 12s to 14a par ont.; do (green), Od. to Is, per dozen bunohos, parsley, la. Od. to 2s. per dozen bunchoa ; paranips, Is to la. Cd, per dozen bunches; peas, 3d. per lb ; Set atoes, 6s, por cwt. ; pumpkin;, ia to 12a. por ozen ; radlah, lOd, to la per dozen bunchoa ; rhubarb, la. to 2a. per dozen bunches; aago, Od.toli.perdozan cunchos ; thymo, 8d per dozen bunches; turnips, It Cd. to 3a. 6d. por dozen bunches ¡tomatoes, 3d, to4d per lb. ; vegotahle marrows, 2e. (JJ. to 4a. por dozen ; red cabbage, 4b por dozen. Fruits.-Appin i, 2d. to S.d. per lb. ; damsons, 4d. per lb ; grapes, 6d to lOd. per lb ; melons (wator), 6s. to 8s. per dozen ; freck), 12s. to 24a, per dozen ; nectar mes, 2d to Gd. per dozen; peach», la to 2a. 3d. per dozon; pearn, 3d. to Od. per lb ; plums, 4d. to Sd. por lb. ; Dalry Produce.-Bntter, le. Id. to la. Od. per lb , ducks, 4a. to 6a. per pair; eggs, Is. Od. to 2s. por dozen : geese, 12s to 14s por pair ; hens, 3s. (Id. to 4i por pair ; honey, Is per lb ; pigeons, 2s. por pair ; Îiork, 8d. per lb. ; rabbits, 2e. to 4>, per pair ; auo-t ng pigs, 10a. to 16s. each ; turkeys, 14s. to lfls. pa. pair. WOOL, TALLOW, HIDE?, io. Mesara. B Goldsbrough and Co. supply the annex id report :-" Wool-Since the departure of tho Northa i the amount ot iualnoaa transacted has boen bu limited, buyers, la consequoueo of tho unfnourabb t dvicea received by the list mail from England, bel»,; i »relesa about purchasing, unless at n proportions < i eduction to that which has taken placo at tho Novcm I er solea In London, The flookmaatora ulao have bee i Irm in their demanda aa to price, consequently, r.i r otcd above, few saloB have been ellectcd Iho seaso i la now nearly b'Ought to a cloao, and tho wool i which aro offering aro not ot a eharacter cal eclated to induce much competition, bolng, ni la generally tho caiu with lato thorn wool), icmewhat burry, and not in such conntion aa ii dcairable. Another causo of ilio careloesncss abou pirchaslng ia tho non arrival of the mall steamer, du Fibruary Otb, which Is nawtblrtooa duyt overdui, ct neoquentiy, buyers, In tho absence of their advices, do not feel justiflod lu operating to any extent, mor > ei peclally bb the ospict of American attain looked vor-, gloomy when tho previous mall left We to&tod; th i u arket te diy by eliding 2,000 hales, and tuccecdo i in obtaining latlifttetorv prlcos for greasy woola ; an l a'ew lota of II-lo enoof which, consisting of 'event) ti reo laics, real red 23*;d per lb,-bo Hat uotaitii ti rinding tho depressed st uto of tho homo marko, luyera Bro rrtpared to glie good 1 rices fj really atipcrl r necks. The-follow li g ships ha.j < loured during the month n-ith wcol on uuord . - January 26-K _ Bright, for Llicrpccl, 8,607 bil in January 29-Oroit Utitil", for Llvo.pe- oi, 1,11' la'os; Fobiusry J-Copenhagen, for Lenden, 2,.S trtleB ; Febrmry 8-Prineo of Wales, for Lor doD.1,01 bales ; Tobruarj 17-.ruo Briton, for London, 1,1. toaleB ; total fivm Janiury ¿B to February 17, 0,17 ) balea ; ihleiiunts from October 15 to Jaiiinury 2> .6,685 bales ; t tal, 01,764 Prices élurent.-b.ipciu fleece, Is. OJ to2k ; mlddiimr tu gi ii, l*. 6ii. to I-, 7d ; inferLr tooidtnar.t, If Id lois 41.; Inferiort > ordinary graby, 8J. .o Oíd., goji) u fuporlin 9d. to la O.el ; aupenor tee mod (hut walu ; 2a to 2s 2d , ordinsry do, li 4d to la. Oil. Hides.-There ha\o been no tr.iniiclioi.a in lar. abipplrg patrot, ti pncis tffertd h\ mnchantsai.it) low te to leave the curt- ia : o r« mrei but to ship ti the Kngllf-h markc , unless they _ro prcparuu to rcalij here at a sacrifice Country Wiles In small lets ar aaleablo at from Ila to 12a 01 each Tallow.-Th demand for tallow, eltbor for ahlpmont or color lal un < la very limited, alihcu.h pi lies new nilli g woull liavoaftlr mar.in. Me have (hipped sevcial lar;, lota on ciclter.' account. PrlocB now rniln ; aro-Ij beef andmlxcd 11 ihlppirgcrJci, ^0t> till, co, £j8to£lJ pirtm Bblti-Cfcte .,,.-jort. A, Bright, ESC CVIB6; per Great Britain, y^'.ciska"" rtr Brinco of Wales, 180 casks; per TruoBriton, Oil etike; total, 1,364casks" 1 Messrs. Clough and Co. gtvo the following report oí I heir talo, held this day, with the prices and marks oi tto Eoveral lots di-poscdof !-"Wool.-At our sale, leid this day, wo cffcred nearly 1,000 bales; the tttccdanco of buyers was not so numerous as on iel mer occasions, but the bidding for certain e ef crlptlons was bil-k, and satisfactory prices realized G thor kinds were neglected, and had to bo bought In Wo, howevor, sold over OCObales, andhavosoveralotboi letsunder offer. Below wo give catalogue of prlcta,&o.; -Greasy.-H, 4 bates, !3Jd. ; B, l8 bales, Sid. ; GP, ( bales, 7Jd. ; AN, 1 bale, 73d. ; F over TERRICK. 1 bale, 6Jd. ; I & O, 21 b>lee, IOJel. ; BL, l8 bales, 9}d. VB, O balea, 8}d. ; BS, 5 bales, UJd. ; Oovor W \--between, 80bales, PJd.; OEL, 10 bales, O^d. rjBd, 2 bales, 9Jd. ; BF, 2 bales, 12d ; JO over O, 2( Isles, Od.; FK&Oo.;, over Uabba. 10 bales, Eid ; do., .; lales, 85d. ; JM, 1 bale, BJd ; KILFERE, 1 bale,-83d. B, 8 bales, 6 W. ; s-E, 3 bales, 14 Jd ; J O over 8, li circle, 27 bales, 9JdT; do.,1 balo, Hld. Mixed.-WOM, I belo, Old. Greasy.-T, 2 balea, 10Jd. Mixed. KILFERE, 1 bolo, lOd, ; \B, d at sido, conjoined, 1 bale, lOJd. Scoured Flcoco - H in diamond, 40 bale« 58d. ; D B in diamond, over H, 20 bales, 17Jd, Ecoured lambs-ODDY over Snow White, 0 baloi 24d.J HY, 6 bales, 19Jd. Flooco-BUEN BANK, 16 bales, 20Jd. ; iBd, 2 balos, 18d. ; BF, 21 tales, 19jd. ; ANK, 60 bales, 20d.; FK and Co ever Uabba, 10 bales, ljjd. ; a-E, £0 bains, £C3d. Fleece lambs-KILFERE, 8 bales, 14Id. ; B 6 bales, lljd. Mixed-HB, 3 bags, 6d ; B, 1 bsg, 7d! Tallow.-Wo offered about 100 casks by auction to day and disposed of about 60 casks, at £33 10s. to £86 10s ter tom Hides.-Several lota were disposed of al Heno 4s. Od. to 10s. 2d each. Sheepskins.-Wo dis posed ot a largo quantity at from Id to 3d. per lb. : c lot at 5s. 4d. each " The samo firm also supply the foi lowing markot report:-"Wool.-Since our last report which was on the 26th ult, per Northam, this market has continued in the simo inactive state as then re pelted. The English mall, which was then expectod se being likely to glvo a more positive tono to th state of tho market, has not yet arrived, and is sup posed to have broken down either In the Bed So» oi fcotweon Gallo and King George's Sound. Io mool tho wishes of several buyors aud sellers, two publh auction sales have been held this day, being the only enea this month. Tho nttondance of buyors was fully na numerous as conld be expected, to whom nbou! 3,000 bales wero offered, of whioh over 1,000 bales wen cold at prices a little easier than last reported. Greasy wools were fairly competed for, and everything brought foiward found buycrr. Fleece and ecoured woolawer; heavier to move, and a largo proportion had to bo taken in for want of bidding. Ihofollovringshlpshavoclearoi since our last:-January 28-Elizabeth Ann Bright 3.0S9 bales; January 29-Gi cat Britain, 1,002 bales January 80-Copenhagen, 2,206 balea ; February 8 Prlnce of Walos, 1,030 baloa ; February 17 - Trat Briton, 1,188 bales 8,528 bales. Add prev loss ship ment, 60,667. Total, 69,195 baloB. Tho oustom1 clearances havo boen, from January 17 to February 15 2,008,8711b , £151,421; add previous shipments, frere October 10,1861, to January 17,9,062,8831b., £717,870 Making atotal otll,!i71,C51Ib., of the value of £899,300 Tallow.-There bus been a good Inquiry for tailor, tinco our lost report, and wo havo effected sa'cs o about 600 casks, at prices ruling from £33 to £87 10o for beof and mixed, and £40 to £12 for inulto», '¿li shipments havo been:-January 28, Elizabeth Au. Bright, 830 casks; 20th, Great Britain, 240 ; Februar j 8, Prlnco of Walos, 236 ; 17th, Truo Briton, 232 Total, 1,603 casks. Hides.-There has been more lu qulry, though wo do not hoar of any largo pareil for shipping having changed hands. Heavy wo taltcdare worth 13«. Oil. to 11s. on board, Bheep tkins.-We havo Bold soveiol thousand at fiom 6tl, ti Sid. per lb." LIVE srooK. Messrs Kaye and Batchart furnish tho anno\e< report -" Fat Cattle-Tho tnarkotwas fully »upplloi with 1,417 bead, over 10O cf which weio stores soli at from 14s to 17s per head, and the bulk, 1,807 sold to the trado ai 1 country buyers at prlcos In ad Vance of last wocl s There Is overy prospect o greater buoyancy and advanced rates, if the number o not exceed tho p»Bt three weeks' supply Frlm bullocks, from £5 5b to £7 15s , good do , £310a t £1163 , fatr do , £210s to £S , primo cows £3 15s to £5 , good do, £216s to £810s Wo Bold-193 froa tho Ovens, bullocks fiom £1 17s Od to £4, cows £117s Od to £3 10s , 21 Kirby s, from £817s. Od t £4 , 1E8 M £voj « bullocks, from £2 7s Od t £7 16b, aversgo £3 10a , cows, £2 10» ti £3 2s 6d , 2b3 Llsoombe's, bullo kB from £ ]6s to £1 12s 0J, average £3 0s 085 total Calves-100 in Sold from 16s to 89s We sold 13 from2GB to 80s lat Sheep-A largo supply-11 897 of which tho trade took 8 55S, country buyers 218u shippers SOO, and unsold 850 Prices on Monday wen Sim, atlaatweoka rates but before the close of th market ratos fell from Is to la 0d Somo prim wethers wera disposed of outside at 11s Wo sol outside, 2 600 wethers (Gray) at 10s Cd , in tho yardi 1,012 do (W M Campbell) 12b to 12s 0d,n few cull» atOs Od to Ile , 43 ewes (Anderson) 9s to 11s 9J SOB wotheri (Andorsoi ) 12s to 10b , ISO do (Coch lane) 11s. 9d to 12a Od , 72 owos (O Donohue), 8 Bd to 10s , 437 ewes ned wethers (Macklntcsb) 3s Gd to 10s Total, 6 017 Lambs -807 in, and mostly i i ferler Ho sold 60 (F Mdorron) 103 to l'j , Si (Mackintosh) 0s 3d to 9s lOd ' Mosers Bow Kirk, and Co gil o the following re port -" Fat Oattlo-The supply this wook was liri, o numbering 1,417 hoad lu* n fair proportion constat ing of good quality trcro waa an activo competltlo strong tho trade, aud for t>o bitter descriptions i dtcldod advan*e< en late quota loi u was freely coo ceded. Primo LuUoc.u may bo quoted at ?4 10 ti £5 A few werotiksant £610* to£G Bteoud o as and middling, £"" 10s to £3 10b , iufoiior, 35s to 15a best cowa £31 £ I a fen very good roallre 1 £4 10s to £416s secoid aud middling £2 6) to £2 10« Inferior, 30e to 10s Cr vea -Iho Bupply this weel was rather Bhort 100 only hav log bien offered Thar, vins Bn imprrved domand for good quality whlcl fetched 20a to 30a , inferior, 93 Cd to 16s Sheep - There waa a very largo nupply of »hoof 11,807 having boen penned Of this number th trace took 8 650 coun'ry buyers 2180, am »nippers 800 On Monday a good bus nisi wa dono and priera wore well main alued, but on Tuoi day and Wednesday rates wero decidedly lu favour o tho buy or, tho market closing hoivlly Best troth ra ,13b lol4i Gd , f.ood and UBOful light weights 12s t lrs Od , inferior 8s to Oi A few good owes folchoi 10b Od to Ila Lam)s-807carno to hand whicl rere mostly of a very inferior quality, ai i quit unfit for thotiado Ino demand was icniequo ti; Black, excopt for good quality, a few of welch wer takonntlOs 3d to Vn Other Borta may bo quoted a is. Gd to Do each Wo understand that vory uoot pilcoä wore obtalred at Hcbsid Morton Brother and Leachs salo of el orthorns, at Mount Aitken, or Wednesday Particulars of tlio sale bavo not yo reached us. but will appoar in our next report ' Mr. Charleo Brown's report ia na aubjolnod -'Ta cnttlo have been amply supplied thl. wook, upi\ ird of 1,400 were yarded, of which a very fair proportloi wero of primo quality For tboeo an advance wa obtained, somo being odd at from £6 to £0 Pi cheep came forward in largor numbers than utuil nearly 0,000 weio oltnred, nud on Monday a con ildor ohio amount ef business was dono, o' full ratos, til narke t, howevor, clo'cil with a slacker demand, and a a slightly reduced figuro Tho following may bn ra Raided aa fair quotations .-Primo bullocks, £116s ti £6 6s , ditto co«a £8 10a to £4 5s , second qualit' bullocks, £215s to £B 10s , ditto comb, £2 6? to £ 16b. Prime quality wotheri fetched IBs to Iii each tecond quality ditto, 10s tolls 6d In atoro »toe! theio Is little doing beyond a largo domand for owoi I have Bold 4 600 at 12?, mostly full mouthed ' Messra Byan and 3aramond report -"Tho fat oat ti market waa fully supplied, asmany al 1,417 herid havlm been penned. Ihn stock throughout tho wool, witt the cxcoptlonof rbout 500 head, haa boen ol Mario: dctcription, for m hiohthoro bas boon no adunco, bu «ron ono or two lota of good heavy usoful ca lo tu pi ees rcallsod have bren inoio eatn'aetory than o lato Beet bullocks, £1 to £6, a fow heavy pens good qualHv, £5 10s to ¿0, m ddllng do , £. lOi t £3103.; Inferior do 36s to 16' BeBt cows, C3 10' to £4; a fow, C4 10s to £4 15s , middling do, £ 10a to £3, Inferior do, 80s to403. Wo hat o Bold 21 toad from tho Lschlin - Enll cks, £4 12a 0d cowa, £3 I5s , 100 head from tho GojIIjjm a £2 17s , and ono or two rough lota (121 hoad at from 14a to 17s Tat Oalvou-10O to ken 1 prices Bligh ti y improv d, anything Uko gool quillt' biing in domand Grad useful oilvoo 85i Wi bold 68 henil, from 9a 01 to 20a r_t Sho-p-Thl market bat boen largaly supplied, as many us 11,-9. head having been p"nnod,the greater portion of whie v, ero of middling and inferior do orlptlon Tor really "oed quality au advanco waa obuluid, but o'li -cacripttona moved off at about former quotit one Best wethers, 13s to 14s Od , good usofut wethora light wolgbtB, 12a to 12s Od , middling do, 10s ti Iii Gd , inferior, Si to 9a A few gooden cb brough 10s Gd. to lis Wo havo sold part or Mr Dow's flau -864, at 14s Od , 471, at 14s , 78 (eulie), at 12a To w titilo, 8,650, country buyers, 2,1S0, »hipped, 800 lamba.-867 to hand, but the quality anything bu fit for tho trndo, consequently pricoa lunged very low ai d somo wero suit out unsold A few vory gooi young lambB, 10a 3d. to 12a ; other sorts sold at (ron Be lo 10s" Messrs. Power, Buthorford, and Co. supply tbo an- nexed roport ;-" Fat Cattle -A fair supply has come to hand, and tho demand throughout ruled pretty brisk, good quality selling readily at a slight advance cn former rates. Wo sold 220 Warbreccan cattle, medium quality, average £3 3s. ; beat bullocks sold at £4 to £6 ; second do., C3 to £1 ; Inforlor do, £112s to £8 ; best cows do., £3 to £4 ; second do, £2 to £3. Fat Sheep -This cunikot Is steadily Improving, good quality soiling well for tbia soason of thoyaar. Wo sold Wcthera-666, Chirnside'«, good, 18s. Od. to 14a. Od. : 1,863 Glass's, mellum, Us. Od. to 12i. ! 620 Goelong, very Inferior, 5a to 7s. Od. ; 100 Gavin's, mixed, 10s. to 10s, Od. ; ewoi-400 Webster'.», primo, 10s. Oi to 11s. : total, 3,746. CalveB sold at 10s, to 80s., accord- ing to quality. Lambs, 5s. to 12a. ; soason about over. Store Bhoep.-Our sales aro : 2,000] wethors, two thirds fat, 111. Od. ; 2 600 do , good quality, 10a 8J. ; 2,000 ewos, malden, 11s. 6d ; 1,600 do , full-mouthed, In lamb, 9s : total, 11,000 hoad. Store Cattle Nothing doing " HORSE MARKET. Messrs. Bow, Kirk, and Co supply tho following report :-" A fair number of good useful koraca was breught In In tho early part of tbe wook, and aoveral country bnyerB being preaent tho oompotltlon fo gcod lots was pretty activo, and satisfactory prlooa vicio realized. Inferior stock aro still groatly In excess of requirements, and sales can only bo effcot-d at nbiurdly low figures Heavy draught norco« are without alteration. First oIseb carriage homos aro in quired for, but very difficult to obtain. Usoful up itrndlng hacks and light harness horses aro also m ntivo demand ; a'l (hat carno to hand this we ok wero dbposid of nt latlífactoiy prices. Wo sold amKed lot from Ki'moro, on Tuesday, at from ti to £11 IPs per bend." IABOUR MARKET. Tho cIobo of the harvest ard tho dull season of tho j ear for farming and slatiou operations render tin iraikot dull for men suited for theso do'crlptlons of lal our. Male domestics «leo aro in but little tlaniau i, tlo Inquiry belrgaltuoit limited to men cooks for hotel«, nalteis, ami [rooms. Married couples uro Ii lair demand at full ratoB of wages, chiefly for tliif ccuntiy districts. Female servants, having good rrror incisas to charaottrandablllly.readilsflndBltuathua, Lut youugwomon unused to household work aro loss readily ongagoi. Bates of wages are unaltered, and, i ule generally as f clio its, variations to meet peculiar eoECs bolng occasionally mado :-Married couples, with ft millos, £66 to £00 per annum; without children, £60 to £06do.;gardonors, £10 to £60 do. ; grooms, 16s. to 20a per wook ; shepherds, £30 per ycrr ; hut 1 topers, £20 to £25 do ; general farm servants, ' iOs. per wtek; plot-ghmtn, 2 s. do ; mow on, ir. per aero ; reaprrr, 16s, tolSs. do ¡haymakers, 20p. to 25i. per w eek ; bullock ilrh era on road, SOa. do ; do. on farms and stationl, 15i. to 17a 6d. da ; coen cooks, for farms and stations, 20a to 26a do. ; coola for hotel«, from £1 lOi. to £2 do. ; waiters, 20a. to 80a. do. ; fomale cooks, from £35 to £60 per year : fcneral servant», £26 to £80 do. ; nursemaids, £10 o £26 do.; lanndreraea, £80 to £36 do, ; horuo maida, £26 to £80 do. ; parlourmaids, £26 to £30 do ; car- penters, 8a. to 10s. a-day ; matons, bricklayers, blac'i amitha, 8b to 10a. do. ; pick-and shov«i men, 6s to 6s. do. ; curten and store labourers, 86a to 46s a-wook ; quarrymen, 8a. to 0a per day ; lencera, 2s 8d to Sa. Od. a rod ; splitting posts and rails, 20«. te £0j. per 100. SEAMEN'S WAGES. Thero Ia no chango to report in thlB branch of th» labour markot. Seamon are much wanted, and aro still very scarce. Batea of wages, however, r'milnos hut quoted, £410s. bolng the cur:ent rate pay lu. for all voyages. OABTAGE BEPORT. There haa been more loading forwarding to Ihî country during tho last week, but still cf iuaullic'oiifc extent to affect the prlcea of cartage,which aro quote 1 at following rates per horse-teams from Melbourne dlrcot :-Albury, £3 ; Bendigo, £8 2a. Od to £8 10s. ; Beechworth, £6 10s.; Ciitlemnl.o, £2 2b. G1, to £2 10a.; Chiltern, £010s. : Morse's Oreek, £810".; Wih gusyab, £0 10b. ; Yackandandah, £7 10b, ; and other placea In proportion," SHIPPING OP THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. Arrivals and CiruiUNcia sii,c_ our Last Summaiit [B, British ; A., Amorican ; Au., Austrian ; Da,, Danish ; D., Dutch ; F , Froiich ; Oh., Chilian ; P., Portuguese ; H., Hamburg ; N, Norwegian; S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Bd., Sardinian; Bolg., Bolgian ; Br., Bromen ; Pr., Prussian ; s, »hip ; b,, barquo ; br., brig ; se., achooner ; Bl., sicamor.] Jan. AnnivKD. 87\. Pot, B. br" 228, M'Arthur, Hong Kong.-J, Henty and Co, S7. Hcgulator,A.«., OuO, Holbrook, Glasgow.-Holmca, White, and Oo. 28\. Westorn, B. b., 303, M'Sonald, London.-J. Hentjr and Co. 28\. Malvina Vidal, B. a,, 839, Kessoll, London.-Hyam and Co. 28\. Mary Ann Wilson, B. a, 944, Smith, Otago. Michaelis, Boyd, ard Co. 28\. AnnaKlmball, A.«.,,v arah, Otago.-Towna. and Co. 28\. Dover Caatlo, B a., 1,003, Ayles, London.-W. P. White and Co. 29 Willem Kronptinson dor Notborlandea, D a, 710». Zottler, Rotterdam.-Melchior and Co. 80\. Ardlvalloch, B. b., 881, Lorio, Leith.-K'Farlan. and Co. 30\. Zoboab, B. 8,1,806, Morrison, Liverpool.-Martin and Co. Feb. 1, Perekop, A. a., 866, Pope, London.-Joshua Bro- thers. 2\. Bllleton, D. b , 600, Ganswyk, Rottordam.-Josh tut Brothora. 8\. Triempho, B br., 102, Lakeman, Mauritius - R. and P. Turnbull and Co. 4\. Ann Mclhuieh, B. b., 808, Will ama, Mauritius. Joshua Brothora 6, Ann Puekle, B a, 90S, rinlayaos, Loncon -Grlco, Sumnor, and Co. 0, Ann» Helolso, F. b , 298, Michel, Mauritius. J oikua Brothers. 8, Jack Frost, A. I-, 812, Emery, Kow York.-Lord and Co. 9\. Cassiterides, B. b, 879, Jenkins, Mauritius. H'CuUooh and Co. 0, Themis, B. s , 809, Rodgers, Oligo -Captain 5\. Qucon of India, B a, G6S, Thornton, Otago. Bright Brothers. ». William Watson, B. b., 889, Pendloton, Otago. Towns and Co. 10\. Genii, B. a., 074, Murray, Otago.-Dalgoty and Co. 10\. Agnes, A. b., 397, Bing, Java,-Proat, Kohlor, and Co. 10\. New Great Britain, B b, 670, Trador, Otngo. Towns and Co. 10\. Pathfinder, H. b, 2B2, Scooman, Hamburg. Haego and Oo. 10\. Alma, Sw. a., 648, Kroas, Otago.-J. B. Wera and Co. 12\. Planter, B. b" 231,"Barras, Mauritius.-Panningr and Co. 12 Despatch, B. b., 254, Eager, Foo-Chow-Foo. Finning and Co. 14\. Sirocco, B. a, 1,246, Gagg', Livorpool.-horhnor and Co. 16 J. O Richardson, A. s , 856, Kendall, London. K. F. Eichel and Co. 19\. Suffolk, B. a, 1,000, Martin, London,-W. P. Whito and Co, 39\. Snow .quail, A. 8., 742, Dllllughnm, Now York - Lord and Oo. 20\. Commodoro Perry, B. b., Otago.-Bright Brothers and Oo. Jan. C'liBAItBD OUT. £7. Henrletto, Pr. a, 720, Mullen, Moulmoln,-. Michaelis and Co. 28\. E. A. Bright, B. 8, 1,020, Starling, London. Blight Brothers and Co. 28\. British Trident, B. s., 1,809, Haddock, Otago. Bright Brothers and Co. 29\. Great Britain, B. et" 1,734, Gray, Liverpool.-» Blight Brothers and Co. 20\. Electric, B. a, 1,106, Undorwood, Point do Galle, -Lorlmor and Co. SO. Metis. B. a., 648, Nicholson, Batavia.-Molohlor and Co. 80\. Copenhagen, B. a., 870, Godfrey, for London. Dalgoty and Co. 81\. Charles, Belg. b, 630, Lecboro, Guaní.-Clove Brothers and Co. Feb. 3\. Prince of Walo», B. s., 1,244, Vallo, London.-W." B. Whito and Co. 8\. Ambrose, B. b , 802, Daniels, Rangoon,-Katzen stein and Oo. 3\. Hebo, D. b., 691, Belob, Sydney.-Joshua Bro- thers, 3\. Neva, B. s, 035, Sinclair, Madras.-Miller and: Johnson. 3\. Albion, B. s., 1,127, Ihompaon, Bombay.-Dca Pass and Co. 8, Macao, D.h., 822, Kroll, Manilla - Fanning and Co. 8\. Qucon of India, B. a., 1,044, M'Garry, Point d» i Uallo -Martin and Co. , 5, Mary Scott, B.e., 638, U'Hardy, Otago -D. Little» and Co.' ; 6. Charlot lor Famo, B. s, 1,040, Korr, Otago. Lorimer and Co. 6\. Neckar, D. s" 801, Burma, Akyab. - Josleo Brothers. 0\. Jupltor, H. b., 409, Hoyrup, Adelaide-W. Duthie. 8\. Parndia, B. a., 671, Qutterls, Hong Kong.-Gibbs, Bonald, and Co. 8 BoyalBoxoiijB.B , 1,109,Brown,Bombay.-Joshua Brothora. 10\. Seaman's Brido, B. s" 778, Wyman, Ctvgo.-. M'Konzlo and Co. 10\. Billeton,D.b,602, Geniswylt, Newcastle.-Joshua Brothers. 11\. Foimose, F. a., 702, Durand, Colombo,-J. J. Marshalland Co. ID. Everdlna Eliziboth, D.'s ,627, lordorborg, Sydnoy. -Jobbo Brothers and Co. 14\. Morning Light, B. s" 2,877, Gillios, Bombay. Bright Brothors and Co. 14\. Themis, B. a , 802, Rodgers, Bombay.-Captain. 11 Anna Klmbail, A. a , 841, Marsh, Otago,-Towna and Co 16\. Robert Dtx'.n, Bw s, 780,njaruie, Fotropauloskoi. -Molcholr. 17\. North Atlantic, A. B, COS, Graves, Calcutta. Newoll and Co. 18\. Eleanor, B. b., 875, Denchur, Guam.-Andortoa and Co. 18\. Poetess, B. s. 777, Rowland, Otago.-Captain. l8 Triomphe, B. b, 102, Lakeman, Mauritius.-P.. and P. Turnbull and Co 19\. Adolicla, B. b, 429, Hopwood, Guam.-Victoria Sugar Co. 19, Ann Melhuish, B b, 803, Williams, Newcastle. Joshua Brothora. 19\. Hopo, B. a , 1,104, King, Otago -Bright Brothora and Co. 20\. Arabian, B s., 1,003, Marshall, Point do Gallo, Ia ballast.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 20\. Lord Raglan, B. a, 754, Hy bort, Bluff Harbour. N.Z. 20\. New Groat Britain, B. b" 671, Trador, Bluff Har- bour, N Z.-R. Towna and Co. 20\. PathSndor, H. b,, 282, Btrovmand, Guam,-Haogo and Prell. 20\. Queon of India, B. a, 058, Thornton, Otago. Bright Brothors and Co. 20\. Bummerlle, B. s, 805, Hughes, Callao.--Campbell Brothora and Co. JPABSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND BY AND SINGE THE DEPARTURE OF THE? JANUARY MAIL. Jan, 20. Northam, Potta, for Point do Gallo.-For King: George'a Sound, Mr Stokes. For Point de Gallo, Mr and Mn Anderson, and Messrs Andrews and Robert- son. For Hong Kong, Captain Gaynor. For Oaloult», Hr Davis For MaraoUloa, Megara. Lonroyd and Airey. For Suez, Sir R Barry Jan. 27. King of Italy, far London -Captain and Mra Smith, family and aervunt, Mr and Mrs Bobiikio and child, Mr. and Mrs (haig, four ehildren, and servant, Mrs Watson and two children, Dr. and Mra Byrne, two children, and servant, and Uoasra Young and Graham, In tho cabin. Jan 28. GrcatBrltaln, for Liverpool,-Mr and Mrs. J Olarko, Mr and Mn. Tolley, Mr. and Mru. Bamutl Houas and two children, Mr. O E Bright, Mr and Mrs M'Quado and two children, Mr and Mrs. Maurlco anti family (faur) and servant, Mr Prlco Maurlee, Captii i Pratt, li U -Regiment, Mr. and Mrs Gage, Jim Brown, Mia Robert pattoiBon, Mr. and Mr« Lou I* Joseph, child, and torvant, Mr J O Jtrvls, child, andacivant, Ox Robert Power, Captain Law, Mr und MrB Alfred Wataon, Mr. and Mra J G Knight, four childron, and servant, Miss Harriot Wright, Mr an 1 Mil. Collier and two children, Mrs Bird, Mr Win. Hurst, Captain M P Jarvoy, Mr. BucklaucL ali» Chambers, Mrs 1] 0. Aspluall, two chll ron, mid ser- vant, Mr. WalUr Kltsou, Mr. Thunder, Mr John JiaptUt, Misa Fawcett, Mr John Alston, Mr. IV Jac c ion, Mra 1. J llnghtand Mlsaea Knight (two), Mr diarios Thornley, *r Edward Crossley, lara bplor. two children, and écriant, Melara Ujíboii, Orarlo tewon», John Mn th, W. Cullins, Michael Morn., Frederick Morrl«, H Maxwell, Pun ce, Patrick Cj - lina, John Muir, John I ktcttor, James Collin«, neil W. Scott. Ja, 80 Copenhagen, for London -Mr Burchett ard f »nilly, Mr. Chamberlain and family, Mitt Cook Miss Wa'sti, Misa M Croa rnd tenant, kr* and MesWiul otr, Mr. and Mr» Cox, Mnar< l.ider, iforfcoi, Crawford, li. Skinner, H Taylor, Captain Hare, and Ur Willi .Ml S Pilncoof Wales, for Lji den-Mr and Mrs AYiluio', family, and sen ait, Mr und Mrs Sladou, Misa Chapman, Mr. and Mr« Pennell, family, and Bon out, Mrs. Chapman, Miss I'timor, Urn Snow, Mrs. Teile, family, and Boivant, Mr and Mrs, Wrl.ht, CopUlu. Sohle, and Mr. Llttlowood. I'M l8. True Briton, for LonCon.-ThoRov. - and Mrs. Hastio and f «nilly, Mra. and Mina Scott, Mr. Pieos Van. Amatol, Mr and Mra Lum and family, Mr. Dockaoy, Sir. Fonwltk, Mr. Binney, Mr Noteda, and Air Oood tellow. 