.Bale« by Auction._ . i ~ TIIH DAY. Household Furniture, Dalry Cows, {to. ' MITOAW and ANOTHER have received , instructions from Mr. A Martin, (In conns« "«"so oi the expiration of h's lease,) to BELL by annTlON.it the Werribee Ballway Station, on Satur hs Stn In«.-» »? "»elw °'cll>ck' Ike whola of the household fain i turo of the Wer. 8 american cooking stoves ; alargo ar or tinea ï , of cooking anddiuy utenri's; 15 prime dalry com; and agrcitvariety or tundrlos,too na« merousto mention. No Beserve. THURSDAY, ODIOBBB 0 Station for Silo. JH, CLOUGH and Co. aro instructed by the . cnctitoro of tho lite Mr. Thomas Ogilvie to ggrYbyaUOriON, stthoIrWool Bales Room, Col« Iles etrett weat, on Thunday, OotoberO (unless pre« tTtetiily disposed of by private oontrast), ti» well-known itatlon rolled * The HUNTER'S ISLAND 8TATI08, 1 with about 1800 shoip and Iambi, md a fe«? cuttle ind horsot, ïhe run will carry 8,000 thtep. * Together with ' stores, tool», saddlery, &o.; li« prlco li reasonable, and is recommended as an elülblo Inveitment to small capitalist«. fall pirtlonlar« may he obtained on appllci'loa to j 0,01ooghindCo,,itthelr wool warehouse, Mel« truro». WEDHKBDaY, BEPM.KBER 8. Blgnoll's Hotel, North Velboarao. griclti Sals of First- clan Wines and Splilta, formlns» \- the Cellar Stock of Uetsrr. Bignell Brothors, For Sale Without tho Least Beserve, In Oontcquence of the Dlstolutlou of Partnership. ' to Holelkeepers, Private Familien, and Connoisseurs I of a Truly Good Class o! Old Port. j AhFBBD BLISS has been favoured with in- i itrnotlonu from Messrs. William and Gooree I bignell to SEW« by POBLIO ATJûTION, at Bignell'« titel, Victoria street, North Melbourne, on Wednss« i ¿jr, Sfpttmber 8. at one o'clock, I 95 doren of old port wine, ¡bli nine wa« purohasod principally non Messrs. Ii Fits Brother» about six joans since, and hu been ¡o ti o csllir In bottle for that period. , s( doren first dais sherry. (Imported by Hour». , Bignell Brothers ) Ü0 doion of old Martell brandy 15 do superior rum. | fosethor with a quantity of cases of tacn- j \- Wansey I .(liimpigne Bock ' Carteos Madeira Claret Old tom titters -ftlttirwitaf And a sundry lot of choice wines in odd quin. titles, the port wine, sherry, brandy, and rum will be Kid In lois to suit purchaters, It it stld that such old port is not obtainable elsa viere, htnee the reason for selling it in inch quin tulci, to suit private buyers. Terms-cash, gale at Bignell'! Hotel on Wednesday, September 3, st 6m o'clock. WEDNESDAY, BIPTEMBEB 8, Koroit. Palo of a Freehold Farm, Fenced-in, consisting of 207 Acres. Tba Property of the tate Mr. Beardmore. By Order of the tfortgageos. For Positivo and Absoluto Sale, A LPltED BLISS has been favoured with" in (\ > ructions from the mortgagees to S£LL by rrjiltIO AUCTION, at his offices, 74 Chancery lane, co W'dneiday, September 8, at twelve o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, containing 207 acres or thereaboata, situate in tho county of Bourke, parish of Koroit, In the (lid colony, liolng pert of Allotments A and B of Section 20, ia tho »aid pariah, commencing at the north« woit corner of Bald Allotment A, binnded on tbe north by a Government road threo cha'na wide bearing eaat 50 chains 76 I lnke ; on the east by part of Allotment 0, boarlng south 40 chains ; on the south by other part of »aid Allotments A and B bearing west 61 chalan 76 link», and on the weit by a Govoinment road one chain wide, boarlng north 40 chains to tho commencing; point, containing In fact 207 t cres of Agricultural Land, fenced.ln. This farm Is situate between the Ianda held by Wtiiri Olarko and Ingle», and was oilglnallysold by tbi Government to Hr. Montgomery, and forms part (i tbe estate of the lato Mt. Beardmore of the Raglan Botel, Holton, and Is for positive i ale by order of the rurtiaj.ees. The title is portect. Terms at sale. For particulars of tltlo apply to Messrs Bennett and Taylor, lolicltori, Collins street «oat. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, Bacchus Marsh. Ia tho lasclrent Katate of Abraham Traoy, by Order of tho Official Assignee. /Ii Hie Present and Boveralonary Interest of the In solvent In and to Two Pieces of Land at Bscchu t Marah, Part of Portion 10, Parish of Merrimu, County of Bourke, containing rospeo'lvsly, by al roeiiurcment, 5a Sr 29p, and 2a. Or. lOp. (more or leithen the Main Ballarat road, together with ths Buildings thereon erceted, consisting of a brick 8h03 22x89, with counters and shelving, also a brick Coltine 80 x 24, coutainlog four rooms and pasaa-re, with Garden and S Acre» roncad in. Without Reserve. A LFRED BLISS has received instructions ti f_ SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his offices, 71 theiicery lane, on Wednesday, September 3, at twelve o'clock, In the Insolvent citato of Abraham Tracy, by crier of the official anlgnoe, All the present and reversionary Interest* of the old Insolvent in the above property, viz : Tho right to the undisturbed potiesslon or reoolpt of the rents and profits of the Bald A Traer, being a period of 14 year», calculated iron the day of last. And also, The absoluto feo-tlmple In tho ea'd property, ia the event of the death of the Infant John Tracy under the age of 21 years, For further particulars apply to H 8 Shaw, Esq., Eldon chambers ; or to Messrs. Klingender, Oharsley, and Liddle, solicitors, 91 Ohancsry lana WEDNESDAY, BEPTEMB3R 3. Chintin. 95 Acres 8 Booda and 30 Perches, Fro'hold Land. By Ord» of the Official tislgi ee In tho Insolvent Estate of Robert Pickering. \ LERED BLISS has received instruotiom JA Irom the Official Assignee in the Imolrant estate ZttioUit Ticket tag, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his offices, 74 Chancery lane, on Wedneiday, Sep- tember 8 at twelve o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, being Allotment (1, cf dook A, parish of Chintin, county of Bout ko, containing 06 acres 8 roods and 80 perches. Title perfect. Torms-cash. K.B-Balo at the offloei, 74 Chaucery.lane, Kel. teurie, on Wedneiday, September 3, at twelve «'clock. THURSDAY, 8EPTEMBEB ». Campbellfield. tale el Half an-Acre of Freehold Land, and Four roomed Cottage, Tank, and Outbuildings. By Order of the Mortgageo. Toba Positively Sold to tho Highett Blddor. lo'.Osttrn to the Diggings (on the Sydney-road), Small Capitalists, and Others. 4LFRED BLISS has received instruction«! Irom the mortgigeoto SELL by PUI1LIC AÜO i, on the ground (opooiito Clark'», tho butcher, cdHjrtt', the wheelwrlgh') at OampbeilUeld, on the Bjduey read, on Thuriday, September 4, at three o'clock In I ho afternoon, All that piece or parrel of land situate In tho parish of Will Will Book In the county of Bourke, being part of Portion Ko. 12, lo Bald parish, Cjuimonly railed Campbellfield, and being Lot S on plat of subdivision of 10D acres of land, part of tho Campbellfield Estate, on which ia erected a tour roomed weatherboard cottago and bick store, with tank and ootbitlldlDgi. Ima prope ty Ins a large frontago to the Sydney toad, ia In tbo centre of the township of Campbellfield, and Ia w11 adapted for a residence for a 8rdney ro» 1 caller, thora being ample room for atablo and dray accommodation It would suit any small family itsldtpg, cr wiBhing-to reside, in tho locality, and li for positive and abiolnte tale. The title Is iruaranteed. « Terms-ino half cash, balance at three months*. kal» on the ground, en Tbnrsday, September«, at »bree o'c'ook in the afternoon. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. North Melbourne. Freehold Land and Wooden Building, Bouverie itreet. By Order ef tho Mortgigoo. A LPI1ED BLISS has received instructions ,¿1 from the mor'gigoe to SELL by PUBLIC ATJO- I JiOw, on tho premises, on Thursday, September 4, at tvieWeo'cl-ck, All that pleco or parcel of land, being part of Allotment 7, Soollon !5, town of Melbourne, laving a frontage ef J 22 feet to Bouverie atreot, by a depth of 166 feet. Together with. Tot wooden cottage ereoted thereon, litio perfect. "_ Terras-cash. ' «B Bile on the premies, Bouverle-street, Ho'lh i «olhourne, on Thursday, September 4, at twelve, i c clock. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. ) Yea Freehold Land. Botel, and Weatherboard Building. By Old:r of H. S. Shaw, Esq., Official Aislgnee ia | Hi 11nsolvent Rítate of Kobert Pickering. j A WRED BLISS has received instructions ' XL him the O.Eolsl Assignee In tbi above esta'i toïKLhby PUBLIC AUCTION, at the officei, 7* i vnancety lane, Melbourne, on Thursday, Soptomber ' »> at eno o'cloofc, i AUolnients 15, Bestión 0, townshlpof Yea, county ol Antrleros, containing, by admeasurement, ! lr. Or. 21p, on which is erected , The Bridge Inn, and outbuilding!, , Now occupied br Mrs. Pickering. ! ., A>>°, i Allotments < and 6, Section 15, of »lidtownship, I containing 2r. Bp,, ou which is erected a store, , tad now ui-d as the Yea Pent office. The above properties will be positively sold. Temi»-cash. R Titi* perfect. «B, S«le at the offices of thi auctioneer, 7t ' vainoiry Un,, on Thuriday, September 4, at one Sales by A otlon FRIDAY, SBPTÏMBSR I, Melton. Elle of Three Government Allotments of Land, Kaon Contilnlng Half in Acre, Tcgtther with the Hotel and Premltoi known al Tho Baglan Hotel. Lately in the Occupation ot Mr Beardmore. 1 By Order ef the Mortgagees, To ho Bold Without Keeerve. A LFEBD BLISS 'has received instruction* JA from the mortgagees to SELL by PTJBLIO AUCTION, on the promises known is the Biglin Hotel, Melton, on friday, September S, at twelre o'clock. All those three allotments of land, tituate in thi county of Bourke, parish of Djerriwarrh, beta; Allotments Nos. 4, 6, and 0, of Section 20, Hol- ton, each containing two roods, be the sams more or let«, on which Is erected The Baglan Hotel and Outbnlldmgs. this hotel his been kopt for some yean past by the late Mr. Beardmore, ind Is to be sold to the highest bidder, by or ¿er ot tho mortgagees. The title Is perfect. Terms at sale. For particulars ol title apply to Messrs., Bennett aal Taylor, lollcltori, Collin» street west, Bal« to take place at Melton, on Friday, Beptembsr 5, it twelve o'clock._ _ FBIDAY, SEPTEMBER o\ """"" Bacchus Marsh. Bale of Freehold Farm«, Land, and Promises. Known as . The Quarry Hotel, »stamford Hill. In Equity. By Order of H. S. Shaw, Esq., Bocelver in the Suit of Whyte v. Whyte. to be Sold Without Beserve. áJjFBHD BLISS has been favoured with in- structions from n 8 F haw, Esq., receiver la state of Whytev, Whyte, to SELL by PUBLIA AUCTION, at the Woolpack lietel, Bacchus Harsh, on Friday, September f>, at tr ree o'chek in the after« noon, Firstly, all that ploce of land, containing by admeasurement ¡2 acres »ntl 80 porches, be the same more or les«, Bltuato In the county of Bourke, parish of KorLupenlmul, being part of Portion Ho 11 of the mid parish, and num- bered as Suburban Lots i, I, and 6 on the olia of subdivision by John Atkins and Robert Nalder Clarke of the said Portion No. 12, ead also ot parts of Portions 7,8, and 0 of the sine parish. Secondly, all that pleoe of Und containing by admeasurement 18a. it. 88p. (be the ?ame more or less), tituate in the county of Bourke, parlih of Korknpsrrlmul, being put of Portion No, 12 of the isid parish, «ni numbered as Bnburban Lot« 12, l8, tal 14 on the pitn of subdivision by the said Johi Atkins and Robert Naldor Clarke of the »ail Portion No. 12, and aleo of part« of Portion) 7, 8, and 9 of the same parish; together with the messuage or dwelllnghome end outbnll dlagi erected thereon. j Thirdly, all thit piece of lind, In the county of I Bourke, In the parish of Korkuperrimul, cou- ¡ talning by admeasurement 12} icres, a tittil more or less, and boin g part of Qovernmi it Portion No 6 of said parish; together with the messuage, houte, sind outbuildings ereited thereon. On the first parcel of land Is a wooden house of four rooms and outbuildings, which, with the «eoond par- cel, contains In all about 81 acres, and Is 1st to Mr. W. B. «'Farlane, until the 1st day of May, 1883. The third parcel of lind, consisting of 1SJ stores, hat erected thereon a brick and atone building, containing eight rooms and two attica ; also a wooden cottage ; and stabling, lately In the occupation of Mr. Gardiner, j and known as the Quarry Hotel. . lhe whole of the lind is fenced lu. i The whole of tht property will be sold In one lot, j cr, if deemed advltible, will bo subdivided Into Lots 1, S, and 0, as above, hy order of the receiver In thi »It The title is indiiputable. ! The terms at sale. Por particulars of title ajply to Messrs. Jennlngt end Coote, solicitors, Bourke street west. ' Sale takes place at the Woolpack Hotel, Bacchus Mirth, on Friday, September 6, at three o'clock. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. Oyde ttroet. St. Kilda. Freehold Land and Weatherboard Cottage. In the Insolvent Estate ot John Griffiths. Dy Order of the OfBolai Assignee. With the Content of the Mortgtgee. ALFRED BLISS has received instructions BELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tbe premise«, lija» street, St. Kilda, on Monday, Septembers, cne o'clock, All that plect or parcel of land, hiving a trontairi of 78ft, to Clyde street,St Klld»(witha right ol way of 6 foot at the side out of the aforsiall frontage), by a depth of 82Jft,on which li elected a neat tod lubstantlally-bullt Pour« roomed Weitherboard Verandah Ootttge, with kitohen ind fowlboute detaohed. This property I» situated near to Acland street, wat lullt by the Insolvent for his own residence, ail require» a mere nominal outlay for repairs. The ground is laid out as a garden, and secured by a substantial fence. The above cotttgt Is now In the occupation of Mr. Griffiths. Term« declared at sale. Title perfect. N.B.-Sale on the premises. Acland street, St. SUdi, cn Monday, Septembers, at one o'clock. ' THIS DAT. Melbourne Sale-Yarda To Farmen, Waggoner«, Dealer«, and Other«. Foar Cart Horses, Waggon, and Harnes«, Complet HAWLEY and Co. are instructed by M Peter Gardner to SELL, at their yards, Bourk si rest west, at twelve o'clock. Tour horse«, waggon, and harnosn, __ The Whole «te to be Bald Without Reserve. THIS DAY. ""*" JT1HOMAS GIBBS will SBIiIi by AUCTION, I on the premises, 122 Little Bourke stroet west, by erdtr of the proprietor, w fco U leaving for New Zet lud.' A variety of household furniture, comprising chairs, tables, oheits of drawers, bedsteads and bedding, ito, Terms-cash. No reserve Thomas Gibbs, auctioneer, 60 Little Collins street celt._ THIS DAY. Twelve o'clock. 185 Shares Catherine Reef United Mining Company. 25 per Cent, Per Annum Dividend. J H. KNIPE (of A. Myers and Co.) is au- theorised to SELL by AUCTION, at the Cri- terion Hotel, Collins street, this day, at twelve o'clock: sharp, 5 shares in the Catherine Reef United Claim- holdesr' Quartz-mining Company, Bendigo, paying 25 per cent, dividend per annum. Must be sold, the present holder is leaving Mel- bourne immediately. Note.-get mining report in Argus, August 18, 1862. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 1. Grey Gelding, Nimrod. The Well-known Steeplechaser and Hunter. JAMES HENDERSON and Co. will SELL b/ AUCTION, at the Bazaar, on Monday, Septem- ber 1, at twelve o'olook, i The above well-known horco. Hell in very Ano oondttion, and is parted with oi account of owner having no use for him ; he carriel a t lid» saddle well, and Is fur unresorvod »ale._ I THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, Freehold Property, Fltsroy. Io Publicans, Small Capitalists, and Othors. JOHN PHILP has received instructions Iron the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, cn Thursday, 4th September, at twelvo o'clock noon, on the premises, AU that piece or parcel of land situate in Fltirar, having a frontage of 60fl. to Roae street by -a depth of leoit., more or los», together with thi, .tone built licensed house known as the Roi i Hotel, and the adjoining cottage »reo'.el thereon. The auctioneer moro particularly Invites the atten- tion ol publicans to this snug little hotel, as immediate possession can be givon. TWO guaranteed. Terms-Half Cash. XDE8DAY, SEPTEMBER 2. Housohold Furniture, Hortos, Phaeton, Harnosr, lea. Tarraville Houee, Kew. KM'MILLAN has received inetruotions ta , 8KLI1 by AUCTION, at Tutlnrlllohouse, K,», on Tuesday, September 2, at twelve o'clock. The whole of tho household furniture, consistía; of drawing and dining room suites, handlist rosewood piano, bedroom furniture, beds, hol- ding, book«, forms, carpets, kitchen utensil«, &i.; I Alto, Three horse«, phieton, names«, two fine m'lobi row«, and a quantity of sundries. Catalogues may be obtained on Monday. B. H'aflUan, auctioneer, So,, 86 Chancery Ians, 1 *tlboorna To SHEEP BREEDERS and OT 3 BBS; PoroNegrettl Bimi, To Arrive, ox D, P. Wober, bom Hamburgh, About the End of September. POWER, EUTHERFOBD, and Co. are in «truoted to BELL by AUCTION, on a dey te bs aimed, 17 puro bred NegrettI rams, two tooth, salute t by one of tho best Judge« In Germany, Herr Liokr, from tho well-known flock« of the Coan'. of Thun, Joielthof, Bohemia, and Count Bin beek, Cutio Qrnbonow, In Mecklenburg!!. These sheep are first class, and niod only an Ins iss. iles on the part of intending purehasers on arrival. For full particulars as to limpie« ind pedlgren, illrttcd by the Governor inspector, apply to titi auctioneers, 12« Queen street, Melbourne._ COROHANDEL.-TOWHBHIP of KAPANOA. THE abovo property, so well known as that i( Joseph Pigitt, Eeq., Is now belog surveyed lut 1 eenventont allotments, and will te BOLD by PDBLl 1 AUCTION early In October next, MICHAEL WOOD, Queen street, Auekland, July 81.1862. Pabilo Companies. MELBOURNE PIER INBDRiVKOE COMPANY. Head Offices, 28 Collie« etieet weat John nalfey, Ecq.. J.P, President. Andrew Ferguson, Esq., Vice President. Capital, £600,000 Subscribed and guarantee, £160,000 Buildings, merchandise, mining plant, agriculture 1 leduee in stack or turn, farm stock and implorai 1 « Inured at the current reduced rate« of premium. OHRIÍIOPHRR HALL, Secretary Melbourne, February 25,1861. Ii B The bualnessof the above company ia in count 1 (transfer to the Australian Alliance Assurance Oo> a I any offices, osmer of Klizaboth and Collina itreit v>t8l,'Melbourne, whero prospectuses and other later« 1 nation may bo tppl'id for. [ Fublio Companies, T.KRWENT and TAMAR FIBI and lUUHsTI U A88UBANOS OOMPARY. apiur. £100,000. Established 1838. Head Office: Macquarie itreet, Hobart Town. Directors : H. B. Tonkin I John Brent George Salier I Blohard Olerrarna, Isaao Wright I Manager : > Alfred Garrett. [ Surveyor: Captain Tonkin. melbourne" BRANCH. Ire and Marine rltóa taken at the lowest eureit rales. Marine losses payable in London, If roqalredJ Agents: JAMES HENTY md Co., 11 Little Collin» Strut. ÏJ10HOPEAN ASSURANCE SOCIETY. - Sk< U EUROPEAN ASSURANCE SOCIETY IBAN »ACTS every description of LIFE AB8URANOH OS the most favourable torms to assuror», and line* policies of guarantee for fidelity in favour of OS« dals ia the service of the Government, banks, and public institutions, and commercial flrmi in Australia, Officei-99 Collins-street west. Branch ofSoM Adelaide, Hobart Town, and Launceston. WILLIAM E. gtABK, Becretary. NORTHERN ASSURANCE COMPANY Incorporated by Special Act of Parliament ter FIRE and LIFE ASBUBANO-, Invoated Funds, £664,909. A.B. White, Esq., Chairman. James OUI, Esq. Hon, W. 0. Haines, M.L.A. Hon. Donald Kennedy, M.L.O. Medical 001 w, W. B. Pugh, U.V. Auditor, George Butchart, Esq. Offices-Comer of Collina and William streeti. JAMES BATIR» Y, Secretary. FBOVIDINT INSTITUTE ol VICTORIA IHICK«, ANOE COMPANY, 85 Queen itreet, Capital, £60,000, With powor to increase to £1,000.000. Iruuranoes effected at the ourrent rates of prtmlicf igalast Are. Forms and ail necessary Information will be iTtrt oa application at this office. JOHN PORTER, Mansgintr Director.' THE LIVERPOOL and LONDON FIBS and UPI INBDRANOE COMPANY. Directors In Viotorli! Chairman-The Hon. James Henty, H.L.O, The Hon Sir J. F. Palmer, Tho Bon. Sir Fras. MuN phy, Speaker of the IaW glslatlve Assembly. Bobert Turnbull, Esq. President of tho Logia latlve Council. The Hon. Jig. M'Culloorj, K.P. Subscribed Capital, £1,837,020. Paid np Capital and Accumulated Funds, j61,811,90U Of which £i70,00O is INVESTED In VICTORIA, and NEW SOUTH WALKS. Fire and Life Losses paid by the Company, slnot Itl establishment to the end of 1800-£2,222,110. Fire Department. This Company Issues policies on property and good* «object to the reduoed rates of premium. The Income In 1881 wat £800,190. Li» Departmrht. Life Policies are Issued with all the advantages of mutual company, combined with the stability to be derived from an Influential proprietary, a subscribed capital of nearly Two Millions, and accumulated raids Including paid-up capital to the amount ot £1,811,801. The Income hi 1801 exceeded £185,071. Losses are paid In Holbourne No extra charge to Volunteers for active service Victoria. Policy-holders travailing cm pay their renewal pre. mloms to, or In the event of death claims can be mad! from, any of the branches-viz. in Sydney, New Zee« lind. Van Diemen'« Land, New York, London, tu. The rates charged In Australia are tho same as «beat, used in England. Resident Secrstary, W. MURRAY BOM. THE COLONIAL INSURANCE OOHfANY of VTOTOBIA. ' Empowered hy Act of Parliament. For Tire Insuranco, life Assurance, and jTldilitT Guarantee, Subscribed Capital, £800,000. Paid-up Capital, £40,000. Liability unlimited. Head Office-No. A CoUini-itNtt west. Directors: W. H. Woodville, Chalruan. R. Murray Smith, Vlce-Ohairrnan. G. Lewis. W Ford. J. Carson. J. M'flrao. Medical Reroreelt I. Thomas, Eiq" M.D. W. H. Oatt«, Esq. M.D, OonsultlngAntoary: W. I. Woodi, Auditor: J. E. Pow, Publio Aocountast. FIEE DEPARTMENT. Among the many advantages offered by this oom'. Erny, special attention is dfreotod to the snpsrlority t point of security afforded by a large and wealthy resident proprietary, whose liability Is unlimited, with the guarantee of an ample paid-up and lnvuted capital, and a Urge reserve fund. Fire Insurances effected at the lowest cmrreal ntl of premium. Loaie» paid immediately on sidlsurttasTrt of claim. No charge made for surveys. LIFE DEPARTMENT. Special Features. leourity ; Low Premium? ; Quaranteed Boan*,1 ! All Policios Indisputable. i No extra ohargo for service In the VIctorlai Telar»«; teer Corps. ! Aarmjii PaHunm to amuu £160. ! Payable at Death. _ Without Bonus. With Guaranteed Bonos, Age 80 ..£230 n 10 .. 2 l8 8 », 60 .. 8 19 8 "66 .. 117 6 Age SO .. £2 8 6 " 40 .. 8 0S " 60 .. 412 7 " 65 .. 6 18 « GUARANTEE of HONESTY In Situations of Trait. When the guarantee is accepted it 16s. per oesLj and a life assurance for one and a half time* the ?mount of the guarantee ii combined, the whole» I tke guarantee premium will, practically, be at ottos foregone, thi toll amount being applied to the radio« lion of the premium on the life usuran- policy. Should the life policy be only «qui in amount with tke policy of guarantee, the reduction will be 10a, pn cent. ; and when the life policy is only one- hall lb* »mount of the guarantee, tho reduction will M Is. per oeat. the following table will show thi practical werldnf of this system: Amount i Amount of auarantee. of Life Polloy. Quuantee Prendara required. An additional advantage Is also offered to the paella by this company, Inasmuch u the directors will Krmlt all proposers for fidelity guu antee to nhill« te the live« of other parties for their own. with the fill benefit of the liberal abatement la premiara already set forth. Life andguarintee premiums when combined, any be made payable half yearly. The table of premiums for laurance for «hw terms, or on Joint lives, alto for endowments ol inaultie«, prospectuses, formt of proposal for así surent», and every Information, may be obtained rrataltomly of _CHARLES JAMES LUOAB. Haorttary. VICTORIA LIFE and dXNERAL IHEUBAMÏ COMPANY, And SaVINOS INSTITUTE. Head Office-82 Coilins-stroet eut, Melbourne; Capital: £1,000,000, In *0,o5o Shires of £450 cub. Unlimited Liability. Directors : Chairman of the Board-The Ho«. Henry HQMJ M.L.C. Hy, Creswick, Eeq, J P. The Hon. George Harkir. i. D. Pinnock, Esou, J.F Xd, Byam Wight, Esq., J. P. Qermaln Nicholson, Esq., J.P. LIFE DEPARTMENT. Special Feature«. 1\. Eecnrlty.-That of a Joint-stock company, with paid up and sectmulstlng capital, and a proprietary roasesnrlng means In ibis country to meet the olalmi of the assured. 2\. Fremluma-The lowest that can be charged arila safety, and payable either quarterly or half-yearly, Ike option of the assured. 8\. Guaranteed Bonus.-dring to the astared the profits of a muttil company without the risk. t. Beductlonof Premiums - At oach^deoeanlal dl* tribntlon or profits, until the payment of premlUN eeaaes. 6\. All palióle) Indisputable. S. Ho extra olurge for service in the Volunteer corni Within tho colony. Pire and Marino Insurances effeoted. SAVINOS INSTITUT«. This departmont is open (or business on tat follow ng terms, vis, : On all deposit« of not less] than Bl or more thaa £200, -Interest will he allowed of 7 per ont. per aanum. On all other deposits Interest will be allowed at such rates as may be agreed upon. Advances will be made by the Savings Insutit« on Ike mortgage of freeholds, or «took and static»*,».« other seoarltlti, it outrent rates of Interest. Tables of rates and all necessary Information will ha furnished on application at this office. JOSEPH COLLU. Saortliry, THE AUSTRALASIAN INSURANCE COMPACT (Fire. Lifo, ind Marine ) Head Office»-Hall of Commerce, CoUins-itreet wert) 1 Directors: Wm. Nicholson, Esq., M,L A,, Ohalrman. E. L. Montefiore, Eiq,, Vico-Ohalrman. J. M. Joshua, Ksq, I James Graham, Esqi W. J. T. Clarke, Esq. j E P. 8. Sturt. Marine Surveyor: Captain W. O Gravo. Sabarban Agents : 1 Richmond, Mr. John Wright. I South Yarra, Mr. J. Evans. Fitzroy, Mr. Gardner. Collingwood and Fitzroy. «Jr. S Kidson. Brighton, Mr, Bünmonda. Williamstown, Captain La vraioa. Sandridge, Mr. George Fred Brewster. Emerald Bill, Mr. Chirlos Skoati. _WM. MACREDIE. Secretory. A I Ï R L O » LIFE A8SUHAH0K COMPANY. Incorporated by Aotof Parliament. Capita!, £110,000. Uniting itke advantages ora Mutual Association, With the security of a Proprietary Company, Head office, 855 Strand, London. Policlea iodlspatable. All claims paid hare. Medical Referee-James Robertson, Esq., M.D, B. B MATHEWS (and SON, general agent* (or III Australian oo'ontes, 9 Market itreet. Fuhllo ejompanlAsi. rg.í UNITY PIBE and LIFE IiraTJIAsTfaT. ASSOCIATION Of LONDON. I Capltal-£2^00,000«terling. i Chief Offices. I'nity Buildings, 8 Cannoa-ttreet, London. Onlttd annual Incomes, £180,000. The premlao« lr comos la 1B61 exceeded those oi 1880 by upward» of tt.lrty thomaud pounds. ihe undersignea are now authorized to take risk» generally at the current rates of premium. DICKSON, WILLIAM!, and Oo" Ageati. d8 flinders at-rest west. Judioial and Law Mottoes. IN the SUPREME COURT: No. 1,621-Bat we ii DAVID NORRIE, PlsintlfT, aal THOMAS RJ. BERT-JON, Dofendant.-Notloois hereby given, that an action has boen commenced Ia this court by the ahnvenamed plaintiff against the »bovcnimed di fendant, for that by deed dated the twenlyaeveatb. day of May, In the year of our Lord one thouiaal eight hundred and flfty-nino, and made between th) défendant of the one part and the plalntllT of the other part, the defendant let to the plaintiff córtala laud known as Robertson'! Pre-emptive Section, fro ra the Or it*, day of December then last past for the term of ft Vf years thence next ensuing (at the yearly rent of oijo thousand pounds, to be paid half yearly), subjej. to sooner determination in manner thereinafter men- tioned; and in the said deed waa contained a provi aton for determining the eald term of flvo years it th i end of the Brat three years thereof, in the manns e tbcreia-tuontloned, and the said tirm wai accordingly ao drtermlned: and by the said deed the défendant co vemnted with the plaintiff, that he, the defendant, ? hould and would, during the aaid term thereby granted, upon every half-yearly payment of rent alio V to the plaintiff out of every such half yearly pay. mont such sum, not exceeding fifty pounds, asshoull have boon weU and truly expended by thî plaintiff in grubbing trees on the land com- prised in the said pre-omptlvo section, and shoal 1 and would during the said term at the Bame time allow to the plaintiff out of every such half yearly payment as aforeuld such sum, not exceeding U'onty.flvj pounds, as should hare been well and truly ox pernod by ttio plaintif! In fmclng the said lootlou, proviood that the fencing ahotild be f.rmod of split post» and rails, the poets to ha charred, and the whol i to bo put up In a woikmanllko manner aud te thi tatiafaction of the defendant. And in the sa'd deol waa contained a provision that in caseanydlaputj should arlie between the plaintiff and defendant reipecting the amount to be allowed for suchgrubblnr and fencing as aforesaid, Buch dispute should be settle! by arbitration, in tbo usual marmor, by the appoint- ment on each »ide of an arbitrator, or by the ap- pointment by inch arbitrator», In case of dlloroms botwurn thom, of an umpire, tho decision of ano t arbitrators or umpire, as the case might bo, to b > blueing, final and conolsalv», on all parties. An 1 DV the said deed tho defendant covenanted with th j plaintiff that he, tho defendant, ahould and would a'. the end or othor sooner determination of the said toroa thereby granted pay to the plaintiff such sum fo . the growing crops then being In and upon the sal 1 pre-emptive soctlon as should bo determined by ar- bitration ia manner aforetald; and the plaintiff averti that, from time to.time during the ooa llnuance of the eald term, and before the deter. n I uttion thereof as aforesaid, and preceding ose t half-yearly payment o) the laid rent which hedul/ paid to tho drfondant, he, ttio plaintiff, well an 1 truly expended divoro sumí of money, not exceedlu r in oath such preceding petit d the sum of ttftf poundi, in grabbing trocs ou mc land comprliod 11 the said pro-emp ive tectloc, and not excoedln; tw. L ty- flve pounds in Ienclu : t.-.e «old sootion. An i the plaintiff alio avers that ecru-a ; rowing crops of him, the plaintiff, at the tim« uf the do'crminatlon of the aald term ai aforesaid, were then bel->g and wer J left for tho defendaut lu and upon the salt preemptive section; and that the amount o be i aid at the said deiernilnati-iii of the laid tera b/ the defendant to tho plaintif! for the said grosln; cr jp» wai accordingly referred by the defendaut and the plaintiff to bo settled and determined by tho arbi- tration of Henry Barrow and John Nicholas, arbitra- I tors rcipeotivoly cho- enacd appointed by the piala tiff and defendant, or by the appointment by snoi I aibitrators, In case of difference between them, of ü nmplre, tbodociolon of such arbitrators or umpire, ai i the case might be, t on th« parties; and the laid Henry Barrow and John Mcnoias took upon themselves the said reforenoe, ace a difference having arisen between them therein, they duly appointed James Mouat to bean umpire, who Accordingly made hi» umplrage and deolsloa » «speeling ths said matters bo referred as aforesaid, and ibereby awarded aad determined that tho dj- ¡ ftndant should forth with pay to the plaintiff ol.Mt I hundred and »lxty-elght pounds ten shillings, for the ] «aid' growing crops. And all conditions were par tot mod and fulfilled, and all things happened and wera ' done, Mid all times elapsed nocesiaryto entitle th« plaintiff to maintain this aotion, and nothing happeno 1 ur Wf. done to prevent the plalntlfl fro a mata- I »bung the same ; yet the defendant did n >i ! Lor would upon every half-yearly ptyniont of \ rent by the plaintiff, allow to the plaintiff suit i unis hoverslly, not cxosedlng Qlty pounds, as »oro 4 > I asaf r. *»ld welland truly expended by theplalutlf ¡ in grubbing trees on the land oomprlsod In the sahl I prc-t-nipt'.ve section, nor suoh sams atvorally, not ex- ! tee Hutt twenty,-Ave pound», as were so as »forouli well and truly oxpsnded by the plaintiff in fencing the ÍM1 station, and did not nor would pay ti thi lilaiotiff the (said sum of eight hundred and sixty. tight oound» ton shillings, or any part theroof. i«nd iheplalntlffalso sues tnedelenoantfiriiioaav pay. *ble b) the defendant to tho plaintiff for money warded, hy Jamea Monat, to be paid by the defendant to the plaintiff, by au umplrage of the said Jsruoa -H-uat, inly appointed ait umpire in that behalf by Henry Mairo-u and John Hichcla». under a eubtais'lou by the rlalntlff end defendant oi matters in diiforence be- i tit-tii them to tho arbitration of tho etld Beary Barrow ,tnd John nicholas, or of an umpire to ba »pp, in ted by them in that behalf, lu cato they should ! disagree In making an anatd, as in fact they did; and for goods Bold *nd dollvercd by tho plaintiff to the teleuds'it; and fjr goods birgAinctl and bo.J by the - plulntlQ to the defendaut; and for work: ao o jua matorHls for tho same provlilod, by the- plaintiff for the defendant, at lill request; as d tor money lout by tho pUintiff to tho dffendinfc, and for luonoy ptiJ by tho pltl- nliF lot fio defendant. k1 hi requtit; and fur eglilig. dcpaaturlu^, and leeiiig of cattle and cheep 'or lhe def.-tdant, at bil reque.t; and fur the hlicof fnrah gaud othor Imple nuit' hythe pUiatif! lut t.i I iro io tbo defendant ; radio- board and lodging Limd aud provided by the plaintif! for the i't f mdatit «lui othura. \t hit request ; and f/r moil, lir'ui, wishing, lodging, aud other ne ceiean.-» by iii j plalntlir f.uud and provided frr the dtfondant ned others, at his roquoat; arti for intoroit upon money duo from tho defendant to the plaintiff and forobomo at interest by the plain- tiff .to the defendant, at hil requoat ; nud fer money found 11 be duo from the dofendant to tho plaintiff on accounts atstcd between thom. And trio platntidf claims one thousand six hundred pounds ; and a WKIC of FOREIGN ATTAOlIMENÏ ha» been liaued, directed to tke Bank of Victoria, or George Valentine, the manager thereof at ¡Sandhurst, and Thomas Urquhart, of Sunny Bank, Campaspe, in the sail colony, farmer, for the purpose of attaching lu tha hands of the said George Valentine and Thomas Urquhart all and singular the lands and othor he: o dltameats, moneys, and chattels, bills, bonds, and ctber property of whatsoever nature In the custody cr under the control of the said George Valentino and Tbomai Urquhart at the time of the letvloe of tbo said writ belonging to tho r-bovemraod Ihomn robertson, orto or in which such defendant shall at the timo be legally or equitably entitled or olhorwlao benefiolally Interested (and whether solely or Jointly with any person or persons), and all debts of every kind then duo by the said Qoorge Valentine and Thomas Urquhart, or either ol them, to such defend- ant, although the same or part thereof may be payable only at a future day, And if at any time before final judgement in this action tho tald Thomas Robsrtsoi, or any parson on his bohalf, will give the security ra. quired bylaw, the said Thomas Robertson, upon enter- ing an appearance, and upon giving notice thereof to tko plaintiff, may apply to the Oi-uit and have the »aid attachment dissolved. . . Dated this twenty second day of August, Ia the year of our Lord one thouiand eight hundred and sixty two, J08ÏPH LIDDLE, 01 Little Collins Btreot west, Melbourne, plalntlfl'» attorney. Klingender, Charsley, aud 1 Iddle. Tondexe. BOADMEADOWB BOAD DISTRIOT.-ThoBoard lor the ibove District Invite TENDERS until 11 a m. 9th prox for 80 chains METALLINQ, &o; Particular» at Broadmeadow« Hotel. The lowest or any tender not necessarl y accepted D. B. M'GHEQOR, Surveyor. August l8, 1802. CMT? or HELBOURN*-Notice it hereby given, j that TENDBBS will be recelvid at the Town-halt until 2 o'clock on Tuesday, September 2, from parson« wUUog to CONTRACT for the undeimentloned CITY WORKS, In accordance with plans and ipeclfloatlom to be seen on application at the olloo of tho Olly Sur*> veyor. Formation and motoning nf private lino lu Allot- ment l8, Blook 80, Smith Ward. Information and particulsrs as to the mtnser ot lendering, and as to the terms and conditions ol cou« tract, can he obtained on application at the office ot Ibe City Surveyor, Towu-hall. Ko tender will be accepted unless the tenderer be la attendance, personally or by intent. E. a. FITZGIBBON. Town Clerk. . Town Clerk'« Office, Town hill, Melbourne, August, sp., im_ COLLINGWOOD, FITZROY, and DISTRICT QA3 and OOKE COMPANY.-TENDERS for thJl EXCAVATION of TRENCHES for laying pines will, be received until Friday, the Stn September next. Specification may be toon at the company's office, î* Collins «tree twe«t. \ Byordtr . i A. JACKSON, Secretary If olbotune, August 27,1892 TCTIA8T COLLINGWOOD MDNICIPALtTY - Hi TENDERS will be received until Tucsda», tHs 2nd el September, at 1pm, for METALLING atti PITCHING In Johnstreor. , BpeclOcatlcns at the Municipal chambers, Johnston street. _, , _HENEY N BOOTH, Town Clorlc. FITZROY MUNICIPALITY.-TENDKBH will~b7s reeelvod, it Surve/or's office, Webb street, until 4 pm, Tuesday, 2nd September, for ollowln«? WORKS : 1\. Conttruotlng rlght-of-iriy, botwoen Aim» and Prince'« streets 2\. Kerblng and channelling Begent atreot, west side, bot ween Prince's street. " Flans and spécification can be Inspected at sur> veyor'« office. Lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted, W. J OILOHRISr; Town Clerk. MUNIOIPAHTTof ST. KILDA-TENDERS will bs received until 5 o'clock on Tuesdsy, the Sad September, for BOO yardi blue metal ' Kerblng and channelling le Gurnor street Painting the exterior of town ball and court- house Channelling In Argylo street east Kerblng and ehanelllng la the Esplanade, and Kerblng and channelling In Victoria street, Plan« and specifications to be seen at the Town han. The lowest or any tender not ttocestarlly accepted. C. BBàDJHAW, I.Ç1TO Clerk. MUNICIPALITY of BROWN'3 and 80ARBDAL1. -TENDERS are Invited from persons compe- tent to furnish the Connell of ths above munldpauty with a BEAL. They are alto requested to forward, snolosed, designs on or be'ore the lit September pros, Pi ice not to exceed £10. JOHN LYNCH, Chairman. August l8,1862. MUNICIPALITY of SANDRIDGE-TENDSBJ will be received until Thursday, ith September, at « o'clock p m, For forming, metalling, and kerblng the roadway, and making up footpaths on both sidos, In Nott «tioat, from Raglan street to Ingles streit. Specifications, &o;" at the Municipal Offices, Graham street. E, CLARK, Town Clerk. August 20, 1862, OWN of HOTHAM.-TENDERS will be opine, on Tuesday, the 2nd September, at 7 p.m. 1 For 1O0 O yards of rubblo for metal. 2\. For lifting and relaying cubo crossings, SpeclOoitiona and full Information üi ths OouaoU C bambers The lowott or any fender not necessarily aceepted. GEORGE KVANB. Town Clerk. TOWN of EMERALD HILL.-TENDERS for tai COMPLETION of certain WORKS in Montague. Coventry, and Dorcas streets, &c;, at the il»k of ooa ? tractor, will be received by the Council until 7 o'oloos: p m. on Monday next, Septembor I. Specifications, &e; , at tho Municipal Offices. JAMES EVILLE, Town Clerk. TOWNSHIP of BIOHUOND.-SENDEBB will bl recolvod at the Committee room, Bridge road, it 7 o'clock p m. on Thursday, the 18th day of Septembor next, from tenderers In norton, or thoir icoredltol agents, willing to LEASE tho MUNICIPAL ABAT- TOIRS for one or three years Alto, for Fonclng li land attached to said Abattoirs, about llf acres. For particulars apply it the Town Olork's offloi frcin 10 to 12 o'clock dally. 111 lenders mutt be ondorstd and directed to the , chairman of the P. W. Committee Tio council do not bind themselves to accept any tender H. G. CAMBRÓN, Town Clerk. Town Clerk's Office, Richmond August 20,1862. MUK PENTRIDGE DI8TBIOT ROAD BOAB J i Invite TBNDER8 for WORKS on Kilmarnock, Adolphus, UarUoirB, Gosling's, and Gaffney'« Roads. Plans and specifications to bo seen at the ornoo. rondéis, addressed to the Chairman, mutt be d5« ported In the box on Monday, the lit September, by fl o'clock, p m. 'bo Hotrd do not bind themselves to accopt the lo tot tor any tender. JAB. G. BEID, Secretary. Auguit 20,1862. TO O0NTB\OrORB-TJS«DKB8 ara invited fi tho KBKOriON of SO miles'of LOG FENCE on ths Euroa and Seven Creek Stations. Specifications and particulars can be obtained on application to R. and P. Turnbull and Co., Melbourne ; or to Mr. Le Souef manager, on the station. X until 2 o'clock on Saturday, SOthinBt, far thi LEASE of the farniihod BEFBESHMENT-ROO* cf tho Royal Gymnasium Baths, St. Kilda, lor n term ot six months Particulars and conditions at I Swanston street. I rpo CARPENTERS, So- All Saints Church, Caul *? 1 field-ALTERATIONS and ADDITION3. Plana snd specification st Mr. J. F. Higgins'«, Caul- field, TENDERS are REQUIRED for the ERECTION of a BANK at BaUirat, for the National Bank of australasia. , Flin and specifications may be seen at my offico, 78 Collins street west, until tho ith September, and thereafter until 20th September, at my office, Chira bor of Commerco, Ballal at. LEONARD TERRY, architect. alEHDEBB are Invited for CAULKING throughout . end Bo-Coppering the ship 80HAH JEHAN. Ppoclllcatlons and further particulars may be ob- tained from the captain, on board, off Williamitown Pier; or from Messrs. Rollo and Bailey, 08 Bourke elrout weit TENDERS for BOEING through bluestone, Ac, for the Collingwood Gold-mining Company,', a accordance with specifications to bo seen at tho orBoa .if tho company's engineer, Henry Smith, Ksq , 9] Collin- street east, will be received by me until Tuesday, September 2, at 6 o'clock p m. JAMES MACONOCHIE, Secretary. S7 Hmlth street, Fitsroy._ nnSNDERS aro Invited for MASONS' WORK, X Bricklayers', Plislerera', Plumbers', Bellhangors*1 Qa'fitttrs', and Painters'. Labour and material, Tuesday, 205 Geoige street, Fitzroy, ENDERS aro Invited, until September6th, Inolu slvo, for four-story ADDITIONS to ware- house In Colima street. Lloyd Taylor, architect,! S Collins street_ TENDERS are Invited to the 4th September, 12 for KR ACTING a wooden BUILDING at Foots cray Cemetery. Tholowostor any tender not neces rarity acoepted. Apply Junction Hotel, Footscray. TBKfJÏÏRB for PRINTING pamphlet. 6,000 ooplei 20 pp. octavo, nonpareil. Adare» by letter, It Joros, cire ot Messrs. Allan and Co., 78 Russel1 street T~~KNDER8 WANTED, for PLASTERING. Apply new cottago, Punt road, Prahran, noir the Myall 12 oMotk._ TEÏDËRS WANTED, for PAINIIHG works' Apply Duke of Wellington Hotel, Russell and F indorj Blreot._^___ T~îNDe"r3 WANTED, large job fonce PAINTING. La our only. It. O, Bagot, SO William street. TENDERS for REPAIRS to ship 80HAH J KHAN must be sent In to our offioe by Monday, at 12 o'cloox. Specifications may now be seen. ROLIfK and BAILEY, 98 Bourfco street west. TEN DR It S WANTED, for RUBBLE, delivered ne« the Fire-bell, Richmond. Apply on the ground, Mond») next._ TKNDERS WANTED, for SAND, doUvorod noir tho Fire-boll, Bichmond. Apply on the ground, Monday noxt.___^ TENDERS for BLUESTONE. BUBBLE, Out Stone, and Carting Sand. Apply John Bolton, Drum mend slreet. _ ENDERS WANTED, for PLABISRINQ thi Council Club Hotel, Lonsdale street, until Monday, first? William Martin._ TENDERS, to Soptember 0, REPAIRS and Bl BUILDING portion National School, Heidelberg. Pim and specification at the building._ ANTED, TKNDERB lor WORKING a FOUN« DRY. Apply Thomas H'Phorsou, Bponosr« r-trcot, Melbourne._ 00D3TOCK ROAD DIBTRIOT.-Tho Board for the abovo District Invite TENDERS until S p.m. Gth prox, for 116 chains CLEARING. Particulars at Woodstock Hotel. The lowest or any tendor not necessarily accepte!. D. R. H-GRKGOB, Surveyor. August 28, 1882. _ _ f"" ' ? Tderohandlae, ALS, Harrlan'«, In bulk ; do. Allsopp'« and Arplnall'a, In glan Stout-Dunphy'», In glass Cheese-Large and small Hams-KluRan'a ; bacon, Ooey'« Candles-Belmont sud Victorian spinn Plcklos, sauoos, bottled fruits : lib. and 21b. |anu Figs, Sultana and Hueoatel raisins, sholl al minds Bice-New Pat», ex Blackburn Brandy-Martell's palo and dirk, Inhhd«. t Do.-Hennessy'«, In caso Old tom-Swaine, Bwrd, and Co.'« Bum-Demorara, 10 o p., In quarters Vinegar-Champion's, No. 24 Flour of sulphur, «oda oryttils Boap-Casey's crown and feather brown Salt-coarse, fine, sad rook Wait . Brown paper and bigs, stationery, &o.; Woolprjk«, throo-buihel sacks, canvas Manilla and Europe rope Blasting powdor-Karnet' Bar, rod. and pig iron ; blister and «hoar steel Sash weight«, kentledge Fonclng wiro, boiler plates Steam engines, Douglass's-li, 16,20horse powe* Floor-mill, by Donglits LORUTSB, MARWOOD, and SOME, William. «Ireel_ BRI G ET BROTHERB and Co have on SALE,-» Boiler plate« GaWinlzed corrugatod Iron Pig Iron, kentledge \- American brooms, axs handles r Now Cork butter, ex Great Britain Bait, coarse and line._ C1AB1KR and WATIB have tor SALE,«« ) Young's non-explosive paraffine, kerosene ' ' Halliday'« mineral nnptha, neatsfoot, lord Olive, colza, Ohlnete, sperm, and polar oils Whltlne, whlteload, oxide of manganese Blasting powdor, sacks, paperbanguigs, planot Ohrete, hams, bacon, figs, currants, muscatels Sardines, Jar sall, «»{sup, congou tea, candiel Beer, in bulk and bo'tlo (new brow) Wines and spirit«, of approved brands. CARTER and WAITS, 70 Little Collins street east: ÎjUOtVBR, M'DONALD, and Co. hare on SALE, ! Brandy In bulk-Martell's, Hennessy'« Bo In case-Hennesiy's, Closeau'a Wines-claret, burgundy In cate, absynthe London and Colonial Oo.'s ale, In hulk and bottle Stout and porter Palo English malt, Kent hop«, 1867-1861 Congou teas, in chut«, half-chests Caadles, Bale's and Ogleby'«, lib. and pickets Tobaccos, Fanoy-Native Companion, la lb., and short twut Do,, sheepwash, destroyed, ready for uso Havannah cigars Boiled navy canvas, Nob. 1 to 6 ; ship«' blooks Thrashing machine, kay and barley forks Pis, bar, I and angle Iron ; boiler plates Galvanlaed Iron-Johnson's U finge . Scotob 29, and 28 gauges »tool-Octagon, square, and flat ; sash-weight« Bninwater pipos, ogee runs, half-round runs, with all neooisary fittings Steam-engines-8,10,12, l8,50 boree power horl tontal ; also 171n. pumps 60 William street, Melbourne._ JOBGPH TAYLOR and Co. hive on SALE, Brandy, mixing, Imperial, and cato; bulk old tom Port-Forrester'«, ««Wies Harris's, Llemon Hart's Sherry-Forrester'«, Campbell's, Amoroso Victoria sporm, Halo's, and light-weight candi«« Jámalos ginger, white pepper, pimento, clove« White and bluo stirch, thumb and light ball blue Sheepwash tobacco, oorrotlve sub lraato, saltpetre Woolpacks, artenlc, «oda ash, and crystals Tartaria acid, peppermint and lemon di, rloe Turkey opium, cnlorodyne, sparkling wine«, «to. IT and i9 Flinders lane west. O' Ñ S Â L "%^\ Mauritius sugars, per Sea Shell Patent «team laid Manilla cordage I «'«licking and Co., 48 Flinders lane east. | Movohandlsf, LORD and Co., HA Collins street want, have oa SALE, in let* to suit purchasers: Marrian's ale, No 8, new brow Hopa, Americto, 18S1 ; Stewart's whiskey £ Hasting powder, »porting powder heopwash tobacco, in bond and destroyed American met» beef, Havannah cigars Boardman'» yeast powders, Townsend'"- sam« I parilla Double tapo water fuse, oin, mut hoops, ito. 'American carriegos, bugg'es, waggons, &o.; Horse power», mowen, roi por», threshers Wlnno ?» en, com sheUers._ ON 8 A L «, Manilla rope steam laid, assorted Tea, finest gunpowder, ox Wllholmln* pi), Cblneie, lu 10 gallon casos and Jars. J. J. Marshall and Co . 46 Flinders lane east. A MEHI OAW CLOCKS-F Falk and Co., 88 LIHH 1 Collins street, have just received, per Atlautlo, 66 casos AMEBIOAN OLOCK8, being the only ship- ment In the market, or to arrlvo._ NM-FBICrïÔN GREASE, 20 tons, on «ALI. Bishop and Keep, 87 El'zabeth street. A Y3BOWN PAPER, Paper Bags, and Stationery oa -O CALE, by Lorimer, Harwood, and Rome, W11« llametreot. B~~LASTING POWDER, Eames and Co.'«, halvil and quarters, on SALS, by Lorimer, Marwood, »ad Boree, William street._ BELL and BLACKS and Letehford's V Sir AH. , jap.-.»», all sizes, Z. Samuel and Co., 48 Elis» beth street touth._ CAUTION.-LEIOHFOBD'S WAX VK8TA8. t B. Lotchford and Co. guarantee their matches will light in any climate, evon If dipped lu water. Customers, therefore, when ordering wax matohH ihoiild be particular in requesting " Latchford'» make," as others aro often aubstituted. B ¡Lo tel ii ord ami Co. having just built an extensive manufactory nie now prepared to execute, at a few da) a' notice, any ordormade payable in England. Three Colte-hno, Bethnal Green (late of White« chapel), London._ C^RIOKETING GOODS, of boat quality. Just re- ceived, per Great Britain and Yorkshire. Lory Brother», Boutkjstroet._ CIOLZA OIL, nuperlor quality, Blundel, Spence, and J Oo.'s, lu druin», casks, and cues, Edward Marks, l8 Queon strcot. COALS.-Att-trallan Agricultural, Minmi, and -Wallsend Companies'. Wharf, or delivered. Jame« L and C. Buike, Wharf. _ ^^^ D' ENUIHKD, 4 to 30 norso powor : Gornlth Boiler», Knglno e-t 1 Botlor Mounting», Screw and Hy* ilr.tullo Pro-roe Punching and Shearing Maokinas, lain. Lathe ; 7- .-l;-,hbrld¡roj, by Pooley, 6 to 10 toni Grabwlnchaa ; C . able Iron Ztiblii}', Water motors,CocksandValvoi.Oon« tractors' Balls and Tram Plates, Leather and India rubber Belting, riax and homp Packing, Grease, Tal- low; Colza, Castor, Chinóse, Kereione, Lard, Haiti fttot,/>livo, anl Polar Oils ; I on Blocks, with one ti three brass sheaves ; Coil Chain, Quicksilver : Copper, in ttlo, bar, and sheet ; Tin, Antimony, Spelter, Pig Iron, HoaunaUlt, Coito ; Coal and Charcoal Powder; tod, Bar, Sheet, Plate, Anglo, and! Iron; Shilling Oa, rollod and htiunnerod; Steel of every kind; 4rio Arm», In blocks and finished ; Patent Mall Axles and Springs, Paint», Oils, Iron Columns and Bkylightl, "ashwelghte, Sheet Zinc, and Corrugated Gal-nisei Iron, Builders' Iromcoagery. CAIRNS, WILSOti, and AMOl, Carron Iron-yard, 74 Flinders lane fait,_ EARÏHENWARS, Glas», Ohlnaware, Hardware» Fancy Goods, Trade supplied. D. Goldspink, 40 Little Lonsdale street west, Quoin street._ r~ÎPIY BRER HOGIHEADB WANTED. Oil Ay_lender and Co., 41 King street._ FOR SALE, a TOBACOOOUTIEB, luitable for country tobacconist Cheap. 148 Elisabeth »Ireet. UtLOUtt SULPHUR for SUE, In lots to sall V country purchasers. Campbell Brothers and Co., 88 Flinders street west._ 11CANO.-Bright Brothers and Co. are cole «veals VT for PERUVIAN GUANO in the Australian colo- nies, tnd have always a stock on hand of this Invaluable manure. Bold In lots to suit purchaser«, at l61, id. per mt., at tho Ouauo Store«, oornor of Little Bourve and Spencer streets, LASSWAUE, China, and Earthenware, In origins! packages, or repacked In quantities to suit pur« caster«. Henry Etoward, 15 Flinders-lane »at, opao ?lie Messrs. Degraves's._ GUiaSO.-Flat Island GUANO, £5 6« per ton, ,superior to Peruvian Askunas and Co.,11 Queen street._ piAS&LIKRS;, crystal, five and six burners. Di. \7 bronz-id and lacquered, two to eight burners. Levy Brothers_ GLASE 0HAOK8, black and gilt stands; Fern Shades, with «tends ; prop«rrstora, Boe Olatiei, .nd Milk Dishes, on SALE. Henry Steward, li Flinders ¡ano east._ tj YAM9 end Co, Practical Optlclansand Fancy Bopo Cljsitory-BRAZILIAN PEBBLE 8PRCTAOLK3, Microscopoi, Btorcoicopea, Btockmen'a powerful Tele* i copoB. Magic Lanterns, wholesale and retail. 07 Col- lins street oast. _ ,, IRON PIPES.-Cist Iron WATER-PIPES, Fire Plugs, Valves, Hydrants, (to Oppenhelmer and I 0, 42 Collins street eait. I BON RtlLS -Light IRON BAILS on SALll Oppenheim«1 and Co., 12 Collins street east. I VOTA Y BLACK, equal to Engll h, on SALE, at lb.» Victor'» Sugai Company's Works, Bandrldge. KEIIOBBNE CRYSTAL OIL warranted gonulno. ? The cheapest beoause tht best. Long and Co., Impor ora. 1ÇQ Bonrko ntreet_ El i.OUENE, 4b 3d. gallon by the cas», Downer'! l a-', guaranteed porfoctly sale. Victoria Oil Con.j),. y, J8 Swanston etroot. KilOSUKE, 4s. Od by the case, Downer'« brand " lamps soiling off unusually oheap. Haselden, 118Klizabothntroot._ KEB08BNE (Dr. Macadam's report), "iafo,"6s. gallon. Block selling off. P. Langwill and Co. INGSFOKD'B Score's WASHING CRYSTALS on 8 »Li, by Bright Brothers and Co. K MOiU'H chorp STORE. lont, Tarpaullne, Rick Cover, Flag, and Flour-bag Maker, 7 Bourke ttreet weat._ MOaU'S puro BRAZILIAN PEBBLES preserve, assist, strengthen «lght. Bomember the ad dress, '-'o;', practical optlolan, 17 Collins street weat. M10IIOSÖOPEB, Btookniea's Glasses, warrantol Compass,*, Boab Quartz Gltssos, Miners' Dills. Mots-optician, 170olUno streot west._ Mri'Sll», tested and oertUed to by tho Water «ni Sewerage Department, on 8 ALK, at the Carron Iron-3 -ard. Motor« cleaned and repaired. MKTER3. - Slemon's patent WATEB-METBRB, Brats Taps, Hydrants, Vslvot, ate. Oppen heimer aud Co , 42 Collins ttreet osat._ MANILLA ROPJ5, all sizes, on SALE. Httohel ind Bonneau, 15 Elizabeth Btreet louth. IL - -CHINESE OIL. in esses and Jars, bo« quality, J. J. Marshall and Co, 49 Flinders lane emit. _ _ PHOTOGRAPHIC GOODS, Cameras, Loners, Otssi aid Chemicals. Johnson's, wholesalo dealer«, 61 Uti .¡j Coilins-rtract oast._ OCKINa-UtmSeW, varions biz:«, at Levy Bro "*?_thora', 21 Bonrko street east._ Í'¡LIPPER'S oolobrated FRENCH- PULISn'o" > BALE, wholesale and retail. E. Smith, oil an 1 rclour mm, 162 Bourtro-itreot > cast. S* ODA ABH, Caustic, Crystals, and Bl-Carbonate Sulphur, Cement. Campbell Brothers and Co., Flinders streot west._ S~BESPWABlfTOBAOCO, Ui bond, and destroyed, ready for use, for SALE, Id lots to Butt purchaser«, by Lord and Co, 124 Collin« ttreet west._ S'DSBPWABH TOBACCO, in bond and duty paid Charlot Witton, 10 Fllndora line weit. TOBACCO. Tobacco.-On BALE, tierces, half tierces, kegs, and hallrkeg« TWIST, l8 fig« to the found, 6s. per lb., at Loughnan'« factory, Little teesdale street we«t._ «TtAUKS, 400 gallons each; English, Colonial X (screened) and Blacksmiths' Coal, on BALE. 55 Filmier« street e»st._ rno ARTIBTS.-Hand madoand machine CRAYON X PAPERS Jest received. Charle« Beero, buk ttlttr. 71 Bwanttun street._ TO ARCHITECTS.-Whitman's DRAWING PAPER?, Antiquarian, Double Elephant, an I Imperial. Charlot Beere, bookseller, 71 Swanstoi »rest._ TO STATION ¿KB, Hawkers, Deiters, ice-Ohoi.i HO TE PAPER, cheap Daybooks, and Oottagi Jaka o.i SALE, at Sohubkrnfr.'i stationery and pipo «srehoiiso, 178 Elizabeth street, VB8TA8.-Letchford'a wax VESTAS, all lists, ort HALS. 0. and I. 8. Davis and Co., 122 Collin« ttrset west. YAPO RISERS. An elegant and cheap apparatui for diffusing the fragranooof flowers, and purify icgitae air In slok-rooms. Levy Brothers, Bourki »t»»»t.________________ WATER-TANKS, oorruistod galvanized Iron, ali íleos, at M'Olelland'*, 41 Little Bourki stree; «i»f._ WATER HEISES, Jin. to 4ln., colonial mad*. Toated and approved by the Water and Sewer at» Department, Moten oleaned and repaired. farren Iron-yard, 74 Fllndera lane east. ?%&'/ BITING, 25 tons, ex Birmingham and Twilight »' 8 ant. caiks. Richard Harvey, 80 Little OoUln r ttret t east. WEtlTLKY RICHARDS' RIFLES and GA ti EINE8, with Whitworth Barrels. - CAB .'. BITiGKl for tho above oan bo obtained from Meiari Vesttsarth, Ros», and Spowers, 81 Harket street._ Produoe, Provisions, Bto. AD/.ÍAIDE FLOUK on HALB, Duffield'» Uni aa superfine (sllk-drissed) ; Dunn and Soas* d - Belf« and Balley, 98 Boarke- etteet vost._ ADELAIDE FLOUR, Hart's, Magarey a, Dunii'i. »titi other flrai-cisi» brands, ou BALE. W. I awrance. William street._ ADELAIDE, colonial, and Californian FLOUB oa B j.îig. II. L. Bharpe, IB Blltabeth street south BARLe.Y»nd BRAN, prime samples from Adelaldi, ;x Prince Arthur. Bamuel Home and Co,, 291 lUaaheth street._ BUTTER, Gould's and Honan'/, on SALE, b/ Lorimer, Harwood, and Borne, Wl'llata strait. ÛUECKB, csloolel potted, flrst-olass, lowest rate»! JO Regular shipments. Hardy and Co,, Market a tmt. j noctao«, *T*mri*rte«*_, uto UTTER (new), ex Great Britain, on 8ALE. 1 Beckwith Brother», B4 Flinders-lane west. (| >ACON, email m'ddle«, Just landed. David Moors, li >_102 Bourke street west._ EfSlIEESE-North Wilts, Cheddar, and double aloa R-> ceiter, In prime order. David Moore, 102 Bourka street west. ¡TMIEESE, prime parcel, oa BALI ; abo, Batter. [*-» equal to now. 105 Jwanrton street, near Lemtdal i p^eeu_ _nc ¡jTIOFFEE, Plantation, native, and Java on S AL a*. [?-> Browne and Bell, 10 Oollln» streit eut-_ hr/LOUR.-The following brand». Victorian, manu li faotured from colonial wheat-.Koroit, Boaebrook, Polwarth Mills, Fort Fairy, and Foyle K">«-Fitaroy. m. Lawrance, 48} William street. 71 LOUR, Moyne Mills, silk dressed, always on S ALI 1? Callender and Co., 41 King street. Ii OPS, primo sample* of Kent, 1891, I860, 1859, {Ti 1866; Malt fWalmsley'! paie), on hand. J. îeknion and Co., 1 Queen-sire«». _ fLTAY, finest Hobart Town, in large and small bale» JO. on BALE, by Wm. Duthie, 20 Klug street,. KAY, hydraulic pressed, prime quality, on SALst" W. Balley, Lloyd's Booms, Collins street west. [TAY, Victorian pressed, £10 per ton ; Chaff oat JT3. and pressed. Alexander Hodson, Western Mirkdt, llslbourne._ Ti f AlZiSof the finest quality, by ivory steamer,oia .ISA 8 ».LE, by William Duthie, 80 r ) Hing street. AIZB.-Prime samples of MAIZE received by ovtry steamer. Samuel Houis ind Co , El.ztboth street._ ?RfAIZff, Maize.-Shipments constantly arrlvin: AtX steamer* and sailing vessels Lowest prices Hi lints and Russell, 280 Elizabeth street. TVTA1Z .', Maize, per ovory vessel, on BALK. 50) iii bigs cow landing. Whittingham Brothers, Eond street OAT?, Maize, Gram, Barley, Whoat, Bran, Pollard, lowest rates. Alex. Olark and Co., 17 Queen ilreet. jf .ATB-Van Diemen'* Land, Californian, Danish, Q_J Sco'ch, and oolonlal. Gamuel House andOo,, B64 Eliztboth street. Lf», AT«, colonial and Californian ; Scotch Oatmeal nj Maize, Batley, and Gram on SALE. W. Law- rance, William street. K> ATO, Mall, Hops, landing and (or SALE. Barlow and Co., 40 Llttlo Lonsdale, near Queen street. JOLLAHD, prime parcels Adelaide, on 8 ALK. Lawrance, 48j William street._ . ,»ICB, nowPatna, ex Blackburn. Lorimer, Mar ?Sv wood, and Rome, WUUam streoU_ fflCE Patna, ex Astreaand Blackburn. Oharlei IX Watson, l8 Flinders-lane wert._ J ALT, fine, coarse, and rook, now landing. Charles j Watson, 10 Flinders lane weat._ frTIO DAÍBYMEN.-100 quarts of MILE per day for I Jl 8 AL', Apply at Thomastown Dairy, 86 Iwanrto j fctrcot. Maohineory. Flrst.class Imperial 8EWINO-tfACHINE, by Singer, at Walter Brown's Victoria Manufactory, 63 Queen street._ A Good BOX MANGLE for SALE, chosp. Equal to any patent. ISO Little Bourko streot east. ( 'LAYTON, SHUTTLEWORTH, and Oo.% POBT« V - ABLE ENGINES, for agricultural purposes, ob (rinod the First Prize At the last Agricultural Exhibition In Melbourne. A iw^ii stock always on hand, together with com r. mi, and improved threshing- machines, at the Steam : i ulno 3 auls, (¿uoon streit north, Melbourno. (j! dem recolved for the importation of all kind« grkului'al machinory, at sngUth prico«, with ox« penses o-ily added. JiJSEPa WILKIE and Co., sole agents for Aus- tralia. _ CORNISH BOILER, 80ft. z 6Jrt , flue affin., with _Mountings, Carrón Iron-yard_ E: ..IGBT-HORBE FOWEB PORTABLE ENGINE, ' b> Clayton and Shuttleworth (has been In use) on BALF, cheap, at Carron Iron-yard. ¡Goulburn, M'Ivor dlilrict. Apply to K Chaplin, ni b'.lizibotli atreet, Melbourno ; or A. Chuall, Whroo. |/~1 KO MARTIN and Co., 25 Market street, have on IVY SALE, STEAM-ENGINES, horizontal, high près uro, 2, 8,10, 16, l8,21, and 24 Inch cylinders ; Smut ItVsclilnes, Corn Sittors, Bone Hill«, Saw Bench«*, IC jDtrnclora' Ballwiy and Chilian Wheels, Jib Cranes, (J) ead Stocks, Stockt and Dies, Lathes, Drilling Ma- le li ¡tie«, Punching and 8hcarinf Machine«, Sheet and Kfi ugle Iron, Bolior Plates and Rivets ; Blister, Spring, Bll-oar, Octagon, Oval, and Square Steel. _ ÍTI OR1ZONTAL HI OH PBEÍ8URE FHOINE. X1 colonial made. Cylinder 6 Inches, stroke U lucho-, tubular Boiler of Lowmoor plates. Price, £100,' Carron Iron-yard _ BINVOICE of Ploksley and Sims'« OH 4.FF0ÜTMRS L aid AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS. Home, omer rf Elizabeth and La Trobe street. JTUBT LANDED, eight STEAM-ENGINES, from li >J to 30 hone power, duo boilers, &o.; Price low. IO J. Jenner. 118 Collin««troot weit. ¡X. ORTABLE ENGINES, Ove, six, and seven tool IX cjlli.dcrs. Lathes, Drilling and Screwing Machines. pTomo, cornor of Elizabeth and La Trobo stroot«. HQ TEAM-ENGINES, two to 10 horse, comniate K_l Franklyn and Co., Herald patiage, Bourke street [SECONDHAND BEER-ENGINES, three and four BO pnll, on BALE. H'Kay, plumber and gasfltter, 180 Collins street west. IrpWKNTY-HORBI PORTABLE ENGINE, by IX Robey; reversing, winding, and pumping gear, (co uplcto, Homo, A'Beokott «treat. "\J nrSIOnBRIDGE, by Pooley. Welshs 10 tom V y Platform, 18ft. x dtt. Carron Iron-sard. 'r*\T ATER ENGINES, Imported and colon's! made ; ¡ * v poworful Windmill, Forco Pumps, Sso. st'Kay, KO Collin« stroot west. r AN III D. secondhand COFFEE-MILL, nino Inna barrel, with flywheol, Address Amphlotyonle, ¡tiOleo of this paper. _ ARTIFICIAL TEETH, 10*. each. HIEB, late Of London, dentist, 180 OoUIni stnet Mit, and Bil Mechanics' Instituto. ARTIFICIAL TEETH, 10s. oaoh, on tbo ooooida neum plate, without wires, latest lnvontlan kier, diotlst, 81}, Mechanics' Institute. ' A RTIFICIAL TEETH Inserted In a superior a mannor in gold, or by th* newly- Improved vul« teanltt) process. Mr. Cumming, surgeon-dentist, 69 ¡Swanston street, opposite Town-hill. ARTIFICIAL TEETB, 10s. each. The groat im provemont in modern dentistry Is EdKELL'3 IMMOVABLE and INDESTRUCTIBLE TESTE, without springs or fastonlngs, surpassing aU other ?contrivances resoitod to by the profonlou. Mr. L. IZikelt, surgeon dentist, 07 Swanston street. "I » Y 8PE0IAL APPOINTMENT.-Mr, BAMFORD, J-> from Pimlico, Loudon, DENTIST to His Exoil lenoy Sir Henry Barkly, K.O.B , 108 Swanston street. Teeth stopped, scaled, «xtraeted, and evory opera' tl-n performed with the greatest care and attention. Painful ortratlons performed (If preforred) under tbi le licence of chloroform. The lost of teeth supplied In the beat manner. Charges strictly moderate. CORNS.-CORNS EXTRACTED without cuttlnf by D, Goldtehmldt, Collins street, cornor of Swan- ston street (Neavo's buildings). DENTISTS. - HsRBYWEATHER and OLARK, fbom Brook street, London, now at 22 Swanston Btreet,rnext Vlotorla Bank._ _ DR. L. L. SMITH can be CONSULTED DAILY o a all colonial diseases rand ohronio afleotlo". Bourke street east TiB-, CLOVER'S 8ABBAPARILLA and POTASH, ±J moat effectual remedy for purifying the Wo al >C0 Collins stroet woot. DR. RAY, Licentiate Boyal College Phydolam. London ; member Royal Collego Burgosna, Loi don : Uoontitto in midwifery, Royal Co lego Surgeon! lato houao lurgeou, London Homcoopatblo Hospital, &c;, will commonoe tb* practice of his profeaeion aia HOMOOPATH10 PHYSICIAN, Burgoon, and A". couoheur, on Monday, September I. at 00 Collin» etreet.east Consultations from 10 till 12, and from f till 5 dally, Ad rico gratis before IO a m._ DR. HUNTER, Consulting and Operating Sargood, ..having returned to the oolony, bega loavo t > Intlmato to tbo profession and public generally, that ho will RESUME PRACTICE at bli realdonoe, fit Bussell street south just above Flinders itreatX-oa tat fiepteiubor. _ _ TvtfüOB and OHBMIOAL«. Jj '.'EVANS, LEBOHER, and EVANS, t.' WBOLESALE and EXPORT DRUGGISTS, C8,6°,.and 00, Bartholomew-close, AUeregatostreit, Xondoh, in connexion with Evans, Sons, and Co-, 4* ¡«Hanover itreet, Liverpool, forward prioa-llsta on application. Goods Bhlpped free on board at either port. Orden to be made payable by London or Liverpool houses. HOBOOPATHY.-Puro HOSOOPATHIO Mt D'OINES, Cans, Books, Cocoa, &o.; Mel boar tt JTomMoptUilo Pharmacy, 90 Collins »treat east. INSANITY.-HAUhUBY HOUSE RETREAT for the INSAilE, Pascoevile. Established 1858.-VA B1 CHOI 3 for LADIES. Any Information may be o'» - Rainedr,i application to Mr. Harcourt, Immigrant.. Homo, Prince I Bridge.________... LEEUBrTS, Leeches.-On SALE, a Qoeiampleot" Mu troy LEECHES. Geo. Boulton, 183 Buiiell Street '_ ? T^CADAHE OABOLK, CLAIRVOYANTE, Met .tvX merlst, and Acoonobeuae, Ifonlndle Home, Stephen itreet. Letters ondoso stamped envelope. AVE your TEETH,-Extraction rendered qui.i _ unnecessary by the uao ot WADDELL'« hlgh'y ceiobrated ANODYNE. No family ihouldbe wilso it It (old by W. Ford and Co., 67 Swanston street, so1* agents for Melbourne. S SUBGEON DENIISr.-Hr. CLARK m»y be CON- SULTED on dlieuei of leith and mouth. 21 Swinston itreet. To mothers -wnoopiHGcouaHMtxrca e and L1NAHINT, an effectual remedy. Da/, hemlst, 27 Lonsdale itreet west. 