SUMMARY EUROPE, IOTRODUCTION. Parliament adjourned on the'19th in- stant for the Christmas holidays, and re- assembles on the 20th proximo. From the termination of the debate on the financial statement, which- waa pio tracted over several nights although no amendment was proposed, to the ad- journment of tho House, the Legisla- tive Assembly was mainly occu- pied with the Estimates. The Trea suior anticipates that the ¡ revenue of theycar 1863 will not exceed £2,-045,500, and the expenditure has been cut down within the anticipated receipts. The accounts of the year 18C2 will close with a balance of ¿56,958 to bo car- ried forward ; and Mr. Haines "Estimates that at the end of 1863 he or Ids suc- cessor will have £9,134 with which to open the accounts of 18G'i. In this easy state of the finances of the colony, the Tieasurer- liad the pleasant duty of stating that he had no new taxes to announce ; And, beyond .the amend- ment of the Customs Act in somo par ticulais, no important measure, nom a financial point of view, jand no new legis- lation for revenue purposes, to pro- pose. Ho admitted, however,'that the new taxes he had introduced at the commencement of the year-first sug- gested by his predecessor in office, under the name of registration fees, <_c.-had not operated successfully. Some changes in this direction might hereafter be proposed ; and ho confessed, on the part of his colleagues, that if the House should insist on the remission of the Ciiinesc passenger tax, ho should not oppose the motion. He attiibuted the fortunato position of the revenue to the sales of land that had taken place under the pi o visions of the Land Act, and stated that, from this souicc, under the immigration clauses of that mea- sure, the sum available for tho pur- poses of immigiation duiing the year would be £214,000. The whole of the Estimates have since been agreed to, with the exception of a few postponed votes. Out of the Governor's Salary Iteduc tion Bill, a somewhat unfoi túnate state of affairs has arisen. The mensure was reserved for Her Majesty's assent, and in tlio course of the present mouth Mr. Ireland, at the request of His Excel- lency, laid on the table of tlie Assembly a despatch nom the Duke of Newcastle, in which, nis Grace conveyed Her Majesty's disallowance of the bill, and her non-acceptance of the resignation of his office, winch Sir Hem y Barkly had tendered. The despatcli contained various passages of an insulting cha- racter. They will bo found in another column. The colony was snecied at for the causes that had led to the introduc- tion of the measure-inferred to be of a personal thaiacter-and insultingly told that in tlie selection of the future governor of this colony Ids Grace would take care to select some gentleman who would not object to regulate his hospi- talities by the reduced amount proposed as his salary. It was felt t)iat the lan- guage used by his Grace was but the reflection of that in wliich the Governor had couched his observations on the bill, and an address, praying that the whole of the correspondence should be laid before Parliament, was moved by a supporter of the Government, and agi cod to. The discussion of the motion, and the scene which it occasioned, aro de- tailed below. In reply, His Excellency sent the papers with a message, not through the Ministiy, but by his private secretary. From those documents, it appears that Sir Henry Barkly had advised tlie Minister of the Colonies that the measure was, in effect, one of punish- ment, arising out of tlie support_he had given to the Healcs Ministiy on a cele- brated occasion, and that the colony %vould be moie liberal to his successor than it would be to him. But it must be borne in mind that the bill originated with the Ilealos Ministry. The sum of 7,000/. was proposed by Mr. Brooke. It was provided that the reduc- tion should not come into operation until the expiry of tho teim of office for which Sir Henry had been appointed. The bill, further, was assented to unani- mously in both Houses, and was, there- fore, a fair expression of po¡)ular feeling, not only on the general subject, but as to tho precise amount of the economy that should be exercised. It was suggested by the failing revenue of the colony, and should, therefore, have commended itself to tho authorities at home as a reasonable measure. The subject will be dealt with on the re-as sembling of Parliament, when steps will bo taken by the Chief Sccrotaiy to vindicate tho honour and loyalty of the colony. At tho same time, a private member-Mr. Mollison-will move that the salary ' of future Governors should be £10,000. The amount will probably be fixed at that sum, and another bill passed unani- mously through both Houses for the purpose. On the 27th ultimo, by His Excellency's command, Mi. Ireland laid on tho table the despatch of the Duke of Newcastle, disallowing the Governor's Sainty Reduc- tion Bill. Various passages of that docu- ment were considereel insulting to Patliamcnt and the colony. His Ginee remarks:-"I shall, of course, take care, on occasion of the next vacancy, to appoint a gentleman who will not object to undertake the probably un- popular task of bringing his scale of living into conformity with theso reduced means' [reduction of salaiy fiom £15,000 to £7,000]. Declining, under the chcumstanc.es, to advise Her Majesty to accept Sii Henry Barkly's re- signation of office, His Giace adds,-"To do so would he to place the tenuie of tho Go. vernor's office in the hands of the local Minis try, who, if they ever considered that he bad been unduly compliant to their opponents while in office, or was too little compliant to themselves, might practically drive him from his government, by subjecting him to the in- dignity and embarrassment of a reduced salary." The references to local ovents in these passages were conddeicd evidence that tho despatch was but the echo of a private report from His Excellency to the Colonial Minister; and-Mr.O'Shanassy having laid on the table a memorandum agreed toby the Cabinet, with reference to the Salary Re- duction Bill, and transmitted to tho Duke of .Newcastle-Mr. Mollison on a subsequent day moved that an address be presented to His Excellency, praying that ho would lay on the table all the despatches and papers bearing on the subject. This motion wa« ¡violently opposed by Mr. Frazer, and the Opposition generally gavo him their support, /this dis- cussion led to a very hot scene in the Assem- bly. In opposing the motion, Mr. Frazer stood at tho table and spoke directly at the Ministry. He vvannly attacked Mr. O'sha- nassy and the Government for their conduct in relation to this matter, and accused them of " persecuting" His Excellency. He spoke in an unusually excited and vigorous manner, and at times addressed himself almost per- sonally to tho lion, members whose i conduct he was impugning. Nor was the lieat of his temper lessened by an observation addressed to him across the table by the Chief Secretary, to the effect that it was of little consequence to the Government what the hon. member for Creswick thought of them. Mr. O'sha- nassy rose to reply to the remarks of tho lion, member, and evidently laboured under strong feelings of resentment, for the manner in which he had been addressed. Ile pioceeded to describe the speech of Mr. 'Frazer as a " violent tirade"-an expiession wlrich called forth cries of "Chair, chair,'1- from many members of the Opposition. Tho Speaker having had his attention called to the remark, stated that it was nut Parliamentary. Mr. O'shanassy, who was met with cries of " Withdraw," refused to be eoorced by de- monstrations from the Opposition, and pro- ceeded to observe that, while he had been called to order for calling a speech a !' violent tirade," the author ol' a speech deserving such a description had buen.allowed,to.dehver'it without, interruption. This .called^up the Speaker, who, with unusuul boat, resented this observation as an insult to the office ho held which he would not. endure, and called on the House cither to support his authority or rebe ve him from nn office for vvhich.be was unfit. Mr. 0'Shnmissy again attempted to address the House, but the Opposition reso- lutely refused to hear him until ho withdrew the observation that had_ been characterised as unparliamentary. Various lion, members rose in succession- Borne to justify the Chief Secretary, and more to sustain the authority and dignity of the Chair ; and some to appeal to tlio lion, member for Kilmore, as the leader of the House, lo show an example of moderation and forbearance in yielding obe- dience at once to the Chair, whatever his own feelings might bo. The Speaker then ox-1 plained, with great temper, his view of the tone and character of Mr. Fnuscr's speech, to show that, although it attacked tim Govern- ment strongly, it dill not contain any expressions, so far tus ho bad caught, that could be pronounced unparliamen- tary. Sir Fruncís further remarked' that ho had probably, in the heat of the moment, resented with too groat warmth a remark that he had, perhaps erroneously, construed to bo offensive to the office lie held moro than to himself. This threw oil on the troubled waters; Mr. O'shanassy withdrew tho offen- sive expression, and attributed his hesitation to do so at first solely to his désira 'to pre- serve the liberty ol'free speech ; and the scene tei minuted in the motion being assented to, on the statement of the Chief Secretary that His Excellency lind expressed his willingness that tile elocuments asked for should he luid upon the table. On the following-evening His Excellency communicated to the House the papers asked for; «nul for thc.tirst**ime in the history of the letormed Parliament of Vic- toria the message was not sent through the Ministry, or a Minister, but direct to the Speaker by His Kxcollency's privaJií¿_sccio tniy. Mr. O'shanassy subsefinciTtly ex- plained that His Excellency s ' secretary liad asked him, after the assembling of tho House, to present tho message, but that he declined to do so until iio hud TCnd the documents he was requested to present. He lind offered, lie said, to call his colleagues to- gether during tlio usual hour of adjournment to read the message, and the papers by-wbich it was accompanied, preliminary to their pre- sentation ; but Captain Timins preferred to return to His Excellency for advice, and then, by command, presented the message himself. A motion to print the message and de- spatches followed; and, during the^discus- sion, Ministers were charged with having violated tlio seeresy of oflieo by communi- cating to the press the nature of tho Duke of Newcastle's despatch, and the Chief Seeietnry was personally assailed- for~having misrepresented His Excellency's views to the Houso as to their production. Both-chargcs were hotly repudiated, and tlio motion was agreed to. A few days ¡ifterwurdB, Mft-Graut moved for tho production of "the despatch" accompanying the Appropriation Act of_8(il which contained a clause, placed in it by tho Opposition, then headed by Mr. 0*Sl_nassy, to compel the re-assembling of Parliament within a limited time. This motion was agreed to; and afterwards,-at the cTosb of a long debate, and when there were few Oppo- sition members present, Mr. Levi moved an address, praying that " all the correspondence" on the same subject should be tablerh- This motion was strongly resisted for a time, but ultimately agreed to. In the course-of the discussion, Air. Gillies, one of the members for Ballarat West, interrupted the Chief Secretary to remark that he (Mr. O'shanassy) was not lesponsiblc for the messages he laid iinoii the table. This drew from Mr. O'shanassy a per- sonal retort. Ho characterised the hon. member as a "mero cypher," and asked what ho knew of the responsibilities of Ministers ? Tho heat of the ?n'ïomcnt carried him on to assert that, n8 the ac- curacy of his statement es regarded His Excellency's expressions to him had be-cn disputed on a previous evening, though-.their perfect truth wits corroborated by Mr. Wood, who was present, he should not again-subject himself to a similar insult by consulting His Excellency, who, us ho had chosen to commu- nicate directly with the HOUFC, could do sô on future occasions, through his " footmnnlLif he chose. Thus stands this pretly little quarrel. Mr. Mollison lias given notice that he will propose a resolution in tho House after the recess, fixing the salary of tho Governor of Victoria at .£10,000. Mr. O'Shanassy-is, at the sumo time, to take steps to vindicate the colony from tho reproach cost upon it by the Duke of Newcastle. The Legislative Assembly has been engaged for the most part, since tho despatch of our last summary, in discussing tho Instituâtes. The Minister of Finance brought forward his Budget on the 20th ult. The estimated re- venue for 1803 is £2,945,000 ; and it is expected that there will be a balance of something like £50,958 to carry forward from 1802. The ex- penditure for tho year is calculated at £2,069,574, so that twelve months heneo wo may expect to havo a bahuico on the right side of the account, without resorting to any- thing in the shape of additional taxation. The greater portion of tho money required for salaries and wages of Government officials, as well as for departmental .contingen- cies, has already been voted. " This is a circumstance unprecedented.1" Never since the establishment of responsible go- vernment has tho money required «for the service of any year been voted until tfie year had considerably advanced ¡ and the rapidity with which most of the items havo been passed is attributable in a great measure to the existence of the Civil Service Act of last session. The consideration of the grants ia aid of municipal and charitable institutions has been deferred until the production of the report of a commission appointed _io in- quire into those subjects. The educational vote and the vote for defencesaleo vemiiin to be con- sidered. The Government propose asking for £120,000 for tho creation of two floating batteries. Among the special votes which havo been taken ate the following:-£1,000 for tho commencement of a national gallery j £9,000 towards tho establishment of reformatories and industrial schools ; £10,000 for extending telegraphic communication to Gipps Land; £8,000 for additions to tho Public Library ; £0,000 for additions (an nnatoinical school) to the Melbourne University ; £1,500 towards the erection of a national museum ; £3,000 in aid of tho Acclimatisation Society ; and £5,000 for making preliminary (turveys of portions of the colony through which it may be desirable to construct railways. The Local Government Bill passed its second reading, in the Legislative Assembly, on the 28th ult. The object ofi this raca suro is to transfer to provincial bodies a considerable portion of the duty and power hitheito dovolving upon the contrai Govern- ment, and to enable tho different localities to tax themselves for public improvements. In framing this measure, the Government have been unable to take advantage of the existing divisions of the country for electoral and police purposes. They, therefore; propose to create "shires," each shiro to contain an area of not less than 100 squaro miles, and its revenuo not to be below £1.000 per annum. Of the seventy-five rood-board districts, con- stituted under an imperfect act passed some eight years ago, eleven are able to meet this requirement, niño possess the area, and will probably, under the bill, possess the revenue named ; and seven- teen additional ' shires can . be formed by the amalgamation of other road-board distriots. Then -thora are'outlying dis- tricts, , not under tho operation of the rood board system, which will be able either to constitute themselves shires, or. to effect a sort of compromise between a road-board and a shire, provided they can show a probable revenue of £600 per annum, and an area of forty square miles. With regard, to councils, or boards, or whatever may be the designation of the governing bodies of these shires, it is proposed that a person qualified,to be elected should possess property of the rateable value of £100 per annum, nnd_tlmt' candidates shall contributo towards the expenses of election. The electora are to bo ratepayers, and there is to bo plurality of voting, ac- cording to tlio amount of rates paid. Each council is to have tho power of imposing a rato not exceeding _. in the pound ; and an equal amount to that raised by rate will bo contributed, for the first five years, from tlio funds of tho state. The councils will also bo cmpowcicd to reccivo tolls (other than those imposed on main roads), pound fees, fees arising from tho salo of unclaimed fees, commonage fees, awl tho fees paid by wine and spirit merchants, brew- ers, and publicans. The revenue arising from theso items now amounts to ¿£130,000 per annum, and under local supervision it is ex- pected to be largely increased. The measure is a very bulky one-containing over ' 300 clauses-and its discussion will necessarily occupy some time. Bills have been introduced to amend the law relating to mercantile transactions, to nmend tho Customs Acts, to alter the law as to sleeping partners, to amend the Mining Partnerships Act, to amend and consolidate the law relating to volunteer corps and to provide for tile formation of a coast- guard ; and among the measures promised are a Mu- nicipal Corporations Bill, a Licensed Vic- tuallers' Act Amendment Bill, a bill codifying bye-laws on miscellaneous subjects, a Pot t and Harbours Bill, and some hall- dozen bills re- lating to the gold-fields; butas.Pailiament adjourned on Friday for the Christmas holi- days, and will not ro-nssoinble until the 20th January, and as the Government talk of clos- ing tlio session about tlio end of February, it is difficult to understand how one-half of tho business wo have mentioned will be elealt with. None of the. measures submitted to Parlia- ment have yet been, advanced beyond the second reading. Mr. Ireland's Pnitnerships and Trading Compunies Bills have boon're- ferred to a select committee. Mr. Wood has introduced a Mercantile Law Amendment Bill, witli which some progress has been made. It incorporates tho law of England with relation to limitations and the powers of the new Fnctois Act. Mr. Ii eland has withdrawn the Indictable Offences Bill, that it may be re-introduced in a form more likely to receive the assent of the home Government. Mr. Haines has introduced a measure, on tho paifc of the Government, for the regulation of the volunteer force and the provision of ii coast- guard. A bill has been introduced by a pri- vate member to prevent the adulteration of food, mid the improper storage of kerosene in cities. The first of tho prosecutions for the eva- sions of the Land Act lim taken place befoie the Supreme Court, in its criminal jurisdic- tion. Tlie charge was, that the two defendants conspired together to procure land, as if for agricultural settlement, under the settlement clauses of tho Land Act, but contrary to the restrictions imposed by the act for tho pio teefcion ot the interests of the Ciovvn. It is probable that numerous eases will follow for trial, as a verdict of guilty has been found, and a sontenco of imprisonment inflicted. Tho pastoral tenants of the Grown, who wore popularly supposed to bo favoured espe- cially in the Land Bill, have boon alarmed by the high assessments placed on their hold- ings under tlie valuation clauses of the squat- ting section of the net. The lands havo bjon assessed as of four classes, according to their carrying capacities. Sheet) runs of tho tint class are those estimated to carry 100 sheep to 100acres; of tho second, 75; the thiid, 50; and the fourth, 25 sheep, to the mimo area. Of cattle runs, the first class carry 21 cattle to 100 acres, the second l8, tho third 12, and tho fourth G, to the same extent of land. Tho squatters complain that on this basis of assessment much land has been too highly classed, and that in some instances the whole wool crop of the year would not sulBco to meet the assessment. Various meetings have been held, aud deputations havo waited on the Chief Secretary on the subject. Two months, however, aro given by the act for appeals, and it is probablo tho matters in dis- pute will be arranged. An Act to Amend tho Land Act has been promised for next session of Parliament, when the defects of the, measure ate better ascer- tained. Parliament was adjourned on the 10th inst. until the 20th proximo, for the Christmas holidays. Howitt and his party havo arrived at Ade- laide with the remains of Burke and Wills. They aie expected to reach Melbourne on Saturday. The remains will lie in state in the Koyal Society's Hall until tho 21st proximo, when the public funeral will take place. The remains will be interred in tho General Cemetery. Mr. Summcrs's design for the monument to bo erected in Melbourne, to commemorate their achievements anti their fate, has been accepted. The discovery of new gold-fields in Gipps Latid is adding largely to the extent of the known aurifetous land of the colony. Some magnificent quartü reefs have lately been opened up in Donellys Creek, and fresh fields arc likely to be discovered all along tho southorn slopeä of tile Dividing Hanges. On tho western side, in the fern-tree gullies, on the head waters of the Yarra, some very pro- mising alluvial diggings have been mado known within the last few days. They are no moro thun seventy miles distant from Mel- bourne. Surveys of the country for railway purposes are progressing in various directions, and aro contemplated in others. A vote of £5,003 has been assented to for the purpose. The object is to asccitain the best lines, that the Crown landi, for some distance on both sides, may be reserved. The advantages Ballarat anti Bendigo derive from railway communication are so apparent, that nil tho other considerable gold-fields are putting forth their claims for similar accommodation. Ministers have de- clined to gutirantcc'a ruto of interest on lines formed at the expense of public companies, but private enterprise is likely to toke this direction. A survey of the sources of the Uiver Coliban isbcingniade.withavicwto the formation of an immense reservoir near Malmesbury, and tlie furnishing of Castlemaine, Bendigo, and other gold-fields willi a large artificial supply of water, by means of an open aqueduct. The scheme is feasible Tho cost of the work will be largo, but its importance can scarcely bo overrated, as the distiicts which it would supply sulfer severely from the want of water in the months of summer. A shoit tramway is in course of construc- tion to connect the Capo Paterson 'coal-fields with a shipping placo in Coal Creek. Theso mines are now atti acting considerable atten- tion, and it is expected that they will ero long contribute largo supplies of coal, both for household and steam purposes. The Acclimatisation Society lins held its first annual meeting. His Excellency pre- sided. The report presented n favourable view of the operations of tho society. Pro- fessor M'Coy delivered a highly interesting and appropriate lecturo on the occasion. Somo of tho journals of tho Murrumbidgoo district are discussing the necessity of separa- tion from New South Wales, and of adding tho territory watered by the Mut ray, the Murrum- bidgee, the Edward, tho Dalling, and other rivers, to Victoria. Since Echuca has become tho dopet of the river trade, it has been found that such rivers as the Ovens can bo mado navigable in winter, and the necessity of assisting tho work of clearing their beds from snags is likely to bo brought heforo Parlia- ment ero long. The meeting of deputies from the various Australian colonies, on the subject of a uniform intercolonial tariff, is likely to take place in Melbourne in March. Last month we had lo record tho occurrence of destructive fires nt Sandridgo and Ballarat. This month a still moro melancholy talo has to bo told. Tho thriving young town of Inglewood has been nil but burnt to the ground. The loss is estimated at something like £80,000. Talbot (or Back Creek) has also been the scene of a serious conflagration, the loss being estimated at £12,000. Plcuro-pneumonia has again broken out with some virulence among tho cattlo and dairy stock. A commission to inquire into the subject is about to bo appointed by tho Government, lîegulations havo been framed under tho Customs Act for tho prevention of the importation of cattle and shcop affected with contagious diseases. Nuggets of considerable size havo been dis- covered during the month, both on Bendigo and Ballaiat. The proposal of the Peninsular and Oriental Company to provide a fortnightly mail ser vico is warmly supported in Melbourne, but has been coidly received in the other colonies. The judges of tho Supreme Court have nt last given judgement in the privilege case, and adhered to that deliverel by Judge Chap- man. Tho opinions of tho learned judges will be found in another column. . New gold-fields of some importance, though of no great extent, havo been discovered in Otago during the month. Matters in New Zealand are still in an un- settled state. The Queen's natives, however, seem to be increasing in strength. The usual preparations for Christmas aro progressing, with the thermometer at 85deg. and 90dcg. in tho shad«'. A great effort is to be mado to froo the charitable institutions of Molbourno from debt by a series of fítea and bazaars, arranged by Mr. J. V. A. Bruce, of railway celebritv. under tho title of tho old play, "A New Way to Pay Old Debts." The effort promises to bo successful, and is re- ceiving general encouragement. THE GOVERNOR'S S Ali AUY REDUCTION BILL. On tho 11th inst., in answer to nn address from the House, His Excellency tho Governor cominunicntod to the Legislativo Assembly a message, which was delivered by his private secretary. The address asked for tho papors and despatches having reference to the Gover- nor's Salary Reduction Bill. The message said : " Personally, and in vindication of his honour, tho Governor is most anxious that all he has told tlio Imperial Government as to this bill should be publicly known, although ho need hardly add that it was not intended at the timo it was written to seo the light whilst he remained in the administration ot tlie government.' But ho feels it his duty to point out, that there exists a wide diffcreifco between publishing despatches from' the Secretary ol' State anil despatehea addressed to tho Secretary of State by tho Governor of a colony possessing responsible institutions. This distinction is obviously founded 'on the twofold position ,whiuh such a Goveiuot occupies-as the confidential agent of the Im- perial Government on the one hand, and the representativo of a constitutional sovereign in her relations to the colonial Legislature on the other. In the first capacity, he is bounil to give his opinion unreservedly on every question which he submits for tile Queen's decision ; in the second, it is improper that his views on po- litical questions should bopubliclyannouncod, except under very peculiar circumstances. In deference, however, to the wishes of the House, the Governor in the present case trans- mits ull the despatches which he has1 sent home on the subject referí ed to." Accompanying this message were various despatches. In that of the 7th May, the Go- vernor intimates that a liill reducing the salary of the Governor from £10,000 to £7,000 had passed both Houses, tenders his resignation, and remarks: " Those who know nie will not imagine that in Becking to bo relieved of the government at such a moment, I am influ- enced to any undue extent by pecuniary con- siderations. When in British Guiana I begged tobo included in the contemplated reduction of tho civil list; nor did I, as your Grace is aware, wait to bo asked to accept reduced emoluments as governor of Jamaica, where political reasons rendered it essential that an example should be set; and though the case iu this colony-embarrassed, if at all, by the unbridled extravagance of its Legislature, and its enormous expenditure in public works cutlers widely from that of tho West Indies, impoverished by events beyond their own control, I would, if desired, have checifully continued to perform my duty hero, regard- less of reductions, had my retirement not pro- mised to bo more advantageous to Her Ma- jesty's sei vice." . " A year ago, indeed, when a similar bill, after passing the Legislativo Assembly by the requisite absolute majority, had been so pointedly rejected by the Legislative Council that two voices could not bo found to call for a division in favour of tho second reading, I '.vus so far from wishing to escape my fair share of economy, that I actually drew up the enclosed letter to the Chief Scoivtury, Mr. Healey, which was only withheld because tho aspect assumed by political affairs rendered it inexpedient that I should negotiate with bim on such a subject. " Although anxious that tho altered position in which I now stand should bo cleaily under- stood, I should havo hesitated to ascribe the widely different reception given by the Legis- lative Council to a similar bill on its recent re-introduction by my present advisers to the course which I had felt bound, as an impartial arbiter, to pursue during subsequent events, had not tlio honourable member who was,last year foremost in opposing the measure, openly avowed from his placo that I bad forfeited his support bj' consenting'to' dissolve the As- sembly, whilst another honourable member, who had then designated the reduction as ' preposterous,' now brought it forward with au elaborate hpecch I '" I mention theso facts but to show that my continuance in office would create! cmbnnass ment should Her Majesty's Government seo tit to take exception to tho summary inter- ference with tlio Crown's prerogative, or tho disproportionate reduction contemplated by this bill, and to satisfy your Graco, in whose good opinion I should bo most sorry to suffer, that I am influoneeel by no othor motive in soliciting Hor ."Majesty's gracious acceptance of my resignation, than a convic- tion that a provision better suited to main- tain the dignity of her representative may bo anticipated from tho party now in power, if one so obnoxious to it on personal grounds as myself were out of the way." In tho enclosure, dated May, 1801, and ad- dressed to the then Chief Secretary (Mr. liealcs), His Excellency proposes to accept a reduction of twenty per cent., and sa} s : " I make the offer because, to a certain ex- tent, the scalo of a Governor's expenditure hore might bo so adjusted as to make a reduced income suffice, and becauso it has ever been my own earnest desire, as I beliovo it to bo that of tho Imperial Government, that all such matters should ha arranged in accordance as far as may be with the wishes oFtho colonists themselves." In the despatch of the 22nel May, accom- panying the Civil Servieo Bill, nis Excellency enters at great length into the subject, and says : I had hoped to bo sparcel tho neces- sity for alluding to matters either of a poli- tical or personal natuio; but the paragraph numbered 1, in which Mr. O'Slnvuassy Btates that a similar bil!, introduced by my then advisers, 'just prior to the dissolution of Par- liament, passed through all its stages in the HOUBO of Assembly, but did not pabfl the Legislativo Council,' would so inevitably lead thoso unfamiliar with tho facts to inferences opposite to the truth, and injurious in the highest degree to my reputation, that it is in- cumbent on me to point out that tim bill re- ferred to was brought in on the OLh January, 1801, whereas the prorogation which preceded the dissolution was not till the 3rd July, and further, that so far from there having -been tho slightest connexion between tho -two events, that bill had been thrown out by the Legislativo Council on its second reading, without a division, on tho 19th of Marah fifteen weeks before. When I add that, between its first and second reading in the Assembly, tno Heales Ministiy, With whom it originated, and by whom it was unanimously supported, was reinstated by mo in office, whilst duriu'i tho repeated discussions which ensued no less than five of my present advisers spoke ami voted against its details, fairer grounds aro afforded (yet faint compared with what might bo" nd dticed) of judging whether my conduct on the occasion was influenced by considerations of personal interest. '. With respect to ' unanimity,' I would ob- serve that it is sometimes in legislative bodies moro apparent tlian real, as wheio opposition would bo fruitless," perhaps damaging to the party evincing it, whilst it may oven happen that what is passed unchallenged at one mo- ment, may bo shortly afterwards deeply re- gretted by many, us has happened in Victoria, where manhood suffrage and most of the other cbangesinits political institutions were carried with little or no discussion by tho very men whoaronowloudcHtincondcmuingtheiropera tion. That tho Legislature was by no means unanimous on this question of the Governor's salary twelve months ago has been already shown. Why no opposition was attempted to the Ministerial proposal this year it Would be an invidious eluty for mc to explain, but it certainly did not nrlse from any expression ot public feeling at tlio general election, as Mr, O'shanassy would havo it inferred for I believe, excepting on his own hustings, tho topic was not alluded to. ... ¡so far were this gentleman and his colleagues from acqui- escing in tho propriety of this policy [reducing the salaries of Ministers], that when after having been soma timo in power they thought proper to complete the Cabinet to tho full numlmr it lind before contained, they felt themselves entitleil to claim payment at the old rates for the few weeks during which. the Postmaster-Generalship and Oommis sioncrehip of Railways had been left vacant. Tu" arguments adduced may be strong enough io jiliJify a reduction of two- ninths (say a little over twi-nM'-two per cent.) in the case of Ministers, or the _ sing of a maximum of twenty-five per cent, to bo deducted from the higher class of salaries on ¿he Estimates; bufhow do they justify a proiK">sal to reduce the 'Governor's emoluments to moro 'than double that extent, or over fifty-three per .cent, on the aggregate ? . . . In Victoria, under tho now arrangement, whilst the leading Ministers, who aro not oxpected to ' en- tertain, who may c-arry on extensive opera- tions in trade, in pastoral pursuits, or in mining speculations, or draw salaries as bank or railway directora, and who are still entitled to claim pensions for life after two years' service, aro to be paid £2,000 per annumtltho Governor, who has to preside over society, and take the lead in promoting every object of religious, charitable, or sociol lmproventent, and who cannot avoid comment except by exercising widespread hospitality amongst tho inhabitants of the largest and wealthiest colonial city of the empire, is to be left with at most £5,000 peí annum to keep up his position. " , " There is jet another gravo objection to this bil!, arising from the fact that it takes the salary of tho Governor out of the Civil List, yet provides none of those safeguards by which the items of expenditure still left iriit are surrounded. The provision for the Ministry will remain intact, but that for the Governor will be left at the mercy of a bare majority of the two Houses, or, in other words, of his ad- visers for the time being, who may at any moment, if desirous of coercing him, place him in tho dilemma of either consenting to tako a lower salary, or of producing a Minis- terial crisis on purely personal grounds. " Without a fixed residence, and with an in- adequate and uncertain salary, I am very much afraid tho representative of the Crown will soon sink into complete insignificance ; and obvious as are the objections to 'popular election to the highest otlicc in the state, espe- cially in such a community, I believe it would bo wiser at once to fuco them, than to try the experiment with n nominee of the Imperial Government. The colonial Legislature ought to be called to reconsider tho whole question calmly and dispassionately, and to amend tho bil], so Unit, oven if the salary assigned bo ad- hered to, additional provision may bo mode for the Governor's statf and contingencies and both amounts placed upon a secure und per- manent basis.' The offensive passages in tho despatch oftho Duke of Newcastle, disallowing the Governor's Salary Koiuction Bill, were the following : " I do not consider that the inadequacy of the salary calls upon moto moko it the subject of contioversy, and if the colonists of Victoria desire that future representatives of the Crown should receive a rato of salary so much lower than thot which is consideicd not moro than sufficient to secure the seiviccs of nblo men ,ia other colonies, 1 shall of course take care, on occasion of the next vacancy, to appoint a gentleman who will not object to undertako the probably ' un- popular task of bringing his scale of living into conformity with these reduced means. "But I cannot, in the absence of explana- tion, allow this diminished rate of payment to be deprived of those safeguards with which tho Constitutional Act now surrounds it, neither can I consent that It should bot ap- plied to your own salary so ' long as you hold office ; and least of nil can I permit myself to evade that application by advising Her Majesty to accept your resignation under the circumstances under which you havo ten- dered it. To do so would ho to pi ico the tenure of the Governor's office in tho hands of the local Ministry, who, if they ever con- sidered that ho had been unduly compliant to their opponents while in office, or was' too little compliant to themselves, might prac- tically dave bim from his government, by subjecting him to the indignity and embar- rassment of a reduced salary. " And even supposing, whut I hopo I may suppose, that no colonial Government would resort to a contrivance so unworthy of them- selves, und so insulting to Her Majesty, and, through her, to tho nation over which she presides, it is wholly contiary to tho prin- ciples of colonial government that tlie ollioer who represents tbo Imperial connexion, ' and is charged with the caro of Imperial interests, should perform his duties under tho appre- hension that ono Ministry might impose a line upon him for having done what he con- sidered his duty to another." THE PRIVILEGE CASE. PAituAsrENT v. TUB PKESS. On Tuesday, December 9, their Honours | the Judges-the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Williams, and Mr. Justice Molesworth-gave | written judgements, as follow, in the caso Of ' DILI, V. MUltrllV AN» ANOTHER. The CHIEF JUSTICE.-Demurrer to pleas. Declaration for assault and .imprisonment against the Speaker and Surjeant-at-Arms ot tho Legislative Assembly. Tho defen- dants pleaded thrco pleas, each amount- ing substantially to a justification under tlie Speaker's warrant issued to arrest tlie plaintiff for a contempt of tho Assembly. Tho finit sot out the publication of a libel: that tlie plaintiff, as publisher, was rcquiied to attend at the bar of the House to bo exa- mined touching tho libel ; and that, as ho re- fused tho Assembly ordered ho should bo ar- rested, and token into custody hy the Serjeant at-Arms. The second set out thnt tho Assem- bly adjudged the article published to be a libel, and ordered that the plaintiff, as publisher, should bo imprisoned for a certain time. And tho third, omitting any statement of the libel, set out generally that tho plaintiff was guilty of a contempt in not attending at tho bar as required, and for such con- tempt it was ordered that ho should bo imprisoned during tho pleasure of the Assembly. To thesu pleas tho plaintiff de- murred ; and for cause stated, " that the Legislature possesses no judicial or inquisi- torial functions analogous to those of tho Iligh Court of Parliament, and therefore has no such power as by tho picas appear to havo been exeve'sed ; and that the powers, privi- leges, and immunities of the said Legislature havo not been ' defined' within the meaning of the Constitution Act." Tho power of the Commons to punish for contempt, as well as the extent of authority legally incidental to a Houso of Colonial Legislature, regarded merely as a deliberative assembly, has been so olearly determined, that it may bo at oneo assumed theso pleas would afford a sufficient defence to the Speaker or. Ser jcant-at-Ai'jns of tho House of Commons, if pleaded by bim under circumstances I similar to the present, and that, except by virtue of spooial enactment, tho now defend-j ants were not justified in tho courso they pur- sued. Tho subject for decision is resolvable, thei'cfoic, simply into the proper construc- tion to be placed on the statute, " the Consti- tution Act," and on the 20 Victoria, No. 1. Does that Constitution Act empower the Le- gislature to adopt all the privileges of the British House of Commons; and, assuming tho power to havo boen created, has it been properly exercised by tho donees thoreof? Tho 1st and 35th sections of the Constitu- tion Act, the ono oxpressly and tho other implied')', give tho power to legislate respect- ing the privilege» to bo enjoyed hy tho Coun- cil and Houso of Assembly. Whether, this power is comprised in the general terms of the 1st, or is to be deduced by implication from the whole of tho 85th section, it is in ! cither case restricted by the proviso contained in the hitter : and as the 20 Victoria, No. 1, specially refers to .that clauso, the measure should bo construed as that which it purports to bo, namely, tin exerciso of the powors conferred by the 85th section. What, then, is tho extent of thoso powers? The points marked hy tho plaintiff for argument admit that there might legitimately have been legislation respecting freedom of mem- bers from arrest or molestation, liberty of speech, expulsion of members, and regulation of proceedings; but, according to his views, " tlie Constitution Act docs not entitle tho Council and Assombly to privileges, im- munities, or powers inherent in tho'Houso of Commons, os a constituent port of a couit of justice-the power of commit- ment for contempt is confined to such courts. Tho power of nil commitments,by tho Houso of Commons depends, for their validity, on the fact that Parliament isa court ; and if all the privileges of the Houso of Com- mons can be chiimcd by the local loglslative bodies, thay would1 posèess the power of im- peachment." Tho enabling portion of tho i$5th section, " That it should lie lawful for tho Legislatura to define tho' privi- leges," &c;, implies by necessary intond ment tho power to create, if not already in force, the privileges so to ,bc defined. Tho terms of the section arc general, the only limitation imposed Is that contained in ¿ho proviso that " such privileges," &c;, " should not exceed " those exercised hy the Commons Houso of Parliament at a particulur date. From Hie naturo of these terms tho clause cannot be confined to some only of tho pri- vileges of Parliament, enabling tho local Le- gislature, for example, to enact lows -that members shall havo freedom from arrest, provided it docs not exceed in amount the | freedom enjoyed by the membors of, tlie House of Commons, but debarring legislation on the power of commitment or other pri- vileges of alike nature; and yet- either tho proviso must be so constmed, or the linii'-a tion contained in it is unnecessary unless authority has been granted to creato powers .to the esunt of that limit. It is provided that tho pdvilegea, &c.;, of the .tCommons House of Parliament held at n certain date must not bo exceeded, but no reference what- ever, is made to or restriction imposed in con- sequence of the manner in which- tlio House acquired those privileges. The Commonir ac- quired tho power of committing; for contempt not becnuso it is a representative body with legislative functions, but by virtue of ancient usage and prescription."- Carson v. Kiely. But the question is, not how the House ac- quired such a power, but whether it was held and exercised within tho menning of the section, und at the timo specified. Tho judge- ment in Burdett ti. Abbot seems so peculiarly apposite to the present case, more especially respecting the necessity for the exerciso of the power of commitment for contempt by Par- liament, not .as a court, but os a deli- berative assembly, that an extract may be allowed :-"'The privileges which belong to them seem at all times to have been, and necessarily must be, inherent in them independent of any precedent." " Poor and impotent indeed would be tho privileges of Parliament if they could not also protect themselves against injuries and affronts offered to tho aggregate body which might prevent orimpedo the full and effectual exer- cise of their Parliamentary functions." "And is not the degradation and disparagement of the two Houses of Parliament in the estima- tion of the public, by contemptuous libels, as much an impediment to their efficient acting with regard to tho public as the actual ob- struction of an individual member by bodily force in his endeavour to resort to tlio place where Parliament is holden ?" Thus, then, although the power of commitment for con- tempt may have been first acquired by Parliament us ft court, and is held by ancient usage and prescription, yet its retention and exercise ore deemed of importance to them, as- a . deliberativo assembly, and'-a general authority to assume' this'or other uko privileges has been therefore eonferred'on the local legislative bodies. The argument, tbnt if all the Parliamentary privileges can bo obtained by the ' Council nnd Assembly thoy would possess the jiowcr of impeachment, docs not determine the proper construction to be placed on this 3Sth section. Tho |H>wcr of impeachment enables the House of Commons to act as accuser before th» Houso of Lords, acting as judges. It is a relative, and rnmiot actively exist without its conelative, the judi- cial power. But the impossibility at presont of either body actually exorcising- such a relative power as this, owing to tho absenco of its correlative, docs not restrict tho general words of a clauso creating a power, or render invalid an enactment which gives othor powers that may bo oxcrciscd. Whether somo of tlio privileges in question must, from inapplicability of ciicumstances, at present lie dormant, is comparatively unimportant ; the authority to confur them equally oxists. The object of tho Constitution Act, judging from its terms, was to entrust to local legisla- tion full authority to deal with load mutters subject to certain restrictions respecting' questions of Imperial nnd intercolonial policy. The proviso has dealt with the Imperial part of tho present question : that being disposed of, express words would have been used had the Imperial Parliament 'intended to place any Author limit than tlint convoyed by tho proviso upon legislation on a question so purely local as tho extent of'Parliamentary privileges to bo adopted by the colonial Houses. If a special act had been passed declaring that a libel on tho Assembly was a contempt, that the Assembly should havo power to decide what was or was not a libel, and commit as for contempt the person guilty of publishing such a libel, the woids ns well as tlio Bpirit of the Constitution Act would not allow of tho measure being deemed ultra vires, and yet the objection to the plenary powers given by the 85th 6oction must, if tenable, extend to snell an enactment. According to the plain meaning of words, tho 85thsection authorizes tile giving the Council nnd Assembly the privileges of tlio House of Commons; and where the language of an act' admits of no reasonable doubt, the principie, that laws affecting tho liberty of tho bubject should not be construed strictly, is inappli- cable. The second question, whether this Eower so conferred has been propel ly exercised y tho donees-in other words, whether th« privileges, &c;, havo been "defined," remains to be considered. That term, "define," tho plaintiff contended, was not "satisfied by a descriptive referenco merely, but required.an enumerating, or specifying in detail, of each particular privilege, immunity, and power. The necessity for so literal a construction of the word, or for roquiring, under all circum- stances, a rigid adherence to'such a con- struction, is not vory apparent. The term is introduced in a writing creating a power, and whether that writing is an act of Parlia- ment, an ordinary settlement, or any other instrument, tho quostion raised by such an. objection as the present is in ali cases the' same, nave the requirements of the j ower been substantially complied with? Tho power authorised tho giving all, or somo only, of tho privileges of tho CommoiiB. The privileges themsolvcs had been ascertained, or were uscertainablo; thoir limits could in no respect bo controlled by local legislation. The innor boundaries, BO to speak-not the outer -were thoBo which required to bo accurately and precisely laid down ; but when all wcro given, the necessity for this nccu raoy ana precision ot delimtion compara- tively ceased. Tho privileges of tho Houso of Commons are part of the common law ; and although in popular language they aro sup- posed to be undefined, on account of the in- expediency, it may bo, of not expressly de- fining them, yet thoy aro ns clearly as certainable, and supposed to bo as well known, by tho loarncd judges of England, as any other part of tho common law of tho land. The drawing nn act defining the privi- leges, immunities, anti powers of the House of Commons would not only bo attended with vory great difficulty, but would indirectly de- feat Ino principal object for which thoso very privileges aro conferred. Apnit from theso objections, as tho local Legislature possesses only a restricted power, the nssortion by them of tho rights of another body would not bo obligatory; and lind thoy_ attempted? to de- scribo in detail tho privileges of tho Com- mons, they would not only havo pot formed an unnecessary work, but they might havo jeopardized the act if their definition was not correct. Definition by roferenco may bo o lux mode to adopt in legislation, but on this ground alone the measure cannot bo held to bo inoperative. Tho sufficiency of dofining or describing by roferenco is suppoited by tho authority cited from the Year Jlook, and thero arc various precedents for such a course, not only in colonial ordinances, hut in tho statutes of tho Imperial Parliament (0 Geo. IV, cap. 88, sec. 8). The powor elaimcd by tho défendants has boon given to tho local,Legislature. Tho objection to tho preciso modo in which that powor has been exercised is ono rather of form than of substance It is, in effect, an objec- tion to tho terms only, in whioh an Act of Council has been framed. There may bo, and doubtless aie, difficulties in holding that by the general words used nil tho privileges of the British llouso of Commons, and the lex et consueludojmrliainentihiwc been transpl anted to this country, and that tho judges of this Court ore to ossnmo tho onerous duties of de- termining the extent of theso privileges. Moreover, the 2nd section of the act may by this construction be deemed almost . super- fluous ; still theso difficulties cnunot disploco tho plain meaning of words. Tho intention of the Legislntiuo deduciblo from theso words IB unquestionable. Hoforcnco is expressly mudo to thosourees from which tho privileges may havo been derived. It was obviously intended by tho framcrs ol' the act that all, whether held by custom, statute, or othonvlso, should. If adopted, bo enjoyed by tho Council and Assembly. If tho power to pass such nn act be admitted, and thu object for which it was passed apparent, it ought not to be hold void simply becauso its terms aro general, and not so liiceiso as may bo supposed to bo techni- cally requisite. It may ho right to refer to a difficulty which, irrespective of tho construc- tion tho mt'osuio may receive, scorns to be in- volved in the 2nd section. It is not clear from its terms whether the determining on tho privilege», &c;, hold by tho Houso of Com- mons is to be regarded ns a question of law of which the judges aro to possess judicial know- ledge, or a matter of fact susceptible of proof. Hcleronco is now mado to tho subject .with a view to the removal, if necessary, ot the ap- parent, anomaly between the decisions of the Courts at homo holding tho privileges of Ptitlitimcnt to bo part of the common, law of tlie land, nnd this section recognising those privileges as ca|iablo of proof by evidence. It is not incumbent on tho Court to pronounco judicially upon the matter. I am of opinion that upon this demurrer, the defendants are entitled to judgement. Tho following cases and authorities were cited and referred to during tho argument :-21 Victoria Ko. 13 ; ¿Beaumont v. Jiarrttt, 1 M., P. C., C9 ; Kiely v Carton, 4 M,, P. C, 03 ; Hampton v. Fenton, 11 M, P. O. 3-17; limden v. Abbot, 1_ 13., 1; Sheriff of Middlesex, 11 A. & E., 273; Howard v. Gossett, 10 Q. B" «59 ; Bacon's Ah. " High Court;" Rex v. Hobhouse, 2 Ohilt, 207 ; Spilt buril v.MickU-th iva ile, 1 Tau n t.,1-16 ; In re Cranford, 13Q.15.,(il3 ; Queenv. 7Äoros70orf,12A.&E.;,183; Goody v. Duncombe, 1 Ex.. 430; Johnson v. Up '.itftt - J® b- J-. Q-B., 252 ; Plummer v. Balthar». ï Burr _oV Iianlc "f A"?tr«f<rm v. Ma* l\ Q.B., 717; Doll J 'ts. _.' /. Lift At»iir<tfl£t Oom panu, l8 Jur., 1026; .Year Book, 20, H 7, 70 (Abbey St. Alban'i C,M ; ) Bushclfs Case, Vaughan, 135: Co. Litt., - ,110a', Í09; Sex v. Si-one, O E., 513 : toward it.- Ormerod, G Q.B., 300 ; Bole i\ Jlortow Vaughan, UbUi, ' Mr. "Justice WI_IAI_.-Two s questions arise. First, does tim 2nd section' of tho 20th Victoria, No. 1, properly doline tho privileges of tho House under the Autho- rity given by tho 35th section Ol' the Constitution Act? Second, if it dots, is tho privilege claimed one within* the mean- ing of the section? Eirst, I venture to surmise " that hod any or all of the privileges enjoyed by the House of Commons, as a deliberative assembly, been claimed by the Colonial Legis- lature, and severally enumerated in an act of Council, no argument could hnvo been raised as to its validity, provided the privileges were not in excess of thoso of tho House of Com- mons at tho date of the passing ' of the Constitution Act. Butit is said, conceding tho 35th section did give to the Assembly full power to specify what its privileges Bhould be, thnt the power given has not been exer- cised-the piivileges claimed by the 20th Victoria, No. 1, have not been defined therein, as tliey ought to have been, seriatim. That given na they aro, in globo, or by way of re leroncc, this consequence» follows-in order to ascertain whether from timo to time tho privilege claimed bo in excess or not of tho privileges of the House of Commons, it would become necessary to havo recourse to the journals of the Imperial Parliament, which could alone demonstrate what those privi- leges were ; mid, as a consequence, the neces- sity arose of making copies of the journals of tho English Parliament (undor -the 2nd section of the 20th Victoria, No. 1) prima fueis ovidenco of the question in this colony. Tho general reference in the 1st section of tho 20th Victoria, No. 1, to tho privileges'of tho Houso of - Commons is certainly unsnt isfac tory, Had the desired privileges been seve- rally specifieel therein, such detail would havo rendered all recourse to the journals of tho House needless ; because, if tho -privileges claimed proved to bo in excess of those of tho Commons House of Parliament, it is to bo supposed the act would not havo received tho Royal assent ; and at all «vents the privileges enumerated would have been distinct, and tlio validity of each easily tested.' But still the question remains as to whether the 20th Victoria, No. .1, isBiiflicicnt lo carry out tho views of tho Legislature. And, giving no opinion as to tho mode of proof, should nu istuo bo raised as to whether tho privilege claimed bo in excess of thoso enjoyed by the Houso of Commons, I tin in- clined to tho opinion that tho power -givou by tlio 35th section bus been, I will not say satisfactorily, but effectually exercised. Such a course as that now con tondit J for "by the Legislature has been long adopted in Tcgnrd to tho courts of law, nor has any difficulty boen experienced therefrom. Dyi the 9th Gcorgo IV., c. ".section 3, it is provideel that tlio courts of Now South AVnlcB and the judges thereof shall hnvo und exoreiso ¡.noll and tho liku jurisdiction and authority in New South Wales as tho judges of tho courts at home law- fully havo and exorcise, and ns Bhnll bo neccs saiy for carrying into effect tlio several juris- dictions, powers, and authorities committed to tlio said courts respectively. What our powers are-\mlessothervvise specially provided for-aro what tho powers of the courts at home were nt the time of tlio passing of the Oth Gool go IV., and yet wo have never cxporionccd any difficulty when occasion de- manded to asceitain and détermine what thoso powers were. By tho 9th Gcorgo IV., the Imperial Parliament provided that colonial law should bo identical with that ol' tho inolhci country at that date; whereas tho 85th section ol tho Constitution Act em- powers tho colonial Legislature to defino its privileges : had the Constitution Act provided that tho privileges of the As- sembly should bo tho same as those of the House of Commons at a given date, the two statutes would havo been m this respect pre- cisely «millar. However, tho distinction I have pointed out doubtless exists, and to bomo extent neutralizes the analogy. In giving judgement on this demunor, it is not nea i sary to docido ns to the mode of proof in this colony in respect to tim privileges, powers, and immunities tho HOUBU of Com inoiiB enjoyed on the Kith July. 1855, or whether it ia incumbent on the judges of tho Supreme Court to possess a knowledge of thu la et constictudo Parliumenti. I,' therefore, pass to tho second question ; and although at tint I.wns inclined to tho opinipn,that the Impe- rial Parliament, In giving power to the House of Assembly in Victoria to specify its privi- leges and immunities, provided they \vero not in excess of thoso of the House of Commons, morely purposed to clotho the Assembly with privilege's incidental to a dcJibeintive body, to protect the members during tho progress of debate, and to permit thom to assemble togother nnd dcpnrt without fear of ar- rest or molestation, nnd that it was not tho intention of tho Imperial Parliament toconfer on tlio Houseof Assembly the powers that tho Houso of Commons enjoys as a com- ponent part of the highest court in tlio realm : nevertheless, on a closer investigation of the various authorities,taud considering the com- prehensive natura of tho 35th section, "not exceeding the powors, privileges, and immuni- ties of the Houfioof Commons"-no restriction as to the IIouso of Commons as a deliberative nssombly, but of the House of Commons generally-I am led to tho conclusion that my first impression was wrong, and that the powers and privileges of tho Commons HOUKO of Parliament, whethor obtained by the lex c1 con mtudo Parliament» or not, whether enjoyed as a deliberative osaombly or ns a component part of tho highest court in the realm, aro claimablo by the Legislativo Assembly in this colony. Tho powers, privileges, ima im- munities thus conferred on n young nnd, com- paratively speaking, incxperieuccel Legisla- tura may bo great.-no doubt thoy aro-but for a proper uso of thoso powers tho members aro amenable to their constituents, and public opinion will always exorcizo a salutary con- trol. On both points, therefore, I consielor the defendants aro ontitlcd to our judgement. Tho cases cited sro :-Hampton v. Patton, fi Dow, P. C, 109; Beaumont ti- Barrett, 1 Moore's Privy Council Cuses, Jamaica CIIBO ; Keeley v Connor, '1 Moore's Privy Council Cases, Nevv foundlaiul Caso;-amjiion ti. Fenton, 11 Moore's 1». C. C., 847 ; Burdett v. Abbot, 14 East., I ; ie the Sheriff of Middlesex, 11 Ad. and Eil., _(i. Mr. Justice MoMsswonTir.-The first sec- tion of the Constitution Act, in its terms gives the Legislature of Victoria the samo unlimited powers over its subjects us thoso possessed by tlio Imperial Législature over its subjects. This power of the Victorian Legislature is, I apprehend, subject to the control of tho Imperial, and I seo nothing absurd In this despotism within a despotism. Tho case with which we havo to deni turns mainly on tho 3fith section, authorizing thu Victorian Legislature to givo to tho Legislativo Council and Assembly respectively powers not oxceeding thoso of the Commons IIouso of Piuliamont. I think thnl tho 35th section, though in its terms enabling, is in effect re- strictive, of tho powers which would other« iso havo been conferred by the first, anel prevents tho Victorian Legislature giving privilege«, immunities, or powers, to ita legislative bodies, except in nccordanco with it. Tlio GOth sec- tion similarly effects n -restriction on the powors which tlio first would have given. The Victorian Legislature clearly intended, by the 20th Viet., No. 1, to give all the pri- vileges, immunities, and powers of the House of Commons to our legislativo bodies respec- tively, and, I think, had tho power of doing BO in flomo way. The objection first urged against tho manner of exercising tlio power ic, that it did not, in 20 Viet,, No. 1, defino tho powors intended to bo conferred. In other words, thnt tho act hero conferring the powers of tho Houso of Commons should bo also a declaratory act, declaring what our Legisla- tura conceived tho privileges, &c;, of tho House of Commons were. I do not think this to bo tho meaning of the word "defino" in tho 35th section. It authorised the giving paifc of an entire ; and tho definition, it contem- plated was, I think, a distinguishing clearly botweon the patts given and not given, which censeel to bo applicable where all was given-as if any body woro authorized to defino tho part of Vic- toria to which certain 'rules should extend, it' would properly exorcise its authority by Baying it should bo the part north of Mount Macedon, for instanco, without going on lo dellnu the outer limits of Victoria itself. The drawing - of nn act declaring nil privileges, immunities, ' and powers of thu IIouso of Commons, would present a great difficulty. Our Législature, iii attempting to describo what tho piivilegr-H, &c;, of tho House of Commons were, would bo doing something totally iiheless. Having a restricted power, its assertion of the extent of its power would bind no body. The privi- leges, &c;, of tho House of Commons, belugas I mxiBt confess they ure, debateable, ÍB II diffi- culty on tlio subject to bo encountered other- wise, not romovablo by tho Victorian Legisla- ture. Counsel for tho plaintiff has pressed us earnestly with arguments based on tho origin of the powens of the IIouso of Commons to commit for contempts. We 'have beca told that, according to able constitutional anti- quarians, the two Houses of Parliament for- merly were ono ; that the separated portions each retained the powers in this respect which had belonged to tho entire ; that the entira had this power of committal as a court of jifstico; that the House of Commons has thai power as and under the name of a court, not as a legislative body ; that the POVT.SK which might be conferred under the 35th section were those only which the Houso of Commons had as a legislative body. Ido not think this reasoning can overturn the phvn sense of the words of sec. 35, authorizing a fiving of the privileges, &c.; of tho Common t louso of Parliament, and referring to no dis- tinction as to themannerby which thoHouse of Commons acquired, or the capacity in whic'i it held; its privileges, immunities, and powers The third section of 20 Vic, No, 1. has af- forded an argument to the counsol for th.3 plaintiff against the efficacy of tho Act No. I, which I think unfounded, that it would con- fer on the legislative bodies hero aU powert ever claimed by the House of Commons, how over obsolete or unreasonable. Tho 3rd SOÏ tion morely makes copies of resolutions. &e;, of tho Houso of Commons prima facie ovidenc j that thoy are ti no copies, but it says nothinr as to tho effect of tho resolutions themselves. It implies that tho resolutions are to bo re- garded as materials for the exigencies it con- templates, with what degree of cogency it traves unsaid. Tho assertion of rights by th.3 Houso of Commons, and its successful asser- tion of them unrc8istcd, must form the argu- ments for those in favour of its powers in any particular instance ; the resistance or protests of other bodies or authorities, or the longth of time which has elapsed without any ossortion of similar rights, should be the arguments tor their opponents. But this brings mo to tho difficulties which Ifolt in forming my opinion on the argument of tho habeas corpus obtain. :d by tho present plaintiff. The third secti>n recognizes the convenience of produciig the journals of the House of Comma is as evidence for somo debateable question. It moy mean to enable our Houses them- selves to decide their own powers, or to influence their discretion in tho exercise of them. It may be to enable some other tribunal to decide upon the powers of the Houso which are disputed by somo antagonist. Again, I have considerable doubt whether Victorian judges should be deemed to havo judicial cog- nizance of the privileges, immunities, au t powers which wera of the House of Commons at the passing of the Constitution Act. But tb.3 § leadings in this caso relieve me from any suoh ¡faculty. Tho pleas allege the fact of tho commission of the attributed offences; the de- murrer admits such commission. The pleas allege that, at tho passing of tho Constitution Act, tho House of Commons had tho sam i power as the Houso of Assembly here has e _ crciscd-to commit for such offences as con- tempts ; the demurrer admits that allegation if to bo deemed a matter of fact, triable par gay*. If it is to be treated as matter of lav, it seems not to be disputed by the plaintiff*;) counsol, or disputable, that the House of Com- mons did then possess and exercise such power. It has been argued that the Constituí. tion Act intended Buch privileges, immunities, andpowors, only tobogiven asweieneccssary ta legislativo bodies, such as freedom from arrestî and molestations, liberty of speech, expellin ; members, and regulating its own pro- ceedings. Except the last of those enume- rated, and the powers necessary for investi- gating disputed elections, I do not know that any privileges, immunities, or powers a-e necessary to the Houso of Commons in its legislativo capacity. Its mero legislativa powers might be carried on, I boliovo, without material inconvenience, if nil Buch ad- juncts were swept away. The privileges, &c; . of tho Houso of Commons have been rutaine I in the mother country from an opinion of thoir utility, not their necessity, and froT» similar motives weio conferred on our legisla- tivo bodies. The Constitution Act, and Act "Vic 20, No. 1, have no reference, express or implied, to any distinction between the neces- sary and the useful. Judgement to bo entered for the defen- dants. EXPLORATION-MR. STUABT'S KETUßN. I Mr. Stuait, the South Australian explorer, leturncd to the capital of that colony a few day. since, after being absent on an oxplorinj expedition for upwards of twelve months. He has successfully accomplished tho object cf his journey, and brought the whole of hi* party back in good health. He himself, how- ever, ia very wcak^sufforing from scurvy ; but ' reposo and medical care, it is hoped, will soon restore his strength. On two pre- ' viona occasions had tho gallant leador of the party beon forced back by obstacles which h_ could not overcome. On the lato expedition tho party, after leaviug the depot at Newcastle ! "Water-tho farthest point attained in 1861 once moio encountered tho dense scrub which turned back the oxplorers on that occasion. This scrubby country, however, does not isecra to have been found so formidable as it proved in the previous year. Ho mot with abundance of water, ond after six wcck_" labour succeeded in escaping from the scrub on its northern side. Its breadth, apparently, was not moro than eighty or a hundred miles, | for the party emerged from it in lat.lOdeg. .JOmLn., and immediately found tbcmBolves ia a countrydcscribedasadmirublyadaptcdforpas- i toral and agricultural settlement An open i lonhark forest presented itself, and the whole appearance of the land indicated that it was of an auriferous character. In lot. lOdeg*. | íOmin., almost on tho very edgo of the scrno, t Stuart carno upon the head-waters of a larga river, and following it, and others which ha subsequently carno upon, seawards, ho at last reached tho shores of Van Diemen's Gulf, on the extreme northorn coast, and not far from. the abandoned settlement of Port Essington. There, on a promontory, from which ths Arafura Sea was seen, Stuart planted a flag, as he had before done on Central MountStuart, and, his mission so far gloriously achieved, commenced Iris journey homewards, His return occupied about four months and a-half, and thuB tho continent has been i -crossed and rccrossed within a year. It i is not clear whethor the rivers described by Stuart as large and navigable are thoso al- i ready laid down in tho maps, or whether , ..onie of thom at least aro not now discoveries. I Wo havo it now, however, on the authority of , thiea explorers, that the country north of th.2 »fcrub of tho 16th and 17th parallels of lati- tude is a good land, dcsirablo for settlement, i Though some of the vegetation was of a tro- pical character. Stuart reports that less boat was experienced as tho South Australian bor dur was loft behind, and the " hot winds" of that colony altogether ceased. The border land of tho neighbouring colony, indeed, h3 describes as tho least favourable to settlement .of any he passed through. The successive discovories reported within the year now near its end leavo little moro for the explorer to do in Australia. Stuart's track intersects the country from «touth to north in its centre. The whole oc tho country to tho cast of it is now know _, crossed as it is in every direction by tho lina i followed by Burke and Wills, Walker, Lands- borough, M'Kinlay, and tho earlier explorará. .On the west, Gregory has foUowcd the Vic- toria vto its source, and later explorers, from Western Australia, havo all but united ths eettlemont with the head-waters of that river, while Eyre has connected Adclaido and Albany by tho coast lino. There is nothing left, theroforo, to excite the curiosity of .the geographer, excepting the wido oxpansa "between tho eastern boundary of Western | Australia and Stuart's track. Enterpris- ing parties of sottlors from tho Swan River Settlement aro gradually diminishing the area of this unknown land. So far as they havo yet penetrated it, they have found it grossed and wooded, and not unfurnished with water. It is not improbable, indeed, that the utterly inhospitable country reported by Eyre as lying along tho shore of tho great Bight, will yet bo found limited to a narrow belt-just as tho great central dosurt has resolved itself into some barren and stony land near Cooper's Creek, embraced almost «intirtly within tho already settled districts. Australia, as wo now know it, is vastly diffoc «;iit from tho Australia of the geographers ton yearn ago. All that wo havo since discovered "has enhanced the value of thiB great conti- , ncnt as a nursing mother of colonies-of na- tions in timo to como. And for this wo owe Jhonour to tho memory of thoso who have pcribhed in their work, and gratitude to tho__ ?who havo survived their labours. THE PUNEItAIi OF BDKKE AND WILLS. About a year ago tho Australian press con. -voyed to England the melancholy intelligoncj of tho death of Robert O'Hara Burke an i William John Wills, tho leaders of tho »I vanco party of tho Victorian Exploration Ex- pedition despatched in 18G0. It will be ra- ' roembcrcd that thoy died about the end of June, 1801, in the neighbourhood of Cooper", ' Creek, from fatrguo and want of nutritious food. Within the last fortnight Mr, Howitt, I the gentleman charged-.witli j the duty, of finding their romains aiid bringing,them ,t» Melbourne, has all but accomplished his task. 'He arrived at Adolaide several days ago, and is expected to reach Melbourne on' Saturday next. At the various centres of nopulatioa which he passed on his j ou'rney, marked respect for the memory of the illustrious deceased, was shown. In some instances the inhabi- tants went forth to meet the escort, and closed their places of business for the day. On tho arrival of the remains in "Melbourne they will be placed in tho hall of the Royal Society, under the auspices of which body the explo- ration expedition was organized. The hall ia being prepared by an undertaker for their du« reception, and the remains will lie there ii state from the 8rd to the 10th of January, during which the public will bo admitted. The hall will then be closed until tho funeral, which has been fixed to tako place on "Wednesday, the 21st of January. It was originally intended to take placo earlier, but m deference to tho wish of tho members of the Legislature, who do not re-assemble after tho Christmas recess until tho 20th, the day was changed to the date mentioned. Tho funeral ceremony wiü bo a very imposing one, and will bo attended by His Excellency tho Governor, tho members of tho Government, and of both branches of the "Legislature, the Mayor and Corporation of Molbourno, tho Judges of the Supreme Courk and other judicial functionaries, and by; re- presentatives from the various municipal councils in the colony, as well as by members of the various public institutions in Mel- bourne, and hy private citizens. The last resting-place of the remains of the unfor- tunate explorers wiU be the Melbourne Cemetery._ THE GOLD-FIELDS! It has been evident for some time past that the export of gold this year could not equal that of last, though the deficiency is no greater than in proportion to the number of miners away in Now Zealand nnd New South Wales. Thus there has been no falling-off in the average per man, even with a scarcity of wator experienced so much earlier than usual, added to the fact that a part of tho gold of this year wiU go towards swelling the export re- turns for next, for the reduction of the duty nt the end of tho current month has caused much of the gold raised to bo retained in the hands of tho miners, or to be withheld front shipment on account of the banks and mer- chants. This scarcity of water is a serious matter thus early iu the summer, not only in putting a stop to tho full and profitable work of so many miners for several months, but also in unsettling the minds of tho compara- tively steady men among thom who aro con- tented as long as they have employment, but rapidly become veiy restless when it ceases. I Thus, through the want of water, many moro will bo driven away to Now ''calana than wouldotherwibc bo inclined to go, and the soar city during the present summer promises to b¡> greater than the miners havo yet suffered from ; nt least it is likely to lost longer. Cer- tainly there are, in addition to the ordinary sources of supply, some of the Government íescrvoirs containing large bodies of water, but these aro of use1 to very few, forming, as thoy do, only the first results of a crude idea, hastily acted upon, but not yet worked out to n ptactical shape, nor likely to bo under the present mode of managing the gold-fields. To render an artificial supply of this kind avail- able where it is most wanted, there must ba pipes, sluiceB, and other means for distribu- tion, as weU as tho dams and lesewoirs. Tho small reservoirs belonging to tho companies and inill- owncrs arc failing early this year, but the underground supplies are coining into use, as pumping engines are moro gcnorally erected, and the advantages to b3 derived from such nn outlay arc becomiug more manifest every day, both in following Kefs below the water level, and in recovering lends formerly lost in ground too wet to b3 vunked under the old system. The only now diggings of any consequence hove been found among the mountains, and on some of tho weeks forming tltc heads of the Yarra, but of the actual doings of the people in that almost iimccBsiblu part of tho country no very cltnr accounts havo reached us for somo time. A piospccting party in the Cape Otway ranges reports the discovory of black sand of a piomiBing character, with specks of gold in it, but tho giound where they found this was so wet that they could not reach the bottom, and so were only able to say that in their opinion profitabla diiudngs would ho found in that part of tho country if the number of men was sufficient to givo it a fair trial. The mining commis- sioners are still continuing their inquiries, nnd have not therefore brought up their re Îioit yet; but one of thom stated in tho assembly a fow days since, in answer to a question on tho subject, that they would recommend tho introduction of a bill for tho better regulation and management of the gold-fields, a bill for the better administration of justice on the gold-iiolds, a bill for the dtthsiflcotion and codification of mining bye laws, a biLl for mining upon private property, a bill for the consolidation of the mining partnerships lawB, and a bill to regulate water rights-a series of bills much loquired, no doubt, but which will give rise to no little amount of discussion, and a very small pro poi lion of which is likely to bo passed dtiritiï the present session. lteturns from tho quartz-mills have not been particularly good during the last four weeks, and some of them have been stopped, or aio working short time already, owing to- ute scarcity of water. None of tho yields ob- tained is very hugo, but not a fow were, at least, respectable. One of tho best of the Kumll lots was from a reef at M'Ivor, seven tons producing 140 ounces, and sixteen tons from a reef at Steiglitz produced 138 ouuees. A lot of thirty tons from one of the Inglewood reefs also yielded 105 ounces, and a dishful of stuff from a lieh vein just struck in a claim on another reef nt that place as much as seventy-six ounces. The reefs in the Ovens district have improved considerably of late, and yields of two and three ounce» to tho ton are becoming quite common in that district, where two moro dia- monds have been found, one of which is said to be of some value. Tho best yields ia the Bendigo district were 181 ounces from thirty-five tons out of one reef, and 81oz. 8dwt. from, fourteen tons out of another ; and tho total quantity of amalgamated gold from this district is woll maintained. Averages of tinco aud four ounces to the ton have bien obtained from lots of stone out of different reefs in the Castlemaine district, but the largo cnishings of late have not beon remarkable. A nugget which weighed HGoz. 4dwt. when need from earth anti stone was found nt Tar- nagulla, and .another in an old gully at Bendigo, which woighed 2_8oz. in the rough, and from which luloz. 13dwt. of pure gold wits obtained after it liad been broken up and binelted. Another of 83oz. lldwt. was found last week in tho samo district, and a fow days before that again a pocket con- taining (several pieces, weighing from two to fourtoen ounces each. The Dunolly distriot has produced its usual number of medium sized nuggets, tho two largest for this month weighing thirty-fivo ounces and thirty-two ounces ; but Ballarat still keeps the lead in this respect, ono piece of nearly pure gold found last week on tho old Euroka weighing 229oz., and threo found in the Great Extended Company's claim a fow weeks before weighing 280osi, ; of the last, ono weighed 120o7" AGBICULTUTÍE. l'or harvesting purposes the weather has been vory good lately, but far too Uno on tho whole for the gonoral wants of the country. A fow passing showers there have been, and theso were heavy in places, but the ground is very dry, and, except in favoured spots, and the strongest of soil, the yield of grain aad Lay is light. Actual failures of the cereal ciops havo only been experienced on worn out land, and such light soils as should not bo calculated on for remunerative crops but iu exceptionally wet years. The reaping of wheat is now pretty well advanced in most parts of this colony, and in tho early districts the new grain is already in the market. Tho quality is good, but tlie yield must b2 sonic bushels below the usual avciagc. Some few farmers say that thoy aro getting front twenty to thirty bushels to tho nero ; but w_ imagino that a greater number will not got teu. and, the average of the colony at largo will probably not bo above fifteen, if it reache_ that. Then tho total yield lins been much reduced by cutting seveial fields of wheat for bay, as fodder is likely to bo both bcarcc and dear throughout the season, so that wo shall be as far as ever this year from supplying our own requirements in broad-tuffs. Howover, the South Australians have a good crop, and our deficiency must, as before, be obtained principally from thom. In anticipation of a greater demand for malting, barley was mora generally sown. -This is always mi uncer- tain, crop, owing to the attacks of tho catee pillar, but the loss from this cause has baan no greater than usual, although the oats hav¿ been attacked iu some places to a muc'i gvqater extent, than ever before. Horse-cora of all kinds has been high in price for sorai time post, aud is likely to continue so, unies ¡ there should ho large importations, for Vu quantity grown in theso colonies cannot b; very great. Potatoes also havo risen much la price, tw tho yield of the early crops is light,' and that of tho late crops must he still more so. Tobacco is, unfortunately, alta 3it a failure, entirely so with many intend- ing growers.and the manufacturers, who wara preparing for work on an extensivo scab this season, will have but a poor supply of colonial leaf. The cold and wet in the airly part of the spring prevented tho growth of the young plant in "the seed beds until tb.3 ground was too dry to allow of transplanta- tion with any degree of success, and, instaal of an increase to some hundreds of acres, thara will probably be no more than there was last year. As yet the vines, promise woU for a crop, but of course a continuance of tin drought must make the yield small, though the quality of the wine will bo good in pro- portion. Other fruits aro ripening some weaks earlier than usual, and are mostly smalle." than they ought to be, though the quantity of most kinds appears to bo large. Feed for stock promises to be very short before tha summer is ovor, and already tho salesmen ar.1 complaining that the sheep and cattle from a distance aro arriving at market in very bil condition, owing to the scarcity of food au i water along the roads. It is much too early for these to fail, and the townspeople ara likely to feel tho effects of the drought very bhorfcly, not only in the higher price of tha articles composing the vegetable portion of. their diet, but ulso in the difficulty of obtain- ing fat meat. The annual trial of reaping-machines ca- tered for the Port PhiUip Farmers' Society's prizes was held near town a fow days sinos, and the first prize was taken by one of oar Melbourne makers, with a machine novel ia some respects and having a jointed cutting bar like some of the Americnn machines, a» that it can bo conveniently removed from. place to place. Tho maker is Mr. Nicholson, who returned to the old country about throe years since, and during two seasons trio! some of his machines against those of makow in the north of England, without, we believe, any very decided results. It was expected by many that tho first prize would have boen taken by Robinson and Co. with one of their side-dehvery machines, similar to that sent to the Great Exhibition, and siuco brought out and publicly tried in England by Ransom) and Sims ; but the wind was so vory high on the day of trial that tho side-delivery machines could only work ono way, aal so lost too much time to have any chance against those with a back de- livery, especially when theso last wet3 very good of thoir kind. Robinson and C>. took the prizo, however, among the one-hors9 machines, and besides the two selected for ths prizes, several others in both classes wero com- mended and highly commended by the judgo3, In fact, so much attention havo the makers hero bestowed on this branch of their busi- ness, that we may very fairly take pride ini our Victorian reaping-machines, both for their workmanship and efficiency m tho field. An accident of a very serious nature happouod a few days since near Colac, and the first of the kind of any consequence which hal occurred hore since the introduction of steam engines adapted io the use of the farmer. Tlu boiler of an engine attached to a thrashing-1 machine burst, killing ono man instantly, and injuring nine others so severely thatthroi more, including Captain Hancock, tho owner of the farm, died within a vory short tim J, and some of the remainder aro not expects I to recover. Tho cause of the accident ti shrouded in mystery, as the engineer, who WAI badly hurt himself, states that there wu plenty of water in the boiler, with a moderatj pressure on at tho time, and that the engins was in perfect order in every part. Howovor that may bo, the mischief was ovidontly cause! by the sudden generation of a great volume of steam, from some cause not now to bo ascer- tained, and apparently through no negloot. Pleuro-pneumonia has been of late spreadtnr so rapidly through thecountry, both in largo au I small herds, that a commission of gentlonnu acquainted with such subjects is to be at onoo appointed to inquire into the nature of tha ehbcase generally, and mole particularly to ascertain if inoculation can bo relied on ai a preventive. Many thousand head hava already been operated on in différent parts oí the country, and some of our veterinary sur- geons are thoroughly convincod that heroin lies our only remedy and safeguard for thi future, while others will not ho convince! without further trials conducted under their own immediate observation, and theso ara to be made by tho now commission. So priva- ient is this disease now, that animals under tho influence of it are daily slaughtered for tho Melbourne market ; and this fact havinj been unpleasantly brought under the notloa of the citizens, steps are at length to ba taken for putting n stop to the sale of the moat of such, which must be in a greater or less do gree unwholesome. IMMIGRATION AND EMIORATION. The returns of tho Immigration Board for the month of November are published for the entire colony. The arrivals numbai" 3,125, and the departures 1,730, the balança being in favour of immigration by 1,389. Of Iho arrivals 2,839 woro adult males, 508 adult females, 157 male and 121 female children. Of the departures, 1,100 wore adult male3, 877 adult females, 141 male and 118 fernab children. Tho ports of arrival and departure maybe thus classified-Melbourne: arrive!, 3,090; departed, 1,647. Geelong: arrived, 3; departed, 89. All other ports, arrived 26. In the following digest of the returns, the move- ments of the population aro marked mora particularly : - - li .8 P Q i « tiow South Wales South Australia New Zealand Total neighbouring colo Unlted Kingdom Foreign ports Deduct decrease .. 4SI 280 271 979 501 110 03 5C7 101 203 412 139 1001 1089 78 1315 252 100 770 834 ~ 13» 91 312G 17S0 1730 1010 221 221' 1389 1389 In the following table tho arrivals and de- partures aro given monthly for tho current year compared with the corresponding periods of 1801 :- . 1801. 1862. - Arrived. De- parted. Arrived. Do parted. January .. .. 2,710 1,810 4,020 5,410 ' February 1,288 1,700 2,834 3,203 March 2,285 2,450 4,087 3,113 April May 1,350 1,002 3,180 2,859 , 1,014 2,000 2,050 2,040 Juno 1,025 1,107 2,010 1,021 July 1,900 1,718 8,01» 2,238 August .. 2,305 2,382 3,302 2,002 Septombor 1,100 9,303 2,100 7,817 October 8,425 3,102 2,040 2,035 November 2,173 , 8,298 3,125 1,73S Totals 22,405 31,000 34,078 35,129 Deduct arrivals .. 22,405 34,973 Not decrease .. 8,605 151 AMUSEMENTS. After a very successful campaign, com, niencing on tho 18th October, tho opora season, was brought to a oloso on Saturday last, with the benefit of tho impressario, Mr. Lystor. Tho " Huguenots " continued to draw full houses up to the last, and its performance was only intermitted when other engagements rendered it impossible for the wholo cast to bo together. The manner in which Meyerbeer's chef ¡Tomrs was placed upon tho stage, and the wonderful accuracy with which it was pcrformod, roflecfc the greatest credit upon tho various artiste». It is also gratifying to notico that the musioai tastoof Melbourne is of a sufficiently culti- vated nature to insure the appreciation of tho most scientific music Tho usual benefits took place at the end of tho season, and tho selectioa of operas for theso occasions was varied ac- cording to the taste of the singer for who_ benefit the performance was to bo. But tho smoothness with which "Tho Huguenots" went made tho inaccuracies of tho othor opérai which had not had the advantage» of a ran unpleasantly distinct. However, Mr. Lyster, in a speech on tho occasion of his benefit, promised to produce some othor novelty of tho first order for noxt season. The Theatre Royal has been closed for a few nights, to proparo for tho Christmas pantomime, which is to bo preceded by "Tho Rose of Casttlo." During the short recess-much too short for the singers, who havo sung every night ßiue> th e 13th October-the troupe have been gi VÍD g inaugural concerts at a new music hall, in . Bourkc-street, next door to the Theatre Royal, j The Toom is handsomely proportioned, but .it v\ns impossible to form a fair estimât2 of I '. its acoustic properties, as tho attendance was very small, and consequently there was but little to check the piominencc of the echo. . The Philharmonic Society of Melboums , performed Molique's oratorio of " Abraham " j' early in tlie month at tho Exhibition Build , ( ing. Tho room was well filled, and tho pjr ,,j'foi manee, under the direction of the society's able conductor, Mr. O. E. Horsley, was oharas terized by the usual amount of caro and pro '? ,cision for which tho society is justly famous. Composed as it is almost entirely of amateurs, its oxistenco alone is a proof that amongst our money making population, the cultiva 1 tion of the fine arts is by no means neglected. To-night tlie tenth anniversary of the per- formance of the " Messiah," by the society, , takes place, and will no doubt be largely at I tended. I An amateur concert was given at the Town Hall, Prahran, a few nights agorin aid of tlie ? funds of the Melbourne Hospital, perhaps th.3 I noblest of our many noble public institutions. j Tho Governor and suite attended, and tha building was more than filled, and many had ' to stand throughout the performance. Th_ performances ot most of the amateurs was of a very high order. Two ladies played the . "pinnoforte iu a style which would command attention at the Monday Popular Concerts, and a gentleman, a pupil of Mr. B. Wells, ? performed a solo on the now cylinder flute, ' ' with an amount of execution and tasto but ' 1 uroly mot with in any but a professional. ' Six ladies volunteered to play the harp, and ' the line of haips in front of the orchestra was it sight as pleasing as unusual. The instru- ments played the " Wedding March " and the overture to the " Crown Diamonds." with great steadiness, mid 'elicited loud applause. Nor wci e the vocalists less efficient, and especially in Martini's laughing trio, performed tho part entrusted to them with great spirit, Tlie concert was a great success, and the committee were enabled to hand over a substantial sum. to the Hospital treasury. In our last summary, we mentioned that Mr. Dillon, an actor of reputation at home, had mado his appearance amongst us with wine success. His first engagement at the Haymoiket terminated lost evening, when a full house witnessed the ?performances, which were for Mr. Dillon's benefit. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Barkly were also present. Throughout his engage- ment, and especially during the last week of it. Mr. Dillon has appealed fin a varied lound of characters, and his appearances have invariably been highly acceptable to his audi- ences. Like many other actors of celebrity, Mr. Dillon has a particular line of character in which ho is far happier and more effective than when playing out of that line. In Shnkgperian tragedy, of which he gave us at f-pecimens " Macbeth" and " Othello." Mr. Dillon must yield the palm to several other actors of the present day; for although in both of these plays considerable power nnd not alittiooriginalityweredisplnycd,his render- ing of them was much too unequal and uncer- tain to bo accepted as a success. Here and there the spectator would be startled by un- expected brilliancy and effect ; but thnso momentary triumphsweicasccrtninlyfollowed by unlookcd for shortcomings. 0 rent, perhaps, in ono scene, Mr. Dillon was far from being so in another, and hence there was nn absenc of thnt smoothness and sustained power looked for in nny aetor who is to interpret and represent correctly and successfully thî gi cat tragte creations of Shakspeare. But if Mr. Dillon fails, judging fiom what wj have yet seen of him, in this branch of a lending actor's business, his success is un- deniable in another line, of which Belpht'gor may be mentioned as an example. In < lmrocters like this, or like Don Cresar de Bnzan, in which he has also appeared, Mr. Dillon finds full scope for the display ol' his varied powers, and m them his succcst is as nearly as possible complete. 111 short, iu the higher walks of melodrama Mr. Dillon has perhaps no superior, nnd few, if nny equals. His engagement, it is satisfitc i< îy to say, must have been profitable both t > lumself and the management of the Hay- market, since good houses every night havj ) ten the order throughout-and that, too, in the.- face of strong attractions presented at tin Jîoyal, where tho opera company have had a nu cessfur season. With the termination of Mr. Dillon's engagement, for the present tit J theatre remains closed until the pantomime, which is now all but ready, is produced, anti alterations nre being madoin tho interiorof H13 theatre, whioh will havo tho effect of greatly improving the dress and upper circles. We aw piomised an admirable pantomime at this theatre; nnd, if that promise is kept, tho management may look forward to another piofitable season. Boxing-night will bo tho iiist of the pantomime, and great efforts are being made to render, at least the scenic and oilier stago effects, as complete as thoy can 1 ossibly be made. COMMERCIAL. The year 1862 may be pronounced at an md, so far as business is concerned. Thu country dealors have supplied themselves with a month's consumption, in anticipation of tit j Christmas holidays. Sccondhouscs, in whooj hands the bulk of the country trade is centred, have no occasion no1 desire to enter the import market until the new year ha{ fairly openetl. Speculation has ceased alto- ! gcther, under the influence of increased ship- ments from all the gteat depots of produoj and merchandise, and Importers have made 1 arrangements for the storage of such cargo« I ns may arrive during tho next fortnight. | At the commencement of tho year, the mer- cantile community had scarcely recovered from tho effects of the threatened introduction of protective duties into the simple tariff of Victoria, and the consequent political agi- tation and the defeat ota Ministry which proposed so radical a chango in our fiscal system. A new Government hod been formed, the protection movement had given way bs fore the opinion of a majority of the colonists, and an implied promise by tlie new Cabinet on the hustings, that no important changes would be attempted in tho tariff', govo as- surance to all classes of traders. lu ths month of January, however, new taxes were proposed and carried, in tho shape of imposts on rice, dried fruits and preserves, sheep- wash tobacco, malt, and hops. An additional duty of Is. per gallon was imposed on wine, of _8. on cigars, and that on unmanufactured tobacco was 1 educed from 2s. to Is. per lb. I In addition to these, a registration fee of 2d. ! per unit of entry was levied on all imported goods. This latter impost was protested «gainst at the time, but has been collected, «ith several alterations in the method of obsessing, wliich have to some extent met the public convenience. At ths same time, the export duty on gold was re- duced Is. per ounce prospeetively ; Gd. to take effect on the 1st July, and Gd. on the 1st January, now approaching. The reduction may bo said to be already in operation. The miners have held the product of their labour until the banks, which aro tho only dealers in tlie metal, havo anticipated Hie change hy advancing their buying prices Od. per ounce. This chango has never been popular witli tho colonists, although it has boen mode use of on the hustings in nil appeals to mining con- stituencies. The 2s. lid. per ounce hitherto imposed has always been regarded ns a royalty or rent paid for special advantages enjoyed by the miner, and in operation the charge has leen most successful. One of the sources from wliich the Govern- ment proposed at the commencement of the year to meet the growing expenditure aris'ug.. lioin the Railway loan, was by tho imposition of a tax of ono and a quarter per cent, on the itsue of notes by the banks. This movement met with so gcneiul an opposition that it w.is I ejected by the Legislative Council, aftor having passed through the Assombly. This mult was brought about on the petition, ti mpcrntcly but forcibly woidcd, of the banks, nided by tho Melbourne Chamber of Cota II cree, wliich latter body very clearly stated the many objections to the measure. During the first quarter of the year, ti« civil war in America exercised no mean influ- ence on the commerce of the Australian colonies. Tobacco and other articles of pro- duce of tho Southern States felt this moro oiticularly, but the prospect of the fit- | ting out of privateers, and the high j lates of assuianee demanded to cover the war risk, was of moro general effect. This was rendered more direct by tho fast, that during tho month of February no Euro- \ l>eau mail reached this part of tho world, wliich was left in ignorance of the history of the Northern hemisphere, at a time when tho peace of the world was threatened by the adair of the Trent The second quarter of tho year was a season of speculation, but the movement was characterized by more mode- ration and forethought than have hitherto attended on Australian transactions for a pro- spective rise. Credit was kept within reason- able limits, and the market was prcserred from the violont fluctuations of former yeirs. Tobacco anti rice were brought under the 00a-1 trol of few hands, and consumers had to pay whatever holders asked. ' The only check to this rise was tho growing fear of those im- mediately interested, that other parcels might come in before the import market waa cleared. Second houses, however,-left this speculation in first hands, contenting themselves -with buying as consumption proceeded. The in- cessant rain of the third quarter of the year, and the regularity of the postal service main- tained by the Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany, administered checks to tho rising speculation, and the remainder of the year has passed away without the occurrence o! any other event of importance than those which will ho found treated of in detail be- low. In monetary movements there has beeta one important change to meet the spirit of the times. Capitalists havo reduced thoir demand for intorest on mortgages fully one per cent., tho ruling rate now being for advances on first-class properties, with margin, seven pet cent, per annum. The banks have also made some concession. Thoy now chargo 7 percent, for two months' bills, 8 por cent, for throe months', and 9 per cent, for four months'. Interest is allowed by the banks on tims deposits at tho following rates :-For deposits at thirty days' notice from li to 2 per cent, per annum ; at three months notice, from 2 to 2} per cent.; at six months' notice, from 4 to 5 per cent. Quotations for exchange ara unaltered. Sixty elays' drafts on England are at par, and thirty days' at a half per cent.; sight, at one per cent. The Ori- ental Bank Corporation charges for thirty days' exchange on Bombay, Calcutta, and Madras, 2s. id. per rupee ; Hong Kong and Singapore, 4s. lOd. per dollar ; Mauritius, _. 2d. per dollar ; Ceylon, three and a halt per cent, premium. The returns of tho produce of the gold-fields this year show a falling off as compared with thoproviouB year more apparent1 than roal. There has been a falling oft to some extent, but this can bo readily explained away by tho continued movement of tho mining popula- tion to and from New Zealand. It may b3 fairly estimated that an average of 6,0_ miners havo been withelrawn altogether, or kept in a state of unproductiveness, sinos January last, and the effect of the withdrawal of so largo a number has not been inconsi- derable on the total sum of production. With reference to theso returns, it must also b3 remarked that many large paicels now find their wav to the ports of shipment by privats hands, the railways and the safe condition of tho highways offering every induccmont, when promptitude in delivery is of moment. The approaching reduction in tho export duty of Gd. per ounce, on the 1st proximo, has pre- vented any largo parcels being cleared this month. The shipments lost week amounted to 7,26Coz. only, bringing tha total for the year up to l,955,690oz., including 293,348oz. received from New Zealand, and transhipped in the bay. The shipments of Victorian gold for tho year amount to 1,662,3510z. The gross shipments for ths corresponding period of last year amounted to 2,005,92loz. In the following table, the quantities of gold brought iuto Melbourne weekly by ths escorts from all the gold-fields are given sepa- rately for three montlis, ending the 19fch inst. : 1862. I | S â "3 E î-i ' ¿J 1 1 i s i J 3 E s S â e 1 1 __. O i "g % S 3 O '?fi c s 1 J in é S 1 S 8 ?g I 3 f J5 J n S < f i 4 ¿J - o 5 1 m Í li s 1 | - 3 1-3 i a 3 O 3 Sept. 28 Oct. 3 Oct. 10 Oct. 17 Oct. 24 Oct. 31 Nov. 7 Nov. 14 Nov. 21 Nov. 28 Dec. 5 Dec 12 Dec. 19 789 1588 743 ion 203 811 418 094 765 505 387 510 331 2207 2515 2050 2520 2355 2794 2610 4081 4009 2233 6597 4758 3691 6063 3176 1094 1700 2199 4984 1634 1534 2769 2330 1539 4483 4247 5454 4633 5439 2665 3299 3787 3481 4561 2532 4224 2384 862 1215 1054 1368 60S 755 1179 OSS 636 701 774 151 302 1108 1120 1061 1412 831 1660 789 1107 396 SOO 201 170 2054 2430 2172 1030 1036 852 1127 4662 4310 4422 8223 3243 4748 3255 4401 5870 2809 5222 3580 2901 1756 1352 13SS 1428 1408 1375 1477 1741 1544 2051 1920 1907 1836 1343 2071 1187 1771 2385 993 1427 1422 2559 2480 3292 2495 2323 3122 1170 1443 1675 1383 1532 1618 1415 564 1854 085 2018 308 326S 1428 1419 958 115S D40 8S0 858 939 1090 597 664 500 624 724 491 422 449 223 475 223 220 396 1223 1563 746 929 644 862 753 1185 753 753 753 753 456 766 685 970 572 866 9S0 1563 1620 1201 1047 326 4178 2099 3573 4072 3570 4824 2988 «37 1011 1491 1394 1898 39,630 24,146 37,238 31,224 33,138 22,421 40,525 23,929 27,033 20,260 27,642 17,816 27,856 872,853 Tho following is a list of the gold shlpä which have sailed from Molbourno and Goa- long since 1st September, with the quantities stated separately : Dato of Ship. Destination. Ounces. Sailing. Sopt. 17 Great Britain .. Liv orpool 109,721 ,, 20 Northam .. .. Point do Gallo .. 41,841 " 30 Monarch .. .. .ondon 50,597 Oct. 24 Soliah Jolian .. Hong Kong .. 0,021 » 20 Bombay .. Point de Galle .. 46,35} " 27 Yorkshire .. .. London .. 75,903 Nov. a WavoofLlfo London 13,081 i " 0 Congo " 8 Giants' Causoway Hong Kong .. London .. 3,25$ 20,133 .. 11 E. A. Bright London .. 10,017 1 " IE Urnm Sydney .. 0,155 ! ., li Omar Pasha London .. 22,449 1 " 15 Truo Briton London .. 12,373 .. 17 Wonga Wonga .. Donald M'Kay .. Sydney 3,035 " 21 London .. 10,225 " 2( Madras Point de Galle .. 05,0)} , " 21 Prince of Wales .. London 17.13Ï I Sec. 1 Lkrhtnlng .. London 18,053 " 2 Mary Ann Wilson. " OUoanorgcs.. Loudon .. 4.07* Hong Kong London .. n,«ri " 10 Wm. Duthlo 2,8 ii " 15|Koorla Moorta .. London .. 7,241 " 17 INorfulk London .. «J The money market lins beon easy through- out the year, except at the commencement, for investment in uny property. Comparing the aggregate averages of the banking returns of the third quarter of tho year with thoso of the same period of its predecessor, we find ths following results : , Third Thlr* - Quarter, Quarter, 1801. 1802. £. £ Notes In circulation 1,061,423 1,460,823 117,4»; lulls in circulation 09,058 .Balances duo to othor banks .. 134,304 188,0)1 Deposits not bearing Interest .. 4,311,380 3,921,452 Deposits bearing Interest Total amount of liabilities 2,807,450 4,082,083 8,087,528 9,780,123 2,012,478 1,898,037 483,330 408,461 600,847 621,033 Notes and bills of other banks.. 130,638 146,470 Valances duo from other banks 130,00£ 805,051 Government securities .. 02,062 81,013 I) ibis duo to tlio banks, includ- ing notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and fund« ilobts, except notes, bills, am balances duo from other bauks 0,451,01' 9,070,87* Total amount of assets .. 12,774,57! 13,003,2(2 Amount of capital stock paid up 0,220,47f 0,518,933 Amount of last dividends do 304,30! 332,9 U Amount of resorved profits 1,296,035 1,404,531 Tn tho stock and share markot, money has been plentiful for investment in all our cBta 1M ¡shed .joint-stock enterprises. Government Debentures have changed hands at 107£ and 108\. At present, something under theso ratos arc spoken of, tho imnrcssion having gone abroad that the remainder of the local loan is about to bo issued. Bank shares havo baou linn. Tho insurance shares have suffered but little from the extensivo fires which have taken placo up the country. The trans- actions of last week were as follow :-On, Monday-tho National Bank of Australasia aliares, at £i 7s. Gd. ; Molbourno Gas and Coko Company's shoreii, SA 7s. ; Johnson's Kcef (mining), 6s. Cd. ; and Victoria Kaolin Company's sbares, 70s.' On Tueseiay-Colo- nial Bank of Australasia shares, m t_. ; National .Bank - of- Australasia! £4 63. i Australasian Eire and Lifo Insurance Co.'s shares, 49s. Gd.': Melbourne Gas Co.'s sharoä,, second issue; -4 7s. On Wednesday-MoU bourne1 and Hobson's Bay Bailw_y, £47; National Bank of'Australasia, £4 Gs. ; Austral- asian Insurance Company, £2 9s. On Thursday -Australasian' Insurance Company's shares, £2 9s.; andSondy Creek Poverty Beef (mining) Cs. (k1. On Friday-NationalBank of Austral- asia shares, SA ßs. Gd. ; Bendigo Gas Com- pany, £4 ; Melbourne and Hobson's'Bay Rail- way, £17 ßs. ; Ajax, Castlcmaino (mining) £5 10s. On Saturday-Victoria Government De- bentures, Six per Cent., £108 ; National Bank of Australasia, SA ßs. Gd. ; Colonial Insuranoa Company's shares, 16s. ; Australasian Eire and Lifo Insurance Company's shares, 49s. ; Bal- larat Gas Company s snaies, £G 17s. ; Mel- bourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company's filiares, £47 ßs. The following is a statement of the trafHo returns of the Victorian Government lines of railway, and of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway, for the month of November : tcngors. £ B. (1. £ 1 OoTcnimont lines 18,770 IO ll'lT.OiO 10 S Molbourno muli - I Hobson's Bay..1 3,22010 712,25014 4 C ». d. 30,720 7 7 5,477 411 Wo have, in our introductory remarks, taken notice, in thoir commercial bearing, of tho fow salient points of the year. Of tho existing condition of the markets we hava treated moro directly, in the remarks prefixed to our list of prices current in another column. The influence on tho trade ofl8G3of thoforth coming harvest it is difficult to forecast. The reports of tho crops from some of the most important wheat-growing districts are very unfavourable. In the Ballarat district, ox tending for miles towards Clunes, some of the largest farmers aro cutting their wheat crops for hay. A wot winter has been succeeded by nsunprecedentcdlydryaspring, inconsequence of which the cereals in many districts are so stunted as to bo fit only for horse-fodder. The cultivation of the vine is greatly on tho increase, and every Gazette contains pages of applications for leases under the Land Aofc for that purpose. There seems to be little doubt but that, within a very few years, Vic- toria w11 produce wine, both in quantity and quality, which will answer all her require- ments. The consumption of colonial wine is increasint; daily, but the supply nt present comes chiefly from the neighbouring colo- nies. The wool season may be said to be coming to a closo. Its duration this year will necessarily be much shorter than that of pre- vious seasons, from the fact of the wool coming much moro rapidly into market by rail ; and the quantity, therefore, offered at each successive sale has been considciobly largor than has been known in previous years, During the month the wool sales hava beeu uniformly well attended, and the bidding has been conducted with moro than usual spirit, oxcopt at the first sale after tho arrival of tho Bombay, when the telo grophio message, via Adelaide, gave rise to a misconception on the part of vendors as io the extent of rise which hod actually taken placo in tho home market. This error was rectified at the succeeding sale, when sellers nnd buyers were again placed on a legitimate footing. The character of the wool offered has been well sustained in most cases, al- though, from the very teven: winter, and the drought which set in and continued for so long a period immediately afterwards, a ¡breok has been caused in the staple Of the wool of many favourite clips, detracting from their value, anti render- ing them unsuitable for combing purpose?. Their condition generally, however, appears to havo been certninly not below a fair average, and will bo found to bo more free from seed and burrs than hitherto, excepting, perhaps, the clips from the northern districts. {Some of the better specimens of greasy lambs wool have been scoured by the woolwashers here, and some very pretty samples have been produced. One of thom is especially worthy of mention ns having been greatly ndmirod at a recent sole. It was scoured by Mr. Oddy, at the Atlas Steam-works, at Richmond, and was sold at Messrs. dough's rooms during tho month, realizing tho highest price ever, we believe, paid in the colony for wool of any de hcription-namely, 2s. 7d. per lb. Since the departute of the last monthly mail tho following soles of stations and stock hove been effected:-The Moira Station, with 6,500 head of cattlo, at £0 per head ; 7ß9 acres purchased land, at 20s. per acre; horses, stores, furniture, &c;, at a valuation, to Mr. Robert John Glow», of Wliavparolla ; taken without muster. Also, 150 square miles of Lachlan back country, for £450 cash ; the Burri Burri Station, in the Portland district, with 19,509 bhecp. and a pre-emptive section, for tlie sum of £25,000 cash; the Cope Cope, or Swan AVntcr North Station, Kost Wimmera dis- trict, with 9,000 sheep, at 31s. 0,1. per head, and 010 acres purchased land, at 20s. per acre, to Messrs. Holmes, White, and Co., for one of their constituent«. The amount of purchase money is £l-l,81fi. And portions of tho Yering estate, on the Yarra, consisting of 1,787 acres, nt 35s. per aero, one-fourth cash and.the resi- due on terms : and 1,430 acres, at £2 per acre, one moiety in cash, and the remainder by periodical payments extending over eighteen months. Tho Bill of Entry for tho past week gives tho imports at the declared value of £130,917, and the exports at £248,800, the balancö being in favour of tlie latter by £117,8-5'i. In tho following tablo, the imports and ex- ports are given weekly for tho current year, ¡ride by side with the corresponding periods of 1861, together with the totals up to date : Week eliding-. Imports. Exporta. 1S01.. 1802. 1801. 1302. £ £ £ £ ~~ Jnn. 6 130,100 148,220 210,340 94,153 " 11 301,407 411,270 232,142 287,734 l8 181,131) 187,805 217,280 232,709 Feb. 25 409,471 205,850 480,093 423,513 1 327,705 476,021 201,043 395,343 8 107,103 171,705 80,825 125,085 ,, 16 821,511 207,602 270,010 221,13. ,, 22 177,112 200,050 204,257 300,731 ïlnrcl 1 141,000 240,010 350,008 299,223 ,, 8 200,360 105,032 85,101 129,2*4 " 16 243,502 310,012 302,280 332,922 " 22 263,001 217,573 40,987 70,209 20 224,001 208,041 207,021 309,770 April 6 105,684 330,229 45,871 82,803 )( 12 84,817 213,700 292,781 209,791 " 10 200,181 121,042 239,272 213,521 " 20 309,121 224,402 . 440,076 203,671 Hay 3 265,703 247,473 89,482 200,053 10 801,007 05,163 100,877 103,227 17 204,300 835,170 193,570 273,571) ;; 24 134,274 04,020 826,005 171,90« 81 172,614 241,735 217,223 250,837 Juno 7 140,805 373,830 87,804 134,370 " 14 108,472 122,040 182,025 63,433 21 181,700 187,040 151,750 04,579 ? 1, 28 126,201 226,840 410,600 210,219 July 6 240,333 120,707 211,070 652,07!) " 12 202,300 107,801 141,300 210,033 1 » 10 847,430 308,788 200,213 03,071 1 20 420,500 135,207 316,004 410,630 ' Aug. 2 821,071 401,273 05,862 121.893 .0 100,170 100,734 280,384 209;697 " IC 430,751 310,205 120,244 45,517 " 23 123,822 207,220 415,010 213,431 30 202,700 454,015 178,130 117,714 8ept. 7 618,053 242,875 74,207 83,0211 1 " 14 103,343 147,484 142,572 03,731 I " 21 803,780 220,210 401,595 525,930 1 " 28 101,007 270,432 302,019 270,440 Oct. í 207,080 289,520 140,012 830,212 " 12 203,514 202,006 04,212 73,414 " l8 250,075 208,411 390,0S0 79,449 26 250,031 303,097 279,170 430,842 Nov. 1 201,565 333,078 123,929 107,010 1 » 8 150,001 261,092 193,402 97,835 16 848,010 350,428 442,032 491,708 22 121,450 303,002 310,104 274,831 20 282,010 118,305 250,815 409,281 Deo. C 144,514 100,807 824,133 150,559 »> IS 340,151 130,047 326,471 218,800 12,281,600 42,373,038 11,702,521 11,042,25» During the former period the account stood thus : Imports .£12,231,508 Exports .11,702,521 Kataiico of Imports over exports £610,015 During the second period : Importa .£12,373,033 Exports .11,942,253 Hillanco of Imports over exports £430,78.'! The following is a statement of the stocks in bond at the port of Melbourne on the 21st instant ¡-Brandy. 2,638hhds. 09,773 cases; rum, l,245hhds. 633 cases; geneva, 01,780 red 4.130 green cases ; whiskey, GOShhds. 9,349 cases; old tom, 205hhds. 3,620 cases; cordials, 2,30- cases: spirits of ?wine, 143hhds. : other spirits. OOhhds. 4,32t cascs: wine, 4,4951ilids. 4,237 cascB; bier, _,005hhds. 2,993 cases nnd casks; tobacco, 32hhds., fi3 casks, 1,030 bales, 1« tierces, 410 ïialf-ticrccs, 98 quarter-tierces, 80 kees, 4,493 three-quarter boxes, 3,724 cases and boxes; cigars, 721 cases ; snuff, 01 packages ; tea, 31,711 chests, 10,398 hnlf-chests, 11,207 boxes; coffee, 3,993 bags, 220 casks, 1,031 barrels ; sugar, 05,741 bags, 00,248 pack- ages ; molasses, Olhhds. : chicory, 431 pack- ages; opium, 47 chests 271 packages; drbd fruits, 0 pipes, 40 barrels, 111 half-barrels; 244 cases, 40hhds., 187 boxes, 5 casks, 103 packages; hops, 43 pockets, 11 bales; lie», 2,000 bags, 10 borréis : malt, 82 bags ; coloni ii distilled spirits, l,030hhds. Subjoined is the Customs tariff of tho colony as it now stands ; >" " F, ' iHroaT Derma. Kate of J " ' Duty. Ale, porter, spruce,'and other beer, cider, and s. d. perry, por gallon ...OG Cigars, per lb. .. .. .. .. ..6 0 Coffee and chicory, per lb.OS Spirits, or strong waters, of any strength not exceeding tho strength of proof by Sykes' hydrometer, and so on in proportion for any greater or less strength than tho strength of proof, per gallon.10 0 Spirits, cordials, liqueurs, or strong, waters, sweetened or mixed with any article, BO that tho degrco of strength cannot be ascertained by Sykes' hydromotor, per gallon .. .. 10 » Spirits, perfumed, per gallon.10 0 Sugar, raw and refined, and sugar candy, per cvvt. .0 9 Molasses and trcaclo, per ewt.8 0 Opium, manufactured, per lb. .. ,. .. 20 0 Do., unmanufactured, per lb. .. .. 10 O Tea, perlb.On Tobacco, manufactured, and snuff, per lb. .. 2 0 Tobacco, unmanufactured, In leaf or stem rcr lb. .. ., .. .. .". ..lo Tobacco, shcopwash, per lb. .. .\ ..Og Wine, per gallon .. .. .0 3 Wco, perewt.2 o Erica fruits, per cvvt. .'. ., 10 0 Malt, per bushel.0 a Hips, perlb..02 EXPORT DUTT. Gild, manufactured and un_roufactured, and foreign coin, per oz..2 0 (After January 1, 1803 this duty will be re- duced to Is. Cd. por oz.) [ REOISTHATION FEK. Coeds Imported lu packages or parcels, per packago or parcel, or other unit of entry .. 0 I Goods imported in bulk, by weight, measure, «, or number, for each unit of entry ,. .. t- \ (_c registration fee is not chargeable on goods transhipped in tho bay). IMPOSTS ' At the Port of Melbourne from tha 16th November to 14th December, 18C2, compared ?with the corresponding period of 18C1. _ Values. Quantities. 1801. 1802. 1861. 1862. Agricultural im- £ £ plements Alkali-Soda, tons 2,682 2,802 972 1,708 67 83 Apparel and slops. 10,267 10,403 Ammunition Fuse, caps, io.. 673 400 _. _ Powder.. 8,310 2,000 Shot, tons 147 HO 6 4 Anns Guns and pistols Arrowroot, lb. .. 1,710 126 - _ 158 140 7,120 4,616 Asphalto, tons . 06 12 Sags and sacks .. 2.105 2,810 - Bark, tons .. 40 00 2 1 Beer Bottled.. 20,806 16,063 _. _. Draught .. 11,800 14,069 * _. - 1 iscuit, tons 60 06 1 U 1 lunkets and wool I lens ., .. 6,809 7,408 -_ _ Boats 20 Bocks 6,697 3,806 ' - _ Boots and shoes.. 41,786 28,239 _. ,_ Bran, bushels .. 1,816 £9,7 Br.cks t Path .. 40 05 -_ _. ruilding, No. . - 86 -. 0,004 rwslvwnro 1,047 766 ] uildlng materials 1,400 3,276 _ _. Butter, tons 0,043 6,227 86 8T Candles, tons .. 88,977 14,800 280 li» Car.dlewick ? 125 114 Canvns .. .. 2,870 - ' _. _. Carpeting.. 1,050 30 - _. Carriages, carts, ' ic. 4,037 4,040 - _ Cement 727 160 Cheese, tons .. 4,792 1,827 42 IS Chicory .. 940 610 China-woro .. 1,344 500 - __ Cider 199 90 i onls, tons 7,801 16,463 8,602 8,029 Cocoa and choco- late, lb. 246 247 4,704 4,640 Coffee 2,712 1,016 Coir fibre, tons .. 46 1 Coko and fuel, tom 1,842 - 830 _ Confectionery - - 1,703 HO -_ - Copper, tons 269 1,810 2 15 Copper oro, tons.. 7,500 - 251 - Ccpperwaro Coriingo, tons .. 022 100 2,541 9,022 67 132 Corks 1,120 1,617 -. ._ Cottons .. 8,000 6,838 Cotton wasto 00 100 \-- _ Cutlery .. 1,042 430 - _ Drapery 84,704 43,370 t _. _. Drugs 7,126 7,740 -. -. Druggists' ware .. 640 630 Earthenware .. 4,510 3,200 , - - Ifg» 578 602 fancy goods .. 7,037 1,770 - - iclt 160 200 fisli-r Frcsh _. 273 ' ._ _ Preserved 5,413 6,600 v - ,_ Salted, tons .. 849 603 28 10 flour, do. 7,760 8,816 640 638 Pruifc Bottled 30 Dried, tons 3,143 4,127 70 _ On cn, buBhcls 0,210 7,400 10,620 9,272 Furnjturo and up- holstery 0,802 2,251 Olaf» Boítlcs .. 800 255 _ _» Window 1,630 200 _ _. Glassware.. .. 3,306 2,074 ' -. -.*" Gluo, 120 Grain Barley, bushels - 3,305 - 15,50» Beans and peas, do. 750 28 1,866 72 Gram, tons .. 1« 9 Maize, bushels.. 2.6O0 8,633 4,000 20,899 Malt 12,800 9,008 Oats, bushols ., 10,690 3,818 76,893 0,077 Itlco 13,578 22,070 Wheat, bushels 16,211 0,030 62,320 27,04» Tjndescribcd .. 1,150 3,733 flilndery .. .. 1,371 772 - __ Gum .. .. 0 Grindstones .. 20 3 _ _. Haberdashery .. 1,561 3,882 - __ Uah-,'' tons 80 322 4 16 Hardware and Ironmongery .. 15,648 10,008 . _. Hats ¡and caps .. 6,113 2,334 Hay.ltons.. HIilol, No. HoUowaro 98 34 10 5 13 100 , 80 1SS 446 270 Honey, lb. ., - 11 ' - 509 Hops .. 730 2,700 - Hosiery .. .. 1,210 1,772 -. Ice, tons 10,000 70S Indiarubber goods 405 772 Instruments Musical.. 2,087 1,600 __ Scientific 844 680 Iron, tons.. .. 11,473 7,210 873 08S Jewellery ., . 6,230 96 Lend, tons ,. 676 1,780 21 00 Lea thor, cvvt. 830 51 33 S Lei therworo . 2,003 830 Lime, bushels . _ 75 » 75» Linen 1,600 1,166 Live stock norses, No. . 00 1,142 6 15 Pigs, do. - 86 24 Sheep, do. 288 - 8ft Deer, do. .. 00 i 2 Machinery 17,042 7,878 _. Marble 100 - MaUbcs and vestal 4,840 1,828 - _. Ma's and rugs . 77 20C - _. Moil Corn, tons _ 80S S Oat, do. 60 C 2 Motnl Yellow, tona .. 1,550 1,37! 13 It Millinory .. 604 20C - Nails and screws tons 5,857 1,600 187 47 Í aphtha and cam pldno, gals. . 12i ¡ COO -. IlltS 10 - Î ills 222 43Í - _. Ours .. . 4 li _. on Cocoanut, gals. 1C 1,8<H , 1O0 0,45» Colza, do. 887 3,480 -. Kerosene, do. . 1,331 L78C ' 5,218 12,029 Linseed, do. . 013 8« , 2,707 1,41» Olivo, do. 794 Ot 2,05£ SO» Undescribod.do 1,854 3,78( 0,401 24,03» Oilcloth .. 106 42c Oilmen's stores . 11,721 11,81! _ _ Onions, tons . 1 , S Opium .. . 001 ~"f _ Paintings and en cravings . Tainui, Sus. 6C 21 8,40C 1,0S( - _ rarorhangings . 1,658 1,2(X - _ Poiflunory 611 23 - Photographio goods .. . 335 401 ) - Piped-Tobacco . Pitch!, tar, &c.; . Plants and seeds. 63! 62 J - _ 24t 1,07 t - 111 48 1 - _ Plate and platen 1 ware .. . 1,031 73" J ' - Plumbers'wara . 7C 91 > - Potatoes, tons . 38f 901 3 85 lfA Preserves.. 1,4W J 601 5 - Printing material a se - _ __ Provisions Preserved . 2,40! 1,18 Í - -_ Salted, tons . 8,24] 0,871 J 04 95 On ckallvor li llway material 2,8« 02 } - s 15,30t 82,40 J < _ -, B sin 414 I 1 5i - Saddlery .. 3,014 2,21 5 - __ Sago, lb. .. Salt, tons.. . 1,001 10 5 112,88( 5 1.0TE 7,103 . 4,3« 2,821 013. Shlpchandlcry . Sf 1,40 0, - - Silks 6.02C > 16 0 - Skins 61 20 5 - Slates, No. 1,00C 1,71 0 124.0CX X ia6fG0# Slap, tons Specie .. 834 7 S 4 L _ . 02,OCK 60,13 5 - ' w Specimens of ne I- . UiralhiBtory . 5( ) 20 0 - _ Spices .. . . 5,22" 1,40 4 - -> Sphlts Blandy.. . Ccrth-i 10.41C 14,21 0 - __ 40C > 69 2 - Gin . 11.0SC 18,08 1 - _. Of « Ino.. 60S 8 8 ' - Perfumed . 001 16 2 ! - __ Hum .. 4.01C 2,19 0 - -. Whiskey 2.01Í 8,49 9 - __ Tjndescribcd . 7a 47 < - _ Spongo .. Starch and blue. 24Í 025 8 64 0 - 0 - - Stationery . 18,544 4,21 0 - - £ tool, tons SO. I 8 0 ( Ï I Stone Building, tons. 781 10 0 13 ) i Paving .. 29 40 0 - - Mill .. 20 14 0 - Î toucware 10( 28 S - -. Eugnr . 73,0« 87,66 3 - - - Values. Quantities. 1801. £ 1802. & 1801. 1S02. Tüliloca, n». i. 7S - 2,000 _, 42,755 05,818 - ?_ Telegraphic inato rlnb -. i - - 30 Timber- t. Deal's No. 8,140 . 0,850 20,418 27,200 I_Uis, bundles.. 370 135 705 853 I'alin_s, No. .. 529 1,516 00,700 215,7.10 bogs and pile». ii». -- '.. 2,700 360 J'itots anti raw, .li». .. '.'. 222 102 7,000 4,091 Fa«n, fcet '.. 0,370 5,501 1088008 [012,307 Shingle-, No. ._. * Ufi 10,000 lllscollaiicous.. 2,373 724 00 718 - _* Iliiwnre .. 327 67 - -_ Tobacco ? . t. 5,056 37,118 \- . -_ Cigars .. 3,159 832 - _. Tobacconists' mire 171 Tools nml utensils 1)00 3,314 - Tujs omi turnory 031 803 _* '1 urpentino and \unilsli, gals. .. 032 190 1,807 420 TK Ino .'"iel thread, toni .. ".. 209 840 2 2 VincKiir, gula. .. ' 2,100 274 15,175 2,912 Watclict,a«dclocl>H 2,183 1,202 _» . «lilting, tons .. um 130 04 31 It ielerwaro . .. 55 l8 Vi Ino 20,100 25.10C - _» Woodenvnu- , -. 027 1,605 ._, wool,iii. ;. - .. 2,000 6,12« 30,300 S4.207 /¡ne, tons.. '.. 30 2,251 05 Hisivllimcims .. 3,350 3,01C - - luXPOKÏS. n AitriciiKiiral pleim-nts Alknli-Suila, ton» Apparel and Blops Anns and mumu nitl.-n .. .. Asphalte, tons .. Antimony oro,'ilo. An ow root, lb.- .. I'n'."> and sacks .. Un lr, tons t .. I'c-r- t liottlsd, gals. .. Drautrht, do. .. 1 t_uit, tons ' .. Muck _md, do/ .. I UnLctsniiduool Icns .. - .. lUiiM's, tons I'Mllu. Hunts aiuL-shocs.. Uran, bushel* ' .. lint lu, No. . .. llru'liuaFO I iiililni',' inatcilals t'uttei, tons i mullos, do. i'inn us larria-fes, carts, 325 0,150 220 1,152 875 2,2S.-> 090 1,976 8,057 742 171 549 7,410 1,472 006 i mlvR, empty C ment i'lteesc, tons rliienry .. I'oals, tons C'oion and choco- late, lb... folleo i'oir libro .. .". i onfectiouory i 'oppcr, tons .""upper oro, do. t opperivaro . < "ordago, tons . i orks Cottons .. i 'ntlcry . . . flnipcry .. Drags Druggists* ivaro I'nrUicmvaro Pancy goods Kelt l'lsli Salted, tons Preserved I roar, tons I ruit Dried, tons Oreen, bushel Furiilturo.. , Olafs iluitlcs .. IMato .. - swaro field, ounces ' li min Barley, bushels lUdze, do. Wheat, da Halt .. Oats, bushels llieo .. . itiiililcry .. tiuauo, tons IhUicrdashory Huir .. , II ¡ml «-aro and ironmongery Hats and caps i . Iljy, tons.. lillies, No. Ilolluwaro llops Hams and hoofs llo«iery .. lionnes .. \ . lee, ton .. lmlturubbcr goods ln_r"i_ont Miesie-al.. ' Scientific Iioiiaiidstccl,lon3 Jewellery.. Kiiolin, tons i.catl, tons Leather, tons l/"atlierwaro Lime, bushcLs l.iic stock Horses, No. hhecp, do. llitehincry Hatches and vestas .Mats and rugs -Meal-Oat, tons lleta], yellow, ton .Millinery .. ?Miscellaneous .. .Molasses .. ' .. -Vnplilim and cam plilno, gals.. .. -Viüh and screws, lons .. - .. O.lls Oil, gals. oilmen's stores ., Opium .. ' ..! I'alnts r.iiiitings and on graving» , ., fapcrhniurings .. I'ciTumcry Photographic ? goods .. 1'ltc-h and tar . I'ipes-Tobacco . I'lants and seeds, flato and plated «aro Preserves Vi'iutlug materials Provisions Preserved Salted, tons ttnicksilvcr Kiga, tons lluilway materials llo-in .. *-. ."?uddlory .. .S.igo, lb. .. . Milt, tons .. Milpcliandlory »liles Mellis ,' lates, No. .".cap, tons r-'pecio .. ." .Milecs hpirlts Urandy.. . Cordials Of wlno Perfumed ? Kura IVTilsltoy Undcscrilicd' Mareil and bltto M.itloncry Monewaro v nsrnr 'fallow, tons '1'ca.. Tents mid ti (Willina .. Timber .. ' .lin. 'Iliroaro .. Tobacco .. Cigars .. ' Tools and utensils '1'o.i.s and turnery Tttrjxnitluo and i aniisb, guts. .. T" Ino and thread Vinegar, gals. .. W alelíes k meeks W Inc. K»'". - " "iVnodonwaro Wool, lb... 7.'no, toles.. , 3,049 1S02. & 007 30 3,900 20 1,080 1,055 7.22C 0,130 SOO 3,001 140 1,180 2,012 8,350 453 411 112 1,707 70 28,210 2,137 707 2,160 40 2,3)8 8,076 1,284 28 1,007 111 ISO 1,042 489,725 1,701 1,725 4,820 30 8,019 S72 S17 3,004 170 C57 231 215 350 17 70 3,390 1,153 101 828 110 35 10,250 0,782 2,580 1,584 180 200 45 2,710 7,350 16 015 25 0,004 4,310 320 35 1,040 330 407 1,078 4,300 100 2,105 833 588 3,133 223 .103 148 00 018 16 '320 112.S04 704 14,503 04 3,275 1,732 .1,010 280 128 1,542 90 8,759 0,700 11,700 Quantities. 8,910 3,620 10,250 13,021 7,000 20,807 1,881 1,421) 1,010 301,835 02 6,051 1,026 14,010 189 01 4o: 167 3,300 18,951 15,005 2,521 713 122,500 2,000 1,059 1,400 18,009 4,35. 1)0,449 141 1,112 43 13JÛ6 126 4,014 5,230 2,001 310 01 373 9,302 1,870 40S 14,010 30,101 33,163 370 1,500 (1,292 2,189 934 17 5,311 427 331,000 001 180 70,160 11,050 250 2,400 OOO 80 1,000 270 10,360 2,034 10,71" 13,039 3,681 1,063 53 402,230 108 10,30$ 1,000 11,130 10,870 4300210 40 1,20} "Ußl-BOUBNE .WHOLESALE l'RIOBS CURRENT. ~ . Tho Argus Ollleo, Tuesday Evening. A steady general business lias prevailed in tbo im 1 1'riicK lia\c no1 been so fully supjiorted as dining tlio |irc\ioiw inontli, although Jn homo fow nrtlelos an improvement lias taken place. Tho Intelligence re- ich e-d by tlio last mall bos lind como llttlo effect; Hie i7urca.se in Hie amount of shipments mado to this pr-rt, although not of importance, and being distri ItmU amongst so many articles of general consump. ti oil, lias rendered holders less linn. Tlio regularity of ti c oi elland mull ad\ lees, coupled » ith the oxtontlon ' f our colonial raliway traille, Is Introducing a different t>*tem of business, and almost entirely doing away willi Um largo sncculatii o purchases which a fow years -ince influenced tlio import markets. A safor and «Itian.v extensivo trado Is transacted, tho duri- llon ami amount of credit aro lessened, and li .i_e\s Is generally on a limier basis mid In a I e"Ui_ci cotiililt'iu llitm iJion, for the purpose of ob talnh,gnciimín*ilntliii', dealt i-e were Induced inmany instances to cm «ml cr then tell cs with unsaleable articles or (mils with willoh tiny vero already over- stocked. Wo report butincu. generally in a sound condition ; money is easy, ni d credit but llttlo sought for, although the prices of unie Imported goods may not leave «J desirable a margin as shippers could wish for. 3 he reduction or the export duty on gold, which comes into operation -with the new year, has reduced the extent of shipments of that article, and rendered the amount of our exports for the month less than they would otherwise have been ; but tho cxtont of other produce contrasts favourably with previous months, the declared value of tho wool shipped hence amounting to £402,300, and' live stock to £34,000. Wo may remark that business closes "fen" i tho holidays at the termination of the year ima generally satisfactory and sound posi- tion. We now proceed to moro detailed particulars of! the market« for tho leading articles of general con tntnptlon. For beer, both lu bottlo and wood, there h«B been a continued steady demand, at -well-sus- tained prices ; and until the close of tho summer tilt little variation is likely to ensue in pnces, as, although there Is a rather considerable incrcaso in thipments of bottled sorts, stocks of well-conditioned and tound quality ore roodorate. Quotations are : Beer.-Ale-Bass's No. 8 (now), £0 15s. to £10; All tepp'sr£910a. to £916s. ; otlior Burton brewers', £8 to fa KB. per lihd. ; Joule's Stone, £0 -to £9 5s. ; Ten neDt's, £7 10s. per hhd. ; Byoss's bottled, 10s. ; London omi Colonial Company's, Os. Od. to Os. Od. ; AUsopp's, 0s. Od. to 10s. ; other bottlers', Us. Stout.-Bost brands, £710s. to £716s. ; other brewon', £6 16s. to £7 lier hhd. ; Dublin stout, Ils. Od. to 12s. ; Byass'B bottled, 11B. to 11s. 8d. i London and Colonial Company's, 10s.[6d. to 10s. Od. ; Barclay's, bottled by Friend, quarts, Us. ; other bottlers', Ui. I Cd. to 10s. Cd. per dozen. j The ndvnnccd season of tho year has caused a cc«i- I tien in tlio demand for woolpacks, which aro now dull eff-c at about 4s. 3d. each. Corn sacks havo boon In very good domnnd, nnd sales readily mado at 16s. per de _ n ; inquiry lins, how over, slnckcned and pricci aro lees Arm, anil sales arc reported at 14s. Od. per dozen. Bl an bags and gunnies continuo of ready sale, tlio latter quoted nt from 7s. Od. to 8s. per dozon. Paeon has continued In Btcady and considerable in- quiry at »eil sustained prices, a1!shipments coming to hard In good condition finding ready Bale. Sinclair's (aiddleB) Is worth 12Jd. to 18d.; Wiltshire, 12d. to Iii d. per pound, Butter has Improved both In demand and prico ; tlio ecjitimianee of tho dry weather has In great measure defctrov ed tho herbage, and much reduced tho supply of froth made. Best samples of newly landed double icec Cork arc quoted at Is. 8¡d. per lb., and until tlio autumnal rains set in theso prices oro likely to be irointalncd. Buyers, howovcr, will not stock thom Felvcs at these rates, and purchoso morely for imme- diate requirements. Candles are decidedly firmer. Belmont sperms aro in limited stock, and in somowlmt speculative Inquiry; ire euppllcso'forelgn'makc, howovcr, keep priccsdown. Uko announcement, however, that from the damage 1 ce edition In which tho bulk of these sorts arrlvo un- di J writers are unwilling to insure, except against total let s, Jcnds to the bolicf that shipmonts will rapidly de- cline, and gives a better prospect for prices. Quota- i tiens aro:-Nova stcarlno, islet. ; Belmonte held for ! lia. ; Holo'Band Ogleby's, lad. per lb. Ci nv as Is well supplied, and In but moderate 0e n ind. Navy, assorted-best Is quoted at from 12d. to IS.'d. ; medium, from lOd. tollu per yard. Ciir.entMiiitinucs of limited tain, colonial manulae tv red keeping down tho prices of Imported parcel«. E oman brliiRB from 11s. to 12s., and Portland from 16s. to Ils. per barrel. Cheese of best descriptions and In prime condition is readily saleable at from lljd. to 12Jd. per lb. Coals, as usunl during tho summer, huvo declined. A shipment of English vvero Inst week placed on tho wLnrl at 32s. per ton. Coffee IMB undergone no chungo In price. Inquiry Is moderate, but stocks are limited and well held, i r d any chango In value is likely to bein favour of leilire. Prices aro :-Coylon, plantation, lOJd. to lid. ; ritivc, 8Jd. ; Java, 7jd. to Sol. perlb., In bond. Confectionery Is of stead) Hilo, vi lihou t any chango In prices to report. Best desci iptlons bring from li Jil. to lljd. per lb. Candied peel isBcnrco, and wanted lor C1 ribtmas ; sales arc rcportid at Is. Cd. per lb. Cordngohn» undergone no chango; the mai kel is will supplied, and demand light. Twine in Mill ire derate! y stocked, and lu demand. Quotations ui c :-Europo ropo, £80 to £32 ; Russian do., £39 to £40; coir do., £30; Manilla do., £49 to t',',0, asserted ; twlno, sowing, lljd. lo 13d. ; shop do., 9Jd. to 13d. per lb. Drugs.-There is scarcely any chango to remark in tie vahío of articles under this head. Opium ii rntlic-r i osii r In price. Sales of tartarlc acid have been unido I y auction at 2s. 3d. per lb. ; und alum at 12s per iwt. Soda crystals aro dull at quotations, and soil.1 stn Is almost unsaleable. For sulphur flour thero is bitter Inquiry, and prico IB rather firmer. The quoted lotes aro: -Opium - Falun, £240 per chest, duty riid; prepared, 26s. to 20s. per canhter; muli ci J B!«Is, £8 10s. to £9 ; soda ash, £10 per ton ; sulphur four, 26s. to 20s. per ewt. ; carbonato soda, 10s. to 11s. per cwt. ; tartarlc acid, 2s. 8d. to 2s. Od. per lb. ; cream of tartar, Is. Cd. per lb. Fith (dilcd).-The supply of good parcels of ling In very light, and inquiry being tolerably brisk, prices aie linn and rather looking up. Quoted prices nie ¡iii. to 6Jd. per lb. Herrings, and other fish, aro In Uni Knitted inquiry. Best red herrings not saleable at al ove 28s. per two dozen tins. Flour and grain have scarcely undoigonc any chango in v aluc. Oats and maize, and indeed any grain suite 1 fcr horso-fced, have boon in good demand at steady rates. Ihe market for flour mid wheat has been and < cul Innes somewhat unsettled,« Itli the demand limited to direct requirements, tho extent of tho crops in both this and the neighbouring colonie» being uncertain, oi d until tho completion of tho wheat linn est r rices ore not likely to undergo any chango of consequence, Malt has improved in inquiry, but is not salcablo at abovo 10s. Od. per bushel for bett samples. Tlio present rates aro : Flour.-Tasmanian, £12 10s. ; town made, £12 10s. to £13 ; Adolaido, sllk- dresECil, £13 to £13 10s. ; Msgoroy's, and Hart's (Adelaldo), £14 ; Californian, £12 10s. to £13. "Wheat.-Colonial, 5s. 2d. to 5*. Sd. ; Adelaide, 6s. Od. ; Californian, 4s. Od. to 5s. ; fccdingM>rts,4s. Od. Oats.-Irish and Scotch, 0s. Ort. ; Cali'crnian, 0s. Od. to Os. Od. ; colonial, 7s. to 7s. «J. Borley.-Capo and Californian, 4?. 3d. to Is. fld. ; maltiiijr, On. Od. to 7s. Maize, Os. 3d. to 0s. Cid. Gmm, £16 pcrton. Bran, Is. 8d.tols.0d. per bushel. Oatmeal. \- Scotch, £30; colonial, £40 per ton. Colonial pearl bailey, £30 per ton. English malt, 10s. 3d. lo 10s. Od. ; colonial, 8s. to 8s. 3d. per bushel. Fiults (diled).-The usual Christmas demand his sustained tho prices of curmnts mid pudding fruits, but the plentiful supplies of fresh sorts materially nlfect ti.o valuó of table kinds, which aro difficult of sale at even low rates. Currants, 6d, to 6Jd. ; r.iiyni, nrfcatcls, «d. to 7d. ; do., Cape, OJd. to 7Jd. ; ligi, 6}c'. to 63d. ; French plums, 8d. to lod. ; dried ap] le., 4d. to 4}d. perlb., duty paid. Hams uro very light In stock, and demand hi Ins hiiek, prices nro very firm, with a rather up»a'ii inclination. Sinclair's and Vniey's aro worth l61., or d Cumberland 14d. per lb. Hops hnvo been in better inquiry for speculation, ni d prices nro Armor. Demand lins, however, somo .vvlat lulled, and quotations for best Kent orSussei (]£01) are still from Is. lOd. to 2s. Id. per lb,, duty rnld. Jtctals.-Stocks of corrugated galvanized Iron aro fast reducing, and invoices suitable for requirement OTC dllllcult to bo met with ; tlio demand, however, li not extensiv c. Bar and rod ¡ron nrc fully stocked and dull of talc. Fencing wiro continues in good request at steady prices. Lead heavily btoeked and dull of rale. Quotations aro ns follow :-Morowood's potent corrugated galvanized tinned, 24 and 20 gauges, £30 per ton. Morew-ood's corrugated galvanized, No. 2, or untinncil, £34 do. ; Tup rei-'s do., £34 do. ; Ham lion's or other Ku¡f Jish maker's, £88 do. ; Scotch, £28 do. ; Moro weed's galvanized tinned plain, 20 and 28 gauges, ££8 do. ; 'flipper's or other English maker's, £86 do. ; ¡Scct-li do., i34 do. ; rod and bar, best Staffordshire hiends, DHU, £10 do. ; do., Scotch, £0 10s. do. ; plato, £12 do. ; sheet, assorted, £11 do. ; anglo and T, £13 do. ; hoon, £12 do. ; pig, £4 do. ; Swedish, no Bales. I Lend-Pipo, assorted sizes, £27 to £28 do. ; sheet, 11 i.lcd, assorted, £20 do. ; shot, assorted, £82. Qulek silv cr, 2s. 2d. per lb. Steel-linster, £2 5s. per cwt; cast, £210s. do. Tin-Block, Is. Oil. to Is. Od. perlb. ; plates, charcoal, ICI plates,.charcoal, IX, 26 per cont. advance. Wiro- Fencing, black, £16 per ton; gal lonitod, Kos. 1 to 6, £20 do. Zinc-Boiled, light, £S4 do. ; do., nails, £2 8s. to £2 10s. per ewt. Mess bref and pork aro moderately supplied,- and a fair inquiiy continuing, prices remain steady. Fork, at £6 ; nnd beef, at £4 per tierce. In oilmen's stores a fair business has been done. Sen-o fow articles, as jnms, bottled fruits, Ac., have run low In stock, and prices hnvo Improved; but tho bulk of the articles under this head aro In good tur ply, nnd not likely to ndvanco in price to any extent. Vinegar is largely supplied and dull ef sale. Quotations aro :-Illuo, thumb, lOd. per lb. ; currlo ponder, quarts, 13s. to 14s. per dozen,' fin Its, lottlcd, quarts, 0s. Od. to 10s. do.; jams and jellies, lib. tins, los, Gd. do. ; lobsters, lib. tins, Arrurlcan, 8s. do. ; macaroni, 8d. per lb. ; vermicoll!, wl ite, Naples and Genoa, 7(1. do. ; mustard, In bulli, No. 2, 8Jd. do. ; do., In lib. bottles, Us. to 11s. Od. per dozen; do., in Jib. bottles, 7s. dr.; oatmeal, colonial, £40; do., Scotch, £31 per ton; oysters, preserved, lib. tins, 17s. to 17s. Od. per dozen ; do., 21b. tins. 24s. do. ; pickles, Si.rits, 10B. to 11B. do. ; do., pints, 8s. fld. to «s. (. ; salnd oil, pints, 18s. per dozen ; do., half-pints, 7f. Oil, to 8s. do. ; salmon, preserved, lib. tins, 10s. to KB. fld. do, ; Bardlucs, halves, 0s Od. do. ; quarters, (s. do.; sauces, assorted, half-pints, 8s.,do. ; do. W< rccstenJiiro (Lea and Perrin'*), 12s. to 12s. Od. do. ; bl 01 eli (Dolman's), 6Jd. per lb. ; vinegar, brown I (Champion's 24), Is. lOd. per gallon ; do., conccn tiatcd, quarts, 9s- to 10s. per dozen; whlto wine, Is. Cd. rcr gallon. Oils, paints, io., ore quite unchanged In value, In I tho foniicrnrtlclc.thoro has been atolcrnblyfairamount rf trade, but for paints tho inquiry has continued nn inr proved. Quotations aro ¡-Linseed oil, raw, 4B. Od. to 4e. lOd. ; boiled, 4s. 0d. to 6s. ; Chincso, Sa. 4d. to I fp. Cd, ; kerosene, 8B. ; colza, 5s. to 6s. 3d. ; turpen- tine, 11s. to 12s. per gallon. Whltoload, 30s. to 88s. ; , I cdiced, 28s, to 30s. per cvvt. j pitch, 45s. por barrel ; ' tar (Stockholm), 65s. por barrel. ' Bice.-Tho Btocks, bolng still confined to ono house, , ni c held for high rates. An attempt to advance tho 1 pi ice to £32 per ton for Fatua has been mado, without II (cess. Sales, however, have been mado hy auction within the lost fow doj'B at £20 10s. portón, duty 1 ) cid ; but at this price tho trado buy sparingly, 1 ni d only to the extent uf ¡inmediato need. I tait is also in fow hands and held for full rates, but I Ile mininer demand being light Is against advancing | prices. Fino is scarco and hold at £0 10s. Liverpool e e ni sc quoted at .C4 per ton. \ 1 Krlrlts.-Brandy has improved a littio In prico, and coi ililerablo parcels have changed hands; pile, milo especially, has been In inquiry, having lun (omotthnt low In stock. Geneva Is howily tteikcd, but is, nevertheless, mther firmer, a brisk i'i 11 and continuing to absorb tlio heavy arrivals, j V. liirkcy and old tom are In very limited inquiry. I Bim over supplied, and dull of sale. Quotations arc :-Brandy, ¿furtell, dark, 11s. 9d. to 12s. ; 'palo, ' 11s. Bd. por gallon ; IIonncssv-'sdo.,lls. 6d. per ¿allon ; ' rale, 11s. Od. j Otard's, 10s. fld. do. ; United Vineyard Pi (-1 riotors' Company's do., 10s. Od. ; Champagno Vins j ai c1 Proprietors' Company's do., 10s. Od. ; palo, 11s. do. ; "VlncgrowerB', 10s. do. ; other brands, do., 6s. to Es. Cd. do, 1; palo, Mortcll's or Ucnnessy's, 80s. to 31s. rer dozen taso; do., United Vlnoynrd Proprietors', SCs. do. ; Vlncgrovvers', 20s. do. ; Champagno Vinojnrj PiopfiolortiCompany's,20s. to27s. do. ; ClouzcauV, 2is. do. Geneva-JDKZ or key brand, Us. to 12s. nor four-gallon casa ; do., do., 7s. per half-case ; do., other hi anils, 10s. to 11s. Od. per case. Oin-London old tem, best brands, 2s. Od. por gallon ; do., do., 13s. to 14s. per dozen. Hum-East India, 20 to 30 o.p,, lj. Cd. to " 3d. per gallon ; Weet India, 10 to 12 o.p. 2s. ßd to 3« dn , do, 20 Io 10 o p , "« fid do "Wlil'kor -Irish, Jlehon«, 4s elo , Scotch, boat, 4s Od do , do , best brands, 12s. Od to Its Od 1 cr dozen case Sugar los of lato boon offered In moro limited «junntitics, and tlio nnrkct has n nscqtiently some- what rallied, priées closing moro llrmlj Tlio trade do not, lion m or, como lomani «llliiigly, and any attempt to foreo I ho «¡arket would bo followed by a renewed declino Quotations oro -Mauritius low rations, £24 15s. poi ton, low to Rood brown, £.26 15s to £30 10s , xcllows, £32 to £34 , good to fino counters, £81 to ¿38 per ton, liiiowhito crystals, £41 to £4110s per ton , îso 1 Cosslporo wliito, £40 to £47 per ton Toa -Hie market is quiot, ami nilli tbo oxcoption of tbo lower eins« of congous, thcro is but llttlo do »ord "further ai rii als aro to hand but holders aro inn, and Keep prices steady bj not attempting salos under full prices Quotations aro -(duty p-ild) - flcod to lino congou, Is lOd to 2s Od , medium to ordinär}, Is 7d to Is 9d per lb , orango pekoo, 2s Cd , gunpowder, 2s Od to 3s St] per lb Timber bus been dealt with to somo conslderabl0 extent during tho month, at tolcrnbh well supporte 1 trices Arrivals howc\er, keep dropping in, und n i tdi mite on present »Tites is llkoly to toko placo Quotations aro -Baltic deals, 11 x 1, OJd to " I , 8x3, 4'd to 43d . Oregon timber, ¡C7 10s, to JE7 15s. per 1,000ft , Scotch flooring, 0x14 »iib, 38s 6d to 14s por 100ft , Aniorican lumber, lui T and G , £9 to £010s. pet 1,000ft Tobacco-Mr \\\ K Itali supplies tlio allowing report of this market -" Tho tobacco market during tho 1 oat month has boen decidedly a declining 0110 , »ml in tlio absonco of nnj disposition to concéntralo the stocks Into low hands, prices must recodo fi oin tho présent nominal quotations Tlioadilcos per la¡>t mall do not report any material decrease In tlio quantities j exported thcro is tis x ot, therefore, no ox idenco of a cessation ¡11 our supplies , purchasers consciiucntlv, 1 opernto to a limited oxtent Tlio lots which lune be cn offered for public corni ctltion were 111 most cases withdrawn, prices not meeting holders' x lexis Good bnl\es and tens ilnrk,.cannot bo quoted higher than 2e td to 2s Oil first, elnss brands of light-coloured Mill not commandai Od Prices for tw 1st moro steady, bi ing In fow hands ' "Wines continuo In steady but quiet inquiry, with- out chanto In rates T_ght wines, moro especially low firiccd thircts, aie m r-itbor more demand, andero Holy so to continuo during tho remainder of tho summer HOLBOURNE MARKETS. ¡ 'Jirs-Ax, DEC 23 Tu» NULS- Business has beon brisker, but no change Inpilccslms occurred Fine fleur Is still quotod at from £12 10s to £13 por ton , wheat, 6s to 6s 3d pi r bushel, and bran, Is 3d to Is Od por bushel D.KTAII1 ilAlthris -Butchors' Meat.-Bcof, 4d to 6d pi r lb , mutton, 3d to _Jd do , \ cal, 7d to Od do , perk, 8d to 9d do Poultrj -Turkeys, 15s to 20J each ; geese, 0s to 10s per pair, ducks, 7s to 8s per {air; fowls, 6s. to 7s do , rabbits, 5s to Os per bl «co; buttor, fresh, 2s to 2s 2d por lb , og¡,a, I 2s per dozen, bacon. Is 4d to Is Od , him, Is Oil per lb , bread, OJd to 7d tho 41b loaf, milk, Od ' per quart HAX MAIUIT -The supplj lins been much in ox» I ccrs of consumption, mid former rates lnuo beon 1 ai ely sustained Best lui), £8 to £S 10s per ton, I inferior and second, £0 to £710s do , straw, £610s to £C 10s per Ion MOOL, ÏAIIO», HIDES, AC - Vcssrs J ir Clough »ii Co suppl) tho subjoined report -"Wool -On the occasion of tho Y and O Company's steamer Isortlinni lining Hobsons Hal, wo mail our- selves of tho opportunity of roilcwlng the condition of the wool market dilling the past month The usual wiekl) siles of Wcdnesdn) and "thursday have not btcu bold this week, owing to Christmas day falling on tlio latter, and tho approaching holidays interfering nith tho'?ule on tho former da) 1 ho total number of 1 ¡iles tatnlo"ucd since our lost report, per Madras 011 tlio 20th Jvoiembor, has been 15,022, of wliich 11,072 bax o L ecu sold at tho am tlon sales, w itli tho exception of a few w hicli liai c been placed iimncdi itel) after they , bax o been closed at ux crace auction rates Through out tho mouth tlio 11111 kot has been sustained with great spirit nuil stcidiness Thoorrhal of a telegram, ila Adeliilde repotting foi the second time, tho pro vioush rciiiud iiitelllgeneo published by 'Tlio Al¿11s, ila Jullul, has rendered It necessary for us to guard our ii lends against tho impression that tho , foin cr was an announcement of an additional advance Xnn) if thoso interested lu tho trade had' «Tldcntlv built up expectations of a further 1 rise in this nmikct, xvhicli tho buyers-who, of' CCUTSO from their prix ato n with the Et ita of tho market-lillie steadily refused to ] ix 1 ho loiisaiiiciico has been that at the first I ..ale after tho arrlial of tho Bombay, on tlio 18th ' instuut, a compiratii ely sin ill amount of business »as done On the following dax, how01 cr, atthosaloat our 'tores, 1 endors hal ing ascertained that tlio infor n.allon upon which they acted wns incorrect, and buy crs being 1 rcpnrcd lo do business tit full rates, although without ndxnnec, considerably moro spirit , »is exhibited and tho sale went off satlslac torili, altliouc.li without mix ¡,icat chungo in rato ' As befoio noted, tho facilities which liai o been gil on to thocomcianco of wool from tlio Interior by tho ! opening up of Hillway communication has greatly In ci cn°cd tho ease of transit, and wools h ix e come moro readily to markot than dilling nny previous season I Tho consequence of this w ill probably bo that tho hulk | of the Poit 1 hlllp wools will baie arrhed in fondón in time for tlio I ehruary nnd "Ma) '¡.iles -heprlncl pal portion of tho clip of this season has already pissed 1 the li minier, and it is not probahlo that thcro will bo nny 111010 lery largo sales during tlio present season is 3d has been realized li) u« for lleeco w 00I, of very superior clip, for tlio Froncli market, and oi cry lot of superioi conditioned and well bred wool, In thlsclass, hus been moro eagerly competed foi than any other descriptions, and thoy lim 0 ruled from 2s to 2s 3d per lb , whilst wools a llttlo Inftrloi In condition as regards weight, hut possessing good staple, linio beon «Ko keenly competed for, for combing purposes for the 1 lench nul Ilntdford m irkcts, and also for clothing districts whcio these wools seem tobo beginning, tobo I molo nppiccliitcd -hoy baie rcnll/cil from 21d to ' 2J]d peril) Short grow 11 wools, 01 cn though of gool quality, bino been lompanth oly neglected , mid seedy jnd burn dips bax o boon inov eil off xvith moro (lilli tult), pi fees ruling from Is M to Is 8d per lb Thoro has been 11 great demand during the w bolo season for greasy wools, of which a largo quantity has como Into tho market, and this class has ruled from OJd to 15(1 pei lb , according to condition, quality, and length of (staple Hie Customs clearances bax c been as foBow for tho \i etk ending- Lbs £ "Nox 22 . . 1,080,157 134 083 Nox 20 .. . 1,073,434 08,1(15 Pee 0 . 610,051 40,030 Kee 13 . 2,207,315 183,101 Dec 20. 408,001 20,180 6,900,218 401,419 Add prêtions shipments from Sept 20, to "sol IS, 1802 ¿,325,010 202,311 8,202,128 001,739 Til e follow ¡ng ships liai 0 clewed « Ith wool since our list -No\ omlior, 28, Lightning (Goolong), 4 372 hiles, IxoMiiibcr20, Princo of l\alcn, 1,858 bales, "December 2 Mar) Ann Vi fison, 1 84J bales , December 10, "William Duthlo, 2,015 bales, JJecombor 13, Cham j>lon of tlio Sons 5,6-7 bales December 17, Norfolk, 1,461 bales Total, 20,700 bales ilciBi'.s Coldsbroiigli nnd Co furnish the annexed lciort - ' V,ool -Tho buoiaiicy of tho markot, ro ) 01 ted in our last simimnn lins continued unabated to tho pro_»t dato, mid during tho wholo of tlio month thcro has been an nctlio demand foi wools of exeiy description, and moro especially for dioico 1 ( nilling sorts Our sales hal e been w oil attended, and loi tho bulk ot the lots hi ought forward competition lias been blink, icsulting in prices fully equal, and lu _ few Instances, superior, to thoso of 1 ust season It Is ex fdent that hil) or« aro operating under nn impresión ti at tlio continued scarelt) of cotton In tho homo nun set must causo oui staplo export to go Into lil- li oneil consumption, which would naturally causo un ndinnco In prices This tioiv of tlio cuso lins been confirmed bl oui latest nell lees from Xnr,lnnd, which state tlint, HIICO tho closing of the August series of sales, speeuliilli 0 purchases ha\o licen made at an athamo of about 2d per lb on tlio rates 1 tiling at those sales an apparently general im- pression being abroad that under an Increased demand xi ool must lulwtnio at the No1 rmher sales It te cor tam that unless such an athamo Is established at 1 ome, buyers will lind tint lliivhavc bought hero at too high rates iintljn eitbei cuso our friends tho wool Riowcrshoio ampio reason to ho satisfied with tlio pi ices realised iu this markot--many lots having boen plated at London August rates, leal ¡ii); no margin for tho bca\\) expenses of shipment 1 ho amount of busl noss dono miring the past month has not been equal to that of Its picdcccssor, in consequence «ii wools not coming in so frcoly Still It has been lan,ci than that of tho corresponding period of last ) car 1 Ight auction sales hal 0 beon bohl, at w Illili au aggregate of about l8 000 bales ha\ 0 boon < ffcrcd-\ 1? , 15,180 bales in Jlclboiirno, and about 2 000 hales In -colong Tlioaclual ouantiiysold «tall the sales has been, ns nearly as we can ascertain, 15,640 1K\ÍCS, our own sales alone by public auction 1 nd prh ate contract being about 0 200 hales Amongst, our píllalo sales tro seiend dioico clips from tlio Western Bistrlet, which wo hato placed at prices lenglngfiomls lid to 2s 2d per pound, tho latter price haling hoon obtain«) for six dlffcront lots Tlio following ships Iiaxo elcaicd during tho month, making tho total shipment« of this season s clip to cato 43,71" I bales-an Incrcaso o\ci tho coiro. spending peilod of hist )car of 0,100 bales - Ti 01 ember .8 t ightnlng, for London 4,372 balos Na xi_ilicr29, Prince of *t\ales for london, 1,868 bales; Deceniboi ", Mary Ann Wilson, for London, 1,837 huies , December 0, "Cooria Itoorla, for London, 3,(193 I nlcs, Decombcr IO, William Duthie, foi London, 1,C00 hales, December 13, Champion of the Seas for 1 ondon,5,537halo», December 10, Norfolk, for Lou- den, 1,461 bales-19,761 bales, shipments, October 2G to 2so>ember 25, 23,900bales, total to date, 43,753 laics Pricesetirront -Oreas)-Inferior to ordinary, 7d. to 8|d ordinary to niorago, Od to Hil , good to Mtiwrlor, lljd to Is 2d rieoco-Iuforlor to ci dinar), Is 3d to Is 6d , onllnary to ai orage, 1» Cd to Is 8d ; good to superior, Is 10i) to 2s. 2d hiour-d-Ordinär), Is _ gord, Is 3d to Is lOd , superior, 2s to 2s 3d Hides -Tlio hldo market continues without much animation, prices ruling about tho same as quoted last B.onth, 1 lu., good wet salted country, Os to 111 , town killed, los tolls Od , and largo lots, In ship 1 lug ordoi,12s to 14s ench Tlio following doirane»« Bai e been mudo during tho month -Dccciiibor2nil, >Imx Ann Wilson, 7,017 hides , December 6th, Koorii Mooria, 10 Oil hides, total, l8 281 hides Tallow - Ihe bulk of tho tallow coming forward being taken fur colon lal use, shipments to the horns market aro t cry miall Quotations aro-for beef, £30 to £38 , mixed, £.37 to £30, and mutton. £40 to £44 per ton Ship incuts oro-Princo of M ales, 80 casks , Marv Ann W11» >on, 26 casks, Norfolk, 12 casks, total, 117 casks " Lu K STOCK -Messrs DalmaliO) Campbell and Co j,iio the follow lug roport -"lat Cattle -Tho numboi offered this week amounted to073 head, a "roo por- tion of which woro in x cry good condltiou Tlio ap- proach of the Christmas holldajs caused considerable lirbk-css In tho demand, and sales of good and primo qualities baie boon effected at « further advance on the improvement lately quoted, whilst, owing to tlio moderate number offered, tbo market has been already cleared out Superior pens of bullocks hal e brought frcm £8 to £0, do cows, from £0 10s to £7, good btillc 10s.; _iddltng,hulloc_, from £4 to £5,' do. cows, from £S to £8 16s. ; inferior at a Blight advance on Jsto rates. Wo havo Bold 147 head, brought in by Mr." Bobert Edols, at an average of £7 Is. bullocks, £0 10s. cows. Fat Sheen.-A largo supply carno Torward, numbering 7,460 ; about an equal proportion of all qualities being exhibited. Wo can report tho result cf the sales as generally satisfactory, tho demand for first qualities especially being good. Primo heavy wethers havo brought from 13s. fld. to 14s. ; do. or- dinary weights, tram 12s. Gd to 13s. ; good quality do., ficm 11s. Od. to 12s. ; Inferior to second qualities, fiom 8s. Od. to Us. ; primo ewes, from 10s. to 11s. ; iccond quality do,, from 7s. .to 8s. fld. Wo havo sold Bowling's wethers (827), at from 11s. to 11s. Od. ; Kyle's do. (182), at 11s. 3d. ; Bobcrlson's (46), at 14s. wethers, Us. owes; and Clarke's ewes (180), at 8s. fid. Total sold hy us, 004. Fat Calve?. -165 head carno In. Sales wore effected at about late quotations. Frlmo quality from 80s. to 40s. ; ethers, from 16s. upwards. Wo sold Dr. Adams's (SO head) at an »vcrsgo of 22s. Od. Fat Lambs.-A vory forge number caine In, vi_, 2,202¡obout two-thirds of vi h Teh were of Inferior quality. Tho demand for the leBt lots was lory good, and a consldorablo advance was obtained for theso. Primo brought from 12s. to Its. Id. ; good do., from, 10s. to Us. ; second quality ('o., from 7s. to 0s. Inferior wcro dull of Bale at noml l al rates, 300 being turned out unsold. Wo havo sold Clarke's(03), In tho woô), at from 14s. 0d. to 16s. Id.; Co., shorn (70), nt 13s. ; Kyle's (l61), at from 6s. Od. to 7s. 9d. ; total sold by UB, 287." LABOUR -JlAitMST.-Thcro has been a steady inquiry for harvestmon and country labourers througnoit the 'week, at fully supported rates. Waiters, men cooks, ostlers, &c;, have, as usual about Christmas t mo, been Iii more than ordinary requlsll ion. Married couples havo been but moderately encaged, inquiries from tho country having temporarily decreased. Thoroughly competent f cmalo sorvonts aro in consldor obk> request, ond vory scarce, but fow being willing to engage until tho closo of tho Christmas holidays. Young women suited only for farm service aro in fair Inquiry, but dalrywomon aro moro Bought after. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. IB., BrltiBh ; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Oh., Chilian ; P., Portuguese", H., Hamburg; N,, Norwegian ; S., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Behr., Belgian ; Dr., Bremen ; Pr., l'ruwJan ; B., ship ; b., barque ; lir., brig ; se., schooner ; st., steamer.] Nov. ARRIVED. £7. Zephyr, A. b., 634, E. Lane, Foo-Chow-Foo. Fisher, Ricarda, and Co. 27\. Konlnklljko Ncderlands cho Yacht aub, D. b., 606, F, Ii Zacke, Rotterdam.-Joshua Brothers. 29\. Egeria, B. s., 1,000, J. Pollock, Liverpool.-Smith, Strachan, mid Co. S9. Helios, A. s., 004, R. 'Webster, San Francisco. Captain. ' Î9. Pom. 8. s., 008, C. A.Brandt, Geflc.-Joshu» Brothers. 20, Lady Ann, B. s., 688, J. Webb, Manilla.-J. Henty and Co. 20\. Australia, S. s., 000, P. A. Brandt, Gcfle_Joshua Brothers. 29\. Mallo Emolió, T. b., 300, J. Rozo, Foo-Chow-Foo. .- Grico, Sumner, and Co. £9. Governor General Dujmnor Von Twist. D. b., 423, C. E. llocksinan, Kotterdam.-Cleve Brothon and Co. Dec. i. Autocrat, A. s., 1,250, Burvvell, Boston.-Wilkin- son Brothers and Co. i. Henrietta Brewis, B. b., 270, W. Jackson, Cal- cutta.-Woolloy and Nephew. 4\. Samuel Appleton, A. s., 781, J. Osgood, Otago. Fisher, lllcards, and Co. 0\. Excellent, I), s., 1,221, T. Davies, Bluff Harbour, N.Z.-Smith, Strachan, and Co. 7\. Victoria, H.M.C. s.S., 7 guns, W. H. Normnn, Portland. 8\. Mary Scott, B. B., 710, G. H'Hardy, Ho Ho. Captain. I J). Bruce, B. s., 1,110, B. M-Flo, Otago.-Holmos, "White, and Co. I 0\. Ganges, B. B., 830, J. Nourso, London.-Dalgety and Co. j 10\. Alhanibrn, B. s.S., 1,050, J. R. Godfroy, Southamp- ton.-M'Mccknn, Blackwood, and Co. 10\. Prlnceza, Ii. s., 141, C. Smerdon, llauritlus.-R. and P. Turnbull and Co. 11\. Lansdowne, B. B., 716, S. Toovoy, London.-Smith, Strachan, and Co. l8. Bombay, H. s.S., 008, B. Mothvcn, Point do Gallo. -J. Sparkes. 13\. Joshua Bates, B. s., 600, li. E. Walker, Hong Kong.-Kong Mong and Co. l8. Eliza Blanch, B. br., 170, J. Grimes, Whampoa. Dalgety and Co. 15\. Kate Hooper, A. s., 057, E. P. Johnson, Hong Kong.-Kong Mongand Co. 16\. John Stephenson, B. b., 302, T. Weatlako, Foo Chovv-Foo.-Captain. 16\. Oscar, 8. b., 737, P. J. Wulff, Sodorham. Michaelis, Boyd, and Co. 16\. Lorenzo Sabine, B. b., 173, T. Devine, Sourabaya. — Young and Martin. 17\. Vortlgorn, II. B., D10, N. S. Ilcdstrom, Manilla. Douglass Do Little and Co. 18\. Kate Waters, B. l>., 6S0, J. Duncan, Newcastle, N.S.W.-Fanning, Nanklvo'l, and Co. 22\. Bed Jackit, B. s., 2,035, E. J. Allen, Llvorpool. Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 22\. Thooda, A.b., 27C, M. Sowall.Ncw York-Wil- kinson Brothers and Co. 22\. Spring Bok, B. b., 820, J. L. Shcelt, Adolaidc. Captain. CLKAHRD OUT. Nov. 26\. Ecliptic, F. b., 830, F. Lo Boauf, Mauritius.- | Joshua Brothers. 20\. Madras, 1). s.S., 600, J. B. Stead, Point de Galla J. Sparkes. 27\. Dcclmn, D. b" 416, n. Grovel, Batavia.-Gibbs,' Bonnld, and Co. S8. City of Mclbourno, B. s. 1,828, R. Jones, Otago. Bright Brother» and Co. , 28\. Greyhound, B. s., 1,410, J. Jackson, Pojnt do Gallo.-Bright Brothers and Co. ; i 28\. Water Njmph, B. s., 685, T. Stewart, Launceston. -Do Pa's Brothers and Co. 28\. Wllholmliio, S. b., 287, G. Stallncclit, Mauritius. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. , 20\. Lord Lyndhurst, B. s.. 6:0, R. n. Abbott, Hong Kong.-Captain. 20\. PrincoofWnles, B. s., 1,241, R. K. Deacon, Lon- don.-W. P. Whlto and Co. Dec. I. Pudol, li. h.,888, T. Kalekloson, Calcutta.-S. G. Henty. S. Mary Ann Wilson, B. s., 014, II. Smith, London. Michaelis, Boyd, and Co. 5\. Alfred, 11. P., 1,201, G. Tickell, Sydnoy.-W. P. "Whlto and Co. 3\. King or Algeria, B. s., 1,707, W. Smcllio, Point do Galio.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 3\. Shalimar, 11. s., 1,602, G. J. Hurloy, Auckland. Lorimer, Harwood, and Co. 4\. Boanerges, 11. s., 1,237, J. O. Dunn, Hong Kong. -Geo, Martin and Co. C. Commodore, B. s., 602, G. Dalgarno, Adolaido - Holmes, Whlto, and Co. «. Koonor, T>. h., 310, W. P. Karat, FIJI Islands. Bligh und Barbotólo, O. Torront, A. s., 674, It, Carloton, Otago.-Osborn, Cuilnnpr, and Co. 6\. Nor- Wester, A. s., 1,208, R. B. Atay, Otngo. Dodd and Thomson. 8\. Brlstolcan, B. B., 804, R. Keats, Akyab.-J. Honly nnd Co, 8\. Sirocco, B. s., 1,134, L. A. Borryman, Ljttloton, N.Z.-Bright Brothors and Co, 10\. Carollno, N. b., 393, II. ¿latthleBon, TomC SrCulloch, Sellar, and Co. 10\. Muscato, B. b., 831, - Dovaux, Mauritius.-Dick- son and Williams. 10\. Minna, Br. br.. 210, O. H. Muller, Adelaide.-Fan- ning, Nankivell, and Co. i i 10\. "William Duthlo, B. s., 008, J, Duthio, London.-^ Dalgety and Co. li: Almora, B. s., 1,108. T. Williams, Bombay.-LoJ rimer, Marwood, and Co. , . 1 II. Henrietta Elizabeth Susanne. D. b., 390, A. Moy bourn, Nowcostle.-Bligh and narbettle. 32, Chomplon of tho Seas, I), s., 1.040, J. M. Outrlilgo, London.-Bright Brothers and Co. 12\. St. Gcrmalno. F. b.,-410, A. Sabouroau, Sydnoy. Curclcr and Adct. . 32\. Zephyr, A. b., 418, E. Lano, Sydnoy.-Fishor, lllcards, and Co. 33\. St. Magnus, B. b., 289, R. Harrowon, Nowcastlo N.B.W.-Wtlliain Duthlo. 1C. Bomhny, II. s.S., 008, R. Methven, Sydnoy.-J. Sparkes. 3B. Wallaco, B. s., 1,112, J. Whlto, Guam.-Bright Brothers and Co. 30\. Arundel, B. s., 1,240, W. Broadfoot, Guam. Smith, Strachan, and Co. 36\. Santiago, A. b., 431, J. Howson, Otago.-Reid, Poolo, and Co. 37\. Bonphorus, B. b., 320, J. Ollard, Adolaido.-Wool- ley and Nophow. 37\. Norfolk, B. s., 068, B. Tonkin, London.-W. P. Whlto and Co. . - - 38\. Autocrat, A. s., 1,001, A. II. Burwoll, Guam. Wilkinson Brothers and Co. 30\. Samuel Appleton, A. a., 781, J. Osgood, Otago, N.Z.-Simpson and Nollioy. 39\. Excellent, B. s., 1,212, T. Davies, Bluff Harbour, N.Z.-Smith,.Strachan, and Co. 20\. Marlo Amolle, F. b., 238, O. Rozo, Colombo.-Cap. tain. 22\. Aldivallooli, B. b., 332, G. Lovio, Guam.-M'For lanandCo. ' "WOOL SHIPS SAILED SINOE OUR LAS! I SUMMARY. Date of| Ship. Destination. Bales. Sailing. Nov. 30 Prince or Wales .. London .. .. 1,868 Dec. Il Lightning London .. 4,372 ,. J2 Mary Ann Wilson. London .. .. 1,843 " W William Duthie .. London .. .. 2,015 " 12 Cliatnplon of Soaa. London .. 6,617 ., 16 Koorta Moorta .. London .. 8,043 » « 1 Norfolk .. London .. 1,461 PASSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND ] BYjAND SINCE THE DEPARTURE OF] f THE NOVEMBER MAIL. 1 I Nov. 20. , ' ' Madras, R.M.S.8., tor l'oint do Gallo. Saloon Messrs! Hudson, Black, and Phillips, for Point de Gnlle; Mr. and Misses (two) Furlong», Mr. and Mrs] , Meiklejohn and family, for Bombay ; Mr. and Mrs Ccokson, and Mr. O. Ward, for Alexandria ; Mastoi A. Barclay and Mr. Woodville, for Marseilles ; Mr. j] It. Murphy for Southampton, j r-, Nov. 80. I Trinco of Wales, for London. Cabin : Mr. and Mrs, Bitchcock, family, and sonant, Mr. Hoylo, Mr. Cook .. man, child, and servant ; Mr. Walker, Mr. Busman, I Mr. Rostron, Mr. L. Rostron, Miss Quain, Master Fur' I lorgc, Miss Furlonge, and servant. , Due. 10. ; William Duthlo, for London. Passengers : Mr. and , Mrs. Watt and two children, Mrs. Irolond, foul , children, and servant ; Mrs. Honey, Captain Lawron , len, Mr. Alngato, Miss Hood, and Mr. Curio, in the cabin. I DEC. 14. Champion of tho Seas, Mr. Uccehman, Mrs. Bride, in tho cabin, \ DEO. 19. 1 Norfolk, for London. Cabin ; Mr. Macrcady, Mrs. I Marsh, Miss Marsh, Mr. and Mrs. Ellis, Dr. Story 1 Mrs. Story, Mastors Coinyns (two), Master Howe 1 Mr. «nd Mrs, Tripp, family, and servant, Mrs. Head. 