OAKBANK SCHOOLS.—On Thursday, December 20, Mr. Whitfield's school, and Mrs. Smith's infant school, united in a grand picnic on the section belonging to Mr. C. Lauterbach, north of Woodside. The Trus- tees of Oakbank school and many of the children's friends accompanied them on this pleasure trip in six waggons and other vehicles. The day was pleasurably fine as to weather, and both old and young seemed to really enjoy themselves. Including all ages, there could not have been less than 120 persons present, who, more or less, joined in the various athletic and other amuse- ments heartily, as well as their general attack upon the good things provided for the occasion. The Kirwin Mines.—We were shown this week a large collection of very valuable specimens of various descriptions of ore from the Kirwan mines near Mount Craig. This property is situated about 65 miles north of Port Augusta, and consists altogether of eight sections; one at Harkaby, one at Matwaringarla, and six at Warcowie. It is in the hands of 12 or 14 gentlemen who have been working it on their own account. The specimens which form the subject of the present notice are intended for the Great Exhibition of All Nations of 1862, and will be shipped to England, we understand, per Great Britain. They are now in the possession of the Messrs. Tuxford. In all they weigh about a ton, and consist chiefly of green and blue carbo- nates, and silver and grey oxides. One magnificent block of the latter ore which we saw weighed is nearly a hundredweight and a half, and is a magnificent speci- men, containing, we are informed, about 45 per cent. of copper. With a plentiful supply of such "nuggets" the Company ought to realise good dividends. WESTMORELAND MINING COMPANY.—A meeting of the Shareholders in the above Company was held at Mr. R. B. Colley's office, on Wednesday, the 8th instant. There were seven shareholders present. Mr. W. C. Crane was voted to the chair. The balance- sheet was read, showing a balance of £279 to be divided. The balance-sheet was adopted. It was then moved, seconded, and carried unanimously, that the affairs of the Company should be wound up, and the balance in hand divided, amounting to £3 2s. to each shareholder who had paid £10. The meeting then separated. Passengers per "Blackwall."—Amongst the passengers for England, per Blackwall, are some old and well-known colonists, some of whom are visiting the mother country after a long absence, as well as some native youths, who have never seen the land of their fathers. Of the former there are Mr. Williams, of the Hermitage, Mr. and Mrs. Mellor, Mr. Singleton, and his son, Mr. McCulloch, sheepfarmer; and of the latter there are Mr. T. Oldham, of Kapunda, and Master Frank Dutton, son of Mr. F. S. Dutton, M.P., and Master Alexander Buchanan, son of Mr. A. Bucha- nan, J.P., of Anlaby. The Weather.—Tuesday, the 14th, was undoubtedly the hottest day which we have had during the season. The sun was powerful in the extreme, and in addition there was a strong scorching wind blowing from the north, and clouds of dust filled the air. The heat at Muirhead's corner was registered as follows:— 10 a.m., 105° 5' ; 12 (noon), 110° ; 2 p.m., 114° ; 4 p.m., 112. At 3 p.m. the thermometer had reached 115°. In several offices which we visited, where water was copiously used for cooling purposes, the instrument indicated a temperature of from 90° to 95°, and where no artificial means for cooling were adopted, it was over 100°. The following table exhibits the maximum temperature of the air (in the shade), and maximum temperature (as shown by a blackened bulb thermo- meter in vacuo), recorded at the Adelaide Observatory, since January 3. The thermometer being about 5 feet 6 inches above the surface of the ground, and away from all buildings:— (*) Max. lost: thermometer disturbed by wind.—The max. air thermometer was inadvertently not set on the morning of the 10th, so that the max. temp. was lost on that day. The solar thermometer was found at 160° (the max.) when read off at 6 p.m.; but I think the instrument must have been disturbed, as the day was much clouded, and not oppressively hot; though it is possible that the temperature in the sun may have been as high as 160° for a short time about noon. The thermometer is remarkably sensitive, and a few seconds' sunshine would suffice to raise it to the actual temperature of the sun's rays. School Examination, Kensington.—On Friday, the 20th inst., the pupils attending the schools of Mr. and Mrs. Baigent, Kensington, were examined by the Rev. E. A. Jenkins and Mrs. Jenkins. There were upwards of 120 children present, and several of their parents, together with friends of the institution. The whole school was examined in English history, geography, grammar, parsing, dictation, and arithmetic. The readiness and accuracy with which the answers generally were given clearly proved that no pains or attention had been spared on the part of their instruc- tors. At the close of the examination several pieces were recited by the pupils in a very creditable manner, when handsome prizes were awarded, and the children regaled with cakes. The visitors were most hospitably and kindly entertained by Mr. and Mrs. Baigent. The Primitive Methodists.—This body held their Sunday School Anniversary at Kooringa, on December 22nd and 26th. Excellent sermons were preached in the morning and evening by the Rev. J. Standrin, resident minister, and in the afternoon by the Rev. W. Davidson. On Thursday, 26th, the teachers and children, headed by a goodly staff of musicians who volunteered their services, marched in procession through the streets, and on returning to the Chapel, the children were regaled with buns, tea, nuts, and lollies; and the public tea and meeting which closed the proceedings were a real success. A few recitations were given by the children, and stirring addresses fol- lowed on the subject of Sunday Schools, by Messrs. Godson and Davidson (Presbyterians), and J. Standrin; Captain Skews occupied the chair. The proceeds of the anniversary amounted to £60 2s. 6d., being a conside- able advance on those of former years. Dinner to Employees of Railway Goods Department.—On Monday evening last, December 30, a dinner was given by Messrs. Henry Hill & Co., railway goods contractors, to the officials and men in their employ, on the occasion of their entering on the new contract as railway agents. The dinner came off at the Railway Hotel, Port Adelaide, and was an excel- lently well got up affair, fully sustaining the reputation of Mr. and Mrs. E. Bailey. The large room was taste- fully decorated with flags, evergreens, and appropriate mottoes, and there was a very large company present; over 80 sat down to dinner. The chair was occupied by Mr. C. S. Hare, Manager of Railways, who was sur- rounded by Messrs. H. Hill, G. Mills, contractors, and a number of the railway goods officers; the vice-chair being occupied by Mr. John Vautin, the new partner in the firm of H. Hill & Co. After justice had been done to the ample supply of viands, the Chairman gave the "Health Of the Queen," which was drunk with enthusiasm, after which, in a few appropriate remarks, the "Health of His Excellency Sir Richard Graves MacDonnell," which was received with hearty cheers; Mr. Jas. Young next gave "The Parliament of South Australia." The Chairman then proposed "The Trading Firm of Messrs. Henry Hill & Co., consisting of Messrs. Henry Hill, G. Mills, and John Vautin. The Chairman, re- ferred to the honor he felt at being their guest, and the respect and confidence he had in them. He had frequent opportunities of judging of them, and must say he had known them long and loved them well; it was pleasing to see masters and servants thus met toge- ther. He also referred to the able manner in which the late contract had been carried out, and had no doubt the present contract (although done a little more cheaply) would be carried out to the satisfaction of both the Go- vernment and the public. Mr. Hill in reply expressed his happiness in meeting them, and hoped their friend- ship would long continue. They had, he was afraid, spoken more highly of him than he deserved. He was glad the conduct of the late firm had given satisfac- tion, and hoped the slight change with the assistance of those present would enable them to carry out the pre- sent contract to the satisfaction of all concerned. It was pleasant when men and masters worked together; he would give them three principles for their guidance — first, civility to all in every transaction; secondly, truthfulness, which would always stand the test; thirdly, be honest; and he feared not the result, and hoped their motto would be onward. Mr. Mills proposed " The Health of the Employés of the Firm," to which Mr. C. R. Darton responded, and then presented to Mr. H. Hill and Mr. C. Mills, each a very handsome tankard of emu's eggs, mounted very, tastefully in silver, and manufactured by Mr. Wendt, goldsmith, Adelaide; a similar tribute being reserved for presentation to Mr. R. Fuller, member of the late firm. On each of the tankards was the following in- scription:—"Presented to _________ of the Firm of H. R. Fuller and Co., South Australian Railway Agents, by the officers in their employ, as a mark of respect and esteem. December 28th, 1861." Mr. Darton then read the following memorials:— "To Henry Hill, Esq., of the firm of H. R. Fuller & Co. "Dear Sir — We, the officers in your employ, actuated by feelings of profound respect and esteem, desire to congratu- late you on the termination of your successful contract as South Australian Railway Agent; and beg you will accept the small token accompanying this address as a lasting tribute of our gratitude and regard. "Wishing you every prosperity in all your future private and public undertakings, "We subscribe ourselves yours very truly, "C. R. Darton | W. Sealey "T. Woods | J. V. Eimen "David Kirkman | J. E. Newman "Thomas Cherry | J. A. Morgan "George Wood | T. Sims "J. Newson | J. Elery "W. Bennett | W. Channons "J. R. Fuller | Geo. Drewett. "South Australian Railway Goods Department, Adelaide, December 28, 1861." "To Henry Hill, Esq., Port Adelaide. "Dear Sir — We the undersigned, officers and foreman in the goods department of the South Australian Railway, desire to offer our warmest congratulations upon your having obtained the contract for agency and the management of the merchandise traffic for the ensuing four years, and to give expression to the real gratification such success affords us. "The majority of those whose signatures are adhibited hereto have had the honor and pleasure of your acquaintance many years, during which you were a member of the late firm of H. R. Fuller & Co., the former cantractors; and are unanimous in bearing testimony to the uniform kindness and gentlemanly bearing you have at all times evinced towards them, and which has caused them to regard you as much in the light of a friend as an employer; and had it so happened that you had ceased to be connected with the Railway, we should have parted with you with feelings of unfeigned regret. We can therefore, with every degree of truthfulness and emphasis, say that we heartily wish you uninterrupted success. "We feel confident that prosperity awaits you, and that should it please the Almighty to give you health you will con- duct and carry out the work you have undertaken in such a manner as will afford entire satisfaction to the Government and to the public generally. "We feel, Sir, that much might be added to what has already been said, but consideration and respect for your feelings induce us to forbear. We content ourselves with these expressions of our sentiments, and trust that you, with your dear wife and family, may enjoy the blessings of health, peace, and plenty. "We have the pleasure to subscribe ourselves, "Faithfully yours, "Charles R. Darton | George Wood "J. E. Newman | J. R. Fuller "Thomas Wood | Thomas Cherry "W. Sealy | R. Keal "F. Newton | Henry Forward "J. Linn | J. Von Einem "W. S. Bennett | J. Morgan "George Drewett | D. Kirkman "W. Channon | J. Eley "P. Cheeseman "Goods Department, South Australian Railway, "December 30, 1861." The Chairman expressed his delight that this tribute should be done in this kind manner. A special train being about to start, the Chairman vacated his seat to proceed by it to town, when the chair was taken by Mr. J. Vautin. Mr. Vautin proposed "Prosperity to South Australia," alluding at some length to her prospects, and said they would compare favorably with those of the other colonies, and also alluding to his new sphere of action, which the prospects of the colony would lead to further extension. He concluded an appropriate speech amidst loud cheers. "Prosperity to the Railways of South Australia" was also proposed; after which Mr. Walters proposed "The Ladies," coupling with it the name of Mrs. H. Hill, which was responded to by Mr. T. Cherry. Mr. Vautin proposed "The Press," the representatives present acknowledging the toast. The "Host and Hostess" toasts were given and duly responded to. The evening was enlivened by several very excellent songs, the company enjoying themselves until a late hour. RARA AVIS.—A cage of most remarkable parrots may now be seen at the Norfolk Arms, Rundle- street. They are all this season's birds, and were taken from the same nest in the neighbourhood of Willunga. There were originally four birds, two of them being the common green or "grass parrots," and two of the most beautiful canary yellow, having a few brilliant blood red feathers at the insertion of the beak, and white throat feathers encircled by a fine ring of red. There are now one of the green and the two yellow birds; the latter being amongst the most elegant of the parrot tribe we have ever seen, and we believe none like them have ever been known in the colony before. Strange to say they were the offspring of a pair of common grass parrots; they are of the full size of the parent birds and are remarkably tame. New Map of Australia.—Mr. Proeschel, already known to the public of South Australia as a geographer, has just completed a new and very comprehensive map of South Australia. The map for- merly prepared by Mr. Proeschel was full of inaccuracies, and was, indeed, a very unsatisfactory affair, but the present, so far as we can judge from a hasty inspection, is of a totally different character. It includes an im- mense amount of information and is got up with great care. Mr. Proeschal has been a long time engaged in its preparation, and has availed himself freely of the various official maps in the Survey Office. He has already published maps of Victoria and New South Wales on a similar scale, and his labors have met with high encomiums from the leading journals of those colo- nies. We believe that the new map of South Australia will supply a want that has been long and extensively felt. School Fete.—On Wednesday, New Year's Day, the children belonging to Mount Lofty, Stirling, and Bridgewater Sabbath end Day Schools, together with their parents and friends, numbering altogether about 500 persons, were entertained at Woodhouse, Cox's Creek, near Mount Lofty, the residence of His Honor Chief Justice Hanson, and to judge by the happy and smiling faces, both of entertainers and entertained, we should conclude all were highly pleased. The children assembled about two o'clock in front of the house, and, after singing a hymn, an address was read by one of the Mount Lofty Sabbath School scholars, and replied to by His Honor, who expressed his pleasure at again meeting them, thanking them for their good wishes, and hoped they would enjoy themselves very much in the pleasure ground and woods at the side of the house; accordingly, after a tour round the garden, headed by His Honor, they proceeded to the pleasure- grounds, where, as at last year, were found abundant means of amusement, cricket, swings, &c.;, and pre- parations for tea on a grand scale. After partaking of tea to their utmost satisfaction, and a good game, they assembled once more in front of the house, where, after singing a school hymn, the Rev. J. Allen returned thanks to the entertainers in the name of the teachers, scholars, and friends. His Honor replied, it gave him much happiness to entertain them, and hoped to see them all again next year. Cheers were then given for His Honor & Mrs. Hanson, for Messrs. Cobbledick, Noices, and others who had assisted at the sports, and the children took their leave, but not all to return home, as many reassembled and continued their sports till a late hour, by the aid of a huge bonfire lighted for the occasion. DEMONSTRATION IN HONOR OF MR. MELLOR. —On Monday Mr. Mellor, the machine-maker, who has been in the colony for nearly 22 years, embarked with Mrs. Mellor on board the Blackwall, for England. His workmen, being anxious to testify their respect, begged permission to accompany him to the Port. This being granted, they hired two omnibusses and two carts, and, to the number of about 70 men and boys, followed Mr. Mellor and his family, who preceded them in a dogcart and buggy, along Weymouth-street and down King William-street and Hindley-street to the Port. On arriving there they presented Mr. Mellor with a hand- some cup formed from an emu's egg and elegantly mounted with silver. The cover, which was formed of part of the egg, had a silver kangaroo for a handle. The stem was composed of a vine in solid silver, the branches twining round the bottom of the cup held it in its place. At the base of the pedestal were shown the kangaroo and emu and branches of oak and vine, on which sat two doves having olive branches in their beaks. A silver shield was let in at the side of the cup, having a suitable inscription. This beautiful cup was presented to Mr. Mellor by one of his workmen in the name of the rest. In doing so he made an appropriate speech, to which Mr. Mellor rallied in feeling terms. The men all went on board the Young Australian, where they drank Mr. and Mrs. Mellor's good health; and on parting they gave three hearty cheers. MASONIC PRESENTATION.—On Tuesday even- ing, January 14, a Grand Lodge was held at the Masonic Hall, White's Room, on the occasion of the presentation by the brethren of the United Tradesmen's Lodge of a Past Master's jewel to Past Master Downer. The jewel had been manufactured by Mr. Firnhaber, of Hindley-street, and was of solid colonial gold, having at the bottom the Australian arms. The inscription is as follows:—" Presented to Brother Henry Edward Downer, P.M. of the United Tradesmen's Lodge No. 853 by the Brethren of the Lodge for his valuable ser- vices as P.M. during the years 1859, 1860, and 1861." After the presentation about 40 brethren sat down to a sumptuous supper catered for by Mr. Aldridge. The arrangements were all made in a most satisfactory manner and universal praise was accorded to the host. Of course the proceedings are not such as to be reported, the sayings and doings at all Masonic gatherings being secret; suffice it to say however that a long evening was spent in pleasing conviviality. THE HARWICH.—It is somewhat remarkable the course from England to the colonies is usually sailed over in less time by shipmasters who have previously made the voyage. Captain Franklin arrived on Sunday with the Harwich, after a passage of 82 days from the land, and a glance at his course on the chart shows that he has been further south than usual. Indeed, into such cold latitudes was the vessel making her passage that icebergs were seen of an enormous size, and to those who had never seen such before, they were spectacles of great interest and beauty. The passages of the Harwich have been very regularly performed, especially when it is stated she has no extraordinary sailing preten- sions. Her last trip to England was completed in 100 days, having left the Lightship on April 15, 1861, and, after strong southerly gales from Backstairs Passage, she passed the meridian of Hobart Town on the 29th of the same month. She was then favored by westerly winds, and rounded Cape Horn on May 27, and, having fallen in early with the S.E. trades she made the run thence to the equator in 22 days, and subsequently reached London on July 27. The present voyage out has not been marked by any remarkable occurrence. She left the Downs on the 17th October, and in consequence of the N.E. trades being scant, she was over the usual time to Tristin d'Acuna, which island was sighted on December 5th. When on the line 36 vessels were in company, and during the month of November very frequent notices of vessels spoken appear in the log-book as follows:—Nov. 6, the Glamorgan, from Swansea, to Coquimbo, 27 days out; Nov. 7, William Pindi, from London to Penang; Nov. 10, Mary Black, from Liverpool to Bonny; Nov. 11, Imogen, from Liverpool to Pernambuco, 26 days out; Nov. 14, Royal Bride from London to Sydney, 38 days out; Nov. 14, Danston, from London to Sydney, 37 days out; Nov. 15, Fritz and Antin, from Glasgow to Rio; Nov. 15, Soldhana, from London to Queensland, 34 days out; Nov. 15, Hanover, from Gottenburg to Algoa Bay, 42 days out; Nov. 15, Celestria, from Cardiff, 42 days out; Nov. 22, Janet Phillips, from Bahia to Liverpool; Nov. 24, Vor- tegein, from London to Melbourne, 49 days out; Nov. 28, Kent, from Melbourne to London, 43 days out; Nov. 30, Pantolem, from Liverpool to Singapore, 64 days out; Nov. 30, Queen of the Clyde, from London to Melbourne, 60 days out; Dec. 2, Salario, from Nantes to Point de Galle, 63 days out. THE CLARAMONT.—The London pilot left the above ship on the 16th October, and during the voyage out, in conse- quence of meeting with light variable and unsteady winds, the vessel's progress has been considerably retarded, although the passage was completed in less than the average number of days. Captain McIntosh has on several occasions visited the colonies, having been at Adelaide last in charge of the Oriental—a ship which brought out immi- grants. The following vessels have been communicated with during the voyage:—On November 11, in lat. 6.51 N., long. 24.55 W., signalled the American ship Edward, from Liverpool to Calcutta; on November 14, in lat. 6.21 N., long. 24.38 W., signalled the barque Victoria, from London, 30 days out, bound to Kurrachee; on Novem- ber 15, in lat. 5.2 N., long. 25.41 W., the Danish ship George F. Hulbert, from Cardiff, bound to Monte Video, 42 days out; on November 16, in lat. 3.6 N., long. 2.27 W., the ship Nepal, from Cardiff, and the ship Lobelia, outward bound, destination unknown; on November 19, in lat. 3.31 S., long. 31.4 W., the British barque Brothers, 41 days out, from London, bound to Buenos Ayres; on Novem- ber 25, in lat. 21.6 S., long. 28.23 W., signalled the Dutch barque Shoonderloo, from Rotterdam, bound to Batavia, 56 days out; same day, the British barque Granton, from London, 45 days out, bound to Cape Town; on December 3, in lat. 31.12 S., long. 20.49 W., the Dutch barque Herman, outward bound; on December 15, in lat. 37.30 S., long. 12.30 E., spoke the brig Bertha, from Bergen, bound to Hong- kong, 97 days out; on December 21, in lat. 30.43 S., long. 34.7 E., the British barque Chillingham, 75 days out, from London, bound to Madras. THE ST. DUNSTAN.—The time occupied by the St. Dun- stan in clearing the English Channel was 21 days, conse- quently when this is considered her chance of making a smart passage was lost by such detention. She was 60 days to the line, having after leaving the Channel experienced unusually fine weather, which is reported to have predomi- nated during the passage until passing the longitude of Cape Leuwin, since which period it has been unsettled. —————— BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, AND DEATHS. BIRTHS. ROBERTSON.—On the 27th December, at Pulteney- street, the wife of Mr. Alexander Robertson, coachmaker, of a daughter. ADAMSON.—On the 1st January, at Angas-street, Mrs. A. Adamson, of a daughter. ACRAMAN.—On the 1st January, at Parkside, the wife of John Acraman, Esq., of a daughter. STACY. — On January 6th, at Nona Cottages, North Adelaide, the wife of Mr. R. S. Stacy, of a son. RANDELL.—On the 28th December, at Wentworth, Darling Junction, the wife of Mr. W. R. Randell, of a MURRAY.—On the 9th November, at 13, Northwick- terrace, Maida-hill, London, the wife of Mr. William Murray, C.E., of Adelaide, South Australia, of a son. ASHWIN.—On the 10th January, at St. John's Wood, Adelaide, Mrs C. F. G. Ashwin, of a daughter. LONGBOTTOM.—On the 18th of January, at Home Park, Magill, Mrs. W. Longbottom, of a daughter. HARRIS.—On the 18th of January, at Port Adelaide, Mrs. Edwin Harris, of a son. GREY.—On the 17th of January, at Gouger-street, Adelaide, the wife of Mr. William Grey, of a daughter. NIALL.—On the 21st of January, at Glenelg, Mrs. James Niall, of a son. MARRIED. NASON—DAWSON.—On Thursday, December 26th, at St. Luke's Church, by the Rev. J. Pollitt, George Stephen, eighth son of Edward Nason, Esq., surgeon, Nuneaton, Warwickshire, to Charlotte, fourth daughter of Mr. William Dawson, of Walkerville, North Adelaide. PROUT —THOMAS.—On the 30th December, at the resi- dence of Mr. F. W. Thomas, Grenfell-street, by the Rev. Spencer Williams, Mr. George Prout, of Amherst, Victoria, to Louisa, youngest daughter of Mr. Henry Thomas, Kensing- ton Park. WHYTE—HODGE.—On the 1st of January, at Woodville, William, third son of William Whyte, Kinross, Scotland, to Emily, only daughter of Matthew Henry Hodge, of Woodville. GREER—SANTO.—On the 17th December, at the resi- dence of the bride, by the Rev. Spencer Williams, Mr. J. S. Greer, to Mary Maynard, eldest daughter of P. Santo, Esq., M.P., Grote-street, Adalaide. THOMPSON—HIERN.—On the 7th January, at Christ Church, North Adelaide, by the Venerable Archdeacon Woodcock, Mr. James Thompson, to Julia Anna, second daughter of the late Rev. Henry Hiern, L.L.B., formerly Rector of Stoke Rivers, Devonshire, England. ALLAN—RAWLINS.—On January 11, by licence, at Christchurch, North Adelaide, by the Ven. Archdeacon Woodcock, Mr. George Allan to Sarah Ann Rawlins, of London. MURRAY—UMMING.—On the 20th of January, at Craigbum, Coromandel Valley, by the Rev. Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Alexander Murray, Jun., to Elizabeth, daughter of Mr. Peter Cumming. NEWMAN—CHAMBERS.—On the 21st of January, at St. Paul's Church, by the Rev. Canon Russell, of Adelaide, Elizabeth, eldest daughter of James Chambers, Esq., of North Adelaide, to John Holden, son of John Newman, Esq., of Woodville, formerly of Finmere, Oxon, youngest son of John Newman, Esq., of Finmere, for many years Deputy Lieutenant of the county of Bucks. SWAN—HAY.—On the 23rd of January, at St. Matthew's Church, Kensington, by the Rev. Edmund Jenkins, Mr. Henry C. Swan, to Sophie Elizabeth Hay, grandaughter of Henry Mildred, Esq., M.P., of this province. DIED. FOREMAN.—On Tuesday, December 24, at Willunga Jane Foreman, the eldest daughter of Richard and Alice Polkinghorne, formerly of Breague, Cornwall. KENT.—On December 26, at Tynte-street, North Adelaide, Margaret Pauline, youngest child of Mr. Thomas Kent, aged 3½ years. LAMBELL.—On December 25, Mr. Richard Lambell, of Hindley- street, aged 55 years, an old and respected colonist of 23 years. STACY.—On Sunday, 29th December, of measles, Emily Florence, aged one year and ten months, youngest daughter of W. J. S. Stacy, 46, Rundle-street. SOLOMON.—On the 2nd January, of hydrocephalus, Hannah, daughter of Mr. A. J. Solomon, of Gilles Arcade aged five years. LAWTON.—On the 4th January, at the residence of her son, Mr. Thomas Lawton, Walters-street, North Adelaide, Elizabeth, relict of the late Edward Lawton, formerly of Lawton, Cheshire, aged 59 years. Her end was peace. NEWBY.—On the 4th January, Robert G. Newby, saddler, Norwood, aged 57. Much respected by all who knew him. ANDREWS.—On the 8th January, at Lefevre-terrace North Adelaide, in her 72nd year, Elizabeth, relict of the late Walter Boyd Andrews, Esq., M.C., of Western Aus- tralia. HILLIER.—On the 9th January, at her residence, Dor- setta-terrace, Adelaide, Mrs. Jane Hillier, formerly of Brighton, in this province, and relict of the late Mr. John Hillier, of Marlborough, Wilts, England, aged 61 years. HILL.—On January 7th, Mr. Alfred Hill, aged 63 years. Friends will please accept of this notice. SCOTT.—On January 8, at Salisbury, Donald Scott McDonald, youngest son of Mr. T. Scott. BLYTH.—On the 5th November, at Edinburgh, in the 78th year of her age, Mrs. William Blyth, widow of the late William Blyth, Esq., formerly of this province. PAPPS.—On the 12th January, the wife of Mr. W. R. Papps, Rundle-street, and mother of Mrs. J. Kemp Penney BAKEWELL.—On the 14th September, on board the Sebastian, on her voyage to England, when near the Island of St. Helena, Frederick Arthur, infant son of Mr. Samuel Bakewell, North Adelaide. KELLY.—On the 15th January, at her residence, Nor- wood, Mrs. Margaret Kelly, aged 74 years. WOOD.—On the 10th January, at Robe Town, Thomas Wood, Esq., late of Murra Binna, South-Eastern District, in the 53rd year of his age, deeply lamented by a large circle of friends. KELLY.—On the 15th January, at her residence, Norwood, Margaret Kelly, relict of the late James Kelly, Esq.. manufacturer, Glasgow, aged 74 years. P: — Max. temp. of air. | Max. in sun. January 3 " 5 ? 6 " 7 o ? 9 " 11 12 13 " 14 Max. temp. of air. ... 91 ? 8' ... ... 102 8 ... ... 105 8 ... ... 93 1 ... ... 99 1 ... ... 110 0 ... ... 115 0 ... ... 88 3 ... ... 101 0 ... ... Ill 2 ... ... 115 0 ... Max. in can. ... 137 ?5* ... 147 fi ... 156 5 ... 142 7 ... 144 2 ... 156 0 '.'.'. 133 6 ... 149 3 ... 159 G .- 166 0 