SUMMARY for EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The news of the month contains no item of prominent importance. In politics, wo have only to note that the Mi- nistry appears still to have a secure tenure of office. It commands considerable majorities on all the important points of its declared policy ; and it has suc- ceeded in converting many of its late opponents. The Land Bill is progressing safely through the Lower House, and may now be considered as beyond danger. The clauses providing the mode of alienation and the conditions of settlement, have been passed with very little alteration. They propose, as we have before de- scribed, that any man may take up an allotment to the extent of 640 acres, within the reserved Bgrieultural area of 10,000,000 acres, upon payment of a pound an acre-a moiety of the purchase money to be paid in eight yearly annual instalments, at his pleasure. Eights of oommonnge are freely granted for tho convenience of tbe miners and of inhabit- ants of towns within five miles of all townships, and in, any agricultural area of which one-fourth may have been sold. The portion of the bill relating to the squatters' tenure over the territory not included within the agricultural areas, is that whioh has provoked the most formidable opposition ; and Ministers havo made a concession, by whioh tho issue of pastoral licences is restricted to a period of ten years. Amendments wero proposed by Mr. Ser- vice, limiting the period to three, five, or seven years, on conditions providing for the futuro subdivision and reletting of the pastoral runs, but they were not successful. The proposal to restriot tho period to thrco years was negatived by a majority of eight, after a long and keen debate ; and another, to mako tho ierm seven, instead of ten, was thrown out by the narrow majority of ono. These decisions, on the most debatable point of tho bill, virtually insure the success of the Ministerial measure, at least so far as the Lower House is con- cerned. A measure of hardly less importance totheoountryhas been passed through all its prinoipal stages ir< the sam" House ;u spito of the opposition of Government. It is the Torrens Real Property Bill, as introduced by Mr. Service. Put off, on various not very orcditablo pretexts by tho Government lawyers, so strong waB the feeling of tho House and of the country in its favour, that tho Ministry had at length to give way, and the bill was carried through a seoond reading and oommittco in one night, tho House beÎDg content to read only the marginal notes of the clauses. The bill is looked forward to with great interest, as tho most simple and effective measure yet devised for facilitating the transfer of real estates, and for removing some of the present intolerable evils of the law aud practice of oonvoyanoing. On tho question of state eduoation, the Ministry has shown itself either hoBtilo or indifferent to the popular feeling, and to the views of a largo majority in the House. Whilo there is a general desire for the amalgamation of the present two systems into one national soheme of scoular edu- cation, the Ministry, at the in- stance of the Chief Seoretary, insists upon making it a question of "oon " soionoo ;" and will do nothing to carry out the wishes of the people. The colony has been greatly agitated during the last month, and until the arrival of the January mail, with anti- cipations of a war between England and America. Tho non-arrival of the De- cember mail added to the anxioty whioh was felt on the score of tho intelligence whioh was expeoted by this opportunity. Fragments of tho news came dropping in from various quarters, serving only to tantalize the publio ouriosity, with- out appeasing it. The affair of tho Trent was received hero with a degree of exoitement corresponding to tho loyalty of our oolonists> and their interest in all that affects the honour of England. The surrender of the Southern commissioners was first reported by way of San Francisoo, but it was not until the arrival of the mail, with dates to tho 31st of January, that the oolony was Í assured that the danger of war was at an end. The missing steamer Bombay has since reached Melbourne, from Mau- ritius, with the mails of Deoember. Tho death of tho Prince Consort has beenreooivodwithoprofoundfeclingof sor- row by all olasses of this oommunity. The Governor's request for a general mourn- ing haB been acceded to with remark- able unanimity j and Parliament lost no time in paying the proper marks of respeofc to tno Prinoo'a memory, by ad- journing its sitting immediately on the reoeipt of tho sad intelligence, and by agreeing upon addrcsics of oondolenoe to our beloved Queen and bereaved Sovereign. At the dato of our last summary, tho December mail from Bnglnnd had not reached our shores, and tbo Australian colonies, were thus left in ignorance of tho unusually important news it convoyed. Nor did the missing steamship Bom' bay, by which tho mail was carried on from Galle, reacb Molbourne until some days ufter the Northam had delivered tho January mails. It waa then ascertained that tho Bombay, ia the breaking of her screw Btiaft, had sustained a re- petition of tho accident Bhe met with some six months ago in the Chinese waters. Sho boro up for tho Mauritius, whero she effected repairs, but her voyage from thonco to Ilobson's Bay was un- fortunately protracted in conscqucnco of head gales. Wo were not, however, left entirely with- out nowB from England throughout tho month. A trading ship from Port LOUÍB, which sailed thence soon after tho arrival of the De oomber mail, brought us intelligence, in tho last days of February of tho great mis fortuno England had sustained in tbs death of His Royal Highness the Princo Consort, and subséquent arrivals from Ban Francisco brought us the welcome intelligence that tho American dituoulty had terminated in the surrender of Messrs. Mason and Shdell. That war had thus been happily averted was received with great satisfaction, but tbe news of the heavy misfortune tho Royal Family had sustained created general sorrow throughout tho colony. Parliament immediately, adjourned, mourning was assumed without the proclamation of the Ministry being waited for, and addresses to Her Majetty of condolenco and sympa'hy wero voted by both Houses of Parliament, with entire unanimity, as Boon as the de- spatch officially communicating the intelligence was received. These addretBcs wero subsequently Ëresented to II» Excellency for transmission to 1er Majesty, and are sent homo by tho mail of this month. The defences of the colony, to which atten- tion has been drawn by a circular despatch from the Duke of Newcastle, are receiving every con- sideration. Several of the batteries on both sides of the bay are now finished, and mounted with heavy ordnance, and the supplies necessary to carry out Captain Scratcbley's plans will be voted as fast as the progress of the works demands. The scheme of defence embraces forts on Point Lonsdale and Point Nepean and at Queenscliff, a battery on Swan Island, five batteries at Wil- liamstown, five at Sandridge, and a pile battery of twelve guns in the bay, midway between Wil liamstown and Sandridge. A comnittee of the Legislative Assembly has been appointed to inquire into the whole subject of the management of the volunteers, the military expenditure, and the defence of the colony generally , and, so far, a disposition has been shown on our behalf to relieve the mother country from much of the duty she at present undertakes, as well as of the expense to which she is put during the excitement of the last few weeks, arising out of the American diffi culty, the most loyal feelings have been shown throughout the colony, and at no time have a stronger pride in and a warmer affection for, Old England existed in Victoria. During the month, Parliament has mado rapid progress with the Land Bill Ministers conceded a point as to the operation of tho Bixtj ninth clause, which rendered mandatory tho issue of licences year after ye-tr, without limit, to the pastoral tenants of tho Crown. They agreed to introduce a clause restricting the opera- tion of the measure to a poriod of ten years, and an addition to tho clause, carrying out that intention, was proposed by Mr Snodgrass Sue cessive amendments of three, bvo, and seven years woro proposed- the first by Mr Service, and the second by Mr Uoales but the testing division was between "three and "ten'years, and the final result was a majority of one only in favour of the clauso with tho limitation of ten years-the numbers being thirt} four to thirty three Two or three of tbo usual supportors of Ministers, however, were accidentally absent when tho division took p'aco. The only import- ant clauses of the bill remaining for discussion, are those Laving reference to the appropriation of a fixed proportion of tho land revenue for tbo encouragement of immigration, and it is pro bable tbat within the next ton day», tho bill mil be sent to the Upper House. A vote of £125,000 for purposes of education bos been agreed to, afterconsiderableopposttionfromMr Beales, with a view to forcing the Government to deal with the amalgamation of tho two existing systems tho National and the Denominational-during the present session. Ministers bave stated, however, that they will not touch tho quea tion this scsBion, and, for tbo time, the matter is left in the hands of Mr Ileales, who bas on the table a bill for the establishment of common schools. Votes for salaries have been taken generally, but the specific amounts have not yet been determined upon, those portions of the Estimates being livid baek that the Civil Sorvico Bill may first be passed through ita pre- liminary stages, and a Bystem of classification of tho public Borvanta adopted A bill remitting tho export duty on N w Zealand gold passing thr"»gh tho port of Melbourne, has been carried through the Lower House, and resolutions havo been tabled by the Government m favour of encouraging local distillation, and drawing a dis- tinction between spirit« made from grain and those Sroduced from sugar Tho Legislative Assembly as transmitted to tho Upper House an act to suspend tho operation of the Electoral Act, so far as the collection of the names of voters for tho clirrent year is concerned Tbe object of this measure is mainly economy, and, secondly, tho improvement of a s_ stem under which a large amount of personation at elections has taken place A measure of much greater interest has passed two important stages in the Assembly, though m a questionable manner. Wo allude to tho bill (Torrcns's) for improving the law with reference to tho transfer of real property, and for tho registration of titles to this class of property. The bill is almost identical w ith that now in opera tion in South Australia, and lately introduced into .Tasmania Ministers had promised, at the commencement of the session, to bring in such a measure if tbo more pressing business of the country would permit them Mr. Service, how- ever, became impatient, sooing no probability of the other Ministerial billa beingclearedawoy in suf- ficient time, aud he carried TorrenB's bill through IIB preliminary stages on tho nights set apart for private business lie was mot, however, with the resolute oppoBi ion of the Minister of J us ti co (Mr Wood) and tho Attorney-General ( VIr. Ire land), the latter of whom followed up Mr. Ser vice's action by bringing in two bills of his own, the one dealing with property hitherto alienated from tho Crown, and tho m her with estates hero after to bo alienated Various teohnical objec- tions wero taken to the progress of Torrons's Bill, but on Thursday night last it was read a second timo, and Ministers having made no attompt to mako a House to defeat the bill-a majority of members, indeed, having pledged themselves to carry it through-it was carried into committee, and tho whole of the 134 clauses wero passed, the oommtiteo sitting till five o'clock m iho morn ing for the purpose, refusing to listen to any suggestion from the law officers of the Crown, and, from tho 18th clauso to the last in the bill, reading only the marginal notes The bill, however, is understood to havo boon care fully prepared, and revised by experienced con- veyancers, nncl probably it has not Buffered by pasBtng tno Lower House as it left the drafts man's hands, although its phraseology in one or two instances may lead-as tho Munster of Jus tice pointed out- to an anomaly in tbo interpre- tation of legal phrases The third reading of tho bill is Bot down for the night of Thursday noxt, with precedence ot er other business The Legislative Council at the instance of Mr, Fellows, has thrown out the bill to amend the Divorce Act referrod to in previous summanea. A bill to enable tho Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company to sell their undertaking to tho bondholders, lins roccivcd tho sanction of both Houses and the assent of His Excullonoy Tbo bill was promoted by the company, and concurred in by nil the partieB íntercated. Mr. M'Culloch his been elected for the county of Mornington, in room of Mr. H S Chnpmnn, and Mr Pope for Grenville, in room of Mr Gillespie Mr Cusoy, ono of tho representatives for Sandhurst, has been unseated by tho Com mitteo of Elections and Qualifications, and tho petitioner-Mr R. F Howard, who formerly re presented tho same constituency-has bean found duly elected, and has takon his scat. Leave of absence for twelvo months has been given to two members, tbo lion A Fraser and tho Hon J B Bennett, by tho Legislative Council Both Mr Fraser and Mr. Bennett will visit England-the latter in search of health. Yesterdaj, the AU England Elovon concluded t-Mr last match in Australia Thoy played egoiaat twenty two of Victoria on this occasion, A summary of their doings and travels in Victoria, Now South Wales, and Tasmania will be found in another column. Tho party have realized all tho anticipations that nero formed rcspeoting thom, and hnvo most worthily represented tho cricketers of O'd England, both on and off tbo field. Ono, at least, and probably two of them, will bo retained professionally m Aus- tralia -Laurence, aB bowler to the Sjdnoy Club, and some other plajcr, na bowler to tho Mel- bourno mon Wherever tho Eleven havo plated, they havo been received with enthusiasm. It ii needles to say that they have met with no cricketing talent in tho colonjes equal to thou own, but their visit has already told in the most marked manner upon tho play of tho colonial teams. Tho party return by the mail stctmor, which sails to morrow, and they will carry back with them very pleasant recollections of tbo South, albeit it has been rather "sunny" at times, and playing in n " bnckfielder " has been a novelty to thom Iho enterpriso has been successful as a speculation to Messrs Spiers and Pond, who sp ritedly took up tho matter, and thoy havo been publicly thanked bj tho Eleven for tho liberal manner m which tbo spirit of their agreement was interpreted. The last pub- lio appearance ot tho Eleven-or rathor tbo Twelvo-was in tho Melbourno Cricket Ground on Monday ovoning, when each of them planted and gave Ins oin narnu to an elm tree, in tho border of tbo cricket eround, os a memorial of his visit On board tim steamship, thov will recoivo a testimonial fiom tho cricketers of Vic torla and tho publio , and several special gifts (including a handsome gold watch, prosented by Messrs Spiers and Pond) mil bo rondo to Mr. H. II. Stephenson, tho ciptain of tbo Elovcn, as a mark of appreciation of his con- duct throughout bis tour in theso colonies The volunteers have sustained a severe loss in the departure of Colonel Pitt to join his regiment in New Zealand. To Colonel Pitt much of the merit of the organization of the force, and the excellent spirit which it has shown, may be at tributed. The command has since been con- ferred upon Colonel Auderson. The arrival of H M.C S. Victoria, Captain Norman, from the Gulf of Carpentaria, at BriB i bane, on her return to Melbourne, has dissipated any feara that wero ontertatned as to tho safety of the crow of the brig Firefly, and the expedi- tion she was engaged to convey to Carpentaria. It WBB reported last month that the wreck of the Firefly had boen found on an island of tho Hardy group, but nono of the crew, and it nos con- jectured that thoy had been rescued by a passim ship, or by the Victoria The latter surmise was correct. The Victoria and Fin fly had been sepa- rated tn n galo, in tho course of which tho latter was wrecked The Victoria attorn ards discovered the wreck, and by tbo assistance of her crew the hulk was floated, and tbo horses re embatked. Though tho hulk aas unseaworthy, the Victoria succeeded in toning her to tho hoad of the Gulf. Captain Norman reports that Walker's overland party (constBtiog almost entirely of natites), came upon Burke s tracks on the upper part of tbo Flin ders Uiver, and traced them down to the flats near the mouth of tho river, which the tido covers (flowing there only once in twenty fonrhours, and always between ten o clock p m and three o'clock a.m ) Having reoruitcd his supplies, Walker again started to follow up Buiko's return tracks to Cooper's Creek, and bo was followed somo three weeks afterwards by Landsborough's party. These two parties «111 thoroughly exploro tho interior between the two points, brat traversed by Burke, and their accounts will Lo looked for with much interest That tho country will be rapidly taken up for pastoral purposes, if the h ni ty Bketcbes left by Burke and Wills aro confirmed, there is no doubt At Cooper's Croek, Walker and Landsborough will be met by Howitt'« party, which left Mount Murchison on the 27th of January. Howitt had instructions to deposit a ton of prot isions at the creek for the relief of any parties who might arrtvo thero in want of stores When we add to the investigations of the throe parties now out, the labours of M Kinlay s party, now exploring between Coopoi's Creek and Central Mount Stuart, and thoso of Stuart's party, now on the way across the continent from South Australia to the north west coast, wo may safely conclude that boforo the closn of tho cur- rent year littlo will be left for futuro adven- turers to tell us of tbo interior of Australia. Whilo on this subjeo', wo may add that among tho passengers who arrived by the Northam, from King Goorge's Saund, was Mr. Francis Gregory, tho weil known explorer of North western Australia, who has recently re- turned from tho not th-west coast, bringing with him several new plants and objects of interest. He has found a now species of gourd near Nickleby, in latitude 20 South, and longitudo 117 East, and a plant behoved to be entire!) now, the fruit of which, when freshly gathered, has a V6ry 6trong smell, much resembling that of garlic, and so powerful as to render uneatable food kept in proximity to it, A now speoies of palm is also among the plants, and some uno kinds of beans Mr Gregory has also brought with him several handsome poarls, one of which weighs upwards of four carat«. Ho speaks in high terms of the character of tho country as adap ed for scttloment After remaining a fow day« in Melbourno he will proceed to Queensland, and tbonce to England, in order to confor with tho Imperial Government in referenco to ihe best method of rendering tho now country available for settlement. The neighbouring colonies aro becoming anxious to share with Vic ona, New South Wales, and Otago, tho profit of being gold fields. The Go- vernment of Tasmania havo offered a reward of £20,000 for the discovery of a payable field in that inland, Western Australia has offered £5,000 for the sumo object, and Auckland has just announced that sho will pay £2,000 for a similar discoveiy within her bounds Tor some timo the iden has been floating through the minds of tho public of this colony, that wo do not turn to the best purpose tho largo sum wo annually expend in maintaining postal communi- cation w th England Some time ago, it was sug- gested that a small fleet of colonial steatnors should bo emplojod to carry a fortnightly mail between Melbourno and Gallo, and that project has still many friends Latterlv, however, great interest has been taken in a schemo put forth for a monthly communication with Eogland, by nay of tho Capo of Good Hope, with steamers of say 6,000 or 7,000 tons burthen, and of considerable power A comnut'eo of tho promoters has had an interview with the Chief Secretary and the Treasurer on the subject They havo askod a subsidy of £4,000 per voyage It is urged that a portion of the vote for immigration might be turned into this channel, and that, as tho vojago between England and Australia would be made with rapidity and certainty, a largo stream of immigra tion might bo kept constantly flowing into tho colony, and that at small cost to the state The representations made to the Government are now under consideration by the Cabinot, and as goon as tho determination in tbo matter is known, further action will bo taken It is proposed that the necessary capital should bo raised, partly m England and partly in Victoria In Iho course of tho next month, tho railway between Geelong aad Ballarat will bo opened for traffic Engines now pass along tho line from end to end. Sir Dominic Daly, tho nowly appointed Go- vernor of South Australia, has arrived at tho seat of bis Government. He spent a fow days in thiB colony, as the guest of HIB Excellency, and paid n flying visit to iho gold fields of Ballarat A fow days afterwards, a nuggot weighing 320oz was found in one of tho mines be visited-iho Koh l noor-and it was named the " Sir Dominic D ily," in compliment to His Excellency Sir Richard MacDonnell, tho late Govcrnorof South Aus ralia, has arrived in Melbourne, and is on a visit ot Toorak House A lamentable accident has occurred in tho Bay, involving tho litea of four young ofBcors of tho Blackwall ship (Greon's line) Doter Castle-Mr Henry Borroll, fifth malo, a nativo of Northumberland, aged nineteen, Mr. Chandos Frederick Elliott, aged twenty, Mr. A Dorhng, nativo of London, aged sixteen, and Mr A Voisn, aged seventeen, native of Jersey It seems that on Sunday, the 16th instant, they aaked and obtained lenvo to go on shore for a few hours in tho afternoon Tbey hired n small boat at Sandridge Pior, nnd went donn tho bay for a sail, though tho wind was strong, blowing almost half a galo, with occasional squalls Tiny did not return in tho evening, and Benroh ros made for thom for savoral dnjs. It then became too evident that the boat had gone down in r« squall, and on Saturday last two of tho bodies wero cast Rshoroby tho tide, that of Mr Elliott at the lied Bluir, and that of Mr. Voisn at St Kilda Tbo bcdiCB wore afternards interred m tho Melbourno Cemetery. It was stated in our last summary, that Dr Barry, the principal of St Patrick's Collego had suddenly left tho colony, leaving the affairs of tho institution m an involted state. Wo aro happy to stat« that tho retcrend gentleman has smco returned to Holbourne Sir William Don died somewhat suddenly at Hobart Tonn on the l'Jth instant Ho had been in indifferent health for somo time, but almost up to tho fatal termination of his illness, he appeared nightly on the stage Air George Coppin is erecting a new thentro in Bourko street, close to tho Eastern Market Great complaints aro rondo in thooottntrydia tncts of want of water. The scarcity has told materially on tho >tcld of gold, and on tho state of the pastures Bush fires havo boen unusually numerous and destructive Many quartz crush ing maclnnos have been idle for months, and it IB sincerely to be hopod that a plentiful fall of rain will soon tnko place. Trom New Zealand, wo have only tho UBual rumours of impending disturbances Tho early winter has begun to tell on the gold held« of Otago, whoro tho ram and cold, and tho nant of timber for firewood and foi mining purposes, render a digger's hfo mipossiblo of endurance ni winter. ACCLIMATISATION. The history of the acclimatisation movement in this colony may be sketched very briefly. Beginning some three or four years back with the fugitive efforts of a few gentlemen, the earliest alive to the importance of introducing the birds, animals, and fish of other countries to our own woods and rivers-and most prominent amongst whom were Mr. Edward Wilson, Mr. Chirnside, Mr. Wm. Lyall-the move- ment has gradually grown and strengthened, until recently the formation of an Accli- matisation Society gave a habitation and a name to what could previously be said only to be beginning to have an actual ex- istence. The Acclimatisation Society, or rather the council by whom it is represented, and in whom the management of its affairs is vestod, have already given evidence of their earnestness in the cause of acclimatisation by the initiation of judicious arrangements towards accomplishing the object in view, both at home and abroad ; and there is every reason to believe that, under their guidance, the work in hand will be carried on in a manner entirely satisfactory to the warmest friends of the movement. While at home the attention of the council has been given directly to the care of the animals and birds already imported, principally with respect to the provision of better accommodation for them than they have hitherto had, and to their distribution over the colony when fit to be set free,-their efforts have been devoted abroad to the establish- ment of agencies, if they may be so described, in other countries ; and it is gratifying to know that in every case where communication has been opened up, not only with societies but with private gentlemen, the council have received the most hearty assurancos of co- operation-assurances which, in some instances, have already had a practical result. Nor roust wo omit to add, while on ibis point, that the Bert ices of many English shipmasters aro being freely given lo the society for the importation of supplies from othor coun tnep, or tho exportation of specimens of tho birds and animals peculiar to Australia, which are being sent anny m exchange for those received In short, in all quarters tho gentle men hating charge of the affairs of tho society find their efforts appreciated, and actively supported. Previous to tbo formation of the society ono great drawback to tbo exertions of those engngod in tho work of acclimatisation was, that no re- cord could bo kept cither of the birds and animals receited, or of tboso exported, aud hence one gentleman could have no knowledge of what the others nore doing It will bo easily understood that, under such circumstance», whatever was ac- complished by these gentlemen was not likely to bo of much practical vahío, at leas in tho matter of obtaining a variety of birds nnd animals, because, it might so Lappen that each of them would bo engaged in en- deavouring to accltmatiso the aamo birds or animal« at tho same time Now, however, that difficult}, as well as many others, is got over Tho secretary to tho council, arnon, st his other duties, keeps a completo record of ovory bird, animal, or flub, intioduced, or exported, and thus what is being dono by tho society, as well as by i s numorous agents and correspondents, can bo at any timo ascertained As in tho case of every new idea, no matter of what nature, the Eromoters of tho Acclimatisation movement have ad, of course, u somewhat up bill battlo to fight, and their oxer ions havo not always been regarded in a proper spirit by portions of the community, but it 1« not too muoh now to say that tho real importance of the work which is being performed is fully une o stood and acknowledged by all classes The Government, too, are becoming moro alivo to the necessity of 6tro!i|_tbin¡; tho bands of the council with money, which is still tho greatest want, and on this j ear a Estimates Iho sum of £1 000 ia all is set down in aid of the society Of this sum, however, somo portion must go towards paying the salaries of tho fow officials and workmen employed in con nexion with the society, the latter of whom have hitherto boen paid out of the funds of the Zoolo- gical Society, BO that less of tho grant will bo nvnilablo for carrying on the improvements in propres, at the Rojal Park and tho other works of the society than might at first sight appear But still the voto if passed will come in good time, and bo a valuable addition to the funds of tho council, and if Government liberality 1B con tinuod in tbe same or in a greater proportion in 3 ears to come, as will most likely be iho caso, tho socioty will bo able greatly to extend their operations both at homo and abroad Beforo going on lo speak mora particulatly of the im- provements being carried out in tho Royal Park, to which allusion has been mado, it may be as nell to say that the Acclimatisation Society lias in rcalitv, though not jet formally, superseded tho old Zoological Society, nhioh bas hitherto had charge of the Zoological Gardens and the animals thoro , and nn application has now been made to Government for the formal amalgama tion of tho two socio íes, a request which will in all probability bo complied with Somo short timo after tho formation of tho society the charge of tho Royal Park was pruc tically handed over to tbo council, although nominally it is vested in n board of trustees, four of whom aro nominated by tbo society and three by the Government, and this result having been brought about, tho council set actirolj to work to carry out improvomcr ta for the better accommodation of their numerous winged and four footed charges The principal improvement effected consists in the formation of what may almost bo called n largo gardon, from the plan upon which the enclosed ground is being laid out. in which i* is intended that tho birds Mid fish and tho smaller and moro tender animals shall lind shelter A brief description is a'l that is noces sary of tho plau, »nd tho progress which bos already been mado in its execution Tho wholo onclosuro COCBI ts of about forty five acres of land, round which a neat high closo battened fence Is crcatod, with a large and bandcomo gate at tho only cn raneo In the contre of this enclosuro it is intended that a fountain shall bo placed, preparations for tho construction of winch havo been already commenced At tho lower or right band sido of tho (.rounds, as tho visitor enters tho gate, the fish ponds are to be formed They are not yet, howct cr, begun, although tho space they will occupy bos boen marked off for them Again, at the left hand extremity, fencing has already been put up, which is to enclose the superintendent's house, on each Eldo of which small plots will bo ícsirted for experiments m growing plants, _o At tho opposite end to the entrance gate, and to which tho principal walk directly leads, the enclosuro lins been partitioned off into four largo oompartments, all of vthioh aro in ended for tho accommodation of different kinds of the larger animals-kangaroos, deer, el kB, and emus, _c In the meantime, how et cr, and until tho arrangements aro more completo, a " happy family ' of Boveral different animals may bo found in each division It may also bo stated that houses aro oreoted in theso divisions for tbo protection of their occupants both from ox tremo heat and cold Amongst the other portions of tho plan which havo been already carried out, two phcosantriea havo been erected, on a plan which, whilo it ensures tho safety of their ocou pants, also provides admirably for their comfort, combining as it dors thoso necessaries, plenty of room and air Tho phoasantnos uro already in- habited, not only ly different speoies of the bird from which they tako thoir name, but by pigeons and fowls of many kinds and colours, - ho many specimens of tho different kinds of monkeys in the possession of the society aro also already protidcd with neat houses, m which thoy appear to be as comfortable as it is possiblo to make them Tho nativo bears are similarly accommoJotod, and evou thoso curious and hardy looking animals, tho ant eating porcu- pines, havo what they doubtless consider a pleasant home provided for them The small and exceedingly delicate moose deer of India aro also in the enjojmont of substantial and artificially heated quarters It need only bo added, that, amongst tho portions of the plan still to bo executed, two aviaries are to be built, wlnlo shrubberies will bo plentifully plnnted along tho walks, and in othor parts of tho onolosure Tho Botanical GardeiiB, however, will not be altogether deprived of tho presence of British song birds, Bince a number of tho occupants of the aviary thero will still bo left to delight the visitors to these beautiful gardens with their warblings In a very short timo thiB portion of the society s grounds will offer great attract ona to visitors, for whoso accommodation plenty of seals lmvo boen protidcd It will be seen that little time baa been lost in executing theso im provementa when H is mentioned that tho erie tion of tbe outer fonce was only commenced in October last, and, although exceedingly neat and well finished in over} respect, tho different homes and fciicine havo not boen expensively put up, about £1 500 having been expended laBt jcar, wlnlo the expenditure this j car will probably amount to about £2,000 To this enclosure, or garden, as it may bo called, tho animals hitherto accommodated in the Zoological Gar dons aro being removed as rapidly as practi cabio, and thero ia no reason to doubt that thoy will enjoy as good hoalth, if not better, in their now quarters as they did in thoir old. Improtc monts havo also boen effected in oihor parts of the park in the simpo of moro open enclosures, within wbioh the hardier and less valuable animals graze, while tho camels and llamas, and Indian and othor sheep, sock their food, under tho caro of shepherds^ all over tho park, tho llamas aud elieop returning to tho first mentioned onclosuro for protection at night. As tho soctct} obtain additional means, fencing will I e carried on, until ultimate!} the greater portion of the park will bo enclosed , but this, of course, is a question of time and money In connexion with theso im prove Dents the council have already provided for a plentiful supply of «alor, tho Yan Ycnmiaving boen luid on nenr to tho old police station, at tho north eastern corner of tho park, w li ero a stand fupo has boen erected, and from thero water can le easily oarled to tho gardens In courso of timo n pipe will be laid down all tho way to tho grounds, but ni that would involve nn outlay of something liko £o00, tho society are not ut pre sent in a position to do co Before tho Yan Yean waa available, however, »plentiful suppl) of WA cr was obtained b) thoBiinplpplanof daiumingupono or tno of iho largor f,lillies, of which thero aro many in tho park, and by theso menus rain of little moro than two hours' duration is sufficient to givo n supply for somo months Tho whole of theso iraprovi monts ure bciug effected uuder tho enro of Mr James Smuh, tho socioty's super- intendent, w).o it is only fair to say is a zialous and nctivo munagor AB has teen nlrcrdy slated, n, completo list of tho importations and expoitntions is kept by (ho secretary of tbo Homely, so that there is no illili culty now in nae« tammi, at any tuno exaolly nhat is being douo Tho list so far an it already goes is too lengthy for publication hero, and mill respect to it it is only neoessrtry to rtfer to tho number of birds whithhiuo bien ncolimitiscd, and liberated in different paris of tin eolony Cani run, thrushes, skylarks, bl toit birds, pheaiantB, starling, partridges, Californian quail, &.0 , hato nlrcady, in this way, been tcattcred pretty mdily throughout Vletoua , and us additions «ill bo mado to thoir number from timo lo tune, tbo brooda of thc60 parent hirds, ii may ho hoped, will lioforo long people our woods with tho song birds of other eountrics In this nilielo nothiug bts bren i aid about the effort» ninth uro being continued to render foreign fish, nnd espeeinlly tbo salmon of Britain, familiar to our ruers , hut to tliM branch of tho duties of tho sociuiy f,reut attention IB also being paid, and it it to ho hopid that nitcess will ultimately eronn theeo exertions Tbo introduction of ihe Bal mon is the object specially in view, and, ni though a dtlittto work, it is in no way nu impo Bilnhly it is a question merely of skill and care Let the ova be obtained ni the proper timo from any of tbo great English or Scottish salmon rivers-say the Tweed, from nhioh it can bo procured easily and in abundance-let yigdanof bo exercised m ltB trnnimiaaion from the old | country, and the experience which repeated , failures must havo taught should render its in* i troduction comparatively easy of accomplishment. j This brief i ketch, which is intend» d incroly ' to give tho reader in A letona and ia tho old coun ry an idea of «hat is being , done by the Acclimatisation Society, in a moro I connected form than has lu herto been presontcd to them, may be concluded » i h tho nope that the great impoitanco of tho object ¡t has to carry ! out will be still better understood and appreciated as the operations of the society become extended, and that unceasing exertions mil be made by the friends of acclimatisation et cry where to render familiar to Amtralian woods and mers tho i birds aud animals and fish of other lands THE GOLD FILLDS I Wo aro again receiving both reliable informa- tion and flying reports of very large returns obtained ty como of the miners at tho Lachlan , diggings, in Ne« South Wales, and theso aro calculated to unsettle numbers on the gold-fields ' here, especially as things with us are moro than j ordinarily dull just now, owing to a very goueral | want of water Many aro, however, returning from Now Zialand, and many moro aro likoly to como hack within tho next few weeks, as the cold, wot Benson is advancing, and no discoveries havo lately been made thero of ground sufficiently rich to induce men with any means to undergo the certain discomforts of winter work m such ft olimate. Hero tho yield of gold is less than it was at this time last year, but scarcely lower in proportion to the number of miners netually at work, and, in fact, wonderfully nell sustained, considering the much greater scarcity uf water than has been experienced fcr somo years past. Tbo quantity of ram that has fallen through the summer has bein small, and oveiy week wo havo accounts of moro steam engines being stopped, const quont ou tho failure of tho water supplies Many eton of tho rather largo resertoirs aro now dry, and the small pud- dlers' dams nero emptied long since. In speak- ing thus of resertoirs, wo do not mcludo those constructed nt tho public cxponso, excepting such as wero found to bato defectivo work in tha embankments, and BO could not bo filled against tho summer All that are full hnvo been caro f illy kept so tho authorities entrusted with tbo management of Buch matters being \ory parti- cular that no ono should derive any bene lit from them. Tho exouso IB, that tho presBtiro of more important business has prevented tho framing of regulations under wlueh the water might bo rendered available to tho minors , hut it is really too bad that such largo bodies of water as como of these reservoirs now contain should be kept from use at n timo nhen this ele- ment is BO tory mueh needed The present dry season ought to read us a useful lesson, nnd lead to mensures being taken to prêtent the recur- rence of such a scarcity, for these reservoirs prove what n quantity of water can bo saved at a moderato outlay, and, dry as tho Burfaco of tho ground is, thero is plenty of water beneath- thoso en g m es and companies having no scarcity which demo their supplies from tho drainage of the reefs and docp lends. lu regard to alluvial milling, thero has been littlo chango during the last few weeks, nono of tho discoveries near any of tho older fields being of especial importance There bato bceu beverol rushes in the neighbourhood of Dunolly, where different leads havo been opened at depths of fifty and sixty feet, but none of those uro very rich, except in spots , all, however, being con- sidered highly remunérame for Buch dull times. Around Talbot, too, tho population has much increased, exténuons and branches to somo of the old leads there having boen lately found Tho quito jew discoveries havo been all among iho mountains, n largo cxteut of good sluioirg ground having bien tallon up on ono of tho upper branches of the Mitta Mitta, and a non fluid, both extensivo and rich by all accoun s, having beon found on n river s ruck ncci Ion tully by somo men crossing tho ranges from Gipps Land, and supposed to Lo ona of tho beads of the Yarra, though this pom1, has yet to bo ascertained, as tho Yarra has net cr yet beon followed up to its tonnes, and this new river has not been followed downwards to any place knonn Still, chums havo been taken up for a dis anco of somo twenty milis along its banks, by miners who havo collected from tho many detached diggings now occupied m different parts of the ranges, and tbeso last opened would appear to ho by fnr the richest of all. It is hard to oblain authentio information about tho doings of the miners at such an out of tho way place, without police piotcotton or a safo escort for their gold , but wo bato been told of vtry largo yields from somo of tho claims, and if such wero not tho caso the banks of tho river would not havo boen taken up for so great a dis- tança in a very short spneo of lime, and m tho face of sueh difficulties At tho prestnt time, tho only road to this now river, called by tho miners theieon the Jordan, is across tho ranges from tho Jamieson diggings, at tho heads of the Goulburn, but tbo Govi ruinent hato promised to send sur- veyors to exploro tho country, and it is to bo hoped that a much shorter and easier road to it from Melbourne will bo found At prceeut evorj thing has to bo carried on pack hors's, for many miles over a fearfully rugged country Not \ory much has been dono at tho reefs lately, for the reason stated . still thero havo been n fow lnrge yields, out mostly from small parcels of quartz Thus ono ton mid n> half from tho Arcadian Reef, Inkermann, produced 22ooz , nnd from ono ton out of the Pyrenees Beef, near Itidbank, tho yield wa? 201oz 7dnt. Very nell veins of stone havo been Struck in different claims on this reef within tho last few weeks, and from a former crushing of fivo lons overdOOoz neroohtained The best yield for 6omo tuno past from nny of tho Inglewood reefs was in the shape of ii cako of amalgamated gold, weighing ßuOcz 5dwt, tho prodtico of 110 tons of stone out of ono of tho claims on Max»ill's Hoof , tho two next best being ')2oz 12dwt. from twenty ono tons out of tho New Jcisoy Reef, and 5boz. 17dwt from fifteen tons out of tho Odin Reef The Bendigo district also lins furnished its pioportion of |,ood yields, a lot of six tons and a quarter from ono reef producing lfiíoz Jdwt , nnothor of forty tno tons, from n. different reef, IGloz lSdnt , and a third, of thirteen toiiB, 77uz 13dwt Ino tons from Iron's Reef also produced dOoz 15dwt 12.r Only ono largo yield lins beon announced Utily from tho Cnslleinnino district, nnd that na* Hoe/ from fifteen IOOB of stone, out of tho Nimiod Reef. Two or three of tho Ballarat companies lime boon lu fortune's way lately, and their dividends have beon proportionately liir(,o Thus tho Great Extended washed out during ono fortnight 2,4b0o/ of gold, and allotted ¿100 to each shareholder for i hat timo, clear of nil expenses, and the Kohinoor Company null half tho number of mm, wnshtd out 887oz in one week, ii nugget of 320oz ~ the lorrett found heio foi somo timo pnat-ben g n part of this This simo company found another nugget of Gloz hist Saturday, and had a dividend ofillOpei renn for Iho Iwo weeks ending wi li that day In re- gard to nugi, o s no hate nothing CIBO wor hy of special announcement, as tho number WUK miall, and ihe total weight of tho wholo would rot bo equal to that of tho first nboto mentioned. AGRICULTURE Notwithstanding (he very, dry ttato of tho grotuid, tho farmers are getting on well with their ploughing, and a considornblo breadth of lnnd will bo ready for the sood as soon as tho min docs como. Much will bo laid down with Eng- lish grasses, as the desire for stock is in- creasing eaoh year, and very many 010 now looking to sheep as tho means of rcuotring and maintaining the fertility of their hand, OH well ns for tbo modorato, but almost certain, rotura they may bo calculated on to afford. Tho dry season has proved to thoso who intend to keep sheep on tilled land that thoy must not depend much on rootp, even tho mangolds failing this year e-.u all oxceptthe low-hint! rich soils, mid it is cul) on such that tho English gnisseB havo been of any uso during tho laBt two months ; but thorn ure fodder crops that may bo depinded on for tim two or thrco months of i-cnrcity in thodiycst cf je'am, and iho advantages to bo derived from lito mix- turo of stockkepping with liltago nro in re »lily so great that lcloro long .beep will no ilimbt bo kept to n gicitt «.tent in small en I'lcsurcs, or folded on crups raised .peelally I for them. The fnrnicrs aro also looking moro «very year to other little things its ¡iil juiiuls to tbo old i.taiidiiril crops, and, whiro tbo land is tin i r own, tia pluming, or piepmlng to pliuit, many acres with the vine1. This your, for tho first time, thero uro rovor-l Inijtis of grapcB in tho market for wine- iiiukirg pinpo cn, R> that the former d.fliculty of disposing cf innre than [niall quantities at unco lo tim fruit nHers is now icmovcd, and thie »hine will bo it gri at in- ducement to thnso who wife afraid to ni di>ital,o tho nine-making part of tho biiviiufH Hum Belv»H. Tivn penco a pound Is tbo nvuriigu piioo r.otv (jiven for ordinary p-ipcs, tlîu 1 c¡,t M.r K fetching more; Mid at ibu »ino maktia will havo a lart'O profit, competition among the m will kfi'p up thu priiv, MI Unit as tho vines como into bearing tho returns will bn larg« i.iilmut any moro risk or tioublo thill there it> in ii rul- ing other kinds of preduco to niarkel. Jin'ijing fi oin what has been already obtained heir, tho jic-ld ou laud at nil MitluUo fur vine}aids f-l ould bo from Ino to four tons to Iho ;icre>, even moro than this largest quai,tiu having been gaUic-ied in the most favourable localities ; so tho mono lvalue of tho crop would be,' at the' rate .named, from £37 to £74 per »ore, {ho -profit' over and nbove nil expenses of at Ytondance and gathering being quite enough /to convert every- grower of wheat and p*otatoas liit present pnoes into a planter of vines, ;if ho did but know as much about one crop as 'tho other. In the Upper Murray district tha zpicduca of wine last year was, at the average of tj.ll the vineyards, 630 gallons to tho acre, and is ithis year expected to be between 400 and 500, ttho crop being so muoh lighter, owing to th] (drought; but ovon this hvt yield is ns gool a i 'digging gold from a lioh claim, for moat of the 'wine has been sold by anticipation to the publi- cans of tho district at from 12;. to 15s. a galba, to anxious aro they to be able to supply the fast giowing demand among their customers, oausid by tho consumption of tno wines of last year, and 'the taste engendered thoreby ; and not only ?'tl.cro, but in all parts of the colony is this tasto ,fer colonial wines spreading, so that very ma ay more acres will havo to be planted with the vino liefore there will be any chook to tho demand for iho produce. It used to be thought that tho {vi inca of this oolony would be wanting in strength, ;but such will most plainly not be the case. lu the cellar of ono experienced wine-maker, ia .Melbourne, the must of different kinds of grape] hvas of the following strength, namely-Soyras, 112 ; tokay, burgundy, and grenache, llí ; írontignan, 11G; sweetwater, 117j andmusoadino, 118\. Now, this list shows a strength of one or two degrees above that of tho Spanish grape i, j-nd of four or five degrees above that of tha Trench grupos, in the best seasons. Daring tha Hist four days of activo fermentation, with tha thermometer at 85deg. at the highest, the must of all kinds attenuated to OO.Jdcg. and lOOdeg., íTid the wines oro sow undergoing the seconl fermentation in tho most promising condition. The figures given wero obtaiuod at the commenoa ment of tho season, from grapes not so ripe at thoso coming in now, and so do not show th) highest strengths of the year, which will be, no doubt, above a general average, as tha ¿rapes aro ripening so thoroughly and well i i iho long-continued dry weather. This is the first year that »ino making has been undertaken by persons propared to carry it out syhtematioall/ and to any extent; and wo have also to notice tai commencement of another manufacture likely ti become of somo importance too. An enterpris- ing firm, with experience in this business, is no v erecting prêtées and engaging men for tho pre- paration for market of about 100 tons of leaf tobacco grown hero, and which they aro purohai ihg at Is. per lb.-a price that will give as largo * TI turn per acre on suitable soil as will the vine. Distillation, too, will be possible some' day or other; but the long-promised bill is not yet before Parliament, notice having only been given of a series of resolutions to affirm, amongst otho; i hinge, tho desirability of imposing a duty of six shillings a gallon on spirits distilled from malt, {?rab, roots, grupeo, or wine ; and eight shilling i a gallon on spirits made from sugar, treacle, molasses, ale, and beor; the duty on importai tp'rits being ton shillings a gallon, This is tho time for the autumn shows of s ock and produce, one or moro being held easa. week ; only a few of the societies havo, however, now to got over this part of their year's work, when preparations fo: the ploughing-matohes will commonco. The lint show near Melbourno was at Heidelberg, whera, as usual, thoro wero somo fine collections of frui i sind good specimens of agricultural proddoe, bai no great quantity of stock. The steam-plough, which was landed here a few months since, and tried near town, is now at work on the owner's land, near the Murray, preparing sixty acres for the reception of the vine, and is likely to be kept fully employed throughout the winter in that district, trenching land for this purpose. The Board of Agriculture is still in a fidgety, spasmodic state of ex istence, either months too lato in arriving st a decision, or determining not to do so, on any important question referred to it, or elsa doing something altogether useless, for the saka of keeping up an appearance of action. But no« that the Experimental Farm has been bando 1 over to a manager without the least practiotl knowledge of any branch of this subjeot, although there were really good men among the applioanti for the post, the last and only bond of connexion is broken, and the farmers generally do not cire a' straw whether the board lives or dies. THE ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN. The great oricketing epio, the action of whioh lias boen prolonged during three months, has terminated at last. Many are the battles whioh have been fought, noble the deeds, and interest- ing the episodes. In former days, the prowess of an Achilles, a Diomedes, a Turnus, or an .¿Eneas, dazzling or affrighting the eyes of the common men, on the fields of Troy or Latium, wooli have been the theme for the muse of a Homer qr »¡Maro ; or feats of skill in tho chariot race, or superiority in the arena, or daring in the ranks of Var, would have wakened the lyre of a Pindar, or the martial strains of a Tyrtteus. In those days, the warlike games of old, aud the " passages of arms" of tho middle ages, havo been exchange!, ?with the multitude of men, for tho sports-"tha moving accidents by flood und field"-the joy taken m the blood aud speed of the racehorse, the pluck and endurance of tho oarsman, the unerring accuracy of the marksman, or tho qualities oí nearly all theso combined, in the varied and ex- citing contest of tho cricket-field. It is ni hyperbole to say, that the mass of Englishmen feel as lively an interest iu the progress of a first class game of cricket as their forefather) did in the chances of the tournament ; and tho reason is, that tho qualities exhibited are, as it were, the last external manifestation of the frea instincts and the activo habits of tho race. Ia the present instance, while taking n brief review of wnut was originally a more mercantile specu- lation, ne Until seo theso national traits brought out s rougly into relief, and able of themselves to prolong the time allotted to a few anna ti holidays into fie excitement of ns many months, Tho progress of tho AU-England Eleven through the colonies of Australia has been, certainly, a remarkable one. Their scientific skill has been ?witnessed by thousands many times over, it hu given an impetus to the national game in Australia, and especially in Vic'or ia, which cannot surely di 3 away with tho more period of their visit, it has affected tho tastes even of tho merest juvenile ? who disport themselves in the lanes and alloys of a thiekly-peoplod city. We havo seen wicket! pitched in RuusoU-street, and miniature Caffyn) and Bennetts deftly at work in lanes and rights of-way, with a pertinacity superior to all tha vigilance of tho policeman. The visit and iti effects aro a great fact ; and so gonuine has beal the development of tho gamo, that arrangements havo been made, both in Melbourno and Sydney, by which tho services of tno of the Eleven will be permanently retained in thoso cities for tha benefit and instruction of their rising cricketers. Unquestionably such results must lead to a repe- tition of tho experiment, aud tho example sat ?with so muoh éclat and pro li; by Messrs. Spiers and Pond will be followed in ftruro years by the great cricketers of England on their own aooount. By leading a skilful agenoy in these colonies, the leading professionals will, at least every other year, if not of tener, bo ablo to scouro to them- selves such terms as would warrant their crossing the sea, or using ovon the overland routo, in order to play a remunerative season of two or thraa months in Australia, such season alternating with the winter season in England, and so not inter- fering with their homo engagements. Every lover of cricket, both in England and th) colonies, would surely not only bo prepared for, but ready and willing to lend his aid in seourin; so interesting a periodical contest, The tima ?will oome when we shall be ablo, in Viotoria, to support a considerably moro numerous body of professionals than wo can at present, and when, aUo, Ihiough tho excellent schooling our youth will thoreby receive, no may even hope in time ta he able to face the champions of the mothar country in an even field. Wo have made thoia few remarks bocauso wo think them eminently practical, and worthy the attention of the cricketing world, and becauso we hope at n) distant day to wclcomo another, and, if possible, a botter English cloven-though such would be difficult to find-who may próvido us once mora ttith somo of the pleasantcst sport lhat has ever been participated in on our Australian plains. Ta tho Eleven who are about to quit our shores, some of them, porhaps, only for "a season," wa heartily bid God speed. Tho circumstancos of their landing, and the subsequent events, must still be fresh in their own momories and in thosa of our readers ; but it may not bo uninteresting to our home readers to havo a briof history of th) sarao, and wo shall, therefore, endeavour to give ono. The All-England Eleven, with tho excep- tion of Wolls, who «ad arrived previously, lando.1 from tho Great Britain steamer on Christmas Eve, 18Ö1, at tho Railway Pier, at Sandridge. Caffyn, who had been standing on tbo bow of the Lioness steamer, which brought tho Eleven from tho ship, was at the gangway with characteristic alacrity, hut paused there, in order to give Stophcnson tho pas Tho latter, boin,; loudly called for, pushed his way through tha crowd on the deck of the steamer, and stepped on shore, tho first of tho Elevcu, followed uy Caffyn, Hortlock, Sewell, T. Hearne, Wells (who had joined hia oompamons). and tho others ; and than a ohoer, which might havo beon heard at Mel- bourne, rent the air. Order could not bo pre- served any longer. As to keeping tho Elevan together, that had become quite out of the ques- tion. Australia had got them, and Australia evidently; intended to make the most of them. On gaining Garton*! Hotel, at Sandridgo, tha Eleven mado tholr appearance for a few minutas on the balcony of the hotel. Then tbo first real cheer aroso. Thero was no mistaking ila oharas ter. From the dense mass that thronged the street, from every oar and oarriago. ïrom boys and'men - alike, a hurrah went un that made the blood tingle. '. " Wolli" said Mudie, one of tho Eleven, " wo expeotei a good reoeption, but nothing like that." Tas rido to Melbourne was an ovation, of course; a line of ears reaohing half way from Sandridge, multitudes of horBomen, boys, and thousands of spectator» running at the Bides, formed tho ese:ri. On evory face was to bo read but ono expression -that of supreme satisfaction. Bojs took off their bats and waved them, women waved their handkerchiofs, draymen ami oabd rivers going tha opposite way pulled up for tho minute as tha coach passed, grinning with delight, and addlnr thoir cheer to tho uproar. On reaching Mel- bourne, tho Eleven proceeded to the Cafe do Pari., where they wero sumptuously feasted. Tho/ were much struck, and agreeably snrpiised, wit'i the apceoronoo of tha Victorian "metropolis, little imagining the handsome city, whose inhabitant i awaited them with so much eagerness, coull have . had any existence in " the wilds of Australia," The first few days after thair arrival wore devoted to practice on the various grounds, metropolitan and suburban, which wera placed at thoir disposal ; and on Wednesday, tha 1st January, and tho three following days, tha Iii st great match waa played, on tho ground of the Melbourne Club, between tho Eleven and Eighteen of Melbourno and district. Fron 20,000 to 25,000 persona were present. On ap- proaching the ground, the splendid mass of the Grand Stand, upwards of 700ft. from end to end, was discerniblo through the trees, forming a graceful arc round tho western sitie, whtla Btretching out from it on either sido carno to at 3 and pavilions, of various form and size, and gay with divers colours, completely encircling tha reaervod space. His Excellency and Lady Barkly ocoupied a handsome bcx, especially iltted up for their reception in the centre of the stand. The preparations weie completed, and at length the Eleven made their appearance on the field. They passed in front of tho Gran! Stand, now filled in overy part, and walked with, «miling faces and raised caps to the room fittol up for them boneath the stand. It was i.npossiblä ÏO mistake the manifest feeling of welcome-of »omething better than welcome, of blood anl brotherhood-which found expression m ovory countenance, and voice 'in every cheer, th». greeted tho dozen champions of EugUm!, Ii fact, the emotion of tho crowd, not to be co 1 trollcd, triumphed over good manaor«. Tai Eleven were almost smothered beneath the oun osity or the kindness of the million ; and h.tvinr made their way with difficulty to their apartment, were only secured from intrusitn by tho timely und good-tempered services of tho police. Tha Eighteen winning the toss, went in lirst, and tas Eleven^ having given His Exoellenoy three ohooM, and paid the cricketers' compliments to tho tvj batsmen, took their places in tho field, Caffyn, with the ball, facing Bryant. As the game prj crossed, it was singular and amusing to uoti.3 tno mingled feelings which psrvaded tho BPBJ talore. Favouritism wea strongly established f jr both sides. Soarccly ono knew which side he would rather should win, and the syrnpa'bies betwesi the champions of tho old country and tho 13 of the new were manifestly divided.^ Ia succeeding years, we may hope to witness many a renewal of similar contest., for tho ti -1 between England and ourselves will undoubtedly be drawn closer by the visit of the Eleven. Bat this first mcmprablo gamo will be the thorne of tradition from father to son-a peculiar intoreit attaches to its details-and tbo names of Ste- phenson, Marshall, Caffyn, Bryant, and tho rest, will linger like "household words" lu our Aui tralian homes long after the ¡inmediato record of their deeds may have been lost or forgotten. The match was won by the Eleven in ono_ ii nings, by ninety-five runs. In tho first iauin^j of the viotorians, whioh amounted to 118, tb.3 lion's share of (kowieke's fell to B»n_ett anl Giiflith, the round-arm slows of the former al- ternating admirably with the fast-killing stylo of the latter. Thoy took seven wicko s each. _ Ia their second innings, in which tho Viotoriia. Bucoeeded in scoring only 92, tho honours of the attack wero moro divided. Suwell's fait bowling, however, carriod away the palm. Hu analysis stood as followa : -1 w ide, 104 balls, 2) runs, 17 maidens, 7 wickets ; Iddison, in thU innings, bowled 88 balls, 24 runs, 13 maidens, aui 3 wickets. Griffith and Carlyn came next in order, and Laurence, whose " slows" were rathor punished, was lost. In their ono innings tha Eleven Boored 305 runs, of which Caffyn con- tributed 79, Griffith, 01; E. Stephenson, 31; Iddison, 31; Mudie, 22; Lawrence, 20; Mort- lock (not out), 11 ; Hearne, 8 ; Bennett, 11 ; Sewell, 3; and H. H. Stephenson, 2. Tho at- tendance on tho ground, on enoh of the four days ranged from 10,000 to 25,000 persona--u immenae number, considering that tho now year's holidays presented many attractions elsewhere. The Eleven next proceeded to Beechworth, ona of the mining districts in the interior, where they were met, said the telegram, by " an imtnensa assemblage, and a hearty greeting," and where, ttithal, they had torecoive"adeputation."ThopUy commenced on tho 0th January, tho Eloven goinj in first, and scoring 264. Griffith made forty-six, Sewell forty-one, Mortlook thirty-five, and Ben- nett (not out), thirty-nine. Tho Beechworth tea-n of twenty-two made the ridiculous Booro of twenty, or not quite a run apiece, one run being goora 1 for a "bye." Their second innings was almost equally remarkable. After the match, which wai played during "a hot wind," a binglo wicket match carno off batweenthe Eleven of the O van? district and Griffith, the latter being assisted by three fielders, which was won by Griffith, the Elevon not scoring a run. The bowling in the Twontt-two matoh stood as fol- lows :-Caffyn, 1 wide" ball, 84 balls, 9 runs, 12. maidens, 9 wickets ; Bennett, 81 balls, 10 runs, 15 maidens, 11 wickotB. Second innings : Wolla bowled 11G balls, 10 runs, 23 maidens, 8 wickets ; Lauronco bowled 115 balls, 38 runs, 8 maidens, 11 wickets. A great match waa next played at Melbourno, between Twenty-two of New South Wales and Victoria combined, and the Eleven. Tho usual intercolonial ma'ch was just concluded, in favour of Viotoria, and the opportunity waB taken of opposing the Eleven with tho teams com- bined. Bain prevented the match being played on more than two days, and, ia lOnsequence, it was nover played out; bat it will bo seen that the gamo was not dis- creditable to tho Australians. It was " drawn," and might, many thought, have terminated, under-other oiroumstances, in their favour. The United Elevens went in firet, scoring 153, of 'which Kettle (a Sydney man) made twenty-eight, Coestiok (a Victorian) twonty, and Parke (a Sydneyite) eighteen. The bowling analysis waa : Iddison, 1 no ball. 1 wide, 128 balls, 54 run., 10 maidens, 4 wickets ; Bennett, C4 balls, 29 runs, 5 maidens, 2 wickets ; Sewell, 72 bulls, 14 rana, 10 maidenB, 1 wicket; Griffith, 92 balls, 19 runa, 10 maidens, 5 wickets; Oafijn, 81 balli, 27 runs, 11 maidens, G wicko's. The Eleven went in, and all carno out for 111, WelU making thirty-two, Griffith sixteen, Sewell (nat out) fiftecn/'and Carlyn fourteen. The Um tú i Elevens, in their soeond inniags, scored 144. The bowling stood as follows:-Caffyn, 83 balls, 26 runs, 10 maidens, 2 wickets ; Bennett, 112 balls, 72 runa, 15 maidens, 3 wickets ; Sewell, 68 balla, 24 runs, 7 maidens, 3 wickets ; Griffith, 16 balls, 14 runs, 1 maiden; H. H. Stephenson. 2 wldes, 84 balls, 23 runs, 8 maidens, 7 wickets ; Iddison, C2 balls, 19 runs, 7 maidens, 4 wickets. Tho Elevan commenced their second innings by sending Griffith and Sewell to the wickets, and whan the stumps were drawn tbo former had mado -even, and the latter three. The game could ast le played out. The Geelong (Twenty-two) matoh was the next, Geelong making, in the first innings, 111, and the Eleven 128. Iddison beaded the sooro, with twen'y-eight; B. Stephenson oana next, with twenty-six. In their second inning, tbo Gcolong made eighty, and the Eleven won the match by one run, with nino wiokets to go down. Wo next hear of them at Sydney, .where their arrival was looked for with intensa excitement, and thoy wore welcomed by a con- course of 10,000 people. They wero fûted to the «?kies, champagne breakfasts and dinners being the order of the day. At ono of the breakt&tti; 'ho Minister of Publio Works occupied the ohair. In the evening tho Eleven dined at the Viotoria Club. They had suffered much from sea-Bioknes i on the voyage, but soon got into praotioo again, und played a fine game. Tho scoro in the first innings waa 175, of whioh Mortlock modo a mag- nificent seventy-three, without giving what ooull (airly bo called a chance. Caffyn made thirty eight, Griffith nineteen, and E. Stephenaoi seventeen. ThoHydnoy wickets (Twenty-two) fe'I for 127 runs. The Eleven went in »gain, ant made only sixty-six, Iddison contributing twenty four, and Mudlo twelve. Tho Twenty-two that made sixty-five, and the Eleven thus won tha »natch by forty-nine runs. Tbo game WAI followed by a grand banquet at the Ki «-bange, and a grand benefit excursion to Middlo Harbour, Tho majority of tho wicket., in the firBt innings, fell to Sewell and Iddison, tand in the second to Griffith and Iddison. The Eleven next proceeded to Bathurst, where they commenced play on tbo 7th of February, making 211 in their first innings. The Bathurst Twenty two made only forty-nine runs. They went lu »gain for their second innings, and when tha uturnps were drawn for the night had lost si wickets for twenty-five runs. Rain interrupted the finish of this match ; and the Elovon re tur no1 to Sydney to ¡prepare for their scoond gre»*, struggle withthounited Elevens of thotwooolonies, Now South Wales and Viotoria. After a'aoratoU matoh had been played, in which tho Eleven were equally divided with colonial players on cither side, and which does not call for speoial mention, tho great battle began on Thursday, February 13th, by the Eleven going to the wickets and Beering only sixty, Iddison contributed fourteen and Griffith oleven. The United Elevens »11 went down for 101. In their wioond innings, tbe Elevon modo seventy-fivo, Griffith contributing thirty-eight and Mortlock twenty. The Twenty (wo went in, made thirty-five, and won tia match, amidst immense excitemont, by nina wickets. The defeat of the Eleven may fairly bo ascribed to the liberal banqucttings and fetes of the hospitable inhabitants of Sydney-at least no other feasible interpretation can ba pat upon it. The next place visited was Launceston, ia Tasmania, The Tasmanian Twenty-two want in first, and soored 109, the bowling analysis showing" M follows :-Caffyn bowled 180 balls, 37 TUBB, 22 maiden overs, 5 wickets. Bennets bowled 104 balls, 27 runs. 14 maidon overs, 7 -wickets. Iddison bowled 60 balls, 32 ruus, 4 .maiden overs, 8 wickets. Tho Eleven then went in, and made 176, E. Stephenson contributiaj sixty, Hearne (not out), thirty-five, Oaffyn seven- teen, Griffith eleven, and Iddison ten. In tholr ?eecond innings the Twenty- two made 141, Mr. Whitesides, one of the number, scoring fifty, anl being finally bowled by 'II. H. Stephenson. Tha maten was won by the Eleven, with four wiokats to spare ; Griffith in the second innings makin; thirty-six, and H. H. Stephenson (not on',) twenty-three. The analysis of the bowling of tha Eleven in the second innings of the Twenty-twa stood as follows !-Caflyn bowled 189 balls, 39 runs, 28 maidens, and 3 wickets. Iddison bowled 136 balls, 63 runs, 9 maidens, 11 wickets. Bennett bowled 68 balls, 15 runs, 8 maidens, 1 wicket. Wells bowled 24 balls, 1 run, 5 maidens. Sewell bowled 48 balls. 13 runs, 4 maidens, 1 wicket, 1 wide. H. H. Stephenson bowlal 40 balls, 2 runs, 8 maidens, 1 wicket. Now came the very interesting match, " Surray i against The World, -rather an ambitious title, perhaps, whioh the event rendered s.ill mara unfortunate, the great cricketing county sustain- ing a signal defeat. The match wasplayeioa the Melbourne ground, and, as affording some of the best cricket during the whole visit of tha Eleven, and owing to its intrinsio interest, wa append the score in full. Hearne was the captai i ot "The World" eleven, and, winning the to H, gent his men in first, with the following result : -Wells, b Caffyn, 48; Wardill, o Mudie, b Caflyn, 7 ; E, Stephenson, b Griffith, 4; Bounoit, o Cosstick, b Griffith, 72 ; G. Marshall, o Mudii, b li. H. Stephenson, 45; Iddiaon, o li. II. 8;a pbenson, b Griffith, 28 ; Laurcnco, o Elliott, l) Griffith, 0; Hearne, b Bryant, 1; J. Hud Ila stone, b Bryant, 0; Mooro, b Griffith, 0; O ja- va ay, not cut,.0; bye, 1; leg-byes, 3; wido, I; no ball, 1.-211. Wells scored four fours, ona &70, six twos, and Bingles ; Wardill, two twos ; B in nitt, four fours, three threo, cloven two ; Mar- shall, six fours, one three, four twos ; Iddioj I, iw'o fours, three threes, two twos. Surrey than took the wiokets, and made 115 only, as folio.va ; -H. H. Stephenson, c Iddison, b Laurenoe, 4 : Hortlock, b Iddison, 15; 'griffith, o Wardill, b Bennett, 39 ; Caffyn, c and b Benuott, 13; Can tick, 1 b w, b Bennett, 22 ; Bryant, c and b Ben- nett, 1; Mudie, o E. Stephenson, b Bennett, 14 ; Sewell, st E. Stephenson, b Bennett, 4; Blan- chard, o Laurence, b Burnett, 0; Elliott, not out, 0; Christie, run out, 0; byes, 2; wida, 1,-115 Ittortloek's score included two fours, Griffith's 4 h ree fours and four twos ; Cnffyn's one four an i tour twos ; Coaslick's two fours, a throe, and four twos ; and Mudio's one four, one three, and tsi twos, Surrey, upon this, had to go iii upon tha runs, and madol7U runs, the score being as follows : -Mudie, o Marshall, b Iddison, 13; Sewell, J and b Bennett, 10 ; Cosstick, b Bennett, 15 ; Caffyn, not out, 75 ; Mortlock, b Bennett, 4 ; Griffith, b Bennett, 13; H. H. Stephenson, c Bennett, b Iddison, 3; Bryant, b Conway, 21; Elliott, o Huddlestono, b Bennett, 7; Blanchard, o Wardill, b Bennett, 11 ; Christie, b Bennett, 0 ; byes, 2; leg-bye, 1; wide, 1. Tho World went in and won'.ho match easily. Their t coro stood thus: -Hearne, b Bryant, 5 ; Laurenoe, run out, 15 ; E Stephenson, st II. H. Stephenson, b Griffith, 2 : Wardill, b Griffith, 12 ; Wells, not out, 27 , Huddlestoue, not out, 17 ; byes, 0 ; leg-byes, 2, The bowling analysis was as follows:-Ta) World.-Pirbt Iuinugs.-Caffyn, 104 balls, 61 runs, 6 maiden ovors, 2 wickets, 1 wide ; Griffith, 140 balls, 52 runs, 15maidens, 5 wickets; Bryant, ¿2 balls, 22 runs, 6 maidens, 2 wickets ; Sewell, 1 ! balls, 12 runs, no maiden, no wicket ; Mudie, 1 balls, 2 ruiiB, no maiden, no wicket; Mortloo'c, 20 balls, 12 runs, no maiden, no wicket ; H. II. Stephenson, 36 balls, 31 runs, no maiden, I wicket, 1 no hall. Surrey.-First Innings, - j Iddison, 120 balls, 53 runs, 10 maiden overs, I wickot, 1 wide ball ; Laurence, 56 balls, 29 rail, 3 maidens, 1 wicket ; Bennett, 70 balls, 30 ru ii, 7 maidens, 7 wickets. Second Innings. -Iddis > i, 144 balls, 65 runs, 13 maidens, 2 wickets ; Bj i nett, 162 balls, 85 ruro, 10 maidens, 7 wioketi ¡ WellB, 16 balls, 10 rims; Laurenco, 20 halls, "> runs, 3 maidens ; Conway, 24 balls, lO'runs, 2 maidens, 1 wicket, l'un World,-Second Inn- ings.-Griffith, 65 lulls, 37 runs, 4 niaidem, 2 wickets ; Bryant, 72 balls, 17 runs, 8 maiden*, 1 wicket ; Sewell, 20 balls, 13 runs, 3 maidens ; Caflyn, 12 balls, 12 runs, 1 maiden. The next visit of the Eleven was to tho far famed Ballarat, whero they again had to encoua ter twenty-two, among whom were several ga: I bats. Tho Twenty- two mado 122 in their first innings, and tbo Eleven 155, their score standi i{ thus :-Mudie, b Bryant, 4 ; Bennett, b Cosstick, 13 ; Griffith, o Clissold, b Cosstick, 34 ; Wells, ?! Greville, b Morres, 2 ; Caffyn, b Morrea, 8 ; Mortlock, o Cosstick, b Morres, 0 ; Iddison, o Morros, b CoBstiok, 14; Laurenco, run out, 0 ; H. II. Stephenson, o Butterworth, b Mar- res, 20; Hoarno, i.ot out, 37; E. Stephen- son, run out, 11; wides, &J.;, 12, Ballarat, in their Beoond innings, made only 107. The Eleven had to go on to Bendigo, an- other famous locality, and could not therefore play1 the gnuio out. Their reception at Bai- li igo' was enthusiastic. Tbey won the toss, and went first to the wickots, scoring 257, of which Caffyn made fifty-soven, Bennett fifty- six, H. H. Stephenson forty-seven, Mort- lock twenty-five, and Laurence eighteen. The Bendigo men made only eighty-one in their first innings, aud 102 in their second, and tha Eleven won by sixty three runs. Caffyn, Iddison, Bennett, and Laurence were the bowlers. Cas- tlemaine was the last of the country districts visited by the Eloven, previous to their final match in Melbourne, with Twenty-two of Vic- toria. Having won tho toss, they wont in, and scored eighty ; Iddison being first with thirty-six, and Caffyn next with seventeen. The Twenty two only mado forty-nine in their first innings. In their Bocond, the Eleven scored sixty-eight. Tho Twenty-two went in, and mado ninety-six, winning hy three wickets. Tho ground was any- thing but favourable to the play of the Eloven, and hence, no doubt, their defeat. In the first innings of tho Twenty-two, Griffith took no less than thirteen wiokets, Iddison, Sewell, and H, H. Stephenson appropriating most of the re- mainder. In the second innings, Griffith took nine, wickets, Laurenoe six, and Iddison and Bennett one a-piece. ¡ * [ AlL-BNaLAND V. TWENTY-TWO OP VIOTORIA.. | This was the last match with the"" ^Eleven before their return to the mother ¡oouutry, and naturally on that account oxcitodr a, vory large amount of interest. To the cricketers in the colony it afforded special attractions, as for tho only time the Eleven were opposed to a twenty-two of Victoria seleoted from the orack players in Melbourne and in the country districts. At the same time, there wero some of the best gold- fields players who, from various oauses, wara unable to como to Melbourne, and their placas ?were almost at tho last moment filled by men whom mature consideration would hardly have seleoted. As far as the public were can corned, thero was not only tho inducement of witnessing the last match of the Eleven, bit\ also a desire to testify by their presenoi their admiration of them, tho receipts at the gates being given by Messrs. Spiers anl Pondas a benefit to the Eleven. The grouil during the four days on which the matai, was played was almost as well attended as oa the occasion when first the English players ap- peared on a Victorian field. People of all classes -from the mechanio who, in days of yore, when a boy, watohed the Eogl'ish ohatn Írional on tboir own grounds, to those who s a atest associations in tho mother country are connected with them-visited the ground, day by day, as soon as their various business engaza menta would allow them to do so. There' wai one general desire on all sides to see the last performances of favourite actors, and it ia not saying too muoh that a universal feeling of re- gret at their approaching departure was evinoai by those who had known the Eleven a. individúala or na cricketers. The matoh itself waa most peculiar, from ita fluctuations. In their first innings the Victorians, who were all out in one day, mado 140, whioh was considered a good average score. Mar- shall, whose name ia well known in the mother country, was elected as captain by the Twenty-two. Considering that they had not Í played together before, there was a small excusa I for some of tho lacha which took placo in the fielding ; at tbo »anio timo, many who wero re- puted to be good fielders, came far short of the expectations formed of them, J. Huddlestona, who has distinguished himeelf frequently as a good bat and quiok scorer, made forty- four, the top number. Although only balf-an-hour re- mained boforo the arrival of the time at whioh the stumps were to bo drawn, the English captain sent in his men. Bennett and Wells wore the firBt representatives. Tha former, after making nine, waa bowlod by Bryant. Caffyn took his placo, and bo and Wells made up the scoro to nineteen. On the next day tha Eleven monopolized tho wickets. Well« was tha first to retiro, being run out when he bad mala seventeen. Mortlock joined Caffyn, and at ona time it appeared unlikely that any Victorian could put thom out. At last, Marsball, the oap tain, whose forte is keeping wicket, took Carlyn's wicket after tbo latter had made forty-five. Mort- lock soon followed, but not until ho had soorai fifty-three. Griffith, tho tembló left- hander, hal a short innings, being caught out when be had added twenty-three to the score. H. li. Ste- phenson carried out his bat for tho night, there being to the credit of the Eleven, 189 runa for live wickets. With such a commencement, it waa j.aturally supposed that tho third day (Saturday) .a-quid bo meroly a repetition of its predecessor ; but a chango came o'er the game. After increas- ing his Bcore of thirty-one to thirty-five, II, H, Stephenson was run out. This piece of ladt put .bo field in good humour, and they behaved much better than on the previous day. Iddiso'n, who had joined H. H. Stephenson, mado nine, the .-.me number as Bennett, when ho was bowled by Bryant. Laurence bad only a very short temira, being caught at slip before he scored any run.. Mudio and Hearne followed quickly, and in ao. hour the balance of tho Elovcn woro out, bavin? raised tho score from 189 to 218. The Twenty two in their second inningH were most unfortu, nito. Wickets fell fast, and those men wha generally make good scores carno to grief quiokly, either by the bowling of Ideltson or Griffith, or from being caught off tho bowling of the former. Makinson, who since his arrival in the colony ha. borne the reputation of being a good "bat," mado twebty in fine title. One on-hit that he mado ior live elicited great praise, na it capped tha great leg-hit mado by Grifiith in the first mntoh. With the exception of Makinson, Hopkinson who made ten, and Thompson who carried out his bat after having scored twolve, the scores on Saturday woro very Bmall indeed. When the wickets wera drawn for the evening, the game stood eighty-nina runs forsixtcon wickela, Yesterday (Monday), an- other of those changes of fortune occurred which now and again take ploceon the cricket field. There wn3 a gonoral belief that the Bjcven would not ba occupied for long in disposing of tho remaining livo wicketi, and it was looked upon utmoitaa i matter of course that the match would be ds cidod In at mott two or three hours. Tho result i roVed to tho contrary, and yeBterday witnesjoi some of the best play ever Bhosrn in the colony. Thompson resumed hil place at tho wickot, arti increased his Ecoro of Saturday to twenty fivo. E. A'Bookett added ten. Conway ran up rwenty-four in nine minutes; and he, too, maia n "slashing" hit for tivo-longer than that ef Makinson. O'Mullano, a roost promisinj player in every respect, contributed twelve ; and) instead of tho Twentj-two coing out, as anticipated, for a small number, they made the very respectable score of 151. This left Beventy-threo for the Eleven to make ta tie- a small number comparod with their usuil scores-and it was thought that Griffith an! Sewell, tho first at tho wickets, would soon makoji. off their bats. But the fielding of tha Viototiani yesterday and that on Friday were widely dif- ferent. On the latter day it was as inferior as it was yesterday superior ; and although tha Eleven may not have been in good cuofor playing -though why they should not be doca not appear the fielding and bowling of the Twenty two Would, under any circumstanceB,'havo given them plenty of work. Sewell retired for thirteen, bein? caught by O'Mullane, a colt. Griffith shared tha same fate at the hands of another player, after making fifteen. Bennett also was caught, after cooring eighteen ; and as for Mortlock, Oaffyn, Iddison, and Wells, they made very small scores. Such a reversion of the probabilities of a gama has seldom been seen, and tho baokors of tha Victorian team actually grew sanguine of vic- tory at last. The stumps were drawn'at sis: o'clock, and the match has terminated in a draw. The following aro the scores of the match : , SHE TWENÏY-TWO OF VIOTOBIA, ' FIEST INKIHOS. _> Erodio, run out .0 Bryant, o Mudie, b Griffith .. .. S Hope, b Griffith .0 Hamilton, runout.17 ïhompaon, b Griffith .. -. ..1 J. Huddieatono, at H. H. Stephenson, b Iddlion . _ M Oosstick, run out. 0 Wardlll, c So woll.b Iddison .. ..10 Hopkinson, b Iddison .. .. .. 8 Makinson, b Iddlion.0 ti «.shall, c Hearn, b Carlyn .. ..IS Moires, b Iddison.6 Guinness, o Iddison, b Caffyn .. ., 1 Blanchard, run out .. .6 Butterworth, st H. H. Stephenson, b Idditon ., S Drinkwater, b Iddison .0 Mortimer, c and b Oaffjm.0 Bandfiold, o Laurenco, b OatTyn .. .. 0 VBecltott, o Oriffltb, b Iddison .. .. 0 Conway, c Carlyn, b Iddison .. .. S O'Mullano, not out. M - G. Coiatlok, o Mortlock, b Caff; n.. .. 0 Bj es.t Leg-byes.C Wi-o.1 140 SECOND ISNINQS. Marshall, o Hearno, b Iddison .. .. g Drinkwater, st H. H. Stephenson, b Iddl- ion . 6 Brodie, b Iddison. 1 Guinness, b Iddison. 0 8\. Hopkinson, b Iddison. 10 WardUl, b Griffith. 4 J. Huddleston, o Griffith, b Iddison .. 7 Bryant, o Sewell, b Griffit-. 7 Ma-lnion, b Idditon. 20 Mortimer, o Griffith, b Iddlion .. .. 8 8\. COBstic-, b Griffith . 0 Hamilton, o Mortlock, b Iddlion .. .. 0 Morros, o Griffith, b Iddlion .. .. 0 J". B. Thompson, o Bennett, b Carlyn .. 25 «Unchard, o Laurence, b Iddison .. 4 Butterworth, c and b Iddison .. ,. 1 G. Cositlo-, b Griffith . 1 Hope, b Iddison . 0 K. VBeckott, b Laurenoe. 10 O'Mullane, not out. 12 Conway, b Carlyn. 24 Handfleld, o Griffith, b Caffyn .. .. 1 Byoa . S Leg-byes. t l61 ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN. FIRST i-nrraos. Bennett, b Bryant.9 Wells, run out .17 -Catiin, b Mar-hall.45 Moitlock, o S Cosstlck b Morrea .. ..68 H H. Stephenson,runout.35 'Griffith, o and b Cosstlok u .. ..22 Iddison, b Bryant.0 Lauren-e, o Morrea, b P. Coiacict... .. 0 Mudlo, b 8 Cos-tick.2 Hearno, a Bryant, b S. Cosstlck .. ,. S Sewell, not out .8 Byes .0 Log bye .. _ .1 Wldes .. _ .9 218 SECOND I"_nH-B. Sewell, 0 O'Mullane, b Cosstlck .. .. 13 Griffith, o Thompion, b Morrea .. ..15 Benno», c Bolter worth, b Bryant .. l8 Mortlock, o O'Mullane, b Briant.. .. 1 Caffyn, c Makinson, b Conway .. .. 2 ' Iddlion, b Conway. 6 Well«, b Conway . 1 H. H Stephenson, not out. 1 ' Bye» . 2 Leg-byes. 2 ' Wide . 1 , Ko bull. 1 63 Analysis of Bowling.-First Innings.-Twenty two of Viotoria :-Griffith, 1 wide, 72 balls,125 runs, 7 maidens, 3 wickets ; Bennett, 84 balls, 23 runs, 10 maidenH ; Laurence, 16 balla, 11 ron« ; Sowell, 20 balla, 10 runs ; Iddison, 81 balla, ' 37 runs, 7 maidens, 9 wicket. ; Caffyn, 63 balls, 21 runs, 8 maidens, 5 wickets. Second Innings. Griffith, 141 balls, 45 runs, 16maidens, 4 Pickett; Iddison, 156 balls, 68 runs, 11 maidens,. l'î wickets ; Caffyn, 46 balls, l8 runs, 4 maidens, it ?wickets ; Laurence, 32 balls, 13 runs, 5 maidens, 1 wicket. Analysis of Bowling.-All-England.-First in- nings :-MorreB bowled 132 balla, 4 wides/SJ tuna! 16 maidens, 1 wicket ; Bryant bowled 143 balls; 32 runs. 10 maidens, 2 wickets ; O'Mullan. bowlcdC8 balls, 40 runs, 3 maidens; Handfiell bowled 16 bah-, 7 runs ; G. Cosatick bowled 2 ) balls, 11 runs, 1 maiden ; S. Cosatiok bowie! 124 balla,'46 nins, 10 maidens, 4 tviokots ; Conway bowled 32 balls, 2 wides, 4 runa, 3 maidens ; Marshall bowled 40 balls, 29 runa, 2 maidens, 1 wicket. AMUSEMENTS. At tho Theatre Royal, in this city, operatic entertainments continue to attract larger audi- ences than assembled during the dramatio season. Among the novelties produced during the last month, by Mr. Lyster- troupe, "Lurlino" and the "Hose of Castile" may bo mentionod as having been presented in a style reflecting great credit on the management, and on the principal vocalista concerned. It is also worthy of remark, that " Le Nozze di Figaro" has beon performed tor the first time in Australia at this « Ntabliehment, without, however, acquiring the popularity which has attended the roprosenti lionof operas of afar inferior character, Mo zar.'s music is too classical to meet with the ap- probation of a mixed audience ; and it will sorv 3 to indicate the direction towards which the tait? of tho Melbourne public tends, to stato that It Trovatore, Maritana. Martha, and the Bohemian Girl, are the especial favourites in this city, and, as a general rule, draw larger houses than operas of a higher grade, oven when the latter possess tho charm of novelty. At the Princess's Theatre, Miss Joey Gougon heim re-appeared on the 13th ins t., after an ab- sence of three years, and received a very warm greeting from her old admirers. Sho soleóte i the character of li es tor Grazebrook, in tho Un- ique! Matoh, for the opening night, and hal «ince sustained a round of favourite characters, Mr. Fawcett, the lessee of this theatre, hits pro- duced a dramatio version of " David Copper- field," and "The Woman in White," undert-k ">ng the character of Micawbcr in the first, and of Count Fosco in the second. Mr. Lambert is laying at this house with his customary suooeis. "?he Prince of Wales Theatre, after undergoing V%1 various vicissitudes, has been renovated and re baptized. It is now denominated Marsh's Boyal Lyceum, and that gentlemau's troupe of juvenile) performers ore giving a «ries of representations, whioh appear to be popular and attractive. . DEATH OP SIR WILLIAM DON. The playgoers of this city were startlod a few days since by the 'intelligence that Sir William Don had died at Hobart Town, on the 18th inat. The deceased Baronet and Lady Donihad pro- ceeded thither to fulfil a professional engagement about three weeks previously, and had boon very successful. Tho state of Sir William's health when he left Melbourne had excitod no uneasiness, except in the minds of a fow friends who had opportunities of observ- ing what inroads a treacherous disease was making on his lungs, and how his usually buoyant spirits and physical onerjy were rapidly succumb- ing to an insidious and fatal enemy. Sometimes, in private conversation, ho expressed a convic- tion that ho should nevor seo England again, but that when he did go home, it would be to tha Melbourno Cemetery; but his cheerfulness would soon return ; his health and spirits would rally in the society of his friends; and at night, upon the siago, casual observers might mistake the heotio flush for tho glow of health. In a letter which he wrote to a friend in this city a fow days before his death, he ob- serves :-" I havo been dreadfully weak and pulled down sinco I havo boen here, and in bad h pirita, but within tho last two or three days I havo rallied wonderf idly. This is the most mag- nificent climato in tho world. We shall be hero for a few days longer. Then Launceston two weeks, then back to Melbourne for Adelaida. The journey from hore to Launceston is really wonderfully beautiful. You will be delighted wita it," Tho immediato cause of death appears to havo beon aneurism of the aorta, and his decease must have boen very sudden, as he was playing two or three nights before that melan- choly evont. Muoh sympathy is felt for Lady Don in hei- bereavement. The theatrical pro- fession bas lost ia Sir William a most enthusiastic member. His admiration of his art was intense, and his sucoess ns an actor appeared to afford him more unalloyed satisfaction than his patrician da scout, or his relationship to earls nnd duohesses. On no subject was his conversation more ani- mated, and to no.hing did his ambition point more steadfastly than to acquire distinction on the stego. Possessing a fine sense of humour, a quick perception of the ludicrous sides of Ufa and character, a remarkable talent for mimiory, n strong nerve, a ready wit, and great salf poBsossion, ho was thus gifted with many qualifi- cations essential to a good actor; and without arriving at any remarkable orainenco as a ooma dian, ho was always amusing, and frequently invested n character with quaint and fantastic pt tribu: cs of his own devising. In private he was an agreeable companion, with a rare flow of anecdote, and an impulsiveness of manner and vehemence of language which were very piquant. Measured by the years he lived, his life was a very short one. Estimated hy the inoidents ivliich wore crowded into it, and by the ro- mantic vicissitudes of fortune ho underwent, it was a very long one. Inheriting from his mother (Lady Wallace) considerable litorary ability, it was tho intoution of Sir William Don to writo his lifo whenover a fitting momaat should arrive Tnat fitting momont never oame, and tho life and its lesson remain unwritten. Bis doath is too recent to admit of the task being undertaken by a friend. Sir William has left an only daughter by his Beoond marriage, atd the baronetcy becomes extinct. FREEMASONRY. Tho present month has been marked by two demonstrations of ¡mportanco on the part of the Masonic body. The first took place on Thursday, the 6th inat. at the Protestant Hall. The occasion was the presentation. to Mr. J. T. Smith, the Provincial Grand Master under the Irish Constitution, of a handsome specimen of j the insignia of his offioa, in recognition of the services which he has ren- dered to the craft in Victoria during a period of eighteen or twenty years. Mr. Smith, it appears, vas the first Mason initiated in Victoria undar the English Constitution, the first master of a lodge under the Irish Constitution, and tha earliest-created provincial grand officer undar the Scotch Constitution. The testimonial con- sisted of a Grand Master's badge (or "jewel") and collar. The former was of gold-the cirolet hearing the words " Provincial Grand Lodge, Vio toria," supporting the usual mystic emblems, and being ornamented with diamonds and other gems. It was attached to a collar of silver gilt, com- posed of reduplioations of the initials " G.L.I." {Grand Lodge of Ireland) ; and of an oval riot, exhibiting the shamrock in green enamel, and en- closing the square and compass. The testimonial was altogether a very creditable piece of colonial .workmanship. The ocoasion of the secoud celebration was the -visit to the colony of a distinguished Mason, in the person of Sir Richard Graves MacDonell, the lato Governor of South Australia. Al soon as Hia Excellency's arrival waa known arrangements wore made for entertaining him at a Masouio banquet, which came off in tho Ex- hibition Building on Tuesday, the 18th inst, AU the British constitutions were represented on tha occasion ; and, to illustrate the fraternal foelilj which Masonry inculcatos, wo may mention that among thoso of the craft immediately supporfio¿ tho guest were two public men who havo baoa recently engaged in anything but an amiaule con- troversy as to the best means of simplifying roll property law. We referito Mr. Ireland (the At- torney- General of Victoria) and Mr. Torraas (the Registrar-General of South Australia). Taa toast of the ovening was' druuk with all the honours, and Sir Richard MacDonnell, in loturniug thanks, dwelt upon the flourishinf condition of Freemasonry in Australia, and ox pressed his belief that, iu a now country like this, there was no chuman influence better calcúlalo I to promote a spirit of mutual benovolenco, an I no institution that tended more to smooth orar t-ectarian and national prejudices. Ho avowal his opinion that the maintenance of Freemasonry was lilcely to cement all tho closer tho connexion between the colonies and the mother country, und ho declared that ho could not conceive it possible for a person to be a good Mason without, at the same time, being a good man and a goo 1 colonist. At each gathering the chair was occupied by Mr. Ki chard M'Olure, tho'jDoputy Provincial Grand Master under the Irish Constitution; i the brethren appeared in full regalia, and Masonic paraphernalia graced tho tables and the walls. The musical arrangements wero under the dira) ' tion of Mr. Horsley, the past grand organist of £&gland;, and a commendable innovation-so fir as the festivities of " the craft" aro concerned j «as the presence of ladies as spectators. ¡ ', , SPORTING. .. ,i. j Sinco the February Meeting of the' Victoria Jockey Club, which terminated in failure,1 thora Las beon no turf event of sufficient importance t» ¡' caU for special notice. Some small country meetings havo filled up the interval, but have linly brought together small fields of very mode ' rate horses. The Turf'Club Autumn Moo tia; will be held on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday in the present week, .'and tho entries for the various prizes are sufficiently numerous aal promising to endure the belief that threa days' good racing will be enjoyed. On this occasion two or three new horses front the Western distriot will put in a first appoaranoa, and the meeting of theso, with the fow gool ! horses in the metropolis, will be looked forward t> ' with interest. His Excellency the Govornor is : expected to be present on one or more of the,noa days, and it is probable that'the Turf Ulub Autumn meeting will meet with moro patrohara from the publie than this aristocratic club wai ' wont to enjoy ; as, although the, money added by the olub is but small in amount, the stewards have made the most of their resources, and, to a ' groat extent, popularized their programme by the ' introduction of a larger proportion of suoh ra ass as will Buit tbo moderate quality of tho thorough ? breds atthistimein training. The Parliament have ; somewhat churlishly rejected ' tho vote proposed 1 hy the Govornment for giving a Queen's plata of I i.00 guineas ; but the rejection of the motion eau easily bo accounted for by tho circumstance that j it was pushed on hastily, for tha purposo of ' an curing tho money for the Turf Club, instead of for tho two metropolitan clubs jointly or alter- nately. If both clubs had boen joined in tha I vole, it would in all probability have passed. I Notice has sinco boon given of the revival of tha ¡ question ia a proposition to voto a smaller amount. ! The llobson's Bay Annual Regatta took plao» I on Saturday, March 1, and was most successful in attracting a large company'of spectators and 1 -producing Bome excellent sport. . The yacht (Tha Secret) that won the principal priz-i (£100) was newly imported from Liverpool, hythe Champion of tho Seas, The principal rowing niatohes ware won by the Sydney men, Thomas Magrath and James Punoh, who have been victorious on our waters over all opponents, and, besides several pub lioi aces, hai e won two matches for £200 and £109 aside, respectively, beating two'London waterman recently arrived here, Robert NiokolU and Ban jamin Oxlade. * IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION". T\ \- ' The returns of the. Immigration Department are published for the month of February for all ports of tho colony. The arrivals numbered 2,884, and the departures 3,200, the balance boing against the population of the colony by 316. The arrivals may bo classifiol thus:-2,290 adult males, 405 adult females, 93 malo and 99 female children; and the dopar tureB, 2,218 adult malea, 656 adult fomalea, 241 mole and 182 female children. Of tho arrivais 2,877 landed at Melbourne, 1 at GeeloDg, and 6 at all other ports. Of tho departures, 3,196 aailo 1 from Melbourne, 1 from Geelong, and S from all other ports. The following tablo will givo a clearer view of the migratory movements of tha month : Now South Wales.. South Australia ., ¡Tasmania .. Now Zealand ., Total noighbouilng colo-1 United Kingdom Foreign ports Not emigration .. 810 701 475 818 COMMERCIAL. The month of March has been ouoof continuel excitement in all the Australian markets. Ia our last monthly summary (February 22) we hal occasion to chronicle the facts that tho English mails of tho 2Cth December, duo on tho 10th Feb- ruary, had not arrived, and that wo were left to con- jecture as to the conreo of events succeeding tha outroge offered to the British flag by tho American. Government in the affair of the San Jacinto an 1 the Trent. The Australian colonists were left entirely uninformed with respect to one month's history of the Northern hemisphere, and that -during a time fraught with the giavest conse- quences to their trade and commerce. Tho American difficulty had but just arisen when tho inails of the previous month (November) were despatched, and for the small modicums of intelli- gence regarding subsequent events they have had to roly on reports recoived second hand, by way of California, and on a few stray papers roeeived from the Island of Mauritius. Exchange on England was raised to two and a-half por cent, for tixly days, a war risk waa oharged by under- writer on bottoms and cargoes, and grave appro l.ensiona that the peace of the world would ba 1 roken were everywhere entertained. So strong t id this feeling become that tho banks had ro rolved on a further advance on exchange to four end a-hnlf per cent. The Thomas Brown arrived on tho 27th Febru sry from tho Mauntiua, with English dates to tho 26th, December, and some scant telegraphic despatches to the 1st January. These were not of an assuring character ; and it was not until tho 5th instant, when the Albreobt Oswald arrival from California, with positivo iutclhltenoe of tho turrqndor of Messrs. Mason and Slidell to tho demands of tho Imperial Government, tbnt any relief was felt. This and the neighbouriu,' colonies still rely to so great an extent on the) home markets for their supplies, that serious fear* were indulged in aa to the possible effects o! it disruption to the course of commerce with Europe. The holders of goods looked for higher tates, v.liile consumers wcro compelled to faca the prospect of heavy costa and chaiges, and a conséquent increase in the expense of living at a time when tho oireumstauces of tho colony were pointing to the necessity of retrenchment. The -Californian advices were confirmed on the 11th, by tlie arrival of the branch steamer at Adelaide, with.the English mails of January 26 (full detail. cf which were received hero on the same day by telegraph), and by the arrival in Hobson- Bay early,in the morning of the 13th of the Peninsu- lar and Oriental Steam Navigation Company's I Hteamship Northam, with the mails for this and the other colonies. The advices received by this | a.cBsel were considered OB satisfactory as tbo dis- jointed fragments previously to hand were gloomy I and depressing. The successful issue of the Vic- torian Railway debentures, on the 31st Janu- ary, ?' at an average of 103, was mado known by telegraph, vid Malta and Alex- andria, as was also the arrival of Messrs. Slidell and 'Mason at Southampton. A »till further buoyancy was imparted to the mercantile interest on tho -¡1st instant, by the arrival off the Otway of the long missing a'eamahlp Bombay, with the December maila. Thoso wera delivered ou Saturday; and the inhabitants of Victoria ara now enabled to reply to both seta of advices by this opportunity. The punctual arrival of the Northam on tho lath,waa hailed with more than usual satisfac- tion, because of the danger banging over the Australian colonies of an entire disruption of the poBtal service with the mother country. Had any delay taken place, thcro was no provision made to supply the place of the missing steamer. Tho maila would not havo been despatohed on the proper dato, the Red Sea steamer would have been missed, and the Australian boxes have suf- fered at least fourteen days' detention on tha route. This has fortunately been avoided, j The Northam baa been docked and overhauled' at Sydney, and everything has been done to give assurance of the due delivery of our; mail, according to the contract. A strong feeling, how- ever, prevails that the Australian colonies1 should not be left to the meroy of ono company. A scheme has been set on foot, and is receiving favourable consideration from tho Government, for the subsidising a company fo carry the mail direct, by way of the Cape of Good Hope, by means of steamers of great power and capaoity. Several meetings -have taken placo, at which the project has been very well rocoived. It ia pro- posed that tho steamers should bring out immi- I grants, to the number of 1,000 per month, at a low rate of passage-money, tho Government making up the balance by a grant from tha ' films voted by the Legislatura for immigration purposes. The yield of the gold-fields is still much below that of former years. The- emigration to New Zealand baa carried off, for the time, largs numbors of the moat able and vigorous of our mining population. The following table gives the arrivals from and departures for Otago, sinos the first intelligence arrived here of the 'opening ' of the gold-fields to the present date: rerarturcs during the first ruth .. .. 12,118 So. since resumed emigration' > .. .. 9,70a 22,110 .. 6,275 | ; " Immigration from Otigo Bataneo of emigration.10,8(5 With so largo a reduction in tho ranks of Victorian minors as this tables discloses, it can- not be wondered that a smaller quantity of gold bag been produced in this colony. The gold- fields returns of, the mining surveyors, just pub lisbed, clearly prove that the numbera actually « mployed in mining are u'ow some 10,000 leas than at this timo last year. The escorts for lost week have brought down _!3,916oz., against 27.860oz. for ihecorrespond irg'wcek of last year. In tbe following table tbo fcoparato quantities sent down by the several | mining districts are given side by side, together with'the totals for the years up to date : Castlemaine .. ., Pt-dhunit .. ., ttr-ryborough ,, Jivoca. ¡Talbot (Buck Ore»-) ., Etllärat.. Etglan (Fiery Creek).. ¿raint. li' aavell (Pleasant Orcek)| ii mythctdnle .. Union's Blackwood Moonambel Barkly (Redbank) Totals for tha year« 1802. oz. dwt. 4,078 10 4,368 O 186 0 688 10 567 0 4,768, 0 7631 0 466 10 903 10 4,383 10 468-0 804 10 703 10 1,208 10 28,010 0 838,827 10 1801. oz, dwt. 2,402 10 0,161 10 633 0 6,497 0 4,252 10 763 0 990 '0' l,C5t 0 8,029 0 1,828 0 840 10 27,-eo o 406,008 0 Tho escorts from Castlemaine, Bandhurat, Mary- borough, Talbot, and Ballarat aro weekly; oth.ei every alternate weak. Notwithstanding that the banks havo reduced the rate of exchange on England, the baying prices on tho gold-fields do not appear io have given way. The banks aro buyers at ¿ho rate of £3 13s. 9d. por ounoa tor standard gold, .at which rate local prices may be quotedat-Omeo, Upper Yarra, Shady Crefak, £3 9s. Gd. to £3 Ils. Od. ; Dande ront, Jamieson., and Big River, £3 12s. 9d. to £3 14s. Gd. ; Castlemaine, Bendigo, and Moun- tain Creek, £3 15s. 9d. to £3 16s. ; Crooked Itivjir, Bosrgy Creek, Caledonia, and Anderson's Creek, £3 16B. 6d. ; Maryborough, Dunolly, Avoca, and Raglan, £317s. to £318s. ; Creswick and; Brown's, £316a. 6d. to £3 18s. ; Ballarat and Ovens. £319s. The total quantity shipped during the current yeor has amounted to 501,662 ounces, including DG,33G ounces transhipped from New Zealand vessels. Tho total production of the Viotorian mines for the year stands therefore at 405.325 ounces. In the following table the quantities Ma slated separately'by'every vesso whichTT, sailed since the lût of January:- * 16] Aided .. Giant's Causeway Rangatlra.. Balclutha .. Yorkshire., ¡Omer Patha Rangatlra.. Northam .. Ella. Ann Eright.. Great Drittln .. Copenhagen Rangatlra.. ,, Prince of Wales.. Rangatlra.. ,, true Briton .. Latona .. ., Benares .. ,, ¡Rangatlra Donald U'Eay ,, Norfolk .. Mary Ann Wilson Wonga Wonga .. Agincourt.. ,, Water Nymph. " London.. London .. Sydney .. 'Sydcoy .. London .. London ,. Sydney .. Point du Gallo London .. Liverpool ¡London.. Sydney .. Lomon .. Bydney ., 'London ,. London .. Point de Gallo, Sydney ., Liverpool London .. Hong Kong 8ydney ., London,, Hondón.. The total quantity of New Zealand goldshippcd (rom this port since the opening of tho mines at Otago, has amounted to 229,006 ounces 133 27f> ounces of which was shipped in 1801 ana 8G 3 )f5 ounces during the current year. ' ? J» the foUowing table, the quantities brought into Melbourne weekly by the escorts from all the gold-fields are given separately for tbrea monthB, ending on Friday. In the last column will be found the totals for tho correspondmz weeks of 1860-C1 :- < ' ng f í / II l-l I 1191 2124 1356 1208 9J0 146 ios 354 1010 l18 7160 4150 4524 4041 2831 3S04 £434 2871 3493 6903 3497 4178 0,554 0,303 3,37« 3,910 4,721 3,401 5,880 4,920 4,417 3,915 2,670 6.S20 4,853 S03 1797 352 1418 845 1243 ,763 Í3S7 .562 15S0 720 1212 667 1591 1491 1266 018 ¿«65 D23 1192 3133 2S02 2516 2611 2424 SS51 3284 2695 2766 2230 2140 1611 ~68 290 112 2695 667 678 904 768 753 1004 763 763 763 1176 577 1352 1112 1516 3402 2965 2895 4333 In our opening remarks no have noticed briofly the course taken by the banks with reference to exchange. Immediately on the arrival of tho mail, it became manifest that a decline must take plac'e. The BucceFs attending tho further issua ff Victorian railway debentures on the. London rraiket at tho close of January last, Was con Mneing as to the greater security felt with regard to tho chances of war, and on tha i37lh instant, the banka announced that their buying rate of exchange on England wa 1 nr, and that their soiling rotes were reduced to 1 per cent, premium for sixty days' sight, ii per cent, premium for thirty dajs' sight, nnd 2i per cent, for small sumB at sight. Tie rato charged by the Peninsular and Oriental Ccmpony for the transmission of gold and I ullioa frem Melbourne to the Bank of England is lj' par cent,, including ordinary insurance, but not tiie war risk. The Oriental Bank Corporation charges for thirty days' exchange-Ou Bombay, Calcutta, Madras, 2s. Id. per rupee; China, J». Id. per dollar ; Ceylon, 3A per cent, premium ; Mauritius, 4s. 2d. per dollar"; Singapore, -Is. ltd. per dollar. Bank rateB of discount Bland at \- For two months', 8 per cent.; for throo months' 9 per cent. ; for four months', 10 por u nt. Interest is allowed on timo deposits at tho iollowing rates;-For deposits at thirty days' totice, from IA to 2 per cent, per annum; at three months' notice, from 2 to 2} per cent, ; nt i >* months' notice, from 4 to 4A per cent. _ Tho stock and share market has suffered con- siderably during tho month, but prices havo »allied in tho majority of cases. Mining ¿hares HYP, however, shown but httlo improvement Ai ems. Baillie and Buttern report in their « eekly Circular, issued this evening : " In ourlaetlssuowe anticipated an Incroa'ioof bull i el«, and our Ideal In that rc> p< c1 ha\o becu fully i«. tilled, IniEmuoha-alnrgor amount of steck ha« clisuRtl hi tua during the patt weott I linn in any proyieu» ona nr tomo tlmu back. Tbo demand, though pretty ficr)y mot still exUts, and a cori- idtrib'u nroount of burlucBS may be expected during llio current one. Ve bave very little alteration in quotation» lo unto, 'Xicnt In Colonial Bank ebuiop, which hivo filloa icr.'ldetablT, nnd timid sharoboldm tiavii banoon K ti owhat alarmod. Heavy lone« htvo been talked of, 11 o nilli further drprociatlon 1< oked foruard'to, until vi mis lil almost desigualo llap&niocn; a email scab. * heeffecl IUB boon ttiattho stock, cm trary truths mu»! cuttoru, bas bi on falling rapidly In the Taco of an ap ) reaching meeting, andean now bo had at par, whbont I «IER particularly well supported. It I piobiblothattl» ('anger has beon la'kod Into ita present ptpportlaai, ihO. If rhareholdtrs would patiently wil. the result of ti o moating they might Bud the balança theo*, nit ejulte so bad OB Is generally expected : In any cas», with tbo reservo fund cf ¿60,000, thd aoiitingoat icccunt of £16,000, and the picsenthalf yWsbusl i Cifi (supposing no dividend nore paid),,the banar «mid be prepared to loso atmotblng Hiss ¡2100,000 without touching la. of Its c pit.-1 With tho itock, therefore, at par, and a flouiithlng bitlncca, wo knoar II io botter Investment for monoy at the present ilma than they offor. We trust i hi-lr next report will bo a char and lucid ono, as wo havo no doubt tho illaro holduB would 'prefer knowing tho worst at onco to It lug kept Incúlpense. , " Honey Is »till offifed freely, and at low rates for gcod security. Government debenturesaro still In fair dtniand, at our quotations. Ihe ten per cent, deben- tures of tho Melbourno and Suburban Ballway »ro now in good favour, as high aa£9C havlnit boon offered fir then?, and refuted, lhat being still £16 dlicoiuit, there belog £10 of Interest now duo. " Our business In Bank of Victoria has been con Unta to London rcjliter, 1er which a good demand exist» at £84 : £84 lOi. is tho prlco generally aikel. I>tW South Wales ere still In demand at £30, bat arc not to bo had under £37. national Bank »re a el »do lower than last week, having been, placed at £3 On, : £8 8s. now offered. In Colonial Hank oir . oi ly ralos havo been at £C, at which rato ire arj . »tlllsellera. ..>."," ,. . " B obson'i Bay Ballway have boin sold at £48, bat are not In demandât this rate; a shad« lower, anl nt»y buyers could be met with. In other railiriy ti Mt« we bave no business to report. ¡ *' ¿uslralaslan Imutaneo wo have placed In goal Tai rtla at 38a, anil are still buyers Col-mlal ato vorr li nly held; puicharcra do net »coal liiUincu loaf vi reo; const quoi tly wo havo deno i.o butlnofi la »lim Melbourne remain without alteration, ali in ve have changed hands. ' "Ml-collaneoun stcoks show vory lltlln novo n ent Btudlgo Watorwork» 1 avo beon luqulrfd for, without leading to business. Provideut Iustltute wa bia e placed at Ile. Cd In others, no inquiry. '. WIDCB, with Vf ry ftw exceptions, wa regret to sar, mm to fall still lower In public estimation. Wo Ct- rl'i kneed a Brit <f spaituodicrotlval last week, and a f w Uro« wero dono, but nothing of »îiy'mporianî«. /jcx »rn slill In Ihesamo position from waotif »»ter, Alt ion h»vo found /orno slight support at low rate-. Eeeblvo are alio Inquired fer. Clune» aro not jo Awi tu l*i t week, but we do not expect to seo muck bust J IFS in thom until their shaft Is noirly ccmpletel, \ hin there ft no doubt thoie share« will rite to » i-1 cb higher pile" Hercules will com-rerco cruihlaf ah rly. Jrh-ion's a'e progrefs'ng ilcwlyi tut »re net supported over 10»., at whlcb rato we have doal bualrcis. Ty son'» can bo had much lower, but Arid n J pnrcbMtrs Eaglehawk Union havo been told at 8a. id, but aro not largely Inquired,for. H'»" continu» very much depressed long Gully wehyi icld a* la. 8d., a small lot. Bandy Creek can be hal In heavy parcel», but fow buyers can bo found. »> Jtravd are a »hade lower: for a rm»ll parcel *{» wcnld bo accepted. Victoria Clunes h»ve bera sou *t £700. Wo bay« gTMt pleaiure In «iWlng » mir Hil the 8_cyth6cdalo and Brown's Junc'.lon Sall Sluing Company, which hw the leputation eif bola f ? model company. Tho capítol i« -cual], being onlf J; ooo in 400 aharoa of £10 each, registered nndir l>«'k_VAct. 1-0 gold waa flrat touched In this mia ) ¡berat six months ago, and during that time has pal I loilvid'nds £8,400,or £10 ptr ahare Tho'mot pro 1. orlistwook waa £56?), so that another ettvldundro ./ iviitly b3 exported. The present market valao ot 11 > ,Uiri la £37 10*. We hopa shortly to be ablo to a 11 syeio-l many auch mlnoi to our Hit, tho flourlabli; »'eHy repoita and almost weekly dlvldands frjit ,I,I ii »III, wo trust, glvo a bettor tono to our mlul i - ?I io inarlict, and show tha public generally ti i ill re aro such things, as mines where they ml ; i utily invest thalr unnoy with somo curtil-.ty o! hinuomo return. On Saturday, mooting« wore h > I li. the shareholder«, of tho Beiblvo and Mías Aoso.l ». ,_ i at bulb of which roports showing lmprova I to liions were protented, An oirly dlvlr>ond In th.) ¡o ¡cor doea not socm au improbable event." The following ia a statement of tho tra li j returns of all tho railway lines in operation i'l Vittoria for the mouth of- February, with ths i.erption of tho Essendon, the returns of which line not yet been publii-bed periodically: l'as-- i Mor songore, ehandJ.o. flivernmcnt Lines jl.lbournoondHob foil's Bay ... M.llxmruoandSub-] urban .. . 8t, Kilda and Brlgh £ s d. 8D82 Oil B847I0 8 23001010 112014 0] £ n. d 7827 IS 0] Soles of the following at-lionB havo boa-i df.ctid since tho dat'i of last summary :-Sirath ner on,West, on the Murray, with 10,000 shoe?, i'uclly breeding ewes, and 1,000 head oattlo, LI lierai herd; price £20,000-usual terms. Tai Chttffvnd Station, on the Glenelg, Viotoria,wi. - j COO head of cattle, 3,31)0 oheop, 20 workinr tullock«, 13 horses, drays, tools, and implement«,, lor £11,700; hälf-ca.h, and remainder at ono ail uro years, bearing interest. Tho Eumerella Wev nation, near Hamilton, with 6,200 sheop, 61) ¡i<rosof-land,-nll improvements and station pla -it [iron in. Price, £6,500; usual terms. Tho effect on the import market of the unoor ininty as regards the existing relations betweja Great Britain and tho States of America was .:> »rouse h considorablo spirit of speculation, which did not lead, however, to any correspondíar activity in operations. Every one waa oa the alert, inquiries wero frequent, and tha market presented altogether a brisk appo.tr ante. ' Holders, however, were not anxio-i to press salea, except at advanced rate., and for short credit, and the speculative feeling soon died out- The advices received by tho Northam and tho Bombay are considered to le favourable to holders, and a more buoyant feeling prevails than has been the cass for many months [fast. * In tho following table tho impor.. ind exports aro given weekly for tho current ¡ear, side by side with the corresponding periol-i ti 1801, together with the totals up to date : Imports, 2,708,531 143,220 4U.Í70 187,806 266,860 476,0.1 171,785 \- 287,602 2)6,969 .219,010 196,932 810,012 2,675,801 Exporta. 1801. £ 216,840 232,142 217.2S0 480,093 201,913 80,825 270,016 204,267 869,063 86,161 £02,280 1862. £ 91,153 287,734 232,7tt' 428,613 896,813 126,035 221,122 800,781 299,223 129,284 882,02. 2,740,011 I 2,000,8.» During the former ported the account stood tina: Import» _. .£2,703,281 Export« .. _. .. .. 2.740,011 Inline« of exports over Imports Daring tbe second porlod : Imports . Exports . £36,780 .Oanco ol Imports ovor exports .. £09,012 The following is a statement of the stocks ia tond at the port of Melbourne on the 21st inst. : -Currants, 14 pipes, 13 barrels, 67 coses : »¡fins, 20 balea ; hops, 9 pocketa ; brandy, 3,853 lids. 31.347.J cases; rum, 1,9524 hhds. 107 «ses; geneva,40A hhds.. 60,927red, 1,970green cases; whiskey, 466j hhds. 8,520 casos; old ton, 513 hhds. 13,189 eases ; cordials, 2,487 case) ; »pirlta of wino, 86 hhds. ; other spirits, 147J hhds. 3,379 cases; wino, 3,472¿ hhds. 6,902 cases ; beer, 2.714J hhds. 7,072 caaes and casks ; tobacco, _( hhd., 34 casks, 19 bales, 1 tierca, M4 half-tiorces, 67 quarter-tierces, 66 ke_i, 6,742 three-quarter boxes, 4,1824 cases and toxcB ; cigars, 603 cases ; snuff, 70 package-i ; tea, 31,862 chests, 17,782e half-chosts 11,233 bo-cs ; coffee, 1,726 bags, 174 casks, D2 barrell ; logar, 54.308 bags raw, 22,467 packages ; chicory, 291 packages; opium, 25A oliests, 221 p».k.i0'<-8. Stock in nanda of Victoria Sugar Company :-Colonialdistilled apiri'S, l,070hhds. ; ingar, raw, 385 tons ; do., in procoss, 520 do. do., refined, 478 do. ; treacle, 81 do. In tho remarks prefixed to tho Prlc.s Current, in another column, wp havo referred in detail to tho various changes in the import nvirket. Ia produce tho changes havo been few and uni ap- portant. A better feeling has prevailed among*!; «ool buyers since the delivory of tbo Bombay's mail, with particulars of the closing London public sales of last year. The brokers'report mil be found in another column. Tlio Insolvency Circular for the month of February contains a Hat of 117 schedules tiled in Melbourne, and of twenty-five filed in Geelong. The majority of these refer, as usual, to small tstutcs, tvith limited oSBets, Thirty-eight corti licttßi were granted to applicant in tho Mal bcnrrio court, and twenty to applicants in the Ocflong court. Three cortificatos were suspended m Melbourne, and two refused. The 117 estatal (led in Melbourno may bo thus classified:-2 »ttornojs, 2 auctioneers, 4 bakers, 5 boardini hoii.e-koepers, 1 brewer, 1 brickmaker, 1 builder, 6 c.irponters, 1 cabinetmaker, 4 onrtors, 1 oab drtver, 3 contractors, 1 coachbuilder, 3 clerks, 1 ¿raper, 1 dontist, 7 farmers, 1 fruiterer, 2 gontla nvu, 3 labourors, 1 liverystable-keeoor, lmi ibunst, 1 mason, 1 merohant, 1 milliner, 17 millern, 1 medical practitioner, 1 market gir- ier or, 1 milkman, 1 musician, 12 publicana, 3 painters, 2 restaurant-keepers, 2 snddlors, 9 «'oieiicepers, 1 sodawator-maker, 1 stationer, 1 ikarobrokcr, 1 surgeon, 1 tinsmith, 1 timber. IT reliant, 1 not stated. Of the twenty-five soho iulcB filed at Geelong, the estates may be thui " ilas-iGcd :-1 bricklayer, 1 blacksmith, 1 butoher, 1 carter, 1 coachsmith, 1 coachmaker, 1 drapers' mistant, 1 gardoncr, 2 farmers, 1 labourer, 5 mil em, 4 publicans, 1 plumber, 3 storekeepers, 1 i mt stated. IMPORTS At the Port of Melbourne from the loth Feb- ruary to tho 15th March, 1862, compared with the corresponding period of 1861. 'incultura! un Clements Aliuli-Soda, tons Ap,>Jïl and slops Aa.iuunitlon Two, caps, &c..; Powder.. .. Shot, tons Arma - . CLIH and pistols Aire» root, lb. B>i;« and sacks Ihtk,tons Eecr lottlcd.. Draught liicult, tons ihukcts andwool lens I UH Jo ka .. Tooti and shoes } i «i, luishols llniks Huh .. Hu Wing, No. Irailnvaro .. i ¡iuililnijr material« But tr, tous ' 'alrtígo treo . i idles, touB 1 udlcwiclt 1 uivas .J'l'Mlng.. .hjritgc«, carts. '"ile, empty Cunent .. ¡' «. *, toni f lu ory .. . Minti aro Ciilcr .-'»latona '° 't ami choco '?»ti-, lb... Il,|rw .. toke andfucl, tons toMVctloncry topper, tODa JjOMroie, tons., t-opperwaro and j 'nulwara Cordije, tons . orki Citions .. {Juluy .. Brapery .. Dniii JJTOits' waru í'rtVTOaro fa» . {wey gooda Fish- "" Flesh .. Pfcservod J*utcj, Wife Flour, do.TT^ Iruit Bottled Bii.il . Values. 1801 £ 1,8051 1,781 12,1171 11,606 7,705 3,812 8,187 £00 8,272 47,858 2,872 4" 0,851 10 13,426 8,434 732 1,537 1,035 11,780 600 6 887 8.000 83,832 7,406 046 2,106 305 1,512 8,442 1,804 87.8021 5,071 2,480 912 25,268 2,430 340 1,778 eo 8,203 5,827 32 19,023 17 8,776 65.476 2,033 1,117 8,341 5 7461 11,728 4,08 70] 2 f8; 3,03.i 550 180 SO 1O.490Í IOS 1,014 3185 SOI 5 048 0,030 11,671 1,000 1,032 37« 202,077 8,007 70 1,080 414 8»7| 8 74 769| 9 871 Quantities. 1801. ~80| 7,810 ~92 84.217) 60 055 5,093 1882. ~72 1,344 30,701 5,000 "~61 "~93 5.84Ï 2,2» 1,151 Oreen, bushell Torn Hure and up- holstery lui. Glass Bottles .. Fíate .. Window Glassware ,, ' old leaf .. Grain Earley, bushels. Beans and peas, do. .. .. Gram, tons .. lil alzo, bushels.. Molt, do. Oats, do. Itlco, tons M heat, buBhels| Vndcacrlbed,do Oindcry .. Giindstonc» Habordoshory .. Bair, tons.. Bard ware and| Ironmongery Bats and cups Bay, tons.. Bides, No.. Bollon aro Bonoy, lb.. Hops, do... Hoslory .. Indiarubber goods Instruments Huslcal.. Sclontlflo Iren, tons Jewellery.. Lead, tona Lei-tier, cwt, Iicatherwore Linen * .. Live stock Horned cattle,! 1862, £ 12,643! 91 6,101 13,6101 12,866| 8,216 2 810] 9,010 4,798 166 0 617 166 4,268 363 217 1, 830 10,801 200 680 1,076 40 1861. £ 17,080 0,76t 20( 2,889 86 1.401 91. 3,6801 16,486 4! 8,78! IEOI 0,017 2,001 782 262 8129 6,721" 681 702 16. 076; Quantities. 186Ï. 20,8101 1.8721 601 202 11,4001 74,00t »o. .. Homes, do. Ants, do. Bird» .. 1 oultry.. (.oats, No. Sheep, do. Mschlnory si s tchca and vestas ¡ hitts and rugs .. Ile al- corn, tons Oat, do. Uotal Yellow, tons .. llllllnery.. Volasses .. Kails and scrows, tons Naphtha and cam phlno, gals. .. Vets Nut« Oil Colza, gal. Kerosene, do,.. Olive, do. Sperm, do. Ulldcscribcd.do. OUcloth .. Oilmen's stores .. OnlonB, tons Opium .. Paintings and en gravlngs Paints, &c.; Faperhangings .. Perfumery Photographie good» Pipes-Tobacco .. Plants and seeds.. Pinto and plated waro 1 lumbers' ware Poiatots, tons Preserves.. Printing materials Provisions 1,702! 86] 1,906, 1,5431 4.4S0 *226 60 4 716 £24 11,760 1,112! 16 400 7,670 168 i,8ia| 200 807 4601 6,286 724. 480 14,001 4261 11,6081 171 6,890 2,298! jj 1.! 17 141 1,146 806 17,800 870 100 17,864 Prcaervcd Salted, tons Quicksilver ltailw ay materials Besin Saddlery .. Bago,lb .. Salt, tons.. Bblpchondlery Silks Skins Sim CB, Ko. Soap, tons.. S| ccio Specimens ol tin- tura] JJlstoiy . Spices Spirits Brandy.. Cordials Oin Of wino.. Perfumed Bum .. Whiskey TJndcscnbcd Bpongo .. Starch and blue Stationery Steel, tona Stone Building, tons, bt till ou aro Sugar Te How, tons . ptoca, lb, lea limber Deals, No. Laths .. Talinga, Ko. Loirs and piles, do. . Posts and rails, do. .. Sawn, feet Shingle., do. . Miscellaneous. Tin.. Tin» aro . Tobacco . Cigars . Tobacconists' ware 6,805 too 2,418 6,16l( »CO 465 16 10 816 0711 800 44,000 26,690 eil 6,3b0 1,046 4,1 Oil 2,108 1.153 0 0 672 3it 618 1,818 6,000 190 8,602 10. 1,941 410 4,200 401 2,270 2 20,020 eo 826 16..00 e 2,710 1,161 207 6,12 116,1180 201 26,552 9 446 801 1,600 CO 17,299 8,1)271 3.26-1 1,4-0 5,000 197,670 751 8,268 10,070 1,64. 3,882 1,913 0,730 3,11.1 l8 005 3,210 1,078 143,000 1,7001 ,£41,617 1,500 8,84 52.8CÍ; IS 100 25,837 3,203 251,809 1,938,112 60,000 -1 10,650 EXPORTS. Agricultural im- plement» Alkali-Soda, tont Apparel and slops Arms and ammu- nition .. Arro» root, lb Bags and Backs lark, tons Beer Dottlcd, gals, Draught, do. Biscuit, tons Black sand, do. Blankets and wool- lens Bones, tons Books Bootsand shoos.. Blicks , " Brushwaro Building materials Butter, tons CandlCB, do. Caifeiirig Carriages, carts, ¿te. Casks, empty Cement .. Choose, tons Chicory .. Chirawe.ro Coals, tons Cocoa and choco- late, lb... Cólico Confcctlonory . Copper, tonB Copper ore, do. . t opperwaro and biasswaro Cordage, tons .. Corks Cottons .. Cutlery .. Drapory .. Drugs Si ug gists'waro .. Earthenware Paney goods Pish Baited, tons . Preserved Flour,' tons Prult Dried, tons .. Oreen, bushels Furniture Class-« Bottles.. Plate .. Window Glassware cold, ounces .. train Harley, bushels. Maize, do. Oats, do. Rice, tons "Whaat, bushels Grindery .. Guano, tons Mabcraashery .. air, lons Hardware and Ironmongery . Bata and taps . Bay, tons.. Bides! no. Iii linn are Lin j oi:J linois Quantities 1,592 1,000 1,274 478 1,041 0,880 l18 02 171 146 1,277 9,060 1,206 80 817 776 4,668 66 24 290 660,709 6,910 4 20 10,l61 61 ¿4 3, US 20)1 43'i 876 60 2,747 040 816 1,103 9,eso 10Z 1,287 353 1,721 82 1,246 8,684 8,100 3,554 8,060 44.0SO 12 180 272 84 012,001 1,180 112 8,240 140,218 Í07 ~72 £0 90 5,848 ft 11,668 "~40 11,0401 Quantities. Bouses leo, tons.. Indiarubber gooda Inutiumcnts - Mut ¡cal,. Scientific Iron andstool, tons .lew ellery.. lead Lead ore, tons Leather, do. Lime, bashed* Live stock Cattle, No. Horses, do. Sheep, do. Beor, do. Machinery Maru o Matches and vesuu, Mata and russ . Meal-Oat, toiiB. Metal, j olio w, de. Millinery Molasfca Nails and Bereits, tons Nuts OIlB.. Oilmen's stores Opium Odens, tuns Paints Pointings and en- gravings Poptrhanglngs .. Poifumtrv The tograpblo goi tis .. J> tch and tar Pipes-Tobacco .. Plante and needs.. Pialo and plated ware ] otmom, t.118 .. 1'reecrvea .. Printing material, Provisions Presoned Suited, tona Bags, tons Bail nay materials Eetin Saddlery .. Sago, lb. .. Salt, tons.. Shipcbandlery bilka St ina Slue-, No. Soap, tona Spccio BpccirrcnsofNatn ral History f peltcr, ton« Bplccs Spirits Brandy Cordials. Oin Perfumed Bum .. Wbiskoy TJudescnbcd Starch and blue. Stiiionory "tiUtwaro Sugar .. Tallow, tona Tea Tents and paulina Timber .. Tin.. Tinwaro .. Tobacco .. Cigars .. Snuff .. Totacconlsti' waro Tools and utensils ToyB and turnery Turpentine und tnrnlsb, gals. .. Vinegar, ¿als. .. Y. atones & clocks Wino ?Vi oedenwaro Wool, lb. Zinc, tona.. TJndescrlbcd tar- lo 253 440 021 410 140 140 2,064 10 010 300 3,252 100 18130-1. 400 620 113 2,277 3'0 878 1,400 10,835] 8,010 2,0.9 osi! 670! 70 30 405 314 720 9,876 25 1,348 82,006 0,888 8,448: 11 076! 13,975 100 0,S8E 200 246 776 227 2.4,890 1,900 8,068 101 2,621' -1,(88 351 110,896 0,651 161 2,466 £8 896 1,031 18,028 10,076 0,255 E00 6,480 10 1,63'. 1,600 8,000 6,844 137,797 03 2,889 457 1,850 2,534,823,2.000,427 MELBO-BNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Ofllco, Monday Kvcnteg. On the departure ol tho last month's mall we re- ported market» as unsottlcd, although improved, n.il with a tendency to amended piices. In that condition they continued, no signs appeared of the December mail's arriving,¡»nd week followed week nntll the wont fears were entertained as to bor safety, and her altaos'; unexpected arrival on Friday last was a cause of general satisfaction. The melancholy tiding» of tho death of tho Prince Consort, which reached hero by way of Mauritius cicso after the departure of our February mill, cast a gloom over overjthins;, and It was not until the intelligence of the solution i f the Amor- tan difficulties, and the improbability ot a war with England, was received, that butlpe*» at all settled dewn. In tho nicsntloo, with small arrlvaln taking place, steady cmeumptlon, and a brisk expoit de uauil*, ttocki were reduced, and holders nero «cok ii g better pi IceB, moro especially as tho bulk of ucond c'ass and inferior goods bad been taken fi r shipment to Kow Zealand. I he arrival of tho January mall, conveying tho news respecting hostili- ties with tho Northern States, and bringing advices of. considerably reduced shipments from tho home mar- ket, fuither firmed prlceB, and In moit articles of general consumption a decided advance has been established, Markets, however, although very steady, remain quiet, huyors arc timid of overstocking thom solvi s. Business, although Inactivo, Is In a healthy, sound condition, and provided sblpmont» continue to bf as reasonably mvlo as for tbo list ttroor three months bas been the caso, a steady trade may In looked for. übe departure of so many ablo digger» to the OUgo gold fluid* has througaout tho summer operated ui f.vourubly on the country trade:<,¡ os It was uot orly tho loss of eo many actual consumers, but tho fiorof how many mora would follow. Tho exodus has, howover, gradually decreased, and as coen as tho rainy season, which will coon sot In, commence«, numbers will without doubt return again and ros um j their pursuits lu their old localities, causing an In u ca-ed consumption and Improved oúuntry trade. With thoto few remarks, we proceed to derailed par t'onlarB of the loidingarticles of gontral consumption. Bier, both In hulk snd bottled, bas boon In steady demand all through the month. Aloa of tho new brew, and of preferred brands, are in good Inquiry, and of ready sale, Bash*« Ko. 3 bringing £0 per hhd., and other brands proportionate prices. Bulk stout Is In (tlr demand, and very steady m price, but consump- tion is not extensive Bottled stout has commandod ready ealo, aid prices aro rather inclined upa-aros. Bottled alo hao been In los; active doraand, and inquiry chu fly confined to tho moot profcrred brands. Quota tic ns aro-Ho.-Boss's Ko. 8, now, £9; Allsopp'», £3 6s to £8 10>.; other Burton brewers', £7 to £8 por lihd. ; Joulo's Stone, £8 5s. ; Tonnont's, £7 6s. por hhd. ; Byass'», bottltd, 9s. Od ; london aud Colonial Company's, 93, 3d. to 9s. Cd ; AllBCpp's, 9s. 6d ; other bottlers', 8i. to9s. Stout -Best brands, £610».; oiher browerb', £6 10s. per hhd. ; Byass's, bottled, Its Od.; London and Colonial Company'», 10a Barclay's pi Her, bottled by Friond, quarts, lOi, Od. ; other bot> tins', 9s. to 0J. Cd. per dozen. Bega and Sackt -Three, buchet aacka have contlnuol In stotdy demand tbrotighout tbo month. Sales n-o readily mado at 14s per dozen, but prêtent rates ara not likely to bo maintained, ns tho demand Is in great mo «turo nuppliod. Ounnlea and bogs for bran are In- quired aftor. for wool bags there la nodemand what- ever Bntlor.-Ihe dry warm weather's having again set In has bton very favourable tor Ininorters, ciusing a focd dimaiid and iinproted prices, which uro likely to be auBtalned for a low wetks longer, i ho loed belüg so entlraly burned up tint even with rain it s lu bo aomo 11 tlo tine liofori) -hero will bi svfiiclont fr. ah mado to lintrfero atith imported. Newly-landed« pit cols of doublo rose Cork ara srlling at from In. 1 J, to li. 2d., ml tome holder, ato asking Is. 8d. per lb. Candles.-Coinand haa boon very tto&dy.; Stocks o! all kinds aro much reduted, and prices huve advanced. Bo'mont sperm are scarce, and held for higbor r»teJ. Quotations sr.- tvovn atearino, 1« ?_d ; Bt-ltnont sperm, la. 2_d. to 1>. 8d, ; Halo's and Ogleby'., lo. 2d. t. la. 2jd. pot lb. Cat vas baa bacome considerably lestenod in stock, and moderate parcels c1 both medium and go d find ¡nie at Irom lljd. to lid. per J ard. Ccmontia hoavily stocktd, and dall. Prices aro, however, rather firmer, Fortland Is quoted at 108,, and Boman at IBs, per barrol. Coals.-The au polios of English aro very modcrttij, but colonial are plentiful, ana tbo better sorts ard of ci]u«l value willi Kmtllth, prices of which are quoted at frtm 33s, to 84a, per ton, lu til a bay ( onfeotlonery.-Demand lim much lmprovod both for consumption and «xuort. S tecka are nearly clearoi and prices firm, astoitcd sorts bringing 10d. to 10 jd. per lb. Cordage.-Tho market la auppliod, but holders ara generally firm and Inditp -sed to toll under quöllet on«, which aro as follona :-Europe, £80 to £38 ; Bunston, £40 ; otiir, £80 to £33 ; Manilla (assorted), £60 to £62 por ton ; «hop twine, lOd. ; twine, tewing, 13d, per lb. DrngB.-Bat littlo change baa occurred in tbo» articles. Stocks of opiem me conaldernblo, and silo) dull Soda erjatal«, owing to largo order« for other markets, bavo improvtd, but otbor gooda romain dull of tale and low in price Quotations aro ;-Opintu, Faina, £260 to £200 per cheat, duty paid ; preparod, 27s Oil to 28s per canister; soda crystals, £7 10s to £8; ooria ash, £11 to £12 por ton ; rulphur* flour, ! 20F. to 21». porowt ; carbonate sodt, 18s. to luí. por ' cwt. ; tartarlc acid, 2s. Oil per lb. ; or am of tartar, la. I 6d. per lb Earthenware -A fair advance) I« prooui able for gool I atsurtmtnts, but gonoral involoia are by no moan) brisk of ».'.le. Fish, Dried and Silted- LiiigBsb, of primo quality, Is In bettor demand, and price la h_pre.vi.if; and. tor both red and white herrings thcro ii fair inquiry. Prices are :-Ling, 8Jd. to 4 J el. ; berringo, red, two de zen tina, 21a. to 27s. ; white, In firktna, 10). to Its ed.; In tins,0s. to 0i. 6d. Flour and Grain.-Tho mattet (cr brosdttulla lui be en In an Inactive condition throughout the month ; n feeling bad gono abroad that the Decetnbr r mall v ould bring consldorablo order» (or tho homo market, and her prolonged abience unn.ttl.'d the' niarkot, i (though prlco« were sustained -ho arrival, bow i ver, of tbe January mall dtatlpated tbe expectation, tnd left the market in a languid o.iidlilon. I'll) tip-country milla, supplied, at any rate for a ctnaidcrable portion of the year, from their otv i lo mediate district», ara enabled lo toll at town 1 rices on tbo rpot, laving cartago to the dealer J, vbono longer draw their supplie« (ron town. WJ rrccnlation exists, and ecsrcol. am shipping is goin? tut, to ti»t tho trade ia almost confined to the supply nt the city and subura . Prl oj nf wheat aro cn .Lar, and aa autpll« el ft mr drop in from ti o uflxlib-iuri og cole lilt», ratea may Mrl« le cx-.'ckdto el.e'leio. Ol'.. len sin v.rr alin-ty, conn« . i> i' n I col H OMI ¡¿-i , an ji.csttr li tu . E,t-!e> lisaa'lyU lylji;iriiV ilia ircslry, and »ales of OOlfonian havn benn reoor'n 1. Qcctatlora aro :-Flour -Tasmanian. £12 to C1? ICa : Adelaide. £13 to £1310», superfine, £14 ; Dall frrnlan, £U 10s. to £12 per ton ; United Btato«. 88s 1rt 87». per barrel Whcat.-Cnlonlal, 4s. lOd. to fe. : Adelaide. 6s. to 6*. 2d. : Californian, 6i. jwrbnshel. Oats.-Irish and Scotch, 8s 01 to3i, td ; Californian, 4s to 4s 3d.; colonhl, 4s. 6d.to 4s. gd. per bi ihel- Barley.-Halting, fli 6d. ; feeding, 4s. to «a (k1 per brunel Maize, Sydney grown, fit y r bushel. Malt, 109 Od. to 11«. Gram, £} . > £10 per ton Bran la 3d. per bushel. Scotch oifc r ral, £16 to £19 ; colonial, £25 por ton. Fruits (dried).-There hu boen a tolerably fair c!e n mrl existing, which Is likely to improve, the season 1er fresh fruits bang notrly at an end. Good curraiti i re very moderarery Etccked and In fair request Q io li ferns aro:-Currant», ed. to ejd.' Balslm (now), «.'mcatel, led. to lid ; Cape, 7d to 7}d. Orcoerlea.-CoflVo ha» been In steady but not ox "naive Inquiry, at unaltered prices ; stack« are but trciVrate, and a« the winter approaches and corsam?. lion Incienses, price« will, In all probability, be sin ' «ired. Wo noticed In our last monthly report tho L> avy arrivals of sugar ; and an attempt having been li »de In the early part of the month to force tho mar kit, a oanelderablo reduction in prlcos took place Of til» tho trade availed themselves, and being thus. ? irrked at low rates, bave not been much i i tho mar 1 ft »Ince. Thereha>, however, within the last woek, I ern a rathor botter inquiry, and prices ara somewhat f irrer, »nd rro oxprcted to regain tho rates rulinsr -1 lor to tho fall, In rice there has heen a fair trado <'i leg at nnaltrrod «Ices. Tea -Messrr. Robertson .i d Fveranl furnish Iho following report :-"Thi ?" eltham arrived on the 13th lnat, with datai frrm none .Kong to January Bl. Wo aro alBO in receipt of the ulimlne mall, per Bombay, of the pro a 'on» month, on the 22nd lnst, having broken har i crew shaft, and bud to bear up to the Mauritius to j » tit. Tho only arrival from Ohloaslnco onr last is . lo Sarcnel Falcs, from Hong Kong, «io Syr"noy ; but i lilf arrival doe» not add to onr stock of teas. Iheadvlces > i 'the Northam are of a »atlif» ctory chars ot er as regards II * futnre prospects ol this market Every probability 11 w exists that the very heavy stocks will be muah -(duced heforo tho tea» of season 1833-03 ounmenoe . r arrive. Thin waB muoh required, a« tho nnantlty on. ) ar.d had assumed very heavy proportions. TI>o steady ilimsnd, however, for homo conBnmpt'oii .wl ixnort vin soon bring stocks to a reasonable o.-irpisi, an! t> o large ho'dtrs will bo able In a short tirr.o to milloo their limit« on the parcela mest In demand In our 11 eliminar? remarks, It wonld bo as woll to no'.lco tho act (hat our market Is entirely e'earod of green toa <i «very description, and arrivals now, in moderato rnarvtltlri, or riyarnskln. young hTson, »nd gun t'wder (Canton and country klndi) wou'd roaltaa \<n frond profit» to the phlpprrs. II, Is as wall I' tear In mind that Itlsavcty limited maikot for i)cm toa; bot this Is no reason whv shlpmonts ihruld he altcirfther neglected. Tho auction saloi a'nre our laBt have not b'on viry Important. The íliit WÍB on February 23, whon arn-u '. 4(0 pickpprs of i cry ordinary congou, lncho>te and balf-cheit«, of old In port, wcro tried, hut nene sold. On March 0, the rtipo of Ihn Despatch, conMntlrr or 2,127 chess l 4F6 half cheats condon, and f>0d boioi 8. O. P, passed the hammer. Tho ortgous wore el a very useful doss, be'ng black-loif, ra »li ou g to strong, lomo flav.ury, and tw) thrps very high burned; all, h'wvor, woro withdrawn, the trado not fooling inc'Ined to bill pub Hely. March 10.-Tha damae-rd and broken DO-.¡on of tbo Despatch cargo. roaHzlne full rate« (865 p.ok agta), vit. at froml«.8i to 1B. Od. per lb.; (or scentoJ rrtrge pekoes Is. 91. Marob 18 -600 packages, por J i-f hn« Bates, weronold'wlthallfanl a'- 83}cheatooin gou.rmall Hick leaf, but a redrlt d and firo-l tin, at Is. 2d. for lb. ; 80 cbeats, 169 ball cheats, l8' boxe?, very low j. ronikln, at Is 4d tola. Od per lh Horch 11. .The cargo of the Cores, but only a few sold, tho 1m I otters' limits relng above the current ratos. Two cr.rpfl wore withdrawn, having Veen sold privately 1ro chopa, the best in the ship, sold-ono In the» re cm, and the otber alter the* sal"-at In. PJd. In la. lOJd. per lb. Nino-catty boxes ot good Maikiah leaf congou soldat la. ICd. ;>r,dbix«ite.-ntoil «ir»ng« tekco. at 2a. March 20.-460 packazc«, tho «'treated and broken portion eil tho cargo of tho Corea, »11 «old-tie congous, at fcom la Sd. to la. 7d ; irenled orange pekoe, at la, 8d. March 21.-800 cheat«, «X Fórmese, a thcrt shlp-r-.ntof tho Esmeralda to Pt dney, and 750 cf old import, worot-led, but all with dr»am above market rates Thcro »r« nn further rales ail vrrl li ed. BlackTear.-Congou, nntll after tho dolivory of Ibe trail per Northam, rrmaincd at prevtonsquot>tl-ns; tut tinco a decidedly batter feeling baa mat Ifostoil itself, not so ranch In tbe amount of bualncaz dono ai In lh« fineness- ol hollers, and an evident 'doslre to trcr.aae stocks at lato quotations 4 few days alnoo tn offer tllghtly under current ratea of ovor 2 00!» i belts congou waa rofoae-d, while f-r good and lina torpón an lnc-rascd frolinc is manifesting It« If that arciball ron short heforo noitt season's supply anltoi 1 bli we think likely, at tbe bulk e f the consumption inna on the good common fltvoury black leaf to hlic'c '*af «trong and flavomy, willi a-< incroislng dlrpoal lien (or the finer kinds. IVo n ay how remark that '-hore Ia now a good dorcar.d for very ordinary to i cur el blaeklih leaf kinds; In l.alf-cluo'.u, larg) i árcela cou'd ba sold at tully li!, per lb. < vr tho como quantities in chests. Couohong-None 'n market ; gool would Boll. Pruchong-TJcaaleablo. Orlcrg-But Utils demand. F/ow.rv Pekoe-Un .«.cabio; noro In market Oravco Pckc-e, plain Non« In market. Scented Ortrgo Pokor- Hie market has been falrlv supplloel ; tho demand has alto hoon food, prices kecplne pretty even Pa'oa bsvo beon ir.ade at In, lid to 2». rd Fconted ' »por.-Nono of gord quality In tho market. Drem Tea -AU deicrip nena of green aro cleared out of the market. Arrivals r ow would brit ir very full prices Borne spuricna ruado Cantongunprvd'r that otlmrt time (-Ince would not lavo realised n-ore than 0J. pir 11)., baa been Hold e nt t f arcond hind at In. Id. ; fair byBonskln cr t »-.in- lay would foil at Is fd, and a g-'od mado Talton f «npowder, 2s. to 7a. 4d Othor greens wou'd bring I roprrtlnnato rater, with tbo exception oí tho fln«m, tor which there la no salo at payable rates. All tho etiolation« aro at por lb. In bond. On tho wbolo, wo ibink tho market ene ursglng for hnlderB-under any lircumitances for good black loaf kinds congou, hut for ti a common kinre of course much depend, upon ibe quantity coming forward darin;: the loniaiod.r of the .eason." Quotations aro ¡- Cottee (Inbond).-Cey- lon plantation, 9d. to lOd. ; native, 7d. to 7}d. ; Java, 7d. por lb. Sutrar (duty paid).-Cotelporo, No. 1, 68s. to oin. : Mauritius, low to Uno yellow, 81a. to 80s. ; low to fine brown, 838. to 80s. per cwt. Blre.-Patna, £18 to £18 10a Gunpowder.-Spéculation on the chance of n war canted a rapid advanco, and nominally tbo prlco wai Is. She lato advices have, bowovor, atoppod purchases, and quotations aro given of boat blasting aorta at 8 J. ptrlb. Bops havo slightly Improved In demand, and prlcos »re Armor. By auction, calos ot last yeal'« brought %t. 2d. por lb ; Importer«' quotations, however, are Kent and Sussex, 1800, le lCd. to 2B ; .801, 2«. 3 J. to ïs. Gd. per lb. Bardware and Ironmongery are s.i 1 heavily stocked and dull of salr, without any appearance if early amendment. Me tal».-There Is a fair dorrand for medium brands of corrugated Iron Zlno is wanted, and flret arrivals will find ready salo Bar and rod iron aro htavyin stock, and in but little dtnund. Sheet lead lo some- what firmer, but still dull. Tin plates aro again heavy, and, with tho ample Buprly o i hand, aro not at pieaent likely lo Improve Quotations are: Morewood's patent corrugated galvanized '.tuned, 24 and. 26 gaugos, £35 per ton ; Morewood't cor , ugated galvanized, No. 2, or uni Inncd, £38 10s. Jo. ; Topper's do., £3810c do.; Hainlltou'o or other Bul- lish maker'», £32 do.; Scotch, £80; More-wood's galvanized tinned plain, 28 nuil 28 gauges £10 do. ; Tuppor's, or other Engliah ninkor's, £38 do. ; Scotch do., £85 do. ; rod anil b?r, best btalfordshlro brand», BBH, £10 do, ; do., Scotch, £9 lP-.i. do.; plat«, £13 do. ; shoot assorted, £15 do ; snglo and T, £11 do, ; hoon, £12 do. ; pig, £4 10-:. do. ; Swedish, no »»lo. Lead-Pipe, w ntcil nta, £28 to £21) do. ; sheet, milled, atsoilcil, £'5 10a. do. ; shot, assorted, fi80do. Qulckhihcr, li td. nor Hi, Stool-Bliitor, es 6a. per owt. ; raft, £210s. do. Hu-Block, 1». Od. toll. fid. per lu. ; pii.t'.-tt, charcoal, IO, platur», chrr coal, IX, 16 per cent miranee Wire-Fuming, black, £1410 i, psr tciiîgïhunirfd, Mob. 1 to 5, £t8 do. Zinc- Boiled, light, £Si do ; do nails, £2 8s to £2 ]0» per owt. Oilmen's Stores-Tbfro lias b:cn n fn'r demand for ncaily all descriptions Piokloi.salsdoil, and tar- dine» «ro scarce. Foail buley'smuch wanted, MuiUtd In tins, lib. salmon and thuoi'i bluo arc la Improved demand. J.ims and fruits aro ruthcr ,<it,ru ar.tuab o iban of lato, but at low men. Quotation» are «s lollowa:-Blue, tbomb, J I'd. per lb; cunio powder, quarts, 13s. to 14P. per drzon; fttitU, Imtiled, quarts, 9o. Bet, do. ; Jams and Juhle?, 1 lb lins, ÍCB.CÍ'. i'o. ; lobster», lib. tins,American, Es di. de; umoroiil, 7Jd. pcrlb.; vermicelli, white, Naples and Gone», ed. do.; mustard, In hulk, Ko 2, 8jil. do. ; do., in lib, boulon, 12s. Cd. per dozen ; do., in i ib bottles. Sa do. ; oatmoaJ, £19 to £20 per ten ; oyster», proton ed. Uti, tia», 16B, to 16s. Oil. per dozen; do., 21h. Un«, )7s, ti 80s, do ; pickles, quarts, 10s- to Ho. Id. do ; do. pints, 9s. do. ; prcsoryed meats, 21b. tins, wanted ; salad oil, pints, 14s. por dozi'n ; do, half-pints, 7". Od. do. ; «almeo, preserved, lib. tina, 17s, Cd. do.; jardines, halves. Ila do. ; do, quurters, 7s. do.; Bftuccn, assorted, half- plnls, 7s. do. ; do. Worcestershire (Lea and l'errlu»'), 12*. to 12a lid. do. ¡starch (Column's), 6 jd. per lb.; vinefrnjr, hi own (Champion's 24), Is. lOti. per fallon ; an, concen- trated, quarts, 9». to 10s. per dozen ; white wine, la. Cd. per gallon. Oil», Paints, So - .hern Is at lrngth a (T't'onl Im- provement both in Inquiry and value rt thom poid?. White and red lead are In bolter demand. Turpentine continues moderately supplied emly. Unseed oil Is In Jalr request ; colza oil likely to become toircc Chineas rather dull, its salo biilDg interfered wit I by ii lu morts, Prices aro.-Liusotd oil (raw), St. Od. ; bi-i'i-n, 4a. ; colza, 6B.; Chinois, Is. 3d. to 4». Od.; torpci.tias, t» per gallon. Whitelead, host, 38i ; ted load, 80s. por owt. trevision».-Ths Inquiry for primo parcels of lmnu, tacon, and cheese continuos gooJ »rd prkm huva stcadhy advanced ; tolly Uno qualltlos aro b corning »caree, and with the nsodoiate ablpnicntu from ' tho homo market», thero aeeinano prospect cid-c1 mo on the ruling price». Quotations aro :-Bacon- Varey'», I2Jd. ; Sinclair1«, I2äd to 18jd. ; Cotnpton's, 12JI. Barns - Varey'*, 14d. to 14J; Sinclair'», 1 4Jd. to 16d. ; Onmberland. 12d ; Westphalia, 8d. per lb. Cheese-Double Oloucestor, It-, Id. to Is. 2d.; Wiltshire, la Id ; CheeMic, U. id. to Is. 2d. ; Oonda, 7(1. to bil. per lb. Fork - Irish mon, £4 6s. to £4 10». por barrel; beef, M per tlerco. Sall »malus uniltortd in value, them 1« II lair tied« dulcg and stocksa-o gradual}- lessening, liverpool- Finn au J coarao, are quoted at from £4104. to £6. Spirits - Brandv, slnco tho airlvnl of tbo mall, his shown increased firmness, without any iliclJcd ad- vance havine tal cn placo, f-ales if «ovoral moderato parc'lsof MarlcU's »roiepottedat about Ila. 9,1 ; the renket rate however (or this rrand Is 12s, und othtr lortB luloatprcpottlouatorAtos. Of British luaudiia tho inatkct Is almost cleared. Whiskey is u util re- duced in B'eck and of fair Bale. Geneva lit« boon a|i>culuti>ely operated In, and as Imports are- moro Decorate and consumption large, pricea ator.dvano lug. Bum isaleoln better request, acúpriccsflimer. Old Tom continuos In but little Inquiry. 1 he following; are quotations :-(ln bond).-Brandy, Martoll'B dark, 12s. to Vii. 8d : do. palo, 12s. (k1, to 18B. per {[allon; llenncssy'a do., 11s. 9d.tol2n. pergRllon; pale, 12a.; Otard's, 10». Sd. to IO1. Od. do. ; United Vine yird Proprietor»'do., 10«. 3d.; Ohampnguo Vlneyaid Proprietors' Company's do., 10s. Od., pile Ile. do. ; Tlnegrowera', 10s. do. ; other brancU do., 6s. to 8». do. ¡pale, Martoll's or Hennessy's, 80B. cor dozen cato; do., u.V.Proprietor»', 20s.do ; Yiuojrowcr«', 26« do.; ©campagne "Vineyard Proprietors' Companj'a, 20«, to Mi. do.; Clouzccu'»,í4'i. do. Ueueva- JDKZtrksy liitd.lSs. 0.1. t iUf ;e> iiiur-naUrn eve; du, 110,7c (d jtr hnlf-CT.«- ; do., clhir brandv, 10s, to lu», per caae. Oin-London old torr, bert brands, 2a. ed, Stn- gallon ; do,, da, 13c. (3d. per dosen. Bum oat India, 20 to 80 o.p" Is. Od. to 2a. Bd. per gallon ; Weat India, 10 to 12 o.p., 8s. 3d. do. ; do., 20 to 80 o.p., 8a. Od. do. Whiskey-Iriah,Mehan'a, 4a. Od. do. ; Scotch, bott, 4s. 3d. do. ; do., bott brands, 13s. per doxen cato. Timber.-Incre Is flri-nets exhibited, ospcolally la Boering boards, for which the country demand baa _mpiov(d, Baltic deals are wall hold, and althctgu no extent o( business Is reported, tba rales, made baTO boen at (all prices. Quot*. tiona are:-Oregon, £8 10a. to, £0 10a.. per 1,003 feet. Cedar-Logs, 22s. to 25s. per 100 foot; board«, 1 -Inch and upwards, SJd, to id. por foct super. Lumber and shelving, £9 ll)a. to £10 10s. per 1,000 lost. Dcala-Bed, 9x3, 6Jd. per foot; 11 x 8, 7id. do. Scotch-prepared Jlooring, 0 x li, 13d. pjr (bot ; Ox J, ljd. do. ; 6 x ä, lgd. do. ; Ox J, l}d. do. Pitch or hard pino, 1-lnch, £16 per 1,000 foot; 11-inch, £16 do. Clear plue, 1-lncb, £19 to £20 por 1,000 foot. Tobacco romains uncbangod In poaltion. Stocks aro flat rednolng, and holders enttroly command the market. By auction last week the following tales wore effected :-Toamts, Leonora. W. Barrett's, Bouquet, and High Tower branda, at 2s. lid.; liberty brand, 41b. lampa, la. IJd. to le. IJd. ; Diadem twlat, at 2a. 6d. ; Kangaroo brand, tens, la, Od. ; Briton'« emblem brand, Is. 8cL ; T. II. Daniel's do., to__, lu. 2d. ; Allau - do., tent, Is. 8id. ; Queen's Own, ¿lb lumps, la. Ed. to la. SJd. por lb. Holder»' prices, however, are :-Barratt., 8s. ; other brand«, 2a. ed. to Sa. Od. ; halves, la. 7d. to Is. Od. ; ton», li. 4d. to Is. 6d. ; sheepwash, 7d. Win««.-Tho market la again doll, tbo Increased rat) i f duty appears to operato unfavourably and cheoat transactions. Quotations ara -.-Port-per pipe, £25 to' £60 ; in bottle, 18t. to 31s por dor.on. tjhorry-por batt, £20 to £86 ; bottled, 16s. U 80s. per doaoa. Champagne-2C8. to 3 Is. por dezen. Clarot-10s. to S4». per dozen, _ MELBOURNE MARKETS. MONDAY, MAKCII 24. THE MILLS, Tbc demand (or flour continues Inactive, thi ttade continuing to purchase only to tho extent of their immedlato requirements. Quotations aro, how- ever, unchanged :- Fine flour, £12 to £12 10a. per ton ; oatmeal, £25 per tem ; bran, la. 8d. per bushel ; Wheat, 4s. Ed. to 6a. per bushel. BXTAIL MABKKT8. Batcher«' Mest.-Beef, 2d. to lid. por lb. ; mutton, 8d. to IJd. do. ; vor.l, ed. to Od. do. ; pork, 8d. to 9d. do. Poultry.-Turkeys,-lOa to 12a. each; geose, 14s. to 16s. por pair ; docks, 7s. to Sa. do. ; (owls, 6s. to 7a. Od, do. ; rabbltu, 8). Od. to 4s. Od. per brace'; bntter, freth, 2a. to 2s. Set. por lb ; oggs, 2n. 6d. to 2s. Od. par dozen ; milk, 8d. per quart; bread, 7d. to Ed. tho 41b. loaf. HAT MABKKT. Merni. Butler and Mots report aa follows : *? Tbero baa been ancver supply throughout tho week, which caused a declino upon Inferior Borti. Quota tlonB for heit romain as last reported :-Bot hay,. £9 to £8 10a.; lnforlor and second elans sorts, £ti ti £7 10a.; straw (whoa.), £2 10a. to £8; do. (oat) £4 to £4 6a. per ten." Mr. James Fenton furnlahos the subjoined re- port :-" I he supply and demand are aboat-equal, and prices aro Iba same as last week, ranging Iron £61Ufl. to£810s. ¡ttraw, £2 10» to £1." . KASTiBH MABKEI. .<\- ? There waa a (air supply on Saturday and an aollv. buslnets doing. Vegetables of all aorta wero lu Íood demand. Turnip, wera lather moro plentiful han of late, bat (hoy continuo very saleable at lorn; Srlcea Onions wero a shade higher than Uat Sunr- ay. In (rall, pears are gelling Bernice, and good sam- ples wero oagerly bxght up. Apples continue abund- ant and cheap. Good grapes brought (air prices; vor/ (owofinfcrlorqualliyt.ro no* brought to market, a they can bo sold privately, (or wlno making, at £14 to £18 portón Tho following wero the prices realized : - Vefotablea.-Basil, Is por dozen bunches; Beana (kidney), 2d. to 3d. per lb. ; boot, la. 6d. pcrdozon; Douqueta, 0«. to 12a. por doren; cabbage;, 2a to lía, per dozen; carreta, 8d. to la. Od. per dozia bunch« ; celery, 2s. Od. to Ci. per dozen ; eros«, water, Is. por dozen bancbes ; cucumbers, Od. to 2s. por dozen ; garlic, Cd. per lb. ; horrecradlsb, Ci. to 6B. per dozen slicks ; lavender, la per doson bunches; lock, Od to 8.1. per dezt-n bunches; lottu.o, ed. to 2s. per dozen ; marjoram, Od. to 8J. par d zen bnnches ; mint, Ed per dotan hunches ; onlu-u (dried), 13a. to 16s per owt. ; do. (green), la. p.ir ck zen bunches; parsley, 2a, to io. eld. per du JOH bunches ; parsnips, 1B (Id. io 2s. per dozen bunchaa ; peas, 8d. to 8_d. per lb. ; potatoes, 5s 6d to 0. pi: owt. ; pumpkins, 6). to 12«. per dozen ; nullah, Is. per dozen btinchea ; rhubarb, la. to la. Od. p.H dozen bunches; sage, dil. to 8d per dozen bunoho. Shallots, 4d. per lb ; thytno, Od. toSd. per dozen bunches; turnips, 2s. 01. to 8«. nor dozen banclios; t- rr a' oes, lid. toi Ji. per lb.; vegetable marrow s, 2s. 0.1, i o 8s. per dozen ; capricarns, 4d. per lb. ; îhlllee, Od. pit lb. Srulta -Almonds, 3d per lb. ; apple«, 2d. to 7d, fier lb.; damsons, 4_d. peril) ; grapea, Bil to Is. pot b. ; melon» (water), 4s. to 6«. per doun ; do. (rock), 4s. to Sa, por dozen; ela. (prcaervim), 4«. to O', por dozen; peart, 8_d. to fu. per lb.; plums, 6J, por lb. ; quinces, 2d. por lb, Dalry Produco. Butter, Is. 6d. to Is. Od. par lb. ; duel;», 4a, Gd to 6s 6d. per pair ; eggs, 2i. to 2s. 2d. per dozon ; goba«, 10a to 12a. per pair ; hens, 8s. Od. to 4a. 8d. per pair j boney, Is. per lb. ; pigeons, 2a. por pair ; rabbit«, 8e. to 6a. per pair ; suoklng pigs, 7s. osck ; tar- ko] D, IO., to 16s. por pair. WOOI., TALLOW, AND HIDES. Meiers. J. H. Clough and Co, etiprly Iho lellcwlng report :-" Wool.-Our last report wa» by the Bonsrcs, on tbo22ndult., sii co which wo have- received tac December home »dv eos hy tho missing mail i.hip, Bombay, al a'se by the January insll steamer, Northam, tho tenor of which togither lise complotoly proi trat ed prloeu hero, for at tbo two public auction taloa he'd since tho mall news, at which 2,510 bales were offered, only 540 bales wera sold, though sorao p&rco; B changed bands prlvatolv afterwardi. Tbo atlondanco c1 buyers was small, bidding] sphltlian. ard for many lo'B »caroaly an cil'or could bo obtained with the ox eep'.lrn ol greasy wools, all of which found roaily buyers at a declino of about Id.' par lb. : for othor descriptions i caret ly a quotation eau bo given, Tiio mole pacific nature of the advices by the January niall scoroB to havo had the tfl'oct of lusptiicg more confidence arnon; thogrowsrsihan among buyois, anl accnelrleratle quantity of thowoolslylng!over for Borne wctkBbaokhave, thonfoie, now been shipped forward onai count of tbo former, rather than submit to iho re- duction demanded by the latter. The following ships havo cleared eteco eur last, viz : -February 21, Irttonn, with 1993 Mlis ; February Í6, Donald M'Kay, 8,277 bale» ; March 1, norfolk, OBI hales ; Mrrch 16, Ayircouit, 1.068 talcs ; March 16, Water f.'»moli, 1,686 bales. Total, 8,641. ,P.-oviou» shipments, 03,219. Total, 72,003. Tho Custom» clcara-eos hnvo hícn-i Ficm February 22 to March 15. 2,0CD,4271b ,- valuo, £187,507. Provloua shipment», from Oc-.cbtr 10,1801, toFebrualJ 16, 1852 11,071,2511b.; valuó .CS00.810. Total shlpmonts, 13,980, CEUb. Total vc.luo, £1,037,097. Tallow-During ti,o month there baa been an ac- tivo ir qulry for shipment, tho nilvlcci first to hand, however, by tho Lindon Januury mail, has sorao-.-ri-.t. checked opération?, au they report u deo.lt o of ab jut 6a. por owt Our quotations aro for good beef and mixed tallow, £38 to £88 per ton ; mutton, £10 to £42 ; at which prices we havo disposed of eoverallots, The shlpmon's have beon since our last-February 2ft, per Donald M'Kay, 1,463 casks ; March 1, per Norfolk, 96 casks ; March 16, per Agincourt, 104 casks, Total, 1,662. Hides.-f hero has boen veiy llttlo inquiry, ano T Ü »iles havo boen cflVcted for shipment »Inca our last, and the shipment» aro consequently on account of the cuicrs. Good town-cured hides in shipping order uti worth IBs, 6d. to 14s. 00. eacb¡on board, including nailing down. Tbo following shipments havo boon made :-Februarv 21, per Latona, 16,289 bliloa ; March 16, per Wator Nymph, 7,200. and 1,602 ctlfl »bin» ; total hides, 22,489. Sheepskins-Wo havo disposed of largo lots at from 4Jd. to 8Jd, por li "J LIVE 8TO01C. Messrs W. B. and A. 0. King icport :-"Du'lng the last low weeks a tri fling advance lias been obtained on thovprko» of fat sto^k, although thry «ore brought forward In vory large munt era. Prim« heavy bullocks havo sold aB high as £7, but for fair nverngt qualliy, £8 10s to £4. Sheep have improved con- siderably. Primo wethers sell readily >t from 15s. lois», and aiollkcly to incienso in valuo Xhlimaikethu boei affected by tho largo number of owes which aro usually sold as fat being kept far broeaincc purposes and by exportations of wethers to Now Zealand. Ir conn quenco of the prospco: of a settlemont of tin land question, und the ro Issue of the dospasturlng IICCLCIS, squatting property has been In demand. Ne dcubt can cxiit as to tho ultímalo prosperity nt Ihl ooli ny if this Intcrost was fosleri>u as Impartially at any oilier; capital would aga'n How to our ehoroi ni el our numberless disappointed miall farmers, um tlieio who wanted to he iquattera under Iho iheltsr o occupation licences, will And ampio employment ii: pi ¡volo service, Eovoral stations and atocle have lately i banned hands, at about £1 per hoad for thn sharp, wltb the run given In, £1 per ano beleg usually civ« lor tho pre-emptive right, or any other purcliasoe lind. Wo havo sold a email station In iho W<st Wim meta District-Chetwynd-with 1,000 hosd or-cattle 8,100 eheop, pro-emptlvo right of OdOaoros of purchisoil lend, and estimated area ot run (06,000 acres), foi £11,7CP. Also, u modoratoly improved station lu Portland district, with 12,000 Bhecp, lor £11,125. in oral largo stations in Kow South Wales, but on the frontier of Victoria, have changed owner.) at fie m Se. Od. to 3'. por aero for the right to occupy, V o havo sold r.ne on the Blilaborg Creek, comprising 1,1-out 180,000 acres, without stock, but imorovcU by fei dig, for £10,600." Mostis. Power, Hullictford, and Co. furnlili tbo au roxed report:-'Fat C'altlc-Number In, 1,761 1 ead-trade, 1,601 ; country, 60 ; sont out, 200. Total, 1 761. Tho lauriet this wetk has again boen gltittoj ( hiefly with niiddhntf and Inferior qualities), which las had a mest deproislng lnflucnco on prices, thi i verano bolee; 10a. to 15». per lt:ad lower than tin ; revlou« weoVs s iles, cvsn prl.no stock suffering con ildorably Oom the heavy suppllos of inferior cattle Our »ales are-3C0 head (Messrs. Mackinnon am Iydlard'a), fair quality, at £3 2». 8d. ; 78 do (Mr. K Crem'»), fair quality, at £8 ¡800 do (Mr. H OyWHO'S) mixed quality, at £2 14s. ; total, 078 hoad Quotations :-Beat bullocks, £4 to £5 ; second do., £| to £4 ; Inferior do., £1 10s. to £3 ; best cows, £4 ti £6 5>. ; second do, £2 to£4. Fat Calvos - Numbsi lu, 66 head. The demand was pretty good, nud tal« loadlly effeotod at from 16s. to 60s, per hoad. Fa' Hu op.-Number In, 9,300 bead. Trado, 8,890 country, 470;shipping, 370¡turned out, 106.. l'otal 9,196. Wo had a brisk demand throughout tho wook gecd quality selling readily, and altogether tun ni«' kel may he quoted BB Doing in a very aMIihc toiy atato, Oicat difficulty Is experienced In getting Meek forward in got ii condition, from tbo scarcity of feed cn route to town, but thoso who can nmnatro thli may rely on a fatouiablo market. Our nales are: - 1,644 wothers, Boss BrotheiB and Co.'«, good,'14s ti 16s ; 960 ewe», do.,middling, 0». Od. to 10s 0d[; 2,11=1 wither», H. Ola'B's, do, Ila. to 12» ; 91 do., Bei train V,| gc oil, i ij ; 1S8 do , very Inferior, 3s. Od. ; 897 fnlxo ,( co., la. lid. to 2B. áü. Tota', 6 231 head. Quotations i \- Peat «others, 14s. to 16». Mo primo »hoop lin tia 4 yards. Second wothors, 11s. to 12s.; boat owed fls. Od, to 10». Od. ; Bocoud do, On. to 8s. Lambs.-j Eone in tho market wotth mentioning ; a few gool] crts would sell woll. Stoio Cattle,-A flw lu-l r.ulrlcs aro mado, but nothing of lmportanco |doIn;J Quotations ¡-Bullock', ta/o to seven years old, £3 2i>. Od. to £2 5« ; cow», spayed, do, £1 lfis. toi £8; cow», unspayed, do, £1 10s. to ill 16lJ Uti« Sheep.-Octng to tho continuation bl dry) weather, buyei's »r-- not so eager to olose sale», bad itill wohaToahralthy diaaud lor thli olas» of atoottj lurrdlng eweshtvl-tr the p-efo-eno». Our »alts »xo-\ /.'FrfuJlnionthFrtíivf«, lu lamb, Ds. Quotatl-ina:-J V tll< ra, I'ti, lix a--d ilgh' tooth, low. to lis. ¡ i «.o. two tco'h, 8a. to 9- ; ewen, two, four, and at* *~ tomb, in lamb, 13«. to Ils ; do. do, not in lamb, i 10« Od. to 12«.; do, fall mouthed, In lamb, 9) to | 30s ; do., aged. In lamb, 8a. to 7s ; weaners, mixed I text«,7»- 64 to8s 6d. ; do., aU ewta, 8a. to 10*", I HOBSB KABKSr. , j Mettra, Bow, Kirk, and Co. give tho following re- j i ort :-" 1 he Improvement noticed in our last report ] as be cn well sustained this werk, and a (air baaloo« 1 a« ti cr. doncat advanclngratea. Tborearcagoodthany I lnje-rn In the market at proaent, and we hav» no I < oobt that fresh n<eful stock could be readily moved ! < ff at prices that would prove remunerativa to the Ireedcr. Thtro la aomo lcqulry (or first elua heavy I < tatigbt, bat transactions in high-priced onoa have , leen veiylinltcd For medium clan tho demand IB I toy brick, and ratea may bs quoted at £.6 to £35. ' riiat-cl.irs bads are much wanted at present, bat I ?iny few are offering. Bones suitable for coaching I al d light harness work are also in fair reqneat. __, 1 pi ed many Inferior stock bavo been cleared off thla i v- tk by i erne countrv bayon', but the market la still i otcrttocked with this description. On Monday, we dlapeaed of a vtry Interior mob of colts and ullles, firm tho Kallon ci Heisre. A. and W. IT. Emlth, of ' J tr denoTv, Gipps Land, at an averago of £4 6s per I head; ard, on Wednesday, a draft f.om the station i c1 B Outhwaito, H_q. (alco of Indifferent quality), at i u limllar »vere gee," LABOUH MABKE-. Inquiries for all ¿Oicrlpllonacf ma'o labour continue unimportant in tonn, nor la there probability of im- provement until the raina tot In, and enab a the re anmptlen of tegrlcallurtl an) pastoral operatlona. Pénalo solvants of capabiUt}, tilth respectable refer ei ci B, contlunc in crotxl demand. Of iho Governtaont aid aaslated mimlgru-ts ptr bbac'tam-xou, the wholo ¡ ni.B.te. of Bingle nomon b-vo tillie r IJ.UH r'colvodby I tl_lr friends or ha<e obtained zituatioi ii, and.only I fenr cf tho married couplca remain unemployed. Batta of wages aro tteady, and rulo ab.ut as fellows, variations occtilonolly occurring to meet pntlculnr ciiei :-Married couples, with («millo«, £/0 to £!5 per annum; without children, £65 to £00 do.; g.irdc-cr>, £40 to £60 du. ; grooms, 16a to2fs. per week; shepherds, £30 pt r year ¡ hut k «tira, £¿C to £26 do ; goneral farm servants, 3.1. to 18a. per averb; plcu(;hp-.oii, 2Cs. co ; bullock diivere on road, 20a. do ; do. cn (arms and aO_lr_.it, lie. to 17» Cd. do. ; tren rooka, for foiLt. ntl M-tionr, 20e to 25s e"o. ; coolia (or be toa, tri m £1 10a. to £2 do. ; walters, £0«. to 80s. do. ; lema'.o cccka. from £3S to £60 per year ; genert-1 tcrvax_, £26 to £30 do. ; nursomalds, £1« to £26 do ; loiineirtwtca, £30 lo £35 ita. ; house maids, *'.6 lo £i0 J .; parlourmaids, £?5lo£30do.: car p'titerr, B-, io 10s a-day ; ration«, btlcl'.Uyeis, black ara ii bp, ti lo IO«, do ; pick-and shovel men, 6a. to 6s. d ; er.i 11 r» t rd »tore labourers, 8£s. to 46a. a-week ; qutrijir.. n, gi. to 9s per day; fencers, 2a. 8d to ka Oil a tod ; splitting pos's and rails, 20a. to 80s. per 100. SEAMEN'S W_Gr_8. > Tie ¡rcrca-rd c'o_oiid ior eoamen bas absorbed nesilyibe nbcleol tho able connon unemployed ; and cap ilva e f vctrels, mero particularly (or dlatant voj ispui, Lavo ellfiloulty in pre curing hand«. Bates ot wages, however, oontlnu. aa last quoted, £4 to £1 It's. | er mt nth bolng ih. current raïca (or all voyagu. CAttrAGE. Messrs. Ore'g Brothers ind Co report as follows : "Simo our lia^t ih-re ha« been n largo quantity of gooda 1 rn.irded up Ino «ratty, and on account of the lnaiiiTc'enc} if teams, ratea have been nucb higher, but 'or tho )a»t day or two they have a tendency downward', Tho following ar« the ratos fir first clasi loading fn ui Holbourne !-Beechworth, £7 10s. ; Î tiros, £4 Di.; Jamieson, £9 10s. to £10; Morse Creek, £8 108.; Wangaratta, £0 10a. Via Woodend: - Avoca. £4 it. ; Oaitlrmalne, £2 12s. Gd. to £2 16a. ; i howton, £2 10s. to £2 12s, Cd. ; Dunolly, £4 to £1 11\. ; Inglewr.r el, £410s. ; Kynoton, £2 ; Maryborough, £816s. to £3 17'. 6d.; Sandhurst, £3 12a. Öd. to £3 l61. ; Taradale!, £i 7a. ed. to £2 10a " SHIPPING OP THE MONTH. I'OBT OF MELBOUBNE. AURlVALB AND CLEAKANCBS BINCK OUH LaST SU-M-flT fB., Britli-b ; A., American; Au., Austrian;'Da., Danish ; D., Hutch ; F., French ; Oh., Chilian ; P., Portuguese ; li., Hamburg ; N., Norwegian : S., Swedish ; bp., Spanish; Sel., Sardinian; Bole;., Belgian ; Dr., Bromen ; Pr., Prussian ; s., ship ; b., bnrqtio ; br., brig; se., schooner; st., steamer.] Feb. AiutivED. 21\. Stir Hint;, A. B , 1,170, Oanfiold, Vancouver's Iiland. - va'. J OtciganaCo. 24\. Hellgolen), }lr. g" 778, _olt, London.-Joshua Brother c 24\. Lord llaglin, B s" 1,204, Bop.r, Liverpool, Lorimer and Co 24 Arabia, 11, s, 008, Forrest, Otago.-Bright Bro- thers at d Co. 24 Pat thouin, A. t., 819, Hunter, Bolton.-Wilkinson Brother.) and Co. 21 Lombard, A. s , 256, Harding, Quarante.-Bligh aod Ilarbotilo 21\. Oilbona, B s , 706, Holme«, Otago.-Kong Kong and Co. 25\. Laughing Wator, B. b., 222, Howman, Mauritius. -M'cullLCb and Co. 25\. Ceres, D. b, 203, Tonm, Foo Chow Fox-J. B. Wero and Co. 26\. Nor'-Westcr, A. a., 1,207, Almy, Otago.-Fiahor, BIckards, and Co. 20\. Buceos«, Beiß. s" 600, Wyttonhovon, London. Melchior and Co. 27\. Thomas Brown, B. b., 278, Brown, Mauritius. J.Poitir. S7. Danube, S. br., 203, Nielson, Newcastle.-Melchior atd Co. , 27\. Queen if England, B. B., 1,195, Nolan, London. Mlchaelie and Co. March 2\. Christiana Cnrnnll, B. br,198, Mooio, San Fran- cisco -Giboa, Hunaid, and Co !. Ceres, B. s, 801, Coahrnno, Invercargill, N.Z - HUIIUCB, Whiter, and Co. 8\. Blue Jaulet, U a , 1,443, Whlto, Otago - Lorlm-r and Co 8\. Ucean Uorae, B ?" 690, Cresswell, Newcaitle, N 8 W.-Uirioior and Oo. 8\. Mountain Wavo, A. s, 083, Bardy, Otago-OJ borne r.ud Co. 8, Sarah Chase, A, B, 582, Evans, Stn Francisco. Lorimer ai d Co. 8\. Samuel Fal», A. s" 762, Randall, Hotg Kong - Montefiore u.,d Co. 4\. Mar; JJ. Bay, B. b., 463, Qreon, Otago.-Adama and Co. i. Matilda, i.e., 68», tee, Newcastle, N.B.W.-Towns and Co. 5\. Albreeht Oswald, 13 a, 632, Zoder, San FrancUoj. \- GlbtM, . cnuld, and Co. 6 Solwttj, ¡i s , 910, Duguid, London.-Dalgety and Co. 9\. Harry Chill, A. s., 1,198, Itcdraan, Now York. Towna and Co. 10\. Glenshee», U. b., 310,Buick. Manilla.-Captain. 10\. British lild,ni, B. a ,i,3 9, IiuddccV, Pult Lyttol N.2.- bright l.rolhors and to. 10 Maro Polo, li s, 1,026, Arnold, liverpool. Bright BrothoiB mid Co. 11\. Timo and truth, B, b, 617, Slater, Kanllla.-Dou- glas, De Little, and Ou. IL China, D. br., 103, Paterson, Manilla-Uaogo an 1 Prell. 12\. William Acïcn, B,b, 329, Miller, Mauritius, Fanning and Co. 12 Jupiter, D. b., 499, Hoyrup, AdolalJe, Kong Meng and Co l8, Northam, B. s o, 966, Potts, Point do Galle -J. Sparc C3. l8, luasex, B. a., 050, Bodger?, London- W. _>. WhHo and Oo. l8. Marlo At-cllo, F. b., 233, Bozo, Bordotux.-Our der and Adet 14 Australia, A. b, 534, Hobkins, Boston -Newell and Oo. 14 Veraalllos, A S , 560, Sherbourne, Otago.-Osborne and Co. 16\. Sbacltamaxon, B. a, 089, Toulon, Liverpool, Bright Brothoi» and Oo. 110\. Eureka, A. B, 1,000, Cutler, Otago.-Dodd and Thompson. 22\. Bombay, B. a. s , 900, Bogers, Gallo and Maiultlui. -J. Sparkes. Feb. CLBABBD OUT. 24\. Benares, B o.a., 986, Steed, Galls-J. Sparkes. 24\. Agnes, A. b., 397, King, Guam-Pros), Kohler, ' i and Co. 26\. Ismyr, B. b" 226, Summers, Mauritius-Stewart and Co. 25 Commodore Perry, B. s" 2,016, Willina«, Coylon -Bricht, Brotrursand Co. 26\. Zoboah, B. a,, 1,805, Morrison, Bombay-Q. Marlin and Co. 26\. Laurol, t). B, 029, Bold, Moulmoin-Jojhua Brothers, 26\. Donald M'Kny, B. s, 2,0(6, Pilco, London Bright Brol hers and Co 27\. Conti, B. s., 071, Murray, Otago.-Dalgoty and Oo. 28\. Porokop, B. s, 867, Popo, Bunbury, W. A. Joshua Brothers. Maich. 1\. Norfolk, B. s., 063, Attwood, London,-W. P. White and Co. L Malvina Vidal, H. s, 8_0, Kessal, Akyab -Hyam and Co, 8\. Ann Buckle, B s., 931, Tomlimon, Bombay.-« Joshua Brothora. 8\. John M'Vloar, B, a., 611, Flannory, Amhcrat. Bright Brotbers and Co. 4\. Aldlvallotib, B. b, 832, Lorio, Guam -Micfarlaa and Oo. 4\. Willem Erenprlson de Ncdcrlandcra, D. a., 716, Zetollen, PetroprolawskL-Melchior and Co. 6\. Arabia, B e., [08, Forrest, Otago.-Bright Bro- thers and Co. 6\. Planter, B. b., 231, Gilfillan, Hauritiue.-Grlo», Sumner, and Co. 11\. Mary Ann Wllion, B. s., 041, Bmltb, Bong Kong. -Michaelis and Co. 11\. Vortlgern, B. «., 010, M'Intyre, Otago.-J. O. J2. Caiiiteililcs, U. b., 879, Jenkin!, Guam - M'Ont loch and Oo. l8. Agnes Joesalo, B. s,, 187, M'Donald, Sydney. M'Meokan and Oo. 13\. Northam. B. s.a., 005, Potts, (or Sydney.-J. Sparkes. 11 Blue Jacket, B. s, 1,143, White, Otago.-Lorimer and Ob. 14\. Ibawmut, A. a.. 1,035, Metrltt, Bluff Harbour. Towns and aJo. 16\. D_l*o, A. »,O0S,Euckmaater, I*olnt de Gallo. Newell and Oo. . . _ _ 16\. Aglnoourt, B, 8., 058, Tickell, London.-W. P. White and Oo. It. Water Nymph, B s, 685, Stewart, London. De Paaa, Brothers. 17\. Banube, U. b, 203, Nollson, Petropolowekl.-Mol chlor and Co. . _ " 17\. Jack Vroal, A. a, 81!, Emery, Point de Gallo. Lord and Oo. 17\. Laughing Water, B, b, 223, Nonman, Swan Uiver, W A -woolley and Nophew. 17\. Enow Squall, A. a., 742, DUUngham, Anjor Point. -Lord and Oo. _, 18\. Gondola, B. b., 887, Ohollew, Akyab.-Woolla, and Nophew. _ , . 18, Chrl.tiana Carual!, B b, 193, Moore, Colombo. Gibba, Bonald, and Co. 19, Sirocco, B. s , 1,210, Gagga, Callao.-Lorimer and 20, Lord Itaglan, II a., 1,906, Eopor, Point do Gallo. Lorimer and Oo. . _, _ ._ SI. Cero«, B s., 88L Ootbrane, Otago.-Ilolmta, 28\. Ainin.S. t., 619, Kroia, Akyab.-J. B. Wera and 2Î. Brfîîr-i Trident, B t., 1,400, Haddook, Otago - DilittBroihera _ , . " . 22\. Bit-hay, Ü at' ,0J0, Eogers, Bydney.-J.»parke». 