TOPICS OF THE AVEEK We have received a letter signed by a number of East Torrens electors, complaining that a reporter from this office appointed to take notes of election meetings in that district, has manifested a strong repugnance to one of the candidates — Mr. Henry Mildred ; and at a meeting recently held at Magill, . questioned the candidate as an elector, although attending the ineetine in the capacity' of a reporter, and not being himself on the electoral roll at the time. Our Correspondents object to a person not on the electoral roll interfering in any way with the proceedings of a meeting of electors, and especially complain of a reporter for the Press mixing himself up personally with political controversies at meetings which he is sent to report. In reference to this matter, we may state distinctly the rule of this office with regard to questions like the one now raised. & is that a reporter — no matter whether in elector or non-elector — is precluded by his pro fession from interfering iu meetings which he is appointed to report* and therefore the reporter referred to was guilty of a direct violation of instructions. Gentlemen connected with the Press as reporters will, generally, be electors ; but although they are (or may be) electors, and as euch entitled to record their rotes as they please ; and although they are, of course, also entitled to promote their own political views iu any way not incompatible with their pro fession as reporters, it is equally certain and also most important that reporters for the Press should be strictly impartial, and that this impartiality should not only appear in their reports as printed but also in their manner and demeanor at any meetings which they attend professionally. We therefore regret that a member of our staff should have allowed his personal predilections to outweigh the obligations of his pro fession, and we hone he will not so offend again. This explanation we feel due in particular to those of the electors of East Torrens who have addressed us as already stated ; but we are glad to have an opportunity of making the same statement on broader grounds. Beporters for the press should enjoy the confidence of the public ; and in order to this the most scrupulous avoidance of everything like par tizanship is essential. The reporter who permits his personal rights to compromise his professional duties is guilty of a great fault, persistence in which would disqualify him utterly for his profession, what ever his abilities in other respects ; but if reporters are not to be partizans, certainly electors ought not to encourage a reporter to identify himself with party movements. In his capacity of reporter he should recognise neither friend nor foe; and the public ought to be as careful not to make a partizan of a reporter as he should be not to acquire that notoriety himself. No doubt at contested elections it may sometimes be difficult for the reporter to merge his individuality as a colonist in his profession as a reporter; but it must be done notwithstanding — at least so far as relates io reporters attending meetings for the purpose of reporting them ; and we say again that electors — who are all interested in the disin terestedness of newspaper reporters — should be very careful not to draw them aside from that neutrality which they are very properly expected to observe when engaged in their professional occupation. It will be understood that these last remarks are made on general principles, and are not intended to bear any exclusive application to the East Torrens elec tion. The elections for the City of Adelaide, East Torrens, the Sturt, Gumeracha, Onkaparinga, and Sarossa wiU take place to-day. There is a contest in each district. According to the last Electoral Act no persons except the Returning Officers and their deputies, the electors 'about to vote,' and the scrutineers (not exceeding two for each candidate), are allowed to be in the polling-booths during any part of election proceedings; On Saturday morning the Adelaide public were astounded by the intelligence that the City of Sydney had been totally wrecked on her passage to Sydney. Immediately on the receipt of the intelligence the morning papers posted the melancholy news in the Exchange, whence the tidings soon Bpread through the city. Happily no life appears to have been lost. With reference to the New Cornwall Mines, we are informed that in the 20 Weston Sismey's Lode the ground is a little harder, the end is now about 5 fathoms behind the shaft, the lode 6 feet wide, yield ing good stones of ore and looking very promising. Whyte's shaft is down 11 fathoms 4 feet, but opera tions are suspended owing to water. The men are put to crosscut north from the bottom of No. 4 shaft for proof of the north part of the lode, which is extended 6 feet, a good branch of ore being found found. The crosscut is to be extended 6 feet further, and if no more lode is met with it is intended to jpen on the course ot tUe branch referred to above. A Lecture and Sacred Concert in aid of the Port Adelaide Educational Association was held in the Congregational Chapel on Thursday evening, Nov. 3\. Dr. H. Duncan, in the absence of Captain J. ffart, was voted to the chair, who briefly stated the -bject for which they had met, and in the absence of ;he Secretary, called upon Mr. T. J. King, who read the report of the proceedings of the Association from which it appeared the objects of the Association, were to encourage boys at school in the neighbourhood to snter for the Public Competitive Examinations, to provide classes and lectures on the subjects for exami nation, and to offer local candidates prizes on ob taining the highest number of marks. Eleven boya bad already entered for the public examination, Dwing doubtless to the promises given by the Asso ciation. The Committee considered they had no cause for discouragement from this first attempt, and hoped from the experience gained, many boys would be successful another year in being admitted to the public examinations. They should take an early opportunity of giving their local prizes to the boys, and request all boys who wish to compete to send in their names. The Port Adelaide Sacred Choral Society then sang several pieces of sacred music, which were admirably performed; after ?which Sjjr. J. Howard Clark delivered a lecture on the poetical works of John Milton, which was both interesting and instructive, and listened to with marked atten tion, and received the applause of the audience throughout. Sevei'&l; other pieces of music were afterwards sung with good effect, and the meeting closed by passing a unanimous vote of thanks to the Lecturer, the Choral Society, and the Chair man. We often meet in English papers with the names of persons distinguishing themselves in rifle-shooting, and who, we suspect, are related to some of our good shots out here ; but as we are not quite sure, we are obliged to pass them by unnoticed. In looking recently over some Jersey papers we notice some capital shooting made by Mr. S. M. Buttfield, a brother of the Buttfields of the Munno Para Dis- trict. It is well known that the Munno Para Com- pany have lately turned out some very good shots, and have in fact taken several very honorable prizes. They will therefore be interested in learning that whilst they have been thus sustaining their repute in South Australia, Mr. S. M. Buttfield has been honourably distinguishing himself in the other hemi- sphere. He not only won a valuable prize in a Rifle Derby, but at an All Comers' Match carried off the silver cup against a numerous and formidable body of competitors. In the same series of matches he also won £20 (the first prize) at a club contest. Mr. Buttfield' s score for the silver cup was 44 marks — 15 at 200, 12 at 300, and 17 at 500 yards respec- tively — five rounds at each distance. The Jersey Independent says that, on its being declared that Buttfield was the winner, he was loudly cheered, and carried off in triumph on the shoulders of his friends. We observe some really splendid scoring at these Jersey matches. Captain De La Taste, in his five rounds at 500 yards, made five successive bullseyes, and Mr. Simon, out of a dozen consecutive shots at pool, at 500 yards, made ten bullseyes, and one centre. The Lancashire Belief Fund Committee met at the Committee-rooms, Gresham Chambers, on Friday, November 7. Present — MesBrs. Samuel Stocks (in the chair), S. Toinkinson (Treasurer) N. Blyth, Geo. Young, and Eev. Samuel Keen. The Treasurer reported with reference to the resolution passed at the last meeting of the Committee fchat a sum of £150 should be applied as suggested by the subscribers to pay the passages of suitable young women,, he had taken upon himself the responsibility of not doing so by the last mail. The second gum, however, of £1^000 had been sent without any directions to that I effect in consequence of the representation of seyeral gentlemen who had actively exjsrted themselves in the cause. He, Mr. Tomkinson, thought it eo desirable that unanimity should mark their proceedings, that in the exercise of his discretion he postponed directing the special application of £150 until the Committee had another opportunity of considering it. It was moved by Mr. #. Blyth ^nd seconded by the Bev. S. Keen, ' That the Committee approves of the action taken by the Treasurer in suspending the communication having reference to female immi gration.' This motion was carried. The Treasurer further reported that during the last fourteen days he had received about £14 per day, and that he has in hand £545 J.2s. 7d. The Eev. Mr. Keen gave notice that at the next meeting he would move ' That the previous motion relative to immigration be rescinded.' Mr. N. Blyth also gave notice that at the next meeting he would move ' That for the future the paid clerical assistance is no longerjrequired by the Committee,' A letter was read from Mr. W. A. Hughes having reference to wheat now being held by several millers as contributed to the fund. The Committee then adjourned. By this mail His Excellency the Governorin Chief Has received the following letter from Mr. Pntton, the South Australian Commissioner at the international Exhibition, which will be read with I great pleasure by all interested — as which of us is not — in the position occupied by South Australia in the great undertaking : — '90, Sloane-street, London, September 24, 1862. 'Sir— I have not much to communicate by this mall. I have posted to your Excellency's address the second edition of the ' Book of Awards.* hv which the many mistakes to be found in the first edition have been corrected ; but amongst tbe South Australian awards Mr. Haigh's alpaca and angora wools BtiU appear in the name of the South Aus tralian Government instead of Mr. Hash's name. This, however, can be rectified in the colony by banding over to Mr. Haigh the award. I have also sent out tbe various notices of the pamphlet which have appeared in different newspapers 'in tbe United Kingdom; they are all which bave come to our hands, but it is probable some more may have appeared. . ' The Society of Arts have undertaken the duty of pub lishing the reports of the various Class Committees. The reports of tbose Juries in whose department the products of South Australia are included will no doubt be looked for ward to with much interest by the colonists, and I will not fail to forward the reports as soon as they appear. ' The Exhibition is to be clOBed officially on tbe 1st of ?November; but it ia not known yet whether the medals and certificates will be given out on that day, or ou a special day after the 1st of November. ' The building is to remain open for fourteen days after the 1st of November, to enable exhibitors to sell their goods if so disposed. 'About 24,000 copies of tbe pamphlet have been distri buted to visitors in the building to the present day. A large number have been sent to newspapers, magazines, scientific bodies, and public libraries and mechanics' insti tutes throughout the kingdom. The balance of copies on hand will suffice for distribution till the close of the Exhibi tion, and I did not advise a further quantity to be struck off. 'The attendance at the Exhibition appears, from the published returns, to be falling off; and some doubts are beginning to be entertained as to the financial success of the undertaking. ' I b«g- leave to offer the Committee my best acknow ledgment for the vote of thanks given me. 'I have, fcc., ' Fbancis S. Ddttoh, Acting Commissioner for South Australia. 41 Sir Dominick Daly, &c.;, tee., fcc.' The notices of the press referred to in Mr. Dutton's letter are 66 in number, and all of them speak in high terms of the colony and its .prospects, and in com mendation of Mr. Sinnett and his book. Our London Correspondent speaks of the pros pects of the English harvest, and on this subject we extract the following further particulars from the Mark Lane 'Express of September 22 : — ' The past week was a golden one for the North of England and Ireland, as well as for gathering all the unharvested grain throughout the kingdom. So far as wheat is concerned, there probably never was a more variable growth. Some favored localities turned out better than expected ; but others are almost a blank. Still the average reports continue to be under tbe mark ; while spring corn, with some exception, is well spoken of, abating the quality of the barley. From Northern Europe most of the advices are in favor not only of wheat, bnt of other grain ; and as the weather there has been highly favorable, many samples will be forthcoming of prime quality and great weight. America also has, in her cereal produce,- being doing well, including Canada, and even California ; but the Southern portion of Europe nowhere shows an abun dance. These southern climes, however, have such resources in an early spring, that the general surplus will doubtless be over their requirements; so that whatever be her crop, England has plenty in pros pect, if prices only. tempt shipments. They do not, however, tally with the ruling rates throughout the country, these having further given way during the past week fully 2s. per quarter on the average. Good supplies of new wheat have been brought to the country markets ; while imports from abroad have been pouring in at double rates as compared with tbe average of seasons. Still the fact, that granary- room is yet plentiful, shows the immensity of our consump tion, and the inadequacy- of the last two seasons' growth to meet the nation's wants; and though prices may not please the grower who comes short, they suit' the present distress in the north. Bates in France have been about the same this week, but in the other near countries and Germany they have moderately declined, and must further yield, before profitable shipments can be made to British ports. In America there has been little change.' The fol lowing were the current prices in Mark Lane : — Wheat, Essex and Kent, white, new, 46s to 56s, old, 50s to 58s per quarter ; do., red, new, 45s to 53s, old, 50s to 56s ; .Norfolk, Lincoln, and Yorkshire, red, new, 46s to 52s, old, 50s to 55s. Barley, cheva lier, 33s to 37s ; distilling, 31s to 33s. Malt, 63s to 68s j brown, 51s to 58s. Flour, per sack of 280 lbs., town, household, 44s to 51s ; country. 35s to 38s ; households, 39s to 42s ; Norfolk and Suffolk, ex-ship, 35s to 37s. Foreign Grain. — Wheat, Dantzic, mixed, 54s to 56s, extra, 58s to 60s per quarter ; Konigs berg, 51s to 55a, extra, 56s to 58s ; Rostock, 52s to 55s, fine, 55s to 58s; American, red, 45s to 49s, white, 53s to 56s ; Silesian, red, 50a to 52s, white, S3s to 55s ; Pomerania, Mecklenberg, and TJckermark, red, 50s to 54s j Danish and Holstein, red, 50s to 53s ; St. Petersburg and Riga, 46s to 52s ; French, none ; Bbine and Belgium, 52s to 55s. Flour, per sack, French, none ; Spanish, per sack, 41s to 48s ; American, per barrel, 2,3s to ?5s, extra and double, 26s to 28s. The Telegraph Office was closed all day on Mon day, except one hour in the morning and two hours in. the evening. This is sacrificing the public con venience with a vengeance. We are sure that the telegraph clerks would have been quite content to postpone their holiday for a day rather than close so important an establishment on. the day of the arrival of the English mail. It would be just as reasonable to cloBe the Post-Office, and to stop the country mails. As a matter of course the telegraph officials were entitled to a holiday, and could have had it some other day. But to stop the telegraph on the day of the arrival of the mail was a huge mistake, and one which we believe it would be very imprudent on the part of the authorities to attempt to repeat. The Mining Journal, speaking of the South Aus tralian mines, considers most of the reports as on the whole satisfactory, but specially mentions the x uda namutana as ' likely to take the lead of all the mines in South Australia.' A large number of holiday makers were attracted to the Torrens Park fite and military encampment on Monday. The whole of the proceedings went off with eolat, and the hospitalities of Mr. and Mrs. Torrens were enjoyed by a distinguished circle of visitors until a late hour. The day commenced with the camping of the troops, the sham fight followed. In the evening a brilliant display of fireworks was exhibited, and later still a surprise attack was made on the troops in camp. Want alike of time and space compels ue to hold over our detailed report until to-morrow. The members of the Freeman-street Young Men's Society proceeded early on Monday morning, by omnibus, according to invitation, to the residence of their President, the Eev. C. W. Evan, Beaumont. On arriving there and partaking of refreshment, they started, accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Evan and family, on a pedestrian excursion to the Waterfall, distant about three miles, where a substantial repast was served. On their return to Beaumont they engaged in a game of cricket till tea was announced, after partaking of which some little time was spent in singing and giving recitations : and the proceed ings of the day were brought to a close by the Vice President expressing on behalf of the members their thanks for the kind and hospitable manner in which thev had been entertained, which was replied to in appropriate terms by the rev. gentleman. The party then returned to town, well satisfied with the day's enjoyment. The long-expected and wished-for pyrotechnic dis play took place on Tuesday evening on Montefiore Hill, North Adelaide. The display was in honor of the birthday of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. It will be remembered Mr. Charles Wehl, the gentleman who superintended the affair, has for some time past made every effort to make the occa sion one of interest ; and we have much pleasure in announcing that his efforts have been crowned with success. Towards 8 o'clock large crowds o{ persons of all sorts and sizes might be seen through the streets of Adelaide wending their way towards Montefiore HilL To give anything tike a correct estimate as to the number of persons present would be impossible. As far as we could judge, there could not have been less than 8,000 persons preBent ; in fact, nearly all the inhabitants of Adelaide and the suburbs were present to witness the scene. The pro gramme waB completed in a most satisfactory manner. We must confess that it was almost a miracle an accident of some kind did not occur on the occasion, for many of the ' 20 rockets ending with shots,' and the tf 20 rocketa with gpld rain,' were of such a character as not only to illuminate the immediate neighborhood of Montefiore Kill, but in theii descent to ' scatter the fiery flame ' in such directions as to become of so dangerous a character as to create a ' burning sensation ' in those upon whom they fell. The proceedings commenced precisely at 8 o'clock with ' an illumination by 20 white Indian fires.' This display was beautiful in the extreme, as also the array of six revolving suns with brilliant; fires and transformations, and the .bombardment from two mortar batteries in red and green colors. The affair was concluded with a great rocket nosegay, consist ing of 250 rockets of aU colors, amidst; the cheers of the assembled multitude. We regret to state that Mr. Wehl received a severe injury on the right arm of such a character as to necessitate medical advice. The Brunswick Band was present, and, as usual, performed several beautiful pieces of music. In consequence of the subscriptions not covering the expenses, persons- -were appointed to go round the crowd with a tin pot in one hand and a Jantern in the other seeking aueh amounts as persons thought fit to give. We regret to say that the amount collected by this mode was not so great as was expected. In conclusion we have to state that the display, was one that will be long remembered by those wUo srifcn'essed U, Port Adelaide wore quite a gay aspect »n Mondayf in celebration of the Prince of Wales's birthday j the shipping displaying its bunting, and most of the business establishments being closed, gave the place a holiday appearance. Numbers of persons arrived by various Ijiins, and dispersed themselves in different localities, some occupying themselves with boating on the river and others with various amuse ments on the beach and Peninsula. The great attrac tion of the day, however, was the rowing matches by the Pelican Bowing Club at the North Arm. The Sturt steamer, with Schrader's brass band on board, was engaged by the Club to convey the visitors, a great number of whom arrived by the midday train from Adelaide. His Excellency Sir D. Daly, the Pre sident of the Club, the Misses Daly, and at least 200 other visitors, were present. The weather, shortly after the party left the Port, wore a very threatening aspect but soon cleared up. Various parties betook themselvss to boats and others to the jetty and shore. After the second rowing match His Excellency and party proceeded to luncheon, winch was provided on board the steamer. Other parties who had provided good things for themselves, might be seen following their example in various groups on the steamer's deck boat, the Jetty, and shore. The first race contended for was a club race for five pieces of plate, between the boats Tempest, J. C. Hawker coxswain, and the Pelican, J. Cummines cox swain — a very good race, which resulted in Tempest being the winner by about one length. A scratch race for pewters followed, between the Pelican and Lady McDonnell, the former being the winning boat. The next race on the programme was the married and single, for opera glasses. Some dispute having risen as to choice of Doats, only the single men went round the course in the Lady McDonnell, and the race did not come off. Another scratch race followed for purses; three boats started— the Pelican, Lady McDonnell, and Lady of the Lake ; the two latter boats fouled each other shortly after starting, and also at the buoy, and the Pelican came in a good' winner. A race for ship's boats was subscribed for. TheHavilah's boat, steered by Captain Saunders, and the Harbour boat, steereed by Capt. Douglas, started. This race resulted in the Havilah's boat coming in an easy winner. The last race was for a ladies' bag and contents, made and presented by Miss Hart and ladies, members of the club. Two boats started, the Pelican and Lady MacDonnell. This was the best contested race of the day, the boats keeping well together all round the course, and with great exertion the Lady MacDonnell, J. Cummings, coxswain, won by about half a boat's length. The steamer returned to the Port with a string of boats towing astern in time for the last train, all on board evidently having enjoyed themselves most satisfactorily. The prizes were awarded by Mrs. J. C. Hawker, wife of the Captain of the Club, on the passage up the river in the steamer. We subjoin a list of the crew. Bowing match, first race for five pieces plate : — Tempest — J.. C. Hawker, coxswain, B. Main, E. Beck, C. Lamb, and G. E. De Mole. Pelican— J. Cummings, cox swain, J. Little, H. Stodart, F. D. Hodges, and G. A. Connor. Second Bace — Pelican — G. A. Connor, coxswain, Schlinke, Melville, J. Simpson, and Newenham. Lady MacDonnell — F. D. Hodge, cox swain, G. O'Halloran, H. O'Halloran, McEUister, and Frew. A very large number of people attended on Tuesday at the office of the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration, to procure their nomination certi ficates. About 10 o'clock in the morning at least 200 persons were present, but tbe number afterwards increased to nearly 500. The whole of the certifi cates have been taken up, and it will be perceived by an advertisement in another column that, for the present, no more will be issued. Messrs. Hawker and Stow were duly nominated on Wednesday in the district of Victoria, and as there was no opposition they were declared duly elected. We are requested to state that at the election meeting held at Milang Mr. Macfarlane expressed his intention of supporting Milang as the terminus of the Strathalbyn tramway should any further action be taken in the matter. With reference to the closing of the Telegraph Office on Monday, we tire informed that the deter mination to close the office was the result of a de termination previously arrived at in Victoria and New South Wales to close the offices there, so that it would have been useless to keep the Adelaide office open, and hence the notification that has been so much complained of. It appears, however, that after all tbe Adelaide clerks were in attendance from 10 till 3, but there were no messages delivered. Arrangements were also made in the evening (beyond what would appear from the announce ment) for receiving in Adelaide the results of the polling in the country districts. The principal fault seems to lie in the insufficiency of the notices, the office being really open for business nearly all day, notwithstanding the notice posted outside that it would be closed. The family of Mr. Bird, residing in Cambridge street, North Adelaide, had a narrow escape, from a frightful death on Tuesday evening last. It appears from the information we have received, that Mrs. Bird was in the act of putting the younger members of her family to bed, when by some means or other the curtains of the bed took fire, and communicated the flames to the partition wall of the bed-room, which was composed of paper and cloth. No persons being present except the children and Mrs.' Bird, at the time, she screamed for assistance. Mr. F. Sanderson, of Grenfell-street, and another gentleman, happened to be passing at the moment ; they rushed into the house, rescued the children from the bed room, and proceeded to quench the flames, which we are happy to say they were sucoessful in doing. The dwelling- house of Mr. Duce, Jeffcott-street, North Adelaide, was entered on Tuesday evening, whilst Mr. Duce and his family were absent witness ing the pyrotechnic display at Montefiore Hill. The scoundrels, who must hare had a previous knowledge of the house, ransacked everything, and succeeded in carrying away two watches and a small sum of money. Information of the circumstance was immediately on discovery given to the police. We beg to direct attention to an advertisement, informing the public that the assisted passage certifi cates applied for on behalf of persons from Ireland, far exceeds the number that can be granted. Persons failing to obtain certificates can have their money returned, as per advertisement. A correspondent, writing from Hookinna Creek, in the Far North, under date of October 21st, says : — At this season of the year, when summer 'may be considered to have fairly set in, it is something unusual to hear of heavy floods in this generally dry part of the colony. During the past four days how ever an immense quantity of rain has fallen, causing most of the creeks to be flooded. Tbe Hookinna Creek especially rose to a great height, and two narrow escapes from drowning in it have happened. A poor woman, named McDill, and her daughter, were living in a tent on the opposite side of the creek from the public-house. On Monday evening the tent, w»S seen safely standing near the creek, but next morning it was gone. It was at first feared that the women were also washed away, but at about 8 o'clock they were seen lying under a bush, with nothing but a thin blanket and a few clothes to cover them. They were benumbed with cold, and hardly able tp rise at flpst, having been exppsed to tbe pelt ing rain, since 12 o'clock on the previous night. Great exertions were made by Mr. Taylor, of the Hookinna Inn, and many others to send them the means of making a fire, and a youth named Coulls in endeavoring to swim over was carried down by tbe flood, and1 nearly drowned. After a great many unsuc cessful attempts the poor women were safely brought across by the help of a rope stretched from bank to bank. Tbe creek has not risen to such a great height for the last five years. The rain came just when moBt wanted, as the grass was beginning to dry up. In another column we publish a long and very interesting letter on the mineB in the Far North from our Special Correspondent. Our correspondent dates from Nuccaleena, November 6, and describes his visit'to the Yudanamutana, the Sir Dominick, the Daly, the Welcome, and the Nuccaleena Mines, and gives the latest intelligence as to the state and con dition of these great deposits of copper. The letter will be read with much satisfaction by every one connected with the mining interest of the province. The total number of applications for assisted pas sage certificates on Tuesday morning, at the office of the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration, was 580, consisting of:— Applications for adults, 273 - females, 239. For children, maleB, 31 ; females, 37\. Total, 580. The Sydney Government ha?, we observe, released twenty prisoners under sentence, in commemoration of the 9th November, 1862,' the day on which the heir apparent of the Crown of England attained his majority. By our telegraphic intelligence we perceive that Torrens's Act has received the Governor's assent in New South Wales, and this important measure may now be considered as the law of the land ia that colony. . _^__^^_ 