THE HTSlüllY OF NORMANDY AND OF ENGLAND BY Sut FRANCIS TALQUAVR, K II, TUB DBrUTY KEEl'BU OF HFll MAifcSTY's 1'tJUHC RECOUDS, 1861 [Contributid ] No ir ' SPACE hardly allowa us t» continue these extracts connectedly. The further extracta are recommended by their peculiar beauty, spirit, and importance. "How fortuna'e was fair Florence in her choniclers -their gifts, their talents, their industrv, their know ledge-^the tendei affection of Malespini- the earnest pathos ef Diao Compagni, the graphic inspiration of Villam, and the rich fund ot information which renders him second in order of the great European historians of the media;val period-Eugland gave the first, Matthew Paris, the Monk of St. Albans, and Flanders in her Eroissnrt, the third-Rome had none like these amongst her sons. Few, indeed, com- paratively of the renowned names which have illus. uated Italy, imperial Italy, media; val Italy, or modern Italy, whether in literature, or poetry, or BCience, or arts, or arms, can really be assigned to that city-which has given the intellectual impulse ti the civilised world. ."In French, the language of the Ancien Rcgims has been revolutionised with the State. Bossuet or .Fenelon, Montesquieu, Helvotius, and the Patriarch of Feney, all together could not have sunnlied inowttme or tricolor. Uur English parliamentary or constitutional language dates from the Common- wealth, since -which period our political vocabulary has continued enriching itself by every alternation of Pafty or fluctuation of national feeling. We have gained so much upon the old heroes of our language that theirpanoply would be insufficient in the day of battle. Did we determine to employ in political re- mission, no other words or expresäions than -'l0se warranted by judicious Hooker or sagacious -rerulam, ?we should be utterly at fault. We rr>aat os wel1 attempt to make observations upon --upper's satel- lites -with a Gorhambury astrofpve> -*no sonorous periods of old Whitehall would -° stiffen and starch a despatoh that the subject -oald »ever be opened. Nay, were Burke to rf-PPear in the House, and be restricted to the ph~seofogy conaecratod by his own oratory, he would *eel himself no lc9s ill at ease than if attired in ¿"s silk coat, silk stockings, hair bag, buckles, and sword." . With respect to the manner in which the changes in language were effected, a familiar exposition may be afforded by the names of places. The Frank thickened the "conflu- entes" of Ehine and Moselle into "Coblentz," 'vhilst, perhaps, before that Frank arrived on Hie borders of the Seine, "Julia bona" ran into " Lillebonne." The inhabitants of the Alpine valley elided " Augusta" into " Aosta;" the Celtic Gaul condensed " Augustoduuum " into " Autun ;" the Iberian amalgamated " Ca; sarea-Augusta" into "Saragossa." And thus the preference for one sound, the dislike of another, the rapitufy 0r slovenliness of pronun- ciation, tinrslowness or liveliness of the speaker . -feslpéoTto model each dialect of the Romanic into its peculiar form. Yet never were the Latin words swamped by Teutonisms, or so altered or mutilated as-to be undistinguishable. It is an easy tour-de force even now, to compose an Italian sonnet or a Spanish ode, in which every word should be purely Latin. AU the languages thus developed continued true to their source. Some yet exist, with scarcely any variation from their earliest age, such as the common dialect of the Sardinian peasantry. Others, more favoured, have expanded into richness, harmony, and power. Science, ait, and literature have only brought them nearer to their original parentage-the building \- bas been enlarged with materials from the native quarry, and each addition has strengthened the pristine character. The , mutations distinguishing the Neo Romane dialects from the ancient speech of Latium, have been gradual and unintermitted, never concealing their identity. They have allied themselves to Rome's recollections, her poets¡ her historians, her laws. Vast as was the dominion of the Imperial mother, they ¿(ive exceeded that dominion. No longer bounded by the ocean, they spread over the globe; and in Europe, Asia, and the New World an hundred million of those who profess the Christian faith ipeak the language derived from Rome. ' The emphatic and cogent conclusion of the Roman, or Fourth Monarchy, and the Roman language is in the following words : \- "The never interrupted employment of the French, as the language of education, and the nomen- clature created by the scientific and literary cultivation of advancing and chilised society, have Romanized our speech ; the warp may be Anglo-Saxon, but the woof is Roman us well as the embroidery, and these foreign materials have so entered into the texture, that were they plucked out the web would be torn to rags, unravelled and destroyed. July and August are monuments of Roman domination which shall en- dure when the last vestiges of It oman splendour shall. have perished from the face of the earth. They are inscribed upon the signs of the Zodiac, and will per- petuate the memory of the founders of the Romui Empire in the regions now covered with the forests of the far West, and in the plains of Australia, until the European or civilized commonwealth, the King- dom strong as iron, shall have fulfilled her appointed course, and be dissolved into the miry clay." ( The arrangement of the History is somewhat obscure owing to the quantity of materials ac- cumulated in its careful detail. With this order it is not our intention to meddle ; it is too complicated and too voluminous for our pur- pose ; but the narrative is rich ia elevated thoughts and striking language ; ia illustration apt, but as striking, as they are sudden, un- usual and most pertinent : these " pellets of the brain " we proceed to lay before our readers ; they, lose by being removed from the place assigned to them by their author, but they have inherent spirit and life enough in them to give them a separate existence. The narrative, in- volved in great complexity is thus detailed : In the first book, we have the Carlovingian Empire, with the Danish 'expeditions in the Gauls till the establishment of Rollo. The second book relates the transactions of Capetian Normandy : the Richards, with Robert-le-Diable, and William the Bastard, whose reign over England is treated of ia the third book, whilst the history of his three sur- viving sons-Robert Courthose, William Rufus, and Henry Beauclerk-occupies the fourth and fifth book, in which the conflicts of the tuto /Swords, of the Church and State, assumed a new aspect ; Hildebrand directing the endea- vours made by Anselm to sustain, not only the conscientious independence of the spirituality, but the soundness of the Commonwealth. Owing to the intimate commixture of Christian institutions and civil policy, the rights and inte- rests of the community are concealed from us by the technical phraseology whereby they are denominated the riff his of the Cliurch. We may bave a perception of the fact, but it is excluded from our reasonings by our dispathies. A liv- ing and active policy is essential to Christianity -Christianity without a policy is not a Religion but a Persuasion ; and the more intimate the co-ordination or alliance of Church and State, the greater the difficulty of harmonizing their energies. ' The contests concerning investitures, so con- stantly presented to us in stereotyped phrases, involved questions of extreme perplexity. The canonical election of the prelates appertained to the clergy and laity of the " Civitas;" a right derived from the primitive ages, but exercised under various modifications, occasioned by personal privileges or local institutions, the various ranks and orders, princes, nobles, people, having a greater or lesser share in the choice or postulation. Direct authority, as well as moral power rendered the bishop the " Defensor," or chief magistrate, the Father of the city. In his sacerdotal capacity, he was a judge, having jurisdiction over causes which though spiritual, involved vast temporal interests, and .affected the most intimate con- cerns of civil society. Called to the great councils of the State, whether by reason of his episcopal office, or as a service duo for his temporalities, he, nevertheless, appeared in those great assemblies as the representative of the community, by whose voice he had been placed in the cathedra. St. Ambrose was elected by acclamation and universal suffrage. St. Ambrose could not have rebuked Iheodosius had he not been the repre- sentative of Milan. Of course the foregoing is, in a measure, s> one-sided representation, but it is a side f- 'k which we have been accustomed to tur/**8?' In respect of the Episcopacy, loorana, labouring with all his heartIV. Al- .A he general reformation of W> J\Q Christendom, contended against two ;-f«ate abuses, then equally destructive ^ ^graceful to Church and State. The <-vf elgQ was unquestionably entitled to a ^e ?nare °* influence in the selection * û's bishop I DUt the Sovereign would *dt; ^e content with less than the whole, app oy the operation of lay investiture, they in .ruded their nominees into the seat without any regard to the fitness of the individual, or the opinions of the Church-that is to say the com- munity-Church and people being now con- vertible terms. The second abuse was simony. Interpreting these acts according to modern ideas, the first exhibits the Crown forcing the Lord Mayor upon the Corporation of London, or nominating the Recorder ; the other, a jobber buying a borough, or a legal shark gravitating upon the Bench-by the weight of the purse slipped into the hands of the Lord of the Bed- chamber. Both on the part of the clerks who purchased, and on the part of the patrons who sold there prevailed the most scandalous corrup- tion ; and Hildebrand, sparing neither the bribed nor the bribers, incurred the inveterate odium of all the delinquents. Hildebrand had no respect to persons in judgment. Sin levelled emperors and beggars before him. The stigma attached to üilde branà's name speaks the world's opinion of his inflexible zeal and impartial justice. Talleyrand designated history as a universal conspiracy against truth. Never was this sarcasm more pungently appropriate than when applied to the treatment sustained by Becket, Anselm, and Hildebrand, Blois and Plantagenet afford the subjects of the fifth and sixth books. The reigns of Blois and Henry Plantagenet blend into one era, with which the author closes his history. The following passage is curious : .' In compiling these genealogies, I have scarooly attempted to distinguish between the children caliea legitimate, and thoeo to whom legitimacy is denied, Opinion often made little difference between them. The ' Spurius ' is scarcely stigmatized-he was the child of the 'Amica,'— ' naturalis ' was taken ad- jectively, especially in England, equally to denote children born in lawful matrimony, as well as those who were not : an ambiguity sometimes causing great mistakes. It is sometimes used to designate the child oi a marriage voidable but not void : a nothui WBB the offspring of adultery ; yet the value of epithets in these matters was liable to great changes, and their meanings are very fluctuating: Mamzer was the most opprobrious, c scorto notus but it did not dis- grace Ebles of Poitou, or William the Conqueror. * Illegitimate sons were evidently regarded with jealousy by the acknowledged heirs. Some, thus branded, obtained the throne : the fact ia, it was often difficult to decide upon the ttalui of the patty. Con- cubinage was lawful according to the Teutonic usages, though condemned by the Church ; but her jurisdic- tion in matrimonial causes was tardily acknow- ledged. We can scarcely discern the exact period when the Benediction of the priest became absolutely needful for the confirmation of a marriage already contracted according to the ancient customs and legal forms, taught by ancestorial tradition and recognised as binding amongst the Teutonic nations before they adopted Christianity. Or, to state the matter tech- nically and in the language of our common law, the era had not yet arrived, when any proceeding like the Bishop's certificate, ne unguis accoupli, was received as conclusive evidence by the secular tribunal in questions of marriage. The terms Regina or Arnica, Uxor, or Pullen, are therefore not so scandalously apart from each other as they seem. If we try to sift the question- which the French historians often do, with more earnestness than profit-the grounds of discrimination between the lawful or unlawful consort, the wife or the con. cubine, frequently become very vague and uncertain Look at Charlemagne and the bevy of beauties who surround him-Himeltruda, Hermengarda, Bertha or Desiderata, Hildegards, Fastrada, Luitgarda, Mathel- j garda, Adelinda, Gersuinda, Reguina, the unnamed damsel said to have fascinated him by the talismanic i ring ; viewed as his Odalisks, they may all be reckoned in nearly the same category." | We would willingly conclude these extracts from Sir F. Palgrave's instructive philosophy as exhibited in this ancient history of Normandy and England, collected from authentic docu- ments and accredited rolls, with the introduc- tory wisdom of the fourth chapter, on the provi- dential results from causes in common parlance denominated " small," as seen in this, that " marriage opens many chapters in the world's history." But this and two or three other im- portant matters must be left to a future paper, and this must be concluded with the finishing picture of the death and entombment of Charle- magne, by Sir Francis Palgrave. " In the gallery of the BaBilica lie had erected his marble throne, covered, with plateB of gold, studded with Greek cameos, and astral gems from Niaeveh or Babylon. Before that throne were the stairs, straight down descending to the sepulchre which Charlemagne had already dug deep for himself in the holy ground, even when he raised that marble throne. Soon afterwards, 28th January, 814, the huge broad ling-stone which covers the vault was heaved up, there they reverently deposited the embalmed corpse, suriounded by ghastly magnificence, sitting erect on his curule chair, elad in his silken robes, ponderous with bioidery, peBrls and orfray, the imperial diadem on his head, his closed eyelids covered, his face swathed in the dead-clothes, girt with his baldric, the ivory horn slung in his scarf, his good sword Joyeuse by his side, the Gospel-book open on his lop, \- musk and amber, and sweet spices around,-his golden shield, and golden sceptre pendant bsfore him." " Charlemagne's dissoluteness contrasts painfully with the virtues of his mainly just and pious charac- ter. Harouu Alroschid's compeer, the license of Bagdad luxuriated at Aix-la-Chapelle ; but the Moslem Caliph, far more excusable than the Christian Emperor, did not violate the law by which his con- ' science was bound." 11 Men hardly dared to blame the glorious monarch, so bountiful, so brave, so charitable, so liberal to priest and poor, BO equitable, so wise, bright and active, in his genius both ? practical and poetical, so honest, affectionate and hearty, knowing his duty, so tho- roughly following that duty in many points, some- times even restraining his ambition, but never attempting to contend against the temptations of lust, becoming as he grew older more doting in his folly. Great scandal, but also great sorrow was occasioned by Charlemagne's conduct, sorrow ending not with life. According to the doctrines of the age, prayer, penitence, and charity connected the living with the departed: departed, not dead; living under punish- ment, but still within reach of help, asking for aid ; hence the dead were perhaps more endeared to the thoughts of those who loved them, even than when sustaining their earthly trial." This feeling of death and purgatory is thus handed down to us. It is an indispensable graphic illustration. Consider it as an irapres » The German immigrant examining the plumage loi tho Bustards, and puzzled with tho ornithological definition of tho specimen, interrupted a lady who was endeavouring to make him understand ?with this exclamation : Ho,-ha,-yes, I comprehend, hit Mother go along Kith another biri. sion from an ancient block-eugraving, thj very reality itself, and therefore essentially fetter than the best fac-simile. j Contemplatur item qucmdam lustrante pupilla Ausoniie quondam qui regna tencbat, et alta: Romana; gcntis, fixo oonsistere grcBsu, Oppositumque animal lacerare- virilia ctantia, Lci'taque per reliquum corpua lue mombra car'JW.' Videiat h;ec, magno que stupens terrorosa gessit Sortibus hie hominuin, dum vitam ia ¿.o, Justitia; nutritor crut, Encloque mr/'yigere, Maxima pro Domino fecit docuu>£febeni : Protexitque pío eacram tutamúle cacumen Etvelut in mundo sumpBit BJ-per regna favor;. Recta voletiB, dulcique vjeditione tenetur, Ast hie quam i ¡cr« sustentât peate aeveram, Tam tristiquo no _ctor : in his crucistibns', inquit, Oro refer 'l<^rfan¿0 b01la facta libídine turpi, ^e* avit ."u8 inlecebrQ8 aub mole bonorum Jb "J, J,, et vitam voluit finiré suetis S/vüibuß, Ipse tarnen vitam enptabit opimam, Dispoeitum ¡Î Domino gaudens invadet honorem, 