FARMERS* CLUB. Tha meeting of the Farmers' Club did not take place, in consequence of the Chairman and other members being at the Duryea meeting. The question for dis cussion being that of immigr ?tion, many farmers were however in attendance, and the prevailing opinion seemed to be that a general meeting of fermeH and other employers of labor should be convened an early as possible. ? Wesleyan Methodist Chapel Annivee Sart, Gawler. — On. Sunday, the 19th, and Sunday, 2(-th January instant, sermons were preached by the Rev. J. Watsford and the Rev. John Hareourt, to numerous congregations, who evinced great interest ia the form of Catholic Christianity they had met to main tain, both by their pecuniary offerings and their personal attention. On the afternoon of Monday, 27th, a large assembly partook of an excellent tea, provided by the ladies of the church and congregation, and in the evening addresses were delivered by the venerable President of the Conference, the Rev. Mr. Watlrin, who, in a style highly illustrative of the cheerfulness and peace to be insured by earnest Christianity, delighted the audience by the narrative of his first and highly favorable impres sions of the colony, its paople, and its churches ; and also, by the lively colors in which he set forth the great truth that godliness conserves physical as well as moral beauty. The itev. Air. Wattord rejoiced that at such spiritual as well as financial advancement was contem plated and promoted, while the Rev. S. Rabone held, that among other advantages of such meetings was this —the act of giving induced a healthy tone to the mind and character of the giver, enabling him more fully to appreciate his position ia relation to his Father, to the Church, and to the world at large, from all of whom himself had received benefits. The Rev. G. G. Howden, Congregational minister, followed with a few fraternal remarks of much propriety and point. The usual votes of thanks were proposed by the resident office-bearers of the church to the ladies, the Chairman, and the rev. visitors, each of whom had given their help with so much liberality and effect. It was stated, that the financial result of the various services was a sum of above £50 in favor of the Trust Funds. Mr. J. Col ton was the Chair man of the meeting.— Communicated. Peksent to Me. Gteundy'. — We have been shown a very beautiful silver hammer, which has been in;mufactured by Mr. Fimhaber, Hindley-street, to the order of certain gentlemen for presentation to Mr. E. I». Grundy, M.P. The affair has been got up by subscrip tion, confined to Is. each subscriber, and the parchment which accompanies the hammer is inscribed as follows :— 'Presented to E. L. Grunday, Esq., M.P., by the fre quenters of the Acre, on the occasion of bis having ' received the honor of knighthood at the hands of the licensing Bench, and in order to enable the honorable gentleman properly to perform his functions in knocking down the various lots which may be entrusted to him.' The hammer will also bear a suitable inscription, but had not been engraved at the time it was shown to us. For the enlightenment of the uninitiated, we may say that ' the Acre' is the designation of the fraternity who assemble at the Victoria Hotel, -where Mr. Grundy resided for some time while in town. Gossip on Boyai. Maeeiage3. — It is amusing to English people to see the interest which is taken in France at this moment, in. the affairs of England. The marriage of the Princess Alice being all settled and arranged, and, as it were, a fait accompli, no longer occupying speculation, another subject of intense excitement is aroused iii that of the Prince of Wales, and his union with, a Princess of HolsteLn, the Princess Anna. Will the future Princess of Wales be Danish or German — the Princess aforementioned, or the Princess of Hesse ? Disputes run high in salons and clubs, while the unconscious objects of so much thrilling anxiety are enjoying the autumnal freedom of country life, without the smallest care upon, their minds concerning the future so kindly in preparation for them at the hands of their unknown friends. The Princess, says the partisans of the North, is in all respects a fitting bride for the heir to the English Crswn. She is just fifteen, very fair, with a most brilliant complexion, and lovely fair hair, clustering m thick curls about her neck and shoulders. Her Koyal Highness has been most oarefully brought up, and is possessed of a most splendid musical talent, cultivated to its utmost extent by the first masters in Europe. Altogether, she is considered one of the most accomplished Princesses in Europe ; and her portrait, in white muslin, with blue ribbons, and a rosebud in her golden hair, long formed one of the great attractions of Giroux's exhibition on the Boulevards, The progress of their union is watched with the greatest anxiety by those in whoae brains the idea first originated,' particularly ' because the consequence would be the close alliance of Denmark with England, of course, and consequent difference with Prussia, to whom such an alliance would be most displeasing — full liberty for France to make war on the Rhine, as Prussia, unsupported by England, would be defenceless,' &c.; And thus, on and on, for a length of time, totally forgetful of the circumstance of the alliance of another member of the Royal Family of England, equally near, and equally dear, with Prussia, which at onee cancels all needless speculations on the subjects. Of the second Princess less is known by our wise men of Paris, and at this very moment their curiosity is great to learn every particular concerning her. As far as present information goes, they, have ascertained that Her Serene Highness is fair and comely, with chesnut hair — that she is considered the beauty of the Hesse Darmstadt family, and that ahe is remarkable for the prettiest sweemess ana amiaDmry ot ner disposition. Her Highness is, moreover, a poetess, and has written a series of hymns, to be sung by the children of the Court Chapel, which are greatly and justly admired for their purity of style and sentiment. It ia some consolation to learn, amongst' other things, thus gathered concerning HeBgian Court — of which our sweet Prinoess Alice is so soon to become a mem ber — tha* the Grand Ducal Besidence is an earthly residence — that the whole family is amiable and accomplished — and that the peace and harmony which reign undisturbed at the palace render it a model for every household in Europe. The Court of Darmstadt is the most elegant and refined in the world. No thing can equal the ease and happiness of the life there. The good intelligence which exists between the people and the Government — the quiet respecta bility of the reigning family — the protection afforded to literature and the arts — and, above all, the perfect confidence which- the people feel in the desire of their sovereign to render even justice to every class — all this so contrary to the usual speotacle of little disputes and bickerings, the petty ambitions and jealousies, which the other little German Courts affords, has rendered the old city of Darmstadt one of the most delightful places to inhabit ou the face of the earth. — Court Journal, Loins Phuxipfe and Guizot. — In September, 1843, during the first visit of Queen Victoria to the Chateau d' Eu, while walking one day in the garden of the castle, in front of some wall-trees covered with fine peaches, the King gathered one and offered it to the Queen, who wished to eat it, but was at a loss how to peel off the skin, The King took a small knife from his packet, saying, ' One who has been a poor devil like me, living on 40 sous a day, always carries a knife !' And he joined in the general smile at this allusion to his poverty. On another occasion I happened to be alone with the Zing. He spoke to me of his domestic position, of the future of his family, of the chances that still weighed upon tbem ? and he grew warm while entering into the details of his expenses, his debts, and the absurdities in which people indulged as to his property. He took me suddenly by both hands, and said with extreme emotion, ?' I tell you, my dear Minister, that mf UUdren will muttarw&n;~-?nHtf' , M^mi^ Tol, { 