NEW GOODS. THE UNDERSIGNED HAS RE CEIVED, Er 7, WES.'I UR IY, Jut Arrived, 245 PACKAGES Of very superior Goods, imported expressly to order for FAMILY USE. GENEVA, 50 cases, key brand, mild and very superior Whiskey, one bhd. GLENLIVET Sperm candleo, 111 boxes Belmont, pure and CARRIAGE MOONS SODA WATER, 10 casks, each 8 dozen, Pitt and Co.'s LIME JUICE, iii qr..casks Golden syrup, barrel bnngs, fruit corks Sardines, 10 eases halves and quarters Castor oil, pints and half-pints SAGO, small pearl; 3MACCARONI, pearl barley Chocolate, in cakes and sticks, Fry & Son's and Taylor Bros.' Harper Twelvetrees' soap powders CITRON, orange, and lemon peels Essences lemon, almonds, vanilla, from FonTvar, MAsoN, & Co. Pickles, 25 cases Cnossa & BLACKi{wFr.L's walnuts, mixed, cabbage, gherkins, white onions, picalilli, &e.; CALF'S-FOOT JELLY, India soy, Cole man's blue Worcestershire sauce, pints and half-pints Raisins in boxes, Sultanas and Elemo-new fruits. C. J. IhVINE', Brisbane-street. September 12. DEELORA:IN;E STORE, LATE WILLIA3'A GRIE. T HE business of this store is now con :-'dueted sby the undersigned, and having disposed of the old stock, the inhabitants of Deloraino and its vicinity are offered a now lot of goods, purchased in thie cheapest man nser; which will be 'sldant the smallest rate of profit that the strictest economy in manage ment will enable him to pay for them. G.noRE PADMAN. •September 13. fa COLONIAL GRASS SEED, Warranted " A prime lot 150 bushels, for salo at C. T. WxeTMAe's, Brisbane-street. Sept. 12. (e DON COALS: HREE OARGOES of the above coals are eh i ted to arrive on Monday next. Orders left., with. the undersigned will be proimptly httended to. CI?s? . V. RonmasoN, St. John-street. Septeimber 13. (x STRAYED on to my farm, about the month of April last, one bay colt, rising two years. The ownercan have it by paying expense of grazing and this advertisement. JAMBs PIIILLIPrs, ) ~siddle Plains, Deloraine. AUCTION SALES. Notice. THE sale advertised for Wednesday next, at Doloraine, is postponed for about three weeks. Notice of the day will appear in duo course. z) BELL & V?I'STRnooK. Bell .& . estbrlook Preliminary -Notice. Estate of Lerais .ill. B)ELL & WESTBROOK are favored [} with instructions from F.W. Steiglitz, Esq., to sell by auction;on an early day, at their mart; The estate of Lewis llill, containing 4054 'htres, a large extent of good land ad. Joftiing. Particular;, date, and terms will be shortly given.- (x Household lFurniture,. l?ano, 'c. bronday, ithl instant. B ELL &':WESTBROOK .have received instructions from Mrs. .Tremlett, who is leaving Launceston, to. sell by : auction,' at her residence, Bennell's Buildings, St. John street, on above date, at 32 o'clock, The, following quantity ofihousehold fur niture; viez. :-Sideboard, dining table, sofa, chairs, rocking ditto, window curtains, grate, fender and fire irons, new.dinner set, white and gold china breakfast'set, kerosine lamps, carpets, rugs, ;hall. table, stair carpeting, French bedsteads, iron ditto anad stretchers, toilet tables, looking glasses, washtsands and, services, towel horses, chests drawers, clothes press, carpets, foot and sponge baths, kitchen table, meat safe, Dutch oven, clothes horses, crockery.utensils, dc:, &c.; Also Handsome walnut wood piano Canterbury Leathercovered couch Easy chair Six chairs to match Loo table Chess and side table Polished codsr poles and curtains Hei'thrug, grate. The above are for positive unreserved sale, Terma cash(a Stock at I'erth. B ELL & WESTBIlOOK will sell by nue. timo, at lussell's yards, Perth, in a few days, notice of which will be given, About 1000 fat mld storo sheer Pat cattle and other stock. (e Stock at .cewstead. BIELT & WESTBROOK are instructed to sell by auction, at Turner's yards, Nowetead, on THURSDAY, 18111 instant, at 1 o'clock, 300 sheep 40 wethers in good condition 3 fat steers 1 cart horse, 5 years, warranted sound and good in any work 2 heifers, just calved Several cows and Iheifers, springing 1 first rate cow, in full milk 1 cart horse, 6 years, good in all work, sold under distraint for rent 1 Timor pony Scveral saddle and harness horses A few articles of saddlery 1 fit calf. Terms at sale. (a Lease and Goodwill of the Bush Inn, Bishopsbourne. Mlronday, 22nd inst. B ELL & WESTBROOK have received instructions from Mr. Thomas Lawson to sell by auction, at their mart, on MON DAY, 22nd instant, at one o'clock, The lease and goodwill of that well known and old established house, the Bush Inn, Bishopsbourno, at present occupied by Mr. Lawson. The old lease has some 12 months to run, and is at present at a rental of £200 per annum, but to a respectable tenant the proprietor, Mr. Webb, will grant an extension of the lenso for five years, and reduce the rental to .150 a year. It is needless fqr the auctioneers to remark upon the charctir of tlhis inn, as it is uni. versally known to'hbe 'perhaps .the best money making house in the colony. It is commodioiisly' ind:most substantially built, has an excellent garden with paddock attached; also stables, skittle alley, coach house, laundry and washhouse, spirit store, out-houses, sheds, &o.; Tho only reason Mr. Latwson has for leaving it is that his farming pursuits prevent him giving that attention to the business that it so justly deserves. The furniture, utensils, &c.;, will be sold separately within a day or two of the sale, particulars of whiih will be advertised in duo time. Terms One-third cash; balance at three, four, and six months credit on approved bills. (x Longford Sale. Wednesday, 24th instant. B ELL AND WESTBROOK will sell by auction, at Ilyrons' yards, Longford, on the above date, 60 three and four-year-old heifers Fat cattle Fat sheep Fine woolled rams And other sltock, particulars of which will bo shortly given. (n Stoc' at Lontgford. B ELL & WESTBROOK are instructed to sell by auction, at Hyrons' yards, Longford, on WEDNESDAY,.24th instant,at I o'clock, 60 3 and 4 year old heifers 10 fat steers 8 ditto ditto 100 fat wether, 10 fine woolled rams. Terms at sale. (a Fat l ethcre, Longford. Wednesday, 24jth inst. B ELL & WESTBROOK r :ir instructed to sell hy auction, at Hyrons' yards, Longford, on WEDNESDAY, 2,th instant, 150 very good fat wethers, from the Cressy grasses., Tdrms cash.' (a Stock' at Pertl Tuesday, 30th September. BMELL & WESTBROOK are instructed to Ssol by auction, at Russell's yards, Perth, on TUESDAY, 30th September, at 1 o'clock, 400 good store wothers - 100 fat ditto 100 fat half-bred Leicesters 200 fat ewes 450 ewes, with 70 per cent. lambs 6 fat beasts 3 pairs working bullocks aud tackling. Terms at sale. (a THURSDAY, 9TH OCTOBER, 1802. THE ELLINTHORP ESTATE, TASMANIA. B)ELL & WESTBROOK are instructed . by G. C. Clark, Esq., who is leaving the colony, to sell by public auction, nt Engle. bert's Hotel, Campbell Town, at 12 o'clock on the 0th of October, the day after the Midland Agricultural Show, The whole of the EIl'nthorp Estate, comprising a total area of 44,402 acres. In submitting this valuable property to public competition, thie auctioneers desire to impress upoln intetuding purchasers Mr. Clark's intention to sell, anid in order to remove any etroneous impressions respecting the reserves put upon the several lots, they are instructed to publish the upset prico sEied to eaoh lot, and to assure the publio that although theose reserves are almost nominal, they will not in an.y way be increased. Thise property has been subdivided nud fenced into convenient estates, and will be sold in the following lots: Lot No. 1. THE VERWOOD ESTATE, Situated below the Western Mountains, comprising an area of 9740 acres, is fenced into ten runs and paddocks, with two never- failing streams running through it. On this estate is erected a substantial and comfortable dwelling house and oflices, suitable to the re quiroments of a respectablo family, and adjacent to it is a line garden, steoked with the choicest fruit trees in fiil bearing. An extensive range of out buildings, to contain stores, stables, and barn, shearing departments, &c.;, &ce.;, &e.;, is in course of erection. Upset price, 25s. an acre. Lot No. 2. THE DOG'S HEAD STATION, Situate at the Lakes, fronting on Lakes Sorell and Crescent, adjoinstlhe Ver Wood Estate, and contains H950 acres, fenced into oight runs and paddocks. On this estate is a substantially built stone dwelling.bhose, mein's residence, stables, sheep and cattle yards, &c.;, Se., &o.; Upset price, 25s. an acre. The purchaser of this lot will be entitled to the transfer of the lease of 2500 acres of crown land adjoining, securely fenced into two runs. S Lo No. 3. THE INTERIAKEN STATION, Fronting on LLkes Crescent and Soroell, the River Clyde, and township of In. terlaken, contains 4970 acres, .fen?d into seven runs and paddocks, hlaomng also a comfortable dwelling-house and offices, with stables, sheep yards, &o;,, &c.;, &c.; This station has always been considered the cream of the' laked country, and is not to be surpassed by any in the co!ony. Upset price, 30s. an acre. Lot Nos. 4 and 5. THE ST. PATRICK'S PLAINS STATION, Fronting upon the River Shlinon :an'd Arthur's Lake, contains a total area of 10,630 acres, divided into, eight runs and paddocks. This station will be sold in two portions, the ?oreatiLake Rond, which is fenced on both sides, being the division between tihe lot~ Lot 4. Tie Southern portion fronting on. the Ricer Shannon, contains. 4980 acres, on which is erected a comfortable dwelling house, stable, sheep and cat tie yards, &c.;, &e.;, &c.; Lot 5. The northern portion, fronting on Ar thur's Lakes, contains 5644. acres. Upset price, 30s an! acre. Lot No. 6. THE ELLINTHORP ESTATE, Situated bclow the Western Mountaii.s, adjoiningl Verwood, and comprising an area of '6840 acres, is fenced into more than fifteen runs and paddocks, witll two never-failing streams of waterrun. ning through them. On this estate is situated the homestead, the dwelling hous.~jbing capacious anld substan tially built of stone, and well adapted for.theo rcquirements of a large family, surrounded by a very productive gar deri of flveacres. The outbuildings consist of stores, storeman's and over seer's quarters, Jtabling for twelve horses, coach-house, blacksmitlh's and carpenter's . shops, dairy, laundry, slaughter-house, men's residlence, &e.;, &e.; The shearing and dipping de partments, which are constructed; of stone and weatherboard, are not to be equalled by any in the colony for size, convenience, and efficiency. About a mile from the house is situated the sleerpwash, whero every conveni-. cnce is provided for washing with hot water; to vhlich circumstance may be chietly attributed the; high prices ohb tuined for the, llllimthorpwools in the London market. Some idea may. formed of the extent of these, improve. menrts from the fact that theinsurbnco policies alone amount to over £8000. Upset pric.85s., an socr'. . Lot' No. 7. THE SUGAR-LOAF ESTATE, Adjoining bothEllinthorp nad Verwiood, contains an nrea of. 8372 acres, fenced into four runs and paddocks,. and,is a first class lambing station. Upset price 40s. ani acre. Titles-Grants from the Crown. Terms Ono-third cash; the balanco by bills se cured on the estate at one, two, three, four, and five years, bearing interest at the rate of six per cent. per annum. Charls of the dillerent properties are in course of preparation, and well be shortly 'if view at Messrs. Doell and Westbrook'sl Laud. ceston ; at the oflire of W. HI Clayton; Edt, Surveyor, Launceston; at Englobert's' [I-otel, Campbell Towo ; at Mr. White's, Storekeeper, Bothwell ; and, at the otliceo o Chns. Butler, Esq., Solicitor, Hobart Town. N.B. Tlhe purcheasor of anty lot will have the privilege of slecting any portion .of the stock, consisting of 30,000 shleep, &c.;, (more or less) ih their wool, at a valuation, with n credit of four, emilt, and twelve months, Any stocek tot so die. posed of will be sold by public sue. tion, in their wool, the first week in Di. ill; ;V comber, when possession will be given of the land. Mr. Clark will be happy to see any gentleman wishing to inspect ltol estato, and by giving two or three days notice they would be met at either Antill Ponds or Ross by n conveyance to take them on to Ellin. thorp. Cohen Brothers. "' Important Preliminargy Notice. To Mierclants, Grocers, Dealers, Store. keepers, and others. COHEN BROTHERS ihave received in structions from Messrs. Dn Oroz, to sell by auction, at their, stores, Charlesa.stiet, on an early day (due notlce of whitl wil be given), A large and varied assortment of Tens, sugars Groceries, oilmen's stores Wines and spirits Bottled and draught beers &e.;, &c.;, &e.; Tihe above are to be sold to close several shipments. Duo notice of day of sale and other particulars will appear in a future ad vertisement. (a A Desirable Investment. Valuable Frelhold Properties. C OHEN BROTHERS'have received in tructions from Mr. J. Hargraves, to sell by public auction (without reserve), on the premises, on MONDAY, the 15th inst., at 12 o'clock precisely, Two weatherboarded cottages, with a frontage on Percy-street of 30 feet, andl depth of 73 feet each. A brick shop," with a frontage on Wel lington.road of 27 feel, and .a depth 'of 117 feet,/with a two.roosied cottage in !the rear. A shop in Wellington.road occupied by '.;Mr. Smallwood, having.a frontage of 16 feet and a depth of 100 feet,. with a right-of-way to.Percy- streot 10 feet wide. Two allotments in Percy-street, each ihaving a frontage of 30 feet by a depth 72 feet. Terms Twenty.five per cent. cash on the fall of the hammer; 25 per cent, on completion of the title; the residue by approved acceptances at three and six months from day of sale. I'g Title guaranteed. The above properties are positively to be sold, and are well worthy the attention of tradesmen and others desirousof possessing a freehold of thleir own. ' (a Retmainngy Portion of Stock. In tIlhe elate of James' Peters. C OHEN BROTHERS have receiv;ed instructions from the Assignees in iho estate of James Peters to sell by anution; at' 'the stores, St Jolhn-street, on TUESDAY, the 23rd inst., at 12 o'clock, 1 qr.-cask port wine 1 hhd. sherry ditto I ditto porter 5 cases cordials 2 ditto claret 3 cases bottled wino 2 cases bottling wax 3 chests H S tea - 4 boxes congnou Gazehound" 20 cases Cowards' herrings- . 11 bags fine salt 28 ditto coarse ditto 2 cases ground ginger 1 case musttard 1 cask washing soda' 1 case corks 324 empty wine cases O.ditto .hogsheads . Lot timber '2 wheat screens 1 patent weighing machine 'Lot rope hawsers Lot second hand and new tors sacks lO pictures .... 1 setscales • .2.wheat trucks . Bottloe baskets, copper measures ,Pump and funnels ,. Sqives, skids And a quantity of sundries. eforms at sale. (x E~xtensive and Important Sale'of Groceries, Oilmena's Stores, ltines anid Spirits, Beer, cfe. At thel Stores of iesersr. Du D crox ' Co. To M.erclhants, Grocers, 'Storekeepers, and Otlhers. C OHEN BROTHERS have received in structions from' Messrs. Do Croz & Co., to sell by anction,- at theiri stores, Charles. street, on WEDNESDAY, _the 24th instant, at 11 o'clock, to close various shipments, pre-, paratory to their half.yearlybalance, A large and varied assortment of gro. ceries, oilnion's stores, wines and spirits, beers, &.o Also, Several consignmeints lately held bhyMr. ' James Peters, consisting of 'Groceries, oilmen's stores, bottled beer, dc. Together with a' largd quantity of 'sun. 'dries, in respect of whlii orders have been received by Messrs. Du Croz and : Co.' by tho -'last mail to effoect imme diate sales. Terms liberal at sale. The auctioneers desire to call the attention of the trade and othmts to thie above important sale, as the whole of tha consignments will positively be sold without eserva- e ( 1H Howe. Saturdays' Sales. A SALE by auction of horses, pigs, house hold furniture, groceries, Irapery, clothing, boots, shoes, and sundries, is held at the Victoria Yards and Mart every Satur day, commencing at 11 o'clock.: (n Allotments atOlen Dhu. 2b Capitalists, Working Ien, and Others. Preliminary Notice. /R. H. HOWE is instructed to sell by V pblio auotion, at the mart, Charles. street, as soon-as the surveys are completed, Several very eligible allotments of land, of various measurements, opposit the resideneetot. W. GOnn, Esq., Glen Dhu, and which will be disposed of to meet the times, the proprietor being determined to sell. From the very desirable site, the auctioneer would recommend parties intending to build; either for, residence or investment, to avail themselvesof this opportunity. (x By direction of .T A. Watkins, Esq., Ourator of Intestate Estates. The Property of the late .1rs. Bishop. R. HOWE will sell by auction, at the L V'Victoria Mart, on WEDNESDAY, 17th instant, at 11 o'clock, Four paokages of clothing and sundries, .including- - Silk, muslin, land cotton dresses, made • and unmade' . \- Mantlesi shawls, plated-waro, hosiery, . books, ormaments, &o.;, &o.; Terms eanh. (w Important Sale. .G ibing up Business. Stook-ina?Traide, Ilouelhold .urniture, Lease and Goodwill. MR. H. HOWE, who is giving up busi. ness, will sell by anction, at the Vic teria mart, on TUESDAY and WEDNES DAY, 23rd and 24th September, commencing each day at 11. o'clock,;' '" :LFIRST DA'Y, 23rd, ' Seventeen :bags crystal snd counter sugars. Sbven 'liestets'd lines of congoa and' ra' gepai ckoe, tea''" Sperm candles, tacr sh..ap, oatmeal, ri..b bngttlewi?tid"d w " Table salt, d&o.;&. " :'. . Also Largo. woodeu',sale.room, 46 x 18 feet, containing 0000 .to_ 7000 superficial feet of11x3and 7x3deals, 4x3 rafters ; 1-inch, inch, and half.inch :bards, hardwood boards, &o.; Corruated icon, weights and scales, auc tioneer's pulpit Counters, tables, chests, seasoned inch boards, large gates Benches, sack truck, wheelbarrow, safe, ladders, nails, shovels, &d.;, &dec.; SAOOND DAY, 24th. SUPERIOR HOUS EHOLTD FURNITURE, PIANO, PLATED WARE, ENGRA VINGS, STATUETTES, LUSTRES, ORNAMENTS, Sc. Richly toned solid walnut cottage piano, by Gordon, 60 octaves Handsome solid Spanish mahogany book case, with escritoire and plate glass doors : - Spanish mahogany eheflonior, by John-. son & Jeanes, London, carved, with plate glass back Walnut Canterbury and music stool to match piano Walnut card table and rosowood what not ; ,.;: ' Mahogany leather-seated easy chair, and six chairs to matchs Clhinese pard table ; Hair-seated couch and large loo table. PICTURES AND ORNAMENTS. Large engraving, 4ftL0 in. by 83feet, in handsomu gilt frame, Life at tihe Sea side, Ramsgate, from the original: painting by,:Frith, in the possession of the Queen . Large engraving, 3 ft. 6 in. by 2 ft. 10 in., "The Ro'yal Family,' from Winter h lter . ... .. . Engraving from Winterhalter, Prince of Wales and Princess -Royal Several other ArtUnion and other choico . engravings: B.eautiful statuette in glass. shade, 'Dionysius and Ariadne'. ,... : -, , Yery hapdsomo.cut glass lustres and or Brussels carpet, nearly new Fender, fire-irons, stove, and dust-pan Copper coal scuttle Damask curtains, poles, &o.; BEDROOMS. Handsome walnut dressing table, with oval semi.choval toilet.:glass on stand attached Marhble top washstand by Seddons, Lon. don, with stone china service Victoria iron bedstead, English feather bed, palliasse; &o;:. Several oil paintings and engravings Chest drtwers and cupboard Washstand, service, and commode Large toilet glass Brassels and :other carpoeis and floor eloth Pole and cartal, PASSAGE. Mahogany sideboard 'and stand Dinner service, china, &o.;, &o.; SILVER PLATED WARE, &o.; Handsome bread-tray and egg-stand on Nickel silver Ditto dish covers, forming four corner dishes Spirit stands, cruet stands, and glas. lined plated mugs Pair very handsome candlesticks, on Nickel silver, with snuffers and tray Fishknifo, table, dessert, and teaspoons Tea and coffee service, superior Decanters, water jugs, dishes, and plates Cut celery glass, claret jug Tumblers, wines and ale glasses. OFFICE FURNITURE. Writing table with drawers Pigeon holes, cupboard, and book rack Plan rack, map of Launceston by Bab. bington. Chairs, tables, clock, candlesticks Counter, shelves, desk, &o.; KITCHEN & YARD. Capital American stove Sideboards, table, chairs, clock, knives and forks Crockery, covered jugs, tubs and buckets, bedstead Tinware, saucepans, kettles, &c.; Long length gutta percha piping with tube. The Lease of premises, 7 years, at.£160 per annum, together with the goodwill, will be put up at 12 o'clock on the second day of the sale. Terms at sale. (e C. V. Robinson. . Shares in the Launceston Gas Company. C HAS. V. ROBINSON has received in. structions to sell by auction, at his marf, in St. John.street, on TUESDAY, the 23rd instant, at 12 o'clock, 03 shares in the Launceston Gas Com-. pany. The auctioneer begs to call the attention of parties having money to invest to the above sale, the Company being in a very flourishing condition, having declared a dividend at the annual meeting at the rate of 8 per cent. Terms cash. The shares will be sold in small lots. (e WESTBURY ROAD DISTRICT. NOTICE. 'lHE Collector has been instructed to take Sproceeding, without further notice, against all persons whose rates shall not be paidon or before the 18th instant. By order of the Trustees, Rionmna Day, Chairman. September 4. . (n 3)EST TAMAR STONE LIME.-Solo i agent for Mr. E. Thomas's Tamar Lime, v. H. GODWIN, Wellington-street, two doors below Hart's Buildings. Sept. 0. (x; TO ANTIQUARIANS. OR SALE-A complete edition of Bailey's Dictionary, published A. D. 755, comprehending the derivations of. the eonerality of words in the English tongue, either. ancient or modem, from the ancient oritish, Saxon, Danish, Norman,. and modern French, Tenutonic, Dutch, Spanish, f alian, as also from the Latin, Greek, and ebrew languages, each in its piroper .cha-. racters. Price Six Guineas. Address, A.ruA, Mangana. ( LAUNCESTON ORICKET CLUB. A GENERAL MEETING of thdI above r Club will be held at the -!' Criterion otel," on+ Saturday evening, September. 18,. ?t7o'ceck,:when, all members are requested o attend.. R. SHAPF.,., a) Heon. Sec. HCUDLEIGH ROAD DISTRICT.:. ,E.the uondersigned landholders of the aV above road district do hereby convene meeting of landholders in the said road dis riot, to be held atChudleigh Inn, Chndleigh, on Thursday, the 2nd day of October, 1862, at 12 o'clock noon, for the purpose of consilering. the advisability of petitioning th? Governor to pjroclaim certain roads to be cross 'eadd.? J. P. Groom J. Lovejoy, Henry Rocklifle Wm. Walker S. M. Roberts D. PiCket Robert Symmons R. Hall Robert Gibspn H. Ashdown J:osoph Claytobn. .. Dotel' th6 4tliday of September 1862.."~ OERVANTS' HOME, CANNING.STREET, R ESPECTABLE female servantscan: be J accommodated with bard and lodging' dn moderate terms. H. M. STEPLsENSO,' Matron.- (x IMMIGRATION. rTHREE Norfolk immigrants, good.plouglh fL . men, are remaining for hire. - Appli cations to be made at the Savings Bank. Ad dress H. D., Immigration, Launceston. SAugust. 22. (a I ISABELLA WEBSTER. A NY-person who can give information ro pecting Isabella Webster, native of Scotland,age about 45 or 50 years, will please communicate with the undersigned. ST. Pa?RxiNa, Superintendent of Police. iLongford Municipality, Sept. 3. ( •/IEDICAL.--u. W. nR. SrwA?T, Sor. LI J. geon, &e.;, may be conaultcd.(for the wesent) at tho residence of the late Dr.. w ..tablo dle.. . sp. 8. 