ASSOCIATION OF DISTRICT CHAIRMEN SPECIAL MEETING. A special meeting of the Association of District Chairman was held on Tuesday, at the Norfolk Arms Hotel, Rundle-street. Tile following members were pre-<*> sent: —D. Ferguson, Esq., President; Messrs. G. liauis, Paynoliain; H. Hamilton, Brighton; B. | Undgeu, Noariungra ; W. F?*rgiy?c?.> Yankalilia ; C. T. Scowu, Mudla Wirra; V. Ctoritaii, Hromor; K. J: Kelly, featree tiully; F. B. Chapman, Clarcudon; James Sloggett, Nairne; A. M. Alleu. Tungkillo ; W. Fl. Russell, Echunga ; B. rjawson, Talunga ; and Keraj) Pcaney, {Secretary. Tlio President, D. Fcrgus son, Ke'l-, occupied the cbair. Tiie "pootiag had been called far consideration or the question of immigration and nomiuation of gontlemea to fill the vacancies caused |by tV;6 uaaudl retirement of luambers of the Central , i Koad Board. [ COBttESPOXT)E^CF). The Secretary rend a Isttor froiu" tlic Commissioner of Crown Lands In reference to the payment of fines for i illegal busk fires, aud stating that one-Ualf of the fine imposed should go to tho informer and the bdlance to the Distiict Council. The letter alw stated that there was no provision authorising q remission of the )>enal ties imposed, or suiy part - thereof, liy tho District j Ccuuciis. Recc'ved. IMMIGRATION. The President said immigration was a question which interested them all. Two-birds of the colony , vr^a populated liy Government imniierants and their descendants. Those who had come out under Govern ment had, with a few exceptions, done well, aud some of them were very rich. Those who opposed immigration took a narrow-minded view ?f tlie matter. It was a fallacy to suppose tliat meu were bolter ell at home than they were her??. He feare.l that ilie Government were influenced more by those who lmn^ about the cor ners of tho streets than by the country generally. It was a faot that :i country could never be groat without population, and in (hose colouics there were contiuua] resources opening up which would Give employment to as many as would come here. Many instances mi^Ut lie giveo of the inconvenience occasioned to emiJeyeis by the great scarcity of labor; but. he would leave these matters to be touched ou by other epcakcrs, and would mcr?l/ ftiH upoa tlibm to <lis<!uss the question. Mr. Ohapmajt, after a few remarks, proposed that it was incompatible with their position as District Chair men to discuss this subject. He considered that it wc£ a matter lor the consideration of their reprejeutativos in Parlmmect. Their proper busi&uss; was to nominate members for (le Cpn.ra; Road lioard. ilr. Ktx.LY seconded tho Pioti m. He thought that as District Ohalrtnon it was not their province to; (snsi'ler such a questiuu, afiectins: as it did political interests, lie hoped they would not consider it then. Mr. DiWSOX agreed with tho remarks of tho pro poser and seconder. He considered tUat it wa". ir.avi !'.t thai this matter should be left to their represeutitUes. The Pitesi DENT asked whether Mr. Chapmau was now a District Chairman. Mr. Cephas explained that he was ChaUm,an of the District of ClarendW, although the notification was not yet made public. The President explained that he had called the meeting at the request of several Chairmen, and he should like to see the oAstion discussed. The Secretary read a letter from one of the District Councils, expressing similar opinions to those of Mr. Chapman and his supporters. Mr. H AjmTON thought that they were quite able to discuss the subject, but the legitimate business of the Association was to nominate members for the Central Boad Board. Mr. Chapman said that be was, he thought, a little misunderstood. He was quite willing to remain and discuss the question as a farmer or a colonist, but he considered that as a District Chairman he had no right to discuss nach a, political question. Mr. Russell spoke in favor of the resolution, and a sboii.discutsion ensued ; 603117 the motion was carried and the matter lapsed. * THE NOMINATION FOB THE VACANCIES IK THE BOAD SOAKD. Mr. Russell on the part of the District of Echunga nominated Messrs. W. Duffield, D. Sutherland, and Walter Davenport. ? Mr. Williams, of Payneham, proposed Messrs. Walter Duffield, A. Hallett, D. Sutherland, and Daniel Fergusson. Mr. Kelly, of Teatree Golly, opposed the principle of recommending members of Parliament as members of the Central Boad Board. He considered such a posi tion was a very anomalous one. As members of the Central Road Board their representatives were amenable' to the Government while in Parliament. Again the Government was to a great extent amendable to them. He should move therefore that it was not advisable that members of Parliament should be elected members of the Central Boad Board. Mr. Dawson seconded the motion. Mr. Russell opposed the motion, referring to the Impounding Act. Mr. Hamilton moved the previous question, which was seconded by Mr. Williams. Mr. Sco wn spoke in favor of the flection of members of Parliament as members of the Board. Mr. Shebidan thought the Board had worked well in times past, and he saw no reason to alter their principle of election. . The amendment was carried.- Mr. Scown then proposed, on behalf of the District of Mudla Wirra, Messrs. Walter Duffield, A. Blyth, D. Sutherland, and D. Fergusson. The Secretary read a letter from the Mount Barker District Council, nominating Mr. D. Fergusson as one of the representatives of the South-Eastern District. Mr. J-potiswood, for Yatala, nominated Messrs. E. Milne, A. Blyth, and D. Fergusson. Mr. Dawson, of Talunga, nominated Mr. Arthur Blyth. Mr. Hamilton, of Brighton, nominated Messrs. W. Duffield, A. Hallett, D. Sutherland, and D. Fergusson. Mr. Chapman nominated Mr. A. Hallett as a fit and proper person to represent the South District. The Chairman then put each name to the meeting separately, and the following gentlemen were duly nominated by the whole meeting:—Messrs. W. Duffield, D. Fergusson, A. Blyth, and A. Hallett SUBSCRIPTIONS. The Secbetabt called attention to the feet that many of the Councils had not paid up their subscrip tions. He trusted they would do so, as the Association could not prosper unless the fees were regularly paid up. The Chairman expressed a hope this notice would be attended to. The meeting then separated. Special Religious Services. —The United Meeting for Prayer, ou Saturday evening, was held at the Bible Christian Chapel, Young-street, at 7 o'clock The subject of prayer was the better observance of the Lord's Day. The Rev. S. Keen presided, and opened the meeting by giving out a Hymn; after which the Sev. 3. Gardner read a portion of Scripture appropriate to the subject of the evening. The Revs. F. W. Cox, and J. Lyall, Mr. W. K. Thomas, the Bey. — Hancock, Mr. Bine, and the Bey. J. Gardner engaged in prayer. The Chairman earnestly recommended the ministers present to keep in view the subject recommended by the Evangelical Alliance in their sermons on the ensuing Sabbath. The dismission hymn was then sung, and the benediction being pronounced, the meeting separated. On Monday evening a United Communion Service was held in the Wesleyan Chapel, Pine-street, the lower part of which was completely filled with members of various Christian Churches, who united together in partaking of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper. There were also many spectators in the galleries. The Bey. W. Butters having given out a hymn, the congregation joined in singing ; after which the Bey. W. Harcus offered an appropriate prayer. Another hymn having been sung, the Rev. G. Stonehouse addressed the ??iniiiniii?mfr in a solemn and impressive manner, alluding to the plea sure that all Christians must feel in laying aside minor distinctions and uniting in that way at the table of their Lord, hi whom they were all one. He expressed a hope that a greater feeling of union amongst Christians would result from these interesting meetings which had just closed. Finally he exhorted his hearers to look through and beyond the sign to the thing signified, and to endeavor to realise in their own experience the benediction of their Lord and Master. The bread and wine were then distributed by the various ministers present, the Bey. F. W. Cox having offered prayer, alter which the Rev. J. Lyall in an earnest and solemn address besought those who bad not yet decided for God to do so without delay, reminding them of the value of their immortal souls, and suggesting that all the services of the past week would not have been in vain, if there should be "joy that night In the presenceoftheaagelEofGodorerbutonorepentingsinner." A hymn was then sung, and a collection made to defray expenses; it was announced that the surplus, if any would be handed over to the City Mission! The Rev. J. Gardner next engaged in prayer, and the benediction having been pronounced, this, the most solemn and interesting of all the week's services, was brought to a close. We believe several prayer meetings in connection with the same object have been held in various parts of the country, of which particulars will probably reach us in due time. We have heard from Macclesfield that services were held alternately in the Congregational and Wesleyan Chapels, where large congregations assembled, aud great interest was manifested. On each Sunday sermons were preached in the respective chapels to large and attentive congregations. Accident.—On. the afternoon of Tuesday, January 14, about 3 o'clock, an accident occurred toe Mrs. Buckley, a greengrocer in Currie-street. It appears she was passing the Baths in a cart partially loaded with vegetables. She stopped there for some time, and drew her cart on one side ot the road in order to allow a young lad in her employ to have a bathe. Whilst sitting in the vehicle waiting, two persona, evidently the worse for liquor and driving tandem, drove furiously against her cart, pitching her out. She received several bruises about the body and a severe cut on the head. The parties drove on without offering any assistance nearly running: into another car. Dr. Phillips, who' happened to be at the Baths at the time, promptly attended to her, and she was removed to the Baths, when the persons in charge rendered her every, assist ance. The police were immediately informed of the circumstance. Sunstkoke.—Mr. Chambers, of the firm of Everett U Chambers, grocers, received a slight sunstroke 00 Monday last, but we are glad to learn that though at, present obliged to remain at home, be is in a fair way of recovery. New Devon Mixing Company.—An ad vertisement was inserted hi the daQy journals of Tues day, calling a meeting of the shareholders in the above Company for 4.30 p.m. ou that day, at the Norfolk Arms, Bundle-street. At the hour named about a dozen gentlemen were present, but apparently no pro gramme had been arranged, neither did it very cleirly appear for what especial purpose or by whom the meeting had been called. No formal business was transacted, but a conversational discussion ensued, aud it was finally determine! that a requisition, to the Directors to call a special meeting of Ihe shareholders should be prepared in accordance, with the deed of settle ment. A "J^ick"atthe Baths.—OdTuesday after noon three of the stoutest gentlemen in Adelaide, re paired to the baths, and indulged each in a. hot bath. Having thus refreshed- themselves the; grew playful withal, and while walking along ?ha platform previous to making their exit, one. gentleman, was pushed into the swimming bath, and floundered about at a great rate, much to the amusement of the other two, more espe cially of the one who knocked him in. Our jocular friend, however, was somewhat astounded when he. in turn, *as tumbled over by the third, who, having thus given liim a Roland for Lis Oliver, wished both good morning, jumped iato the cab and drove off. The two gentlemen, having knocked about a bit got out, shook thru; clothes, and departed. Doubtless No. 3 has a pleasure yet to come. ? ?> The Cu.aNv-esof 3EING Shot ut Battle.—A short time ago an interesting little book on the theory of war was published at Copenhagen, by Captain Fog, a staff officer in the Danish army, which gives some very curious data respecting the probability of being shot in aottou. In the battle of Czazlau, which took place in 1742, one ball only in every 233 took effect. In the Austro-Prussian campaign of 1793, the result was still more favorable to the preservation of human life, one man being hit only in every 10,000 balls. Bat the art has become a little more efficient now; though even in modern times there are instances extant where a whole band of riflemen plied their trade with signal ill-sucecas against the enemy. In 1849, for instance, a battalion of Prussian Jagers, especially famous for the accuracy of their aim, fired 400 rounds at the. Danish advanced guard, at a moderate distance, without bringing down anything but one hone. On the same day a squadron of Hanscatic cavalry had to pass within a range of a Danish rifle poinpany, and received a volley without so much as a man being hit There is no doubt that the improved weapons of modern times may be used with deadlier effect in the hands of skilled veterans; though the mana?uvenng capabilities of the troops are so greatly increased, and advantage is so carefully taken of the undulations of the soil, as to render even the modern rifle comparatively harmless in the hands of raw and inexperienced levies. Strange ttynu?h it might appear, it is a tact admitting cf. uu contradiction that, upon the whole, nyvqem warfare is not more sanguinary tliiin the battle-axe and long swqr4 of cldcn time. In the battle of Luteen (1632\, the pro> portion of dead aud wounded ta &<> whole of the armies engaged was from V&j;,u *o l-6th ; at Hooh stedt and l>!&ubelm; (1704), from l-4th to 1-ith ? at I-cijisic (1813), l-6th; at Waterloo, I-4thto 1-Sthj at the Alma, 1-ftth to, 1-lQth j at Solferino, J-lOth to 1-llth; Magenta, 1-llth to l-12th; at Isted (185O), 1-121 h(o 113 t h; at Inkerman, ir4th to l-sth. So grout k t';c difficulty of juding distances in the field, and taking a steady aba when actually under fire. Throughout the Crimean war, the proportions of killed to wounded in the J}ri.tjsh. qrmv was about 1 to 4ors, ' 