NEWS OF THE WEEK. A telegram which appears in another column contains the welcome intelligence that the Vic toria has returned to Moreton Bay, and that Walker had crossed the North-Western portion of the continent, and discovered the tracks oj Burke and hi; companions on the hanks of the Flinders River. This conclusively determines the point to which Burke penetrated. On Walker making this discovery Londeaborough and his party started to follow Burke's tracks towards Cooper's Creek. The date on which Londes borough started- is l not given in the telegram, but as in all probability the Victoria left the Giilf im mediately, it is not likely that he will reach Cooper’s Greek before Mr Howitt and the expe dition under his command. In a very short time however, we may expect to hear of the junction of the two parties and of their return to the settled districts. The sum of £15,000 was voted by the Legisla tive Assembly on Friday, towards the erection oi the Melbourne General Post Office.. It was stated that £30,000 would be required to com plete the building. A deposition was evinced to "rant a larger sum'than the Government asked for, in order that the building might be more speedily available, but Mr Haines informed hon. . members that the revenue from all sources had greatly tallen off during the last two months, and there was the prospect 6f a financial difficulty the end of the year. After tins statement the • amendments for the increase of the vote were withdrawn. The number of visitors to the Museums of Natural History, Geology, Mining, and Agricul ture, during the week ending 16th March, was 730.. Very large additions have been made during the last few week's to the general system atic collection of minerals, comprising five suites of the various useful and valuable mineral sub stances which should either be sought for in this colony, as being of likely occurrence, or are species which, from reports of their having occurred, are continually inquired for by the miners'who visit the^museum; but the unfortunate want of space which for the last few years has been so frequently complained of, necessitates the piling of the cases containing these, as well as the carefully arranged and fully labelled metallurgical collections over each other to a height of 10 or 12 feet, so as to be quite useless .to the p.uulic. A most interesting, and very extensive collection of the zoophytes forming the great coral reefs of the North Aus tralian and other warm seas, has also been,recently added to the museum, but can scarcely be seen for the same reason which also renders useless to the public a great number of additions to the general zoological collections. The museums are open to the public daily (Sundays excepted), from 10 a.m till 6 p.m in the north side of the University. The police force in many of the country districts appears to be totally inadequate for all purposes of protection. This would seem to be especially the case at Burnt Creek. The correspondent of the Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser, in referring to this matter, says :—“ The population here is between four and five thousand, and amongst these is congregated a large number .of the worst characters in the colony-—acknowledged rogues and vagabonds, ticket-of-leave holders, and men well known to the police as being ac complished thieves, and yet in the face of all this, only three constables are stationed there. We hear of outrages being committed night after night, and the perpetrators of them getting off without detection, and no wonder at it, with such an insufficient police force. The men are good hard-working men, but what can three do' in such a scattered place as Burnt Creek ? I suppose that when the, population has dwindled away to a few hundreds, the authorities will then take the matter into consideration. A lock-up is also badly granted there. When a man is arrested, it generally, takes two out of the three policemen to bring him into Dunolly." The following despatch from her Majesty’s principal Secretary of State for the Colenies, re lative to the treatment of armed vessels of belli gerents resorting to neutral powers, is published m a Gazette-Extraordinary, issued on Monday:— “ Downing street, 16ch January, 1862.—Sir, —You are aware of the determination of her Majesty’s Government to maintain the strictest neutrality in the hostilities which are now being carried on between the United and Confederate States of North America. In order to cause that neutrality to be effectually respected throughout the Queen’d dominions, her Majesty has directed (in accor dance with a long-established European practice) that no ship of war, privateer, or other armed vessel belonging to either of the belligerents which shall anchor in any British port shall be allowed to quit her anchorage within; twent-four hours after any vessel belonging to the adverse belligerent, whether armed or unarmed, shall have left the same port. In order to give effect to her Majesty's orders, I am-to desire that, on the arrival of any such armed vessel in-any port of roadstead within your Government, you will notify this rule to her commander, aud will inform him that, in case he should infringe it, his Govern ment will be held responsible bv that of Great Britain for violating the neutrality of British waters. If any such violation should take place, you will not fail to report it at once to her Ma jesty’s Government, and to the British-Admiral bn the station. And if you have strong grounds for apprehending any such violation, you will similarly communicate with the British Admiral. —I have the honor to be be, Sir, your most obe dient, humble servant, Newcastle. Governor Sir H. Bafkly, &c.;" A meeting of the Exploration Committee- was' held onMonday afternoon, at the Hall of the Royal Society, Victoria street;' The meeting had been convened for the reading of certain communica tions received by the committee from the relatives ‘of Mr Burke in reply to letters addressed to.them by the committee, and also for the consideration of a despatch received from Mr Howitt. ’ Profes sor M‘ooy took the chair. The Secretary first read a letter from Major J. H. Burke, of the Brd Regiment (Buffs), brother to the late Mr O'Hara •Burke, It was dated Malta, thq 27th January, and contains the following passage -*‘l beg to express my sincere thanks to the committee for their considerate kindness, which has been a con solation to the family of rny late brother. His memory »nd honor seem, indeed, to he in safe hands, and justifies the confidence he had in them, The public feeling of the colony is a tribute of esteem which.' we all truly appreciate. To vour- Self, sir (Dr Macadam), I beg to say I shall always ternain most thankful. I have requested Mr Wynne, of Gisborne, to convey to you in person my thanks, and I have empowered him to act as my representative iu all matters referring to my late brother.” Major Burke has .addressed a.private letter to Dr Macadam, in this he says—“ Congratulate King for me on his escape, and say how much I admire his gallant conduct and kindness to ray late brother." Mr J. r Burke, an uncle of the deceased’s, writing from Tuara, on the 15th of January, says—“ Ills a consolation to his friends ti know that he lived lorig enough to solve the great problem, the object which hehadsoimuch atheart." Amotion was pro posed that these letters should be entered on the minute book, and was agreed to nem con. The secretary then submitted a letter from Mr Bently, of London, publisher, offering to purchase the copyright of the account of Burke’s travels for the sum of £IOOO, provided that they formed six hundred pages octavo, and were accompanied with maps- The secretary .also read a letter from Mr Howitt, as follows;—“ Sir, I have the honor to report that I leave here to- morrow morning for Poona, having obtained the' services of two natives, who informed me that they can obtain water each night. How much this can be relied oh has yet;to be proved. I have been across to Torowata ,to come at the assumed longitude of Mount Murchison, and the country there has a most unpromising appearance. Scarcely any rain has fallen,; and in one place where a night’s rain would have left an ample supply of water, I only fouiid a little mud. On the upper part of the creek the rain has been heavy ; on the lower the feed has scarcely sprung at all, I am happy to report all .well, with the exception that some of the party are suffering from weak eyes, in conse quence of the great heat and the continued glare. I, have not been able to make the progress I could have wished for, but at the pre sent season of the year, and with the great re sponsibility of such a mission, I have felt bound to use thej utmost caution in advancing, as any check which would compel me to turn back would be most unfavorable both for the men and camels. Since reaching the verj* dry part of the country, it is with the greatest difficulty the horses can be kept together—a continual source of de'.ay and anxiety. I-bury this, as Mr Myers most kindly offered to send out shortly for any despatches left here." The despatch is dated Youngman’s Water, six miles south of Macedon Range, Camp 7, lat. long. —, 4th February, 1862\. Mr Murchison's letter, inclosing the des patch, wasidated Mount Murchison, 3rd March. Mr Myers states in his communication that rain had fallen since Mr Howilt’s departure, and it appeared to have gone northwards. After the reading of this despatch the Committee ad journed. The Melbourne Cricket Club held a meeting at Marshall’s Hotel, Swanston street, on Mon day, to take steps for raising subscriptions to the All-England Eleven Testimonial. Mr Hamilton teok the chair—and about 20 members w.ere present. The proceedings were principally of a conversational character. Mr Hammill men tioned that) at a public meeting, Mr Goodman had suggested that the members of the club, instead of being admitted to the ground free, on the occasion of the ensuing international Match, should be called on to pay an admission-fee, and that the amount so raised be handed to the general committee, as the contribution from the Melbourne Club. Several members present considered this an objectionable method of raising funds, and Mr Judd moved that each member of the club be requested to subscribe 10s. Mr Ham mill suggested that circulars be sent to each, member, but Mr D. S. Campbell did not think they would raise sufficient in that way to pay tho expense of printing. Mr Wray considered [tbit three- fourths of the subscriptions to the testi monial would be from the Melbourne Club, and he moved that the money subscribed by the M.C.C. be presented to the English Eleven as coming solely from the M.C.C. This motion did not meet' with general approval, Mr D. S. Campbell thinking that the club would get sufficient credit in having the subscription list published. Mr Judd’s motion was withdrawn, in favor of one moved by Mr Lewis, and seconded by Mr Hammill, to the effect that a commitlee consisting of Messrs Hamilton, Bagot, Judd, Biddle, and White be appointed to collect sub scriptions from the members, to be banded over to the general testimonial fund as the contribution from the M.G C. for the exclusive benefit of the All-England Eleven. This motion was carried, Mr Wray's amendment being negatived. Some discussion 1 then ensued aa to whether the Eleven would ' receive all the money that wasj subscribed, or whether Messrs Spiers and Pond were entitled to receive a portion of it, many of the members declaring that if the Eleven were not to receive tne whole of the money they would not subscribe anything. Mr Hammill, to end the conversation, moved that the secretary bo requested to write to Messrs Spiers arid Pond, inquiring whether, in Ihi event of the club subscribing a money testimonial, the amount, would be handed over to the All-England Eleven intact. This'motion was agreed to, and Mr D. S. Campbell proposed that tho secretary to the former committee should adopt the same course. • A private letter received by Mr Reid, MIL.A., from a resident of the Jamieson gold field, gives some particulars of the attack made upon Mr Perkins, the storekeeper, of that district, whose name is mentioned in our Parliamentary report. From this communication, it appears that Mr Perkins was shot in the fleshy part of the ihigli as he was riding at a walking pace along the road. His | assailant fired from a scrub on the Side of the track, and the wounded gentleman in return' discharged two pistol shots at the would be assassin.’ Mr Perkins had a sum of £fi(H on his person at the time, and it Is probable that a knowledge of this circumstance was the induce ment to the commission of the outrage. The Grenville election terminated in tho election •of Mr Pope by a majority of 284 over Mr Casey, only ,92 electors recorded their votes lor Mr O’Meara, and ,in of the district he had-not a single SuppoHer. The local journals state that bpt very little interest was displayed in the election, the general opinion being that there was but little to choose between tho respective merits ot th? several candidates, J The following notice relative to the duration of j mourning for the late Prince Consort is published in the Government Gazette of Tuesday:.— *’ His Excellency the Governor hereby invites all persons who have sissurned mourning apparel in token of respect to the memory of the late Prince Cowsort,' and of their loyal sympathy with the Queen in her Majesty’s deep affliction, to con continuo (o wear the same for six weeks from the date of the receipt of the intelligence of his late Royal Highness’s decease, namely, until Thurs day, the 10th day of April next ensuing exclu sively.—By command, O. F. Timins, Private Secretary. Government Offices, Melbourne, 16th March, 1862.”; The two men who stuck up Mr Cadden's house, and committed various highway robberies in the Ararat and Avoca districts, are supposed, to be identical with the persons who murdered J. Hamp shire near Yandoit. Should this be the case, the re ward for the apprehension of these ruffians will amount to £2OO, and their speedy capture is much to be desired, since it is evident from their pro ceedings that no atrocity is too great for them to commit. , In the. New Court, on Tuesday, the only case tried was that of Hopkins v. Brophy, for damages for false imprisonment. The action was similar to one which was brought against the same de fendant by a man named Firth, and arose out of the same circumstances. Firth and Hopkins had been given into custody by Brophy on a charge oi stealing two of his calves; but as it was a case of disputed possession of property, the case was dismissed at the Police Court, and the two men brought their actions to recover damages from Mr Brophy, and Firth- was successful last week in obtaining a verdict for £25, and the jury on Tuesday gave a verdict for Mr Hopkins, with £IOO damages. A numerously attended public meeting was held at the Yictoiia Theatre, Burnt Creek, on Saturday, the 16th instant, for the purpose of tak ing into consideration the provisions of the pre sent Land Bill. Mr Ellison, M.M.8., occupied the chair, and the following resolution was unani mously agreed to :—“ That the present Land Bill contains many objectionable features. First, that a former Legislature passed resolutions declaring that the squatters’ tenure should cease in 1861, and the people considered it a guarantee against any future monopoly. The present Land Bill proposes to renew them in a more objection able form, by allowing the lessee remuneration for any improvements he may make. The passage of the present Land Bill is a swindle upon the country, and a repudiation of the acts if a former Legislature—repudiation having been denounced by Britons throughout the civilised world." The Masonic Banquet, which was given on Tuesday by the Masons of Victona to Brother Sir R. Q; Macdonnell, ex-Governor of South Australia, at the Exhibition Building, was, considering the hurried manner in which the arrangements were completed, an unequivocal success. Masons of every grade, from the valiant Knight Templar with his gorgeous decorative appendages, down to the recently initiated apprentice, assembled to do honor to a stranger, but that stranger a distin guished brother mason. Aoout seventy gentle men, all arrayed in full masonic regalia, sat down shortly after seven o’clock, to the good things pro vided by Brother Isaacs, oi the London Tavern, and all the arrangements for the banquet were carried out in a manner which reflects great credit on that gentleman’s abilities as a caterer. The chair was occupied by Brother R. M'Clurc, R. W. D. P. M. T. C.,. and the vice-chairs were respectively filled by Brother C. White. P.P.G.S.W., and Brpther E. Klingemier. During the evening Brother C. E. Horsley, post grand organist, enlivened the proceedings by several animated musical performances on the pianoforte. The most important principle involved inthe new Land Bill, the clause which confers an enlarge ment aiid fixity of tenure upon the squatters, was definitively settled, as for us the Assembly is concerned, on Wednesday,the extended period of occupation being limited by a majority of one vote, to ten years, Messrs Aspinali and HumlF ray voting with the Government in opposition to the amendment moved by Mr Service to reduce the period for which the lands should be given over to the pas toral tenants of the Crown for throe years. The scene which ensued upon the announcement of the result of the division, may bo fairly said to have baffled description. Most certainly nothing that occurred within the walls of Par liament in the stormiest days of the land agita tion, was at all comparable to it. For quite a couple of minutes the cheering and counter cheering was most vociferous, not mere conventional “ hear, hearing, ” . but vigor ous hurrahs, such as the throats of legisla tors, at least in their deliberative chambers, rarely indulge in. Mixed up with this tumult of voices were loud cries which the confusion rendered for the most part undislinguishable, but amongst them the exclamations “ Humffray and Aspinali” Service, and “ Disgraceful,” following in quick succession from Mr Ramsay, were clearly audible, with all the etfect of the latter having been designedly uttered in connection with the former. In this souse it was at once, and hotly taken up by Mr Humfiray, and also by Mr Brod ribb, who moved that the words be taken down. We may mention here that sometime previously, when J. T. Smith crossed to the Opposition side to record his vote with the Government in tho first division, there were some minor indications of disapproval and derision, but compared with what came afterwards, these were like suramoi; breezes as distinguished from Polar hurricanes. Mr Humfiray attempted to address tho committee to a point of order, arising out ef the exclama tions already mentioned, and then tho storm broke out in full force. So long as members regarded as holding strong opinions on either side were attempting to address the House, not a word was distinguishable in th'e reporter’s gallery for minutes together, the speakers having all tho ap pearance ot persons gesticulating in dumb show. In vain Mr Lalor essayed remonstrances, persuasions, and threats of reporting the conduct ofhou. mem bers to the Speaker. In vain he asked, in astounded incredulity, wbotherhon. members knew thathohad called them to order, and ruled thatthoy were oil out of order. For one whole hour the scene and sounds continued. Not even Mr O’Shauassy, though he strove hard to act the part of pacificatoi could throw fhq swdlqst drop of oil upon tho troubled •waters, Tho state of things progressed gradually from bad to worse* until at length Mr La ton felt compelled to carry his extremes! threat into effect, and quitting the chair reported the refractory con duct of the Unruly legislators to the Speaker, The latter high authority suggested by way of an amicable settlement that the motion of Mr Brod ribb, and the expression used by Mr Ramsay bo withdrawn. The House accordingly went again into committee, and Mr Brodribbhaving vdthdrawn his motion. Mr Ramsay made an. explanation, which was accepted. The following is the divi sion list, the result of which is, to hand over tho lands of the colony to the pastoral tenants of the Crown for a period often years. AYK3 3-1. Mr Aaplnall Mr Johnston Mr O’Connor Bonnou Jones O’Grai'y Brodribb,K E. Kirk O’Sbarmssy Brodribb, VV.A Lovoy Kcid Cathie M'CuUooh Kiddle Cobcn Maokuy A. J. Smith BulVy M'.Mnbon J. T. Smith Evans M'Cann Snodgrass Hcdlcy M‘ Donald Tucker Howard Mollison Wilson ■ Humffrcy Nicbolso Wood Ireland , NOES 33. Mr Berry Mr Gillies Mr Orkney Brooke Grant Owens Cummins Gray Ramsay Davies, B. G. Ilcnlcs Kiobanlnm Davies, J. Houston Service Denovau ; Kyte Sinola r Don Lambert Smith, W. C. Edwards L-vi Su'.ii.an Fontt Macadam Weekcs Francis M‘L?llan Woods .Fraaor Nixon Wright The hon. member for Dalhousie, Mr Snodgrass, on Wednesday gave a most emphatic denial to the statement which we copied from the Kyno ton Observer, charging him with having offered Mr Sands, the proprietor of that journal, a douceur of £5O on condition of his retiring from the con test for the representation of Dalhousie. Mr Snodgrass had the good sense to express his belief that we had done him a service in giving pub licity to the statement, but the Minister of Justice evinced equal folly by suggesting the propriety of a criminal prosecution against this journal. How very sore the Government must bo! — Age, March 20th. His Excellency the Governor attended at the Le gislative Council on Wednesday and gave theßoyal assent to three bills The Passenger Act Amend ment Bill, the Chinese Immigration Act Amend ment Bill, and the Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company Sale Bill. His Excellency was attended by M-gor- General Pratt, Colonel Carey, Captain Bancroft, and Lieut. Foster. Sir R. G. Macdonnell also visited the Legislative Council. There were but few spectators present to witness the formality. An address of condo lence to her Majesty upon the occasion of tho death of H.R.H. the Prince Consort was adopted by the Council, and is to be presented to his Ex cellency on Friday morning, for transmission to England. A rather curious case was tried in the New Court on Wednesday. A man named Marks by some means became possessed of a bill drawn by one Putwain, and accepted by Mr Morris Lee. ‘When the bill became due, Marks applied to Lee for payment. Lee wished to got the bill into his possession before he gave the money, but all Marks would let him have was a copy of the bill. Lee then refused payment, and on being sued offered the amount of the bill to the plaintiff’s solicitor, Mr Winfield Attenborough, but de clined to pay the costs incurred. Mr Atten borough refused to accede to this arrangement, and the action went cn. All the legal forms seem to have been exhausted in this cause. There was the plaintiff’s declaration, the defedandant’s plea, then the replication on the part of the plain tiff, a rejoinder from the defendant, and finally a sur-rejoinder from the plaintiff. As tho amount of the bill had been paid into Court, and the only question was as to who should pay the costs, the jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff, with nominal damages. Efforts are being made by the members of the Melbourne Cricket Club to induce Iddison of the All England Eleven to accept an engagement from the club and remain in the colony. Iddison is not averse to this course himself. In the first instance he would have to return to England, •ad would arrive here again at the commencement of next season. A special meeting of the members of the M. C. C. has bten called for Saturday afternoon, when the matter will be definitly set tled. Not many potato heaps we imagine will be found so prolific as the one alluded to in the following paragraph, which we take from the Ballaarat Tribune;—“A singular ‘plant’ was found at Burrumbeet on Saturday, in the garden of one of the residents in that locality. It ap pears a son of a person at one of the farms went into the garden to the potato heap, to get the weekly allowance. On opening it, he discovered some goods had been packed in the p ace of the late potatoes that had been taken out a few days prior, and which consisted of a case of pale brandy, one keg of Danish butter, and a York ham. There is not the slightest clue to the cause of the deposit, nor how it came there. It is sup posed the goods have been abstracted from some store at a distance, as no owner can be found to claim the articles.” A woman named Mary Bennett was onWednesday charged at the City Court with attempting to steal sundry articles of ewellery and a pair of boots from the Elephant and Castle, Little Bourke street east. The prisoner had, it appeared, entered the house on Tuesday afternoon by a private door, and made her way to one of the bedrooms*, where she placed a child which she had with her on the bed, and proceeded to collect what valuables she could lay her hands upon. The crying of the baby, however, alarmed the landlord of the house, who discovered the womf-n and gave her into cus tody., The prisoner, who is an old offender, and had on a lormer occasion attempted to murder her offspring at Back Creek, was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment. A Dauino Robbery, effected in an extraordi nary manner, took place in Bologna on the 13th December. Twenty-eight persons, dressed as Carbineers, presented themselves at the railway station, stating that they had orders to wait there on the look-out for robbers. Being admitted to the office they broke open the cash-box and car ried away a sum of 80,000f, ( 