THE NEWS OF THE DAY. The most important principle involved in the new Land Bill clause, which confers, an enlarge . ment and fixity of tenure upon the squatten, was definitively settled, as far as the Assembly is concerned, last evening, the extended period of occupation being limited by a majority of one vote, to ten years. Messrs Aspinall aud Humff ray voting with the Government in opposition to the amendment moved by Mr Serrice to reduce the period for which the lands should be given over to the pas toral tenants of the Crown for three years. The scene which ensued upon the announcement of the result of the division, may be fairly said to have baffled description. Most certainly nothing that occurred within the walls of Par liament in the stormiest days of the land agita tion, was at all comparable to it. For quite a couple of minutes the cheering and counter cheering was most vociferous, not mere conventional ' hear, hearing, ' but vigor ous hurrahs, such as the throats of legisla tors, at least in their deliberative chambers, rarely indulge in. Mixed up with this tumult of voices were loud cries which the confusion rendered for the most part undistinguishable, but amongst them the exclamations 'Humffray and Aspinall' by Mr Service, and 'Disgraceful,' following in quick succession from Air Ramsay, were clearly audible, with all the effect of the latter having been designedly uttered in. connection with the former . In this sense it was at once, and hotly taken up by Mr Humffray, and also by Mr Broad1'' ribb, who moved that the words be taken dow I. We may mention here that sometime previously, when J. T. Smith crossed to the Opposition side to record his vote with the Government in the first division, there were some minor indications of disapproval and derision, but compared with what came afterwards, these were like summer breezes as distinguished from Polar hurricanes. ' Mr Humffray attempted to address the committee ? to a point of order, arising out of the exclama tions already mentioned, and then the storm broke out in full force. So long as members regarded as holding strong opinions on either side were attempting to address the House, not a word was distinguishable in the reporter's gallery for minutes together, the speakers having all the ap pearance of persons gesticulating in dumb show. In vain Mr Lalor essayed remonstrances, persuasions, and threats of reporting the conduct of hon. mem bers to the Speaker. In rain he asked, in astounded incredulity, whether hon.members knew thathehad called them to order, and ruled that they were all out of order. For one whole hour the scene and sounds continued. Not even Mr O'Shanassy, though he Btrove hard to act the part of pacificatoi could throw the smallest drop of oiljupon the troubled waters. The state of things^progressed gradually from bad to worse, until at length Mr Laloh felt compelled to carry his extremeat threat into effact, j and quitting the chair reported the refractory con- j duct of the unruly legislators to the Speaker. The i latter high authority suggested by way of on amicable settlement that the motion of Mr Brod ribb, and the expression used by Mr Ramsay be withdrawn. The House accordingly went again into committee, and Mr Brodribb having vathdraw n his motion. Mr Ramsay made an explanation, which was accepted. The following is the divi sion list, the result of which is, to hand over the lands of the colony to the pastoral tenants of the Crown for a p eriod of ten years. AYES 3 4. Mr ABpinall Mr Johnston Mr O'Connor S,o, a? sP' S35?W Iflloeh ^ /'smith Cohen Mncliay j TSraiUi TSufFw M'Mahon J- ?'t s„ Evfng M'Cacn Sn.dffrws Hedley M«Donald » Howard Mollison Wilson Humlfrey Nioholna Wooa Ireland ? V NOES 33. Mr Berry Mr Gillica Mr Orkney Brooke Grunt Owens CummloB Gray It imnay Davies, B. 0. Healcs Richanleoi Davie*, J. Houston S=rvico Donovan Kytc Sinclft'r Don Lambert Smith, W. C. Edwards Lrvi Sulli'aa Foott Macadam Weekcs Traneis M 'Mian Wood* Frazcr . Nixon Wright The hon, member lot Dalhousie, Mr Snodgrass, yesterday evening gave a most emphatic denial to the statement which we copied from the Kyne ton Observer, charging him with having offered Mr Sands, the proprietor of that journal, a douceur of £-50 on condition of his retiring from the con test for the representation of Dalhousie. Mr Snodgrass had the good sense to express hia belief that we had done him a service in giving pub licity to the statement, but the Minister of Justice evinced equal folly by suggesting the propriety of a criminal prosecution against this journal. How very sore the Government must be ! His Excellency the Governor attended at the Legislative Council yesterday, and g&vs; the Royal assent to three bills : —The Passenger Act Amend ment Bill, the Chinese Immigration Act Amend ment Bill, and the Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company Sale Bill. His Excellency was attended by M«j or- General Pratt, Colonel Carey. Captain Bancroft, and Lieut. Foster. Sir R. G. Macdonnell also visited the Legislative Council. There were but few spectators present to witness the formality. An address of condo lence to her Majesty upon the occasion of the death of H.R.H. the Prince Consort vf as adopted by the Council, and is to be presented to his Ex cellency en. Friday morning, for transmission to England, The second reading of the Real Property Bill takes precedence of all other business in the Le gislative Assembly this evening. The action brought by the Melbourne Corpora tion against Mr Henry Langlands, one of the sureties of tho defaulting rate collector, Alfred Saunders, was brought to an abrupt termination in the New Court, yesterday. The declaration stated that the defendant was sued for ' divers sums' embezzled by Saunders. The la'ter indi vidual, however, refused to adhere to the state ments made in hia written confession to the City Council in June last, and professes total ignorance on the subject. In the absence of other evidence, Mr Fellows, who appeared lor the Corporation, after vainly endeavoring to get the case adjourned till next sittings, consented to a nonsuit. A rather curious case was tried in the New Court yesterday. A man named Marks, by some means became possessed of a bill drawn by one Putwain, and accepted by Mr Morris Lee. When the bill became due, Marks applied to Lee for payment. Lee wished to get the bill into his possession before he gave the money, but all Marks would let him have was a copy of the bill. Lee then refused payment, and on being sued offered the amount of the bill to the plaintiff's solicitor, Mr Winfield Attenborough, but de- clined to pay the costs incurred. Mr Atten- borough refused to accede to this arrangement, and the action went cn. All the legal forms seem to have been exhausted in this cause. There was the plaintiff's declaration, the defedandant's plea, then the replication on the part of the plain- tiff, a rejoinder from the defendant, and finally a surrejoinder from the plaintiff. As the amount of the bill had been paid into Court, and the only question was as to who would pay the costs, the jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff, with nominal damages. The Government have despatched Mr J . Murphy, C.E., and Government Mining Sur ' veyor, with a party of men to survey and mark the most eligible track from Melbourne to the new Jordan gold-fields, an account of which appeared in this journal on Mon day last. Mr Murphy will be accompanied by Mr Sullivan, the gentleman deputed by the residents on the diggings, to wait upon the Go vernment with reference to this subject. The Grand International Cricket Match, the All-England Eleven v. T wenty-two of Victoria, commences on the Melbourne ground to-day. The arrangements for the match are now complete, and it is anticipated that the game will be the i best and most exciting of the series. The Eleven arrived in town on Tuesday. They have recovered from any fatigue consequent upon their country tour, and will enter the field confident of winning the match. They are far from being pleased with their defeat at Castlemaine, and they attribute it entirely to the roughne3s of the ground, which effectually prevented any but random play. The Melbourne ground is in capital order, se that the relative merits of the two teams will be fairly tested . As we have before stated, the match is the last the Eleven will play in the colony, and it takes place for their benefit. In recognition of their conduct during their stay in the colonies, they have re ceived very general promises of support, and on their behalf the price of admission to the ground has ^boen fixed at two-and-sixpenee; Messrs Spiers andPond, however, have reduced the charge of admission to the Grand Stand to one shilling. E. Stephenson will act as umpire for the Eleven, and J. Smith for the Twenty-two. There have been some alterations in the composition of the latter team, which now consists of the follow ing players : — J. Bryant, S. CosBtick, B. Butterworth, G. Marshall, J. B. Thomp son, R. W. War dill, S. Conway, J. C. Brodie, Blanchard, Handfield, Hope, F. F. Hamil ton, F. Hopkineon, J. Huddlestone, E.Mortimer, T. Morres, C. Makinson, Drinkwater, and Guiness. RennieandBrooker do not play. Amos, Oddie, and H. Smith have not arrived in town, aud are uncertain, G. O'Mullane, V. Cameron, and G. Cosstick, are named as the reserve list. Two names new to Melbourne cricketers will be seen in the list — Drinkwater and Guiness. The former is a Castlemaine player of some repute, and in England played with the eleven of the Broughton Club. Guiness haB very recently arrived in the colony. He played during last season with the Eleven of All Ireland, under Laurence ; and in practice he shapea amazingly well. The Victorian captain has not yet been elected, but the choice is understood to lie be tween Makinson and Marshall. 'Wickets will be pitched each day at twelve o'clock. Efforts are being made by the members of the Melbourne Cricket Club to induce Iddison of the All England Eleven to accept an engagement from the club and remain in the colony. Iddison is not averse to this course himself. In the first instance he would have to return to England, and would arrive out again at the commencement of next season. A special merting of the members of the M. C. C. has been called for Saturday afternoon, when the matter will be definitly set tled. . Not many potato heaps we imagine will be found so prolific as the one alluded to in the following paragraph, which we take from the Ballaarat Tribune: — 'A singular 'plant' was i found at Burrumbeet on Saturday, in the garden of one of the residents in that locality. It ap pears a son of a person at one of the farms went into the garden to the potato heap, to get the weekly allowance. On opening it, he disoovered some goods had been packed in the place of the late potatoes that had been taken out a few days prior, and which consisted of a c»se of pale brandy, one keg of Danish butter, and a York . ham. There is not the slightest clue to the cause of the deposit, nor how it came there. It is sup i posed the goods have been abstracted from some i store at a distance, as no owner can be found to : claim the articles.' The National Life Boat Institution has received the following contributions from Melbourne, Aus tralia, by favour of James Ballingall, Esq. : — His Excellency Sir H. Barkly, £6 ; the hon. Thos. II. Power, M.L.C., £l ; Capt. C. J. Perry, £l : H. Bowden, Esq., £l ; Messrs James Henty and Co., £1 Is ; Win. Nicholson, Esq., £1 ; and J. H. Rose, Esq., £1. The Criminal Sessions of the Supremo Court for the month of March wert brought to a close yesterday afternoon, by the f.rial of four pri . soners, the discharge of three others, and the ad ! mission of one to bail. Of the first mentioned, John Hallett and Francis Cooper, were convicted of having rebbed Alexander M'Clellan of a large amount of money in bank notes and valuable securities, in Little Lonsdale street. Cooper was sentenced to Beven, and Hallett to six years' hard labor on the roads, the first twelve months in , each case to be spent in irons. James Russell and James Halliman, who had been acquitted on , the previous day on a charge of cattle stealing, werQ found not guilty on a similar indictment. Catherine Gorman, charged with murder, wa3 libe rated on her own recognisance for £100, with two sureties of £100 each, owing to tho absence of a j material witness for the Crown. Edward Hansen, ; accused of wounding with intent, was discharged ' from custody, the prosecutor, a man named King, having failed to appear for two consecutive ses I Bions. In the cases of Henry Jones and Edward | Johnson, two lads indicted for burglary, the Crown prosecutor declined to proceed with the : charge, and the accused were accordingly set at j liberty. | A meeting of the Home Mission Committee of the Presbyterian Church ofVictoria, was held yes terday in the vesti y of the Rev. J. Hetherington's Church, Collins street. The Rev. A. D. Kinnimont, convener, in the chair. After transacting various items of unimportant business, the Rsv. John S. Boyd was introduced to ^the committee with the view of being received into the ministry of the Union Church. An extract minute of Mr Boyd's license, by the United Presbyterian PreBbytery of Melrose, and signed by the Rev. A. Robertson, of Stow, clerk, was read in the committee. Letters were also read from the Revs. Dr. William Anderson, of Glasgow, and Dr. Frew, of St. Ninians, all eminent ministers of the United Presbyterian Church, warmly recommending Mr Bojd as a young man of good attainments and high moral character. Mr Boyd was then very cordially received by the committee. The Rev. Mr Ballantyne Btated that several vacant congre gations were anxious to hear Mr Boyd, end it was accordingly agreed to allocate him to the Presbytery of Melbourne. An adjourned meeting of the Horticultural Society of Victoria was held yesterday afternoon, at their office in Swanston street, H. Pettett, Esq., in the chair, when it was resolved that the last show of the season should be held on Saturday, the 29th instant, in the Botanical Gardens, and after appointing a sub- committee to carry out the necessary arrangements, the meeting broke up. We inspected yesterday two stained glass win dows recently made by Messrs Ferguson and Urie, of North Melbourne. Tifte windows them selves are handsome specimens of the manu factures' skill, and they are especially interesting as being the first made in the colony. Messrs Ferguson and Urie have mrny specimens on hand, illustrating still further the excellonce to which they have already brought the art. Amongst others may be mentioned an elaborate window in course of preparation for the Episcopalian Church at Ballaarat. ' Yesterday morning, an infant, four months old, named Michael Cleary, was found suffocated in bed at the house of its parents in Lonsdale street. Dr. Youl held an inquest on the body yesterday afternoon, when the mother of the deceesed stated that the child was very well when she went to bed on the pteviouo night, and that it slept with her. On waking in the morning she noticed that the deceased appeared insensible, although it was still breathing. She imme diately ran for a doctor, and when she returned the child was dead. The j ury returned a verdict that the deceased was accidentally suffocated. A cabman named James Parsons, an expolice man, was yesterday summoned at the District Court for causing an obstruction in Great Bourke street, near the Theatre Royal, on the night of the 12th inst. It was proved that, when told to move on by the constable on duty at the time, the defendant refused to do so, in language not very choice ; a crowd was gathered round the spot, and much annoyance was caused to parties returning from the Opera. The Bench inflicted a fine of 20 3, with one guinea costs. Three notorious pickpockets, named John Nolan, Edward Turner, and Edward Richardson, were yesterday brought before the City Police Court, charged with stealing a lady's purse in Elizabeth street, on Tuesday afternoon. Mr Daniel Forrester, a publican, at East Brighton, and son of the well-known detective of that name in London, was in town on busi ness on the day in question, and met the prisoners together two or three times. Having as it would appear, a sort of family instinct in thief-taking, he watched the prisoners arid bhw them make two unsuccessful attempts to . pick ladies' pockets. He took no notice, but proceeded on his business. Later in the day he was stand ing in Elizabeth street, near the corner of Great Bourke street, when he saw the three prisoners coming towards him. He watched them andBaw them pick the pocket of the [prosecutrix, a Mrs Saunders, residing at Hawthorn, while she wa? looking in the window of a bookseller's shop at the corner of Elizabeth and Bourke streets. He pursued the prisoners but they escaped. Infor mation was given to the police, and on the fol lowing day the three ' light fingered gentle men' were arrested bv Detective Craven, while practising their old game in Elizabeth street. The bench punished the prisoners according to the characters they respectively bore, and sen tenced Noon to twelve months, Kichardson Eix months, and Turner to eighteen months impri sonment, all to be kept ar hard labor. A woman, named Mary Bennett, was yesterday charged at the City Court with attempting to steal sundry articles of jewellery and a pair of boots from the Elephant and Castle, Little Bourke street east. The prisoner had, it appeared, entered the house on Tuesday afternoon by a private door, and made her way to one of the bedrooms', where she placed a child which she had with her on the I bed, and proceeded to collect what valuables she j could lay her hands upon. The crying of the j baby, however, alarmed the landlord of the house, who discovered the woman and gave her into cus tody. The prisoner, who is an old offender, and had on a former occasion attempted to murder her offspring at Back Creek, wa? sentenced to three months' imprisonments. The usual weekly meeting of the Fitzroy Mu nicipal Council was held yesterday evening. Pre sent — Crs. Brennand (Chairman), Cohen, Dalziel, Born, Falconer, and Bryant. The minutes of the previous meeting having been read and con confirmed, the Chairman moved the adoption of a resolution standing in his name, as follows : — ' That his Council record its protest aga'nst tha conduct of Councillor Bryant in refusing to comply with the resulution adopted at last meet- 1 ing of Council, by six out of seven members of that body corporate, by not retracting and apolo gising for the remarks made use oi by him at the the previous meeting of the Council.' Cr. Fal coner seconded the motion. He said he had been a member of the Council for a considerable time, and little thought that he should ever have to reply to such statement fs these lately made by j Cr. Bryant Hgainst the honor of the members of the old Council. Cr. Bryant had accused that body of misappropriating the municipal funds ; but these allegations he knew to be false, and he (Cr. Falconer) would appeal to the books of the Council in proof of what he said. Cr. Bryant rose up, and was about to address tho Council, when Cr. Cohen moved that the remarks of Cr. Bryant be notlistened to until he had retracted the words he had previously: made use of, imputing dis honor to the old Council. This proposition was carried. Cr. Cohen then spoke in support of the motion, commenting in strong terms on Cr.Bryant's conduct, and expressing his opinion that it was quite necessary that pen?! clausn should, be in serted to the act which rega'.ated their pro ceedings, in order to provide for Buch conduct. Cr. Dalziel supported the motion, and did so more especially because Cr. Bryant had attacked ex Councillors. Cr. Born also spoke in favor of the motion, which was put and carried ; Cr. Bryant giv'ig notice of his intention to protest against the proceeding. The Cha:rman then moved,— ' That inasmuch as this Council is of opinion Cr. Bryant is guilty of disorderly conduct, in per sistently refusing to withdraw an expression capab'e of be:ng applied offensively to other mem bers of this Council, and also declining to make a satisfactory apology, as required by clause 32 of Bye-law No. 1, for regulating, by means of rules and orders, the procedings of the Municipal Coun cil of Fitzroy, the members of this Council de cline to second or support any resolution or mo tion he may propose, until he conform with the conditions imposed in clause 32 of the said bye law.' After what had been said by Cr. Bryant, he should refre:n f.'om making any further remark, and intended in fu ture to treat that member »s a nullity. This resolution was seconded by Cr. Cohen, who challenged Cr. Bryant to prove any of the state ments he had made against the old Council, and said that all the Council could hope for was, that an act of Providence would shortly remove Cr. Bryant from the seat ho now held at that table. Crs. Dalziel and Falconer supported tho motion, the latter indignantly denying the statements made by Cr. Bryant at the Inst meeting — that the funds of the municipality had been mis appropriated. There was no doubt in hia mind thut such an individual who had disregarded the laws of his country during the whole of his life time had become hardened, and was unfit to sit at that Council table. In his opinion, such a per son should be confined in a ceH, he was bi'ilding one, and should be very glad to see these Coun cillors who did not know how to behave them selves in it. Cr. Bryant's assertion that the rate payers' money had been squandered was false and I he challenged any member to prove it otherwise. The Chairman then put the motion, which was carried. The standing orders were .then, on the motion of Cr. Cohen, suspended, and a motion standing in the name of the Chairman, to the effect ' That certain alterations should be made in the Bye-laws, providing that penalties may be in flicted on any member refusing to comply with the ruling of the Chairman,' wa3 ordered to be postponed till Friday evening, when a special meet- j ing of the Council tv 111 be calledforits consideration. Cr. Born then moved that the Council agree from and after this date to pay one-half of the cost of flagging laid down on any df the public foot paths, provided it be done in accordance with conditions and specifications approved of by the Public Works Committee ' Cr. Dalseil seconded the proposition, upon which Cr. Bryant rose from hia seat and commenced speaking against the object of the motion. The chairman having several times informed Cr. Bryant that he was out of order, and Cr. Bryant having distinctly refused to submit to the ruling of the chair, general confusion ensued, in the midst of which the remaining business on the paper was postponed, and the mesting adjourned to Friday evening. The Council Chamber was unusually crowded by persons who had evidently anticipated a scene, and in the course of the proceedings one individual was forcibly ejected by the police, for creating a diBtvrbance by attempting to take part in the discussion. The entries for the Tutf Club Autumn Races were made last night at the Albion Hotel. Few persons were in attendance, and the business did not appear to excite much interest. The stands on the race course will be ao'd by auction at Henderson's on Monday next. We give a list of entries in another column. An adjourned meeting of the Presbytery of Melbourne, was held yesterday, in the Seots' Church, Collins street, the Rev. A. D. Kinninmont, Moderator, pro tem. There were present the Revs. Dr. Cairns, J. Caldwell, G. Adam, H. Darling, J. Clark, P. Mercer, C. Moir, J. Ballantyne, F. Smith, &c.; The Presbytery was constitued in the usual way, and the minutes of former meet ing were read and confirmed. Mr Mercer re ported, as convener of the committee on the call from the congregation of Essendon and Keilor, that the committee had met with said congrega- tion, and that it had been unanimously agreed to request the Presbytery to be allowed to with draw the sail which had been issued in favor «f the Rev. D. M'Murtrie. The Presbytery con ceded the request, and the call was declared to be . withdrawn accordingly. A call wa3 laid upon the : teble from the congregation of South \ arra, and ? addressed to the Rev. George Mackie, of 1 Horsham, and which was signed by 161 members and adherents. In the ab sence of the Rev. D. Macdonald, who moderated in the call, F. Smith, Esq., re presentative elder of the congregation, narrated the steps which had been taken in connection with the moderation of the call. The Presbytery agreed to sustain the call, and to transmit it to the Presbytery of Ballaarat, to be dealt with according to the forms of the church. The Rev. | Dr Cairns called the attention of the Presbytery to a bill now before the J/egislative Assembly, intituled, ' A Bill to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Licensing of Public-houses, and to regulate the Sale of Fermented and Spirituous Liquors in the colony of Victoria,' and which proposes to allow spirituous and fer mented liquors to be sold at the bar of public houses on ordinary days, between the hours of I o'clock in the morning and 12 o'clock at night ; and on the Sabbath day, from 1 o'clock p.m. till 3 p.m., and from 5 o'clock p.pj till 10 o'clock p.m. ; and thereafter moved that the Presbytery should petition the Legisla tive Assembly against the passing of the bill. The Rev. Dr. Ceirns further proposed that all the congregations within the jurisdiction of the Pres bytery should be requested to petition in like man ner against the provisions of the bill. The motion was unanimously agreed to, and a committee, com posed of the Rev. Dr. Cairns, J. Caldwell, P. Mercer, J, Ballantyne, and A. D. Kinninmont, was appointed to watch the progress of the measure. The Rev. A. D. Kinninmont. as con vener of the Home Mission Committee, introduced the Rev. John Shaw Buyd — a preacher of the United Presbyterian Church of Scotland, who arrived in this colony, per Marco Polo, to the Presbytery, from whom he recived a cordial wel come. The PreBbytery adjourned till tho first Wednesday in April. 