I DECEMBER. I The Rev. Mr. Watt convioted of perjury, and sen- tenced to five years' hard labour on the roads. St. Andrew's Day partially kept os a public holiday. Mr. T. Holt, M. LA., gives a picnic in honour of the Volunteers, at his grounds-"The Warren" Newtown. About 800 persons were present. The schooner Rebecca seized by the Custom-house authorities, under the Chinese Immigration Act. She was afterwards restored to her owners by order of the Government. A new Wesleyan church opened at Kiama for divine service. The inauguration and consecration of the Queen's Lodge (Masonic), Penrith, takes place. A fire takes place at the Cadiangullong Smelting Works, which results in their almost total destruc- tion. A collision takes place between the steamers Hunter and Kembla, when off the Three Sisters, about twenty-four miles south of Port Jackson Heads. One of the crew lost his life by falling overboard, and two other men were seriously injured. The residents of the Clarence River district deter- mine to raise a fund for the benefit of the children, ot the late Dr. Little, to be invested in the Australia!.; Mutual Provident Society. Mr. J. H. Wilton, the well-known theatrical agent, dies suddenly. A new church at Rouse Hill, near the main road to Windsor, opened for divine service by'the Dean of Sydney. "The congregation of St. Andrew's Scots church, Bathurst-street, present a purse of sovereigns and a silver tea service to the Rev. J. and Mrs. Dougall. A novel social tea meeting takes place at the Ma- riners' Church, under the management and direction of a committee of ladies. Upwards of 400 tickets are distributed to the seafaring men in the port. Every religious denomination, also, the shipping interest, were ably and respectably represented. The clergy and laity of the Catholic Church present a full-length portrait to Archbishop Folding. The painting represents that prelate in the civil costume of an archbishop. ? A handsome service of plate is presented to the Very Rev. Dean Lynch, V.F., by the residents of the Maitland district. The Act for the Abolition of State-aid to Religion sent home for her Majesty's approval and assent. A report reaches Sydney of the wreck of the Earl of Hardwick, brig, on the Pocklington Reef. The steamer Claud Hamilton has two narrow escapes, first by striking against a rook in Port Jack- son, ind considerably damaging her starboard bow plates ; secondly, being accidentally set.on fire. Signor Agostino Robbio, pupil of the renowned Paganini, gives his first concert at thc Sydney Exchange. The prorogation of Parliament takes place on the 19th, after having sat 182 days. The Newtown Company of Volunteer Rides en. tertain Mr. Thomas Holt, M.IJjjA, to a dinner at the Volunteer Club. Colonel Hamilton orders the discontinuance of the performance of the band of XII.th Regiment in the Botanic Gardens. A large meeting held in Sydney of the subscribers to the Lancashire Relief Fund. Considerable excite- ment prevails relative to the appropriation of the funds by the agents in England, Resolutions con- demnatory of the education Boheme adopted by the agenti were carried by large majorities, A princely donatien.of «1200 given by Mr. E. W. . ' Cameron to pay off the debt of St. Mary's Episeopai Church at Balmain. Two lives lost by tbe sudden rise of a river at Braidwood, supposed to be the rtsult of a waterspout. Dr. W. Houston, lor many years a medical prac- titioner in Sydney, dies suddenly, in the forty-fifth year cf his age. The deceased gentleman waB Assistant-surgeon of the Sydney Battalion of Volun- teer Rifles. The Botany Temperance Hall and Gardens opened. The fiiHt stone of the Grafton Hospital laid by the H»n. Charles Kemp, M.L.C. ? A prospectus issued of a new coal company, called the Melbourne and Newcastle Minmi Colliery Company. WHAT A VOLCANO CAN no.-Cotopaxi, in 1738, threw its fiery rockets 3000 feet above its crater ; while, in 1744, tho blazing mass, struggling for an, outlet, roared so that its awful voice was heard a dis- tance of more than six hundred miles. In 1797,.the crater of Tunguragua, one of the great peaks pf the ; Andes, flung out torrents of mud, which dammed up - rivers, opened new lakes, and, in valleys of 1000 feet wide, made deposits of 600 feet deep. The stream from Vesuvius, which in 1737 passed through Terre : del Greco, contained 33,680,000 cubic feet of solid matter ; and in 1794, when Terre del Greco was des- troyed a second time, the mass of lava amounted to 45,000,000 cubic feet. In 1679 Etna poured forth a Hood which covered 84 square miles of surface, and measured nearly 100,000,000 cubic feet. On this occa- sion the sand and scoria! formed the Monte Rosi near Nicholosa, a cone two miles in circumference, end 4000 feet high. The Btream thrown ont by : Etna, in 1810, WBB in motion, at the rate of a yard a day, for nine months after the eruption ; and His on, record that the lava of the same mountain, after a terrible eruption, were not thoroughly cool and con- solidated ttn years after the event. Ia the eruption of Vesuvius A.D. 79, the Bcorio and ashes vomited forth far exceeded the entire bulk oí the mountain ; while, in 1660, Etna disgorged more than twenty times its own mass. Vesuvius has sent its ashes as far as Constantinople, Syria, and Egypt : it hurledstonos, eight pounds in weight, to Pompeii, a distance of six , miles, while similar masses were tossed up 2000. feet above its summit. Cotopaxi has projected a block of 109 cubic yards in volume a distance of nine miles ; and Sumbawa, in 1815, during the most terrible erup- tion on record, sent its ashes as far as J ava, a distance of 300 miles of surface, and, out of a population of 12,000 souls, only twenty escaped.-" Recreative Science." BANKING IN LONDON.-Joseph, when he gathered all the money in Egypt to the house of his master . Pharaoh, is said to have afforded the first recorded instance of banking; but it is better established that the world is indebted to his people for letters of credit and bills of exchange, which constitute the I chief features of modem banking. The ordonnance of Philip Augustus (1182) expelled the Jews from France, confiscated their real property, and authorized, the . I Bale of their goods. From Lombardy, where the ? Jews had taken refuge, they issued letters to friends in France, to whom they had entrusted their property when they fled from prosecution, and these letters they nave to merchants and others about to travel in France, receiving deposits in return. Venice soon became the home of the Lombardy Jews, and the great centre of European banking. The ¿rsl bank was eBtablished there in the twelfth century, the same epoch that witnessed their persecution here and in' France, under the title of Chamber of Loan, which lasted until the Venetian Republic was overthrown by the French Republic, in 1797. The example of a public bank was not copied elsewhere for a long time -not in Holland till 1609, and not in London till 1694\. But private bankers, mostly Jews and Lom- bards, or money-changers, existed here for ages, and . i their placea of business were in Lombard-street. After them came the goldsmiths, who carried on banking. " The Mystery of the New-Fashioned i Goldsmiths, or Bankers Discovered," printed in 1675, attributes modern banking to the puDlio distrust [ generated in the reign of Charles I., when merchants and traders, who, until then, had entrusted money to the keeping of their servants and apprentices, found it no longer safe to do BO ; and that it was not safe for them to place it in the Tower, on account of the dis- tress and need of the King. The first regular London banker was Sir Francis Child, who kept a goldsmith's shop (1663) near Temple Bar, and whose descendant and representative, the Right Hon. Sarah Sophia Child, Countess of Jersey, is the head of the banking finn of Messrs. Child and Co. Messrs. Snow and Deane-whose representative, Sir John Dean Paul,, carried on the business, nearly in the same locality, till some years back-were the next in regular order, 1685 ; although Messrs. Martin and Co. claim to he the representatiyes of Sir Thomas Gresham, and Hoares claim to date from 1680.-" Kelly's Post Office Guide to London." AMERICAN HELPS.-About fourteen families in Lu-V casville kept "hired girls," and all the miseries off " servantgalism " arc seen in full perfection. These ' girls are all Irish, and receive at least £2 per month, 'i hey claim every evening as their perquisite, and shortly before sunset ore to be seen walking out in low dresses and short sleeves, with flowers in their hair, and carrying many- tinted parasols. They and. their employers, of course, are on terms of perfect equality. They are very bold in their requests. One evening a "hired girl" came to me, saying, " Stranger, I guess you'd better lend me your lace scarf-1 want it to go to a frolic." It seems she had seen mc wearing this three days before. I lent it, of course, but barely received thanks in return. These " hired girls " arc actual despots-they never come down-stairs in the morning till the "Boss," as they term the master, has lighted tho fire and placed a pail of water and a pile of fire logs in the kitchen. The " Boss " next door was a " rising man," owning a foundry for the making of reaping-machines, and yet he was a " servant of servants." I heard his tyrants, apostrophising him thus : " Boss, Boss, why haven't you brought the wood ? I have been calling you this hour. I'm not going to be made a nigger of, and fetch, my own firing,"-" Leisure Hour." A GORILLA TALE OP BORNEO.-Some years ago, one of their young men waa wandering in the jungle, armed with a sumpitan or blowpipe, and a sword. He came to thc banks of a pebbly stream, and being a hot day, he thought he would have a bathe. He placed .hi» arms and clothes at the foot of a tree, and then went into the water. After a time, being sufficiently refreshed, he was returning to dress, when he perceived an enormous female ourang-outahg standing between him and the tree. She advanced towards him, as he stood paralysed by surprise, and, seizing Hm by the arm, compelled him to follow her to a branching tree and climb up it. When he reached her resting-place, consisting of boughs and branches woven into a comfortable nest, she made him enter. There he remained some months, jealously' watched by his strange companion, fed by her on fruits and the cabbage of the palm, and" rarelv per- mitted to touch tire earth with his feet, but compelled to move from tree to tree. This life continued some time, till the female ourang-outang becoming less watchful, permitted the Murat more liberty. He availed himself of it to slip down the tree and run' to the place where he had formerly left his weapons.. She, seeing Ms attempted escape, followed, only to be pierced, ns she approached him, by a poisoned arrow. I was told if I would ascend the Padas River as far as tho mon's village, I might hear tho story from his own lips, as he was still alive.-" Spencer St. John." TUE DANES.-People breakfast at nine, dine at three, and sup at ten, on returning from thc tho theatre OE tile public gardens. Soup follows the fish, and smoked, salmon is served up with meat. Tea is taken to break- fast-milk at supper. The theatre opens at five and closes at nine. The hours for (limier and theatre, al- beit denounced by M. de Flaux as a century behind- hand, are in reality best adapted for the preservation of health and longevity. The celebrated equestrian Rente, who, with his company, is at Vienna in winter» spends the summer in the north, andmore especially in Copenhagen, whose inhabitants are especially partial to horsemanship. Then Court attend these circuses with the simplicity of citizens. Thc loyalty and probity of tho Danes is proverbial. Even M. de Flaux, a Romanist, says, " It is marvellous to see in how short a time Protestantism has subdued and moralised them."' The coasts of Zeeland and the whole archipelago were of yore the repairs of bandits. The hardy natives despised agriculture, and devoted themselves wholly to fishing and piracy. Every man was a wrecker, even the bishop at their head. There is now neither burglar, highwayman, nor wrecker in the land. If there is a thief, ten to one he is an alica. Everywhere marshes and forests are giving way to fat pastures and magnificent crops. The people have como down from the hills, whence they used to watch the storm tossed ships as their proximate prey, and have gathered together in villages and in towns. The com- fort and cleanliness of a Danish cottage can only find its rival in England. The people have also become as calm and ns pacific as once they were turbulent and . bellicose. In their public gardens, their markets, or even their taverns, such a thing as a quarrel or row; ¡is almost unheard of,-" Colburn'o New Monthly Maga- zine," 