(I FOR SALE-CO EAP. A SPLENua IIARMONIUM (16 stops) suitable for n church or chapol. Also, 2 first-class pianofortes, by Collard & Collard. Apply to T. SUAIW, Professor of Music, Camnron.-treet. 2 TO ENGLISH OR SCOTCH IMMI. GRANTS. . Wr7ANTED a marriedaehepherd, of colonial 1 experience, for " M'Rae's Hills."! Tes- J timonials required. Apply to J. D. Tooesv, n Oressy, near Longford. Sept. 10. (0 ENDERS will be received at the stores 1 of E. and M. Bacon, Ross, or at tho resi dence of John Bacon, Oatlands, until est October next, for the erection of n shop and stores in the township of Ross. Masons' and carpenters' work to be let either in one or two.separate tenders.. Plans and specifications may be seen at either of the above places. The proprietor does not bind himself to accept the lowest or any tender. Joic BACON. September 9. (w ANTED-A housemaid, who can wait at table. Apply to Mlns. InoosE, Westwood House, near Carrick. Sept. 9. (x TO ANTIQUARIANS. OR SALE-A complete edition of Bailey's Dictionary, published A. D. E 1755, comprehending the derivations of the ti generality of words in thu English tongue, either ancient or modern, from the ancient British, Saxon, Danish, Norman, and modern French, Teutonic, Dutch, Spanish, Italian, as also from the Latin, Greek, - and g Hebrew ;languages, each in its proper cha raoters. " Price Six Guineas. Address, ALPHA, Mangan. (x SOUTH ESK BRIDGE. WANTED 00,000 to 80,000 bricks. Tenders are hereby invited for bricks per thousand, to be delivered at the Cataract Ferry, on the Launceston side. . Samples and tenders to be left at the office *of E. D. Latoucho, Brisbane-street, up to 12 o'clock at noon of Thursday, 17th instant. The name of each party is to be written on his sample. W. WaILa.Mas, Chairman of Trustees. Sept.* 11. (a ( YOUNG PLANET, FOR SALE OR HIRE, ; TERMS LIBERAL. HIS magnificent pure bred cart stallion, six years old on the 16th October, 1802, las carried ofi the first class prizes given -by. the Midland and Northern Agricultural So cieties, from a yearling upwards, especially for colonial breeding. He is very powerful, staunic, and quiet in harness; has proved blinsselfa euofoal gutter, and would be an acquisition ma'ny district requiring a change of bloed. If 'not sold in fifteen days responsible par ties would be liberally treated with, as to hiring' him ddring the coming season, for rIhich he is in splendid order. c ROserT CRAWFORD. w't Syndal, near Ross, Sept. 0. (w O LET-Thu house in Upper 'Charles street, belonging to Capt. A. Wales, how in the occupation of Mr. Alfred Johnson. Apply to E. L. DIrrCsA. Steam Saw Mill,oSept. 11. (a LAUNCESTON CRICKET CLUB. GENERAL MEETING of the above Club will be held at the "Criterion Hotel," on Saturday evening, September 13, at 7 o'clock, when all members are requested to attend. R. SHARPE, a) Hon. Sec. CHUDLEIGH ROAD DISTRICT. E the undersigned landholders of the W above road district do hereby convene a mneting of landholders in the said road dis trict, to be held at Chaudleigh Inn, Chudleigh, on Thursday, the 2nd day of October, 1802, at 12 o'clock noon, for the purpose of considering the advisability of petitioning the Governor to proclaim certain roads to be cross roads. J. P. Groom J. Lovejoy Ilenry Rockliffo Wm. Walker '. 13. Roberts D. Picket "Robert Symmons R. Hall Robert Gibson H. Ashdown Joseph Clayton. Dated the 4th day of September, 1802. NOTICE TO PASSENGERS.] IN consequence of the inclemency of the weather the fine three. masted schooner ALMA, John A. Blacklock, commander, has been detained, but will sail for Brisbano Queensland, on Friday afternoon, at 2 o'clock. .Has still a few berths disengaged. For passage, apply to WI.LLAM JousiroNx, Agent. St. John-street, Sept. 10. (a THE BEST REMEDY FOR INDIGES. TION. NORTON'S CHAMOMILE PILLS . ARE confidently recommended as a simple Hi.bnt certain remedy for indigeation. They .ass as a poeariul taste said geetln aparienti are solid Bold is bottion at Is. lAd., 25. ad., end i t,. each, ty Cheatisli, Draggisis, and Sterebeepurm, is alt pare. af the world. *'Orders Is be made payable by Leaden hoatie. AUCTION SALES. THIS DA.Y. Tanners' and Oarriers' Materials and Tools, 1 Jsrrqe, 'imber, ream and Scales, hcrk f Ohoppers, lyo., 5o 1V1 R, HOWE is instructed by Mr. F. Button to sell by auction, on the pro mises, in Wellington-street, known as " Smith's Tannery," on THURSDAY next, 11th instant, at 11 o'clock, Seasoned timber and lumber, black smith's forge and tools complete, wool press, leather press and screw, large beam and scales, powerful lifting screw, corriers' tables and tools of every kind, parchment frames, bark and ebaffcutters, largo coppers, wheel barrows, window sashes, casks, tubs, brass roller and bed; iron oven, side. saddle sRd bridle, largo slate slab, shij>'s blocks, ropes, ladders, &c.;, &c.; Terms cash. (n Bell & Westbrook Preliminary- otice. Estate of Lewis Ilill. BELL & WESTBROOK re mfavored with instructions from F. W. Steiglitz, Esq., to sell by auction, on an early day, at their mnart, The estate of Lewis Hill, containing 4054 nores, a largo extent of good land ad. joining. Particulars, date, and terms will be shortly 1 given. (x Household Furniture. .1'iday stext, 12th instant. On the Swamp. DELL & WESTBROOK are insti-uotod L by Mr. Stott to sell by auction, at his residence, on the Swamp, on FRIDAY next, at 12 o'clock, The household furniture, consisting of tables, chairs, cupboard, bedsteads, bedding, looking glasses, fenders, sofa, crockery, toilet table and services, kit chen utensils, &o.;, &c.; Terms cash. (x 1household Furniture, Piano, fc. .Monday, 151h instant. B ELL & WESTBROOK have received instructions from Mrs. Tromlett, who is r leaving Launceston, to sell by auction, at her residence, Bennell's Buildings, St. John street, on above date, at 12"o'clock, The following quantity of household fur e niture, viz.:-Sideboard, dining table, sofa, chairs, rocking ditto, window curtains, grate, fender and fire irons, new dinner set, white and gold china breakfast set, kerosine lamps, carpets, rugs, hall table, stair carpeting, French bedsteads, - iron ditto and stretchers, toilet tables, looking glasses, washstands and services, towel horses, chests drawers, clothes press, carpets, foot and sponge baths, kitchen table, meat safe, Dutch oven, clothes horses, crockery utensils, &c.;, &e.; Also a Handsome walnut wood piano Canterbury Leather covered conch Easy chair Six choirs to match Loo table Chess and side table Polished cedar poles and curtains Hearthrug, grate. The above are for positive unreserved sale. T Termsccash. (a e Deloraine,,r'ednesday, 17th instant. e TELL & WESTBROOK are instructed BJ by Mr. Samuel Henry, to sell by nuc. tLion, at Thomas' yards, Deloraine, on WED NESDAY, 17th instant, at one o'clock, i1 cart horse, Farmer, 5 years old 1 ditto, Captain, 5 ditto I ditto, Sharper, aged 1 cart colt, Nelson, by Mr. Cabitt's Nelson 1 ditto filly, Charlotte, by Mr. Cubitt's Nelson I gig mase, Fidget, good in saddle, 4 years old \- 1 ditto, Diamond, aged 1 lady's mare, Zor, aged 1 gig mare, Jenny, 0 years old y 1 colt, 3 years, by Sir Walter n 1 filly, 2 years, by ditto 1 colt, 2 years, by Nelson _ 2 esfowera heavy in calf, bred by Mr. Blair, Bentley 1 steer 1 iron chalf- cutter,lhand power 1 ditto, by Richmond and Chandler, horse or steam power a 1 4-horse waggon 1 dray 1 water truck 1 gig and harness Waggon harness 1 pair harrows 2 Avery's weighing machines. le Terms at sale. y Gentlemen in this district having any ad Id ditionni stock foe disposal, ore requested to communicate witht the auctioneers. (sy .Fat .Zttlocka ot .Deloraiiie. tDELL & WESTBROOK nra instructed to. Docll y ausetiou, at Polorsino, en WED. NESDAY, 17th instant, at one o'clock, 2 very large mangold fed bullocks. Terms cash. (w Stock at Pertly. BELL & WESTIBROOK will sell by aue tion, at Russell's yards, Perth, in a few days, notice of which will be given, About 1000 fat and store sheep Pat cattle and other stock. (e Stock of 1.esostead. BELL & WESTBROOK are instructed to sell by auction, nt Turner's 1 adsis, Newatcad, on THURSDAY, :18th instent, at a 1 o'clock, 300 sheep 40 wethers in goodecondition 3 fat steers 1 cart horse, 5 years, warranted sound and good in any work 2 lheifers;just calved Several cows and heifers, springing 1 first rate cow, in full milk. t 1 cart horse, 6 years, good in all work, sold under distraint for rent 1 Tinoer pony Several saddle and harness horses A few articles of saddlery 1 fat calf. Terms at sale. (a Lease and Goodwill of the Bush Inn, )3ishopabourne. Mlonday, 22nd inst. BELL" & WESTBROOK havel received instrections from Mr. Thomns Lawson to sell by auction, at their mart, on MON DAY, 22nd instant, at one o'clock, The lease and goodwill of that will known and old established house, the Bush Inn, Bishopsbourne, at present occupied by Mr. Lawson. The old lease has some 12 months to run, and is at prsent at a rental of £200 per annum, but to a respectable tenant the proprietor, Mr. Webb, will grant an extension of the lease for tivo years, and reduce the rental to £150,a year. It is needless for the auctioneers to remark upon the character of this inn, as it is uni yersally known to ho perhaps the best money making house in the colony. It is commodiously and most substantially, built, has an excellent garden with paddock attaohed; also stables, skittle alloy, coach house, laundry and washbouse, spirit store, out-houses, sheds, &c.; The only reason Mr. Lawson lhas for leaving it is that his farming pursuits prevent him giving that attention to the business that it so justly deserves. The furniture, utensils, &c.;, will ho sold separately within a day or two of the sale, particulars of which will be advertised in due time. Terms One-third cash; balance at three, four, and six months credit on approved bills. (x Longford Sale. Tuesday, 23rd inslaat. B ELL AND WESTBROOK will sell by J auction, at Ilyroes' yards, Longford, on the above date, 60 three and four-year-old heifers Fatecattle Fat sheep Fine woolled rams And other stock, particulars of which will hbe shortly given. (n Stock at Longford. B ELL & WESTBROOK are instructed to sell guy auction, at Hyrons' yards, Langford, on TUESDAY, 23rd instant, at 1 o'clock, 80 3 and 4 year old heifers 10 fat steers 8 ditto ditto 100 fat wethers 10 fine woolled rams; Terms at sale. (a Cohen Brothers. Important Preliminary Notice. To .Mferchants, Grocers, Dealers, Store keepers, and others. [ OHEN BROTHERS have received in=' structiosa from Messrs.:Du Croze to sell 0 by auction, at their stores, COmrles street, on an early day (duo notice of which will be given), A large and varied assortment of Tens, sugars Groceries, oilmen's stores Wines asid spirits Bottled and draught beers &te.;, Ace., Ace. The above are to be sold to close several shipments. Duo notice of day of sIal and other particulars will appear in a future ad vertisement. (a A Desirable Investment. l'aluable Freehold Properties. C OHEN BROTHERS have received in tructions from Mr. J. Hargravos to sell by public auction (without reserve), on lthe premises, on MONDAY, the 15th inst., at 12 o'clock precisely, Two weatherboardedl cottages, with a tronsage ons Perey.otreet of 30 feet, Aaol slepils of 73 feet nchd. A brick shoup, wish, a fsonstoge oad Wol hinsutost.road of 27 tees, sad a depilh of 117 feet, willsh itwo.roemed cottage In the rear. - A shop sin Wellington-road occupied hy Mr. Smallwood, having a frontage of 16 feet and a depth of 100 feet,: with a right-of-way to Percy-street 10 feet wide. Two allotments in Percy-street, each having a frontage of 30 feet by a depth 72 fect. Terms Twenty-five per cent. cash on the fall of the hammer; 25 per cent, on completion of the title; the residune by approved acceptances at three and six months from day of sale. ' Title guaranteed. The above properties are positively to be sold, and are well worthy the attention of tradesmen and others desirous of possessing a freehold of their own. (a Remaininc Portion of Stock. In the Tetate of Jamne Peters. COHEN BROTHERS have received instructions from the Assignees in the estate of James Peters to sell by anelion, at the stores, St. John-street, on TUESDAY, the 23rd inst., at 12 o'clock, 1 qr.-cask port wine 1 hhd. sherry ditto I ditto porter 5 cases cordials 2 ditto claret 3 cases bottled wino 2 cases bottling wax 3 chests H S.tea 4 boxce congou " Gazehound" 20 cases Cowards' herrings 11 bags fine salt 28 ditto coarse ditto 2ýcases ground ginger 1 case mustard 1 cask washing soda 1 case corks 324 empty wine cases 0 ditto hogsheads Lot timber 2 wheat screens 1 patent weighing machine Lot rope hawsers Lot second hand and now corn sacks 10 pictures 1 set scales 2 wheat trucks Bottle baskets, copper measures Pump and funnels Seives, skids And a quantity of sundries. 'forms at sale. (x H Howe. Saturday' BSales. SALE by auetion of' horse', pigshosse hold furniture, groceries, imrapery, clothing, boots,. shoes, arid sundries,. is held at the Victoria Yards and Kiart every Satur day, commencing at 11 o'clock. , (a Allotments at Glen BDiu. '2tb Capitalists, Woring Men;, and Othier. Preliinary 2Nolice: SH. HOWE is instructed to sell by a publibe aubtion, ait the inert, COlarles a street, as soon slthe surveys-are completed, Several very eligiblo allotmnonts of lond, of various measuremment, opposite the residence ot.fW. Gunn, Esq., Glen Dh»i, and which will be .disposed of to moet the times, the proprietor being 1 determined to sell. From the very" desirable site, the auctioneer would recommend parties intending-to build, either for; residence or investment, to avail I themselves of this opportunity. : , (x WESTBURY ROAD DISTRICT. NOTICE. THE Collector has been instructed to take .Lproceedings, without further,, notice, against all persons whose rates shell, not be paid on or before the 18th instant. By order of the Trustees, SRicuAno DBer, Chairman. SSeptember,4. ;. (n APPOINTMENT TO HEAR APPLICA. , TION FOR LETTERS PATENT. .Patent for an Invention for lsiprovements in the ltanufacture of hydraulic and other Cements. 11 HIS is to notify that James Robertson, n I of Melbourne in Victoria, did, on the o' 12th day of Auguist Iast, deposit at the office of the Colonial Secretary, at Hobart Town, a specification or instrument in writing under his hand and seal, particularly describing and aseortaining the nature of the said invention, and in what manner the same is to be per formed; acd. that by. reason of such deposit thIe said invention is protected and securedto him exclusively for the term of six months d thence nextonsumig : And I do further notify d that the said James Robertson has given \- notice in writing at my office of his intention a to proceed with his application for letters patent for the said invention ; and that I have appointed Friday, the 20th day of September nest, at 11 o'clock in tlIe forenoon, at my office, to hear and consider the said applies. tion, and all objections thereto: And I do I hereby require all persons having an interest a in opposing the grant of such letters patent 2 to leave, before that day, at my office at Hobart Town, particulars in writing of their a objections to the said application, otherwise the will be precluded from urgiicg ltce .Givea sander soy lined this 23rd day of fAugust, 1802. u W. L. ]Dousoy, Attoricey.General.. )facquario- strcet, Hobail Towic. SIMIMIGRATION., + 1 ] THREE Norfolk immigrants, good pilugb men, are remaining for hire. Appli cations to be made at the Savings Bank. Ad dress H. D., Immigration, Launceston. ti August 22. (a ISA]JEEoLA WEBSTER. A A NY person who can give information rd- T '1I.speeting Isabella Webster,. native of a Scotland, ago about 45 or 50 years, will please a, communicate with the undersigned. I T. Poraiess, P Superintendent of Police. F' Longford Municipality, Sept. 3. (w o CALEB SOUL'S ORIGINAL& GENUINE a KALOS GEUSIS SAUCE, S certified and improved by the lato A Mons Soyer, whose testimonial, given I by him to Mr. Henry Trinder (lote of Watling-street), ' is now in the posseesson of Mr. Soul, who succeeded h to his business. It is made from the original recipe " and with all theecaro known to have been takon by tI Mr. Trlnder, which hal raised Itto the high osilmstlon it hss strained as being the "best sauce yet dis. d covered." It is well known in all parts of the globe, aud may he purchased of sny respectahle oilman or grecer thrsouhout the world. i Price it. per bottle. The genuine is capsuled. e1 85, Queen-streot, Cheapside, London, E.C. A The followinc Testimonials, amongst many others, speak for its excellence :- a Your sauce is, In my judgtent, without opton. tl the very test yet produced. lItla quIte distioctive. I Thte Ingredients are well chosen and judiciously blended.-Rev. G tI. P.,Excter, 4th April, 1859. b "Kaloe Geosus" Is' the appropriate tis of a sauce linroduced by Mr. Trinder, of 75, Watling-street, of P exquisite relish and ,piquancy, and free from those Int o jorious effects upon the organs of the palate so justly C] attributed to most other sauces. We wonder not at Ita nding a plco upuon the table of royalty.-Court P Th "' Kalos Goudsi Sauce" is certainly a most do f Ilirotts condiment, and we fled It unievrsally recom- n mnonded by the most eminent of the faculty in place of h tonics and other provocatives.-Herahl On solo by C. J. Invona, Brisbane-slreet. (e f A.U T ION AGAINST COUNTER. I FEITS.--Tho high repute and extensive sole of Messrs. Perry's Medicines having induced manytunnrinelpled individuals to foist upon the public illicit Aoil spurious compositions of their own prohll fton, Messrs. Percy beg to inuorm persons purchasing their medicines that none are genuine unless the underneath signature oh t. and L. Perry and Co. is aftieed on the oulside of each wrapper of the CORDIAL BALM t Or SVuIAcoot and DETEResVe EasENCa, and their name. address, and also that of the medicine, is I blown on the bottle, to imitate which is felony'; and, In addition, oil Messrs. Perry's 'medicines sold -in Australia, India, China, and other ports of the world, I will be protected by a patent capsule, affixed to each I bottle, bearing their name and address in full I and t every packet end bottle most be accompanied by a copy of the pamphlet, entitled "Extracts from the 'Sient Friend,,'" which is included in the price t charged for the Medicine. Ii. & L. PERRY & Co. i Sorgeons. I Messrs. R. and L. Perry & Co., are only to le con. saIted at their residence No. 19, Bernerestareet, Oxford-street, London, as they never, under any air. cumstances, travel either at home or, abroad, and they hereby caution the public agalost any person a THE, GREATEST MEDICAL DIS. I ' COVERY OF THlE AGE. Perrys Cordial Balm of Syricum.-Establlshed I nearly a century, and known throughout the world as rho GROATest REOGNERATORu a never failing i remedy for the losm of manly power, restores the Impaired powers of life, when exhausted by thei follies of youth, maturity, or old age. It Is a certain core in all cases of extreme nervous debility produced by r eorly imprudoeco and various other ceases, tperma- t tinrates, exhaustion," Incapacity fur, society. etudy or business, indigestion, shortness of breath; 'dim. ness of eight, giddiness, cholic ,'otoel and bilIous I liver comi lnints, constipation and relaxation, lysen- t 0 tery, asthma, jaundice, fever, lumbago, gout thous matism, coughs, colds; sorel weak and uicerated a throats; nervousness, hysteria, pains in the limbs, loI 0 ferruptea . circulation, tic-doloreou, restlessness at hight, all chronic diseases and all femalo complaints. This Invalouaie medicine is tho most wonderful triumph of art over nature, and Is adapted for both sexes. -It r has the effect of restoring and increasing. the enatura 1, vigor of those who are suffering from ' prostration it and languor 'produced by sojourning in the colonies' or in hot clitmates. Thouands have been restored to I x health and vigor by its use, as sworn to on oath .be. fore the (tight lon. Lord Mayor of Londdo, and ' the following Aldermen-Sir Peter Laurin; Knt., I Sir James Duke, Bart., M.P., Sir John blusgrone, I Bart., Sir George Carroll, Knt, Sir soberS IWalter Carden, Knt., David William Wire, Esq., William 0 Cubits, Esq., 5iP., Sir henry Muggeridge, Kht..and others. Price Its. per bottle, or four quantities o in one for 33s., which saves Is; and in 51, bottles, elifctings saving of II. 12s. , , I'erry's Concentrated- Detersive Essence, a romedy for any of the forms of secondary symptome, end for purifying the system from contamination. It is 51 reeimmendotl for all Shoes diseases fur which mer. ary, &c.;, are ant only emplayed in vain, but too ofteet to the utter rain of health.. Ito actionlIs purely detersive, and its ieneficial influeeeaon thorsystem is undeniable. Price its. and 038. per bottle, also a sauing of Its. a . Perry's Patent Concentrated Essence of Copalba and CUbeb, SugarCoanted Glouiles, composed o rare and valuable gums and also extracts of copaiba and culebs, for the care of obstinate gleet, gonorrhema, and all urethral Affections, sedimentary and high t, colored secretions, dorsal pains and rettal Irritations e in either sex. 'causing immediate relief by subduing e inflammatory action, perfectly tasteless, still retaining at the sams time all the curatire powers of' these It valuable preparations. In all cases of gonorrhme, r elect, strictures, &c.;, a singlo trial will prove the efficacy of this unequalled remedy r as it at once acts upon the kidneys, bladder, and the urino'geltail organes, restoring them to their healthy state. Price 1Its., tand 033. pee boxi HIeltt Deponds apon Pure Btood.-ePrry's Purify 0 ing Specifle Pills.-An Infallible cure for'all disouses of the skin, such as scurvy, scrrfola. ulcers, boils, blotches, pimples on the face and body, &c.; Price Y 1un And 3s. per box. n On Ntrvousness, Relaxation, and Exhaustion-New edltion, enlarged to . 190 pages, illustrated by los anotomical colored engravings on steel, just pub. 0 lobed, price as Si. r The Silout Friend, a medical work on the na nra p treatment, and curo of nervous and physical debility exhaustion, spertoatorrhtna. and all urino-genlta diseases of the nervous s5stcm, and otherdiseases 0 incidental to' both sexes, producing a degenorneray of it mental and physical strength, terminating in total it doblilty and incapacity t shlowing wity these diseases 6 so often appear incurable, when lit reality they can be effectually removed by tih most tipo Itomtans.: ' Also to be had from all agents in all parts of the 0 world, Extracts from the Silent Friend, prico ed. t which contain directions far the noldanco of pae. eate. and Is eistlued is Che price ettasged 'or lthe modi. Ii' flod at Messrs. IC. sod L..l'erry and Co's.,.Wirole sale Depot, 00o. to, Ituroavs~stccet, Onlird. alvet, Agoola.-serelsy he Cu., 71. Farrlngdoa~atrtct, London a futolboarue - Plorace & Co., 021, C... es V dale~sircetl, 10as1t DR. J, .COLLITS BROWNE'S OBLORQ DYNE, C HOLERA, Dysentery, Diarrhlme, Cramp, A ue, Fover; Rheumatism, Coesump. tihn, Asthtma, Cough, Etc, All putti vomiting, and distress ceomoe in a eaw minutes ftertaki og a dose of that wonderful Sedatire Anodyne- and Antispasmodic remedy discnoveed by Dr.m W.Cil tiroweu, Pet.irO .D.L, I(on.rm tiledS Staff) th recipe of o whl hch wa confded solaey to -. T. Davenport, 33, Great mussetn strmet, dilootashar . square, London, Pandrmaceummoa Chemist). The me. dir. testimony of ceii, hospital, military, and anaTo practitioners pronouneces It innaluabie. It relieves palest ompay kind. soothes the esotlneso of font,, and imparts the most rofrehing sdeep, without preodtcag or teanoig any of tli unpceasant effects of opium. As a proof of itleaocrr.n low Axtrocts from noA rea t esorrmoniasoby-nhyhicns stand tsurgeons are given From W. Veoiatm, Pettigrew, M.D., ron. nfRcCi.e Englandt, tormhrly Lecturer opon Anatomy and tPhysinolgy at St. r corgo's Schoot of Medicine r-"I hone needi it in consumption, esthima, diarrhmu, and other liornce, and amu mot perfectiy satisioed with the results.t' Dr. Giibon, Army Molredil Staff, Caelutta:-n Two dopsee ompletrly cored me of diaeorem." I From C. V. Itidomt, Esq., Surgeon, Egham o-" As an artringent in bert-u dia.n hma, and anoerispadsTodiI i. cotic with ceampr inth ah do men, the relief iin. - stantaucoul." LExracis frum the GoruenAr. lBouno or HsALTaO LondIones(oeuits offlio rinChoelerao 1st Stoge or Premdoniosry-ln this nintg the remedy eels asla charm, one dose generally sufictcnt. Cud Sagen, or that of Vomiting and PNrging-Ie this estge tho remndy porsesnes grast power, more than any other we aro nequainted with, two or three doses being aelficient. 3rd Stage, or Collpe-In oal cmaos restiring the fpulse. tio strongly reo wu convineod of the immense value of this remedy. ethot we canent ten fuorcibty urge the necessity of adopting loIn oall cones. From A. Montgomiery, Jq, lute Inspector of Ha, tpiotus, Bombay :-" Clilaodyne is a me,, nalaublo remedy o nuralgaeeto. oehou and dyLenteryo. To it I fairly owe, my restoration to helthi after eightceen monthia' everoe suffering, end when all ethermodlelne, had failed." CU~ceTee.-In conoequeece of the extraordinary of. flency of this reiredy, eoveral epsinelplod parties huve been induced to vend imciutions. Neavr he toeptod to buy shlerodynti eorept is aoted botitleo hingiu the Governmeet uomp, with the words, "Dr. eJ. Collia ilran owes Cirodyjor" engeuaed ihereon. A aseet full of mlediciial tesimonloa ceompanie T each lathe. Sole mnrfacfturer, J. T. DAnsrelTh , 33, Great Russell-street, iloomsbhery, Londun. Sold in batitles, Ia ad and 49 Gd. Agents for hflbcliarno-Miesuss, TAYtOR & Co., 47\. Fbitders Lone. (a FRAMPTON'S PILL' OF HEALTH. THIS excellent Family Pill in a modicine J- of long-tried eificacy for purifying the blood, so very essential for the foundation ot good health, rand crrfetineg all disorde r s afth 3stomnach aiid bowels. Two or thrieeleses will eon ainice ohe oflicted of its aelutary effects. The stomach will speedily rogaml ions treetts a healthy oction of the liver, howa o, and cidenys will rapidly teke plaes aiid renesed health will he bte quiek result of tebign this medicine, aceording tu the directions eccompany. leg such hex. Persons op atefl habt, who an oesobjet to headruche, giddinesr, drowsinie, anod iengerg in lite d. e, Brisil frum-too greet a flow m btlood to the heed, should anevr he without themo , in many dangerous symptoms wilton be etirely crried off by their timely use. o- ur femaled, these pilla ore truly excellent, remoriog all obtruetilons, the dlaistesneg headache eo very prevalent with the seo, depression of spurts, dutuess of sight, nervous affection~s, blotches, pimples, and sallowniess of Ohs skis, and glee a healihy juvenile d bloom to the complexion. sTo mothers they are confideutly rseommended as Otis beat medicinu that can be token e nd for children of all ages they aee euappulled. Tudse pills nalie the recommendation of a mild eap oraton lii, tOhl most suWccsteu effectst and for Slderly people, or where an ocaesional apoerint is recquired, nothing con be helter adapted. Her s m ojeaty'eCommdissloomrs ouoe anthorised the name aiid address of "Thomas teroni. Nu. 209, Strand, saladtabe to be impresoed upon the Govermoute WORESTENSIVIIE AUSAUE s tOai N s .hi x t con ehh box o f the to hOsice. ai Goolod Siauce," haendapioi 10e suled vas prietyus et mgitr tor hi Iutherrn- Wor.estor May, t.D bt " Tollteunes Lea and Ierirrtonlol cloor iso thigl eOrappnrd ii edis und at in myopninOh linposee LE. AND PhvERR oti a ahinS h t pholutale mn molt expran the motwloouomn Sore, thatCAsbmtI T TFOR D' TENSIVAE A SA.UC. Sauehor and dppcocad lot severaie o theyr a Freisg Eillotract io av bemen supied icll sepnlemn 'atee M ofdrs theis"I Voreftratiorer Sae , o 851 t -s ofwT helloe ndl Prreseie thoato thei genuine is uigel eantemd Inooe ondie iantdcei in wit opinio a es msct cation te puasbli ui to meqosot prholuem Steo Sthaot ts nondeof. a TEGEXT ENGSIVE FRAUEDS.FO O LAN a 0. faoinr discovered thIt seheril poceed o a losany rev le who se nf r tegr non teirune oSabe, 0 e "ither by anufoivc ornediog such imt Oyeh5 and bone m sormeton isteircorres ponents itevarioua b adi P.s forckged ;iu thehvdmed iot sahei adut to capueios eihe wurliad, to aii questtie pfsrchaeri t snre emet Swrper, lan for t n by tnd bu aptnl ' J L.an frnther gie rotie thad thed wi ro cead n agBoiet lan o el tio omea inril n uorehuetr righun oitertyenfatfori nd Co. vnig such ~imOtitatins isd h aler Cotrctiesd theireforrepnet mI orde rinwoes ai patrdallbas of h oldtdies theo ofio h sois frinoged. t ot Whlesaetfd sod for lipovtigjstblton byte poetors,iv days ei &ntice;, Worceserde ,-ooEnglaleInd Crowe ad it Blckasull) adohrolenad.uc. London.( GOU CANDTHEO ATSM mabo willSliTht In prnyclim teon io onped ofilo 1iwaevr.i wCiustomes herelfore, we m oilrdcemistr wiax maesuarroild hpo prkicdufor dion the eestiu tenty yeagrds at the prese eothors roton speobsotatocaforth y ant webr, carlevnod pearusued oexu bat sia thfewac days andaftyset this medicinde iaybe full dEmnglaiind. to byhroleied C te LnlleBhniiila from n pv isisevery ranke of toftle, thaton pulcspeo°rcoi.t~ seso h o TeePILLS.require noreparaltinioe of dit hr ee u moeret pnmnkn o during theise.ivor ett fist ClO thent dearsoss atueioegsany cniuralt spor lt. o ue h a Thdsaety can tha reliieapninte inns0fll deostfraedof factualnsremedyeeverstffenialsthuo uliersonsadotseverierat it cata fmortn t dishoscompaints.o th prset ag~e. li is-ic Thaeseill~s remuirnoestriuntr bar aito cne doeume atacid g ad nye~ ofta "'arinste. ~ -Ne s, -usd Thedyican is rlied umpeod aps the mouvaeradef t Soitul ined evetrndoffeled ahd Publcad p aer bo n Aetfteeso-R ICan nt Amriafo4mn 