SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Almost the only event of tho month, «and oertainly the most important piece of news whioh it has ever been our pro- vince to commuoioate to our English readers sinoo tho establishment of con- stitutional government in this colony, is the exorcise by «.he Legislativo Assembly of the privileges of the House of Com- mons. On the occasion of our last sum- mary, wo montioued that a conflict had arisen betweon tho Assembly and The Argus nowapaper, on this question of privilège; and in a supplément to tho present paper will bo found a detailed narrative of all that has occurred since, in connexion with this matter. To give tho English publio somo ade- quate notion of the great importance of the question, and of its intimate con- nexion with the liberties of the subjcot in Victoria, it may bo necessary to rc oite, in a fow words, the true position of tho eise between The Argus and tho Legislativo Aes&mbly.;' The question is purely as to the extent of the privilege's enjoyed by tho two Houses of the looal Lcgislaturo under the oxiatiHg statutes. The Constitution Aot, l8 and 19 Viet., ohap. 55, whioh conferred on this colony ' the full rights of self government, con- tains in the 35th clauso the following ' provision : " It shall bo lawful for the Legislature of Vio toria, by any aot or acts, to defino tho privileges, immunities, and powers to bo held, enjoyed, and exercised by the Uouncil and Assembly, and by the members thereof respectively : Provided that no ' such privileges, immunities, or powers shall ex- ceed those now held, enjoyed, and exercised by the Commons House of Parliament or the members thereof." Tho Parliament of Viotorir-, created under the abivo statute, proceeded, as its first act, te pa«8 a mcatmre entitled, " An Aot for IK-fioing tho Privileges, "Immunities, and Power's of the Legis "lative Council and Legislative As " sernhly of Victoria respectively," dated the 25th of February, 1857. The two clauses of this aot .aro as fol- low : "I. Tho Legislative Council and Legislativo Assembly of Victoria respectively, and the com raiitco and members thviroof reBpec'ively, shall hold, enjoy, nnd exercise, such and the like privi- leges, immunities, and powers as, and tho privi- leges, immunities, and powers of the said Couticil and Assembly respectively, and of the committees and members thereof respectively, are hereby defined to bo tho nanto as at the time of the passing of tho said recited act wero held, enjoyed, and oxerciwd, hy tho Commons' House of Parliament of Grev Britain and Ireland, and by the committees nnd members thereof, so far as the same .1-0 not inconsistent with the said recited act, whether such privilegos, immunities, or powers were so held, possessed, or enjoyed by custom, Eta ute, or o herwiao. " II. Any copy of tho journals of tho ïïouso of Commons, printed or purporting to be printed by the order or printer of the HOUBO of Commons, shall be received as prima facie evidence, without proof of its beim» suoh copy, upon any inquiry touching tho privileges, immunities, and powers of tho said Council or Assembly, or of any com- mittee or member thereof respectively." Tho enormous prerogative thus usurped by the Viotorian Parliament, attracted but little attention at the time. Tno nature and extent' of tho boon conferred on themselves by the two Houses wore certainly not understood by tho members the mselves. For five years the Parliament has conduoted its pro- ceedings in ignorance of tho powers now alleged to bevestedinitbythc 20th Viot,, No. 1; nor has there been any oom plpint that the Houses have not eujojed suflioient privilege to enable them to fulfil their appointed funotions. As a proof of how little was thought of tho powers conferred, or supposed to bo con- ferred, by the Aot 20th Viet, No. 1, it is only necessary to say that so lately as May 1861, the Speaker of tho Asernbly gave it as his opinion that " the privileges of the Parliament " at home, as to the arrest of members, " did not apply to this colony." {Han- sard, vol. vii., p. 812 ) He seemed to attach no value to the aot of the House, expressly taking over all the privileges of the HO'IBO of CommoBs, for, on a former occasion, when a member of tho AeBembly wai assaulted, actually within the walls of tbe Ilouiie, by a stranger, he dcoided that " the privileges of the " IIouso did not extend to the refresh " mont rooms." That the House itself had no cloar notion of what was its pri- vilogo, or whether it had any, was evi- denced by the passago of a bill for tho prevention of publio meetings and dis- orderly assemblies within a quarter of a mile of the Parliament building, at a time when the pcrsorisof members wore boliovcd to bo ia peril of a riotous mob. The Argus on its side, on behalf of tho publio and tbo Press, has always denied that the Victorian Parliamont possossed any privileges at all, with- out its wolle. It has contended from the first, that the provision as to privilege ¿contained dn tho Constitution Aot, has jaovor been «complied with-that tho eo ùtVeâ Privilege Act of this Parliamont, tho 20th Viet. No. 1, is invalid and of no account--that this Parliament, being required to .' defino " its pri yilegcí.. it has sever done so up to this momoiit-thatJ the mero recital of the bounds by w)j£ch privilege is oon fiiied in the 85tb clause of tho 18th and 19fch Viet., chap. 55, is no warrant for taking everything con- tained within thoso boundaries-that the privit/i/res of the HGUSO of Commons, existing by prescription and being sui generis, cannot bin aoquired by any in- ferior assembly-fc^at they aro^ not oommunioated to ¿hii1 Parliament, and aro incommunicable. Therefore, The Argus IiBB maintained tù'&t;, as tho de- cisions of tbe Judioial ConuTjitteo of the Privy Counoil hold that th-ßro aro no inhoront privileges (extra muros) be- longing of right to any colonial Iogiela j,ive body, the Victorian Parlkmont has no privileges by whioh it can takt" notioe of anything outside its walls. It hasùbeen for some time past tho steady detwmnZ*" I tion of this journal to resist any euoh j olaim of privilege whenever it should bo pat forth, nolding that it is dangerous to tho liberties of the people that any j Buoh. irresponsible and extra-legal au« | thority should reside in either House of Parliament, nnd believing that it is contrary to the law, and an insult to tho paramount authority of the House of Commons, that the privileges of the indefinite and anomalous nature claimed by this lost body, should be pos- sessed and exeioised by a colonial Le- gislature. The fi rßt attempt to exeroise tho powers, believed to have been conferred on the Victorian Parliament by tho Aot 20th Viofc. No. 1, ha9 been mado on tho person of Mr. George Dill, tho pub- lisher of this journal. The matter of his offence, and all tho subsequent pro ocediogs, will bo found fully dotailed elsewhere. It is sufficient to say that, on the argument as to the validity of the return made by the Speaker to tho writ of Habeas Corpus, the judges h a vo de- cided that the Parliament of Victoria baa all the privileges, immunities, and powers " legally" heíd by the House of Commons, and that the o'ffenoe for whioh Mr, Dill had been committed for o con- tempt, oame within the circle of those priviiegee. Against thisjudgmiont, it is the intention of The Argus to appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council ; and the first stfp has already been taken in the proceedings,by a notioe of action for damages having been served on the Speaker and the scrgcant-at-arms of tho Assembly, respectively. The oaso will bo argued again on a demurrer be- fore the judges hore,so that opportunity may bs given to Mr. Dill to carry his appeal to the final tribunal iu England. There has been but one feeling among tho people and the Press of these colo- nies as to the step taken by tbo Vic- torian Assembly in vindication of its presumed privileges, and tho dangerous consequences of intrusting powers' so vaut and terrible into the hands of a body such as represents the House of Commons ia this colony. Thero is scarcely any limit to thc8o powers, as now ol&imed; und exercised, and no cheek ugainBt their improper exercise. The despotism set up is the dospotism of a vulgar, illi- terate, unscrupulous majority, who have naturally every objection to the free criticism of their acts hy the- Press. That any local Legislative Assembly whatever should bo endowed by statute with the privileges whioh havo grown np through ages rouDd the ITouso of Com- mons, is something monstrous to con- template, for those who-have been bred up in a reverent faith in tho prinoiples of British law and freedom. If the Parliament, it U felt, can do wJxaJL , it claims to do, there is n tyranny ! set up against which the law affords j no remedy, and in tho faco of i which the liberty of the British sub- ject becomes a farce. If it can be ' party, proseoutor, judge, and cxecu l tioner, in its own cause, no man is safe I against its caprice or its malioo. Tie Prt-6S, under such a privilego,is no more free than it is under tho dominion of I Napoleon III. The privilege invested ' in members of deoiding what is or is not 1 a libel, is a privilege to tho full extent of i deciding what shall or shall not be said against them. The Press oeaseB to have its legitimate funotions under thU régime. The nionib8ra of Parliament aro absolved from ail responsibility to public opinion ; and the people not only may not discuss their representatives themselves, but have no oiiterion by which to judge whe- ther they aro properly represented' or nor. Tho peculiar danger of intrusting the privileges cf tho House of Commons to a body like tho Victorian Assembly, is, that thero aro none of the ehcoks in our case whioh at homo arc found practically sufficient to protect the public against abuse. It is truo that even the House of Commons has occasionally overstepped the limits of discretion, and have used their great powers wrongly, and to the prejudice of public liberty ; but on every occasion of this kind, the House has been made to Fuffer in loss of cha- racter, and has ended hy leaviDg the triumph virtually in the hands of the people But, apart from the force of public opinion, there are con- stitutional checks in England to the immoderate uso of the privilege of Par- liament, whioh do not and oaunot exist here. In the first plaoo, tho privilege of one Houso is, in somo degree, a check upon the privilege of the other. The House of Lords, having L, privilege of its own diffaent from.that of tho Com- mons, has more than once stepped in to the defenoo of public liberty, against the Commonß' prerogative The famous Aylesbury cass (AsJihy v. White) is one instance whore the Lords did so, in their resolution dcelariog that neither House oould claim any now privilege. In our caso, the two HOUBCB arc made to havo a joint interest in the same privileges-tho oharter of one is tho charter of the other-so that neither would bo found willing to restrain the other in tho use of that which is com- mon to both. Again, in our oase, the prerogative of the Crown is scarcely re- cognized as a oheok to the p-ivilego of Parliament. We dispense, in the first plaoo, with the yearly ceremony per- formed by the Commons, of submitting their privileges to the confirmation of the Sovereign, The Parliament hore, therefore, holds "as it wore in per- petuo what tha House of Commons enjoys on annual lease. There is another eteok paesessed by the Crown at home, which could scarcely be operative in this colony-the power of proroguing or dissolving Parliament, in the event of a coaflict between privi- lege and law. There is litfclo reason to believe that any colonial Governor, under a purely democratio system such ' as ours, would have the.oourage to lako this extremo step in de/onoe of the people. The wholo question has an interest for the people of this colony, a.nd for the Press in particular, which can scarcely bo estimated by tho English reader, living under a settled constitution, and accustomed to the dominion of law. If the claim of the Victorian Parliament^ is upheld hy the Privy Counoil, then thero remains no seourity of person or speech in Victoria-. , The wofst'dangers of demo i ii. ? - * «aoy may bo apprehended under a sys'em whioh places so terrible a power in tho hands of som o of the vilest of the popu- lation. It rests with tho people, the Press, and the Parliament to deoido whether so monstrous a despotism (shall be set up in the midst of the loyal, orderly, and freedom-loving subjects of the Qaecn in Victoria. Since the re-assembling of Parliament after tho Easter recess, tho interest attached to the pro- ceeding; of the Assembly has mainly centered in tho contest between the House and the publisher of this journal on the matter of privilege, tbo history of whioh will bo found in a Supplement to The Argus of this day. The monstrous claims put forth by tho House, and to a certain extent, and unexpectedly, suppcr'ed by the decision of the Supremo Court of the colony, have begot a strong feeling of hostility to the Assembly throughout tho country, the first expressions, of which were given utterance to in Castlemaine and Fi zroy within the last few hours. In other mattors the Assembly has been unusually butty. Numerous bills have been passed or advanced towards their final stages,, and the session is now drawing rapidly to a close. Amongst thoso which have passed the third reading are the Civil Sertioe Bill, by which the service is, for tho first timo, classified, and salaries, promotion, and superan- nuation arranged on defined principles; tbo AlicoB Bill, by which tho lays afficing the social and political privileges of natives of foreign coun- tries resident iu Victoria are relaxed in their favour; thoInjuriesBill, by whioh persons guilty (by commission or omission) of causing grievous bodily injuries to others aro punishable as for misdemeanour; and the Fisheries Bill, by which it is proposed to protect tho sea fisheries to a certain extent during ,tho spawning seasons. A! hill to encourage distillation, by the im- position of rt differential duty of Gt. per gallon on spirits distilled from grain iu the colony, and of 4s. on spirits from Bugar, has been passed through committee. It is much called for by the farmers, who aro at present suffering from the low prices of grain, and for whose spoiled corn the distilleries will provide a market. A bill on the subject of leases of, auriferous land has also been well ad- vanced in committee, and will prob-tVy bo read a third timo in the course of next week. The object of tho bill is to facilitate gold-mining opeiatioos on a large scale, by reducing the rent, and facilitating tho transfer of titles, &e.; Tho House has also forced the education question to a point from which a speedy settlement of a long vexed matter may be roaohed. In the courso of the debato in Committee of Supply, on tho annual vo'e of £125,000 for educational purposes, Bome weeks'ago, Mr. Heales succeeded in carry- ing a resolution reducing tho amount to one-half, his object being to limit tho supplies for BÍX months, that the Ministry might be forced to I take action on tho question during the present session. Ministers professed their unwilling- ness to deni with Education at so Into a period of a sealion which had been occu- pied nith very important business ; und at a later period Mr» líenles Buffered tho voto to be supplemented to the amount originally propored, at tho same time intimating that ho would bring forward, and press to a Eottlemont, a bill for the "establishment of common schools. Mr. O'sha- nassy subsequently gave notico of a bill for the establishment of primary schools ; and both bills came beforo tho Assembly for their second n tid- ing on Tnursday lait. After a protracted discus- sion, in the courso of which a proposal to refer both bills -and a third promised by Mr. Haines-to a select committee nas re- jected by a large majority, Mr. Hcales's bill was road n second time and passed iuto committeo, and that of Mr. O'shanassy throtin out. Tho meat-uro will be discussed in coruuii'tee on Thurs- day next. The Upper House has been less laborious, but has progressed as far as the Culb clause of tho Land Bill. Nearly the «bolo of the clauses on which discussion was : > have bien expected have thus been gone over without amendment, and tboro is now no doubt that the bill »ill become law within the next few days. 1 hero is n¡» little doubt that the settlement of to imporiant a question as the issuo of annual licences for a fixed period to the pastoral tenants of the Crown generally, and of fourteen years' leases in certain case», coupled as tho arrangement ii with a scheme of immigra- tion, will have a most important and beneficial in- fluence on i he f utureof this colony, i'uo uncertainty of tho tquatters' tenure for years past, and the hos- tility shown to the pastoral tonants by the demo- cratic and "land reform" meraberB of the Lo« or I louee, cjnibincd todrive capital f romourstiores to Queensland and New Zealand to an extent almost fabulous, when the youth of the colony is con- sidered. Property of all kinds became depre- ciated, purchasers could scarcely bo found for land or stock, and the fair prospects held out in netvor colonies drew away men of means, and at- tracted from our shorefl capitalists who had come to Victoria expressly to invest their fortunes in Btations, The evil effeots of this si ato of things were seen on all sides. Fortunately the cuises of the depression aro now removed, capital «ill again Dud employment, imiuiijration will again tot in, and a fresh ern of prosperity commence. The Tax on Bank Notes Bill was rejected by the Council; but the ministry have, times im- posed a fee on parcels of notes and specie con- veyed by the Government escorts, which is ox pectcd to yield about the same amount of re- venue its the tax on bank notes would liavo done, and tho burden will fall on the same thouldcrs. Tho Royal assent has been given during the month to tho Electoral Act Suspension Bill, the Gold Duty Reduction Bill, and soino other measures of purely local importance. The bill to reduce tho salary of futuro (¡ovornors of Victoria has boen reserved for Her Majesty's assent. In anticipation of tho speedy passngo of the Land Bill into law, a sories of resolutions ou the subject of immigration «oro tuboiitted to tho Arse'mbly a few nights ago, and last night thoy received the assent of thii Assembly. Their pro- visions will bo found in another column. Tho basis ot the distribution ia it national ODO, bused on tho last census returns. Tho Ministry will give special encouragement to the introduction of skilled vine- growers and wino-makers, as tho growth of the grapo and tho manufacture of wine aro becoming ot very great contcqucuco to this colony. It has boen found that Victorian-grown grapes produce a wine in comparison with which, even those of Spain aro weak ; and during the lost two or three seasons winea have boon pro- duced of a character and a typo, a strength and a bouquet, which would surprise and delight tho most experienced wine-tasters at homo. In con- nexion with tho vote, it may be mentioned that it in intended to send horns threeorfour lecturers to England, to placo beforo the publio tho latest information as to tho state of the colony, and tho prospects offered by it to intending emigrants from England. The state of the finances of tho colony was again the subject of discussion on the Gth inst., ia the Assembly, on n motion by Mr. Verdon, calling upon the Treasurer to explain the vlows of the Government ia the anticipation of a considerable deficit on t ho year's revenue Basing his calculations on the returns for the first quarter of tho year, and on tho Customs returns for April, as thoy had been given in tho Mel- bourne journals, Mr. Verdon concluded-as he had done in April, when ho submitted a motion an the same subjeot-that tho deficiency at tbo «ntl of the current year would not be less than £250,000, whilst the savings that might be anti- cipated on the expenditure of the year were already pledged to malro up the deficiency of £120,000 in 18C1. _ Ho aeked what, in these cir- cumstances, Ministers proposed to do ? Mr. Maines, In reply, stated that the Customs rovenue for April, on which Mr. Verdon based MB cal- culations, ii ad reference to tho port of Melbourne alone. The revenue from the Customs in April, in fact, had amounted to £93,835 ; and nu ttio tide seemed to havo turned, bo .estimated that the only tv,o branches of the revenue which would show a deficiency at the end of the year wera tho Cuntoins and tho Excise, in the first of wliich he looked for n de cienoy of £07,000, and in tho »econd of £18,ê00, or £85,560 in all. But tbo torritorit! revenue had already yielded £40,000 abovo the colima'.'), and as tho smaller sources of revenue all ¿hawed tin improvement, he ealimatcd tho total doficiiviey on the y,tar as not likely to exceed £70,098. Tfcat amount could easily ha met by savinja,-say £50,000 on the voiofor main roads, £10,000 on survey contingencies, £8,000 on departmental contingencies, £3,000 ou military expenditure, &o.;*; whilo the deficiency in 1861 would bo wiptd out by smaller savings in the course of lime. There would, he added, be no new taxation. After n discussion, tho motion waa withdrawn. Among tho votes in supply asjoated to by tho Assembly, were-£3,060 tor the AcollmatUation * Sodary, and £4,000 for the erection of a monument j to Burke and Wills, tbe explorers. It was stated when this vote was under consideration, that an annuity had been bought for King, the survivor of the party, and that £1,000 would be placed on the Supplementary Estimates for the mother and sisters of poor Wills. The Elections and Qualifications Committee has reported that Mr. David Reid, who repre- sented the Murray District, had been unduly re- turned, and his place has been taken by Mr. Orr, a local storekeeper, who_ ei;s in opposition. Mr. Girdlestone has taken his seat for Ararat. Tho Government of Tasmania has opened up communications with that of Victoria, on tho Bubjeot of a federal union of tho Australian co- lonies, and, on (ho motion of Mr, Buffy last night, the committee of the Assembly on tbo subject was revived. The South Australian Government are Hkoly to abandon, after (he arrival of the April mail from England, tho branch servico they at present maintain between Adelaide and King George's Sound. The oilier colonies obtain, on the average, by means of this service, a. summary of the news twelve hours earlier than they would do if the oeesn mail steamer was not so intercepted at King George's Sound. The proposal to abandon tho branch service has rovi ved a proposition to extend a lino of telegraph from Adelaide to Albany. Great difficulties would no doubt bo encountered in forming and maintaining such a line, and the position of tho telegraph operators in tho inter- mediate btationn, along the desert const of the Australian bight, would be unpleasant enough ; but such a line would bring the whole of "tho Australasian colonies six dajo nearer Eng- land, and would bo of great contequonco when the telegraph is extended from tbo Ked Sea to Galle. Menntimo tho plectric wire baa been extended to Brisbano, in Queensland, which it now in direct electric communication with Syd- ney, Melbourne, mid Adelaide ; and it is in con- templation to form a settlement at Cape York, on Torres Straits, to whicb, doubtless, the wiro will be carried lioforo long. Communication by telegraph with England, by way of Timor, the Dutch settlement«, Singapore, and Calcntta, would then be an easy matter, and ono of time, not of experiment. The engineer-in-chief has promised that, if tho weather during June is favourable, the Murray Rivor line will bo opened to Castlemaine and Sandhurst simultaneously in July next. Con- tracts are about to bo taken for the Bchnca line ; and it has been anoouaccd that £300,000 will be borrowed to put the Geelong and Mel- bourne lino ia thorough repair, and pake it a double line. The management of tho Railway department is at present the subject of «iiceinl inquiry, by a commissioner appointed for tho purposo by tbo Commissioner of Railways. The want of water is still greatly felt on the diggings, and many of the quartz-crushing and puddling machines have bein compelled lo re- main idle for months past. This has been espe- cially tho case in Hie C-tetlemnint, Maldon, Mary- borough, and Inglewood districts, and it has told unfavourably on the compan.tivo yield of gold. While on Ibu subject, we may remark that a re turn recently issued from tbo mining depart- ment shows that quartz taken from the deepest bhafts jet mink in the colony (500 feet) gives an averavo yield of gold rather better than that ob- tained from the surface. It is possible; how. ever, that the more pcifect rnelbods of saving fine gold, recently introduced, have something to do with these results. It has been ascertained Ibat two well-known bushmon-Curlewis and M'Cullagh-who were oat in search of country, for pastoral purposes,' between the Darling and Coopers Creek, have been murdered by tho blacks, who fell upon them while asleep by tteir fires ia the night. Walker's party have arrived in the northern settlements cf Queensland, having ber>n unible to follow f?urko'n tracks. Walker has found n lnr,'o river to the north of the Burdekin, flowin; westward, and has come upon traces of Leichhardt in following it down. Nothing has been heard of Jjindshorough's party during the month. The Melbourne Rtilivny Company liavo been unfortunate sinco they assumed tho ownership and management of the Suburban line. Two serious accidents havo occurred upon it, by the collision of trains, within a fortnight ; but, thou.h several of tho passengers were injured, fortunately there has, as yet, been no fatal re- sult. Hobson's Bay has enjoyed tho presence for a time of two of Her Msjosty's ships-tho Miranda, frigato, and tho Pionetr, despatch gimboat. The former, however, sailed on Thursday for a cruize to the Pijis, and the Pioneer is about to sail for Sydney. Seldom lias the bay open so empty of fhippiug. Tile Blackwall, tho Black- Ball and Eacle, the White Star, and the Mersey lines have each a solitary representativo in the port. The Lincolnshire sail« for London on Monday ; and the two Blackwall fleets would havo heen left with- out a ship io Hy the bluo and red cross but for the arrival of the Anglesey off the Heads on Thursday. Great plcMtire is expressed here at the an- nouncement received by tho I.tit mail, that a viaft from Mr. Charles Dickens i« not improbable. Mr. Spiers, of tho now «ell-known firm of Spiers and Pond, proceeded to England by the April mail steamer, to endeavour to remove tho last scruples of the great novelist. Thero is not the shadow of a doubt that a mott hearty welcome aw..,ta " Bcz," should he determino upon the long but pleasant journey to Australia, Tho March mail from E-igiand was delivored by tho Norham on tho 10th instant, pune'nally to time. The outgoing mail is carried by the Madras, which sail» from tho bay on tho morning of Monday, the 26th instant. THE PRESS AND THE PARLIA- MENT. Too following aro a few of tho articles on th. claim of privilege, as asserted by the Legislative Assembly, that have appeared in this jnurnnl. We bad hoped to givo abo some from tho pre" vinces and from tho neighbouring colonies ; but this wa aro precluded from doing by the prcssuro on our space. (rrtoM THE Aitous, APRIL 24 ) The attempt of tho Victorian House of As somHy to arroga'o to itself the powers of the English HOUBO of Commons, must he regarded as one of tbo most monstrous and. iltgitious usurpations which can be matlu on the liberty of the subject in a freo Britii.h community. A very little attention to the Bubieet will suffice to sbow how dangerous is the power which is claimed, and how incompatible, not only with the liberty of free spsech, but with that personal froedom which is tho rightful heritage of every English- man. It is no answer to say that tho Houso of Commons itself possesses these privilege», and, therefore, they may exist with safety to the Con- stitution. No one can say whit the Houso of Commons possesses, or what it docs no' ; but we havo n very sure cuamnteo tbat the Houso of Commons will do no urong, even though armed with nil its terribl« pnwer, in tho numerous checks nliiuh its <-«n discretion, tbo power of tho other estates, nnd the influence of publio opinion, havo provided for the safety of the subject. The privileges of tho British Parlia- ment aro at the present timo, indeed, rather the trappings of a former state than the armour of present use. They aro the fossil relics of tho past, which serve as sipns and records of develop- ment-as tho steps in tho groat contest for free- dom, in which the Parliament represented tho champions of the people, Thoy aro trophies won in hard battle, usually in very unsettled and un- constitutional times. Thoy aro privileges, not against tho people, but against the Crown ; and their end was, not to protect the Parliament from rendering its due account to the people, but to guard the members from the encroach- ments of tho kingly prerogative, and from the courts of law. whon judiris were no more than ministers of the king's will. To protond that any legislative assembly in this nr;o-an assembly not self- existing, but created-an assombly bora of statutf, and sub- ject in ovory other point, to express limitation an assembly not of sovereign righi-, nor even a delegation from the Imperial Parliamont, but subordínala to that Parliament, and of restricted legislative powers-that such a body can assume, by a btroko of the pen, all tho pre- rogatives that belong to tho House of Commons, is surely tho most astounding proposition which can bo submitted to a people, born under the Constitution of England, and having a reverence for British law. Is It to bo supposed for a mo- ment, that tho House of Commons itself would ever consent thus to admit the Victorian As- sembly to a share of i s proud and glorious hori tare? Can the Houso of Commons itself bes'hw the gift which our AsiemMy has so impudontly stolen? Have wo calculated »hat it is that our nimso hal taken, and lio-v deeply it nffeots Iho froedom of every man in this oolony ? The privi- lege of tho House of Commons is the widest prerogative known to tho British Constitution. Admitting that it is to bo gleaned only from the exprès* nols nnd resolutions of ! ho Commons, and that no new privilege can be orcated bv that Houso (aa appears from n resolution of the House of Lords in 1704), it is still such a power as could no', be put in loree without duity conflicts be- tween the law courts und tho Houso, and repented violations of individual li' crty. And it is diffi- cult to know, even nt home, whero is the limit of Parliamentary privilege, either in publio opinion or in the common law. Ali the authorities are bound to cjnfefs that there js a wide Btreteh of debateable territory between the province of tbo judges and the domain claimed by Pmllanténr. luven by the light of the written decision», no one knotts at the present day whero privilege ends and law begins. Sir i William LMackstono laid it down m the case of Brass Crosby, " that it-is our duly (t e., the eiuty of the law courts) to presumo the orders of thfl Houso and their execution "to bo according to lair." " . *" " ii Lord Chief Baron Comyn, following Sir Edward Coke/ BTrmed 'hat " all matters moved concern- ing the Peera and Commons in Parliament ought to be determined according to the usage and DUB toms of Parliament, and not by tho law of any inferior court." On the other hand, Chief Jus- tit* Willes had the boldness to say, " I declare for myself that I will never be bound by any de- termination of the House of Commons against bringing an action at common law fur a falte or double return ; and a party m*y proceed in West- minster Hall, no- withstanding any order of the House." Lord Mansfield was of opinion thot " a resolution of tho Houto of Commons, ordering a judgement to bo given in a particular manner, would not be binding in the Court» of Westminster Hall." lu the ease of Ashby v. While, Lord Chief Justice Holt rando the famous declaration :-" It is tho law which gives the Queen her prerogative ; it is the law gives jurisdiction to the Houso of Lords, as it is the law limits tho jurisdiction of tho Houso of Commons." In Stockdale v. Barnard, Lord Denman u«cd these words :-" But having con- vinced myself that tho mere order of the Ilouse will not justify an act otherwise illegal, and that the simple declaration, that the order is made in exercise of a privilege, docs not prove the piivi lego, it is no longer optional with mo to d« olino or accept the office of deciding whether this privi- lege exists in law." In tho same case, Mr. Jus- tice Li tledale urged that :-" His said the Houso of Commons is tbo solojudgo of its omi privi le;cn ; and so I admit, as far as proceedings in the Houso and somethings are concerned, but I do not think it follows that they havo h power to declaro what their privileges aro, so as to preclude inquiring whether what they declare are part of their privileges " Listly, Mr. Justice Coleridge is of opinion that " it is enough to say that tho law is supreme over the House of Commons and over the Crown itself." The House of Commons, on its side, has never allowed that the judges have any right to inquire whether anything is a privilego which it declares to bo so. In a series of resolutions, passed so rccpntly as 1837, it declared that, " by the law and privilege of Parliament, this ilouco has the sole and exclusive jurisdiction to determine upon tho existence and extent, of its privilege«." But it has lately avoided all coudie' «ith the law courts on I hi'point, and it has preferred, as in (he oaso of Stockdale v. ITansard, to fortify its privilego by express statute, to contending for privilego alone. Even Mr. May, the servant of tho Houso and a otanch advocato of its privileges, is bound to confess that although the House has at various tintes restrained suitors nnd counsel by prohibition and punUhmcnt, has imprisoned judge» and coerced sheriffs, yet that " s ill the law has taken its course." Out of this conflict of opinions and authorities, who is able to pronounce with any precision, as to what is or is not a privilego of the Honre of Commons, so far as persons outside the walls are concerned ? Who can tell what is tho exten'. of the power which our own Assembly haB assumed ? All that tro can know for certain is, that that power, although practically limited at home by the au hority of the judge, is in theory as free and unrestricted as (ho voice of the Houso i self. What the Assembly has done, in effect, is to import the wholo mass cf anomalies, conflicts, and uncerla'nties- of dormant rights ond obsolete functions-of in- determinate ruleB and disputed principles-into this colony, under tho pretence of complying with tho plain requirement of the Constitution Act. And it is no excuse for it to say that, practi- | cally, its privilege is limited here in ? the same i way that it ¡B in England. It is intolerable that there should bo even any uncertainty on a point so essential to tbo enjoyment of individual freedom. It is a monstrous tyranny that tho subject should bo even compelled to resort to the vexation and ex- penses of a legal stii', in order that any one pri- vilege of the HOURS may be defined and made known. What is suffered in England as a neces- sary evil- a result of i ho great conflit between the Crown and people-has no right to be per- petuated here, where the restrictions are less to the exercise of so formidable a power, and whoro :bo danger is grea'rr of i's abuse. In England, the privilego of Parliament represents the various triumphs won successively from the Crown by the champions of the people, and it lins a value and meaning, if only from historical association. Here there is nothing to gild the power or justify its exercise lu England, the privilego of one Houso is chrcked by the privilego of tboolher, and also fundamentally by the prerogative of the Crown. Mero the absurd at emptismadeto givu both Eoiucs ho same privileges which belong at homo to tbo third estate of the realm, under a Go- vernor who ii not the represen'a ive but lhe agent of the Crown. In Eifclnnd, the power of one estate is lialancod by the power of each of tho two others, in privil^ee as ingreatermatters. Here, the Upper Houso has tho same interest «ith tho Lower in prcservini; certain large and indefinite power*, which tho Governor nits no means of controlling. To illus'.rnto tho absurdity of bestowing on this Assembly lhe privileges of tho Houso of Com- mons, let us take one power, for example, which the House of Commons has, and which, the Vic- torian Assembly pretends to also possess. It is a power by no means obsoleto or failen into desue- tude, liko that of preventing all publication of deba1 cs, but one which is in vigorous exist- ence, and has been exorcised within this cen- tury. It forms, perhaps, the grea'est of all the prerogatives of Parliament, as it is one of tho most anoient and undoubted of its privi- leges. Wo refer to tho power of impeachment. According to a resolution of the Houso of Com- mons, it ¡i iis " undoubted r'uht to impeach any peer or commoner for treason, or for any other crime or misdemeanour." The cases of Warren Hastings and of Lord Melville are familiar instances of the exercise of this privilege wi hin raaent times; nnd thero is no doubt that the House of Commons could irapeich Lord Pal- merston tomorrow, if it so pleased, without question of its right to do so. IB this, then, also one of the privilege« included within the broad margin of 20th Viet., No. 1 ? Aro wa to suppose that tho Victorian Assembly has the power to impeach before tho Legislativo Council, or the Council before tbo Assembly (for both aro equal and similar powers within our realm), any mem- ber of either'ilouse for crime or misdemeanour? Yet we must allow the House this privilege, if wo allow the so-ctllcd Privilego Bill 20.h Viot., ?No. 1. The necessity of the casa ainnot bs pleaded in favour of such a uourso as the House has taken for the definition of its privileges. Nothing can be more monstrous than to suppose that the Houre can givo itself no privileges, except liy tak- ing tboso which bulong to tho House of Com- mons. There is no analogy, as wo havo be fore shown, between the two assomblies, either in tho theory of their constitution or their ofliJO. Tho privileges of the Houso of Commons have arisen by gradual encroachment on the prerogative of the Crown, in defeuea of the liberties of tho peonle. They contain n great many powers too atbitrary and absolute for any other assembly to posses'«, nud whioh havo only been allowed to tho liouse of Commons bec.uiso their allow- ance was inevitable. These powers go far beyond what is necessary and essential to the protection of Parliaroenr, and the free- dom of dobate ; and in their very vagueness are too dangerous to be commit led into lhe haads of any colonial Legislature. -Tho House of Com- mons, let us remember, was once the sovereign power ia the state ; and it has novcr given up the formal prerogatives which accrued to it during that exceptional stage of its career-prerogatives actually greater than any whioh the Crown now claims to havo. The Queen, for instance, is driven to tho verdict of a jury before she eau punish the most scandalous libel against herself the Commons m»y take both trial and punish- ment ia their own hands. The Queen cannot commit any Bubjeot to prison without a legal warrant-tho Commons claim to bo ablo to over rido Sábeos corpus. And aro we to bo told that it is necessary for the protection of this colonial Houso of ABSombly, that it should havo powers and immunities greater than those enjoyed by tho Sovereign of England herself? (FROM TUB ABÓOS, Al'BIL 30.) Tho first formal act of Executive lawlessness committed ¡n this country was perpetrated yester- day upon tho body of Mr. George Dill, a peace- ful citizen of this realm, pursuing his lawful occupation. His premises woro invaded, and be himself foroibly haled away, by two persons pro- fessing to aot undor the orders of the Speahor of tbo Legislative Assembly. Without any logal warrant whatever, and for no offence known to the law of this land, this individual haB boen de- prived of his liberty, and incarcerated in tba'. dismal pines of punishment called tho House of Parliament. At tho present moment ho is con- fined in a dungeon which is rather moro tin comfortable than ano of the separate cells of Pentridgo-a dump, unwholesomo den, with for- midable bars to tho ono window, and a padlock of Brobdingnagian proportions on tho door- not so far from the sound of tho debates of the House aB that como dall cebúes of that obsceno noise can visit his ears. Tho exouso for this daring outrage on the liberty of tho subjeot is, that tho privileges of the House of Assembly havo boen violated by como one, for whom Air. Dill is the vicarious sufferer. No crime has been committed, no law offended. No court lias pronounced its sentence, and no jury of peers has given a verdict. Yet hero is an innocent man deprived of his freedom, in tho open day, in a city professing to bo governed by British law. . Tho houso of an Englishman has been de- liberately attacked, and an assault committed, wbioh, in law, is equal to burglary or felonious abducion. It is true that no absolute physical violenoo was done, but this is duo to the forbear- ance of tho pretended delinquent, and not to the mercy of the House or of its myrmidons. The minimum amount of legal foroe only was suf fered, the assailant being the sergeant at arm« But the outrage is as great as if that officer had only succeeded in bis wicked in ents after » lovere struggle-as if the whole poste comitalus of the Houso, beginning with the Speaker, and ending with the smallest messenger, had bodily attacked the office of Mr Dill, and carried him away by main force To spoak senouUy, the House has perpetrated an not which, if endured m silence, renders all law superfluous, and makes all liberty a farce. Thoro can be no form of tyranny moro de grading than this, if lhere ia no redress in law for this gross and wanton outrage. It is no necessary that we should quote tho exe iso given by the House for this extrciso of aibi rary authority The plain fact should he enough, that here is a ci izen deprived of personal liberty, against whom there is no lei.nl sentenco what ever Hero is a power whioh is nbovo the law, and which assumes to be beyond question Every other power in the Constitution has its bounds, but this has none Every othar authority is written and known, but this is not Every other crime finds a place in some statute book , but the crime of breach of pnulogo is free from tlieso vulgar conditions It is what i s authors, and those interested ni it, may choose to make it Who over beard of so monstrous a poner ina free conn ry ? Who is safe from incarceration if Air Dill can bo imprisoned without legal nar rant? What more abominable tyranny is con cctvablo than the privilege of this House from free criticism-the privilege which punishes with a di ngeon any freo comment on an L L Smith, any unkind reference to n Levy. lhat the liberty of the press is liable to descend into licentiousness, is a post ion which needs no confirmation from the Assembly Tha any liberty is apt to become liaentiousness, «oma} perceive by tho examr. le of members themselves There is no guarantee attaunu imperfections, cither m the one privilege or the o her Tho one thing we deny is, that the House itself, which is necea saiily the principal subject of the criticism of the press, ethould pretend to decide what is hoerty ard u bat is licentiousness Wo protest agn ust any form of prmlece nbatever which gives to a number the right of saying how far he journalist muy go in reference to himself. The liberty of the press would be a northless and an empty boon under these conditions Tho members can- not bo allowed to be ol jeets nnd judges of the anticism, at the eamo time They cannot be tho sole and sufficient authority to decide whether any particular article is licentious or not What are the rules bj which tbo House is to decide upon thelicentiouaness of the presa? How far are the journals to be permitted to go, and where are they to s op ' Ia there to be no ridiculo at tho expense of members, no sarcasm at their follies, no exposure of ihesr conduct'' Is the press to say nothing but what is agreeable to members' What is this but a censorship of tbo press, moro vilo and intolerable than the Trench system of Miniatciml avertissements, because moro Uncertain, moie reckless, and more van able? But, cays Mr H eales, n member of Parliament dovotc8 much times and trouble to bis duties, nud ought to bo protected in his office Sn far as protection for liberty of speech and action goes no one would wish to restrict the pi i niege of members It has this protection already as an inhere nt nt,ht But is it not something monstrous to claim for members an immunity fron the very discussion which represents thtir rispousrbili y to the public9 There is no nay by «Inch ihodirect responstbil ty of members of Parliament can bo secured, than through the medium of the prta« To comment on tho ucls, the language, the do mcanour, nay, the niotneB of members-if they are to be got at-is the one treat and moa mi portant duty of tbo press Take ibis away, and the member ceases to have any reiponsibili y, thi press any function Against any abuse of this necessary privilege of the press, tho member has his remedy, as, every other ci izen If he is wrongfully accused, he his, first, the privtlego of setting himself nc,ht with the publio through tho tery columns of the ncnspapn , and, next, he may bring his action at law, if he pleases No further privileges aro required by he member, in order that he may do Ins duty 11 his country or his constituency Nor can the House, bodily or individually, bo injured byaiy contempt being thrown on its chaiuctcr or us proceedings Wbat et er its character is, must bo inado by itself, and tho journalist is poaerleas to afftolit, «hetlur for good or for evil No man can over be brought to contempt except by himself But no foi co of privilege can protect a Lsvy from contempt, or an L L Smith from disgust , and no power on earth can make a member a ruffian, if bo is not really BO Tbo press is only the echo of public opinion nhon it fixes the deserved contumely on its proper objects- «hen it does not rtfleo publio opinion it becoruoB harmless, even to a member ot Parliament Vor ourselves, wo havo reckoned tbo c st, and havo weiahtd the consequences i\ e shall not ceoso to call members by their right names and we Bhall try wbether thiro is tiny law iu the land which can stay this wholesome pic rogative (r-ROJI TUK AltOCS, MAÏ 7 ) If the hbeny of ibu subject had been assailed many direct form by the Crown in this colony, tho nhoto ba is of oui p ilitical system wouli have been shaken toitscentre IfthoSovereii,ii,tliroui,h her rep esenUttve, had attempted to deprive uuy citizen of his freedom, upon her own it airan t, «hat a stir would have been tundo throughout tho i length and rreadtb of the country ' If trial by jury or freedom of election were in danger, what au outpouring of patriotic indignation would v o not witness from the pcoplo of Vc ona! Yet who shall say that the outrago which has been committed on Mr Dill is a kau daring violation of our natural rights, or of less consequence to every man in this colony? If tho House of As seinbly can do this, under a charter bestowed by itself on itself, what can it not do, under ho name of pimlico? What English mounrch, since the dayB of ino Planta0enets, has ittemp iel so nb.->o luto a deed as that which has been done under tho Hpoaker s warrant ? What king has claimed I so vast a prero¿tttve' Uf whit laluo uro our boasted liberties of the subject, if there is a liberty which can oiernde any-a licenca to put drtwn licentiousness? Of what uso aro trial by jury and all our other forms of law, if Parliamont can do all that it claims to do, of its own will, and by its o.vn tarrant ? Of what ti ail is law itself, if it can be thus dcltuerilely cheated and openly seta>ide' Uns nuy ouo of our BO call d conservativo members of tho House duly con tidered v.hat (lim puniere is, which is bet in exercise against tho publisher of fhc A?¡/us] Have tho p opie, who aro tile stibjerts of this terrible potter, weiehod exactly l s consequences' If tho I louee can inlto up and imprison tho pub i lisher of a now»piper for an alleged libel, it bat is thcro that the House cat not do under the statute which it plcadb' If that precious i c, tho 20th Viotona, No 1 is go»d us against Mr Dill, where aro nu to look for its hunts' Aro tho journals of tho House of Oommons to bo tho charter of our Parliament s liberties " Why, thon, 'hin House can bo us tyrannical in the year 1862, as over the House of Commons his been muco the year 1Ö47 , for this is the date of tho unit Pirliatucntary j marni Ia it supposed that the only broutk of privil°ge which can be committed is that of pub liBhing libels against the House ? Is it believed that none but publishers need fear the power of the Houso ? The orcdulous publia are referred to tho Parliamentary journals If they desire a moro compendious view of what is meant by prt vilege, lot thom digest the toluuicaof Hatsell and of Wynn. A very brief course of study will undeceive I h oso who rest under tho notion thnt if is only the Press whioh is concerned m this pre sent quarrel. Tho difficulty is rather to know who is not an offender against privilege, and what is not an OÍTJDCO agatnBt the Houso The samo privilege which enables the House to imprison Mr Dill, gives it powei to apprehend and com mit any private person that it thinks fit That which is made to bo a- libel in tha columns of The Argus, may be interpreted is a libel if utttrod in the open stree or m a privato houso A man heard to speak disrespectfully of tho Houso at tho Cafó Parisien may mo seized and confined in tho Assembly s dungeon Any offonce whatever against a member may be taken notice of, and punished, by ti e same authority which interprets the law, pro nouncea the verdict, and chooseBtlio punishment, The journals of tho House of Commons cover »11 this ground, and a great dual moro, and the journals of tbe Houso of Commons, aro sot foith in the statute as containing Buffieicnt precedents for our local Legislature Thoro 19 no limit in theory to the power which has made Mr Pill prisoner Wo aro absolutely loft to tha discretion of the Houso 111 all matters winch the House may interpret to be breach of privilege. , This, it will bo acknowledged, is but a poor warrant that prmlogo will not bo abused Tho discretion of the HOUBC 1 Tho substance of n dream I-the essence of a skidow'-who «ill trust himself to tho disci etion of tho House ? Is the value of all our personal liberties to bo con- tained in Buch a formula ' Is this tho end and result of all our triumphs over tho absoluto principle - of our national struggles nc.atnst monarchy and feudalism and dim 0 r gilt ? Whit in the exact worth of our buthriuht, if tho free dom of be ouliect deptnds upon the discretion of tbeHouao? What is our boasted li«, if it gives us no redress agamst BO monstrous a tyrnnuy as this ? What is privilege itself but Bomo hing nbovo and ou sido tho lan ' What is the oxcuso for its introduction among a community such as this, which professes ti reierenoo for law na ono of tho I first of governing prinoiplcB? Law and privilege aro necessarily two conflicting powora, which can- not co exist. Wo must make up our minda a hielt shall bo master. If privilege pievails, thon a 1 great part of tbo office of law ia superseded, and 1 the will of either Houso of Legislature is suoiti tutcd for that deliberate voice of the country of which a statute is the expression. If law con quers, as we are bound to believe it will-as it tíittíí, sooner or later-then privilege will have to be limited, so as to tneludo nothing more than is absolutely, necessary to protect the freedom o£ the House against such interference'as may in-, terrupt legislation. It cannot be pleaded, in defence of the present monstrous claims of the House, that thero is ' no means oE defining privilege, so as to carry out tho obvious intention of the Constitution Act. What privileges are necessary, as much for the interest t of the people as of their representatives, can be j settled with as much easo as the standing orders of either House. I: being conceded by law that there already exist cer.ain inherent rights, so far as anything done within the walls of tho Assembly is concerned, it is surely no difficult matter to definr, that is, to set forth the limits of, theie rights beyond the walla of the House. With this view, the 35th clause of tho Constitution Act was properly worded as it is. The spirit of the clause is clearly that, first, no privilege shall bo assumed which has not been assumed by the House of Common*;, and, next, that auy par- ticular privilege, for which a Mttful precedent exists, shall not-exceed the samo privilege as ox ercised by the House of Commons. Now, what aro the privileges which ought to belong to our Legislature? The members being protected already in their freedom of discussion within the walls of the House-being privileged so far, indeed, as to invade the liberty of all other citizens by their license of speech, without legt I restraint or remedy- there aro no other privileges required except such as maybe necissai y to en- able the House to exercise its appointed func- tions. For nil purposes of legislation/' and io assist in any inquiry necessary to the public good, there is no doubt that the House ought to have power to summon persons to its bar, and, of course, to punish for contempt, for contuma- cious non attendance. But even in this latter case, it ou.ht not to bo allowed to tako the law into its own hands. Tho digoity of _ the House, is as well served by a judge administoiiug the law of the House's making, as though the House itself nere to assume the anomalous diameter of a judicial tribunal; while the liberty of the sub- ject would bo fully rCBpcetcd nud tho inds otT justice best served by such a course. A« to any offences, such as those of lit»-!, it is clear that tho House ought to have no privilego tvhatovir, if by' privilege is meant something which ia not law, and' which anyprivatepcrsonmay nothavc Tho Houso cannot be allowed to be competent or impar- tial judges in the matter of libels against it- self. Tho bar of the llouso is the worst possiblo place for jos ice to bo done, bocnuso it gives to the defendant, as of right, no opportunity for defence or jtus.ification. The Hotuo ia in no re- spect whatever a court of justxe, and it canuot nsaumo that character, with any advantage cither to its own dignity or tbo interests of the people. It is bound to carry all complaints, arising from offences commit ed ou sido its walls, to a court of law, where only fair-play can be secured for both parties. If tho law is either def co ivo or inopera- tive, it is fur the Houso to help to make it bettor« The courts aro as good for members cf Parlia- ment us for any other citizens ; and it is picpos terous to claim, in this onhghtencd age, and among a people reared in the liabits of liccdom, o prerogative derived from the early days of tho British Cons itution-from tho days it hen tho basis of that Constitution had not been sptllod, hut tho struggle was still pending bctweeu rho House of Commons, as the champions of the people on the ono side, and the kings, as as tertors of their divine light, on tho other. ' How can ne conclude better than by quoting those line lines of ono who wai himseli u Par- liament-man, when to be a Parliament-man waa to be a defender of tho rights of tho people? " Let not yuur King md Pnrllsmmt in one. MU'li ltst opart, ii.lttnko thiiiiiitlv«s for tin', Which IB Birst worthy to te ttn-ught tlain, \- Nor thins ttiey aro auomially tho «la'r. Let llij"« nut Ia« cj that tto'aal li rliy And privileges upm tnemthrown, Conferí'd, or io»oi up a majes y. & po4tr, or auloy if heir own 1 Bul let t lu m Ruo * 't w»s for a deeper life, Wiichtho.i bat rt/)'«i«it 1 hat toot o 'son i anti a >ot auguttcr thing, Vth'it though It b«, th n Fo'liatueut or Kiur." "Poor, splajfoo'ed doggrel," ns Cat lylo calla them, of poor, forgotten Georgo Wither, " very poor, but very grateful, pious, true, and on the whole noble." (FROM TUB AltaUS, MAY 20 ) ' The deep etymological interest which we' havtj in the «ord " doline" must bo our excuse for ra Í turning to tho consideration of Mr. Justice Chap manVjudgcment, eapecially wheioit bears upon the meaning to bo given to this nil-important word. As to the general oanons of interprétation, as luid donn hy tho judges, thero c«tn bo very little differenco of opinion. Tho rules for tbe construction of statutes aro unusually clear and sensible. They require nothing moro than what our cammoo senso must approve. Tiny demand tbat eveiy Rtatuto shall be interpreted so as to (ive "a full meaning to every word it con- tains. Every provision is to htví effect, if effect can possibly bo Riven to it. The words of a Maltito arc to bo interpreted in their ordiuaiy and grammatical feme, when not technically used, orothorwiso bearing a speci- fic meaning. The spirit of tho law is to bo ga bored from its «ords, «nd not from any presumption of the objects of its makers onisido the let er. lu any caue of doubt, the judges »re to be guided by its letttr to tho discovery of it« menning. .Besides tbi'fio pouernl maxims, thero are others more particularly bearing upon tbo ease in point, which have not escaped the at cntion of the authorities.- Whcro power of a wide or nuvel naturo is give», apparently against the spirit of tho common law or the liberty of the tu'jeet, the judge is required to tako especial eave in giving uothiug but the literal effect to < very provi- sion. " Whore thero is any ambiguity, the construc- tion must bet in favour of ihn public." Ir. was held by Ch.cf Justicii Tindal (Parier v. Me Great Western liaihcay Company), that, "nets confer- ring great privileges upon companies, for which tiny profess to givo the public certiyn advan- tages iu rotttrn, Bliould bo construed slrietly against tho parties obtaining thom, but liberally in fiitour of tho public." " A stnlulo crea ing a new jurisdiction ought to ho construed strictly, and tho j iriudiction of the superior cotirti is nat to be ousted but by cxprLBS words or nccDscnry implication." [Dwarris, p. G52.) Avnin, penal statutes aro toieceivo a strictly literal interpre- tation. " Tho general words of a ponai statute shall bo restrained for the benefit of him ngniust whom the penalty is ¡Lflietod," says tbo uutho ri y last quo'ed. These received maxima of tho law will assist us in estimating tho valuo of Air. Chap- man's interpretation of tho word "define," in its "luoso and popular souse," iu a cluuso directly bearing upon tbo liberties of UM subject, oreatin;» expressly a now jurisdiction, and the effect of which is certainly punnl, to far as regard* Hie offendors ngoinst privilege, ¿oqucn dum est ut vulffus, sajs tho old nuuiority ; here it may be Bitid, vulgtis locutus est. Every prin- ciple of common sense, not to speak of law, is violated in ¡jiving a " loose and popular" menn- ing to that which is especially required to bo interpreted Rtrictly and grnmma'iolly. Where is the difficulty of «-o construing t):o wcrd " doline," and yet keeping within tbo plain intent of tuo_ framors of tho Constitution Act, so far as it is to bo gathered from the general tenor of 38 and 19 Viot., c. 55 ? A puroly scion | tifio definition, says Sir. Chapman, is impossible ; yet, h there no medium between the purely scientific and tho "loose aud popular" senso ? There u no necessity forgiving cit'icr lets'or moro bUnification to (ho word " define" than is strictly warranted by etymology and neoeptod . «sago. But tho ordinary and propor moan- ing of " defino," in on nut of Parliament, v{0 contend, is not " describe," or " ascertain," rta Mr. Chapman would make it. Wo nood not go beyond the definitions of what is a definition,' ps quoted by Mr. Iroland, with so much labour, 'from tho dictionaries. Wo tako tho word to have, from a comparison of all tho authorities, timply its primitive and natural force, which is " to set forth tho limits of," or, " to explain by qualities and circumstances," as Johnson has it. To attach an indefinito and illimitable meaning to definition itself, is, indeed, a curious outrago, not only upon etymolof y, but upon common sense. " If the framer« of the Cons itution had intended that tbo privileges should bo specified or enumerated," says Mr, Chapman, " I am of opinion that thoy wbuld have UEcd Ihoso wordB." But " specify or 'enumerate" is just as forced « moaning for " defino" in ono direction, ns " describo" is In ano her. It is surely possiblo to give tho word " defino" its natural meaning, and yet con- ceive that tho fminers of tho act had ¿o idea of giving to our Parliament what tho judges have given to ir. Adrni ting tin', wo arti uot at liberty to gather the intention of tho Imperial Legisla'ure, except from within tho four comers of the Constitution Act, it is still clnar that it could never havo intended that tho word " défini)" should bo used in any "looso and popular sensr." What would havo been easier for tho Parlir.mont of Euglnnd. if its object was til give »U tho pri- vileges of tho Houso of Commons to Hie IVrlia I montcf Victoria, than to mtiko the gift ¡nfrxpress terms? Of tho two hypotheses, it is certainly moro incrediblo that the Impsrfol Parliament should not havii direotly expressed its intention | to tliiR e-ffict (if such wore i's intention) in tho body of the Cimtitution Act itself, tlmn that it should have used tho word " difino" in ii» strict | and grammatical sonne. Why should n<«t tim privilèges havo boon granted- directly, if it was I the object of tho Tramera of tho act that they should be granted It is not material to our argument to tiefend the torms of tho 3.jtli olauso of tho Consti- tution Att; nor ero wo bound to admit that _ is a wiso and proper provision, or even that it can bo carried out lenallv. Wo do not justify the commission ; wo simply contend that it bos uot been complied witb. Wo hold that it is.im 1 possible strictly to comply with tho .terms cf tho 135th olauso of the Constitution Act, and that it would bo extremely undesirable that, the '»p -jpswent'purport of- it should be carried out,: \ Yoi "?"-this opinion leaves ns'frra to nautmd that t\<> ia.c-'20th Viet, 2ÏJ. 1, is ÍLValid '.»xid of ndforo8 -that it is not even an attempt to comply with ¡the [rrqulrcmen's of the Constitution Act, bit a cluniny evasion of the task imposed. Tüoiigh the intention of tho Constitution Act may ha locto and vague, yet it does not follow that wo are to bo equally looso and vague in comply- ing with its directions. Tho common-sense ex- planation of the word "define"'appears to us ,to bo this: the Imperial Parliament has laid down certain boundaries within whioh the Par- liament of Victoria may desoribe and speoify it i Privileges, provided that no single privilège shall exceed its equivalent as enjoyed by theHouu of Commons. According to this acceptatiai tho word " define " is used properly an 1 in a natural sense. You may define your priri- ' leges. Bays the Constitution Aot, but in the del ¿iticn you shall not exceed the limits of the pri- vileges of the House of Commons. The opini ii of the judges that this implies, you may ta 11 < very thing without definition that the House of Commons, has taken, is clearly against comuna sense, if not against law. The 35tn clause of fio Constitution Aot gives permission to our Parin meut, in setting forth what its privileges are, to runga up to certain bounds; but it does, not ne cese-a-rily imply that, by a bare reoital of thojj Txmitds^ tho Victorian Parliament acquires all the privilèges tvithout definition which may bj contained within them. It is impossible, WJ maintain, to arrive at a precise and legal know led, e of all tho privileges of the House of Com- mons-to know now far thoy have a vital exist- ence, and bow far they aro null and of no effeol, in the eye of the law, if not of the House. The condition imposed by the British Parliament is, therefore, a very proper one, and one whioh it ii easy to comply; with, up to tho point whera anything certain can bo known 'of what ii privilege The word " define " is clearly used as a summary modo of expressing the alscissio infiniti, whioh was the object of the clause. The process by which the judges would have us aatertain what is or is not a privilege in Victoria, is «io of the loosest portions of this very loose and disjointed judgement. " The court, when .occasions arito, must take OJ.ro that the boundary is not overstepped," Bays Mr. Chapman: "the court must solve each difficulty as it occurs," If the court hore is able to do so, the oourt can do something more than has ever been done at homo, for we do not find that the judges have succeeded in establishing a boundary to!the pri- vilege of the House of Commons. The judges lavo tried it many cases, and have failed in all. U'he House of Commons has never submittod its chñmB of privilege to the judges, but holds them on its own declaration. How, then, can thi judges do hero what the judges at home have never been able to do ? Can they release their ?t-'l'.eriff, if the Assembly chooses to imprison him? Can tney release themselves, should the Hous i il.i, k fit to commit them for adjudioatin : cn privilege at, all ? The logical dilemma. ii- n hich tho judges are involved by this decision «a iii be apparent to any man of common Bonse. ¿-'¿ting constituted tbomselves interpreters of ii'iilcgo oa each eise as it occurs, they har J assumed an office which bus never been assume 1 bj the judges at home, and which is in itself t dis'tct infraotion of privilege. If the Victorian Parliament has the privileges of the House uf Commons, then it necessarily has that chief ort vilegeof all, of being the solo judge of its privi- leges. If there are to be no privileges exoept what tho judges declare to be suoh, then thi Victorian Parliament is left with something len and other than the prorogative whioh is said to be conveyed in the ¿5th clause of the Constitu- tion Act and the Privilege Aot. The judges can- not adjudicate on any claim of privilege without infringing ono of the privileges which they have themselves declared by this judgement to belong to the Victorian Parliament. Into what a mesa of absurdities, therefore, aro we driven by tho attempt to read the word " define " in its "loose smct popular sense." ' It is not our business to reconcile the contra- dictions whioh ariso out of this case, or to sug- gest how the Imporial aot is to be complied with, so as to meet every requirement. Wo simply contend that the interpretation, as given through Mr. Chapman, is contrary to law, to common «ense, and to the spirit, if not the letter, of tha Constitution Aot. We maintain that the Privi- lege Act is not to be inlerpretod at all-that it is not a compliance with tbo statute, and, therefore, null and of no effect. No meaning oan be given to it, because it is not capable of any, ana any attempt to put it in force is Bimply an outrage upon tho public common sense, if it is not au insult to the House of Commons. There is no power on earth which can carry out such a law as that whioh the jua gea have laid down ; and, as we have shown, tho judges themselves may ba rendered powerless to give any further interpre- tations of its provisions. In these circumstances, we can havo no misgiving as to the fate of privi- lege when carried before the only competent tribunal in the empire for a final decision. THE GOLD-FIELDS. On most of the gold-fields the miners have had rain enough to give them water for present use, although in places tho supply is yet very scanty« The escott returns are improving in consequence of the opportunity thus afforded of washing up the dirt accumulated through the summer, but the yield has in many cases fallen short of whs, .was anticipated, and the increase is not so great as it should bave been. Many of our miners aro still going to tho Lachlan, and taking up claims there, or sotting to work on some of the other i diggings in New South Wales, none of the late dis ooveriea on our fields offering any sufficient induce- ment for thom to stay. At the Lachlan, the great majority of the miners havo yet to live in hope, . but lhere ÍB tbo probability of more rioh leads being oponed up in time, and quartz-crushing ii about ,lo bo commenced. On this side of the border wo havo had no discoveries lately of any special importance, but tbo moro that is learned of the very rough and almost inaccessible tract of mountainous country from whioh the Goul- burn, Yarra, and some of the Qipps Land rivers rise, the more evident it becomes that therein is a gold-field of vast oxtcnt, and containing at least Borne very rich deposits and leafs. It is now como months since we had to announos tho taking up of rioh claims for a distance of ten or twelve miles along the banks of a river of some size, found acci- dentally by a party of mon crossing from Qippi Land to the Upper Goulburn, and until a tew days since it was doubtful into which of tha " known rivers this ran, or oven on which side of the Dividing Range it was situated. Many sup " posed it to bo one of the hoads of the Yarra, but st has now been followed down to its junction with the Thomson, and communication by com- paratively easy tracks will be at once opened up from that Bide. Up to tho present time, overythin r ' bad to bo taken across very steep ranges on pack horses from the Jamieson, at great exponso, otr . ing to the difficult íes of the road, and the aoaroity of feed, and it was becoming doubtful whetho. , the number of miners on tho ground could b i ' arupplied with provisions throughout the winters; . any price, but on tho Gipps Land Bide feed for , working animals is tolorabiy abundant, and dray t ' can be talton within a fow miles of the diggings, ' so that all danger of the miners being starred ou . is at an end. Still, tho winter is only just com- mencing, and the heavy rains and snow-storm« will prevent much from being done for somi months, either in iho way of exploria; the country around, or of extracting the f;old. Already, however, gold has boot ound in quantity in some of the creek) running into the Jordan, and as a largo numbs of our most adventurous miners have now fairly located themselves with advantage in the very , heart of tho mountains, moro will be learned o' ' the gold fields therein during tho next summer than wo havo been able to ascertain during thi last ten years. The alluvial deposits in the bed of the Jordan aro tho riohost yoe opened arnon{ those ranges to the houtkword of the once famous .. Snowy River, while on tho Goulburn side of tin , Dividing Range extremely rich quartz veins Lave been worked for some timo past, ho wo may still expect tho most important discoveries to be rondo, as the streams an traced upwards towards the common souroi whence thoso flowing to both sides derive their gold. Such results have always been looked to with confidence by thoso who have studied the subject, but in such a country, so inaccessible and impôt »ious, owing to tho denso sorub and , lieavy timber, and so cold and w o'during half tbe year, the advance of the miners must need« be slow. Nonq of the la'e rushes to now groan I ' «in the older fields have turned out particularly well; that is io any, nono of the spots so taken u i promise to afford employment to any great nura DOT of people, ¡ilthoush tomo me tolerable* rich, as far ai they go. liol have mon »bau a very inottorate nutnbrr of prizes in tu, i ' shape of nuggets boon turned up, thoa i " of any BIZO becoixmi,.' apparently more rare fron month to month. Tho largest of which we bav J any account weighed 02oz., and was found a', Greswiok ; one of 53cz. having also been foun t in the Smythesdale distric. In tho neighbour- hood of Dunolly several wore found, the large«'. of which woighed ilOoz , nud the remainder fro ii 20oz. downwards, Oua of BOoz. was also fouu t at Jones's -Creek, and beyond these wo canns ; \- recall to mind any worthy of special mention. Most of the crushing mills aro get ring to work ) again, now that the rainy season has corni round, but as nuggets aro becoming mon scarce, so are the large yields from quartz. \- One lot of five tons, however, from tbe -' Pyrenees Reef, yielded 102oz" and another lot of fire tons and a half producodl02oz. lOdwt. Inglewood must also have credit for some gool jiclds, although none equal to thoro of former _ ?"days.' Thru,one lot of ninety-three tons from los Morning Star Reef, yielded,3Q4os, "andanother lot of twenty tons from the same reef, 91oz. it dwt., and a third lot of fifty-three tons, 22ioi. Eighty-six tons from Maxwell's «Reef produced 2D3oz., and ninety tons from the Jersey Roof 176oz. Exoepting one of lOSoz. lOdwt. from twenty eight tons, the good yields' in the Bin 1 digo distriot were moBtly from email parcel* of « stone, suoh as 49oz. from two tons ont of a newly-discovered reef, 20oz. 5dtrt. fiom two toni out of another reef, and so on; and nearly th) same thing may be saidof the Castlemaine distrioi. Three tonB there from a new reof produced 20JZ., and three tons from a lately- discovered vein on th« White Horse Reef, 39oz. Ten tons from a olain at Golden Point gave 45oz,, and 11 tons fro 11 Bullock Reof, 28oz. lOdwt. j but in this dtstria; , the quantity of stone crushed during the latí few weeks has not been great. One yioll 'worthy of its former character has been ob- tained from the Cross Reef at Pleasant Creek, little heard of now, namely SOOoz. from 12) tons of stone. The Postmaster- General, win nos espeoial ohargo of the minino; department, having been lately applied to for information at to the yield of gold from quartz raised fr«n different doptbs, a memorandum was pre- pared from the returns sent in monthly by the mining surveyors, but as those a;<i notoriously incomplete and unreliable document', the information obtained from them is of a similar oharaotor. Still, something is to be glean id from these returns, and, from the memorandu n we learn that of 350,409 tons of quartz crushed in 1861, the yield was 299,482oz. 13dwt., or aa average of 17dwt. 2gr. to the ton. lu the pre- vious year, the yield from the very much smaller quantity accounted for by the surveyors was at the rate of 18dwt. 22gr., and tho j car before that 1 loz. 4dwt 8gr. As to the yield from different depths, little or nothing is to be learned from this memorandum, as the surveyors have f urnishod in- formation on this point with regard to but a few oE the lots of quartz crushed, and theso manifestly not affording a fair criterion to judge by, for the yield from the whole of them is far oelow the avoraga from the total quantity given before. Thus the atone raised from tho surface to a depth of fifty feet is said to have produced 9dwt. 13¿r. to the ton ; that from 50ft. to 100ft., 15Jwt. 13gr. ; that from 100ft. to 150ft., lldwt. 22. r. ; that from 150ft. to 200ft., 12dwt. 3zr. ; that from 200ft. to 300ft., 12dwt, 8gr. ; and that from 300ft. to 400ft, 12dwt. 8gr. These returns would make it appear that as the depth of sinking below 150 feet in- creases, there is an improvement rather than a falling off in the yield ; but they must be taken for what they are worth, as many of the com- panies or working parties either withhold infor- mation on these points ontiroly from the sur- veyors, or purposely give it incorrectly. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. Tho returns of the immigration department for the months of March and April have at length been published. The arrivals at all ports of the colony during March numbored 4,087, and the departures 3,113, tho balance being m favour of the oolony by 974. Of the arrivals, 3,009 wera adult males, 793 adult femalos, 146 male and 139 female children. Of the departures, 2,148 were adult malos, 564 adult females, 209 male and 192 fe male children. Of the arrivals, 4,061 landed at the port of Melbourne, Oat tbo port of Geelong, sud 20 at all other ports. The departures were all from Melbourne. We learn from the April returns that 3,186 persons arrived in the colony by the seaboard, consisting of 2,689 adult males, 315 adult females, 85 male and 67 female ohildren ; sod that 2,859 persons took their departure, of whom 1,829 were adult males, 576adult females, 242 male and 212 female children. Tho inter- colonial migration was in favour of the colony of Viotoria by 1,240 persons. The arrivals from Kew Zealand numbered 1,993, while the do Îiartures for that colony were only G78. In the ollowing digest of tno return, the migratory movements of the population will be found ia detail: New South Wales.. South Australia .. Tasmania .. New Zealand Total neighbouring colo- nies .. United Kingdom .. Foreign ports Totals .. Dcduot doorcase Hot immigration 1G04 954 801 In the following table the arrivals and departure! are given monthly for tho current year, oom pared with the corresponding periods of 1861 : Do parted. parted, January .. I ebruary,. March ., April 2,710 1,283 2,286 1,850 1,810 1,790 2,456 1,902 4,02a 2,831 4,037 8,186 6,419 8,200 8,113 2,859 7,038 8,021 7,633 11,183 11,021 14,021 On Wednesday evening the resolutions to b] proposed in behalf of the Oovornment on this subjeot wore submitted to the Legislativo As- sembly by the Commissioner of Customs, who at the sarao time gave notioo of his intention to move them contingent on the vote of £120,000 lor the introduction of immigrants being passed ; and it has been evident, from the attitude of tho Minis try in the matter, that they have been ex I tremoly anxious that the vote should reoeive the sanction of the Assembly in time for mtelligenoj j of the fact reaohing England by the present I mail. The resolutions are briefly these :-The sum of £120,000, granted in all, will be divided into different proportions for difieient purposes. There will bo set aside, under the first clause of tho first resolation,]£65,0?0 towards defraying the expenses of introducing from the United Kingdom portons nominated by friends or relatives resident in tha colony, while under the second clause £40,00.) will be provided for sending out single female! and persons nominated in the United Kingdom. Again, in clause three, there will bo £5,000 ap- propriated for the introduction from Italy, Spun, and the South of France, of persons, with their families, who are skilled in the production of wini or oil, and in the drying or preservation of fruit. In the fourth clause the proportion of the grant will bo £3,000 towards paying the expenses of an exaotly similar class of poraons to that namoi in clauso threo, also with their families, bat who shall have been nominated by residents in the colony; and under the fifth olauso U7,0JJ will bo sot aside for the payment of gratui- ties of Burgeons and officers of Government immigrant ships, and tho oxpense of carrym,' out the resolutions themselves. The aeojnd ro solution embraces the payments in detail in ti i introduction of immigrants. It provides, first -it all, that tho following tunis shall be payable 11 advance with respect to persons nominated ni Victoria under the first clauso, and who shall bo British subjects, free from any mental or bodily dtfeot, and of good character :-Malts nu l-ir twelve years of age, £4 ; twelve, and uuder forty, £8 : and forty and upwards, £0 ; fern tltts undor twelve years of age, £3; twelve, uni under forty, £4; and forty and upwards, Uj. Again, it is provided that upon the arrival of por- tons introduced under tho fourth clauso of tho first resolution, tho Oovcrniucnt may pay to tin selector, in partial reimbursement of passa;« nioney, a sum not exoecding £12 per a atuti adult. The next provision of ibis, tho seoni I resolution, is. that until the 31st October passage warrants shall be issued for natives of Ilnglatii, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales in proportion t) the numbor of persons resident in Viotoriafron these countries respectively, and that tho person i selected in the United Kingdom shall be aB nearly as possiblo in proportion to the population of tha . respectivo divisions of the old country, Englaai ' and Wales, Ireland and Scotland. The last prn [ vision of all is simply that the Governor i i Councilshall be empoaoied to issue regulation ! to give effect to the foregoing résolu'ions. Tites i ' resolutions, submitted m accordance with tin notice given by tho Commissioner of Cultoras oi 1 Wednesday, engaged tho attention of tho As | ecnibly in their short sitting last night, ind won j adopted after soma little unimportant disatissioa. One part of tho v\ bolo Government tcnema is, ' that a sum of £5,000 shall be sot usido for tia I employment of immigration lecturers in the oil t couutiy. To this voto, however, it is possible ! there may bo a good deal of opposition on th) [ part of sevoral members of the Absembly. AGRICULTURE. | Since the weather has broken, the farunrs bate had a most favourable season for gettla? in the grain, and a wide extent of laud lus been already sown. Heavy showers are succeeded oy fine and warm days for tho time of year, so tb.it tho braird is strong, and the growth of grass rápido It was feared tbat fat stoek would have been very scarce after snob a dry autumn,'but, although the quality Is of course not so good as might be desired, the market« are fully ¡sup- plied with both sheep and cattle fit for the j batcher. The owners of the latter description.'' 'of stock,are mostly,anxious to dispose of whti Ihey can/as the desire to replace thom with, shea? Blili continues, and the exchange is being gradu- ally made on all runs which from tho nature of ground aro capable of carrying either. Thai gcod breeding eves have long been in steady de- mand, and'tho effect of this change mast bl highly satisfactory to all concerned in the wo ii Irado in England, as they will have each year t {.itatly increased supply from us. There is ni probability of meat ever becoming high in priij here again, and under these circumstances shod) will always pay better than cattle The fetr of pleuro-pneamonia has had its share inbringtar nbout the change, but of late the progress of thu disease ha« been slow, a few cases appearing hi-, and there among oarriera' bullocks, or in s ra t'l dairy herds; ana as inoculation has been trie I, and with the promise of being effectual, as a pr , ventive at |least, if not as a cure, we may a it suffer such grievous loss in the large herds vi was at one time feared. Like tho squatters, tin farmers too are turning their attention more a 11 more to sheep, and as they mostly prefer t\> larger varieties, and will breed from the Oo'.i wo!dB and Leicester«., their efforts will tail p: in ci pally to increase the supply of strong combing wools. As a natural consequent cf this steadily increasing desire for stook on the part of the farmers, gross seeds an in great demand, and much of the tilled lan I will be laid down in pasture this whiter. Still, new land is being broken up, so that we need look for no diminution in the number of acres under grain, but rather for an increaso in the averaja 5 i cid of such crops, as the mode of farming im- proves and the folly of expeoting remunerativa white crops from land in bad order becomes .moro apparent. We have not yet tho abstract of tho statistical rctuniB for last year to show what pro tress has been made during that, but its publica- tion may be looked for daily, ai most of the collectors' returns have been sent in. Tiloso meetings of so much interest to most farmers, tho ploughing watches, have com- menced, and aro being held in all the agricultural districts of the colony. The long-wished-for Distillation Bill is now before Parliament, and, large and comprehensive as it is, the Assembly uro getting it quickly disposed of without much alteration or discussion. The differential duty in favour of spirits made from malt, grain, or other produce of the country, is to be 4s. a gallon, and this has been objected to as not sufficient to benefit the farmer, althou.h it may lead to the establishment of distilleries in a few cf the principal towns. What the farmers, of course, want to see is a demand created for their grain at something like remunera- tive prices, but that they cannot well expeot rtith the proposed rato of duties. The distillers must have their profits, and these pretty large too, so that with a difference of only 4s. a gallon in their favour they will not be able to offer «uch prices as sound grain fetohes even now. However, it is quite time that a commencement it as made in supplying from home-grownproduoe at least a part of the great annual consumption of spirits, and this will be possible under tho bill now goiug through Parliament, amend- ments on which may perhaps bo attempted at a future time with more prospect of suooest. By this winemakers pre to be permitted to distil spirits from grapes, for the fortifying of their wines, free from duty- that is to say if they ara occupiers of two acres of vineyard and upwards, «nd such spirit may be added to the wine in the proportion of two gallons to ten. Against the granting of this permission to such an extent many objections might be raised, the first of which is, that our colonial wines, having plenty of body, would be utterly spoiled by such an ad- mixture. Then, this remission of duty on so largo a proportion of spirit will bo an induce- ment to vineyard owners to prepare these strong wines for the manufacturers ia town, who otu with such a basis produce adulterated artioles to suit the most depraved tastes. Holders of ten acres of vineyard and upwards are to be allowed lo distil brandy for sale, after obtaining: a licence and complying with certain requirements as to buildings, tee,, and on this the regular duty will have to DO paid. Licences must also be obtained by th oso winemakers who wish to distil their o wn spirit, heavy recognizances must be entered into, stills must bo of a certain size and erected in a partioular manner ; in short, distillation of every kind is to be carried on only under restrictions imposed by a complete system of excise. The vine-growers in the neighbourhood of Geelong have jost formed themselves into an association for the purpose of procuring the best information as to the theory and practice of their business, to study the interest ot their class generally, and just, now to urge on tho Government the intro- duction of vine-dressers from Europe, and as- certain how the services of really useful men of I this sort aro to be procured, SPORTING. Tho legitimate turf season may now be said to bavo come to a conclusion,'the Tallaroop and Eil rrjoremeotingBbavingbeen'thelastof the provincial gatherings whioh call for notice, and these have fallen far behind the glories of former years. The attention of the Melbourne sportsmen was drawn away to Sydney in the beginning of May, and a considerable number of thom visited Randwick Course ; for, singularly enough, the metrópoli) of New South Wales holds i's principal meeting in the beginning,'of the winter season. No Vio 'tenían horses, however, appeared upon the Boona of action. The Fifth Australian Champion Stakes, to be run st Geelong on Wednesday, October 1st, (500 povB. added to a sweepstakes of 100 so vs.), has twenty-four nominations, ¡noluding fifteen three-year-olds. The total number of entries is e xftctly that of tho first Champion Stakes run in Melbourne in 1859 ; and in the forthcoming event Now South Wales and South Australia am lioth represented ; although Now Zealand and Tasmania, both of whioh colonies sent horses here on tho formor occasion, havo not entered tiuy for this year's race. Tho crloket season having terminated, the various football olubs of the metropolis and r uburb-s have reappeared in full vigour, and the game appears to havo lost none of the popularity it attained last year. A now metropolitan rowing olub has boen formed, under good auspices, and aquatic exer- cises and amusements will probably soon receive ti larger amount of attention from the youthful manhood of Victoria than during the past six months, during which their leisure hours have 1 cen BO largely occupied by the noble game of cricket. Seveial new four-oared outriggers have i cccntly been launched for the various boating clubs, and the superior build of these has been Fn much admired, that it may be almost assumed that the disposition to purohaso Thames-built boats at a high figure has received a fatal check. AMUSEMENTS. The opera season at the Theatre Royal con- cluded on the 13th instant, after a successful duration of three months, during which period rome of the best works of the Italian, German, end English composers have boen presented, with »s much efficiency as is practicable in a country so remote from Kurope, and so limited, compara- tively speaking, in its musical resources as our CM n. On the occasion of Madame Lucy Eacott'« benefit "II Trovatore" was performed, with, Mndnmo Stuttaford as Leonora, and the lévéficiaire as Azucena. A finer piece of aot jug and vooal declamation has never been witnessed on the colonial stage than in the latter choraoter as sustained by Madame Eacott, and it called forth an amount of enthusiasm from the audtenco such as is rare' ' oiinced within the walls of a Melbourne theatre On the last night of tho season an unexpootei and gratifying compliment was paid to Mr. Lyster, tho manager, by the members of hil company, who presented him with a handsome silver claret jug and salvor, suitably insoribod, ia recognition of the subscribers'senBe of his ex- emplary conduot towards them. The interior of tho theatre is at thU moment undergoing a com- plete transformation, preparatory to its bein«; opened this ovening for promenade concerta et li Jullien, The pit has been boarded over, the stage eonvorted into an elegant saloon, and tha programme includes tho names of the ohief members of tho operatic troupe, and the best boloistsLof the orchestra. At tho Princess's Theatre, "Our American CotiRiu," with Mr. Joseph Jefferson as As» Trenchrtrd, and Mr. Stowart as Lord Dundreary, has enjoyed a run of twenty-eiritf nights; a cir- cumstance unprecedented in this city. Thanks to tho admirable manner in whioh the lending character has been played, and the general strength of the cast,' the oomedy has attained an amount of popularity in Melbourne such as was never before nch'toved by any dramatie produc- tion. Numbers of persons have witnossed its performance half a dozen times, and its repetition does not appear to have dulled the edge of onjoy ment. At Marsh's Lyceum a juvenile company is presenting a drainatiq version of " Uncle Tom's Cabin "and tho care bestowed upon ita produc- tion and embellishment has rendered-the per- formance attractive and remunerative. The nr r theatre iu Bourko-street, whioh is to bo denominated the Haymarket, and is to bo con- structed on the model of tho new Adelphi Theatre in y.o'idon, is belog actively proceeded with, and the fiont, or tavern portion is nearly ojm pleted. The Muiioal Union, in conjunction with tho vocalists and instrumentalists of the opera com- pany, have given two concerts of sacred muslo of a very superior character; the works exécutai havirg been Beethoven's Symphony No. 2 in D, Rossini's " Stabat Mater," and the " L'tbra n,r g " of Mendelssohn. -The performances, whiobl ' wet e conducted by Messrs. Reiff and Pringle, wera of unusual merit, and betokened the great f.d v*iioe which musical art has made in this city within the last few years. COMMERCIAL. Punctually to the Post-office time-table, the Pt »insular and Oriental Steam Navigation Cotn prny's steamship Northam arrived in Hobson's Buy, on the 10th instant, with the English'Maroh mails, and with dates by electrio telegraph to tho 4th of April, The news was very eagerly licked for, and the arrival of the steamer on tho day of her becoming duo was the source, of ge- neral congratulation, ____^ The European advicoB ¡received by this mail have had the effeot of rendering the Australian markets buoyant and aotive, and have con- tributed, in some measure, towards're-eatabllshing confidence. The low rates ruling for money in London had not led to any inoreaBO of ship« ments to the colonies, and holders have found themselves in a position to support the 'market with' loss hesitation, because, with less risk. The successful termination which has teen achieved for the Victorian Railway Loan in the London market, has been felt here. Money has been easier, and landed property appears to have touched tho lowest point to which it ha? been driven by the over-speculation of past years. The consumption of luxuries has steadily de- clined, as will be seen from the tables whioh follow, but at tho same time production has in- creased. Tho great mass of consumers have been more steadily employed, and although the catninga of meohanioal and skilled labour have, perhaps, boon less, habits of eoonomy have sprung up with the increasing comforts of a herne ly charaoter, which are daily becoming mora accessible to the industrious of all classes-to the miner as well as to the citizen. The falling-off in the consumption of luxuries cannot, when the ratio of this consumption per head is compared with that of other colonies, be regarded as other than a healthy symptom. The banking averages for the first quarter of tho year have boon published in the Gazette Tho following is a statement of tbo aggregate averages of the nine banks and branches carrying on business in the oolony of Victoria, compiled, from the offioial returns. The liabilities and assets represent transactions within the colony. The last three items include the capital, profils, and dividends of all the branches of the several establishments, The average of tho lost half yearly dividends deelared was at the rate of ten and a third per cent, on the capital paid up. Kotos in circulation. £1,612,480 Bills in circulation. 80,909 Balances duo to other banks. 210 582 Deposits not bearing Interest .. .. 4,326 702 DcpoBitB bearing Interest. 2,802 790 Total amount of liabilities. 8,003,468 Coin . 1,731,862 Bullion and ba.-s . 611,090 landed property . 618,005 Kotos and bills of other banks .. .. 95,185 Balances duo from other banks ,. .. 182,738 Government securities . 87,078 Dobts due to the banks, Including notes, bills of exchango, and all stock and funded debts, oxcept notes, bills, and balances duo from other banks .. .. 9,133,887 Total amount of assets . 12,847,878 Amount of capital stock paid up .. ,. 0,609,838 Amount or last di vhlonds declared.. .. 852,005 Amount of reserved proflts. 1,334,334 Thesejtotals compare not unfavourably with those of the previous quarter. The circulation has been brought within narrower limits, and the stocks of gold and bullion have decreased, while the depo- sits have been more than maintained. Taking the items separately, we find a decreaso in notes in circulation of £107,731, a decrease in bills ia circulation of '£3,314, an inorease in deposits not bearing interest of £74,423, an increase in depo- sits bearing interest of £62,460, an inorease in to- tal amount of liabilities of £104,092, a decrease in coin of £68,879, a decrease in bullion of £96,520, an increase in landed property of £7,963, in increase in Government securities of £8,521, a decrease in debts due to the bank of £400,032» a decreaso in total amoant of liabilities ol' £510,501, an increase in capital of £80,858, an increase in the amount of last dividend of £10,000, and an increase in the amount of re- served profits of £17,542. In the following tablo the aggregate averages of the nine banks aro given quarterly for the years 1860 and 1861, for the purpose of affording the means of a fuller com- parison. In this case, also, the last three itemi refer to the entire capital accounts of the insti- tutions ; the remainder to transactions within the colony : Slid Quarter, 1860. Bro Quarter, 1th Quarter, 1st Quarter, 1861. 2nd Quarter, Srd Quarter, 1th Quarter, Notes In circulation Bills do. Deposits, not bearing in- terest Do., bearing interest Total liabilities .. " Coln Bullion Landed property.. Government securitios Debts due to banks Total assets Paid-up capital .. Amount of last dividend Reserved profits .. £ 1,005,846 71,177 1,106,251 5,637,103 0,188,388 1,867,690 682,224 408,4« 29,673 9,108,541 12,564,06S 6,097,071 423,681 1,252,688 £ 1,831,686 60,471 2,810,163 4,772,978 9,664,064 2,068,347 753,183 181,003 11.S50 9,232,157 12,863,76(5 6,186,718 113,531 1,248,202 £ 1,834,271 63,104 1,293,066 2,932,661 9.233,731 2,141,109 619,405 506,682 11.421 !),206,42S 12,0e3,726 0,134,687 348,029 1,248,202 £ 67,803 1,636,349 2,786,011 9,448,842 2,210,827 444,854 192,325 48,897 9,078,425 12,593,487 6,209,907 810,520 1,263,933 £ 1,760,992 67,756, 4.1 2,67i;630 9,199,557 2,262,887 659,746 497,281 64.607 9.286,323 12,898,831 6,226,731 . 361,363 1,278,497 £ 1,661,4 1,311.889 2.807,450 8,987,628 2,012,473 481,33« 500,647 62,052 0,451,017 12,774,573 6,803,178 364,363 1,205,637 £ 1,650,211 1,252.279 2,740.380 8,859 371 1,850.731 640.610 610.132 78,657 9,538,419 12,857,879 6,129,025 312\. COS l,8'ü,793 For the purpose of affording the means of a fuller comparison, we give a table exhibiting the returns of each brink separately for the firs'; quarters of this year and its predecessor : BAHR 07 AUSTRALASIA. First Quarters. NotcB In circulation Bills in circulation , Deposits, not bearing lutorest Do., bearing interest Total liabilities Coln . Bullion. Landed property Í o'. >« and bills o! other banks Debts duo to tbo bank Total assets. 1801. £341.437 13,677 050,809 126,924 1,732,837 76,647 99,190 15,451 1,541,818 2,021,881 BAKU OP Vicronu. Kotos in circulation .. .. £850,867 Bills in circulation' .. .. 10,673 DoposltB,notboaringinterost 811,661 Do., bearing üitorost.. ..' 167.670 Total liabilities .. .. 1,602.870 Coln . 147,967 Bullion. 03,084 Landed proporty ... .. 84,883 Notes and bills of other banks 11,877 Debts duo to tho bank .. 1,666,504 Total assots. 2,218.327 BANK OF NEW SOUTH' WAMS. " Notes in circulation .. .. £236,178 Bills in circulation ... - Deposits, not bearing interest 7(8,407 Do, bearing Interest.. .. 860,028 Total liabilities .. .. 1,824,S90 Coin . 395,033 Bullion. 66,161 Government securities .. .. «8,897 Landed proporty .. .. 66,861 I< otes and Ulis of other banks 85,691 Debts duo to tho bank .. 1,200,009 Total assets. 1,840,468 UNIOS BANK or 'AUSTRALIA. Kotes in circulation .. .. £220,879 Bills in circulation .. .. 23,171 Deposits, bearing interest ... 210,130 Dr>-, not boaring interest .. 780,02! Liabilities . 1,264,203 Coln . 811,607 Bullion. 49,5«0 Landed proporty .. .. 61,074 Motem and blllaofolher banks 87.881 Debts duo to tho bank .. 1,202,410 Total assets. 1,765,025 COLONIAL B/TO OF AUSTRALASIA. Kotes in circulation .. .. £120 227 Bills in circulation .. .. 1,607 Deposits, not boaring interest 616,601 Do, bearing Interest.. .. £93,053 Total liabilities .. .. 987,84! Coln . 186,18c Bullion.. .. «, .. 10,130 Landed property .. .. 15,853' Kotes and bill« of other banks 17,012 - Dcbtú duo to tho bank .. 1,069,140 Total assots. 1,831,638 £195.2 29,1 250.7 630.0 1,165,7 1,205,7 1,587,8 ORIENTAL BASK CORPORATION. ' Notos In circulation .. .. £233.» l8 ' £17t;lïr Bills in circulation .. .. 10.077 , 8,311 Deposit«, not bearing IntoreBt £83 640 22!,m Do, bearing interest .. 477 095 (, 471,671 Total liabilities ., .. 1,019,009 835,631 Coln. 230 873' -165 417 Bullion. 1C9 0V8 124 71! Landodproporty .. .. 40,030 40|0)J Hotos and bills of other banks 10,800 D3V2 Debts duo to the bank .. 880.498 741,5 M. Total assots. 1,283,442 1,112,013 LONDON CmitTittBD Rafia. Notesin circulation .. .. £181,683 £180,63) Bills in circulation .. .. 4,745 4,711 Deposits, not bearing Intorest 835,666 201.741 Do., bearing Interest .. 841.463 £25,021 Total liabilities .. .. 764,990 655,163 Coin. 166,911 280,870 Bullion.- .. 61,600 40,075 Landed property .. .. 66.537 05,211 Ifoteiandtiilltofotherbanks 20,637 11,003 Debts duo to the bank .. 885,906 052,001 Total assets . 1,203,633 1,333, JOS EKQI.ISII, SCOTTISH, AND AUSTRALIAN CIIABTERSB BADS. Notes in circulation .. .. £50,868 £43,000 Deposits, not bearing interost 126,486 103,078 Do., bearing Interest.. .. 192 038 148,781 Total liabilities .. .. 874 401 801,111 Coln. 98,000 67,028 Bullion. 9.897 7,818 Landed property .. .. 27,011 28,089 Notes a'd billi of otherba'ks 6,095 8,452 Debts duo to tho bank .. 840,886 413,690 Total assets .. .. " 490,715 688,180 NATIONAL BANS OF AUSTRALASIA. Notes in circulation .. £92,086 £01,785 Bills lu circulation .. .. 8,867 10,854 Deposits, not bearing interest 110,178 144,725 Do., bearing interest .. 86,814 128,208 Total »mount u( liabilities .. 817,858 890,824 Coin. 71.171 77,052 Bullion . 10,634 31,671 Landed property .. .. 9,965 12,010 Notet sud b.llt «f other bank« 15 605 12,331 Debts duo to tho bank .. 296,886 383,782 Total assots . 408,737 499.9U Soon after the receipt of the March mails the banks announced a fall in the selling rates of exobanee. They now sell at par for sixty days' sight, .J per cent, premium for thirty days' sight, and 1 per cent, for small sums at sight. They also sell ninety days' sight at J discount. The rate charged by the Peninsular and Oriental Compony for the transmission of fold and bullion from Melbourne to the Bank of Ingland is If per cent., including ordinary in- surance, but not any war risk. The Oriental Bank Corporation charges for thirty days' ex- chango-On Bombay, Calcutta, Madras, ¡ii. Id. per rupee ; China, 5s. Id. per dollar ; Ceylon, 3t per cent, premium; Mauritius, 4a. 2d. per dollar : Singapore, 4s. lid. per dollar. Bank rates of discount stand at- For two months', 8 per eent. ; for three months', 9 per cent. ; for four months', 10 per cent. Interest is allowed on time deposits at the following rates :-For deposits at thirty days' notice, from 1J to 2 per cent, per annum ; at three months' notice, from 2 to 2¿ per cent, ; at six months' notice, from 4 to) 5 per cent. The bill for the imposition of a tax of one and a quarter per lent, on bank- notes, after having Íiassed tho Assembly, was rejected by the Lagia ative Council, on the petition of the banks. The Government havo Bince imposed a oharge of half per cent, on tho carriage of valuable paroels, notes, &e.; This chargo came into operation yesterday. It is not likely to bo a permanent one, SB, with increased faoilitiis for transmission and decreasing risk, the banks and other partial having occasion to despatch large values fron placo to place will roly on means of their own providing, and the public escorts will be super- seded by the railways, except in cases where acosjs may be difficult and insecure. Notwithstanding the drain on our mining population, the gold returns for the year con- tinue steadily on the increase, but do not yet equal those of 1861, Tho escorts for the cúrrete week brought down 30,764 ounces againBt 32,051 ounces for the corresponding week of lost year. In tho following table the quantities for tho several mining districts are given separately for the two periods, together with the totals far the years up to date :- j Castlemaine Haldon .. Sandhurst Hcathcoto Kuahworth Kilmore, Maryborough .. Talbot (Back Creek) Don Hy .. Ii glewood Tamaitilla(3»ndy Crk ) Ballarat .. Creswick.. Clunes .. Beechworth Yackandandah .. Chiltern (Indigo) Motto's Creek .. Barkly .. Totals lor tho weeks Prevlout oscorta Totals for tho years .. 018,001 10 The escorts from Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Mary- I borough, 'Talbot, and Ballarat are weekly; others every alternate week. i At the time of the banks reducing their sell- ing rate of exchange on England, they re- duced their buying rate of gold to C3 13s. Gd. per ounce for standard. At this rato, local prices may be quoted at-Omeo, Upper Yarra, Shady Oreek, £3 9s. 3d. to £3 Ils. 3d. ; Dande- nong, Jamieson'«, and Big River, £3 12s. 6d. to £3 14*. 3d. ; Castlemaine, Bendigo, and Motin- j tain Creek, £3 15s. Gd. to £3 15s. 9d. ; Crooked River, Boegy Creek. Caledonia, and Anderson's I Creek, £3 16s. 3d. ; Maryborough, Dunolly, Avoca, and Raglan, £3 16s. 9d. to £3 17s. 9d, : Creswick and Brown's, £3 l63, to £3 18s.; Ballarat and Ovens, £3 18s. 9d. The cost on board ship at this rate may be quoted at £3 36s. for standard gold, including the escort foe and export duty of 2s. 6d. por ounce. ! Tho total quantity of gold shipped during the current year has amounted to 827,047 ouucen, including 108,625 ounces transhipped from New Zealand vessels. The total production of the Victorian mines for the year stands therefore a; CG9.322 ounces. The following is a list of the gold ships whioh have Bailed from the Fort of Melbourne since tha commencement of the year : Date of Bailing, Alfred Qlant's Causeway Itangatira.. Balclutha .. yorkshire .. Omor Pasha itangatira.. northam .. Bliat. Ann Brltjht.. ¡roat Britain .. Coponbagcn itangatira.. Prince of Wales.. Itangatira.. rrue Briton (.atonta .. .. B «Dares ., ,. Itangatira Donald M'Kay .. norfolk .. SI try Ann Wilson W nogra Wonga .. Agincourt.. Waler Nynph .. Northam Dover Castle 'ithona .. | Jupiter sarlulk .. Formosa .. «ary8cott Mar» Polo tjussoi ., .. Bombay ,. Orwell iwlftsure .. Sea-nan's Bride London .. London .. Sydney .. Sydney .. London .. London .. Sydney .. Point do Galle. London .. Liverpool {.oudon ... sydney ..' Union .. Sydney .. London .. London .. Point de Oatie. Srdnoy .. [liverpool London .. Hong Kong Syduey .. Lindon - . London .. Q tile .. London .. ?Jong Kong dong Kong London .. Landon .. Manilla .. Llvsrpool Lindon .. Point de Oal.'e. London .. London Vancouver'« Isld' While money hos been easier, the stock and shaie market has been tho last to feel the bene- ficial effect of tho change. This is a natur»! consequence of the speculation of former time«. Prices have, however, been well sustained in all legitimate and established undertakings. Tue recent aooidcnta'on the railways have depressed this stock to some extont, at a time that the publio faith was becoming moro lively after (he depression caused by the winding up of tbo Melbourne and Suburban Rulway -io disastrous to the shareholders, and so beneficial to the creditors and bondholders. The two nccidonts which have happened on tait line and its tributary will hare the effect of still further adding to the security, as tho new ooru pany will, in nil probability, bo' called upon by the Government to completo their contract, and lay dnwn a double line of rails. The trafila on tho Government lines baa steadily iucreasod ; and as tho Wclbourno and Murray River Railway will bo completed to Sandhurst by the 1st of July, a large income may be looked for from this souroe. Tbo carrying trade to the interior is still in tua hands of teamsters, from the inability of tho Go- vernment to undertake it. When this ha« bean 1 transferred to the rail, the receipts will ia 1 crease daily, until, with good management, the reproductivo point will be arrived at. I Transactions in tho share market have been numerous of late. During the current week, the following have been reported:-On Monday, 1 Colonial Bank of Australasia sharcB al £5 19s. ! Cd. ; Melbourne Gas and Coke Company, first Issue, £810s.-third issue, £4 5s. ; Colonial Ia guranco, at 19s. 6d. ; Johnson's Reef Mining, 7s. On Tuesday.-Victoria Life and General Insur- ance Company, 32s. Od. ; Eaglehawk Mining Ai soeàttion, Tarrengower, Is. GeLj and St, Arnaud Mining Company, £4L On Wednesday.- Colo- nial Bank of Australasia, £6; National Bank of 'Auslrai&5ii>,vf3lls?tó:£ails.r6d.í BemdjijjoGM ; ' 'Company, ¿3114s. ; < Melbourne < Gas and- Coke " Company, SA 8s.; Ajax, Oastlemaino, minlnç, ¡£5; Eaglehawk Union, mining, 7s. 3d.; 'Na» Chum, Bendigo: mining, 3s. Od. And on Thurs- day-National Bank of -Australasia, £3 11s. 61. ; Victoria Life and General Insurance Company, 32s. 6d. ; Bendigo Waterworks Company, lol, -, Beehive, Maldon, mining, 65a. ; Llnseott's Roof, 10s. Gd. ; Nolson Reef, Bendigo, 2s. 3d. Messrj. Baillie and Buttors report of the previous week'i business in their circular : "Lastwoik a full average amount of business wai dine in tho stock and sharoinatkst, but epsratlom were much moro limited than thoy might have boon Ire m tbo email amount ti etook cilired, ard fron present Indloitlons wo can easily foresee that a 'cnBlderablo «avance In prico will be established tait . week in most of our favourlto stocks, Muline sham ? I Lav« received a groater shara ol ationtloa than fo: uome limo bick, and the number of transactions ha i < Lion moro lhan doubled. We look forward to »healthy reaction lu this department of our business during tho ensuing winter. i " Banks - Colonial have been latgely dealt in at £9, but, altbough well supported, tha rtipolr has been lu excess of tho demand, and thura la a consequent downward tendency in prico ; wo think, howover, this will only to temporary. National hw« been lirgoly . iu-julroi for, and taken as fast na on", red tat £3 Os. Od., £3 10a., and £310i. Od. lhere tra nono ciTering no tr under £3 12i. Od,, and we have no doubt this will bo conceded by purchasers. New South Wales are it'll scarce. Ko sales reported except in Sydno», at £10 per share ; thi« rate would be givon In tbia marks-, Victoria have been in good domand, but aro aleo vor/ firmly held ; sales have been effected at £33 15«.,'but j an advance on that conld be obtained If tho stock was ' clTerod. There have been nono in tho market for several day« at anything near market rates. " Hobson's Bay Ballway have not been largely dealt i in, but full rates have baen asked and given for small , parcels. Sale» at £40 10c " Inaurnnco,-Austialaslan aro not eo much ia ro- , queit. bat tbero bave boon few shares offering, which bes HmtoJ tha «mount of business In them. Bales at ' aOs. to 10s. 6d, ; at 10s largo parcels could bo plaoed Celt nial bavo beeu more active, and aalc« havo been i «fleeted at 18s-, 18s. Od , and 19s, Prices are still very I close, and a large business in thom is expected during ' tliocunont week. 1 boy bavo adocldoi upward ten- | unity. Melbourne are without alteration, and ni i businets has bien done in thom ; buyers are offering j rio , tehllo rollers ask 7s. We Ihlnk in this instance, from tho almost cntiro want of support In tho markot, except at prices still lower than our own, that aellors must concedo a reduction. Victo da Lifo and General wo havo placed at 82«. 6d, and moro would probably bet taken at sam« rate it offered Victoria Firo and Marine, a email parcel at £40, with a probability of heavy business in them during tbo week. " Gas havo been pretty generally favoured, there naviag boen business done in all of them with one exception, namely, Castlemaine, and in which prices are »pproxlmatlng dally. Ballarat, a imi'l parcel at £0 17« 01, ; Bendigo, at £814s Od ; Collingwood and «Titzroy, first favourite and a fair business, at £4 17s. 6d" £4 18s, 61, and £5, price) «till very close ; Geelong, at £312'. 0J. ; Helbourno, at £1 Is., more buyers than sellera at that rato. .. MUcelltnooui.-Bendigo Waterwoi ka have changoi hands at 15s. ! Provident Instituto at 12s Od., and 13s. in fair- paresis. The Victoria Kaolin Company hare now been at work about a fortnight, during whioh timo they have washed upwards of IliO tons of tbs deposit, which will bo marketable almost Immediately, so that thoy will shortly be ablo to cstlmato what their return may bo for colonial consumption. By advices per lut mall, they have ascertained tint the va'un of the raw depnait, as per sample) sent, would not be lost than £210s. to £3 10s per ton ; and as it can be laid down lu Livoipool at about 21)». por ton, taking tho minimum tato, and shipping 10,01)0 tons per annum, which thoy can do easily, would show a profit of 101 per oont. nu iho entire capital of tho company, Inde- . pendent of colonial consumption altogether. In ad Jl tien to this, thoy have juat discovered In thsir work- ing ra lubstanco of a-very remarkable character. It rons tin a distinct vein through the kaolin, and 1« thought to ha Uentloal nilli tho far famed Chtnc-so Te tüu-ic. It baa teen shown to soino of our first goolqgists aid eton-¡its, but tbo/ havo not yet pro mounted Its character. Tbe bo.nj have got down a block c1 fuur cwt. to bo sent to Glr Redmond Barry, ti bo forwaidcd fur the opinion of Sir Roderick Murchi- son, a'ao (or tha Exhibition On tho back of this vein Is ioiiod a good sample of meerschaum cUy of ab nut one Inch in thickness. Thi«n111 boa prizafor the company, as ii can be readily sold at from 2a Gd, to 8i. per lb, according to quality. From this it will bs teen'-Hut tho prospocts el thi« company aro vary promiilcg indeed. Tho whole of their unsold aharet wera taken up last week at par., and any cooring in _tho market under that tate bavo boen bought up, * talcs liavin? boen effected nt £3161. lora small lot, and Several hundreds at £110s. They are now firmly held,"»nd cannot be had under £5 10s "Mines-Ajix have beon placed at £5 10s., ándate likely to advance to a mach highor rate aa soon as a p entiful supply of water I« obtained. Biohive.-Ihelr meoitng was held on the 12th inst, and a very satis factory report laid before the shareholders. A dividend ct £s. per share was declared, payable on the 19th, Catherine Reef (Soith'a) aro looked fur at lew rates: we p'aced a good parcel at 2s. Catherine Bei f United -a small lot at 9J. Clunes ae he'd for £33), which. wo think, will lio conceded by buyers. Ilust.'or's had their1 manager'a report on Saturday, which wai un naliefactory; sa'es at li.; moto sellers than bnyeri Johneon's have been in fair icquest sat low rates ; ? airs at 6s. C1, 7*., and7« Od. Bando! Hops have changed hinds at £30; holders ask £32 ; Eaglehawk Uni, n at 7s OX- Harynorough at I« , New uhum at Ss. Od , Bandy Creek (Poverty Beef) at 6s 6d , and Bt. Arnaud at £10. Thi« company have again com- menced craabing Although having to pay for water during tho Ural week, they bave now a sufficient supp.y to keep twolvo head of stampers at work, Ihelr yield fur tbo first week's work was thirteen pennyweights per ton- an av«r«go which, we are In- formed, will pay thom well." A new banking institution commenced opera- tions on the 7th instant, under the title of the Welbourno Banking Company. The company consists of Messrs. J. P. Bear, Hugh Glass, T. Chirnside), Simon Staughton, William Highett, Thomas H. Bear, and Captain M'Mahon. The directors are Mr. J. P. Bear and Captain 1M'Mahon, with power to nominate a third. Mr. Frederick Cook, for many years connected with the Union Bank, is to be the manager. The new company propose giving higher rates of interest for time deposita than those given by the existing baukB, and as high a rate for money at call as is (liten by the banks for three months'lodgements. They also purpose to vnry their rates of discount with the variations in the nature and risk of the transactions entered into. It ia not intended to open current accounts nor to issue notes. With so powerful a proprietary, and with a manager so experienced and generally esteemed, the new bank will bo sure to secure a fair share of the blinking business of the colony. The half-yearly general meeting of the share- holders of tho Bank of New South Wales was held at Sydney on the 30th ultimo. The report was adopted, and a dividend at the rate of fifteen per cent, por annum was declared. The net prout) for the half-year amounted to £83,605 17s. 5d. The reserve fund was increased by the sum of £29,737 3s. 10d., and now amounts to £250,000, snd a balance of £1,223 5s. was carried to next half-year. Tho appointment of Mr, James Hen- derson as a director, in the room of Mr. Walker, resigned, and that of Mr. G. Mitohell as an au- ditor, were confirmed. The National Bank of Australasia held the fourth annual general meeting of the proprietary on tho 6th ¡net., when the following report ana balance-sheet were submitted by the directors, and unanimously adopted : .' TO IBS BnABEHOLDERS OF IU« NATIONAL BASK OP AUBTIULA8ÍA. " The dlreotora have pl'asurs in ptcaonticg the foutth annual roport, and a balance shoot mado up to 81 si Maich. '. The not profit« for tho half-year amount to £20,936 8s. Id., which the directorsrecommcuo tobo applied a« follows : To dividend at thoiato of tix percent. per annum .£6,935 17 0 To reserva fund.12,(00 0 0 Tu bad and doubtful debts .. .. 1. LOO 0 0 Zo reduction of furniture and ttatlonery aco.unt. 1,060 11 1 £20,915 8 1 "Toa will bo called upon to elect two directors, lu room of the Hon. George Bolte, M.L O, and the non. Ihomss Herbert Power. M L.C., who lotira by rota- tion. They aro both eligible for re ola tim, and ou"« themselves «ceord'ngly. Ibero are noother candidates for tho'vacant offices. "You wMalsa bo requested to confirm tin re ap- pointment of Mears. Michaelis and Butcbut as audi- tors for the ensuing year. "Iho annual general meeting of ah art holders will ! bo held at tho htad- ofneo, Collins Btreet, ou Tuesday > May 6, at eleven o'clock. '! By order of the board of dlrccto-s. " A. CDNiiiNODAM Manigsr, «' BALANCE snuBT OP THE NATIONAL BASK or A.ra TlULASIA FOIt TUB 13 ALF YEAH F.XOSD ttlHT MAIU'll, I 1862 ! To capital paid np . £231,195 0 O*o notes In circulation .. .. ,. ItiOiZ 0 To billi in cbculatlon. 4r,783 o To deposits. 475,879 17 To balonoes duo to other banks .. SI 698 9 To reservo fund. SO 009 0 To profit and loss account ., .. 20 003 8 Cr. £1,004,427 15 0 Ey coln and bullion .£239 271 4 10 "by (Government securities .. .. 4,t00 o 0 By biils receivable, and all other ad- vances . 6(9 835 3 11 Bj 'balanjo duo by other banks .. 10,980 U1 K Ty notes of other banka. 0,004 I h 3Hy preliminary oxpensei .. .. K.C5I li 6 ly bank premises, furniture, and st» tlonery. 25,173 15 8 £1.004,427 15 0 Dr. Morir AND LOSS ACCOUNT. To expenses at head office and twenty 1 one branclies.and agencies u .. £14 100 l8 4 To balines .. .SM,U.'5 8 t £35,102 0 8 Ey gross profits slnco latt statement £36,102 0 8 The following is a statement of the tramo returns of all the railway linos in operation hi Victoria for the month of April, with tho exception of the Essendon and Suburban linos, the returns of which h»ve not yet been published periodically:- _ Pas- sengers. Government Unes "Holbourne andHob son's Bay| Brighton .. «4441 0 O' 112615 7 £ s. d. £ s. d.' 0355 9 2126207 2 19 1608 S 8 '7049 S 2 19 4 8} 1145 10 10 At a general meeting of the members of tho (lamber of Commerce,'held at tin CI-T. ~~" Jlr.J James M'Culloeh'was elcotedt.iit**** lidtsoy of the Chamber for the current vc, Pr" Attoug the questions which have enjaeS it, mention of the mercantile and trsdinffi. "? ii e fubject of Immigration has been one of R,.i «Hucat. This subject will te found referred . ». large elsewhere. The Melbourne Chamba * Ctmmcrce have presented the follottW .JJ * to the Chief Secretary :- I0110ÄIDß address " To tho Honourable the Chief Soeretm ii,« v"- , iuV,h?hoÄInB Chimb" - «-aSr-M "J¿ -t.h*î' *$' lntereito o' jour mrniorlallii. . r erchants, btnkerr, and traders, iredeenlv in.&S; lu tl-c general prosperity of the colin» el VictorU ttienti«) to the advancement of colooUl iX; .U ii not to their stability, that a con. ant adduiî??' Hie'ropulationibould bo promoted bvtk.i ^ > i »«en ot all persons capable of »ddirg to the VÄ" 11 d disposed to obiy tho laws of the cfmamnttv ""' "8. ahatlhotxprrlencsyonrmenoii listabaT«,.» <f tho operation of the head t»x levIM «ii "T1 « Linne landing In this colony, has only roiÄi 5' ». ttfment fertfirty expressedby Ihl. CbF'£% i be Impolicy of a menura directed »galrBt Í "" t" vroar. eaally controlled, whose latnirS .J'S obtsinedfromabandoncd gold nines,and whoiïïilî* e-1 tribute l.rgoly to trado and r»ve« ne ""^ "«Jour inenioilall.tB are further conflrnitd i" ii« impretslons, becauso the pohev to wht^.wm ..j.ct alter belrg fairly tried li C.TifoaU h,.b«î »Ititdontd, and a MRlatration fee ef îdol. ner CÎÎÎ .mUtlluted for the 60do). head tax. And lh, aA it was ttated in tho Honourable the tVliffi / u embly, on the 12th cf February !««t, that the n5 S ) «t.utd here towards tho Chinese wai Identic,! ».' .°,.uth.e.Är...0.l°.I'Le.''A Ä !T «we bin Am. c, o| it »tog of the tax, landing part "oí ÖSSS " 6. That, judging from the annual Increase of th, ( hiñese by mimigratlon privions (o the i t pos lion,! tie tax, and from minute inqnirlc« made from ni ULS woll informed on the subject, your mtmorl»,ii.' »te latbfled that but for thl« Itunott tbo «¡kim Chícete population, Instead of being «diced fal 40.CCO to 24,000, «tould at Ibis time have bein !l«2 iboitcf76,000; tho annual«xponiiturcof who» ,t tie lowest calculation, would have retched £s OOPOU jtr annum, and their contribution to the r«vein, litmttuir consumption of dutiablegotdt andtheei lilt duty on their gold, to about£800,000 pir annum * 6. That, inaimaeh as the impoiltlon of so hem Î lix Is intended to discourage Hie arrival of ihî Cbineeo In ueduo proportion to t-o other ncei oc. rt pt ing tho territory, your memorial,«! tannnt h¡í iLmk it unnecessary. Tholremlgrattin from Chin»ta seid countries li confined to certain cliaics from lit fictlnco of KttangTonK,coi4aiuiigabout»lxteeniiili. liens of inhabitants, lho numrnr of Obincse reiidat l,t le at ona time has never canted any appiehcmim fir tho peace »nd order of the community' Uli ft immigration from other tontees baa nearly cent? it tel ma to your tiomotialists that tbe »bovo obita! liens to the Chlneto should be gravely recontldeml "7. Tour inemoilalats would i ctptcifully direct j eui attention to the spirit i-f the treaty «.xiitlngbe. '.tutn the Governments of Gnat Filtaln and Chin, vh'eh Bllpulatoitbat tbey aro hencelnrlht-itreatetch ether In ac:ordar.co with the practico of grutud frletdly nations, and bv which Dil,I,h »k1 j ci an tulhorlied to travel, for their pasture or for purpotet ol tilde, to all paita of tho Interior of Oblea ; aid your memorinllttB would »nbn.lt tba; It ia aslecoa titttnt with tho »bovo treaty as it Is ni jutt ard in. ; i Ht'.c to Imposa au . ppresilvo tax on the admitlon t f Chir t se Into tbit colony. ' 8. Your memorialists would inbtnlt that, whether Hie tuhject now under dltcustlon is con iderrxl tri a itftienco to ttedcpicssel tUto of trade and ot coloahl ii ter ci ta generally, cr of a declining levetue, or a eirnexion with the admitted necciBlly [or a co:ntnt ino rapid lncna'e ef the population, In crier to i ivclopo the resources of tho country, It la. f pretilrg Inn trtanco at tr.opioitnt timo; »nd jour mimcnaliit, t« inertly request that It may hava tne e«ly attentliB el ths Executive Government .' And your aitmorlallttii will ever pny, &c; (iigned) " D. WILSIUH, ) " .< JOSEPH DK IUTILE [Cormpondlnz " W. H. CAurmtu, J Coamittco " JOHN HusssLt,, Hecrtttry. " Chamber ol Con,morco, Melbourne " Tbe following is a statement of tho stocks ia I ond of all dutiable goods at Melbourne on tbs 21st inst. :-Currants, 12tJ pipes, 9 barrels, 62 t »ces ; raisins, 41 bales ; hops, 105 pockets ; rice 1 bag ; brandy, 3,016 hhds. 24,001$ cases ; rum, J,5COJ hhds. 219 cases; geneva, 34.} hhds,, 77,860 red, 1,595 green caBes ; whiskey, Ü77 hhds. fi,129 cases; old tom, 410.J bhds. 10,167 case»; ccrdials, 2,131 cases; spirits ol nine, 72 bhds.; ether spirits, 118 hhds. 2,835 caseB ; wine, 3,5681 bhds. 11,465 caseB; beer, 1,811 hhds. 2,857casa ted caEks ; tobacco, ¿ hhd., 34 tasks, 17 bates, 1 tierce, 454 half- tierces, 37 quarter-tierces, 01 kegs, 6,093 three-quarter boxes, 4,318 cases anf boxes ; cigars, 767 cases ; snuff, 69 packages ; tea, 33,719chests, 14,335half-ehetts, 8,859boxei; eeffce. 927 bags, 366 casks, 100 barrels ; Bugir, £0,990 bags raw, 22,147 packages ; molasses, 2 bids. ; chicory, 242 packages ¡opium, 31.) chests, 117 packages. Colonial spirits, 1,670 hhdt, Victoria Sugar Company's steck:-Sugar, raw, 955 tons; do., in process, 464 do. ; do., refined 710 do. ; treacle, 189 do. Total, 2,218 tons. In the following table tho consumption of c'utinble articles from the year 1853 to the elote cf 3EG1, maybe gathered from the revenues collecte! it the Customs. This return refers to all porti cf the colony : Spirts, viz : Brandy, gal Gin, gal. Baot. gat. Whltkey, gal. ejordlals, gal e-srfumed, gaL Other spirit», gal, Colonial manufactured spirits, gal 253,671 172.100 88.159 84.017 6,521 1,234 2,810 88,533 29.203 757 88,172 13.397 39,420 822,070 116 357 120,361 43 411 2,877 SS0 11,666 374,703 140 460 160.283 65.503 4.SS4 41S 14,933 833.498 164,187 167,495 73.095 3,605 SOL 25.43Í £ 809,959 187,230 158,623 86,193 2,785 1.721 20,695 288,743 181,779 142.065 84.660 S 881 1,611 20,961 2,092 264,266 ISO 302 115 2«5 77 58« 2,063 Mut* 17,167 3,610 817.C61 112,118 20,851 IDS 67,629 418 72,813 9,656 14,741 07,606 4-tO 759,691 122,676 27,001 6S4 89,053 755 106,154 17,603 78,636 78.1W7 ZUl 759,235 2,638 101,070 26,075 603 103,401 635 78.359 19,651 64,551 99107 117 761.000 6,336 137,671 24.817 690 129,008 991 110,177 19,813 £¿,025 76,180 10» 725318 13 685 166 566 27.960 273 121,371 700 111,807 18,614 61,79.: 81,445 117 661,120 11837 162,469 23,058 2SS 115.15S 976 125 333 l8 987 14,156 77,841 SiU EXTOBTB. Ge M duty (2s. Od. per ounce)-1856, £233.225 ; 1866, £171 900 ; iat7, £841,196 ; 1868, £816,013 ; 1859, £1.56,172 ; 1860, ££00,640 ; 1861, £215,800, A steady trade has been doing during tbe rrcnth, both for the import and shipping trade, ftd prices have been firm. Transactions will be fcund more fully referred to in our Prices Cui rent, in another column. Only one wool rule has taken place during the month, when 317 tales were offered, and 291 were sold, attbs iteres of Messrs. R. Goldsbrough and Co., at piicea fully supporting the rates quoted pre- viously to the arrival at the English March mail. 'J bo lota were not of a first-olass character. A fine parcel of greasy wool, from New Zealand, was bought in at Is. 0¿d. per lb. In stock and stations the following sales ibnve been effected since the despatch of our last summary :-Lake Bolak, in tho western district of Victoria, with 24,500 sheep, 610 acres of land, sad sundries, for £28,000 ; the Bast Lodden ¡Station, with 2,COO head cattle, 640 acies pur- chased land and improvements, for £13,000, cash ; 'end Liewau Station, on the River Edward, with ¡1,200 head of cattle, mustered, for £12,000. | During the month of April seventy-six estates ¡Lave been sequestrated in the Insolvent Court. ¡Tho estates generally involve liabilities of only a li mall amount, in the majority of cases under i ECO. Nineteen aro under £100, twenty- nine ethers under £300, four others under £3,000. fire under £0 000, and one of £16,000. The folloir jrp is a classification of these estates :- 1 agent, 1 accountant, 2 butchers, 2 buildors, 1 barrister, li -bootmaker, 2 commission agents, 3 clerks, 1 carrier, 3 carpenters, 1 carter, 1 cab-driver, 1 contractor, 1 dealer, 1 dressmaker, 1 dairyman, 11' farmers,' 4 gentlemen. 1 Government clerk, 1 grocer and baker, 1 cawker and draper, 1 japanner. 4 licensed victuallers, C miners, 1 painter, 5publicans, 2labourers, 1 slater, lata overseer, 5 storekeepers, 1 sohoal teashor, i .aider 1 » evedore, 1 ship's cook, 1 timbs. Pliant. 1 travcllor, 1 upholatorer, 1 winji. Sowine and nnntmerohmt. I TheCustomireturns published in \USUl of\ r.rri/eivotho imports at the port of Melbourai ' ,. the cast week at tho declared value oí ; » P»nd the exports at £273,579 ; tin ] i unco being in favour of the former to the sum , ! ffil 531- In ll10 following table tho imports 'Id exports aro givon weekly for the current ! !,ar side by side with the corresponding perioli j 1801 together with the totals up to date :- ' Ptririg the former period the account stood thru : Imports Ixports jiluics ol Imports over exports luring *» et*0T1 Perlod !"~ Imports . Ixports . [iliac« of imports over exports £212,161 £1,070,201 1,770,111 £190,762 IMPORTS H the Port of Melbourne from the 12th April io the 10th May, 1862, compared with the corresponding period of 1861. ifHctdtural 1m clements /JiaU-Soda, tons Apparel and slop' ¿oinunitlon fose,caps, le.. Power.. Shot, tons inna Arrottro3t,lb. Dip and sacks tire, toas tier Bottled.. Draught Biscuit, tons Baskets andwool less tell .. Bxits and shoes inn, bushels (¡ricks Bath .. Building. No. Inahwaro lailding materials Bitter, tons libbago-treo Cudlee, tons .. Cindlewick Curas .. tirpettng.. tirriages, carts, se. .. .. Cut) (imply) ., lement .. tue-e, tons Chicory, .. Climaware Uils, tons Cocoa and choco lite, lb... Ccffee .. tilt Obre, toas .. t>leandluel,tons Confectionery topper, tons Copper ore, tons.. C^pntrvtaro and brass raro Cordale, tons .. lorks Cottons .. 'otion waste Cutlery .. Drapery .. ., brags .. ., Druggists' waro ,, lartheimaro ., tigs Uncy goods Filt fish Moah ,. Proacrvod ., baited, tons ., nour, do. Fruit Bottled Dried .. Oreen, bnshola ¡Vulture and up-| tolstery fas tUa littles.. I mte ,. II radow Oluswaro Gi U Hil.. C tin rltrley, bushels. Beam and peas, do. Grim, tons Shite, bushels.. «tit .. Oat«, bushels.. Hie", tons Wheat, bushels irdcicribcdjdo 0- lery .. Or ulstonea tttino, tons '. m. io .. Hiberilashery .. lijir.tons.. .. Hardware and i'o ímcmgory Hits ind caps 11 « tons.. H'L, Ko.. Ho"OTaro Um;, lb. Uois(tto ,, Ho>iery .. Itilnrubbor goods] Intt-uments Musical.. Vicnttflc ¡v i, tons Jer, eilery., IcaJ, tons Lettner, cwt. Lcithcrwaro linen ., Lire stock As-es, Ko. Horses, do. Pu», do.. i>J¿s, do. I'oultry " ihecp, Ho. lluihlnory Idtrble .. Hitches and vestas lins and rugs Beal 'em, tons Oat, do.,. Hi il ïe I" v, tons 1'iliiery .. Irlaisis ,. *nh and screw«, 1 ») "api'-htandum. Pi «'.gal«, heit 0J-. " ßi «, gil. Kerjs'no, do, I. n-eod, do. 0 ii ', do. UiiJtti»riltcd,i 0 lc'uth .. Oilmen'« stores Onion«, ton« "pum ., l'ii»tin¿s and t km hiss Pi it', ¿Lo.. JaiK-innjlnga Kriuoierj ïnrtojrraphic - ,.* .. ¡^"i-Tobacco I itch and tar .. plants and soods.. Pa'e and plated ware TI imbers', ware Potato5S) lons Preserves.. 5no"ngmitMitü! rrot mons Preserved Baited, tons Qulcssiltor jujliraj materials .Ullcry .'" s«"> tons.. ghipshandJory " «Silks Qins " ÜUM.NO." gâtons.. fP"> .. »Pwiaiena ol N» . tara! Histoiy spices ., Bp nts- " Brandy., Cordials Oin .. °'trine.. Perfumed Ham . WUtary UnaeiCTibed e-~^ arti b'.u» 1801. £ , 1,848 60i 1,708 2,60s 104 1,635] 13,128 14,2911 350 11,600 4 013 23,208 2,106 160! 1,811 1,011 7,012 S7.C03 8,227 220 8,410 1,103' 020, 12,800 12,587 87 716! 0,060 84 195] 202,9i7j 4,030 2001 1,047 051 6,620] 141 1,808 1,663 40,095] 2,309 Wl _52| 1,077 18,600] 11.132 0,097 51,212 18,031 5,975 6: 233 099] 178 5,980 0,954 2101 1,87s' (J 43 10,6971 2,7101 1,: 482| 1,691 5121 3,681 1,825 1,405 7,349 6,068 61,476 2,493 557 1,996 6,857 4,76a 16 !95| 1,161 ¿01] 177 10,819 2,330 31« 6 070 116 635 114,528 0,52l' 1,011 600 3,095 170 7,411 2,047 8,724 7,016 18,030 22 033 4.2581 14,530' 8,833 812! l8 3 762 2,70.) 616 2,150¡ 2,076 600. 468 370 76i 2,180 95 199 2,695] 41 10,610] 27 1 3Î11 1S7 iii] 2,737 2,19 11 1.4-.2 817 305] 1,678' 7.790, B.C07 ? SOO] 851 8.8231 M3! 150 .60S S81 80.000 16 17,142 100 7.7B8 66] 010 «20, 240] 1,1 80 8,772 4,047 1, 1,016] 1,16c 1,073 1B.4S6 860 2,091) 1,270 '120 . 4,561 1(0 114 29,000 Quantities. 33,8.7 7,237 1,120 31 2,225 10,670] IBS 4,020 63.690 188 67,632 8 850 84.057 1862. 11 89,267 ~210 ""68 "~6i 87 5.191 16,318 206 33 13,637 00,303 941 16,076 867 41 171 8.116 O00| 29.2 9,231 io,eoo 2,086 22 2,216 70 764, "200 '. ,235 , 160 coy" -, t- - 12) 17,031 75 33i 21,632 Stationery ,. Bteel, tons Stone Building, tons.. uni .. laving .. Bagar Tallow, toni Telegraphlo ma- terials .. Tea Timber Deals, Ho. Laths Palings, No. .. Logs and piles, do. .. Posts and rolls, do. .. « Sawn, feet Miscellaneous Un.. Unwaro .. Tobacco .. Cigars .. Tobacconists' ware Toolsand utensils Toy» and turnery Turpentine and varnish, gala... Twine and thread, ewt. Vinegar, gals. Watch os and clocks vThitlngandchalk, tons Wlckorware ?Wine Woodenwaro Wool, lb... Zinc, tons.. Miscellaneous .. 6,859 250, 70! «50,718 106 76,8i8[ 254 6,648 1,479 14.Í01 4,4101 284 2,(84 13 8 14,292 4, 1,851 Qurmütloj. 1801\. I 1662 7,690 C9 £,77i 8,260 6b e,ooo 128 . Iii 3 1,878 If 7,070 . 1,481 10,091 80 2,688 1,(6 00.60CI s,oa 682,5661 EXPORTS. 2,806 60,100 Ï3.03Ï 2,176 119.0CO 48' 894,867 247 39 143,800 ejnantitios. Agricultural Im- plements Alkali-Soda, toni Apparel and slop» Aims and ammu- nition Ariowroot, lb. .. Bags and sacks .. Balk, tons Beer Bottled, gals... Draught, do. .. Bseult, tons Black sand, do. .. Elankots and wool- lens Sones, tons Books Boots and shoeB .. Bran, buahels .. Brickr, Ko. Bretsbware Building materials Butter, tons Candles, do. Can?»B .. Carpel bag Cania ges, carts, &c.; Casks, empty Cement, tons Cheese, do Chicory Chlnawaro Coals, tons Codeo Confectionery .. Copper, tons Copper ore, do. .. Coppcrwaro and biaiswaro Cordage, tons Corks Cottons .. Cutlery .. Drapery .. Drugs Earthonwaro Fancy goods Fish Salted, tons Piesorved Flour, tons Fruit Dried .. Green, bushels Furniture Glass Bottles .. Plate .. Window GUssware Gold, ounces ., Grain Barley, bethels Beans & pt at, do Oran?, tons Malt, do. Oats, do. Bice, tons Wheat, bushels Gril dery .. Guano, tons Haberdashery Rtlr, cwt. Hardware and Ironmongery .. Hatband cups . Bay, tons.. Bides, *o. Bollowore Bon.» and hoofs. Bops, lb .. Bonus Ice ., InBlrumcnts - Musical.. Scientific Iron andstiel, tout Jowcllerj .. Lea', tons Leather, 11111 Loalbtrua.o Lime, buthel«. Lineu Live stock Cattle, Ito. Horses, d«>. Sheep, du. Dig., do. Machinery Harb'o Hatches and vestas Mats and ru.s . Heal-Oat, tons. Metal, yellow, de. Millinery . Molasses Malls and screws, tins Kuls Oats Oils gals .. Olieloih .. Olln.cn'8 sioroB .. Opium Onlods.'toi s Paints Paintings und en- gravings , .. Papcrbonglngs .. Porfuméry Photograptio go dB .. Pitch and tur Pipes-Tobacco .. Plants and seeds'.. Plato and [dated ware .. Potatoes, t ns .. Preserves .. Printing u-aterials Provisions Preserved Salted, tons Qulckiilvtr fcttjs, tons Ball «ay tutorials Kesln Saddlery .. Sago, lb. .. (.all, tons.. fchiijchandliry Silks fckln» blues, Ko. Soap, toca Specie fcpegimcnMfNatu ral History Spices Spirits Brandy Cordials Oin i Ruui Whiskey Uiidesirlbod . Btucli ai.ü blue. Stationery St ii war o Sugar, Tallow, tons Tin . .. TentB , and tar pauline 1 mber .. Tin.. , .. Th-waro Tobacco .. ., Cigars. Snuir .. Tot scconlsU' ware Tools aiiil utensils Toys arid turnery Turpentine and vatnlsb, gals... Twine aijd tbtead, cwt., .. " Vinegar, gals. Watches « docks Wine , .. Woodenwore Wool, lb... Zinc, tons.. tndesorlbed 00 260 87 1,240 2,728 54 lil 826 CO 3,013 80 1,805 42 4Î1 770 112 !0.k06 4,200 C69! 1,102 t8¡ 40 1862. £ 623 60 4,401 1,663 1,6391 !l,284 6,716 7« 104 1,225 l,42e 10,0201 6.000 48,081 10,687 4,716 1,760 8,400 0,164 14,141 4 Í8, - 747,824 455,606 180,856 140 2,2731 162 1,48t 5 461 4,48t 1,201 1,628 78t 7,378 207 70,026 1.S63 1,027 1,001 2,654 7,797 14.94t 60 126 8,496 19B 41,368 86 1,162 7,004 170 610 6,000 1,140 2,012 10 Ï 1,842' 4i0 662 1,413 3,7£( 6,70t 840 0?8 2,401 7.20O " 976 79,846 "fio iW. 0.746 84 1,872 653 £112 267 210 2,8!B 263 8 629 0 496 4.C01 40 8,878 80 19 480 4,871 18B 38,226 606 1,786 018,644 60 - 507,05^ 17 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PBIOES } ' ' CUEEKNT. I t The Argus Office, FrHsy .Evening, The departure of the April mall wat followed by the settletr In of a steady trade, es In seme Instincts, augmented prices. With a more tegular, although rot eitemivet-detnand, both tor consumption and «hlprxent,,the mukets have acaulred a firmer tone. , ahe belief .that exports from Ibo home market« Wire jikely »6 oohtitine on -a r-riir-rnt»« s.V<èla* íuced ipeculatrre puchases, and couideikblo paictla | cf It cacen, brsrdy, ard gen« va changed bands at. « inlly eui tent" r»tb-. Ihe c,i,flrmationvf siill farther j iccnctioBsin the extentof iblpmtn's r.crivid by tho Miith mail afforded tatlabction to holdo s at any I late, and at ince lLflueuccd tho VA'UCS of goods ! already much r.duced In ttork, and rt tth'cli »hip- I li mt« hld been trade to irasll extent Butter, ham, I lacen, »nd cheese immediately iinpnveo in demand, j aid bave since continued ixutdingly Him, whiltt ether good lets scarce bava tliowu au Improved I tendency. Butinées continuel, in a Lothhy state, and I i thcie 1B overy apptruano« of a steady trade c in inning . '-ircoebcut tho winter-hitherto a mo cccarience. 1 îfce continued return rf miners from tho Now Ze*. iinc gold Holds has cause 1 au Improvement lntbo uunliy dtttν, and moie business it doing »mingar, t esleía j and the rains having now set in, digger» will le enabled to biiugthtirgold to market, and bodiubt . tiuie further improvement to t.boalicady lncicaiod ' ttmardlor goodt. WHh iheso general rtnurlctwo ) j iccccd to more detailed particulars. I Beer,-Tho «rrivala of now brew bulk alts continuo I locóme ilowly to hand, t-nd have boen takent,tTas I lattas they have arrived, at lmprovingpiicea. Bottled Hint remain* ltw In steck, and cottluues lu brisk li qulry at »avanel: g ratoi Bulk stoat has boan I iiihaeed f r local bottling, and, alttorgli urchangol !i> ptl.es, ia moio readily ssltablo. Jtiottled alo it lilli dull t f sa'e, even at low ratot Quotations tie :-Ale.-Bass'» Ho. 8 (new), £10 10B. ; Allsopp'«, 1 ill lOi.; cthor Burton brewura', £8 10«. to £9 j er hbd. ; Joule's Stone, £3 10s ¡Tennent'», £8 I «.ti hbil ; ByxBB's bottled, 9;. 3d.'; London and Colonial Ujoipruiy's, 9»- 8d. to 9s. (ki. ; Allsopp's, I fs. 3d ; other battlers', 8t. to l)s. Stoat-liest I Uandi, £0 10a.; other brewers', £6 10s. por , 1 fcd. : Bynes'», bottled, 11s ; London and Colonial Com. I lanj's, 30i. Oil. ; Barclay'« porter, bottled by Friend, quart!, lOi. Od. ; other oottlois', 9a 0a pordocoa. . tags and tuen».-lu th-i absence of demand throe iT-fholinelshaveCtc'lnedla v»luo. Stocks, bo »over, , 1 tie not hciiy. bit-, net over 12i 6d. to 133. cm bo j ? quoted at the curteot vtluo. Woolpacks have b ooma I icductd, end lelrg lu few bands nevarcoa p-icei aie 1 atked, 4t to 4 . (k1, being the prices sought for. i Connies aro »leo improved, and having boon bought I vp to hole, are «pioted at 81. per dozen. j Butt« louiinues steady at from Is. 2d. to Is. 2J1. per lb. for beat samples, ard the small quantltiet ! anivlng give moro nrmnosi io tho market; with the 1 ehaigo in our seaton, ho«ever, fresh will become 1 n oro plentiful, and prices of imported prrportlonably j recede-. Card os continue in brisk de-mead, and prices aro nell sustained, lol withstanding: the quantities botng Hill placed on the market :-Nova Stearine, Is. 8d. ; belmont sperms, li. Sjd, ; Halo's and Ogleby's, 1B. 2d per lb. Canvas 1B in fair demand for both good and medium loi-s in parcels of moderate extent, (¡notations, 'hewever, ere unaltered, and «till iule at from lid. to 14d per yard fer medium to good. Cement is Billi heavily stocked, but, without chango lu mine, is rather firmer. [Portland quoted it l(Jn Qd" ard Roman at 14«. por barrel. Coal»-Tho advanced season creates a bettor do nurd, but arrival« ol colonial have been heavy ead although tbe btrike at one ot tho Howcaetlo (coljnial) yltB continue«, tho other» aro not affected by It, and the supply is amptc. Price» aro :-S6s. tn 80«. in tbs bay, or 37a to 38a. per ton on the wharf. confectionery.-Stocks aro much reduced and In tho laids of but fow Leidere, who ara ürm in their de r. ard). Assorted sorts are aro saleablo at lid. por lb. Cordage.-The demand remains tncdorate for cord ige-. Good »earning ard roping twluo is ecaicoand Hidily saleable at quotations, Quotatlois are,: lvrope, £30 to £53 ; Kusslan, £10 ; coir, £80 to £33 ; lanilla (assorted), £60 to£5'.l per ton; shop twine, It d, ; twine, acwlnrr, 13d, per lb. Drugs -8 tecka of soda cryatalB aro getting reJuool, :rd prlcei all/ht'y amending, but inquiry ia »till lisch. Opium Is dull of salo and easier in prie. In i ll.er good« under tbla holding thcro Is no change to itpoit.-Opium, Patna, £270 to £275 per choit, dut/ paid ¡prejar-jd, 27«. 6d. to 289,61 per canlstir; aodv crystals, £7 10a. to£8; soda asb, £12 per ton; «ut I bur, ii iur, 20s, per cwt. ; carbonato tods, 17B to 13 '. Íet cwt, ; tarianc acid, 5s Od, per lb. ; cream ef tartar, s 6d. per lb. Earthenware.-The Harket is bat modrrately steeled, at d woli-aiiotled saleable to a limited ox tent. Flin, Dried and Ealted-Herrings aio",in moro de- mand, and Rood qualities saleable. Unie flin con t'nues In moderato inquiry, prices for pr me belog unchanged. Quo'allons are:-Ung, 4d. ; tic-rings, red, two dizen tin-, 28«. to 27s ; it lute, in Arkins, lOj. to 11B. ; in tins, 6s. to 6s. Cd. Flour and drain.-tho markets havo varied but little duritg- the noun, .and prises havo scarcalj charged. Ino demand for flour has been chu fly for in.mediato uso and shipment to Few Zoalaul, no speculative feel ng having been exhibited. As yet tho tupflles from mc neighboring colonies to this port have been v. ry modorate, und eo long as th.y con linne so, pr.cos hero aro likely to ml» about cm.-nut; rates. Tho tixrhot today cloaca rather firmer, a rispo eitlen to purchase wheat having caused boldon of that grain to ecek advanced pricer, and 4s. Od lu» h'.a ¡ ititi«d for a good parcel. Barley of good qualities for loth malling and feeding purposes 1« In request, uti < iel ally saleablo at quotations. Malt remain» In unod, . isto reqeest, bat pitees arc sea;eely to Arm Oats have been, andaré still, In good request; i.quir , leftover, is hardly so good as at tho beglnnlug of tho ninth, aid a« maize is now coming for «aid heavily cud declining in va'ue, tho prion or cate 1B net likely to advance Quoi allocs ire:-Floor.- Tasmanian, £11 to £ll 10.-.; Adelaide, £12 to £18 ; superfine, £13 10B ; Cali- fornian, £ 0 lCs to £11 per ton; United S tatos, 2>7s. per barrel. Wheat,-Colonial, Is. 0J. to 4s. lOd. ; Adelaide, Is. Ed. to 4«. lOd. ; Californian, 4s. 01. oo. buehel. Oats.-Irish and Scotch, Sa. ed. to 8s. 101 ; Californian, Is, 8d. ; colonial, Is. Id. to 1« Ed. ptr lutheL Barley.-Halting, 6«. 6d. to es Od. ; focdlnj, te. to le. 6d. per bushel. Halzc, Sydney grown, 4s. to li. 2d par boiboi. Malt, d p, 10s. 6d to 10s. Oil. C-iam, £9 10s. to £10 per ton, Bran. I« 4J. por Ittebel. Scotch oato-eal, £16 to £19 ; colonial, &15 | per ton. Frultl, Pried.-Irqulry continue» inodtrnto for table fruits, but fifth »on« boing over, lu-provtd In I quiry lor dried inay itiuunably bo looked i"r. Our- lants In good demand, and saleablo al CJd. per lb. for scod iamplee. Quotations are-Currants, Did. to CJd. ; raisins, new Huscatcl, OJd to lOd ; Cape, 7d. tt- 7jd. ; figs (Turkey) 6jd. to 7U. per lb., duty p*U. Groceries-Coffeo icmalns very Arm In pr'ce, and with the moderate stock <n hand and s'rniy mmatid, tie likely to be tully auctamed. By t. Moa, a parcel el Manilla bas been placed at 9d. ; Ceylon plaut-uion, 12d. ; native, 91. per lb.,In boid. Hie eugar Harket is less buoyant, Holders are tolerably firm, but the tiade appear uuailllng to Increase their tit des at ¡.usent rate?, and purchase with caution 1'rlccs, iitwever, havu umiorgono bat linio chingo The cargo last arrived-tbo Qrocian Queon, from Mauritius- it as aiiposed ef privately yesterday, tho pilco not having trt-nspliei. Elco during tha last week or two has teen in b- *. moderato tt-qulry. In« Icoicr, from Calcutta, with some 9 JO tons, arrived to-day, but as this caigo was sold to arrive, prices aro not likely to bo li fluenced. Quotations are :-OolToe(ln bond)-CojIon .plantation, Vii.; native, Od.; Java, 8d. told, per lb. Is ligar (duty paid)-Cossipore, No. 1, 53s. to 5<s.; ti auritiue, low to Uno yellow, 87s. to 11B. ; low to uno blown, 82s. to 36s. per cwt. Bice.-Patna, £22 10s. to £23, d. p,, per ton. ] Tea.-Messrs. fiobtrtGon and Everard supp'y thi ] annexed report :-" Iho arrivals ol tea iluc-i the, til .i I of our last circular have been heavy-viz, the Fdttard ion Beaulieu, frcm Whampoa, with 6,073 packajts; the Nil Desperandum, from Foo-Onow, via Adelaide, ti itb 3,780 packages; the Herman, ficm Foo-Lhow, « 1th 6,164 packages. The cargo of tho fell üetporauduui, and the fancy teas per E. von Beaulieu tro the only ones as jot placed on the marks'. Iho feature« of the month have been thoarilval of sjmo green teas, vhlch havo been «old at very lull ratee, aid the (liebig by auction of tho cargool tho Nil Desperandum, which caused a considerable decline on the rates pre- viously rul'iig. Wo may also mention, that this ship brought three small chops of Uno souchong, wh ch told at auction at 2s. 2d. per lb We can only express i ui regret that the Imponer received men poor en- couragement ; we cannot, however, but t oilovo that n;oro money could have been roallzed it a resirve lad been placed upon thtm; a market has, how tver, been made for tbla elass of tea, and It should now bo judldouBly supplied. Wo may hero also mention that stock« ot tho lowen Liadcn ot cot cou aro graduilly bicoiulug less, and tbo prico lu conecquinco ia improving A chop of veryoidluarj, thin and kw, with a fairteh leaf, sold ty auction at lid. ; and wo aro given to understand a j,onion wa: reola a*. anaCnnce Of Id per lb. His eeles by auc ion during the month Lavo been int íortant. Wo glvo below the price» rea'iecd, and characters o: the same, wMch trill show how unevenly teas of a similar characttr tell during the course ela lew week«:-nay 2-0 269 package per Maggio M'Lcan. Ko, 75-356 balf-chests cotigtiu, a good looking black leaf congou, bnt thin and edd in liquor, told at le. lid. Ko". 77-22choBt« congou,but mkdiincr, rather strong, burnt blacklth leal, tod at le. 6Jd. Ko. 79-89 half chests but middling to ui'ddting toa. lather stiong, flavoniy, told at la. PJI. ho. 83-294 chests pitt, to but middling black leaf, rathor Btrong and full, sold at Is. Ed. No. 81-291 chest«, but mid- dling black leaf, »trong burnt, Bo-How kind, hold at li. Bid. Per Edward von Eoaulisu-700 boxes occntod orango pekoe, but middling to middling ica, scented, long black leal,' sold at le. lid, ; 72 tnx-s imperial. Ill bcxei gunpowder middling tec, fresh and strong burnt, sold at 8s. 8d. 200 cheats hyeon ikir, ordinary coarse, dark glazed leaf, sold at Is 6d SI half cheats gunpowder, but ti ido ling to. middling tea, rathor strong burnt, sold at Su. Id. 2C0 boxes youug hyson, but middling to middling tea, rather strong burnt, patt sold at 2s. Od. May 9-800 pickages, damaged portion ol tho M-igilo fa'Lean's cargo, eoldat le. 8Jd. to Is. 9Jd psr lb 1er net cash ; in some Instsnces, more morey vvas is «Used than too value of the Bound for terms iliy 14- Ab;ut 8,000 paoksgeswers tried,viz,:-Per Hil Itiperauioum.-Ko., 1-261 cbeits coigou, but mid ellng, blackish leaf, rathsr old, eold at Is. Id. No. 2 -103 chests coigou, but middling, blaeLisb leal, frcih burnt, sold at 1«. 3Jd. Ac. 3-107 choit», lut middling, blackish leaf, rather strone-, rathor Ireken loaf, cold at Is. Id. No. 4-158 chests, let middling, blackish leaf, tatber etiong, ana I risk burnt, Bold at Is. Id NOB. 5, 8, and lo -Iii (bests toueheng, middling tea, rather strong, true, and rich, aiuoaong fi.vour, sold at 2a. 2d, Ko. 6-,91 1 alt-chests congou, but middling, blackish leaf, burnt, wita itrccgtb, sold at IB. 41.- NU 7- l-o 1 alf-cheats congou, but middling, blackish leaf, rather cid, Bold'at Is £d. No. 9-C9 half cliei B, but mlddllnii, blackish leaf, lather »trocir, ll»h, burnt, sold at 1». IJd. No. 11-100 balf-ctsetts, tut middling, rather strong, citar, largo dark leaf, told at la. HO 12-181 half chest«, ne last No. 13 - 118 half- chests tea, rather strong, little eoueiion-r " flavour, «old at Is. 8d. Ko. 14-184 half-chcats "ood e idirary coarse burnt, large dark leaf, «old at Is. Ko«. 16 lo C1-1,087 ten catty boxoa com ou, so'd ot 1 «. Oil. lois. 7d.j tbo b'X0B,wlth tho cicepl'on e.f ^o. li', -ti ere ol the burnt blackieh leal klnda.tbat nu.^ ter ieuf ol the ilavoury description. Per Adelicla -Ko .7 ' 102 cheats congou, ordinary congou, tbin ar d low, told t.t lid. Ko.S9-109half-cheste.bul mlddllng,'ra'.hercoar n \- «)¡dihinbnrnt,ioldatls.2d,No.38-lilhjdf-chestn, bat middling, lather strong, rather burnt, spld at Is. 3', Way 'lu.-200 palkagee damaged, jar K11 De- sperandum, sold at very full rate«, the contmo-n bal behests realizing Oa. to 12s. Cd. over the lound parcels. Black Teas- Congou.-Some vory Hrste .'parcels have changed bands during i tho ii ¿nth, and, until the forced salo of the cargo of thelSll;Detpcrandum,at about last month's rat01 ; tie] maiket bos, however, somewhat recovered ubi* fórood sale, and several parcels hare changed 'linds-»ino*-tbe auction at an advance on talo pines Low congous are decidedly hardening, at the1 stocks become gradually dlmlnlthed ; /jr inthtr' pavleu'iia we rcfrr tn the au u ii ,Ve» 11.U «yta'lU.Ut, »U.IM.>. auluAUbg Vi» tittil», lifcelf to become a favourite tea, li supplies come fortvtr.l. ta'et» ot good at 2». 2d, by »acton.. Scented oraneo pekoes have been dealt in iparlngiy daring the month, st a slight decline ; the long black Canton leaf in. ' Is. lid.; the small greenlih mixed Foochow lint at 2 . Sbenaiket la not supplied with scented ctp¡r. Cf other blacks wo have no special remarks to make Gtcen Teas.-The small parcel received the latteroc«! «f lut month brongbt fall trices the market u tg. In biro. A tal» is reported of » p»rccl to arrive. 1 ut prices have not transpirod. The tatt ihiomon. ltailzed Is. 01 for hyifnskln, 8B. Id. to 8s. Sd. for tin p« titi and gnnpowder, únd 2s Od. for young hyson." Cunpowder exhibits mora firmness. Holders or tut blattlpg are asking 8}d.,nnd unwilling to sell ni der that price. < Bops are unchanged in price», and in middling In qriiy only. Pilcos :-Kent and Sussex, I860, Is. lOd, te, li. ; 1861, 2» 8d. to is. ii. per lb. Í »rdware aud Ironmongery are amongst tbe fe« a tlcles In which no Improvement has occurred. Thor J li seal eely any Inquiry, and tales are difficult to 6floc. Ketala,-Demand has Improved. Corrugated gal- vin zed Iron is fast reducing In stock, prices aro SID er, end have evory appearanco of Improvement. i rp lo and X iron are in more request, and p le» atvitcing. Plate lion dull. Zlno has become ««»ice, and ii in good inquiry. Stocks ot, shoes had are much reduced, and sales havo been n ade at advance on former quotation», Tin plates are plentiful, but taleable, faith tho steady cm it option. Merewood"» patent corrugated galvanized tinned, 24 and 28 ganges, £84 per ton ; Horewood's cor- rugated galvanized, No. 2, or unturned, £88 do. ; Helper's do., £8810s. do.; Hamilton's or other En* litb maker's, £82 do.; Scotch, £80; Horewood's ;»lvanlzed tinned plain, 20 and 28 gauges, £10 <e. : Tapper's, or other English makers, £85 do. ; f retch do., £86 do.; rod and bar, best Staffordshire 1 rands, BBH, £10 do. ; do., Scotch, £910s. do.; plate, ii! do.; sheet assorted, £16 do.; anglo and T, US do.; hoop, £12do.; pig, et 10s.do.; Swedish, r t aale. Lead-Pipe, assorted sizes, £28 to £29 do, - ti eel, milled, allotted, £26 do.; shot, assorted! 4.80 do. Quicksilver, Is. 8d. por lb. Steel-Blister, >£2 6». per cwt. : cut, £210a. do. Tin-Block, Is. Od. tola. Sd. per lb. ; plates, charcoal, IO, plates, char :ral, IX, 16 per cent, advance. Wiro-Fencing, black, £1810». perton;ga!vanIzcd, No». 1 to 6, £18 do. Z re- Boiled, light, £82 do. ; do. nails, £2 8s. to £2 JOi. wrowt. Oilmen's Stores-With light stocks and miall sup- plies arriving, holder» are very firm ai.d pr.cos con- tinué to Improve, Indeed large parcels »re d.fllcult to prceuro, especially of pickles, salad oil. fruits Jams, or sardines. Quotations aie as follow: ¡lae, thumb, lid. per lb.; corrio powder, quarts. Us. to 14s. per dozen ; fruits, bottled, quarts, 10». 6d. ;do.; Jams and 'cilios, lib. tins, 11s. Od. do. ' lobsters, lib. tins,American, 8s. Od. do.; macaroni 7id. per lb.; vermicelli, white, Naples and Conon, Cd. do.; mustard, in bulk, Ko B, 8Jd.dc>.; do,, in lib. bottles, 12s. ed. per dozon; do., lu Jib bottles, 8s. do ? cstmeal, £19 to £20 per ton; ojaters, preserved, i lib, Uni, 16s. Od. per dozen ; do , 21b. tina, 17s. to id. do. ; pickle», quarts, 11s ed do. ; do. pints. Iff. do.; preserved meats, 21b. tins, wanted lalid oil, pints, 14s. per dort n ; do., half-pints, 7«. Bd. do. ; salmon, preserved, lib. tinB, 17s. ed. do.; sardines, halves, 11s. do. ; do., quarters, 7i, 6d do.; sancos, assorted, half-pints, 8s. do.; do. Wcrcertershlre (Lea and Perrins'), 12s. to 12s. Od. de. ; starch (Oounan'e), 6}d. per lb. ; vinegar, brow» (Champion's 24), la lOd. per gallon ; do., concen- trât ed, quarts, 9s. to 10B. per dozen ; white wine, Is. ed zer Kallon. Olli, Faints. ¿ce.-A favourable change bas at length eccnned let theso goods. Turpentine is scarce. Lin feed oil In few bund», who look fra further at) val) co. vTbtts lead ii of ready iilo, but red somewhat du'I. Chinese oil Isdell of sale Pries arc-Linseed oil (HW), 4i. 9d. ; boiled, 4i. Od.; colza, 6B.¡ Chlnoir, it. 3d.; turpentine, 81 per gallon. Whitelead, bott, St».; redlead, 28s. per owt. Piovliion».-A general tcarcity prevalía for all de. icriptioss In gocd condition, Sound hams and bacon sie icatcely to be net with. Pork la very scarce, an 1 -wanted. Cheese, of prime quality, ia also low In Block, »rd very saleable. Quotations are :-Bacon-Varey':, I 14d.;Sinclair's, 14d ¡Compton'«, 13d. Hams-Varey'« I ltd. to 14Jd.; Sinclair's, 16d. ; Cumberland,>il2d. ; Westphalia, 8d. per lb. Cheese- Double Olouccslti.-. li. Id. to Is, 2d. ; Wiltshire, Is Id. ; Cheshire, Is. 11 to Is. 2d. ; Gonda. 7d. to Sd. per lb. Pork-Iriar. ness, £6 per barrel ; beef, £4 per tierce. Salt.-A few laloB by auction have been made, at £8 6s. for Liverpool coarse, £3 fir floe, and £216e. to £8 per ton for rock Spirits.-The market for brandy is slightly weakor ; seme large parcel) tavo chinked bands at n I eduction on formel quotations. f.alei of M»r till'i are repotted ia I JW as Its Od.; but the jietent price »iked Is 11s. Od. Whiskey Is rt'H naree, and In demand Geneva continues to pass lesdiiy Into contumpllon; a large parcel taken on 1 peculation has tended to give more firmneBs to pi ices. Bum of the lower strength! IB In Inquiry ai quotations. Old tom still doll or sale. Quotation* ne:-(In bond).-Brandy, Martell's dark, 11s. Od ; [ile, 11s. Sd. per gallon; Henneasy's do,, 11s. 9il. 1er gallon; pate, 11s. ed.; Otard'B, 10s. id. do.; I tilted Vineyard Proprietors* do., lOi. 9d. ; Chim rigne Vineyard Proprietors' Company's do., IO-«. I'd., palo 11s. do.; Ttnegrowers', 10a. Od. do.; tiihcr branda do., 6». to 8s. Gd. Jo.; pole, Mar- tell's or Hennessy'», 81s. per dozen cato; do . I). V. Proprietors', 29s. do.; Vlneerowera', 20a. do ; CLimpagne Vineyard Proprietor»' Company's, 26» tu 17». do.; Olouzeau's,24s. do. Geneva--JDKZcrkur band,l8«. 6d. to 14s pet four-gallon ease; do., do.,?* fe*, per haIf-cr«M> ; do., other brands, 10s, to 18s. pat cale Gin-London old toro, bett brands, 2S. 6d 5er gallon ; do., do., l8». Od. per doten. Kinn- iel India, 20 to SO o.p" Is. Od. to 2s. 3d. pcrrAllo.i ; Weit India, 10 to 12 op., Sa 01. do.; do., ;20 t 80 o.p., 8a. Dri do. wbltkes -Irish, Uehan'o, 4s 9,1 do.; Scotch, ix'it, 4s. Sa. do. ; do., bett brands, 13« p/r dozen cr.».«. limber.-Btoels of Amtilcan lurcbor aro much r. irred, at are thus oí ita title and doab). Inquiry h tu irr proved, aud p« lera h« vein upward tendency. !'QU-J lattens :-Oreg'.n, £8 lu«, to £9 loi. por 1,000 Ico-. Ctr"»!-Logs, v2i. tuî7-, per loo feet; board» 1-lu.ih ned upward», S2«l. to id. per foot lupor. Lumtrr ard thelving, *0 10K, to £10 10»'. per 1,000 for. Deal»-Bed,'9 l8, 6Jd. per fodt ; 11 x8, 7¿á. J t. Scotch-prepared flooring, 6 x 1J, ljd pet foot ; 6 x ?, Ila. do.; 6 x }, lfd. do. ; 6 x j, l}d. do. Piten or hard pino, 1-Inch, £15 per 1,030 feet; li-lüc-h, £16 do. Clear pine, 1-incu, £19 to £20 per 1,0.0 feet. Tobacco.-Largo ipsou'ntivo purchases havo b°cn rradoln this arliclr, and, ttt des being mostly clcaml c ut el first bands, no reliaUe quotations con bo glv ti the ad van cid prieta sought torbling excessive. /1 sr exemple cf ptlcc«, a porci! rf 34 cases Mscali'ei '«, 10'»., bndly damaged, was p'aced to-iisy by auctlo i ..1 le. lid per lb. ; Tt lees -The domard li still very inactivo, and, vi ¡1 ctntlderable stocks offering, pries keep low, MELBOURNE MARKETS. FBTDAY,.MAY 23, IHK KIUJB Fleur continues in fair demand, at uur.'Urod prico-. Illllcra' quotationa ara ;-£1116». to £15 ptr ton ; o» - neal, £26 per ton; bian, Is. id ; when, 4c, fid. to la Sd. per buBbel. KKTAIL HABKEIS. Butchers' Mest.-Beef, 2d to lid. por Ib.; mutton 8d. to lid do. ; veal, Cd. to Sd do ; pork, 3d. to I'd'. do. Poultry.-Turkey«, Ca to 8« each; geese, Uä. to 3 8«. per pair; docks, 6s Od tods. 6d do ; fowls,-11. 6d to 6s. do. ; rabbits, 8s. 6d. to is. Od. per brae* ; butter, fresh, 2s. 8d. to 2s. 6a. per lb ; er- gs, 2s 0 1. to 8s. per dozen; milk, 8d. p«r quart; bread, 6d. to 7d. the iib. loaf. HAY MARKEr. Tbe supply baa been qui.« < quai to tho demand, b it pile» of hay, particularly ef tho better BOIU, ara quite» sustained, fctraw has been pleut- fiilly tu;,piled, nun ralos are scare ly supported. Quo allots ¡ra:-B is hay, £9 to£î 10s ; infer or ni diciontl s --,«, £7 u £8 10s. per ton ; «tra», £1 :><£5!6s. per tun. EASrKBN HARKKi'. There was about r-n avera>.o supply of all doscrlo lloiifl of seaeonahlo vecéis bios ; demand, however, wes but moderate, and about last weok's pile-« prevailed, which may be qintcd as follow- : -Vegetables:-Beans (kldnoy), 8d to lil por lb ; beet, Is. to 2s. per dozen ; biu-pieti, 6s. per dozen ; cabbage«, 2s Cd. to 6), per doren ; carrot», CM. to js Cd. per dosen bunch»; cauliflowers,Is. te03. por denn;celery,2s to6s pcrricEtjrnhuechi>s;crBSi-,wau-. Is. to Is. Cd. pcrdocou b inches; garlic, 8d per lb ; hoiroradlth, 2s Cd. per dozen atleks; leets, l8 per deien bunches; lettuce, 2s. ptr iczen; marjoram, Od per dozen buntboB; mint, od per doren beliebt.-; i nions (dried), 20i to 24a pen cwt, oars'oy, li to la. 31. t-ti dozen bunohcB; panul; i, la Od to 2s. per douall conches; pea«, 61. por lb ; p'taloc«., 6«. Od. to tie reicwt. ; do (joung), IJd f-erlb. ; pumpkin», at te» it. per dozon ; radish, Od »cr loira buachot ; ia: o, u per dozen buuehea; sprouts, Si. fer e'ozsn ; ttiym-, Sd per dozon bunohea ; lorulp», ss. to 2« OH. ptr deten bunches ; tomatoes. Id. to I'd pet lb, ; i u^e-'.a'i'.n narrows, 2s. to 3a. per dozen, fruits -Appioi, 2Jd. to 4i. per lb. ; melons (reck). Simper d-zon ; pearl, Id. to 0J, per lb ; quinces, 2d. per lb. Otlry Piodnca.-Butter, 2» 2d. to 2j 3d. por lb. ; duclr*, 5», to 6B. Od. poi pair ; egge, 2s Gd per doz---n ; gee.' t-, 8a io> lOi.per pair; hens,3s. 6d to di Od. p-r patr; pliroout, 2a. per pair ; perk, 8d. to 9d. per lb, ; rabbitr. 3>, ta- ll Cd. per pair; sucking pigs, 6s. to Us. each; ti - keys, 10s per pair. WOOI/, TALLOW, HIDES, 4,c Messrs. J. H. Olongh and On. f urnUh ti o eubj incd icpoit:-" Woo).-Sinco our last monthly report ou tho 26th ult, per Bombay, thero his boen nochatgi ef Importance to note lu tht« rxatkot. The arrival ot tho mail ship Northam, «lib >-ugll.h advicoa up io the 26lh March, repotting an advauco of Id, to ljj on Peit Phillp wools, has had Hi tlo or no effect. I'n-ro are no stocks on band, except a few fellmongota« wcole and some small parcels of Now Zealand grow.b, which bavo not boen affi cted by tbo Intelligence, the lito In tho homo markets alludod to having oecurnd iiom the uaprccodonttdly small quantity forward ia lime f -ir the February aalos. Tels has ariton from fia leuelsrepor.ed having been kept back by contrary «airds, and the consequence is, that the quamba- ' «lrcady arnved for tho May sales Is io much larg r tban usual, that» declinóla that terles Is looked tor. In tbls market a -mall salo wai I»Id sires our last, at, which aboat 300 bales were placed; and we hivn uld, by privato commet, ecvor.l small loti, a; jilees ruling Item lOd, to 13d, for grcaiy (ih.i litter pr*co having been obtained for a superior lit of New Zealand greasy); 17d. to lOd for tîeoca î ltd. to21d for Bcouied ; at-d 13d to 141 1er h.nd vteehed The custonis clearances havo bren from A pril 26 to May 17,1802, 611880.b, £740 value ; adl 1 ret louis shipments, from OctoborlO, lbUl, to April IO, 1E62, 14.776 7161b.. £1,10?,«Í63 ; totr-t, 15,288 0261b., £1,109,198 value The following lunn havo cleared #lth «toi tinco our la't, viz :-Ar»H 23, Ortvell wlih 632 1 ales on board ; May 12, Swlfiauro, with t-43 baloi on leard ; total, 1,475 bales ; add previous shlpmttnts horn October 10, 1861, 80.283 biles ; total, 81,753 la'es. Tallow,-Thero has bein a fair amount t f Inquiry for shipment by the meichante, although the balk ha« been shipped on account of the rcelter. Prices of beef and mixed havo advanced slightly «lae« cur last, and may now bo quoted at from £35 to £37 ter ton, and mutton from £10 to £13. Those latter j rices, however, for n utton tallow aro only obtainable for local uso. Tho shipmonts during the month hive leen-April 28, Orwell, 045 onks ; Kay 12, Swiftlure, Í71 do. Total, 1,019 casks. Hides -Ihero ha« beon nothing doing tinco our last irport. ¿teeta have been sccumnlatuur, end largo shipments are now about to le made. Good bides in ?hipping order, delivered alongside, are worth from 12s ed, to 18s. Sheepskins. . We bave disposed of lèverai lots, at from Id. to'7id. 1er lb. for follmongering." ' LAfODR MABKFT. ' - ! ' ' . te kquiry lui auvsu-U c1 all deacrlptlen« for the, " ce tilrj bit benn very medetnU thron« htnt tht week, I ard monly eoi flneo 10 minlrd couplets, ploughmen, »>r ti finn lervtnt». With tbeixcptlonof men cooks '»id walli», tbeteha» been no dtrnard for male do- ne 11 ici. Ftmalo I'rvanli ttllh rotpectable re Hitrcea cintii.no in tteadj rcquott, at fall tates ol wtgoi. . Tho lollcwlrg ato about the eui rent latea paying, vuiatloia to meet par- ticular circumUni ciM being eccotlonaliy mide: Harried couples, with famillot, £6« to £S6 per annum ; withcut children, £66 to £60 do.; gardeners, £40 to £60 do. ; grooms, 16a. per week ; shepherds, £80 per jeir; Innkeepers, £20 to £26 do; fcemeral farm servants, 16s. per week ; ploughmen, 2Cs. do. ; bul- lock- drivers on road, 20s do.; do. on farms and stations, l61, to l's. Cd. da ; men cooks, for faurs ard statics», 20a to 26» do. ; cooks for betels, from £1 10». to £2 do. ; walters, 20», to 80s, j do. ; female cooks, from £86 to £60 per year ; general servants, £25 to £30 do. ; nursomalds, £10 I to £26 do ; laundt ernes, £S0 to £36 do. ; housemaids, £26 to £80 do. ; parkuimalds, £26 to £80 do.; car- penter!, 8s. lo 10s a-day ;-malone, bricklayers, black- I injilbs, 8s. to 10c. do. ; pick-acd shovel men, 6s. to 6s. do, ; cuiten »Ed »toro lsbonrer», 86s to 46s. vweek; I qu»rrymen, 8s. to 0s per day ; foticor«, 2i 8d. to S». Cd a rod ; splitting potts and rail«, 20B to 80s. I er 100. HEA.MEVS WAOEB. j The supply of able scatxen li now quito adequate to Ike dcraind, and outgoing ships have KO longer dlffl- I enliy io procuring crotta. Bates rcmMn without cb mge, £4 per month being still tho current rate for 1 The rate» oi caitsgo aro still too unsettled to afford correct quotations of prices. Ibcrn It a considerable «mc nut ol loading foi warding to the country dislr'cti, but drays aro tomtwbat scarce, and pticcsof carriage tro entirely settled by arrangement. 1 - SHIPPING OP THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. j ARRIVAIS AMD CLEARANCES BISCH ouït LAST SDMMART. ' [B., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da.. I Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese ; H., Hamburg ; N., Norwegian ; S" Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Ed., Sardinian; Bolg., Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; s., ship ; i b., barque ; br., brig ; se, schooner ; st., steamer.] . Apiil ARRIVED. ¡ io. Llncointhlre, B s., 1,100, E. Charlton, London.- ' W. P. While and Co. j 26\. Joseph Holmes, A. «, OH, F. II. Bangs, New ' Yak.- Oiborn. Cu hing, and Co. , £C 0. F. testing. H. br, 261, 0. G. Lotting, Manilla. I -Dilgety ar d Co. Í7 -Blue Jicket, B. s,, 1,412, J. White, Otago, N.Z I -Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. | 28\. I. von Beaulieu, 01. b" 877, O. W. Festnfeidt ' Canton,-Fanning, Nankivell, and Oo. I Í9. Victoria, H. M. C. s.a., 7 gun», W. H. NormiD, dom a crnise 80\. Tamana, B. s., 029, J. Mill, Calcutta,-J jinna ; Brother». ! lay 1 floneer, H II. ».»., 7 guns, H. A. Reilly, Singa- pore. 8 tolinga, A. s" 791, 0. Ward, Boston -Kewell and Co. 8 Saxon, B. b., 472, 8. Lows, Vanilla.-Victoria Sugar Company. 6 Bannah Nicholson, B b., 261, J Eooko, Java - W. Nicholson and Co. I 6 Miranda, H. M. s. >., 16 guns, R, Jenkins.- ] Sydney. 6 Clio, B ec, 130, W. ArmttrODf, Mauritius. - ' Joshua Brothers. ; 7 K11 Detperandnm, B. br.,!78, H. Downing, Foo- i Cbow-Foo-Captain. j 8 Independenoo, A. s, 827, R. Crowell, Bow Tork.- . Towns and Co. 9 Oceánica, B s., I 678, P. B. Corbett, Liverpool - , Blight Brothers and Co. 10 Matilda, A. s , ECO, R. Leo, Newcastle, N.8.W.- j Towna and Oo. 10 Northam, B. s. a, W. H. Fottr, Point de Ollie. J. Sparkes 10, Caribbean, B «., 874, J. WIncfccitor, London. Bright Brothers and Co. 11\. Merchant Prince, B. «., 1,746, J. L. H'Lay, Liver- pool.-Lorimer and Co. 15\. Emilie, D. b" 415,0. Biuynseeli, Manilla.-Jishna Brothers. 16, Grecian Queen, B. br., 170, J. U. Bussell, Mirari- 1 tlus - Jotbna Brothers. 16\. Lord Raglan, B. s" 768, T. Hybert, Bluff Harbour, N Z.-Holmes, «if bite, and Oo. 16, Ceres, B. s., 801, J. Cochrane, Otfgo.-HolincB, Wblto, and Co. 20\. Herman, H. b., 248, P. Kcpplcman, FooChow F00.-W. Philpott. 52, Anglesea, B. e., London.-W. P. White and Co, April CLBARKD OUT 20\. Queen or Beanty, B. B, J,S84, B. Ohsinnn, I'clnt de Gallo.-Bright Brothers and Co. 58\. Harriet Ar mitt go, B. b" 190, J. Smith. Newcastle, N.B.W.-Fanning and Co. Ï8. Maggie M 'Lian, B. b., 872, A. Stewart, Newcastle, NSW. Fanning and Co. 28\. OrsoU, B. », 1,109, H Qnln, London-W. P. Wblto and Co. 59\. Alcyone, £. b , 371, W. Gr»y, Guitr.-Captain. 29\. Continent, A. B., 1,083, J. B. Howland, Guam. -Fisher, Ricards, and Co. 20\. Lady Macdonald, B. s, 032, H P. Erumell, Hong Kong.-Rolmes, White, and Co. 29\. Louisa Hater, A. »., 854. W. Gisnt, Guim,-Fisher, Blcards, and Co. May 1\. Aldivalloth, B. b,882, G. lovle, Guam.-tt'Far lan and Co. 1\. Conferenco B. s., 632, J. G Newlands, Hong Kong -Bright Brotberi and Oo, ¡.Melbourne, B «., 661, J. Cameron, Guam - Miller at d Jo-n on. 8 Batavia, U. b., 442, J. B. F. Grell, Batirla. Tor dour and Co. 8\. Caielteride«, B.b., 379, H. Jenkinr, Ncwcaitl», N.B.W.-Woellev and Nephew. 6\. Gonll, B.s, 076, W. Murray, Guam.-Daîgely aud Co. 6\. Marlon, B.b., 192, D. Flemming, Colombo.-W. Nicholson and Oo. e. Cotmopollct, D b" 424, O. Q Weitonenk, Petro polawsst -Melchior and Co. 7\. Star of Indi», B s, 1,007, P. Bnchan, Callao. Lorimer, Mai wood, and Co 12\. Danube, Sw b , 203, 8 N. Neilson, Fotropolawtkl. -Melchior ana Co 12\. SttlliBnre, li s , 1,8:7, U. B Mayhew, London. W P White and Oo. 12, Vortlgern, B r., 010, W. Dow, (or BlulTHarbour, N, Z.-Doujrlsis De littlo and Co IB. Karlo ot E0:io, F.b" 480, Augebeau, Point de Golle.- J-fkp Broth-n. l8. Kubla, A b, fill, A. O, Bay, Guam.-Woolley anti Nephew I 16 JS. von BeaulloD, 01. b, 877, O. TY. Fesonfeldt, Sydney.-Fanning, Nankivel), and Co. 16 Bindoo, En. b., 470, J. Rasmusstn, Fctropo lawíkl -Fannii g, Nankivell, ard Co 36\. Sophia Konlcgen der Hedorianden, D s., C51, L. Klelm, Sydney -01-vo Brothera and Co. 10 Caspian, B. e , 1,018, W. Evans, Callao.-Hyam and Oo. l8 Nor' Weiter, i. »., 1,568, B B. Almy, Biker'á Island.-Fisher, R'.cirds, and Co. 16 Qacon ci Au trill», B B, 1,258, Q. J, Rudolf, Callao.-Gibbs, Ronald, and Oo. 17\. Joseph Holmes, A. s, 602. F. H. Barry, Calcutta. -Osborn, Gushing, and Co 17\. Bha-wmut, A. s" 1,086, L. W. Merrill, Blufr Har . nour, N Z -Towns aid Co. 10\. Seaman's Brido, A. s, 778, A. B Wyman, Vau eouvt t't Island.- Lewis nod Co 20\. Kronprlnsen, Bw. »., 0. E. Bn'.hon, Polrûiio'a*6lU. -Mo'cbior and Co. 21\. Atabla, B. «, 903, O. Forrest, Point do dallo - Erlabt Brothers and Oo. 21\. Nil Deepen andum, B b., 977, H. Downing, Einga poro.-W. IlarrlBonandCo. 21\. Tubal Cain, A. ? , 661, O. H. Clark, Ne weat ile, N S.W.-Hayward and Co. «--- .i. «a» . i«. 