SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The month has been signalized by the opening of the Government Railway into the heart of the interior. The Murray River Railway, the chief of our main trunk lines, previously open to Kyneton, fifty-six miles from Melbourne, was on the 15th inst. opened to Castlemaine, some twenty miles farther ; and on the 20th, another twenty-five miles, to Sandhurst, was travelled over. Sixty miles more will carry the line to Echuca, on the Murray, and there, ac- cording to present understanding, the railway system, as far as Government is concerned, will terminate. The engi- neering difficulties to be overcome in the remaining portion of the line are quite insignificant, and for one-half of the distance absolutely nil, the line running over a dead level, and having only to cross the Campaspe in its way. This last section will, it is expected, be completed before the end of 1863, when the entire colony, from the sea to the Murray, will be traversed by a line of railway which, for stability of structure, magnitude of incidental works, and specimens of skil- ful mastery over engineering difficulties, will bear favourable comparison with any- thing of the kind. The viaducts, embank- ments, cuttings, and tunnels, would sur- prise many people in England, although large numbers doubtless saw in the Illus- trated London News of the 9th August last, a well executed and accurate wood- cut of the Moorabool Viaduct on the line between Geelong and Ballarat. On the portion of the line opened this month, there is a viaduct crossing the River Coliban. This consists of five arches of bluestone, each sixty feet in span and seventy in height. There is another at Taradale, composed of five spans of 130 feet each and 120 feet high. Through Mount Elphinstone is a tun- nel four hundred and twenty yards long, and the Big Hill is pierced by another tunnel of the same length. These, and many other works of great magnitude and engineering difficulty, are executed in a manner that would not discredit any line in England. We need not here enter into further detail, or describe the enthusiasm which prevailed in Melbourne, Castlemaine, and Sand- hurst when the line was at each of the last-named places declared to be opened by the Governor. All here are sufficiently alive to the national im- portance of the events celebrated on the 15th and 20th of October, 1862, to enter heartily into the jovial celebrations by which they were inaugurated. This main line, running through the richest gold and agricultural districts in the colony, will soon be fed by branch lines penetrating the country on either side, delivering into the main artery of the system local wealth of every kind, and transmitting from it all the necessaries and luxuries of life accumulated in Hobson's Bay and Melbourne. The insano cry as to tho failure of the Land Act, in throwing open the land of the colony to any but squatters and speculators, of whioh montion was mado in our last; summary, Las been in- dustriously kept up during the past month. Wo showed in the Bummary of The Argus for the September mail how small a foundation this ory had then, and returns wo print to-day provo that it has still less truth in it now. Every day have the people been told by those who profess to bo their only friends, that, the best land of the colony was rapidly passing into tho hands of squatters and speculative capitalists ; and that they, the people, wore boiDg swindled out of their inalienable right to tho soil, which was becoming the property of these hate- ful jobbers and largo owners as quickly as it was opened for sale. "The Land Bill a Swindle " has been the stook phrase, and the standing heading in up-country newspapers and in i portion of tbo metropolitan press from tho day tho act caine into opera- tion. And, as is generally tho oatse, tho upholders of this ory havo inoreased in virulence and noise as tho glaring in- justice and gross falsehood of the ory became moro and more apparont. The returns wo piint to-day show that of tho million and a half acres left open for selection whon those commented upon in our summary for tho last mail wcro sent in, 222,360 acres have boen selected within the month which has since olapsed, being about one-seventh of tho whole. Of this quantity, 156,994 aorcs havo boon purohased and alienated without any competition. So that in this there can have been no "swindling" going on. There was the land for sale, and whoever wanted it bought it without rivalry, or even risk by lot. The remaining 65,366 aorcs were sold after competition by lot. So that seven- tonths of tho land alieu atcd up to the 22 nd of Soptember lost have been taken up without compe- tition, and three tenths havo boen com- peted for by lot. Of course, all wo can know, about the oases of "swindling" and "illegality," so much talked of, is by the complaints lodged at the office of Lands and Survey, by injured parties seeking for the ample protection afforded by the bill against evaders of its provisions. Of these there have been two only, be- sides those spoken of last month. On going a little more into detail, it is found that in only six out of nineteen districts has any competition by lot boen neces- sary ; and in these, with ono exception, only for a small proportion. The excep- tion was Hamilton, where, naturally, in so rich a distriot, muob oompotition took plaoe. But oven there 23,228 acres havo been alienated without oompotition, agtinBt 31,944 aores, of whioh tho lottory had to decido who was to bo tho owner. In Ararat, 20,892 acres wore sold without competition, and 736 by lot; and 19,611 wore leased without oompotition, while for 736 the lottery had to decido. So rouoh for tho " gieantio land swindlo." The cry will doubtless still bo heard ; for U is about tho. only cry left to stump orators and their organs. In Ecgland, however, people will now bo able to judge of its value. Wo wcro »gain fortunato this month in re- ceiving the Eoglieh mail before ita t.utu, the Madras, Captain S ¡ead, with the August mail on board, having reached King George's Sound on tho night of the 2nd of the month, after an un- usually rapid run from Galle, which port the steamer left on the 18th of September. Unfor- tunately, however, tho Madras waa detained some forty-three boura at the S ound, instoad of tho usual twclvo occupied in coaling, the Northam, with the outgoing mail, having arrived thero only two hours before her. But for this detention we should have received our letters and papers at least two da} a before they were duo, instead of one day, as it happened. Tho tolo gram, by way of Adelaide, however, was ro oeived as early as the 7th. The Madras had a pleasant voyngo from Galle, having boon . fa- voured with fair winds and calms during the run. The Northnm, with the mail for England, steamed from tho bay at two o'clock on the afternoon of tho 2Gtb, and as it turned out, her punctuality was unfortunate for New Zealand, whoBO mail again failed to reach Port Philip Bay in time to bo transhipped from the one steamer to the other. It was intended that tho City of Hobart should leave Port Chalmers on tho 12th, with the New Zealand mail, but severe adverse gales on tho trip from Melbourne thence delayed tho arrival of the Btoamor, and although she was witina sixteen miles of Otigo Heads on tbe lGth, Captain Darby was obliged to put his vessel's head about, ana seek shelter at Bluff Harbour. He succeeded m rcscbiag Port Chalmers at nine o'clock on the night of the 18th, discharged 100 tons of cargo, tcok on board 230 tons of coal, ombarked the mail, and sailed for Melbourne at eight o'clock on tho morning of the l'Jtli. Heavy gales bad again to be encountered by the City of Hobart, in fast Ciptntn Darby kept his vcsel at sea m weather from which, under other circum- stances, he would have been fnin to seek »bolter, but notaithstandiug all his efforts, tnd tbo fact that a very rapid run was made under such ad verse circurriBtanceB, Captain Darby only arrived off Capo Schmidt in time to seo tho Northam steam out from the Heads, He immediately gave I chnso to the mail steamer, aud mado every effort ' to attract her commander's attention, by signsls, I rockets, and blue lighlB, hut tbo Northam I would pay no attention to tho City of Hobart , and as night «as by thiB time fall- ing, Capttin Dtrby was obliged to put ' about, entir the Ileads, and Bteam up the bay, and so for tho second time the New Zea- land mail wis not in timo to catch tho English steamer While on this subject, we muy add that very ttolent gales havo been experienced dunug the past monta along our own toasts and those of the neighbouring colonies The hiaty woathor at sea haï been very obstructivo to shipping, v.hilo many of our inland districts have been visited by violent gales. Undoubtedly the event of the greatest ím- portance to this colony during the past month has been the opening of that section of the Mur- ray River Railway onwards from Kyneton to Castlemaine and Bendigo, the opening to the former having taken place on Wednesday, the 15th, and to the latter on Monday last, and with the line now open to Bendigo, one of our oldest and most important gold- fields, another gigantic stride has been made towards the completion of the great railway undertaking inaugurated in this colony some four years ago. Of course such an auspicious event could not be allowed to pass unhonoured, and both Castlemaine and Bendigo have been the scenes of great and successful demonstrations. On Wednes- day, the 13th, Castlemaine put on her holi- day garb, and with the assistance of a large number of visitors from various parts, the ma jority from Melbourne, was becomingly joyful at the prospect of seeing and hearing daily the smoke and whistle of the locomotive. But it remained for Sandhurst to make a demonstration which, by comparison, placed that of Castlemaine almost entirely in the shade. Sandhurst was in earnest in the matter, and the crowds which ga- thered in her streets on Monday, to say nothing of the many other ways in which her joy was mado known, was evidence enough that Bendigo recognised the importance of the event she was celebrating. The Murray River Railway has now been carried a distance of 101 miles from Melbourne, and what remains to be done is to extend the line to the Murray, or, in other words, to Echuca, which is to be the terminus; the Government are pledged to that extension, and now contracts will, no doubt, be taken for the work without delay The nature and extent of the works undertaken and performed by the present contractors have been elsewhere described, as well as the substantial and highly finished manner in which they have been executed, and we may only add that the comparatively rapid completion of what must be called, for so young a country, an unparalleled undertaking is a matter of which the colony has just reason to be proud A project of very considerable importance in connexion with our railways may be said to be at present engaging the attention of the Govern- ment, and, to some extent of the public. The directors of the Hobson's Bay Railway Company are the originators of the scheme, and they have recently brought it under the notice of the Com- missioner of Railways and Roads. The proposal is this - that a central passenger station con- necting the various lines of railway now in ex- istence, shall be erected, the site to be the unoccupied land in Flinders street, adjoining the present station of the Hobson's Bay Company. To connect the Spencer street station (Govern- ment railways) with this central station a branch line, running over a viaduct and along vacant land on the south side of Flinders street, is pro- posed, while the Melbourne and Suburban Railway is to be connected with the others by a tunnel passing through the embankment of Prince's Bridge. The cost of the whole under- taking is estimated not to exceed £80,000, or some- thing like one third of the proposed cost of a so- called central terminus near what is known as the old cattle-yards, at the head of Elizabeth street. The promoters of the scheme leave it with the Government either to execute the pro- ject themselves, or to afford the Hobson's Bay Company facilities for carrying it out. The sub- ject, as we have said, is at present under the con- sideration of the Government, and whatever may be the result, it does seem that this proposed central station would be much more acceptable to the public than a station erected on the other site alluded to, which would only be satisfactory to, and convenient for a minority of the inhabitants of Melbourne. Wo had occasion last month to mention tho ro turn of M'Kinlay, tho South Austialmn explorer, and Ins party, after having safely and successfully crossed tbe continent Since that time Mr M'Kinlay himself has made his nppoaranco in Melbourno, aud his rocoption hero h is boon such as to leave that indefatigable and oxpotiencod explorer little lo complain of On all hands Mr. M'Km lay has been moro cordially welcomed, both privately and publicly , and an opportunity was offered the publlo of expressing their apprccta tion of tho services which M'Kinlay and tho equally successful Queensland exploror, Lands borough, havo rendered to the cause of oxplora i tion at a late "monster meeting" in tho Exhibition Building. Never, perhapi, has there boon such an nudtonco tvitbin its walls as assembled to do honour to these two gentlemen. Bvory seat was occupied, and numbers were con- tent with standing room. Several influential gentlemen took part in the proceedings of the cvouing, and resolutions congratulating M'Km lay and Landsborough on their great BUCCPB^PB, and expressive of the admiration which wna felt at the admirable qualities which had beon dis played by these gentlemen as leaders of ex ploring parties, were unanimously adopted And besides this demonstration, there havo been other less public receptions, at which the same spirit has been displayed towards them. In short, Mr. M'Kinlay and Mr. Landsborough havo every reason to believe that the hardshipi thoy en- dured, the successes they achieved, and tho rai portanco of their labours to Australia, aro both understood and appreciated, and likely to be remembered. Tho Annual Exhibition of the Port Philip Partners' Society bas taken place, and has beon a sucoois It extended over three da} s, and on tho last two thero waa o pret'y largo number of visitors to the show-yards. The stock of all kinds exhibited waa good, and in somo esses even of n very suponor description. Thore waa also n fine display of implements and machinery. On the wholo, the show has been one of tho best yet hold under tho auspices of the society. There havo been elections in connection with the Upper Houso of Parliament snioo our Irait summary. For the Southern Province, Mr W J T. Clarke has been elected-hating polled Gd3 votes against the 202 of his only opponent, Mr. Bmbhng For the South Western District, Mr. J Henty, and for the Western Dis not, Mr -feil Black, the retiring members, were re appointed , and, for tho Central Province, Mr Follows has been returned. Tho polling for tbo North Western Provinco takes place on the 1st uf next month. The candidates are Mr l'.olfo-the retiring candidate-and Mr. Campbell, Tho representation of Rodney ir> the Legisla- tive Assembly ia vacant-Mr, Wilfon Groy having at length taken his departure for New testend The following are the arrangements for tho dec tion -dato of ant, Oc 20 day of nomination, Uct 28 , polling day, Nov 1, and return of writ Nov 11 Mr Strickland, a loesl man, has been elected to represent Sandhurst, in room of Mr Denovan It is understood that tbo Minister of Justice is at prosent oni^a^ed in preparing a bill for tho amendment of tho laws relating to liconscd victuallers, and which is to be laid before Parlia ment at as early a date as possible This subject engaged conBidcrablo attention in tho past EOBBIOD The fund for tho relief of the distressed in Ireland has been largely added to sinoo last mail Tho total sum reoeived by the bon Beere ary now amounts to about £7 000 A now gold field, it is said, has bo»n dwovered at tbe hind of the Yarra, about 104 miles from Melbourne, and » small " rush " bas taken place to tbe scene Thero aro as yet, however, no accounts reccivod as lo ita extent or richness. Tho special reporter-whom wo despatched on a mission to tho golif-fielda, and whose iettors have been appearing in our columns from time to timo for the last three months-has now com pletedhialabours Hissketcheshavobeenreceived, both by the mining community and tho goneral public, with miioU ravour, and a desire has been expressed in rutny quarters that the let ers should be published ia a connected form, chiefly for transmission to the old country. Some interest is beginning to be felt on tho subject of thu anticipated arrival of his Royal lIii,hunBS Prince Alfred. The Pnnce's ship, tho Eui yalu«, undortho command of Prince Hohen Ioho, should not now bo fnrdistant from our shores, unless, indeed, she may havo put into St Vin cent or the Capo of Good Hope, and made a stay there. If this has not been tho case, a fortnight or BO should see tho lîurjalus at anchor m Port Pnihp Bay. Geelong has this year beon the scene of tho great intercolonial champion race, and the event excited considerable a tention in our sporting world Tho prize went to 8}dney, Mr Taits Talleyrand having been the winner This is the third time that gentleman lins bad tbo good fortune to carry off champion honours The Victoria Jockey Club hld a tolerably BUO cessful meeting on tbo 16th, 17th, and 18th of the month, and the aisiors to tho Molbourno courso on tbeso da}s had tho pleasure of seeing se\ eral very good races Before the departure of the next mail wo shall be m the full swing of Parliamentary busi- ness, to h HoiiBCs met, mg on tho 7th of next month. There are stveral important measures which must engago the attention of our legisla- tors at an early date, and wo shall most likely hu ve a busy if not a long Basion. RAILWAY EXTENSION. The great event in this month's history of the colony of Victoria has been the com- pletion and opening of another portion of the Melbourne, Mount Alexander, and River Murray Railway. In April last the com- pletion of the line to Kyneton, a distance of fifty six miles from Melbourne, was celebrated, and the Iine has now been finished as far as Sandhurst, forty-four miles beyond Kyneton, and 101 from Melbourne. The ceremony of the opening to Castlemaine, a town mid-way between Kyneton and Sandhurst, took place on tho 16th inst, and the opening of the remainder of the line, from Castlemaine to Sandhurst, was celebrated on the 20th inst. It was in- tended to make one demonstration suffice, but the towns of Castlemaine and Sandhurst were each jealous lest the other should obtain too prominent a share in the felat of the occasion, and hence the honours were divided by having two openings. The Governor, Sir Henry Barkly, was present on both days, and formally declared the two portions of the line open for traffic. His Excellency was accompa- nied by the leading members of the Ministry, and a numerous gathering of members of both branches of the Legislature, as well as several hundreds of the private citizens of Melbourne and other parts of the colony joined with the people of Castlemaine and Sandhurst in the festivities which were held in commemoration of the extension of the railway. The inaugural ceremonies, and all the attendant pomp and cir- cumstance, passed off with complete success, if we except an unfortunate detention of the return train from Sandhurst to Melbourne. The train ought to have commenced its journey back at half-past five o'clock in the even- ing of the same day, but, in consequence of the want of water for the engines, and the delay which occurred before this defect was remedied, the train did not start until early dawn, and between 1,000 and 2,000 persons, including many of the fair sex, were compelled to bivouac for the night in the railway carriages, or beguile the long weary hours by perambulating about the station, or wandering through tho streets of Sandhurst. Ultimately, however they were all safely conveyed back to Melbourne, where they arrived about half past ten o'clock in the morning. No accident, however, to life or limb occurred, either at Sandhurst or Castle- maine, to mar the merrymaking and rejoicing with which the opening of the railway was cele- brated. The completion of the line to Sandhurst termi- nates for the present this section of the Victorian Railways; but another portion of the original scheme of the Murray River line yet remains to be carried out, namely, the extension of the line to Echuca, a distance of sixty miles north of Sandhurst. As the £8,000,000 which has been borrowed by the Government for the making of the Victorian Railways includes the sum necessary for carrying a line to Echuca, no doubt that un- dertaking will very shortly be commenced. The construction of the railway as far as Sandhurst is of itself an event of great importance, and must be an immense help in developing the re- sources of the mining and agricultural districts through which it extends, and in facilitating the further settlement of population. It will also bring the inhabitants of Sandhurst, Castlemaine, and other towns along the route, within a few hours' distance of the metropolitan, and effect a great saving in the cost of the carriage of goods, from which the people will reap a corresponding advantage by the cheapening of the necessaries of life. An idea of the benefit which will be produced in this direction may be gathered from the fact that the district of which Sandhurst is the centre contains a population of nearly 30,000, and the Castlemaine district upwards of 44,000. Besides these two towns, there are seventeen or eighteen stations on the line between Melbourne and Sandhurst, aII representing places which go to swell the population who will be immediate recipients of the advantages conferred by the railway. Advertisements, inviting tenders for the con- struction of the railway from Melbourne to Sand- hurst, were issued early in 1859, and a great deal of competition for the undertaking was excited. After due deliberation, it was decided to let the contract to Messrs. Cornish and Bruce, whose tender was the lowest - namely, £3,356,937 2s. 2d. The estimate of the Government engineer- in-chief was £3,176,814. As a sample of the other tenders sent in, it may be stated that Messrs Handle and Holmes, who were backed by Sir M. Peto and Co., of London, offered to do the work for a sum of £4,151,216 0s.11d., or £794,278 18s. 9d. above the tender which was accepted. By this large sum, therefore, - over three quarters of a million - the colony has gained, while the works have been executed in a manner unsurpassed elsewhere by works of similar charac- ter, and the engineer-in-chief has certified that the contract time has been kept in their construc- tion as faithfully as could have been expected with a work of such magnitude, more especially when the anomalous circumstances affecting the labour market of the colony from time to time are taken into consideration. The work the contractors undertook to perform comprised, amongst other operations, the excavation of 4,900,000 cube yards of material, of which upwards of 2,000,000 cube yards consisted of blasting in bluestone, granite, and other hard rock, the breaking of 1,100,000 cube yards of bluestone ballast , the laying of 101 miles of double line of permanent way, involving the carriage for an average dis- lance of fifty miles, of 40,000 tons of permanent way materials, the erection of 69,000 rods of fencing, the clearing and partial grubbing of 2,500 acres of timbered land ; 70,400 cube yards of tunnelling through hard metamorphic sand- stone ; and the construction of 280,000 cube yards of masonry, in viaducts, tunnels, stream bridges, culverts, and road bridges. Amongst the works of construction included in this contract are the Stony Creek Bridge, Harper's Creek Viaduct, Sunbury Creek Viaduct, Jackson's Creek Via- duct, Riddell's Creek Bridge, Campaspe River Viaduct, Boggy Creek Bridge, Coliban Viaduct, Taradale Viaduct, Elphinstone Tunnel, Forest Creek Viaduct, Barker's Creek Viaduct, Big Hill Tunnel, Kangaroo Flat Viaduct, a number of stream bridges and culverts, and eighty-two bridges for carrying roads under and over the railway. The conditions of the contract required that the contractors should pay to the Government, in cash, within fourteen days of the acceptance of the tender, a sum of £40,000, as security for the due completion of the work. This large sum of money was punctually paid, and the contractors were placed in possession of the land. Beyond the large sum paid down by way of security before the operations were commenced, the contractors had also to provide the necessary plant for prosecuting the works throughout the line. This plant is generally understood to have cost upwards of £250,000. In addition to this heavy outlay of capital, they have had to sub- mit to a deduction of ten per cent, from the value of all work performed by them, that amount being retained by the Government as additional security for the completion of the contract. When it is considered that work to the value of from £20,000 to £30,000 per week was being per- formed when the works were in full operation, it will be seen that a continuous deduction of ten per cent, must eventually havo amounted to an enormous sum. For a long time the labourers employed were paid 10s., per day of eight hours, and masons 16s., l8s., and 20s. per day. At one time, not fewer than 600 horses were employed, the value of which was estimated at £35,000. At Castlemaine a foundry was built for the construction of certain bridges, the valuo of the buildings and plant being set down at £50,000. Not less than thirty-five miles of temporary way were laid down by the contractors to carry on the work. Operations were commenced immediately after the contract was sealed, and were carried on with great vigour; but various matters arose which checked the progress of the works. There were numerous strikes amongst the workmen for all manner of objects, and charges were made against the contractors which led to the appoint- ment of Parliamentary committees, and tedious delays while these committees were prosecuting their investigations. The result, however, was that the integrity of the contractors was proved to have been falsely impugned. Discussions in Parliament as to whether certain deviations should be made in the proposed route of the line also impeded the contractors, and during the present winter progress was greatly retarded by the heavy rains and unusual severity of the weather. Under all the circumstances, the colony has reason to be glad that so great a work has been carried out so faithfully, and with so close an approximation to the time originally proposed. As wo have already indicated, the works in- volved considerable engineering skill. The gra- dients of some parts of the line, too, were unusually heavy, the line having to cross the Dividing Range at an altitude of 1,950ft within a distance of forty-five miles from the sea level. The principal viaduct crosses the valley of the Back Creek, at Taradale. It is composed of five spans of 130 feet each, and is of tho great height of 120 feet. The piers and abutments are built of solid bluestone masonry, the greater part of the stone for which was brought from Malmesbury, partly by the main road, and partly by a tramway laid down for the purpose. The viaduct crossing the River Coliban, at Taradale, consists of five arches, each of sixty feet span, and seventy feet in height. It is built of bluestone, and is the largest viaduct in the colony built entirely of that material. The Forest Creek viaduct is forty feet in height, built on a skew of forty-five degrees, and has three spans - two of fifty and one of seventy feet. The two tunnels are each about 120 yards in length. At present, there is only a single line of rails between Sandhurst and Kyneton - the laying down of the second line having been deferred until the assistance of the locomotive could be called in, to carry on the vast quantity of mate- rial necessary for the completion of the permanent way. Soon after the works were commenced, Mr. Cornish died, and consequently the responsi- bility of seeing that the works were properly car- ried out devolved entirely upon Mr Bruce. It will be satisfactory to those who have ad- vanced the capital for the construction of the Victorian Railways to know that the Ministerial head of the Railway Department estimates, from the amount of traffic upon those sections of the line already opened, and the increase which may fairly be expected, that there will be sufficient revenue obtained to leave a profit of four per cent after payment of the six per cent. interest upon the loan. The arrangements made to celebrate the com- pletion of the line from Kyneton to Sandhurst were upon the same model as those adopted on similar occasions in England. On tho first day, a special train left Melbourne at nine o'clock in the morning, and conveyed about 500 visitors to Cas- tlemaine. On the day of the opening to Sand- hurst, however, there was a much greater at- tendance, about 2,000 persons going from Mel- bourne alone. Three trains, each consisting of sixteen or seventeen carriages, and drawn by two powerful engines, left the station in succession. At various places along the route, on both days, the travellers got a glimpse of gay, trium- phal arches, which had been erected in honour of the event, but as the trains shot rapidly by these things were soon left far behind. A far pleasanter and more permanent prospect was the beautiful and picturesque character of the country along the whole route, which at this season of the year was seen in its best aspect, and cannot fail to have produced upon the minds of many, who probably saw it for the first time, a most favour- able impression of the interior of Victoria. The trains ran their journey at a very fair speed, and as easily and comfortably as if they had been on one of the best constructed railways in Eng- land. Both at Castlemaine and Sandhurst, the people resident turned out to welcome the visitors, with bands of music, flags, banners, and every conceivable outward demonstration of rejoicing. The principal buildings and streets of the towns were decorated with everything that taste and fancy could devise, high holiday was kept by all classes, and a glorious sun contributed in no small degree to the brightness and splendour of the scene. His Excellency the Governor was escorted through the towns in an open carriage, processions of Volunteers in full uniform, Oddfellows soci- eties, Ancient Foresters and various other secret orders, adorned with the full paraphernalia of their respective guilds, marched through the streets to the strains of music, and nothing which could render the occasion memorable in the future annals of the country seemed wanting. A novel feature in the procession at Castlemaine was a body of Chinamen, of whom there are large numbers engaged in mining operations in the district. They carried curiously wrought banners, bearing a strange device which it would require one learned in the peculiar hieroglyphics of the Chinese to interpret with strict accuracy, but which, in all probability, like the banner men- tioned in one of Longfellows poems, meant "Excelsior," for these Celestials, no less than their European neighbours, seemed to be fully alive to the importance of railways. A public banquet and a ball wound up the festivities each day. About 400 persons were present at the banquet at Castlemaine, and doublo that number at Sandhurst, while no less than 1,200 ladies and gentlemen took part in the dance at the latter town. The chairman at the banquet at Castlemaine was Mr D Wallace, and at Sandhurst, Mr Robert Burrowes, chairmen of the municipal councils of the respective places. THE GOLD FIELDS OF VICTORIA. In July last we despatched a special roportor to the gold fields, to inquire into the condi tion of the miners, the causes of the failure of many of the publia companies started in Mel bourne for mining purposes, and tbo proapocts the older fields presented to mining capitalists -both as regards the precious metal and other minerals The results of tho inquiry have been placed before the readers of The Argusmn soricB of twenty nine letter», spread over the months of August, St.ptomber, and October, ombraoing sketches of the diggingB, tho sooial condition and circumstances of tho miners, the oauscs of the non BUCCOSB of some mining companies, tho progress of discovery both na regards now gold fioIdB and inventions and appliances for saving gold in quartz mills, tho raw material of new industries the colony pre- sents, the wants of the goldOolds, and tho amendments of the law neoessary to givo the fullest developcment to mining industry It is impossible to reproduce those communications in a summary number for tho English reader, and we ara forced to content ourselves for tho pr sent with the following extracte from tho epitome of the correspondence oontained in our reporter's concluding letters - TUE CONDITION OP TUB MINERS. The older diggings wero ohosen for examina- tion because there the condition of tho minor could bo best ascertained ; their prospects would best aBsuro us as to the future, if thoy woro hopeful ; and there only could the onuses of tbo failure of ao ninny of the public corapanios formed to mine quartz, or wash the alluvial on a ¡ largo scale, bo investigated. If in tho eleventh i, year after tho discovery of gold in Victoria, k those fields were still found uacxhaustod, * and capablo . of supporting a largo popu- Î lation-if they offered fair prospects of ' remunerative labour for yoa-s to oomo-it would only be neoossary to glanco ovor the map of the oolony, and trace tho wide ranga of landa over which now gold-fields have lately been discovered, to becomo convinced of the permanency of the resources of tho colony, and its desirability as a plaoe of settlement, not only for thoso who are already in it, but for the -many whom wo are inviting to come amongst us and shara its fortunes. On tho first of the sub- jects that engaged my attontion-the oon '¡tion of the miner-I returned with satisfactory impres- sions. I found the neoessarioa of life everywhere abundant and cheap ; whilo the wagea of hired Europeans nowhere fell below flOi. per week, anti ! rose higher, according to the skill of the livui vidual, or the more trying naturo of the wor'.c ho performed. It was impossible to ascertain tho ' average earnings of miner» working lo their i own claims, whether in alluvial or qup.rtis ; but ' I found that nowhere would men, untram- melled by family ties, oonsent to work for " a living," or " tucker," as they tero» it. Whon I ever a olaim falls below " wages" it is abandoned, ' and thus such fields as Burnt Creek havo been j given up long Vlforo the/ir treasures, hw«} boon exhausted, the attractions of now rashes.'" drawing away almost the entire population of "ich a digging as that alluded to for the climie*,) of those brilliant "finds" which stniotiuies turn up in now ground I found the (.yniptoms of parjinneot cettloincnt, linn ¡sir, increasing on the oldest KOld fioldi Families were fpring nig up round the diggers, und ia the Rouses whioh thoy havo built, and the gardens they have cultivated, tbero was a measure of com fort which it was pleasant to sec The cur rent rate of wages may be accepted as giving some ovidenco of 'ho minimum camines of those who work their own claims, and the corrparative comfort it procures for those who huBband thoir means with common prudence and foiethought may bo estimated when the sum is compared with the wages of labouring mon and mochamos at home, and it is remembered that iho dif- ference of price of the necessaries of hfo is not disadvantageous to tbo colony, while the digpor pays no rent and no rates oí any kind boyond his annual feo for his minor's right "i ouniii. junie, cciniiANiBS J-AILKU Why so many publia companies havo failed to realise the expectations formed rogardmg thom was easy to asocrtain Somo four woio audacious swindles in tho beginning, but many others fell into rum, or drag on in a hard struggle for life, throuyh the grossest mismanagement from first to last It is impossible to overstate tbo ignoranco and folly exhibited in tho conduct of many of thoso companies, or the frightful cupidity that marked tbeir courte Scarcely ouc of them would have failed to realizo some at least of the expectations of thoso who embarkod ti oir money in them, had common prudenco been shown There aro brilliant oxamples to bo found of what spirited intelligent and honest management may do and what has been done at Clunes and Bal lnrat may be accomplished in every other mining district of tho colony Capital can find m all of them abundant sources of profitable investment, under good management, and tbero is no limit to tho extent to which it may bo successfully em ployed, whether on a large or a small scale, ou tho quartz reefs 1ROS1ECTS OF TUB G 01D FIELDS, OLD AND NKtt I found on tho older gold fields muck that was re-assuring It is true that tbo yield of gold is loss now than it uns somo y oars ago. Tho richest gold fields yet known wore dis- covered almost simultaneously, and soon after the first proclamation of tbo auriferous character of the soil of Viotoria They wero wonderfully productivo, and instances aro recorded in which tho minors, apprehensive of a fall in tho value of tbo precious metal from a glut of the market-so largo to them seemed tho supplies in thoir hands -hastened down to Melbourno, and sold their gold for little moro than half its valuo, Bhrewdly suspecting that they had ruined the Israehtisli purchasers by the transaction Gold is won now by greater labour, and the supply ia maintained tu a larço extent by the produce of the doep leads and quartz reefs It is not likely, therefore, to dimmish much m futuro years, if it does not morcase as capital ia invested in machinery, and reefs and leads aro worked moro systematically by publto oom panics, and not by the capricious labour of tho individual miner I found tho old worked and reworked ground still affording sustenance, aud an ocoa sional prizo, to thoso who clung to it I found reeling extending, and a general conviction tha the passage of the Drainago Bill had cleared tho way for the resumption of labour on lines of mi portant reefs whoro work had long been sus pended Day by day discoveries wore taking placo of more auriferous quarlz, and improve monts wero being mado in niaohinory and ap phancos for sating gold whioh gave valuo to poor reefs previously thought worthless, and thus added immeasurable quantities of stone to the amount reducido with a profit in the quar z mills. Field was adding to held-ground pro viously thought not goldou, and tbo bounds of tho auriferous land, wero everywhere cnoroachtng with rapid strides on that previously supposed to bo purely pastoral or agricultural. Deep under the bluostono in Talbot, Ararat, Daylesford, Guild ford, Taradale, aud other localities-in landB on which the shepherd smoked his pipo in peace, i unsuspicious of tho preaenoo of gold under his feet, even af or tho experience of half a Bcoro of }cars of a gold country-I found tho miner follow ing up runs of gold, in the bed» of nnciout rivers mid brooke, and perplexed only by the extont of tho prospect oponed up to thom by this discovery, showing aa it did that surfaco indications wero hero utterly at fault, mid that tinder every basalt oovoi ed plain or a alley m tho oolony the miner of centuries yet to come may find work to do But I found on the «older gold fields tho olumonta of other industries than gold mining. Thoy possess the raw material»-with tho exception of coal for moio than all tho industries known to Britain dopondmg on a supply of minerals When I add to those considérations ho knowledgo that the (.old workinga nro extending far beyond tho bounds of the old Holds, and that tho geologist and tho mmoralogis* havo yet to oomiuenoo thoir labours on many of thoso old fields, and in all these now ones, 1 own I am profoundly impressed with the magnitude of our resources I have barely alluded in my eketchos to tho lan'o and im portant portion of the colony embraced in the Ovens district I am well nwaro that it is one of the most important divisions of the colony, and that whon its roofs are bettor devo loped, and it is made moro accessible by road i and railway», it will contribute vory largely t r tho yield of gold. As an allua in) district it is far from exhausted, and reefing lins barely n ade a oommenooment Its tin ores have orr .tod a speeial industry in it, aud the extont to which tins description of mining may bo folio ved in our own Cornwall is as yet beyond conjecture. In Gipps Land, ngain, wo seo a new nuning district putting forth pretensions ot rivalry with tho bcBt of tho older fields. Til J Jordan claims to bo a smaller Bendigo, and so rapid ia tho progress of the prospector, that /'old field after gold Held, on both slopes of tho Dividing Rango, are added with surprising rapidity to the iong list of which we nro already in pos- session. Tho area of Gipps Land is equal to th». oentral portion of the oolony whioh embraces all the older gold-fields, and it is necossary to keep that fact in mina to appreciate the full significando of tho disoovenes now in pro- gress there Tho picture grows in broad) h and importance, and its colours warm, tho moro it is dwelt upon, I will only add that nearly l>00 square miles of land are mined upon, that 1 302 auriferous quartz reefs aro niarkuti upon the mining maps, and that the approximate valuó of tbo existing mining plant is a million and n half sterling. Thoso llguros aro the resulta of ton }ears of labour, and in them thero is a world of matter. Water supply ia tbo most pressing necessity of the gold fields Capil al is almost everywhere wanted to devolopo mines, and próvido crushing machinery. Primitivo at- tempts to próvido tho latter in some districts exhibit tho urgenoy of tho caBe, Co operative efforts would do much where individual labour fails , and a vast increase of th« population by immigration might tako placo without uiToottng tho labour market in tho slightest degreo, if ox tonsivo Investments of capital woro made simul- taneously. Monoy and men-thoBo aro the main requirements of the gold (¡elds. MATERIALS FOR NEW INDUSTRIES. It is no longer matter of doubt that valuablo seams of coal aro found in tho colony, and that oro long wo shall bo independent both of England and tho neighbouring colonies, as regards our supplios of coat for household and «loam pur- poses. Lignite, tho brown coal of iho geologists, is found at Corduroy, in tbo Ballarat dis- trict, under tho basalt. It is suppoBod to ho widely distributed, and has been found nt a depth of 190 feet, not far from Yandoit. Of building stono of all kinds, from granito to sandstone, there is no lack ; and therois no reason to suppoBO, brokon though tho beds of sandslono often aro, that, when hotter moans exist of bring- ing heavy material of that kind to market, wo shall bo driven to other colonies for fit mono for our public buildings, The granites of tho Beech- worth dintriot, indued, aro of peoulior intercut and value. Mauy of them aro of fino colours, and quite soft, consisting mostly of felspar, and pecu- liarly adapted for interior decorations. Somo of tho folnpar porphyries will bo used hereafter in the arts, and, for some few purposos, the singular indurated breccias of tho Heathooto district. Of limestone tho deposits hitherto discovered, with two exceptions, havo beon limited in ox tent. They are, for the most part, freshwater deposits of no great siao ; but as tho finding of now and moro important veins of this minorai would bo of the highest importance in connexion with the known deposits of iron oro, it is pro l bablo that more attention will hereafter bo given to tho BOaroh for this stone. Tho exceptions aro 1 in tho district of tho Snowy River-unfortunatoly inacoeBsibla at present, for want of roads or means of water conveyance-whoro two great fields of limestone rook exist, probably not less I than fifty or sixty milos in extent. As the i geological survey proceeds, wo mny ho mado ac- quainted with numorous beds of limestone, and c,f varieties with which wo aro at present unr.o quaiuttyd, so far na tho products of ibiB oolony aro concerned. Marble, or nltorud limostoo o, wo already possess. It is found al Geelong, ou tho Boas'aore. A band of tho samo matorial in known to '.ravcrso tho country is n broken line from Lako Connewarre to Station Peak. All round tbo coast there aro beds of tortiary Hines tono and of clay oantaining soptaria, which yields an admir- able content. This septa, ia h».s alroady re- ceived attention, and in tho ne ighbourhood of Schnapper Point extensivo k'ilns hovo boen erected for tho purpose of manufacturing hy- draulic aud other cementa from this material. Sclonito, or sulphate of lirsru (or sparry gypsum), is found in tho greatest abundance all over tho pastoral country of the Wimmera, and tho Yarri- I ambiuck. Bad roads, long carriage, and CXCCB sivo rates of freub.t, however, »ill for a long time shut out these interesting deposits from trade Aluminous sohiBts, or alum stone, abound ' at M'ÏXfifi Mud in va.riqu.tj parts of tho eolopy. including B!ackwe?ío' «w.""» »"me patts of tho Sand- hurst district. TheJ «lix e,v rosemblo the rocks from trhenco alum is ma lufaotured m Britain, »nd undoubtedly thej «son.1'1 «>» "«««1 fur the sai/je purpose here, Tli»/ i-r0 °> f n foul dm connexion With, cr in the er?0»a> " 'nuj cf, sul- phate of iron , and from ihn J*.««:* (»nd from the trou p} Utes contained lu ijuartz) tul pi uno acid will bo manufaetured wheutho colooy his 'nado some further advance in industrial enterprise«/. In senne of the quartz voius of the colony, such ns the. White and Jobnston Reefs of Bendigo, those enlphurots absolutely abound in tbo stone S «lb ia already manufactured from tho waters of Lake Boga ana other salt lakes In its clays, the colony posscsv «" a vast uoureo of woalth, of which little use ha * hitherto been made. Pu e clay is found in mort,» or lesa abundance over .5,000 «quare miles of tor-«, ritory occupied by tho carboniferous rocks. It isr usually composed much as follows -Silica, 50 00; alumina, 30 00, oxide of iron, 2 00, magnesia,' 1 00, water, ice., 12 00-total, 100 Samp es have bcon obtained in whioh thero is not a trace of iron, while tho commoner kinds will be of ex tensive use in after times lu tho reduction of iron ores, the making of castings, Ao. I havo samples of one of tbo finest porcelain clays ever produced. It was obtained in tbo neighbour- hood of Dunolly, whoro it exists m considerado bods-deposits from an ancient rant,o of gramlio mountains washed down centuries ugo to the low but not unpicturesquQ belt of mountain to which the name of Mount Ugly (originally Hooghly) has boengivon. It was analyzed oaitfully in the depart- ment of the geological surveyor, mut ascertained to beoompoBodof three elemmits emly, in the follow- ing proportions -Silica 15 47S, alumina 40 880, wa'orldGG') Tho analyst remarks -"It is a very pure mhoato of alumina, or china clay, and quite equal in quality to tho Devonshire kaolin, after preparation. Thero is not tbo slightest traco of iron m it. If it can bo procured in large quantities, and similar in qu shty, it could bo cut out in blooks and sent to miiiket without any further preparation. ' Hero nguiu, however, tha quostion of carnago intervenes, aud for a time mars a fair cntorpnso. Tha these Dunolly de- posits of porcelain day will hereafter bocOrao valuable thero is no doubt, if for exportation only, but one of tbo fairest of »11 holds present« itself thero now for the set lemont of tho potter, and tho growth of a nativo type of eoramio ware. Hore is a material suoh as China ilsolf scarcely affords, and pure beyond anything known in England. Wo nant but tho skill of the artist at tho potter's wheel to fashiou it into shapo, and dosign and oolour it, and »uroly that skill will yet be found ' Similar clays, coloured variously, however, aro found in Sandhurst In the samo district, n raognotunn clay baa boon found, and a small deposit of the same material has boen reported by the Government geologists ns existing near Guildford. In previous lotturs, I havo stated that vnluublo bede of slate exiat in Bendigo, Heathcote, and Maldon districts. MK1ALS AND MINKUALS OTU hil TUAN GOLD. The metals other than gold, and tho rarer minerals, found on tho gold fields, aro numerous. Already the silver toms of St Arnaud havo re- ceived considerable attention, aud largo tracts of land have been applied for on lease for the pur- pose of mining on tho argentiferous roefs. It has lately boen stated that silvor, in tho sta o of. an oxide, ))us beou obtained tboro,,aa well as in the form of a chloro bromide, in which it first attracted attention. Bismuth has also boon obtained in tho same district. The anti- mony mines of M'lvor havo attracted still greater alton ion tinco I visited them m July last, and as tho sume material exists in Whroo, in Maldon, and elsewhere, it is pro- bable that a considerable- export tindo will hore after be dono in this miooral. I havo had placed in my hands account sales of the M'lvur «ul phurot of antimony, sold in ttio Loudon market, and the price it brought there waa £12 10». per ton. When speaking of this oro m ii forraor letter, I remarked that it consisted of an auriferous and a non auiiferous xulphuret of antimony. Minn g for tho lutter will bo profit- able m itself, though the returns will be loss easily realized thnn thoso of gold mining ; but digging in a vein of auriferous antimony is precisely like qunrlf-miiiing, uitn this advan- tage to tho farmer, lha'. tbo whole of the ma- terial is valuable that in quint/, mining would bo waste, and that tho gold, in fact, is loft as tho free profit, all tho expenses of the minc being colored by the less taluablo pioduat. A sample of zinc haa boon obtained m tho district of Daylesford, and ouo from tho basalt, near Brunswick. Samples of native copper have lately been obtained ou tho D audenoiig rungo ; und a lease of lands for miniug for oopper thoro is about lo be applied for. A specimen of animerai, said to bo zina and gold combined in quartz, wns latoly pieeoiited tomo by n well knov.ii motallur e,isr. I had it aualjscd, when it was found io bo wolf spurgito, or copper, au ,1111011}, mid other motáis combined with I old. 1 exhibited a per ccntago of copper large enough to pay a prout it the vein cf qunrl/. containing it should bo found to bo laigu. I need not remind tho reador of tho abundance of siro uti tin found in tho OveiiB district, but I may state that tit.am forous ore has lately been obtained in tri butaneu of tho Yarra, huwug their souroes in the Dandenong lion ores abound in nil parts of tho colony, both m the form of deposit«, and na reefs Html sr tu thu veius of quartz This oro is of all kinds and qualities, and must in timo forma most important edemont of wealth to tho colony, furnishing n« it will do employment for large bodies of men, m its con- vention into metal, aud th st metal ai,aiii into articles of merchandise. A tpeinrmn of chromo iron oro is exhibited in thu Victorian De- partment of tho Exhibition, o itiuned nt the sourco of the Werri bio Plumbago bas boen found at or noar Mount Blackwood , »nd Bpoaimcns of numerous minorais of less value, but of considerado luteiest and importauco In an industrial sense, havo been discovered from time to timo Black schorl, or lotiriimlino, has been found at Wilaon's l'rommtory »nd ni tho ? ramies of tho Ovens district Brown tour ma- mu has boon observed in hu neit,hbouriiig colony, and it is probado that both thu blue aud the brown tourmihno (valuable for optioal pur- poses) will bo got from the drifts of tho xohorly granites of tho Ovens Nephrili, or jade, is used by the aboriginals io malto hatchets. Topazes, fit for optiual purpose», have boon found in tho district of Ararat and else- where, aud corundum han been found near Frarklinford Diamonds havo been obtained at tho Ovens and Jim Crow, mid it is stated that several liavn been picked up on the sands of Portland, ono of which was sold lately in Europo for £40 Dunolly lias furnished some splonuid blue topa/es lu the Pyrcmes nome. Uno beryls have beon picked up, anti rubies, game's, sapphires, and zircons- smiio of them of good colour ami lustre, though small-have boen got in tho tin ore and black sand of tho Ovens, Gipps Land, the Dandonougs, isti. Small rubies and sapphires have beon picked up ou tho boaoh at Schnapper Point, aud opnz-.-s in Illa gravel near Balaclava, in tho suhuibi of Melbourne Amethysts are rare, and ninan aids havo not yat been discovered in the colony. Crystals of quartz abound in tbo Ovum,, and jia-pcrs of strangely variogntcd hues, mid chalcedony and agates have beon picked up on chu Emerald dig- gings, in tho Dandenong«. In various directions, apart from mining, in tbo couran of my tour, I found tbo ingenious at work. At Ballarat the distillation of pyrohgneouti acid from wood was attracting soniu- little attention. At Sandhurst, Mr, Josephs, an analytical chemist, had patented a now method of preserving mont, anal was de- voting hiniBulf to tho completion of plans by which tho wnsto of maternal in boiling down cattle would bo obvintod. Thn numerous' nppli ca'ious for grants of laud for special indus- tries, under the 47th clause of the Land Aot of 1802, almost all of which apply lo the gold» fiolds, show that m other directions tbo propio are preparing for now occupations and labours of n permanent und less uiapriciously remu- nerated kind than golddiggint;. Assuredly, tho conclusion to whioh I carno was, that the sources of now indus ries we-ro many and varied, and that to bring them into full opi-ratiou, not time only, but a very large, nuce*« to the population of tho colony, would bu n quired. Survoying the raw material io largely effcrcd, it was im- possible for mo to suppose that tlso largest im- migration for which io can hopo would do moro, than córamenos a woik, the« end of whioh lies beyond conturiosyot to conic. THE OPERATION OF TUB LAND ACT. A return,showing tho a orking of tho Land Aat sinoo tho publication of our last summary, has just boen prepared ur.dcr the direotion of tho P'/OBidcnt of tho Boar/i of Lind and Works, The return shows that oE tho ona million and a half aeres left open for selection on tho 22nd of Sep i tomber, 222,3G0 »ores havo sinoo been talton up, and that of this quantity 150,994 sorts linvq boon. ] obtainod without competition. Uoro. than is satisfactory cvidouco that thero i/j rosily no difficulty in securing land fov settle- ment.' The district ia which tl'.e groutcet oompotition has taken placo is that of Ha- milton, whero no less than 73,Q0O ooros wero sdooted in the fortnight *.Uw.t followed tbo throwing open of tho first lintel»».» of agricultural areas. Tbo cxtont of lund U^tm np in that por- tion of tho ooun'ry during th0 pnat iiionlh is 113,491 acree, tho right ur,¡{ Hlo to G2,G82 aores i of which hail to bo asir rtnimil by ballot. But 1 in only five out of tit»-, remaining nineteen dis- tricts tuto which the uolony i» divided, has thora been any necessity for calling in tbo piinuiplo of lot to determino Priority ot application. Thoso districts aro Ararat, Benalla, Belfast, Port Albnrt, and 'dale, »ml ii. each case tho land obtained by lot bears but a veiy small proportion to the laud alienated with- in ont egnapotition. In tho Dallarat district. 10,097 aorcs have been selected within the last month, and all of it has gone to the first comer. Another return issued from tho Land Offioe shows that sinoe the passing of tho act, 2,537,219 aorei have been proclaimed open for selection, and that of this land nearly 3,000,000 acres have bean appropriated. The complaints lodged at the Lnul Offioe, with regard to the administration of tba Land Act, havo been few in number, and for the chiof part of a trifling character. The most serious was that at Camperdown, mentioned last month ; and that, it seems, has boen inveit'. gnted and reported upon. Subjoined are the official returns to which wa hate referred: " I. Return showing what portion of the Million tad a Half of Aoros which remained open t) selection at the date of my last report (22 11 September. 1862) hasBinoe beon selected, distin- guishing the quantities purchased and lease 1 without competition from that purchased an 1 leased after competition by lot. Purchased. Date of Last Land Offioe, Without Com- petition. By Lot. Return Received. i Acres. Acres. Ararat. 20,892 730 Ootober 11. Ballarat - 9,499 _ Ootober l8. Benalla ,,. 2,215 210 Ootober l8. Beechworth ,,. 64 - Ootober IL, Belfast 8,777 110 Ootober 4. Camperdown,,, No re- turn. Castlemaine ,,. _ _ Ootober l8. Dunolly - - Ootober li. Ecbuoa - -. Ootober l8. Geelong ,,. 27G - October l8. Hamilton* ", 23,228 31,944 Ootober l8. Inglewood ,,. Kilmore ,,. 380 - October 11. a -. - Maryborough , 67 - October l8. Melbourne ... - - October l8. Port Albert ... 1,614 133 Ootober l8. Portland ,,, nil nil - Sale . 1,355 153 September 27. Sandhurst .,. 2,623 - October l8. Warrnambool . 3,002 - Ootober 11. 73,dS2 33,286 Leased. With- Land Office. out By Lot. Remarks. ?? Com- petí tion. Aores. Acres. Ararat ,,, 19,611 736 5 lots were takenup under tho 23rd and 24th sections. Of these lots it is not possible, with- out examining enoh separate ap- plication, to ascer- tain what wera soleoled with or without competi- tion. Ballarat 9,698 6 lots do. Benalla 2,726 *210 8 lois do. Beechworth ,. 188 1 lot do. Belfast 10,604 "Ï10 8 lots do. Camperdown. No re- turn. 95 Castlemaine... 1 lot do. Dunolly 84 1 lot do. Echuoa 308 2 lots do. GeeloDg 968 4 lots do. Hamilton* ... 27,694 30",738 29 lots do. Inglewood ... Kilmore 1,082 ... 5lotB do. Maryborough. '"67 Melbourno ... 689 2 lots do. Port Albert... 1,863 "Ï33 1 lot do. Portland Nil. Nil. No sales. Salo. 1,179 153 2 lots were taken up under the 23rd aud 24 th sections. Of these lote it is not possible, with- out examining each separate ap- plication, to ascer- tain what wera seleoted with or without competi- tion. Bandhurat ... 2,976 2 lots do. Warrnambool 3,490 ... 2 lots do. 83.01Ï 32.08C ',79 " Making agonoral total of 222,360 aeres seleotod within the last month out of the million and a half acres loft open to selection at the date of my last report, being about one-seventh ; of whioh _ quantity 156,994 aores have beon purchased and 'leased without competition, and 65,366 aores after competition by lot-that is to say, seven tenths of the land open to selection on the 22ad September last, and since selected therefrom, havo been taken up without competition, while only three-tenths have been compoted for by lot. '. * Nearly the whole of the land set forth a) »elected at Hamilton was from areas thrown opsa since the dato of my last report. " Cn. W. LiG-R, Surveyor-General. " October 22,1862. ¡' II. Quantity of Land Open to Selection at eaoh of the Land Officos to the prosent date. Name of Land Quantity ! Pro- claimed Quentity Now Open to Date of ast Report Office. opened to Selection. Seloction, received. Acres. Acres. 1862. Ararat. 272,364 180,867 Oct. l8. Ballarat. 126,805 13,905 Oct. l8. Beechworth ... 81,654 47,855 Oct. l8. Belfast ... 179,561 115,112 Oot. 4. Benalla. 233,446 220,059 Oct. l8. Camperdown ... 254,763 »91,343 No report received. Oct. l8. Castlemaine ... 11,321 9,376 Dunolly... ,,. 16,417 15,440 Oct. l8. Echuca. 94,022 93,511 Oot. l8. Geelong. 25,717 8,277 Oct. l8. Hamilton ... 366.639 118.193 Oct. l8. Inglewood ,,. Kilmoro... 178,928 160,213 Oot. 11. 49,803 44,362 Oct. l8. Maryborough ... 12,201 798 Oct. l8. Melbourne 37,787 35,955 Oct. l8. Pork Albert " 50,746 40,031 Oot. l8. Portland | - - - fiale . 209,231 163,842 Sept. 27. Sandhurst ,, 200,481 186,270 Oct. l8. Warrnambool ., 135,381 37,451 Oct. 11. Total. 2.537.21C 1.623.49C " * Approximate estimate only. " + No land proo'aimed. " Ou, W. LIGAR, Surveyor-General. " Oot. 22. "Complaints reBpooting tho Working of tha Land Act, 1862, as regards tho Selection of Land in Agricultural Areas (in continuation of the Return dated 20th September). " September 27. "1. James Parker, of Dunkeld, complains that ho was unjustly treated in drawing lots for certain allotments in the parish of Bilpah, agri- cultural area of Ennish Stawoll, proclaimed for selection at Hamilton, on and after 12th Septem- ber, inasmuch as the letter P, being the initial of his name, and the drawing beinj in ac- cordance with the regulations of tho Board of Land and Works, conducted in tho alphabetloil order of the surnames of the several applicants, bo did not obtain a chance of drawing, tho com- petition being excessive, and the letter A being drawn in eaoh case before his turn arrived. " Mr. Parker informed, in reply, ' that tho land ofJicor aotod in accordance with the regula- tions, and that, though he was defeated, a person whoso name begins with a letter standing low in the alphabet is not necessarily at a disadvantage in the lottery, but, on the oonlrury, is rather bettered in his chanco, as by the time he oomoi to draw the competitors aro necessarily very few, and his chancos proportionately greater.' " October 3. "2. Mossrs. Christie, Cameron, and other residents of Scarsdale, complain of tho insuffioloat and unsatisfactory oharacter of tbo counters usol by the land-officer at Ballarat, in drawing lot« opon tho occasion of selections during the month of September, and Btate that tho counters wero not easily distinguishable, and that ' the land officer was compollod to re ink tho letters upoi the counters ¡n tho presence of tbo selectors, thus leaving an impression on their minds that unfair means might bo resorted to in the decision.' They further allego, that tho land-officer (in tbo omi of Mr. Wyatt, licensed victualler at Streatham, au applicant to soloot a disputed allotment,) re- fused to oxhibit tho letters on tho counters arawa by the several applicants, although requirod t> do so by tho regulations framed under the Lill Act. " The land-officer report« on this complatut that ono countor was ro-matked by him, tin lettering having become quito obliterated by con- stant uso ; that the marking was dono in tho pro senco of tho selectors (as acknowledged in thj complaint), and was, therefore, a perfectly fair and legitimate proceeding ; that on the only oc- casion upon whioh an applicant requested to sai a counter it was shown to him, although such a praotioe, as tending to lengthon tho proceedings, u objectionable as a general rule ; and that, as ¿na land-officer Is tho person appointed by tho s.ot to determino the result of the ballot, the applicants must, so long as he acts In accordance with tha régulations, rest content with his decision. Tho land-officer also points out that Mr. Wyatt, the person allegod to be aggriovod, had not signed the complaint; and that of- twenty-two-pjr« Eons who had so signed, not more than five had been applicants to ssleot. ' " It may be remarked on this complaint that the counters -furnished to land- officers wore ex- pressly ordered to bo of a dark colour and lettorei in black, in order that the letters might not bj distinguishable when in the bax. This preoautioa undoubtedly adds to the difficulty of distinguish- ing the letters whon the drawing takes placo b / candle-light ; but no mhjtake has occurrod, and it is believed that many more complaintsjwould have arisen had counters of a light colour lettered ia Hack, and therefore easily distinguishable whoa in tbo box, been used. "3. In the case of the Rev. Mr. Higgins, re- ported iu former return, the hon. the Attorney General has given an opinion to the effect that tbo land-officer at Hamilton acted irregularly ia refusing to entertain his application, on tho f round of the deposit being in excess ; but thaï Ihe Board of Lind and WorliB has no power ti reverse his decision, and that Mr. Higgins'^ remedy would bo by mandamus or other judicial proceeding, or"by an action for damages against the land-officer. " Mr. Higgins has been informed accordingly. "Tho complaints against tho land-officer at Camperdown (noticed in former return) have beon inquired into, and Mr. Brough Smyth's: report, accompanied by the evidenco, is ready to be laid before- Parliament. "CLEMENT HODGKINSON, " Assistant Commissioner of Landsand Survey. " Office of Linds and Survey, Melbourne, " October 22, 1862.*' THE aOLD-EIELDS. The exodus to New Zealand has quite cease 1 for the present, and our miners, not aufierinj from any lack of employment at homo, are far loss anxious for a chango than thoy wero a shor, time since. Last month we had to announce tb.3 commencement of a rush on a largor scale thai bas beon usual with us of late, to a new spot in the Pyrenees district, since named after the over- land explorer Mr. Landsborough, and th) population there bns swelled to somewher« about 9,000, a fair proportion of whom ara getting gold, in varying quantities. Tho sinking nt thin place is of a moderate deptb, and in most parts of the ground easy and without any trouble from water, the deposit) being also extensivo and widely spread, so thai these are essentially a poor man's diggings, an I therefore convenient for the time in being avail- able to so many. Such diggings are, however, sever permanent, being soon worked out, and this has been the character of nearly all th? alluvial ground hitherto opened in the Pyrenee: district. The yield from a few claims has beon ono or two ounces to the load, and evon mora ïrom limited patob.es, but in the majority of «als-na half an ounce to the load is deemed a good average, and in many again only half that yield ÍB obtained, thcBO last being, in diggers' phrase, just payable. Of far more impórtanos in affording the prospect of permanent employ- ment for a very large number of people, are ino further discoveries which have bean maia in the Gipps Land direction, and o a both sideB of the Dividing Bange. Tho Jor- dan diggings have frequently boen mentioned before, and within the last few weeks several more creeks, lower down in Gipps Land, and (onBequently nearer the settled district-, hava I cen found to be auriferous, two of them espa rialiy proving to bo as rich as the Jordan for a distanoe of many miles along their banks. On cne of these, Donnelly's Creek, the vield ob< Tomoo, uy too miners vvlien at work was supposed io avorBge an ounce of gold eaoh man a day ; r.nd the second, Fulton's Creek, is believed to ba quite as rich. But until very lately the grounl was too wet to be worked without great difficulty, and in the total absence of police protection the miners were kept in a very unsettled state by a num- ber of lawless characters, who made regulations al to the extent of frontage to be occupied, jumpal claims, and did pretty much as they pleased, so that comparatively little gold has boon raised as yet. Now, however, tbe country is beoomiog dry, the roads are well opened, numbers of wall disposed men aro Hooking in, and gold is begin- ning to come forward moro freely, but as yet altogether by private hand, and with no little amount of risk to the owners, as there is no escort to any part of the distriot. Some remark- ably rich reefs havo been opened, but these of course are littlo sought after, there being no possi- bility of getting oruBhing maohinory to them at any moderate cost until the roads have boen oleare! for drays. Further experience on some of the older diggings in Gipps Land has given to these also a greater value than they wore at first sup- posed to possess, so that thero can bo now no question of tho vast extent and rich oharaoter of the auriferous country on that side of the rangal. And on the other side there has been a fresh rush to one of the heads of the Goulburn, and mora lately, consequent on the clearing of a road to the Jordan from Dandenong, a ruBh to tho Upper Yarra, where some highly remune- rative diggings aro said to have boen opened. On the older fields, in other parts of the country, as well, fresh spots and leads, cf moro or less extent, and in the usual number, havo been found, so that it will be easily Been our miners have scope enough for their exertions at home, espealally as with tha approach of summer the mountainous traots of country may be explored and occupied without much difficulty or inconvenience. Tho total yield from the reefs has perhaps baon quite up to the usual average, but tho number of specially large yields from different paroeli of stone has not been great. One ton from the Pyrenees Reef produced 190oz. ; thirteen toni from another claim of the Bame-reef, 68oa. lödwt. ; and thoso are tho only yields of conséquence reported from it. Inglewood ia behindhand this month, having credit for only one particularly large yield, GGGoz. 8dwt. from. 195 tons out of a claim on the Jersey Reef, no other large parcels of stone having produced an average of more than an ounce and a half to tha ton. We have occasionally accounts of gool returns from tho Tarnagulla reefs again, and sixty-two tons from a voin near the aurfaoe oa one of these gave 152oz. a couple of weeks ninoa. The last large yield from tho Mariner's Reef, in the Maryborough distriot, was B43oz. from a little over a hundredltons of quartz : and forty five tons from another reef in this distriot, abandonod by the former owners as nil worth working, produced an average of two ounces and a quarter to the ton. The M'lvor reefs contain somo rich patches ol stone, and thirty tona lately raised from one of these produced 170az. In tho Ovens distriot several now reefs bave been oponed, and thora is a decldod improvement in the yield of othorj, that have been worked some time. Three week] ainoe no little excitement was caused by the dis- covery on one of these, near the Barwidgee Creek, and twice desertod as valueless, of a vein so rich that many of the lumps first taken out of it contained more gold than quartz. In this samo neighbourhood two more diamonds have been found,-one, a true brilliant, from its boin; Feen to sparklo among the tailings, and tho other on a searoh being made in con Etquenco of tho finding of tho first. The specially good yields in the Bendigo diatrijt have been fow, but one small lot of four tons from a now vein in the Exhibition Beef producá! 112oz. 15dwt., and thirty-one tons from another reef 88oz, 12dwt. Tho Ajax Company, in tha Castlemaine district, have not been doing much lately, but other parties on the samo reef have cut Into richer veins at length, and twenty-two toni out of one of thoso produced l82oz,, other smaller lots yielding oven /nore in proportion. Savon tons from a rioh vein, newly oponed, on a reaf in another part of this distriot, produced lOloz, 17dwt., and a quantity of oven bettor-looking stone has boen sinoe raised from this. The Ballarat reefing companies aro still putting largo quantities of stone through, their mills, paying a high rate of intorest on the capital ¡nvestod from a small average yield, aud in many of tho mines this yield is steadily in- creasing as the lodes aro followed downwards. Amongst tbo companies on tho deop alluvial leads there bos been little chango for some timo past, either in the value of the shares or in tha average amount of the dividends declared. And as to nuggets wo have but little to say, the Ben- dijo district having produced one of 41oz. 2dwt., another of 36oz., and a third of 21oz. ; Mary- borough, ono of 40oz. ; Dunolly, ono of 32oz. and another of 24oz. ; Kingower, one of 3loz. lOdwt, ; Korong, one of 26oz, 23wt. ; Daylesford, one of 36oz. ; Creswick, ono of 51oz. ; and Yandoit, one of 20oE. ; several, however, of smaller size bavin,; also been found in all these districts. AGRICULTURE. Bo far tho opting has boen all that could ba wished, and the crops promise much better than could havo boen expected after the mischief done by the long and wet winter. Some things ara backward, but, on the whole, the farmers hara little causo to complain of their prospects juii at present, either as to tho general yiolil or as to prices. The hay crop is injurod, to some extent, by blight, on land whio'i has been long undor cultivation,-a casualty, or, indeed, almost a certainty, which tbo expe- rience of somo years past should havo led the baygrowers near Molbourno and Geelong to ot peet. Of fruit there is as yat the promise of great abundance, most kinds having passed safely t brough tho flowering season, and there is littlo fear now of weather severe enough to injure the latoit cf tho vines. A rather sharp frost did some littlo damago up the country a couple of weeks sinos, but only on low lying spots of land, the crops and fruit trees on tho rising ground esoaping oom plotely. The growers of tobacco ara ex- periencing soma difficulty in getting a gwi plant established in the field, &i; tha ' seed was so late In growing, and the surface of the ground is in most situation!) rather dry now to admit of transplanting with success, unless the watering pot is freely used,-a trouble- some part of the work where the element his to be carried any distance. However, it is mostly j on low ground near the water that the tobiooa has to be grown, and this crop promises to be so much more profitable than any the farmers have been acous omed to hitherto, that they will not lose it for want of a little extra labour, so we still expeot a large quantity to be raised this year. Prices have advanced materially of late in regard to ordinary descriptions of produce, especially horse-corn, which bas been in demand for Now Zealand, and the _ stock of oats oa hand, both of colonial and imported, is running s.hort, without the prospect of a sufficient supply for the next twelvemonths' consumption frota what will be gathered in these colonies at thai coming harvest. Wheat is more plentiful, an 1 ne have again the anomaly of this grain bein; only half the valuo of oats, weight for weight, s ) that it is coming into consumption hereono) moro as horse-feed. Two weeks since the Port Philip Sooiety's ebow of stock and implements was held at Mel- bourne, and on the whole it was quite equal to tha shows of f ormeryears, notwithstanding the depres- sion under which the agricultural interest hal been labouring for somo time past. There wera not in the yards so many new animals purchased at high prices as there used to be. Still thara were some, especially m the sheep classes ; and the collection of maohines and implements wai iho best ever seen here. The country hag been pretty well supplied with high-priced draught horses, and the rage for them has subsided; | sho.-thoras also being at a discount, cither from ¡ a dread of pleuro-pneumonta or the well-estav I blished oonviolion now that, for the future, sheep will pay the farmer and the squatter far batter than cattle Thus the entries of horses and cattle were comparatively few, but some of the young ones wore particularly good, the challenge cup for tho best animal m the neat cattle classes having been awarded to the owner of a colonial-bred heifer, though shown against some of the best imported bulla and' cows. Amongst the sheep exhibited were several valu- able imported merinoes, from France and Ger- many, including every variety, from the larga fiamed, long-wcolled Rambouillet to the little loose skinned, short-Btapled, Negretti; and to compare with thoso wo had exhibits from the flocks of most of tbo beat of our Victorian breeders, as well as some from South Australia. This comparison must have convinced all except the moBt prejudiced admirers of Australian sheep that these, although extremely good, are to bo improved still further by the free ad- mission of foreign blood, and we aro not likely to hear much more of there being no further need for this. The long talked of project of aoharnpion. pi izo, or prize«, of sufficient value to bring toge- ther competitors from all the Australian colonies, lias been still further discussed this year, and there ia now a prospect of the money being forth- coming, and tbo first meeting arranged for 1863, to be held at Melbourne. Coarse-woolled sheep aro in great demand among the farmers, and the varieties of theso were well represented, but the only actual novelty wai a oross brad mm, between tho Lincoln and Merino, imported from Germany, and having a heavy fleece of the bright lustro wool, the first of tho kind seen here. In tho machinery yard there was a great collea tion from the workshops of the beat English makers ; Btill, tho llrst prize was awarded for a Melbourne-made steam thrashing-machine. But it is in mowing and reaping machines that the competition is keenestamnng our colonial makers, and some of theso are extremely good, the value of the improvements of this year having,1 how et er, yet to bo proved in the field before an opinion on them is officially announced.- Our craok Melbourne plough-makers have been beaten this year by n maker from Bal- larat, who for some seasons past has carried all before him on that side of the country, and at his first appearance ia tho Melbourne lists has carried off the first prizaä for bol h wheel and swing ploughs, with imple- ments very highly fluished, and most oertataly very good, but still, in the eyes of many plough- men, not calculated to leave quite such perfect work after them, or to be quite so light of draught, as some of the plainer-looking imple- ments shown against them. This différence of opinion has given rise to a desire for trials of ploughs, as well as reapers and mowers, in the jiold for the future before the prizeB are awarded, which desire will probably be gratified nexjt year, H8 our leading agricultural society is always ready lo adopt improvements of any kind. This year (be judges performed their functions in publlo for tho first time, and what would have been 'at one time thought a dangerous innovation .passed almost unnoticed. j MUSIC, THE OPERA, &o.; ; '¡¡..In imitation of the good example set by Glou- cester, Hereford, Birmingham, &o.;, the Mel- bourne Fhilharmonio Society three years aga gave the first musical festival instituted in Aus tralin, with the intention that a festival should take place triennially. This intention has been carried out in the most satisfactory manner, and thrco concerts woro given in the early part of the month by the Philharmonie Society. At the first of these, the programme comprised the' musio performed at tho opening of the International Exhibition, and " Cornus," a cantata oomposed by Mr. C. E. Horsley, whose valuable services as a conductor tho society have been fortunate enough to secure. The second concert was de- voted to Mendelssohn's "St. Paul;" and the third was miscellaneous, including a repetition of Professor Bonnott's odo, and Meyerbeer's march as a finale. The society retained the wholo of the available talent in Australia, and the prin- cipal vocalists were Mesdames Lucy Escott and Sara Flower, and Misses Octavia Hamilton, Bailey, and Isolino Mercante, Mr, Squires, Mr. Farquharson, Mr, Beaumont, and Mr, Aagui. A third of the funds realized from the conoarti were given to each of two charitable institution« in Melbourne, and the remaining third retained hy the society. In the third concert an amateur, Mr. L, h. Lewis, took the pianoforte in Weber'* "Concert-Stuck" admirably; and to another amateur, Mr. G. 0. Rutter, the audienee were indebted for a oleverly-written part sou?. Beethoven's symphony in C minor, with whioh tha second part of the third concert opened, wai performed with groat neatness and delicacy of execution by the orchestra. It is strange that among such a musio-loving people as the inhabit- ants of Melbourne, there is not a Bingle bassoon or hautboy. But tho other instruments are well represented, and the band at tho festival con- tained several soloists of a very high order. Ou the 13th, Lyster's opera company, who have been starring in Sydney, opened their cam- paign with the valuable additioh to their strength of iMr. Wharton, whilom baritone primo at Covont Gardon. Mr. Wharton made his delia', in Melbourne as the King in "La Favorita," and gained goldon opinions by the compass and flexibility of his voice, as well as his careful singing of the songs entrusted to him, In the subsequent oharaoters of Don Giovanni, Doctor Malatest», and Enrico, Mr. 'Whar- ton fully justified the estimate whioh had been formed of his powers on his first ap- pearance. Madame Escott and Mr. Squires have long been favourites, and seem likely to continua so. Mr. Lyster has succeeded in establishing the opera as one of tho necessities of Melbourno, and the crowded houses before whom " Don Gio- vanni" was performed, speaks well for thomusioil | taste at the European antipodes. Tho opera company, as a wholo, is marvellously good, taking into consideration the difficulties with which our impreasario has had to contend. But, nothing daunted, Mr. Lyster boldly announces the " Huguenots " and " Ernani " as shortly to ap- pear, in addition to thoso which have already been performed, " Fra Diavolo," " Lucrezia Bor- gia," " La Travista," " Il Trovatore," "Ri«T,o lotto," " Sonnambula," " The Rose of Castile," " Maritana," and last, but not least, "Lo nozzj di Figaro." Mesdames Rosalie Durand and Ada King, Miss Hodgson, Mr. Farquharson, Mr. F, LyBtor, and Mr, Trevor, in addition to those already mentioned, make up a company which would command an audience wherever they performed. Tho present season ii to lost for fifty nights, and no doubt thero will be an arriirc saison if the attendance at tho perform- ances docB not fall off. This will carry us far into our hot season, when the tomperature is a great enemy to the proprietors of public plaoes of amusement, and a recess will no necessary. The taste for muslo among iho Molbourno peonía is rapidly increasing, and tho general demand ii for music of a higher standard than Ethiopian melodies, which not long since absorbed so large a projiortion of tho funds available for musioal purposes. Tho poaaibility of teeing the bast operas of tbo best lyric composers is now afforded, and wo can only regret that at present the'public aro unablo to hear the moro sublime instru- mental works of Beethoven, Mozart, Móndela fohn, John Sebastian Bach, &c.; The erection of a town-hall is in contemplation, which would of course contain an organ ; and weekly perform- ances, at a low ontranco-feo, as at St, Goorgo'j Hall, Leeds, Birmingham, ia, would give a great stitr.uluo to tho cultivation of music gene- rally, and tend to raino the standard of taste. The dull season, in theatrical matters, whioh here, as in London, precedes the Christ mu period, has Bet in unusually early this year, for it ia already making Itself felt. At this end of th} world, that season coincidos with the commença' mont of summer, when out-of-door sports and al frctoo enjoyments combine to draw away num- bers of persons from the theatre ; and BB all tha robust pastimes of tho mother country are er tromely popular in Victoria, the cricket-ground, the boating clubs, and the gymnasium command , the proferenco just now over the playhouse. Nor ii any material improvement likely to ooeur ia the attendance at the two theatres open for dra matio performances, unless a new star Bhould arise, or until the Christmas pantomimos put forth their annual attractions. At the H ay mar Jet Theatre, an engagement was effected with Mr. George Coppin, for three weeks ; during whioh time he appeared in a round of hil favourite characters, supported by an excellent ttock company ; but the business" he played io was far from commensurate with his reputation a i a comedian or his popularity as a manager. Among the best of the revivals at this house wera the ," Overland Route" and the old Adelphi drama of the " Harvest Home." Both of these wera strongly cast and beautifully put upon the stag J -tho comedy more especially 'BO. In faot, it would scarcely be too much to assert that tha taloon and deck scenes wero moro skilfully ar- ranged, and more illusory in effect, than any " eels which have been placed upon the colonial stage; while the aotors and actresses engaged in- cluded Mr. Coppin, Mr, J. C. Lambert, Mr. Hos- kins, Mr. and Mrs, Robert Heir, and Mrs, Alfred, Phillips ; and the company has boen strengthens! by tha accession of Mr, Richard Younge, as staga mautiger. At the Princess's Theatre, a mixed entertainment is being given by a ballet oom nany and a troupe of "Court Minstrels" or Ethiopian serenaders; one of whom (a Mr. Leslie, who fulfils the office of "Bones"), hat [ acquired considerable popularity by a moak election speech, in which the turbid and ' incopscquential platitudes of stump ora- ) tors' ara burlesqued ' In an amusing fashion. ' The'Lyceum Theatre is closed, and the scenery, 1 properties, nnd fittings advertised for sale by . ordqr of the mortgagee. It had beon conduotal ; with great energy by the lessee ; but tho impossi- bility of four theatres being adequately supportoi in Melbourne has been demonstrated to the loss of the manager of the least favourably situate 1 houEO. It is understood that his olever juvenile troupe proceed from hence to Sydney, where Mr. Barry Sullivan is now playing. Mr, Joseph Jefferson is playing at Sandhurst, after fulfilling a lucrative engagement at Ballarat. Letters re- ceived from England by the last mail mention the {probability of Mr, and Mrs. Charles Kean paying a visit to Australia, as negotiations hava been opened with them by an agent for that pur- pose. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. Tbo returns of the Immigration Department for tho month of September show, as might ha expected, a remarkable turn of the tide towards New Zealand, but not to so full an extent as that which occurred at tho carne period of last year« Viheb the first rush to Otago was at its greatest foi ce. The total number of arrivals at all ports of the colony amounted to 2,160, and the de- partures to 7,817, the balance being against tha colony to the extent of 5,657 persons. Of the nriiyala the ages and Boxes may be thus classi- fied ¡-Arrived : 1,378 adult males, 514 adult females, 149 malo and 119 female children. Da paited : 6,987 adult males, 474 adult females, 183 malo and 173 female children. The totals wera ditided among the several seaports in the follow- ing proportions :-Melbourne-arrived, 2,150 ; departed, 7,733; Goolong-arrived, 7 ; departed, 67 ;, all other porta-arrived, 3 ; departed, 17. The marked feature of the intercolonial migra- tion Is the exoduB to Now Zealand, which cul-i nrted during^the month, as will be seen by com- parison of the tabular statement of the move- ments of September with those of August, when tbo second great rush fairly set in. The follow- ing digest of the returns gives tho clearest in- sight iulo the movomontB of the population : I i la ?a 2 |«2 o ,1 1 © a a» § Nevp South Wales .,. Soii^h Australia ... Tasmania . Netf Zealand 406 128 224 145 433 118 70 6727 lo 154 27 6582 Total neighbouring ¡colonies. United Kingdom ... Foreign ports 903 1213 44 7348 448 21 164 765 23 6609 Totals . Deduct increase .,, 2160 7817 2160 952 6609 952 Net emigration 5657 665T In (he following table the arrivals and departures are given monthly for the current year, com« parejd with the corresponding poriodB of 1861 : ! 1861. 1862. Arrived. De- parted. Arrived, De- parted. Janliary ... February ... March Aprjt May June July, August ... September.. 2,710 1,288 2,285 1,350 1,914 1,925 1,900 2,305 1,100 1,810 1,790 2,456 1,962 2,066 1,167 1,718 2,382 9,303 4,626 2,884 4,087 3,186 2,950 2,610 3,099 3,302 2,160 5,449 | 3,20011 3.113J! 2,859] i 2,049l| 1,92 LI 2,288 2,062 7,817 Totals ... Deduct ar- rivals ... Not, _ emi- gration ... 16,867 24,660 28,904 30,758 16,867 7,793 28,904 1,854 In the first time in the annals of the colony, both période exhibit a falling off in the population. Ia 1861, the first great exodus to New Zealand took place. In the monthB of August and Septomber of the current year the second great " rush " took place, which has almost died out in Ootober. SPORTING, CRICKET, BOATING, &o.; The great sporting event of the last month has been the fifth Intercolonial Champion Sweep Flakes, run at Geelong, on the 1st October, which brought out eleven competitors-two from New South Wales, Archer, and Talleyrand, both six; years old; two from South Australia, Enfield, four years, and Lord of the Isles, three years} with seven Viotorians, Mormon, aged, Fiatoatoher» aged, Clive, aged,andfour three-year-olds,Bartvon, líneas, The Nun, and Josephine. Tho Geelong icoccourse was favoured with the presence of aboutlO.OOO visitors on the champion day, and public interest was much excited as to ths relative claims of the Sydney horses and the , Yiotorian champion. Mormon; there was also a second ground for watohing the result with soma anxiety, arising from the opposite opinions whioh prevail as to the relative chances of three-yoar cldfl at this season of the year against the old horses ovor so long a distanoe as three mileB. Tho most experienced turfites backed the twj Sydney horses and the Victorian champion against tho field,'; but it was at the same tima : tacitly admitted that if amongst the young one] there was one of such quality as constitutes a three- miles horse, the allowance of weight-Git. 81b. against lOat. 41b.-would be rather favour- able to the juvenile. The Geelong ground, atwbyB more unsulted to the action of a lon; dtrijling horse, waa on the champion day far frorji being in condition for trying absolutely tha merits of the competitors as racehorses, Doing holding overywhoro, sticky in somo plaoeä, sloppy and slippery in othors. The time ia «bipli the threo milos' journey was tra- velled- Grain. 2sec-will show that the horsas nero running under conditions unfavourable to al trial of Bpoed; and tho manner in whioh tha race was run was also unsatisfactory, inasmuch an tjbo riding of two of the principal favourites, although unimpeaohed as for honesty, was some- what questionable as to the judgoment dis- played. The race was wort by Talleyrand, tbrOugh Archer's assistance, the latter making deBJierate running to cut Mormon down in the last mile, and tho rider of the latter allowing our)champion to run himself out against a cam- ¡ petltor who was committing solf-saorifioe. The second horse in the raco at the finish was Barwon, | a thrco-year-old colt by Boiardo-Jeannotte, tho former once drat favourite for the Doncaster St. Leger, and the mare a good favourite hero during all her racing caioer. Archer finished third, and Mormon fourth, with Fiatoatoher next him, betiding the ruck, Tho South Australians wera all'behind. Thero wero some other raoos at Geelong to make out two days' sport, bat these call for no remark. Tho metropolitan racing season commençai on the 16th, 17th, and 18th of this month, with, the' Victoria J ockoy Club Spring Mealing. There "wai a very moanru programmo for this, onco tha most popular of tho Melbourne race gathering«-, and the entries fell short of the expectations of the sto wards. The attendance of the publio oa I the) first and socond days was smaller than at any i former race moating sinco Flemington couria I was enclosed, but on tho steeplechase day thero I were somo 3,000 persons on the ground-aim Jit tqual toan ordinary meeting in the old time. Tha absence of tho genoral publio and tbo lameness of the sceno on Thursday and Friday, had tho effect of reducing the hopos of thoso who wish, the prosperity of the turf ; but the quality of the sport throughout, especially on Saturday in tha race between Mormon and Flalcatchcr, in tha Town Plate, threo miles, with the improved at- tendance and small burst of enthusiasm' on Sa- turday, made some amends for the original shortcomings of the bill of faro ; and although entailing a considerable expenditure by the olub to pay the prizes, "and a responsibility on the stewards, tho Jockey Club Spring Meeting will havo strengthened tbe disposition towards turf ' iporUiuYaOiori», But it nut bo regretted that, the young s 'ock that appeared, with the excep- tion of Barwon (winner of the Derby) and Mo- desty (winner of the Oaks) will not do anything to) advanco the glories of tho Australian course ; nor can it bo expected that any one of tbo two year-olds that were brought out to run for the wrdohed £50 Plate at the last meeting will over figure as n racehorse, with, perhaps, the oxcop- ' tion of Impudence, the favourite, who did not gat off at the dropping of the starter's flag. Tas fields for both Derby and Oaks wero vastly in- ferior to those of last yoar. The other races oall for no remark, except that, sa far as the present season has gone, it seems as if we were farther than over from getting together any number of good fair horses over a distance of ground under weight. The Turf Club hold their Spring Meeting oa the 13th, 14th, and 15th November, mid-by that timo, probably, the spirit of the turf will hava aroused the metropolitans to a larger patronage of our Isthmian games. The various Cricket Clubs of the colony ara now iii full vvork, and a considerable number of interesting matches have beau played. All of the clubs have boen taking measures for the im- provement of their ground, and in some instances a considerable outlay has been judiciously mido. Aquatic sports ore gaining fast holt! upon a numerous and increasing sootion of the juvo noscence of those localities where river or laka facilities exist ; and the present season will, probably, leave all thoso of former tima far behind in the race for honours. COMMERCIAL. | The mail steamship Madras arrived in Hobson's Bay on the 9th inst.-one day before ehe wai due. The chief items of commercial nowa wore received in town on the 7th, by telegraph, vii Adelaide The punctuality with which the Penin- sular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company U performing this servico ¡B the source of general congratulation. The proposition which baa boen, made to tbo Imperial Government by the oom pt.ny, to establish communication fortnightly, in- stead of monthly, at an additional yearly expense of £60,000, has been favourably received by all chu ses of colonists, as the means of drawing still closer the ties which exist between the Australian, o'] m mon wealth and tha mother country. The establishment of direct steam communication, with accommodation for a large passenger traffi¡, bus not lost itsjintereBt, and the project, when out of its provisional state of existence, will be aura to roceive the careful attention of the moneyed J and mercantile classes. I The month has been one of real progress ia production and commerce. The Melbourne and Murray River Railway has been opened for publio traffic to Sandhurst. The season's clip of saool has arrived at the ports in large parcela. Trade has been steady and profitable in the country districts. An increasing export buBinOü with the other colonies has been established. Tho publio revenues havo been maintained, and the bulk of the poople has been profitably em- ployed. The general condition of the gold-fields is fully treated of in another column. There has baan little fluctuation in the yield of gold during tha month. The total quantity shipped during-tlio current year amounts to l,600,095oz., including 246,643ûz. transhipped from New Zealand vessels. Tho total shipments from the Victorian mino« ataud at l,353,453oz, Up to the correspondía» dato last year, the shipments of all gold from th.ii port amounted to l,5S8,395oz, In the following tablo, the quantities of gold brought into Melbourne weekly by tho escorts from all the gold-fields are given separately for three months, ending the 24th inst. : 4,690 6,717 4,483 4,247 6,454 4.633 5,439 Prices of gold hove been at ona unifor.u rate during the month. The buying pria a of tho banks has been £3 14s. 9d. por oz. for standard. At this price, local rates mt/ be quoted at - Ornoo, Upper Yarra, Shady Creek, £3 10s. Gd. to £3 12s. Gd.; Jamia Bou, Big River, and Dandenong, £3 13s. 91. to £3 15s. Gd. ; Castlemaine, Bendigo, and Mountain Creek, £3 16s. 9d. to «3 17s.: Crooked River, Boggy Creek, Caledonia, and Anderson's Creek, £3 17s. 6d. ; Maryborough, Dunolly, Avoca, and Raglan, £3 18s. to £3 19s. ; Creswick and Brown's, £317s. 3d. to £3 19s. 3d. ; Ballarat and Ovens, £4. The export duty chargeable on gold is 2s. per ounce until the 1st of January, 1863, when it will be reduced to Is. Gd. per ounce. The following is a list of the gold ships whioh. havo sailed from Molbourne since 1st Juno, with. the quantities stated soparately : Dato of Ship, Dostinatlon. Ounces.' Balling. Juno 8 Bluo Jacket Liverpool .. 20,011 ,. l8 angloaoy .. London .. 0,002 " 20 Northam .. .. Point do Gallo.. 40,475 July 8 it ountaln Wave ., fJrltlsb Golumhia 82 ,, 6 Kent London .. 78,191 ,, 6 Lord Raglan London .. 40,291 " B Joahua Rates Hong Kong .. 8,327 ,, 17 aloe London .. .. 20,12« ,. 17 Lord Lyndhurst.. Java - .. 1,002 » -0 Bombay Point do Galle.. 68.8JT .. 28 Roxburgh Castle.. London .. 03,812 AUB; 7 Surrey Shanghao 03 ., H Moravian .. London .: 49,203 " 1« (taroka Hong Kong .. 4,541 " 21 WoUoaloy .. .. uondon .. ., 81,123 " 20 Madras Point do Galle., 42,227 ti pt. 17 Oreat BrlUla liverpool 100,722 ., 20 Northam ,. Point de Gallo.. 41,813 " ao Uonarch Loudon.. 00 597 0,t. 24 Schah Jeh">n Bong Kong ,. 6,8 it Tho revenue statomonta for tbo year and qusrler ending on the 30th ultimo, have boan published, by authority, in the Gove rnment Guzcllc. The revenue for tho year amountoi to £31024,693 7s. Od., against £2,756,892 13a. 7d. for the year ondiug 30th September, 1861, showing an increase of £267,800 13s. lid. Tho n venue for tho quarter amounted to £890,28(1 13a. ,3d., against £634,840 12s, lid. for tbo third quarter of 1861, showing an increase oC £255,446 0a. 4d. Tho groat itom of increase baths for the} car and the quarter, is in the fund arising from the sale of Crown lands-amounting, for tha quarter, to £224,791 12s. lid., and for tho year to £274,766 19a. 8d, In the Customs department a falling-off in both periods is exhibited. Taking the increaao and docroaso for the year separately »no find a decrease in spirits of (omitting fraa tien») £91,718; beor, £14,344; tobacco, £34,902 ; cigars, £11,218 ; tea, £17,289 ; coffoe, £1,594 ; and an increase in the following articles :-Wine, A28; sugar, £25,248; opium, £5,743; rios, .£6,837; dried fruits, £8,351; hope, £2.629; I malt, £4,416; »hoop-wash tobacco, £312 ^tnd registration fees, £14,007. The not de | orease In this department stands at £103,492. i In tho Excise Department : -Spirits di»- ' I tilled within the colony show an increase of I ! £2,173 ; and spirit merchants' liconcea, £416. I The artiolos of decrease are-publicans' licence«, £49; auctioneers' licences, £2,799 ; brewers' ; lloencos, £93 ; all other licenoes, £3,329. In tai territorial revenues wo find an increase in tha proceeds of the sale of Crown lands of £274,766 ; and the pastoral and other occupation lioonce i of £63,421 ; and a decrease ia export duty o.i gold of £41,357 ; miners' rights, £7,363; busi- ' ness licences. £9,638 ; leases of auriferous lands, £3.063. In the income derived from public work], ' there is an inorease of £104.983 from the railways, ! and £1,798 from the electric telegraph. The port) and harbours' receipts show an increase of I £1,413 on tonnage, and tho post- office a decrease i of £2,185. The fees of court and fines an i '' forfeitures do not exhibit any remarkable oon- ! traits, as will be seen by reference to the tables, | nor do the miscellaneous receipts. ! Taking tho ¡toms for the quarter, we find tha same features in the increase and decrease oxhi- '. bitodinaless prominent degree. The Custom i j revenue ehows a net decrease of £12,731, mad a ' np of tho following items :-Increase-Wiuo, ' £1,358 ; toa, £2,767 ; sugar, £5,145 ; rioa, > £2,815; dried fruits, £4.406; hops, £1,1G3 ; malt, j £2,336; sheepwash tobacco, £84; registration ' fees, £5,767. Decrease-Spirits, 16,381; beer, : £8,128 ; tobacco, £10,830 ; oigars, £2,705 ; coffee, , £257 ; opium, £273. In spirits distilled in Vic- I tori» we lind, under the head of excise, an in- crease of -£2,405 ; In publicans' licences of ' £2,170; and in spirit merchants' licences of i £637. In auctioneers' licences thero is a da crcaso exhibited of £75; and in all other ? licences of £1,721. In the Crown lands depart- ment, thora is an increase in the proceeds of thi , sales of lands of £22-1,794 ; and in squatting and I other occupationliconoesof £31,800. Intheexpart duty on gold, a decrease is shown of £6,964, oa miners' rights of £374, on business licences of £1,567, and in leases of auriferous lands of £1,411. Tho income derived from public workï shows an incrcaso in tho railway receipts of I £40,562, a decrease in water rates of £25,000, j and In the electric telegraph office of £132. Tha other items for the quarter do not call for ra- | maik. For tho purpose of affording a closer com- parison, we subjoin a tablo of the items given ' separately for both quarters and years respec- tively, omitting fractions : «1 [uartor ondlng Tear ending. HSADS OP ' RlVBctVI. BOth 80th 80th 80th Sept, Sept,, Bepf., Bopt,, 1801. 1802. 1801. 1802. I.-CUSTOMS. & & £ a Import Dutioa On Spirits 140,310 182,001 028,208 536,131 Wh'o.. 8,089 0,128 48,137 43,610 Beer .. 22,813 11,161 02,804 43,100 Tobacco 81,003 2B.207 150,416 115,5(1 Cigars 4,335 1,020 21,600 13,181 Toa 21,160 23,023 126,820 108,519 Suirar 24,720 29,876 110,813 130,092 Oolloo 4,003 8,710 16,230 11,011 Opium 8,667 8,281 13,181 10,225 Kk-o .. 2,816 6,837 Dried fruits.. - 4,100 - 8,351 Hopi,. - 1,103 -> 2,629 Malt .. - 2.8d0 -? 4,116 Shoopwiflb to- bacco 81 812 Registration foca.. - 5,707 - 14,007 Total Customs.. 271,010 268,879 1,170,033 1,072,511 IL-KXCISB. Spirits distilled in Victoria.. 016 3,080 8,203 6,137 Publicans' llcenooa 21,025 23,705 £6,014 60,195 Spirit mcrohauta' do 412 1,078 11,013 12,830 Auctioneers' do... 276 200 4,099 2,230 Browors' do. 40 40 931 890 All othor liconcoB 8,007 0,880 12,911 0,015 Total exclso .. 81,601 86,081 00.680 80,993 III.- IKRIUTO nuL. Procooils of sale ol Crown lands .. 74,816 290,010 407,782 772.619 Pastoral occupa-^ tion Bent of lands .. y 42,698 71,396 283,656 297,077 Mew runs and 1 other lioooco«,/ Export duty on gold .. .. Minors' rights .. 01,426 65,731 253,887 212,530 10,286 0,802 41,071 81,303 Busirioss liconcos.. 4,442 2,876 21,818 12,180 Leases of aurifer- ous lauda 2,198 783 9.S1C 6,751 Total territorial 106,716 113,291 1,058,632 1,335,307 IV.-INCOMK FROM Pubuo WORKS. Hallway Income.. 87,688 78,140 180,806 235,103 Water rates 26,000 26,000 25,030 Electric Tolograph 6,801 6,232 22,803 21,161 Total Income from publio «yorks 03,051 81,351 178,170 281,051 V. - PORTS AND ' HARBOURS. Tonnage 0,811 6,300 17,129 18,513 Pilotago (at out ports) ,. 81 82 82 71 ! Total ports and harbours 6,870 6,311 17,212 18,615 VI.-POSTAOS .. 28,401 20.U5 118,007 110,821 VII.-FBRB. Of Supremo Court 6,700 6831 26,296 23,503 Gen oral Sessions & County Courts.. 1,631 1,102 5,131 £,011 «Dourta of Minni . 217 867 1.031 091 Courts oi Pott} Scanlons 3131 2,868 10,010 10,212 All othor looa 4,001 1,076 16.801 10,210 Total foes 10,331 11,956 67.082 65,933 VIII.-rmita AND FORVRITURKB. OI Buprcuio Court 807 320 388 743 General Sessions and County Courts ., i 47 26 78 Courts ol Potty Sessions 1,479 895 7,176 4,56!) All other linos and torfoilurcs 8» 736 2.937 2,833 Total (inca and forfeitures .. 2,610 2,003 10,580 8,216 IX.- MlSOBLLANK ODS. Bents, oxcluBlvool lar|d 1,087 661 2,627 2,021 Government prin- ter 1,020 1,7«: 6,700 6,719 labour of prl soñera £58 1.28E 8.62Í 4,193 Storage of gun- powder .. Saloi of Govern- 267 271 1.07C 1,23) ment property.. 671 2,693 8,26 4,109 Ohbicso passonger rates .. 820 ÍOC 1.40C 1,830 All othor rocoipts. 8,010 10,011 87,11! 31,832 Total miscella- neous.. 13,01t 17,2« 64.80 £1,101 Total rovonue.. 631,810 800,281 031,81 2,768,80 3,021,0)1 2,766,891 Net incroaio On the (¡«arter.. SC5.11 1 - On the -ear .. - 207,89) SPBCIAI, FUNDS. Police roward fund 1,11 1,00 2 7,«( 4,7fi Penal establish- ments fund 5 J li 21 Tolls fund 28,02 10,70 1 115,50 81,830 Trust fund 8, Sic 7,66 80,10 26,651 folleo hospital fund 174 254 I 9IC 721 Tbo money market has partaken of the general steadiness and quietude which have porvaded commercial pursuits. Several of the banks have published the usual quarterly statements of thoir weekly averages, which show a small increase ia tho'dopositR, and a corresponding one in coin and bullion. The market has been abundantly Bup pliod, and outside tho banks investors in mort- gage and other good securities havo been contont with a lower interest. On first-class properties, money is advanood readily at 7 por cont. Tha banks' rates of discount remain unchanged at 8 per cent, for threo months' bills, and 9 par cent, for four months'. Intorest is allowod by the'bsnks on time doposi's at the following ratas : -For deposits at thirty days' notice, from l.J to 2 per cont. per annum ; at threo months' no tied, from 2 to 2_ per cent. ; at six months' ztot'tco, from 4 to 0 per cont. Exohango ii quoted as follows :-Sixty days' drafts on Eng- land at 1 per cent, premium ; and thirty days' at 'li per cent. ; sight at 2 per cont. Tha diemal Bank Corporation charges for thirty days' exchange on Bombay, Caloutta, and Madras, 2a. Id. per rupoo; Hong Kong and Singapore, 4s. lOd. per dollar ; Mauritius, 4s. 21. per dollar ; Ceylon, 3.i per cent, premium. Tho average statements of several of tho banks for tho third quarter of the year have been published ia the Gazette, in accordance with thd provisions of tho Aot 4 Viot., No. 13, Wo subjoirjpxtraots from these statements. The assets and liabilities aro given for this oolony only. The capital account refers to tho entire establishments of tho several banks. Tho Bank of Victoria was tho first to publish. In this bank tha liabilities aro stated,at-Notes in circulation not bearing interest, £292,961; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £13,234 4s. 2d. ; balanoa dub to other banks; £24,450 14s. 2d. ; deposits, not bearing intorest, £722,978 19s. 4d. ; deposits, bearing interest, £680,687 4s. Gd. : total amount Of Inabilities, £1,734,318 2s. 2d. Assets-Coined «old and silver, and other coined metals, £¡«0,557 17s. 9d. ; gold and silver in bullion or bais, £91,730 Is. lil. ; Government seourltlai, £50,000 ; landed properly, £106,349 13s. Gi. ; cok« and bills ot other banks, £14,676 13i, 8d. ; balances due from other banks, £152,59813i. 21. ; «mount of all debts due to the bank, inoluliog notes, bills of exchange, and all stock anti ' funded debtB of every description, exceptm» notes, bills, and balances dun lo the said bank - from other banks, £1,475,04117s. 9d. . tot«! amount of assets, £2,276,953 lCj. lid. Amount of tho capital stock paid up at this date - £500,000 ; rato of the last dividend"dedared to* the shareholders, ten per cent.;' amount cf last dividend declared, £25,000; amount of the re- served proli s after declaring euch dividend £92600. ond' Union Bank of Australia.-Liabilities- Notai in circulation not bearing interest, £173 026" 1E. lOd. ; bills in circulation not bearing interest £25,336 5s. 8d.; deposits not bearing interest* £687,573 lös. ; deposits bearing interest, £427 ni 19B. lOd. ; total amount of liabilities, ¿1,213'GGÍ» 2s. 4d. Atseta-Coined gold and silver and other coined metals, £240,757 13s. 9d. -,'goUi and silver in bullion or bars, £44,050 4j lid. ; landed property, £64,376 6s. 7d. : noteá and bills of other banks,, £23,373 3s. 2d . amount of all debts due to the bank, including notes, billa of exchange, and all Btock and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, bills and balances due to the said bank from other banks, £1,137,996 Cs. lOd : total amount of assets, £1,510,55215s. 3d. Amount of the capital stock paid tip at the olose of tho quarter ended 30th September, 1862, £1,000,000; rato of the . last dividend declared to the shareholders 14 per cent, per annum ; amount of the last divi- dend declared, £70,000 ; amount of the reserved prefitB at tho time of dedaring such dividend ¿285.997 Cr. 9d. b na' Onental Bank Corporation.-Liabilities_No1 "1 in circulation, not beating interest, £153,701 6«* 6d , billB in circulation, not bearing interest" £9,096 11s oJ , balances due to other bank»' ti 361 Ids OJ , deposite, not bearing interest* £228,001 16t lid., deposits, bearing interest £477,581 12s 9d. . total amount of liabilities! A809,7431B 2d, Assets- Coined gold and silver, ai_d othor oined metala, £168,035 9s. gold ard silver m bullion or bars, £106,256 6s. 7d-, landed pror ei ty, £40,000. notes and billa of other banks, £18 02412a. 3d., balances due from other lulika, £29,0U 4a 5d. , amount of all debts duo to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock -and funded debta of every descrip- tion, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said Dink from other banks, £768,4146a lid total amount of assets, £1,129,799 19B. 2d! Amount of the capitalBtook paid up to this dato £1,260,000, rate of the last dividend declared to the tharcholtlers, ten per cent per annum, and tLiee per t nt bonus, or sixteen percent, per annum , amount of the last dividend declared, £100,800, i.mount of the reserved profits after declaring tuck dividend, £252,000. Victoria Branch of tho Bank of Ne» South Vi ales -Liabilities-Notes m circulation, not ttaring interest, £224,611 6s. Id , billa in circulation, not bearing interest, £10,623 0s. 8d l-tilances duo to other banks, £17,028 OÍ Id,, depoBits, not bearing interest, £574,753 19e. 7d., deposite, bearing interest, £588,585 ¿a. Dd total amount of liabilities, £1,410,203 9a, 10d. AsaetB-Coined gold and silver, and other coined moláis, £192 536 14» 8d., Government seoon ties, £31,038 9a 2d., gold and silver m bullion or tars, £85,298 19a 6d , landed pro petty, £55 736 10B. 5d. , notes and bills of other tanks, £16 2D7 Is 4d , balances due from other banks, £56,31519a 7d., amount of all debts due to tbiB manch, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every dcBcriu t ion, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to the (aid bank from other banks, £1,380,424 6s Od. total amount of assets, £1,817,608 Is fíd. Amount ei the capital stook paid up to this date, £700,000, 11 ato of the last dividend declared to the share- holders, fifteen por cent, per annum , amount of tbe last dividend declared, £56,250, amount cf the resirved profits after declaring such din e end, £250,000 A half-yearly general mooting of the sharc lolders of the Colonial Bank of Australasia was 1 old on Thursday, at which a dividend at tho rate oi ten per cent, per annum was declared. The meeting wau held with closed doors, as is the ens tem at this establishment. The reports of the pro- ceedings aro supplied by the directors, who, with . the management, are responsible for their accu- racy, and for any omissions which may1 occur. Iho profits for the half-year are set down at' J. 49,844, the expenses at £12,-w'i. A balance of ¿18,761 is carried to the con.ingent aocount. The stock and Bhare maiket during the month 1 SB not exhibited any signs of activity, although the prices of all descriptions of securities have boen maintained. Government Debentures are scarce, :md readily purchased at £108.} when offered. Bank Bhares have been more dealt in than other securities. Colonial Bank havo fluctuated between j_ar and £6 6s. Their half-yearly mooting was 1 eld on the 23rd, at whioh a dividond of Ga. per share was declared, or at the rate of ten per cent.: 1 cr annum. No transactions have taken placa i ince the meeting. National Bank have been in favour, buyers readily giving £4, Bank of Vio- toria 'aro scarce, .and quoted at £35 to £35}. Hobson's Bay Railway Bhares have not been e flered, and uro quoted at £49 to £50. They are . s bout to apply to Parliament to extend their line to the Government Railways at Spencei etreet, and thus become the central Btstion. No business in other railways. Insurance abares1 Lave slightly improved in valuo. Australasian are not obtainable under 47a, Gd. ; Australian Alliance, a new company, formed under favourable auspices, are in demand for in- vestment. Gas shares have not boen muoh dealt in. Mining shares havo not commanded, much attention, and no feature of intorest. has transpired during the past month, Ths transactions of the week are given below: On Wednesday-Victoria Government Deben- tures, Six per Cont.,108J; Colonial Bank of Aus li ainsi» shares, £6 3s. ~6d. ; National Bank of Australasia, £4 Is, ; Melbourne Gas Company's £10 ahnres, £9 ; £5 sbareB, £4 10s. ; Austral- asian Insurance Company, 46s. Gd. ; Colonial Insurance Company, 18s. On Thursday-Vio- toria Oovernment Debentures, £108i ; National Bank of Australasia, £4 Is. ; Bank of Victoria, £35 10B,; Melbouruo Railway debentures, Eight per Cent., 101; Catherine Reef Mining, 7s. Od.; Hustler's Reef Mining, 2s. 6d. Yesterday the market was very inactive. Sales were reportée! cf National Bank" of Australasia shares at £i Is,, and St. Arnaud Mining Company at £30. TVe briefly noticed in our last summary tha downfall of a bank of deposit, " the Provident Instituto of Victoria"-an establishment carrierl cn under falso principios, tho taking of deposits at call at a high rate of interest, and the locking of these up for time at leng dates, on mortgage* and without due regard to the security. This in- stitution lins since filed its schedule in the Insol- vent Court, through tho chairman and managing director. The liabilities to depositors amount la £257,000. Up to tho present date, 409 depositors have proved their claims, amounting to £122,883. This failure is one» highly disgraceful lo all par- lies concerned in it-to the depositors, who havo Leen frequently warned by the press of tho risk they had to encounter, and to the directors, who ippenr to have been unscrupulous in their traf- ficking in mercantile speculations for their own behoof. These dealings will ho the subject of a searching investigation. At present thero do cot appear to bo any worse foaturos disclosed than utter want of management and the temporary misappropriation of the funda, which, in specula- tions in sugar, Hour, and mining shares, led, at was predicted, to the disaster which has taken place. There is no great fraud discovered, as in the instances of tho banks of deposit in Eng- land. Themonoys of the depositors appear to bo acknowledged and duly entered ; and although thu accountant ia reported to be absent without leave, bia books do not exhibit any defalcations. Tho Victorian railways aro now open for traffic. They will be in full woik before tho departuro of the next mail. It is highly satisfactory that, not wilhstanding all the difficulties attending now enterprises, and tho expensive management which jr- characteristic cf Government rule, the returns are of a character to warrant tho Ministry in an- nouncing that those greni works will, at (heir commencement, yield four per cent, on tho capital invested. The public sales of the season's clip of wooli opened on Wednesday, at tho stores of Messrs li. Goldebrough nnd Co., when a catalogue of 2,715 bales was submitted to buyers, but several of the lots were declared to be withdrawn at tho com- mencement, in consequence of the entire paroo'» not having reached Melbourno. In all, 2,218 bales were offered, to a very largo audience. The creasy woola excited tho ohief interest, but tho biddings wero not equal to thoso of the opening i ale of last year. The floeeo wools did not ex- cite any competition, and the greater numbr-ff the lots of this description were bought ¡nLJn all, 973 bales wero Bold-greasy at 6 jd. to 12Jd. ; scoured at Is, 41d. to Is, 10_d, ; fleece, at from Is. 3d. to 1B. 6)3, Tho second publie salo was held on Thursday, at Messrs, J, H. Clough and C'o.'s warehouses, and was folly attended. Up- wards of 1,000 bales were submitted, and about TOO were sold^ For tho greasy and scoured sorts there was a fair competition, buta largo portion of the fleece wool wnB withdrawn, the growers' limits being again above tho prices offered. Wo'havo noticed the coureo of the import mar- ket in detail in the remarks prefixed to our list of 1 rices current in another column. The following is a statement of the stocks of dutiable goods in bond at the port of Melbourne t u the 21st inst. -.-Brandy, 2,306? hhdB., 27,4381 icBCB ; rum, 1,381 blids., 468 cases ; geneva, 29{ 1 hds., 80,209 red 2,822 green cases ; whiskey, 5391 hilda,, 8,136 cases; old tom, 2774 hhds., 4,784 cases ; cordials. 1,751 cases ; spirits of wine, 139 hbds. ; other spirits, 90 hhds., 3,469 cases: wine, 3.0011 hhds., 6,908.) cases; beer, 2,912 hbds., 3,274 cases and casks J tobacco, 22 hhds., D5 casks, (321 bales, 2 tierces, 333 half- tierces, 19 quarter-tierces, 48 kegs, 5,445 threo-quorter boxes, 3,741} cases and boxes ; cigars, 756 9-10tb cases : i-nutT, 65 packages; tea, 32,395 chests, 13,5061 half-cheat», 6,895 boxes; coffee, 336 casks, l8? larrela ; sugar, 63,315 bagB raw, 48,721 packages ; roclames, 357¿ hhds.; ehicory, 438 package«; sp'um, 85 chests, 264 laoksges; colonial dis- tilled Spirits, 1,360 hbds. ; dried fruits, 5 piu&i;,, DO barrels, 533 oases, 40 linds., 795 boxes, 161 Basks, 89 packages; hops, 126 paokagei, 11 bales ; rice, 674 bags, 10 barrels ; malt, 268 bags. tha Bill of Entry gives the imports at tha «port of Melbourne during the past wook at the declared value of £208,411, and the exporta at £79,440 : the balance being in favour of the former by £128,971. Amongst the latter wa notice the following items of colonial produc- tion:-Bonos, 27 tons; bran, 1,270 bushels; flour, 118 tons; gold, 970 ounces; guano, 26 tons; gum, 'Sh tons ; kaolin, 2£ tans ; fivo stock. sheep, 700 No. ; potatoes, 32A tons ; soap, 11 tons. Specie was imported to the value of £25,500, and exported to that of £23,476. lu the following table, the imports and exports are given weekly for the current year. Bide by aida with the corresponding periods of 1861, together with the totalB up to dato : Week ending. Imports. Exports. 1861. 1862. 1861. ist«. fi a £ Jan. S 180,188 148,220 2J6.840 91,153 ., U 804,467 411,276 232,142 287,78« es l8 181,189 187,805 217,280 232,789 s, 26 7eb. 1 409,471 205,850 480,693 423.648 827,705 476,621 291,943 ili)5,843 ,i 8 197,193 171,705 80,825 125,035 " 16 821,611 287,602 270,010 221,121 H 22 177,112 246,059 204,257 880, rai March 1 141,006 210,010 869,068 299.223 «s 8 209,869 105,932 85,161 120,234 .s 15 243,602 810,912 802,238 882,922 H 22 263,991 217,678 40,987 78,289 >> 29 224,004 208,641 297,021 869.776 April 5 165,684 380,229 45,871 82,800 .. « 84,847 213,760 202,781 209,791 H l8 208,181 121,042 2B9.272 213,624 " 26 809,121 221,402 416,975 233,571 Hay B 256,703 247,473 89,432 200,056 .. io 801,067 95,153 190,877 103,227 » w 284,809 835,170 193,670 273.679 C't. 24 184,274 64,024 825'996 171,039 \- " 81 172,614 241,735 217,223 260,837 Juno 7 149,896 878,830 87,801 134,370 n 1* 103,472 122,040 182,025 53,433 >> 21 181,700 187,940 161,769 64,679 " 28 125,201 226,810 410,600 210, 'ái9 July c 249,833 128,797 241,678 552.079 " 12 262,860 197,801 141,800 210.0Í3 .s l8 847,436 803,788 209,218 63.171 " 26 420,6(18 185,267 316,004 419, î t'J Ang. 2 .821,071 401,278 06,852 121,891 «s » 190,176 109,734 280,834 231) SiT ., 16 438,751 819,265 120,244 45,517 H 28 123 822 207,220 416,619 211,1)1 ,, 80 202,769 464 015 178,130 1W.7U Sept. 7 618.053 242,876 74,297 83.821 >s 1* 193,343 147,484 142,672 93,7ál .. 21 893,739 220,210 401,695 620,918 " 28 Oit. s 191,007 270,432 802,640 270,118 207,680 280,626 146,912 830,212 «s 12 268,644 2»t-,005 64,242 76,411 s l8 250,676 203,411 893,030 79 410 10.876,899 10,816,872 9,602,894 9,509,393 i Daring; the former poriod, the account stool thus: Imports _ .«10,876,809 BxporU .. _ .. ,. 9,(02,894 Balance oí Importa over export* Daring the second poriod : Imports . Ixports . £873,005 JBebmee of Imports over exports .. £814,478 The following Is a statement of the traffi : returns of the Victorian Government lines of railway, and of tho Melbourno and Hobaon's B»y Railway, for the month of September : «Ckivornment Linos Mttlbo arno and Hob ?on'a Bay Fas aongors. £ B d. 11857 8 £ 17 S 2004 8 7 & s. d. 29815 11 a 5665 1 3 The Intolocncy Circular, issued on the lat butt,, gives the usual digeBt of tho insolvency briainOBS for Septombor. The list contalnBseventy anic estates in which the schodulos wore filed la Melbourne, and twenty in whioh the sohedulej were filed in Geelong. With the BÍngle*exc3p> tion of the Provident Institute, to the bank- ruptcy of whioh institute we havo alluded else- where, with liabilitioa amounting to £260,169, and assets to £228,825, these insolvencies call lor little notice. They wore of the ordinary cha- racter, involving separately but email nmountî. Of the Melbourne insolvents the trades aud ceilings may be thus classified :-2 bakers, 2 bootmakers, 1 boardinghousc- koepor, 3 butchor«, 1 bricklayer, 2 cab-drivers, 2 carters, 2 olerks, 1 collector, 1 coach proprietor, 7 contractors, 1 draper, 1 farmer, 1 fruiterer, 3 gentlemen, 3 grocers, 1 houso-agent, 1 journalist, 1 livery stable-keeper, 9 miners, I newspaper-writer. 3 painters, 3 publicans, 1 quarryman, 3 restaurant-keepers, 1 sawyer, 1 sohoolmistroaaj, C storekeepers, 1 slaughterman, 1 splitter, 1 shorthand-writer, 1 tailor, 1 turaer, 1 tin- smith, 1 tobaoconiat, 1 undertaker. At Goolong the trades and callings may be thus doBcribad : -2 bakers, 2 butohers, 1 carter, 1 clerk, 1 cjt tractor, 1 corn dealer, 1 farm labouror, 1 grocjr, 1 labourer, 1 miner, 3 publicans, 1 printer, 1 sav roill propnotor, 1 Bottler, 1 slaughterman. Cortt ficatOB were granted to forty-eight applicants. In nine eases they were postponed, in one sus- pended, and in two refused. Eleven as- signments woro registered for the benefit of creditors. Flans of distribution were filed ia forty-four estates. IMPORTS At the Port of Melbourne from the 15th Sep- tember to 12th Octobor, 1862, compared with the caorrosponding period of 1861. carts, Agricultural Im- plements «aBsali-Soda, tons Apparel and alopa Ammunition .. fuse, caps, <So.. Powder.. Bhot, toni Arms Guns and pistols Arrowroot, lb. Bags and sacks Boor Bottled.. Drought Biscuit, tons Elankots andwool lens Boats .Books Boots and chooa.. Bran, bushels Bricks Bath .. Building, No. Briishwaro Building materials Butter, tons Cabbagetree Candios, tons 'Candlewlck Canvas .. Carpeting. Carriages, etc. Cement .. Cheeso, tons Chicory .. Cblnawaro Cider Coals, tons Cocoa and choco late, lb. Coffee Coko andfuol, tons Confectionery Copper, tons Copper waro Oordago, tons Corks Cottons .. Cotton waste Cutlery -. Drapery .. Drugs Brnggista' ware Sartnonwaro StTgs fancy goods Sell Jilsh , Fresh .. Preserved , Raited, tons nix Floor, toni JTroit- - . Bottled.. , Dried, toni Green, bushels Tnrnlture and up . holstory Glass Bottles. , JPlato . Window .' 'MBware -wfne . Ooldleaf . Oral» Barley, bushels Beans and'poos, do. .. Cram, tons . Jualzo,bu_hols. Halt .. Oat«, btuhels. | Itioo .. Wheat, bushels Grindery ., Grindstone« Buano, tom Haberaashery Hair, tons Hardware and Ironmongery Bats and caps Bay, tons.. Ilolloware Hops, lbs. Hosiery .. "kdljrobber goods inetrament» Alusical.. Solentlfla Iron, tons ' JflWollory.. 27,174 1,956 827 4.280 18 080 20,261 487 8,847 6,489 27,00a 2,036 8,524 8,053 054 2,015 6 17.870 210 2,600 2 002 2,056 ?167 5,111 1,510 6, ¡¡C4 1~47 148,196 9,024 27S 8 035 646 8,980 1,187 1,078 22,991 8,747 1,286 1,760 1,180 4,031 \- 78 220 211 0.7Î8 6,210 7,624 20,603 16,706 S02 10i ¿¡Oil 260 24,773 4,808 1? 816 1,487 M 26 10,83! 11,017 Quantities. 1,283 2,696 17,b67 6,788 20,883 17,678 16 8,659 40,760 2,882 1,870 2,885 6,254 80~01 219 1,950 2,614 16,167 1.1 2,712 "¡322 1,811 817 2,958 1,635 7, 470 1,291 173,650 9,141 1,149 6,428 601 2,0m 180 517 4,856 854 144 15,838 80 2,765 2,471 6,216 6,000 1,466 8\. " 90 S5.876 14 110 8 737 9Í021 4,11 11813 7,0Q5 060 60 6 6,197 1,201 2,006 1,861 46, -,47£ 93' 17 '«' 1C9 1862. 7l2 82,021 16,000 42 86 1,466 13,015 038 20I224 81,030 4671S 1 end, tons lentb or, owt. Xenthorworo Unen I ive stock Hortes, Ko. Plgr, do.. Poultry " Sheep, No. Eiids .. -achlnory Karblo .. Hi atclicsand vestas Kata and rugs »leal Corn, ton» Oat, do... Metal Yellow, tons - HMlnory .. Mo'ssio« Nails and screw», tons Naphtha and cam phlno, gals. .. Ueta Nuts .. ¡ Cfl Cr coi nut, gal. Colza, do, Eeroseno, do.. Linseed, do. . Olivo, do. Sperm, do I7ndcscribod,do, Oilcloth .. Oilmen's stores .. Onions, tons Opium Pointings and en- gravings Paints, &o..; Papcrhanglngs .. Pcifurnory Photographic goods Pipes-Tobacco .. Pitch and tar Planta and soedB.. Plate and plated woro .. Plumbers' ware Potatoes, tons Prcservoa.. Printing materials Provisions Proservod Salted, tons SulrkBllvor a'lway matorlals Perin Eaddlory .. Et KO, lbs,.. Salt, tons.. Shlpchandlery SUbs Skins Biete», No. Soap. tons.. Specie .. Specimens of Na- tural Hlstoiy Bl ices Bpliita Brandy.. . Cordials Oin Of wlno.. Peril-íod Bum .. Whlakoy Vndcecribed Sponge .. Starch and bluo Stationery Stool, tons Btone Building, tons.. Mill .. Btonewnre Bupar Sallow, tons Tea Tenta and tarpau lin» Timber Deals, No. IiatliB, bundles . Palings, No. .. logs anil pilo», , do. Poeta and ralla, do. .. Sawn, foet ilifcOoUanoous Un.. -nwaro .. Tobacco .. Cigars .. fcnnfl .. Tobacconists' ware ToolBand utonslls Toys and turnery Turpentine and varnish, gals. .. Twtnoand thread, tona Vegetable», tona Wilting, tons Wickorware Wine Wondon wore Wool, lb... Zinc, tons.. Miscellaneous 810 1,226 820 8,790 2,474 li1 2,001 8,176 671 2,200 1,160 1,860 1,060 726 iieos 77 11,1 86,301 1,205 2,676 1,810 1,819 2,707 8,836 2,770 68,161 1,286 2,172 5 4,660 1W32 16,818 16 10,110 2,110 870 01,863 21,006 1,799 10,017 6,062 920 2,160 180 111«! If" Quantities. 1862. & 866 800 2,477 coe 466 ~"l6 4,060 15,082 100 6,248 2,481 801 1,870 2,827 121 80 260 2,280 270 804 40 1406 ISO 0,11 G 460 26,263 60 672 700 16 478 728 C06 SOO 6,788 386 711 1,160 12,160 18,125 40 0.607 8,080 1,178 0,211 1,708 600 710 £0,800 20.064 iaii74 ooo 480 1,126 G 058 1,056 80 425 0,161 800 20 80 61 74,226 00 60,960 11,813 160 618 1,058 80 12,818 6," 2,120 814 94 15,880 6,186 8,600 6,401 1,607 20269 1,072 S7.2SS £11 1,008 12,775 1,801 1,020 100 6,666 2,164 63,070 21.Í.88 650 190,500 4,600 2,880,686 610 16 876 1,078 6J0 1(6 7,816 1,011 108 887 17,678 1,361 10,276 88,944 1,000 8160O 600 1,188,341 1,460 2,608 EXPORTS. - Values. Quantities. 1861. 1807. 1881. 1862. .Agricultural Im- £ £ plements Alkali-Soda, tons 600 078 60 10 S 1 Apparel and slops 4,468 7,458 - mm» Arms and ammu- nition 1,908 30 - MM Asphalte, tons . 852 88 - -. Arrowroot, lb. .. 882 2,401 Bags and sacks .. 606 888 - .-. Bark, tons 260 84 Beer Bottled, gals... 602 884 3,817 S.filS Draught, do. . 000 3,021 6,70i 21,891 Bl cult, tons 817 822 2( 21 Blsck Band, tons OCO 14 Blankets and wool lenB 1,880 1,101 - - Bones, tons 260 100 10 0 Books 1,106 1,737 - - Boots and shoos.. 4,788 6,680 Eran, bushels 1,484 081 20,280 11.481 Bricks .. 1 176 £r ushware 76 188 EuUduig materials 1,12! 814 - - Eotter, tons 3,803 1.017 24 20 Candios, do. 2,088 1,608 ill l8 Canvas .. 1,140 Carpeting.. - 7 - -_ Carriages, carts, Ac. 3,868 3.028 CaskB, ompty 108 178 - - Cement, tons .. 200 2 20 Chea», tons 420 046 4 e Chicory .. 622 - - - Chinswaro 10 Coals, tins 880 COO 110 165 (ccea and choco late, lb... 1 - 15 - Oolloo 6 008 1,180 Confectionery .. 184 BO - - Copper, tons 6,162 128 184 2 Copper ore, do. .. 0,900 - 230 « Ccppeiware Cordago, tons .. 206 460 460 10 0 Corks 2 44 Cotton. 880 880 - \-- Cntlory .. 180 876 - mm Drapory .. 38,487 86,061 - -. Drugs Ecrthonwaro 1,264 818 870 477 Fancy goods 1,860 2.C01 - - Flsh Frcaorvod 820 806 Flour, tons 11,676 6,807 720 481 Fruit Priod .. 1,671 1,276 87 \-- Oreen, .bushels 166 242 Furniture.. 1,080 1,686 - -. Class Bottles .. 22 20 Flat. 140 1,865 - « Window 82 36 OUiswaro D70 822 Gold, ounces 633,008 712,471 183,610 178.141 Gialn Wheat, bushels M7 108 1.668 412 Bsrley, do. 1 - 8 «*-. Walze, do. 00 411 20 1,040 Halt, do. 205 160 816 816 Oats, do. _ 8,178 1,408 16,881 4,803 Bice 258 8,466 Grindery .. .. !0 20 - _. Guano, tons 27 108 6 IA Baherdaihery .. - 7i Bardware and ironmongery .. o.«i 9,628 - mm Bats and caps .. 76E cet - Bay, tons,. Bides, No. 280 2,146 87 204, 6.05E 0,40c 11,096 10.W7 Bolloware 888 104 Bips .. 87' ec - Berra and hoofs.. 5 - - .-. Hosiery .. ., Bernes .. 8l£ 2,100 - 20 - "__ It. 22 liittlsrubber gooda li SE - mm* Instrumenta - Vuaical.. 8«a 26! %wm Selon tifio 60 148 Iren and stool, tons 1.67C 2 891 ~86 M3 Jewellery 2,682 264 Kaolin .. CO Liad, tons " leather, do. 67 61 ~"î 2 2 861 2,714 24 IS Ilrne, bushels .. - 41 M 890 live «took Cattle, No. .. 40 2,000 4 50 Borses, do. 10 foo 023 808 023 fjhcop, do. 8 03 1,7(0 10,684 8,731 llachhicry 4,136 1.S08 Haiti. 10 30 Hat ches and vestas 1,161 848 -.. < liais and rugs . 81 1 - .-? ' Meal-Oat, tons.. 80 16V 2 6 ' H eui, yellow, do « 270 S ! WUllncry .. 187 48c i Xlseellaneons .. 1,097 se SI ] JUolasses .? C 40f I I. alls and screws, ) tons .. 48! 20' 10 S ¡ Otis Rsl«. 0,37; 8,61 28,lb£ 17.386 < Oilmen's stores . 8,fc2t 1,74 - -* 1 < plum 46 46 J »tuts .. ^ - M 1 jpalntings and en | « graviuga . ; j 24 - 1 Fermhangings . 1» 31 - imm J Tcrfumery 5 - U 1 Mic-trirrapMs ' 1 gelds .. î i I - rr - VBIUOS. Qnantltlej. 1801, 1862. 1861. 1862. £ £ Fitch and tar 20! 128 Pipes-Tobacco .. 120 187 M _, Plante and aeoda.. 6 Plate and plated ware .. 110 130 Potatoes, ton» .. 810 40 68 5 Preserves 627 202 Printing materials - 260 - _> Provision«) Preserved .. £31 746 M M Salted, tons .. 4,023 8,012 77 63 QulckiUvor - 60 l8 M. _, li »11»ay material» 450 256 _ \- -> Ii coln ' .. - 436 40 iaddlery .. 1,227 6,07t - mm ligo, lb. Salt, tona.. 16 20 1,220 1,120 911 2,012 200 789 fhlpchandlory .. 8 117 - _1 Bilka 816 716 takln» 1,112 1,601 M M Eoap, tons Specie- Gold 47f> 1,068 16 87 160,712 81,085 _ M E peoimens of Natu- ral History 80 80 Fpelter, ton» 186 11 Siloes 808 882 mm «M Bplritn Brandy, gala- .. 8,820 8,663 15,880 -> Cordials 161 Os Gin 4,166 2,008 -« ' - Ofwlno.. 17 Perfumed 41 Bum, gal». 698 76t 8,109 mm Whiskoy, do. .. 1,010 1,141 6,661 -n fJndcscrlbod, do. 188 41 100 Btarcb and blue.. 116 ! - -m Blationory 808 2,220 _? - Btonewaro 160 Sugar Tallow, ton» 22,283 8,662 - __ 0,933 2,808 186 51 Toa 8,621 11,609 _, mm Tent« and tar- paulins 233 1,160 _ mm Timoor .. 8,662 1,011 mm -m 6 09 Tinware .. 668 141 mm. -m Tobacco .. 11,290 14,168 - Cigars .. Br.nO " 1,837 1,818 - - 62 Tobacconists' waro 40 Tools and utonslls 1,846 1,713 mm ToyB and turnory 88 71 - -m Turpentine and varnish,gala. .. Twine and thread 121 83 £86 28£ .16 1! Vinegar, gal«. WatclicBandclockt OS S 1,532 tx 216 216 mm Vi Ino, gals. 7,608 6,691 12JÏ83 Vi oodonware 290 407 Wool, lb. 17,202 82,825 238V02C 109,67; Zinc, tons.. 70 69 S MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tilt Argus Offioe, Friday Evening. Tho markets during the past month have presented but few prominent features. The continued moderation of shipments from the homo markets advUed by the last mail wits deemed very satisfactory, and tbo emi- gration to the New Zealand gold-fiolds having calmed down, country buyers are entering the markets more freely, and, with a fair sum- mer, thero seems no likolihood of any decline in prices below paying point. Where stocks, as is the case with some olasses of gooda, aro hoavy, »o improvement can reasonably bo looked for. The fear of a still larger exodus to Now Zoaland chocked business at the early part of the month, and Binoe then tho Champion Races, the Spring «Tookey Club Meeting, and the opening of the Melbourne and Murray Rivor Railway lines, to Castlemaine and Sandhurst, have all interfered with the settled interests of trade. After the departure of the present month's mail, moro aotivity is gonorally anticipated. Busi- ness ¡lia a healthy condition, although some failures have occurred. With these few re- marks, we proceed to give moro detailed particulars of the import markets. Bulk beers, of good qualities, are in demand and small sup- ply, good soundjqualities becoming scarce, the late suivais not having provod in very sound condi- tion. Bottled stout remains in fair inquiry, and ale is firmer and in more demand, but prices ro- main low. Ale.-Bass's No. 3 (new), £9 15s. to £10 ; Allsopp's, £9 10s. ; other Burton brewors', £8 to £8 10s. per hhd. ; Joule's Stone, £9 to £9 5s. ; Tcnnent's, £710s. per hhd. ; Byass's bottled, 9s. to 9s. 3d. ; London and Colonial Company's, 9s. ; Allsopp's, 9s. ; other bottlers', 8s. to 8B. Gd. Stout. -Best brands, £710s. to £7 15s. ; other brewers', £6 16s. to £7 nor hhd. ; Dublin stout, 10s. Gd. : ByasB's bottled, 10s. to 10s. 3d. ; London and Colonial Company's, 10s.; Barclay's porter, bottled by Friend, quarts, 10s. to 10s. 3d. ; other bottlers', 8s. to 9s. Gd. per dozen. Bags and Sacks.-Throo bushel seem to have tonohed their lonost. Tho trade, tempted by low prices, have como into the market, in antici- pation of the harvest requirements. Wool packs in moderate supply and good demand, at quota- tions. Woolpacks, 6s. to 5s. 3d. each ; three buBhol sacke, 12s. to 12s. 3d. per dozen ; gunnies, 7s. öd. to 8s. per dozen. Bacon has undorgono no ohango in prices, and transactions have been but moderato. Best brands are quoted at 12d. to 12jd. por lb. Butter continues in but limited demand, and is rot likely to improve. Many farmors potting down their surplus stook for winter uso. Best double-rose Cork is quoted at from Is. 3d, to Is. 3jd., which most be considered as the top price, Candios appear to bo diminishing in consump- tion, and are largely stocked. The only demand teems to bo for damaged lots, whioh aro being forced off freely by auotion, without reserve Sound parcels aro quoted as follows :-Neva stéarine, 13-id.; Belnionts, 12.}d. to 12Jd. ; Hales and Ogleby's, lad. to 12]d. per lb. Canvas is without any obange to report ; stocks are plentiful and demand light. Navy best is quoted at 13/jd. to 14d., and medium, lO.Jd. to lid. per yard. Cornent is still nominal at 12«. per barrel, for Roman ; 16s. for Portland ; but that of looal ma- nufacturo is getting into such general use as to supersede the necossity of importation. Cheese.-Prime parcels of moderate amount find tolerably ready Bale, but there is nothing amount- ing to a demand, and prices still rulo at following rates ¡-Double Gloucester, Is. ; Wiltshire, lid. to is. j Cheshire, Is. Id. ; Gouda, 7Ael. to 8d. per lb. Cools.-The supplies of colonial continue to increase, and, as tho pits become moro workod, tho quality improves. Quotations aro 36s. to 37B. por ton on the wharf, being of about the tame value as English sorts. Coffee.-Prices aro steadily sustained by holdere, but demand is very limited and but little doing, Ceylon, Plantation, is quoted otlOld. to lid. ; native, 7.}d. to 8_d.; Java, 7¿d. to 8Jd. perin., in bond. Confectionery in good supply and quiet de- mand. Best descriptions are quoted at lid. per lb. _ Cordage shows no alteration. The market is well supplied, and the request moderate. Twine of good quality is in demand, and light in stook. Prices rule as follow :-Europe ropo, £30; Rus- tían rope, £39 to £40; coir rope, £30; Manilla rope (assorted sizoa), £49 to £50 per ton. Uruga.-There has scarcely any chango oc- curred in the pricos of articles under this head. Soda crystals and sulphur flour aro ohitfly held by one house, who seek for fuU rates. Soda ash unsaleable, othor gooda dull. Heavy arrivals of Patna opium havo come forward and doadoned the market, and roduoed pricos. Quotations are :-Opium, Patna, £240 por ohest, duty paid ; prepared, 26s. to 28s. per canister ; soda crystals, £9 to £910s. ; soda-ash, £13 per toa ; sulphur flour, 24B. per owt. ; carbonate soda, 17B. to 18s. por owt. ; tartaño acid, 2s. 61, per lb. ¡cream of tartar, Is. 6d. per lb. ' Fish, Driod[and Saltod.-Demandhas improved. Primo ling, scarce and saleable. Quotations are : -Ling, 5d. per lb. ; herrings, white, 6s. Od. par tin, 10a. Gd. to Ila. per firkin ; red, two-dozon, tins. 27s. to 30a. per dozen. Flour and Grain.-Wheat and nour have re- mained in fair demand throughout the month, but not to an extont to materially ohango prices. A fair inquiry ' continuos, at steady quotations. The scarcity of horeo corn haa led to largo transactions, and with the short supplies of oats, both barley and wheat have attracted attention for feeding purposes. The ohiot advanco has, however, been m oats and maizo, the former of colonial growth, are out of first hands, and Californian havo been largely placed at 9s. per bushel ; and as we can have no supplies until the next harvest Is got in, prices will continue high. Maizo has steadily advanced, and has to-day been placed at Ga. Gd. por bushel. Quotations are :- Flour-Tasmanian, £13 to £13 10s. ; Adelaide, £14, superfino, £14 10s. ; Californian, £13 per ton. Wheat-Colonial, 53. !)d; to 5s. lOd. ; Adolaido.Cj. to 6s. 2d. ; Califor- nian, 5s. 6d.' to Cs. Od. per buBhol. Oats- Irish and Scotch, Ga, Gi. to 7a.; Californian, 8j. 9J. to 9B. : colonial, 9s, 6d. to 9a. 9d, per bushel. Bailey-Malting, 6«. Cd. to 7s. ; I coding, 5 j. 3d. to 5a. Gd, per bushol. Maize, Sydney-grown, Cr. 6d. per buihe). Malt, d. p., 9a. 4d. to 9a. Gd. Gram, £15 per ton. Bran, la. 4d. to Is. 4¿d. per bushel. Scotch oatmeal, £19 to £20 ; colo- nial, £45 por ton. Fruits, Dried.-Good currants are in better demand, but OB our froBh fruits aro now coming is, dried sorts will again become in lessened di mund. Quotations are (duty paid).-Currant», 4d, lo 4Ad. ; raiBins,muscatels, 7¿d. to 8d. ; Cape do., 7d."; figs, 5¿d. lo 6d. ; apples, did. to 4¿d. Ii erna have been in more aotive demand, but trices remain sa follows;-Varey'», Is. Id. to IB. 2d.; Sinclair's, Is. I'd. to 1«. 2d.; Gum heiland, lid. to Is. por lb. Hops also aro uncharged in value, nlthough ira. ilii.lt} mere iiquii},Kent and Etur.«x (ISO1», are still quoted at Is, 8d. to 2s. ; 1862, lOd. to Lu 2d. per lb,, duty paid. j Hardwaro and ironmongery remain very quiet! with stocks of all descriptions ample. T Malt remains unimproved at low prices, the api proaoh of summer not having as yet benefited] value, which is quoted at 9s. to 9s. Gd. (duty paid). J Metals. - Corrugated iron continues in fair) inquiry. Zino also is in good demand. Tiu-j plates are improving. Fencing wire also has im-_ § roved, and is in* good demand. Sheet-leael ull, with stocks large. Bar-Iron is also! heavy of sole. The following are quotations i \- Morowood's patent corrugated galvanized] tinned, 24 and 26 gauges, £36 per ton ; More-j wood's corrugated galvanized, No. 2, or un4 tinned, £34 do. ; Tapper's do., £34 do. ; HamU-t ton's or other Engllsn maker's, £33 do. ; Scotch j £30 do. ; Morowood's galvanized tinned plain, 26 end 28 gauges, £38 do, ; Tupper's, or other Eng] lieh maker's, £35 do. ; Sootch do., £35 do. ; rod and bar, best Staffordshire brands, BBH, £10 do. ; do., Scotch, £9 10s. do. ; plate, £12 do. ¡J sheet, assorted, £14 do. ; angle and T, £13 do. i toop, £12 do. ; pig, £4 to £410s. do. ; Swedish, no1 talo. Lead-Pipe, assorted BÍZCS, £27 to £28 do.d sheet, milled, assorted, £26 do. ; shot, assorted] £33 do. Quicksilver, 2s. 3d. per lb, Steel-? EliBter, £2 5s. per owt. ; cost, £2 10s. do. Tin; -Block, Is. (3d. to Is, 9d. per lb. ; plates, char-^ coal, IO, plates, charcoal, IX, 20 per cent, ad-: vaneo. Wire- Fencing, black, £15 por toni galvanized, Nos. 1 to 5, £20 do. Zinc-Rolled,1 light, £34 do. ; do. nails, £2. 8s. to £2 10s.' per ont. , Mess pork and beef are still acareo and wanted.' Quotation! are-Pork, £5 to £5 5s, per barrel;' leef, £4 to £4 5s, per tierce, | Oilmen's stores havo been in loss solive in- quiry, and quotations, although unchangod, in the ahsonce of any considerable transactions, are, barely BO finn. Rates are as follow ¡-Blue,1 thumb, lid. per lb. : earrie powder, quarts. 13s, to 14s. per dozen ; fruits, bottled, quartsj 10s. Gd, do.; jama and jellies, lib. tine, lOst, 6d, do.; lobsters, lib. tins, American, 8s. do.; macaroni, 8d. per lb. ; vormicelli, white, Naples and Gonoa, 7a. do. ; muatard, m bulk, No. 2, 8Jd. do.; do., in lib. bottles, 11s, 6d. to! 12s. per dozen ; do,, in ¿lb. bottles, 7s. do. ;l oatmeal, £25 per ton ; oysters, preserved, lib. tins, 18s. per dozen ; do., 21b. tins, 24s. do, ; pickles, quarts, 10s. to Us. do. ; do., pints, 8s. Gd. to 9s. 3d. do, ; salad oil, pints, 13s. Gd. to 14s. per dozen; do., half-pints, 7s. Gd. to 8s, do.; salmon, preserved, lib. tins, 16s. to 16s, Gd. do. ; sar- dinel, halves, 9a. Gd. do.; quartern. GB. do.; sauces, assorted, half-pints, 8a. do. ; do. Worcester- shire (Lea and Perrin'»), 12s. to 12s. Gd. do. ; starch (Colman's), DJd. per lb. ; vinegar, brown (Champion's 24), Is. lOd. per gallon ; do., concen- trated, quarts, 9s. to 10a. per dozen ; white wine, IF. Gd. nor gallon. Oils, Faints, &&-Tho business doing has been hy no means so brisk as when last reported. Xarge arrivals of kerosene havo como to hand, sod prices are onBior. In paints business remains dull. Quotations aro :-Linseed oil, raw, 4s. 9d., toiled, 4s. 9d. ; Chinese, 'Sa. 7d. ; kerosene, 3s. 3d. ; colza, 5s. 4d. ; turpentine. 10s. Gd. to 11s. per gallon. Whitelead, 36s. to 38s, ; redlead, 28s. per owt. Rice.-Arrivals have come in largely, but being in few hands higher prioes are sought for than boyera aro disposed to pay. Fatna (duty paid) is quoted by holders at £23 per ton. Salt-Considerable quanti tics havo boon thrown on the market by auction. Liverpool fine and coarse together are quoted at £3 5s., and, with heavy supplies on the way, this rate is not likely to be exceeded. Spirits.-Speculative purohases cf both tha bettor and lower classes of brandies aro reported, but altogether tbo market has been quiet. Geneva remains in large stooks, with Boiler«' prices easier. WhiBkoy ÍB rathor firmer. Old tom in bat littlo inquiry. Ram dall of sale. The following are the quotations (in bond) : \- Brandy, Martoll's dark, 11s. 9d. ; palo, 10s. 3d. per gallon j Honnessy's do., 11s. 6d. per gallon ; pale, 10s. 3d. ; Otard's, 10s. Gd. do. ; United Vineyard Proprietors' do., 10s. 3d. ; Champagne Vineyard Proprietors' Company's do., lus. 3d. ; pole, lis. do. ; Vinegrowors', 10s. 3d. do. ; other brands, do., 5s. to 8s. Gd. do. ; pale, Martoll's or Honnessy's, 31s. per dozen case ; do. United Vineyard Proprietors', 29s. do. ; Vinegrowera', 26s. do. ; Champagne Vine- yard Proprietors' Company's, 26s. to 27s. co. ; Clouzeau's, 24s. do. Geneva-JDKZ or key brand, 12s. per four-gallon case; do., do., 7s. per. half-case ; do., other brands, 10s. to lieu Gd. per case. Gin-London old tom, beat brands, 2s. bd, per gallon; do,, do., 13s. Gd. to 14s. per dozen. Rum-Bast India, 20 to 30 o.p., is. 6d. to 2s. 3d. per gallon ; West India, 10 io 12 o.p" 3s. do. ; do., 20 to 30 o.p,, 3s. 6d. do. TVhiskoy-Irmli, Mehan's, 4s. do. ; Scotch, best, 4s. Gd, do. ; do,, best brands, 14s, per dozen coso. Sugar.-Arrivals during the month have been numerous, and as cargo after oargo has been forced on the market, successive reductions in prices havo had to be submitted to. The balance of thç oargo of tho Sea Shell (about 3,000 bags) has been placed at prices quite supporting current rates. Very low rations brought £24 15B. per ton ; low to good brown, £25 15s. to £30 12s. 6 J. per ton ; yellows, £31 15s. to £33 2s. Gd. per ton; good counters, £34 2s. Gd. to £35 17s. Gd. per ton ; fine white crystals have also boon placed at £41, No. 1 Cossiporo while, quoted at from £46 to £47 per Ion, duty paid. Teas.-The market shows no tondenoy to im provedprices, and business has been unusually quiet. To-day a small pared of ordinary congou*, in chests, was placed by auotion at from Is. ad, to Is. 9Jd. per lb. Timber hos undergone but little alteration. Several parcels of American lumber plaood by auction realized full rates, as also doors and sashes; but deals have been hardly so saleable, and aro quoted a trifle easier. Prices aro re- ported as follow :-Baltio red duals, 11 x 3, 7Ad. to 7-ïcl. ; 9 x 3, 5jd. ; Oregon timber, £9 to £12 per 1,000ft. ; Scotch flooring, 6 x 1J, 15s. 3d. por 100ft. Tobacco.-Mr, W. Kent Hall furnishes tim Eubjoinod report of this market :-" Tho tobacco market during the post month has not rotained the firmness exhibitod at my lost report. Largo pareóla of inferior brands havo beon thrown upon tbo market through the auction-rooms; but, with the present largo stooks of various sorts in the« bonds, buyers aro very cautious in purchasing anything but choice lots. Sales of prime descrip- tions do not show much decline ; and au it is be- coming apparent that tho first class article is nob so plentiful, there is no reason for holders io submit to lower figures than at presonC ruling. The advices of last month report a compara ivoly limited amount in transitu from the States, but from England an extraordinary quantity ia coming ; and, ns far as I can glenn from private sources, wi h the excoplion of about 70,0001b. Cavendish, the bulk consists of n superior alase of) | American leaf, suitable- for colonial manufac- turing purposes. Shippors should be careful, and not be too froo in exporting, as the presonb local capacity for working up oan laoon be over- taxed. It seems a wonder that prices have con- tinued to range so high, as this market has beon made thortccptnblo for all the old and dried up lots that have been accumulating in theonstorn ports for years ; and I think shippers will find that they had much botter have retained lheir pro- perty at home, as it is known our stock of com- mon grades previous to the rise was enormous, and that as yet but a small proportion baa gouo into consumption. Thoro has boen a healthy demand for twist; and moat of the outside brands f;oing fast into consumption, promises soon to cavo Barrett's anchor alone on tho market. Tbo importations of Caloutta leaf havo been again offered to publia competition, but without finding buyers. I may remark hore, from the quantity of seed being suwn this season, it is iniprububle that thoro will bo any requirements noxt year for foreign supplies of tobacco suitable for sheep- wash purposes. With light coloured and aro- mática tho market is lnrgoly overstocked ; aud prices ruling lower than in the States, any forcod sales would not roalizo 2B, Gd. Large shipments are in the oourae of shipment Irom Sydney to Ban Franoieco. A lot of 370 oases, dark halves, per Congo from Hong Kong, was offered at auction yostcrday, and about 70 cases, sold at from 2a, 2d. to 2s. Gi. ; 16 oaaoa " Temp- tation " brand brought 2s, lid. The balanoe was withdrawn, as the condition of the entire parcel was auch as in ordinary times would only bo fitted for sheepwash. At a sale in Sydney, yes- terday,'twist sold, with all faults and damaged, ficm 2s, 3d. to 4s. id. ; Cavendish, various brands, le. lOd. to 2s. Old. Last Bales here Barrett'« anchor, not offered ; do. orown, 5«.' Gd, to 6s.; sovereign, Cameron's crown,'and black diamond, 4s. 3d. ; halves, dark, 2s. 6d.' to 3d. 3d. ; teoB, 2«. to 2s. 9d. ; Virginia .'sheepwash, destroyed, Is. Sid." Wines.-The markot generally is dull. Light wincB begin to be inquired after, and prices o£ clarets improving. MELBOURNE MARKETS. FRIDAY, OCT. 21. RETAIL MAIHUSTS.-Butohers' Meat.-Beef .Id. to Gd. per lb. ; mutton, 3d. to 5d. do ; veal' 7d. to 9d. do. ; pork, 8d. to 9d. do. Poultry. Tin keys, 8P. to 12s. each ; gicse, 7s. to 9i. e ich . ducks, 8s. to 9a. per pair ; fowls, &. to 7-?? do ; rabbits, 6s. to Gs. per brace ; butter, fresh' lu. 3d. to lu. Gd. per lb. : eggs, Is, Gd. per doz^n ; bacon, Is. to Is. 2d. ; hann1. Is. 41, to la. 6d. per lb. ; bread, djd, to 7Jd. the 41b. loaf . BUK, Gd. per quart, * WOOL, TALLOW, AND HIDES.-Mestrs. R. Goldtbrough and Co. furnish tho following? II poit :-" Wool.-Since our last report per Northam the publie sales bavo commenced tlo first having been bold at our ware- houses on Wednesday, the 22nd Inst. Wo cata- logued 2,715 balo«, tbe bulk of which were in but ordinary to average condition, nono of lb o rbpica clips being in «toro In -¡me tobciubrrti'ted. di« fid's rji'inil »i'h tulersble ipili . m.d t, j* . ii ir gr, for wools in the grease being aivmatod, nearly all the lots of thiB description were cleared at rates ranging from Gjd. to le. Q}d. per lb. Tho fleece wools, however, did not draw out buyers to the same extent, and the greater por- tion wero withdrawn or bought in on owners' . ccount, prices offered being far below the oxpoo t ations of growers, a few of whom appear to ox I cet last year's rates, oven in tho face of a de- tune in tho English matket of from 2d. to 3d. on inferior to ordinary fleece, and from ljd, to 2d. c n average to good. Under thcBo oircumstanoes, it will not occasion surprise when we report that rot qnlte half the lots wero disposed of, our total IBJEB being only 1,120 bales. The market waa again tested on Thursday, the 23rd inBt., when out of 1,200 balosoffored 425 wero sold, the same spirit which obtained at our salo on tho previous day being oven more ovidont, buyers showing a fixed determination not to excoed thoir limits. We look forward to a largo business being transacted, if cwnotB can be induced to accept fair prices, as buyers havo large orders on hand, and ovinco a desire to purchase an almost unlimited quantity, provided they can do so at prices which will Bavo them from a repetition of the losses they havo instalned during the past threo or four seasons. At the sales, greasy wools have realized G¿d. to Is. 13d. ; fleece. Is. 3d. to 1B. 7d. ; and scoured, le. 4d. to Is. lO.Jd. per lb. Judging from tho stock now in our warehouses (5,000 bales), wo consider the condition of this season's clip to bo scarcely equal to that of last year, this having to 1 a great extent been caused by the excessive 1 severity of tho winter. It muBt be borne in mind, . however, that the really choice clips havo yet to I arrive, being later this year than usual, in con 1 se quenco of many of tho growers using greater Írecautions in shearing and getting up; also rom the dolay caused by their being carefully I classed on the stations, wo having, during tho past 1 few weeks, despatched numbers of competent mon ! np country for that purpose. The only shipmont I of the month has beon per Monarch, whioh sailed I for London Sontombei- 30. with 725 bales on board. Prices Current.-Greasy-Inferior to ordinary, 7d, to 8Jd. ; ordinary to average, 8¿d. to lOd. ; sood to superior, lOjd. to la. Orjd. Fleece-In- terior to ordinary, la. 3d. to Is. 4ijd. ; ordinary to average, Is. 5d. to Is. 7d. ; good to su- perior (nominal, nono offering), Is. Od, to 2s. Scoured-Ordinary, 1B, 3d. to Is. Gd, ; good, Is, 7d. to Is. 9d. ; superior, Is. lOd. to 2s. Bides.-Tho bulk of the aides now coming in are shipped to the English market on owners' ac- count, as wo find it impossible to effect sales hore at anything like remunerative rates. On the 30th of Ootober, tho Wavo of Lifo sails for Lon- don, from Geelong, with 16,000 ; and wo have thipped on board tho Omar Pasha about 12,000 j the total number, thereforo, shipped for sale ia the home market this month will be nearly 30,000 hides. Tallow.-We have to report that, for several weeks past, there has beon a brisk demand for colonial use, and, Bupply boiog limited, prices have improved. We now quoto- Beef, £36 to £38 ; mixed, £37 to £39 ; and mutton, £42 to £14 per ton. The only Bbipmont has beon por Monarch, which sailed September 30, with 217 casks.'' jMesarB. J. H. Clough and Co. report :-" Wool. -Sinoo our last report, por Northam, shearing operations have beon prosecuted with vigour, and owing to the inoreosed facilities of con- veyance afforded by tho opening up of railway communication with the interior, a much larger quantity of wool than ia usual at so early st period of the season has come into store. An almost unprecedentodly largo quantity has, in fact, come forward at the opening sales, con aieting, in all, of about 4,500 bales at the two BOICB held during the prosent week, A large proportion of the wool has been in grease, for whioh a brisk competition waa displayed, ana prices for this description have ruled quite au well for the grower as could be expeotod. From the excessive drought of the last summer, and the unusual severity of tho winter, we beliovo, so far as we have at present been able to judge, that it will be found that the wool will be less Hound in the staple than that of last year : sv great many otherwiso superior wools showing a break. Tho fleece wools np to this time arrived bave not, generally Bpoaking, been of a very superior character, with one or two exceptions, the prices for whioh not coming np to tho expectations of vendors, they have been withdrawn or bought in. Good fleece wools havo sold at from 18d. to 19d. ; and inforlor fromlfjd. tol7d. Greasy wools, in superior light condition, have realized from lid, to 13¿d, ; and ordinary conditioned from 8d. to lOd. Several lots of scoured wools were placed at from Hid. to 22Ad. The number of buyors present at both Eales, and the spirit with whioh they wont off, may be taken as an indication that for wool of superior growth and oondition, when offered, puces will be highly satisfactory. Tho salo at our warehouses yesterday waa very nnmcrously at- tended, and of tho wools catalogued several lots vero withdrawn for instructions. Tho bidding vas spirited, and greasy wool found buyers at prices which onnnot fall to satisfy growors, lealizing from 9¿d. to 13¿ 1. per lb. This justifies the conviction that, although the opening prioes are below those of the corresponding period of lust season, yet, considering tho rates realized at the London sales, thoy must be highly gratifying to producers who avail themsolvos of this market. For carefully got up woola there was a koen cempetition, whilst for ill- conditioned lots thero ovas a manifest apathy on the part of buyers. The Customs clearances have been, from Septom her 20 to Ootobor 11, 406,5801b., valuo £32,825 ; add previous ohipmenta from October 10,1861. to Soptember 20, 1862, 15,868,1101b., valuo £1,163,687. Total, 16,274,6901b., value£l,190,512i as agauuit the shipments of the proviouB season cf 1860-61, 17,341,7611b,, valuo £1,350,689; showing a decrease in the shipments from »his port of l,067.071lb., valuo £164,177. Not having been able to obtain tho customs retarnB from Geelong and other ports of the colony, tho foregoing statement can soarcoly bo laid to afford a critonon na to the relativo quan- tities of wool shipped from Victoria during tho abovo periods. Tho only cloaranco of wool sinco our last was on the 30th September, per Monaroh, consisting of 785 bales on board. Tallow.-There still continues to bo n brisk demand for tallow, and prices may now bo quoted at from £38 to £41 Ïer ton for mixod and beef ; and from £42 to £45 or mutton. Tho Iattor description, howovor, is «-sly Inquired for for local use. The shipments of the month have been-September 30th, Monarch, 217 casks. Hides.-Wo havo no transactions to report for shipment. AB usual, for somo months past, the bulk has beoa shipped on account oC carers. Town-cured hides, in shipping order, «re worth 13s. Gd. The shipments of the monta have been : - Soptember 30. - Monaroh, 27 casks, or 300 hides; Wave of Life wa Gee- long, 15,408 hides; total, 15.708 hides. Shoop skins wo quote at from G_d. to 9d. per lb." LABOUR MAEKBT.-Inquiry has been vory moderate this week for all olasses of labour, and fewer than customary engagements havo boen entered into. Married couples havo boon in very limited demand, and for farming, station, anil stock mon thero has been scarcely any inquiry. Malo domestics havo mueh difficulty in obtaining situations ; and with tho exception of thoroughly qualified servants, with respectable references, ft malo domestics are in but littlo demand. Rates of wages, however, romain as last quoted, and appear unlikely for the present to undergo any material alteration. 8BAMBN'S WAQBS continuo at unaltered rates. The supply of able seamen is about equal to the inquiry, and no change in rates ia likely to enano. -, SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. POBT OF MELBOURNE. AftMV-A AND CnraAKAHCBS SIR0B OUR LAST SUMMART» (B, British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., Fronch ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese ; H., namburg j N., Norwegian ; 8-, Swedish; Sp., Sponlah; Bd., Sardinian ; Bolg., Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., PruBBlan ; s, ship ; b., barquo; br.,brlg; so., schooner; at,, steamar.J Sept. ABKIVJID. 27\. Hannah NioholBon, B. b., 252, J. Wiir, Mauritius.-Joshua Brothers. 28\. True Briton, B. s. 1,200, G. H. BUTTS, London.-W. P. White and Co, 28\. St. Clair, F. b., 306, A. Merie, Mauritius. Captain. 28\. Ismyr, B. br., 226, J. M. Summers, Mau- ritius.-S. G. llonty. 28\. City of Bath, A. s., 750 tons, W. F. Cooper, New York.-R. Towns and Co. 28\. Raoul ot Madoloino, F.Jb,,t269, R, Lance]«*, Bourbon.-O. Tondeur and Co. 29\. Belim, B. b" 475, J.' A. Simpson, With. Miller and Johnston. SO. Excellent, B. s., l,212,nT. Dauos, Livorr>oc -Smith, Strachan, and Co. Oot. 2\. Mario et Neue. F. b., 426,|M. Angobeau, Cal- cutta.-M'Cullocb, Sellar, and Co. G. D, F. Webor, Ben., H. s., 648, M. G. Losus-, Hamburg.-Haoge and Prell. 6\. Commisearis des Konings Van der Heim1, D. b., 655, J. Van Zanten, Rottorilam. Olovo Brothers and Co. 6\. Dawn of Hopo, B. s" 1,218, - M'Kie, Liverpool.-Goo. Martin and Co. 7\. Carin, S."s., 950, F. P. F. Matern, Ootten burg.-E. F. Sichel and Co. 7\. Congo, Da. b., 335, C. Christiansen, HODR Kong.-Kong Meng and Co. 7\. Donald M'Kay, B"B., 2,604, J. Price, LÍVCT pool.-Bright Brothera and Co. 8\. Elvira Owen, A.B., 873, A. D. Alexander. Boaton.-Wilkinson Brothers and Co. 8, Viotbr Emmanuel, B.s., 956, A. M'DonnJd\, Calcutta.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. !). Madras, B.s.a,, 606, J. R. Stead, Point da Galle.-J. Sporkos, 12\. Mary Ann Wilson, B.s., 944, J. H. Etauföi. Manilla.-Michaelia, Boyd, and Co. 34\. Lightning, B.s., 1,709, D. H. Johnetco, Otago.- Blight Brothers and Co, 14, Result, B.s., Dickenson, Otago.-W. 3Î. White and Co. 14, Princo (of Walo». B.s., 1,244, K. K. Dfwoot». london.-W. P. White and Co. 35\. Laurence, B. b , 369, R. Salmon, Calcutta». B. and P. Turnbull. . 15\. Otyy of Melbourno, B, B" 1,828, R. Jones, Otago.-Bright Bro'hers and Co. 17\. Resolute, B. s., 1,072, J. Wallaco, London. Michaolis, Boyd, and Co. 17\. Nelson, B. s., 1,248, T. Micklejohn, Olago. Holmes, White, and Co. ' 17\. Norfolk, B, s., B. Tonkin, London.-W. P. White and Co. 18\. Mary Foy, B. s., 986, C. Foy, London.-Goo. Martin and Co. SO. Maltapan, A. t., 800,|E. Robeinson, Boston. Newell and Co. 21, Woitburn, B. s" 698, A. Bruce, London. Dalgety and Co. 21\. Isle of Franco, E. b" 312, J. B. Garrett, Batavia.-Captain, Sept. CLEARED OUT. SO. Monarch, B. s., 1,282, J. W. Gill,London. W. P. White and Co. 30\. Wave of Life, B. a., 887, J. Lawson, London, tfd Goolong.-Dalgety and Co. 80\. Qroyhound, B. s., 1,410, J. Jackson, Otago. -Bright Brothers and Co. Oct. 2\. Manila, H. b., 493, L. Behrens, Newcastle, N.8.W.-R. and P. Turnbull. 3\. Fidelio, H. b., 202, J. Hanscheid, Shanghai. -Dalgety and Co. 4\. Sirius, F. b., 279, J. Marco, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. 6\. Herbert, A. s., 088, G. Crocker, Baker's Island.-Captain. 7\. Southern Cross, B. !" 675, W. Dow, Otago. -M'Cowan and Oo. ts. aannan ruonoison, ii. a., -¿oz, it, uoogson, Mauritius.-Joshua Brothers. 9, Giant's Causeway, B. s., 1,231, W. Robert- son, London, via Goolong.-Bright Brothers and Co. IL E. A. Bright, B. s" 1,920, J. Starkey, Lon- don, via Geelong. Bright Brothors and Co. 11\. Madras, B. s.S., 606, J. R. Stead, Sydney. J, Sparkes. 11\. Bamuel Appleton, A. s" 731, J. Osgood, Otago.-Simpson and Co. 11\. Tion Tsin, B. b., 253, J. T. Jarman, Swan River, W.A.-M'Cdlooh and Co. 11, Vicar of Bray, B. b., 365, E. Balot, Swansea. -R. B. Matbows and Son. 16\. Biuco, B. s., 1,110, R. Mackie, Otago. Dodd and Thomson, 15, Olivior de Glisson, F. b., 471, 0. Lofranc, Mauritius.-Fannini, Nankivell, and Co. 17\. City of Bath, A. s.,761, W. F. Coopor, Callao. -R. Towns and Co. 17\. Isrnyr, B. b" 226, J. M. Summers, Swan River, W.A.-Captain. 17\. Vredo, D. b., 417, J. h. tor Bruggon, Ba- tavia.-Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 18, Concorde, F. b,. 489, A. Cangardot, Sydney. \- Curcier and Adet. l8, Great Australia, B, s., 1,661, J. Bakor, Callao.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. £0. Raoul et Madeleine, F. b., 283, R. Lancelot, Caloutta.-Tondourand Co. 21\. D. F. Weber, son., H. B., 048, M. 0. Loeso, Batavia.-Haogo and Prell. 21\. Marla et Nolle. F. b,, 436, M. Angoboau, Pon dicherry.-M'Culloob and Co. 22\. Blnnohe Mooro, B. «., 1,838, J. Smith, Point do Galle.-Bright Brothors and Co, 22, Nomade, F. b., 368, A. Mnrchandoau, Cal- cutta.-Curcier and Adet. 22, Schah Jehan, B. B., 696, A. Parsons, Hong Kong.-Rolfe and Bailey. 