SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Much surprise has been expressed since it became known that the last mail brought despatches to the Governor from the Colonial Office informing him that his tenure of office is not to cease, as it was generally supposed would be the case, with the expiration of the term for which His Excellency was at first appointed. This surprise was certainly not lessened by the announcement made at the same time that the Imperial Government has refused its assent to the bill passed by the colo- nial Legislature during the last session, reducing the Governor's salary from £15,000 to £7,000 a-year. This intel- ligence, although transmitted by the mail, was only made public in the columns of The Argus on Tuesday last, and has since been the topic of the day. So little was it expected, that even the name of Sir HENRY BARKLY'S successor had been stated with the utmost con- fidence by a portion of the Melbourne press. The course pursued by the home Government is certain to occupy the earliest attention of Parliament, which assembles on the 7th of November. The past month will be memorable as that in which the new Land Act came into operation. Since the 10th instant, 2,122,738 acres, out of more than ten mil- lions reserved as agricultural land, have been proclaimed open for selection under the provisions of the Act; and 456,062 acres have been selected. As might have been expected, since the land has to be disposed of by lot, and there were often many applicants for the same piece among these "eyes" of our richest agricultural lands, complaints of disap- pointed applicants have been plentiful; and a thoughtless but very general cry has been raised, that the whole of the best agricultural land was being bought up by squatting or speculative evaders of the law. That the act has been evaded in many cases there can be little doubt. It could scarcely be otherwise. A large extent of the very best land in the colony is thrown upon the market, to be sold— not for what it is worth, or for what it will fetch, but at a fixed price very far below its value. In some districts, cer- tainly, land has thus passed from the state into the hands of individuals at prices varying from one-twentieth to one- fortieth of what it would have fetched if sold at public auction. Then the extent already offered for selection is much greater than is needed to supply the wants of such of our present population as re- quire only the maximum of 640 acres, to which the act limits each purchaser during any one year. So that it was scarcely reasonable to expect, and, in fact, no one did expect, there would be no evasion of the law, or that there would be no attempts to buy ex- cept by those who wanted their farm of 640 acres, and nothing more. Of course, persons having money to invest, or squatters having to save their runs from spoliation have, in many cases, found means to possess themselves of more than 640 acres. But, though the actual number is undoubtedly much larger, only four such cases have been brought under the notice of the Land Department by parties thinking themselves aggrieved. And yet, as specific a remedy as it is possible to devise, in any case of the breach of the law, is provided by the Land Bill in this case. In a minute issued by the Board of Land and Works, the remedy contained in the Act is thus described :— "In respect to the alleged undue selection, complainants were reminded that the 28th sec- tion of the Land Act furnishes a remedy. During one month they can apply for the land as if it were still unselected, accompanying their applications by a notice to the land-officer of the undue selection complained of (of which notice they may procure a form at any land-office). The complaint will then be sent for trial before a sheriff and jury of four, and if a majority of the jury are of opinion that the land was selected in violation or evasion of the law, the original selec- tors will forfeit their purchase- money, and become liable to prosecution for having made false de- clarations, and the complainant will be put in possession of the land." No more effective protection to the " bona fide settler," as the phrase is, than this, seems possible. There will probably be law-breakers as long as there are lawmakers. All the last can do is to provide the public with a remedy against the first. The application of the remedy must rest with the public. The actual extent of land hitherto alienated from the Crown under the new act is by no means so large as was at first supposed. Of the ten and a-half mil- lion acres reserved under the bill, only 2,122,738 acres have been proclaimed, and of these only 456,062 had been sold up to the 19th inst. ; so that 1,666,676 of the proclaimed land then re- mained unsold; and of the whole extent reserved there still remain 9,081,000 acres. In some of the richest dis- tricts proclaimed, the larger portion re- mains unalienated. Thus, in Hamilton, of the 221,000 acres proclaimed, only 73,000 were sold, leaving 148,000; in Inglewood, 178,928 were proclaimed, and 12,808 sold, leaving 166,120; at Belfast, of 179,561 proclaimed, only 41,000 were sold, leaving 138,561 ; at Warrnambool, 135,381 were proclaimed, and 83,382 sold, leaving 51,999. At Ballarat, 33,000 acres remain unsold ; at Ararat, 139,000 ; at Melbourne, 36,000 ; and at Kilmore, 44,000. The other news of the month is dealt with below. Tho English July mails wero delivered in the Australian colonies this month with moro than punctuality. They wero due in Melbourne on the 9th inst., and tho publio were surprised and gra- tified by the announc mont, nt on early hour on tho morn'iDg o. the 8th, that tho Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Bombay was off Port Philip Heads. She passed through the en tranco early in the day, in the teeth of a violent galo from the north-west, which made the land ing of the mails.for tho Western Distticta matter of great difficulty. The important and highly in terest'mg nowa thus brought was published by The Argus in successive oditions in tho couree of the afternoon. During the poet month, some matters of impor tanco havo occurred, ot which the first to claim notice is the throwing open of agricultural lands for settlement under, tho provisions of the Land Act, passed during lait session of Parlia- ment. The first day of selection was the 10:h inet., «hen 2.122,738 acres, thrown open in tho different districts into which the colony is divided, with tho excep- tion of Portland. Some'of.the land,thus offered was of tho choicest quality, and many applica- tions wero tendered for the same allotments, pos session boing determined in such cases by lot. In the first three or four dajs, tho quantity taken up was 450,062 acres, and when the returns from Sale (in Gipps Land) aro received, it will probably be found that, in the first rush for land, some 600,000 acres have been taken, leaving upwards of a million and a half acres of tho finest land, in the first proclamation, open for selection at £1 sterling por acre. For the Bil months of the present year preceding the passing of the Land Dill, only 221,557 acres were alienated from the Crown. As the quantity of agricultuial land reserved for settlement by the bill amounted to 10,438,000 acres, it follows that immigrants seeking our shores to.make invest- ments in farming land, hate still nearly ton millions of acres to select from. The rush on the first day of selection somewhat alarmed some of the country journals, in which fears began to bo expressed that the land would pass away .too rapidly from the Crown, but the statistics supplied by the department has removed that fear. It will be recollected that a fourth of the sum realized by sales of land is available for immigration pur- poses. By tho arrival in Queensland (and subsequently in Melbourne) of tho exploring party, beaded by M'Kinlay, some new light has been thrown upon the knowiedgo we previously possessed of the interior of Australia M'Kinlsy 13 an old settler on the Darling, and an experienced bushman, having been familiar with travelling in the stony and waterless districts in the north of South Australia IIo was despatched twelve months ago, at the head of a small party, overland from Adelaide, to assist m the search for Burke and Wills His instructions were to turn westwards when his first duty was fulfilled, and to endeavour to penetrate the country betweon Cooper's Creek and Central Mount Stuart Camels were supplied by the Victorian Government to assist him m lus mission, and as nothing had been heard of the party for very many monttiB, and as a party sent after him with supplies had failed to reach him, it was generally supposed that ho bad made his way towards Western Australia, and would next bo heard of by way of Swan River It now appear», however, that, in tho latitude of "Sturt's far hea ' -sa the extreme northern pointrcaohed by that explorer is named on the maps-M'Kin- lay ftll in with floods so extensive thV ho~was driven to the eastward, to the higher ground, between the track followed by Burke and that taken by Landsborough The whole plains beforo him wera covered with water so deep that only the tops of tho sandhills and the trees were visible above it M'Kinlay skirted this flood on its eastern edge, hating had difficulty in escaping from it m tho brae instance, and rs be passed on to the north, In tho hope of rounding its northern limit, he crossed and rccrossed Burke s tracks The flood, however, extended so far tt>at M'Kinlay wa unable, apparently, to round it, and at last found it necessary to make his way to the Oulf of Carpentaria, ia tho hope of >c plenishing his stores from tho steamship Vic tona Ho reached the gulf by the Leichhardt River, but, of course, found that the Victoria was not there, and also failed to discover the etoro of provisions planted on the Albert River for the relief of such a party as his Recruiting the strength of his followers and hu stock by a few dajb' reBt on the gulf, be pushed into the settled districts of Queensland, ulti- mately reaching Rockhampton, where ho took shipping with a portion of his party for Sjdney lie reached Melbourno this morning, and will bo received in the courte of the afternoon hy the exploration Committee of the Ko} al Society. Despatches havo also been received from Howitts Earty, now ou its way from Cooper's Creek, vid outh Auitralia, with tho remains of Victoria's first heroes-Burke and Wills. Mr Howi t reports having spent a month ia nn exploring excursion northwards from his depot on Coopers Creek. Ho came upon the southern edge 01 the flood described by M'KinlvF, an J found that it precluded all ad vanea to tho northwards It would appoar, therefore, that m the centre of Australia there is a vast hollow, into which rain fed rivers pour from all Bides, at a certain season, or at long intervals, and that hore a vast sea of ram water necurau lates, only to find its way to the sea by pcrcola tion through underground channels, or to bo dried up by evaporation, leaving mud plains nnd salt lagoons. Wills reoorded lu his diary state ments of Cooper's Creek natives, to the efleot that the si 0 of Burku's depot there was at times en Uroly flooded to a great depth, making perm» nent habitation of that portion of the country impossible. M'Kinlay and Howitt have furnished evidence of the truth of that statement, and supplied a reason why tho interior is found com- paratively deserted at other seasons by the abort ginals, who only visit it occasionally from their haunts in tho higher grounds to the east of the Flinders River. M'Kinlay confirms the shto ments of all the late explorera of the n^ion through which he passed, aB to the desirability of the land for pastoial purposes, though his peoulrvr experience has shown him that the available country along Burke'« track is lessened in extent by the periodical or occasional ooourrence of such great floods as ho witnessed, Landsborough.^ journal, describing a tract of country between the line followed on the woBt by Burke and jvj/Kinlay and on tho east by Walker, confirma all that his first published lettors and statements had led tho public to believe rospeot ing the value of the land ho traversed. So much has his enterprise as an explorer been apore ciated, that a testimonial is about to be presented to him by publie subscription. A handsome amount ht\B already boon sont m to the treasurer. Attention continues to be given to the new coun- try opened up by the explorations of Burke and Wills, Walker, Landsborough, and M'Kinlay, and flocks and herds uro advancing from the sottled districts of the four colonies primarily interested, to occupy tho territory. Sir George Bowen, tho Qovernor of Queensland, has also taken stops for the formation of a new settlement at Capo York, on Torres Straits, having proceeded thero m H. M.S. Pioneer to seleot a site for a township It was his intention to examine the northern coast of Queensland on his way to the straits, with a view to the disoovery of rivers, and to follow up the examination of the strait, or arm of the sea, known as the Endeavour River of Cook. Parliamont has been summoned by proclama- tion to meet on the 7th of November next. Pro- bably, one of the subjects that will oarlieet come up for discussion ia both Houses will be the dis allowing by the Homo Government of tho bill for the reduction of tho salary and allowances of the Governor. The measuro received the unani- mous assent of both Houses, and it had its origin in views of eoonomy foi ead upon Miniatera and the Legislature by the changing circumstances of the colony, increasing expenditure rising up on the ono hand, and the revenue diminishing on tho othor. Mr. Fellows, who rolired by rotation from the representation of the Oontral Province, in the Legislative Counoil, has .boen re-elected, without opposition. Mr. Sutherland vaaatos, for a similar reason, hie seat foi* the Southern Province, and his return is opposed by Mr. W. J. T. Clarke, who formerly represented the samo constituency in the Counoil, and by Mr. Kmbling. Mr. J. Houty also retire», but his return (for the South- western Province) is not likely to be opposed. Mr. Hart, a member of the Jewish community, has been placed upon the Board of Education, in room ot Mr. Smith, who was originally proposed as a member, to represent various bodies of PrcHbyterians and Dissenters. It ia intended to address the Government, with a view to the sub- stitution of Mr. Smith for Mr. Hart. During the recess, Mr. Heales, the ex-Chief Secretary, has been lecturing throughout the country on "Victoria, Past and Present." It is intended to open the Murray River line of railway as far as Sandhurst in the course of October. The 15th day of the month is named, and it is probable that a single line may be finished throughout by that day. The works were greatly interrupted by the severity of the weather during a long winter, and they are now retarded by the unfinished state of the station works, which prevents a line being carried through continuously, so as to facilitate the carriage of the heavy materials required for the permanent way. Already branch lines are talked of, and considerable progress has been made with schemes for the construction of a line of tramway between Ballarat and Smythesdale and Sandhurst and Inglewood. The Sandhurst journals are also pointing out the advantages that would be derived from connecting the rising district of Mclvor with Sandhurst. The subscription for the relief of the distress in Lancashire now exceeds £10.000, and a sum of £106 12s. 6d. will be forwarded by this mail for Mrs. Hughes, the widow of the Welsh clergyman whose name is so gratefully remem- bered in Australia in connexion with the wreck of the Royal Charter. Of this sum £93 2s, were the proceeds of an amateur concert, given last month in Prahran. The total amount of the subcriptions remitted for Mrs. Hughes's benefit is £842 14s. The fund for the relief of the dis- tress in Ireland now amounts to nearly £2,800, and a further sum will no doubt be remitted by next mail The o subscriptions hate some* hat interfered with tho stiLeoss of that for the Na- tional Memorial tollte la o Prince Consort, w h el- is now in courseof cilleclion A stray paragraph in on English journal, to tbo edict that Prince Alfred is about to visit the Australian colonies, lias exotted considerable interest and pleasure A rush took placo early in the month to new diggings at the hud of tho Clutha, in Otago, some exciting repor s having been received from that quarter It baa already subsided, the latett intelligence having shown that the nets field by no means deserves tho character ascribed to it at first I y its prospectors The rush, however, and the withdrawal of deposits that followed by in- tending emigrants, an well as by others »ho pro posed investing in lands under the new Land Act, occasioned the collapse of the Protident Iustti tuto, against which so many warnings had tiren addressed to tho public by and through 1 he Argus Farther details viith reference to this occurrence will be found in ano her column Attention having been drawn recently to the «tato of the gold liólas, by tbo letters of a speci.il reporter from The Argus, a considerable stimulus to mining industry bas been the result New regulations, to facilitate mining enterprise as re- gards other metala than gold, have been framed by the department, and numerous leases havo boen applied for, embracing among the minerals for which it ia proposed to mino, antimony, silver, coal, porcelain c sty, marbia, lignito, ¿ti. The letters are still in course of publication, and will probably be issued ia a collected form for circulation hore and in England, as containing the latest information as to tho stato of tho gold fluids, the actual condition of the minci s, and tbo prospects tho colony holds out to mining capital and industry Sixty seven applications havo also been ruado under the forty seventh clauso of the land bil), for leases of land for vine yards, tobacco farms, mulberry and olue plant» ttons, hop grounds, orchards, and for tin) cul ti vation of oranges, lemons, rapo seed, mustard, ginger, sugar eui cs, chesnuts, ¡to The Royal Coinruissionera, appointed to cxtmtno and report on the Btato of tho mining districts, have com menced their laboura The survivois of the camels somottme ago im ported from India for exploration purposes, have been despatched to the Wimmera, «here they will be domictlod for the futuro H M 8 Miranda has returned to her anchor- age in tho bay after a long absence, A person named Crouch, who lately arrived in this colony as chaplain of the Government omi grant ship Boanerges, has been sentenced to two years' hard labour on tho roads for forgery, He had îmitatod the signatures of twocasual acquaint nuces to bills drawn on Sir Samuel Morton Puto, in England His behaviour on board ship had previously given rise to considerable scandal, and to an assault commit'ed on him by Borne of the female passengers who tarred and feathered him. The New 7oaland August mails for England arrived in Hobson's Bay two or three days »f tor tho departure of the mail steamer, the Gothen- burg having made a longer voyage than usual, very st-ong hoad gales and a heavy se» having been experienced throughout her passage They will be sent on by the present opportunity. One of tho folio« ing steamers of tho name line, tho Aldinga, met with an accident, having struck upon a reef m Foveaux Straits, unmarked m the charts. Captain M'Lean put back to Bluff Harbour, and arrived in time to save 900 valuable sheep from tho wreck of the ship Flying Mist, from Glasgow, whioh went ashore and became a wreck on the night following her arrival. The Aldinga Ins since reached Mel bourne, and ia now undergoing tho necessary repairs The steamship Great Britain, Captain Gray, sailed on the 18th instant for Liverpool, with it Btrong fair wind She has a full cargo, a fair passenger list, 100 721J ounces of gold, and 50,000 Boveieigitp, contained m twelve boxes, on board Uor specie, therefore, ia worth tery nearly half t million of money It ia probable she will run a closo race with the mail. With the wooming mail, thobranoh service via King G corLc's Sound and Adelaide will be re commenced. THE LAND SALES The now land law is now in fu'l operation. On tho 10 h instant the first batches of agricul- tural areas wore, pursuant to proolama ion, thrown open for selection, and on that day tho land offices throughout the country wore be sieged by parsons anxious to become freeholders on the easy terms offered hy the new aot, viz - £1 por acre, with the privilege of acquiring pos session by paying half the money down, and the balance by annual instalments oxtonding over eight years At Hamilton, tho centro of tho fino district which is watered by the Wannon, the applications wero so numerous that the business of the land office had to be carried on in the Court- house, no other building m the town being large enough for the purpose, while at Inglewood, tho land officer was BO beset that ho had to call in special assistance. There were many instances of several applications for tho samo block of land. One ctioico allotment in the Maryborough dis- trict was sought for by no less than Beventy-eight persons, all of whom went to the ballot-the modo prescribed by the 19th clause of tho act for determining priority in such instances Tho quantity of land reserved foi agricultural settlement under the act is 10 438 000 acres, the quantity already thrown open for selection is 2,122.738, and of this, «56,062 acres (ornearly one fourtnj wore solooted ootwoôntholOth and theÍ8th of September Presuming that tho whole of the selectors have taken advautago of tbo deferred, payment clause, aud havo only deposited one moiety of tho purchate money, and the first of the eight yearly mata'menta by which the remain- ing moiety is to be discharged, a sum of £256,500 must havo found its tiaj into the Treasury within eight days Of this monoy, one fourth, or £61,125, will bo available (under Clause d8 of the lund Act) for tho purpose of assisting immigrants to the colony, purchasers of land having prece- dence m the matter of nomination, while one half-if tho original intentions of tho Government aro embodied in the anxiously looked for Distnot Councils Bill-will bo open for expenditure on roads, bridges, and othor publio works m the localities from which tho fund is derived. By a return juet issued from the department of Landa and Survey, we porocive that of tho 456.002 acreB already selected, 93,000 are in the Ballarat district, the total extent of land pro claimed in that locality being 12G 815 acres. At Ararat tho quautity solcotecTis 56 000 acres, out of 195,293 acres, at Belfast, 41,000, out of 179,561 aores, a' Camperdown, 60,000, out of 197,521 noies, at Castlemaine, 1838, out of 11,321 aores, at Geelong, 15 615, out of 25 717 nore», at Hamilton, 73,000, out of 221,023 aores, at Maryborough G OOO, out of 12,201 aores, and at Warrnambool, 83,382, out of 135,381 acres It thus appears that the selectora in most of tho »roan in tho dis'ncts named will be able to claim tho privileges provided for by tho 05th and C6th clauses of the act, whioh declaro that when one eighth of an agricultural aroa is selected, tho Govornorin Council is empowered to grant double the quantity of land as commons for the selec- tors resident in tho area, ; and that when ono fourth is taken up, the remainder of the area will bo appropriated as grazing-ground for the cattle and sheep of tho freeholders. These com- mons will bo placed undor local management, and tho fees will havo to be expended in local imnrovoments. There has been a talk of evasions of the pro- visions of the Land Act by persons selecting, through agents, land in excess of tho quantity authorized by law-nanely, 6-10 acres in any one yoar. But, although the Government havo offered a reward of £100 for suoh information or evidence as will lead to the convioiion of any- one BO offending, only one caso (arising in tho Camperdown district) has been made tho subjeot of formnl complaint, and that is now being in- vestigated. It may bo observed that every selector Of land ban to malto doclaration that ho is of ago, and that bo selects for his own use or benefit, and not as agent for another. The aot treats a false de- claration as n misdemeanour, and any party so offending is liable to fino or imprisonment, as well as tho forfeiture of hispurohaso-money ; and land taken up under such circumstances can be treated as still "open for seleotion." Moreover, as no Crown grant can issue in leBs than a month fron tho date of application, there is plenty of timo to lodge complaints against any persons who may endeavour to interfere with " tho inoreased faci- lities for settlement" which tho Land Aot of 1S62 was designed to seouro. TUB LATE PRINOE'CONSOKT. The communication received by the Governor of Victoria from the Duke of St. Albans, chair- man of the executive committeo in London for raising a national memorial of the lato Prince Consort, inviting the co operation of this as woll as of the other British ooloniei, was duly pub- lished in tho Gazette, and, in compliance there- with, the mayor of Melbourne oonvenod a publio meeting of the inhabitants of tho city, whioh was held at tho Town-hall on tho 2nd ¡net. Sir Henry Barkly, the Governor, presidod. There was not a numerous atlendanco, but the proceedings were characterized by a unanimous feeling of high admiration of the deceased Prince, and » strong desiro that the colony of Victoria should join in the proposed national tribute to his memory. His Excellency referred to the advantages which tho British colonies had derived from tho Exhibitions of 1851 and 1862, which had afforded thurn an opportunity of dm playing their great wealth and the profusiou of their resources before an admiring world at j home This had been of great advantage to tho colonies, and had perhaps done more than tny thing else to silence the foolish and crudo I theories which had been put forward by some individuals in England as to tho colonies being merely expensive toys, and of no real value io the mothor country If it wcro merely for tho part whioh the Prince Consort took in pro- moting those exhibition?, the colonies ought to do something towards making the proposed memorial a truly national memorial. Amongst this oommunity, he had not heard any expression of disientas to the desirableness of perpetuating the Prince's memory, tho ODiy question being whether the movement hero ought to Uko the sh-tpe of a contribution towards the fund to be raised at home, or wheilior subscriptions should be riised to erect a monument ia this country lie thought the best course was for the colonies to subscribe to the cost of the national tnemort-u, on the sole condition that the name of every ono of the colonies BO contributing should bo inscribed on the pediment of tho monument Resolutions prononnomg a warm eulogium upon tbo deceased Prince, affirming that the erati tude of the entire British nation was due to his memory, and cordially responding to the invitation to join in erecting the contemplated national memorial, were adopted. A com mitt«o was appointed to collect subscnp ions, and to request the co operation of the local autho- rities in each municipal and country district m furtherance of the object In accordance, with these resolutions, a subscription list baa beon commenced, and meetings havo been held in some of the suburbs of Melbourne in furtherance of the movement Circulars havo also been issued to the local authorities throughout tho colony, and, with ono or two exceptions, replies have been received promising a heartv co opora tiou with the Central Committee. No subscrip- tions have yet boen advertised, or called in by tho committee, but it ia intended to roll cot them , all in the course of the ensuing month, and remit I tho amount to England by the October mail We havo no opportunity of arriving at any npproxi mate calculation as to what tbo aggregate sum colleo'ed will be, but wo believe that many of ttio colonists havo found themselves compelled, m consequence of tho demands lately made upon them for subscriptions towards the relief of the Lancashire operatives and tho distress m Ireland, as well as in aid of local chancles, to refrain from contributing towards tho Prince Consort Memorial Fund, though fully acknowledging the moni* oC the late Prince and doBirmg to see evory honour done to his memory. EXPLORATION. Tho pleasing intelligence that M'Kinlay had tuincdup at Port Denison was tolegrsphed to Mclbourno, from Sydney, six days ago The South Australian explorer, it appears, has sue cessfully crossed tho continent from south to north, and has, moreover, mado his way from Carpentaria to the eastern coast. The informa- tion at our command m reference to tho exploit i> of the most meagre character, but, as M'Kiu lay is expected m Melbourne to day, we shall shortly b3 in possession of details. Tbo telegrams received in Melbourne go to show that M'Kinlay was unablo to carry out the instructions of tho South Australian Government to explore the country westward of the lino foi lowed by Burke and Wills, owing to the flooding of the oreeks Ile proceeded northward, m the hopo of being ablo to round or cross tho oreeks, but his hopo was not realized until he had pro- ceeded so far north that, m consequence of pro visions running abort he was compelled to strike for the Gulf of Carpentaria Ou reaching tho Albert River, he found that tbe war steamer Victoria, from which ho expected to obtain stores, had departed, and thereforo ho deter- mined-instead of returning over the continent in a south westerly direction, to mako for the nearest settlements A cacho of provi sioni prepared by Captain Norman altogether escaped notice. Hating halted for a few days to recruit and prepare some camel beef, Mr. M'Kinlay started for Port Denison and arnved there safely in July, after crossing country of a more rugged character than any which he found on his journey- from the south to the north of the continent. In that part of hu expedition he had to cross the Stony Desert, to tho south of which, nccording to his report, there is some splendid country M'Kinlay and his men had ono severe cnoounter with the natives, but the blacks were driven off without any loss 01 injury to the oxplorcrs The whole of the party aro said to bo in excellent health. Despatches wcro reccivod last week from Mr. Howitt, communicating the faot that ho had duly received the instructions for his reoall from Central Australia, and Intimating that ho should probably reach the out settlements of South Aus traha, on his return homo, about the end of October, m which case his presence may be expected m Molboumo bef oro tho close of November During his stay in tho Cooper's Creek country Mr. Howitt has mado a second journey to the north- ward, crossing tho Stony Desert by the track taken by tho nativcB of Lako Hcpe, Cooper's Creek, and Kyejerou, when seeking the "pltohery" which is used by them os a narcotic In his diary (July 9), Mr Howitt thus i peak s of the Stony Desort -" After crossing red «and ridges covered with porcupine grass, and where, overy bush was dead, excepting a few acacias, wo carne to the edgo of the desert, the sandhills running out and into it in various lengths. It is very much as I had expected to lind it~-, namely, extensivo stony plains Wfl irossed about Ave milos of atones, the travelling not bad, and camped on a sand ridge, tho stony plains extending northward to tho horizon. Scarcoly any feed for tho horses-only the remains of grass, winch looked as if it owed its origin to tho Deluge, and a few plants of por tulae, whioh soma lightshower had freshenod up." The entry for tho next day (July 10) is to this effcot .-"Started early, havng watohod tho horses all night In less tlinn throo miles on a N. W. course carno across numerous pools of rain water, among tho stones-quita a god send for our horses The plainB covered with atónos-in places densely packed together, like a pavement, in other, larger m size, add loosely strewn on a spongy toil Passed a small dry lake, about two miles across, the stones sloping ou three sides to it, on tho fourth, to tho west, a sand ridge. About eleven o'clock, came in sight of a good deal of stunted timber, principally a kind of prickly acacia, and tina ourKytjorou black, Tommy, pronounced to be the crcok. On reaching it, however, it turned out to bo an oasis in the stones-a tract of sandy oountry, well olothed with grass and bushes, and at present with plenty of water m numerous small channels. Wo have had sand ridges on fach sido of us nil day, at from threo to five milos from our track. Taking all in all, tho travelling is by no moans bad, and far bettor than our track across the Stokes Bange, and thus far the celebrated desert is very little different from large tiaots of oountry in what is known in S mt h Australia as the Far North and tho Nor Weat, oxoopting that there is comparatively llttlo Baltbush here " Mr. Landsborough is about to roceivo formal recognition of his services as an explorer, in the shape of a public testimonial. Tho subscription opened for the purpose a few weeks ago already amounts to nearly £100. During his stay in Melbourne Mr. Landsborough has bocomo a Freo and Accepted Mason. His admiision into the fraternity of "tbo mystic tio" took place at nu extraordinarv meeting of tho Duke of Leinster Lodge, No. 424, hold a night or two ago, tho ceremony of initiation being conduoted by Mr R M'Clure, the lato Deputy Provincial Grand Master under the Irish Constitution, in tho pro son co of a largo number of Masonio brethren. I THE GOLD-FIELDS. Although thero ia little or no prospoot now of tho export of gold for the ourront yoar coming quito up to that of lost, yet wo may safely say that the diggers and quartz-miners havo not had suoh scope for profitablo occupation fora long time past as thoy havo at tho present moment, So many have boon tho disooverios, both of reefs and alluvial loads, within the last few weoks, on old and new ground, that if suoh a number | of our minora woro not leaving for New Zealand and Now South Wales, oven during the throo months of the year yot, unexpired a great part, if not the whole, of tho defioienoy might havo boen msdo good ; but go they will, with or without reason, whon tho (pring comos, and thus tho host season for mining is lost to all but the small proportion of luoky onoa amonp tho restless spirits who will havo ohango, bo it for botter or worse. Tho long, wet winter interfered much with work on tbo gold-fields generally, and hindered prospectors from fairly testing likely spots of now ground : but uo sooner was that over, than tho yield of gold began to in- crease again, and now discoveries, of moro or less importanoo, wore announced almost dally. The groatoit rush has boen to a new load near the Pyrénéen, where Somo thou- sands of pcoplo have oollected, and tri h the prospect of a larger number gotling a share of tho gold than Is usual among thoso who join in thoso great rushes, for the lead is wide and has alroady been opened to a considerable extent. Tbon quite a now load has just been found near Amherst, and several branches of old leads, of moro or less extent and richness, near Mary- borough and Dunolly. New leads ¡n doep ground have also boen proolairned at Indigo and Chiltern, in the Ovens district, and n deep shaft has just beon bottomed with at very good prospect near Benalla, where deep sinking is ' now being tried for the first tim» renewed search for the otto deep and nah lead at Huntly, m tbo B-ndigo district -where this was lost some timo since, owing to the gréa pres- sura of nator on tho loner part of Us course-has been so far tttccesaiul that an engine nnd pump ing gear is to bo at onco erected to allow of work being proceeded with, and the course of tbo lead being followed out Ia the Ballarat distuct, too, the most densely populated and closely tried of all, several spots of new ground have been opened up, and a late report from one of these states that the yield from one claim was thirty ounces to the load, and little lees from some of tho other claims noar it During the continuance of tho win- ter, or even until the summer was pretty weil ad- vanced, the additions oourknonlcdgcof lie moun- tainous country in tho directiono. Gipps L-and nero expected to be but trifling , still, dipeings as good as thoso on the Jordan have been found and worked on another creek forty miles from thero, and persons ennogod in cleanug traoks to these places havo proved a great extent of this country actually to be auriferous, as was supposed, espe- cially on this sido of the range from which tho Yarra flows Tracks to tho Jordan na a central point havo now boen marked out and cleared from every side, and a nurob.r of men are proceodmg thither, but it ia rather early yet to do much good aioug tho banks of creeks that will bo high for some time from the melting of the snows, nnd in ground that remains so lout, wet as that must, which is so donscly covcreu with timber and scrub. The reefs too have been yielding be ter again of late, and in no one month perhaps have moro new veins and lodes been found, both in fresh lines and in abandoned claims which have boen taken up for the second or third time. The Inglewood reefs still hold tho pre eminence for largo j.olds, and the lately cut veins promise to maintain their character well Thus, 22a lona of Htoiio out of the prospectors' claim on the Jersey Roef produced l,177oz ,civlng etch partner in the claim tho sum of £1,011 for his six wooka' work, aftorpnymentof all expenses and many such yields bavo been previously obtained from tho same claim Ninety tons from a obum on Vat- hella Reef also produced 560oz 21wt , and 120 tons from tho next claim, 577oz , fifty tons from a third claim on tho samo reef yielding 177ox. 41wt Among the good jiolda from smaller quantities were two from a tan la'olj sttuck on I tbe Comiskoy Beef, namely 104JZ 4dnt from nine tons, and 92oz lOJwt from twelve tons of slono out of tho one claim Betides these, nore several yields averaging two and three ounces to tho ton Only two lots of stono from the Pyrenees Reef have boen crushed one of these, a ton, and the first raised from the claim, produced 14loz -idwt, tho othir lot, of eight tons, jielding 12Coz lödtvt 12,r Tho Dunolly district has become famotiB for tbe num- ber ofnuw reefs discovered in it, and sans of theso are yielding or promising particularly well Four buckets of the stono first raised I from ouo of theso produced fifty throe, ounces, besides a specimen weighing eighteen ouunoes, and containing little besides gold Mary- borough also has its duo proportion of now reefs, and hns dune even better in regard to speci- mens, ouo lot of 112 b havipgjteldLd 220oz of gold From tho Bendigo recfa tbo specially good yields have not been numerous, but the erection of pumping ongtnes under the new Drainage Act will allow of many rich veins being worked whioh aro now under wator One lot of sixty I seven tons, however, from a reef in tho Whip I stick, produced 2G0oz , and ton tons from a j reef found not long since in tho same part of tho district, 107os 14dwt. Seven tons from tho Exhibition Beef produoed 70os 13Jwt , twelve tons from Wnllnoo's Reef, 59o« 7dwt 12"r , and two tons from the Perseverance Reef, thirty seven ouuoes After the foiegoing, the best of the yields obtained in tho Castlemaine! district aro scarcely worthy of montion, but with regard to some of the reefs at least tho depression i» only temporary, nnd bettor returns will bato to be announced before long The Reedy Creek reefs, once so famous for their largo j lelds, afford an lustance of the folly of too hastily abandoning claims m which tho good teitis appear to have run out Some of theso wero tried again lately by mon waitiug for tho weather to clear up, be- fore ascending the mountains, and among the lots of stone soon sent to tho mill by them, ono of three tons produced forty-two ounces, nnother of the same quantity, 43oz 18dwt, and a third of eighteen tons forty fivo ounces, besides several moro that wore highly remunerative. But perhaps the richest reef yot oponed in tho colony is one tr-ken up m parts nnd partially worked in the impraoticablo country at Gaffnov's Creek, ono of the hoads of the Goulburn, and on the weitem sido of the range dividing it from the Jordan Aa everything has to bejearrted thither on packhorse», k the only mill erected is of therudest construction, allowing, mont probably much gold togo to wnBto, noel of no use to the holder of the next claim, except for crushio? such small parcels of stone as he may be inclined to carr} over the almost im pasaablo hills on his back Still, of the stono put through this mill tinco its erection, ono lot of mnoty tons produced over 700oz , another of 150 tonn, 1230oz , and two tons of picked .tono, 172oz On the Jordan side, and still further out of tho reaeh of machinery, speaunens havo boon picked up indicating tho existence of quite as good reola, but these, of oourse, remain un- touched After a long conttnuod dearth of nug gols, we have onco again to mention iho finding of a few, and one of good size lins weighs 2%o», mid wi\s obtained from some old ground noar Jones's Creek, in the Maryborough and Dunolly distrct The next in siso, weighing °8oz ldtvf 18gr, waa found nt Kingower, at a depth of six- teen foot from the surface, and the third, 8G_." 15dwt ; waa found in the BonrJijo dtpt.iot, which also produced ona of 3Joz 2^ 12¿r. Two moro, betwoon thirty and forty ounoei, WM0 found in the neighbourhood of Kineonor, a?' one of tho Ballarat compañas washed out a nest of thom last wock, weighing severally forty four outioes, thirty two ounces ttvolvo ounces, mid no on downwards, in all, 144oz Tho dividoi da deolared lately by the Ballarat companies havo beon moderato-not calculated to uflVct in either way tho value of the shares A new company has just been formed, with a ctpitnl of £30/00 to work tho leads supposed to run through 9G0 acres of purchased land near Scarsdale, in this district, aud most of tho sbmes havo been already taken up by persons engaged in suoh enterprises AGRIOÜLTÜKD. Tho equinoctial gales aro apparently just over, and severo they havo beon in places m regard to wind and hailstorms, but for several weeks \ nst wo bavo had regular Bpnng weather-sunshine and Bhowors, and not too muoh of either This has, of courao, effected a great improvement in the winter orops , and theso, where not destrojed by stagnant water or covored with sludge by tho floods, aro now looking strong and healthy Sinco the commencement of tho present month the laud has boen mostly m good order for getting in tho spring crops, but tina part of the woik has been delnjod by the oxtrome wetness of the wit- ter, and if tbo summer sots m early tho returns may not bo good Hitherto the season has not boen fat ournblo for tobacco, the young plant bouig very backward, a matter of much consequence now that so many havo mado preparations to grow this crop extensively Still, it will bo in plouty of time if tho showery weather continuo through next month, and if oo the hopes of thoso who expect to make up the losses on other crops by tho profits of tobaooo growing will not bo dis- appointed Manufacturera are propaung for a largo supply noxt summer, and thoy ought not to bo disappointed oitbor. for thoy appoar to bato mado a very marketable arttclo of what thoy got last season Tho livo stock too is overywltoro improving fast «ah tho moro (.enial weather nod abundance of. pisturago, and shearing is becoming general in the northorn and moro early portions of tho oolony. The Drat of too new dip has already arrived in town, and many moro loads are on the way down Tho vory strong remarks in late circu- lars from tho English woolstaplors about tho injury and depreciation of price aausod by tho prosonoe of burrs and grass seeds in tho wool woula scorn not to havo been lost on the settler!-, for many are ovidontly determined to get their shearing over earlier than usual, and thus only can thoso vegetable posts bo avoided. Mon aro now plentiful enough, and most stations are well provided with largo shearing sheds and covered' in poiis. so that shearing ought always to be com- menced as soon as the weather becomes warm enough to allow of tho sheop being deprived of their fleeces with safety. Another reason with many for hurrying on tho time of shearing this year Is tho necessity tlioy are under of having their sheep dtpped and cleaned if passiblo before the now Boab Aot comes Into oporatlon Tho provisions of this aro very stringent, and if duly onforced must soon banian the disease from this oolony, as a similar moasuro has dono m South Australia, except along tho border, where a Hook becomes occasionally mfeo'cd by stray shcon from this side. This disoase has long bcou a disgrâce to our flocks and an injury to their owners, and in other respcctB besides thero will shortly ho a groat improvement in tbo manage- ment on most stations. With a seourcd tenure for a cortain numbor of years, or under the feo-simplo, as the casa may be, it is to tie owner's advantage to creot fences, Bato wukr or dig wells whero this olement is scarce sow graBses, and othoT¡so adopt measures for inoroasing the grazing capabilities of their runs, and providing for tho proper claysilloition and division of the flocks thoreon. Such works havo beon commenced, and, shearing ova, a large number of mon will bo employed, through tho summer and autumn, in carrying thom out. Soveral of the societies in the eouutry ditirto's havo already held their «pring shows of Block, and the Melbourne yards are to be opened to the publie the week after next. The Geelong Society liad their show last week, but, as they hare ad- mitted the horticultural element, agriculture ii not well represented or supported in that yards, and the show of stock is always \ poor one. The most important of the countr/ shows was that of the Western District Pal toral and Agricultural Society, at Skipton, ii the centre of a great sheep-breeding district, an i supported by all the settlors on that side of tas oountry who take especial interest in the merino. This mooting is also mado the opportunity fjr holding the great Annual Ram Fair for the dis- trict, and on the last occasion upwards of 3,0)} young meiinocs were sold at satisfactory prios, some of thom to be taken to New South Wales. At the same time a few young bulls by Master Butterfly were sold ; but these, although out of superior cows, only realized an average of S3) each, less than a third of the reserve price 01 some of the colonial-bred morinoes offered tai Kamo day. While good sheep are moro highly prized than ever, even the best of short- horns aro at a discount, principally on account of the risk from plcuro-pneumonia, -which Is slowly but steadily making its way int J fiei-h districts. Since the last series of sales ii Melbjurno, a large number of valuable Merin> raras and ewes have boen landed from different; vessels, and many of these are to be exhibited a1-, tie Port Philip Society's Show, where imported »ed colonial-bred sheep are to compete for tb.3 fit st time. From being entirely neglected, ths sheep classes are becoming a great feature in our Melbourne shows, and this year the number of , entries will be very large. In the other olassei I for stock there does not promise to bo any in- crease, but the quality of the exhibits is im- proving each year, especially among the younger animals bred in the colony, whioh are nan ¡ thought worthy of contesting the palm of honour -with those that are imported, tho disqualification having been retained longest in the sheep classes, and this is now removed. Another innovation o a old usages will also be witnessed this year in ths introduction of the system of j'udging in publie - tbat is to say, in the presence of members and all exhibitors who chooBe to pay an extra fee fo - admission to the yards while the judges ara < making their awards. Thus it will be seen that . in every way we are inclined to let merit hava fair play, and to keep pace with the times, as befits the community whioh has taken suoh a decided load in agricultural matters in tb.3 southeru hemisphere, nnd with the intention of keeping it too; THE RUSH TO NEW ZEALAND. About the beginning of the month the City of Hobart brought the intelligence that a new and rieh gold-field-the Dunstan Diggings-had bean discovered in Now Zealand, and the excitement .which followed the receipt of the news made it appear likely that we were to witness a soooad rush to New Zealand almost as groat as the first. Diggers, eager to try their fortune amidst new Econes, poured into Melbourne from all quarters, and to meet the demand for eonveyanee thither several large merchant Bhips were immediately placed on the berth- amongst others, the Lightning, the Boanerges, and the Result, The whole available space in these vessels w as rapidly taken up at good prices, and they havo borne away a very large number of persons determined to visit the now diggings, tho Light- ning alone taking some 800. The whole number of persons who have so left our shores may b3 set down in round numbers at 5,000. Unfortu- nately for those who had then actually started, but most fortunately for those who had not yet taken their passages, the Aldinga arrived on tho 15th, bringing, not a confirmation of the golden reports that liad been floating about since tho arrival of the City of Hobart, but the intelli- gence that while without doubt a new gold- field had been discovered, it was not ox tensive enough-while extreme difficulty at- tended the getting at the gold at all-to render it oapable of supporting and remunerating even a tithe of the crowds that were Hooking to it. Tb.9 letter from our correspondent brought by tb.3 Aldinga, gave a graphie description of the diffi- culties surrounding the miners on the new dig eings, the privations they bad to undergo, and the difficulty of obtaining even the commonest necessaries of life ; and from that letter, if frota nothing moro, tho utter madness of the largo rush to the Dunstan was made clearly ap- parent. The Aldinga's news, as was to bs expected, had the effect of stopping, for the time at least, the stream of immigration trova. Viotoria; and fortunate for thousands has it been that that intelligence arrived just when it did. A barren prospect awaited them on the Dunstan, since it is evident that there cannot b3 occupation on that Hold for hundreds where thousands were already on the scene. A few of the earliest to securo claims were, no doubt, ob- taining gold in considerable quantities ; but every day the pursuit of it was becoming more diffioult, and chiefly because the melting of tho snow with roturning fine woather was swelling the river to such an extent that it was ovoi flowing its banks, and effectually concealing from the minors thegola whioh they were seeking. And while thousands were hastening from this colony to the new gold country, a large backward rush had set in, on the part of those already thors, to the towns and older gold-fields of Now Zealand. It may bs also added that two Victorian diggers, who had been upon the ground subsequent to the visito? the discoverers Hartley and Riley, give a muoi more 'unfavourable description of the field than was obtainod from other sources, and expresse 1 considerable satisfaction at their return to thii colony, from a scene where the prospect befon thom was anything but good. If more favourabl ) accounts of these diggingB should again bo re- ceived than was brought by tho 'Aldinga, or if a fresh field, of whatever extent, should bo discovered, it is perhaps certain thal wo should again witness a large exodus of miners discontented with their lot in this country, and of that class for whom the distant prospect is always more tempting than the near one ; but were thoy to look more calmly at the real value of suoh reports as reaoh us from New Zealand from time to time, and hearken less to that counsel whioh springs from the mero desire for change, they would probably seo that there are far better fields for their exertions in Victoria than offer themselves in that country, to whioh, moat unfortunately, so many of our miners have recently gone. It seems clear that of the 6,00) who have taken their departure since the arrival of the City of Hobart, a large pro- portion will return at an early date disappointed, and certainly poorer if not wiser men than whoa they started y but however muoh it may be re- gretted that time and money are thus wasted, this second lesson will not havo been altogether un- profitable if it should teach that portion of our mining population who manifest so strong a desire to rush hither and thither at the slightest provocation, to wait more patiently; than they have done for eorroboration or otherwise of what- ever reports may reaoh us from time to tima from New Zealand. The Gothenburg, we may add, has just arrived, and the intelligence sha brings does more than confirm the unfavourable news brought by tho Aldinga. It shows, in Bhort, that a complete re-action has set in in Now Zea- land in reference to the Dunstan gold-field, and that people are hastening from it even more rapidly than they did to it when the first report of its discovery was spread about. AMUSEMENTS. At the termination of Mr. Barry Sullivan's en- gagement at the Theatre Royal, he appeared for a week at the Princess's Theatre, supported by Mr. Jefferson and an excellent stock company, and drew orowdedhouses, in "Money," "Muoh Ado About Nothing," and the "School for Scandal," Miss Aitken made her dSbut at the Theatre Royal on the Monday following Mr. Sullivan's withdrawal, but failed to oonfirm as an tctrosa the very favourable impression she had produced as an elocutionist. This houso is now closed, for tho purpose of being redecorated in readiness for the opera season, whioh commences in about ten days. Several new operas are in re- hearsal ; and, as the company has been strength- ened since its last appearance in Melbourne, and Mdlle. Parepa is expected from Europe by the next mall, ft brilliant season is expeoted. Tb'enew Haymarket Theatre was opened to the publie on the 15th inst. It Is an elegant and commodious struo turo, erected, at a coat of £11,009 (inoluding the ooncert-hall and tavern), by Mr. i T. P. Conlon, under the direction of Mr. Coppin, a private company supplying the necessary funds. The lower portion of tho house is ap- proached through a vestibule, resembling the courtyard of a Spanish posada, open in the oon tre, where a fountain plays, ana surrounded by a covered walk. Access is obtained to the dreis cirole and stalls by a broad corridor, oonnooted with whioh is a drinklng-bar for the gentlemen and a dressing-room for the ladies, while the box lobby constitutes a spacious promenade. .The thoatre covers an area of 4,340 feet, the aucfi iort'um being 70 feet by 62 feetf and 50 feet high. There is no gallery, and the pit is invisible from tho dress cirole. About 1.800 persons can be seated in the pit and stalls, 300 in the dress, and dOO in the upper clrote ; while there Is standin? room for nearly 400 more. The proscenium hu been constructed so as to resemble a shallow picture-frame, in whioh the actors and actresses ?re " set," as it were. The curtain rises on tho Ïilcturo, and there is consequently no necessity or the dramalit ptrtonx to come down the stage to the footlights, and travel out of tho frame t> make themselves heard and seen. The drop soeno, representing the opening of now Lon- don Bridge, after Stanfield, Is painted by Mr. Henning and his assistants, who ara »tío responsible for the 'decorations, which are for the moat part in good taste. Every pre- caution has been taken to guard against the oat lireak of fire, and to provide for the safe aui rapid escape of the audience in the event of suoh m calamity occurring ; and, generally speakinr, It may be observed that tho latost improve- ments have been adopted, eo as to secure tin 1 comfort of the audience. In ono important par ' ficnlar, however, the now theatre is deficient I Ita aooustio properties are defective; and a , mistake has been made in excluding tho I occupants of the pit - the most oonstaat patrons of the theatre-from BeoLng or bein; seen by the audience in the other portions of tho j louse. Limited to a view of the stage, and .with no cheerful objeots to contemplate while the curtain is down, the " groundlings " evinea ' »frigid indifference to the performance; and the 1 audience in the other portions of the house, I accustomed to follow up the laughter and ap- plause originating in the pit, are still more ioily j cold to the aotoTB and actresses. Hence the | "American Cousin," which filled the Princess's , Theatre with mirth for a month, seemed solemn M a tragedy when played by the same company at the .Haymarket, during the first week of it? being opened to the publio. We believe that it will be found necessary to remodel the interior of the latter house, in order to insure the complete ! success of performances on its roomy and well I proportioned stage. "Our American Cousin" ] has been followed by Mrs. Inchbald's comedy of i " Wives as they Wore and Maida &s; they Are," in which Mr. Jefferson sustained the character ' originally played by " Gentleman Lewis," and Mr. Lambert that of Lord Priory. Mr. Coppin's return to the stage is announced. At the Princess's Theatre, a company of Nsw Zealand Maorios are giving some striking illus- trations of the manners and customs, rites and ceremonies, of their raoo ; aud the entertain- ment is at once novel, effective, and attractive. Although thoir performances aro incidental to a I drama, and subservient to its story, they engage 1 the whole attention of the audience ; whs ara brought face to face with some of the most im- pressive features of savage life, and beooma familiar with the war chantB, war dances, and incantations practised by a people superior, perhaps, in point of intellect and physical power to the aboriginal inhabitants of Britain, and pos- sessing a mythology bearing some resemblaaoa lo that of ancient Greece, in respect that it in- trudes a belief in gods, goddesses, domi-gods, and heroes, deifies some of the forces of nature, re- cognizes prophets and oracles, and acknowledges the existence of a sort of Hados. Just now, the Maories are the most popular actors in Mel- bourne. At Marsh's Royal Lyceum tho juvenile com- pany hold their ground with difficulty, against {he formidable attractions elsewhere; and al thero will soon be four theatres open in Mel berime, it is difficult to understand how they can all be made to pay. ¡THE FORTHCOMING RIFLE ASSOCIA. TION MATCHES. Firod with emulation of the spirit which .brought about the first Wimbledon gathering for line shooting, and of course not a little natural desire to promoto the efficiency of our own volun- teers, a fow gentlemen managed, more than two Sears ago, to establish the " Rifle Association of .Victoria." Their subsequent efforts *>*'- boon 3ust those which have distinguished almost all the attempts successfully made here in the same dirootion ; and with prompt energy, zealous perse* areranco, and much unselfishness, exhibited in the (ace of considerable apathy'and difficulties, fro« qucntly raised by the jealousies of rival marksmen, they have stuck to their work till they have instituted several matches, whioh havo boen brought to an issuo; and they are now about to inaugurate by far the most im- portant series of rule matohos ever witnessed ia this colony. This importance is created, notonly by the general interest evinced in the association, but by the great improvement which here, as ia .England, has taken place in the quality of the volunteer rifle shooting ; and on October 30 aud SI, and November 1 next, we may expect to fiad our volunteers displaying skill which will bo hy no moans unworthy of the colony. For tho first time, too, the gatheiing will consist 'of the representatives of nearly every corps in Viotoria, many of whom will meet their fellows in armi for the first, though it is to bo hoped not the säst, time. The programme of operations ia certainly a good one. Match No, 1 appears to be of most importance. The prizes are £10 for tho .best at eaoh distance (200, 500, and 600 yards): £60 to the best total scorer, £25 to the second best, £15 to the third best, £10 (the gift of Cap- tain Bell, of the Geelong Mounted Rifles), to the fourth best, while the fifth, Bixth, Beventh, and -eighth next best receive £5 each. The com- petitors will consist of 240 Viotorian volunteers, an numbers proportioned to the total first and second olaes shots obtained by each corps during the course of this year's musketry instruction. Tho following return of the corps engagad will give our English readers a good idoa of the thorough colonial oharacter of the movement. ¡They are :- Bacchus Marsh Mounted Riflea, 1; Geelong do., 1; Williamstown Naval Brigade, 9 : Sandridge do., 3 ; Melbourne Battery of B.V.V.A., 2 j Williamstown do., 3 ; Emerald bill do., 4; St. Kilda do,, 1; Queenscliff do., 7; South Yarra and Prahran do,, 1 ; West Mel- bourne do., 2 ; Engineers, 2 ; Pentridge V.R.C., l8 ; North Melbourne, 12 ; West Melbourne, 2 ; -Fitzroy, 2 ; Williamstown, 5 ; East Collingwood, 14; Collingwood, 12 ; Carlton, 11 ; Brighton, 10 ; 1st St. Kilda. 5 ; 2nd St. Kilda, 4j Mel- bourne Proper, IO ; Hawthorn and Kew, 5 : .Richmond, 3 ; Emerald-hill, 11 ; Prahran and South Yarra, 6 ; Geelong, 11 ; Portland, 10 ; BelfaBt, 14: Ballarat, 9 ; Castlemaine, 23 ; Sandhurst, 7. Total, 240. Match No. 2 will be shot for by tho thirty best in Match No, 1, and the prizes will be £10 for the best at each distance (400, 800, and 900 yards), the best total scorer receiving £25, the gift of His Excellency the Governor, and a gold medal. She other matches, and there are eight, aro on pretty much the same scale ; four of them being open to all comers. Match No. 4 is intended for members of the Viotoria Royal Artillery, and th. prizes oro a oup worth £25, and a Turner rifle, in case, presented by_ Colonel Anderson, ora mandant of the Viotoria Volunteers, and Brigade Majors Hall and Pitt. In Match 8, the best total scorer will receive £25, the gift of the Melbourno nnd Hobson's Bay Railway Company, who, doubtless, expeot to make no small profit by' carrying visitors, competitors, &c;, to the soene of operations, whioh. will bo the Saudridge Butts. It may be well to add a description of the tar Eets. That at 200 yards will be 6ft. x 4ft., with ull's-eye 8in. square, a centre 2ft. square, and an outer filling up the remainder of the surface given ; the 500 and 600 yards target will be 8ft. x 6ft, square, with a square 2ft. Dull's-eye, and at square 4ft. oentro ; and the 700, 800, and 900 yards target will be 12ft. x Gft. square, with a square 3ft. bull's-eye, and a square 6ft. centre. Another mail will leave us before these matohos take place, and wo shall bo able to give more par- ticulars. SPORTING. The regular raoing season of the year 1862-63 commences on Wednesday next, with the Geelong Champion Meeting, and it is expected that the opening day will bring togother large numbers ot the sporting men from at least three of the Aus- tralian colonies, to witness the struggle for the Fifth Champion Sweepstakes. For this event, thero are at present sixteon horses left in, but it is probable that this evening (Thursday), whoa the lost fifty so vs. of the sweepstakes will be pay- able, some threo or four of the competitors will be found wanting. At present, however, no *. vehement suspiolon " points to the indivi- duals who will not complete their bargain, and it might only mislead' if we ventured an opinion on the Bubject. Tho sixteen champions consist of five aged horses, one fivo-year-old, two four-year-olds, and eight threo-year- olda. Amongst tho old ones aro Ar oh or and Talley- rand, two of the best horses from New South Wales; Mormon and Flatoatoher, the two best old horses in Victoria, the former the winner of the Tasmanian Champion Raoe, and the Taro ^Thousand Guinoas-a quasi-Champion race ran here last October ; and Clive, the best horse of the Western District of this colony. The Colonel, st horse of mark and fame, who was bred in Kow South Wales, bnt who has received all bis education in Victoria, is the only representa- tive of the five-year- old division. Camden, the «inner of last year's Derby and St. Leger, with the Mares' Produce Stakes, champions Vio- toria on the part of her four-year-olds; and South Australia has sent Enfield, of the hame age, a oolt of lomo repute in those parts, to do battle for her. The threo-year-oldi aro all Victorians, except Lord of tho Isles, who «pomes here from South Australia with some publio reputation for speod, and a great private character for stoutness. Nono of the young ones bave, howevor, raced in publio over any dis- tance beyond what would be suitable for two year-olds, and this will bo their first essay in company with old horses over a long journey. The three-year-olds aro- Regina, a fino Peeping. Tom filly ; "notts, a big, powerful Boiardo oolt; Baroness, also by Boiardo, half aiBlor to Flat* catoher; Barwon, another of Boiardo's stock, who has the additional recommendation of being st son of the Btont old mare Jeannette ; Tho linn, a Boiardo filly, who beat "noss and Baroness last year, over the Geelong ground; with Josephine and O.K., two maiden plater). There is au abundance of materials ia this lot of horses to furnish n very fino race, and it will appear strange that there has been so little specu- lation upon the event amongst the general publu, hut the latter bave latterly been prudently dis- trustful of having anything to do with tar' investments. The Gceiong stewards have pu1) . lished a programme for two days'racing; bi; besides the bonne bouche of the meeting, tu > Champion Stakes, there will be little to interés-, the sporting community in the nffiir. The metropolitan clubs commence their spriaj campaign in the middle of October, theseooai cue following four weeks afterwards. The p.'o vinces have just settled down in earnest to pre- paro for the season, and the principal raoia; fixtures have been appointed. Ballarat Eua, Club Steeplechases take place on the 10th Oats ber; Beechworth has three days a fortniga. thereafter, ilbury Spring Meeting takes pla3 J in the first week in November, a week before ti 3 three days of the Victoria Turf Club. The t tr 1 next weeks will have two days at Chiltern, and 111 days at Castlemaine. December opens with ta 1 Ballarat Annual Races on the 3rd, 4th, and 5ta Bendigo has elected the 17th and 18th of tai-, meath ; and Tarrengower has been the first chii jear to fix upon the two days following Christ ni t Day, for which two days there have been of lat J years several competitors. Tho Sixth Champion Sweepstakes (to be run at Dunedin, New Zealand) has not as yet at- tracted any attention here. The fine opsn weather during the last moath, bas enabled the trainers to get to work in earn sot, and it is satisfactory to know than the Champion horses are generally in very good condition. OUT-DOOR SPORTS. With the advent of spring our out-door amuse- ments change their character. The leathern f phere is no longer kbked from goal to goal, and the good- humoured falls, consequent upon foot- ball matches, are recorded as things of the past, and are as little thought of as the ball, whioh is deposited in some quiet resting-place until the termination of the next cricketing season. Dar- ing the present month, the various cricket-olubs lave been most active in making arrangements for their summer's campaign. Members who during the winter-football players exoepted have been scattered about the oountry, have met to discuss the prospocts of the season, and secreta- ries and treasurers have been called upon ti render accounts of their stewardships. Happily the "business" of the several clubs has besa intrusted to good hands, and the reoords of tha past season, and the financial position of t'ai clubs, from tho oldest to the mostrecentlyformed, prove that the Anglo spirit of encouraging all Jtinds of out-door sports is as strong as ever in this colony. This soason there will not be the inducement to join the metropolitan club tha -, thore was last year. No All-England Eleven ar 1 expected to visit our shores, and the Intercolonial Huton will be played in Sydney. Yet still mem - bors are daily joining the old olub, and thai testifying their desiro so to encourage lb, 3 " growth " of cricket, as it were, as to place ta J colony'in a higher position than it assumed whe 1 xnatohed in the field laBt season against England'! champions. Out-door sports are, we may safel f pay, more encouraged in this colony than in an f other under the British sway. The rush o' immigration caused by the gold disooveriei brought to it mon who had attained a repu- tation either on tho green sward or 01 tho rippling waters of the Isis, the Gam, or old ¿father Thames. Heneo it is that with them they have borne a love for those amuse- ments so oharaotoristio of the mother country, and to excel in which in this colony they devot > so muoh time and labour. Whether it bs cricketing, boating, or augling, the approach ing season promises well. With regard t > the first, a programme of matches has-be31 arranged which will be superior, if carrie < out, to any former one, as the opponea.i will meet on more equal terms. In sho.-,, looking at all the clubs, the exertio 1 they havo made during the past win.) for improving their grounds, and the ma ¡< fest desire there is on their parts to excel, th ir J is no'f ear but that the ensuing season will b 1 1 good one. Even at present, from small tra matches, there aro evident traces of the g>i 1 leesons taught by the All- England Eleven, aal, as has been frequently remarked, the youth or tho colony are not slow as copyists. During ft 1 winter, the patoh of English-sown turf h a 1 been considerably enlarged, and when nat", our English brethren visit us- it is rumour ii that that will not be very long-they will find 1 ground equal to any in England, not only as re- gards cricket, but as a pleasant place of resort There are other sports, however, in whiñ greater interest is promised to be taken durii; ithe ensuing season. One is rowing, in whiih wo have never muoh excelled as a community - not that thero are not good crews here, b 1; beoause rowing, as a pastime, has not re- ceived its due meed of support. In July la s however, a Melbourne Olub was formed, and 111 fierseveranoe whioh they have shown has stim 1 ated other pre-existing clubs, so that this year w 1 shall have a regatta far superior to any previous one. Unfortunately there is a little dispute as 11 the course. There are somo who delight in the windings of the Upper Yarra, perhaps aB there they are more likely to be witnessed by admiring hundreds, whilst there are others who have pro- posed the Saltwater River as the most eligible, as there is a straight course extending for three miles, and of an average width of 200 yards. Whichever woy the dispute may be decided, there is no doubt thore will be a good regatta, as not only have wo improved in our boats, but also in the material to propel them. Angling has of late attraoted the earnest atten- tion of a number of gentlemen, and a club has been formed for the purpose of passing regula- tions to protect our fresh-water fisheries. We have splendid fish in our rivers, and, thanks to private enterprizo, young Murray cod have been frequently found in the Yarra-a river new to them ; but a system of poaching has been carried on which, if not checked, will soon destroy all tho sport of the angler. The club includes several influential men, and many enthusiastic 'Waltonites, so that there ii reason to bolieve their labours will be crowned with success, and that a etop will be put to the wholesale plundering now in'existence. Altogether, our season of out-door sports pro- mises well, and it is refreshing to turn from the contemplation of moro matter-of-fact every-day lifo to the notico of amusements which contribute so' largely to promote the Bamo high-spirited feelings of manliness amongst tho youth of this colony as have always distinguished those of the mother oountry. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. Tho returns of the Immigration Board for the month of August have been issued from the Im- migration Department. The arrivals at all ports of the colony numbered 3,302, and the depar- tures 2,062, the balance being in favour of the colony by 1,240. During the corresponding month of 1861 the arrivals numbered 2,305 and the departures 2,382. Of the arrivals lost month, 3,297 landed at Melbourne, 2 at Geelong, and 3 ,at all other ports. Of the depar- tures, 2,047 sailed from Melbourne, 6 from Gee- long, and 9 from all other ports. The ages a ad sexos may be thus divided :-Arrived-1,733 adult males, 1,057 adult females. 234 male aal 223 female children. Departed-1,551 a-lalt malos, 282 adult females, 110 malo and LU female children. It will bo seen from the foil 1 v ing digest of the return, that the intercalo liai migration was against the colony in every in- stance, except as regards Tasmania. The arrivals from British ports numbered 2,290, and from foreign ports 82 : li i New South Wales.. South AUB tralla,, .. Tasmania ...' ,. New Zealand Total neighbouring colonies... United Kingdom Foreign ports Totals ... deduct decrease Net inorease 262 86 307 275 444 104 57 1029 182 l8 250 754 930 2290 , 82 1634 162 250 851 2128 . 181 3302 2062 1240 2062 2378 1038 1038 In the following table the arrivals and doparturei lore given monthly for the current year, com- pared with the corresponding periods of 1861 : Arrived. De- parted. 1862. ^^.IpartVd. January ... February ," March .., April May June July August .. Totals ., Deduot de partures, Net increase 2,710 1,288 2,285 1,350 1,944 1,925 1,900 2,305 1,816 1,790 2,456 1,962 2,066 1,167 1,718 2,382 15,707 15,357 350 15,357 4,620 5,449 2,884 3,200 4,087 3,113 3,186 2,859 2,950 2,049 2,610 1,921 3,099 2,288 3,302 2,082 26,744 22,941 22,941 3,803 From tho above table it will be gathered that, \ihile during tho first eight month« of 1861 th9 lah nee of immigration was only 350, tho balança for the current year has amounted to 3,803. Tha arrivals for the former period were only 15,707, »gainst 26,744 for the latter, giving an inoreata for this year of 11,037. The departures fro a the colony have been in excess of those of lar, joar by 7,584. The following quarterly abstract, showing tU i population of Victoria on the 30th Juno, ISM, has beon issued from the office of the registr-tr general : Males. IFomaloslPorsoiu. 1'opulatlon on tho 81st Har., Incrcaso of population by excess of inunlg-ratlon over emigration (by Bea) during tho quarter end ing on tho SOth June, Incrcaso by excess of birt lia over deaths during the quarter ending on the B.tbJuno, 1802 .. 822,810 1,871 1,459 221,700 l8 li' £11,011 1,013 2,0 9 Total .. .. ... 32C.070 223,203 543,HI In croate during the quarter; 8,3301 1,668) 4,SJJ VICTORIAN CEMENT. A new branch of industry bas recently been commenced in Viotoria, whioh cannot fail to develope itself into a very important trade, as well as to turn to praotical utility another of tha many natural sources of wealth with whioh tho colony abounds. Wo allude to the manufactura of cement, in which a party of energetio gentío men have embarked, with every prospect of success crowning their undertaking. The exist- ence in this colony of "septariaj" the name given by .nineralogiBts to'the particular description of marl from which the best cements are prepare 1 in England and elsewhere, was made known b/ the Government geological department mora than two years ago, but it is only withia the last six or eight months that steps have been taken to turn the discovery to useful ac- count. Ono of the first to direct attentioa to tho commercial value of the mineral was Mr. Robertson, who also took an active part in tan establishment of the Kaolin Works, at Bulla Bulla. The result has been the formation of a company called the Soplaría Cement Company, who have erected works for manufacturing cement, and have obtained a patent for that purpose. The septaria is found near Schnapper Point, whioh is the name of a small settlement on the shores of Hobson's Bay, about twenty five miles to the south of Melbourne A deposit of the marl runs along the beach for nearly two miles; thore are also seams of it in tai cliffs above the beach; and another depaais of it appears on the opposite shore of the bay, at a place called Spring Creek, south of Geelong. Tho bed in the neighbourhood of Schnapper Point, where the company havo established their works, is a very extensive one, its depth having been ascertained to be at least thirty-tar J feet. The quality of the marl has been tested by several analytical chemists, and it is very excel- lent, the quantity of silica-ono of the chief agents in cement- making-which it conttias, being as great, or even greater, than thv. in any similar deposit which has been found in any part of the world. Tho company's patent gives them the exclusive right to uso this septaria during the next fourteen years, aal thoy have leased about two acres of land, soma two miles beyond Schnapper Point, where their manufactory will be carried on. The site is ad- joining the beach, and is overhung by soma lofty cliffs, which completely enshroud it from the observation of all travellers upon the land side, until they como elose upon it. Indeed, it would seem impossible t) devote this strip of land, situated as it is be- tween the cliffs and the bay, to any other useful purposo ; but for this it is admirably adapted, nnd the raw material is close at hand. The prin- cipal feature of the works is a gigantio kiln, which just rears its head above the top of the cliffs, and suggests rathor the idea of a massive stono castle or fortification upon the coast than of a structure built for peaceful manufacturing pur- poses. This kiln is about thirty feet high, and is larger, we understand, with one or two excep- tions, than any of the kind erected in England. It is a conical kiln, constructed upon what is known as the " perpetual" principle, and is ci pnblo of holding nearly forty tons of material. Tho burning is a process which ia accomplished by gradations, and about one-third of this quantity of material will be passed through the kiln in the course of a day. Too rest of the works consist of tanks, in which to mix the marl, when dug from the bed, with lime, and "agitators" to make the mass of the same consistency ; a machine for making the marl into hollow bricks for the kiln ; drying-Bheds for dry- ing the bricks previous to their boing placed ia the kiln ; a powerful Chilian mill for crushing the bricks into powder after they are taken out of the kiln ; an engine of twenty-horse power to work this mill ; a dressing-machine to make the powdered cement as tine as flour ; and sheds in vhich to store the cement after it has boen t uckc-d in bags or barrels. The enumeration of this machinery will serve to indicate the various processes necessary for making cornent, tie manufacture of which, though new in the S> uthern Hemisphere, is no novelty in England. The great art required in making it is to genera1 o u sufficiently high temperature in the kiln to drive off tho carbonio acid ia combi- nation with the lime, which requires to be mixed with the septaria; and the samples of tbî cement whioh have already been produced aro sufficient to show that the managor of the oom puny thoroughly understands his business. While mentioning this, wo ought to Btate that, though the septarian deposit is chiefly found in a soft state, and therefore requires to have a certain, proportion of lime mixed with it, it is interspersed with layers of indurated marl, which requires no lime mixed with it. The Septaria Cement Com- pany; have not yet commenced to supply tha public with cement, but they will very shortly bo j in a position to do so. In the meantime, they havo a staff of about thirty workmen busily | engaged in completing all the preliminary ar- rangements, and in laying down tramways from the publio road to the works, and from the works to that section of the septaria whioh is now being excavated^ as well as to a jetty which is in ooavaa of formation. This jetty will extend about 123 feet into the bay, and will afford ampio accommo- dation for the moorage of all lighters and other vessels which may have occasion to visit the cement depot. An expense of nearly £10,003 bos been incurred in establishing the works, butt the proprietors havo every reason to antioipate a handsome return for their capital and enterprize. There can be no doubt that from the silicious deposit which they have at their disposal, a oement can bo manufactured possessing properties equal to those of the bess Portland, or any other description of hydraulic cement, Cemont is used for a large variety of purposes, in- cluding the "facing" of publio buildings and private residences, and also in the erec- tion of bridges, breakwaters, lighthouses, anl other hydrauiio works. It consequently forms a largo item in the importa of the -oolony. It is stated that upwards of 2,000 barrels of Portland cement sometimes arrivo at the port of Melbourne in the course of a month, and we are informed that tho price paid for this oement by the contractors for the Victorian Railways was 22s. per barrel. We believe that the price is now somewhat reduoed; but the Septaria Cement Company, with an unlimited supply of the raw material at their very doors, and with great facilities for manufacturing the cement, will be in a position to supply it at a considerably lower rate than that imported from Eng- land can possibly be sold. The cost of freight alone must deprive tho Portland cement hitherto imported from tho old country of a market in this colony, as soon as the oompany to which we have alluded havo fairly commenced operations. In tho course of two or three weeks, they will be in a position to supply about 303 barrels per woek. We believe that the prioe, ai at present contemplated, will not exceed 15s. per barrel. It is their intention in a short time to apply for a lease of more land, ia order that they may erect additional kilns, and be able to supply all the demands for cement made upon them. A good deal of the cement imported from England ¡B more or less damaged by long exposure to the soa air ; anl this circumstance, as weU as the high price, has hitherto prevented its being so extensively used es we may now fairly expeot to see it. In addi- tion to tho ordinary purposes for which it is used in connexion with buildings, and other large un- dertakings, it can also be employed for makin; garden vases, fountains, and other ornamental articles, in whioh it forms a cheap and effective substitute for stone. With a considerable reduc- tion of price, therefore, the consumption of cement will, in all probability, greatly inorease ia Victoria, ' and the new company hope to find an emporium for their manufacturo in each of the neighbouring colonies, as theirs are the only cement works in the whole of Australia. We trust that their undertaking will meet with the success whioh it seems to be in a fair position to demand, and that it will contribute to expand tho commercial importance and wealth of this great colony. . COMMERCIAL. The Peninsular and Oriental Ste&m; Navigation Company's steamship Bombay arrived'off the Otway at an early hour on the morning of the 8th inst., and, notwithstanding the gale along the coast, delivered her mails on the evening of the same day. The colony of Victoria was thus placed in possession of English intelligence direct to tho 26th July, and by telegram to the If t August-folly a day before it was doe, The Bombay has gained a charaoter sinoe she has been engaged on the Australian station, whioh affords the best proof that the mishaps which befel this vessel in the east were unavoidable acoidonto, to which the best of ships are liable. The news was esgorly oanvassed, and ranch satisfaction was ex- pressed at the long-continued regularity of the pOBtal service. The yield of the gold-fields has been very steady for some time past, the totals of the month comparing favourably with those of the corresponding period of last year. The shipments of gold oleared during the past woek amountod to " 100,73803,, bringing tho total amount shipped during the current year np to l,498,016oz" in« eluding 233,llloz., transhipped from New Maa- land vessels. The total shipments from the Vic- torian mines stand at l,264,904oz. Up to the corresponding date of last year, the shipment! of all gold from this port amounted to l,416,055óz, In the following table, the quantities of gold brought into Melbourne weekly by the escorts from all the gold-fields are given separately for three months, ending on Friday : Jnne July . July 11 July l8 July 26 Aug. 1 Autr. 8 Aug. 16 Aug. 22 Aug. 29 Sept. 6 r«pr. 12 ( op-. 19 I M 1285 782 1187 764 5~8 6S7 OH \- '6481 2297 8956 4,881 3,847 6,296 3,824 4,630 4,81)9 4.690 6,717 804 292 S807 620, 1811 9741 1000 \- 1878 1422 819,2628 1214 ! - 1015 1966 11621 - 1S43 3004 8478 5079 4278 1447 6473 3870 1473 7438 596211601 5710 ! 4000 15S7 21841 17 2183 B2647 9 2903 4110 2728 1539 3191 1201 3180 903 1188 725 839 509 1S68 728 1196 831 1324 716 83761 Thero have not been any fluctuations in the prices of the metal during the month. The banks have boen buyers at £3 149. 9d. per ounce for ctandard gold, exclusive of export duty. At this price, local rates may be quoted at -Ornoo, Upper Yarra, Shady Creek, £310s. 6d. to £312s. 63. ; Jamieson, Big River, and Dandenong, £3 13i. 9d. to £3 15s. Gd. ; Castlemaine, Bendigo, and Mountain Creek, £3 16s. 9d. to £3 17s. ; Crooked River, Boggy Creek, Caledonia, and Anderson's Creek, S3 17s. 6d. ; Maryborough} Dunolly, Avoca, and Raglan, £318s, to £3 19s. ; Creswick: and Brown's, £3 17s. 3d. to £3 19s. 3d. j Bal- larat and Ovens, £4. The export duty charge- able on gold is 2s. por ounce until the 1st of January, 1863, when it will be reduced to Is. Gd. per ounce. The following is a list of the gold ships which have sailed from Melbourne since 1st June, with the quantities stated separately : July Aug. 7 ?¡Ino Jacket Anglesey .. Northam .. Mountain Wave. 6'Kcnt G Lord Ko glan Joshua Bates ., Aloa Lord Lyndhurst., Bombay Roxburgh Castle. Surrey Moravian .. au re Wa ., Wellesley .. Madras Great Britain . Liverpool London .. Point de Gallo British Columbia London .. London .. Hong Kong London .. Java Point de Galle ¡London .. Sbanghae London .. Hong Kong London .. Point de Galle Liverpool 20,011 6,003 «,475 82 78,191 40,298 8,827 20,324 1,01)2 £8,867 03,811 SO 19,208 4,53« 84,129 42,227 100,000 Ecptnl_ The money market has been more buoyant, and the banks have made concessions to their clients. Tho rates of discount havo settled down to oight per cent, for three months' bills, and nine por cent, for four months'. Interest is allowed by the banks on time deposits at the foi« lowing rates :-Por deposits at thirty days'notice, from one and a half to two per cent, per annum ; at throe months' notice, from two to two and a half per cent. ; at six months' notice, from four to five per cent. The banks quote exchange on England at one per cent, premium for drafts at sixty days' sight, one and a half per cent, at thirty days', and two per cent, at sight. The Oriental Bank Corporation charges tor thirty dayB' exohange, on Bombay, Calcutta, anl Madras, 2s. Id. per rupee ; Hong Kong anl Singapore, 4s. lOd. per dollar ; Mauritius, Is. 21, per dollar ; Ceylon, throe and a half per oent. premium. Some .alteration has been looked for in the ex- changes during the current week, but up to tin closo of business hoars this evening none hal been declared. An institution of a semi-banking charaotor, resembling in some of their features the banks of deposit which have recently come down with a crash in England, has dosed its doors, and caused great consternation amongst the ranks of small capitalists. With upwards of £270,000 of deposits, consisting chiefly of the savings of the industrial and saving of the community, tua so-called " Provident Instituto of Viotoria" has suddenly stopped payment, with its affairs in a deplorable state of confusion, the result of mis- management. For yours past the affairs of this copartnery or institution, or whatever it may be called, have boen the subjeot of publio oomment. It was carried on far some time by a body of men responsible to no one but themselves. Due warning was given from time to time by the presB, as to the insufficienoy of the security given to the publia in rotura for their deposits. The high rate of interest was. however, too tempting a bait. In February ana March, 1859, a crisis took place ; several meetings of the depositors were held, a committee of examiners was ap- pointed, the institution was deolared to bo highly prosperous, and the press was blamed for its strictures, whioh were alleged to be unoalled ' for. The accounts wore audited, after some difficulty in obtaining responsible parties willing to undertake this office, and they were de- clared to be corroct. Subsequently shares wera issued ; and at a meeting of the proprietors nnd depositors, a company was formed, and two additional directors were appointod, with nominal duties only. The names on the old list of irresponsible directors, trustees, ko,, wera not gazetted out, and the affairs of the institution, were allowed to advanco towards the inevitable result. In the mean time, reports and balanoe slicots, duly audited, wcro issued periodically, and whon the press suggested caution, the depo- sitors exhibited greater confidence. Business men protested in letters against the constitution of the company, the dummy direotors retired, the shares issued to the publio were repurchased with lbe depositors' money, and the institute was trade snug. A run on the establishment of an ordinary character-one which must have been forcsoon-brought the whole fabrio around ths cars of the unfortunate depositors. A meeting of shareholders and depositors was held, and (he following statement was laid before thom by ¿hi directors and management: APPROXIMATE STATEMENT OF THE ASSBTS AND LlABlLITIES OF THE PSOVIDKMT iKSïTruTB. LIABILITIES. Deposits (with interest to 30th June) .«259,669 11 IO Interest to this date wouldamonnt to about £2.500. Sundry liabilities, about. 500 0 O »?260,169 M IO' , ASSETS. ' Mortgages and interest, estimated I to date .£147,082 0 0 ' Brighton Railway securities ... 28,833 10 0 . Yandoit mining advance:. lO.öl?" 7 5 I Mining shares (market value) ... 1,861 19 6 I Cash in bank and on band ... 1,253 l8 10 I. Bills receivable . 450 0 0 ! Equitable mortgages, loans, ka.,.. 6,659 12 2 ' Sundry debtors and agencies ... 919 6 9 ! Queen- street property and furni I turo . 5,700 0 0 , Estate of Enoch Chambers ... 18,514 10 7 I Land and engines. 3,241 3 4 I Goods adventures, about. 3,000 0 0 £228,133 8 7 Deficiency.32,036 6 3 £260,169 14 10 But little faith was placed in this statement. It became well known that tho directors had dabblod in mining speculations, in flour, in sugar, and other merchandise, and had lost large sums of money. A committee WOB appointed to investi- gate the accounts, and to report to the general body. In the meantime, injunctions were takes out, writs wero issued in large numbers, the committee waa powerless, and nothing remained but the Insolvent Court for the present, and for the future tho chances of obtaining a special winding-up act when the Legislaturere-assembles. Large sums of money havo beon invested during tho month in shares of all descriptions where dividends are forthcoming. This has been caused in a great measure by the scarcity of Government debentures, which have been dons to-day at 108¡¡-or with interest accrued. 111, Since the stoppage of tho issue of the million sterling reserve for local issue, every available parcel has beon taken up for the invest- ment of trust funds as soon rta offered in the market. Subjoined is a short re Êort on the transactions of the month : debentures havo been in good demand, and risen in price. There are none in the market transferable to England, and the local issue, amounting to £400,000, are not obtainable under 1084\. The large amount issued has been ohioBy absorbed in trust money. Banks. -Large - trans- actions havo taken place during the month. Colonial Bank shares increased in value from par to £6 6s., at which price sales have been re- ported ; price to day, £6 2a, to £6 4s. National Hank have remained at par sellers during the month, and considerable business has been done at that price. Viotoria have been freely purchased at £3410s., and aro very scarce. Now South Wales are chiefly held in Sydney, and as they are not going to increase their reserve fund (£250,000), Lut pay theirprofits in dividends, buyers offer£46. Kailways.-Hobson'* Bay shares have beon in good favour, and several transactions have taken place between £49 and £50, whioh latter prioa r.ppears to bring shares into the market. Their trafilo returns are satisfactory. No transactions in other railways, whioh may almost be con- sidered private, Insurance shares have not boon largely dealt in during the month. Australasian have maintained their position, price 4.3a. to 451. Colonial are quoted 16s. to los., and are in demand, Victoria Life and General have re- mained at 30a. to 32s., old Viotoria at £35 to £40, Gas sha .'in have not been in great demand. Some ol' the country companies have been ttiOEtly inquired for, Ballarat chiefly. Mel- bourne has slightly improved in price. Mines. \- Thero has not been a large amount of business, but purchasers are beginning to inquiro into the naturo of the Ballarat and other co- operative companies, and their investments ara likely to turn out more advantageous than tho.a in the mushrooms inculcated ia Melbourne. Most of the Ballarat companies aro at present paying largo dividends, nnd pay a large interest on the capital invested. The import markets oponed quietly after the departure of the last mail, Some large trans- actions in tea, tobacco,. sugar, and timber took place, but tho country trade was dull. Fiua M eather appeared to bo sotting in, and bris.: times wero looked for, but a new " rush" to NOT Zealand by tho mining population followed on the announcement of the opening up of nar fields in the Otago district of the middle islanJ. This movement is to some extent checked f.r the present, but its influence on all classes of traders is manifest. Wo refer to our prices our i.?nt in another column for details rospeotinr the markets. The Chamber of Commerce has again taken up the subject of the obnoxious registration fees the weak point in the financial arrangements of the present Ministry. A deputation, specially ¡Appointed to oonfer with the Treasurer and the Commiasionor of Trade and Customs, has pressed tho memorial of the chamber ou the attention of the Government, and, it is believed, not without Eenie effect on the financial projects of the comiag j ear. As the Houses of Legislature do not reassem- ble until November, it would bo premature to spe- culate on tho changes to bo made. It is oertatn, however, that the feeling of tho country is opposed to the shillings and changings in the Custom), retenues, which have always led to disastrous retults to the commerce of other colonies. The tariff of Victoria, has boen a simplo and a pro- ductive one, the duties being easy of colleotioa and the articles on which thoy are imposed, with the exception of opium, not being easily smuggled. The memorial of the chamber was to the folio sr ing effect : " 1, That your memorialists aro of opinion that the welfare and prosperity of the entiro commu- nity are moro or less indirectly involved in the general success of tho trading classes of the o i!ony, " 2. That to seoure this prosperity, your ma morialUts conceive it to be a wiso and politio aot to facilitate the operations of trade, and to avoid all measures which have the effect of acting as a hindrance, however slight, to legitimate enter- prise. "3. That your memorialists have ever regarded the imposition of registration fees on imports as inconvenient and impolitic; but experience has already demonstrated their unequal and oppres- sive bearing, and the impossibility, by any revi- sion, of rendering them acceptable as a means of adding to the revenue. In confirmation of this view, your memorialists would refer to the follow- ing extract from the speech of tho Chancellor of the Exchequer, in the House of Commons, on the introduction of his financial statement for the year:-'The penny upon imports into this country is a chatge which entails on the trade of the country an amount of labour far more than commensurate with the fiscal benefit of the im- post. I think there is no claim upon the ax chequer, when once it is in a oondition to yield to, any claim, which ought to take precedence of the claim which may be made for the repeal of this charco.' "4. That your memorialists are of opinion that the power reserved by the late Customs Amend- ment Act to the Governor in Council to.fix aal adjust the said fees from time to time, 'to vary the same as he shall see fit, is open to grave objections. Already has the list constituting units of entry been subject to such alteration that it is impossible to anticipate from week to week what may arise to baffle mercantile calcula- tion. " 5. That your memorialists would respectfully direct attention to the growing importance of our intercolonial trade. The diBtanoe of the port of Melbourne from the bay entails a charge upon both impoits and exports from which the ports of other colonies are exempt. To compote suc- cessfully with them, and to secure to Victoria the poaition of a general emporium for the adjacent colonies, it will be necessary to compensate for this disadvantage by so adjusting taxation as to cause it to press as lightly as possible on shipping and merchandise. " 6. That your memorialists, for the foregoing reasons, would earnestly press upon the con- sideration of the Government the desirability ot repealing so much of the late Customs Amend- ment Aot as relates to the imposition of registra- tion fees." The following is a statement of the trafilo re- turns of the Victorian Government lines of railway, and of the Melbourne and Hobson'« Bay Ballway, for the month of August : Pas- sengers. Total. I £ S d. Government Lines 110099 7 2 Molbourno and Hob-I son's Bay ??! 3112 8 6 & B. d. 1128113 4 228111 a £124 SU Tho Melbourne Railway Company and the Brighton Raliway Company havo ceased to issue returns. The first instalment of the season's clip of wool arrived in Melbourne on the 5th inst., and was delivered at the stores of Messrs. R. Goldsbrough and Co,, i consisting of twenty baies of washed fleece wool, from the station of Mr. J, P. Rowe, Terrick Terrick, on the Campaspe. We under- stand that several other lots are advised as on the way from the Castlemaine, Kyneton,Echuoa, and other districts. The first publio sale will be held in October, soon after the receipt of the English August mails. The following is a statement of tho stocks of dutiable articles in bond at the port of Mel- bourne on the 20th inst. :-Colonial-distilled spirits, 1,600 hhd. : brandy, 2,388f hhds,, 23,761¿ cases; rum, 1,358J hhds,, 381 cases; geneva, 29A hhdB., 71,600 red 1,907 green cases ; whiskey, 40Ó.Í hhds,, 6,761 cases; old tom, 303¿ hhds,, r>,%i cases; cordials, 1,912 cases; spirits of wine, 100 hhds. ; other spirits, 94 hhds., 3,134 cases ; wine, 3,643} hhds., 9,066*, easos ; bier, 3.117 hhds., 2,681 cases and casks ; tobácea, 15 hhds., 40 casks, 13 bales, 1 tierce, 3634 hilf tierces, 19 quarter-tierces, 60 kegs, 6,052 three« quarter boxes, 3,869 eases and boxes; cigars, 713 cases; snuff, 66 packages ; tea, 32,010 oheits, 15,011 half-chests, 7,122 boxes ; coffee, 175 ban, 372 casks, 204 barrels ; sugar, 62,447 bags raw, 44.042 packages ; molasses, 171¿ hhds. ; chicory, 413 packages ; opium, 39 chests, 151 packages ; dried fruits, 5 pipos, 183 barrels, 436 oases,4) hhds,, 1,822 boxes, 277 casks, 97packages; hop], 402bPogtet8,"U bRk8; Iî00' 1*O0Í UE«¡ n'A, The Customs returns lor the week elva ti,» imports nt the port of Melbourne at the 3ed»rM value of £220,210, and the expor'e at £D^flr,e,d the balance being in favour of the 7.tt_¡.t* /305.776. In the" following table,«, ' gjg und exports are given weekly f,r' tho current j ear side by side with the corresponde; «A-0* 18G1' t0gelha with lha Äp to Week ending. Aatch 1 8 Ipr 29 6 12 19 .. £6 May 8 Imports, July Aug. 2 Cept, 180,106 804,467 181,189 409,471 827,706 197,108 821,611 177,112 141,606 269,860 848,602 268,991 224,004 166,684 84,347 200,381 £00,121 265,763 801,067 ?84,809 134,274 172,614 149,896 193,472 181,700 125,201 949,833 202,800 847,430 420,660 (321,071 180,176 486,761 123,822 202,709 618,068 198,843 893,789 1632. & 143,220 411,276 167,805 266,860 476,621 171,765 267,602 296,959 249,010 195,938 810,912 217,678 203,641 880 229 213,760 121,942 2-4,402 247,473 95163 836,170 64.02P 241,786 873 8E6 122,040 167,040 225,840 120 797 197 801 898,768 185,267 461,278 169,784 819 265 207,220 454 046 242,875 147,484 220 210 76,209 869779 82,800 268,791 218, Ki 208,671 2 605« 108,227 578 619 171,93? 266,88' 184 370 68,(33 04 679 .10,2.9 66! 079 210,633 03,1171 419,130 121,891 TOO 6}? 45 647 213,431 117 714 88,621 05 784 626,9:6 9,304,483 I 0,256, .08 I 8,529 ill lsS'3 878 40,987 207,021 46,871 292,781 239,272 446 076 39,482 100,177 101,670 826 59J 217,2¡3 87,fc6t 188926 161,760 410 600 241,076 141,8(0 209,213 316,604 05,862 280,884 120'44 416 619 178,130 74,297 142 67? 401,696 During tho [former period, the uccount stood J has: Imports _ .£9,891,133 -Exports .. -, .. ., 8 629,481 Balance of In-ports over exports Suing the second period . Imports . -Exports . t.8.4 952 £9 268 403 8813 378 Ealanoe of Imports over exports .. £412,6:9 The ^nsohcncj Circular for tho mutith ol August contains a list of sixty-eight insolvents whose schedules were filed in Mclbuuriie, »nil of thirty- three insolvents whono schedules wiro hied in Geelong. Amongst those filed ni Al el bourne the crly prominent failure is that of J, Moo. ey, with liabilities to the extent of £!M,'il0, and SEtets stated at £15,000. The trade» aim callings Bey be thus divided:-1 auctioneer, I baker, 2 toardinghooso keepers, 1 bootmaker, ] i tower, 1 bricklayer, 2 butohtrs, 5 carptiitnc 1 ctvd engineer, 2 clerks, 1 coachmaker, 3 u uuuii-Bton agents, 1 contractor, 1 dairyman, o drapers' adjutants, 1 drayman, 3 farmirs, 1 iMdener, 2 general dealers, 1 horse breaker, 3 >utel and restaurant keepers, 1 licensed vutialler, 6 Jiibourers, 2 masons, 2 merchant*, 1 » ¡Der, 7 miners, 5 out of business, 1 sawyer, l-l i maker, 1 Bqua'ter, 2 storekeepers, 2 lins» ii L At the GeelongCourt the schedule of John lin 11 er states Ile liabilities nt£11,4^7, the asset« m i itiurned. ïbe trades and cnlbngR are thus Mut ? -1 auc- tioneer, 1 baker, 1 blacksmith, 1 hia ii "chouse leeper, 1 bootmaker, 1 butefcer, 1 u luer, I carter, 1 coachbuilder, 1 draper, 4 ft miers, 1 firemaD, 1 greengrocer, llabounr, 1 ? treh-mt, 5 miners, 2 out of business, 4 publica I »chool rrritter, 1 settlor, 1 etoreke-epci, ' I i coman. During the month forty five oertilii ,* »ere crsnted, four were postponed, and th nfused. £ix assignments for the benefit of ne i n wera registered. Plans of distribution wn filed in twenty-one estates. A new work-a c elation of a very useful character-has been <. ned from the press, giving an alphabetical Iiit of each years insolvencies from the first sew Intd in 1842 to the end of June in this jres¿ i \ ar, and presents at ono view the dale, muiie- i»it>, resi- dence, stated liabilities and aisilt-, of li insol- vent; whether a certificate has I.HU , or been refused, or suspended; and m win -tuitb a dividend has been declared ; giving, < il«<, the rame of the official assignee to each e t .. The rublic asBignmentB of the colony in in 1854 to the end of Juno are also given in the volume, the semes being alphabetically arranged mi easy of «terence. The work is of great van. to the mercantile world hero, and is full cf n ereetin its testimony respecting one phase ol oui colonial history. I MELBOURNE WHOLESALE FK1CES CURRENT. The Argus Office, Wednehdnj Lieuing. We have to report a uuonth of ¡n'u vt trale j in our import maikot. The heavj ran, » mea hid 160 long continued at the dato of our I nt n port 'had scarcely ceased, and from fJ.i unproved I condition of the roads, and the 6U(KUI <.¿ of tha flooded creeks and rivers, rates of ui ¿a werj declining, when all country trade m a¿aii chocked by the report of a new ¡,</l« n ,1 haain^ been discovered in Now Zealond, À I « alwjyj been tho case on the report of new dij.,.,. - having teen found, without waiting to hate t ne»« authenticated a great emigrutiun at n, .-purred, und some 4,500 miners have tu) ti. itiur de- parture. By the last accounts, ho ur, tho intelligence was of a lees favouratilu i u.ia, and tbo exodus is in great mea*ure CIIKIHI'. Conn try trade has Buffered severely ; muli r, "lthou¿h generally low in stock, have ngr.ii oteóme alarmed at the preparations for «c|i. n ts, and purchase but sparingly, the busi/., of the wholesale houses is consequent!) ci , < ii, and inquiry deadened in the imporlmnrU'. liusir.eEi, although dull, is in a hoaltbj confín' , boîtiers uro firm, and show no disposition t ictj tho markets, and where tho prices will 11 Hy rea- sonable advances on cost and chura .nudrair their goods. The intelligence bron^l i i Hie last European moil bad but little effect, J hi con- tinued moderation in shipments, li di are, however, quite adequate to the eui.»ad, ii looked upon IIB satitfuctory. The i > -i^ct of improvement in markets, or the reici ., < -pends to much on the extent of the deparfu .. nir New Zealand, that it is difficult lo fo. r u hoir prices will rule. At any rate, to. i. ml> cau- tion as to tho limits of shipments finn, ne home market cannot bo exercised. Witlulie t r. inarki, wo proceed to more detailed partícula» fis io the present condition of tho import inarki : Ale and stout, in bulk, and the latUr m bottle, have continued ia steady request ; priiis hare ¿lightly varied as supplies have come 'o h.ii.d, but no change of importance has oceurrw, Bottled ales, although slightly in moro inqiui), are still in but limited demand, and no buprMiinent in value has occurred. Quotations aie «" follow : Ale.-Bass's No. 3 (new), £9 10s. to X1112s. 6d.; Allsopp's, £9 Sa. ; other Burton tri nu.-', £8 to £810s. per hhd. ; Joule's Stone, IIS 15-, to f 9 ; Ttnnent's,£710s,per hhd. ; Byass'« Untied, 9J. lo 9s. 3d. ; London and ColonialOonip»iiy'a. 9s,; AllBopp's, 9s. ; other bottlers', 8¿. lo Si 61. Stout. \- Btst brands, £615s. to £7 ; other lira- aers', £6 to £6 10s. per hhd.;-Byass's bottled, 10-. 3d. to 10s. 6d.; London and Colonial Con pu \'*, 10s. to 10s. 3d.; Barclay's porter,battit. b> Fuend, quarts, 10s. 3d. ; other bottlers', 8«. to 9s. 61 per dozen. Bags and Saoke.-Three-bushel sacia continua in very limited demand. The oonitimMf meut of cheep shearing has oreated moreinouuy fur wool- packs, but inquiry ¡B not as yet very bruk. Quota- tions »re :-Woolpacks, 5s. to Gi. 3d. ? »ch ; three- , bushol sacks, 12>, to 12s. Gd. per dozen ; gunnies, 7F. 9d, to 8s. per dozen. Butter.-The moderate amount of.shipment! and the long-cpntinued cold ano nu weather ïiave been very favourable for imponed parcela ; piices have boen well suttainid, and sales readily effected, The setting in' of fine weather sind a large increase in the supply of colonial made have reduced the price of imported, and newly-landed double-rose Ccik cannot Pe quoted at abovo Is. 6d. per pound, with evert prospector »further decline, - - Candles have shown no improvement whatever ; the greater portion of shipments Btrite out oj condition, and being placed by auction without M>y reserve, materially affeot the value and che« ILe sale of sonnd parcels. Stocks of loieign-mada are considerable, and have been »uunepted BJ late arrivals ; and prices, with the ¡neitating us» of .the various sorts of low-prictd oil»-, show no tendency towards advance, Quolsiiuiis are: Neva Btearine, 13id. ; Belmonte, lüjd. to 12Jd.; B ale's and Oglcby's, 12d. to 12Jd. j« r lb. Canvas remains of limited Bale, »t «i»1'^1 Îiices. Quotations are:-Navy, bett, lojd, ti ia. ; medium, 10¿d. to lid. pcrsaid. Cement has undergone n01 alteration, and is still in very moderate inquiry ; and the manutsc ture of this article being ertaiiiehid here, there is no prospect of improvement in the veins ot Imported sorts. Roman cenifnl is quoted " 12s" and Portland^ nt from lCs. to 10-. <><.. P" barrel. , , ... Coals.-Tho increasing supplies of coioni« coads bave rendered the market independent oi ebipments from Europe, and prices of the latte; cannot be quoted at more than the value oí ¡>m colonia), say,from 36s. to 37s. per ton. .. Confectionery remains in fair demand for Binni assortments. BeBt descriptions are quoted « from lid. to 11 jd. per J b. . ?". Cordage. -Europe rope is still in light inquiry, for ManÜl», for shipment, thert> baa been *}*M ''demand. Sewing twine of ready tale. Q«T*" I ¿ésï are -Europe rope, £30; Russian rope, £39 ?.£40: ooir rope, £30 ¡Manilla rope (assorted ^í) ¿49 to £50 per ton. nlvi*.-There is but little alteration to rop.r; 'nthevaluo of the articles comprised under this tod. Opium is in very modorato demand, aal ."' iV-iber easier in price. Soda crystals firmer, bat *' 'dill in limited request. Carbonate of. soda and iirlarte acid dull of sale. Quotations aro: ? Omura, Tatna, £270 per chest, duty paid ; pro- rated 20s. to 30s. por canister ; Boda orystals, M to ¿9 Wa. ; soda ash, £13 to £1310s. per toa ; «ilpbur Hour, 20s. to 21a. per owt. ; carbonat) ; 'jj 17s. to 18a. per owt. ; tartaric acid, 2s. ' Cd per lb. ; cream of tartar, Is. Gd. per lb. ' Full, Dried and Salted.-Inquiry continue) ; ,jiy moderate, and sales are materially interfor.il Í tith by the better arrangements which havo bo.a ! -j,oe for tho suppltos of fresh fish. Ling fish is ..oled si from 4jd. to.4jd. per lb. for prime. j jlerrinRS dull of sale. Flour and Grain.--There has been scarcely on 7 j {actuation in the prices of I hose articles ; doman 1 liabeen steady, and mostly confined to trade re J noiiements. During the last few days flour and iheathavo been in rather improved inquiry, but sittout alteration in value. Oats are ia fair re . j quest, and stocks working down ; the very undo supplies of maize, however, fron Sydney, keep prices at present from n-t Tanctng. Barley ia in but littlo demand, wd at ¿bo malting soason will shortly terminate, io improvement on present rates is likely to ensue. Malt a lo slightly improved demand, but price) still rufo very low, and do not appear likely to nuke any advance of consoquence. Quotations ue as follow .--Flour- Tasmanian, £13 to £14; Adelaide, £14 5s. to £14 10a., superfino, A6¡ Californian, £13 to £13 10a. par ton. Wheat-Colonial, 5s. lOd. to 6s. ; Adelaide, fe, Id. to Oa. 3d. ; Californian, Ös, lOd. to 6s, perbu.hel. Oats- Irish and Scotch, 5s. 8J. to5i. M, j Californian,Gs. 4d. to6s.6d. ; colonial, 6*. 8L to 6s, 10d. per bushol. Barley-Malting, 6s. G1. lo fa, ; feeding, 4*. Gd. to 4*. Od. per bushol. lillie. Syd ney-grown, 4s. Gd. lo 4s. 9J. par Itr- hel. ¡Halt, d. p., dd. Ai. to 9s. 6d. Gram, £13 10i, per ton. Bran, Vs. 4d. per bushel. Sooioh oitmeal, £16 to £20 ; colonial, £35 per ton. flops remain ia limited demand, and dull of «de. Quotations «re :-Kent and Sussex, 18GÏ, jj, lid. to 2s. ; 1SG0, Is. 3d. to Is. 6d, Groceries.-The market for coffee ha? becotna dull j as the summer advances consumption tutiilly declines, and prices become easier. Dur ¡ijthelast week parcels of both Ceylon and Jaw ictts have been offered by auction, but tin .older« seeking very full rates, sales were no; effected : the offers modo f.-r good ordinary plantation were from lOjd. to lOJd. pur lb., duty piid, The cargoes of tens of the new crop, ai jet arrived, have been submitted to tho trade b/ auction, but the prices offered havo not mot tin views of importers, and the greater portion have teen withdrawn. The sales cfTectod have con tilted of ordinary quality congous, and rangal ¡tom about Is. 2d, to Is. 6d. per lb., in bond. Sugars are somewhat easier in price, but holders de sot press sales; rates, however, aro unlikely tondronce, although tbera seoms no probability of »ay material decline. Rico has comimir-d ia moderate demand; to-day, the parcel of Pata* ii Kate Waters was offered, and a portion dis- posed of at £24, duty paid, being a declino oE about 45s. per ton on lato rates. Quotations ara u follow:-Coffee (in bond)-Ceylon plan> »lioD, lOld. to lid, ; nativo, 7;,'d. to 8jd. ; Java, 7Jd. to 8f d. per lb. Sugar(duty paid)-Cossipore, Jin, 1, £47 ; Mauritius, low to Uno yellow, 33s. to 38),; low to fine brown, 26s. to 30s. Gd, por owt. Eso-Patna, £2410a. to £25, d. p., per ton. Tea Ordinary low to fine congous, Is. 6d. to 2'. lOd, per lb. ; scented orange pekoe, 2s. 6d. to 2s, 61. do,, duty paid. I Hardware and Ironmongery.-There has boea «slightly improved demand, but of insufficient dient to influence prices, which remain without «hange. Metals.-Morowood and Co.'a andTuppor's cor- rugated iron is in reduced stocks, and very sale »ble at fully quoted prices. Zinc also is scare 3, »id in good demand. Tin-plates are improving, and likely further to advance). Sheet load well supplied, and somewhat dull of sale. Quota- tions are :-Morewood's patent corrugated gal ranited tinned, 24 and 2G gauges, £3U per ton ; Morewood's corrugated galvanized, No. 2, or un- turned, £34 do. ; Tupper's do., £34 do, ; Hamil- ton's or other English maker's, £33 do..; Scotoh. £S0do.; Morewood's galvanized tinned plain, 26 and 28 gauges, £38 do, ; Tupper's, or other Eng- lish maker's, £35 do. ; Scotch do., £35 do. ; rod and bar, best Staffordshire brands, 11 Bli, £10 do. ; do., Scotch, £9 10s. do. ; plate, £12 do. ; sheet, assorted, £14 do, ; anglo and T, £13 do. ; hoop, £12 do. ; pig, £4 to £4 10s. do. ; Swedish, no sale, Lead-Pipe, assorted sizes, £27 to £28 do.; sheet, milled, assorted, £27 do. ; shot, assorted, £32 do. Quicksilver, 2B. 3d. per lb. Steel Blister. £2 5s. per owt. ; cost, £2 10a. do. Tia -Block, Is. 6d. to l8, 9d. per lb. ; plates, ohw ooil, IO, plates, charcoal, IX, 20 per cont. ad- vance. Wire-Fenoing, black, £13 10s. per ton ; galvanized, Nos. 1 to 5, £18 do. Zinc-Boiled, üght, £35 do. ; do. nails, £2 8s. to £2 10s. per owt. Oilmen's Stores.-Improved supplies hav3 tended to rendor prices somewhat, easier, arid demand has also declined. Orders from Na* Zealand are, however, looked for, and holders are indisposed to accept of lower than quoted ra.-n, «hich are given as follow :-Blue, thumb, 10¿ I. lo lid. per lb. ; currie powder, quarts, 13s. t > Ms. per dozen ; fruits, bottled, quarts, 10s. 'id. do. ; jams and jellies, lib. tins, 10a. 3d. to IO j. td. do. ; lobsters, lib, tins, American, 8s. do. ; macaroni, 8d. por lb, ; vermicelli, white, Naples and Genoa, 7d. do,; mustard, ia bulk, No. 2, 8.d. do.; do., in lib. bottles, li.. Gd. ti 12s. per dozen ; do,, in ¿lb. bottles, 7s. do. ; oatmeal, £25 per ton; oysters, preserved, lib. tins, 18s. per dozen: do., 21b. tins, 21s. do.; pickles, quarts, 10s. do. ; do., pints, 9s. G ii. to ils. 9 J. do.; salad oil, pints, 13s. Öd. to 14s. pjr dozen ; do., half-pints, 7s. Gd. do,; salmon, pre- served, lib. tins, 16s, to 16s. Cd. do, ; sardine«, halvcs.l 9s. 6d, to 10s, do,; quarters, Gi.Gd. do.; lau eos, assorted, half-pints, 8s. do. ; do. Worcester- shire (Lea and Pernn's), 12s. to 12s. Gd. do. ; starch (Colman's), 5¿d. per lb. ; vinegar, browa ' (Champion's 24), Is, lOd. per gallon ; do., conoan trated, quarts, 9s, to 10s, per dozen ; A hito wino, Is. Gd. per gallon. Oils, Paints, &o.-In; Chinese and colza oil J there has been speculative purchases; tho formar is nearly all in second hantfs, and is hold for 4s. per gallon. The late sales were effected at ¿i, 7¿d. for Chinese and 5s. 4d. for colza. By auction kerosene has been placed at from 3s. to 3>. 7d., and painters* benzole, 4s. Gd, Turpantina ii still light in stock. Paints and colours romaia dull of sale. Quotations are :-Linseed oil, raw, 4s, 9d., boiled, 5s. ; Chinese, 4s. ; kerosene, 3s. Sd. to 4s. ; colza, 5s. 4d. ; turpentino, 10s. Gd. ta i 11s. per gallon. Whitelead, 36s, to 38s. ; rodlead, 28s. per owt. Provisions.-Demand has continued steady ; and, although supplies have come forward, tria previous bare condition of the market otused a «peedy clearnnco of the arrivals, and the support of prices. Colonial-made hams and bacon aro, however, oomlng forward in increased quantities, and will interfere with the value of importe 1 sorts. Primo parcels of cheese are readily saleable. Mess pork still ia modera.a supply, and wanted. Quotations are its follow :-Bacon- Vatoy's, 13d. ; Sinclair's, 13J, to 13¿d. ; Compton's, 12jd. to 13d. Hams -Varey*s, Is. Id. to Is. 2d. ; Sinclair's, Is. l.Jd. to Is. 2d. ; Cumberland, lid. to Is, per lb. Cheese -DoubleGloucester, Is. Id.; Wiltshire, Is. to la. Id. : Cheshire, Is. Id. ; Gouda, 7¿d. to BJ. per lb. Pork, Irish mess, £5 per barrel; beef, £4 per tierce. Salt is in limited demand, and prices, notwith- standing coming supplies, tolerably steady. Spirits.-Tho best brands of brandy aro in fair demand, at firm prices, and oonBiderablo sales of low case sorts havo been effected at quoted prices. In other spirits there has been rather lees activity, and prices are ecarcoly so firm, Large supplies of Genova have como to hand, but the steady consumption keeps prions tolerably well sustained. Quotations are :-Spirits (ii bond)-Brandy, Martelfs dark. Ils. 9J. to 12s', ; pale, 12s. per galton ; Hennessy» do,, Ha. 6d. to 10s. 9d. per gallon; palo, 12s. ; Otard'a, I0f. 61. tolls. 9d. do. ; United Vineyard Proprietors' do., 10s. 9d. ; Champagne Vineyard Proprietors' Com Ïany's do., 10s. 9a. ; palo, 11s. do. ; Viuegrowers', 0.. 9d. do. : othor brands, do., 5a.to 8i. Gd. do. ; pale, Marten's or Hennessy's, 30s. to 31a. por doze i case ; do. United Vineyard Proprietors', 29). do, : Vinegrowers', 26s. do. ; Champagne Vine- yard Proprietors' Company's, 2us. to 27s. do. ; Clouzoau's, 24s, do. Geneva- JDKZ or ko y brand, 12s, Gd. per four-gallon oaso; do., do., 7s. per half-case ; do., other brands, 10s. to 11s. Gd. per case. Gin-London old'tom, bes 5 brands, 2s. 6d. per gallon ; do., do,, 13s. 6d, ti 14s. per dozen. Rum-East India, 20 to 30 o.p., la. Gi, to 2s. 3d. per gallon ; West India, IO t J 12 o.p., 3s. 4d. to 3s. Oct. do. ; do., 20 to 30 o.p., 3s. 6d. to 3s. 3d. do. Whiskey-Irish, Mohan's, 4>. lOd. to 5s. do. ; Scotoh, best, 5s. Gd. do. ; do., best brands, 14s. per dozen case. Timber.-There has been an improved demand for most descriptions, but prices havo undergone bnt little change. Sales by auction of consider- able naroola of deals, flooring, &c;, havo been lately made, but having been chiefly sold with all faults, do not alter quota- tions, which are as follow :-Baltic rod de*'*, 11 x 3, 7id. to 7Jd. ; 9 x3,- 5Jd. to 5|<L : Oregon timber, £9 to £12 per 1,000ft. ; hard* pino, T. and 0" lia,, £12 to £13 per 1,000ft. ; Scotch flooring, 6xl¿, 13s. to 13s. 3d. per 100ft. Tobacco.-Mr. W. Kent Halt supplies the io! lowing report :-" Since the arrival of the mail this market has been more active, and a general disposition shown to purchase good Bound lots at reasonable rates. The views of holders are toa high to permit large parcels of twist or cavendish be quitted for speculative purposes j at the same tune, in the aggregate a considerable quantity has ohanged bands during the past fort- night. Of the stocka in bond in Sydney and , J I Melbourne, fully one-fifth is of very inferior quality, and would only be accepted, could our imports be supplemented as in previous years, as ordinary sheepwash tobacco. Until these lower grades are disposed of, either by export or uted for mixing purposes, the market will be more or less depressed, as holders aro constantly forcing them upon the market. The Virginia plug sheepwash (destroyed) tobacco tfas been bought up, and as tbe quantity only equals one-fourth of the usual season's requirements, prices have advanced to 15d. per lb. No imports can arrive from the States in time for uso thlBi Îear, as the only additional vessel advised of per act mail was the Indiana, with 23,0071b. of caven« dish. A shipment of leaf tobacco, ex Kate Waters, From Calcutta, was offered at auc'ion to-day, but did not meet with buyers at limits supposed to be 6d. (duty 3d.) : tho leaf hue originally been good, but the bulk has been carelessly handled, and is much broken, otherwise might have been suited for cigar purposes, for fillers, with a small proportion of wrappers. Recent importations of twist from the States are very inferior. It is to ho hoped that they may succeed in making a letter article in the Northern Slates, otherwise > ix months hence the colonies will be bare of it. Sales have been effeoted at the following rates : \- Balfes, good, 3s. 3d. to 3s 6d. ; tens, inferior, 2P. 8d. to 2s, lOd. ; do., good, 3s. Twist-Emeu, le. Id.; St. George, 5¿. 5d.; Black Diamond, 5s,; Star and Garter, 4s. 7d, to 4s. 8d. ; Virginia Belle, 4s. 8d." In wines, transactions havo been unimportant, with tho exception of ordinary quality ports, v hich havo been placed to oomo extent, at about Z27per pipo, in bond. Sherries are in limited r'iniand ; and for light wines tho season has beon 1 iiberto unfavourable, and but little has been telling. MELBOURNE MARKETS. WEDNESDAY, SEW. 24. TBK MILLS.-Millers report a steady trado at unaltered prices. Quotation eare :-Fine Hour, £14 to £14 10s. ; oatmoal, £35 per ton ; bran, le. 4d, ; wheat, 5s. lOd. to 6s, per bushel. RETAIL MARKETS.-Butchers' Meat.-Beef, 4c'. to 6d. per lb. ; mutton, 3d. to 5d. do. ; veal 7d. to 3d. do. j pork, 8d. to 9d. do. Poultry. TuikcyB, 8s, to 12s. each ; geeso, 7s. to 9s. each; ducks, 8s, to9s. per pair; fowls,6s, to 7s. 6d. do.; tabbita, 5s. to 6s. per brace; butter, fresh, 1«, 3d. to Is. 6d. per lb. ; eggs, Is. 2d. to Is. 3d. per dozen; bacon, Is. ; hams, 1B, Id. to Is. 31. per lb.; bread, 8d. the 41b, loaf. HAY MARKET.-The supply has been»modo lite, butquite[equal to the demand; prices, boy ever, are unchanged, and sales have been offec ed at last week's prices, which are quoted as lo1. low :-Best hay, £11 lös. to f 12 10s. ; inferior sud second, £9 to £11 ; straw, £6 to £6 10s. per i ton. EASTERN MABKET,-The market was fairly mpplied with all descriptions of seasonable vege- tables, poultry, and dairy produce. Demand was tolerably bruk, and prices ruled as fellows :-Vegetables.-Asparagus, Is. 6d. to Zf. per 100; beet, Is. per doz, ; bouquets, 9<. to 12K per dozen; do. orange blossom, it. Cd. to 3a. per dozen ; cabbages, 3s. to 5s. per dozen ; car- iéis, Is. to Is. Gd. per dozen bunches ; cauliflowers,1 Cr. to 10s, per dozen; celery,lu. to 4s. per dozen ; tices, water, Is, per dozen bunches; leek«, It. to In, Cd, per dozen bunches; lettuce, Gd. to '¿u per dozen; marjoram, 9d, to Is, per' dozen lunches; mint, 9d. to Is, per dozen bunches; trions, dried, 6d. to 8d, per lb. ; onions, green, Is, to Is. 6d, per dozenbunches ; parrley, Is. to Is. Gd, per dozen bunches; peas, 4ÎI. per lb. ; jolalocs, ils, to 10s. perewt. j potatoes, joung, 2Jd. to 3d, per lb.; radish, 9d. per dozan hutches ; rhubarb, 3s, per dozen bunches ; cage, Is. Gd. per dozen bunches-, seakalo, 2s, per dozen buncheB ; spinach, 3d. per lb. ; Bprouts, -Id, to Is, Gd. per dozen ; thyme, 9d. per dczon buschen ; turnips, 9d. to Is. 6d. per dozen lunches; black Spanish radish, Is. Gd. per e'ezen ; silver beet, 2s. per dozen bunches. Fruit.-Lemons, Is. per dozen. Dairy Produce. \- Butter, Is. 4d. to li. 6d. por lb. ; ducks, 6s, to 7c j-erpair; eggs. Is. 2d. to Is. 3d. per dozen; ¡¡(etc, 10s, to 12a. per pair ; hens, 6a. pet pair ; pigeons, 2s. 6d. per pair; pork, 8d. to 9d. per lt.; rabbits, 4s. to 5s. per pair; turkeys, Mi, to 16s, per pair ; bacon, Is. per lb. ; ham, 1B. to Ir. 3d. per lb. WOOL, TALLOW, HIDES, &O.-Messrs.; J. fl. Cough and Co. furnish the annexed report ¡ " Wool.-Since our last report on the 25th tilt., per Madras, the weather has become settled, nud i hearing operations are commencing pretty generally throughout the country, but moro par- ticularly in the northern districts. Vfo have already received into our stores some small tareela of the new clip. It is not, however, pro- bable that any ealcB will take place until the sirival of the October mail from Europe, by which timo the quantity brought into town «iii be sufficiently large to induce the necessary coni Titition, and when tho market value can he i ti tier determined on the basis of the July sale*, j Ile improved weather has been availed of for the drying of scoured wool, and eenie enn (iderablo shipments havo gone forward. Tau trott important ram salo of the season is . faed to take placo at our alores on tho 10th and lilli of next month, when upwards of 250 lots «ill bo offered, embracing very choice apecimena of the pure Itambouillot breed, as well as som i mímala from tho flockB of Herr Homeyer, Burna Schachten, Herr von Nothusius, Herr Steiger, »rd tho Messrs. Swaine. The importance at tscbrd by our flockmnsters to the acquisition of undoubtedly pure blood for introduction in'.o Ibrir flocks continues to bo recognized, and n kftn competition is expected at the forthcoming tule. The Customs' olcarancos have been : -Fron Augi>8t23to September 19, 104,45Slh. ; vahu, 47,765; add previous shipments from October 10, 1861, to August 10, 1862. 15.763,0521b. ; vaine, £1,155,922. Total, 15,8G8,U0lb. j value, ¿1,103,687. The following ship bag olonrod willi ».ool since our last, viz. :-September 17, Great Britain, 732 hiles on boairl ; a'd pieviouB shipments, from October 10, 1861, 64,631 boles. Total, 85,303 bales. Tallow. -There is a good inquiry for tallow, and any lots coming forward aro readily disposed of. Tallow in good shipping order is now realizing for beef and mixed £40, at which price we have sold. Mutton for local use may be quoted at from £12 to £44, at which prices we have sold sovcral lots during the past week, Tho only shipment during the month is per Great Britain, viz,, ten cask«. Bides.-No sales have taken place for sbipmeur, itally the whole bcing_ shipped on eurer»' ac- count, and tho market is now cleared by recent tlipmonts. Good town-cured hides in shipping otdcr are worth 13s. Gd. Sheepskins are worth from Bd. to 8¿cl. per lb. Few, however, are offering for ibipmcnt, thebulkbeing purchased for fellnlongoi ing." M essrR. B. GoIdBbrougb and Co. report no fol- lows:-"Wool.-Since our last report thoro has tuen very little business doing in wool, with the exception of a few small lots of scoured and bfcndwashcd, which we have placed ut rate» ¡ varying from Is. 2d. to Is. lOd. per pound, j according to condition and quality. The first parcel of the now dip waB received into our ware- houses on the 16th inst., consisting of 20 bales washed fleece, from the ntation of Mr, J, P. I Rove, and since thon wo have received ooveral other lots, all of which appear in good condition and well got up. Our opening sale will be held about the 15th October ; and wo trust by next mail to givo reliable quotations of iho pro- bable range of prices during the season, which will in great measure bo influenced by tho result of the July and August sales in London. The only clearance of the month has been tho Great Britain, for Liverpool, with 732 bales, which, added to previous shipments, makes a (roes toial, ire m October 25,1861, to date, of 8-1,053 bales. Bidts.-We have enraged freight nor Omar Fal ha for a large parcel, which is to be shipped on curers' account, there being little or no en- quiry for shipment.' Continued unfavourable adrices from the English market prevent any business being transacted unless at much lower ratet than curers at present appear inclined to accept. Tallow.-Inquiry continues brisk, and iitrjilj being limited, prices are firm. We quote lui, ¿35 to £38; mixed, £36 to £38 10s.; and mutton, £40 to i'44 per ton." IABOUB MABKOT.-There is a tolerably fair den'tnd for nearly all descriptions of labour, and talri of wages remain very steady. Married ccvples {unencumbered with yoimg children) mo in irquiry for tho country. Farming men DI, owing to tho season of the year, in but limilfd irquiry, but for labourers for rough coi nlry work and mon for Btations a tolerably fair inquiry exists. There has been inquiry for i bearers, but the requisite hands aro mostly en iccrd, and in town the demand has ceased. Jil ric domcBticsofaUolacses are still in very light injiicst. Female servants, more especially thosa peí HledwithreppcctftBlorefercne.es as tochnracter arid ability, aro readily engaged. The following rt( ti o current rotes of wages, variations being oo csflonally madotomcetp&Tticular; cases:-Married ccujlrs, with families, £60 to £55 per annum : with- out children, £65 to £60 do. ; gardeners, £40 to if Ode. ; grooms, 15s. per week ¡shepherds, £30 pu j car ; hutkeepera, £20 to £25 do.; general farm iiivV.nls, 15s. per week; ploughmen, 20s. do. ; lullci.li-drivers on road, 20s. do. ; do. on farms ard Mations, 15s. to 17s. Gd. do. ; mon cooks, for finnis and stations, 20s. to 25s. de. ; cooks, for bcttlt, from £1 10s. to £2 do. ; waiters, 20s. ti 3CE. do. ; female cooks, from £35 to £60 per vtnr ; general servants, £20 to £25 do. ; nurso iraicp, £15 to £20 do. ; Imindrespes, £25 to £30 ¿o. ; housemaids, £20 to £25 do. ; parlourmaids, £20 to £25 do. ; carpenters. 8a. to 10a, a day ; teutons, bricklayers, blacksmiths. 8s. to 10s. do, : pick-and-sbovel men, 5s. to 6s. do. ; carters ana ? tore labourers, 35s. to 43B. a-week; quan-ymen, U. to 9s. per day ; fencers, 2s. 3d. to 2s. Gd. rod; splitting posts and raits, 20s, to 25s. 7tr 100. SEAMEN'S WAGES,-The rates of wages con»' linne without change, £4 per mon'h being still the current rate for seamen for all voyages. Bunds are, however, ecu ce, and ships for distant vtjeges cannot readily procure crows. CARTAGE.-Notwithstanding tho fear of a Îii el able departure of a large number of miners or the diggings of New Zealand, there has boort a fair amount of loading forwarded to tho country districts. Teams aro, howsvor, by no means plentiful ; and, induced by the reported enormous prices of loading from Dunedin to the Dunstan gold-field, many teamsters have chipped their horses and drays and sailed for New Zealand, so that rates here'are fully supported, and likely to be maintained ; but being in nearly all cases a matter of agreement, no reliable scale of rates can be given. IMPORTS ! At the Port of Melbourne from tho 16th August to the 13th September, 1862, compared with the ; corresponding period of 1861. ' agricultural Im piemonte Alkali-Soda, tons Apparel and slops Ammunition Fuse, caps, ÍM.. Powdor 8hot, ton» Arms Arrowroot, lb. .. lags and sacks .. lark, tons I cor Jiottled.. Draught Biscuit, tons Blankets andwool lcns Dooks Boots and bhooB. Bran, bushels . Bricks Bath .. Bulking, Ho. . Brushware Building mntorinls Butter, tons Csbbago ieo Candles, tons Cancllowlck Canvas Carpeting. Carriages', i.e. Cement .. Cheese, tons Chicory .. Cblnawaro Cluer Ccals, tons Cocoa and choco- late, lb... Coir ubre .. carta. Values. 4,018 778 51,600 615 2,815 170 1,255 82 14.607 19 202! 80,179 13,60; 4,104 65 864 2.987 243 *850 176 8,253 60 24,000 2,e41 45 7,004 559 422 20 19,667 1862. £ 766 1,389 24,541 162 1,0» 17,149! 22,666' 21,628 6,835 70,806 8,224 46 n 1,648 zi 10,181 2174 10 3,0.0 Quantities. 1801. ~67 1862\. , ~0i 80,es2 14.782 soil 60,046 ' 8.O001 ~68 "TB8 0,146, 6,281 ' 27.S47 ~6Z6i 6,0C0 9,4SI 86', 10,434 lia eso; 208,303 7,03t 1,066 1,618 871 8,08t 1,14 1,460 697 22,308 12,348 7,367 3,422 1,001 1.9Ö5 No. .. Horses, do. ilga, do.. Poultry.. Sheep, Ko. SÜ-C8 .. Dfga, Fo. Machlnory Marble .. Hatches lind vestas lints and rugs Meal Corn, toss Oat, do... Metal Yellow, tonB Millinery .. Ho'sBiei Nails and screws, tons Naphtha and cam. paine, gal«. .. Nets »nts CaiB Oil Black, gah, .. Cocoanut do. .. Colza, do. .. Kerosene, do... Ltnaeed, do. .. Olive, do. Sperm, do TJndesorlbed.do. Oilcloth .. Oilmen's atores .. Onions, tons .. Opium .. Paintings and en- gravings Points, Ac.. .. Papcrhangings .. Perfumory Photographie gooda ., Pipes-Tobacco .. Pitch and tar .. Plants and seeds.. Plato and plated ware .. Plumbers' waro Potatoes, tons PresorvoB.. Printing materials Provisions Preserved Baited, .. Quicksilver Hallway materials Keelo Eadillery .. E«RO, lb. .. Salt, tons.. Ehlpchanulcry Silks Eklns Elates, No. Soap. tons,, fipido Specimens of Na- tural History . Slices Spirits Brandy.. . Cordials Oin O twine. Perfumed Bum .. . Whiskey Undeaeribed . BpciKS .. tiarch and blue . Etatlonory Steel, tons Stone Building, tons. Mill .. Grmdetoaoi . Stoneware Sugar TsDow .. Te» Ttligrsphlo mate Timber- ' Seals, Ho. Latin, bundles. Pallon, No. . Flies & loes, do. Posts and ralla, do. .. Sawn, foot Ehlnglta, do. . Miscellaneous. Tin. Tinware .. . Tobacco .. Cigars .. »rrfl .. 2,601 6,901 12,310 0,287 6,100 7 81 B2; 12,887 Ü.241 42 \- 186 619 123 2,084 8,273 1,451 804 31 £34 4SI 1,640 2,067 221 Ífi9 M 8~829] 1,20a 800 8,203 6.13S 160 18,760 7? 2,£9i 286 2,801 246 466 660 1,565 60 3,622 416 163 2.0H 4 490 0,2411 20,227 !7t 2,634 100 . 4,014 91 2,100 12E 40.0GC 2,2CB¡ 80,117 eci 2,021 1,800 CC9 411 134( 8,812 1,006 1,080 460 ' ©7,204' 666 9,214 Ï5C 1,037 471 100 16,680 C1 4M 2.871 8* 10,621 02/ 7 SI7 1,11: 1,07; 1.0Ï01 1,706: 264,43 13,602 611 4,023 18,035 5.84? 1311 2,631 di 10 Ott ltytio 218 2187 5,006 416 27 2,363 25,124 6,a23l 1,212 1,261 080 11,049 8,190 1,066 610 1,816 CO 702 76 30 6,466 ~!0 1¡,¡ 930 2.110 348 2,148 126 8,867 14,736 760 7,372 4,569 1¡Í00 6 6,816 208 f.CIO 470 îr.Oïti 124 1,31t 867 SOa'-OC 110 8,707 186 117 8,081 6,198 429 ICO M 10,12t 413 78 366 80.098 6 30,004 110 820 290 1,076 1,600 60 1,441 9,511 8,114 IS 26,800 24 990 45, DOS 820 22,632 130 2,562; 88 1,000) S87 672 ß.106 1,630 6.0Í0 662 10.0C0 26,982 12,489 878 60,106 3 28,123 1,148 189.000 85 6,890 9,274 1,688,0401 45 7,109 8C6 160 16,816 2,10 15» 90.000 1,169 1,177,792 65,000 Quantities, TobaoconistB'ware Tools and utensils Toys and turnery. Turpentine and varnish, gala. .. Twine and thread, cwt. .. Vegotab.es, tons. Vinegar, gala. . Ti atcbceandclocks] Vi hitlngand chalk, tons t\ lckorware Wine W oodenware VooI,Ib... Zinc, tons.. V Iscellaneous EXPORTS. Asricultural im- plements -Wiall-Soda, tonB Apparel and slops! avrns and ammu nltlon Asphalts, tons .. arrowroot, lb. .. antimony ore,toni Sags and sacks .. Bark, tons Beor Bottled, gala... Draught, do. .. Biscuit, tons Black sand, tons -Blankets and wool' lens EoneB, tons Books Eoots and shoes.. Iran, bushels I ricks, Mo, Iroshware I tiUdhig mat críale, lutter, tons Candles, do. tanvaa .. Carriages, carts, ¿te. Casks, empty Cement, tons Choose, tons Chicory .. Oblnaware Coals, tons Cocoa and choco late, lb... Coffee Confectionery Copper, tons Copper ore, do. Cordage, tons Corks Cottons .. Cutlery .. Drapery .. Drugs ringglsts' -waro., Esrthcnware Fancy goods Fish Salted .. Preserved Hour, tons Fruit Dried .. Oreen, bushels Furniture and up holttery.. Glass Bottles .. Plate .. Window Class ware Cold, ounces Crain Barley, bushels. Mtlzo, busbels . Malt, do. Oats, bushels .. Uko Wheat, bushols Crindery .. Guano, tons Bair, cwt... Hardwaro and Ironmongery , Bats and caps , Bay, tons.. Bides, No. Bollowaro Borns and hoofs Bops, lb. .. Boslery .. lee, cwt .. Itclarubhor goods Instruments - Musical.. Scientific Iron and steol,tons¡ Jowollory.. lean, tons Leather, do. time, bushels live stock Cattle, No. Horses, do. Bheep, do. Machinery Hatches and vcBtas Hats and rugs .. Heal-Oat, tons. Ho tal, yellow, do, Willinory .. Molasses .. Kails and screws, tons .. tuts Oils gal. .. Oilmen's stores .. Opium Onions, tona Paints Paintings and en- gravings Paperhangings ., Perfumery Photographie goods .. ., Pitch and tar .. Pipes-Tobacco .. Plants and needs.. Plate and plated waro Potatoes, tjns .. Preserves Printing materials Provisions Preserved Salted, tons Quicksilver lall way materia s Ii cain taddicry .. Eago,lb. .. Salt, tons.. Shipchandlory Silks Skins Slate 8, No, Boap, tons Specie .. .. Bp eolmons of Natu- ral History .. Spices .. Spirits Brandy Cordials Oin Perfumed Bum .. Whiskey TJndcscribod .. Starch and bluo.. Stationery Stoneware Sugar Tallow, tons Tapioca, lb, Tea TentB and paulina Timber .. Tin.. Tlcwaro .. Tobacco .. Cigars .. Tobacconists' ware' Toolsand utensils! Toys and tumeryl Turpentine and varnish, gals... Iwino and thread, cwt. Vinegar, gal. Watchesatidclocks] Wine Woodenwaro Wool, lb... Zinc, tons . TJndetcrlbed 8151 218 4,634| 1,611) 627 1,081 2,260] 0e2 4,08! 17¡ 6,91b 831 27i 1,147 181 23,627 1,417 8 64 I.Í 344 409,850 1862. £ 874 81 2,548! 620 616 2,60t 8,494 476 10 12 ess; 018 1,35' 6,608 7' It 8,000; 0,428! i,r" 80,364 2,280! 460 89. 2,761 1.00C 77I 043' 265 770 793] 611 47 l631 841 7,940 484 190 Í.O70 116 810 808 198 124,811 74 112 07 3,637 1,775 6,300 2,000 2,200 8,770 4,392 807 1281 1,620 8,294 1,66V 1,600] 8,704 2,906 1,6.0 1,180 lil 2,616 03.6521 13.1 6,10.1 i,m\ 11,478 tar 78] 457 74,607 60! 878 1,829 1,612 227 85, 1,096 12 4,004 6,760 lsCoSS] 460 1,817 180 104 44,760 462 XfiU 2661 5,778' 1.0121 3,r 2.4C8I 7,588] 71,010' 7,097 26S| 2,268] 1,685 15,460 8,774 2. 0,005 10 2,640 87 311 15,0061 1017 43 7,765] 2,0061 19,190 70 6S9| 1,419] 04. 108 164,0481 802 94,153] 17 WOOL SHIP SAILED SINCE OUB LAST I SUMMARY. ' Btpt. leldreat Britain PASSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND BY, AND SINCE THE DEPARTURE OF, THBl AUGUST MAIL. AUQUST 26. Madras, s.S., for Point de Galle. For Ceylon : Captain Black, Messrs. Matheson, Harrison, J. A. Iluxtablo, and Dr. Jolly. For Madras : Mr, and Mrs. Spain. For Calcutta: Miss Waters.! Ftr Alexandria: Mr. Abrahamson. 8-tPTEMBBn l8. Great Brita in, P.e.. for Liverpool. Sir Charles! and Lady Cooper, Sir James Alexander, Mr, Justice Wrixon, Colonel Broughton, Majir Wtite, 40th Regiment; Captain Watson, R N. ; Captain Lucas, Mr. and Mrs. Maguire, infant, ana two servants ; Mr. and Mrs. D. 8. Campbell, Mr. and Mrs. Wilkins, Mr. and Mrs. Anderson and two children, Mr. and Mrs, Rose and four children, Mr. and Mrs. Farls, Mr. and Mrs. Jones, Mrs. and Miss Dawson, Mr. and Mrs.! Neville, four children, and servant; Mr, and MID. Connies, Captain Greig and two children: Misses Wray, Pond, White, Kilgour (two); Messrs. C. Cooper, Millar, Gill, Butler, J. W., Stawell, J. W. Cowell, Gilbert, 8. Fielding,! Whyte, Howoll, M'Cartney, E. Pohl, Oreswiok,; 8\. Joseph, H. Orbell, Hanwright, Hopkins.1 Ellis, Rsmsbottom ; and Mattera Healy and Jetes. I SHIPPING OF THE MONTH, j ! OUT OF MELBOURNK. AHMVAM AKD CLSAHJaHCHS BIKCH OOa LAST SUMIURT, IB., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da,, Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese : H., Hamburg ; N,, Norwegian ; 3., Swedish ; Sp., Spanten ; Bd., Sardinian ; Bolg., Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Praselan ; s" ship ; b., barque,' br., brig; se, schooner; st., steamer.] Aug. ABKIVBD, £6. Bella Marina, B. s., 504, II. Ellioir, Puget Sound.- Dickson, Williams, and Co. 26\. Indemnity, B. s., 653, G. Jenkins, London, \- Smith, Strachan, and Co, £6. Confidence, B s., 850, B. M'Neilly, London. -Josko Brothers. 27\. Atlantic, A. s., 73C, W. Williams, Now York. -Lord and Co. 27\. Vicar of Bray, B. br., 3G7, E. S. Babot, Wal- laroo, S.A., for repairs.-Captain. 27\. Beüuít, B. s., 1,400, H. T. Dickenson, Lon- don.-W. P. White and Co. 2D. Greyhound, B. p., 1,410, J. Jackson, Liver- pool.-Bright Brothers and Co. 30\. Blanche Moore, B. s., 1,879, J. Smith, Liver- pool. -Lorimer, Marwood,and Co. Sept. 1\. Constance, B. s., 1,200, J. M. Hewett, Swan- sea.- Bricht Brothers and Co. 4\. Fidelio, F. b., 370. J. Hanschild, Foo-Chow Foo.-Dalgety and Co. 8\. Bombay, B. s.u., 008, B. Methven, Point de Galle.-J. Sparkes. 9\. Jehu, B. s., C24, G. Liddlo, Leith.-Madar lan and Co. 9, Samuol Appleton, A. t., 784, J. Oagoed, New York.-Fisher, Bicards, and Co, 10\. Sirius, F. b.. 264, J. Mariot, Mouritius, Joshua Brothers. 10\. Nomade, J?, b., BOO, A. Marenandeati, Mauritius.-IIolmeB, White, and Co. 13\. Miranda, H.M. s. »., 16 guns, R. Jenkins, Sydney, 13, Manila, H.s., 444, J, Behrens, Gothenburg. B. and P. Turnbull, ond Co. IB. Tien Tun, B. b., 253, J. Jamur, Foo Chow Foo.-M'Culloch, Sellar, and Co. IB, Great Australia, B. s., 1CC0, J. Baker, Liver- pool.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. IB. Biuco, B. B., 1,110, B. M'Fie, Greenock. Holmes, White, and Co. 16\. Concorde, F. b., 509, A. Cangardel, Bor- deaux.-Curcier and Adet. 17\. Vrede, D. b., 469, J. L. tor Bruggtm, Botter dam.-Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 17\. KatoWaterB, B. b., 580, B. Duncan, Cal onttn.-Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 19\. Bunnjmedo, B. p., 055, J. JJ. Eickaby, London.-Joshua Brothers. 19, Giant'* Causeway, B. B,, 1,231, W. Bobortaon, London.-Bright Brothcrn and Co. £0. Koona Moona, B. s,, 1,123, C. Knight, Lon- don.-Michaelis, Boyd, and Co. £2. Olivier de Cherson, P. s,, 469, J. Lcfrano, Mnuiitius.-Fanninf, Nankivell, and Co. 23\. Elizabeth Ann Bricht, B. s., 1,723, Liver- pool.-Bright Brothers Bnd Co. Aug. CLEARED OUT. 27\. Alfred Lemont. A. s., 655, J. D. Murphy, Otago, N.Z.-Beid, Poole, and Co. 27\. Buena Vesta, A. s., 669, W. Ayres, Sydnoy. -Kong Meng and Co. 27\. Bubicon, B. ec" 198, W. Thompson, Shang- hai,-HolineB and Bussell. 27\. Victory, B. s., 786, J. H. Jones, Callao. Miller and Johnston. 28\. Moander, B. b,,377, K. Harvey, Shanghai. -Holmes and Russell. 28\. Theodor Dill, P. b., 434, P. A. Starok, Shanghai.-Schlostoin and Co. 29\. Netherby, B. B., 944, H. M. Halman, Point do Galle.-Dalgety and Co. 30\. Bacer, B. s., 742, J. B. Kennedy, .Calcutta. -Joshua Brothers. Sept. 1\. Mary B. Ray, B. b., 459, H. Green, Guam. -Woolley and Nephew. 3, Marion, B. b., 192, D. Fleming, Colombo. W. Nicholson and Co. 4\. Nor' Wester, A. e., 1,268, E. B. Almy, Sin Francisco.-Fisher, Bicards. and Co. 5, Planter, B. b., 231, P. L. Nevin, Guam. Captain. 6\. Birmingham, B. s" 1,409, O. Haro, Callao. Miebneiio, Boyd, and Co, 6\. Sfa Shell, A. b., 331, W. Howes, Otago. Beid, Poole, and Co. C. Scottish Chief, B. a., 1,052, J. Dennoby, Adelaide,-Smith, Strachan, and Co. 6\. Thalntta, A. s., 1,110, G. "W. Otis, Callao. Flower, McDonald, and Co. 8'. Exodus, B. s" 3,111, J. Williams, Callao. Captain. 0\. Bomb.vy, B. s.S., 608, K. Methven, Syd- ney.-J. Sparkes. 10, Boanerges, B. s.. 1.23G, J. C. Dunn, Otago. Geo. Martin and Co, 10\. Laughing Water, B. b., 223, C. Newman, Mauritius.-Woolley and Nephew. 10\. Twilight. B. s" 610, D. M'Cullum, Mauri tins.-M'Culloch, Sellar, and Co. 12\. Cassiterideg, B, b., 379, 8. Jenkins, Mauri- tius.-Woolley ana Nopbew. 13\. Fiore, F. b.. 265, - Grillet, Point do Galle. -Bligh and Harbottle. 33, Lightning, B. s.t 1,769, D. H. Johnston, Otago.-Bright Brothers and Co. 16\. C.ty of Melbourne, B. s., 1,828, B. Jones, Otago.-Bright Brothors and Co. 16\. Besult, B. 8., 1,465, H. T. Dickenson, Otago. -W. P. White and Co. 17\. Great Britain, B. s.S., 1,734, J. Gray, Livor fiool.-Bright Brothers and Co. ndimnity, B. a., 054, G. Jenkins, Guam. Smith, Straoban, and Co. 17\. Sea Breezo, A. b., 341, H. R.Urquhart, Otago. -Fisher, Bicards, and Co. 17\. West Wind, A. s., 1,071, G. N. Elliott, Baker's Island.-Kong Meng and Co. 18\. Acorington, B. B., 1,931, H. Christie, Olngo. -Hyam and Oo, 18\. Atlantic, A. 8,, 787, W. Williams, Callao. Lord and Co. 39, Confidence, B. s., 850, R. M'Neilly, Collao. -Josko Brothers, 39\. Dragon, B. b., 243, T. J. Sivier, Otago. Simpson and Nettley. 19\. Japanese, B. B., 792, T. Baird, Otago. Bright Brothers and Co. 19\. Souburg, D. B., 612, M. W. Zwart, Manilla. Cleve Brothers and Co. 20\. MistreBB of the Seas, 1,740, T; F. Harring ton, Otago.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 24\. Bella Marina, B b" 564, H. Elliott, Otago. -Reid, Poolo, and Co. 