HOME CORRESPONDENCE. fFrom our London Correspondent.] London, September 26. The Australian mail of July Yia Marseilles was received in London on tbe 13th uiBtant, and the other portion reached Southampton on the 18th. Although what politicians and editors call the" dead season" has now fairly set in, no newspaper reader can complain of the absence ot exciting news when all hearts are stirred by calamitous intelligence from Italy and America, and when in our own country theory of distress grows louder and louder, and the commission of great or strange crimes appears monthly to increase. The clouds of misfortune did, indred, appear to be gathering thick and dark over Italy a month ago, but we were not pre pared for tlie startlingly abrupt intimation of the telegram, " Garibaldi has been wounded and is a prisoner." It may be imagined how painful would be the sensation created by such news, and tbe journalists of England and France appeared to vie with each other in the expression of words ofgenerous pity for the devoted though mistaken hero, and not only so, but words of indignation directed against an ungrateful Italian Government, and a treacherous and selfish Emperor. For some days the public were without any details, but these have since come to hand. It seems that when General Cialdini heard of Garibaldi's landing in Calabria, he posted troops to cut him off from the mainland, and sent Colonel Pallavicino at the head of a force to Beggio, with directions that Garibaldi was *o be at tacked wherever he was, unless he accepted un conditional surrender. The great General had but 2,500 or 3,000 men, and only 1,500 had kept up with him in his severe mountain marches, when on the 28lh August he took up his position at Aspromonte. The next morning, before he could start afresh, Pallavicino was down upon him ; but, says Garibaldi himself, "They thirsted for blood, and I wished to spare it. 1 ran to the front of our line crying out to them not to fire, and from the centre to the left, where my voice and those of my aides de-camp could be heard, not a trigger was pulled. It was not thus on the attacking side. Saving arrived at a distance of 200 metres, j they began a tremendous fire, and the party of i Bersaglierl who were in the front of me direct ing their shots against me struck me with two balls, one in tbe left thigh, not serious, the other in the ancle of the rigbt foot, making a serious wound." Garibaldi was, in fact, utter ing the words, "Do not lire," when the bullets struck him, and then standing up upright, in a majestic attitude, he waived his hat and raised the cry, " Long live Italy!" and then he was carried to tbe rear unable to do more. It was not wonderful that, under such circumstances, gome of tbe Garibaldiang did fire^ hut the affair wa3 soon over, and but few were either killed or wounded on either side. The Gari baldians were soon disarmed, and were re moved first to Scylla and then to Spezzia, the request of the General that he might be allowed to proceed to England being refused. 3Tor some days intense anxiety prevailed in England a6 to the character of Garibaldi's wound and the treatment he was receiving, and a Committee in England commenced a subscription to send out an English surgeon, who might, if need be, rescue him from doctors likely to kill him, as they are believed to have done Cavour. Above £700 has been raised in I a few days, and Professor Partridge, accom ! pauied by Mr. P. A. Taylor, M.P., has gone to Spezzia. The intelligence they have sent over to this country is much more satisfactory than , was expected. He is well treated, instead of I being neglected, as was at first reported, and, after probing tbe wound, Mr. Partridge finds no trace of a ball, but thinks that it cut through the muscle and, tendon achilles, and forced its way out through the cleft muscles. His fever has abated; he is able to sleep, and he is marvellously placid. Although, there for^ his recovery will be slow, there appears to be no ground for alarm as regards his life or health. A great blessing that for Victor Emmanuel; for had the Liberator's life been sacrificed, what would the King's crown have been worth ? But though spared the greater danger, the Italian Government is, in consequence of this event, beset with difficulties. Will Garibaldi and bis followers receive an amnesty ? At first it was assumed, as a matter of course, that they would. Then it was asserted that Cialdini and the military disciplinarians insisted on hie j being brought- to trial, and the proper tribunal became matter of discussion. Now, says a - Turin letter of the 17th instant:—"All sane men here are still perfectly convinced that the Garibaldi trial will never take place, and the wonder only is why the Government should deem it worth while to play on so silly a farce any further. The intelligence is to-day that only Garibaldi and nine or ten of his chief accomplices arc to be tried, and that a general amnesty will be granted- to the multitude of his followers." Instead of the capture of the great guerilla chieftain having put the Soman question on the shelf for a while, the agitation has received a great, impetus, and both the Kalian King and the French Emperor are regarded as being on their trial, lu France the press is, almost without exception, and, as far as it dares, dead against the Emperor, and in favour of the early evacuation of Home; while in England there are being held daily large public meetings to express sympathy with Garibaldi, to hurl in dignant epithets at the head of Louis Napoleon, and to memorialize our Government to use its utmost influence to bring about the termination of a state of things fatal to Italian hopes and dangerous to the peace of Europe. That there is need for some such exertion of moral power cannot be doubted. M. de la Guerronniere, who is supposed to be used now, as on a former occasion, by the Emperor to ventilate his pro jects, has in his new paper La Trance unblush ingly declared that Erench interests will not allow of the cession of Rome to Italy, and that the only feasible solution of the difficulty is the division of Italy into three States, united by a federal bond. No doubt, there is a party in the French Cabinet utterly opposed to this purely selfish policy ; and the ConstUvtiomiel, an organ of Count Persieny, declares that so soon as the inde pendence of the Papacy can be secured there is • no longer any reason for the occupation of Borne by French citizens. Probably with the feeling that it is necessary to do something, or seem to do so, the Moniteur has just published a letter to M. Thouveuei, written by the Emperor last May, in which it was sought to bring about a combination " maintaining the Pope as master in liis own domain, and lowering the barriers which at present separate the States of the Church from the rest of Itsjg-." But the terms of the letter are so vague that Cardinal Antonelli'a refusal to act on the imperial suggestion does not seem to be of any great importance, and the whole matter is left by the correspondence where it was before. The Italian Government is more explicit, General Durando having sent a circular to the representatives of Italy at foreign Courts, iu which, while deprecating Garibaldi's " precipi tate steps," he approves of its object, and says that European Cabinets " must not misunder stand the true meaning of events." " Law has earned the day, but it must be ad mitted that the watchword of the volunteers was this time the expression of a want more imperative than ever. The whole nation claims the capital; it has only lately resisted the inconsiderate im pulse of Ganbaldi because convinced that the King's Government would be able to accomplish the mandate which it has received from Parliament respecting Home. The problem may have changed its aspect, but the urgency of a solution only be comes more cogent. . . Such a state of things is no longer tenable, and would end by entailing extreme consequences upon the Government or the King, the responsibility of which could not weigh on us alone, and would seriously compro mise the religious interests of Catholicism and the tranquillity of Europe." Very good, indeed, so far as words go; but the same things have been said before, and tbis c'rcular points to nothing of a practical dia meter. But the King will have to meet his Parliament before the end of the year, and by that time it may be—though no one is san guine that it will be—the Italians may, by the favour of Louis Napoleon, see day dawning at the end of the long dark night of donbt and difficulty through which they are now passing. But, intensely interesting as are all the de tails of the engagement at Aspromonte and of the proceedings which have followed, I must turn from them to matters of a still graver kind—to America, where blood is still being shed like water, and where, as yet, there are no decided tokens that the end is drawing nigh. The news from America is of so varied and important a character, and its significance can be so little appreciated without a narrative of the most minute facts, that you might fill the columns of your paper, and yet not tell all that liis occurred during the last 30 days. Tour English files will show you what impor tance is attached to it in England, and liow eagerly everything about tuts gigantic ana momentouB war is read. Column after column of the London daily journals is filled with reports, letters, and leaaing articles. Scarcely a day, if a day, has passed during the last six. months in which the Timet has not devoted a leader to this question; while its American correspondents, from New York and Baltimore, write leaders, in the shape of letters some two and three columB long, to echo and support, from the American side, the opinions of this journal on ail the questions at issue. The Crimean war scarcely excited more iuterest— in some respects not so much. Then there was a general feeling that, however great our blunders, we should win in the end, and that the arming would cost to the nation at large nothing more than a few scores of millions added to the NationalDebt. That was the worst, and, as you know, the worst was fully realized. Now, a single *step taken in America might make all the difference between national pros perity or national adversity. A battle lost or won, or the death of a particular general, is a momentous eveut to five millions of people in the North, and important to every taxpayer and housekeeper in the kingdom. The result of the history of the lust month may be ex pressed in one sentence—the American Union seems to be drifting into chaos. In describing the events that have brought matters to the present crisis, the first rank is due to the three days' contest which ended in the second defeat of Bull's Bun. Gathering up, as we now have them, the various details of this terrific con flict, they may be summarized as follows:— The Confederates, as usual, began the attack by a sharp and unexpected onslaught on the Rappahannock Station, occupied by the Fe derals, and drove them at once from their line. This was on the 23rd August. The Federals retreated 10 miles, burning the Bappahannock Bridge, to Warrenton. Here there was a respite for three days; but on the 26fh the Confederates again appeared, but this time in another and more dangerous quarter. They had found their way to the rear of the Federal main army, and by a bold stroke carried one of its most important positions—Manassas Junction. The retreat of the Federals from this point was as precipitous as it waB disastrous. They left a battery of nine guns in the hands of the Confederates, who proceeded to empl>y the advantage they had gained by destroying the railroad and all public buildings, and cutting off the telegraphic communication of the Federal army with Washington. From Manassas the Confederates advanced in the direction of Washington to Bull's Bud, driving the Federals nefore them. From | Bull's Bun they marched to Fairfax—almost j within sight of the capital. They had now ] gone as liar as the most adventurous com- j mander would justify them in going without the support of their main army, and now at last they found that the Federals were awake ' to their danger. General Pope had roused himself. In his own despatch be states that as soon as be found the Confederates were driving the right wing of his army towards Manassas, he broke up his camp, and marched to Manassas Junction, other divisions being ordered to intercept the enemy at various points. McDowell and Hooker were success ful in their mancsuvres, and defeated detached bodies of the Confederates' near Thoroughfare Gap and Kettle Hun, whence they were marching towards Manassas. Pope himself reached Manassas Junction with the main body of his army on the 28th of August —just in time to find that "Stonewall" Jackson had left three hours previously, on his way to Warreuton. Here he rested, but McDowell and Sigel met Jackson on the afternoon of the same day, and drove him back. So ended the first of the three days' engagements. The second day seemed to favour the Federals still more. The combined forces of Pope's army and the army of the Confederates found themselves on the morning of this day face to face on the old battle-field of Bull's Hun—the Federals under Pope, and the Confederates under Lee. The Federals began the battle, and the result was reported to Washington by Pope in the following despatch:— " Head-quarters, Field of Battle, Groveton, near Gainesville, Aug, 30, 5 a.m. " Major-General Halleck, General-in-Chief. " We fought a terrific battle here yesterday with the combined forces of the enemy, which lasted with continuous fury from daylight until after dark, by which time the enemy was driven from the field, which we now occupy. Our troops are too much exhausted yet to push matters, but I shall do so in the course of the morning, as soon as Fitz John Porter's corps comes up from Manassas. "The enemy is still in our front, but badly used up. " We have lost not less than 8,000 men, killed and wounded, and from the appearance of the field tlie enemy lost two to one. He stood strictly on the defensive, and every assault was made Vy ourselves. "Our troops behaved splendidly. The battle was fought on the identical battle- field of Bull's Bun, which greatly increased the enthusiasm of our men. "The news just reaches me from the front that the enemy is retreating towards the mountain. I go forward at once to see. "We have made great captures, hut I am not able yet to form an idea of their extent. "John Pope, JVlajor-UeneraiUommanding." This despatch, it will be needless to say, caused unbounded excitement. In America it raised the wildest hopes—in England it made even the Times write doubtfully. Both countries were kept in suspense about the final result for some days. Then vague news was spread through letters and telegrams that Pope was in precipitate retreat. Could it he believed after bis despatch ? It seemed too cruel a dis appointment. The facts, however, bit by bit, at last oozed out, and tben it became evident that Pope had sustained a disastrous and dis graceful reverse. The third day's battle, it appears, did not begin until 3 o'clock in the afternoon, the whole of the morniDg being spent by both sides in attempts at out-manoeuvring each other. It was again begun by the Fede rals. The troops of Heintzelman and Porter were the first engaged. All accounts state that they fought magnificently, but were mowed down by grape and canister. Soon the left wing was beaten and in retreat. McDowell, supported, but could do nothing, and his troops fled in disorder. General Sigel seems to have been a second Soult. Pope, it must be supposed, did his best, but nothing availed against the admirable management of the Con federate army and the fury with which they attacked. At 5 o'clock the best portion of the Federals were in full retreat, covered by Pope and Sigel. They got to Centreville, and even tually to Fairfax. They now rest, with all the Federal army of Virginia, on the old position on the Potomac that tbey occupied at the commencement of the war. Where was McClellan all this time? Every one has asked this question. He was at Alex andria, a few miles from Bull's Bud, and although urged with mad excitement by Pope to come and help him he refused to stir. Some blame him for the result of the battle; but the end has been that he has been put in position of greater power than ever; that Pope is publicly disgraced and McDowell accused of treason. It is of no use to try to unravel this knot, bat it is evident that McClellan is once more master of the situation. This situation I will describe as best I can. The defeat at Bull's Bnn caused, .for a few days, intense excitement and almost terror in the Worth. It was doubted whether Washing ton would not be attacked, but by and by it was felt that there need be no fear of such a danger. The excitement cooled down, and people began to ask whether anything, would come next. Days passed away. Then all the Governors of the New England States were found to be in session at Providence. They had met to discuss the emergency of their j country, and they discussed it like grave Puritan statesmen of old time. They acknow ledged the national danger to its full extent. There was no moral cowardice which shrinks from locking at a momentous difficulty. But they one and ail united in demanding a bolder policy on the part of the Government. They were willing to send army after army into the field, but not to fight as they had fought; not merely must the Union be defended, but the rebels must be sought out and crushed oat. If not, why there was a gemle but mournful intimation that Hew England would have to adopt her own policy. Then Hew York was found to be raising 50,000 men under Fremont—another action of an individual State. These men have been offered to the Government, and, because raised under Fremont, refused. What was the enemy doing all these days ? The telegraph swiftly told. He was carrying the war into the heart of the Union—doing what the New England men advised should be deci sively done with the South. He was heard of in Maryland, and Baltimore iB now considered in danger. To-day we have newB that he is in Pennsylvania itself, to be met by a new Penn sylvanian levy of 50,000 men. The invader is Stonewall Jackson. McClellan is at his heels, and the next mail will tell whether the Union is virtually lost or saved. The Southern po'icy is said to be known. It is to oast the Pre aident from the President's chair and take command of the Union himself, and thus to reverse the relative positions of the two parties. Whether he can do it is really only doubtful, for no one is surprised now at any American news. Three or four episodes iu this contest help to stamp its character. The first is the lan guage of an address delivered by President Lincoln to a deputation of negroes who waited upon him on the 14th August. It must have been very disheartening to the free negroes, and not less so to the abolitionists. He can didly but kindly advised them all to emigrate. America for the Americans—no free blacks wanted here," was the substance of his address. He pointed out Panama and Liberia as suitable colonies for them. The second episode is the President's letter to Horace Greely. In this again he throws over the slave. His object, he says, " is to | save the Union; not either to save or destroy slavery." What he may do on this question will depend on what is necessary to be done to save the States as such. Meantime, President Davis is holding a Congress at Richmond, and devising measures for improving the efficiency of the Confederate army. He is legislating as though for per manency. The spirit of all the " projects of law" is simply anti-Northern. Export duties to punish the North and murder to every black man and his officer found in a Northern army are amongst the proposed laws. At the end there is to be a general thanksgiving to the Heavenly Father for the blessings He has vouchsafed to the Southern cause. So the case rests. Mediation is still repu diated ; but the best friends of the North in England are losing hope. It looks as though the once great Union was about to be broken up into a second Europe, with its dozen inde pendent States, policies, governments, and laws. The disastrous effect of this state of things on the cotton districts is increasing every day, Their state is literally deplorable. There are now thousands of families in Manchester, Black burn, Rochdale, PreBton, Wisan, and other similar towns living upon 3s. 6d. to 6s. a week. The total number in receipt of relief of one kiud or another in the 74 Unions affected by the cotton famine is 260,000, of whom about 150,000 are relieved by rates, and 110,000 by local benevolent Committees. The weekly cost of parochial outdoor relief in these districts is £3,532. The marked alteration in the daily aspect of the manufacturing towns in conse quence of the distress is very singular. The immense wagons which used to shake the earth as they passed along have ceased to run, and j instead, says the Times Special Reporter, " an almost unbroken silence reigns in the streets." Social profligacy has probably, and almost too surely, increased on the general and enforced idleness of large bodies of men and women, but crime that can be touched bv law has, if any- 1 thing, diminished. The services of the policeman are seldom required, and public disorder is unknown. The admirable man ner, indeed, in which the working classes as a body have borne this great distress is un exampled. They have seen their savings at the Savings Banks slowly but certainly diminish until none have been left; they have then sold bit after bit of furniture until not a bed or a chair has been saved; they have then gone I without any food but a crust of- bread for several days; and only after that have they sought parochial relief. This they receive—; with a feeling which all will understand— rather stiffly and proudly; but they do their day's work of breaking stones or digging roads ungrudgingly and cheerfully. Next to this feature of the distress, the most gratifying characteristic of it has been the quick and general benevolence of the people of England. From all parts of the country hun dreds of pounds are sent week by week. Churches and chapels of all denominations are making special collections, and such collections as they have scarcely ever made before. These are forwarded to the Local Committee, and but for these one-half of the destitute people of these districts would now have been starved to death. The law has been slow in their relief, and parochial charity has by no means been either prompt or bountiful. But leBs prompt and less bountiful than even the Poor-Law Guardians have been the cotton spinners of Lancashire. It is acknowledged on all sides that the manner in which they have met this distress has been only short of inhuman. They who have fattened on the skill of their operatives and amassed immense fortunes in the course of three or four years have only grudgingly and stintedly given their mites towards the relief of distress. Some tales are told of their conduct in the matter that make one blush for hi9 species. Nor .have they met the cotton famine itself in a better way. They might, by this time, have secured per manent markets in all parts of the world; but they have chosen to speculate in cotton until £20,000,000 has been realized, principally on exportation, in the advance that has taken place in price, and to vait and see whether the Government will not do their work. The fact is now undoubted that the cotton £amine has been a relief to the manufacturers as a class. They had overstocked all the markets of the world, and therefore look with con tentment rather than anxiety at the pre sent dearth. Of course they would be glad to employ their hands if they could do it with profit, and a few are still employing them at a loss; but it is now pretty evident that there would have been great distress in these districts even if the famine had not visited us. The future sources of the cotton supply are looked forward to, however, with no little concern. America certainly cannot supply us. Most parties look to India, and Mr. Iiaing is heading an agitation against the Government, and espe cially Sir Charles Wood, for their obstructive measures with respect to the cultivation of land in that country. Sir Charles, as you know, is no statesman. He is a born official, with a mind not above a clerk's, but a gilt of speech .exceeding a jackdaw's or a parrot's. The emergencies of the country will probably force him into a wiser policy or remove him from office. Great Exhibition questions have come up again this month with something like fresh ness. There hag been a revised edition of the jurors' awards, in which some errors in the first issue are corrected—certainly not without necessity. Then there has been the question, "When shall the Exhibition be close 1?" to be disposed of, and it is now announced that it j is to continue open till November 1, when the 1 medals will be distributed; and, further, that it is to continue open, at a higher price, for another fortnight, that exhibitors may effect ■ales of goods. This is a very popular arrange ment with most of the exhibitors, though some , of the outside shopkeepers enviously grumble at it. It appears, however, that many of the exhibitors, especially in the foreign depart ments, have sold out already, and would rather be off on the 1st November than remain a fort night longer. It is now calculated that there may be a deficiency of £20,000, but Kelk and Lucas, the contractors for the building, have promised to bold the guarantors harmless. One foreigner, who has invested money in the Exhibition, has found it to be a bad invest ment, and his failure has occasioned no small ! amount of scandal, and also of enquiry. Mr. I Yeillard, the caterer in the foreign refreshment I department, has been obliged to call his creditors together, and is not likely to pay more than 5s. in the pound. He has taken a large sum of money, but has been robbed by his servapts, and not only so, but there appears among his payments a mysterious sum of £2,000 paid to the Hon. Mr. Cadogan, for introducing him to the Commissioners, and for other services. It seems that so far back as last November a deed was signed, which bound Mr. Yeillard to pay Mr. Cadogan £500 if he got the contract, and also half a farthing per head for all who paid for admission to the building, up to £5,000. That gentleman has had £2,000, £900 more was owing to him, and everybody iB asking what did he do for the money ? The Commissioners only say that they gave the contract to the highest bidder, after satisfying themselves as to his competency. But theu there comes forward another firm, who say that they sent in the highest bid for the highest contract, but that it was given to Mr. Morrish. The result is that it is supposed that the Commissioners trill have received £11,000 less from the refreshment contracts than if they bad accepted the offer of Messrs. Coliard & Bowser, who suggest that perhaps somebody was paid to " introduce" the English contractors also, and hence the contradictory character of the Commissioners' proceedings. Unfortunately the Commissioners have been in bad odour all along, and so they do not get the benefit of a doubt. The Times has honoured the contents of the Yictoria Court with a second notice, on tlic ground that it will receive more prize medals and honourable mentions than auy other of our dependencies, except India. It asserts that, altogether, both for variety ana importance, no collection in the Exhibition equals that of Vic toria, and, especially, begs of the Victorian Commissioners to leave one of the Victoria cabs as a model to our cabmasters. K early all the Royal Family are in Germany, and now it is officially announced that the Prince of Wales is affianced to the Princess Alexandra of Denmark, with whom he has, in fact, spent several days lionizing at Brussels and elsewhere. Of course, the announcement has set every editorial pen to work, aad the expression of satisfaction at the royal choice is very general. We are even able to form an opinion as to the personal ap pearance of the probable future Queen of England, seeing that a photograph of the Prin cess figures in most of the picture-shops, and is pronounced to be very pleasing. One journal, 1 observe, protests against the notion that the Princess is Danish, declaring that she is " as pure a German as ever was born within the limits of the Confederation," and belongs, through many centuries, to the main branch of the Teutonic race. Death has taken away the Archbishop of Canterbury at the ripe age of 82, and amid ex pressions of regret and of respect, which, in the present divided position of the Church of England, are unusually unanimous. Scarcely, therefore, has Lord Palmerston filled up the Irish, Primacy than he has a similar post in England to fill, and all parties in the Church arc looking wistfully to see who 'the fortunate individual selected will be. Bo doubt it will be one of the existing Bishops, and that will involve another episcopal appointment. That will have given to Lori Palmerston the ap pointment to three archbishoprics and nearly a dozen bishoprics. Lord Ellesmere, at whose house the meeting to organize the Lancashire Belief Fund was lately held, and who started the list with a subscription of £1,000, has suddenly died at an early age. The Earl of Harrington's name also appears in the month's obituary—a great loss to the United Kingdom Liquor Law Alli ance, of which he was President. Viscount Ockham, eldest son of Lord Lovelace, and grandson of Lord Byron, has died in quile a lowly position of liL—27 years old only, and unmarried. And all the admirers of Dr. Livingstone will be concerned to hear that the intrepid traveller has been plunged into afflic tion by the loss of his wife, who died of fever on the Zambesi, not long after she had joined him. We have enjoyed splendid weather of late, and the harvest must be all but in; but it does not seem to be yet known exactly what its character has been. On one hand, the opinion is expressed that in England the wheat crop will b* from six to eight bushels per acre below the average, barley ten bushels, and oats from four to six; but other agricultural reports take a more cheering view of matters, and the corn market has a downward tendency. In France the average has been reached, and the wine crop is above the average; while in in re dis tant countries the grain crops have been un usually large. At the present juncture it is a great mis fortune that the disease among sheep is spreading instead of disappearing, it having now broken out in Berkshire and in IT. rtford shire also. There is au epidemic among cattle and pigs as well as sheep. Orders in Council have consequently been issued forbidding the removal of sheep from districts where the disease exists. The vacancy in the representation of Stoke upon-Trent, caused by the death of Mr. Ricardo, has been filled by the election of Mr. Grenfell, one of the thiee Liberal candidates. Much animosity prevailed, as the result of Mr. Grenfell's attacks oil Seijeant Shee. who, ho insinuated, held a brief from Mr. Beresford Hope in order to secure his return, by dividing the Liberal interest. The learned Serjeant-, however, was "nowhere" on the poll, and so Mr. Hope's anticipations of profiting by a split were,unrealized. Had he been chosen liis election wculd have been somewhat signi ficant, as he avowed himself to be a sympathizer with the South in respect to the American struggle. The great Roupell forgery case has cul minated in the conviction of the offender ou his own admission of his gu'lr, and liis being sentenced to penal servitude for life. Ir will be seen that what occurred at the Old Bailey was as strange as that which was witnessed at Guildford. I need not repeat his vague, mysterious,) and somewhat melodramatic references to his past life as having been " one | great mistake." He ha3 stimulated cu;io;;;y without gratifying it, and, although he has astonished people by his coolness, there is not much belief in the depth of his penitence. 1 There will also be found among the criminal | news of the month an extraordinary story of an attempt made by Mr. Calvert^ British Consul at the Da danelles, to obtain £12,000 from the underwriters of a ship alleged to have been lost, but which had no existence. There is also another culprit before a Police Court, charged with the wilful destruction of a ship. The carious in scientific matters will read with interest the narration of the two. scientific aeronauts, Messrs. Coxwed and GJaister, who ascended six miles from the earth, and nearly lost their lives from cold; while military men will be absorbed in the experiments made with the Wliitworth and other guns at Shoeburv ness, which seem to show that our newly-built iron ships can bs riddled by the new monster ordnance. The Englieh journals have given insertion to a paragraph, stating that the Jaw officers of the Grown have advised the Duke of Newcastle that, although Mr. Justice tioothby has, as it appears to them, mistaken the law, yet in seme points he is right, and the fault has been with the Governor in not reserving Acts for the royal assent which were required by Statute to be reserved. I have not seen any comments on the case, though it is stated that no instance of the removal of an English Judge on the address of both Houses of Parliament has occurred since the passing of the 5th Geo. II., c. 23. Iu respect to another colony, the Colonial Office has taken a step indicative of a consciousness that greater vigilance is required to be exercised than hitherto in redressing colonial grievance?. IVir two of the New Zealand officials—Major Cooper aud Mr. Broughtort—having been dis missed Her Majesty's service for being con cerned in the seduction of a native girl, the Duke oF Newcastle has written a despatch, in which he states that be fi d? it impossible to arrive at any other conclusion than that the gentlemen in question were treated as they deserved/ Availing himself of the leisure of the recess, Professor Goldwin Smith has elaborated another letter to the Daily News, five columns in length, on the relation of the colonies to the mother countries, and another relating especially to New Zehland. The first of these is as vigorous, as eloquent, and as far-seeing as his previous writings on the same subject. He meets the ridicule cast on his opinions, as those of a mere student, by saying that little as they might be worth in comparison with the opinions of a real statesman," they may have some value compared with those of political tacticians living from hand to mouth, or of journalists deserting the high task of guiding the public mind to traffic, like low stock-jobbers, in the passion of the hour;" and he points out that the views of the " practical men," both in Parlia ment and the press, form such a Babel of contradiction, that it is impossible to follow the lead of " practical wisdom" if we would. He reiterates his already-expressed views on the ill effects of holding colonies in unnatural dependence, and insists, in the language of scorn, on the folly of our aristocracy in sup posing that they can everywhere reproduce such English institution? as monarchy, a feudal aristocracy, the rule of primogeniture, and an Established Church. There lurks in their hearts, and transpires in all they say, a belief that this great group of commonwealths, founded on social equality, the native growth of the New World, is a monstrous and unnatural birth, which, if we will only wait a little, will creep back into the womb." And he ends by de claring that having read a mass of articles and speeches, he has failed to discover a single real argument in defence of the present system. " But," he says, " the system does net rest on argument. It rests on unreasoning pride, igno rant of the true sources of English greatness. It rests on class interests and prejudices, ever triumphant, by their concentrated energy, over the public good. It rests on the routine of offices which we fondly imagine to be the seats of a superior intelligence, while, in fact, they are apt to become, except for mere adminis tration, the most mechanical of all machines. It rests, above all, upon patronage—that foun dation of adamant upon which the puny assaults of reason and justice have so often spent, and will long spend themselves in. vain." The Professor's efforts are beginning to tell —at any rate in Canada—for it is stated that the Lieutenant-Governors of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince Edward's Island, with deputations from those colonies, hare met the Canadian Government, not only to discuss the offer of the Home Government to loan four or five millions for a railway from Halifax to Quebec, but to see if all the British colonies in that part of the world can be unircd under one confederacy, with one Governor, one Legislative Assembly, one currency, one code, and one tariff! The present system is de clared to be the most wretched imaginable, involving, as it does, a useless expenditure on four or five Governors. From Jamaica there comes a rumour of pro bable changes in some of'.he Colonial Gover norships. Sir Henry Barkly, it is said, will go to Madras, and will be succeeded in Vic toria by Earl Mulgrave, whose post ct Jfova Scotia will be given to Governor Darling. Sir Allan McNab, whose history for forty years has been mingled with that of Canada, died last month, at Toronto, at ihc ago of Gi. He is reported to have died a Roman Catholic, and a great deal of most unseemly dissension has been going on iu Canada as to the alleged conduct of the Catholic priesthood in ex tracting from him a confession of faith in their Church. The question whether Sir Allan died a Protestant or a Roman Catholic has, in fact, produced excitement enough to almost thi eaten a riot at hi9 funeral. The Time* charges the Colonial-Office with gratuitously stepping in between the liberality of the Local Legislatures and the comfort of the private soldier by the red tie! ion in the extra pay issued to troops serving in the Australian Colonies. It insists that the extra pay is needed because of the Gearness of prcvL-i ;ns, the high price of labour, and oilier '.xcrptioual circumstances, and that the withdrawal will be likely to create discontent, not only ainonu the men,-but among the colonists, who arc willing aud anxious to keep up the present scale. To this a semi-officiel organ has replied f .-.if i-ist,;»d of wishing the grants to be permanent, she Local Legislatures have shown sign? of'rutting them off altogether, and as the Uclonial-Oifice has received several unmistakable indications that the contributions in aid are not likely fo be continued, it is obliged to mike Ihc an nounced change. The Local Governments seem to be tired of these self-imposed institu tions for military purposes, and at-c" ihc in vestigation of Mr, -Mills's Committee on colonial military expenditure, it vrss resolved to place matters on a new as ell as a le-s ex travagant footing. The Colonial Oitirc is therefore, in fact, complying with and not thwaiting the wishes of the colonists. The Times has also derated a leader to the question whether any of the proceeds cf the sale of Australian lands should be devoted to the bringing out of educated women as gover nesses. It doubts whether, in justice to the purchasers of land, the proceeds should be so invested, and whether the funds should not be i spent lor the benefit of the class from which | they are raised, and who want manual labour, ' and ought to have it, before the rich are sup- J plied with elegant superfluities. It also thinks that free passages should rather be provided for those who can provide nothing for them selves. But the great substantial objection urged is that there does not exist in Australia that demand for educated young women, either | as wives or governesses, which would justify ! the expenditure. Among the moneyed classes, those who appreciate a good education for I their children are a minority, and many of | them send their young people to England; while for others, the kind of education required is not that which English governesses are pre pared to give. As to the matrimonial ques- j tion, a great part of the population lead a j migratory life, and so the practical disparity between the sexes iB not so great as the figures show. The wealthy settlers, also, go to England for their wives rather than get their friends to choose lor them. The Times, therefore, agrees with the Melbourne Argus that Australia is not the elyeium for : governesses which 6ome suppose, and thinks that none should go out without trustworthy . information and reliable prospects. To tbis " An Australian" has replied at con- j siderable length and some spirit. " Our j tastes," he says, " are the same as yours; we like the best of everything." The working men of the colony have, he thinks, shown their good sense in that, being masters of the situation, they are yet willing that a portion .of the re venue should be devoted to meeting the wants of another class, so that the country may be benefited. lie admits that he introduction of | educated young women should not be carried on in a haphazard style; but it is a mistake to speak of them as "elegant superfluities," for the rich of the colonies are pretty nearly up to the average of older countries, and parents generally appreciate the advantages of a refined education for their children. Even at the dig gings there are many storekeepers, clerks, officials, barristers, and other professional j men who are capable of appreciating refinement and beauty, but are unable 1 to go after it. Even if they can go j to England for what they want, " an im ported wife is a failure;" a few years of colonial experience being of great value before undertaking the responsibilities of j married life. Nevertheless, the writer warns intending lady emigrants that they may have ! to overcome many difficulties, though he ridicules the idea of their shrinking from every thing in the shape of hard work. He hopes j that Miss Bye will go on in her grand work, and thereby render good'service to humanity. Meanwhile that lady assiduously prosecutes her | scheme. She has written to„ the Times, enclosing several letters from young ladies ! who, haying been assisted by the Female | Middle Class Emigration Society, have been comfortably settled, and quotes from the Mel bourne Herald an invitation to send even more immigrants of the 6tamp already chosen. She j has met the Manchester Board of Guardians on the subject; but it was suggesred that the j class of girls she wanted were just those who were wanted here, and that she would do more goed to this country by removing others of a different quality. Ultimately the Guardiaus decided that it was their duty to confine them selves to the relief of the existing distress. Nevertheless, Miss Bye has been doing a good stroke of business in Manchester; for she has now on her books above 1,000 young women, between 18 and 30, who wish to emigrate. Mr. Lindsay, M.P., has engaged to send some to British Columbia for £20 instead of £25, and to take an I.O.U. from the girls for half the amount—a very liberal and spirited offer, utid one which many can accept. In fact, 50 will leave Manchester for Columbia in the course of this month. In other quarters an important stimulus is being given to the emigration movement. Mr. Leigh, of Bolton, one of the Directors of the Queensland Cotton Company, has convened a meeting of operatives, at which he offered to send out 1,0®® families, by weekly subscrip tions of 3d. a bead with Is. entrance-fee, a ballot being taken to decide who shall go first. He also described the great advantages which emigrants would secuie in the allotment of land, and so successful was liis appeal that 800 families are stated to be enrolled. And, strange to say, that while the rush from America into Canada continues to increase, the Secretary of State at Washington has issued a circular to the United States Consular offices, asserting -that there never was such a demand for labour, and that nowhere else can the working man expect such liberal recompense for his work as he will receive if he emigrates to America. A Canadian letter congratulates the inhabitants of Canada on the good which is accruing to that colony by the evil raging in America ; for vast numbers of persons are bringing with them money, skill, and industry which' will make the wilderness to blossom as the rose. The writer proceeds to say that there is room for fill, end makes good his statement. He also states that it is likely that a special bureau of emigration and colonization will be created in Canada; that the- Hon. Mr. McGee, a man of great information and energy, will be at its head j and that emigration, offices vrill be opened in London and other large towns, He also urges that the agent ia London should be able to issue scrip for grants of free land that Canada may compete with Australia in the advantages she offers to intending emigrants. The impetus likely to be given to emigration to our colonies enhances the value of improved postal facilities for the conveyance, not of letters only, but of money and other necessaries of civilized life which are capable of transmission by post. Hence everybody interested in Aus tralia has read with gratification the announce ment just issued by Kowlsnd Hill that en the lBt October the money order system will come into operation for Sonth Australia. Of course the main features of the home system will be adopted, with the necessary modifications, as regards time, &c.; A shilling is to be charged for the remittance of not more than £2, two shillings up to £5, three up to £7, and four up to £10, which is the maximum.' The places enumerated as Money Order Offices in the colony are:—Adelaide, Aldinga, Angaston. Auburn, Callington, Clare, Q-ambierton Gawler, Glenelg, Goolwa, Gumeracha, Kami] ton, Hindmarsh, Kadina, Kanyaka, Kapunda Kooringa, Lyndoch, Macclesfield, Melrose Mount Barker, Mount Pleasant, Kairne, Nar racoorte, Norwood, Penols, Port Adelaide Port Augusta, Port Elliot, Port Lincoln Birerton, Kobe, Salisbury, Slralhalbyn, Ta nunda, Truro, Willunga, Woodside, and Yan kalilla. 