THE COMING CONTEST IN BRAZIL. (from the economist, 16th auoust.) The Revue des deux Mondes has recently con tained some papers on the state of Brazil as novel as they are instructive. The great empire of South America is in many respects so wonder- fully like the great republic of the North, that it is all but impossible to read the flaming history of the one without being brought to think of the other, and, seeing the effect of slavery on demo- cratic institutions, to follow with curious eye its result in a monarchy. The same British ships which had brought back our troops from the United States, escorted King Joao over from Portugal into Brazil, and while a new republic grew up on one side of the Atlantic, a new kingdom of equal extent developed itself on the other. It was to be a singular trial between monarchy and republic, such as the world never saw before. A territory of three million square miles on either side ; an endless shore, splendid rivers, and everything that con- duces to the greatness of nations, were supplied in abundance by nature. There was not a spot in the whole picture to mar its brilliancy, except the almost unobserved sign of cancer, hidden in the one " domestic institution." The first visible appearance of the disease was almost simultaneous in both countries. The in- fluence of Great Britain having destroyed the main sources of traffic in human flesh and blood, almost identical phenemena began to develop themselves in the great republic of the North and the great kingdom of the South. In both free labor began to encroach upon slavery, pushing the 'institution' onward from the moderate zone towards the equator, and fixing a geogra phical boundary between liberty and bondage. Previous to the treaty between England and Brazil for the abolition of the slave trade (1826), a full-grown black man was to be bought at Rio de Janeiro for about £20, while a few years after his price rose to double the amount. The treaty was not observed by any means ; but the com merce in ' ebony wood ' grew more hazardous, and the trader had to be paid for his risk. For about thirty years longer some 60,000 slaves were annually imported into Brazil, the cargoes gra dually rising in price, and completely changing in character. While traffic in black men was open and undisturbed, the trader ioaded his ships in the easiest possible manner by embarking whole families of negroes ; but when the voyage became difficult, the cargo had to be picked, and only strong bone and muscle were carried to the market, while the weak, the women and children, had to stop behind. This had the double consequence of restricting the field of slavery, and of altering the mode of slave in dustry. It was at the same period that both the American and Brazilian slaveholders began to neglect the old system of husbandry, and to con fine themselves to the more profitable cultivation of a single article — the cotton-plant in the north, the coffee- tree in the south. It was found that the black machine, not much given to, and not much allowed to think, was not able to com pete with the free white in the ordinary branches of field labor, which are directed to the production of food, and require, on account of the diversity of cultiva tion, a certain amount of intelligence. The free man, on the other hand, had no desire to be con- nected with a most monotonous exercise of mere physical force, and contented himself both in the north and south of America, with confining the new staple industry within a given boundary. It was thus that the slave power, having entirely changed its old form, grew up into a political, social, and commercial monopoly, forming a state within a state. Neither the ultra-democratic in- stitutions of the North American republic nor the monarchic form of government in the South, were of any avail to check the growth of the disease, but both led exactly to the same result. There is reason to believe that the Emperor Pedro II. has not only been long ago fully alive to the dangers of the situation, but that he has a strong personal antipathy to the traffic in human flesh and blood. His Majesty, and at least two of his constitutional advisers in the present ministry, have long stood forward against the encroachments of the slave power, but with, on the whole, as little success as the abolition party in the United States. This is the more con vincing in respect to the important question whether a monarchical Government would have prevented the present awful strife in North America, because the constitutional activity of the Brazilian Emperor is by no means confined within narrow limits. According to the charter of 1831, the government of the empire is vested in two powers, the legislative and the executive, the latter entirely under the control of the sovereign. The legislature con- sists of a Senate of fifty-four members, appointed by the Emperor, and a House of Representatives, elected by the suffrages of all free citizens having property to the amount of 200 milreas, or about £35 annually. This must be acknowledged to be a strong monarchical constitution, yet it has been aa ineffective hitherto in dealing with the ' insti- tution' as the most advanced republic. The slave power in Brazil, so far from being repressed by the strong arm of an enlightened sovereign, is, on the contrary, increasing its influence from year to year, to the absorption of nearly the whole ad- ministrative machinery of the State — a phenome- non well worth studying by both the friends and the enemies of republican institutions. The present political situation of the great South America empire is of a very extraordinary dud. The country, over all its vast extent of territory, has only some eight million inhabitants, but of these nearly one-half are slaves. Thanks to the vigilance of English cruisers, the African traffic is at this moment all but suppressed, and the coffee-planter on the Amazon, like the cotton- planter on the Mississippi, has to look for his supply of hands to home-grown material. Thus slavery is concentrating itself in the northern regions of the empire, while a continued stream of free labor is flowing in at the south. It is true, the immigration into Brazil of German, Swiss, Dutch and Danish laborers, though highly encouraged by the Imperial Government, is but small as compared with the hu- man tide which continued rushing into the Northern Republic up to the last year or two ; but it has been most effective, nevertheless, among a more limited population, and has pro- duced already some of the results visible in the United States, in the pressure of white crowds against black. The Germans, in particular, have established in the province of Rio-Grande-do Sul, some very flourishing settlements, which are likely to become, at no very distant time, the Massachusetts of Southern America. It is a noticeable fact that the nucleus of the Saxon co- lonies was formed on an immense estate belong- ing to the Prince de Joinville, the heir apparent (or father to the heir apparent) of the throne of Brazil. The prince received the territory as a dowry on his marriage with the sister of Pedro II., and by making it over to an enter- prising community ot free settlers, has very prob- ably done more for the abolition of slavery, than by enrolling his nephews under the banner of General M'Clellan. So much is certain, that wherever these colonists are setting their foot in Brazil, slavery is retreating before them. The labor of the black man had previously degraded agricultural industry in the country to such an extent that not even the plough was known to the masters of the land some thirty years ago, and was looked upon, in the hands of the German immigrants, as an absolutely new invention. No wonder, then, that tho empire of Brazil, which might produce corn enough to feed tho whole globe, has not sufficient for its own inhabitants but must import food from neighboring States unafflicted with the 'institution. '' There are all the signs that the battle of slavery must be fought one day quite the same in monar- chical Brazil as it is now in republican North America, though in all likelihood the struggle will be less severe. It almost seems that the slave lords in the southern empire are already preparing for it, and trimming their sails for the coming storm. The power of the party lies chiefly in the nineteen provincial assemblies, the establishment of which dates back to 1835, a time when Brazil was torn by internal disorders, ending in a general rising of the slaves in the north. To subdue the mutinous negroes, the local Parliament, were temporarily invested with considerable powers, which they have retained ever since. The jurisdiction of these assemblies, composed almost entirely of slaveowners, is analogous to that granted to the individual States of the North American republic, and is exercised very nearly to the same ends as in the Southern States previous to the outbreak of the war. An a con sequence, the Imperial Government is helpless in many respects, and the central Parliament even must give way oftener than is desirable to local influences. It does not seem at all likely that King and Ministers will get the upperhand in this struggle, which has been going on now for many years, with increasing gain to the slave power: What is more probable is that the free element in the southern Brazilian states, strong already in Santa-Catharina, Rio-Grande-do- Sul and two or three other provinces, will conquer the oligarchic rule in the local assemblies making the struggle similar to what it has been in the North American Union. In this case secession would be ripe at once, to be suppressed either by the central Government, or to end in the establishment of new and competely independent States. The movement has, to some extent begun already, in the opposition of Pernambuco and Bahia, the two most important cities of Brazil, next to Rio de Janeiro, to the Imperial Government. To subdue the threatening storm one Governor after another is despatched into the malcontent provinces, in order to watch the symp- toms of rebellion, without having time to parti- cipate in it. Some of the last Presidents of Pernambuco scarcely enjoyed more than a month of office, and cases have happened in which a fortnight's government was all the time allowed. The wisdom of such a system of mistrust seems extremely doubtful, and little fitted to ensure the otherwise uncertain victory of monarchical institu tions over an oligarchical slave power. Macaulay's Religious Faith ? In reference to the question involved, we may observe that no where in his writings is there any definite con fession of religious faith, and that among the friends of his family, many of whom were asso ciated with the Evangelical movement of the day we believe it was a matter of regre: that he could not be considered to belong to their body. This is a subject on whieh we shall not proceed, con tent with Lord Macaulay's assertion, borne out by a simple, self-denying, charitable life, that he was a Christian. Archdeacon Sinclair, the in cumbent of the parish where he died, shortly afterwards made, in a sermon, an interesting state ment respecting him.— The Public Lift of Lori Macaulay By the Rev. F. Arnold, B. A. A Real Sensation Drama. — At the Sheffield Tewn Hall, on Tuesday, Harvey Teasdalo, well known throughout Lancashire and Yorkshire aBn light comedian and acrobat, was charged with an attempt to murder his wife and to commit suicide. The facts of the case are B3 follows:— The pri soner and his wife have been travelling together for some time in various towns in Lancashire and Yorkshire, but al out three weekB ago they sepa parated at St. Helens, and Mrs Teasdale came to Sheffield, and took up her abode with some friends in Holly street. On Saturday week he tried to induce her to return and live' with him, but she refused ; and on Monday he called at the shop and shot her with a pistol, after which he cut nis own throat. Ihe prisoner, in answer to the charge, said, ' I felt I could not Jive without her, and I determined to go and present the pistol at my head, to see if that would move her, and if it didn't, to fire the pistol and cut my throat in the smoke !' A conception truly theatrical, tmt which was not carried out as he had planned. He accounted for the wounds on his wife's throat by Baying they must have boen done in the scuffle. He was sent to the assizes for the attempt to murder and commit suicide.— Sunday 'Times. Neal Dow at New Orleans.— The New Or leans correspondent of the New York limes writes — ' A day or two ago, my eyea were attracted by a diminuiive little man, carrying the significant shoulder-strap of a Brigadier- General. I had great confidence in his skill and courage, and ia his military knowledge, for I know that Marion waB very small in body, and so was Dr Watts. The General came to my hotel, and proceeded up etairs. In a few moments, the attentive landlord, heating that he. had a live brigadier in the house, without asking the clerk for his name, only asked for his number, which obtaining, said landlord rushed into the bar-room, and had a julep mixed of standard strength, and ornamented with on immense amount of 'greens,' which ostenta tiously stuck up, making the 'institution' look moru like a flower-pot than a genial beverage. This chemical and vegetable combination, sus tained by a waiter of unusual politeness, was handed into ' 21,' with the landlord's compli ments. In due course of time, the tumbler re turned as dry as a gourd, the mint all wilted ; in fine, it seemed as if a sirocco had passed over it. And what of that ? Only, gentle reader, that the General was General Neal Dow, the author of tbe Maine Liquor Law, and Commander at Fnrt Jackson, whose orderly, no doubt, appropriated to himself the landlord's honest hospitality.' The 'Latest' prom Pasi.i. — Tho whole Parisian worlJ (says the Poit correspondent) is on the qui vive to visit the Hotel delaPaix, which has been fitted up with great artistic taste. The kitchen, in which 25 cookB are to oificiate, the dining-saloon, adapted to receive 306 gue3ts and 100 waiters, the ballroom, the vestibule, afford immense gratification to the curious ; 700 cham bers, a telegraph, communicating not only -with each of them for the ordinary purposes of the bell, hut with the theatres, and indeed with the whole of Europe, are amongst the modern mar. vels ; but not only -will the stranger be enabled to sleep and to dine with every possible luxury around him, but his intellectual -wants are sup plied — books of reference, dictionaries in all languages, manuals, newspapers from every corner of the earth, are gathered together for him in the reading-room. Everything is so arranged that order and regularity must exist throughout tha whole establishment, which now surpasses any thing yet known ; and even the boasted luxuries and grandeur of the hotels of New York sink into insignificance when compared with this adaptation of all the novelties that ihe mircb. of intellect has lately produced. Brigandage in Southern Italy.— The Patriti of Naples tells the following painful story of brigand violence : — ' A few days ago eight brigands scoured the country in the neighborhood of Rotundella, in the province of BasilicaU, carrying off with them from different places a communal councillor, a rich landholder, an ex gendarme of theBourbon Government, two joiners, and 11 women, including three young B1'8' They took them all into the wood of Poliooro, crossing the Sinna stream. They then committed outrages upon the women, the cries ot their victims only exciting their ferocity more than ever ; ao that one of them, named Mariangfltv Montessomo, received 14 wounds with a stiletto in consequence of her resistance. The brigands then let their prisoners go, except two, whom they tortured for two days in the most barbarous manner, and then set them at liberty, after exact ing enormous ransoms. In the province of Capi tanata a party of brigands surrounded a farm bo longing to the brothers Martuscelli, and ordeiea them to give up their arms and ammunition. Upon thtlr refusal the miscreants collected all the cattle in an open upaee and shot them d°j™- thus causing damage to the amount of 12,00Ut. In the neighborhood of Bisaccia the brigands net fire to several farms and killed ten persons, only desisting and taking to flight on Beeing a party 01 troops arrive. Near Campobosso 13 brigands pillaged the house of a peasant named ricco, whotesou they carried away, whom they only re leased on payment of 100 ducats. The brigands, nder Chiavone, who infest thedistrict-of Avelho, s few days ago shot a woman aged «0, on suspicion of her having informed against them. .T'e-y5r' politan papers are loud in their complaints 01 we negligence of the authorities in taking effective measures against the brigands.' 