Sales by Auction. _ 1 FRIDAY, SEPMHBSB 12. , ""chintB, Importers, and Shipowners, and thais '»SlBtbe Eastern, Intercolonial, and Heir Z"l.ndH.ade..£ar(ioe to J i MES IiAWRAHOE lifts received initial loan to SELL! by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, nellie 12th September, at twelve o'clock, 'evil fine barque 970 tons register, áOOtnns burthen. has arrived from Adelaide, in excellent seagoing ,Í" abundantly found in all necessary gear. [HwiiTtry recently sheathed with yellow metal, "J tthersiao well found. a draught of water when loaded is onIyl!}feet, in carries herself the most eligible vessel for ¡loBIverTarra, or any of the bar harbours In the "centre then at the Australian Wharf, where his ''retinue and further particulars, in a future adver Present! THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19. At Twelve o'clock. At the Residence of J, A. Hartley, Esq. Olencore, Domain road, South Yarra. Unreserved Sale of Ice Entire Household Furniture, Including A Grand Pianoforte, by Erard, - Coat 80 Guineas. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by J F. Hartley, Esq. (In consequence of his removing cDCOnntrjlto SELL by AUCTION, on the premises store described. on Thursday, September, at twelve) "his entire household furniture and effects, in splendid condition, amongst which is one of Otard's 80 guinea pianos. And contents of Dtswingroom SkilDgroom Bedrooms gerranli'-rooms ' Pantry Kitchen And 180 volumes books, amongst which are Dickens's Household Words, Warren's Works ; calf bound. The whole to be sold without any reserve, ' Also, A George IV. park phaeton, for one or two, wife ' pole and splinter-bar and moveable driving seat, j Grateful now ready. i Goods on view today, lbs premises to let. THURSDAY, BIP IE U BEB II. Je farmers, Coach Proprietors, Dealers, and Other i 18 Head of Horses. ROW, KIRK, and Co. will SELL by AUG is HON, at their yards, Bourke street, on Thurs It.. september 11, at twelve o'clock. IS head of horses, in good order, broken In, suit J i for farm waggon and light harness. Also, tcoodwolght carrying hacks. Without Reserve. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER IL ' Sale of Household Furniture. At Hi Leicester street, The Residence of Hector Norman Simson, Esq. ROW, KIRK, and Co. are instructed by H. N. Simson, Esq, (who is removing into Uta entry), to SELL by AUCTION, at his residence, 141 Leicester street, near the gates of the University, on Thursday, 11th Inst, Ike residue of his household furniture, compris Leg Drawingroom and bedroom suites Grand piano, by Collard and Collard Kitten requisites, &c.; tile to commence at one o'clock THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. £720 Red Deals and Boarder CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, i on Australian Wharf, on Thursday, September 19, at eleven o'clock, Ex Princesses Louise and Charlotte, 6720 red deals, consisting of 8 x, 11x8,9x5, 78, and lix0solid 013,1, 2, 3 and a cart. The above are landed ready for immediate delivery; Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 12. Six-roomed Home, to be Removed. Flttroy. J LONG has received instructions from Mr Hoare to SELL by AUCTION, on the premise?, n 12th September, at eleven o'clock, A capital six-roomed weatherboard cottage, lined with wood, nearly new, ' with a verandah the whole length of the house. The house also be removed, and must positively be Terms at sale, J. Long, 68 Collins street west. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. Weekly Bale. At Fitzroy Auction Mart, Collingwood. BELLIN has received instructions from a , gentleman leaving for New Zealand to SELL by noises, on Thursday, 11th Inst,, at one o'clock, It C30trlra.de street, A quantity of furniture, jewellery, watches, clocks, medicine chest, stoves, and sundries. No reserve. J. Bellin, auctioneer and money-broker, Fitzroy Auction Hart, 09 Gertrude street, Collingwood. AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE. "WILLIAM GREEN, Auctioneer, 80 Collins TY street west, undertakes the BALE of PUBNI TUB! on the premises, and Houses and Real Property within rooms, or on the ground, Mortgages negotiated it lowest rates. Public Companies. AUSTRALIAN ALLIANCE ASSURANCE COMPANY. Established for Fire Insurance, balance of Lives, Fidelity Guarantee, Endowments, and Annuities. Principal Offices 53 Elizabeth street, and 2 Collins street west, Melbourne Capital-£260,000. with power to increase. Directors The Hon. B. B Anderson, M.L. A. The Hon. J. G. Johnston, M L.A. John Moore, Esq., J P. She Hon. Charles Vaughan, M.L.C., W. W. Wardell, Esq. Trustees : Xho Hon. J G. Francis, M.L.A. Hugh Glass, Esq , J P. John Moore, Esq., J.P. Surveyor and Valuator : Robert Kerr, Esq., J.P, Auditors : LtetGtdeinann, Esq. Accountants'. Treasury, Alexander Laing, Esq., Eldon chambers, Official Assignee. Medical Officers: J. B. Motherwell, M D. I W. Gilbee, surgeon. Standing Counsel : Geo. Higinbotham, Esq., M.L.A. Solicitor : K. I. Brodribb, Esq., M.L.A Bankers: Colonial Bank of Australasia. MICHAEL O'GRADY Manager. Till Company's business is conducted a three separate departments The Insuranco.Llfe Asaurano J, iel Fidelity Guarantee FIRE INSURANCE. Insurance against teams from Are upon buildings, mer candle, and property of every description, may be toasted at the current rates charged by other companies, and the Insurer will obtain, without any liability of partnership, a periodic return of the surplus disposable profits of the Company. The rates of premium are in no she higher than on a charged by the Assurance Companies matting on return to their Insurer!. , , LIFE ASSURANCE. In endeavouring to disseminate the benefits which accrue from the adoption of the soundest principle of social economy, involved in the practice of litre As stanes, the directors are desirous of carrying Into meet such improvements as have been sanctioned nor are warranted by the experience of the most successful at Intlth companies. The constitution of this company-the facilities P area to assurers, and thence liberality which shall clailogulsh its dealings-form each an important in encornent worthy of the attention of intending Nurom. GUARANTEE for FIDELITY. sales for simple guarantee-From 161, per cent., according to responsibilities of the situation. All equitable proportion of the ascertained profits « 1 , comPany returned by way of bonus folio officials, guaranteed. Guarantee and life assurance combined on terms was (raby the guarantee premium may be changed. 0 » lucrative Investment for the benefit of the person guaranteed, or his family. Full prospectuses and every other Information to a had irons " ., MICHAEL O'GRADY, Manager. Australian Alliance Assurance Company's Office-, Corner of Collins street west and Elizabeth street. A gents wanted still AUSTRALASIAN INSURANCE COOTE? to 4 on, fiTs Life and Marine.) Board Offices Hall of Commerce, Collins-street west. E E Directors : Wm. Nicholson, Esq., atL.A., Chairman. E. L. Montefiore, Esq" Vice-Chairman. J M Joshua, Esq. I James Graham, Msqa V- J- T. Clarke, Esq. I EL P. S. Sturt. Marine Surveyor! Captain W. O. Cave. Suburban Agents : Richmond, Mr. John Wright. South Yarra, Mr. J. Evans. £1 from, Mr. Gardner. OoilngwoodandFltrxoy, Mr. S. Kidson. Brighton, Mr. Blnnronds. Willamstown, Captain Lawrance. Sandridge, Mr. George Fred. Brewster. Emerald-hill Mr. Charles Skeats; WM. MAOBaDU, Secretary VICTORIA FIRE and HABIHK INBTJBAHOlS COMPANY. Established 1849. Empowered by Act of the Legislative Council Head Office 82 Collins street east. " Directors: Hon. Henry Miller, H.L.O., airman. Hon. Wm. Hull, M L , Deputy Chairman. Brown, lag. I Samuel Thorp. Esq. George Klik,K«q.,M.L.A. James Quirk, Esq; Suburban Agents : Carlton, George Rushall: Collingwood, John B Baker; Emerald Hill. William Daish; Footscray, Henry Sims; Hawthorn, J. D. Thomson : Norah !Ä"D.,B'..W- l'Opera Prahran, J. B. Cr* fuel bond, Thus. Newham Sandridge, John MurphY South Yarra, Thomas Wallis; St, Kilda. Thomas i grass; Williamstown, John Courtis. JOSEPH COLLIE, Secretary. habits Companies. CORNWALL FIRE and MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY. Established In 1841. I Capital, £100,000. Unlimited Liability. Head Office, Launceston, Branches In Hobart Town, Geelong, and Adelaide. MELBOURNE! BRANCH. Fire and marine risks taken at the lowest current rates. Marine Surveyor, D. McCallum. " F. HALLER and Co. agents, 26 Queen street. PROSPECTUS of the BALLARAT, SMYTHESDALE and SCARSDALE RAILWAY COM. PANY. Capital, £30,000. In 16,000 Sharoior 5s each With power to increase Capital to £104,000, necessary. Deposit, 5s. per share, to be paid on application ; 10s. per shire on allotment. First call, 25t. and the residue by calls not exceeding 20s. per share, at intervals of not less than two months. To kM Incorporated! by Act of Parliament, "with Limited Liability. Provisional Committee : Mr, Matthew Hamilton Baird. Mr, John Brown. Mr. Hugh Cameron, Mr H. B. Caselli, Mr. Walter Craig. Mr, R Dunn (of Moore and Dunn Mr. George B. Evans (of Evans Brother). Mr. Archibald Fisken. Mr. A J. Forbes, Mr. R. B. Gibbs. Mr, D, CriUles, M.L.A. Mr. Benjamin Hepburn. Dr, Hopper, Carngham, Dr. Hudson. Mr. J. B. Humffray, M L.A, Mr. David Jones, Mr. A. O. Kerr. Mr. Robert Lewis (Chairman of Municipality of Ballarat) Mr, O. M. Lewis Scarsdale. Mr. R H. Lo k, Smythesdale. Mr John Lynch (Chairman of Municipality of Scarsdale). Mr. G G. Morton, M.L.A. Mr. J. Oddie. Dr. Saenger, Smythesdale, Mr. W. O Smith, H L A. Mr Henry Smith, Dr, Stewart. Mr. John Taylor. Mr. Wm. Train (Chairman of Municipality of Smythesdale). Mr, D. Turpie. Mr. W. B. Wildey. Mr, John Woods, M LA. Mr. F. Young (Chairman of Municipality, Ballarat East). Standing Counsel ! Townsend McDermott. Bankers : The Union Bank of Australia, Solicitor : Henry Cuthbert. Boglneer : James R. Davies, O.F. Honorary Secretary : Edward Sandford. Temporary Offices : S Chamber of Commerce, Ballarat, Broker and Agents: Melbourne and Ballarat Messrs, Baillie and But- ton ; J. B. Were and Son. Ballarat Messrs, James Baker; J. B. Carver P. W. Welsh ; E A, Wynne, Geelong Messrs albion Brothers. Smythesdale Messrs Charles and Bruce. Icindsle-Mr. E. Merrin. Carngham-Mr. T. M. Smith. Brown's-Mr. K, P. Bain. Linton-Mr. W, H Capper. 1\. The object of this Company is to construct single line of railway from Ballarat to Smythesdale and Scarsdale, using wooden rails, and adopting the improved engines and carriages patented by J. R, Davis, O.F., Geelong and Ballarat Railway, 2\. The line will be nearly sixteen (16) mills length, passing throughout over Crown lands, prs< senting no considerable engineering difficulties. 8\. The important mining localities of Smythesdale, Scarsdale, Brown's, Linton, Carngham,. Lucky Woman's, and Italians, will, by means of the line, his brought within easy communication with Ballarat, and In addition to the revenue derivable from an Improved mode of transit, this railway will undoubtedly command the whole of the traffic to and from the rich agricultural and pastoral district of Skipton, Era Creek, and the country thence extending westward 11 Portland. At present the mail coaches from Portland I, via Hamilton, pass through Smythesdale. A considerable amount of traffic from Smythesdale to Geelong 11 at present diverted from Ballarat In consequence of the state of the roads. J be necessary land In ra served by the Government for the requirements of the company. 4, The mining district of Smythesdale has become one of the most important in the colony. Within the last year or two deep sinking has been prosecuted with great energy and success ; the yield of gold has been steadily increasing, and the place is rapidly assuming an aspect of stability which contrasts favourably with any other goldfield town in the colony, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, and perhaps Bitix worth, only excepted. 0, The traffic between Ballarat, Smythesdale, and the surrounding district, though seriously affected by the almost impassable condition of the road!, it at present vary cjnilderable-about sixteen (13) four horse coaches, besides private conveyances, put daily between Ballarat and Smythesdale the average fare being four shillings (4s ) Presuming that 10 persons travel In each coach, the weekly receipts from passengers would amount to £221, equal to £11,0 ii per annum ; besides which a large quantity of machinery and goods of every description passed over the road. Assuming that 20,000 tons of goods per annum would be conveyed along the line which It a very low estimate the gross receipts from this branch of train would, at 6d per ton per mile for 15 miles, amount to £9750 per annum. In addition t to which a vast quantity of timber, for building; and mining purposes, and also for fuel, would be conveyed by the company; 2\. The probable weekly receipts would, therefore, stand thus : From 1,630 passengers (50 per cent. above the present average at 3s.. £252 0 9 Cool, say 500 tons per week, at 6d, per ton per mile. 1ST 0 9 timber and fuel, say 80 0 11 Parcels and mails. 25 0 a Total weekly .. ,, £511 0 i Amounting, premium, to ,.£28,283 0 0 7\. Isaac calculations are based upon a very low estimate of the present requirements of the district, and without taking into consideration the future JJ velopment of Its resources, certain to remit from improved and extended mining, the working of they present land law, and a cheap and speedy modern transit to Ballarat, Melbourne, and the seaboard. 8\. The adaptability of Mr. Davies's improvements in the construction of engines and carriages to words i rails has been thoroughly established by actual trial i a short line laid down by that gentleman at the Gre 11 Bills, adjoining the Geelong and Ballarat Railway. 0\. For the information of those who have not had an opportunity of examining that line, it may be suggested that the rails are formed of hardwood, (0 x 1) sunk into transverse sleepers and fastened in a secure simple, and inexpensive manner. The bearing wheel of the engines and carriages have no flanges, but are kept on the road by means of guide wheels, inclined at an angle of 45 degrees, and revolving with slight pressure, on the upper surface of the rail, and without producing, even after long use any perceptible wear and tear. Each wheel of the engines and carriages, (except the driving wheels of the engine) acts upon its own axle, unconnected with its opposite wheel, and by this improvement the great torsional friction produced by the arrangement of the wheels in the ordinary locomotives and carriages IS entirely obviated, allowing them to traverse curves of much smaller radius, and causing less wear and tear. 10\. The line has been already accurately surveyed, and the cost of its construction carefully estimated at £5 900 per mile, which sum will include interest at the rate 10 per cent on the capital during coal striction. It will therefore only be necessary to call up capital to the amount of £80,000, 11\. Mr. Davies Is prepared to guarantee that the gross working expenses will not exceed £9380 per annum. This amount being deducted from the gross animated receipts, would show a net profit of £13,408, or upwards of 22 per cent, on the capital invested. 12\. The line can be completed so as to be ready for traffic In nine (9) months from the commencement. 13\. It intended to obtain, during the next session of Parliament, an Act to secure to the company limited liability, and the usual privileges enjoyed by railway companies. li. The merits of the undertaking have been fully and minutely discussed at public meetings in Ballarat, which have been attended by gentlemen of well known practical experience In connexion with ma< chinery, and the fullest confidence has been invariably expressed in the practicability and success of this enterprise. 15 Irrespective of the pecuniary benefit to be a road hythe shareholders from the Investment, It is manifest that the most important advantages would accrue to the district and the colony generally, by the introduction at a moderate outlay of a system of railways so well calculated to meet the requirements of the country. 16 Shareholders holding 60 shires will be eligible for directors. At all general meetings of the com many shareholders will be entitled to vote according to the scale following : Holders of 1 share and under R one vote. 5 shares and under 10, two votes. 10 shires and under 20, four votes. 50 shares and under 60, ten votes. 50 shares and under 100, Alteen votes. 100 shares and upwards, twenty votes. A general meeting of shareholders will be convened when one third of the full number of shares shall have been allotted. Application! for shares to be made to any of the brokers of the company. I Forth OF APPLICATION FOR SHARES. To the Provisional Committee of the Ballarat, Smythesdale, and Scarsdale Railway Company. Coat lemons hereby request you will allot me shares in the Ballarat, Smythesdale, an I Scarsdale Railway Company, and herewith hand you the sum of 5 , being the deposit of 5s. per share thereon and I agree to accept the same shares, or any less number that may be allotted to me, and to par this further sum of 10s. per share on allotment, and the to sign the subscription contract of the company when. called upon. Date Name in full Address Business signature. T El UNITY FIRE and LIFE INIUKASjrf ASSOCIATION of LONDON" Capital-£2^00,000 stealing, Chief Officer, i Unity Buildings, 8 Cannon-street, London. United annual Incomes. £180,000. The premium I Incomes of 1801 exceeded those of 1830 by upwards of thirty thousand pounds. The underttgnM are now authorised to take risks generally at the current rates of premium. , DICKSON, WILLIAM, and Co., AfStk; i 63 Redan street Model. Public Companies PROVIDENT INSTITUTE of VICTORIA IXIOK ARCE COMPANY, 85 Queen street. Capital, £60,000, With power to Increase to £1,000,000, Insurances effected at the current rates of transit aralaatflre. Forms and all necessary Information will be application at this office. JOHN PORTER, Managing Director THE LIVERPOOL and LONDON FIRE and LIFE IH8ÜRAH0S COMPANY. Directors In Victoria : Chairman-The Hon. James Henty, MLC T Che Hon. Sir J. G. Palmer, President of the Legislative Cornell. The Hon. Jas. M'Culloch, M.P. The Hon. BUT Frau. Marie phy, Speaker of the loss relative Assembly: Robert Turnbull, Esq.' Subscribed Capital, £1,887,020. Paid-up Capital and Accumulated Funds, £1,811,905 Of which £270,000 is INVESTED In VICTORIA and NEW SOUTH WALES. FIRE DEPARTMENT. This company Issues policies on property and goods subject to the reduced rates of premium. The fire income In 1861 was £860,180. LIPS DSPiRTMHNT. Idle Policies are issued with all the advantages of mutual company, combined with the stability to be derived from an influential proprietary,) a subscribed capital of nearly Two Millions, and iMCumttlated Funds, Including paid-up capital, to the amount at £1,811.006. The life income In 1861 exceeded £186,971, Leases are paid In Melbourne. No extra charge to Volunteers for active service give. Victoria. BATHS FOR SOUPS ABSURAlTOs 0? £100. £ s. d. 1 17 8 2 S S Age. Payment. Age. £ F. d. 2 6 6 2 16 3 Payment.' £ s. d. 8.0 4-8 10 8 Rains FOR £100, wire Gr/ABAsrrxis Board. Payment,! Age. Payment, £ s. d. 2 18 6 3 5 5 Age. 60 Payments "of 2. d." 8 17 2 12 7 The bonus being guaranteed, is not, as in most other companies, dependent upon profits, and is as follows: It a policy for £1,000 be taken out at 80 years of ago it will have increased In five years to £1,036161. 8d. In 10 years to £1,090 8s. 4d. In 20 years to £1,27 16s. In 80 years to £1,612 10s. In 40 years to £1,901 8s. 4d. Or, If the life dies between any of the last four period! the policy will be added to at the rate of 18s, 9d. per cent, per annum. No charge is made for voyages between any port in Australia, van Diemen's Land, or New Zealand, leaW faring persons by profession excepted. Policy-holders travelling can pay their renewal pre>' miner to, or in the event of death claims can be made from any of the branches-viz. in Sydney, New ZesT land, Van Diemen's Land, New York, London, etc. The rates charged in Australia are the same as those used in England. The many various modes of effecting Life Insurance 20 so to make provision for a family, or to accomplish some financial object, can be learned on application to the Resident Secretary, W. MURRAY ROSS. Herohandiae; JOSEPH TAYLOR and Co. have on SALE, Brandy-mixing, Imperial, and cue ; balk old tom Port-Forrester's, Graham's, and Lemon Hart's Sherry-Forrester's, Pauly Dasti's, and Amorato Bale's, and Victoria sperm candles; pints ale Jamaica ginger, white pepper, pimento, cloves White and blue starch, thumb and light ball hine Sheepwash tobacco, woolpacks, aneslo, saltpetre Mospratt's soda ash and crystals, toilet vinegar Peppermint and lemon eli, Java rice, pUtecfw&re; Turkey opium, chlorodyne, sparkling wines. Jw. IT sod 49 Flinders lane west. LORD and Co., Ltd Collins street west, have SALE, in lots to suit purchasers : Marrian's ale, No, 3, new brew Hops, American, 1861 ; Stewart's whiskey Blasting powder, sporting powder Sheepwash tobacco, in bond and destroyed American mess beef. Havannah cigars Boardman's yeast powders, Townnnd'a an parilla Double tape water fuse, cars, must hoops, like American carriages, buggies, waggons, &o.; Hone-powers, mowers, reapers, timber Winnowers, corn shellers. PUBLIC NOTICE Messrs. BRUSH and MACDONNELL respectfully inform the public that, being about to retire from business in Melbourne, they have determined on offering Every Article In their Magnificent Stock At Cost Price. Their goods having been imported by themselves direct from manufacturers of known celebrity, can be recommended in the highest manner and, as the present is an unusually advantageous opportunity, they particularly call the attention or their friends and our tomers to it Their stock comprises a large assortment of the following articles : Sterling silver plate, in tea and coffee services, salvers, claret jugs, race cups, spoons and forks, various patterns ; children's mugs, and elegant pieces for presentation. Electro plated ware in great variety, from Elling. ton and Co., B. Wilkinson and Co., No. Fine gold jewellery of the most valuable description, the new and beautiful flower brooches and bracelets, cameos, diamond rings, chains, alberts, signet rings, seals, keys. So. Gold and silver watches, best London make; office and hall clocks, drawingroom docks, eke Surveying instruments, comprising thsodoUtei, levels, clrcumtsrenters, prismatic compasses, staves, chains, tapes, and every requisite for the Srof casional surveyor, losophical Instruments, achromatic moral scores with various apparatus, adv pumps, electric machine!, galvanic and electric apparatus, magic lanterns and slides, microscopic: objects, to. Optical instruments, gold and silver spootaclM and eye glasses, telescopes, binocular field glasses, opera glasses, 4c. BRUSH and MACDONNELL, 25 Collins street, Melbourne. TO SURVEYORS Messrs. BRUSH and MAC DONNELL respectfully inform surveyors and others that, being about to retire from business in Melbourne, they have determined on offering Every Article in their Magnificent Stock At Cost Price. 6in. transit theodolites, with vertical circle divided on silver, £28 Sin. theodolites, divided on silver, tangent screw, in. theodolite, divided on silver, rack motion to vertical are, divided on silver, £21 Oravatt's dumpy levels, lain, with silver ring, compass, and tripod-stand, £16 Do. do., His, £18 Telescope levelling staff, left., painted, £8 81. Every other requisite for the professions! star. veyor. BRUsH and MACDONNELL, 23 Collins street east, Melbourne. BOUT eight tons best GUANO in the colony, of L per ton. Jones's Free Stores, Flinders lane. I A SEX of WEIGHTS WANTED, for Amsrlcsrt E½. scales, to weigh 12cwt. Levy Brothers, Bourke (street. BELL and BLACK'S, and Letchford's, VESTAS, Japan's, all sizes; E. Samuel and Co., 178 Elizabeth street south. The BOILED OIL, Is. 9d. per gallon, at John Smith's D paperhanging warehouse, 93 Smith street, Col Dogwood, BROWN PAPER, Paper Bags, and Btatloneryon. JO SALE, by Lorimer, Marwood, and Borne, William street. MOBROSIVE SUBLIMATE on SALE. Apply FU son and DalzslI, 10 A'Beckett street east. CRICKETING GOODS, of boat quality, Just re O ceived, per Great Britain and Yorkshire. Levy Brothers, Bourke street. CAUSTIC SODA, Muspratt's, In Iron drums, on SALE. Graham Brothers and Co., 91 Little Collins street east. COCOANUT FIBRE. COCOANUT FIBRE on U RALE. Thomas Tyson, a Elizabeth street south. CHAMPION'S warranted genuine WHITEHAll on SALE, wholesale and retail. E. Smith, oil and colour man, 152 Bourke street east D ERIISIS.-ASB'B TEETH STOPPING, Filling, to. Levy Brothers, 21 Bourke street east. EARTHENWARE, Glass, Chinaware, Hardware, Fancy Goods. Trade supplied. a. Goldaplar, 10 Little Lonsdale street west, Queen street. EMPTY CASKS WANTED, clean and dry, any size. Apply Victorian Kaolin Company, Eldon chambers. ?jlY/EBIGHT.-Hyams and Co.'s pure Brazilian Hi Pebble SPECTACLES, warranted, 7s. 6d.; steel spectacles, 2s. 6d. 67 Collins street east._ 171 FIRE WOOD. FIREWOOD, cheap, all lengths J, C Snowball, Australian Wharf aTt BEAT BRITAIN. PASSENGERS SUPPLIES; AT Cheap Trunks, Leather Portmanteaus, American franks, Boxes. Belkelk's, 81 Collins street west. pt HANG. Bright Brothers and CO. are soft press UT for PERUVIAN GUANO in the Australian feels miles, and have always a stock on hand of this invaluable manure. Sold in lots to suit purchasers, at 161 St. per cwt., at the Guano Stores, comer of Little Bourke and Spencer streets. pi GLASSWARE, China, and Earthenware. in original UT packages, or repacked in quantities of salt per chasers. Henry Steward, 46 Flinders-lane east, owes for Messrs. Degraves's. pp HANG. Flat Island GUANO, £6 6s. per ton, UT superior to Peruvian. Askunas and Co., 81 Queen street. PI WALTERS, crystal, five and six burners. Do. "UT bronzed and lacquered, two to eight burners, [Levy Brothers gLASS SHADES, black and gilt stands: Fera VT Skadot, with stands ; Propagators, Bee Blaise?, and Milk Dishes, on SALE. Henry Steward, 15 Flinders lane east AY and BARLEY FORKB, Thrarshlng-maohlné by John Gray and Co., on SALE, by Flower. McDonald, and Co. William street HOSKINS, Saddles, Harness, Saddle- trees, as" on SALE, Miles and 00,21 Queen street. Merchandise. IRON PIPES. -Cut iron WATER PIPES, Fire Plugs, Valves, Hydrants, c Oppenheimer and Co,, 42 Collins street east. ISON BAILS. Light IRON RAILS on lAMb. Oppenheimer and Co:, 42 Collins street east. IRON WATER TANKS, 400 gallons, suitable for sheepwash boilers, W. H. Lamond, 65 Flinders street. IMPROVED KEROSENE CHIMNEYS. Went break. Went break. Long and Co., importers' 160 Bourke street east. KEROSENE CRYSTAL OIL, warranted genuine. 4s 2d per gallon. Long and Co, Importers, 163 Bourke street east. K EROSENI (Dr Macadam's report), "Bare," issued gallon. Stock selling off. P. Langwill and Co. METERS. -Slemou'a patent WATEH- MBTIRI, Brass Taps, Hydrants, Valves, c. Oppea helmer and Co., 42 Collins street east._ OBB'S pure BRAZILIAN PEBBLES process, assist, strengthen sight. Beware counterfeit!,' Moss, optician, 17 Collins street west._ OBS'S OPTIOAI-, Mathematical, and Teitlnf INSTRUMENTS. Every article guaranteed I correct. Moss, optician, 17 Collins street west. OPOSSUM RUGS, tanned and untanned. large assortment Selkirk, 84 Collins street west. Trunks, Portmanteau, Bedding, Tinware CIL. CHINESE Olia, in cues and lard, best quality. J. J. Marshall and Co, in Flinders lane east PHOTOGRAPHIC GOODS, Cameras, Lenses, Oasis and Chemicals, Johnson's, wholesale dealers, 61 Little Louis-street east AOE GAMES, a few just opened, ex Great Britain. Levy Brothers, 24 Bourke street east. on SLIPPER'S celebrated FRENCH . POLISH, on SALE, wholesale and retail. E, Smith, OllAnl [ colour man, 152 Bourke-street east, SULPHURIC ACID and SODA ASH on SALE, Graham Brothers and Co., 01 Little Collins street east SHBKPSHEARs.-Sorby's SHEePSHEARS ON SALE. Bishop and Keep. 37 Elizabeth street. SHEEPWASH TOBACCO on SALE. Currie and Smith, 137 Swanston-street SOFT SOAP, Arsenic, Ivory Black, Whiting. Gluo, Bluestone, Borax, PruBtlate, Canary Seed, Gold leaf, blue and red Elver, for sheep marking ; Tar Spirits, Halliday's Napths, Blacklead, Salad and Sweet Oils, Machinery and Paint Oils, Reuben A. Fitch, 9) Flinders lane east HRKE-BU8HBL BAGS, Sglb.', landing ex Ore? bound. Wilshin and Leighton, Market street. TENTS, Tents, Tents for the million, at of _Luhnlng'a, Prince's street. Dunedin 0 SHEEPSHEARSRS.-I.H. and Robert Sorby's SHEEPSHIARg for SALE, at half-price 121 Little Collins street east ESTAS.-Letflhtord's waxVEITAS, alleges BALE. 0. and I. S. Davis and Co., 422 Collins: street west._ TAPOBISCR8. An elegant and cheap apparatus for diffusing the fragrance of flowers, and partly, to. the air in sick-room. Levy Brothers, Bourke street. WATER TANKS, corrugated galvanized Iron, all sizes, at McClelland, 41 Little Bourke stroll early WHITELEAD, Foulger's, best quality, in iron and wooden kegs, on SALE, at lowest rates, Rolfe and Bailey, 98 Bourke-street west OOLPAOEB, now landing, on SALE, by Lord mer, Marwood, and Rome, William street. w WHITING, in 3cwt. casks, on SALE, at lowest rates, by Miller and Johnston, 65 Little Collins street west WANTED, au outside REFLECTOR LAMP, for? jeweller's shop. Apply E. Coppel, No. Queen street, i" 2 -------------2 Publications and Literature... AUSTRALIAN EVANGELIST, edited by James Taylor, Collins street Baptist Church, BJ. Office, 78 Collins street east _ BRADSHAW'S RAILWAY and GENERAL. GUIDE, with Map, 84 Wilton and Mackinnon, 78 Collins-street east UZZARD'S LIBRARY, exceeding 4,500 volumes, All NEW WORKS and MAGAZINE! by every mail. Printed catalogue, Is. _ BUZZARD'S LIBRARY, established 1868. single subscription, £1 yearly, commencing any date, [ 181 Bourke-street, opposite Market. EDUCATIONAL GAZETTE, Literary Competitions; Scientific and General Review, No 1, VoL.8^ will be published on Monday, 16th September. Sub scription, 10s. per annum, Wilson and HtokianoBt 78 Collins street east._ GILLESPIE- SURVEYING, Road - Making, Feuchtwanger on Gems, La Lever's Modern Architecture, Loomlt's Practical Astronomy. Dwight ? bookseller. ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS, Home News,' Punch, and Saturday Review. Subscriptions; received Charlwood, 7 Bourke street. at JUST REC lIVED by the mail, the new volumes of ONCE A WEEK, London Journal, Temple Bar and Chambers's Journal. Samuel Mullen, book seller, 65 Collins street east. EY'S ARNOLD'S GREEK AND LATIN BROS COMPOSITION, First Creek and Henry's Fills 1 Latin Books. Dwight, bookseller LAW RELATING to ATTORNEYS, by PulllngeiT Third edition, 1882. F. Bailliere, 86 Could street east MUSIC.-Overland.--A choice collection of PIANO and DANCE MUSIC, per Bombay. Wilkie,' WV butter and Co.. Collins street MUSIC-Overland,-Lealle'a DAUGHTER of the ISLES and Verdi's CANTATA. Wilkie, WetH ster, and Co., Collins street. sTEW BOOKS, just received per Overland Mail, JUN and on SALE, by GEORGE ROBERTSON, 69 Elizabeth street, viz : Wilkie Collins's Basil, new edition, uniform with the Woman in White Rolley of Shelley, edited by Richard Garnett Thomas Head's Collected Works, comical serious, uniform edition, edited by his son. vol. 8 Banking and RadcIifFb's Half-yearly Abstract of the Medical Sciences, vol. 85, January to June. , 1862. New Cheap Novels. Almard's Queen of the Savannah I Lever's Harry Lorrequer Lever's D Altson, vol. 2 Scott's Novels, vol. 7-Hearts of Mid Lothian Cynthia Thorold, by the author of Whitefriars Experiences of a Beal Detective, by Waters Wraxall's The King's Paso St. John's Chain of Dearly, GEORGE ROBERTSON, 69 Elizabeth street. NEW BOOK, Received by this Mail. Arrlvaheno'a Italy under Victor Emmanuel, vote. M'Ghoo'n How we got to Pekin Latham's Elements of Comparative Philology Gronow'a (Captain) Reminiscences Sliumondi's Waste Products Adams's Roads and Balls Lowea's Studies in Animal Life Grandmother's Money, cheap edition, 1 vol. Brother Help Gatty's (Uri) Aunt Judy's Letters Belles of Shelley, edited by B. Garnett Hood's Works, vol 8 Melville's (Whyte) The Queen's Maries, 2 vols. Smith's Gravonhurst Winslow's Sympathy at Chi 1st Sola's Accepted Addresses Torrent's Travels in Ladas, Tartary, bo. Macdonald's British Colombia and Vancouver _ Island Ten Years of Imperialism in France Gausien's Canon of Holy Scripture Clough's Poems Martin's Progress, c., of Brltlshflndia. And many other Important new works. SAMUEL MULLEN, bookseller, 65 Collins street east, Melbourne -JVfOWBEADY.theVIOTORIANINSOLVENTLIBC XX for 21 YEARS, an alphabetical register of Victorian Insolvencies from 1842 to July, 1862, giving the name, date, trade, residence, liabilities, and assets, certificates granted, suspended, and refused, dividend! declared, and names of official assignees, to. PARis assignments from 1854 to July, 1862. Price, 25s. To be had at Punch office, 72 Collins street east, and the booksellers THE YEOMAN, and AUSTRALIAN AOOLIMA TIBER, If a new Weekly Journal, which, it is believed, will be found interesting to all intelligent colonists, but particularly to those engaged in country pursuits. Leaving to existing newspapers the ordinary intellect gence of the day, and discussions In the exciting arena of politics, the new Journal will devote its entire space to details affecting the interests of the country gentleman, the (father, agriculturist, settlers gardener, and vine-grower. It will combine with such topics full particulars all sports and recreations of a manly and Uralla. I character and present a complete epitome of ivory thing interesting to persons occupied in any form of a rural pursuit. She project of systematically adding to our list of valuable products everything that the whole worn cap furnish adapted to our Roll and climate, will form a special department of the paper; and it will be a principal object with its conductors to find every assistance to the case in its widest and most cosmos pentan aspect. The latest and most ample Information will be cov stantly presented from English and foreign publi- cations upon all subjects connected with the nobler sports ; with the breeding, feeding, and Improvement of stock ; the newest and most perfect treatment i I all kinds of crops, and upon everything calculated to add to the profit or pleasure of its readers, and Is further the development to the utmost of the return of the colony. Scientific] and philosophical subjects, treated In i popular style, will not be neglected. And the aid of intelligent correspondents will be invited to threes the light of the best colonial exporters upon the various subjects passed in review. The YEOMAN, and AUSTRALIAN ACCLIMATISE Is published at The Argus office. It consists of fixing wages, and the subscription will be 30s, per annum. payable in advance. The scale for advertising is as follows: For twenty-four words 2, Is, 64, From twenty-four words to half an inch .... _. .... Is. 6d. For one Inch .... _ .. Sa, Oh. it's a liberal allowance for additional insertions. Publications and mortars say £3 W ia H A v T li RECORD Tuotman. The VINE in AUSTBAIilA, Its Culture and Management, By A. 0 KELLY. M. D, South Australia. Demy 8vo., 548 pp. The text illustrated by some rous wood engravings. Price reduced to 81. 6rL,U ornamental boards by post. Is. 6d, extra. CONSULS. Chapter 1. Introduction. 2 Climate Limits of Vine Rogica. ,, 8. Soil and Situation Adapted to Vine Growing " 4, Preparation of 800, Hand.Irencnleff, Terracing, to. 6 Pruning, with numerous UlaiUsttOtaV " 6 Winter Work. 7 Fermontalhn. " 8. Do, continued. " 0. Preparations for Vintage. " 10. Vintage. 2 " 11. Cellar. _ " 12. Varieties of Vine Ouunted in Australia 4PPS1TOIX. Tronchlngand terracing, bom Man's Letter on the Vine. 2\. Wine making at Xeres. NOTICES OF THE Passe. This volume well merits a leas passing notice than we have hitherto had an opportunity of giving It. Dr. Kelly's long and practical experience of tbosubieji in South Australia, where for 12 years he was a wine Drawer, entitles him to claim for his opinions a re spectral consider action, to which few in the colony gave an equal, none perhaps a better, right. Dr. Kelly tells us that the general interest taken at present in the cultivation of the vine and wine growing in the Australian colonies has induced him to make public the results of his experience. He addressed himself principally to those who have litt be no acquaintance with vine-culture. The task Sr. Kelly has been marked out for himself he appears to have well fulfilled. The volume contains a large amount of knowledge on every subject of wine making. ....... Chapter V. treats of the preparation of soil; Chairs, ter V. (well Illustrated), of pruning and Chapter VI of winter work. We then come to wine- making, which subject is contained in Chapters VII, and VIII, on fermentation. Here we have a vast amount of extremely interesting information. Chapters I. to XI. treat of preparation for the vintage, the vintage, and the cellar, under which heads is given very various and valuable information. Chapter XII., on the varieties of vines cultivated in Australia, we are strongly tempted to quote entire, bat must abstain in Justice to the author, trusting that all interested in this most interesting of subjects for Victoria will read it for themselves in the years, which we can strongly recommend to Its conscientious attention to detail, and the excellent arrangement of Its copious Information. The Appendix contains an art here on trenching and terracing, fron M aro's letters on the cultivation of the vine, and another on wine making at Xeres. Good illustrations accompany the letterpress wherever needed. We have no hesitation in saying that no book hitherto published in the colony can rank by the side of Dr. Kelly's for amplitude and excellence of treatment, white for its accuracy, the author's name it, we imagine, sufficient guarantee. We must not omit to say that the style in which this book has been produced reflects no small credit on the publishers The Argus. I Dr. Kelly's now work on the "Vine in Australia," -printed and published by Sands, Kenny, and Co., of Melbourne, is divided into twelve chapters, of which the following are the titles Climate, Soil and Situa- tion adapted for vine- growing, Preparation of Soil Pruning, Winter Work, Fermentation, Preparations for Vintage, Cellar, and Varieties of Vine cultivated in Australia. This work should, then, embody, in its 200 pages of closely, printed matter, and it is desirable ) and necessary for the vine grower of these colonies to know, from the choice of date for his vineyard and the planting of his calling, up to the manufacture and cellarage of his wine, or even to their preparation for market-if this last should not, indeed, as in all extensive wine manufacturing countries, fall among us In other hands. And that Dr. Kelly's work does embody all this may be inferred without dipping very deeply into It . Dr. Kelly's book on the " Vine in Australia" should be in the hands of every wine-grower In Australia, whether cultivating for pleasure or profit, for grass, raisins, or wine, and on a large or small seale.-Jfef bourne Herald. In this neatly printed volume, the general appears ance of which reflects the highest credit open the publishers, a gentleman residing in South Australia has, In a lucid, practical, and unpretentious manner, placed before the public the result of 12 years' ex- portent as a wine-grower in Australia. Dr. Kelly divides his elaborate and metal treatise upon the vine Into 12 chapters. The first six are more immediately devoted to the plant itself ; the two next having relation to the phenomena of fermentation, Ac, and all the details of that most important matter. The two following chapters refer exclusively to the vintage, the next to the cellar, and the last to the varieties of the vine at now developed In these colonies. In the Appendix, also, there are two other chapters one upon trenching and terracing (a reprint from Mare's admirable letters on the Vine and the other upon wine-growing at Xeres. Such is a brief synopsis of the work now lying before us. The chapter upon the pruning of the vine let, perhaps, the most valuable of the whole book. It is entirely of a practical nature, and is so arranged and illustrated as to be intelligible to the meanest capacity. . We cordially recommend this book to all Australian vine-growers. Sydney Morning Herald. the importance of the subject treated of In this book cannot but be recognised by all who have taken an interest in the advancement of the material interests of this colony and those who look late Dr. Kelly's work for practical Information will not be dil e appointed. As a clear and comprehensive view of the subject, it is an agreeable book for the general reader. But its chief aim is, evidently, to afford the requisite aid to those who are desirous of cultivating the vine to advantage. There is an appendix on " trenching and terracing from Metro's Letters on the line; and another on <? Wine-making at Xeres." The work, as a whole, is a thorough practical golden book, presenting a selection of facts and lUajtraUons that cannot fail to interest the reader, and to vine growers it will prove a most valuable aid Byrne Empire. Good books on Australian vine-culture and wine making are not numerous. The letters of Maro, which deservedly enjoy a IargoBharo of popularity, constitute, perhaps, the best work on the subject : out they are professedly incomplete. There was still required a book that should deal with all parts of the question in a practical and yet scientific manner-a back that should he valuable both to the beginner and the man of experience. Such a book Dr. Kelly, for 12 years a wine-grower in this colony, has now produced and it is for the purpose of giving our readers some idea of its contents that we now direct attention to its publication. ....... We have thus given a brief notice of a work which many of our readers will probably peruse for themselves. It makes its appearance at a suitable moment, and will, we doubt not help to bring about in these colonies the state of things quoted by the writer, when he says, there shall dwell safely every man under his vine and under his fig- trees, from Dan even to Beer ah eba." Soi/r Australian Register. Published by SANDS and MCDOUGALL (late Sands, Kenny, and Co.), Collins street, Melbourne. Sydney-John Bandt, George street, and to be had of all booksellers in Australia. PARLIAMENTARY DEBATES. Eianm YOMTIIB. Now ready, in octavo, 1872 pages, half-bound calf, price £1, the VICTORIAN HANSARD, containing the Debates and Proceedings of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Colony of Victoria. Serslon 1861-1862, accompanied by carefully-compiled indeed The previous volumes can also be had uniform with the above. FiRST PAnMAjntirr. Vols. I. II, - Session I. - 1856-1857 - £4 100 Vol. III. - Session 11.- 1867-1868 1 16 G Vol. IV. - Session 1II.-1868-1869 8 0 0 SECOND PARLIAMENT. Vols. V. VI.- Session I. - 1860.1860 .. £5 IB 0 Vol VII. - Session II.-1880-1861!.. 4 0 0 Melbourne : WILSON and MACKINNON, Printers and Publishers, 78 Collins street east PERIODICALS and NEWSPAPERS, Latest Dates by Mail, Melbourne Mechanics'' Institution the following, up to July 20, can now be seen The MINING JOURNAL, Economist, Athenum, Satur- da; Beyiew, Illustrated London News, London Punch, London Times, So. THE EXAMINER, and MELBOURNE WEEKLY NEWS, a Journal of Politics, Literature, Art, and Social Progress, is published In Melbourne every Saturday morning, and delivered at an early hour to Subscribers in town and suburbs. A special edition is Issued every Friday afternoon intime for the country mails, and posted to the ad dresser of subscribers, as well as forwarded for sale to the various news agents throughout the colony. The subscription to the EXAMINER payable in advance) Is Six Shillings per quarter, delivered In town, or Seven Shillings If sent by post. The quarters begin on the 1st of January, 1st of April, 1st of July, and 1st of October, in each year. Subscribers ordering the EXAMINER at any period during the currency of a quarter are charged only for the period for which they actually recel re the paper. The EXAMINERS is designed to supply the want of a Grassdale Weekly Paper, long felt by a large data of readers in town, and by others in the country districts whose hands the daily journals do not secularly reach. It is liberal in politics, whilst maintaining an entire Independence or parties and political organisms tens : Ita Intelligence complete and accurate, and brought down to the latest moment A ootuddsratU space is devoted to original literary articles. The EXAMINER consists of twenty pages of fear columns each, and is thus the largest paper published the Australian colonies. Printed and published by GEORGE DILL, Collins street, Melbourne, to whom all advertisements and communications may be forwarded. less Produce, Provisions, are. ADELAIDE FLOUR on SALE, Duffield was paid superfine (silk-dressed) ; Donn and Reason da. Rolfe and Bailey, 88 Bourke- street west. ADELAIDE FLOUR, Dunn's, Beeby's, and Burner's, colonial and Californian. H. L. Sharpe, 18 Elisa [beth street south. of A ADELAIDE FLOUR, Harrison s, and Wheat, now JSL landing. Bulow and 63., 10 Little Lonsdale, near Queen street. ADELAIDE BUTTER. ex Havilah. Smith Boche, and Co, 28 Flinders lane west BARLEY and BRAN, prime samples from Adelaide, ex- Prince Arthur. Samuel Home and Co., 281 Elisabeth street. BUTTER, colonial potted, Oral-class, lowest rates, of Regular shipments. Hardy and Co., Market street. BUTTER on SALE, a prime parcel ; also English. Cheese, 166 Swanston street, near Lonsdale street. BUTTER, 100 tubs, new Adelaide, now landing, ex Havilah, lowest rates. F. Sheahan and Co., Western Market CHAFF, bydiKQlIc pressed, cat, and sifted, by our patent machinery. SBB Elizabeth street ; factory, Remington. Produce, Provisions, Etc. CHEESE, Cheshire, Cheddar, and Dunlop ; Sinclair's Hams, Crystallized Jujubes. John Courte, ISO Collins street west COARSE Liverpool SALT on SALE. Fllsomai Cahill, 10 A'Beckett street t HKESB, ex Great Britain, TRUOKLE and DouMs '.. Gloucester, on SALE, by Lorimer. Marwood, and Rome. if COFFEE, Plantation, native, and Java on SALE. Q Browne and Reid, 10 Collins street east. ENGLISH BARLEY, for seed and matting, on SALE, Wm. Bayles and Co, 97 Collins street west, _ EPAHILIEB wanting fresh BUTTER, quality first I -tv class, from the country, address Butter, office 1 ! this paper J 7 LOUR, Hoyne Milla, silk dressed, always on SALE] Callender and Co., 41 King street. "TTILOUR-Hart'«, Merri, Exeter, Emerald, an! V Strathmore Mills. William Bayles and Co., Col- , and streets I (ORAH, Gram; also Maize, Bran, and Pollard, as lowest rates. Alex. Clark and Co., 17 Queen, street I. HAMS and BACON, KIngau's and Cosy's, on SALE, by Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome, WIFe Ham street AY and CHAFF, hydraulic pressed. In any quantity, quality guaranteed, on SALE Alexander Morison, Western Market. HAY, Melbourne hydraulic pressed, bales, 1901. Eastwood Brothers and Co., 286ElI«abethstreet; factory, Flemington. JAVA RICE, small bags. Joseph Taylor and Co;, 47 and 49 Flinders lane west. Mr MAIZE, Maize. Shipments constantly arriving JJ J. steamers and sailing vessels. Lowest prices. Holmes and Russell, 280 Elizabeth street MAZZA, 6,000 Dutheli, pick of Sydney market. (Lowest prices for sound and good,) Thomas Wright, 143 Swanston street MUSCATEL RAISINS, in layers, just landed for SALE, by Parbury, Lamb, and Co" 12 Queen B'rcot._^^ 7NT, EW BUTTER, ex Great Britain, on SALE. John IT O'Donnell, 5 Little Collins street. ON SALE, by the undersigned, H Adelaide floor, Magarey's, Hart's, and Dunn's, ' fine and superfine ; Stevens', Blamey's (Crows Mills), Allen's, and other first-class brands. Victorian, Tasmanian, and American barrel flour Wheat, Adelaide and Tasmanian seed and milling. 1 wheat, bran, pollard, hay, oats, and potatoes Sydney maize, to, Agent frf Thorley's cattle food. W. LAWRANCE, 44 William street. OATS Van Diemen's Land, Californian, Danish, . Scotch, and colonial Samuel Boase and Co,, 26AVEl_«both street. OATS, Maize, Grain, Barley, Wheat, Bran, Pollard ' lowest rates, Alex. Clark and Co, 17 Queen street OATS, Californian, Tasmanian ; Pollard, Bran, and Sydney Halse, on SALE. W. H. Lamond, £5 Flinders street ATS-Tasmanian feed and feed OATS on SALE. William Bayles and Co,, Collins street west. 0, POTATOES. 100 tons bell Circular Head, landing, ex Yarra and Tommy. Charles Curtis, Western Market POTATOES, Circular Head. A few tons of selected seed, ex Tommy, Loughnan, 49 Flinders street west. us, on main-. j uni Little Collins street. PRIME CORNED BEEF The undersigned has on FINALE prime BEEF, is tierces, prepared ex properly for ships' use and exportation. George Petty, 204 Bourke- street east and 217 Elizabeth street. B RICE, Patna, ex Astron, on SALE. Charles Watson, 19 Flinders line west. 9 ICE, new Patna, ex Blackburn. Lorimer, Mar weed, and Rome, William street ALT, fine coarse and rock, on SALE, Charles Watson, 19 Flinders lane west SEEDS, RYE GRASSES, splendid samples ; White and Red Clovers ; sorghum, Holcus, Sunflower, Chicory Board. Reynolds's, Swanston street SEEDS for New Zealand. Every description AGKI ' CULTURAL, Vegetable, and Flower SEEDS for exportation Boyoolda'a, 85 Swanston street QKEDD.-How RADDISH, Cabbage, Cauliflower, C? . Turnip, ex Yorkshire Fresh arrivals every month. Reynolds's, 35 Swanston street SEEDS, RedandYellowMangold,Belglanand Scarlet I Carrot, Spring Tares, Field Peas. Reynolds's, Swanston street WHEAT, superior samples, for seed and milling. William Bayles and Co, 97 Collins street wait. CS S Stonor. AUSTRALIAN MONEY OFFICES, 64 and 54 Little Collins-street east, established 1854 - SUMS ready to be ADVANCED this day, from £20 to £500. On mortgage, from £600 to £5,000. Lowest Interest, strictest economy, and utmost promptitude. John Whitty, manager, AUSTRALIAN HONEY OFFICES. ADVANCES : promptly made on furniture and other chattels, borrowers retaining possession John Whitty. ADVANCES, £10, £20, £80, £40, £50, £60, £70, £80. £90, £100, £160, £200, on deposit of deeds. William Gledhill, 82 Lonsdale street west, ADVANCES on deposit of deeds. Mortgages c- negotiated. Rents collected. J. Bellin, ans pioneer, 69 Gertrude street, Collingwood. ADVANCES, £60, £100, £200. to £1,000. Daniel Grant, money broker, 68 Elizabeth Street. ADVANCES, £800 to £10,000, from 8 per cent . Mortgages released. Advances on merchandise. John Huggins, 41 Swanston street. ADVANCES. £10, £20, £60, and £100,'dopoatt of goods or bills of sale. John Huggins, al Swanston street. As ADVANCES, £800, £600, to £1,000, on mortgage, 10 per cent. William Gledhill, 32 Lonsdale street west._ ?¡¡VUOHAN, 67 Little Collins street east. ADV The > VANCES ready, £10 to £1000, on depositing deeds or mortgage C' J. HAM, 45 Swanston street. £50 to £6,000 on" a freehold security. Lowest rates. TI lEPOBITING DEEDS. £20, £50. £40, £60, £00, U £70, £80, £100, £200, £300, £400, to £10,000. Lowest Interest In Melbourne, Victorian Honey In estimate, 60 Queen-street Mr REDGATE Two SHARES in QUARTZ REEF," £100 each. Splendid Investment, Mr. Freeman, 408 Collins street east. of LEGACIES, Annuities, &c.; Persons entttlouTa JU same in England can receive ADVANCE! Ihoroon on application to Mr. Bull, 84 Chancery lane, Melbourne. T IBERAL cash ADVANCES MADE on wool con JU signed through us to our London house, for a commission of one and a quarter (16) per cent., and charging no interest. L. Stevenson and Sons. MONEY to LEND, In sums of £600 and upwards at 8 per cent, Macoboy and Wyborn, solicitors, Chancery Ians,' MONEY. Gentlemen, tradesmen, and others requiring temporary loan can be immediately ACCOMMODATED with BUBB tram £20 to £1000,' en security of their household furniture, machinery, c stock-in-trade, same remaining In their possession without supervision. The strictest secrecy can be confidently relied upon Mr. Bull, 84 Chancery-lane Melbourne MONEY, furniture, stock-in-trade, machinery, Ko. Borrowers holding their goods. Victorian Moppy Institute, 00 Queen street MONEY LENT on deeds, furniture, stock in-trade, &o;, Jennings, corner Little Collins and Swanston streets. M~~ MONEY ADVANCED, on deposit of deeds. Leaf Interest. T. Whitaker, 89 Swanston street, opposite Rainbow Hotel. MONEY ADVANCED, large or small amounts, on approved bills or other securities. T. Whitaker,' ' 66 Swanston street TO NEW ZEALAND. - MONEY ADVANCED, one JLT hour's notice, on deposit receipts, or any security Peck, 6 Bourke street KB. ROQBRB, Heohanlcs' Inttitntton-buildings, . has to LEND, SUMS from £10, £100, £1,000 to £8,000 SUMS. £5,000, and £2,600, at 7 per cent. ; £609 and £1,000,8 per cent. Confidence, Post-office, Melbourne. THE Victoria Life and General Insurance Company and Savings Institute is prepared to ADVANCE MONEY at current rates of interest, in sums of not less than £600 on freehold property, stock and stations, merchandise, bonded certificates, and other securities, JOSEPH COLLIE, Secretary. Melbourne, 82 Collins street east, Sept, 3, 1882 rgyo LEND, on mortgage, £6400, In SUMS from JL £600 to £5,000. Country lands preferred, 141 Cooper. St. Kilda TWO HUNDRED POUNDS to LEND, on freehold property. Address W. T., Fost-oBIco, East Collingwood. TWO HUNDRED POUNDS WANTED, to BOB BOW, on mortgage, for three years. Freehold land security. Address English, poiVoffloo, Hotham. satexUoal. ARTIFICIAL TEETH, 10s. each. HIEB, late of London, dentist, 180 Collins street east, and Bli, Mechanics' Institute. ARTIFICIAL TEETH inserted in a superior manner In gold, or by the newly improved and. canine process. Mr. Gamming, surgeon-dentist, 51 Swanston street, opposite Town-hall. ARTIFICIAL TEETH, 10s. each. The great improvement in modern dentistry is ESKEDD'J IMMOVABLE and iNDESTRUCTIBLE TERm, without springs or fastenings, surpassing all other contrivances resorted to by the profession. Mr, L, Eskell, surgeon dentist, 67 Swanston street A Certain CURE for RHEUMATISM, Indigestion, j Biliousness. Nervous Debility, Affections of the Cheat, Liver, Skin Diseases, and Bells, will be foal from taking DAY'S CONCENTRATED COMPOUND, Sarsaparilla, Dandelion, and Potash. Sole proprietor, I say, chemist, 27 Lonsdale-street west, Melbourne, J Medical. ARTIFICIAL TEETH, 10s. each, on the mernda, neum plate, without wires, tatest attentions. Miss, dantUt, 81, Mechanics' Institute. _ BEST preparation in the world la DAYS COM OaWIBATKD COMPOUND Sarsaparilla, Druids lion, and Potash, which Improves the working of all he important functions of the system, then ensure good health to nil. Sole proprietor, Day, chemist, 27 Lonsdale-street west, Melbourne. BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT-Mr, BAMFORD, from Pimlico, London. DENTIST to His Excel- show Sir Henry Barkly, K.O.B, lCd Swanston street. Teeth stopped, scaled, extracted, and every operas Inn performed with the greatest care and attention, Painful operations performed (If preferred) under the influence of chloroform. The lots of teeth supplied in the best manner. Charges strictly moderate. piONS. CORNs EXTRACTED without cutting *~/ by D. Goldschmidt, Collins street, corner of Swan tion street (Neave's buildings). DR. L. L. SMITH can be CONSULTED DAILY on all colonial diseases and chronic affections. Bourke street east DR. HUNTER, Consulting and Operating Surgeon, MLA having returned to the colony, begs leave to intimate to the profession and public generally, that- he has RESUMED PRACTICE at his residence, 11 Russell street south (Just above Flinders street). R. LILIENFELD has REMOVED to 118 CoUtaT Hay-street east, near Russell street ENGLISH and American HERB MEDICINES, in great variety, invaluable to diggers. Botanic Dispensary, 68 Gertrude street, Fitroy. ÏTOMCEOPATHY.-Dr. BAY. CONSULTING FOR U MOORABBIN PHYSICIAN, Surgeon, and he coughed. 00 Collins street east. Hours, 10 Uli 6. H0MG30PATHY.-A PUBLIC DISPENSAS Y will be OPENED on Monday, September 8, fat 90 Collins street east. Consultations grass. before 6 o'clock daily. Consulting physician and surgeon, Dr Ray, L R O.P., M B.O B.L M, late house-surgeon i l of London Homoeopathic Hospital, we OMCEOPAIHY.-Fresh stock of MEDICINES. CASES, Books, are., ex Great Britain. Melbourne Homoeopathic Pharmacy, 90 Collins street; carries ÍNSANlTY.-DABbURY HOUSE BETBMAI for. the INSANE, Pascoevale. Established 1856V-VA« , ( ANGLES for LADIES. Any Information may be the tainedon application to Mr. Harcourt, Immigrants j fence, Prince Bridge T EEOHES, Leeches On SALE, a fine sample of Li Marry LEECHES. Geo. Boulton, 183 Russell streets 5 r ADAMS CAROLE, CONSULTING OTJUBVOY« IiXl ANTE and CURATIVE MESMERIST, Mall India Home, Stephen street south, Letters enclosed return .tamps.-T=w"-» -?¡VTR. GRAY, MR C.AÈs,, aye years resident Sur live' soon as Mr. Wilde. Dublin, practises excites lively in DISEASES or the EYE and SAD, 25 But litU street south. For the convenience of patients residing in the country; Mr, Gray has made arrange [ rights to receive a few into his residence. Fortorrav [apply 26 Russell Street R. ESKELL, SURGEON DENTIST, begs to lost form the public, that on Saturdays he can only to consulted till! o'clock, except by special appoint- ment GAVE your TEETH Extraction rendered quite O unnecessary by the use of WADDELL highly < celebrated ANODYNE. No family should be without it. Sold by W. Ford and Co., 67 Swanston-street sols r gents for Melbourne. SKIN ERUPTIONS and ULCERATED LEGS of 14 years' standing (with testimonials) successfully treated. Apothecaries' Hall, Elizabeth Street Trio prevent your hair from falling off use the ROB l TUGUESE HAIR MIXTURE, prepared by VtV Ford and Co, chemists, 67 Swanston street Building materials. AT CARLTON SAW-MILLS, top of Elisabeth street. W SMITH and Co. have on SALE, Baltic logs ; red, white, and Oregon deals American lumber, shelving clear pine, and flooring; Scotch 6 and I flooring, from 6 x 4. to 6 x lt Doors, windows, casements, and mantelpieces Architraves, mouldings, shirtings, and turnery Weatherboard!, lining, quartering, and laths Cedar, blackwood, Kauris and ash planks Galvanized corrugated iron and due, all lengths Hiatos, lead, ridging, spouting, cement, lime. The goods being kept under cover are dry, and light for carriage. 4 X COLLINGWOOD SAW-MILLS", near Paris de ment Houses, C and J SMITH have on SALE. BUILDING MATERIALS of every description, at lowest prices. Baltic and Oregon logs, deals and battens American lumber, shelving, clear pint, of flooring Doors, windows, architraves, mouldings, and turnery Cedar, blackwood, and Kaurie, la log and boards Eighty tons galvanized Iron, every length and gauge Slates, load, zinc, cement, ridging, and spouting Scotch flooring boards, weatherboards, and lining; The goods, which are of the best quality, being fair tudor cover, are dry and light for carriage. AT 7 Queen street, Wouldham's patent PORTLAND! CEMENT, now landing ex William Kidston and Birmingham, In excellent order A HEBIOÂrTLmîÎfTtft. and 5ft. 3in. Colonial Ti Sawn and split, 8s. to 4ft. 6in. Dyer's, 7 Qset-. treat A MOTHER large lot of Sydney cat CEDAR, wer _ cheap, at Wood's steam sawmills and timber . and, Collingwood CARBON TIMBER-YARD.-OB SALES J Kauri, Oregon, hardwood and cedar logs; dials and battens (solid and cat); cedar m board American clearing, grooved and tongued waits and pitch pine ; Scotch boards, grooved and tongued, Ox J, j, 9, and 12 inch; lining and. weather boards, VDL planking, shingles, and? Mersey palings, 5ft. and 6ft, Hall, inside. sash and casement doors; sashes, windows complete, architraves, moulds, side sign-boards and mantelpiece In cedar, slate, and marble turner In cedar and deal. ' SUNDRIES. Roche lime, cement, plaster, cow hair, and letter, hearthstones, earthenware pipes, 3in. to 12in.; fire bricks, galvanized and cast-iron package ages and H R. down-pipes, heads, shoes, angles and bracket! ; Slates sheet lead, In roll or cut. 3lb to 8lb ; navvies and garden barrows galvanized iron, 24 and 26 gauges ; bundera'Iron-" mongery, whitelead, oils, turps, putty, Ac. And every description of building materials. Joiners' work made to order ANDERSON. SHARP, and WRIGHT. CEDAR, Blackwood, Huon, and Kauri Pine, well seasoned, all dimensions. Alcock and Co,, Sawmills, Russell street CEDAR, in logs, boards, and scantling, assorted, at low prices. Commercial Timber yard, 160 to 162 Lonsdale-street east, opposite Wesley Church. CORRUGATED IRON, 6,7 and 8 foot, galvanize! and cast Iron Spouting, Warburton's, Little Bourke street west ENGLISH and Colonial EARTHENWARE DRAIN PIPES, Sharp's White Flrobrioks, China's Flooring Ulta, &c.; Dyer's, Queen street FENCING WIRE, Nos. 3 and 4, on SALE. MR X£_and Co., 24 Queen street FELT, for roofing, now landing. Carron Iron yard, K Flinders lane toT GALVANIZED CORRUGATED and PLAIN IN METAL. John Carter, importing all brands lengths, and gauges, to 40ft, and are buying largely In this market, for cash only, purchases supplies from large stocks. Spouting, ridge cap, rivers, and burrs, wholesale prices. 100 and 102 Little Bourke street west. GALVANIZED CORRUGATED IRON, Olt, 7ft.? and 6ft,, slightly stained, very cheap. Railway timber-yard, Flinders street GALVANIZED and BLACK CORRUGATE a IRON, at Commercial timber yard, Lonsdale street east, opposite Wesley Church. OG CEDAR on SALE, cut to any width. Woods. a steam saw mills, by his large vertical frame. MONUMENTS and HEADSTONES, granite or. marble, cheap, Large Stock. Legge's Beulptors Works, Madeline-street near Cemetery, PORTLAND and ROMAN CEMENT, various brands, 10s, 6d. per barrel ; Platt or Paris, English and American. 7 Queen street. ROOFING FELT, Inodorous, now landing. Carron Iron yard, Flinders lane SLATES, ducks 19 and countess; Slating Battens' size and copper Nails, Watson and Johnson, Lonsdale street east_ SLATES, best Bangor, duchess and countess, now landing, reduced prices. Railway Timber-yard, Flinders street. O CABINETMAKERS and Others. CEDAR", in., Sin., and Mrs. to be sold very cheap. Commercial Timber-yard, 162 to 162 Lonsdale street east, opposite Wesley Church 5" TIMBER MERCHANTS WANTED, a quantity of WATTLE STAVES. Apply 248 Elizabeth street WINDOW GLASs, large sizes, now landing. W. S. Smith, importer of glass, 62 Elizabeth street. was WIRE. Annealed FENCING WIRE and galvanized WIRE NETTING on SALE. Oppen helmer and Co., 42 Collins street east. _ Hotels, CRITERION HOTEL, Collins street, Melbourne. BUSINESS has been RESUMED at This Hotel. Gentlemen and families will find first-class hotel accommodation, Hot and cold baths. Billiards. Night porter always in attendance. WILLIAM MORTON, Proprietor. GT. WHITFORD begs most respectfully to Inform . his friends and the public that he has taken the PRINCE GEORGE HOTEL and RESTAURANT, Swanston street, opposite the County Court, Melbourne. The whole of the premises, having been don a np, offer first-class accommodation to parties visiting Melbourne. Charges strictly moderate Plunge and shower bath, Wholesale bottle department at lo who it prices _-.-.-1-J. ipAGLE HOTEL, Swanston street, Melbourne, _ opposite County Court. Harriet Martin (late of the Pliainlx Hotel, Adelaide), proprietress. Superior accommodation for families and haveners. First-class wines and spirits LONDON TAVERN. CORDIALS or every varie " Curacoa, Maraschino, Anisette, Kumnlal, Noyeau, Ban do FOr. 8s. per bottle TO l>AgSB.NGl:lt8 to NEW Z-ALAND.-LUN-i DON TAVKRN, wholesale and retail bottle de- parted; ent. Bro Hit of prices. 