HOME CORRESPONDENCE.. [From our London Correspondent.]- ? ' London. SeDtembiT 26. . The Australian mail of July via Marseilles was received in London, on the 13th triiitBrit, ' and the other portion reached Soutasmpton on ?the 18th. ' * ? ? ? '' Aiuiuugti h.-iul ppuueuDB; ami,lcaiMUV-C4H. the 'dead season.'. his nowlfutly/.set in, no newspaper, reader can complain of the obsencf} of exciting, news when ,a|C jjearts-wa, stirred by calamitous intelligence -.from Italy and America, and when'in o'dr own country tfic?cVy - of distress grows louder and louder, -and [the . commission of great or strange crimes appears ' monthly to increase. ' ' ' . ',?'.',-?'. j . ? The clouds of misfortune did, indeed, appear to bo gathering thick and dark Direr Italy a i month, ago, -but/wo wisrp.'.iiot'' pro- ? pared for the startlingly abrupt intioiBiion' of tho telegram, 'Gi'ribtjdi . vh*s been . wounded and U a prisOnqr.' '' It may. Jbb i'magiuedhow, painjfulwould.be the senilstf op created by such news, and tie jourhalL-Vsiof - England and France appeared to viowitb^och -f other in the 'expression --f words of generous- pity- ' for the devoted though mistaken hero, and not, ' only sp, ,but words , of indignation directeii again e t ah uugTateful Italian Govertimeilt, and : ' a trcofberQus and. Eclflsh. Emperor, .for sobio days the public were wit)io»jt: isny ; details, but these hnvo'eince come 'to hand.. Xt- seems that when General Cialdint/ beard of Garibildi'i landing- in Calabria,, lie postal troops1 to cut' hiai off from, the, mainland, and sent Colonel . ..Pdiavicino at the bend of a force to Rcggto,' . with directions ^tH&t; Garibaldi was. to beat tacked wherever he was, unless ho accepted un-. conditional 'surrender. . The great Qtneral had ' but 2,600 or^OOO'meD, and'only 1,500 had. '. 'kept up with him in his severe mountain ' marches, when on tbe. 28th August ho took Up .his position at Aspromonte. The next rooming, . beforo he could start, afresh, Pallavi'iino was down upon him ; bur, iu)t Gitribalcli himself, 'Tliey thirsted for blood, and! wiihed to spare if. I,ran,to the front q{ onr line crying' out to tnem not to firej and from tbe centre to the left, where my voipe and those of my aides de-camp could.be heard, not 'a trigger was palled. It was not thus on the attacking side. Having .atrived at a distance of ,200 metres, , they began a-tremendous fire, and the party of '., Berehglieri who were in tho front of me 'direct.. ? ijg theurshotg against mo struck mo wilh two ? balls, ono in the left thigh, not iseriou?, the \ other in the ancle .of the right fqot, mnking a serious .wound.' . Garibaldi was, in fact, utter ing the words,.' Do not fire,' when tbe OollefB struck him,' and then standing up upright, in a ?'niajestic attitude, he waived hithatand raisotltho . cry, *' Long live Italy !' and then he was Carried to Ihe reamnable to do more. It was riSt wonderful that, under inch circumstances, tomo of the Goribaldiana did lire, but the affair was soon over, and but few were either killed or vibunded on either aide. Tho'.Gari bildians were, soon disarmed, and vvere 're- ' moved first to 8cylla and then to Spczzia, the request of the General that he might be ullovfcd ; to proceed | to En^Iaiid.beuig refused. . . ,1 :. *j For somQ .days intense aixietypierailcd in England as to the character of Gari- aldi's wound and, .'the' treatment he was reoeiying^j ,- and a Committed in Kngland oomraenoed' a». eubscription, to send oat an Englien'/iturgooiV ?'! who might, if need be, rescue hib'frdmtloctdJ* lV likely to kill him, as they are believed to horo fline'.Ciivdihv Jkbove ££l)Mias.b'een raijeft'in i a few days,, .and Professor .Partridge, accom panied by Mr. P. A'. Taylor, M.P., lias gone to Spezzta. ' Tfio intelligence they bave sent over to this country 19 mlicb'more eatlefactory tlian was expected- He is well treated, instead of bang neglected, as was at first reported, ana, after probing the wound, itr. Partridge finds BO traco_;of a. ball, but thinta that it cat through, the muscle and tenilon at'iillea, and forced ib» way 'out through the cli ft mnsclee. His fever has abated ; he is able to sleep, and he Is inarvellpubly.. placid^ AltHough, there fore, his recovery will be alow, there appears to be no ground for alarm as regards bii life or health. A great 'blessing that for 'Victor Emmanuel; for had the Liberator's life been sacrificed, what would the King's crown have been worth? ' ., But though Epa^ed the greater danger, the Italian Government i», in consequence of this event, beset with difficulties. Will Garibaldi and his followers receive an amnesty? At first it was assumed, as a matter of course, that they would. Then it was asserted that' Cialdirii and the military disciplinariurs insisted on Li's being brought to trial, and the proper tribunal became matter of dianusajon. No*,, eaya a, Turin. tetter of the .17th. instant:— 'All sane men liere are still perfectly 'convinced that the Garibaldi trial will never take place, and the wonder 'bid} Is why. the Government should deem it worth while to ploy on bo silly a force an v- further. Tho intelligence h to-day that only Garibaldi and nine or ten of his chief accompli es are to be tried, and that a general amnesty will be granted to the multitude of his followers.' Instead of the capture of the greafc^ guerilla chiefrain having put the Roman question qii the shelf for a while, the agitation has received a great impetus, and both the Italian King and the French Emperor ere rejiarcted aa being on, their trial. In France the pross is, almost without exception, and, as fur as it dares,' dead against the Emperor, and in favour of the early evacuation of Rome ; whila in England there are being field daily large public meetingsto expresa sympathy with 'Uarib'aldi, to 'liurl in dignant epithets nt the head of Louis NupoUon, and to memorialize our Government to use its utmost influence to bring about the termination of a state of things fatal to Italian hopes and dangerous to the peace of Europe. That there is need for soire such ex;rtion of moral power cannot be doubted. M. (le la Guerronniciv, who is supposed to be used now, as on a former occasion, by the Emperor to ventilate his pro jects, hos in his hew paper La France unblush ingly declared that French interests will not allow of tho ce»sion of Rome to Truly, and that the only feasible solution of the difficulty is the division of Italy into three State!1, united by a federal bond. No doubt, there is a party in the French Cabinet utterly opposed to tlm purely selfish policy ; and the Coiislititlionnel, an organ of Count Persigny, declares that so soon as the iirie pendenee of the Papacy can be aec-:recl there is uo longer any reason for the occupation of Rome 'by French citizens. Probably with the feeling that it is menssary to do something, or seem to do s', the Ifonileur has jmt published a letter to AL Thouvetii'], written by the Emperor last Mayx in which it was sought to bring about a combination 'maintaining the Pope as master in liis own domain, unil lowering the bdrricM which at present separate the States of the Church from the nst of Italy.' But the terms of tho letter arc so vague (hnt Cardinal Antonclli's refusal to act on the imperial suggestion docs not se.;m to be of any great importunes, and the whole matter ia left by the ccrrcspoudenc3 where- it was before. The Italian Government is rnoro explicit, General Durando Imvinjj sent a circular to the representatives of Italy ut foreign Court?, in which, while deprecating Gaiibaldfs ''precipi tate step?,' be approves of its object, und says. that European Cabinets ' must not miaunder etand Hip tnie meaning ot events.' ' Law has carried the day, but it must lie ad mitted thut the watchword of the volunteer* w;is this time the expression of ji want more imperative than ever. The whole nation claims the capital ; it lias imly 'lately re.siited the inconsiderate im liul-e of (i.inbalili because convinced that the King's Government would be able -to accomplish the mandate which it h;ia received from Parliament re^iectnisr i:«ine. Thcnrolilem may have ch- mgeil its .t.sjwct, but 'the urgency of a solution olily be-' cornea more cogent. . . Siidi a stafu of tKints is no lunger tenable, and « ouhl etui by entailing extreme cunseuuuncus upyn the government ot the Kin?, the responsibility of which could nut wuit-'Ii on us alone, and would seriously compro mise the! rebVimi.-, interests of UathtfHcLsm und the traiumillity of Europe.' Very good, mdced, so far as word3 go'; but tlio same things have been said before, and this circular points to nothing of a practical cha racter,.' But the King will liavo to meet his Parliament b. fore the end of the year, and by that time it m ig hi — though no one is san guine that it will be— the Ituljan* may, by the favour of Xquis Kapaleoi*, see d.iy diwning at the end of the long dark night of doubt und difficulty through which they are now pus- ing. But, inti-n»ely interesting as are ull the de tails of the engagement at Aspromunte and of the proeeedirgs which have followed, I must turn from ihem to matters of a still graver kind— to A merlci, where blood is still being shed like water, aud where, as ytt, there arc no decided tokens that the end is drawing nigh. The news from America is of so varied and important a character, and its bigmGcauce can be so little appreciated without a narrative of the most minute frets, Hut you might fill the columns of ttie Register and yet not tell all t hut has recurred during the last 30 days. Your English files will show you what impor-. tance is attached to it in Englurid, and how eagerly everything about this gigantic and momentous war is read. Column after column of the London daily journals is filled with report?, letter.^ and leaning articles. Scarcely a day, if a d^r, lias passed during the last, six months in which the Times has. not devoted a leader to thiB question ; while its American correspondent*, froh^Ncw York and Baltimore, write leaders, in the shape of letters eome two. and three colums long, to echo and tupport, from tho American side, the opinions of this journal on all thoqijestiuns at issue.' The Crimean War scarcely excited more interest — in some respects not bo mucb. Then there was a general feeling that, hdwever great our blunders, we Bhoula 'win iu the end, and that' the arming Vou'l J cost to the nation' at targe nothing moro than a; few scores of millions added to tlie National Dibt. That was the worst, and, as you know, the Worst 'was fully realized. Now, a Bingle step taken in Amerrcn'iriigh' t make all .the difference between national pros perity or -national' adversity. A battle lost or won, or' the death of a particular general, is a momentous event to five millions cf people in the North, and important to every taxpayer and housekeeper in tlie kingdom. _ Tho result, of the history - of the lsBt month may be ex pressed ,in one sentence— the American TThibn seems to be drilling into chaos. In describing the events that fan v'e brought' matters to the present cruu, the first rank is due to the three' days' contest which ended in 'the second defeat of Bull's Bun. Gathering up, as we now have themj the various details' of tin's terrific con flict, they may _be summarized aa follows : — The Confederates, as usual, began Uie attack by a sharp and unexpected onslaught oh the Rappahanno'ek' Station, occupied by the Fe derals, and drove' them at once from tlreir line. This was oa-Hhc 23rd August. The Federals' retreated 10 mile?, burning theH.ippahannock Bridge, to Warrenton. Here there was a respite for three days; but on the 26tH the Confederates again appeared, but'this time in another and more dangerous quarter. They had found their way to the rear of J.he Federal main army, and by a bold stroke' carried one of its most important positions — Mana'ssas Junction. Tho retreat of the FedcnuT from tbis point was as precipitous «s it; was disastrous. They left a battery of nine guns in the hands of the Confederates, who proceeded to employ Ihe advantage they had gained by deattoiing tlie railroad and all public buildings, and cutting oil* the telegraphic communication of the Federal army with Washington. ' From Manassas the Confederates advanced in the direction of .Washington to Bull's Buo, driving the -Federals t-efore them. From Bull's Run they marched to Fairfax— Blmost' within sight of the capital. They tad now gone as far as thro most adventurous com mander would, justify them in going without the support of their .main' army, and now at last they found that the Federals were awake to tbeir danger! General Pope had roused' bimstlf. In his own despatch he states that as soon as he found tfi?e Confederates were driving the right wing of liis _pnny towards Jfanassu?, heh.rpke.npbis camp, and marched to Manaisas Junction, other divisions being ordered to, intercept the enemy at various points. IdicDowell and Hooker were success ful in thejr;mano3uvre-i, and defeated detachei bodies of the Confederates near Thoroughfare Gap 'anB 'Kettle Hun, whence they were marching 'tbVards Mana*sas. Pope Iiioi3elf reached 'Manama's Junction with the mam body of his army on the 28th of August — just in time to find that 'Stonewall' Jackson bad left three hours previously, on his way \o. Warreaton. 'Here he rested, but McDowell and Sigel met Jackson on the aftertfotn of the Ea'me day, and drove him back. 'So ended the first of the three days' engagements. The second day seemed to favuir the Federals still more. The combined forces of Fcpe's army and the army of the Confederates found themselves on the morning of tWs'day face'jo lace op the old uatjtlc-iielc of Bull's Eun^tue Federals' under' Pope, and the Confederates under Lee. The Federals began tho battle, and the result was reported to Washington by Pope in the following despatch: — . „ ' Head-qu&rtera;, .Field of Battle, Groveton, near Gainesville, Aug. 30V 5 a.m. ' Major-Ucneral JIalleck, General-in-Chief. 'TVc fought a terrific battle here yesterday with th.e combined forces of the enemy, which lasted with cantinuousf ury froinuayUght until after dark, by which time the enemy was 'driven from the field, which we now occupy. Our troops are too much exhausted yet to push matters, but I shall do so .in the course, of the morning, aa soon as Fitz John Porter's corns comes up from Manx-sas. ''The enemy is still in our front, but badly used up. 'We have lost not less than S.O0O men, killed and wounded, and from, the appearance of th'j field the enemy lost two*t6on'e: He stood strictly on the defensive, 'and every assault was made \\-y ourselves. 'Our troops behaved splendidly. The battle was fought pn'tlie identical Wittfe-ficld of Ball's Kun, which greatly increased the enthusiasm- of our men. ? 'Thtf news just reachnsine from the front that the enemy is retreating towards the mountain. I go forward at once to st's. 'We have made jtrtas captures, but I am not able yet to form an idesi of their extent. JoHX.J^orE, Major-General Commanding.' ' ; This despatch, it wi{l be needless to say, cauied.unbouuded. excitement, In America it raised the Wildcat hopes — in England it made even the , Times jwrite . .doubtfully. Both so'untrjea were kept i'u suspense about tlie final result for eome days. Then .vague news was ipread through letters and telegrams that Pope was in precipitate retreat. Could it be, believed ifter \\\\\ despatch ? , I( seemed too cruel a tlis ippointment. The facts, however, bit by bit, it fast oczed out', and then it became evident hat Pope hid sustained a disastrous and dis ;raceful revecee. The third' duj'a battle, it ippears, .did-not begin until 3. o'clock in the ifternoon, the whole of the morning being spent )y both sides iu aitempls at- ont-maiicejvring tacK ofher. It was again begun by the Fede ale. . The troops of Heintzilman and Porter vere the .first engaged. All accounts stale hat they fought magnificently, but were mowed Io*n by grape and canister. Soon the left vim; was beaten and in retreat.. McDowell lupported, ' but coild do nothing, and his roo,)s fled in disorder. General aigcl seams 9 have been a second Soult. Pope, it must b.- upposed, did his beat, but nothing availed i5iiiirt the admirable management of tho Cun ederato army au'd the fury with which they ittacked. At 5'o* clock tlie best'portiou of the: [Tederih were in full retreat, covered by Pope md Sigi-l They got to Centreville, and even ually to Fairfai. Tliey now rest, with all the Federal array of Virginia, on the old position ju the Potomac that they occupied at the coTimencement of the war. Where was McClelfau all this time? Every one has asked this question. He was at Alex andria, a few. miles Irotn Bull's Kun, and although urged witli mad excitement by Pops to come and help him he refused to stir. Some bljoie him for tlie result of the battle; but the end bos been that he has been pat in position of greater power than ever ; that Pope is publicly disgraced and ilcDowell idcuscd of treason. It is. of no uao to try to unravel this knot, but it is evident that NEcClelkti is once more master of tlie situation. This situation I will describe as best I cjii. The defeat .ut Bull's Knit cjiused, for a few liiys, intense excitement and almost terror in iluj JVorth. It was doubicJ whether Wusliing ;oii would riot be attaekcJ, but by and by it » ks felt that there need, be no fear ot such a lunger. The excitement coaled down, and )cople bagan to ask whether anything would s jtnc next. Days parsed awuy. . Then all the jovernors of tho Iv'cw England States were bund to be in Bession at Providence. They lad met to discuss t the emergency of their :ountry, and they discussed it like grave E*uritan statesmen of old time. They uckuow cd^cd the national danger to its full extent, [here wjs no morel cowardice which shrinks rum lo king at a, momentous diiliculcy, But hey one and all united iu dcin Hiding a bolJer lol'cy on the part of the Government. They jpere willing to send army after army into the, leld, but not to li^ht as they had fought ; not uu-cly must Wxt lluion be defended, but tlie ?ebvU mu^t be sought out und crushed out. [fn^t, why there wus a geuile but mournful utimation tiiat New England' would hive to icfopt her own poboy. T- en New York was fouud t j ba, raising 50,000 men under Fivmout— auollur action if un individual State'. These men luvd been )lferedto the Government, and, btcuuo raised mder Fremont, refuseil. What was - tlie me. ny doing' ull these days? Tho telegraph swiftly told. Ho was. carrying 'lc wilr 'nt0 :lie lieart of the Union — 'Icing wlut the Sew England men advised should bj deci sivi-ly dqne [with.' thu Soutii. He was ht-ar,c of In .\Iarjldu3, arid Bahimoru is now coiuijjied in danger. To-day we have news that ho u in Pt-nnsylvania itself, to be met by a new Pcnn sylvauian levy of 50,000 mo i. Tue invader is Stonewall Jackson. UuClellan is-at lijs heil;, ind the next unl will tell whether tho Union is virtually lost or 'saved. Tlia Southern policy is Edid tabu knoffn. It is to ou^t the Pre sident froai the Pre3ident's clmir and take command of the Union himself, and thus to reverse the relative po3itton3 of the two parties. Whether he can do it is, really only doubtful, for no one is surprised now at any American new3. Three or four rpuode.s .in this contest help to stamp its character. T.ic first u the lan guage of an addresst delivered by President. Lincoln to a deputation of negroes who waited upon him on tliii 14 h August. It^must lnve been very disheartening.' to 'the frt-e negroes, and hot le.-s so to the u'oolitioninU. Ho can didly but kindly advised them all to emigrate. ' America fyr tbe A'ucricjins— no free blacks wanted, here,'' was the substance of his address. lie pointed out Panama and Lib.riaas suitable colonies for them. The second episode is the President's, letter to Horace .Grevly. Iu this again lie throws over tlio^slave. Hjs. object, ho says, ' is to save the Union ; not either to 'save or destroy slavery.' .\Vhat he may do on this question will depend on* what ii necessary to be done to save the States as such. Meantime, 'President Davis, is holding a Congress, at Richmond, 'and devbing measuriis for improving thu efficiency of the Confederate, army. He is legislating as tiiough for per nianeneyi The Sfjirit of all the 'projects of, Iaw'r is'simpty^anti-Northqrn. .Export duti&j; to punish., the North and murder to every, black man 'and his oflicer found in a Northern army are dhiongst'the prpppsed'laws. At the end there is. ty pep generaljtiuinkigiving to tlie Heavenly.' Father., for. the ..blessings He has vouchsafed to the Southern cause. So thecaso resfs. Wdjatio'n is still 'repu diated ; .but the beat friends o£ tho , North in England are losing hopo. , It looks as though the ones great Union was about' to. be broken up into a second Europe, with , its dozja inde pendent ..Sifttesj, jrollciea, governments, and laws. The disastrous^ cflfcdt of this state pf .things , on the cotton .districts' fa ]jhcrea'sing every .day,, Their' state is Iiler ally .deplora bio. - There ore, now thousands of families in llanchcjter, Black burn, Kachdali', Preston,, Wii»aii, and ? other similar towii? lmug npon',3). 6i. to Gi, a week. The folal number hi feceiftt pf relief of one kind or another in tbe 74 Unions affected by the cotton famine is 260,000, of whom about; 150,000 are relieved,. by rates, and 110,000 by local benevolent Committees. .The weekly cost of parochial, outdoor relief in these districts is £3,532. The marked alteration in the daily aspect of thenman'ufact'ur|ng. town's, in conse quence of 'the..*dis.tres's. is yt'ry^ singular, .The immense wagons winch used to. shake the earth as they passed along have .ceased to. run, and instead, says |ihe Sfrnes Special Keporler, ,'.' an almost unbroken, silence, reigns in jhe streets.' Social profligacy has probably, aud almost too surely, increased on the general arid enforced idleness of largo' bodies of men and women, but crime that can.be touched by law has, if any thing, diminished. Tho services of the policeman are,, seldom- required, and public disorder' is unknown. Tlie admirable man ner, indeed, in ' which the working classes as a body have borne this great distress is un exampled. lFtey'liavo seen their savings at the Savings Banks slowly but certainly diminish until none bave'been lelt; they have then sold bit after bit of furniture until not a bed or a chair has been saved; they liaye the.n gone without any food but a crust of bread . for several days ; and only after that have they sought parochial relief. This they receive— wiUi a feeling which all . will understand — rather stiffly and proudly ; but they do their daj's wo'k of breaking stones or digging roads ungrudgingly and cbeerfullv. Next to this feature of the distress, the most gratifying cliaracteriafia of it has been the | quick and general benevolence of tbe people of ] England. From all parts of the country hun . dreds of pounds are tent week by week. Churches and clapeis of all denominations arc making special collections, aud such collections I as they hare scarcely ever made before. These. 1 are forwarded to the Local Committee, and but | for theie one-half, of the_ deitituto people I of these districts would now have bieu starved to' death. The law has been elo^ in their relief, and pn-ochial chanty h' by no means been either prompt; or bountiful. But less prompt and less bountiful than even the Poor- Law Guardians have been tbe cotton spinners of Lancashire. It is acknowledged on all. sid^ t'-uit the manner ia which they have' met (tfifi, distress has been .only s'b.ort of inhuman. ^IRiey -who have fattened on the Bkill^ of tbeir 'operatives and amassed immense fortunes itt''tpe course of three or four years lnve phly grudgingly and stintcdly ^iven their mites towards the reliof of distress. Sirae tiles are to|d pf their conduct in the matter,that make one bjush fpthia -specie'. Nor Uuve they met the cotron fomjo.'- itself in a better way.^ They mi^hi, by this time,, have secured per manent markets in all parts of tho world ; but th--y liavp rho=en to speculate in cotton until £20,000,000 has been realized, principally on. exportation, in the advance that has taken place in price, and to wait an3 eea whether the Government will not io their work. The fact is . now undoubted that the cotton famine has b'n a relief to ti-'e manufacturers as a class.: They had overstocked all tbe 'markets of the world, und therefore look with con tentment rather than anxiety at tho pre sent dearth. Of conraft they would be glad to employ their hands if they cqul-1 do it with profit, and a Tew are still employ in;; tlicrxi nt a lo3S; but it is now 'prclly evident that there, would have been great distress in these districts even ff iho famine, had tiot vwited'iia. ;f'He future sources of the cotton supply are looked forward to, howevert with no,, lutlp concern. ? America certainly cannot supply us.. Most parties look to India, arid Mr. Lsmg'is headmg in agitation against the.Goverhmeotj.an'd espe'-', :ially Sir Charles Wood^ for their instructive measures with respect to the cultivation ? of land in that country. Sir1 Charles, as you, biow, is no statesman. , He is a born official, tfith a mind not above a .clerk's, but a gift of ipeech exceeding a jackdaw's or a parrot's. Che emergencies of the country will probably ores him into a wiser policy or remove him rom oIBce. . , ... ? : Great Exhibition, questions have come up igain this, month with something like frcsh ie39. There has been a revised edition'of the urora' awards, in wliiel* some errors in tho irft issue are corrected— certainly not without lecesaity. Then there hag been the question, 'When shall the Exhibition be closed?' to to disposed of, and it ia now announced that it s to continue open till November 1, when the nedals will be distributed ; ami, further, that. t is to cantinue open, at a higher price, for nother fortnight, tliat . exhibitors may effect ales of goods. This is a'vory popular arrange sent with most of the exhibitors; though BOtnu f the outside shopkeepers enviously grumble t it. It appears, however, that many of the xhibitora, especially in tlia foreign depart*' Bents, have eold out already, and would rather ?c off on the 1st November than remain a'for'c nclit longer... It is now calculated that theie nay bo a deficiency of £20,000, bnt Kelk and jucas, tho contractors for the building, have -romised to hold the guarantors harmless. One foreigner, who ha3 invented money in he Exhibition, has found it to be a bad invest nent, and his failure Jiaj occasioned no am ill raount of scandal, aud uUo of enquiry. , Mr. treillard, tha cuterer in the foreign refrcslimont lepartment, has been obliged to call his ireditors together, and is not' likely to pay nore than 5s. in the pound. He has taken a argts sum of money, but has been robbed by ii3 servant?, and not only so, but there appears itn:-ng his payments a mysterious sum of L'2,000 paid to tho Hon. Air.. Cadogan, for utroducing him to the Commissioners, and 'or other services. - It seams that so far back is list ^November a deed was signed, which toiind Hr. Vcdlard to pay Mr. Ciidognn.£500 f he got the contract, and also half a farthing -er head for all who paid for admission to the tuilding, up to £5,000. That geutloman lias wd £2,000, £900 more was owing to him, and rerybody is asking what did ho do for tho noney ? The Commissioners only say that they. ;iire the contract to the highest; bidder, after utUfyiug themselves as to hi3 competency. 3ut then there romes forward onother firm, vho say that they sent in the highest bid for he highest contract, but that it was. given to ilr. Morrish. .X'he result is tlwt it u supposed !iat tho Commissioners wiil have received 211,000 less from the refreshment contracts han if they had accepted the off.;r of M^essrs. bollard & Bowser, who suggest that perhaps iouieboviy was paid to ' introduce' the English ioutrdctors also, and hence the contradictory iharactecof the Cominissioncrs' proce^Jin^s. Jnfoi-tuuatjly the Commissioners have. h?a iu -ad odour nil along, and so they do not get the )L'Uffit of u doubt. : The Times has honoured the contents of the Victoria Court with a second notice, oti tho ;round that it will receive more p'rizi medals md honourable mentiows than any other of our lepemiencies, except India. It .asserts .that, ilto^other, both for variety and importance, no uileotion in the Exhibition equals that of Vic una, atid, especially, b'gs of the Victorian ro'iimissioner3 to leave one of the Victoria :jbs us a model to our cabmastcrs. Kearly all Iho Koyal Family are in Germany, md now it is officially announced that the Prince of Wales is aili-inccd to the .Princess, Vlexjudra of Denmark, with who-n he has, in uct, spent several da\s lionizing at Brussels md elsewhere. Of course, the announcement las set every editorial pen to work, and tlie sxprcssion of satisfaction at the royal choice s very gcucrai. )Wu ore even ublo ta brm an opinion as to the personal ap jeiranec of the probablo future Queen of England, seeing that a photograph of the Prin xss tijurts iu most of the picture-shops, und is pronounced to be very pleasing. One journal, 1 observe, protests ugsii'iat tbe notion [iiat the Pri .cess is Danish, declaring ttiut sho is '; as pure a Germ in a; ever was burn wi bin tha limits of thu Cmfodordtiou,' and btsljrys, through many centuries, to tbe main branch of the Teutonic race. Death has taken away tho Archbishop of Canterbury at the ripe age of S3, and amid' ex pressions of regret and .of respect, which, in the present divided position of the Church of England, are unusually unanimous. Scarcely, therefore, has Lord Palmerston filled up the Irish Primacy than lie. has a similar post in England to fill, and all parties in the Church arc looking wistfully to see who tbe fortunate individual selected will be. No doubt it will be one of the existing Bishops,. and that will involve another episcopal appointment. That will have given to Lor*l IMmerston the ap-, pointment lo three archbishoprics and nearly a dozen bishoprics. . . ) ?. Lord Ellejmerf, at whose house the meeting to orgamzi the Lancashire Relief '.Fund was lately held,, apd who. started the Iiat with a subscription of £1,000, has' suddenly died at an early a^e. The Earl of Harrington's name also appears in the month's obituary — a great loss to the United Kingdom Liquor Law. Alii ance, of which ho was President. ? Viscount Ockham, eldest son of -Lord Lovelac?, and' grandson of Lord Byron, has died in quite a' lowly position of liL — 27 years old only, and. unmarried. And all tho admirers ot Dr. Livingstone will be concerned, to hear thai; the intrepid traveller h.ts been plunged into bHic tion by the loas of his wife, 'nho died of .fever ou the Z iinbcsi, not long after she had joined . him. , ; We have enjoyed splendid weather 'of late, and the harvest must be ail but in; but it docs not seem to ba yet known exactly whut. its character has been. On one hand, ths opiuion is expressed 'tha!; in England $ho wheat crop( will D3 from six to ei«ht bushels per aero below the average, barley ten bushels, und oats fi oar four to six ; but .other agricultural reports take a more cheeiing vu-w of matter?, and the com. market has a downward tendency. . in France tlie average has been reached, and the wine crop ia' above the average;' while in more dis-. tant countries tho grain crops have been un usually largo. At the present juncture it is a great ihw ' fortune .that the disease among sheep is spreading instead of disappearing, it having now broken out in Berkshire and m Hertford shire aho. There is an epidemic among* cattle1 and pigs as well as sheep. Orders in Council, have consequently been issued lorbiddiug' the removal of sheep from districts where the* disease exists. The vacancy, in the representation ,of Stoke upon-Trent, caused by the death' of Mr. Rieardo, has been.' filled by the election of Mr. Grenfell, one .of the tlitee Liberal candidates. Much animosity prevailed, as the result of Mr. Grenfell' s attacks. on Serjeant Shee, who, he insinuated, held a brief from Mr. Beresford Hope in order to secure his return, by dividing the Liberal interest. .The learned Serjeant, however, was ' nowhere' on the poll, and so Mr. Hope's anticipations of profi'ing by a 'split were unrealized. Had he beon chusen his election wculd have been eomewhat signi- I ficanr.nB hcnvow^dhim3clftobeasym|«itht2er I with the South in respect to the American struggle. The great Eoiipell forgery case has cul minate.! in the conviction of the offender on his own admission of his gu'lr, and his bein;; sentenced to penal servitude for life. Ir will be ;cen that what occutrcd at tho Old Bailey wa-s n« strange as that which was witnessed at (riiihiford. I need not repeat his vague, mysterious,! aud Bomewhat melodramatic references to his pist lite as having been u one great mistake.' He ha3 stimulated curiosity without gratifying it, and, although ho has astonished people by his coolness, there Is not much belief in the depth of his penitence. There will also be found among the criminal news of the month an extraordinary story of an attempt made by Mr, Calvert, British Consul' at the 'Da-'danelK.to obtain £12,000 ?from the underwrjters-of a ship alleged to have been lost, but which had no ex'-stencc. There is also another culprit before, a Police Court,' charged with the wilful destruction of a ship, v Thecuriou* in scientific matters will read, wkn interest tho narration of tho two jcienliflo aeronaut*, Messrs Coxwell and GJaiifer, who' ascended six miles from tho earth, 'and nearly lotf. thtir lives fiom cold ; while military, men will be absorbed in the experiments mado with itho Whitworth and other guns nt Shpebury nes?, which seem to show that our nevdy-lnrilr iron«hiq3.cin.be riddied by iho pew monster ordnance. ? ? ? ?? ,;? -?-- Tho EngTishlonroaTs haye^Iven insertion to a paragraph, stating that the law ojSsera of the Crown have .advised ,the; -Duke' of Newcastle that, although Mr. Justice Boilhby has, as it appears fo'tMra, mwlak^n.the law,.yet in some points he is right, and- the fault has been with the ''Governor in not reserviBg Acts fjrihe rdyala'aeni which were required br Statute to be'resenfel.' _i have not fern any comment? oh the case, tbpp'gu it Js stated tliat no instance ol the removal of an Em;lish.rJudge,on.the address of bofli -Houses of Parliament Iws- occurred since tbe passirg of the 5tu Gep. II,. c 33. In respect to another, Qolony.the... Colonial Office has tiken a step iniicativa-'of. a-:-coDScion«nes- that greater, vigilance is reguiredto be' exercised than hitherto in reoVesMng colbni*lgrievance3. For two of the New-. Zealand ofEciaJs— Major Cooper and* M-. Broughtoc— Iiaviug been dis missed Her ?Majesty's- Service for- being con cerned, jn.. the seduction of a iiativo girl,. the Duke of Kewcastle has.written a despate!), in which he states that he fi ids it impossible to arrive at any other conclusion than that Iho cenU.em.en .in .question, were treited ,as they deserved. - Availing himself of the leisure of the recess,. Professor G.ild win'Smitli has elaborated another letter to the Daily Xews, ivj columns in k ngth, dH tbe relation ofi, the colonies to the moUiar ebuntriqs,, and .anotlier rel'iting especially to Sew Zealand. The first of those is i» vigorous, is eloquent, and as far seeing as; his previous writings on the same subject. ' He meets the ridicule cast on his opinions, a3 those of a tnero student, 'by saying tlmt little as they might bo worth in comparison with the opinions of a real statesman, ' they miy have soaio value compared with tluue of political tacticians . living from band to mouth, or of joumiliats deserting the nRh task of guiding the public mind to traffic, * iike low stock-jobbers, in the passion of tho lufur.;' and he points out that the .views ifi the , ' practical ,men,' both in Pa-lia-' mbnt and tho pres?, form such a Bibel of jdntradiction, that it is impossible to follow ? he Jead-of-' practical -wisdom' if we would. He reiterates .his already-expresseJ views on the ill effects of holding colonies in unnatural dependence, and insists, in the language of -corn, on the folly of our ' aristocracy in sup posing that they' can ererywbe.-c reproduce ?nch English institutions as monarchv, a Feudal aristocracy, the rule of primogeniture, md an Established, Church. ? ' Ihore lurks n1 their hearts, -and, transpires in all they say, 'a belief .that this great - jroup -of- commonwealths, foundol oh jocial equality, the. native growth of the Now \Vorld, is a monstrous and unnatural birtlv, which, if we will only .wait a h'ttle, will creep back into the womb.' Aud he ends by de claring that having read a mass of articles and speeches, he has failed to discover a, single real irgument in. defence of. the present bystom. ' But,' he says, ' the system does not rest on irgument. It rests on unreasoniug pride, igno rant of the true sources.of Engli-.li greatniHS. [t r««ts-«n-closs interests and pr.juiliee^, Lver iriumphantj by their concentrated energy,.over the public good. It -rests on the routine of jfiict'3 which wo fondly imagine, to be tha seats, of- a superior intelligence, while, in fact, they »re apt to become, except for mere adminis tration, the mo:t mechanical of all machines, ft rests, above all, upon patronage— that foun dation of adamant upon whiiili the puny assaults of reason and justice have st often spent, and will long spuid themselves iu vain.' The Professor's . efforts are beginning to tell —at any rate in Canada— for it is stated that the Lieutenant-Governors of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince Edward's lslanH, with- deputations from those colonies, have mef; the Canadian Government, not only to discuss the offer of tin? llo.no Government to loan four or five millions for a railway from Halifax to Quebec, but to see if all the British colonies in that part of the world can be united und.;r' one confederacy, with, one Governor,, one Legislative Assembly, one currency, one code, and one tariil! 1 he present system ie de clared to bi? the most, wretched imaginable, involving, as it docs, a usclets expenditure on four or five Governors. . From Jamaica there comes a rumour of pro bdble changes in Borne oF the Colonial Gover norships. Sir Henry Barkly, it is said, will goto Madras^ and will be succeeded in Vic toria by Earl M'algmve, whose post at Nova Scotia will be givon to Governor Dai ling. Sir Allan McNab, whose history for forty years ha9 been mingled with that of Canada, died last month, at' Toronto, at Ihe ago of Gt. Ht; is reported- ta have died a Ivoman Catholic, and a great deal of most unseemly dissension baa been going on in Canada as to tho alleged conduct of the Catholic priesthood in ex tMctini» from him a confession of faith in their Church. The question whether Sir Allan died a Piotestant or a Koaiau Catholic has, in fact, produced excitement enough to almost threaten a riot, at his funeral. The limes charges the Colonial-Office with gratuitously stepping in between the liberality of the Local Legislatures and the cjmfort of the priyata soldier by 'the reduction in the oxtra pay issued to troops serving in tho Australian Colonies. It ina'sts that the extra pay is needed because of the denrness cf provisions, the high, price of labour, and other exceptional circumstances, ami that the. withdrawal will be hkily to create discontent, not only- among the men; but among the colonists, who are willing and anxious to keep'up the present scale. To this a semi-official organ has replied that instead of wi-hing.the grants to be permanent, the Local Legislatures have shown sign's of cutting t hem-off dtogclhcvand as tho-Colonial:Odioe ha* received several unmistakable Indications ilfiit the contributions in u\d_are not likclyto bo c jntinucd, in . is obliged to -msko the an- , nounced change. The Local Governments secai to be. tired of , these self- imposed institu tions for-military- purposes, and' after tho in vestigation of Jlr. MillVs Committee -on' colonial military' eiffenuirurt', It was resolved to p1 lice matter? on u'new as well' as a loss ex travagant footing. The Colon ial-Ofllca is therefore, in fact, complying- 'with and 'not thwarting the wishes of the. colonists. Tim Times has also devoted a leader to the question whether any of the proceeds of the sale of Australian lands should be devoted to the bringing out of educated women a3 gove.* nesscs; 'It doubts .whether, in justice ao the ? purchasers of land, the proceeds should be so invested, and 'whether the funds should not bo 'spent for tho benefit of the class from which they are ra.sed, and. who want manual labour,, nrldj ought to have it, before, the rich arc sup plted^vith: elegant superfluities. It also thinks, that free -passages' should rather be- provided 'ibr ;those who can provide nothing foriheiu: ?selics. But' tlie great substantial objection urged is that there does not exist in Australia thai demand for educated young women, cither as wives :or governesses, ' which would justify the 'expenditure. Among the moneyed classes, those who appreciate a' good education for tKeir children nre a minority, and many of them send their young people to England ; .while for other's/the kind of education required, is not that which. English governesses aro pre» jpardd-to givei' As to -the matrimonial ques tion; a great part of tho_j?opulation lead^ a 'migratory life, and so tho. practical disparity between tho sens is not so great as the ?figures show. The wealthy settlers, olio, go 'to Engla-sd for their wives ratLer than ?get their fririids to choose for them. The. Times, therefore, agrees with the Melbourne. Artftis that Australia is not the elvsiumfor governesses which some suppose, and thir.lcj that none should go out without trustworthy information nnd reliable prospects. To this 'An Australian' has replied at con siderable length and some spirit. 'Our tastes,' he save, 'are tho same aa yours ; we like the be-t of everyth'iis;.' The workingmon of the colony have, ho thwte, ehown their good sense in that, b.'iug masters of the situa:ion, they are yet willing that a portion of tl.o re venue should be devoted to meeting the wants of another clas', so that the country may bo benefited. He admit} that he introduction of edacated young women should not ba carried oa in a haphazard My'e; but it is a mistake to speak of thciii as 'elegint superfluities,' for j the rich of the colonies are pretty nearly op I to the average of older countries, and parentB i generally appreciate the aivantigrsof a refined i education for their children. E* en at the dig gings there are many storekeeper?, clerk?, | officials, barristers, and other professional i men who nre capable of appreciating I refinement and beauty, but aro unable } ID go after it. Even if they on go to England for what they want, ' an im ' ported wife is a failure';' a few jears t of colonial experience being of great I value before undertaking the responsibilities of married life. Nevertheless, the writer warns intending lady emigrants that they may hare to overcome many--dimYiuItie?- though he ridicules tlie idea-of their shrinking from every thing in tho- shape of bard work.- He hopes that Miss Bye 'will go on in her. grand work, and thereby render' good service to humanity, .lleinwhile that lady assiduously prosecutes her [schome.. , She.. has' written to the Ti^es, lenclosing several letters from -young ladies ?who,, iaving :Ueen .'assisted by- the Female Middle Clas3 Emigration Society, hare' been comfortably settled, andjjuotes from tbe Mol 'bo\na9[Herald an invitetionio send even more immigrants of the stamp already chosen. She has met tltS Manchester Board of Guardians on the subject ; but it wns 'suggested 'that the class of girls she wanted were jusfc-those who were wanted here, and that the would do more good to this country by removing others .of & different qua'ity.- ' Ultimately the Guardians decided, that it was their duty to confine them solves : tp; the relief of the existing distress.' Nevertheless, Mis3 Hye has lieen doing n'goott stroke of business in Manrucster ; f ;r she has now on her book3 nbove l,000,young women, between IS anil 30, who wish to emigrate, Mr..Lindea.vT M.P., lias ens^e.l to send some to British Columbia for *£20 instead of £25, and to take an I.O.U. from the girls for half the amount— b very liberal and spirited ofljr, and one which many can accept. In fact, 50 will leave Manchester for Columbia in the course of this month. ' Inoth'T quarters an important stimulus is beiug given to the emigration movement. Mr. Leigh, of Bolton, one of th9 Direstors of the Queensland Cotton Company, has convened a meeting of operatives, at which. 'he offered to send out 1,000 families, by weekly subscrip tions of 3d. a head with Is. entrance- foe, a ballot being taken to decide who shall go first. He al-o .described the great advantages which emigrants would secure -in the allotment of land, and so successful was his npp?al that 800 families arc stated to be enrolled. And, strange to say, thatwhile the rush from America into Canada continues to increase, the Secretary of Shte nt Washington has issued a, circular to tho United States Consular olIL-ea, asserting that there never was such a deaiaud for labour, and that nowhere elso can the working man expect such-liberal recompense for his work as lie will receive if he emigrates to America. A Canadian letter congratulates the inhabitants }f Canada on the good which is accruing to that colony by the evil raging in America-; for rust numbers of persons aro bringing with ;hem money, skill, and industry which will make the wilderness to blossom 83 the rose. Due writer proceeds to say that there is room for ill, and makes good his statement. Ho also itatea Unit it is likely that a special bureau )f emigration and colonizition will be created n Canada ; that the Hon. Mr. SIcGeo, a man if great information and energy, will be at! its lead; and that emigration offices will be )pcned.in London and other largo towns. Ho ilso urges that the a^ent in London should be iblc to issue scrip for 'rants of free land that Janada may compete nitli Australia in the kdvantoges she oilers to intending emigrants. , ? Tho impetus liki-ly to be given to emigration o our colonies enhances tho value of improved' jostal facilities for the conveyance, not of letters jnly, but of money and ether necessaries of iivilized life which are capable of transmission .-y post. Jlcnce everybody interested in Auj :ralia bos read with graiiGsation the announce ment just issued by Rowland Hill that on the 1st October the money order system will corns into operation for South Australia. Of course he main features of the home sy:-tem will be idopted, with the necetsiry modifications, as regards time, &.:. A shilling is to be charged for the remittance of not more than £2, t«o ihillinqs up to £5, throe up to £7, and four up to £10, which is the maximum. The places .?numerated us Money Orde.- Offices in the colony are:— Adelaide, Aldinga, Anga'tin, Auburn, Cullington, Clare, Gamb'erton, Gawler, Glcnel_», Goolwa, Gumcracha, Hamil ion, Hindmurah, Kadinu, Kanyaka, Kupunda, Kooringa, Lymtocb, JIicclt-sfiiM, Molrosc, Mount Barker, Mount Plea-aut, Nairne, Nar- racoorte, Norwood, Penola, Port Adelaide, Port Augusta, Port Elliot, Port Lincoln, Riverlon, Itob?. Salisbury, Slrathilbyn, Ta nunda, Truro, Willunga, Woodside, and Yun kalillo. 