SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Tho chief matter of interest which has occupied the House during the past month has been the question of privilege. On this question, the As- sembly and the Press - as represented by The Argus - are in open conflict; the former claiming to have acquired all the powers and immunities of the House of Commons, the latter denying that such privileges are, or ought to be, possessed by any colonial Legislature. Full particulars of this most grave and interesting controversy will be found in another place. During the month the business of Parliament has been considerably interrupted, the Easter holidays having drawn largely on the time of the Houses, and questions of privilege, of more or less importance having occupied the attention of the Assembly on several nights of its sitting prior to the recess. The adjournment was moved on the 9th inst, and both Houses reassenble on Tues- day next, the 29th inst. The Land Bill passed from the Lower to the Upper House prior to the adjournment, having been assented to on its third reading by a ma- jority of forty-five to twenty-three. In its pro- gress through committee, protracted as were the debates, and though the passage of the mea- sure was contested on every clause, and almost every line of every clause, the Opposition was unsuccessful in defeating or ma- terially altering any single feature of the bill as it was originally introduced. The changes made in the measure are detailed in another column, but one only is of importance, and in the right direction. Ministers originally proposed that a certain proportion of the revenue from the sale and leasing of agricultural lands should be annually set aside for the purpose of encouraging immigration. It was argued, however, by some of their supporters - at the head of whom was Mr Francis, one of the members for Richmond, -that the amount thus to be set apart was too small, and would leave too large a balance to be voted annually from the general funds to bring up tho total to the sum-£120,000-which the Government admitted thould be annually devoted to immigration. Mr Francis, there fore, submitted a scheme which provided that the whole land revenue, from the sale and leasing of pastoral lands and the dis- posal of special lands, as well as those set aside for agricultural settlement under the bill, should be divided into four parts - one of which should be applied to immigration (and be supplemented, if necessary, from the general revenue), one to the formation of main roads and bridges, one to the aid of local councils for improvements of a permanent character, and one set aside for the redemption of the railway loan. Ministers ac- cepted the first three of these propositions; and the House assenting to their views, the immigra- tion clause of the Land Bill was altered, to give effect to Mr Francis's idea, while Ministers gave a promise that the application of one half of the land revenue to the purposes of improvements, as proposed, should be provided for in the District Councils Bill. The remaining proposition - that one fourth of the land revenue should be applied to the ex- tinction of the railway loan - was then debated at some length, but negatived, the feeling of the House agreeing with that of Ministers, that the time had not come when it was necessary to consider the question, and that the large im- migration which would follow the passage of the Land Bill would increase rather than lessen the security the holders of Victorian debentures possess that those bonds shall be duly redeemed. The only other change in the Land Bill of any interest at home is the fixing of the term for which pastoral licences shall be annually issued at nine, in place of ten, years, as previously agreed upon in committee. This change was accidentally carried against Ministers by one vote, subsequent attempts, on the same evening, to reduce the term still farther, having been defeated. The bill will be dealt with by the Legislative Council -where it has been read a first time - imme- diately on the reassembling of Parliament; and, probably, the measure will have become law before our next summary for England is issued. A bill to reduce the salary of future Governors of Victoria has been passed by the Legislative Assembly unanimously, and sent to the Upper House. It was introduced by Mr. O Shanassy, who stated that the measure proposed to limit the salary to £7,000 per annum, provide a proper residence, and make the necessary appropriations for repairs and other contingencies. Toorak House -tho present residence of the Governor-has been a somewhat costly palace to tho colony. In the first place, said the Chief Secretary, in in- troducing tho bill, a bonus of £10,000 had been paid for possession, while additions and im provements effected in the years 1854 and l855 amounted to £28,677 9s 6d. Thus a total sum of £38,701 4s 6d had been spent on the build ing itself. The rent, from January 1, 1854, to December 31,1861, had been £18,600 , the moiety of municipal rates paid since 1850 was £510, and the insurance on the furniture from the same date £103 10s, constituting a total of £19, 213 10s. The furniture had cost £4,550 8s. 4d; and this made the gross rent of the house, and cost of repairs and furniture, amount to £62,165 2s 10d. He hoped that arrangements would soon be made for renting a suitable residence for tho Governor, at tho rato of about £1,000 a year, which would cause the total expongo of His Excolloncy and his establishment to amount to £8,000 a-ycar, and thus effect an annual saving of £10 000-a Eum, ho remarked, not to be despisod in the altered circumstances of the colony In the Lower House proeress has been mado with tho Imported Gamo Preservalion Bill, tho Aliens Bill, and other measures ; and bills have been submitted by Government with referenoo to the leasing of auriferous lands, and for tho amendment of the laws relating to municipal in- stitutions. The last of Iheso monnureB is much called; for. It is of n comprehensivo obaractor, and will not be proceeded with this session. Tho object of introducing it wns that it might bo printed and circulated, and submitted during tho recess to the eritioism of tho various local coun- cils. In the Uppor Howe the Beal Property Bill (Torrens'), sent up from'', tho Assembly, has been read a second timo, and taken into con- sideration by tho House in committee, although it was strenuously opposod on the seeond reading by Mr. Fellows, who went over the bill clause by cliuiBO, pointing out what seemed to him to ho the numorous defects of the raeasuro. Tho stato of the finances uf the colony was made the subject of a notico of motion early in the month by tbo late Treasurer, Mr. Verdon, which was at first regarded as conceived in a spirit hostile to tho Government. Mr. Verdon, when submitting his views on tho subject dis- claimed a dosiro to embarrass the Government, and dealt with the question from a purely finan- cial point of view. He remarked that tho re- venue returns of tho first two months of tho year had caused a. feeling to arise that some extraordinary measures would bo necessary to equalize tho revonuo and expenditure. The roturns for tho quarter would not Bhow that tho revenue of tho first quartor of tho year would bo unfavourably affected by tho collection in the last quarter of the preceding year, nnd it wns important, therefore, that the explana- tory statement whioh tho Treasurer would probably givo should appear in tho pub] io journals on tho same day as tho accounts. The estimated rovenuo for the quarter was £778,277, but tho amount realized was only £556,100. Thero was thus a deficiency of £222,117, or at the rato of £838,-108 for tho year. But the rovenuo of the first quartor would be supplemented by items not j-eceivablo during that period. Correcting tho calculation by allow- ances for theso items, he estimated that the actual deficiency of tho quarter would bo £44,712, or at the rnlo of £178,000 fcr the year. To that ho added £57,000 for duties that would not bo received, and £50,000 for a deficiency iu the land revenue. The1, real deficiency, he was of opinion, might be I set down at £250,000 on the year, in round I numbers, Thero were three courses open to J tho Government-to propose new taxes, to tako the vo cs as they stood in tho Estimates nnd afterwards oat them down in tho departments, and to remodel the Ettimttes Ho thought tho Houso and the country would desire to know which of theso threo courses tho Minutry had in view Mr Uaines, in reply, stated that ho dm 1 not take so gloomy a view of the finances of tho colony Ho found that m tho first qutrtor of 1859 tho revonuo was short of its proportion by a sum of £221 495, and in 1860 by £177,000 An inquiry wts now fcjing on mt0 tbo cause of tho declino of the rovonuo, and as to the likohhood of its continu-tncc, bul- ho was not in a position to say what the Government would propose, as tbo m-tttcr had not been considered by his col longues Thero would, however, bo no now taxa tion proposed Some time would still elapjo beforo the Estitnttes could be brought on, and some further information might be obtained in tho meantime. With this brief oxplanttion tho subject dropped, the House, apoarently, sharing tho belief of tho Minuter of Finance, that tho results of the collection of Ihe revenue, so far, had not been of so unfavourable a character as the 1 tto Treasurer was disposed to think. In the coil position of the Assembly thero have beou some changes during the mouth Mr G Higinbotham, a well known member of tho Mci bourno bar, hns boen returned for Brighton by a majority of ninety eight over Mr W. J Clarke Mr Higinbotham formerly represented tho same constituency, and nt the last general election Mas replaced by Mr W A Biodnbb, Mi Higiubothani having then been understood to bo a supr otter of the neales Ministry, of which Mr. Brodribb was a d°olarcd opponent Tho laltci has since rttui ned to England, and Mr Higiubo.ham nts placed at tho head of tho poll, without an effort on his part He has smco tikon his s at ni ho House on the Ministerial ude, bolow tho "angwaj A' Arartt, Mr D R Flint (who resigned) has been succeeded by a local prncti toner of medicine, Dr Girdle- stone, who was returned by a majority of thirty-ono votes over Mr R Walton, a Mel bourno Btock broker, who contested the same constituency at tho previous election Dr Girdlestone has not yet ttkon his seat, but his leamngB aro supposed to bo with the Oppost tioD It is doubtful, howevor, whether ho oin tako or hold a pVce in Purhnmoot, as he hold the oQi o of coronor at tho time of his election The provisions of the Officials in Parliament Bill will probably be urged a¡,»inst tho now member by the defeated candidate, t ho is a supporter of tho Ministry. Tho quostion of " prmlogo," so often raised m tho Legislativo Assembly-often on trifling grounds, and almost always attended with ridicu lotis results-has at last assumed a grave charac tei, and advnuccd to a stage nhich cnlls for tho (.»nous consideration of the country, involving as it docs in tho freedom of the press an issue of tho utmost importaLCO to the liberties of the peop'o of this colony. Tho question is between tho press-represented by The Argua on the ono hand, nud the Assembly on tho other It 1 as arisen out of a criticism in tho editorial columns of this journal, on the public conduce of ono of the inomiers for Creswick-Mr Frazer as chairman of a Bolee* committee appointed sotno t me ago by ths Assembly to loquiro into the mani(,ement of the police force ¡serious disor gnmnation exists in tho force and it was traced to the ne ion of the comniittco tnd its chtirmnn Plus criticism was brough tundir tho notico of tho Assemblj, and voted a hbtl and a breach of tho undefined privileges of the Chamber, and the Speaker was instructed to issue his summons for tho atlon lance of the publisher of Th" Argus at tho bar of the House Th- it sammons was not obejed, this journal holding, specially, that Par- liament had not " defined its privileges as di roctcd by tho Constitution Act, and had not tho poner to asbumo indefinitely the " privileges and powers of the Housoof CommonB, and generally, thit tho power claimed by tho Assemb'y could not bo conceded without tho ontire loss to tho prof s of the colony of that fioedom of public criticism of public men whioh is enjoyed bj tho press of Copland and tho British de pen lenciea generally. The summons of the Speaker having boon disregarded by the pub hsher of this journal on theso grounds, tho Assembly proceeded, it ita last sitting, to direct the issue of the Speaker s warrtnt to trio ser goaut at nrms, to brini, the pubhsborof The Argus to the har of tho Houso to mswor for his contemp., and this warrant it is understood, will bo aotid upon on Tuesday next, prior to the asiiembhiit, of tho House It is unnecessary to antic palo what will take place on that da/, but that Iho case will speedily retch the law courts is certt n, and that ultimately it will bo ap- pealed to England by the ono party or tho other, is equally carta n-unless, indeed, the Assembly accepting an adverso decision of tho courts, should then proceed to define its pnvi 1CL.CS m the manner contomr'ntcd by the Consti tution Act A moment's roil°otion will show tho ¿razny of tho issue now raised If tho power which tho Assembly chims is conceded to it, elected na it is, we are practically delivered over to an tutooratic rule, which would bo absolutely mtolernblo That tho lssuo must have been ra. sed hoonei or later was admitted by tho Chief Secretary in the courso of the discussion on Mr Tm^r-rd first motion Thtt it has arisen thus early in the hintory of a Parliament elected by munhool suffrage and vote by ballot, is due to tho oxtroinoly unfavourable criticism which tho notions and languago of members of tho Houso have of Kte provoked on the ptrt of the pross of tho colonj It is probablo that tho remaining business before Pirliamcnt will not occupv many weeks The Legislativo Council, it is behoved, will not tnko exception to m iny, or any, of tho provisions of tho Land Bill, tnd as considerable progress haj been made in tho Lower House with the Civil bervico Bill, nnrf many of the more dobateablo votes on tho Lstimatcs have already boen dis posed of, it is not unhkelj that the close of June will FOO the Appropriation Acf passed, and tho session of 1861 2 brought to a close Tho project to which we made some allusion ltst month, of connecting England and Vic ona by means of a monthly line of steamers of 0,000 or 7,000 tons burthen, has siuco a«sumed form A deputation from the promoters waited upon Ministers .some weeks ago, to represent tho advantages which might be conferred on the colony, in tho m iHtr of îmmigrttion, by means of the proposed iloet, and to ask for a certnm guartntee of interest on tho capital of tho companj, in tbo form of a bonus for every voytge porformed, the amount to bo repaid to tho Btato by the number of immigrants conveyed by tho ships. Ministers after« ards took tho sub- ject into oonsidcinlion, postponing their decision unlil tho fate of tbo Land Dill (and its immigra tion clause) should bo ascertained. AB that question mty now bo s tid to bo settled, it is not improbable that tho activo countenance of tho Government will bo given to tho project, and tho formation of tho comptny thus assured A very important section of the Government scheme of railways - that between Geelong and Ballarat - was fornally opened for traffic on the 10th instant, the day named some time ago for the purpose by the engineer-in-chief. The ceremony was performed by His Excellency the Governor, and the occasion was celebrated by a public dinner in the Mechanics' Institute, Ballarat, given by the corporations of Ballarat West and East, to which His Excellency, the Ministry, the members of both houses of Parliament, the chairmen of neighbouring municipalities, and a large number of other guests, were invited, and the day was observed in Ballarat as a general holiday. Melbourne has thus been brought into direct railway communication via Geelong, with one of the most important gold- fields towns, and the centre of a rich agricultural district. The new line is some fifty-two miles and a-half in length, and the total distance by rail from Melbourne to Ballarat is ninety-five miles, which is traversed regularly in four hours by the traffic trains. Between Geelong and Ballarat the line attains an elevation of 1,700ft. at the summit level near Warrenheip, and from that point (a distance of about five miles) descends 300ft. to Ballarat. The line, so far as finished - and the contractors expect to turn it out of hand in a very few weeks - is built in the most substantial manner. The greatest work on the line - and, indeed, in the colony - is the Moorabool viaduct, a structure which carries the line over the wide valley of the River Moorabool. This fine work consists of nine piers, supporting an iron girder bridge on Warren's patent. The span between the piers is 130ft., and the total length of the viaduct 1,450ft. The height of the roadway is 110ft. The weight of the girders is 1,500 tons, and not less than 35,000 tons of blue- stone have been used in the construction of the piers. The cost of the whole line (without stations or plant) has been something like a million and a-half, and the contract has been admirably carried out by the contractors, Messrs. Williams and Co. Yesterday, an additional sectiopn of the Murray River line - that between Woodend and Kyneton - was formally opened, the Municipality of Kyneton following the example of Ballarat on the occasion. This extension carries the available portion of the line some ten miles nearer to Castlemaine, and the works on the Taradale section and between Castlemaine and Sandhurst are now so far advanced that there is every reason to believe that, by the end of June next, Messrs. Cornish and Bruce will have finished their extensive contract, and placed the public of Victoria in possession of a most important trunk line of railway, connecting the capital with the richest of our gold-fields. In another column will be found particulars of a novel aud extremely interesting ceremony, which took plaoo hero a few days ago, in the Ex- hibition Building-namely, tho investiture of Major-GenoralSir Thomas ti. Pratt with the ribbon and Etar of the ordor of the garter. The inrcs tituro was performed by Hist Excollonoy the Go- vernor, in tho presonco of a brilliant assemblage, comprising Iho Ministry, the members of both Houses of Çarliamont. tho officers of tho military, naval, and volunteer forces, ladies, ¿co. His Ex i cellency gave a stato banquet in tha evening in honour of the major goneral. The colonial armed steam sloop Victoria has arrived from the Gulf of Carpentaria, and the despatches of Commander Norman, and the reports of Messrs. Walker and Lands- borough, the leaders of the land expedi- tions, have been published, by order of the Legis- lative Assembly. As previously reported, Walker's party (mainly composed of Queensland blacks long employed by Walker) discovered Burke's return tracks on the Flinders River, and traced them within two miles of that beautiful scene on the Flinders sketched in Captain Stokes' explorations as " Burial Reach." From sea to sea, from south to north, therefore, the conti- nent of Australia has been crossed, and the old mystery unveiled. Walker describes the country he traversed (to the east of Burke's route) in the glowing terms employed by Burke and Wills. He found an elevated and well- watered table land, covered with a vegetation particularly well adapted for rearing horse stock -a good country both for cattle and sheep, though, perhaps, rather warm near the Gulf for the last- named description of stock. Lands- borough's excursions towards the south- west, from the Albert River, satisfied him also that the country was well adapted for settlement, its greatest drawbacks being the mosquitoes and flies with which it is plagued. The same report was made by Captain Stokes, and the boating parties from the Victoria experienced in their fulness the tortures those small but active enemies to human comfort can inflict. Before the Victoria's departure from the Gulf, Walker's party had started to trace Burke's tracks back to Cooper's Creek, and Landsborough's party had set out for the same destination, on a course more towards Central Mount Stuart. Howitt's party, in the meantime, has reached the creek with supplies ; and despatches, which he carried with a light party to an out-station in South Aus- tralia, have been received from him. Instruc- tions have been sent to him by the same route and additional supplies, and every hope is enter- tained that both Walker and Landsborough will have reached the creek ere this, and thus in ample time to join Howitt, or at least to benefit by the supplies which he will have left behind, and to follow his broad trail into the settled districts. Only that part of the Austra- lian continent lying between Central Mount Stuart and the head of the Victoria -or rather, Gregory's farthest south from that point-now lies unexplored, and probably that last great blank on the map will be filled up when M'Kinlay's party returns from the extended journey in which it is now engaged. To the country discovered by Burke attention is being given, both in Victoria and Queensland, and there is little doubt that large tracts of it will be speedily taken up for the purpose of sheep-rearing and cattle-breeding. Others are turning their thoughts to the Plains of Promise on the head waters of tho Albert, while many others look forward to a renewal of the Raffles Bay and Port Essington attempts-this time, however, on tho north-west coast, either about the Victoria River, or the elevated land to the southward of that district described by Captain Stokes. Our volunteora have again spent their Easter holidays in camp on tho Werribee, and this tuno havo achieved a real (though a bloodless) vtototy over tho weather I Nuttung oould have been moro toinjling, nolhiug moro inviting, lo a pleasant soldierly picnic excursion and encampment than tho wcalhcr up till tho night of Tuesday of last week-tbeday on which tho tents wero pitched But Wodnesday was fitful and threatening , and soon after midnight BO tromendoua a storm of wind set in, accompanied by rain, that in a few minutes the sleopois wore lying in beds of witor, and in a few seconds moro scarcely a rag of cmvas was left of tho camp to cover the smallest drummer boy Pirst to yield to the storm was the tent of the head quarters staff, and quickly went down the humbler erections round about. The sutlers' cunteens wore thrown down hito houses of cards , and when morning dawned on the scene, the Wornboe plain was one far extouding masa of mud and water, with no canvas islands in it but the tents of the artillery, and with a wild and watery sky overhead, from which roar- ing winds came out and watery floods descended, all that day, and the next, and the next ! But, though the abandonment of the camp was seriously proposed, and though numbers of vo- lunteers were necessarily sent back to Melbourne for a time, and though the arrangements for the shooting-matches were sadly interfered with, per- severance was ultimately crowned by victory. On Sun/slay better weather Bet in, tho camp, pre- viously set np, was again fully tenanted On Monday morning, soma 2,382 wero in tho field , and as tho pi uns had become hard and dry under foot, the great sham battle of tho Wernbeo Tord was fought and won Details of this engage- ment will bo found m another column. The ad valorem tariff recently adopte! in Tas mama ia already found to \voik injuriously, and efforts aro being male to get rid bo h of the tariff and tho Mimsliy which imposed it One of the firot steps taken by Sir Domiuic Djily since bia an it al in Adelaide has been to invite the various Australasian colonies to send repre- sentatives to a conference, to bo hold in Mel- bourne, on the subjoct of a uniform tariff for the various Australian colonies, and tho p o post tiou has been recoivoi with favour by some at least of the Governments to whom the invita- tion has been addressed. Wo aro still without telegraphic communication with Tasmania, tho submarine wiro between King's Island and Tasmania, if not destroyed, remaining out of otdei, and apparently not re- pairable Tho Tasmanian Government aro en- deavouring to make good the communication by oiTuring the line to Eoghah capitalists. Captain Gilmore, of Launceston, has proceeded to London, ohnrged with a mission on tho subject, and tho terms he will offer have tho assent of tho Govern monta of Tasmania and Viotorm. The Tasmanian journals have lately boon call- ing attention to the value of the Australian bets to the whaler. A considerable amount of local capital 13 invested in this Irado with advantago, but the extenaivo held may almost bo said to bo in tho hands of tho Americans, who reap a largo profit from it. It does seom Bingulnr that tho trade of our seas ahould havo been abandoned by the English whalera Certainly a aource of employment for wholo fleets of whalera ia nt pro Bent ontiroly overlooked by the shipowners of the mother country. Somo important ohangcs in the local brandies of the mail service aro about to tako place. In Juno, tho Adelaida Govern- ment mil cease sending to nnd receiving their mails at King George's Sound. Aftor that (into they mil bo brought to and shipped from Ilobson's Bay. This will dopnvo Melbourne and Sj dney of the advautago thoy at present enjoy of a summary of tho nows by the mail titi Adelaide, usually received twenty four hours or moro beforo tho arrival of tho mail steamer in Hobson'» Bay. Only on soma ono or Uo occasions has this ad- vantage been mused since the branch Btoamors have phrd between Adclaido and the Sound, through the superior speed and botter fortuuo of tho larger vessels of the Peninsular and Oriental Company. That advantage will bo moro missed now that smaller vessels, of mfenoi power and speed, aro placed on tho Gallo and Sydney line. The postal ar- rangements of New Zealand rro also to be thoroughly ohanged, and the great bulk of the mails between England and thoso settlements will on and aftor May or Juno next pass through Melbourne and Otago. BoU'eou Melbourne and Otago tho communication will bo maintainod by the Aldinga nnd Omeo, with the help of the Gottonbur,?, now daily oxpeoted , and I ho Vie toi ian coasting steamers White Swan and Queen have boon chartoied by tho New Zoalnnd Govern- ment to carry the coast mails between Auckland and Otago. Tho Auckland mail-or a portion of it, at least-»ill, however, still pass through Sydnev I vitngo continuos to yield large quantities of sold, but the severity of tho winter has driven back many of tho miners to the holds they loft iu .Victoria. Others havo gono to British Columbia, nttrnctod by tho glowing accounts rc contly sent from that quarter. Up to tho 28th Maroh, thero bad been exported from Dunedin, mainly toMelbourno, somo 357,09loz. of gold, worlh about a million and a half sterling. Sir Georgo Grey scorns to be gradually winning his way to tho cstnblishmont of a distinct lino of polioy, whioh shall rostoro tho Queen's supromaoy in Now .Zealand without roeourso to war being necessary. Ho has succeeded admirably in creating or bringintr. out a loyal feoling and form- ing a strong Queen's party amongst tho natives, by whom his moasuros for tho proper administra- tion of justico seem to bo well understood and appreciated. ConEiderablo quantities of rain havo fallon throughout tho eolony, and minors will now bo enabled to " wash-up,' and bring their gold to market. A longcontinuod drought, loading in many districts to tho total stoppago of tho quartz crushing machines and tho puddling dams for weeks (and in somo instances for months), had materially reduced tho yield of gold, and of courso the earnings of l ho miner. THE GOLD-FIELDS. Tho long-wished-for rain has como at last to gladden tho heart of tho minor, though tho greater part of what lins alroady fallen will bo absorbed by tho thirsty earth ; still, some wn'cr has boon saved, and will be retained for use, and a oommoncemont can bo mado in washing out the gold from tho heaps of dirt piled up during the last tbreo months. It is now some years since such n scarcity of wator was experienced, and many good spots had to bo abandoned in consequence Thus tho population was moro over-crowded than it otherwise would ayo beca at those places where thia indiepenaablo element continued to bo availnblo, although, indeed, o herwiso thoro baa boon little reason for dispersion, tho lato discovones within our own territory having bcon few and unimportant. Wo havo no new place of Buffieiont promiso to offer any great counter attraction to the Lachlan, to which many of our miners aro still wending their wai. 0/ the 15,000 people now there, only a few hundred are getting gold , still, judging by what has been learned on other gold fields, many aro mchnod to hehevo that time alono ia required to prove the existence of moro rieh loads Uko tho one which has BO quickly rendered this place famous. No second lead at all to bo com pared with it baa j el been opened, but unless by the merest accident deep leads aro not to be j found without much labour and perseverance, I and whsro one rich deep lead ia Uieia aro cer- tain to bo moro. Nuggets of 73oz and 1170?. have lately boen found there too, as well as rich quartz , and with these corroborativo indica- tions to support them m tho opinion; of the Lach Unbecoming a permanont and highly important goltl field, it is no wonder if many of our old and experienced miners ahould hope for » renewal there of the (,onoral state of prosperity tbey re- member m the early days of some of our best holds. At present things promise well for a partial reali- zation of these hopea, but i1- will bo tho fito of many to be disappointed, oven should the Lach- lan turn out to bo a second Ballarat, for if several more rqually attractive places are not shortly opened up, it will continue to bo overcrowded as it is now. Even at present much of the pros- perity of the place ia only apparent and temporary, tis tho money in circula unis mostly 6pent by the new corners, who are content to live for a timo on what they hnvo sav ed elccwhero , but whatever the future of this field mn\ ho, it is helping much to reduce the number of our working miners, so that wo can scarcely oxpeot ovon tho moat abundant supply of water to bring up the average of our weekly escort returns to what it was last winter. Many of the miners who went to New Zealand have returned, and many moro will return from there unless fresh discovenea are made, but the influx by sea is counterbalanced loy the doparturea over land, BO that our number of working bands will still leuiam sevoral thousands short of what it was. Of tho spots lat ly opened hero, one of the most promising just now is in the Ararat district, at what are called the Groat Western Diggings, where the now lead has been in very a few weeks traced out for a considerable distance, and is very rich m parts at least. Prom what aro con sidcred tho moderately-good claims on it, tho yield is at the ra'o of an ounce and a half to tho loud, while a few claims aro yield- ing four tunos that avengo, and tho dis coterers are said to havo washed out a patch of dirt fiom their claim which yielded them five ounces to tho bucket. Near tho Avoca two small leada were struok a few d»vs since, which, from their position, and the appcaranco of the country around thom, aro supposed to indicato the exist- ence of largo deposits in their vicinity Ono of these was found to rt n within a very few foet of the bo tom of an old p ospecting shaft, thus adding nno'hor to the many instances of valuable leads being missed only by a little, in the hasty search so often commoucod, and aa quickly abon dosed in likely looking places. Somo fresh lends havo also been opened in parla of the Ballarat district, but on theso nnd elsewhere the miners havo been able to do no moro than just keep possession of their claims during the absence- of water. Ltttlo further baa boen modo known about tho Jordan Diggings, in the midst of the iiiou-itams, but all accounts ngreo as to the abundanou of gold , the miners, however, aro now becoming anxious about the possibility of pro visions being conveyod to thom through the winter Roads are to bo Burveyod and cleared through the almost impassable forest, but little can bo dono at that, or, indeed, any other kind of work, during tho wet season, and we shall know but little moro of tho extent or general character of the auriferous country around tho Jordan Diggings until next summer. Tho nuggets lately found havo beou small in size, and below the usual average na to numbers. Tho boar of these wei o found around Dunolly, one parcel exhibited thero laafc week containing sevon of tho gross woight of llloz , ono of which weighed forty otincea, and two other» sixty ounces, tho remainder being from five to twelve ounccf oaca Nuggets of 21oz ldwt, 2loz ISiwt 8gr, and 2ioz respectively, havo also been found neal Amherst and Talbot Then Kingower and Yandoit, places so often named in connexion with far larger lumpa, bavo only of 1 \to produced littlo affaire of 18s_ 12dw t , ldez , lOoz , and so on downwards. Last on tbo list comes Old Bendigo, with one of thirty seven ounces, fouud accidentally in the woll known Robinson Crusoe Gully, by men engaged at other work thau gold hunting, and another of lloz. 15Jwt taken from some spot unnamed. The quartz mining interest, too, has suffered equally with tho alluvial miners from tbo want of water, many of tho crushing mills haime, bcon prevented from working for weeks and months Nor havo any of the late roturna bcon largo, com pared with what wo have had formerly to chrouiclo The best yield was from the Shiloh tei vard Reef, in tho Pyrenees district, a lot of eight tone of stone out of one claim on tina having produced 17Goz Some good jielda wore obtained from tho Inglewood reefs, tho beat of these, m proportion to tbo quantity of stone, having been G4cz from four ton3 and a half out of a claim on iho Mommg Star. Maxwell's Reef still maintains ita character as tbo best in thia distinct, and appears likely to do BO, although goid veins hviQ boo» found lately in Borne of the newer reefs, but nono promising to equal m ox tent and nohnoss thoso now bui-if worked on tho reef named. Thus threo lota oí ¿tono lately eniähod from one of the claims on it, (.mounting to ninety eight tons, produced 283oz , aud sixty six tona from anothor, 22Joz , wlnlo from 120 tona of what is called aecoud rato stone the yiold was 371oz An averago íeturn of four ounces to the ton was also obtained from nmety tous of quartz from one of tho reef« near Morse's Creek, m the Ovens district, and though we leave the Bendigo district to tho last, some of the yiold3 obtained from tho reefs m it are not the least worthy of mention Thii3 thirtj oight tons of Btono from tho Eaglehawk Reof produced 248oz lldwt. , and thirty Boven lons from the North Devonshire, 181oz lldwt Ballarat is still distinguished abovo all other dis- tricts bj tho ability of tho quartz minors in it to live by raising such stone as cannot bo crushed with prcht elsewhere. Ono company thero had a clear proht of £200 in ton dajs, aftor paying nil exponaos, from stono that only gavo thom nnnvc rago of two pennyweights to tho ton, and the averago yield during that month of 0,003 ton3, crushed by different companies, was only three pennyweights and a half to the ton, their profit arising from the largo quantity of easily raised quartz, which they can put thiough powerful ninohinery in n short space of timo During tho last fow weeks the companies on the deep loada havo had leas than their usual good fortune, and the dividends of the most successful of thom have been comparatively small. EXPLORATION OF AUSTRALIA. At the date of our last summary we were ena- bled to notify the safe arrival of H.M.C.S. Vic- toria, Captain Norman, at Brisbane, in Queens- land, having on board the rescued crew of the brig Firefly. It will be recollected that the latter vessel had been wrecked on one of the Hardy group of islands, on the north-east coast of Australia, about 120 or 140 miles to the south- east of Cape York. The hulk was unseaworthy, but Captain Norman succeeded in towing her round to the head of the Gulf of Carpentaria, and despatching her as far as practicable up the Albert River, where she now remains with a supply of stores, in the event of the party either of Landsborough or Walker being com- pelled to return to the Gulf. This exploit of the Victoria, and her gallant commander and crew, has been justly regarded as adding one more to the list of her many good ser- vices. Walker, whose party consisted almost entirely of natives, had come upon Burke's tracks on the upper part of the Flinders, and had again started to follow up Burke's re- turn tracks to Cooper's Creek. Three weeks afterwards he was followed by Landsborough's party, and since then no further tidings of their progress have reached us. After re-coaling at Brisbane, Captain Norman started for Sydney, having in the meantime been feted by the towns- people, and also highly complimented by the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Herbert, "for the able manner in which he had carried out the arduous duties entrusted to him." The Colonial Secre- tary added that the Government "mainly attri- buted the success of the operations so far to his (Captain Norman's) own personal efforts, aided by those of the officers and crew under his com- mand." The Victoria arrived in Hobson's Bay on the 31st March. Captain Norman brought with him voluminous despatches, which were as soon as possible prepared for publication, and pre- sented to Parliament on tho 5th instant. They consist of a letter from Captain Norman, enclosing reports and correspondence to the extent of about fifty large pages of small print. The re- ports embrace the journals of Messrs. Landsbo- rough and Walker, and the correspondence of both with the commander of the Victoria. Mr. Lands- borough's journal of his south-western expedition from the Albort River, in the direction of Central Mount Stuart, which was undertaken before tho discovery by Walker of Burke's tracks on the Filnders, extends from the 18th of November, 1861, to the 22nd of January, 1862, by which time he had returned to the depot on the Albert. It is not very interesting. He made in all twenty- four camps, the twenty-fourth being on the 8th of December, in latitude, "from observed alti- tude of the sun on plains two and a half miles to tho N. N. S., 20deg. 14min. 5sec.' He says he had resolved to return to the depot on the Albert, as he considered it "waste of time to try and proceed further, and that the main object of the expedition would have a better chance of a suc- cessful issue by exploring in a better watered country." "Besides," he adds, "the blacks were so numerous, that I deemed it would be hardly safe to form a depot camp with my small party, to search for water from it. " No. 8 of Commander Norman's despatches is a copy of Mr. Frederick Walker's journal from Rockhamp- ton to the Albert River. The journal is concisely written, and extends from the 7th October to the 7th December. On the former day he gives his longitude as 146deg. 1min., and his latitude as 24deg. 34sec., at which time he was pushing down the Victoria River. He says, "whilst camped here we searched for the L. (Leichardt) tree seen by Gregory, and found it on tho 5th October on the south bank. In the meanwhile I had found another L. tree, two miles below our camp on the north side, and seven below the tree seen by Gregory. I looked for an open road N.N.W., but was checked by a dense, almost impenetrable scrub of acacia. A lit- tle below the second L. tree I found I could pass round the termination of this scrub. I surmise that Leichardt intended leaving the Victoria at the tree seen by Gregory, was stopped in his N. N. W. course by the same barrier encountered by me, and turned back to camp at the tree found by me, subsequently clearing the scrub where I rounded it. His track, if he had dry wleather, would, on this basaltic soil, be soon ob- literated. The horses, by the few days' rest here on the best grass the Australian colonies afford, got into fine condition, and it was a pleasure to see so many fine horses, with their coats shining as if they had been stabled and well groomed." Continuing to make a N. N. W. course through a generally excellent, and in parts well-watered country (though of many parts he reports the water as being " not permanent" ), he reached the depot on the 7th of December. In several instances he had boen compelled to fire upon and kill a number of hostile natives, and once had quite an engagement with them, which he describes in military phrase, the blacks having drawn themselves up in a half moon, in three parties, forming a centre and right and left wings. This device is called "stockyarding," and is said to be peculiar to blacks throwing spears with a woomera, the object being to concentrate a shower of spears. Having charged their left wing, the circular line doubled up, and the blacks turned, and fled, their centre and left wing suffering a severe loss. On the publication of Captain Nor- man's despatches, the Exploration Committee of the Royal Society held a meeting on the 11th of April, to consider what instructions should be sent to Mr. Howitt, who would be anticipating the arrival of Walker and Landsborough at Cooper's Creek. Previous to arriving at a deci- sion, the committee telegraphed to the Com- missioner of Crown Lands at Adelaide, stating the necessity of providing against all contin- gencies, by leaving twelve weeks' provisions for twelve men at the depot (Cooper's Creek), and asking for information on certain mat- ters of detail. Mr. Howitt had in tho mean- time made his way from Cooper's Creek, vid Mount Hopeless, to Blanchewater, and for- warded despatches vid Adelaide, and again left on his return to the creek, leaving word for instructions to be sent to him without de- lay. Blanchewater is a run of country in the far north of South Australia. Mr. Howitt's despatches were received and read by the com- mittee on the 12th inst. He was at Blanche- water on the 18th March, having come there with a light party from Cooper's Creek, to which he proposed returning by M'Kinlay's route, via Lake Hope. Slight symptoms of scurvy had ap- peared among his men, but, with that exception, good health prevaild in the party. By the despatches and diary, it appears that the South Australian searching part) (M'Kinlay's), have visited the graves of Burke and Wills, at Cooper's Creek. After the reading of the documents, some discussion took place as to the propriety of sending instructions to Mr. Howitt ; and it was ultimately determined to take advantage of the good offices of the South Austrnlian Government, and forward despatches requesting Mr. Howitt to remain at Cooper's Creek until the arrival of Landsborough's party from Carpentaria, or until he received further advices from the committee, and to employ his party, in the meanwhile, in exploratory excursions to the northwards. An adjourned meeting of the Exploration Com- mittee was held on the 14th inst., at the Royal So- ciety's Hall. The members of the committee present were Sir W. F. Stawell, who presided, Professor M'Coy, Dr Eades, Dr. Wilkie, Dr. Mueller, Dr. Macadam, Mr. Selwyn, Mr Gillbee, and Captain Cadell. The sub- committee brought up a draft copy of the instructions proposed to be sent to Mr. Howitt, which were adopted with some amendments. The instructions, as agreed upon, are to the effect that the depot at Cooper's Creek shall be maintained until the arrival there of Mr. Walker's party and Mr Landsborough's party from Carpentaria, or until the receipt by the committee of the intelligence that those expeditions have reached the settled districts ; th , to guide the parties still out, Mr. Howitt shall leave for a considerable distance up and down Cooper's Creek visible means of intelligence as to the exact position of his camp ; and that "all neces- sary stores, clothing, and provisions," Mr Howitt shall obtain at the settlements nearest to Cooper's Creek or elsewhere, power being given to him to take whatever steps he may deem desirable in the matter. The committee intimate that the Chief Secretary has communicated with the South Aus- tralian Government, holding the Government of Victoria responsible for any extra expense in- curred on the part of the expediti0n ; and they inform Mr. Howitt, that the Commissioner of Crown Lands for South Australia, on being ap- plied to, will supply him with any assistance that he may require. In this position matter remain for the present. THE RAILWAYS. OlENIMJ Or THE BALL lit IT LINE. Tho rulway worka for which tho colony of Victoria so largely plodged its credit a fow years ago aro now drawing to a close. Gradually tbo main lines hnvo "drawn their slow lengths along ' from the coast towards tho gold fields, and now tho public aro about to reap tho fruits of the foresight and cnlorpriso of thoso who had tho courngo, so early in the history of tho colony, to project the ni igniflocnt worl s whioh wo havo lately seen tako form and shape, and tho main purposo of which was to bring into direct nndi apid communication with tho seaboard thoso fields oE wealth which extetod in tho interior, and, by tho facilities whioh railwavs afforl, assist m develop- ing the resources of the colony and tho settle- ment and future prosperity of tho country That great schemo draws qiiiolly to its accomplish- ment It waa but a few months ago that wo bad tho pleasing duty of chroniclinrç tho opening o£ the Murray River Railway, over i s most difficult sections, to Woodend, and on tho 10th inst , tho connexion Of Molbourno nud Ballarat by rulwny waa formally inaugurated 1 y His Lxcellenoy the Govornor Afowmonlhs moro and the main trunk lines of railway projeoted by tho Qovorn mont will bo finished Iho ceremony of tho 10th was purely of a formal character, nnd had li11Io m it of pomp or circimiBtauce but its importauco and fugnificanco wore none tho less for the undomoustrativo manner in which it waa porformod At nn oarly hour-o c,ht o clock-a tram »tarfed, carrying Bomo 15) passengers from Molbourno and its neighbourhood, who had provided thorasoh cs with tho dinner tickets issued by tho combined corporations of Ballarat, cither for Ibopurposo of taking part in tho fcstmtiOB of tho day, or as a cheap moans of visiting their fnonds in Ballarat It was understood that a train would leav e Ballarat at a still oarhoi hour, to convey to Geelong tho mombors of tho two municipalities, for whom a wolcomo, in tho shapo of u champagne breakfast, was to bo providod by those ' wondrous Ocelongoso wham tho looal poet oolebratoa Tho union of the two oorpora 'ions, hotvover, soomed to bo followed in this httlo matter with tho same fitahty of diro con- fusion and failure which attend thoir graver efforts, and tho breakfast carno off without the guests, who failed to arrivo in timo At ten o elock a spoc ii train of twolvo or thirteen car- riages loft Sponcor strcot station, oonvoymg somo J00 passongora His Exoellonoy, who wa« attended by Captain Bancroft, ocoupicd tho special vice royal earringo, and amongst tho 100 (.nests who journoyod by tho train wero most of tbo mombors of tho Ministry-tho only nbsontoo of note bomg Mr Duffy-and of both Houses of Parliament, tho Mayor of Molbourno, tbo ohair mon of tho suburban and of vnrious country munbipahtics, and tho leading representatives o£ tho capital and ind tstry concentrated ni Mol- bourno Iho Indios, also, vontirod out in somo numbera on the oooosion At Geelong, where tho local rifles formed n guard of honour, a halt wag called, during which tho throo corporations were introduced to His Excellency Somo delay waa necessarily incident to theso proceedings, and having received au accession of a hundred guests from tho capital of South Grant, and a socoud engtae to i s locomotivo pawer, tbo train pro- ceeded rapidly on its journey over tho nosr lino of railway. A night of clouds nnd rain bad givon placo to a morning of fair Bkies, over which n passing cloud now and thon slowly saüod, whilo a gentle land wind filled the sails of numorous craft that could bo soon making: their nay seawards down Hobsons Bay and the often praised and beautiful shcot of water on which Geelong is situated Tho salt-water waa soon shut out of view as tho trun sped inland';'' bat tie soft rains of tho night had given a fresher" glow to the verdura of tho long plains towards Lethbridge, and a finer touoh of green to tho beautiful woods of the Clyde dis- trict, and' tho charming forest scenery whioh Warrenheip crowns. An tho train swept on, its progress seemed to be an objeot of great interest to tho scattered groups which, all alon ; the line, had assembled to mark thoir interest ia the Important event of tho day. Few of tboaa «spectators oould fail to draw a contrast betwoa i their earlier nnd later expediences. Many o' them could remember that not ten years agi almost the whole land over which that trail travelled was a wilderness, unmarked by road«, untravorsed by telegraphs, nnd undreamt of fo, railways. The journey of a couple of hours no v ovas tho labour of days then, the rains and windi cf winter wero nlmost oonquoring enemies, an I the sun of summor itself was scarcely more en- durable. And already cities of pitlaoes exist, telegraphs stretoh from sea to sea, nnd railway i have been built at tho cost ot millions ol money. Soon after throe o'clock the train reached Bal- larat East, where very largo orowds had assom Wed to meet and welcorao H1B Excolloncy. A hasfcv triumphal arch had boen erected, and a processioi tod bcon organized to meet the Viceregal guest, un the supposition that he would be induced t > Jnnd there, and proceed through tho municipality to Ballarat West. Timo, howover, did not per- mit of that nrraugoment being curried out ; an I nf tor His Excellency had received and replied t > tin addresa from tho chairman of tho municipality, und formally declared tbo lina opened, Bteam wa i ngnin put on, and in a few seconds tho station o' Uallarat West was entorod. Hero a still large, crowd had assembled to meet the " thro > estates"-tho Governor, tho Counoil, and ths " Commons"- and another, though not muo'i more pretentious nroh of triumph, spanned thi line of railway. In and around Ballarat a general holiduy bad boen proclaimed, and ali tho surrounding neighbourhood, for a consider- able distanco, had sent its representatives to tho scone. The banque1: was an importtut feature in thi day's proocedingB. It took place in tho spaciout hall of the Mechanics' Institute. The company present numbered nearly COO, and, thanks to the commodionsness of tho apartment and tho com- pleteness of the arrangements, the party were well accommodated, without any difficulty- or confusion. Mr. Charles Dyte, tho chairman of the Eastern Council, presided, and on his right nnd left were His Exoollency tho Governor au,t iho Ministers. The duties of vice-president .were performed by Mr. Bobert Lotvls, chairm&i; cf the Western Council. At tho oloso of the ropast, tho toasts of " Th i Queen" and "The Boyal Family" were drunk wiih duo honours. The Chairman then proposed " Tho Health o? the Governor." Ilia Excellency, whose rising waa welcomed with great applause, in acknowledging the oo*u plinunt- said it waa a source of unalloyed gratifi- cation to him that he had been nblo to attend nn 1 take part in ihe ceremonies at tho opening of tin Geelong and Ballarat Bailwny-tho first of thoa i «rea- railway enterprises whioh had been initiate 1 hy tho Government of this country. Although tbo days of his stay in the colony were diminish- ing in number, ho earnestly trusted that h> ibould remain long enough to witness tho Mount Alexander liuo opened from Melbourne to Sand- hurst. It had been his good fortúneos the Queen'J representative, to bo at the head of affairs in thii country during tho time thnt thone great under- takings wero planned, and the f tinda for carryin r them out wero raised ; and although, as a con- stitutional rulor, he was aware that he oould not claim a sharo in the merits of tho policy whioh dictated their construction with thuso whom ho caw around him, and who wero entitled to the praise, yet, as ho had ever takon a warm interest in tho progress of the undertakings, and OB h? had done his best, both in this country and at homo, to promoto their success, ho certainly ven- tured to indulge tbo hope that, na this had beer the most romarkablo evont during the period o: his administration, his nnmo might be associatol and identified with both of theso great national works. (Loudohcors.) Mr. Service, M.L A., proposed "Success to the Geelong and Ballarat ltiilway." Tho Hon. W. II. F. Mitchell (Commissioner of Railways), in replying to the toast, observed tha*. that was a proud day; for tho country. They ha I completed a line of railway which was not surpass > 1 in the world ; nnd whether as regarded tho magni nido of tho works, or tho engineering oapaolt/ displayed, thoy had completed tho undertakingia a tnaunerof which every momborof tho community mun be thoroughly proud. (Hear, hear.) I x <. xecnting this work they had created a grea*. debt; nnd thoy had now to oonsider whetbor thoy had noted prudently, in n commercial )ioint of view, in incurring such a liability. The amount of dobt, when tho loans were com- pleted, would bo £8,500,000, and the into rest on that would bo £510.000 n-year; and jet, if ho wero standing, under such ciroutu M.'iiiccp, boforo a body of shareholders, explain- ing tho position of their affairs, he would toll them boldly that thoy wero safe in what thoy had dons. Their.prospeoti were very good. The/ had already complotod fifty miles of railway to Woodend. The returns on that line amounted to i'G3 per milo per week. In a fow weeks the lina v.ould bo open to Bendigo. The length would then Lo doubled, and thry might fairly calculate that the returns would bo doubled also. Tho Uno to Ballarat nud that to Bendigo wero of nearly equal length ; and if they put all the figures together, they would find that the total returns would oxoae J ¡1:830,000 n-year. The working expenses of Iho lino to Woodend did not exceed fifty per cont ; nnd when that line was openod the whole way the percentage would bo diminished rather thin increased. However, takiog half (he amount named o s the not returns that the railways wouU »iroduoe, they had something liko£416,000a-year. '.I'hia would loavo them in debt, to tho extent ot ¿'00,000 n-yoar ; but ho had not talton intj ncooimt tho Geelong nnd Wii"* "faitoï'n traffic, whioh might bo estimated at nbettt one-third oB the sum already mentioned, aud with this it Mould bo found that thny would bo able, not only to pay their iutercst, but to put by £80,000 a-yoar > OBide. (Hoar.) Ho forosaw that tha day was noi far distant when the railwav would pay no well i bat English capitalists would be induced to com3 forward and purchase the line. They would thon I o ablo to pay off tho dobt of £8,500,000, and yet 1-nvo aiiffioient funds in hand to spread a network of railways over tho colony. He might add, thai; le foreM.iv the time, and that not distant, when a second banquet-not surpassing in splendour thal: of tho. prosont day-would bo held lo commo morato tho opening of n line from this groa; ti.vvn of Ballarat to the rich lands of tho west. (Loud chcerb.) Mr. W. O. Smith, M.L.A , gavo the next toast, "The Engineer and Contractors," remarking that it was satisfactory to know that tho work, iho completion of whioh thoy were now oele lirattng, had been carried out as cheaply and al -mill as some of tho principal railways in Great Britain. Mr. Higinbotham (ongineer-in-chief ), in ac- knowledging the compliment, alluded to the admirable and substantial manner in which ths works had boen carried out by Messrs. Williams i.nd Little,- under the supervision of thoir engi- neer, Mr. Davies ; and also to tho satisfactory îvay in which Mr. Bobcrt Watson and Mr. Bardie, tho resident onginccrs, had dischargol their duties. Mr. Williams also returned t li auks. Mr. O'shanassy gave " The Mining, Commer- cial, and Agricultural Interests." His Excellency iho Qovornor then proposed "The Healths of tho Chairman and Vioo-Chair man," and tho dinner oamo to a close. At half-past fivo the home train got under war. "Night soon- set in, and in two hours the trail icaohod Geelong, and after nearly half an hour's delay, started for Melbourne. It arrived at thi fSpuncor-streot station nt a few minutes past ton «clock. The works on tho Uno h.tvo bcon skotchol {rom lime to time, at various stages of their progress. It may bo noocisury hero, however, io nppond » tow details, that tho reader i, ay upprootato tho true character of the works tvhioh wo have to show for our railway loan, nud tha: tho reader in England may form some iden of tho tnsgnitudo of the undertakings for «hloh bia assistance was invited. Commono- | ing at West Geelong Junction, the lino loads j through boavy cuttings and embankments for a ! d'Ftanco of fivo miles, wbon tho Moorabool I Viaduot ia renuhed. The magnificent structure is 1,450 fcot long, and 110 feet high. The lacre, nine in number, aro constructed of i , olid bluestone ttshlar, brought from Loth Innige, a distance of fourteen miles. Tha workmanship is of tho best character. Ti clesciibe it technically, it U rcck-fnood, with lr.nr¡/in draft and flne-axcd dressings. The quan- j t ty of stono used in its conMruotlon is estimate! *H btirig something like '120,000 cubic feet, or M3.000 tons.. This vast quantity of stono WAI I all lowered into the valley of the Moorabool by n solf-aoting inclino. A tramway was laid aloa; tho valloy, aud tho laden waggons taken straight to tho piers., Tho method of raiting nnd firm; . tho stone was by an immense staging or gaun trce, 110 feet high, fixed on doublc-llangol wheels, upon whioh it was moved from pier tu pier. A small slx-liorno power portablj j ci'itiuo was .used for tho purpose of liftinr tim stone. Every stono in tho viaduct liad ti rio out to a gtvon size; after whioh it wat | ijiurktd with,, paint, indicating its dimension! < und position.' Somo idoa moy ho formed of tho accuracy,'and Bystoni with whioh this wai dono, and tho perfect arrangements for hoistlnr nnd betting the material so prepared, when it is Btatod that two masons sot the whole of the stonework in loss than twelve months. On the piers rest iron latticed girder«, known as War- rena Patent. Each span is 130 feet. Thei» girders have a most light and olegant appoarauco, but they have been tested to four times tho weight That can ever ho put upon them by traffic. The actual weight of the girders is about 15,000 tons, ¿r about ono toa in weight to eaoh lineal foot. On leaving ti e Moorabool the lino ascends hy easy gradients to Lethbridge, the great working depot of the lino. The stone for the viaduct was quarrioi and dressed here, and hero are fourteen pa- tent stonebreaking-raaohines, whioh have, dunn; some months past, been doing the work of 1,000 men. _ On this section alone, previous to tai adoption of the atonobreoking-maohines, 1,500 men wero engaged. From Lethbridge the lins passes over on easy uninteresting country, until tho Green Hills station is reaohod. More stono breaking-machines are hard at work here. After leaving tho station the works again beooine heavy, the cuttings and embankments bolng of _ difficult character. The gradients are also heavy. At this point the line attains on eleva- tion of 1,500 feet above the level of the soa. A littlo further on, and tho Lal Lal Bwamp, within a milo of the well-known Lal Lal Falls, is reached. Here the country is favourable, and tho line travels over six miles of oountry ina per- fectly straight Hue, through several outtings, and mounts tho Bummit lovel at Warrenheip-namely, 1,700 feet above tho level of the junction. From this point the line gradually drops, by a gradient of one in fifty-two, towards Ballarat, near v-bich the cuttings and ombankments again become heavy, especially the cmbankmont naross tho Yairoivee, which ia nboul a quarter of a milo hi leng b, und consists of about 250,000 cubio foot cf ear Mi wot k. Tbo bridges are of elegant design end gond workmanship. The line waB com- menced ou the 1st August, 1858, and two or tlirco months hence will s. o ita completion and delivery to the Government. The number of men ni one time employed, until machinery ?was largely introduced by the contrnotora, Mesáis, Williams nnd Co,, was about 3,000. Thore have been flvo locomotives and eight Étnlionnry engines engaged on the works. The cart of the plant to the con tractors has been ' i 130,500. Too entire cost of the works to the Government, exclusive of land and rolling stook, will be about a million and a half sterling. When 'it. ¡s taken into consideration that the Moorabool , Viaduct baa cost about £230,000, and the Yar- rowee Viaduct about £100,000, and that these two works form little over half- a-mile, out of fifty-two and ra half miles of railway, and taking into consideration the very substantial ' and lasting character of the works, whioh aro not , surpassed in the world, the average coat per mile i is by no means excessive. MURKAY RIVER LINE. I EXTENSION TO KYNETON. ' Yesterday the formal opening took place of ' another section of the Murray it ver Railway , that botween Woodend and Kyi« cn. Ten miles I bavo thus been added to the portion of the line .available for traolo : and the important gold-fields j of Castlemaine and Sandhurst have thus be ia j brought, it may bo said, so muoh nearer to t le Í seaboard. The occasion was celebrated by a banquet, given by the municipality of Kynetoa, at which Bomo 200 guests sat down. There are no works of any magnitude on the section juit opened. The heaviest is the Campaspe Bridge-a fino bluestone struoturo of three arañes. Th) lino travel GUS un agricultural and long-sottlol portion of tho colony, whero homesteads and fields remind the travellor of English rural tcenes. It is probable that the whole of the line, as far as Sandhurst, will bo ready for traffic loy tho end of June. INVESTITURE OF THE BATH. The courtly pageant of investing a Knight of tho Bath with tho insignia of that "most Lonourable order" took placo at the Exhibition Building, Melbourne, on the 15th inst. The preux chevalier of the occasion was Major» Oeneral Sir Thomna Pratt, commander of lier IMnjesty's forces in the Australian oolonios, upon «horn the dignity of a military K.CB. was con- ferred for his servicesin New Zealand ; the Queeu's warrant for the investiture, and the desparoh accompanying it, having been signed by the Prince Consort, the grand master of the order, but a short timo before his death. The ceremony was performed in a manner ubioh showed ovory desiro on the part of Governor Sir Henry Barkly to obey to the full the R oyal instruction that " nothing be omitted whioh may redound to tho honour, splendour, and dignity ' of the order, " and which may at the samo timo evince our royal regard" for the officor concerned. The Judges, tbo Cabinet Ministers, the Executive Councillors, the officers iu Her Majesty's prrvica stationed here, and tho officers of Volunteer corps, wero present. A guard of honour, consisting of fifty men of tbo Roy-I Artillery, and a like number of the 40th R-J.I ment and the Volunteer Artillery, occupied threo sides of a parallelogram ; on the fourth or upper sido being placed a ohuir of state beneath a handsome canopy, from which to tho lower ead of the hall extended a broad crimson carpet. Flags were tastefully disposed about the buildiug, und the scene altogether waa very imposing. At the hour of noon His Exoellenoy the Governor entered the hall, accompanied by his staff, tho insignia of the Bath being borne on velvet cushions. His Excolloncy being seated on the ohair of state, whioh was surrounded by the distinguished functionaries of whom mention has already been made, direoted his aido-de-camp (Captain Bancroft) to summon Major-General Pratt,and, in pursuance of thissummous.tho Major General appeared, supported by Colonel J. Ander- son and Colonel R. Carey, both Companions of the Bath, and attended by his staff. Major-Goneral Pratt advanced with the usual obeisances amid a flourish of trumpets. The Go70rnor'a private secretary (Captain Timius) then read the de- spatches commanding tho investiture, after which His Excellency offered his congratulations to the Major-Goneral on this fresh pruof of Hor Majesty'a regard. His Excellency traced the Major-Gene lara career from the timo ho entered the army in 1814, and alluded to h'lB services in Holland, India, China, and Now ¡Zealand, concluding bis remarks by observing "that if personal proweBS were now, as of old, indispensable to tho aspirant for knighthood, no Knight of the Bath ever more fairly earned such a token of his sovereign's favour." Tho Major-General then knelt, and the Governor placed the riband with the badge around his neck, and affixed the star of the order to bia breast. The Major Gcnoral then retired, bowing as before, the trum- pets again sounding a flourish. The band played " God save the Queen," and the ceremony was over. Tho galleries were occupied by ladies, among whom were Lady Barkly and Lady Pratt. In tho ovening His Excellenoy gave a banquet in honour of the occasion. Covers wero laid for 150, and the after-dinner proceedings wera highly interesting. THE LAND BILL. This mensuro may be said to have passed its critical stage. It was disposed of by the Legisla- tivo Assembly on tho 8th, or rather the 9th inat., tbo House sitting on the occasion until after fir a o'clock in the morning, and the third readin; being carried by forty-fivo to twenty-three. Th.* till was takenup to the Legislativo Counotl tho next day, and read a first time. The seconl reading is appointed for the first sitting after the Easter recess- namely, the 29th inst. It U generally understood that the bill will not receive much opposition in tho upper branch of the Legislature, and that it will pass pretty woll in tho state in which it loft the Lower House. It is almost unnecessary to mention here that tho bill deals with the whole of the territory not jit alienated from the Crown ; that it proposes to (brow open 10,000,000 acres of agricultural land, in allotments not oxoeeding 640 acres oao i, nt £1 por aero, liborty being given for tho payment of one moioty of the purchase-money by instalment i of half-a-crown per ooro por annum; that it pró- vidos for the granting of extensive and valuable cimmonagea; and that it seeks to give to tin pastoral interest, in respoot to tho Crown landi hold by thom, bnd whioh aro fit for no other tha i craz'.ng purposes, something Uko security of tenure. In our lost summary wo announced til at Ministers had mado a concussion with regard to tbo pastoral portion of tho bill, the effoot of whia'i ?would be to restrict the issue of pastoral lioeno ii to a period of ten years. However, on tho motio i for Ino adoption of tho report on the bill a i amendment waa proposed restricting the porio I to nine years, and this, after some argument, wai carried. The immigration clauses led to considerabla dUoustion in the Assembly, and It was ultimately resolved that one-fourth of tho wholo revenus from the salo, leasing, or licensing, of land should bo devoted to immigration purpose» on \ national basis-that is, pro roto to the population» of England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales -for th j first mno months of tbo year, tho disposal of an/ balance that may remain unappropriated at th) «ndof thoyoartobe left to tho will of Parlia- ment. The Government Intend to appropriât] other portions of the land rovonuo for roads aa I bridge, and local improvements, but provision for this will be mado in a measure (tho Dis trio t Councils Decentralization Bill) whioh has yet to bo considered. A olauio introduced at the instanoo of Mr. Cummins, one of the members for South Grant, will plaoe oxisting proprietors on an oqual fool- ing with now solcctors so far as tho aoquiring of land by deferred payments is ooncernod. Tai clause provides that every owner of lail rjienatod before the Nicholson not ouna Inn operation "shall bo entitled to soleot an allot- ment of Crown lands, and hold the same und or lease, on the samo terms, and in the sam) manner as horoinbeforo provided for seleotors of land in an agricultural area, and the payment of «ne year's rent shall constitute tuuh parson tin f elf otor of Fuoh land, provided the area to b3 selected Ebo.ll not exceed ia extent tha land of i which ho li so seised; but in no caso shall tho said land, so selected, exceed 320 aerea." t During tho consideration of the olauso (23), allowing a holder of land, by virtue of the ocou pation licence system of last year, to bo a selector tinder the act, or to remain in possession on tho conditions of his licence, the Minister of Lau U (Mr. Duffy) called attention to acvernl irregulari- ties which had attended tho issue of the occupa- tion liconccit. Ho showed that thero wero cas J i of two licences being issued for tho same alio ?. i ment, of licences being granted to minors, and oE ' u person taking out liccnoos in tho nanio of overy member of his family. Under thcao oiroum itances it was dconied desirable to make au. alteration in tho clause GO as to give power to the Board of Land and Works to refuse a grant >>£ , land to alicencco if thoy Law ground for su o a ' rofu8al.| One new clause introduced into tho bill limit! the operation of the meaBuro to ten years. , We may add that Mr. Duffy has publicly de- clared that of tho 10,000,000 reserved for settle- ment, thora will probably bo one-half surveyed before tho close of the present year. AGRICULTURE. I To tho Btookowners and f armera tho ohanjrs of weather has boon no less welcoino than it , has boon to the miner, as faed watt beoominj < very short in all parts of tho country, alarmingly Fo in somo, and much of tho tillage land was too hard to bo ploughod without inju- ; liously Uxing the strength of the teams. Tho lain that fell in mostjoE tho"ogrieultural distriots w IIB enough to romovo the formers' difficulties ia ' ibis respect, and everywhere tho grass is spring- ' ing fast. A considerable breadth of land has 1 ten already ploughed on all the older farms, ! nnd whero tho soil ¡B not naturally vory ' iliff, so that a large proportion of the seed may otill ho committed to tho earth in !,cod time ; and after experionci of the last dry summer, tboro will be again n general desire ra sow early where this eau bo done. And, not« ' withstanding the oft- ropa.atod complaints oC farming bring unremunorMivo, no doubt thor J Mill be tbo usual increase in the extent of laal under lbs plough ; for, although wheat is low, jet hay mid other artiolca of produce aro oom,-« paratively ht^h ; and when it comes to tho point, tho farmer who lina his trams and implements ready, thinks he may as well set them to work as not, and so tho increase is kept up. What addi- ! tiens wore made last year to the extent of Iani , under cultivation we do not yet know exaotly, r.s the oollec.ion of the etatistiaal returns has ' lot been completed, but many of those are in, and in two or three weeks tho rfoueral abstrait may bo prepared. It will bo satisfactory to hava ! in figures the best information that is to be ob- tained on this subject ; but, in the meantime, it is plain that in must parts of the colony tho , i-upply of wheat ia ample for the greater part, if net the whole, oE tho current yoar; nnd it is ? equally plain tiiat the homegrown oats and I barley are still far short of our requirements, j All tho barley fit for mab 'ug is cairorly bought | up, now thut the cool weather Ina aot in, and brewers and other peruano, t ipeciilly in the in- j tcrior, aro offering to contrae, for next year's crop . at a good price, and aro otherr. i'Otrj. ing to induce | tha farmers to sow Engliah barley more widely. I Then po lar^e ia the eonaump ion of oata in pro- I portion to what ia grown within our own torri- 1 lory, that were it not for tho r.toat'y supply from I Tasmania tho prico would be alto ;rtl\cr too high ; I even now it ia equal to that of wna it, while malt- ' ii g barley is worth 2s. a Burial mon- than either. [ Hay, too, has risen vory much lyr.n in valiiB i _cr,r all the large towna, hu', the cru.i was defi- cient at last harvest, so that lb» f.irma-s are not I -Itcgcther gainera by thia. However, oata aro in ] in mt demand for seod ¿just now, and, whether | tor hay or for grain, will bo sown ¡n u, larger proportion than before. Whe.it has now fallen nearly to tho prico at which large quantities might be purchased for shipment ; but it is not very clear at prient that thora will be the f urthor reduction of sixpenoa a buBhel required tobring it' within tho reaoh of tho merchants for this ititi poso, nor jet that we shall havo much to ipare if the surplus of South Australia bo sent tC nilior marke's. Two rather largo shipinents'havo it.st been mado by tbo Lillies and Maroo Polo for Liverpool, tho former vesiul taking 21,503 bags of wheat and 2,060 r.acka of dour, and tho latter 8,172 bugs of wheat and 1,917 .saelcs of flour, Tho Sussex, too, has sailed with a small quantity of wheat for London, But these shipments aro ', not likely to du us muah credit in tho eyes I of those purobascrs in England unacquainted with the real Btate of tho m.ittor, for the whoat ia mostly of Californian growth, the lota being rundo up of pircáis of imported grain out of the iliffoient stores which the raillera hero did not euro to havo anything to do with, now that home- grown crain ia plentiful, and the flour ia probably i of a similar character. Thus, oa behalf of the ugriaultural interoat hero, we must protest again »t an opinion being formed of tho produoe of Victoria from the grain shipped by these vessels. The vintage is now over, and from all parts oE the colony we bavo the same ivport of the grapes having beon gathered in primo order, and of the muat being of vory great strength ; BO that the wines of this season will need no fortifying to rea- der thom acceptable to tho 8omowh.it deprava i taste of most of ourcountrymen. As to the quantity ruado, this will plainly bo far short of the present comparatively limited demand, nnd tho statistioB will soon givo us n noar nporoxuiiation to tho nntual number oE gallonB. The mAnufaoiuriug of homa-grown tobacco has no.r bdoii fairly oon mi-ced, and io a very few wecka tho new product wiU bo in tho maikot, in lha form of iiing and twist, and after a f«jw weeks more ia cthor approved shapea and form?. Tobacco vsed to bo largely grown o'td m tnufaotured ia New South WultB, but nover to tbo satisfaction >.f any {class of smokers, who Invariably declarad ir. to be only fit for sheep vrasb, uuler whatever form it waa presented to thom. Even ago did not Bootu to deprive it n* iho biting, disagreeable flavour objootod to, ?.vhich, howovor, our manufacturan hire say th^y em romovo during the oourso uf preparation for market, by somo peculiar proooas known only to t'lomselves. Some of the sample- of loaf offered i o thom they declare to be wry superior, and fit far any purpose. Theao are of tho most modern mil ostoomod American varieties, tho soods oE whioh wore imported direct Lv,t year ; and so well do theso thtivo here, that next year thero is likely to be enough grown to keep tha full num- ber of hands the factory is fitted up for, turning out eight tons n-week. Eivii in this, tho first season of trjing the new crop hore, it is «xpeated that about 100 tona of leaf will be brought to market, for which an average prioo of £112 a ton will ba given, but as much as £150 a ton ia offered by another firm for primo samples, so that oorupttttion is likely to be of benefit to tho grower, who should at either prioo make a largo profit, loaving still a large margin oE profit to the manufacturer, if Us can but produce an artiolo fit for general ooi Bumption. Just now thero ara ua agricultural meetings of any kind being held, tho autumn shows of stook and produco being over, and the ploughing-matahes not having commenced. Tha steam- plough is now at work, turning over its eight or ten ne rea a-day by tbo banks of the Murray, hundreds of miles away in tho interior a faot very significant of tho progress agriculture is making here. AMUSEMENTS. At tho Thoatro Royal opera has not altogether ceased to be attractive, but it has boen found necessary to supplement tho performnnoo of tho Iyrio drama by an extravaganza, and Mr. Brougham's " Po-Ca-lion-Tas " was produood oa Easter Monday, and has maintained its ground tdnce. Tho principal ohar.actors are sustained by Mr. F. Lyster, who excels in builesquo,and Miss Georgia nodBon, who represents the beautiful Indian. The presont is tho fifth season of Mr. Lystor'a management, and at its close the oom» jinny will proceed to Sydney, wo believe. Au accession of vocal strength is a great desideratum before ho takes tbo field again in thia oity, and oporotio singers in the mother-country qualified to occupy a loading position on tho lyrio stage would do well to turn their attention to Australia, as it has boon proved that tha cities of Molbourno and Sydney aro capable of sustaining a really efficient opera company between them. The Princess's Thoatro li va been leasod for a term by Mr. James Simmonds, who has boon the means of introducing to tho "»lelboiirno publie an Amorioan comedian, named Jiff.-rson, whoso port ormanoos are exciting aomothlng Uko a furore in this city. Tho only characters in whioh ha has hitherto appoared aro tboso of Rip Van Winkle, Bob Acres, and Asa Troochard, in tha " American Cousin." Tho latter oomody has acquired an instantaneous and immonse popu- larity ; not on account of its literary merits, for they are inconsiderable., but from tho adinirablo way in whioh tho piece is acted. Mr. Jefferson's dellnoationof Yankee oharao or is greatly enjoyed by the audionoo, and ho is efficiently supportai hy a strong company, which includes Mr. Lam- bert, Mrs. Alfred Phillipa, Mr. and Mrs. Robjrt Heir, Miss Rosa Dunn, and Mr. Stowart. At Marsh's Lyceum a juvenile troupo of per- formers nightly appear in dramas of a spootaoular charaoter; and tho clroumstauco of throo theatre! being open in this city, the weekly receipts of whioh oalobliahments cannot bo leas than £1,003, to say nothing of a best of minor plaeos of nublio entertainment, wax- work exhibitions, oaa cert rooms, ka,, is a significant proof of th) general prosperity of the ponulat'on. On tho 8th inst. tho Philharaionlo Sjoiaty, ander the direotion of Mr. C. E. Horsloy, gava a concert of Bacred music, with marked ability au i success. Tbo programme embraced Beethoven'! " Mount of Olives," llandol's "Dead March ia Saul ;" Moz trt's " Bequiem," and the " NA tiona! Anthem." The selection having be J I made with a view to pay a tribute of rospeot ti tho memory of the late Prince Consort, thi lulk of the audience wore in mourning, nud the whole of the performance as- sumed a very impressive character ; while th ) loyal y of the audience was emphatically ex- pressed by the demand for a repetition of th) national Anthem. Madame Lucy Eicott, Misi Georgia Hodson, Mr. Squires, and Mr. Far- quharson were the leading vocalists on the oo cation. On Good Friday the members of tho Musioil Union, under the direction of Mr. Pringle, g*yi Mendelssohn's oratorio of "¡Elijah" at the Theatr j Boyal, to a donsely-orowded house, the vocalist! mentioned above taking part in Iho porformanoe, and the band and ehorus numbering nearly 30 J performers. That magnificent composition wat interpreted with a corrootness and effect whiob. were very gratifying, and which showed tin rapid strides which music is making iu this oity. A few weeks will witness the completion of a cpaeious music-hall, immediately adjoining th j Theatre Boyal, and whioh will supply a greaS «ant in this city. For readings, lectures, mono- logues, and concerts, tho new tmilding promise] to be eminently well adapted, and report says that it ia lo bo fitted up and embellished in a gyle of great splendour. Ono of the futura leisees, it is added, visits England by this mail for the purpose of engaging novelties. NATIVE OILS. That portion of the report of the jurors on Class 3, in the late Exhibition, which relates to essential oils, produced by distillation from the leaves and small branches of the eucalypti, and those of the genus melaleuca, is of much in- terest in many respects, and very considerable importance in a commercial point of view. The thirty-five specimens exhibited were furnished, with one exception, by Mr. Joseph Bosisto, of Richmond, and Mr. William Johnson, of St. Kilda, to whom were awarded first-class certi- ficates "for the superior excellence, novelty, and importance of their productions." It seems that little or nothing has hitherto been known of the properties of these oils; the only sample previously produced being one sent to the Victorian Exhibition of 1854, for transmission to Paris. This was distilled from the redgum by Mr. Bosisto. The method pursued in the ex traction of these oils is similar to that in common use for the like purposes. A quantity of the ma- terial to be operated upon is introduced with water into an ordinary still, to which a worm is adapted ; upon the application of heat, the vola- tile oil passes over and condenses with the aqueous vapour, and from the watery portion of the distillate is ultimately separated by mechanical means. The result is the production of a num ber of essential oils, having many very valuable properties and distinct characteristics. These are divided by the jurors into two classes-those capable of general application in the arts, and those likely to be found useful in medicine and perfumery; and these are separately considered in the report. In the first class are included nineteen varieties, not only, says the report on account of their properties, which fit them for the manufacture of varnishes and for illuminating purposes, but because the trees and shrubs from which they are derived are so widely distributed and obtainable in such quantities, as to render it probable that the oils can be produced at a cost enabling them to com- pete commercially with similar products of other countries. The tree first named as being the most productive of the series, is the Eucalyptus amygdalina, called also Tasmanian peppermint, and Dandenong bastard peppermint. This tree grows chiefly in the southern districts of Victoria, and is common in Tasmania. It occupies open and undulating forest land, and " is one of tho least valuable of the eucalypti, considered in re- ference to its timber." But its yield of oil is " astonishingly plentiful." One hundred pounds of the freshly-gathered leaves, inclusive of the small branchlets to which they are at- tached, give upwards of three pints imperial mea- sure. " The oil exists ready formed in the leaf, and the cells containing it may be seen in great numbers on examination by transmitted light." This oil is a thin transparent fluid, of a pale yellow colour, possessing a pungent odour like that of oil of lemon, but coarser and stronger. It is soluble in turpentine, both fat and drying oils, benzine, naphtha, ether, chloroform, and " absolute" alcohol. It will not take fire by con- tact with a flame, unless quite hot. Burned in a kerosene lamp, it gives a flame very nearly as luminous as that from the American kerosene. But one of the most valuable properties of this and the other oils obtained from the eucalyptus and the melaleuca is their solvent power. The Kaurie gum is a good sample to take for showing the value of these oils at solvents of resinous substances. It has always been regarded as a highly valuable gum, but as one whose commercial value is much lessened by the difficulty found in dissolving it. The larger proportion, we believe, of the Kaurie gum has hitherto been bought for the American market, because we have not dis- covered until now any paying means of utilising it. The Americans seem to have anticipated us in the discovery of some oil or spirit which will dissolve this valuable gum, and render it avail- able for varnishes, in which form it is much used in the finishing of the buggies we so largely import from them. The Eucalyptus oleosa (mal- lee scrub) furnishes an essential oil, which, in the opinion of the jurors, undoubtedly ranks first in importance amongst those submitted to them, be- cause greater facilities are offered for collecting its leaves than is the case with any other for- warded to the Exhibition. This shrub covers vast tracts of country, and is thickly clothed with leaves to the ground, while the plants grow so olosely together "as to form impene- trable masses of vegetation," so that " an ex- ceedingly large quantity of the leaves can be procured in a short space of time, without moving from one locality in search of them; and this supply, we learn, could be obtained from day to day, as required for distillation, almost; without limit. The Murray, in Victoria alone, is for about 270 miles of its course covered on its southern bank with mallee scrub. " Under con- ditions so favourable it is certain that the oil can be produced at a very inconsiderable cost." Burned in a kerosene lamp, this oil produces a " fine luminous flame," superior in colour to that emitted by the preceding oil, and totally devoid of smoke. The Eucalyptus sideroxylon (iron- bark) yields sixteen ounces seven drachms of oil to the 1001b. of leaves ; the Eucalyptus genio calyx (one of the white-gums), sixteen ounces ; and the Eucalyptus globulus (blue-gum), twelve and a half ounces. All these oils, with slight variations, possess the same solvent power as that first mentioned. Of the last named the jurors say :-" The essential oil from the blue-gum must be regarded as one of the most important of this series, on account of its solvent and illumi- nating properties, and also in consequence of the large demand for blue-gum timber, which occas- sions the felling of many trees of this kind, so that in some localities leaves of the E.globulus, which are utterly wasted at present, are to be had in great abundance. In a lamp it gives a dense white flame, superior to kerosene, without smoke or smell. It is worthy of remark, that it dissolves grass-tree resin perfectly, in which it differs ma- terially from E. amygdalina." Similar dotails are given as to the properties of the volatile and essential oils obtained from some twelve or fourteen other trees, one of which, the Melaleuca linarifolia, gave twenty-eight ounces from 1001b. of fresh branchlets and leaves. It may reasonably be anticipated that these oils are destined hereafter to play an important part in the commercial and industrial future of the colony. SPORTING. Sinoe our lost monthly summary the principal (porting event has been the second Autumn Meeting (that of the Victoria Turf Club), on th ) metropolitan ground. The Melbourne public o i, this occasion showed most unmistakably thei.' disinclination to patroniso BO largo an amount of racing as they were able to support and to euj'iy in former years, and although the prizes wen E maller than at former meetings, it is question- able whother tho V. T. O. would not have eui tainod a "heavy blow and great disoourarj ment," but that they were backed by a previously ? acquired balance at tboir bankers'. The prlnoipit weight-for-ago race was won by the ohampion of t ur turf. Mormon, by Premier ; and two other fccions ¡of the Premier stook, Ebor, three yean, nnd Musldora, two years, carried off respes- j tively the Melbourno Stakes (a race correspond- it g to the St Legor, boing an autumn race for i hree-year- olds), and the Nursery Handicap for l wo-year-olds-in the latter case tho winner gar) «way weight to nearly everything in the rao >. Several provincial towns havo also had their «nnual meetings, which have been more or len tuoccasful; and one day has been given to trotting ii niches on Melbourno courso, on wbieh oo r arion the Amorican oolonists mustered vatf strongly, and some very good sport, of the kind, ft as afforded. On tho 1st of May, theontriai «ill be taken for the Fifth Australian Champion S.akes.to be run at Geelong, on Wednesday, thi 1st Ootobor, and the entries for this event will probably include tho namcB of Bcveral of the be it horses in the neighbouring colonies. The term« »re a sweepstakes of 100 aova, cxvoh, with 59) added ; three miles ; wolght for age. SECOND ENCAMPMENT OF OUB VOLUN- TE EBd. It in now just one j car since tbo volunteers o' Melbourne, its suburbs, and Geelong c-ncampa 1 upon the Wen ibee Plain a (twenty miles from Mol bcumc, on tho Geelong Hillway line), for threj dajp ; and to successful was tho attempt to g'wi cur amnloar soldiers an insight-if DO moro-ini> life on tho tented field, and withal so attraotivo t > tbo publio did tho display prove, that it forthwith becamo a set led thing that in tho course of t'n ensuing year nnothsr enoarnprncnt should bo hold. Nor were these the solo incentives to action o t the part of thoso who regttlnto such affairs. Th:) owner of the Werribee PUins himself, Mr. Tbos. Chirnside, had been very earnest in ths matter, and guaranteed a fund of £1,000-half FtAfiCtibed by himself and half collected by him to servo as prize-money in riílí matches, nthleti) fpcrts, and oarjp race». With suoh a start, th i public dcfirou«, tbo Government favourable, an I the volunteers willinir, if not enthusiastically anxious, for tho revival of tho encamp- ment, it was no wonder that it shouli in tho oom-iO of tho twelvemonth bcoomi ?an fdt acompli, and otter delaying from Cluii'mns to Easter, to accommodate the All llugl.ud Eleven niatuhc.=), Wednesday, Apr 1 10, was fixed upon as the day on which tha tioopR i.hould commence the encampment for onn n-ei li. Tho camp itself had before that timo bcon lail rut, and tho tania pitched. The tenta wero erects I in rows, in a long parallelogram, each row iu roost oaaea representing a distinct corps, f ao ramp was Innrer than last year, .and compria'J 876 tents, exomsive of canteen arrangomenta-a fact owiug to tho present'« of loanv of the uo countrv corpi, whom the Victorian Bitilwaya en- abled to join ? ho ranks. E vjh tent was calculated ti hold about eight men. in the centre, outside tho culinary tents, wero the head-quarters, occupied l'y Col. W. A. D. Anderson, tho colon el-com mand- ant of our volunteera (in tho room of Major Pitt, J'.-ely ordered to Nmv ZmlaEil) and his staff, (J. ptains Hall and Pitt. On Wcduesday morn irg Colonel Andereon took possession, and at 'iireo p.m. iho snmo afternoon tho first train, full of volunteers, Btarted for tho Werribeo. OÍ courho tho nceno was gay enough, and tho mon ?? in number nbout ' 1,050-marchod into camp with b.mdsplaying,p,nd at onco commoncod their military duties. Picket gnirds wura arrangod, thoeveoing'gitn was fired, the rvoiiiog meal oatoa ut the canteen tonta (tho kc-epors of whom waro r-utlers niio), and thou the volunteers commenced to spend their evening. From this timo disasters in tbo camp bega t Tho weather looked threatiming even ns daylight waned, and a piercing sou'-westerly wind did ni S hrjprovO_ matters. At nbout half-past sevei p.m. rain bogan to fall, but this did no3 interfere with the gaiety of tho camp, for the maa v ere como to rough it, mid were not to be d't heartened at tridos. It hail ont; effect, however, and early horns were de rigueur. There wero bu -, fow persons about, and nil that could bo notice 1 was the increasing storm and ¡oosoniug tent-ropes, till at lnf.t it WHS plain that thorowa3 como danger that tho rents would give way. This was no do limon, for presently the timo carno. About tho firtt tent? to go wero ,ho«e at head-quarters, r.nd, without respect to military authority, all tbo r.ppurtonaucei and appliances at the brigade rffico nud in tho staff- eutcera' tenta wero scattered about, to bo hastily ctfircted and put in safety aj Eoon as possible. One of ¡ho cai,tcens next wont down with a fearful är.insb, and then similar accident succeeded each other with moat un- comfortable rapidity. Nor did tho volunteers* tents faro much botter. It is not too much to say that tho camp, at a wholo, was blown down, for thoro were not fifty volunteers who dwelt in tents with any shelter left against tbo storm. Somo wore sent to tho largo woolshed, donomi i.a-.ed for tho nonoo Fort Chirnside, which had been taken possession of tho lii^'bt before by Cap- tain East aud a detachment of aitillory-they forming the garrison ; but the building was only partially floored, and the accommodation waa of course very limited. Many tried hard to got their tentB up again,butnotnllsucceoded, Thotent-pegs had only been half driven in in the first place, and aftor tbey had been dragged out the holes were filled with water, and the ground was softened and unable to hold against tho forco of the guy-ropes. Thoso who did get thoir touts again ercoted had liow another misfortune to oncounter. Save in raro instances, tho very ordinary precaution off digging trenches for drainage had not been adop' ed, and the rain carno down in such quanti- ties that the Worriboo Plains wero ono shoot of v. alor, which nothing could keep out of tho tents. Tho only thing left for tho volunteers to do in clmost every instaneo waa to walk about, and wish for tho day. Thoro was no distinction ot persons in this matter, for f.-om tbo commanding colonel and Btaff officers down to tho most in- significant person in camp, ali had to suffer. Those from whoso accounts ive havo compiled the abevo foots tell woeful stories of tho suffer- ings of that dreadful night ; but their remark* bad this ooraponcating clement-thoy showed low manfully and oheorfully these mishaps wero borno, and how general tho feeling was that no one should givo in. When day broke on the camp tho spectacle waa sad indeed, so wet, tired, and misorablo did evcryouo feel and look. Bad as this state or things was, there was no fign of giving in. Several of the corps sent nord to the ojlonel that thoy were ready to stay, I ut the sutlers' tenta were down, and there was no means of feeding tho nssomblage, so Colonel Anderson determined to adopt a middle course. All who had no chango of clothes wore biddon to 1,0 home till Saturday, by which timo it ni hoped the weathor would chanco. Tho men cbeyed, and wont to town by rail in largo num- bera, but oven with miserably wet tents and a still pouring rain, nearly 700 volunteers atayod m camp on Thursday evening. Tho weathor slowly improved, and by Saturday night thoro w^rj 1,551 men encamped. On that day, too, the nile-matches wero commenced. The Sabbath dawned peacefully on the camp, and fair weather by this time had set in. At ton a.m. the bugles sounded for parado for Divino worship. Thrco services were held,-ono by the Bcv. Dr. Bromby (Episcopalian), another by tho Bcv. W. Heiidorson (Prcnby terian), himself a rifleman in the Ballarat oorps, who preached in uniform and Geneva gown and bauds; and a third by tho Bav. W. tí. Blnks (Wesleyan). The congregations wore large. In tho after- noon thoro waa a general parade, and as soon as night set in tho volunteers retired to rest, to rr aku ready for tho morrow, which was that of the sham fight. Calm and fair as could bo tho Monday morning broke, and tho camp was soon astir. Early parado was called to receivo His Ex rdlenoy the Governor and Major-Goneral Sir Thomas Pratt, who at onoo proceeded to a grand- stand erected in a conspicuous placo from whence, nil the operations could bo seen, and where some 10,000 visitors from Molbourno and the country wero also oougrpgated. The voluuteors were then divided into two armies ; ono consisting mostly of metropolitan riflemen, and the other ot up-country riflemen and a detachment of artillery and cavalry being added to both. A shara £ght commenced in this wise:-It was sup- posed that there was au army in ocoupation ct the southern bank of the Biver Werribee1, and among othor defences to thoir strong rosi tion they included a stone woolshed, whi J1 had been fortified by the volun'ecr engineers, rnd named for the nonce Fort Chirnside. This was on tho north sido of tho river, and cn tbe same sido was an army desirous oí driving the onomy horn their s'ronghold. For the purposo of distinction merely the attaokers vere called Northerners, and tho besieged South- erners. Tho fight was bogun by the approach of the Northerners to a ford, whioh wai defended by a breastwork for riflemen, a two gun battery, and. Fort Chirnside. Information of the approach waa promptly conveyed to Lioutenant-Colonel Bede, the Southern General, by his viduttes, and c very preparation was made. The northern bank cf the rivor was vory steep, and the Northornors could not bo seen by their enemy till thoy came to its edge. Their first appearanoo was the signal for a tremendous firo from the Southerners. The bed of tho rivor by tho ford was mostly dry, and round about by many clumps of bushoB and proBtrnte logs, behind nil of which riflemen were posted, The two-gun battery, roannod by a de- tachment of tho Naval Brigade, then opened fire, as did also Fort Chirnside; and a detach- ment of artillery, under Captain J. Sojtt, brought their gunatoaoommanding elevation, and joined in the cannonade. The battle now became intensely interesting. To drive back the South- erners from their breastwork the Northerners legan a tremendous answering fire from the northern bank, and thoir Bupcrioiity in numbjra toon drovo tho Southerners back. The latter disputed the ground inch by inch, but, ov«.r i.owcred by numbers, thoy retired slowly. Si admirably well was tho affair managed that, whilj tho troops engaged wero all in skirmishing order, tbcro was not a bit of confusion ; and so naturi! were tho evolutions excoutod, that, but jfor tha nbEenco of killed nud wounded, ono could ahnoj; bave ima-ined tho affair to bo real. At la3t, ii the fnco of the enemy's firo tho Northerns.-1 descended tho bank in column, tho mon crass'n,' tho river by moana of somo fallen trees, but th i m tillery manfully dragging their guns throuri l bo water at tho ford, and the cavalry passing th i samo way. The effect of this raattuivro ami! lho# wild seonery was most remark iblc. It w»> plain, howover, that tho two gnu battery mu-. f'o stormed, and a detachment of tho Naval Brigade and tbo Engineers started to perform that duty. Ouco thoy wero repulsed, but bef )ro ttey could renew their attack tbo Southern da fenders retired with their guns, and tho unbi jick was soon seen to fioit trom tho top of th» capturad giUons. Still tho Southerners wo lid ttt recede tu the Northerners prcesed forsaeL. To stay their pursuit, re-form, rand harass the. enemy with galling fire were their t»otjos,aad I hey were pursued in most admirable fashion. Fort Chirnside Beemed at one time almost sur- rounded by a sheet of fire, BO well was it manage I by its commander, Captain East. The evolution» were now many and. varied, the cavalry on each side were brought into play, and tho rapidity with which the riflemen-except the Castlemaine corps, which nearly made a mess of it-formed^ into rquareto reçoive cavalry, was most oreditable j to them. The Southerners next retired to three lunette entrenohments, named respeot- j ively the Pitt, the] Pasloy, and the Viotpna cntronohments. A hot fire was exchanged at ( this point for somo little time, when a Northern I officer, bearing a flag of truce, carne up, asking I Lieut.-Colonel Rede to surrender. A stout re- i fueal was the reply, and, after five minutes' truoe, the fight recommenced. Eventually the Southern ! men retired in good order, with their guns, and ¡ aassodoveraridgeintocampagain. The North frncrs, after blowing up Fort Pitt, with their enemy's own magazine of powder-a magnificent i fxploflion-followed Into oarop by the same route, i The whole affair was splondidly doma, and rofleoted Treat credit on Colonel Andcison, who com- manded the Northerners, and Oaptiin Soratchley, P.E., who, under him, commanded mo artillery find engineers. The principal Northern officers: Fngagcd were Licut.-Oolonels Crump and Moir, the commanders of battalion ; Lieut. iJolonel Ross, tho commander of tho ca- valry ; Captain Snee, of the artillery : Captain F. W. Bull, of the smnll-arms reserve o£ irtillory ; Lieutonant H, Smith and Lieutonant Claike of the Victorian Engineer«, and Captain Kaye »nd Lieutenant Payno of rho Naval Brigade. On the Southern side, besides tho commanders ßready named, wero Captain C. J. Carter, of the ¿taff, Captain J. R. Soo» of tho Cavalry, Cap- tain Wilkie of tho Mounted Riflea, Major Wal- lace and Captain Bull commanders of battalion, Lieutenant Fullarton and Lieutenant M'Farlane hi the Naval Brigade, and Captain Scott of the Artillery. The day's proceedingB ended with the parado of the troops at the departuro of tho Go- vernor, . The following were tho troops engoged m tha ,bove affair : g.5 Itali. »"aval Briparle. Cavalry Brigade. >t or Koyal V. V. Cavalry . iloltojurne Mounted Rifles. vyneton Mounted Blflea . ¡..échus Marah Mtd. lillies, ¡oolong Mounted Rifle« . JastlemaineLI ghtDragoons. .oyal V. V. Artillery olunteer Engineers.. ÎToith Battalion of Rifle«. tntrldge . .rlton. .a'ret Melbourne ,. sat Collingwood .. illlngwood. .'urth Melbourno tv ilhamstown. fitzroy.. ¡louth Battalion of Bifles. t St. Kilda. . ahran and S. Yarra mould Hill. ?.afhoumePropor .. i'ghton . i d St. Kfui. awtborn and Kow ,. ichmontl . .«elorg nillo Oorps .. ¡»Untat Billa Carpa .. Mtlomalne Milo Corps i ntlhurst Bille Oorps «¡tryborough Bids- Corps 80 307 IOS 41 81 95 61 GO 87 19 53 56 72 48 33 43 42 165 112 103 07 total Joined tho ranl.a after returns were given In 100 The next day was the last of the encampment; i was ocoupied by camp races, athletic sports, md tha conclusion of the rifle matchee. The two former were of mere local interest, but the latter ic worth notice. There werethree matches. Tho ! rat consisted of shooting at 200, 500, and G00 nrds' ranges. Mr. Cockran, of Castlemaine, and .dr. Martin, of Bendigo, took tha two first prizei ?A "20 and £10. The three first prizea, £40, £30, nd £20, at 500 yards', were taken by Mr. Gar- ble, of Prahran and South Yarra ; Mr. Wood, f Bendigo ; and Mr. Hutton, of Geelong. Tha i ? ur first prizes at COO yards', £40, £30, £20, and ' 10, wera won by Mr. Douglas, of Carlton; Mr. Reid, of Bacchus Marsh ; Mr. Armstrong, of the Artillery; and Mr. Kellow. oE Emerald Hill. rho match at 700, 800, and 900 yards* was par I »ps the most interesting, for there wero_ only -x ty picked competitors. The principal prize, a .' .00 cup, was won by Sergeant Z. W. Carlisle, of Castlemaine, who scored a total of twenty-four I oints, Sergeant Douglass, of Carlton, and ,' i ii ate Wright, of Fitzroy, both making twenty tliieo points each. There was also an "all i outers" match, the beat prizes in which-a £50 t up and £15, £25, £15, and £7 10a.-wore won by MesBrs. Paton, Kelson, J. B. Wilson, and Wood. On Wednesday (ho tents were struck, and I tfoto night there was but little to tell of what I ad been, save the remains of tho canteens, the ir arks of the tent pegs, and the used cartridge I opera. COMMERCIAL. The mail steamship Madras arrived in Hob ion's Bay on the morning of Thursday, the 17th instant, and tho bulk of the mails was delivered In the course of the afternoon. The increasing demands of the India and China service havo induced the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company to withdraw the mora powerful steamers from the Australian line, and to replace them with some of their smaller vos- éela. The Madras is favourably known on this station, having always, under the former con- tract, performed her allotted work regularly and satisfactorily; but the Australian colonies will have good grounds of complaint, if Iho substi- tution of vessels of inferior power for those whioh havo hitherto convoyed the mails lead to irregu- larity in their delivery, and to the occasional loss of a course of poBt. The advices received by the Madras .were to tho 20th February direct, and to the 4th March by elootrio telegraph. They aro considered generally favourable to the commercial interests i.f the colonies. Tho intelligence of the low rates ruling for money, and of the marked improve- ment shown in tho amount and oharaoter of the shipments advised, was not slow in exercising a salutary effect, and imparting a firmer tone to the Australian markets. On the Saturday follow- ing the delivery of the mail a spéculative foaling was manifest, whioh did not, however, result In any very large transactions. Holders wera dis- posed to stand by tho market, and the spécula- tive inquiries which were mado contributed to the tuttenance of this feeling. The revenue statements for the year and quarter ending on the 31st March have been published in the OaztUe. They show a consider- able falling off in the general revonues of the eclony, moro particularly in tho Customs and the Crown Lands departments. Very oonsiderable diminution has taken place in the consumption of dutiable artioles and luxuries by the great mass of the population. Owing to the scarcity of water, tho gold mines have not yielded a weekly averago quantity in proportion to that of the past twelve months. It must also be borne in mini that some 23,000 miners and others have emi- grated to the New Zealand gold-fields, of whom only somo 7,000 have returned to this colony up to the present time. The unsettled state of tha land question has brought the revenues derive! from the alienation of Crown property to tha lowest point. The falling off in both thoa 3 sources will be but of a temporary nature. Already the stream of migration has turned once mora towarda this colony, while the passage of tha Land Bill through tile Lower House of the Legis- lature has given tho owners and holders of lande i property additional security whioh will not be without Its effeot on the land revenues during tha remainder of the year. Comparing tho firs, quarter of 1862 with tho first quarter of its pre- decessor, we find a net deoreaso of £148,007 ; the total revenue for tho earlier period having been £764,555, and for tho latter £615,888. Tha total revenue for the year ended tho 31st Marok was £2,850,854, against £3,136,696 for the year ended the 31st March, 1861, showing a not de- crease of £279,841, Wo omit fraotions in all casca. Taking the items for the quarter separately, we find a deoreaso in the Customs revenue ot £46,963. This decrease is spread over the source! of revenue generally,with the exception of sugar, whioh yielded an increeso of £5,855, and opium, from whioh article an increase of £271 wai obtained. Tbo sums received from the artioloi on which taxes have been imposed during tha current year are also inoluded iu the items of increase. Wo find a falling off in the spirit duties of £25,683 ; wines, £5,207 ; beer and cider, £484 ; tobacco, £11,364 ; cigars, £6,408 . tea, £9,743 ; coffee, £502. In the Exoise depart-' ment thero was a small increase-£105,' In tha territorial revenues tho net deorcase amounted t > £114,253, mado up of the following items: - Prooeeds of the sales of Crown lands, £70,658 ; assessment and occupation licences, £24,255 .' export duly on gold, £4,913; miners' lighti, £1,835; business licences, £2,985; leases oE auriferous lands, £606. In the income from Public Works thero was an ¡ncreaso of £20,417 - name'y, from railway«, £19,449; fioui olaotria tela?graphs, £997. In Iho Poilu ..rd y'Ç department thero was a net incrreie of ii oj,'' snd in tho Post-offico a docrrare ot i(A i' the fees of comt the itcmB aro evenly b.,'l,* , Fines and forfeitures Euffired diminuí "! e' £498. The miscellaneous i'eme trow _ ? 7 off of £7,450-namely, in Chinero ralrs of jï ii? Jabour of prisoners of £1,137, fait of Qovm,"! properryfof £8S.7, othor receipt!, of £290] TÏ itime of increase under thia head an.',J fcrtant. ". u",^. Comparing the returns for tho ycorp, w e fin i ii Customs revenue for tho earlier period am,,'. Î to £1,198,095. against Jtl,102,fi'¡9 for ft td adhibiting a falling off of i.% 550 ; suB.r. ' ?.bowing an increase of £24Ö'J0. Ti,»,,?"1 itims of inorease in this department arc m«d_ of the new duties. The items of decrease r '" venues wero £88,070 for tho einher 'm., . sgainat £88,037 for tho later j ,|)0 »''=?. items showing little or no fluctuation cf ¡ Tortancc. In the territorial revenues II v as a total deoreaso oE £293,542, _»"'" ,c,a picceeds oE sales oE Crown Inuds, £251 ;iT asiessmeut and occupation licences «in' export duty on gold, £25,454; mini'rt/",; X, £9,487; business licencoa, ±3,838. In », , . paitmont of Public WorliB, there was an inn» in the incomo derived from raihnvs of m in and in that from telegraphs of "£2 013 i h Poits and Harbours revenues aro very HI balanced for both periods. The tame iiirwV it will bo Been, apphcB to fees of court .» ii linca and forfeitures. In the Post-effice''u ?was nn inorease of £2,410. Ui dir the liri ( miscellanoouB, we find ii netincrutse of íS'rá Subjoined is a statement thowirg tbo loiurv quantities for both years and quarters cn, ,,"'' fractious:- > <-" ' aing I.-CUSTOMS. Import Duties On Spirita Wino.. Beer .. Tobacco .. Cigars Tea .. Sugar CofTeo Opium I'loo .. Dried frulta.. Hop».. Halt .. Eboct weah to- bacco Bcglatntlon fcfs.. Total Custcms.. II.-FXCISE. Bplilts diitlllcd ir Victoria.. Publicane' llccncea Spirit merchants' do. Auctioneers' do... Brewers' no. All othor liconcca Total excise .. HI.-ÎERtllTO JUAL. Frccocr) s ot B»1O of Crown ianda .. Assessment and occupation .sport duty on gold .. Minors' rights .. BusmCbsllLcnces., leases of aurifer- ous lands, Total tcnitorial IV.-INCOME PROS: Punna Vi onus. Ballway Income.. Electric Telegraph Total Income from public works V. - PORTS AND HARBOURS. Tonrsgo .. Pllotauo (at out ports) ,. VI.-POBTAOR . VIII.-KKES. Supremo Court .. General Sessions« County Co urta rtuitsoflllnoa Courts ot Petty Sessions All other fees Total fees VIII.-FlNPS AMD FORYBITUIIBB. Supreme Court General and County Courts Couria of Potty Sessions All othor fines and forfeitures Total Anea and forfeitures .. IX.-MlBCKMiAtil!. ODB. Cblncso ratea Bents, exeluaivoot land lax on hank note' Government prk* yuartor enduig Year end % 81st Har, 1801. 152,242 13,f70 11.6E0 38,267 8,t7l 87,806 28,561 8,836 4,073 715 1,094 10,300 2,000 704 1,686 17,209 200,159 16,353 57,695 8, COI 0,170 310,586 34,502 5,073 40,285 Pi tor Labour of otu Ms .. Storago of gun powder Sale of Govern- ment property.. All other rieoipta. Totalrovenuo.. Kel decrean - On tho quarter., On titi' car .. 4,021 4,670 27,058 8,610, 5,28 20: 1,6£9 1,356 SCS 31 t Mar, 1862. Slit Var, 1801. 12G,6'0 ej4,018 8,35!; 4B,!6( n.iro SP.O.XI 2 102 io 162 34,400 3 S3' 4,84! 14 671 \- 4,286| 251.C05 0.85S 3,881-1 776 1,101 17,400 1Í0.60I 82,007 Gr.OSl 6,850 0,161 2,011 ;2C,3ä3 63,71 e,tt«i 60,052 6,85; 6,8D6| 27,301 '0 574 156,lt( 25,611 110,(0, 103,111! 17,418 lt\14b 2.161 68,144 1,18 18.231 68.C70 810,351 278,1« 207,736 41,715 20,016 1,4!1,84S 1 ,680 18,272! 51 18,820 i7',i J «.lil 5 UBS 1 VÎ5 inn« lOnfj ! olOl bill 15 H II eil li (.355 11,1'sli) 6 ,MI I','« 4,7!) m 12«) IT» ÍKSH 277C35 SIS 81 W5 W.Wi I,U7iM IBIS« 2ÍW 110,606 112,81 6,388 28,403 1,816 5,441 171| £83 2,6781 31,678 4,176 15,701 18,670 l.tOs 148,667 1,151 857 1,621 216 894 668 6,430 131)1 25,7« SKI 11.411 7.T1Í 7,Jf0 11,530 2,444 5,407 6.313 816 6,7i! 8,771 1,311 ll,25l| 81858: I"'!' öie.8Sf|3,136,G0e[2,S60,SJl 2,860,651 BPSOIAt, FOHDB. Policorowardfund Penal establish mont fund Tolls fund TruBt fund Folleo hospital fund 2,845 28,804 10.C89 1,267 4 22 824 6,014 6,072 84 114,026 10,753 0,811 71 105.S61 26,6« We have already stated that tho yield of g«'d J-as been very low of late. Tho unseasonaNj Heather has told with severe effect on the pro- duction of the gold-fields. For three monthi ending on Saturday, tho total quantity sent dora bas been 376,130oz. Tho total for the corni rending period of 1861 amounted to 458,439«. During the earlier period the miners had pun liful supplies of water, while during the la'er there has scarcely been a shower, Tho raini ot lait week were, however, general and abundant, icd have doubtless led to a resumption of wasnu; in all localities where th¡B process had been loeg relayed. The escorts may be expected to ¡nore«'» weekly as tho season advances, and as all awl »bl© lnbour is drafted off to tho watcr-connM. In the following tablo tho eecoit returns for lu week are given side by side with those of tua corresponding week of last year, together ffit» the totals for both years up to date : Castlemaine .. Enndhurst Maryborough .. Avoca ., Talbot (Back Creek) . Ballarat .. Baglan (¡fiery Oreos), Ararat. Stawell (Pleasant Crk.) fnoythoedalo .. linton'» .. Ela ck wood Wconambol Eirkly .. Tt tala for tho weeks Tievlous escorts T/Ula for the year» 1SC2. cr., divt. G 478 0 4,27« 0 434 0 770 10 607 10 7 0C7 0 753 0 7ÍD 0 1,810 10 2,243 10 1,006 0 801 0 603 10 8£2 0 20.960 10 447,058 10 474,604 0 1861. es ¡i»'. 4 431 0 6,761 0 470 0 10 02110 1.281 <> 26781" 9M 0 613 V) 1,123 W 82210 1,691 0 29,911 10 545,004 W 675,035 0 She caoorts from Castlemaine, Facdhnrat, Harf Idough, Talbot, and Ballarat aro weekly; otter« avery alternate week. .- difficulty -"- ....- , ,,, end the American Republic. Tho banks narj» leen buying at tho rate of £3 14s. l»r ' conco for standard, at which local pnoe« ¿»jr . te quoted nt-Omeo, Upper Yann, Baw Creek, £3 9s. 9d. to .C3 11s. da., : Dandc tong, Jamieson., and Big River, *»,!«. w Í3 14s. 9d.; Castlemaine, Bendigo, and MOUD; tain Creek, £3 16s. to £3 16s. 3d. ; Crookeä Uiver, Boggy Creek, Caledonia, and_ Anderson * Creek, £3 16s. 9d.j Maryborough. DuDollf, / voca^ and Raglan, £317s. 3d. to £3 l8». 3d . Crtswlok and Brown's, £316s. 6d. to £318!. 3d., Ballarat and Ovens, £3 19s. 3d. The costT Irr rd ship at this rate may be quoted at *; IPs. Cd. for standard gold, including the expw duty of 2a. Gd. per ounco ~Tn Ihe Winning table, the quantities brou-» into Melbourne weekly by the escorta from *u ih«i (tola-fields »re given, separately for thri T!r.ths ending the 18th inst. In the lar. Ä'^ll be* found the totals Tor the oo.-, retponding weeks of 1861:-_^ 1041 2881 3804 £434 2871 S49S 6908 3497 417S S8S4 [4634 I3Í43 5478 4,721 8,401 6.8S0 4,920 4,417 3.015 2.670 0,820 4,853 4,562 4,190 8,872 4,270 76S ¡1387 £02 -15S0 SS6 720 43611212 186 667 107Î 1353 4841 679 S89.1S14 aoj.istiuout 434 607 - Old« n i 280 142 499 677 1 1S52I 1112 1 1616 : 994 . 835 ; 11810 t The following is a list of tho gold ships whioh have sailed from the Fort of Melbourne since tha commencement of the year : Cato of Fulling. Ounces. Jan. 7 Ft'fj. Alfred Giant's Causeway Ran sátira.. Dtlcíutha .. .. Yorkshire.. SO Omer Pasha 21 Rangal Ira.. 26 Northam .. 28 Kll¿. á.un Brljht.. 29 lîroat Britain 80Cofenhagon 80 Rangatlra.. 8 Prince of Wales.. 8 rfin.alir».. 17 (ruc B.iton 21 Latona 2) Oraren .. 26lUKgatlr&.. 2i Dunald U'Kay .. SSoriollt .. 32 Miry Ann Wilson 13 V/iogi Wonga ., lDI-gincourt.. 36 VVft cr Nynvh .. 2fi Norllnni 27 ¿pril 1 '.¡over Cutio Hilo a .. Jupiter Wi.-lk .. ..If'oTiioia .. li Katy Scott If litar» Polo (london .. London .. Sydney .. Sydney .. . London .. London.. . 8ydooy .. Point do dallo. London .. Liverpool London.. Sydney .. Lou ion .. liney .. Loiidin .. Lond'tn .. Point do Calle. Sidney .. Liver jrol don .. Hong Kong . Sydney .. LTJ'lon .. iiidon .. Galio .. Loudon .. 1eng Kong . Jung Konj London .. Lindon .. Wanilla .. ivsrpool Lindon .. 26,893 12,282 21,071 1,633 12,89} , 20.817 8,295 ' 60,881 I 8,072 60,743 I 7,101 ! 9 77/" 8,173 82,29) 7,40) , 49,801 10,637 I 18,671 ' 32,49' 10.711 ' 3,19) j 81.82) 48, IO J ! 46.05) . 40,141 2,231 ! 6,2)) 85 637 I 12,975 I 121 10,855 27,93) The money market has boen decidedly easi 3 - in tono dining tho month. The passage of th i Land Bill through tho House of Assembly hi: conduced to this, as have also the English odviea i of tho lo A' rates of discount and of too diminish- ing Bhipmentn to australian ports. ïho succès I attending tho pl.icing of tho last batch of th > Viotoriin Rail« ay debentures on tho Engliii market has «¡un general satisfaction. It ii undcrst ood that a further portion of the millio i sterling of this stock, reserved for issu i in the colony will shortly bo in tho market. Tna limited amount of a eck a.-ailablo for the invest- ment of ti ust and other funds will cause thesi tecurities to go off rapidly, at full rates. Th i urice btandi Bteadily at 104 to 10'lrJ for April an I October. Tho rules of exchange and discount lave not undergone any channe in this market. It is doubted n he thor the high rates of intoror, ruling in M elliourno era be maintained, in the foo > of the gem ral improvement whioh is taking plao) in our securities. Tho banks buy bills on Englan I »t par, and sell at 1 per cent, premium fo: Mxly days' sight, 2 per cent, premium for thirty d*y,' sight, and 2j per cont. for small sunn nt Eight. The îatu charged by the Peninsular and Oriental Company for the transmission of cold and bullion from Melbourne to the Bank of England is 1:¡ per cent., including ordinary in furanoe, but not the war risk. The Oriental Bank Corporation chargos for thirty days' ex- change-On Bombay, Calcutta, Madras, 2s. Id. per rupee ; China, o'. Id. per dollnr ; Ceylon, 8 j fer cent, premium; Mauritiui, 4s. 2d, per dollar ; SinEaporo, 4<. lid. per do'lar. Bank rates of cUicount stand at- Kor two mouths', 8 per cent. ; lor three months', 9 per cent. ; for four months', 10por cent. Iutcrest is allowed on time deposit) at tho following rates :-For deposits at thirty ?Jays' notice, from li to 2 per cent, pe: annum ; at three months' notice, from 2 ti 2} por cent, ) at six months' notice, from 41 > h per cent. The Bank returns, so far as they or) rmbliahed, do not indicate any changes ii 'bo material wealth of the colonists. Tdj iolloaiug general abstract, showing the avo lago amount of the liabilities and assets oí iho Bank of Victoria, within the colony of Vi J ? loria, taken from tho sevoral weekly stat) raents during the quarter, from tho 1st of Janua ./ io the 3lst of March, has been published i i »ho GuzUtc :-Inabilities.-Notes in circuit tion not bearing interest, £312,351; billi in circulation not bearing interest, £10,337 10B. 9d. ; balances duo to other banks, £36,63 ) Is. j deposits not bearing interest, JE819.9U lis. ¡ depobi s boating interest, £472,925. Tot ti unount of liabilities, £1,652,095 2s. 9d. Asset i. 7Coiu«d sold and silver and other coined metal i, «.005,405 17s.; gold nnd Bllvor in bullion o 1 ars £108,020 9i. 7d. ; landed property, £99,91¡* '" "'' - notes and bills of other banks, £12,08 3 Os. 9d. ?i'.,AJ'X balances due from other bank], .155.300 12J. 6J. ; amount of all debts due to th) rank, including notes, bills of exohsnge, and all itoek and funded debts of every description, ixceptmg notes, bills, and balances due to th) laid bank from other banks, £1,508,88019s. 91. Total amount of assets, £2,0S9,613 17s. 101. Capital Account-Amount of tho cnpital st)o'e paid up at this date, £500,000; rate of tho last dividend doclarcd to the shareholders, ten par ''I1' i »mount ot tho last dividond doclare I, A*o,Wi0; amount of the reserved proli s of tar declaring such dividond, £92,500. The returns of the Oriental Bank Corporation haye also been gazetted. Tho totals were :-Li t . mMoTio ^-aT circu,at',°n not bearing interés :, ? J ' . í"\8i1': Di"s iu circulation not beana/ »tercst, £8,330 17s. lOd. ; balances due to otlwr banks, £12,223 16s. Od.; deposits not beana? in mest, £222,271. 13s. 2). ; deports beana* rv-iM1' ^l1'577 2s- 10,i- Totol »mount ol »abilities, £88o,53l 3s. Asse!s.-Ooined gold ni I «dyer, and other coined metals, £165,427 4s. lid.; sold and silver in bullion or bars, £124,725 9i. W. J landed property, £40,000 ; notes and bilU « other banks, £9,352 15s. 6d. ; bolanou T iromother bank«. £31,649 4i. 7d. ; amou it or ali debtB duo to the biuk, inoluding notei, oihs of exchange, and all Btock and funded debil oievc ry description, excepting notes, bills, ant Î7H?rQHïntotÎ0u*id bank from other banki. ll-D'or-r1^*- ,?'J*- Total nmount of «.sot!, ^-..i' . I"' 9 ',<"ul Account.-Amount of th i t-apital stock paid up to this date, £1.260,O0J ; r'r,n oIi5t divln°nd declared to the sharj i»« t'*' Ua p2r oeDt- uor annum, and u bonus of inlll w.Dt¿ «íourteen per cent per annum ; «Si °! !?° lMt d'vi-'ond declared, £88,200 ZH -f tJho.i?,orved PTfi'*> .'.fer deolariur such dividend, £252,000. ,, Messrs. Baillie and Butters report of the stoo't »BU «hare market during the month:- V ll>".St1«v.thí<1íp'-r'aro ot th0" '«st mjU for BogHnl, fir in*. »rtl" nKr!r.,,t b-.» hero mora «otlve tha i 'trio.o momhi preilouilyv»nd notfhnstanlia» tho rutea hf'iisjs, il.« turmn» of 1 it 'r, »s done la t wral. was fully iqaal t« ike i ivrrirn. The denian I for til dividend- laying atoe', la- bio larpc ¡-ntl well mot, nitkout undergoing much fluctuât cn in prices. Til« Meek and undertaking of the Milton'> » tr.d Suburban leilwoj Company having bein to'rl 1.1 the sum of £47,600 (about sufllcioat to liquídalo ile compromised claims of the uniocured créditera), ki.* caused a coa lidentlerko in the value of that company's bond«. I ait week, several parcela ef «tren per cents, wore iola at par, ex Interest, and tho quantity In tho natket la so insignificant that they are more likely io advance than to recede By Iho act Inoor poiatlng the purchaser« as the Molbourno Ball aaay Company, they aro comtel'cd lo Rive mortgages ever tbo line and plant In exebnr go ft r the existing borda, which makes tho security mu xccptionabla to i ho holden, and c qual to any In thr.iTj-rl.ot. Sales havo tren mado during the past foti vin) 3 of coven per anti, at £86 to £100, and tes pircarla at from £90 lo £110, cloilng firm, aid In faire1'-' uri at maximum Î.rices. V'ctetU Government Six j cr C< nt Debentures itvo been largely dealt In el tr.o utercmyped prioo cf £1C4}. exclusivo of accrned Inltrcit- a higher prico than that quoted in tho london irarkot for the «arno ricnrltles Severa! parecía of rolling weed Gas Oom« jiny'a Elieht per Cent. Dobontuics havo been taken at rar, at which the «mall anoourt the company havo lisued will probably be absorbed for paimanontlnvett cent. Tho Molbourno Oomnanj 'H teven per cents, aro iel dom offered for salo, and r rices remain steady at £104 to £105. A lot of Melbourne Corporation a!x Íer cents, are efiercd this weolr, and will Uko y c taken for remittance, as the t'omni.d for this object greatly oxcetids tho atipp'y, 0 hero oro no Hobaon's Cay Ballway nor St Kilda. n> d Brighten Hallway «even per cent». In tho market st rrerom.. The kupply of Heney for mortgage is nil» dtttil ; but thia descriitk n of stonrity continues voiy loaico, t> pccially tbcio rf a Hi at- class cburactor, with narpi« ma-gin, and for which low ratea would 10 accop'.ed. " Bank steeko bave been freely dealt In, and pilo's lavo not underginnie tick ohaugo. In our Itsue of the i5ih nit, we nottd 11 dedil e In the value of Coloul 1 Pink. Since that time they haio txmiwh&t; rallied, tales having buen mado a'- £0 4s nnd £0 6a. for cou lit «able parcel] ; but the quaultj efleicd btlngmo-o than met the demand, .1 sight reaction haB talton I lace, and lollua find some d fllculty in realising at err quotallcna. national Bank havo been steady at £8 10s ; more buj era than sellera. Bank of Victoria aie ratkor lnwor, lui- s baring been effected at £83 to £f 4 Holdup, however, arc more firm, and aek for a ti ght advance which baa not been corceded. Bank el Hi» South Wah a aro in dtnmnd here, EB well ai In 1er don and Bj di ey, but nene ort t Roi co. This stock han advanced ncio In public favour tlvrlrg the patt iwo months ll.nn any othor li iho mnrkot, tho prices living lUcn from £34 to £38, at which lhere aro no itlkiB "In roi!way rhsrer, enly a Halted buslncas hes I cn dor.e in Hobson"« Baj. rt a alight advance em pevliua qnotalion», our eales bsirg £48, £48 10], >td £49. Iho Biarcity of stock will probahlj force 1'eilerraten inafow days. St. Kilda and Brighton vi uld find bnvcrs it low rate«, in anticipation of a Milking arrangement with tho liclboumo and bub nrlon Con pony, v.likh is expected to be more favour ah'olhan the existing one with tho Molbourno and Helton's Eay Comptr.y. " Ir surar.co «baie s, with one excepti' n, havo unde fete no charge, clthough tko biisinera cf all Bhowa rmildernblo prcgicis, which must thortly ord In Hillier prices beirg obtained. AualralaBlnn oro in nmtrdat 41s, at vbkh conelUerablo parcela hav« atinfidliuids, being an advnncoof 81. p-r »karo m iho late rdvlsid bj hut Enreluh mail Ihotondenoy it s 111 up7 ard and buyen i" ixcesn of reliera. Co'o nial have bt-in »'Id in ircell lois r.t 17a Od., ar.d v enid bo takon In qnnntity at lanío rate. Molbourno no len fortunato I.i their hu>ii,csa than elster inatitu i'ci», but altktughtadly supported, they havontal't lalred ntc-dy pticcr and may bo cxpeotrd to »lint ru Improvement Victoria Lie mid Geneial aro inrxer, »ed i.tnttd at 3?a 6J. : lollcia noaol islly ask 26t Victciiv i'tro snd M»rlno fur tho firtt time in the a'r.plstf that Inetitutlcn, will ikovn los« on the jevi'a l.urircrh at tho mtotlng to li teld cn tho f8th ins'nr.t. ïlicre are no teDcra, ht w ever, under £6f, and ah the mjjrltj c1 tharaholdor« ii this tenir.»'? MO well ah e to «nil more fav>urab 0 utulte, it la m.'lkely lower prices will bo recoidod " lu tua .hsrrf onlr a mcdcia'c an ount of bus iiesi Lu bctn rlcre, iii«! rrices hat o gin r illy bcon stoady fclliigwool tnd FI'¡l'oy havo bren tuld by UB at ¿5 rrd ¡£51». Mdbourneat £4 for £5 sharer., ard £8 fir ¡ËlOtborc« Oeelorg at £3 Ks Ballarat would tiwi mero buy i ri than pollero at out quotations, £010» . £7. Eci i'iso co. tinuo cores, find higher prices ara aikid, t n Um ino aro nore freda cllored, but njt cn kwci terms, nllrrsrsEMng £3 10s. " 01 the ral-ccilancous stocks In our list, only or o or lv.o arc nu ntioror) la butlnrsa In Bendigo watf r verta bu; cr-hive been numerous at 18s., but toiler rcini diapur ii to held for helier iatcs, which thi Im- proved iiti ppecti of Iho company would Ecom to war laut Frcvidmt In t<tutoaru still In demur.d at llr,, 1.0 lellcti'. Studley ¡"ark Bridge ¡tie wanted at 2s. (JJ , aid wellIcli. & one of tho olh'is aro dccciviugef icte, as tiny »te rattly, If iver, cenltin. "ilmbk- thurra attract k-as t-nd lora attention (nour irarttt, the object lo view by moht holders being how 11 ey con icslis.i on tho ino» favourable torms, and ifccio v.bo arc cloned out of scch ventuies to keep BO. itvtial corrpr.i lea havo bom idlo for months, waltiii^ 1er o supilj cf v a.cr to cuablo tbcm to continuo OL.O »tiona. Ituhtivj tains cf lar v.cili «111 confer on til m r.n incat'.oa'tlo btmflt, atr< main lally Improve tho futuro C5-ort return-, CBp'ci'Ily thoso from 11c Icn^l^o r.nl rr.'t'cmalno dlstrlc-? /jax reiumi crushing tbiu wcoh aftei a-ctr puse/o of i.enrly thr«» ii mt h?, with very flattoilng proapec'a before thom: > alt » last vi c ok ni i. 5 per phiro Bec':.ive cntiuuo ti ln.| rcvo In thtlr returns undor the tribute aysleía, ii c an carty i.ivldoid IB cxrcctid; salía reported .ti '. Cr. il.o t uncí Company li vl'ig oer-scd Blnkiug, anti ditcimiucd tu break out ctono at tho prucnt low«. Hv<), lia-ier'a'oi a dv-nisid for thtlr thtr»s, lilghar rrlcic hi.ii teen piid, and holder« aro now generally illiptted to wm for furthir iiifoimation : sa.<. Í?421CD, LHi, r.-d £2f.O. Tho Victoria Company tLli.rtf)ic>urnid «oilt lait wcelr, after a leng coll/ ii nee log additional crushixg phnt, vilh it rcsu't if CBStz (.rhi fr. m 320 tons of stone : las*, s-do to jcilrd was iiCOf-r one r-ba-o Hti't'o-'f, Johns-ut'i, i id Ilircott'tc «'0 iccotlonall) dir.lt in at low pricoi »rd in st. »¡1 [rireilj. Eageh.wh Union, Kew Chun, in d Bi' ¿y Creilc l'ovoity lleef, aro rojortul aa piv uiiiDg, and their ah-.rea con raand buyers at our rju> tatlcua. St A-nu. Uritcd havo improvíd nl-.U riccit btavy mina a'-dhlgh-r prices will probably bo (îlcbll.htd when nulling a ri"-un ed Nothing if inpcrtanc- bus t nnapirul in rcg^rd to otlien, tho j rice» h mer-t c-s«ri, lu-iiir li'Uil' al " Tho following is a statement oi the trafilo returns of all the- railway lines in rpeistion ii Victoria for Iho i"onth of Maid), with tin exception of the E'-bCndon, tho returns of which lavo not yet been published periodically : Cov eminent Liner Ktlbourno Jud Hob ton's Eny lielbouruo and ijub urban Bt. Kilda and Brigh- ton 3760 K11 2011 4 7 1CE010 1 Total Ó 0 6032 11 8 2011 i 7 8 0 2 10S0 S 3 Tho Government, lines will now yield a very ci nciderablo advniee on former returns. Tho Ballarat lino is o\ ened for traffic throughout, and the Melbourne and Murray Uiver Jjino is opened le-day to Kyneton, a distance of fift}-one miles ium the moiropolis. Tho Melbourne and Subuiban Railway ha-j pstFed entirely into other hands. Messrs. Hugh OIPSS, W. J. Clarke, Patrick Higgins, Alexander Jctko, - rikon, and Robert Caldwell, having licorne tho pnribl'sers lor tho sum of £47,500 - it is enid on Lebal; of otic of our banking institu- tions. The pro pectfl of the now company, which (ly tho ret of Iho Legislature under which tho cid cempany was disposed of) is designated tho " Melbourne Railway Company," aro promising. Tho bondholders aro insured of a valuablo fccurity by tho couveificn of the bonds of tho Mtlbour«o end Suburban Railway Cempany into mortguges over tho entire property-land, tia'ions, ¡.nd rolling-stock of tho rew company. The accrued intorest has already leen paid, and the bonds now stand at above par for ten per con'.., «hilo Ihe teven por cent, do henturorj are saleable at par. The ton por coat, debentures have only three years and a-half to run, which accounts foi- the trilling advance at vhich they stand with reference to the Beven per cent, debe-ntures, which havo from tight to four- teen years to run. The bulk of these, nmounting io about £76,000, are in tho hands of ono Arm in London, whoso branch houso in this place havo bctn active in bringing about a satisfactory settle- ment of the affair!, of tho old company. Arrango rr.entB hairo, wo believe, been already mado with i l.o Brighton Company to work this line from tho let proximo. The Customs returns for tho past week givo the imports at tho port of Melbourne at Iho declared value of £121,942, and the ex roits at £213,524, the balance being in favour of the latter to the bum tf £91,582. In the following labio the imports and exports are given weekly for the current year, Bido by side with the corresponding periods of 1861, to- gether with tho totals up to date : Week (rding. 1802. Exports. if » 8 Kirch 1 " 20 Atril 6 180,1«) 801,1'7 18Ï.UD 1CB.471 1:27,706 107,103 S2I/.11 177,112 HI,CIO SdP.f.'.O ï4!.(Ti2 ÏMflfll 824,004 . lOO.f'M 81847 2C0.181 £ 343,220 411,270 187,br'o 206,860 476.8 H 171.705 107,502 S'0l>59 2I0.U10 1115,032 8.i,fll2 Î17,W8 1108,041 S 30 220 213,760 1'.',0Í2 & 04,168 287,78« 3.IC7S53 |i,M8,006 126,005 221,122 800,781 209,223 120,281 882,022 70,269 860.776 82,800 260,701 218,524 1,656,013 ! 3,010,000 rviliiR tho forme.' pcrl:d Ihe account «toort tims llSl'Orla.£3,037.888 VîApûrtd .8,(165.048 1 a' i cr oí -i ¡ . Inverts £18,105 j. uri- g . he Jccoi.i' 11 ;kti :~ Iitrcrtr. .. .£4.003,000 Exjicrts .B.OIO.OOB IsUnccof liepcrts over exports ; .. £148,807 The following ia it itatcment of the stocks in bond at the port cf "riclbourno on tho 21st inst. : -Currants, 14 plpin, 8 barrels. C2 cases; raisins, 40 balts j hops, 19pockols ; rbracdy, 3,839 hhdB. 2G,245à cates: rum, 7,781 hhds. 129 cases; geneva,394 hhds., 68,662red, 1,843green esses j wliiskoy. 378 hhds. 0,433 cases ; oldtom, 407¿hhds, 11,862 caaes; cordials, 2,323 casos f pirita of wine, 75 hhds. ; other spirits, 130$ hhds. 3,387 cases ; wine, 3,5094 hhds. 6,582 I cases; beer, 2,162 hhds. 3,963 cases and casks ; ' tobacco, à hhd., 34 casks, l8 bales, 1 tierce, ; B44 half- tiercea, 52 quarter-tiorcos, 65 kegs, : 6,386 three-quarter boxes, 4,366 cases and boxes ; cigars, 622 cases ; snuff, 72 packages ; tea, 34,235 chests, 17,620$ half-chests, 11,366 boxes; coffee, 1,134 bogs, 142caskB, 30 barrels; sugar, 65,771 bags raw, 22,391 packages ; molasses, 3 hhds. ; chicory, 368 packages : opium, 25.} chests, 181 packages. Colonial Sugar Company's stock :-Sugar, raw, 691 tons ; do., in process, 478 do. ; do,, refined, 689 do. ; treacle, 166 do. Total, 2,024 tonB. For detailed reports of tho Import and pro- duce markets we refer to the market reports in other columns. At the annual meeting of the Chamber of Commerce, held on the 14'.h instant, tho report of tho standing committee for the past year was . brcught up and adopted, together with the financial statement, which did not present any ¡ fe aturo of particular interest or importance. I The attendance of members was email. The 1 following gentlemen were elected office bearers , for tho current year ¡-President, Mr. John Benn ; vice-president, Mr. P. Turnbull ; com- mittee, Messrs. J. Callender, R. Sellar, J. ' "l'Bain, G. W. Cole, W. H. Campbell, J. T. ! Ccckshot, J. Fowler, D. Wilshin, T. Harbotlle, J. De Little, J. T. Marshall, Reginald Bright, ¡ J. Lorimer, J. H. Blackwood, W. Bayles, i A. Sutherland, John King, A. B. White, and | i Hurray Smith; auditors, Messrs. F. Huiler an 1 , W. Crosby. . ¡ IMPORTS At the Port of Melbourne, from the 15 h j March to the 13th April, 1862, compared with I the correhponding period of 1861. ' Agricultural piemen ta Alltali-Soda, tens Apparel and slopa Ammunition Fuse, caps, ko Powder.. Shot, tons Arma Arrowroot, lb. Bags and uacka , Bark, tona Beor Bottled.. Draught Biscuit, tons Blankets and wool. lens Boals Booka Boots and alices. Bran, bushels . Bricks Building, No. . Brushwaro Building materials Butter, tons Cabbage treo Candles, tons Candlowick Canvas Carpeting.. Carrlagea, c ko. Cement .. Cheese, tons Chicory .. 1801. £ 1,881 627 11,013 691 1,188 11,66( 9,431 606 15,906 B837 25.141 1,711 1,601 746 25,671 10 10,80 8,411 1,664 8,6881 660 88,065 1,351 180 1,180 5 818 12,767 18,66:. 4,223 63,017 1,180 1,401 1,151 7,806 80,008 5, 1,012 2,810 Quantities. 36,408 6,000 1802. 20 ! 15.6E0 j "«I 18,702 61,948, >; 260, Cliliiawaio Cider l'ouïs, tons Cocoa and choco- late, lb. Coffeo Coke and fuel, tout Confectionery .. Copper, tuna Copper oro, tons.. Coppcrwaro and bl an war o Cordage, tons .. Corks Cottons .. Got'on waate Cutlery Drapery Druga Druggists' waro .. Earthenware Eggs Fancy gooda Felt Fish Ficth Preserved Salted, tons .. Flour, do. Fruit Bottled Dried .. Oreen, bushel» Furniture and up bolstcry Glass Bottles .. Plate .. Window Glassware Glno Grain Barley, huBhels. Beans and peas, do. .. Gram, tons Maize, bushels.. Malt, do. Oats, do. Bice, tons Wheat, huehols TJnccscribcd.do 100 lo!-94j 180 4,616' "S98 5,206 1,~ 1,292 660 8,043 60 682 103,780 3,18« 760 1,201 004 2,786 3t 1.687 1,086 87,017 1,901 10,8121 2,079 158| Loot 2,165 6,220 6,670 28 867 19 663 709 80 10,285] 1,620! 280 774 76 480 1,062 810| 7,194 154 474 200,2651 4,047 421 1,884 041 3,784 506 6.9361 701 8,768 10,0681 5.942¡ 21 1381 2,981 20! 1,21! 6,407 8,002 116, 1,678 8,717 1,680 66 18,4241 851 100 7,000 0,600 26,111 1,616 45 673 urinucry .. Grindstones Guano, tons Haberdashery Hair, tons.. Hardwaro and ironmongery Bats and caps Bay, tons.. Bides, No.. Bollowaro Hops Hosiery .. Indiarubber goods Instruments Musical,. Scientific Iren, tons Jewcllory.. Lend,tons Leather, cwt. Leather« aro Linen Live stock Horses, No. Birds .. Pigs .. Legs, do. Poultry.. Sheep, No. Machinery Maiblo .. Matches and vestas Mats and rugs Meal Corn, tons Oat, do... Metal Yellow, tons Millinery .. Nails and scrow«, tonB Naphtha and cam' phine, gals. Nets huts Oil Colza, gal. EeroBcne, do. Linseed, do. Olive, do. Undcscribcd,do. Oilcloth .. Oilmon's stores Onions, tons Opium Paintings and cn gravlngs Points, So.. laperhanglngs , Perftunoiy Photographic goolhi .. Pipes-Tobacco , Fitch and tar Plants and BOCIIB Plato and plated vraro .. I lumbers'ware Potatoes, tona preserves.. Printing materials 1,400 2,762 16,806 1,768 124 1.C64 7,778 17,000 1,690 231 221 200 218| 1,864 10,610 1ÓÍ707 216 6.747 1,428 1,816 011 807 1,744 620 621 650 2,741 160 am 25 2,8 2,e67 1,403 1,070 12,716 6,056 02 4B8 1,00 707 400 10,060! 2.7C0 600 170 6,780 16' 11,600 211 8S7 710 68! no 226 001 10 1,060 2,011 70C 4I< 801 Silks Skins ríales, Ko. Soap,tons., riiccio .. ... Specimens of -Na- tural Histoiy Brices Spirits Brandy.. Connais Gin .. Of wine.. Perfumed Bum .. Whlskoy TJndoecribcd Etongo .. Starch and blue ttationcry Steel, tons Stone Building, tons. Kill .. lavlrg .. Btoncwaro Bvgar 'fallow, tona 1 alloc», lb. Tea limber Deals, No. Laibs .. Palinga, Ho. - . Loirs and piles, do.' 865 22,781 904 4,111 17 l,9ßc Uti 4,728 60 41C 25,101 I.1 10321 2.C0V "Î9Û 0,607 765 830 *700 4 ¿iiflS 46 103 17,108 6,810 2,441 201 11.03E 130,000 21.67S 19 23,3361 74. 6,040 61,60» l8 44,684 2.06' 14: 1,39.] 1.C7 Posts and rails, do. Sawn, feet Shingles, Ko... Miscellaneous.. Tin. Tinware Tobacco Cigars .. Tcbacconists'ware Tods and utonslls Toys and turnor}' Tui pen tino and varnish, gals. .. Tu Ino aud thread, . wt 01,61) Agricultural im ulcmcots Alkall-Soda, ton Apparol and slopi Arma and ammu nition .. Ariowroot, lb. .. Bags and ¡-aoks .. Ba li, tuna' Beer- ik ttled, gals... Draught, do. .. BUcuit, toni .. Blue 1: sand, do. .. Blankets and wool- lens Bones, tons Books Boots and shoos .. Bton, buihela .. Bril k-, Ko. Bl ushwaro Building matcrlalr Butter, tons CM dies, do. Cu.vca Carpe' Ir.g Carriages, carts. 1801\. I 1802 £ £ 108 30! 0 75i 1,010 6,270 - 279 6 220 30,00t 840 C8 77 45 10,880 606 1,051 2,181 C,2i) 1,273 837 140! 10,160 110 2,867 3fc 20,7il4 80Í 75 2,206 1,652 200 8,001 1,717 1,166 61 15 690 473,248 aoi.ijej, ui Malt lío Oats, do. Klee, tona M heit, bUBhoîi frlndcry .. Guano, trna I rberd trhcry Ir Ir, cwt. Ilcrdu-iro a: Ironmongery Bats mid caps Hay, tons.. I'ides, rao. Hello« aro I c 11 a i lad hoofs I'cps, lb Ii os t ry Boise» leo, tons Ii duruobcr goods Ii a.ruments - -lundi Scientific lion nwlutoel, tout Jewellery Li athel, tons Liatherwnro 1\. mc, bUbhcb linen _, vcittek C-ittle, No. Bones, do. Sleep, do. Piuttry.. Machinery 1,740 2,086 1,814 647 4,006 77a 16 l.ESs 756 33 775 409,34 21(1 "ïoo 119,676 128 9,710 116 80 686 7,322 41 262 16 340 OS 800 261 100 8,178 COt 2,616 91 u: ni lot 4,011 19 06f 8,214 Morbo Matches unilvcâtn» i. at s and rugs Meal-Oat, tons J" eta), jollow, do Î lilli ory 3v oli&aca; hails ami scrot» tons lvuls ti» Oils gil t i dr> h C ilicet s store» C1 ii 111 < i ici t es J hits Paintings and cn cravings r pcctrglngs 111 fun i ry Phr-togrtphio go da Pitch and tar I j. cs-Tobacco P ants and seeds I late and plated tiaro Potatoes, tone Prcsorvcs Printing materials Provisions Preserved Salted, tons Pecs tons Bul I »ay maten 1 Bcsin 'addlery togo, lb (alt, tons Ehipchaudlcry Silks fckins Elatis, No ¡bonp, tons fcpeclo fcpccimonaofNatu ral History Spices Bl¡rite Brandy Cordials Gin Cf wino Fcrfumod Kum Vthlskoy TJndcacribod Starch and blue Stationery Bt rewaro Sugar Tallow, tons Tea Tents and pt.ulhiB 1 mbor Tin Tinware Tobacco Cigars Bluff 1 otacconisth' ware ïoolsand utonslh Tey s and turnor} Tirpentlno a: varnish, ( als Twluc ai.d tuicad tar 1.E6Í 12DC| 81 l8 3,10/1 284 59,834 C,°60 1,437 1340 16 601 60 116 1878 15 10FJ6 14< 1,401 10 6 1,84 1C£> HU 677 400 7« 54,823 2,020 7 188 8,033 268 7,1031 4,61b 3,866 75 55 040 ISO Ï.WJ 100.C.7 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PBICE3 CURRENT. The Argui OlDci), Thucaday Xva.-ninr. 1 he condition of our inatkols ulnoo tho deputiri cf the last mail has not umleigono any import .1, s change, and price» livvo flio.uatod but ii tie I'm «rivals In the early (art of the nrmtb cains Ii tiavlly tcgethor, but tho Importa be'ug noll li «Id, u > decline in prl:(B occutrol. Since then ar.ivala IUVJ leen oomparatlvo'y few, giving n filmer tati'tency to ratet. BualnCBi In nil uratchoi Hill cxn li UKI t|iietnets. Htcc'tsofmany articlesaroru:.nin<lo»',t.ti.l tlfhcr pries are touch: ; but little Bpecilatliu lisa taken place, tto ¿o_reo of caution vthi;h lia» for nene months put cbaraitari.ed bullets* trvn-niriloaa In this nurket being rather lacretucd lbs: dimlnlilie 1. She commorelal Intelligence by the Ennlinh February u all afforded general ealbfaeilon, particu'aily as re 1 aida the continued moderato ahlpmento, and will iend to firm prlota, lender stliB more easily cffcctoJ, md give more favourable results to shippen. VHb monoy abundant in the homo mai kel s, tad «iitout a probability of a rupturowlth Amcrloi, tt bai rafted s.mo degree of surprise that tahlpaout» lUulctaio contliiutd within lie bound, oí modera tion, and that at length abtppors ahonld hi avttrtnol to the decrease in our requirement«. Tho termina- tion o! the long drought will be sonilbly foil ere long -the heavy rolui have supplied the diggers with tho tresna of cairylng- on their avocations, and wl'l ctable them to discharge lUblli les with alorckoepari. I aiming operatlona are oommenolug, camln< In eriased employment ; and with the reflux old egera fi cm the Otago gold fields. In numbers, almost dally, a totter winter trad« will enauo than was generally I ntlclpated. Tho opening of extended portlom of tbo ral way lines will afford great fatalities for tho couu'ry Hide, more particularly during the wet season, ann vlil prove generally bpnoflolal during «hat have 1 nherto been our dullest months. Butlnois, alth jugh ly co meant brisk, la genorally In aiounl ho&liby; ? crcltlon, ard there are scarcely any doscriptlo-.s of reeds tho prceent prices of whicharellkoly tounocrgo li y immoc lal o decline, promlelng which we proceed to i. ere detailed report of tho leading artlclos of general ooniumptlon. Beer-Ihe domand for ale cf the now brew ha< lien »toadr, and prices well sustain-d. The bulk of tho lato orr.vaia 1« already cleared, and early contine 1 licola «111 fled ready sale. Bass's No 8 ba3 been j laced at £9 10i., And which may be taken ni Mw unndaid tor tim valu» of gord brords, Thodimvnd 1er bottlod ales couiinues very light, and It.o lar»u itock« on hand aro »lowly and with difficulty removed. Lottled stout, nu the other hand, hu been and o »n t cues in bruk dimand ; boat brand« aro icarce, and, from the inoioiscd euniumptlon, thia article appoa-a likely to bo will main «hied throughout tho wlnte" months. Quotations are :-Ale.-Basa'a No. 8, now, £0 10s,; Allsopp'«, £8 lOi,; other Burton browcia', £3 per bhd. ; Joulo'H i-.tono, £8 10a. : Tonncnt'n, £3 per hhd. ; Byass'«, bottlod, 0«. 8*d ; London and Colonial Company's, 9i 3d. to Ba. Cd ; Allsopp'», Us. 3d ; other bottler«', Ea. to Sa. Stout -Beat brands, £0 loi.; other browett', £6 10s. por hhd. ; Byass'», bottled, 10B Od.; London and Colonial Company's, 103.3J.; Bar- clay's porter, bottled by Friend, quarts, lOi. ed. ; othor bo tleiB'i Da. 6U per dinon. Bags -Tho demand fur three burhol calks bus oin iDiBhed, a. d prient hove d.ellned. Stocks an d'fil.ult to movo at 18s. 6d. por dozen, tho require 0 ents for tho li-rv.«t season being pi etty nearly sup ) lied. For woolpacks thi re la no demand, orr] iialci cmnot be effecud al anything obovo 3s 6d. Ottnnloi aiobut moderately atcckod, and in fair I equosl at 7J ICI dOKOl!. Butter -The 1-ng-contlnued dry weather bavin.: I'lttroyrd Hie tcod, froih butter has boon very scare i 1er lorne wicka past, and tho Intelligence cf the very mall quantity-chipped has enabled holders of gool li uly landed parcels to secure advanced prlcet. iii. li lett sales reported havo been mado at Is 2d. per lb. ; 1 sd OB no ampio BupLly of freah can be pioduced for i c n o wockB, tho proamt rate will no doubt bo tompo inriy sustained lundlea.-Demand continues s'oady at quotations, 1 it without any great activity. Blocks ero modorate, » rd prices likely to bo maintained Quotations ore Neva stcarlnc, le 2}d. ; Belmont iporms, Is. tjd to le. 3d. ; Halo's nnd Ogleby'i, Is. 2d, to It. 2Jd. per lb. Can von -For boat quality the demand la light, with mere Inquiry for medium at low prices. Quotation i aie, medium to good, lid. to 14d. pir yard. Ciment anona moro firmness, but etc ka are still heavy. PortloLd is quoted at 16s. Cd., and liomin a« 14s. for barrel. Coal«.-1 ho prospect of the renewed dhagreemenr, between tho pit owners and colliers at Newcastle, N.B.W., leading to the interruption of tint trade, earned a firmer feeling In the markot ; but matten leimlng likely to bo amicably settled, prlcoi havj again sottled down, and ore quoted for both Kngllsh aed Newcastle (colonial), at 84s. on bond; or 86s. to 87s. on the wharf. tonfic'ier.ery.-Stocks are greatly reduced; and wl h a fair inquiry both for consumption and export } rices are somov.liit Armer. Ataortod sorts aalcablo a', lOjd. pin lb. Cordado -Tbo demand has bfcomo rathorslack, and j ile« a hardy Eo Drm. For twine thoro la a atcady, t ¡though quiet, inquiry. Quotations oro:-Europe í E0 to £88 ; KusBlan, £40 ; coir, £80 to £88 ; Manilla (aisorted), £60 to £62 por ton ; shop twine, lOd. ; tv lue, aewing, 18d. per lb. Drugs.-Thoro baa bcon an improved dtmard for cplum, and aaloa tITecltdat improved ptlceo for both iii pared and Patea. Soda crystals have been in 1 tiler inqul y, and a slight Improvement In price« is Itp'.rted. Ca-broii haa boen In lair request; other I nlclca arc In llttlo Inquiry and dull of Bale at quota- tions, which are a» follows :-Opium, Pam», £200 and £296 per ck cat, duty paid ; pra-pared 29s 0d. to 80a. per cunlate-; toda crj,stilj, £7 101. to £8; soda sib, £12 per ton ; sulphur, flour, 20a. to 21B, per tiwt ; car. bona'e Beda, )8s to 19s porewt. ; tartarlc acid, 2a 0J. per lb.; cream ef tartar. Is 61 per lb. Kaithonwarc,-Supplies have comam'ro nii-d'rately to hand, and for fc'ocd assoitnii-iitstolernb'y ready salea can be effected. . Fish, Drieu and Salted -The demand for llngfl.h hat declined, but prlcBof pilme aro uiial'oicd. ilir-, rlrge are In bett-r 1. qulry, and st tim moderate, i 1 rkes are :- Ling, 4Jd ; herrings, red, t« o Jt zen tin«, 24s to 27s ; white, lu urklns, 10a. to ICB 6d ; ho this tii> to Oi 6d. Flour and Grain -Throughout tho month tbo mar- ' bet tor brcadBtufla Isa ihown hut llttlo change, t..o c'en and for flour having almost boen limited to (mall I tittie for Immediate me Ihe country mills aro now, II ipling their surrounding dlitricts. and at le wer rato i i ban floor fruin Mo hournocan bedellveredat ; tbo town, nadelt-conrcqueutly confined to «mall export ordora and' the le cal de mm d tcrcomurnpt'.on, and prices are rather easier. Wheat within the last week has been In meru Ir qulry, but pilcal are lea« firm. Considerable skip-! li cnts of wbeai have been made for England tinco tito i apirturo of ino last mail, bnt being moally c1 forolun pi ow b, has not bad influonce on prices Oit a havj, li cn In Bt-aiy dunned, ard have wo'.l maintained! jikCB. 8teilta of most Imported sorts havo run very lew, and Eupplios dopt ndlng on colonial grown, thrr j i li no probability of any declino la latea. B.rley, boto; fir seed and malling purposes is lo Improved demand, ' vith rather >n upward tendency. Malt has undergone lui llttlo chu go; arrivals have ceno forward, lut piles aro uncharged Gram Is but mode lately stocked, and well ht Id. Quotations aro ti fellows:-Flour.-Taimanian, £11 ; Adelaide, £1210i to £3; superfine, £18 10a lo £14; Californian, All per ton ; United State«, 87a. per barrel Wheal. » Colonial, 4s. id. to4s.8d. ; Adelaide, 4a.9d. to4s. 10.1. ; Californian, 4a. 01. per bushel. Oatt -Irish an i fcotoh, 8s. 0J. to B4, id.; Californian, 4s 3d ; colonial, 48\. Cd. to 4». lOd. per buahol. Barley.-tf alttng, 0«. (d. ; feeding, 4s. to 4s, Gd. per bushel. Maiz-i, Fjdney grown. Sa. 3d to 6i Ou. per bunhel. MaU, r. p , Iii. Grain, £9 to £10 per ion Bran, Is 3d, r er bushel. Scotch oatmeal, £16 to £19; colonial, fS6 por ton. I Finita (dried).-Inquiry has bcon moderato through i ut the month. Tho notting In of tho rainy Boston, however, cloaca our supply ef fre-h fnilli-, and an len preved demand for driod torta tray fslnybo loose 1 It r. Quotations are :-Currants, 6d to OJd Baiaius, new, Muscatel, lOd to lid ; Cape, 7d to7id. Groceries,-The Block of coffee has run I iw, and with tbe improved demand which usually tota In witn the winter piicea are Improving, and at but modora'n tiapplles only are expeoted, further advance la looked ter The sugar market la qulot ; suppllea aro eonti detablc, but well keld ; and ooneoquent on tho Intolli (.ence from Mauritius, holders are Indisposed to accept other than full current rateB. Tbo cargo of Ilia Wretsell Cast'o, from Pott Louis, waa ofTatred to- day hy auction, bul almost enllio'.y withd ann, the trade doemlnK ihn Impoiters'limita loo highly fixed. She stocks of P»tna rice havo gradually worked eff 11 a lew ebb, at d prices havo latterly advanced con- ' lideiahly, and aro to day quoted at £25 per ton, duty rlid, for go d samploa. Quotation! arc:- Coffoo (in tend)-Ceylon plantation, l)d. to lCd. ; nativo, 7d. to 7Jd. ; Java, 7d. pur lb. Sugar-(duty pild).-COIBI rorc, Ko 1, 63o to 64a Mauiltlua, low to lkeyollow, 84B to 89s. ; low to fine brown, 88B to 8Ü<1 per est. Bice.-Patna, £25, d p. Teas.-Messrs Koberlaon and Everard furnlih the tnbjolned report :-"The Madras arrived on tho 17th Inst., with dates from China to 1st March. Tho arri- vais Blnce our last have been the Harriet Artnltago an 1 Vsgglo M'Lcan, both from Foo-Ohnw-Foo cn the 81s, Varch, brit ging 6,804 ehest«, 3,200 half chista cot cou, 1,21- boxes scented orango pekoe Tho market tin. o cur last has been pro'ty activo private 1}, both In chosta ard hnlf cheats congou, Irom common upward i. fitvcial considerable parcels of old import, and of u ccrcmon tound ebaractor, hive been cold at lid. tu Is. Id. The deman-i for half o^oat« lias exceeded tho I np ply, and a sound tea, nob viuy hair j pickagCN with a fair leaf, would readily brim: le 2d to 1«. 31 per lb.; while the burnt backUh leaf kinds, lu cheatB, havo realised la 7d. to Is 0). per lb We fully expect to ne thcio prleca maintained, n the quantity arriving comes only In moderate quanti ties,and the tamo fi mnesacvlncod by hcldoia whian bli been shown during the lett month Ino eales li/ auction during tho month havo been ve-y uni in portant, but in aomo instances will tend to show th i cctual market for tto respective kinds. On April 1 102 half chctiB of very coi mon dark-glazed bjsontkl i. end 870 half chitts congou, wera tried, but none told , li. 4d. per lb waa bid for tho bysontkin, hut with drawn for more money ; the congou withdrawn. Oi /pill 8, 70 half chests Japtn oolonf, and 870 hal it etta congou (to* n pall ed), ex Seaman'« Brido an I Eit-uel Fall a. 1 he latter, 260 half-chetta, sold at 111 to Is, for not cath, bat not guaranteed; the ooloiir withdrawn at 2i April 11 -Iho carpo of th B. Armitage v.as tried. Ko. 105, 8J0 cbcB burnt black leaf congon, sold privately, before til i auction ; Ï o. 1C0, 198 half-cheat« police acueho .; lln owed congou, wltkout much bony, Bo'd at 2s. , Ko. 103,- cb«t«, black leaf, rather atrong, burnt, a few sold at la. lOd ; Mo. 104, 75 ohoatB OI olde..!, ttrc-g, rather burnt, Is. 7d was offered and muted Ko. 110, half cheat», a clean black leaf cni"-c,ii, bit kicken and dusty, 60 seid at <a 4Jd per lb ; Ko. 10J Iialf-ch'sta blatk leaf, itrong, tiny potoo flivour, tin f reatcr portion sold after tbe austlon al la 10 i <pill 16,-Iho damaged acd broken portion of th : 1 airiet Armitarje s Id at la. 4d to Is, 7d for oongom and la 7d. tola Old. for boxea scented orai g» peko Black lea«.-Congou-The markot OIOEOB hialthy f ir al) de ecilptlou«, a t d wo do not expect to eos Ion cr rata , ctpcclally tatbus-i now on tbo market aro well hell v i h a probtkl It] . f ttocka not bc'ng lnoreaccd durln . tho remainder of the soasen. Tbo iiuotatl. for v-ry ordinary congou remains about Od. for oben« somewhat mer« for half chests. Eourd commo vlih a gocd lfi>f and not dusty, Is Half chetta of th quality va onlel ha worth 1B id. For other description if congou wo ri-fer to our quotations. Scented oraiu pekoe, In boxe«, 2B. to 21 2d, has bien ttoady du.ln the month, the market 1B fairly supplied, but ohlofl belo by one houao. N o chango In othor blacks. 1 i treen teas wo httvo i otblag to report, tbo marl, telrtr r.ultebaro Wo can only ropcat thu arriva now"óf a few small lots would pay well." Gunpowder.-Stocks aro heavy, wl h n l'ght ii ? ni Ed Prices, however, oro unchanged, and ali 1 qi ottd ai 8d. ptr lb. tor beat bloating sorts. B opa contln uo much as when tait reported. Prie - 1 tve undcrgono no change, but the Intelligence < f litvy shipments lias rother deadened quotation! »hieb ere, however, given a» follow:-Hint am HJBICJC, I860, Is. lOi to ila. ; 1801, 2s Si, to 2s. M Fir lb. i Eardwaro and Ironmongery oro still without arnon I ii mt. Sleek» romain heavy, and difficult of sole Si i tah-i he demand for corrugated lion of tie lower qualltloi is Well maintained, but for flTt I IISIB brands Inquiry li qu'et. Bar and red arn luovily stocked, and dell ef solo. Zlno la 11 fttnend, and Onus ready purcbasera at qu i tallon». A better Inquiry baa .prung up to tlcet lead, ot o dight ad von co on previous qu i tailors. Tin piltra are saleable, but it very lo flgtrtB Angle aid 1 Iron hove slightly lim: preved In detnoid. Lead shot ia without oller« lion, and contîntes dull of salo. Quotation« or.' :? \- Korewood's patent corrugoted galvanised tlnut , Si and 20 gongos, £86 por ton ; Morewood's e * n.R<ted golvanlied, No. 2, or untlnnod, £"3 ion. ii .. Iniper'a do.,£38 10».do.; liotnUton'H er other El tiib mstor'i, £82 do ; Bcotclt, £50; tjorew rolvonlrod tlnnftl plain 2« rind 2S travr/»j C £c. ; Tupper'«, or other Pngliih mnker't1, £!C di Scotch do £6 co rol»t '1 sr brFt ft" r !«li'r*"" troulf bl>fl £ 01 or -*co-ch «Olea, d plata-, £1" do , nice rf-ted £16 do , anglo ond T, £12 do , hoop, £ " d r <*, £* 10s do , bwod ah, no st c Lcsrl-Pipe n sorted siro«, £28 to £20 do , iheat. n illcd ruiroiltd /26 do ; shot, rumorted, £80 do Q licksilver, Is 8d per lb Btesol-Bllcttr, £2 6» per owt , cart £2 lOi. do Tin-Bloct-, Is Cd. tels »d per lb , p'ites, clircoal, IO ptvton char ci al, IX, 16 per eut advance. Wire-rcncl c, »ck, £1310« per I*-1 anlad Noa. 1 lo6 ''ISdo ii no-Relied, light r\l do , do nail«, "2 8a ti £2 3 a. per owt Oilmen a Stores- C tinned Improvement )at oo itired In thcegoo^a Pickles ato very Karoo j uni el ii bottled fruit in ice c ilr macd, aalad eil is 11 c.oo 1 Ii qniry, ard readily i rble, pearl barley In very i ricp, and fo cHai. mr i m ratea , hwocfesof loo oro > till g low, tardlriB io In fair request ond 1 but fo«r bandB i v sters aro tcarco on 1 v anted, salmon Io salt nie, but in moro mo i ernie rrqucbt than other doiorlrtioLS Quotatlim no as folio* -Bl to, thon.b lid. pur lb., c rrla I owdor, quatta, 18P to Hi por doran, fruits, botilul, IHOIIB.OB 6d do ,J-ms and Jellies, lib tins, 10s Od do , oísteis, lib tins American, Es- 6d do , lracaro i, JJ per lb , venn eel I v bite Naples ond Oonoo fid , o , mustard In bulk, no 2, 8Jd do , co, In lib I 0 tics 12s Cd per rcn do in iib bottles Si do a meal, £l0 to ¿<.ü \c~ ton, evaters, pre crved, lh tina, lou (k1 l »r 1 "i , do , 21b tine, 17 to Or do , o ck ec, q it LOH to 11s Cd do , do I i ti, 9a 8d do , | re oi ed meats, 21b lh.r> wan od , n:.U oil, pro, 14 per deson, do, halfpiuU, a 6d do , «ali. n pit^erved, lib tit,s, 17» d do, lordlcoa, hal a 1! do , do, owutiri. 5 Cd do , cinccn .,< ort« 1 half pinte 7s do , do Wcrceilerablio (Ln oi 1 l'er Ina), 12s. to 3^s CJ do , starch (CcluiMii) il lier lb , vinogar, hrov/i (C1 tmpiou s 2-1) la. 1C i por gallon, do , coucea ira ed, qua t%U told per dozen, white wine, Is flu per gallon Oils, Paints Jto - A ile y Ioiprovi meit continuel II the o orticlf« V 1 Iti aril rod load aro Improving lr dimsnil Tor )ln«ocd oil holdira o«k 4i *"d fo equal proponlons of b It t and lav I uri entino 1 light in st ck ai d roiciljr s leob'o Pri oe arc - linseed oil (r-vvj 1 boiled, 4e Od , colza f , Ctineto, Jo Sd to 4 fi turpentine, Cs por gal a TVblteleod, bett, "8a rid lead, 30s porcirt. ProvlBonB rro fccnornlly icirco Nono of 3 ncktlr a nrcaln li Hut hilda jareéis of tho now ciro aro, lowcver dill» ixpcotcd Trine parcels of cho-ro a o itaicelf to 1*0 mci v I h M s pjik Is also Ecirco and »anted Quolatl l a rro - Breon-Yarey a, I'JJ , Bil ela la iSJd , C uitoi lijd Bams- Varoy», 14d to 14J3 Bli U j i 16d , Cumberland 12d , Wittphalla, 8d por lb i h(">io-Boublo Oloucaator 3r 3d to Is 21 Ti illa I ! e, la lil .Cheshire li 11 io Is 2d Ooudn 71 lo Bd por lb Pork-Irlea mess £4 10s per buriel, beef, £4 p«r tierce Tchacco firmly mMUains Itn position Stocks oro working li to fow I al c's and prices are at tho r dis rossi Held rs | lees rta - I arrann 8s , other inundo, 2B 04 tu a Od halvos l8 7d to Is Od , ter» la 41 lo Is PI , r-hocpw-ish,7d Wines -In thonij thero Is scarcoly anything doing Per s are in ratler ellar dcimid but without od val cc in price so t icont aaloa of low quaitios, at cheap rotcB teni* i io krr-p prices doun Bait-Iho annnr c nient of how shipments has checked all ter.de ¡ ey ov ida Improvement, a,Ln ra o« ate dull Quotrtloi « are -Coar«o £8 16a Spirits-Brat,dj nnmlni. very quiet and prices Cm gtccks oro noiro leg do in Ino few haido Cato ?ortB aro ndvancli g Of British blandy thero lu scarcely any 11 tho roo kot, and price« rulo high ?Whickey in poo I ccm nd, ond Block much reduced Tho conBumpt on nf geneva is atc.-dy, and prices w11 iroirtslncd Bui especially tho lower proof, tho»a II oro Srmnoas Od torn still neglected and dill of talc Quotatloi aro -(fn bond)-Brandy, Mar tell H dora, 1 p le 12s per gallon, lion ni say's della Vi to l"a por gallon, palo 12s , Otords, 10s Cd to 10 Oil do , United Vino yard 3?roprletors di, 10J 9d , Ghumpopie Vineyard Proprietors Cor-| ?my'o do, 10s Od , palo 11B do , VlnogroworB 10« 01 do , other brands d( Es to8n 0 do pale, ll-vrtr 1 r läonncsiiy s, B2s por do-on caso , do , Ù V Pn p » tors, is do , \ luegrowcrs', 2Cs do , Champagne \ueyi-rd Iroorloton Company a, 20H ti 27f. do.; Oloun .II'B.243. do. (leneva- JDKE or-ko J brand, 13«. 8d. tu 14i pel four-fallen cano; do, do., 1r. 6d. per half-cato ; .to., ether brands, 10a. to 18a. per cant. Gin-Lend -ii old tom, beat brands, 2a. Bd. 5or gallon; do, do., 1E>. Cd. per dozen. Ruin latt India, 20 to 80 o.p., la. 6d. to 2a. 8d. per gallon; Weit India, 10 to 12 op., 8s 3d. do.; do., 20 to BO o.p.. Sa. Od do. Whlslioy -Irish, Bahan'a, 4s Oil. do. ; Scotch, brit, la. 9.1. do. ; do., bait brands, 13a. per dozen caoo. _ _ MELBOURNE MARKETS. ' ) THURSDAY, APRIL 24. IHK KI__8. There Is no irarroicracnt to report SalcB of flour contlnne limited to present requirements, and priera aiourcbangaid. Quotations aro-Fiuo flour, £11 Ibo. to £12; oalir,'.al, £25 per ton; kian, la. 81 pic kuihel ; whoat, 4i. 6d. to 4i Bi. per busbol. 1C5TAII. HAT.Ii.ErS. Butcher^' Mest -Beef, 2d to 4Jd, per lb ; mutton, Bd. to4Jd do ; vca!, Od, to 04 do.; pork, 8d. to l>t!. do Poultry.--'Iu-fcoys. OH to 84. etch ; gean, 12. to 13s. nor pair ; d "cks, 5s 0J, to 0s. ed do ; fovt lu, e.. to 6«. do. ; rabbit«, 8>. 6d. to 4«. Od. per brace ; butter, freah, 2a. 3d. to SI». 61 per lb ; ogirs, .>* 91 to 3«. perdoz-n ; milk, 8d. per quart; bread, 0_ J. tu Ed. tho iib. louf. HAY HAIU-EÏ. The advanced p icon cbtalaed at tho eloso ef list week has Indued a larjcr mpnly than wa» r quite I Demand has, ho«evor, b on tol-rably bri-lt, and mo maikotwaa olea id 1o day beforo the hour of deine-. l The pilcos obta mil VVÍTO oialer, 1 ut very few louis nt , oven prime qu" ¡ty reaching Baturdf-y'a quota't'iin-. Prices aro:-lic>t hay. £9 6a to £9 15a.; ut corni quality Bud fcleiior, £7 15a. lo £815s per lou. j njSTilEH MARKnr. Thcro was a go d supply of vcgitablos brought In I tills morning, ihe qialltlrs being alroady loiprovnl 1 bl the lot« mira lha irqulry was brisk, and sato-a ricdily eftfcted, bet lower prices bad toboiubtnit.oJ I to. tabbagoe, turnlpi, mel cvrrot'i particularly wei o I mere plentifully ruppllrd Owing to tho aJvantul ' staion thcro was but r> limited tupply >_f fruits of go^ qualities Them d rcriptlwe found ready eulo at about ivet week's pike, bul Ii ferler co-ts were lo a a/»ie I «kio, evan at 1 v. rates lho .iitpplv of p ultrv v«--»j amall, bus lho Inquiry vv¿s light. Tbo folloa,n_ were »bout tho pillia obtained :-. Votetablei - Bull, la per dozon bunchcj ; beans (kidney), 3J1. per lb ; bet, UJ. to Is. Od. per dozen ; bou 3uett, Ot. per doran; cabbage«, 2i, to 4a pe- dí en; carrotp. Is. 3J. to 2a por dosen bnncliíi» ; et lily, 8> to li per doivm; creat, water, la. 61 t « 2s. per deren b;n..hca, euciunbora, long spine, 01 to 2B. per dczen ; garlic, Cd. per lb.; horarndlih, 6s. per dnzen stick«. ; lernt, la per dozen bunches ; I .. tuco, li. 6d. to 2a pir dozen; marjoram, 9d perdez ii burches ¡ mir t, 0,1 per dosen huschen ; onion», Ídried), 23a to 21s pcrc.ít ; paraley, Is Od. to 2a i>aa« loren hunchee ; parmljo, la. OJ. to 2s. por dotto i burches ; pest» 3d per lb ; p tatoer, (Is per owt ; pumpkins, Oi lo Di. per dozen ; radish, Bd to 10 i per dozen bun hoi; sara, 8d. to la. per dnzm ' turcnea; nbitlotp, 4d. par lb ; thynio, Od. to li per dozen bunr-ra-c ; turnips, 2s 3d. to 8s pur dozmi bunchca ; ton-'cci>, Id to 2d. poi lb.; vogotaliln marrows, 8a. lu lo per dozer ; nnngoM wurtzo', 40t. per ton. Fruit«.-Apples, 3d. to 6d per lb ; Spa, 4tl. to 6d. per dozen ; grapes, 3d to 8d. pair lb ; melon» (water), 2a. per d'.z«n ; do. (rock), 8J to 6a per dczen ; puirc, 4Jd. per lb ; plur. s, (id. per ll> , qnlrccB, 2d, i crib. Dalry Produce- Butter,2o to'2. 8d. per lb, ; ducks, 4B toGi. per pair ; eggs, 2s 6) pur dozen; geese,Is to 10J. per pair; hans, 8s. Od i> 4a Od. por pair ; pigeons, 2s. per pair ; rabbita, 3s. ti 4a per p-ir ; sucbb'.i; plga, 8s. each; turee., a, lCr, lo 12s pur ps.tr. WOÜf,, _A__OVy, HIDE?. _o S-'cisrs, J. II Cloutth and Co. Bupply tho following rttrrt :-" Wool-Referring to our circular por la r. n all, tho NoitliMU, on lho 25th ult, wo luvt) to rup r. a ccntinucd di.lncaB m this ntnrkot, from thodcubl, rer'cns that rttclaa havo boon reduced to a minimum vi'lo of tho clip, willi tho exception of a fev »IrrgKilng lots having been already shipped, and fruit 1 it; ere being an vllllug tn ontor Into frosh transaction-! at to lito a pcrlcd, mid in the face ef auch untititlsf-ic ttiv anticipation of the homo nurliot prof pee: 3 ht re has.been tu ly one small auction salo held tlurln ; Ile month, wlilc'1 tra» advertised to talco plací afin arrival ol tho mail. About 400 baloo wein liiupht forward, principally gioasy, of which fCO found buyers, prlrclpally among tho foil rj-UittcrB, who tro botter able to get up tholrski'i vi col by tho addition of somo greasy worl with It. Th i ii li gram Diet HnLaand Al xandrla reporting ilxdaya' liaterrtows than that brought by tho mall, and thv. ) ikes had boen noll mainlalned, with brisk competi- tion and very blghpricos ruling for somo fj.vonilt» kttrdp, had thocfrcct ol ciuslng the fow lotscfToiod lo gu olTmoro briskly than would otherwise ) avo benn otcc.eU. The Cuatonoi uloiiraiicca hive boen-.'.-cm Kerch 16 to Aj ill 12,1S02, 630,011^ , value, £66,610 ; Kid previous shipment*, from Otober 10, ISfll, 11 ¿pill 12, 180', 18,0S0,C811b., value, £1,C!I7,ID7. îolal, U,607,625ib. Value, £1.002,743. The folio./, ii p. ihirt havo c1 'nrctl with wool tinco our lost, viz : tureb 27, Dour e nBt'o, with OH bales; April IO, Eiftolk,wtth7U balea; April 14, Lillies, with 241 bald ; April IO, Marco Polo, with 1,071 bales; April 10, fustex, with fOS bales,-Total, 8,827 tales. Add prev oui Eliirmtnts, 72 093 hiles. Total, 76,420 bales. Tallow.-Tarro has been good Inquiry for low-priced tallow. Our qurtatloni tro:-For good beef anti rrlX'd tallow £32 to £H6 portón; do. motton, £40 to £43 do Tho ship i enta havo beon tinco our last April 10, Auffüllt. 104 casks; April 12, Formosa, 135 I du ; April 14, Lillie a, 00 do ; April 10, Sumcx, 115 do. ; April 19, Uaroo Polo, 308 do. Total, 818 calka. Eidii-Ptioat same as last loported. Tho only ship cent la per ronnoEii, with 8,030 hitler. BhceptUu». In fair demand, at pile's from 6d to 8d par lb," t Messrs R Oodabrough and Co.'a report Is as un* l rxtd :-" Wool.-lho amount of bneincra transacted iii cu the departure ot lost until has been very limited, ti o fiw lola that lave erne In for salo belüg chiefly ra un an tu of clp«, tho bulk of Which hu bi-cu rnvinitly sold i li-co» tinned unfavourable advlcoa rcctived from iho kcglish markot bavo dtpress-ii JIICIB cotnldoral I?, m< r i oepcclal y for inferior lo en.inaiy dcauiv~tluns ol fl.neu ana lambí; boyera lu ti ir carol CM «boot piirehaalng these BortB, unless ai n cirrcBpom'im,' reduction to that of the home n-ikel. Supo lor Hesita, «oro any oiToibg, would Hill commaiid o inpinvt'.voly high rotes; ao;u-ed nil o Is in favour «Itb buyots, partloulaily roaliy junio will gotup lote. ,TÍO only public tolo of the i: oui b, and which will probably bo tho lastof tho itaiiii, waalieU at our ntorcB on tho 28td lnitant, wltn ab.iiii 460 Irnloo vero caUlognetl, tho groote? 11 r len cf which vvoro aoM ot satisfactory price«, oon lir.ni g ti oooiclllonof ilnlotB,grcoBy.woolre»ll lug, 7\« io Is O'rjJ ; flieoo, Is 8d. te. Is. 7fd ; and »cour<il 3 s iii. to 2«. OJc. per lb. The following chipi have I «lined dntlrg thu month with wool ou board: Hinch 2i, Dovu Cantle, fur London, C43 balea; April ", ft,IT Ik, for LundT, 737 baloBJ April 10, Maro?> J'c'i', for Liverpool, 1,078 bales; April 10 Busicx, for 1 L nu-1-, 036 bslis-8,008 bales. P/evlcun ahlpmonti lum fe 26 to tato. 70,428 hales. Total, 70,62. baloi. 1 nui current.-,t untrer fl'cce, Is 0d.to2s.; 11.Í1I 1I1I1 g tu good. IB 4U. to le. 7d. ; mfeiltr to ordln.ry, 3» lil to In. Sil. : inferior to ordinary grcaiy, Se', to Ifji) ; good to lupcrior, Od. lola. {¡d, ; soperlirtcourod. (Lot water), 2B o2s. !d. ; ordinary do., Is 4d to Is. 1 < ii. Hides - Slnco our last report, vro hove not heard rt any coles of large lois for shipment; tho bulk ot tin ic coml r g in being, as urual, sent homo on tv. tera* recount Worollotd in Hotjrs. Culverwell, -liei.la, »LU Co 'a circular, of the 26th Drcrmber lost, 1l.1t tho bulk of tho hldec ihlpped from this port oro rttoilcratod In voluo In coniequcuro of tho hide 1 ling Improperly taken off, and wo hive laid tho «arno lilcio our ccuotiy fiierdo:to tint we trust that »a Irrprovemmt may lia lroti'l forward lo In this m .peet Oocd « et aolted ore quoted ot from 10a. to 12s. ed. : and dried from li to Sa. «ach the Formosa cleared for London, on the 12th Inst, with »bout 10,000 hides on boord. Tallow.-Daring the month we hove soldi soveiol parcels ot quotation), which ore-For beef, £80 to £34 ; mixed. £80 to £86 ; and motton, £35 to £40 per ton. Tho following lots hove been eloared at> the Cuatcms:-March 27, Dover Cattle, for London, 811 COIL:; April i, Suffolk, for London, 104 coik»; Apill 1!, Formoao, for london, 186 caiks; April 10, 8uisf x, for London, 115 cuka ; Morco Polo, for Liver- pool, 801 csaks. Total, 1,066 calka." UVE BTOOE. Meian. Row, Birk, ond Co. report as follows ! " Fot Cottle.-There has been a very large numbor ot collie offered this week, amounting to over 1,800 head. Nelvrlthitardlng this large anpply, prices for bott qua- lity have not undorgeno o material chongo, lost quoti tlotB being obout maintained. Lower quolllios of catt lo rclTored a reduction on Wednesday, ond on Xhunday ft furthtrrloclloo In price« took place. Wa quoto-Beit bullocks £6 to £7 ; do cons, £4 10s. t» £0; otbor bullock», £2 2s. Od. to £6 ; cows, £2 to Hi 16A per hea\ Sheep.- Owing to tho continuât co of fa. diminished supply, the thoep sold this week (about; 4,C00) havo realized high pikes ; best wothers boimr quoted ot from 17s. to 18a; half-bred Leiceaters (nob primo) wero Bold ot SOs. each." LABOBB WABKÏT. The letting in of tho rainy aoiaon hu caused oui in pre ved, olthough not extensive, demand for faimlu » men ; good ploughmen are In Inquiry, and a tolurabl » number of ergtgements bovo been modo. Marne t couples for country srrvlce aro also In bottor domai d. Female tervanti oro in obout the uiual request, M lea di mulei oio In tory little lequoat. Female borv/i- tt willi rispcctablo i eferentes oa to character aud ublll.v aro readily engagée1; but young WOITOD, unaccustomed to houtohold work, havo difficulty in obtaining situv ticCB. Wages gereiolly ore stiody, the follnwlLg; being tboot tho current rotea :-Married couulo3, with faH-illca, £6« to £66 per annum ; without children, £66 to £60 do.; gardeners, £40 to £60 do. ; gioomi, 16c, per week ; shepherds, £80 p.ir yeor ¡ hutkeopcrs, £20 to £26 do ; femoral farm Bonrniitp, 16s. per woek ; ploughmen, 20a. do. ; bul- lock drlvoiH on road, 20a do ; do. on forms an J stations, 16s. to 17a I'd. do ; mon cooks, for foi co s ard stationl, 20; to 26s. do. ; coolia foe hotels, from £1 10a. to £2 do. ; Wolters, 20s. to BOs. do. ; fotnalo cooks, from £86 to £60 per year ; gem ral sot vants, £26 to £80 do. ; nuraomold«, £lut to £26 do ; lautidretaos, £80 to £36 do. ; hotueaiolda, £25 to £80 do.; porlourmolds, £26to£80do.; car pentola, 8s. to 10s. o-doy ; matons, brlokloyora, blaolc smiths, 8s to 10s. do. ; piok-ond-shovel mon, Cs. to 6s. do ; cotters ond Etoro labourers, 86s. to 46s. «-woek ; qnarrymen, Su. to 0a. por day ; fencers, 2s 8d. to lili. 6d n rod ; splitting potts and roll», 20a to 80s. per 100. SEAMKH'd WAGES. The demand for oblo seamen has bcon moderato-,, and tho supply continuing about equal to tho demand. the roto of wages romains ot £4 per month for alt voy ogos. CARTAGE. There toa bsen moro loading offering; for the country districts during tho Uat day or two, but prices oro still too umcttled to atlord correot quotations. SHIPPING OP THE MONTH. POKT OF MELBOURNE. AJUUVAIS AND Ol.BAIUNCES B1NCK OUR LAST SUHUAHT [B., British ; A., Amorican ; Au., Austrian ; Da.» Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., Frontil ; Ch., Chillan ; P., Fortugticso ; H., Hamburg ; N., Norwegian ; S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian; Bolg., Belgian ; Br., Bromen ; Pr., Prusdion ; a., ship ; b., barquo ; br., brig ; so., schooner ; st., steamer.] Match AiiKiVKD. 26\. Orwoil, B. s., 1,2C0, U. Quin, London.-W. P, Wbito and Co 26\. Queen of Beauty, B. a, 1,281, B. Chapman, Liverpool - Lright Brothori and Co. 26 Melbourno, B. s , 800, J. Cameron, Leith.-Miller and Johnson. 27 lil tool Wales B at, 000, T Buckland, London. -V 1* Vii Ho and Co 27 Mary Bcotl B » , 688, G H'Hardlo, Otago, N Z. i - Urlght Droitiers and Co 28\. Cecre ps, D» t, 878, J Davidson, Mauritius - Fanning, hat klvel!, and Oo 20\. Humboldt, A a, 714, J B Edwards, Dunedin, N Z - Captain 29 New Great Britain, B a, 671, G F Trador, Bluff Barbour, M - -B Towna and Oo £0 Tell, H b, 286, A. J Koch, Batavia-Captain 30 Loi el Raglan, li a , 754, T By bert, Bluff Harbour, N ¿ -Boluca, White, and Co 80 Eva-llna Rut or, A te, 287, J Cha e, Charente. -Bligh and Harbutt le 80 Cólica H b, 266 HT Iplaiid, Hamburg-S. Bakowtkl 30 Lady Agnei Duff, B b, 875, W S Braco Mauri, tlus - Joshua Brothers 80 Dolftskavei, D b, 560, O (champ Bctterdam -« Joehua Brothers 80 Bartlet Armitage, B b, 109 T Smith, Foo- chow Foo - Fanning, Nanklvoll, and Co 80\. Conference, B s, 631, J O lowlands, Mauritius. -Biii.11 Erothtis and Co 80 Star of India, B a , 1,607, P Buchan, Liverpool. -Lorimer, Marwood, and Co 31 Victoria H M o »t, 7 gum, W li Normar, Carpentaria (Gulf) SI Minglo M Lean, li. b , 371, A Stewart, Foo-Chow Foo -Fanning, Nankivell, and Co, April 8 Ollvo-branch, B b, 318, D Matthews, Mau- ritius -M di Hoch Sellan, and Co 8 Lady M Donald B a, 632 H P Brumal!, Lon- don -Holmoa, li 1 Ito, and Co 8 Nubia, Ah 600 A O Bay, Newcastle NSW. -Woolley nud Nt phew 4 Ellen B br 242 J Watt, Mauiitt r. -Anderson and afarfht.ll 4 Sophia Koni iL,eng der Ncdcrland, D a , 051, J>, Klein, Rotterdam -claro Brothera and Co / 0 Batavia, H b 450, J B F Grell, U inburg - Tondeur and Co 6 Cotmopoliet, D b, 425 O J Wostonmcrk, Am- sterdam -Molchlt r and Oo C. Bindoo, Da B , 4i0, J Busmlssan, Amsterdam - I Fanning, Nankivell and Oo 0 Marlo et Neillle, F 8,430 P Anglcaii Bordeaux. -Caj tain _ 0\. Palmerston, B. i, 804, J. N. firngrove, London - Bololghs, Daugllib, and Co; 10\. WreiBell Contle, B. b., 816, T. Fottago, Mauritius. -M'Meckan, Blackwood, ord Co. 12, Queen or Auslinllo, B.a. 1,288, G. BudrIf, tiver. pool.-Gibbs, Ronald, and Oo. 12\. Caspian, B. s., 1,018, W. Ivans, London.-Byam ond Co. 12\. Seaman's Bride, A B., 7Í8, A. B. Wycean, Otago. -Captain. 16\. Abbot Laurance, A. a., 1,668, If. F. Pot lei son. Otago -Captain. 16\. Kion Piimon, 8 a., 703, O. E. Bothen, Gottenborg. -Mclcbolr and Co. 17\. MadroB, B. Bt, 1,260, J. B. Bt'od, Point do Qt'lo, \- J. SparkeB, 18\. Tubal Cain, A. a., 604, O. H. Oloik, Wallaroy 8. A -Bayward and Co. l8. Swlltsnr«, B s., 1,820, M.B Kayhovv, London. W. P. Whl o and Co. 21\. Lillies, B B.,l,6ri6,W. F. Bell, put,bock.- Lorlawr. Marwood, and Co 21\. Vortlgern, B. B" 010, W. Dow, Otago.-Douglass, Do Little, and Co. 22\. Bhawmut, A. s., 1,110, Merrill, Bluff Harbour, N.Z.-Captain. 28\. Genii, B. a, 076, W. Murray, Ot-go.-Dalgety anil Co. 28\. Eydra, A re, 460, R. A. Gunn, Otago.-J. Orkney. Maroh ciikAnsn OUT. 27\. Dovor Castle, B. B , 1,002, J. AJICB, London,-W. P. Whito and Co. 27\. Heligoland, Br. s., 778, B. O. Stoltz, Batavia. ~ Joshua Brothers. 27\. J. G. Richardson, A s., 802, G. H. Kondall, Oallao. -Slobol ord Co. 27\. Matilda, A. s, 090, R. Loo, Newcastle, N.S W. B Towna and Co. £8. Maty K. Bay, B b., 450, II. Green, Otago. Adams and Co. 28\. Olthona, U. s, 760, W. Holmes, nong Kong. Kong Morg and Oo. l8. Solway, D a, 010, W. H. Duguid, Guam.-Blight Brothers and Co {0. Lombard, A. B" 256, N. Hoidlrg, Dunedin, N.Z. Lord ond Co. .; pin 1\. Cores, S. br., 213, P. Thcmion, Guam.-J. BV Wero ond Co. 1, Mountain Wave, A. a, 083, - Hardy, Otago. Osborn, Gushing, ond Co. 1\. Jupiter, D. s , 407, J. 0. Hoyrup, Hong Konj. Kong Meng and Co. 1\. Fatthonlo, A. s" 810, W. Hinton, Caloutlo.-Wif klnton Brothers. 1\. Samuel Falos, A. s, 762, J. L. Randall, No scastlf),;, N.8.W -Montello, o and Oo. 1, Robert Psssonger, B. b, 440, W. Francis, Otago-, -Douglas«, De Llttio, and Oo. 2\. OleiiFboo, B. b., 320, W. Buick, Newcastle, N.S W -Captain. 2\. Hairy Bluff, A. s., 1,251, S. O. Rodman, Oolloo. R. Towna and Co. 2\. Success. Belg. b ,660, R. WyttonLovon, Akyab - Ml ¡choir aud Co 8\. Ocean Homo, B. B , 600, G, E. Cresswell, Point da Gallo -Lorimer, Morarood, ond Co. 8\. Star Klrg, A. s., 1,170, B. Ganfield, Anjer Point. Contain. 6\. Joshua Batís, A. 8,020, J. S. Clarke, Otago - Kong Meng and Co. 8\. Ann MolhulBh, B. b, 863, D. Williams, Nowoutlo, N.B.W.-Joshua Brothers. 8\. Marie Amello, F. b, 2S3, J. RoztJ, Sydney.-Our- dir and Adot. 8, Regulator, A. s., 076, A. W. Holbrook, Son J?r»n clioo.-Holme», White, ond Oo. 0, Lord Raglan, B B , 754, T. Uybort, Bluff Harbour N.Z.-Bolraos, White, ond Oo. 10\. EUzo Blonoho, 1). br., 170, J. Grlmo, Guim - Dalga»y ond Co. 10\. Heniiolta Browls, B. b., 276, W. Jackson, Cal- cutta -Wot Hey ond Nephew. 10\. Now Groat Britain, B.b., 671, G. F. Trader, Built Harbour, U.Z.-R. Towns ona Co. 10\. Suffolk, B. a, 076, J. B, Martin, London.-W. P. Whito ond Co. U. Bbac-tamaxon, B. I.. 090, J. B. Toulon, Point d9 Gallo -Blight Brothers ond Co. 12\. Eureka, A. a., 818, B N. Cutler, Otogo.-Dodl ond Thomson. 12\. Formosa, B b., 880, J. Lowrie, London.-Joshua Brothers 12\. Lady Agnes Duff. B. b., 871, W.'B. Brnco, Bakor's Island.-Joshua Brothers. 14, Humboldt, A B, 714, J. a Edwards, Bon Frm olico.-Lord and Oo. 14\. Lllllos. B. s., 1,(06, W. F. Bell, Liverpool.-Lori- mer, Marwood, and Co. 16\. Mary Scott. B s.. 6B0, G. H'Hardy, Manilla - Bright Brothers ond Co. IE. Cocropa, A b" 878, J. Davison, Nogotokl.-Fin- nin;, Nankivell, nnd On. ' 16\. Celina, B. b , 266, H. F. Ipland, Wellington, N.Z. -Cáptalo. 16\. Tell, H 1»., 280, A. J. Kocb, Petropauloikol Captain. 17\. Morco PoU, B a, 1,626, W. M. Arnold, Livcr Sool.-Blight Brother« ond Co. uisex, B B., 05», R. Hodgon, London.-W. P. White omi Co. ","""", 22\. Quton rf England, B. !.. 1,100, M. Noloi, UuBm.-MichuliP, Boyd, ond Co. Í8. Australl», A. f., 669, G. Hopkins, Baker*» Island - EowcllondCo. 2B. 8t Jean, V. ?.. 638, A. Le Borjtont, Otago, N Z-Ourcurond Adot» fP Vertaillcs A I, 5f0, B. F. Shfrlmrro Dilior J Island.-0?br.'n fuihl-g, and Co. 