TOWN TALK AND TA11LE CHAT. A local contemporary recently made an attempt to apply and explain the meaning of tbc quaint hut expressive term ' skedaddle,' Irat it was only an at tempt, and proved a miserable failure. The Montreal correspondent to the Cana dian News says :— ' The creat American civil war has added several new words to our vocabulary. It may not be proper to call them contributions to the language, although tiiey will, many of them, appear in name future edition of 'Webster's American Dictionary of the English Lan guage.' A ' contraband ' is a negro slave. General Butler must be credited with this coinage, for he decided that the slaves of ' rebel masters ' wore contiw wnssmdto be over-fond of plui S depredations Bat of all the wo £ brought forth by the war there i« , ' that compares with the great term Z ... vogue -'Hkcdnddlel-'-Ai, Kff scattered, hurried retreat, or fliL'ht ,' i-tratc-u! movement is a skedaddle Where the word came from I know Z{ but it ia, as well as tho movement mrf. I Vi£ 'S Iu fulmljal' use by the Fcdn rals. Ihe hitest application of this ele gai.ttcrmisto the flight of many thot sand Americans from the conscription The 'skedaddle to Canada' affords the i-ederal .journalists food for mirth, or hi dignation as the humor takes them TV Historical Magazine for the current month says that this word may be easily traced to a Greek origin, and that the or iginal word is used by at least two Greek historians in reporting the dispersion of routed armies. A correspondent of the Magazine thus speaks of skedaddle -—It is both of Swedish and Danish origin and has been in common use for sovcm! years through the north-west, in the vi cinity of immigrants from those nations It is i Americanised only in orthography ? the Swedes spelluig it skuddadalll, while the Danes speU it skyedcddhehl' both having precisely the same significotion I ins phrase is also becoming Indiauisod at least among the Sioux, who fmquentlv use it iu place of their word poch-a-chee which signifies ' clear out,' ''go off' Ac' 1 will also add that the Swedes use the word skudda and the Danes the word skycdemtlic same sense as wo use the word scud. f2!l;s^-,tllc S™;-. Bicluniion, Bom. .uiu, juuri'isuu, viuiKer, and tattan, re turned from their tour through Bass' straits, iu the ' Flyiug Arrow,' ou Satur day last. They left the Tamar Heads ou rucsday, the 14th nltimo, and have vi sited Clarke's, Ruin, Badger, Preservation Uiappell, Uoose, and Prime Seal Islands' At tlie latter place they found at anchor U.aLb. Orpheus, bearing the broad pen nant of Commodore Burnett— as well as the steam frigates Miranda, and Fawn ihey were most hospitably entertained' on board H.ALS. Orpheus, where they remained two days, and by die officers ot which splendid vessel tiiey were kindly Sunday week the Rev. Mr. Richardson solemnised Divine Service, on board ILM.S. Miranda, that vessel not having a Chaplain on board. Mr. Richardson christened several of the children at the Islands, and preached to the Islanders on Chappell Island on Thursday week Commodore Burnett complained sadly of the extortion of the Marine Board in l-iaunccston, in charging him pilotage upon the visit of Ids ship to the Heads some throe weeks since to laud the mails' He stated that it was his intention to have called here for supplies, and would probably have spent some tliree or four thousand pounds amongst the trades people ot tins town, but as he had been m scurvily used by the Marine Board of Laimceston, aud treated as he had never been in any other British port in the world, he would not allow one of Her Majesty's ships to call at Launceston again whilst he hiid charge of the station. The Or pheus sailed on Monday week for Hobart lown, (at which jmrt she is free from port charges of any kind) via Oyster Cove, and passed through the Channel between Badger and Goose Islands, the first pas sage of a large ship that has been made through that narrow channel. H.M..S Orpheus will, it is expected, remain at ilobart lowu ior two months, and Com modore Burnett has determined to moor his ship off Pavilion Point, above Go vernment House, near where die Obser vatory formerly stood We are requested by the excursionists by tho ' Flying Arrow,' to express their best acknow ledgments to the Commodore and offi cers of H.MS. Orpheus, for the great hospitality aud kindness shewn them whilst on board that ship wluch they say they will always remember. ? The Bin.i: match bct\vw;n ten mem iers of the Launccston and ten of the ..vruuiv .lw»*ii .?nwncij' came on at o o'clock on Saturday afternoon. On the announcement of the result of the firing at the 200 and 300 yards ranges, showing a majority of 19 points and hits in favor of the Hobart Town Artillery, it was con sidered that tho Launceston men were beaten, and on returning to town, tiiev were surprised to find by the final un' uounccment of the firing at the 400 yards transmitted by Electric Telegraph that' they were the victors by 21 points and hits. J lie cause of the low scores made at the shorter ranges, was the fitful gusts of north erly wind which blew rijrht across the liiw otlire, rendering it impossible to keen the nfle steady or to take a proper aim. The Uohart Town Artillery had also to fire uuder the disadvantage of a stroug fea breeze blowing. Five shots were fired at each of the two shorter ranges and ten shots at the 400 yards range— we subjoin the scores : — HOBART TOWN AJlTHXEBy. TABUS. f !»!»'« TOW. I Ural. O-DoylF, ... ... 4 4 4 4 1 J_lB !6-S» Sergl.lfnjor Sf.aahy, ... 4 3 3 3 5 6-1 J 11-2.1 SenteantPIlt ? * 3 8 6 11 b_sj |j_-o Corporal Randall, ? 6 5 3 2 3 a-ia 10-2J ' Barcl»-- ? 4 4 1 1 i j_ e b-12 nombanller RWilrd.oD, » B 4 4 4 3-l« IJ-ir Gunner l'r.lt ? 4 4 113 3-4 l-l* Olicrry, ? 5 0 s 3 o t-it u-u Hopkins ? S 3 1 1 3 3- J t-l* Uirtaln Billoa, ? 6 4 16 8 1— 23 10-59 H 01 9| 13| HO 95L 