THE NEWS. Our American cousins appear to have imitated the conduct of the prudent and nutioiu navigator, who, discovering the indi Mtionsofa cominz squall, takes in his stud ding-Balls, furb his skyscrapers, and puts a reef or two in hu canvas generally. The furious menaces of the Press hnvo been with drawn, greater moderation pcrrades tho cx presjion of feeling, and a healthier tone exist a in relation to the two countries. No rightly thinking man can do otherwise thin rejoice that the prospect of hostilities is receding. Sincerely do we hope that, aa England is never likely to be imposed upon again bj the old Bobadflism of America, so our descendants will prove themselves to hare the true stamina of the Anglo-Saxoa race stiU at the foundation of their social character as a people, and will ?how that they combine prudence and courage with their high pretensions. The Trent aftair seems to have been quietly permitted to pass into the limbo of American troubles, without an attempt at interrupting its descent. Earl Kusseli's promised despatch to ifr. Seward, in answer to hia lengthy expla nation for the course taken by the Washington Cabinet, left nothing more to be desired. Had .the event occurred to a vessel of our conti nental ally, vre are disposed to believe no past reminiscences of friendship would have pre vented the astute Emperor from dashing into the conflict between North and South with a vigorous eflort. Eeport say3 that, while he admired British forbearance, he gave unequi vocal expression to the feeling we have noted, . adding, ' You are too respectable.' If any ill-will still remain at the energetic aspect auumed by the British people, we may hope it will gradually be dissipated when the Jfortherners allow calmness to pervade (hejr reflection* on tho provocation under which the English Ministry acted. Whatever may ?» the differences each nation exhibits in sstimating the lamentable strife which has rent asunder the United States, there is oue point in which the British people, both in their jwn islands and in every dependeucy, univer sally agree ; it is that the result of the conflict, bowercr it may terminate, will ultimately uompel the abolition of slavery. Should the Jforth determine on abandoning the see-saw policy with which it has dealt with this fearful evil, and proclaim its intention to make aboli tion a part of its future programme, the point at issue will then be grasped by both the com batants, not with firmness alone, but a (lagged obstinacy. Hitherto the uncertain sound given by the North ha3 failed to enlist on its side the sympathies of Europe. It is true that the slavery question underlies the whole contest, but it only erops out here and there, where it is silted up, ss the geologists say of sedimen tary strata, by the sudden intrusion from violent action below of some other topic ,on which it has hitherto quietly reposed. That the chances of war are considerably diminished is clear from the permission gives to the military force of the Canada expedition to pass through Maine. It was unquestionabl. s bold step of Mr. Seward to give such a proof of a desire to maintain amicable relations with England ; and, recollecting some of his previous extravagances as to hia hostile intentions, we may hope official, life has done for bun what it has done for many other enthusiastic ipirits — sobered .their faculties, and taught them that cool judgment, and not passion, must sway the mind of a true statesman. Itu difficult to gather from the Northern papers a fair account of the occurrences which teem recently to have been favourable to the Federal cause. Only in the last mail there ft-ere specific accounts of a great victory ichieved by a General Nelson, which dwindled lown, in a post or two, to a mere skirmish, without advantage. We have now accounts -f another seaboard expedition, under Ge leral Burnside, directed to another part of Sortk Carolina. Roanoie Island is at the month of Albemarle Sound, and it has been occupied by the Federalists after a severe con Let.' Elizabeth Town, on the mainland, is hreateued, just as Beaufort was menaced by he occupation of Port Boval; but the cha racter of the country U the beet defence against iny advance far into the interior. This isolated garrisoning of the cnemj's seacoast ii compara tively imffective while ita commerce is per manently interrupted by the blockade ; and ire do not believe it is productive of such an imount of annoyance to the Carolinians as will repay the cost and inactivity of large masses of troops. Some energy appears to have been displajed in Tennessee and Ken tucky. A recently-erected earthwork, called Fort Henry, on the eastern bank of the Tennessee River, has been taken by the Federal:?, after a sharp attack by gunboats, tupported by a detachment of troops. Another affair at Somerset, in Kentucky, has resulted disastrously for the Confederates; their General being mortally wounded, Lis 'jllowers took to flight. The Northern writers represent these events as having :ast a gloom over the South, and the hopes of the Federalists are quickened accordingly. No advance, however, has been attempted en the Potomac. There the two armies fctiH remain in the same inactivity ; and, as winter had set in, no forward movement could be looked for before April or May. We wish we could encourage any expectation . that this intervening period of repose, enforced by the necessities of a rigorous season, could be em ployed to effect a settlement of this wicked war. If the Abolitionists have such influence as they profess, let them resolve on separating themselve* from the slaveholding community peaceably, and wash their hands of the sin. Their Union will then be stronger in right and in moral power than with such a gangrene on their national frame as the Southern States have ever been. Continental affairs are on the whole satis factory. The French Chambers were, as our last newi informed us, opened by Louis Napoleon in person, and his speech elicited applause. In tho discussion thereon con siderable vivacity was displayed, and Prince Napoleon gave utterance to strong sentiments in connection with the Roman question. Every thing indicates that tho end is approaching. Prussia was daily expected to acknowledge the Italian Kingdom, which will be another step towards the fulfilment of the wishes of the Italian people, who will never be satisfied till their flag waves on the Castle- of St. Angelo. The unity of Germany h evidently an event not very distant. If Prussia, as it, is designed, accomplishes thu object, under her own pro tectorate, another blow is inevitably itruck at the Austrian Empire. The British Parliament is in full session. The Boyal Speech, delivered by commiesion, has no particular feature calling for remark. Of course the lamented death of the Prince Consort is the first topic ; and we apprehend no very distinct party operations will distin guish the present session. Among the Government measures to be introduced is one thus spoken of in the Speech:— 'Her Majesty commands us to inform you that measures for the improvement of the law will be hud before you, and among them will be a Bill for rendering the title to land more simple and its transfer more easy.' We ob lerve that on the 17th February Lor J Chan cellor Westbury explained the nature of his proposed measure, and exposed the costliness and complexity of the present system. Hia plan appears to be the giving indefeasible titles on registration. The old Law Lords were all on the tpti rise — Lard St. Leonards, approving the principle, doubted the working of the machinery. Lord Cranworth has at last been delivered of two Bills of his own on the same ?ntnM-t--&nd; Lord Chelmsford had also been ncuoaung, ana uau uaicueu vwu x-iua ; uuu m the hut noble Lord's motion the whole five irere laid on the table, and all of them read a Irsttime. It ia not easy to foretel whether he people will get a really good and safe neasure out of these probably conflicting Bills, -ut it is evident tho wedge is in. An important discussion has been originated -y Mr. Goldwin Smith. This gentleman is Professor of History at Oxford, and appears to lave very advanced opinions. Ha has recently jiven forcible reasons, in the Oxford theolo ?ical controversy, for regarding the connection )f Church and State as the great question of ;he age. He now appears to have taken up the policy of detaching the colonies from the mother-country. The question 13 one we must discuss at large, but we notice it now as a re markable step in political speculation. The heir apparent ha3 departed on his pro jected Eastern tour. lie appears to travel in good company, Canon Stanley being hi3 in tended companion. A marriage is spoken of aa probable between His Royal Highness and the Princess Alexandrina of Glucksburg, the eldest daughter of the heir presumptive of the Danish Crawn. The circle in which our Princes can select a partner is 'limited, since they are necessarily confined to Protestant Courts. It is a good while since the Boyal Family went so far north ; but the Danes are, to a considerable extent, of our own lineage, and notwithstanding one or two ugly affairs at the commencement of the cen tury, in which we were unwillingly hostile, the general pacific and friendly relations of the Northern Protestant Kingdom with Great BriUin render such an alliance a vise one, politically considered. All her loyal subjects will be pleased to t mow that Her Majesty is gradually recovering j rom the shock she sustained bj the death of the Prince Consort. Her own children appear :o have assidaously fulfilled their filial duties, ind other relatives have aided, by their presence, in affording the Queen all the suppovt and isiistance which respect and affection alike iictatcd. __^______^___ The Oeiett.— From a very full account which are publish in another column it appears that a fire broke out on board the Orient, Captain Law rence, on the 2nd January, between the Islands of st. Helena and Ascension. The account is fur nished by a passenger— Mr. Thomas Young Greet —and may be relied on as correct, as Captain Lawrence informs us Mr. Greet had the assistance of the ship's log to guide him in its compilation. The Orient, it will be remembered, left here on the 4th November with a large cargo and a jreat many passengers. The cargo included about 100 cases of objects of various kinds for the Great In ternational Exhibition, which we understand, from letters from Mr. A. L. Elder and the Agent General, are uninjured. Captain Lawrence says be was much indebted, under the trying circum stances in which he was placed, to the noble coc iluct of the gentlemen passengers who cheerfuUy ind unceasingly assisted at the pumps, and also to the fortitude of the ladies, whose calm and heroic iemeanour prevented any confusion during the most perilous moments of the catastrophe. The Bre was not subdued for three days. Two of the Orient's boats, which had been launched and towed astern, were unfortunately smashed and rendered useless by collision with each other, but i Dutch ship providentially hove in sight and took ill the female passengers on board. On arriving tf Ascension Captain Lawrence and his passengers received all necessary assistance and attention. Fliey left that island on the 18th January, and on ;he 21st February sighted the Stait Point. The Fbhxch Line op Mail Steamers.—^ The Pciiang Oa-etie of the 22nd February says: — 'A jrant of land has been obtained at Galle for a lepot for the French line of steamers, and arrange ments have been made for bringing the main line 'rom Suez to Galle and the branch to Madras ami Calcutta into early operation. The continuation if the main line to the eastward will be postponed 'or the present, and it is not likely that steamers rill he laid on it for two years. But the war ttcomers will partially supply their place in the neantime.' English Despatches.— There was a sharp con est on Tuesday morning; on the arrival of the English mail off Glenelg; between the crews oft he \rgus and Louisa, each pulling five oars. The irgiis, which for two years has carried the sway, vas on this fpccasion beaten by the Louisa, the :rew of which consisted exclusively of young men jorn in the colony. The Louisa is employed hy tfr. William Isbister, as the representative, we jclievc, of several mercantile firms in Melbourne md Sydney, and the contest was for the first iransniissioa of telegraphic dispatches to Victoria. ODDFEixowsmP.— The quarterly meeting of the District Officers and Delegates of the South Aus ;ra!ian Order of Oddfellows in connection with the Manchester Unity was held at the Wellington Inn ):i Tuesday. There was a large attendance of Delegates, and a considerable amount of Imsit.css ivas disposed of in a careful and creditable manner. The balance-sheet and Auditors' report gave satis 'actory assurance of the steady profo-ess of this, the most important Benefit Society in the colony. The claims for special gifts .were met with the :haritable discrimination which characterizes the l)nler, and some erring bretliren were dealt with in a stiirit of justiee tempered with mercy. The :rowded state of our columns consequent upon the arrival of the English mail, compels us to hold aver our special report of the Committee's pro ceedings until to-morrow. Female Refuge.— The amount kindly con tributed by His Excellency Sir D. Daly towards the subscription-list for the Female Eefuge was double the sum mentioned in our report of the annual meeting on Monday evening. The Supreme Court.— The Full Court will sit this morning at 10 o'clock to hear motions in law ind equity of which notice has been given. Ix.soLVEXcr Cockt.— Second- class certificates, without suspension, were granted by the Commis sioner of Insolvency on Tuesday, April 15, to \Y. Ulert, H. Elliot, jun., and C. Schntteiius. The examination of W. Moorhouse was further ad journed until Thurs day, April 17, at 2 o'clock. Poucf. Clothing.— Mr. T. G. Brown is the suc cessful teiiderer for the supply of caps and clothing to the police force during the ensuing year. New Devon Mcn--« Company.— A meeting of this Company was called for Tuesday afternoon, at the Grcsham Hotel, 'for the purpose of agreeing to some combined plan of action to be taken at the meeting called by the Directors' for the 25th inst., when it is proposed to consider the question of dissolving the Company. The weather being very tempestuous only four or five of the shareholders were present, and consequently no business was transacted. New Mnoxc Compost.— A prospectus will be found in our advertising columns containing the particulars of a new Company formed to work the Yudanamutana and other mines situated to the north of Port Augusta. It will be also seen that the letter of our London correspondent refers to this Company, and we have seen a private letter which says:— 'Mr. H. Martin has succeeded in selling his mines to a Company for iTO.OOO. He talks of coming out for a short time and arranging to settle in England for good.' From other advertisements besides the prospectus it appears that the new Company are going to commence operations in earnest, and without any delay. Miners and drays in large numbers are advertised to start to the mines at once. Ottr readers will, no doubt, look at the prospectus of this new Com pany for themselves, when they will see that it contains one or two statements which are in correct, though not such as can possibly mislead any person in the colony. Representation of Gumeracha.— A meeting of the electors of Gumeracha was held at the Highercombe Hotel, Teatree Gully, on Tuesday evening, to hear an exposition of Mr. A. B. Murray's political sentiments. The inclement nature oi the weather prevented a large attendance, only between 20 and 30 persons being present, and Mr. R. S. Kelly was voted to the chair. Mr. Murray expounded his views on the leading topics of the day, and those questions which were likely to engage the attention of Parliament during the approaching session. He notified Ills intention of supporting assisted immigration, and of opposing the subsidy of £20,000 a year for the branch postal service to King George's Sound. He expressed himself in favour of religious freedom, and a system of education at the public expense; stated his aversion to pensions; spoke in favour of in ducements being held out for the occupation of the waste lands, and of the representation of pro perty in. Parliament; upheld the Eeal Property Act; and in plain terms intimated his objection to giving pledges. Numerous questions having been put to the candidate and answered in a satisfactory way, a resolution expressive of Mr. Murray's fitness to represent the district was unanimously arried. The meeting closed in the customary manner. Lecture at the Institute.— The course of lectures in connection with the South Australian Institute have been resumed, and on Tuesday evening, April 15, the first of the series was de livered by Mr. G. F. Angas, his subject being 'Recollections of a Tour among the Amazulu Kaffirs.' Mr. Macgeorge presided, and briefly in troduced the lecturer to the meeting. Mr. Angas commenced by inviting the audience to accompany him in a tour to the Amazulu country. Giving a brief but graphic account of his voyage from the Cape of Good Hope, the lecturer proceeded to particularize his tour into the interior, referred to tho American mission stationed amonir the dcodIc ilescrihcd the nature of the country, which he considered to be peculiarly fertile, affording sub sistence to herds of antelopes and other beasts of the forest, and depicted various country scenes. The costume, manners, religion, and pursuits of the inhabitants were all brought under review. The dress was in itself very simple, but was ren dered complicated by a multitude of appendages ind ornaments. In their religious worship they recognised a Supreme Being who guided the des tinies of all mankind, as also the transmigration of souls. Then- manners were simple, and they resided in villages or kraals ordinarily consisting of from for.y to fifty huts. The Amazulus were gene rally warlike, and in every way superior to the other tribes of Kaffirs. They were also acquainted with a method of working the metals. The women performed the principal part of the work. They were in the habit of con structing a very unique kind of basket, which was quite waterproof. The king of the country was despotic, and ruled his subjects with an iron hand. The lecture was illustrated with various original and well executed drawings descriptive of the scenery of the country and the costume of the in habitants, and elicited expressions of applause from the audience on several occasions. At its close Sir. G. W. Francis proposed a rote of thanks to Mr. Angas, and suggested that it would be de sirable for the lecture to be published. The thanks of the meeting having been accorded, the lecturer acknowledged the compliment paid him. and stated that after Thursday he would be happy to place his manuscript at the disposal of the Insti tute. Kino Geoi;ge'3 Souxd.— We hear from a pas senser by the Rangatira that the influenza was very prevalent in King George's Sound last month, and proved very fatal to the natives. Sporting Iicteixigexce.— We regret to liave to record the death of Mr. Coglin's racing mare Cin derella, which was caused a few days ago, at Mount Rapid Station, through her running against the limb of a gum-tree, which penetrated her nearside for several inches. The mare lived about 40 hours after the accident. Cinderella was a very pro mising young blood, and had been put down for this year's St. Leger. She was from Apparition, by Swordsman, the former being from the mare Ella, imported from the fele of Jersey many years ago. 