ADELAIDE : SATURDAY, MARCH 29. 1862. Me. SfiTNETr's 'Account of the Colony of South Australia ' is now finished, and proof sheets have been sent to London with a view to the reproduction of the work in large quantities for distribution at the Great Exhibition. One edition has been, or is being, struck off for cir culation in this colony, and we would suggest that the Government Printer be instructed to work off the whole of the colonial impression without delay, in order that the book may be at once put into circulation. Doubtless many persons will be desirous of possessing the volume, not only for the sake of the information it may afford colonial readers, but especially in order to see what kind of a picture of Sonth Australia the Government artist has 'produced for exhibition at the World's Show. For this pamphlet is avowedly written for perusal in the mother-country, and its contents will be estimated — not in accord ance with the amount of information it supplies to colonists, but in accordance with the impres sions which it is calculated to produce on the minds of people at home. It is not a ?mirror in which we are to see ourselves, but a portrait professedly taken from life — a photo graph of the colony, that others who have not seen us may judge what we are like. .Now, in order that this portrait should fulfil the ends for which it was drawn, the two essen tial requisites are accuracy and completeness. Every representation should be truthful, and everything of importance should be represented. Without exaggeration, and without disparage ment, a work of this description should be also without omissions and defects, as it may be equally mischievous to omit what should be stated as to misstate what is inserted. Apply ing these principles of criticism to Mr. Sinnett'a book we are of opinion that its chief faults con sist of its omissions. Professing to be a Hand book of the Province it ought to have included the pith and substance of whatever might be con sidered useful to the parties for whose guidance it is prepared; but we are bound to say — and will presently show — that its omissions are very numerous, and include many points of real importance. The pamphlet before us differs from most other works as to its origin and intent. It is written by Mr. Sinnett, but it is by order of the Government. 2novf, as the Government are neither authors nor booksellers, they have neces sarily had special objects in view in connection with this work. As already stated, it is written for the mother- country, and is designed to spread abroad information on the subject of this colony. But even the desire on the part of the Government of diffusing reliable information is itself only a secondary motive. The grand rea son for the publication is the hope that it will tend directly to the advantage of the colony. We may assume that the Government hope, by means of fair and truthful representations, to achieve in some measure the following re sults : — 1\. The increase of our population by emigra tion from the parent country. 2\. The introduction of capital. 3\. The creation of markets for our surplus produce. 4\. The improvement of our relations with the Imperial Parliament and Government on all matters of conjoined imperial and colonial policy. Mr. Sinnett is aware of his sins of omission, though he naively observes that he is not going to confess their number and character. He intimates that he would have done better had he had more time, but that with only five weeks allowed him he was unable to effect more than he has done. We can only express our regret that instead of the more complete treatise we have so bad an apology for defectiveness as want of time. The title-page of the pamphlet announces that the work is ' Published under the authority of the South Australian Government.' It is, in other places, described as ' semi-official.' In his pieface the author thus explains the nature of the Ministerial responsibility in connection with the statements and opinions embodied in the work/ ' A suggestion having been made to the Government of South Australia that a brief reliable account of this colony would be a contri bution that might be desirably and advanta geously made to the Great Exhibition of 1862, the duty of preparingthis small volume was confided to myself. W'hile the Government reserved, and have exercised, a certain right of supervision (which it was only just that they should possess, as the work was to be published under authority), it was a matter of understand ing that the official editorship should not extend so far as to destroy the author's right to express individual opinions, and to deal with the subjects he had to write about according to his own method and judgment. Hence, while some fejv passages I had written had been excised, it is not to be understood that the Government endorses every opinion herein expressed, but merely avouches the general truthfulness of my account ; and, for my own part, matters likely to involve conflict of opinion have been as much as possible avoided. The Bemi-official nature of the publication has, however, been of this advan tage to its fullness and accuracy, that the resources of the Government departments have been freely thrown open to me for information ; and, indeed, I have gratefully to acknowledge that in the public offices, as well as among private societies and individuals, I have, with few excep tions, met with the most cordial readiness to afford me all the assistance I asked for.' We understand that the passages ' excised' by the Government related principally to the various Ministerial crises and their causes — matters which were evidently regarded as far too delicate and critical to be dealt with in a book 'published by authority.' The pamphlet consists of about 100 pages, illustrated by an excellent map, and divided into ten chapters. These chapters are arranged in the following order: — I., History of the Colony; H-- Constitutional and Political Changes; 333., General Description of the Colony? TV., Emigration, Wages, Provisions, &c; \- V., Opportunities and Prospects of Various Clas'sesi' VI., The City of Adelaide; VJX, Mines j VIII., BeligioiC and Education* IX, Public Works and Public Institutions ; X., The fieal Property Act. The first chapter gives a succinct and inter esting account of the history of the province, with reference to early explorations, first settlers, and a glance at the several vice-regal changes down to the time of Sir Richard MacDonnell's departure. This is exceedingly well compiled. The next chapter, on Constitu tional and Political changes, is somewhat meagre; but as this has been pruned down very freely, it would scarcely be fair to hold the author respon sible for it. We may, however, say that it contains some sound and useful reflections on things political, and affords information on con stitutional movements which may be new to some of our readers, and will refresh the memories of others. The third chapter consists of a very readable although somewhat super ficial description of the natural features of the colony. Its geological characteristics and its sou's are not in any way described, so that the utmost the reader at home could glean from the book would be that parts of the country are fertile, and parts are not. The fourth chapter deals with emigration ; and here the author has evidently felt the difficulty of his position, as he balances the pros and cons for a long time, and with so much scrupulosity that one is led to wonder whether he will give a decision at all^ Eventually he decides in favor of immigration, and finishes the chapter with the new Govern ment regulations, and some tables showing rates of wages and prices of provisions. There is, however, no attempt to describe the homes of the working-classes, no reference to their social status, their political privileges, no allusion to benefit societies, building societies, savings banks, or any other of those numerous organisations which so largely contribute to a working-man's ?comfort, and which afford such useful criteria by which to judge of his condition. The working men of Britain will, however, read that in the month of March potted butter was 'nominal ;'? that there were ' artichokes, none ;' ' aspara gus, none ;' ' seakale, none ;' ' bananas, none ;' 'jblackberries, none ;' ' limes, none ;' ' med lars, none ;' ' pineapples, none ;' ' shaddocks, none,' and many other things, ' none.' He will likewise ascertain that horseradish ia 3d. to 6d. a stick ; garlic, 9d. per lb. ; parsley, Id. per bunch ; trombones (not musical), 4d. to 8d each ; paccan nuts, Is. per lb., and so on. The fifth chapter treats of the opportunities and prospects of various classes, and we need not say that our author could scarcely hope to do justice in eleven pages to the affairs of capital lists, lawyers, doctors, engineers, merchants, shopkeepers, squatters, agriculturists, vignerons, and laboring men of all descriptions. The idea of this chapter is good, but it is imperfectly carried out. There is nothing about our bank ing operations, nothing about our land system, nothing about our import and export trade generally, nothing about our exports of wheat, flour, and wool in particular, nothing about the value of our mortgages, nothing about shipping insurance, nor licences, nothing about the Dis trict Councils. The shops and streets of Adelaide are very well described, but the sub urban districts are omitted, and there is no information as to house-rent, and very little as to local taxation. The climate, a matter of so much interest to most people is not re ferred to, nor is the thermometer nor the rain guage put into requisition. There is nothing said about the general healthiness or otherwise of the community, nor any reference to the vital statistics of the province. There is nothing about the rising manufactories of the colony, nor anything about its means of communication with England or with the other Australian colonies. The mines are very well described in chapter seven, and religion and education — particularly the former — in chapter eight. Had the author, however, given some slight information on the subject of the newspaper literature of the pro vince it might not have been out of place in a chapter dealing with schools, institutes, and other educational organisations. The ninth chapter catalogues most of our principal public works and buildings, although a little informa tion on the subject of our various minor sea ports would have been acceptable ; and the tenth amd hist chapter consists of a compendious description of the Seal Property Act, written by Mr. Torrens himself. We do not know that it is desirable to quote extracts ; we presume the Government will sell the work at a very low price, and that it will soon be in everybody's possession. Tiie author states in his preface that he has avoided' all coloring, and has written as impartially as if he had been furnishing information to his own brother. We think him fairly entitled to take credit for this — at all events, we have not detected anything like bias. The pamphlet, in spite of its omissions, contains a large mass of useful information, interspersed with occasional pieces of humorous description, or quaint com ment. In alluding to shortcomings we by no means wish to disparage what is written. In fact, we have simply fulfilled the expectations of the author by indicating omis sions of which he confessed himself conscious. It must be remembered that the whole of the official records of the Government were placed at Mr. Sinnett's disposal, and not only the records, but it would seem the officers also. Our author has therefore enjoyed rare and singular advantages for exhausting the subject en trusted to his care, and our only regret upon closing the book is that he did not have other five weeks' time and another hundred pages. We find oubselve8 compelled to say a few more words about the Destitute Asylum. The reports and comments that have appeared in the papers on the subject of that institution have procured us a visit from one of its officers, who considers that the whole question of the condi tion of the establishment and its management have been placed before the public in an exag gerated form ; and that, with regard to the in stitution generally, it is by no means ' so black as it is painted.' We need scarcely say that we can have no possible inducement to disparage the management of the Destitute Asylum, nor any private or public interest in urging the Government to needless expenditure on its behalf. We have no wish to see either prisoners or paupers better fed and better treated than the self-supporting and hard-working poor ; but, at the same time, it is essential that our asylums and gaols should be clean, wholesome, and arranged with a view to the preservation of good morals. And if we have reason to sup pose that these establishments are the reverse of this, it is then a public duty to call attention to the fact, and not only to call attention to it, but to keep the question before the public eye until the necessary reforms and improvements are effected. Complaints in reference to the Destitute Asylum are not new, for years past the establish ment has been condemned as unworthy of the resources and reputation of the colony. Through \ means of an article which appeared in the columns of our contemporary the question has, however, been again raised, and (in consequence of the prompt action taken by the Chief Secre. tary) promises this time to attain to a practical settlement. The hon. gentleman, in conjunction with several of his colleagues, paid a visit of inspection to the establishment ; and the follow ing letter, addressed to Mr. Holthouse, embodies the opinions and impressions of the Government as the result of their visit : — 'Chief Secretary's Office, Adelaide, March 12, 1862. ' Sir — I have the honor by the Chief Secretary's direc tions to inform you that since bis receipt of yonr letter of the 7th instant, he lias visited the Destitute Asylum,, in com pany with other responsible Ministers, upon whose minds and his own, he regrets to say, that the inspection of the establishment has produced a most unsatisfactory impres sion. Doubtless much ot this is due to tne character of the building itself, which is obviouBly no longer suitable for the purpose for which it was erected. On this subject tlie Chief Secretary will be glad to receive a full report from the Board, together with any suggestions they may consider it desirable to make as to the future arrangement of the Asylum. ' There are, however, some serious defects in the present arrangements and management of the establishment, which should earlier have been brought under the notice of the Government, and which are susceptible of speedy remedy. ' 1st. As regards persons under active medical treatment ; these should in all cases be removed to the Colonial Hospital. '2nd. As regards persons lu a dying state ; these should, as maefi as possible, be kept apart from the other inmates of the Asylum. The dying struggle of a man cannot but exer cise a painful and depressing influence on the many sick and infirm by whom he is surrounded. '? 3rd. As regards lying-in women, it is indecent and dis graceful in a civilized country that the straggles of child-' birth should take place in a public room crowded with females. The Chief Secretary will therefore instruct the Colonial Surgeon to appropriate a separate ward to the reception of destitute lying-in women until improvements in the buildings of the Destitute Asylum are effected. '4th. As regards ventilation, this is in many portions of the building very faulty, and may be improved with little trouble or cost. '5th. As regards the cleanliness of the children, the Chief Secretary cannot but think that if sufficient attention had been paid to the children in this respect their heads could not have been in such a state as they were when he saw them. With water laid on to the building there is no reason why proper baths should not be supplied for the use of the children, and on your requisition for them the Go vernment will at once sanction the necessary outlay. 'I have, &c.;, 'O. K. Richardson, Under Secretary.' On Thursday, March 20, the members of the Destitute Board met for the purpose of examining the building, inspecting the inmates, and generally to consider the whole ?question of the state and management of the institution. The Chief Secretary's letter was read, and also a letter written by Mr. Holthouse in reply to the Chief Secretary. The letter last alluded to was withheld from our reporter, and it therefore was not published with the report of the proceedings of the Board, but having obtained a copy from the Chief Secre tary's Office, we now lay it before our readers. ' Destitute Board Office. March 18, 1862. ?« Sir — I have honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 12th inst., pointing out the defective arrange ments of the Destitute Asylum, and recording the unfavo rable impressions produced on the minds of the Ministry at their their recent inspection of the premises. *' I would beg to state that your letter was submitted to the Board at its meeting on Thursday last, when it was resolved to make the subject of the buildings the business of a special meeting called for the 20th current. Any sugges tions the Boavd may then deem it desirable to offer in refe enoe to the future management of the Asylum will be for warded to the Government, with the Board's report, in accordance with your wishes. ' I would, however, take the liberty of offering a few remarks on the defective management of the Asylum, as pointed out in your letter of date above referred. ' 1st. Ab regards persons under active medical treatment, ' lying-in women, and persons in a dying state' (paragraphs I, 2. and 3), I may remark that the subject of the removal of these cases to the Adelaide Hospital was brought under the notice of the Government by the late Comptroller, Mr. Moorhouse, as early as July, 1856, and subsequently by myself in December of the same year. The result of this correspondence was the adoption of the course now recommended, namely, the removal of those cases (with the exception of the lying-in women) to the Adelaide Hospital, which practice was strictly adhered to till the present Colonial Surgeon took office. ' 2nd. As regards ventilation. This has frequently been a subject of correspondence with the Government, but with the exception ot a te.v alterations in the men's ward no further, outlay was sanctioned, although frequently asked for by requisition. ' 3rd. As regards the cleanliness of the children. I would beg to observe that every child in the school receives a bath every morning, and is thoroughly washed every even ing before being put to rest. The eruption on the children's heads was pointed out to the Colonial Surgeon on its first appearance, and the medical treatment ordered by that gen tleman has been carried out. '1 he question of butlis has also been urgcDtly pressed on the notice of the Government both by letter and requisition, but the outlay was considered an unnecessary expense, and was objected to on those grounds. ' I have, &o.; ' vi. W. Holthodse, Secretary.' This letter, although to a certain extent shifting the blame from the Destitute Board to former Governments, does not remove the objections contained in the Chief Secretary's letter. There is one very remarkable passage in the reply of Mr. Holthouse. That gentleman states that persons under active medical treatment, and persons in a dying state had been removed to the Hospital ' till the present Colonial Surgeon took office P' the natural construction of this sentence being that when the present Colonial Surgeon took office, he caused the sick and dying to be retained in the Asylum. We should have regarded this as a palpable error, were it not for paragraphs 1 and 2 in the Chief Secretary's letter, which seems to imply that the sick and dying were kept in the Asylum at the time of his visit. There may, however, be some mis conception on this point, and if so our present remark will doubtless lead to explanation. As to the charge of lying-in-women being confined 'in a public-room crowded with females,' Mr. Holthouse's letter neither denies nor excuses it, and we must, therefore, accept the allegation as true. Mr. Holthouse substantially admits the Chief Secretary's complaints about t'he want of ventilation, but throws the onus upon the Go vernment, who, though 'frequently asked,' failed to obtain the funds necessary for improve ments in this direction. Finally, as to the eruption on the children's heads, it is ad mitted ; but as respects cleanliness, it is affirmed that ' every child receives a bath every morn ing ;' yet from the last paragraph in Mr. Holt house's letter, it would seem that there are no baths in the establishment. We are informed that the children receive their bath in a tub, but we are not informed how many children are washed in the same water. Bathing in tubs is, under any circumstances, a very unsatisfactory mode of procedure, though of course the managers of the establishment cannot do better, unless supplied with proper appliances. On the whole — and looking at Mr. Holthouse's letter as an answer to the Chief Secretary's — we are bound to declare our opinion that it signally fails to remove the very unsatisfactory impression produced by the latter, although on the other hand it goes far toward exculpating the superintendent of the institution. With the arrangements of the establishment so essentially faulty, and its furniture and appliances so in sufficient and defective, it is clearly impossible that any system of management could ensure a satisfactory result. Management will not com pensate for want of room, want of ventilation, and want of apparatus. In our Saturday's impression a paragraph appeared which the officers of the establishment think bears unfairly upon them. We would, however, again remark that the officials of the institution are not necessarily responsible for the results of over-crowding and defective appli ances.. For example, if we compared some portions of the place to a pigstye, it can hardly be said that the comparison was unwarrantable when it is admitted that the women take all their meals and do their work upon their beds ! A number of women all eating, drinking, working, and sleeping in the same room, must rather remind one of a pigstye than of the home of human beings, and professing Christians ; but whilst we thus think the simile not altogether unwarrantable, we are very far from holding the officials responsible for such a state of things, If there is no dining-room, of course the inmates must get their dinners where they can. With reference to the circumstance that the children are sometimes to be seen in ragged clothes and worn-out boots, it has been explained to us that often when women are sent to gaol for a week or other brief period, their children (clothed in rags) are placed in the Destitute Asylum, and that it would not be just to the community to give these children a new outfit, which would, perpaps, be sold for drink as soon as they were taken out of the Asylum. The officers of the institu tion affirm that they have a deal of trouble with persons who often enter, a mass of rags, purely in the expectation of getting a new rig out. Wo doubt there is much force in this represen tation, and it would perhaps be well, if there were a kind of Asylum uniform adopted, which inmates on their first arrival should be supplied with ; their own clothes being in the meanwhile fumigated, and returned to them on departing. The uniforms might then undergo a similar process of cleansing before being supplied to fresh arrivals. We understand that new counterpanes are to be supplied in place of the dilapidated articles referred to by our reporter, and we will there fore say no more about the bedding, especially as the Board will doubtless report officially upon this as well as upon other matters pertain ing to the institution. As respects the con dition of the children's heads, we are informed that the eruption is what is known as ' scald head,' and that they are quite free from vermin. It remains, however, to be shewn that even the malady above specified could not have been averted in connection with better- sanitary arrangements and more vigilant superintendence. We need hardly, in the present day, point out the great importance of all]public institutions, in which large numbers of persons are congregated being kept in the most scrupulously clean and wholesome condition. The question is a much broader one than that of the simple health of the inmates. Humanity teaches us to care for that; justice demands .that where the State assumes the custody or the charge of large num bers of human beings, their health should not suffer through the neglect of the State. But whilst this is the starting-point of the argument, its bearings are very much wider and more general. The walls of a prison and the enclosures of an Asylum cannot prevent the egress of disease. We cannot draw a cordon sanitaire around an infected establishment. It is only a week or two since we read of the cholera breaking out in a prison at Mauritius, the prisoners sentenced for minor offences being in consequence of the outbreak released, and their liberation being the means of spreading the disease all over the country. And, still more striking example, the malaria engendered by bad drainage and want of proper sanitary arrangements in the tower of Windsor pene trated the abode of royalty, and made the Queen a widow. Nor can we tell what might be the consequences of an epidemic in the Gaol, the Destitute Asylum, or the Stockade. We repeat, then, that not only for the sake of the inmates of these establishments, but for the safety and health, of the community in general, the most perfect sanitary arrangements should be carried out, and the most unceasing and vigilant superintendence be maintained. Fob some teabs past the Victorian papers have been anticipating the day when it would be no longer necessary to import breadstuffs from South Australia ; and, as if that day had not only come, but gone, they are now taking another onward step, and are discussing the question of how to dispose of their surplus wheat ! The Melbourne Herald, in its agricul tural article, first speaks of the likelihood of home-grown supplies being ' sufficient without foreign importations,' and thence proceeds to consider ' the chances we shall have this year or the next of running of some of our surplus into ther markets of the world.' This is, certainly, going ahead with a vengeance; and, although these statements may to some extent be regarded as ' puffs,' yet there can be very little doubt with regard to the rapid development of the agricultural interest in the colony of Victoria. In fact, Victoria is already exporting con siderable quantities of breadstuffs to Otago ; and, although we believe she will this year be compelled to import for every bushel she exports, and probably more, we cannot conceal from, ourselves the fact that this outlet for South Australian produce is rapidly closing against us. The breadth of land under wheat in Victoria is fast increasing, and the yield being superior to our own, the result will very shortly be — if it is not already attained — a harvest which will place Victoria above the necessity of importing either wheat or flour from external markets. In harmony with this view of the case we find the Melbourne papers, and the merchants' and factors' circulars watching with new anxiety and increased interest the grain and flour liBts emanating from Mark Lane, and calculating the cost of shipment, &c; ., from Melbourne to Lon don. It is, in fact, patent to every reader of Victorian journals that the country which for several years depended chiefly upon imported breadstuffs for the - supply of their own domestic wants, are now preparing them selves to enter upon a new field of competition as exporters of the same article. And we have little doubt that Melbourne, perhaps before twelve months are over, will be found in active preparation for carrying on this trade with the mother country. One thing, however, that makes against the Vic torian wheat-grower considered as an exporter, is the fact that he is much more anxious to maintain high prices than to produce cheaply. This tendency would, indeed, altogether spoil his chances as an exporter, were it not that his aspirations are so little likely to be realised. For, talk as we may, about the importance to the farmer of high prices, it is hopeless and ridiculous to attempt to force up prices by special legislation directed to that end. The bread-eaters are more numerous than the bread-growers, and no casuistry will ever convince the workingman that a small loaf is better than a large one, or a dear loaf better than a cheap one. If crops fail and scarcity supervenes, the community accept it as a visita tion of Providence, and submit to high prices as a necessary consequence. But when it is well known that there is twice as much bread in the country as the people can eat it is equally absurd and wicked to attempt, by artificial means, to make scarce and dear that which Nature has made plentiful, and therefore cheap. We say that this is the self-evident, common sense view of the matter ; and this view will prevail, despite the efforts of Victorian farmers for legislative protection. It therefore follows that as it is here, so it will be in Victoria ; bread stuffs will be quoted at low prices, and this, again, facilitates the creation of an export trade for both countries. Our exports to Victoria this year have only been about half what they were for the same period last year, so that we shall have great difficulty in disposing of our own surplus, even at present prices, unless the English market can relieve us. We have already stated that several vessels have left Port Adelaide with wheat and flour for England, and there is every prospect of a good deal more being shipped. From February to the end of October, Great Britain would require to import 44 millions of bushels of wheat, or their equivalent in flour. The breadth of land under wheat in South Australia for the last harvest may be taken at about 320,000 acres, and the average would probably be from 10 to 11 bushels per acre, or — say 3£ millions of bushels for the entire crop. Ol this, in round numbers, we may set aside two millions for ex portation ; so that if the whole of the surplus of our last harvest were shipped to England it would only represent two bushels to every 44 which that country will have to import. It is therefore clear that neither South Australian shipments, nor Victorian shipments, nor both combined, will produce any appreciable effect upon English prices ; but, as Australian wheat has a good name in the London market, any shipments that are sent from these colonies, and arrive in good condition, will be sure of an immediate sale at top market prices. On the arrival of the last English mail we published the following from the Mark Lane Express, of January 27, but the importance of the question will justify its reproduction in this place. The Mark Lane Express says : — 'As regards certain calculations of our necessi ties that have been promulgated, and which we deemed somewhat excessive, we may state as our opinion that we shall not want over 5£ million qrs. of wheat between now and next harvest. Our calculation being thus made — 1861 crop at three-fourths an average, through shedding, short breadth, &c;, say 15,000,000, add supe riority in weight and quality 7J- per cent., or l,12o,000qrs., and present stock of foreign say l.OOO.OOOqrs., gives a total of 17,125,000qrs. ; which, deducted from an annual consumption of 25 millions, leaves a deficiency of 7,875,O00qrs. This further increased by exports to France of l,OOO,OOOqrs., is 8,875,OO0qrs. ; and as we have already received since September 1st about 3,500,000qrs. including flour, we still may want 5,375,000qrs., or say, in round numbers, 65 million quarters. But other cereals have been plentiful ; and we began with more English wheat on hand than supposed, as there was a good sprinkling of it for two months after harvest. Italy is indeed short of maize, and Ireland of potatoes; but America is overdone with Indian corn, and should a sunny May and June again break out upon our good-looking corn-fields, so truly great a blessing would do much for our further sup plies.' The current prices at Mark Lane, per quarter of 8 bushels, are thus given : — Wheat, Essex and Kent, white, new, 58s. to 60s. ; do., red, do., 57s. to 61s. ; do. Norfolk, Lincoln, and Yorkshire, red, do., 57s. to 61s. Flour, per sack of 2801bs., town, households, 4Ss. to 55s.; country, 39s. to 41s. ; households, new, 43s. to 45s. Foreign Grain — Wheat, Dantzic, mixed, 62s. to 66s. ; do., extra, 65s. to 73s. Rostock, 60s. to 63s. ; fine, 64s. to 73s. American, red, 55s. to 59s. ; white, 60s. to 66s. Silesian, red, 58s. to 62s. : white, 57s. to 65s. Poruera, Meckberg, and Uckermrk, red, 56s. to 65s, Danish and Holstein, red, 60s. to 62s. Russian, hard, 48s. to 57s. St. Petersburg and Riga, 54s. to 61s. French, none. Rhine and Bel gium, 58s. to 65s. Tne averages for the whole country (imperial) for the six weeks ending January 18 tn, were as follows : — Wheat, 61s. 6d. per quarter; bar'ey, 36s. 6d. ; oats, 22s. 2d. ; rye, 35s. 2d. ; beans, 41s. 6d. ; peas, 42a. 7d. We have before remarked that South Aus tralian wheats would class with the best Dant zic wheats, rather than with the English, so that, at the prices ruling in January last, ' there is every reason to hope a sufficient margin will remain to induce shippers on this side to export. And farmers should remember that it is better to let a portion of their crops go at a low figure, thus securing'! better prices for the remainder, than to hold all in hopes of a rise which in all probability will never visit a glutted market. We see that Mr. Lawrence, of Mel bourne, in his last flour and grain circular, has reproduced the above extract from the Mark Lane Express, adding that from the tenor of the advices it is likely that prime Australian wheat would fetch 8s. 6d. to 9s. per bushel at home ; a price which he thinks sufficiently re munerative to justify exportation. The Melbourne Herald is content to classify Victorian wheats with the Kent and Essex whites at 65s. pev quarter (Mark-Lane price), and con siders that even that figure (8s. 1J per bushel) will leave a margin to the exporter. On the subject of freight, &c.;, the Herald says — ' Ours, we talk of as a distant market, and there is no prospect we think of getting home wheat with a less charge on it than from 4s. to 4s. 6d. per bushel, which reduces the 8s. l|d. to 4s. l|d. or to 38. 7\&.. But California is quite as distant from the British markets, and she gets home her wheat for much less.' The Herald then urges upon farmers the absolute necessity of growing cheaply, of reducing the cost of production, of supplementing wheat-growing by other produce, and by this means achieving a position as a wheat-exporting community. Whatever force these recommendations may have in Victoria they have much more here. So long as Victoria can export gold wherewith to purchase and pay for all things, it is, com paratively speaking, of small importance to her whether she exports or imports wheat ; but to South Australia it is quite the contrary. Agri culture is the backbone of the industry of the colony, and it will be a rueful day for South Australia when farming becomes a losing occu pation ; but we cannot force prices. Agricul ture cannot be made to pay if it won't pay with out making. The true policy of the country is not to force up prices, but to economise the cost of production — in other words, to adopt such measures as will render farming a profit able pursuit at prices which, on the one hand, secure to the bread-eater a cheap loaf, and on the other hand, will enable the South Australian farmer to compete with the corn-growers of America, Russia, and other foreign countries. When it is considered that the Victorian trade is going from us, and when it is borne in mind that the whole of our exportable produce only represents 2 bushels in 44 of the English imports, it is clear that we cannot rule export prices. Mark Lane must govern Adelaide — not Adelaide Mark Lane — and from this it follows that in proportion as we can grow cheaply, in that proportion shall we be success ful in exporting. All legislation (within its proper sphere) and all private enterprise should, therefore, be directed to the accomplishment of this great object — to raise a crop at the lowest rate. In bringing about tMVdesideratum there is something for the Parliament to do, and something for the farmer to do; but the first thing is for all parties to realize the great fact that instead of having, as heretofore, a market at our own doors, we must go to the other side of the world for one ; and that, as we cannot bring up foreign prices to colonial charges, we must try to reduce colonial charges to foreign prices. ____________^_ Mb. Howabd Clark's report in the matter of Mr. Burnett Nathan's insolvency is not yet completed, but we may take it as decisive, as far as it goes, and it certainly goes a great way toward making out a very strong case against the insolvent. We find the usual needless and worthless acknowledgement that the insolvent 'rendered every assistance,' &c;, &c;, but when the accountant comes to deal with the causes of insolvency and the mode of conducting business, his censures are most unqualified and unmis* takeable. The system of trading pursued by Mr. Nathan is denounced as 'reckless,' the style of living is condemned as ' extravagant,' and as ' in excess of anything justified by the nature and. appearance ot the trade. The accounts are stated to have been kept in a very slovenly manner, ' all the vouchers and other documents' being in ' great confusion ;' the accountant is charged with 'great want of care,' and Mr. Nathan himself is said to have been ' far from familiar with his books.' It is further reported that although since June, 1860, the books have been balanced half-yearly, few transfers have been made to the profit and loss account, and many balances have been kept open ' as if to represent considerable assets, long after all the goods' be longing to the original parcels had been sold.' Numerous entries have bean made in the books altogether void of particulars ; amounts paid into the Bank have not been debited to cash ; one account current involving a sum of £1,000 is missing, and there is no documentary evidence to explain the matter. Losses arising from ' time-bargains' in wheat are specially adverted to by the accountant, and a formidable array of figures is exhibited in support of the assumption ' that the local liabilities have been of late sud denly and largely increased.' The only redeem ing feature in this picture of recklessness, extravagance, and carelessness, consists in the negative commendation awarded by the account ant, who says—' I have no reason for concluding that any books or papers have been falsified or destroyed.' We have been careful in these comments not to overstep the limits of the accountant's official report: to advert to such a question at all is painful, and we certainly have no wish either to anticipate disclosures not yet made nor to aggra vate what is already reported. It appears to us that one of the most sacred duties devolving on the Press is to call public attention to flagrant cases of commercial mismanagement such as we are bound in conscience to declare the present to be. Nothing short of an accusation of downright and systematic fraud can be more damaging to a mercantile man than such a report as the one aowput in by Mr. John Howard Clark. And when leading commercial men are proved to have thus abused the confidence of creditors, and to have t!ius lavishly squandered in personal luxuries the proceeds of a recklessly and carelessly con ducted business, it is for the interest of every honest trader and for the credit of the 'commu- mity that such practices should be branded as they deserve. More might easily be said ; less would certainly come very short of the merits of the case. 