ALLEGED MARRIAGE OF THE PP.^'CE OF WALES. Tin: Do ituiy /Situ of let July copies the following story from tho American U'ar erlcy Magazine : — The Prince of Wales, who has been alluded to, but not as a lost sheep, though he will be lost to the view ol' that portion of the public who will attend to the ceremony at tho World's Fair, the cause of his absence from which docs not spring from the Prince's desire of seeing foreign countries it is not from his approaching marriage with a Danish Princess, nor doos it arise from his love passages at Windsor ; but the reasons for bis absence are now sufficiently manifest. The Prince of Wales is already married : the intrcniuoue eldest eon of her M&ieBtv; is. at the present moment, and, indeed, for tbe last six months has been, married to a fair subject. The enthraller of the Prince's heart and recipient of his truth is a beautiful Hibernian lady whom he met and fell in love with during tbe period of military training at the Gurragh of Kildare, in Ireland, where his Highness had appropriated to him, a little removed from the main lines of tenta which formed tbe encampment, a neat hut, with a pretty littlo garden attached to it. 1'hough he had everything to make hi in comfortable there* during tbe idle day and evenings, he sometimes cantered off to see some of the leading gentry of Kildare, whose domains fringe the great plain ou which the Prince w«s stationed. To one of those houses in particular, nnd which was inhabited by a family of ancientaud almost historic standing-, his horse's head was oftenest turned ; and Ilia visits became so frequent that they ceased to be formal. Nothing was suspected by the Prince's mentors until one afternoon cwo young ladies galloped over the green sward, pulling up in front of the Prince's hut, and the alacrity with which he came out to meet Ibeiu, and his particular manner to the younger one, attracted the attention of an officer of high rack* who happened at the moment to be calling on (he Prince, aud who, being a veteran in love bb well as in war, fancied be 6a\v something more than tbe mere politeness of & youngprincc to a young lady. The virite Were repeated, and they were also seen riding About tbe country. However, to cut tho story short, in a certain little church, not many miles from Newbridge (the next town to the CuTr&gh;), there were, one fine morning, united in matrimony ia o young people; one of them was tbe lady in question, and the other the heir apparent to the throne of Great Britain, the only other parties being, besides the clergyman, a brother officer of the Prince and the bride's brother. The late lamented Prince Consort was made aware of ibe fact just before quitting Ireland, when they visited the Lakes of Killaraoy in the autumn. By the Royal Marriage Act, I need hardly say, such a union would be unlawful ; but so wrapt up in his beautiful Irish bride is the Prince that this journey of his to the East, which was determined upon before the Prince Coosort's death, was suggested by the latter as a means of weaning him from his foolish attachment, upon the principle of 44 out or sight out of mind.' But nothing will do ; the Prinoc's heart, untrammelled, fondly turns towards a certain old maneion on the confines of the Curragh, and which holds 44 what to him is dearer than tho British Crown.' The fair object of bis thoughts almost daily receives & letter usder her youthful and Royal lover's hand. The Pleasant Creek corespondent of the Ararat Adver tistr says : — About 500 of the Chinese landed at Guichen Say have spread themselves along different roads to the various diggings, and not having paid the tax, in accordance with tbe Chinese Immigration Act, the authorities have been on the alert. A company of eighty-nine passed through Horsham. Mr. Bolton* the officer appointed to collect imposts, immediately gave the necessary information, and some police were forwarded to apprehend them. This tbey effected between Glcnorchy and the Four Posts diggings, and on Friday morning* about ten o'clock, they reached Stawell. When they neared the town, St&well; was all astir, as the poor fellows miserably clothed, and most of them bare looted, one by one entered the camp yard* One lad* aged about fourteen, was carried on tbe back; he loosed wretchedly sick, and it is said the youth was thus carried for forty miles ; it was humanely determined that this one should be first examined, in order that he might be sent to tbe hospital; the others were brought before tbe Court, and an interpreter being engaged, Mr. Stewart Bolton brought tbe charge against each one separately, and the whole eighty- eight* oto after the other, pleaded guilty, and that they had neither money nor property. Tho magistrates, Messrs. Smith and Jenkins, fined each of them £1, or & month's imprisonment in Ararat jail. After obtaining Test and food, the Ah Mings and the Wah Sings seemed happy enough, tents being provided for ; them in the camp yard ; and the yabber among so many, if not interesting, was at least a change to the usual dull still ness cf the town. One incident, after they were sentenced, was somewhat amusing— a horse was harnessed to one of the police dreys, and on axe put in, two of tbe Chinamen being ordered to go with the driver to chop wood in the bath, for cooking their meals; this they did nut 'savec,' and two after two were called, but John looked unutterable things at the axe in the cart, and turned away. As the in terpreter had gone, they could be told by siens only, that the axe was to chop wood and not their heads 'off ; so at last two, more courageous than tho rest, were induced to jump up, amid tbe laughter of the Europeans who had assembled.' On the afternoon of the 4th instant, a public meeting, which wf.fi attended by about 200 persons, was held ut the Town-hail, Melbourne, ia furtherance of tbe movement lately organised for raising a subscription to assist in re lieving the distress prevailing in the eoutb and west of Ireland. The Mayor* who had convened the meet ing in compliance with a requisition, presided. Re solutions approving of the steps taken by the com mittee appoiufed at the preliminary meeting, and appealing to the public at large for contributions towarde the relief land* were unanimously adopted. It was stated that £500 had beeneentto the Dublin Central Mansion-house Committed by tho last matt, end that since then local committees h«d been formed in various districts of the colony, aud the object in view had met with genera) ryinnAthy. A letter was read frem his Excellency tbe Governor, enclosing a cheque of £10 10s. towards the fund, and promising a further subscription If later intelligence from Great Dritain proved that the crisis was not passed. Tbe Mayor also Inscribed £10 30s. ; and contributions of £5 each had been received by the hen. Secretary of the Relief Committee from^Mr. Henry Miller and Mr. G. Riginbolham, M.L.A* At the close of the meeting seve ral other gentlemen subscribed to tbe fond* Friday's If t raid reports that the first cases under the now , Distillation Act were heard the previous day at the City Court. Tho defendants were Patrick Carroll audJatue's - Butler. About a week ago superintendent Bookoy, upon receiving information that illicit distillation was being car ? ried on on the properly of Butler, at the River Plenty, sent two constables to the spot. On arriving at a very out oi-the-way place they discovered* close to the river aud almost concealed by an overhanging rook, a etill in full work. The defendant Carroll aud a woman were preseut. The constable and Carrol! had a violent struggle, and they both rolled into tbe river locked in each other's arms. This, however, separated them, and each got out as bust he , could, end the result was Jthat Carroll escaped, but was subsequently recaptured. The other dofendaot, Butler, was ike owner of the property upon which the still was found, and he was charged under tbe 12lst section. He denied all knowledge of tbe still, but the Bench had no option bat to fine each of the defendants in tho lowest penalty of £60 each ; in default, six months' imprieomnent. Death or Sir H. B. Hogkton —Sir Henry Bold Hoghtor, Bart., whose death, in thB6ftliyear of hisage, has just tAhen place, was born at Walton Hall, noar Preston, and assumed tho name of Bold in 1826 The first bwonet (created 1611) represented Lancashire in Parlimrot ; the fifth and sixth represented Prc&tonfor; m&uyyoars.; Thcjde ceased baronet is succeeded in his title and estates by his son Henry, who was bora in 1821, who is married ton daughter of Mr. Ralph Harvey of Linooln's Ion. The Argus of Friaay last reports that a severe accident occurred the previous r.fternoon to Mr. Pond, of the well-known firm of Spiixs and .Pond. As he was stepping into bis buggy, at Bt. Hilda, ho slipped and fell so maladroiib m t.» -«--oasion a compound fracture of tho ibigh, just bWb tho knee. Ho was immediately con vened to tbe nearest hotel, and surgical assistan t procured. The Powtij or Laughtek.— A popular writer says that the man who laughs heartily to a doctor without a diploma. His beaming countenance does more good iu a tick room than a bushel of powders or a gallon of bitter draught*. People are always glad to see him. Their hands iuetinctivrly go half way out to meot his grasp, white they tbrn involuntarily from tbe clammy touch of tho dyspeptic who speaks in tbe murmuring complaining key. Ho laughs -ou out of your faults, while -ou never dream of beic^ offended with him; and you novur kucw whet u pleneint world you are living in, until he points uutihceuuuy streaks on his pathway. Theory id sta tea thut&tanextraordinary; moetiugof share holders of the Melbourne Fire InBuranoe Company, held on Saturday, the 6th, Mr. John Hal fey presiding, it wae unanimoufcly resolved that the oompany bo dissolved. Another meeting is to be held on tho 23rd, to confirm the rotolulion already agreed to. 7 he same journal reports that a rather extensive system ' cf hidc- sfeali&g; has been discovered by tbe police. Early on Saturday morning, the police on duty noticed a cart which ^ wee being driven about town in a somewhat mysterious way, and after a while suspicion was so raised that tbn eort was stepped, and its driver, one Michael Deroustrie, arrested. A quantity of hides were found in the vehicle. The Devoid reports that Jamas Coffee, a prisoner of the Crown who received a sentence of six years at Beechworth in 1857, was brought before tho City Court ou Saturday* tbo 6th instant, for being illegally at large, the defendant having been arrested by the police at Sydney. lie was sent back to Pentridge, with a recommendation that his ticketof leave be cancelled. 