THE SEVENTY-FIFTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE COLONY. It has for many years been the custom throughout New South Wales, to commemorate the foundation of the colony by observing, as a public holiday, each anniversary as it comes round. The practice is one which tends to keep alive in the minds of the colonists a sense of the great and important benefits which have resulted from that event, and also to stimulate a feeling of thankfulness for the blessings which, as a community, they enjoy. On the twenty- sixth of January, it is not the triumph of a petty jealousy in the achievement of local separation that is celebrated — but the foundation of an empire — the commencement of Australian colonisation — an event unattended with any parade or ostentation at the time, but memorable from its extensive and propitious consequences. It is natural that on the anniversary of the colony the story of its birth should be recalled. We look back with pleasing interest to the time, within the recollection of some now living, when the British Government, finding that the employment of criminals in remote and rising settlements had been approved of by experience, determined on an establishment for that purpose on the eastern coast of New Holland. It was in 1788 that the first fleet, bringing 846 prisoners, arrived in Port Jackson. The author of "The Voyage of Governor Phillip to Botany Bay, a beautifully illustrated quarto work, published in 1789, and now very scarce, thus relates the circumstance which decided the site of the settlement:— "The different coves of this harbour were examined with all possible expedition, and the preference was given to one which had the finest spring of water, and in which ships can anchor so close to the Shore, that at a very small expense quays may be constructed at which the largest vessels may unload. The cove is about half a mile in length and a quarter of a mile across at the entrance. In honour of Lord Sydney, the Governor distinguished it by the name of Sydney Cove. " The actual foundation of the colony is thus described by this, its first historian:— "The debarkation was now made at Sydney Cove, and the work of clearing the ground for the encampment, as well as for the storehouses and other buildings, was begun without loss of time. But the labour which attended this necessary operation was greater than can easily be imagined by those who were not spectators of it. The coast, as well as the neighbouring country in general, is covered with wood, and though in this spot the trees stood more apart, and were less encumbered with underwood than in many other places, yet their magnitude was such as to render not only the felling, but the removal of them afterwards, a task of no small diffculty. By the habitual indolence of the convicts and the want of proper overseers to keep them to their duty, their labour was rendered less efficient than it might have been. On the evening of the 26th the colours were displayed on shore, and the Governor, with several of his principal officers and others, assembled round the flag-staff, drank the King's health and success to the settlement with all that display of form which on such occasions is deemed propitious, because it enlivens the spirits and fills the imagination with pleasing presages. " Prefixed to the narrative above quoted from, is a short anonymous poem entitled, "Visit of Hope to Sydney-Cove, near Botany Bay" Considering that it was written within a few months of the formation of the settlement, it is curious as a prophecy. The lines have been more than once reprinted, but they will be new to some readers:— Where Sydney Cove her lucid bosom swells, Courts her young navies, and the storm repels; High on a rock amid the troubled air, Hope stood sublime, and waved her golden hair, Calmed with her rosy smile the tossing deep, And with sweet accents charmed the wind to sleep; To each wild plain she stretched her snowy hand, High waving wood, and sea encircled strand. "Hear me", she cried, "Ye rising realms! record Time's opening scenes, and Truth's unerring word, There shall broad streets their stately walls extend, The circus widen, and the crescent bend; There, 'ray'd from cities o'er the cultured land, Shall bright canals and solid roads expand, There the proud arch, Colossus-like, bestride You glittering streams, and bound the chasing tide; Embellished villas crown the landscape scene, Farms wave with gold, and orchards blush between, There shall tall spires and dome capped towers ascend, And piers and quays their massy structures blend; While with each breeze approaching vessels glide, And northern treasures dance on every tide!' " Then ceased the nymph — tumultuous echoes roar, And Joy's loud voice was heard from shore to shore; Her grateful steps descending, pressed the plain, And Peace, and Art, and Labour joined her train. As throwing some further light on the circum- stances attending the formation of the new settle- ment, the following extract from a letter written by a seaman who served in the first expedition to Botany Bay, cannot but be read with interest :— Honord Mother and Father, Augt the 9th, 1789, at sea on board of the ship Lady Penrhyn. This comes with my kind respects to you hoping that you are well. I wrote to you at the Cape of Good Hope by a danish ship that was bound to Portsmouth in 1787 wattered and sail'd from thence, November the 12th January the 25th arrived at Bottany Bay, to the southward of the Bay, saw great numbers of the inhabitants the Governor did not approve, of the ground heir, about 12 miles to the northward he found out a very good harbour for the shipping and better ground called Port Jackson, the 26 sail'd and arrived the same day the governor went on shore to take possession of the land with a company of granadiers and some convicts at three o clock in the afternoon he sent on board of the Supply Brigantine for the Union Jack then orders were gave for the soldiers to march down to the west side of the Cove they cut one of the trees down and fixt as a flag staff and hoisted the Jack, and fired four vollies of small arms, which was answered with three cheers from the Brig then they marched up to the head of the cove where they pitched their tents, I wrote to you then by the ship Alexander May 5th 1788, started from there towards Lord Howes Illand found out by the Supply Brig on her passage to Norfolk Illand May the 15 arrived and hoisted at our boat. The original of the above letter is preserved as a curiosity in the Australian Museum. The imaginations of the persons assembled round, the flag-staff in Sydney Cove on the 26th of January, 1788, to drink the king's health, may have been filled with pleasing presages; but it is doubtful whether the most excited imagination then pictured the change which the settlement would in the course of a few years undergo. Little could they have dreamt that within a comparatively short time the character of the population would be completely changed — that the transportation of criminals would be superseded by the immigration of vir- tuous and enterprising settlers — that these would so quickly spread themselves over the continent, that in little more than seventy years there would be a group of five colonies containmg altogether a population of upwards of a million, and exporting produce to the annual value of twenty millions—that these colonies would each have established responsible goverments, with more liberal constitutions than that of the parent State — that rich gold fields and inex- haustible coal mines would be discovered, and be sources of yearly increasing wealth, — that all the arts, the sciences, the literature, the religious and educational institutions, and the comforts and amenities of English life, would be transplanted and flourish on these distant shores. Little could they have dreamt of the honourable position which these communities would so soon take amongst the countries of the world; but we, in our turn, are as little able to foresee the changes which another seventy years will bring about. No one can seriously contemplate the present condi- tions of Australia without feeling that her history has but just begun, — that she is only now entering on her career. The great bulk of the population of these colonies have arrived within the last ten years and can feel little sympathy in the struggles for freedom that look place thirty or forty years since in New South Wales. Australia was not then their country, and would not have been their country now, had it not offered them free institutions as well as other in- ducments. The future historian of Australia will pass hurriedly over the earlier period, when the cha- racter of the population required the adoption of severe and often arbitrary measures, and will recognise as commencing the real history of the country, the date at which the privilege of self-government was conceded. There is unquestionably a "great future " for Australia ; and there can be little doubt that the over-crowded condition of the old country will, before many years, necessitate an extensive emigration to these shores. In the meantime, we can only regret that an in- fatuated prejudice operates to prevent the labouring classes of England (thousands of whom are now suf- fering the severest distress) from availing themselves of the means of comfortable subsistence afforded in these colonies There is special appropriateness in celebrating the anniversary of the colony within the sight of the spot on which the pioneers of Australian colonisation first landed, and which will always be regarded as classic ground as long as the Anniversary is observed by the colonists. It is by con- trasting the wilderness that was then pre- sented, with the imposing structures, the bustling streets, and the row of goodly ships now to be seen around that spot, that the magnitude of the change can be best appreciated. Not less striking would be the difference between the appearance of the felon- colonists as they landed under military guard from the ships, and that of the happy holiday takers who yesterday thronged to the Circular Wharf, many of them probably not unmindful of the associations which the place and the day called up. One great element of enjoyment on these occasions is the sight of large number of happy people, whose circumstances enable them to devote the day to recreation, and who evidently enter into the spirit of the holiday. This is un- doubtedly one of the most pleasing aspects of our social condition, indicative not only of the wealth amassed in this community, but also of its wide dis tribution. A stranger to the colony would be somewhat suprised to learn that the greater portion of these gaily dressed excursionists belong to the humblest rank in society. The respectable appearance and behaviour of the people on thes e occasions is one of the best proofs that could be afforded of our prosperity and social advancement as a community. Beautiful as the Sydney harbour always appears, it probably never presented a more attractive appearance than it did yesterday; the late seasonable rain had covered with verdure the grassy slopes, many of which were dotted with groups of picnicers watching the regatta; while the water was alive with pleasure boats of all sizes, and with steamers crowded with visitors to the favou- rite places of resort. On almost every previous Anniversary of the colony genial and auspicious weather has favoured the holiday sports. Yesterday was, however, an excep- tion to the rule. The lowering sky yesterday morn- ing foretold the renewal of the showers which the long continued drought has lately rendered so wel- come and refreshing. For a long time the rain held over, and when it did fall it seemed to produce but little discomfort, and to interfere but slightly with the recreations of the day. Ample warning being given, the excursionists were prepared for the worst, and, as all were bent on enjoying themselves, they did not allow the weather to frustrate their intentions We now proceed to notice tho various amusements to which the seventy-fifth anniversary of the colony wass devoted. THE REGATTA. The Regatta, as usual, formed the principal feature of the holiday yesterday, and, thanks to the exertions of a good working committee, the celebration was brought off in a most successful and becoming man- ner. The only thing which at all militated against the affair was the state of the weather, which was scarcely so propitious as could be desired ; a dull drizzling rain prevailing during the greater part of the day. But, notwithstanding this unwelcome moist- ness, a goodly number of persons turned out to witness the sports. The various points overlooking the scene of contest were covered with spectators, while the numbers congregated on board the flag-ship, and those afloat in steamers and boats contributed to impart interest and animiation to the scene. The fine-ship Tiptree (recently arrived from London, and which did duty as flag vessel last year), was again most obligingly placed at the disposal of the commit- tee, and with her splendid accommodation, and the adjunct of the Volunteer Band, we need hardly say that the company on board thoroughly enjoyed them- selves. The refreshment department was confided to Mr O'Brien, of Tattersall's Hotel, whose display of edibles was both extensive and varied — the tables embracing everything that the most fasti- dious gourmand could desire. In carrying out their arrangements the committee were punctual to time, there were no disputes, and the important business of starting was performed in a manner satisfactory to all parties. In short, so far as the racing itself went, the regatta was eminently suc- cessful, and reflected credit on the gentlemen who had undertaken its management. At two o'clock his Excellency the Governor, ac- companied by Lord John Taylour and Commodore Burnett, arrived on board the flag-ship, and shortly afterwards they were conducted by the committee to the saloon, where a very recherche luncheon had been provided. Mr W. Walker, the Commodore of the Australian Yacht Squadron, presided, Mr. G. Thornton occupying the vice-chair. At the conclusion of the repast the usual loyal toasts were drunk, after which, The CHAIRMAN proposed the health of his Excel- lency the Governor, remarking that Sir John Young had since his arrival used every means in his power to promote the social as well as the political progress of the colony. (Cheers.) His toast was drunk with enthusiasm. Air — "The fine old English Gentleman." His EXCELLENCY, in acknowledging the toast, said he did not intend to make so bad a return for their kindness as to inflict a speech. This was a day set apart for action and enjoyment in the open air, not for the pleasures of the table, or for those oratorical exercises in which by some strange dispensation of Pavidence some people delighted themselves on ordinary occasions. (Laughter.) But he might say that no sight that he had ever seen, had appeared to him gayer or more attrcctive than the sight of the harbour to-day, with all the life, business, and enjoy- ment which covered its waters and seemed to pervade every one of its bays. He locked upon that scene of life and activity as an evi- dence of the activity which prevailed, and of the com- forts which were ordinarily felt amongst all classes of society throughout the colony. Certainly a great deal had been done during the last seventy-five years. The wilderness which Englishmen came here to sub- due was now covered by the stately streets, and the charming suburban residences of Sydney. What had been done might, he trusted, be looked upon as an omen of what was to come — that in future times the same energy would be displayed in developing those gifts which nature had so lavishly showered upon the colony — then if no unforeseen evil should happen (which, may Providence avert) this colony, and the other Australian colonies, would arrive at a height of grandeur and wealth and civilisation, of which there had been as yet no examples in the world (Cheers.) The CHAIRMAN next proposed "The Seventy Fifth Anniversary of the Foundation of the Colony." As an Australian — born in the city of Sydney — he felt justly proud of his native land. (Cheers.) When they called to mind that not more than seventy-five years ago this colony was a perfect wilderness, and when they reflected on the vast social and political improvements which it had undergone since then, they might fairly rank this amongst the most improving and most important colonies that belonged to the British Crown. He would beg to allude to events which he thought formed two of the brightest spots in the history of this country ;— he referred to the munificent donations which were forwarded by the colonists in aid of the Patriotic Fund during the Crimean war, and to the princely collection that was more lately made in aid of Britain's distressed operatives — sums of money which he was sure would have been largely supplemented if required. These contributions had spoken with trumpet tongues in praise of Australia, and would re- main as mementoes of the loyalty and the attach- ment of the people of this country to their Queen and to the parent land. (Cheers.) The toast was enthusiastically received. Air — "The Cornstalk Polka." Mr. THORNTON was called on to respond. He said he felt, as a native born Australian, much gratified in being able to join in doing honour to this their national day. He had been associated with the Anniversary Regatta for the last twenty-four years. The Anniversary Regatta had now become an institu- tion ; it had introduced a better class of yachts and of boats, and a better order of rowers ; and its results had been to reflect credit upon the colony in every respect. (Cheers.) The CHAIRMAN next proposed, "Lady Young, and the ladies of the colony." The toast was drunk wath acclamation. Air — "Here's a health to all good lasses." His EXCELLENCY responded on behalf of Lady Young, and Mr DALLRY returned thanks for the ladies of the colony. His EXCELLENCY then called on the company to drink the health of the Chairman, and the officers of the Australian Yacht Squadron. The toast was duly honoured. Air — "Cheer, boys, cheer." Mr. H. C. DANGAR returned thanks, and expressed the hope that next year they might be enabled, under her Majesty's sanction, to call themselves the "Royal Australian Yacht Squadron," in which case there was nothing to prevent an uninterrupted course of prosperity. The CHAIRMAN proposed, as the final toast, the health of Captain Pinel, who had now, on two occa- sions, granted the Anniversary Committee the free use of his most magnificent ship. The toast was drunk amidst cheering. Air — "He's a jolly good fellow." Captain PINEL, in responding, said he was glad to find that the people of Sydney appreciated his ship. He would always lend any assistance in his power to promote the yachting interest. (Cheers.) After remaining for some time to watch the progress of the matches, his Excellency proceeded on board the Chance, where, in company with other gentle- men, he inspected the fittings and accommodation of that beautiful vessel. We give below an account of the different races contested during the day :— First Race. — To start at ten o'clock. All youths under sixteen years of age, pulling a pair of sculls, in dingies not exceeding twelve feet on the keel. Course — From flag-ship round Fort Denison and back to the flag-ship. First prize, £5 , second, £2. En- trance, 7s. 6d. Alarm. Colours — Red and white. Dress — Red and white. Puller — John Killian ... ... ... ... ... 1 Young Jem. Colours — White. Dress — White. Puller — James Roderick ... ... ... ... ... ... 2 Nita. Colour — Blue. Dress — White. Puller — William Brown 3 Saxon. Colours — White with blue cross. Dress — White with blue cross. Puller — James Vale. Spy. Colours — Pink and white. Dress — Pink. Puller — Thomas Dunlop. Champion. Colours — Blue and white. Dress — White with blue cap. Puller — D. Morland. This race, which was well contested, was gained by Killian, with Roderick second and Brown third. Dunlop, however, lodged a protest against the three on the ground that they were all of them above the age prescribed in the conditions. This objection remains to be settled by the committee. Second Race. — To start at half past ten. Champion Gig Race — outriggers excluded — pulling four oars; to be pulled by gentlemen amateurs. Course — From flag-ship round Fort Denison, thence round a boat off Goat Island, and back to flag-ship. Prize, value £21. Entrance, £2 2s. Fanny. Colours — Light blue. Dress — Light blue. Pullers — F. Fitzhardings, H. Freeman, W. Mason, H. Fitz- hardings. Coxswain — E. Punch ... ... ... 1 Ariel. Colours — Magenta with blue border. Dress — Magenta, with blue border. Pullers — Q. Deloitte, A.Campbell, H. Edwards, C. Deloitte. Coxswain, G. Deloitte ... ... 2 Cam. Colours — White. Dress — White. Pullers — H. Severn, J. Pilcher, W. Dixon, W. Jobson. Coxswain — W. Yates... This race attracted considerable interest from the fact of the Fanny's crew being those who are selected for the Intercolonial Rowing Match to come off on the 4th proximo. The Ariel stuck well to her opponent for the first half mile, after which it was a mere stern chase for her, the Champion crew winning without much apparent exertion. The other boat retired after rounding Fort Denison. Third Race. — To start at 11. All youths under 18 years of age, pulling two pairs of sculls in light skiffs. Course — From Dawes' Point round Fort Denison, and back to the flag-ship. First prize, £10 10s.; 2nd, £5 5s. Entrance, £1 1s. Star of Mossman's Bay. Colours — Pink and blue. Dress — Pink and blue. Pullers — J. Cook and H. Alderton ... 1 Will if I Can. Colour — White. Dress — White. Pullers — J. Warren and J. Ray ... ... ... ... ... 2 Hebe. Colours — Magenta and yellow. Dress — Magenta, with yellow cap. Pullers — W. Clark and H. Wells. Zoe. Colours — Red and white. Dress — Red and white. Pullers — L. Maclean and J Killian. The Star was the favourite for this race, and justi- fied expectations by winning cleverly by about four lengths. A protest was lodged, however, that the crew were over the age specified by the conditions. Fourth Race. To start at half past 11. All ama- teurs pulling a pair of oars in light skiffs. Course — same as No. 2. 1st prize, £12 12s.; 2nd, £5 5s. Entrance, £1 1s. Champion Colours — White. Dress — White. Pullers — J. Gal- braith and W Connor ... ... ... ... ... 1 Favorita. Colours — Light blue. Dress — Light blue. Pullers — J. Donnelly and C. Barnett ... ... ... ... 2 Hebe. Colours — white and blue border. Dress — White. Pullers — W. Peers and J. Maclean. Zoe. Colours — Blue and red. Dress — White, with blue cap. Pulers — J. Clark and D. Wilkie. Mr Hill, after much trouble, got the boats well away together, and for some 300 yards no perceptible difference could be observed, when Favorita gradu- ally drew a-head, Champion second, and in this order they pulled the course until off Dawes Point on their return from Goat Island, when Galbraith and Con- nor put on a fine spurt, and a desperate contest ensued, and they succeeded in winning a splendid race by half a length. Fifth Race-To start at 12 All Y achts-centre licaids excluded Course-From their own moorings in lai m Cove, round a boat moored off Johnstone a Hay , thence round a boat moored off the northern end of beach outside Manly, back lound the flag sh p , thence round Shark Island, mid back to the flag-ship This lace to be sailed under and subject, in all respects, to Australian Yacht Squadron Regulations 1st prive, value 50 guineas , 2nd, 20 guineas Entrance, Sb3 3s Australian Colours-Dark blue Drcs-Dark blue shirt« Owner-It Harnett 1 ?^V bj hot Colours-Red and VV hite Dress-White, and pink caps Owner-C I arbury S Ida Colour-Blue, with eiest Dress-Blue, and striped caps Owner-I J Josefhson 3 Tori Colours-Blue and red, with white stai Dress IVhite Owner-II C Dangar 4 TJnforlu»at»ly this event, generally c nsidared the crack natch o the day, lost much of its interest m consequence of the wind being so v erj light, and it ÏB only 6_r¡rising that the yachts were able to go the course within the piescubed time The yachts .were started precisely at noon, Australian, jumping away with the lead, followed by the Why Kot second, Ida thud, and Peri last Australian and Why Not kept increasing their lead in going up Dar lmg Harbour, but after round ng the ooat m John- stone s Bay, Peri was seen rapidly corni ig up astern, and ever tu«lly, before cle&nng; the TT "ria had "ot Into second place, with Australian lead ng Uu side the wind wes still more baffling than in ilia harbour, shifting every üvo m ñutes On again appearuig in Bight lound Bradley s Head, to the surprise of ev er j. one, ihe little Australian was leaduig, with Why Not second, Ida third, and Peri last flits order was maintained to the finish, with this exception that, after rounding the flag- ship Ptii anl Id ignve up the contes*, their chance bemg completely gone Hie Australian won the race by nearly Uve minutes Sixth Race -To start at halt-past 12 All bona ¿ideskiffs not exceediog twentv- two feet over-all, or twenty nichts deep, under canvas Coulee-lo start from then own moorings in Lav ndei Bay, lound Shark Island, back round flag-ship , thence round Pott Dei ison, and back to the flag ship 1st pme, £16 lös , 2nd, £o 5s Entrance, £1 10s Eulawing Colours-Blue, and white border. Dress-White Owner-1' VV Hill I Ann Colours-Pink, Dress-White and blue cap Owner W iolcy 2 Chin Cbin Colours-Dark blue. Dress-Dark blue Owner J Richards 3 tTcrror Colours-Magenta. Dress-Vlagenta and white. Owner-VV Dunn Traveller Colours-Light blue Dress-Whito. Owner-T Mulhall. Xulalie. Colours-Scarlet Dress-Whito and red caps Owner-A lairfa-v This w aB perhaps one of the most exciting races of the » day, from the fact that the new skiäs would compete Ihewinnuig boat, steeiedby B Galligher in a hishly "crcdlHible manner, is from the establishment of Mr Reynolds, of Balmain, where she *ns built to the order of Mr T W Hill, and from the easy manner m which she ran jestcidav, adds another to the long list of fast boats that have been turned out from this cstab îsliment Ihe second new boat was the Terror, built by W Dunn, but did not prove so great i success as was .anticipated Immedistely after the start, Eulawing took a decided lead, Ann second Terror th rd, Chui Chin fcurth, Traveller fifth, and Eulalie last Before reaching Shark Is'and Chin Chin passed tho Terror, and went into third place, Eulalie aho overhauling Traveller and taking the fifth, but after rounding the -Bland, and while running up with her square sail set, the Eulalie, from some cause unexplained, there being little or no w md, capsized Foitur ately T Mulhall m the Traveller waB close astern of them, and threw Tip his chance of the lace by rounding to, and picktng up the crew and boat The Eulawing came in first a c nsiderablc distance ahead of the Ann, Chin Clua third T he Tenor bore up after lounding the flag ship, and gav o up the contest Seventh Race -To s'art at 1 AJÍ second class yachts under seven tons Course-To start from their own moorings m Lavender Bay, round a boat off Manly Bench, back round the flag ship , thence lound Shark Island, and back to flag ship 1st prue, value 14 guineas Entrance, £2 2s Josephine Colours-Dark blue. Dress-White Owner-J Bennett 1 Gitana. Colours-Light bluo. Dress-White. Owner-F J Jackson 2 This was virtually a match between the two ooats It was well contested, and won only by a very Bhort distance Eighth Race -To Btait at 2 All open boats, not txcetdmg twenty two feet over-a 1, under cinvas Couise-fo start from their own moorings in Laven- der Bay, round the Light Vessel and Sow and Pigs, back round flag Bhip , thence round Shark Island, and thence to flag ship 1st prize, £15 los , 2ad, £6 os En ranee ,£1 10s leisure Hour Colours-Bluo and white Dress-Blue and White cap Owner-W F Gordon 1 laura Colours-Red Dress-White Owner-VV Londford 3 lurline, Colours-White, blue cross, and red diamond Dress V/bite Owner-G A Mansfield This race was won easily by Leisure Hour Nmth Race -To start at half past 2 AU-Comeis -pullin g tw o pairs of sculls in bona fide w atermtu s boats Courue-rrom flag ship round Goat Island, thence lound Tort Denison and back ti flag ship 1st pme, £15 15« second, £5 5s Entrance, £1 10s Not sufficient entries Tenth Race -To start at 3 Gentlemen, Amateurs pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs Course-same 88 No 2 Prize, a gold medal of colonial manufac- ture, value 10 guineas Entrance, £1 Is Ida Colours-White -with bluo ball. Dress-Magenta and black. Puller-C Moore 1 Ino Colours-vîolctwith name. Dress-Violet with whito cap rullcr-F Spcnso 2 Champion Colours-Blue with star Dress-Whito with blue and white cap Puller-T Miller Zoo Colours-Black with red cross Dress-White with black and red cap. Puller-W Tunks, jun, Although for the first mile this race was well cm .tested, Mr C Moore soon made it apparent that he nould claim tho prize, ultimately winning with ease | Eleventh Race -To start at half past 3 All ama- teurs pulling two pairs of sculls in light skiffs Course-samt as No 2, 1st puze, £15 15s , 2nd, £5 6e Lntrancc, £1 10s Cb mi Ion Colours-White Dress-White, tullera-J ConnorandJ Galbraith 1 Favontn Coloura-Iigbt blue Dress-Light blue Pullers, J Donnelly and C Burnett 2 Hebe Colotrs-White v itb blue bolder Dress-White Fullers- VV Peers and J Mac ecr S Tlis w is ¡motinr splendid di play of downright phul ti esmit ertwa contest ng m tht brstand Becond bo&ts; as in the fourth race, and w is won by the Cham- pion t y cnlj a few f ct At the start, Tav rita took the le id, Chmiiion in close attendance, their ido ive pcsitiors not being altered until off Dawes Fo nt on then return, when Galbraith and Conner put on a tremendous spurt, and succeeded in cany ng ofl the first prize The mannei in which these yi ui g men pulled ti rough their matches of yes todiy elicited the vviuin apt lobatton of all who wit ressed it, und speaks w til loi thtir futuit tai ter as sculliis Twelfth Race -To stait at i All Licensed Watci men pul nig a pa r of sculls in bona fide watermen s boats Course- same as No 9 1st pme, £15 15s , 2nd, £5 OB Entrence, £1 Is Star Colours-W bite Dress-White Puller-T M'Grath 1 ] c1 o Colours-W hite. Dress-W hite rullcr-G Dunnott 3 Phanician Colourt-Bluo and w bite Dress-Bluo and white, Puller-J 1 bel] s 3 Chance Colours-I ink and whito Dress-Whito Puller J Punch , i Elira Colours-Dark blue Dress-Dark blue 1 uller-J Ives 5 The circumstance of our best scullers m'cting for this event caused n comiderablc amount of specula lion, and J Ives was freely backed against J Punch Tor the first mile the tate waa most cxtitirg Punch staited with the lead, clo ely followed by Phelps, wine M Grath, who pulled wider out m the stream, was leadmg Duimett and Ives at a merry pace Unfortunately, m rounding Goat Island Punch ¡while lead ng, got on short, and got lus boat off with considerable diihculty M Gra li, who wa« just astern of Phelps, however, quicklv took up the rowing, increasing his distance as he liked to thefiiish Meanwhile, Punch s misfortune had left lum lost-some 300 yards-af cr clearing Goat Island but nothing daunted, he still persevered, and, by the time he reached the flagship the first t me, had collared and passed Ives, Dunnett soon af er coming into second place The men carne m as follows -. M'Gruth, fiict Dunnett, second, Phelos, a good third with Punch and Ives fouith and fifth Thirteenth Race -To start at half past four Gen tlemen amateurs pulling two pans of sculls in light skiffs Course Bame as No 2 Pii/e value £12 li' Entrarce, £1 Is Ino Colours-V lolct with namo Dress-V lolct wi h white cap Pullers- V Spence and C Moore I Charm ion Colours-White Dress-White Pullers-T Miller and D Macdonald 3 7oc Colours-Black with red cross Dress-White with black and red caps Iullcrs- V\ Tunksand V Tunks This was one of the best contested races of the day, and wes won aitei a hard snuggle, by about a length Fourleenth Race -To stait at live G g and dingy The man in the dingy to be caught by the bowman of the gig within fifteen minutes Dingy to keep in clear open wattr Pri/e, £6 Entrance, _s 6d Gig-Star. Colours-Light bluo Ownor-M Prowstcr Diugj-hpy. Colours-Light blue Owner-VV Yates . The match which was won by the dingy, t rtniua ed the d9y s amusement CRICKET. A MATCH was played yesterday in the Parramatta Domain, between the Albert and Parraramatta Clubs. The play commenced at half-past ten o'clock, when the Alberts, having won the toss, sent in Gorman and Curtis, to the bowling of Rutter and Brown. Gor- man commenced with a fine hit for three, and after a few singles from Curtis, Gorman was run out, having, in the meantime, added another single to his score, which amounted to 4 ; one wicket for 8 runs. Adams then took the bat, and after another single had been made, Curtis was caught by Rutter, off his own bowling. Two wickets for 9 runs. Docker then followed, and by very careful play soon increased the score. Adams was, however, shortly afterwards caught by Dobson, off Brown's bowling. Three wickets for 13 runs. Law- rence now took possession of the vacant wicket, and runs were rapidly made, both batters having com- pletely mastered the bowling for the time. When the score had been increased to 44, Docker was caught by Dunn off Brown, having made 17 runs. Four wickets for 44 runs. Gilbert then joined Law- rence, and runs were still the order of the day, when Gilbert, in endeavouring to increase the score, was run out. His score amounted to 12. Five wickets for 69 runs. Coulter joined Lawrence, when the latter was bowled by Rutter an underhand shooter. His innings amounted to twenty-six, and consisted of a series of fine cuts and hits to leg for twos and threes. Six wickets for 74 runs. Greville then went in, and was playing steadily, when Coulter gave a chance, which was accepted by Rutter, off Brown's bowling. He made a good innings of twelve. Seven wickets for 74 runs. Morris followed and after making five runs, was caught by Shepherd, bowled by Rutter. Eight wickets for 98 runs. Black joined Greville, but did not increase the score, being given out leg before wicket off Rutter's bowling. Nine wickets for 98 runs. Peter Curtis then went in, but on the first ball his stumps were lowered by Rutter. Ten wickets for 98 runs. Eighty-nine runs were made off the bat, and there were seven wide balls delivered during the innings by Brown, and this, together with one bye and one leg bye, made the total of the first innings of the Alberts amount to 98. After an interval of ten minutes, the Parramat- tonians sent in Brown and McCrohan to the bowling of Lawrence and Docker. A maiden over was delivered by Lawrence, and ditto by Docker. The next over from Lawrence was also a maiden, and Docker then bowled a wide ball, but no runs were made - the bats- man being evidently puzzled with the bowling, which was well up to the mark. During the next over from Lawrence, McCrohan was bowled by Lawrence before he had troubled the scorers. One wicket for 1 run. H. Payten followed, and made a straight drive for two, when Brown was bowled by Docker. Two wickets for 3 runs. Booth then went in, and both he and his partner played very well, and defended their wickets for some time. After Booth had made seven by two threes and a single, he was caught by Curtis off Lawrence's bowing. Three for 14 runs. Dunn then tock the vacant place, and Payten was still scoring steadily, but Dunn did not remain his companion long, for having skied a ball, bowled by Docker, it was beautifully caught by Gilbert. He did not trouble the scorers, and four wickets were down for 18 runs. Dobson followed, but was caught by Lawrence off his own bowling before he had made a score. Five wickets for 18 runs. Rutter then went in, but bad luck seemed to await him, for he gave a chance to Docker, off Lawrence's bowling, which was well taken. Six wickets for 18 runs. Houison then took the bat, when Payten, who had seen five of his com- panions extinguished, took liberties with Docker's bowling, and was finely caught by Lawrence. Seven wickets for 18 runs. Thus four wickets fell without a single run being made. J. Payten went in and Houison made a good hit for three when he was bowled by Lawrence. Eight wickets for 24 runs. Shepherd followed, and Payten who had made two singles, gave a chance, which was taken by Coulter, off Docker's bowling. Nine wickets for 24 runs. Ashby, the last man, went in, when Shepherd made a hit for two. Ashby then had to receive the ball from Lawrence, who soon levelled his stumps. Ten wickets for 26 runs. The Parramatta Club being more than sixty runs behind their antagonists, they had to follow their innings — which they did after both clubs had first adjourned for refreshment. Having now had some experience in the bowling of the Alberts, they appeared at the wickets with more confidence, and exhibited much better play during their second innings. N. Payten and Dobson went in, Lawrence and Docker again bowling. Dobson made two singles, when he was given out leg before wicket. One wicket for 7 runs. Brown followed, but soon lost his companion, N. Payten, who was bowled by Lawrence, after having made a fine drive for four and two singles. Two wickets for 14 runs. J. Payten then went in, and the play was now so good that the score was rapidly increased. Gilbert went on at Docker's end, and Lawrence began bowling slows. Payten was soon after caught by Curtis off Gilbert. Three wickets for 30 runs. Dunn followed, but after adding two twos off Lawrence's slows, he was caught by Gilbert off that bowler. Four wickets for 34 runs. Houison went in, but he only made one run when a slow ball from Lawrence took his wicket. Five wickets for 35 runs. J. Booth followed, and Brown, who had made 15 by good play off the fast bowling, fell a victim to the slow bowling of Lawrence, he having given a chance to Curtis. His score consisted of four threes and three singles. Six wickets for 36 runs. Rutter took the bat, and having made a single, was bowled by Gilbert. Seven wickets for 38 runs. McCrohan followed, but soon shared the same fate, being caught by Curtis off Gilbert. Eight wickets for 38 runs. Shepherd joined Booth, who had been scoring steadily, when the latter was given out leg before wicket. Nine wickets for 43 runs. Ashby again went in last, but was bowled by a slow shorter from Gilbert. Ten wickets for 43 runs. Shepherd carried out his bat, having made two runs. The score of the Parramatta Club, in the two innings, amounted to 69 runs. The Alberts, therefore, won in one innings, with 29 runs to spare. A large number of people belonging to the town were present throughout the match, as well as several visitors from Sydney, and both sides were warmly cheered as the game proceeded. The fielding of both sides, considering the nature of the ground, was really first-rate ; but the bowling of the Alberts was too much for the suburban club. Besides, among the Albert eleven were three of the cricketers who are nominated to represent this colony in the coming con- test against Victoria — viz., Gilbert, Lawrence, and Docker — and ther score in the match amounted to fifty-five runs. The following is the score :— ALBERTS. 1ST INNINGS. Gorman, run out ... ... ... 4 G. Curtis, c. and b. Rutter ... ... 3 Adams, c. Dobson, b. Brown ... ... 5 Docker, c. Dunn, b. Brown ... ... 17 Lawrence, b. Rutter ... ... ... 26 Gilbert, run out ... ... ... ... 12 Coulter, c. Rutter, b. Brown ... ... 12 Greville, not out ... ... ... ... 5 Morris, c. Shepherd, b. Rutter ... ... 5 Black, l. b. wicket, b. Rutter ... ... 0 P. Curtis, b. Rutter --- 0 Byes, 1 ; l. b., 1 ; w., 7 ... ... ... 9 — 96 — PARRAMATTA. | FIRST INNINGS. | SECOND INNINGS. Brown, b. Docker ... 0 | c. Curtis, b. Lawrence ... 15 McCrohan, b. Lawrence 0 ... | c. Curtis, b. Gilbert ... 0 H. Payten, c. Lawrence, b. Docker ... 10 | b. Lawrence ... 6 Booth, c. Curtis, b. Lawrence ... 7 | l. b. wicket, b. Gilbert ... 5 Dunn, c. Gilbert, b. Docker ... 0 | c. Gilbert, b. Lawrence 4 Dobson, c. and b. Lawrence ... 0 | l. b. wicket, b. Lawrence 2 Rutter, c. Docker, b. Lawrence 0 | b. Gilbert ... 1 Howison, b. Lawrence ... 3 | b. Lawrence ... 1 J. Payten, c. Coulter, b. Docker 2 | c. Curtis, b. Gilbert ... 5 Shepherd, not out ... 2 | not out ... 2 Ashby, b. Lawrence ... 0 | b. Gilbert ... 0 Wide, 1 ; bye, 1 ... 2 | Bye, 1 ; wide, 1 ... 2 | 26 43 BOTANY. The attendance of holiday visitors at Botany was not numerous, yet there were numerous picnic and family parties, who appeared determined to enjoy the day, despite of atmospheric disagremens. The rains of the last few days had freshened the vegetation, and every- thing but the sky looked bright and pleasing. The table at the hotel ordinary was full, in addition to which there were many private parties separately accommodated. The main feature of interest out of doors, and which attracted a ccnsiderable number of spectators to the ground, was a cricket match between the city Drapers and Grocers. The contest was carried on with much spirit, and in the course of the play some good batting was exhibited on both sides ; but it resulted in a decided victory for the Grocers, as will appear by the following scores :— GROCERS. FIRST INNINGS. | SECOND INNINGS. Sutton, b. Graham ... 9 |run out ... ... ... 1 Eggleston, b. Graham ... 12 | b. Wallis ... ... ... 1 L. Bennett, st. Graham, b. Fairfax ... ... 29 | c. Street ... ... ... 21 Lavers, b. Graham ... 0 | b. Wallis ... ... ... 1 M. Cowlishaw, b. Wallis 3 --- b. Wallis 12 Hynan, b. Graham 1 --- b. Wallis l.b.w. 12 A. Fairfax, b. Wallis 1 --- c. Wallis 0 Daly, b. Wallis 2 --- c. Graham 0 E. Bennett, b. Fairfax 4 --- b. Wallis 4 T. Cowlishaw, b. Fairfax 0 --- st. Graham 3 Hanks, not out 3 --- Nicholas, not out 0 B. 1, w. 5, n.b. 1, - 7 --- W. 1, - 1 71 --- 58 Both innings --- 129 DRAPERS. First Innings. --- Second Innings. Gray, b. A. Fairfax 19 --- l.b.w. 2 Daly, b. Lavers 4 --- b. Cowlishaw 0 Wareham, c. E. Bennett 2 --- b. Lavers 0 Street, st. Hynan 10 --- b. Lavers 1 Graham, b. Lavers 8 --- c. A. Fairfax 7 Wallis, b. Cowlishaw 3 --- run out 0 H. Fairfax, b. A. Fairfax 2 --- b. Cowlishaw 0 Fitzgerald, c. Bennett 0 --- b. Cowlishaw 3 Beal, c. Daly 3 --- c. A. Fairfax 1 Martin, not out 0 --- not out 0 B., 3, l.b. 5, w., 3, n. b., 3 - 14 --- B., 3, w., 3 - 6 63 --- 26 Both innings --- 89 The Grocers won with 39 runs to spare. On the conclusion of the match the players adjourned to the hotel and partook of dinner together. 