HIE NEWS OF THE DAY. A meeting of the inhabitants of Fitzroy and East Collingwood was hold last evening, in the National Hall, King William streot, Fitzroy, to take into con sideration tho present exorbitant prico of gas, and the breach of faith of the Collingwood and Fitzroy Gas Company with tho Parliament and with the citi zens of Melbourno and Collingwood, and also to con sider tho best in eaus of obtaining a supply of gas at a reasonable rato, in accordance with the times. Tho Hon. Chas. Vauglian, Esq., M.L.C., occupied the chair. The hall was crowded, about 350 persons being present. The first resolution, proposed by Mr Randall and seconded by Mr Kidney, representing the present price of lGs per thousand feet us a monstrous robbery of the public, and the establishment of a consumers' company as tho only means of breaking down tho monopoly which existed through the combination of tlio two present com panies, was carried unanimously. Before it was put to the meeting, Mr Kyte, chairman of the Board of Directors of tho Collingwood Company, made a lengthy statement, in which he detailed tho pro gress of tho company since its formation, his own philanthropic '.dews in joining it, tho groat inconveniences it had labored under through tho opposition offered by tho rival company, and tho slender support it had re ceived from tho public ta what was at first ex pected, He also referred ta its financial position, and represented tho dividends which it had paid, when compared with tho time it had been formed, as no greater than similar companies had paid iu England, and ho concluded by stating that if tho public had supported it as was at first expected, gas might then have been sup plied at 12s Gd per thousand feet. Ho denied that the directors of tho Collingwood Company proposed to the Melbourne Company to raiso tho price, but admitted, in reply to Mr Jones, that a combination between them did exist, if it could bo called by that name, such as might exist between two shopkeepers who charged tho same prico for tea and sugar. By tho second resolution tlio meeting pledged itself to support tho formation cf a consumers' company unless, the price of gas was reduced to 12s per 1000, from the first of next month. Another resolution was also carried, to the effect that tho Collingwood Company was un worthy of public confidence, and that no compromise emanating from them should be entertained. The polling for the election of a membor of the Legislative Assembly for tlio district of Avoca takes placo to-day. Thero is no doubt but that Mr Grant will bo returned, tho opposition being a more sham. Tho statement quoted in our issue of Thursday, relative to the stoppage of tho immigration passage warrants no longer applies. Their issuo lias been re-commenced. Up to the month of Juno in the present year the funds for assisted immigration under tho nassnco warrant system have been supplied from the voto of last year, aud nearly 300 adult passages havo been thus provided for, and warrants for them issued. This fund having been exhausted, it ljecamo necessary, under tho new system provided by the present Land Act, to obtain tho assent of the Governor in Council, to tho use of tho funds now in hand, and under the control of tho Govern ment. A difficulty was exporiencod at the outset, in the fact, that tho Immigration Bill regulating tho expenditure of this money has not yet beon finally disposed of, and delay was further caused by the cliango of Ministry. Tlio latter difficulty having been removed, tlio Governor's assent lias been ob tained. Since tho departure of last mail tho issuo of passago-warrants has beon resumed, and instruc tions have been sont to local paymasters aud re ceivers to renew tlieir reccipt of applications for passage-warrants. It may bo added that out of tho voto forl8G2, 2700 passsge-warrants havo boon issued prior to tho departure of the last mail. In additiou to tliis an amount of £40,000 was sent home for ex penditure in free emigration by the Commissioners for tho United Kingdom. As four ships have arrived this year with freo emigrants, averaging about 300 each, tho balanco of this money, at £14 for each immigrant, remaining unexpended, must bo something like £23,000, sufficient to provide for about 1800 more immigrants. Several vessels, with freo immigrants, aro at the present time overdue, and will bring about one- half of this number yet to bo provided for out of this sum. Tho Immigration Depot is at present nearly empty ; tho inmates being limited to lialf-a-dozon families and ton single girls. Tho majority of tho freo immigrants ar riving this year appear to bo Irish ; the Scotch and English being in a minority. Tho excess of Irish is particularly noticeablo amongst tho single girls. Tho matron of tho Depot states that thero is, at tho present timo, ,a fair demand for qualified fomalo servants, and they havo little diffi culty in obtaining good wages. Tho Baduka is ex pected daily with freo emigrants. Provision is made at the DepGt for the temporary accommoda tion of single girls coining out with passago war rants. In a numbor of instances it is found that the persons who sent for them havo loft tho colony (generally for Now Zealand), or else do not caro to look after their porteg6s. In such casos, tired of waiting for tlieir friends, they usually got ongagod as servants. On dit, that Dr Evans is so disgusted with the action of his lato collcaguos on tho pension quostion, that he has resolvod to sit behind and support the present Administration. It is known that tho lion, 'entleman has gone to a considerable expenso in netting printed a number of pamphlets contain ing tho several legal opinions which ho has obtained relativo to his right to a pension, by virtue of his services as a Minister of tho Crown, and it is rumored that tliey will bo circulated amongst hon. members shortly after tho meeting of Parliament. In consequence of tho recent cases of sticking-up at tho cutting in King street, Mr Orkney, the mem ber for tho district, wrote to tho Chief Secretary, re questing that a policeman might bo stationed there throughout the night, to provent tho recurrence of such outrages. Mr M'Culloch promptly replied to the communication, and at once acceded to the ro quest. Tho inhabitants of tho locality will now be enabled to go to aud from tlieir liomos with some degree of safety. A salo of special Crown lands in fee simple was hold at the survey office, Ballaarat, on Thursday last. Tho amount realisod was about £1000. Tlio Tasmanian Legislature has folloivod tho example of tho Victorian, and has resolved to re duce tho salary of its future Governors. Tho total cost of the establishment of the present Governor, including residence, is said to bo £12,000 per annum. Ho receives £6700, besides allowances to tho amount of £1500. Tho amount proposed to bo paid in future is £1000 per annum, aud no allow ances. During the debate on tho question, it was suggested that 'tliey had bettor petition Victoria to lake them uuder her wing, and to give them a superintendent.' An accident, which might have been attended with moro serious consequences, occurred on the Kilmore road about midnight on Thursday. A man named Robert Reevos and a companion woro driving a spring cart, and when about thirtoen miles from Melbourne their vehicle was ran into by another, and tho shock occasioned by tho collision was so great that Reevos aud his companion were thrown out. The injury sustained by Reeves was a fracture of tho left ann, but tho other man, although thrown on his head, complained of nothing further than a good shake. Tho annual meeting of tlio Hotliam Volunteer Artillery Battery wa3 held, last night, in the orderly room, Chotwyn street. Captain Gell presided. Ser geant Armstrong read tho financial report, which showed that tlio funds in hand amounted to £7 5s, and the estimated liabilities £1G. The orderly-room was erected about teu months ago, the building and furnishing of which cost somewhere about £110. A , moonlight parade of tho corps is to take placo on Thursday [evening, when a full muster is expected. A special meeting was held yesterday, in the In solvent Court, in tho estate of Margaret Callaglian, tho widow of a farmer, residing at Moonee Ponds. Tlio insolvent was examined b3'Sir George Stephen, on behalf of the creditors, as to lier dealings with .the property. Her answers were extremely unsatis factory, aud at length tho Commissioner committed her to gaol for twenty-four hours, for prevarication. In tho Equity Court yesterday, tho rules nisi for sequestration in the estates of Michael Hogau and Emanuel Fox, were mado absolute. Tho decision in the lattor caso was of some importance, the insol vent having absconded, and thus rendered personal service impossible. At tho sitting of the East Collingwood Police Court yesterday, Samuel Stanley was brought up on warrant, charged with uttering a forged cheque, for tho sum of £133. The cheque was drawn upon tho Union Bank of Australasia, and bore tlio signature of Power and Rutherford. Tho officer, in asking for ft romand, statod that tho cheque had been given by the prisoner to Mr Woodin, tho landlord of tho Grace Darliug Hotel, East Collingwood, to havo deductod from it his bill for ono night's lodging, a breakfasi, and dinner. On the faith of tho cIiq^uc being a genuine one, Mr Woodin advanced tlio pri soner 20s. After considering tho matter, Mr Woodin folt ratlaor suspicious about it, and Uo, therefore, made inquires at tho bank, and also wont to Messrs. Powor and Rutherford, when ho found that tho chcquo was a forgery. Ho mado ap plication to Mr Sturt, P.M., who granted a warrant for tho apprehension of the prisoner. Tho warrant was placed in tho bauds of the East Collingwood polico, by whom tho prisonor was apprehended tho same evening. Tho request made by tho officer for a remand, pending further investigations, was granted. It is understood that the presont is only ono of a number of similar charges which aro to be brought against Stanley. The Blue Mountain Rush appears to bo unfor tunate in its Surveyors. The Ballaarat Star says : — 'When tho rush first broke out thero wero all sorts of disputes about registrations, as tho rush was held to cover ground traversed by tho boundary of tho Ballaarat and Castlemaine districts. Undor tlicso circumstances, tho Government decided, after a survey by a Mr Smith, to create tlio locality a special district, and Mr R. H. Homo was ap pointed registrar. But it then turned out that tho survey of tho district was questioned, and at length Mr R. Davidson, mining registrar of Bal laarat, was instructed by tho Mining Department to make a survey. This has been done, and Mr Davidson reports that tho wliolo of tho rush is at tho township of Newbury and within the Castlo maino district aftor all. We prcsumo, therefore, that tho previous fiction by tho Government will have to bo undone. Mr Davidson states that ho found snow lying two feet deep on tho Blue Mountain Ranges.' We aro in receipt of our Adelaide files to tho 15th inst., but tho papers contain nothing of interest. They aro entirely filled eithor with English news or accounts of tho lato crisis, tho result of which has already appeared in our telegraphic intclligonco. Tho Melbourne Criminal Sessions terminated yesterday. Henry Pownall Sawell, Thoodoro Han cock, and Arthur Anderson, tho three late directors of tho Provident Instituto committed for trial upon a clmrgo of conspiring to defraud tho depositors, wero remanded until tlio next sessions, bail being accepted iu each caso in the defendant's own recog uizance of £1000, with two sureties of £500 oach, Joseph Davis and Benjamin Osborne, who had pleaded guilty to garotting tho man Campelior, were brought up and sentenced — tho former to seven years' hard labor on tho roads, and the latter to five. Alex. Mayno, charged with perjury, waa acquitted. Lorimer Fison was informed against for publishing an obsceuo book, purporting to expose tho abominations of a religious sect known as ' tho Wroeites.' Ho defended himsolf with considerable ingenuity. Tho publication was not disputed, hut it was denied that tho book was obscene. Tho defendant waa found guilty, aud his Honor ordered him to bo liberated on his own rocognizance, to ap pear when called upon, expressing an opinion that tho cuds of justico had been answered by tho recording of the verdict. Joseph Clark was con victed of larceny, and sentenced to nino months' imprisonment. Henry Sims, an intelligent boy, who had pleaded guilty to stealing a watch, aud who was un« dergoiug a former sontonce, was now sentenced to ono month's imprisonmout, to bo twice privately whipped during that time. Thomas Goodsir, late accountant at tho Colonial Bank, Sandhurst, who was convicted tho previous day of stealing a bill of exchange from tho bank, received a sentence of two years' im« prisonmeut, the first woek of each alternato month to be spent in solitary conlinemont. Tho annual goneral meeting of tho subscribers to the Lying-in- Hospital, was held yesterday, at tho building in Madolino street, Carlton. Owing to tho circiuustanco that, subsequent to tho general businoss, a special meeting would bo held for tlio election of a duly qualified . medical man to the offico of honorary physician vacant by the retirement by effluxion of time of Dr. Turnbull, and that tliia gentleman's ro-olection waa contested, thero was an extraordinary concotirso of tho subscribers — ladies and gentlemen. Tho board room was crowded to excess, and many of tho subscribers, especially of tho sternor sex, had to content tliomsolvcs with a position outsido tho door, whoro they could boo littlo of tho proceedings, which woro not, however, by any moans inaudible. Mr E. P. Sturt occupied tlio chair. Tho report and financial statement woro adopted without opposition. Sir Wm. Stawoll, Mr Pohlman, and Mr A'Becket, M.L.C., wero cloctod trustees, to bo recommondod to tho Government for approval. Mr P. O'Brien and Mr M'Bain woro elected members of tho Managing Committoo in place of Messrs Dickson and Powor resigned. And tlio meeting then came to tho question of tho day— - tho election of an hon. physician for tlio ensuing period of fivo years. A warm discussion took placo on the preliminary question, whether proxies should be allowed in voting. It was decided in tlio aflirma« tivo by 35 votes to 27. Dr Black protested against this discussion, and withdrew from tho contest, and Dr Turnbull wns then, in tho absenco of other opposition, proposed, soconded, and declared duly elected. Tho proceedings wound up with a voto of thanks to tho ladies nnd gentlemen of tho managing conimitteo, tho medical officers of tho insti tute, and tlio chairman. Itmay beremarkod as charac teristic of tho proceedings, that tho subscribers presont wero loaded with proxies, and for an hour after the closo of tho meeting, cabs, buggies, nnd othor vehicles arrived in great haste, containing voters fearful lest they should bo too lato to give in their personal votes and proxies. With consider able astonishment they loaniod that tho business on which tlioy camo was already disposed of. Tho St. Patrick's College Creditors' Relief Fund Committee met at St. Frauds' School- room yester day afternoon. But littlo business was transacted, since it was found that no dividend could bo declared without tho consent of the goneral body of subscri bers. Tlio meeting was consequently adjourned until Tuesday next for tho preparation of a report which will tlion bo brought up aud considered, and a meeting of tho subscribers will be convened imme diately after. We understand that Major- General Chuto, at tended by Colonel Anderson, will visit Williams town to-day, for the purpose of inspecting tho Naval Volunteer Brigade. As this is tho first visit of tho General to that place, it may bo expected that thero will bo a good muster of the corps. A meeting of committoo and collectors, appointed at a publio meeting for tlio extension of tho accom modation in connection with tho national schools, Carlton, was held in the school room on Thursday evening, when tho subscriptions raised, up to tlio above date, were handed in, amounting to £02 10s. It was agreed lo keep the subscription list open for n few weeks longer, in tho hope of increasing tho sum to £100. ' John Johnson, the Danish seaman who lately stabbed the female, Davis, in Little Bourko street,, and tho oilier men, named Nolan and Cook, charged, as accessories to the olleuce, were brought bo&ro;: tho Polico Court yesterday. The caso was only partly investigated, as the female is at present, totally unfit to leave the Hospital. Tho ovi.ifpnco of a boarding-housekeeper in King-street, nr-jn.ed Wil son, was taken. Tho threo prisoners Cfijno to iiis^ houso on Sunday afternoon, the 511} inst., nnd, aftor remaining for a littlo v/hil«, left. Shortly after midnight Johnson retuviied, und asltod for a bed. When ho was told ho could not bo accommo dated, he said to Wilson that ho had committed murder, as ho had stab'oe(l girl in whoso com pany ho had been. H 0 thon left, and in tho morn ing, when ho was as' l!0,i about it by Wilson beforo tho other two priso' ner3) wi10 then called for him, i ho denied it, 3ayiug that thero was no | tiling in it. Tho threo then loft, and went toward.' , Brighton, as tho landlord of the Rotxcfct Imi thoro gftvo ovidonco that thoy cftUei fcliafc , afternoon for work. Cook, liowoyeri must have relumed to Melbourne, as he was arrested by Detective Jennings in Flinders street on the following Thursday; and tho other two, Johnson and Nolan, wero afterwards taken at a farm near Mordialloc. Johnson was identified by tho female after his arrest as the man who stabbed her, and in lier presence ho admitted having done it, and said that ho was sorry for it. The only way tho other two prisoners seem connected with tho case is in their being in his company both beforo and after he CuSmittcd the offence ; but as they evidently had no participation in it, it is not unlikely that when tliey arc brought before the court again, either ono or both of them may bo discharged. In Knottier portion of this issue will bo found tho instructions issued by tho Government to the several registrars appointed under the Electoral Act. Tho instructions may bo taken as tho inter pretation placed by the Government upon tho pro visions of tho Act, and aro thereforo of considerable importance. Tho city coroner hold an inquest yesterday, in the Melbourne Hospital, on tho body of Henriette Schrevegula, aged 35, who had died in tho accident ward on tho previous day. Tlio deceased had had her face and head severely burned on Tuesday lust, by falling into tlio lire wlion in tt fit. Tho husband of tho deceased stated that UiB wife was subject to fits. Botweon 10 and 11 o'clock on Tuesday even ing he had gone out into the yard to cut some wood, leaving his wifo alono in tho room sitting by tho iiro. Ho was absent only a few minutes, and when ho went in again ho found tho deceased lying with lier faco in tho firo. Ho got lier out as quickly as pos sible, and seeing that her head and faco wero severely burned he had her conve3'ed to tho Hospi tal. Tho daughter of the deceased spoko to tho fre quency with which her mother had lits, and narrated several instances of her being very suddenly seized with them. Dr Kompotes, resident surgeon, at tended deceased while in tho Hospital. She was severely burned over tho left sido of laco and head. Ho did not considor that tho burns would havo been serious in tho case of ono enjoying good health, but tho deceased being of an enfeebled constitution had severe attacks of convulsions. Iu his opinion, death was the result of tho burns described occurring in an enfeebled constitution. Tlio jury roturned a verdict accordingly. At tho weekly mooting of tho Immigrants1 Aid Society, held on Friday, tho Superintendent made tho following return : — Nunber of inmates in tho Home, as reported lust week, 575 ; admitted since, 149 ; persons who havo received out-door roliof, 55 ; total relieved, 779. Discharged from tho Homo during tho week, 135. Total at present remaining, 589 ; consisting of children cliargcablo to tho Government, 370; cases cliargcablo to tho so ciety, 213. Tho ball recently given by Captain Martin, of tho Richmond Rifles, to tho ladies who presented tho colors to tho corps, and those who assisted in tho erection of tho orderly room, having proved so successful, it was determined by tho corps to give a return ball, which accordingly came off last night in tho orderly room, Gipps street. Excellent music was provided by Zeplin's band ; and tho most important portion of tho entertainment, in tho cator's department, was entrusted to tho hands of Lost Bryant, who discharged his duties with his customary success. Especial credit is duo to tho decoration committee, considorablo tasto being displayed in tho arrangement of stands of arms, bayonets, ifcc., in tho form of stars aud other devices, while flags of all nations were draped around with picturesque effect. Tho room was well lighted, and the decorations appeared to great advantage, sot off as they wero by tho kaleido scopic lines reflected from tho gay dresses of tlio ever- moving throng beneath. A largo proportion of tho company was composed of tlio Richmond Rifles and Artillery, tho members of which corps appeared in uniform. Thero wero altogether about 100 couples present, including several of tho officers 'ii;' 7 metropolitan corps, and tho ball was kept up with great spirit until an early hour in tho morning. Tho proceeds will bo devoted to tho liquidation of tho debt upon tho orderly room. An action, Watson v. Motteram, was tried in the County Court yesterday, in which the plaintiff sought to recover £135 under unusual circum stances. It appeared that a firm had become insol vent, owing to tho creditors a certain amount of money. Plaintiff, being ono of tho creditors, agreed to collect tlio debts, on condition that he received so much in tho pound for his trouble, in addition to his fair division of tho assots, and it was upon this agreoment that tho claim was mado. Tho defence ?was, that the contract was illegal. Tho court gavo judgment for tho plaintiff for tho ft.Il amount. Tho counsel engaged in tho caso were, for tho plaintiff, Mr Newton ; for tho defendant, Mr Dawson. A public meeting of tho inhabitants of South Yarra was called by advertisement for yesterday even ing, to take into consideration tho affairs of the Sontli Yarra Common School. Tho attendance wa3 small. Dr. W. Thomson was called to tho chair. A motion to adjourn tho mooting, in consideration ofthcpaucity of the attendance and tho fact of its being insuffici ently advertised, was negatived. 3Ir Snowball, as ono of tho preliminary committee, appointed six months since, for the institution and manage ment of tlio school, read a report, stating that the avorago attendauco of scholars during tho past threo months had boon ninety-five, and tho average for tho whole period of six months considerably abovo that required to entitle the school to a sharo in tho grant under the Common Schools Act. This grant had not yot boon obtained, but there was every rea son to believe that if tho school could be continued it would be. Tho committee of management wero not, however, prepared to carry it on any further. It had cost them a considerable expenditure of time, trouble, and money. The funds to defray the pecuniary outlay woro not forthcoming, and although tho school hud in ovory respect answered then- expectations, and was much approved in tlio neighborhood, they were unwillingly compellod to resign their position as a committee at tho closc of tho poriod of six months, for which they wero originally- appointed, and allow tho school to come to a conclusion. Tliey were the more deter mined in this course that tho school, although tho only really eligible school building in tho neighbor hood, and well adapted for tho purpose, yet required certain repairs aud improvements, which, as a committee, they wero not prepared to undertake at thoir own cost. But for tho necessity of this last-named expenditure the school would have been a success. Mr Snow ball added that certain influential and wealthy per sons in tho neighborhood, who had at first ex pressed their desire for a common school and had promised money and other assistance, had failed to fulfil their promises, and had even sent their children to other schools ont of tho neighborhood. Regret was expressed hy several persons that tho school at this juncture, after so much labor on tho part of the committee aud so near an attainment of success, should bo allowed to fall through. Several members of the committee concurred in this expression of regret, but remained firm to tho first determination to proceed no further with it, unless pecuniarily supported by the public. The report was, on the motiou of Mr Eaton, seconded by Mr Zeigler, adopted. Propositions wero made for tho adjourn ment of the meeting, in order to afford tho public an opportunity of taking steps for tho continuance of tho school. Tho committco declined, on the ^ ground that the public had been already sufficiently notified of tho matter, and particularly tho parents, through the children attending tho school. They offered to adjourn it, however, if anybody would undortako tlio expense of making the required re pairs, and the maintenance of the school during tho next fortnight. As no person volunteered to do this, tho motion for adjournment was negatived, and tho proceedings wero formally closed, leaving it to tho public to take whatever stops might be deemed proper for reinstating tho school, if considered de sirable. It is announced in our advertising columns that tho Rev. E. E. Jenkins, lato of Madras, will preach to morrow, in the Wesleyan Church, Brunswick street, Fitzroy, in connection with tho Sabbath School Anniversary. On next Monday evening, at half past six o'clock, the annual tea meeting is to be held in tho adjoining school rooms, after which a public meeting will bo held in tho church, tho chair to bo taken at half-past seven o'clock, by tlio hon. Alexander Fraser, M.L.C. Tho meeting is to be addressed by the Revs. D. J. Draper, chairman of tho district, E. E. Jenkins, Raston, Dare, Annear, and tho ministers of tho circuit. A quadrupedal and almost historical celobrity has como into the possession of Mr Davidson, tho mining surveyor, Ballaarat, in tho shape of one of the horses employed iu the Burko and Wills ex ploring expedition. Tho Star advises tho Secretary of tho Mechanics' Iustituto to open firo upon Mr Davidson for tho behoof of tho forthcoming Mecha nics' Institute bazaar. A Geelong contemporary says — ' Of all tho pa pers that reach us by tho mail steamers, the dryest reading is in tho Delhi Gazette. Names of persons aro repeated with tirosomo iteration, and although each name is poly syllabic, it seems requisite for identification lo state tho father's or brothor's names also. Under date Oth May, from Cabool, wo road: — When all the Khans and Sirdars had taken leave, Sirdar Mahomed Alloe Ivhan turned towards Moor Akliora Ahmed Khan, andAnleejah Mohamed Ooomar IChau Rulclia, and, talking about different subjects, said that Sooltan Ahmed Jan had died a natural death in Herat, on tho 17th Shawal, aud that the body of Sooltan Ahmed Jan, as arranged by Sirdar Shahnawaz Khan, has been removed to tho tomb of Klnvaja Ubdoollah Unsaree, and buried thero. Tho younger son of Sooltan Ahmed Jan, with twenty Herateo chiefs, accompanied tho funeral. After tho ceremonies, Sirdar Mohamed Oomcr Khan, tho brother of Sool tan Ahmod Jan, Sirdar Meer Ufzul Khan Cand [ haree, and Sirdar Ghoolam Mohay-ood-doon Khan, having consulted between themselves had got tlio turban of Sooltan Ahmod Jan tied on tho head of Sirdar Shahnawaz Chan, aud placed him on his father's guddoe.' ' Tho ' Merry Wives of Windsor ' was again pro duced last evening at the Theatre Royal, to an ex ceedingly good houso. This ovoning thero will bo an ontiro change of performance, tho pieces set down in tho programme being ' A New Way to Pay Old Debts,' in which Mr Sullivan will appear as Sir Giles Overreach ; aud Theodoro Hook's comedy, 'Exchange no Robbery.' Prior to tlioir departure for New Zealand, tho Christy Minstrels will givo six concerts in St. George's Hall, Bourko street. Tho first will take place on Monday evening uext, and, judging from tho programme, the entertainment will be of a very superior description. Tho performances of tho Minstrels have always mot with great approbation, and wo havo no doubt but thoy will securo a fair sharo of public patronage. 