EMIGRATION TO VICTORIA. The Home News reports' that a movement has been sot on loot in the city of London td relieve the d's trcss in the cotton manufacturing districts by means of emigration to the colony of Victoria, Australia.. A number ot gentlemen, merchants, and others, headed by Mr Childers, M.P., interested in the colony, and wall acquainted with its requircrlciits, have formed themselves into, a society for that1 pur pose, and are now applylng' themselves to the work, primarily in the interest' of the distressed cotton, spinners, and next in that of the colony, where labor is in great reqiiGSt. 'The society, though it had been in existence. only a . few weeks, has a'roady inised upwards of L4500. The'Mansion-house coninjitteo has given L1000, twenty of tho morcantile houses in the city, have; subscribed each LlOO' or guineas, thirteen more of them ? L50 or gi'ineas each, and many others smaller sums;'to start the movement. Mr j. G. Knight, Jato commissioner for Victoria to the International Exhibition, and now emigration agent *n this country for the Government, of the colony, is at present in Lancashire making arrange ments for drafting off those of tHo; unemployed, people who choose to go, and large numbers of whom are said to bo clamourous to avail themselves of the opportunity. At a meeting of the managing com mitteb^of the society a report made by Mr Knight from Manchester was read. He states that there? are thousands of eligible people connected with and affected by the manufacture of cotton who are most :anxious to emigrate. Thoy are not merely spinners, .weavers, dyers, and the like, but carters., laborers, carpenters/bricklayers, engineers, and smiths, and a large number of tidy-looki'ig domestic servants. He had selected many of those people who were either in receipt of relief or in very great distress. - There was no need to fear, he said, that by the preient or larger draft from the manufacturing districts they would be likely to. swamp the . colony with rseless hands: Prior to going into the mills a very con siderable number of factory operative were engaged in outdoor work, and it ; would be no great effort for those people to fall back upon their former pursuits, most of which were quite congenial with colon'al life. He had just made his selection of families, eqi'al to 160 adults, to sail by the Southern Ocean from'Liverpool, and 60 more .would go by the Lightning on the 5th of June. The operatives in several districts are, forming emigration societies, and are collccting small wookly subscriptions. The Gorernmcnt Emigration Board, he says, has funds for sending out single women, qualified as domestic servants, who have only to pay 10s and find their outfit and railway fare to the port of embarkation ; also married couples (being far.n laborers), with not more than two children, at- L2 per adult. He.thinks if that were made public, and the society .would offer to pay that head money, or part, plenty of people would apply. lie describes the people, in the cotton districts as clamorous for emigration, and his offico in Manchester as being besieged by appli cants. By the last mail he had forwarded, to Mel bourne a strong appeal for funds,,and had advised the formation of a colonial society to work with, the one in. London The chairman stated that, in addi tion to the batch of emigrants mentioned by Mr Knight as being about to proceed from Liverpool, 100 single women will leave f Southampton, by the ship.Robert Smnll, on or about.the .2nd of Juno.. A proposal of Mr. Knight, to grant assisted passages, to upwards of 300 statute adults, hail been accepted;by tho Manchester Emigrant's Aid, Committee, for the Cotton Districts, lately established in Manchester,' with the mayor at' its .'head, and with the object of receiving and distributing funds.for the assistance of distressed operatives'desirous, of, emigrating. The committee then voted Ll,200, to pay the expense of outfit and-railway'fares fcV the* port, of embarkation for.about 400 emigrants, being, at the rate of: L3 a hoad. The whole cost of emigration .to-Victoria is about L17 for each adult, and of this the .colonial Government will pay L10 'f L4 more is raised in the locality. : Tun . PROPOSED . BANQUET 'to THIS Kthbtom M.TJ.A.'S.-" Some 'hitch,'" .saysjthe'Herald, u hhs suddenly interfered vritb the -" great demon stration" which was to ' have' taken . place at Kyneton in honor' of the'local M.L.A.'s. The GuqrdiatiInforms.'us that " Thoi meeting.was- to have 'been' held orf Monday, for the purpose of gett'ng up a public din.oer to ;the 'Hons. W. H. F. Mitchell anil' Francis Robertson,..jVt.L.U.'s, andlMessrsv- Snotlgra^Wdyrircker, .M.L.A/s, did not' take place on account' of the paucity of at-. tendance, .and we 'P.tcI informed ..that is; is l:kcly the intention will be abandoned." . Too bad !" THE EXCHANGE Hotri..-We hear it is pro vable that;, the Exchange; 'Hotel,'' 'which'.* was. recently accidentally.r destroyed- by ft-e,.".wjllllie.. rebuilt by the Insurance Companies. It' was stated, in evidence before the. Coroner, that at onetime the building was insured for £1,500, )but 'that during Mr. Patterson's tenancy the amount of the insurance on the building was re duced to .£800. We understand that an offer has been iriutic to the Alliance and Victorian Fire insurance offices to rebuild the hotel lor £400, <.0i, lwlftho amourit of thu Insurance.-^#/ Jk Afull A LAWJKK AMOXGST LAWnRKAKKnfl.-0(1 Sun day morning last, the 28th ult., a conch left Lambing Flat for Forbes, having ns passengers Mr. and Mrs. Armstrong, Mr. Frendergast, and n German. For about seventeen miles everything passed pleasantly, At that point, however, Messrs. Gilbert and O'Menlly, the well known "road contractors," were met with, who proceeded to take .stockj and en,«cd the occupants of the vehicle df what little cash there was among thcin. Many jokes wtire bandied abotit between the learned lawyer (who lias Had the honor It sefins of legally defending some knights of the road) and these gentry, who_ bid so fair to become clients oh a future occasion. The plunder was not extensi+e, amounting to a couple of pounds or so-some valuable jewellery escaping detection-but the toll-takers appeared perfectly satisfied, and the whole arrangement ended in drinks. It is pleas ing, as the Miner of the 1st inst. jocosely observes, ti find so much good feeling prevail on the road to Yotittg. Mf. Frendergast, who is back in Forbes, declafes that the gin lie had tb drink with the ruffians was flrst- ratci-S, M. llcrtdd. CAUGHT AT IJAST.-On Monday a notorious Chinese thief paid a Visit to Taylor's paddock, Strathloddon, and not finding anything European to tako his fancy, amused himself by overhauling the tent of a fellow Celestial, in which it seems and probably unknown to the thief-a consider able sum of moftfiy happened ttf be. This he took, but not satisfied, he bundled np the plankets, and was in the act of leaving, when, fortunately, the owner returned, and gave chase, giving the cry at the sametimo. After'im exciting run, the thief jumped down a hole, andiwas captured. The Chinamen tied the, thief up by his tail, and each one cuffed and'kicked him to their heart'R content, and would .probably havciiung liim'outriglit but for inteffcretlce. Ilc was eventually handed over .to the Vaughan police and marched off to the .lock-up.--At. A. Mail. Cleaning Up !-'The most effectual cleaning up which has come under our notice for some time past , occurred on Sunday night last, at a crushing''machine, situated on Simmond's Reef, near Blackwood; The whnle of the ripples, copperplates, quicksilver, and gold were removed from the machine-house in globo. By following the footprints, the pilfereri were discovered at a distance, of six miles away, with the plunder .in their possession. The depredators' formed a group: of Mongolians, eight in number.-Dat/les ford Erprcs*.' " Tim TAR An ALE Starring CASE.-The colonial career of Jones, who. is chargcd with stabbing Constable Madden, at Taradale, furnishes, a prac tical condemnation of the M'stem which seta loose upon society men ; convicted of capital crimes. According to. tile Mount Alexander yl/ntV, Jones is an " old hand." He is a ticket-of-leavc holder for Melbourne. In 1856 he was tried in Mel bourne on a charge of committing a rape, was found guiltyj and sentenced to death j that sen tence was commuted, and the wretched'fellow, was sentenced to 'fifteen years on the roads. He ob "ta'ned 'a': ticket-df-leave on the 28th May. last* having done about'half, his time. It is evident he soon returned to, his , old manner of life lie is suspected to be one of a gang who have for-a long time past infested Taradale and Elphihstone. The cowardly crime with which he now stands charged will probably bo so cleared proved against him that he' will receive a fresh sentence, lie is an athletic, "determined looking fellow.-Herald. THE LATE ACCIDENT AT THE WHITE FLAT. William Duncan, who was the sole survivor of the family that was buried by the landslip at the White Flat, died yesterday in the Hospital; so that by this dreadful accident no less than five persons have been destroyed. It was at one time thought that Duncan was likely to recover, but the injuries were too severe to allow of his rally- ing from their effects.—Star. DR. MUELLER KNIGHTED.-We (Argus) learn Mr. Were, Danish Consul, that His Danish Majesty has raised Dr. Frederick Mueller,, F.R:S., to the honor of knighthood of the orders of Dannebrog. We, understand that Dr. Mueller was a former subject of Denmark, and prior, to his coming to Australia he made a botanical sur- vey of Danish territory, extending over a series of years. TUB CASHMERE GOAT;-At the meeting of the Acclimatisation Society,1.held on Wednesday^; a letter was read'from'Mr. M'Cullough,'of Mary borough, who lias already borrfe half the expense of the introduction of the 'Cashinere ,goat, accept ing the terms offered him by the council, of pur chasing" the'.' two' young Angora bucks bred ijt;the Royal Park. Mr! M'Cullough addsL hope the council will not think that because th'ey have granted,my request for the two young' Aagora bucks, I have given, up the idea of having any more j on the contrary, I shall be only too glad to have the opportunity of .payingLGOO, any time within twelve months, ,from this date, for thirty head of pure bred Angora-goats." FEMALE .CHINESE- IMMIGRANTS.-One- nf the, chief ' objections made' to 'the introduction of Chinese immigrants- has been that only males, come, the women being left at home. One or two Chinese women orly are to be found in the colony. The " almond-eyed" race,^however, at,.last began to think'that :tlie' weaker' sex .might be brought, over, and'various proposals have been made by them for the introduction of wives, or " single females,!', from,,,China. Among a number of Celestials who, Janded'- yesterday afternoon at Sandridge, were a Chinese lady and an interesting little girl, about ieven -years of age.' The men, who appeared to'belong to a better class than usually come here, bad for themselves a number of cabs. . The lady mid child were accommodated ?with a close carriage', drawn'by a couple of greys. When, the luggage was all ready, a signal was given, and tlie whole party, headed by the car riage that contained their fair csmpanions, started off at a rapid pace for town. A gentleman. who was among the crowd watching the'landing,. very; courteously handed the ladies up the steps of the pier, and saluted them in the calm and.philoso4 phical manner of their countrymen. The elder of the two appears to be about eighteen or twenty, and in a Chinese point ol view will, doubtless, be pronounccd handsome. She is the wife of-a Chinaman who has made money in the land of his adoption, and who returned to the flowery land for the express object of bringing her'to his new home.-Arfnu, 16th July. NEW WAR STKAMKR FOR AUSTRALIA.-It is announced in the home journals that the Esk, 21, screw corvette, of 1,16!) tons and 250 horse power, has been commissioned at Portsmouth "for scrvice" on the Australian station. Several names arc. current as those of officers likely to receive" the command, and among the most prominent arc. Captains Boyce and Curtis. The Esk was ,ori-' ginally constructed for the Admiralty by ? Mr. Scott Russell. Since her last commission, how ever, her hull has been almost entirely,rebuilt,' and her engines have also updergone. considerable repairs. Her armament consists of sixtecn'8 inch guns, muzzle loaders, and four 40 pounder breech loading Armstrongs-all broadside guns-and one 110 pounder breech loading Armstrong n« a pivot forecastle gun. "1 J0' OPTICAL ILLUSION.-The following instance of singular optical illusion recently occurred inBriis-; sels. The .victim was' agentleman,. Vjio,Slicing, somewhat troubled' by cobwebs and spots in, his -eyes, rubbed-them with drop's of bellndrnjoa.'. iln; the morning the cobwebs were gonp, but Uhe 'whole outer face of the world had changed;His newspaper, which had been, placed by his bedside;* was composed of type so email that' he'coiild hardly'decipher it lie rang the bell,-arid'his istout servant wench had sbrunk into a'.thiii'little .girl of ten years. He got up in a "great fright and looked after his clothes- they wwe the garments of a child, but, as his limbs' had diminished jji proportion, he got into thorn. He fotirui his wife and children at the table-the former a dwarf and tho latter a row of dolls. He hurried off to his physician j the horses lie met looked like dogs, the dogs like rats. Everything was lilliputian Lotions Were applied to the victim's eves, and the noxt day Brondignsg returnod, bringing baek the cobvrcbj snd ths tpoti. 