THE ROYAL MARRIAGE REJOICINGS. In no portion of Her Majesty's dominions was the news of the marriage of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to a Princess of the House of Denmark received with more joy than in this colony. Nowhere has it been celebrated with more enthusiasm and tho- rough loyalty. Although amongst the most distant of the colonies from the mother country over which the sway of Victoria ex- tends - although half the world stretches be- tween, and to many amongst us the mother country is but a distant recollection, and to others, the beneficial results of Her Majesty's long and virtuous reign are but as a tale - there were no differences of opinion as to the manner in which an event so important to the welfare of the kingdom and the happiness of the Royal Family should be celebrated here. Nor was there any niggardliness displayed in the preparations for the re- joicings appropriate to the occasion. The enthusiasm which broke out at Margate when the Royal bride reached the shores of England, which made London glorious in its welcome, and filled the islands with fires of joy, penetrated across the sea. As soon as the news of the accomplishment of the marriage was received - and, in this instance, the winds and seas were favourable to those who brought the glad tidings - the whole colony shared the sentiment by which our countrymen at home were animated, and threw itself into schemes for rejoicings and festivities with on ardour never before approached. It was felt that the time had come when a fitting mark of the loyalty of the colony could be shown, and when the public sense of the ad- vantages the nation has derived from the blameless reign of Her Majesty could be ap- propriately expressed. In the demonstrations, therefore, there was a deeper meaning than has ever before lain under the rejoicings over the marriage of the heir of the throne and one which cannot but be peculiarly gratifying to the Sovereign, coming as it does from a people of one mind in this matter, though scattered in communities widely over the world. Immediately after the arrival of the mail, on the 10th instant, it was resolved that a general holiday should be declared in honour of the Royal marriage. The corporation of Melbourne - Mr. Cohen, the mayor, being the moving spirit - were the first to move in the matter, and at their usual meeting on the 11th instant the first steps were taken for the ob- servance of the occasion worthily. It was originally proposed that Thursday, the 14th instant, should be the day, but it was found that the interval was far too short to per- mit of adequate preparations. Of enthu- siasm and money there was abundance, but there are limits beyond which even those powerful auxiliaries cannot go. In a com- munity so young, and with a people so scat- tered, there were difficulties of a practical cha- meter which could not be overcome. Skilled workmen for gas-fitting and decorative pur- poses were few in number, and the quantity of material they had to deal with was so limited, that wages and prices quickly rose to a fabulous pitch, and those who ran not fortunate enough to select their designs and close their contracts at the earliest moment, found the cost of the dis- plays they proposed to make advance from hour to hour with startling rapidity. Tues- day, the 19th instant, was at last generally agreed upon as the day of the demonstration and proclaimed a general holiday. Parliament voted the sum of £1,000 to supplement the amount (5G00) voted by the corporation of Melbourne, and the work of preparation began under the auspices of a committee of the City Council, of which Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbon, town clerk, was the able secretary. It is un- necessary to repeat here the programme agreed upon, as it will be found detailed in the reports which follow. It must be stated, however, that the liberality of Parliament and the corporation was emulated by the incorporated bodies, and by the merchants and public of Melbourne. By the most strenuous exertions, continued in some cases night and day, the whole city was covered with designs in gas and transparencies, and made glorious with flags and evergreens. Banners were hung across the streets, and displayed from the house-tops. The flags, the devices, and the transparencies, in many cases, bore inscrip- tions breathing the warmest wishes for the welfare of the Royal pair, often in the homeliest but heartiest Saxon. Processions of the trades, and of associated charitable and other bodies, and of the schools, were organized. It need scarcely be said that the volunteers turned out to a man, all wearing wedding fa- vours, and that soon after morning broke, they fired Royal salutes from artillery, and salutes of joy; the Victoria, His Netherlands Majesty's war steamship Djambi, and the merchant steamers lying in the harbour, joining with the thunder of their guns. For the poor a public table was spread in the Government reserve, where the school children also were feasted. Oxen were roasted whole on the Queen's Wharf, and in various other places, and bread and ale went freely round. By the liberality of many donors, the inmates of the benevolent institutions and hospitals were amply provided for, and concerts, games, and boat races were on the cards for the day, while dinners and balls divided with the illuminations and fireworks the interest of the evening. In the Exhibition Building, His Excellency entertained at dinner the members of both Houses of Parliament, the judges, the heads of departments, and nume- rous other guests. At sunset, the illumina- tions began, and at midnight they terminated, having, despite the weather, been a great suc- cess. While this was the programme for Mel- bourne, the suburban municipalities were not idle. They made their arrangements for local displays, which were only less attractive than those of the metropolis. Processions, triumphal arches, and displays of flags and mottoes marked the day in all of them ; and at night the illuminations and bonfires, as- sisted in lighting up the night as was never before done beneath an Australian sky. The country municipalities and town- ships of lesser importance were not behind in their demonstrations. Throughout the entire colony - from east to west and north to south \- Tuesday was observed with the most perfect unanimity as a day of rejoicing. At Sand- hurst, Ballarat, Castlemaine, Beechworth, and Geelong, large sums were spent in pre- parations. Mount Macedon, Mount Tarren- gower, Warrenhelp, and other prominent points of the Dividing Range, were crowned with huge bonfires. At Queenscliffe Schnapper Point, the Red Bluff, and other prominences of the Bay and coast, similar joy fires were kindled. All was loyal but the weather. A more unfortunate selection than Tuesday, as it happened, could not have been made. For days preceding there had been little wind, and a thick mist hung over the low grounds, obscuring the mountains from view. At an early hour, a smart soaking rain set in, with a north-east breeze, and as the morning advanced into day the rain seemed to increase in severity. The roads became a puddle, the grass unfit for dancing and games, and it seemed as if the whole demonstration must be postponed. At mid day, however, in a slight lull, the great procession started, though somewhat shorn of the proportions it was originally intended to fill. It had scarcely reached the marquee in the Government reserve, erected for the ac- commodation of His Excellency and Lady Barkly, when the rain recommenced, and the clouds lowered in a manner by no means pro- mising for the evening's display. Again hope almost failed ; but anon the wind lulled, the rain ceased, and the muddy streets became once more tolerable. All evening, however, thick masses of cloud rolled slowly along the sky from the north-east, and it was not till midnight came, and with it the close of the demonstration, that the public anxiety on the score of the weather ceased. Had the day been bright - had it been lees like a November day in England - a demonstration that was brilliant in spite of all that occurred to mar its effect, would have been an unalloyed success. Nothing could exceed the orderliness of conduct which prevailed throughout the day, or damp an enthusiasm which was so genuine and heartfelt. CITY OF MELBOURNE.- THE MORNING. The day opened most inauspiciously. The morning salutes wakened the citizens to the consciousness of the fact, that rain was falling heavily, and those who looked out of doors beheld a dreary prospect indeed. Rain was falling, not in a heavy storm, which might soon blow over, but with a monotonous steadi- ness, which seemed cettain to continue, and the prospect was bounded by a mist of that description known to the dismal as "Scotch." This was the more provoking, inasmuch as the last setting of the sun had given promise of a "goodly day to-morrow." Hoping all things, the citizens went on perfecting their preparations, but few ventured out into the streets, and the town up to eight o'clock was as quiet as on a Sunday morning. Over the city the mist was not so thick but that a full view of the decorations could be obtained, and the town dressed out for a high holiday, and yet so gloomy, presented a singular spectacle. The streets north and south, east and west, were decorated from end to end ; flags, ban- ners, streamers, and trophies, met the eye everywhere. Floating from the house-tops, waving from the windows, and, spread over buildings above and below, were the national flags of Britain and Denmark. Besides these, in all directions, bright colours were displayed, and in every conceivable form. Sunshine was all that was needed to render the scene one of great brilliancy ; with- out it, its beauties were well-nigh lost., Equally striking would have been the effect of the floral decorations. These also were nearly universal ; in many quarters they were strictly so. Loyalty had made each house a garden \- "Each street a park, Made green and trimmed with trees." Whole parades were concealed under foliage strings of evergreens, stretched across streets, and floral wreaths, chaplets, and festoons, mixed with mottoes, colours, and devices, combined to form an harmonious whole. Even the fog and rain could not entirely over- come the pleasing appearance of these decora- tions, but the feeling chiefly aroused was one of regret that so much beauty, labour, and skill, should have been expended not to be adequately enjoyed. The cathedral bells were ringing merrily, and looking from the Eastrn hill down either of the main streets, the eye delighted with the gay spectacle, and the ear filled with the joyous music, it was easy to see how great a success the demonstra- tion would have been had the weather been but ordinarily favourable, and it was impossible not to regret that so great a disappointment had been inflicted upon the citizens. The first stir in the streets was caused by the volunteers, who, soon after eight, were marching through the town to the general parade ground- the Rifles-, in their grey attire, looking veritable children of the mist. After them bands of laughing children, whose joyous anticipations of the treats to come nothing could damp, were to be noted wend- ing to the many gathering points, and after a time, as the rain began to fall off, the streets gradually became busy with pedestrians and vehicles. Still, during the morning, it was in the main only Melbourne people who ventured out; the thousands who, on holi- days, pour into the city from Brighton, Fle- mington, St. Kilda, and Richmond, came not, There was a suspicion in the public mind that the festivities would be postponed ; and indeed, this course of action was seriously contemplated. Telegraphic messages were sent to Kyneton, to learn from that elevated township what prospect there was of the weather clearing up, but no answers were re- ceived, and the Melbourne authorities were left to act according to their own judgement. His Excellency the Governor was promptly communicated with, and informed that, owing to the unfortunate turn affairs had taken some doubt existed as to whether the festivities should not be postponed, and if not, whether some alteration should not be made in the arrangements. In reply, Captain Bancroft arrived at the hall of the Royal Society about half-past eleven, and informed the mayor and members of the corporation, who by this time had assembled there, that His Excellency placed himself in their hands, and would either sanction a postponement, or would re- ceive the addresses which were to be pre- sented at any place deemed eligible. A con- sultation was then held in the Royal Society's Hall, as to the best way of carrying out the celebration. A postponement until Thursday was suggested, but the proposition met with very little favour. There was no guarantee, it was urged, that the weather would not be equally as inclement upon that day as the present, the popular enthusiasm would be allowed to flag, the arrangements would be irretrievably confused, and the pro- visions provided for the various entertain- ments would be spoiled. The mayor said he saw great difficulties in the way of a postponement, and as it was he was convinced that the loyal efforts of the citizens would overcome great difficulties. He, therefore, decided that the rejoicings should be car- ried out as nearly according to the pro- gramme as circumstances permitted. There was a difference of opinion as to whether His Excellency should be asked to receive the addresses in the Government-house reserve, or at the Treasury-buildings ; but, as there appeared some hope of obtaining tolerably dry quarters on the ground, and as a procession to the Treasury would have been little better than a farce, it was resolved to march to the Domain. Orders were at once given to form the procession, and within half an hour it had moved away. Shorn of its fair proportions, but with all of "pride, pomp, and circum- stance" which was possible, the proces- sion took its way through the town, and was followed out to the domain by some thousands of people. The rain about this time was not falling so heavily as it had done early in the day, and the streets of the city were tolerably crowded, though nowhere were they inconveniently rushed. The crowd, wrapped up in winter and waterproof gar- ments, presented anything but a lively ap- pearance, and though good humour and a determination to be pleased, carried the affair off very well, yet there was a singular contrast between the muffled-up men and women moving about below and the gay deco- rations above. Throughout the day the town after this was well filled, but the interest in the outdoor proceedings seemed to have vanished, and the "great sensation" looked forward to was the evening illumination. THE PROCESSION. The civic procession moved from the hall of the Royal Society, in Victoria- parade, at a quarter past twelve o'clock. Mr. Fitzgibbon, town clerk, acted as marshal, and led the way on horseback. The procession marched in the following order : The Corporation of Melbourne. Band. Members of tho Caledonian Society In Highland dress. Members of the Cambrian Society and Welshmen, preceeded by a Bard In chariot The Grand United Order of Oddfellows, each lodge with its banner The Trades Unions, each union with its banner. Foresters, with banners &c.; Decorated boat, drawn bv six horses. Manchester Unity Lodges. Bands of Hope. School children. Citizens, &c.; Nearly all the members of the corporation braved the risks of the journey, and accom- panied the procession on foot. The Caledo- nian Society was represented by thirty-three gentlemen in kilts, and a number of other members, who, though they donned a dis- tinguishing dress, were not wholly arrayed in Highland habiliments. The Welshmen were about thirty strong, and their bard, mounted on a gaily-decorated car, and playing his harp, was an object of great curiosity. The OddFellows, the Foresters, and the other mysterious bodies which followed in the wake of the Cymri were strong in numbers, but the procession was swollen out to the great length it attained by the numbers of school children, and members of the Band of Hope, who attended. The centre of attraction was, however, the water- men's float. The watermen of the Upper Yarra, not to be behindhand in their manifes- tation of loyalty, mounted one of their skiffs upon a waggon frame furnished by Mr. Morley, of Sandridge, rigged it with a mast, de- corated it gaily with flags and flowers, and harnessed six grey horses to it. In the bows a jovial sculler, dressed to personate Neptune, was seated ; and his flowing locks and his trident tickled the fancy of the multitude vastly. There were six watermen stationed about the skiff, with oars in their hands ; and three more rode upon the horses. At every turn the tars obtained applause. Several of the banners displayed in the pro- cession bore additional decorations, comme- morative of the event which was being celebrated ; and, in particular, the Carlton Band of Hope banner was tastefully decked with an upper construction of flowers and evergreens, portraits of the "happy couple" surmounting the whole. The ori- ginal intention was that the procession should proceed via Spring-street, Bourke street, Queen-street, Collins street, and Swanston street, to the Government- house reserve, but a turn was made at once from Bourke-street to Swanston- street, and so a large portion of the route was not traversed. As the procession passed through the decorated streets, it looked very well, but that is all that can be said for it. It was evident again that the rain had, to a great extent, spoilt all. But for this cause, the procession would have been the longest ever seen in Melbourne, and its passage through the town would have caused an outburst of enthusiasm. As it was, the preva- lent feeling was one of surprise that the people should have ventured out. The march was anything but a pleasant journey. The children would have stood a good chance of being washed down the channels of the flooded streets, had there not been plenty of willing hands to help them over. Melbourne streets were muddy enough, but the reserve was completely cut up by the traffic to the tents, and the procession had to struggle through a slushy compound more than ankle deep. There was a great crush at the reserve entrance-gates, but the pretty decorations of the Immigrants' Home attracted the attention of many, and a further portion of the crowd was drawn off by a gratuitous distribution of tickets to the corporation dinners being made. When fairly inside, the mud proved too much for the procession. It had to leave the path aud find a new way to the scene of the after- noon's operations. THE PROCEEDINGS AT THE RESERVE. At Government-house reserve, the domain situated immediately opposite the new Mili- tary Barracks on the St. Kilda-road, the cor- poration had made extensive preparations for the entertainment and amusement of the citi- zens. Nearly in a direct line with the Immi- grants' Home, two large pavilions were erected. The first of these was of unusually extensive dimensions, its floor was boarded, and it was surrounded by an iron fence. This was His Ex- cellency's pavilion, and the second one below was appropriated to the use of the Corporation. Facing them, and forming a semicircle, were sixteen other tents, of all sizes, from marquees capable of accommodating 1,000 people, to the ordinary publican's tent. It was in those that the children were supplied with refreshments, and that dinners were served to all who chose to apply. His Excellency's pavilion was at first the centre point, as it was understood that the various addresses which had been pre- pared would be presented before anything else was proceeded with. The procession wheeled round the pavilion into place, and the erection was speedily sutrounded by all the people on the ground. Inside, the tent was filled with a fashionable company. Many ladies were found to have disregarded the in- conveniences attending outdoor movements, and there were also present members of both Houses of the Legislature, the Dean of Mel- bourne and other ministers of religion, and many volunteer officers and prominent citizens. Messrs. Anderson and M'Mahon were the only members of the Cabinet in attendance. The Vice- Chancellor of the University of Mel- bourne, the Council, and the professors, and some forty of the graduates and students of the University were present, and the varied coloured rohes worn by these gentlemen quite enlivened the scene. A handsomely carpeted dais had been erected for the accommodation of His Excellency and suite, and an oval was formed in front of it with chairs, upon which the ladies were seated. The arrangement was elegant, but sitting under canvas for an hour, with rain dropping through in all parts, is, no matter under what circumstances, a severe tax upon a person's loyalty. His Excellency arrived at half-past one o'clock, and was enthusiastically welcomed both by the crowd outside and the occupants of the pavilion. He was accompanied by Lieutenant- Colonel Carey and Captain Bancroft. One of the heaviest showers of rain which was felt during the day fell immediately upon his arrival ; but the crowd took their soaking good-humourodly, and budged not an inch. A guard of honour, composed of ninety picked members of the different rifle corps, under Major Pitt and Captain Hammond, of the Hawthorn and Kew Rifles, which had been in attendance upon His Excellency, was, however, dismissed. The presentation of the addresses was at once proceeded with. The Mayor of Melbourne, with the members of the City Council,who were in attendance, first presented the corporation addresses. The members in attendance were Aldermen Eades and Keeley, Councillors Wragge, Jones, Bayles, Weedow, Goldsmith, Brown, Harbi- son, Hill, and Thorp. The MAYOR in the first instance presented and read the following address to the Queen : -" To the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty. "May it please your Majesty, " We, your most dutiful and loyal subjects, the mayor, aldermen, councillors, and citi- zens of the City of Melbourne, approach your Majesty ty with humble assurances of our de- voted attachment to your Royal throne and person. " We beg to offer our heartiest congratula- tions upon the happy marriage of your Majesty's eldest son, His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to the Princess Alexandra of Denmark - a union hailed with delight through all your Majesty's dominions, and from its origin and circumstances certain, with the blessing of Almighty God, to even- tuate in pure and lasting happiness to the august Prince and Princess, and in continued prosperity and peace to the empire. "Deeply sensible of all the blessings en- joyed by us and our fellow- subjects through- out the world under your Majesty's benign and exemplary sway, we pray that your Majesty's auspicious reign may long endure, and that a many-jewelled crown of children's children may be added to the Royal diadem, around which your Majesty has wreathed its brightest ornament - the grateful affection of your people." The MAYOR presented the following address to the Prince of Wales : "To His Royal Highness Albert Edward, Prince of Wales. "Mav it please your Royal Highness, "We, the mayor, aldermen, councillors, and citizens of the City of Melbourne, respectfully beg to offer to your Royal Highness our humble congratulations upon your Royal Highness's auspicious marriage, and to express our earnest hopes aud wishes that your union with the fair and august lady the Princess Alexandra of Denmark may be attended with every blessing, and with all the happiness and joy which Divine Providence can bestow." The MAYOR next presented the following address to the Princess of Wales : "To Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales. " May it please your Royal Highness, " We, the mayor, aldermen, councillors, and citizens of the City of Melbourne, respectfully beg to offer to your Royal Highness our humble congratulations on the auspicious occasion of your marriage. "' Partakers of the universal joy which the happy event has diffused amongst the British people, we desire to utter our acclamations of welcome to your Royal Highness, and our sincerest prayers and wishes, that, with your princely consort, the heir to the sovereignty of these realms, you may enjoy perfect felicity, aud every blessing." His EXCELLENCY said.- Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen,- As Her Majesty's representative in this province, I receive with the highest pleasure these addresses from the corporation and citizens of Melbourne, and I will take care that they are laid, as you desire, before the Throne. I feel that this expression of your good wishes cannot but be gratifying to the Prince and Princess of Wales, and that this fresh proof of your loyalty cannot but be ac- ceptable to the Queen. (Cheers.) 'THE CALEDONIAN SOCIETY. A deputation from the Caledonian Society was then iutroduced. Mr. J. S. BUTTERS said the members of the Highland Society felt great pleasure in present- ing the address. The Prince of Wales was a warm friend to Scotland, and it was but right that the Scotchmen of the colony should offer their congratulations upon the auspicious event which had taken place. He road the following address, which was magnificently illuminated:- "To His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales. Duke of Rothsay, Baron Renfrew, Earl of Carrick, and Lord of the Isles. "We, the president, vice-president, and directors of the Caledonian Society of Vic- toria, as loyal and dutiful subjects, humbly beg to tender our most heartfelt congratula- tions on the auspicious occasion of the union of your Royal Highness with the illustrious House of Denmark, and to record our most earnest prayer thnt a kind and beneficent Providence may unceasingly protect and bless our hope - the hope of the nation. " Signed on behalf of the members of the society. "A. M'MILLAN, President, &c.;" His EXCELLENCY said,- I shall feel great satisfaction in transmitting this beautiful and loyal address to His Royal Highness. I will also take care that it is accompanied by the version you were kind enough to send me in the language of the ancient Gael. Though His Royal Highness adds to his other titles those of Duke of Rothsay, Baron Ren- frew, Earl of Carrick, and Lord of the Isles, and although he has spent a con- siderable time in Scotland, yet he may not be able to read this version, and I will there- fore see that the English translation is sent at the same time. (Cheers and laughter.) Mr. A. C. M'DOUGALL then read the Gaelic version of the address (written by Mr. Angus M'Intyre) to which His Excellency had referred. THE CAMBRIAN SOCIETY. A deputation from this society, consisting of Messrs. B. G. Davies, J. Davies, and J. B. Humffray, M.L.A.'s, and Messrs. Miles and Collier, was noxt introduced. Mr. B. G. DAVIES read the address. "To His Royal Highness Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, Tywysog Cymri. "May it please your Royal Highness, "We, the president, the vice-president, and other members of the Cymreigyddion Society of Melbourne, in unison with all classes of our loyal Cambrian brethren resident iu Vic- toria, Australia, respectfully desire to offer our most heartfelt congratulations to your Royal Highness, the dutiful son of an illus- trious mother, our beloved Queen, on your happy marriage with Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra of Denmark. " We also venture emphatically to hail and address your Royal Highness as 'Our own Prince,' the Prince of Wales. "Although now far from our own dear native land, we cannot but feel that our best and warmest affections are there placed, and we would venture most humbly but firmly to express our hope that our land-' the Proud Land' from which your Royal Highness takes your first exalted title - may have fre- quent opportunities of seeing your Royal Highness, as we feel assured that the more your Royal Highness is acquainted with 'our land' the more you'will appreciate and enter- into the feelings of its people. "With the brilliant examples of virtue set before you by your Royal and illustrious parents, we predict the same happiness in your union that was enjoyed by your illus- trious and Royal parents. "And that the blessing of the Almighty God may attend your Royal Highness and your illustrious wife will be the constant prayer, ' Or holi Cymry.'" ' " Signed on behalf of the Cambrian inhabi- tants of Victoria. " THOMAS MILES, &c.;" HIS EXCELLENCY said,- Upon such an occa- sion it would have been an omission, indeed, if the loyal Cambrians resident in Victoria had neglected to present an address to their Prince. The address shall be transmitted to His Royal Highness, who will no doubt re- ceive it with pleasure. THE VICTORIAN BAND OF HOPE A deputation from the Victorian Band of Hope was then introduced. Mr. R. HEALES, M.L. A., read the address. " To nis Excellency Sir H. Barkly, &c.; " We, the members of the Victorian Band of Hope Union, desire to approach your Ex- cellency as the representative of our beloved sovereign Queen Victoria, and testify our loyalty and attachment to Her Majesty's per- son and throne. " We join with all ranks of Her Majesty sub- jects in sincere congratulation upon the most auspicious marriage of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and the Princess Alex- andra of Denmark. We devoutly wish long life and happiness to the young Royal pair, and pray that the ' Hope of England ' and the ' Rose of Denmark ' may worthily copy the example of our beloved Queen and Albert the Good. " We beg to inform your Excellency that the Victorian Band of Hope Union numbers more than 2000 juvenile total abstainers, each of whom heartily prays God save the Queen, and long life and happiness to Albert Edward and Alexandra. " We respectfully request that your Excel- lency will be pleaded to transmit this address to their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales." His EXCELLENCY replied,- I thank you, gentlemen, for the loyal address you have presented me with. I will take care that the loyal sentiments of the Victorian Band of Hope are made known to His Royal Highness, and I feel confident he will be deeply inte- rested in learning the progress the society has made. (Cheers.) THE WORKING-MEN OF MELBOURNE Tile next deputation was one appointed by the Working-Men of Melbourne. Mr. J. SELLERY read the address, which stated - " We, the working-men of the city of Melbourne and its vicinity, in the colony of Victoria, being devotedly attached to your Royal Highness, as the heir- apparent to the British throne, most respectfully tender our sincere congratulations on the marriage of your Royal Highness with the Princess of Denmark." The other passages of the address were of some length. HIS EXCELLENCY said,- I can assure the working men of Melbourne, through you, that their address shall be duly transmitted to the Prince of Wales. I think I may ven- ture to assure you in his name, that among the multitude of addresses which will reach him upon this auspicious occasion, there is not one he will look upon with feelings of more entire satisfaction than this one, con- taining the sentiments of the working men of Melbourne. (Loud cheers.) Congratulatory Oddfellows' and Foresters' addresses were also presented, and received in a suitable manner. ODES. Two odes were presented to His Excel- lency,- the first, composed by Mr. J. F. Blanche, of Tullamarine, is designated a "Colonial National Anthem." It is of seven verses, the following being the third and fourth : The Prince and Princess bless ! God grant them happiness Their safeguard be God of the land and seal Oh, may they ever be, The Royal Family - Preserved by Thee God bless our Governor ! Thy blessing evermore On him remain Our Legislators, too May the e'er keep in view, In all they say or do Their country's gain. The following is the secend ode. It is written by " Cora Lynne " (Miss Black, late of Glasgow): - THE ROYAL MARRIAGE The Prince, who stands our throne beside, To fairest bower hath brought his bride, The people's loving heart thrown wide'. Short time since, in their morning skies, Bid this now star of love arise, Long be it ere its radiance dies. Noble in heart and pure n life, Through joy or woe, through peace or strife, As Albert's mother, be his wife. And worthy branch of noble tree, May Albert Edward prove to be ; \- As the "Good Albert" was, be he. The original intention was, that the Na- tional Anthem should be sung and a Royal salute fired before the procession broke up, but this part of the programme was aban- doned, as the rain continued to fall, and it was not thought desirable to keep the visitors longer than was necessary. His EXCELLENCY announced that the pro- ceedings had terminated. He said, - I regret exceedingly that our rejoicings have been in- terfered with to so great an extent by the inclemency of the weather. Still, postpone- ments are always dangerous, and I think the Mayor has, upon the whole, taken a prudent course in deciding that the loyal demonstra- tion prepared for the occasion shall be pro- ceeded with. Before dispersing, I will ask you to give three cheers for Her Majesty the Queen, and three cheers for the Prince and Princess of Wales. The cheers were heartily given, and also three cheers for the Governor, and three for the Mayor. A large and handsome wedding cake was then placed before His Excellency. His EXCELLENCY, before proceeding to cut the same, remarked that he ought to have been accompanied by Lady Barkly, but she, being subject to severe attacks of neuralgia, was unable to venture out upon so stormy a day. On her behalf, he expressed the regret she felt at not being able to attend. Three cheers for Lady Barkly were then given. The cake was next distributed among the visitors, refreshments were partaken of, and shortly afterwards His Excellency took his departure. Immediately upon this, the corporation dinner was served in the marquees, and re- freshments were given to the school children. Altogether, accommodation was provided for 6,000 persons, and no less than 1,200 children sat down. The proceedings were of a free and cosy order, and the meal was in every instance, more or less, of a scramble. There was a good deal of grumbling, both as to the quality and quantity of the refresh- ments, but whether it was just or not it would be hard to say. Although the afternoon cleared up, the ground was in such a state that it was impossible to carry on the sports which had been announced to take place, and these were accordingly postponed sine die. The Caledonian Society attempted to get up some Highland dancing on the platform, but only succeeded indifferently well. Dancing was commenced in the Governor's pavilion, but the company became gradually too large for the erection, and as the band returned to town about four o'clock this amusement had then to be discontinued. Until dusk, such games as " Kiss in the ring " were actively maintained by the younger and the more frolicsome, but gradually the crowd dispersed, and by six o'clock there were not fifty persons on the ground. At one time there were not less than seven thousand per- sons present Nothing occurred at the reserve until ten o'clock at night, when a display of fireworks took place from the crown of the hill, over- looking Melbourne. The signal discharge was of three purple rockets, and by arrange- ment it was immediately answered by a simul- taneous discharge of rockets and blue lights from Hobson's Bay, from St. Kilda, Rich- mond, and North Melbourne, and, in fact, from all the districts round the city. The display at the Government reserve was ample, even though it included no novelties. There were an abundance of rockets,Roman candles, &c.;, and one pretty device, " England's hope," with "A. A," and an ornamental border. The effect of the display from the town was very good, the commanding position of the site enabling it to be seen to great advan- tage. Viewed from the height, the town pre- sented a noble spectacle. It was literally a glowing mass of light, illuminnting the horizon for miles round. THE VOLUNTEERS. Before the sun had overcome the gloom of the morning and before a tithe of the citi- zens were on the stir, the reveille was sound- ing through the streets of Melbourne and the suburbs, calling the volunteers to arms. At this time — seven o'clock — the rain was falling heavily, and the volunteers who did brave the inclemency of the weather were certainly to be commiserated and applauded. Had the morning been fine there would have been an extraordinary attendance, for in some in- stances as many as sixty men out of seventy had sent in their names as sure to be on parade. The wet was, of course, a sore discouragement, for it must be acknowledged that the thorough soaking which all who turned out were assured of was a most un- pleasant way of commencing a holiday. The companies were ordered to be on the ground fronting the Prince's-bridge Barracks at eight o'clock — this early hour being named in order to liberate the men in time to take part in the festivities of the day in their civic capacities. Accordingly, about that time the silence of the town was broken by the march of the different companies from the various suburbs, and by half-past eight nearly 600 men were assembled at the rendezvous. Bri- gadier General Chute, the new commander-in- chief of Her Majesty's forces in the Australian colonies, was on the ground, and also Lieut. Col. Carey. The battalion of Rifles and En- gineers were under Lieut.-Col. Scratchley, the north battalion of Rifles was under Captain Radcliffe, and the south under Captain Krone ; and the force was under Colonel Anderson, with whom were Maior Pitt, Major Hall, Captain Snee, Captain Scott, and Captain Learmonth, of the Portland Rifles. The Naval Brigade, the Cavalry corps, and the Williamstown, Pentridge, and Brighton Rifle companies were not or- dered to parade, so that, in spite of the weather, the attendance of the force could not be called small. There was no crowd to cheer the men while performing their self-imposed duty in the wet and cold ; but their conduct will doubtless not be forgotten, and will earn them plaudits upon future occasions. The men each wore a white rosette on the left breast, and two companies, the Collingwood and Fitzroy, carried tasteful little bouquets on the muzzles of their rifles. The effect this ar- rangement produced was very pretty, and made the Collingwood men at once masters of the situation. As the rain continued to fall hea- vily, no time was lost in superfluous manou- vres. Line was at once formed, the ground occupied being the St. Kilda-road, imme- diately in front of the new barracks, and a feu-de-joie was fired. There were seven pieces of artillery on the ground, and when the fire had rolled from the right to the left of the line these were fired, and the bands played the bars of the National Anthem. This exe- cuted three times completed the feu-de-joie. The troops were then formed into fours, and marched past the brigadier- general, and were immediately afterwards ordered to town. On the road, however, a guard of honour was told off to receive His Excel- lency on the Government-house reserve. The guard consisted of eight picked men, with a sergeant, from ten different corps. On ar- riving at Flinders-street, the order was given to march to the private parade-grounds, and the general parade terminated. The Colling- wood and Carlton ban were on the ground, together with the general volunteer drum and fife band. The full strength of the latter was not, however, put forth, nor were the lads in their new uniform. The following return will show to which companies the most honour is due for braviug the inconveniences of the weather in discharge of their loyal duty :— Staff .. .. .. .. 6 13 0 R. V. V. Artillery .. .. 4 11 65 Volunteer Engineers .. 3 1 11 North Melbourne .. .. 1 4 44 West Melbourne .. .. 0 1 4 Fitzroy .. .. .. 1 4 24 East Collingwood .. .. 0 3 48 Collingwood .. .. .. 2 5 57 Carlton .. .. .. 1 3 65 Emerald Hill .. .. 1 1 23 Richmond .. .. .. 1 4 25 Hawthorn and Kew .. 2 2 23 St. Kilda .. .. .. 1 2 28 Melbourne Proper .. .. 1 2 18 Prahran and South Yarra .. 0 1 19 General band .. .. .. .. 40 Totals .. .. .. 24 57 494 Non- commis- sioned Officers. Rank and File. Grand total .. .. .. .. .. 575 A number of salutes were fired by the Volun- teer Artillery during the day. A detachment of the Royal Artillery, under Lieutenant Grub, fired a Royal salute at the Sandridge bat- teries, at half-past seven in the morning. The West Melbourne Battery, No. 8, of the Volunteer Artillery was particularly busy. The men mustered at the south bank of the Yarra at six a.m., and fired the morn- ing gun, after which they took part in the general parade at the barracks. At noon, they returned to the Yarra bank, and fired a Royal salute of twenty-one guns. Fifty minute guns were fired during the afternoon. At midnight, the battery was illuminated with blue-lights, and a Royal salute of twenty one guns fired, at a given signal from Prince's Bridge Barracks. The consent of the colonel commandant was ob- tained for the members of this battery to spend their day of rejoicing in the manner described, and everything went off as smoothly as could be wished. The intervals between the firing were devoted to sight- seeing and the refreshment of the inner man. MR. HORSLEY'S CONCERT. The company present at Mr. Horsley's con- cert, which took place at St. George's Hall, at two p.m., numbered between 200 and 300. The programme contained a charming selection of vocal and instrumental music, and the en- tertainment went off most successfully, not- withstanding that both performers and au- dience were subjected to annoyance from the explosion of crackers and other combustibles, which, despite the injunctions of his wor- ship the mayor, the gamins of Mel- bourne would persist in letting off in the public streets. The programme included, appropriately enough, Brinley Richards's song and chorus, "God Bless the Prince of Wales," the solo part being undertaken by Miss B. Watson ; and a pianoforte perform- ance, by Mr. Horsley, founded on patriotic airs. Both were received with loud plaudits. The gem of the afternoon, however, was the song from Lurline, "Sweet spirit, hear my prayer," by Miss Octavia Hamilton, with flute obligato by Mr. Riede. Fantasias were per- formed on the violin and the oboe — the former by Mr. Strebinger, the latter by Mr. Schott. Among the other performers were Miss H. Watson, Mr. Spensley, Mr. T. J. Jackman, and Mr. E. Exon. Mr. Horsley presided at the pianoforte. THE GOVERNOR'S BANQUET. The banquet given by his Excellency the Governor took place at six o'clock p.m., at the Exhibition-building. About 200 gentle- men were present, and, by judicious manage- ment, an area sufficient to accommodate pre- cisely that number was enclosed to form the salle-à-manger. Around this enclosure flags of all nations were disposed. A gallery was erected in front of the organ, and here, during dinner, Johnson's band was stationed. Here, also, were displayed the initials "A. A.," and the Prince of Wales's plume in gas jets. Six tables were arranged for the accommodation of the company. At the cross-table sat His Excel- lency, supported on the right by Brigadier-Gene- ral Chute, Dean Macartney, the Minister of Finance, the Minister of Justice, the Minister of Lands, Mr. F. A. Powlett, Mr. H. S. Chapman, the Hon. T. H. Fel- lows, the Hon. H. Miller, Mr. J. M. Grant, and Mr. J. H. Brooke. On the left of His Ex- cellency were the Chief Justice, Sir W. F. Stawell ; the Chief Secretary, the Minister of Railways, the Minister of Customs, Captain Van Rees, Sir J. F. Palmer, the Vice-Chan- cellor of Melbourne University, Mr. A. F. A. Greeves, Mr. J. M'Culloch, and Mr. G. Harker. The other tables were occupied by members of both Houses of Parliament, members of the municipal and consular bodies, representatives of the Army, Navy, and Volunteers, and the permanent heads of the Government depart- ments. Every guest exhibited a wedding ro- sette. His Excellency wore the vice-regal uniform, and the decorations of a K.C.B., and also a rosette from which depended portraits of the Prince and Princess of Wales. The table adornments were most appropriate. Several of the centrepieces held flags bearing the Prince of Wales's plume. A fine selection of music was performed during dinner by John- son's band. At the close of the repast grace was said by Dean Macartney, after which a march, composed in honour of the occasion by Mr. C. E. Horsley, was performed. His EXCELLENCY then proposed the health of Her Majesty the Queen, he observed that a very few words, as he knew from experience, would suffice to ensure for the first toast on the list an enthusiastic reception even on the most ordinary occasion. On this occa- sion, however, he felt it his duty to connect the toast with the event which they were met to commemorate. He need not remind the company of the deep debt of gratitude which the English nation owed to the Queen for the example which she had set, both in public and private life, and for the anxious solicitude which she had displayed in endeavouring to qualify the Prince of Wales for the high sta- tion which he was destined to fill. It seemed but the other day that they were engaged in similar rejoicings on the entrance of Queen Victoria herself into public life — first of all at her coronation, and then at her marriage. How entirely she had realized all the high aspirations which were then formed of her future conduct - how admiiably ahe had fulfilled her duties, both as sove- reign and wife - need not be told in any assemblage of British Bubjcots. (Ap- plause.) Never was there a sovereign who more richly deserved the affection, not to say the reverence, of her people. Never was there a people who more thoroughly identified themselves with the interests, the domestic concerns, and the feelings of the Throne. (Renewed applause.) It was this which gave so peculiar an interest to the event of the day. They all knew that a crushing sorrow had fallen on the Queen while yet even in the bloom of womanhood - that a cloud loomed over her pathway which threa- tened to render the rest of her existence dreary and dark. It was for that cause that they hailed with joy any event which seemed likely to cheer and alleviate her sorrow. (Hear, hear.) Might the filial piety of the Prince of Wales replace in some degree the loss of one who, whilst he a abro- gated to himself no higher titles than tutor to the Royal children, and private secretary to the Queen, as a never failing, watchful, at- tentive, and valuable assistant to Her Majesty in the conduct of public businebs. Let them fervently pray that, thus supported by her son, and encouraged by the loyal attachment and deep sympathy of her people, Her Majesty might be induced to persevere in that path of duty and labour which, under God's blessing she had hitherto so steadfastly pursued. (Applause.) The national anthem was here sung by members of the Philharmonie Society. His Excellency, in proposing the next toast, observed that it was once said, in illus- tration of the vastness and power of the British Empire, that the drums and fifes of its soldiery could be heard from post to post round the entire circuit of the globe; but a more striking proof of its real greatness was afforded, to his mind, in the world- wide re- joicings which had taken place on the occa- sion of the marriage of the heir-apparent rejoicings, tho last echo of which would not be borne home from the antipodes until the earth had run very nearly half her orbit! (Hear.) What stronger evidence of the strength of those ties which knit the em- pire together could be given than the genuine spontaneous enthusiasm which tho people of Victoria had that day shown in celebration of the auspicious event. They had shown lite- rally that the ardour of their loyalty could not be damped by any circumstance what- ever. (Laughter, and "hear, hear.") They had shown that, without any of the stimulus which the loyalty of their fellow-countrymen at home received from the actual presence of the Prince and Princess, from all the pomp and pageantry of the Royal procession - not- withstanding that few of the people of Vic- toria had seen their future monarch, and fewer still could expect to see his bride - they could enter heart and soul into the celebration of an event which was full of importance for the future destinies of the whole empire. The British nation were not animated by any mere exuberance of loyal feeling on this occasion. They had substantial ground for their rejoicings. They were justified - if ever a people were justified \- in taking on trust the son of Albert and Victoria the Good. (Great applause.) By forming a marriage of affection at so early an ago, the Prince of Wales had given hostage that he would pursue a pure and virtuous life, and that he would tread in the footsteps of his revered parent. Of the Royal bride it would be enough to say that she was the free choice of the Prince of Wales, and that she was in every way worthy of so exalted an alliance. Not only was she beautiful and accomplished, but in her veins were mingled the purest strains of Teutonic and Scandi- navian blood. That, however, was the time, not of talking of national differences, but of sinking them ; because -to use the words of the Poet Laureate " Saxon, or Dane, or Norman, we Teuton, or Celt, or whatever we be We are each all Dane n our welcome of thee, Alexandra." (Great applause.) His Excellency said he would ask the company, without more ado, to drink to the health of the Prince and Princess of Wales. (Renewed applause.) The band having performed the Danish national anthem, the following ode, by Mr. | E. Exon (set to music by Herr Elsasser), was performed by members of the Philharmonic | Society: (Opening Chorus.) The world attends to mark a joyous scene, And hear a people of the proudest name. With solemn joy from heart to heart proclaim, God hath made one our future King and Queen. (Recitative-Soprano.) Oh, Sovereign of tho World draw nigh ! For them to Thee thy children cry. (Air-Soprano.) Do thou their guide and guardian prove : Pour out lor them in ceaseless springs, The bio sings of a people's lovo, The favour of the King of Kings. To him, with royalty of place, Give royalty of soul, thit ho May worthy of his lofty race And of hil princely father be. On her as great a boon bestow ; ilay she as ni ich our lev o command, As tin gocd Queen, whoso narro we know A household word, throughout tbo land. (Quartette.) Peace - an unsetting sun, attend them ; Joys at ttoli feet like rivers flow ; All piwers rf fliav'nly good befriend them. And If thiymust some, sorrow know, Then, on " our ino&t; religious" Ihrono Hay God's o TI n strength, in faith, bOBhown. (Concluding Chorus.) As crystal at the touch of light imparts Returning brightness, - so from loyal hearts Now may their bliss in wide reflections shine, And in the Nation's joy be understood, The lovo which England bears the Royal line. Of Albert and Victoria the Good. The DANISH CONBUL (Mr. J. B. Were) asked for "one cheer more," in honour of tho ?*' Pearl of Scandinavia," and the appeal was promptly responded to. His EXCELLENCY observed that he was honoured by the presence of the representa- tives of all the great powers with which the British nation was in alliance, and therefore ho had much pleasure in proposing that the company should drink to the health of Her Majesty s Allies. Time was, perhaps not long ago, whon some of those representative» would not have felt nt Hbarty to join in their festivities ; and it was gratifying to know that the recent Royal alliance was a matter of the heart, aud not a matter of dynastic aggrandisement or statecraft. He was pleased to state that tnere were present at tho banquet, not only the members of the consular body, but a spe- cial representative of a closo and most trusty ally, in the person of Captain Van Rees and also tho officers of His Dutch Majesty's ship Djamb't. Ho considered that they were much indebted to tho Dutch for their maritime researches in tracing the coast of this conti . nent centuries ago-researches which led BO materially to the colonisation of Australia at -a subsequent period. 1 he continent no longer Tetained the namo which the Dutch naturally gave to it, but the efforts made by succcsbive Governors of Batavia tosecuro to navigators tinder their orders the distinctions to which they were so well entitled werepreserved in the names of Carpentaria, Arnbeim's Land, Do "Witt's Land, aud Tasmania. At all events, the company would admit that the Dutch flag deserved at the hands of the people of Australia a most cordial and frlenuly wel -come. (Great applause.) Captain VAN REES acknowledged the toast, and m so doing took the opportunity of re turning thanks for the hospitality which he and his officers had received in Victoria. He had much pleasure in wishing prosperity "to England aud England's colonies. (Ap .pause.) His EXCELLENCY proposed, as the next toast. »' The Array, the Navy, and the Volunteers of Victoria." On the claims of the army and navy to the admiration and gratitude of every good citizen it was quite unnecessary for him to enlarge ; and with regard to the volunteers of Victoria he would only say that, although they might at present, Uko all domestic insti- tutions, bo exposed to criticism, they would be looked upon by their fellow-citizens with widely different feelings in tho hour of real danger. (Hear, hear.) Ho felt confident that if that hour should ever come, tho volunteers would prove a most valuable auxiliary to the small body of regular troops in the colony. (Cheers.) With the first portion of the toast he would couple tho name of the gallant ' officer who had lately arrived in Victoria to assume the command of Her Majesty's forces in Australia, after a long career of service in all parts of the globe. (Cheers.) Brigadier-General CHUTE, in returning thanks for tho army, expressed his acknow- ledgements for the reception which ho had already experienced in the colony, and his high Bense of the efficiency of the volunteers as manifested at the parade that morning. Indeed, ho said, ho had never seen corps acquit thomselves more creditably. (Applause) Captain KAY, in responding for the navy, reminded the company that the servico to "which he belonged had always been in the van of everything which conduced to the honour, glory, and integrity of the British Empire. (Hear, hear.) Ho did not desire to undervalue tho achievements of the gal- lant Dutch novigators to whom His Excellency had alluded ; but he would remind the com- pany that it was owing to the enterprise of James Cook and Matthew Flinders that Eng- land obtained the geographical knowledge which ultimately led to tho foundation of these magnificent Australian colonies. (Ap- plause.) Lieut.-Colonol CHAMP said ho had been in- formad by Oolonal Anderson that he was the senior volunteer officer ia the room, and therefore ho begged to return thanks for that branch of the service. A great deal had been said and written lately about the fnlliug-off in the strength of the volunteer force.. He be- lieved thero had been a falllng-off in num- bers, but ho ventured to assert that there had been no falling-off in zeal, or in devotion, on the part of the volunteers, to their adopted country. (Uear, hear) _ His.ExoELLENOY next proposed " The Par- liament of Victoria," remarking that that body had ever been prompt to suggest and encourago loyal demonstrations on the part of the people. As Her Majesty's represen- tative in Victoria, ho had always found both . Houses Bincerely desirous to uphold the dig- nity of tho Crown, and, Avhilo mindful of " their own privileges, to respect the prerogative. ? (Applause.) Sir J. F. PALMEn returned thanks on behalf \--of the Legislative Council. Ho strongly re \- *«ommcnded nn adherence on the part of the -«colony to the institutions of the mother ' country, which institutions, he observed, had attained a splendour unequalled in the civi >. lized world. Mr. O'SHANASSY, in acknowledging the com- pliment on behalf of the Legislative Assembly, expressed his confidence that the spirit which animated the men who initiated self govern- ment in Australia would continue to animate the representative body of Victoria in nil time to como. With regard to the happy event which thoy Avere mot to colebrato, he might observo that there Avas one circumstance which nations unacquainted with the form of goA'ernment which they upheld might regard with surprise. Those nations might say-"HdAv can a cential power, Uko Eng- land, confer similar institutions to those which she possesses on her children, scattered over every poition of tho globe?" It might bo a matter of surprise to thom, but Australian people know full well that this policy of tho British Government,, instead of weakening the central authority, only added to its strength. He believed that the members of ¿ho Legislature of this colony, Avhile insisting upon the right of Government, Avouldalwa}8 be ready to lay down their lives in Biipport of the Throne. (Applause). His EXCELLENCY then gave, as the final toast, " Tho health of the Mayor and Corpora- tion of Melbourne," observing that they had taken a leading part in tho arrangements for the successful demonstration that day, and that to them the citizens were greatly in- debted. The MAYOB, in replying to tho compliment, expressed his undoubted confidence in the loyalty of the citizens of Melbourne, and his admiration of British institutions. The National Anthem was then performed, ftftor Avhich three cheers wero given for the Governor, and the company separated. NIGHT ASPECT OF THE CITY. As soon as the -hades of ovening fell the procesa of lighting-up commenced. Unfor- tunately, the wind at tho time gathered strength, and it was eaily seen that those portions of the illumination on which most money hod boen spent, and of which tho highest -anticipations were entertained-the design_|in gas- would be a failure. Again and again tho torch was applied to perverse lines of gas, lighting up for an instant the.wavy out- line of a Prince of Wales'feather, or making brilliant for a moment the initial lotter of the Princess's name. Tho wind, however, was strong, or the pressure of gas weak, and the churlish breeze prevailed. Up to a late hour the elaborate design in front of the Treasury remained unlit-The Argus office was almost equally dark-and tho--really beautiful pic- ture in gas, with its loyal mottoes, built up in front of the Town-hall, refused to exhibit itself in rill its splendour. The same fate overtook tho unique and pretty design which crowned the top of the Union Bank, and the same cause spoiled the effect of the beautiful initial letters in front of the Bank of Australasia, as well as tho illuminations of the Bank of New South Wales and the Bank of Victoria. All along the lighted lines of street the same sore defect was visible. But the transparencies came out in all the greater force,; and the rows of candles in some of the wiàdows acquired additional lustre. In not a few instances those who re- sorted to that more primitivo means of illu- mination displayed considerable taste in the arrangement of the lights, and so introduced a variety which lent an additional charm to the whole. It would be in bad taste to be critical over the transparencies, of which there were a very largo number. Some of them, it must be admitted, were dreadful daubs, but the allegorical design by Mr. Chevalier for the London Chartered Bank, " Britannia's Welcome" at Bignell's Hotel, the coats of arms in front of the Melbourno Gas Company's offices, and a painting-a cartoon from London Punch - illustrative of the pas- sage of the Princess across the sea, in Collins street west, wero Bourcee of great interest to the crowds who thronged the streets. So was the finely-painted transparency in front of the Union Bank. From the earliest hour of daikntcf, crowds of men, women, and children poured into themain streets. Family groups were numerous, and the number and variety of tho objects of interest rendered locomotion almoBt impossible. Carriages, well filled with, ladies and children, came into town early in the evening, and cabs without number were pressed Into the service. As fire-crackers wero flying about ia vast numbers, apprehensions wero felt that acci- dents or collisions would occur at the crossing of the streets. The mounted police, however, made their appearance about six o'clock, and effectively enforced the regulations for tho evening, by which vehicles wero confined to certain lines and a sober pace, thus rendering accident almost impos- sible. About eight o'clock the scene had be- come highly picturesque. Seen from the higher parts of the town, a halo of light, thrown up against black clouds, hung over the city. The streetp, stretching out in parallel or crossing lines, were like so many bara of fire, canopied with banners, the great light making the various colours of the flags easily distinguishable. Ever and again sudden flashes of red and blue fire would light up with great brilliancy some corner of a street ; rockets would fly up into the thick darkness above, to descend in balla and streams of coloured fire j and an in- cessant discharge of Chinese fire-crackers and squibs maintained a coiso like that of an army of infantry hotly engaged. From tho top of the Melbourne Club houso thelimo- lightwas displayed (with no great success, it must becon fessed). It was followed, however, by effective coloured lights. At various points of Collins street and towardsLonsdale-street west, balls of I blue fire were burned. At this moment, while thousands were concentrated at the junction of Swanston and Collins streets, the gaily-de- corated wherry that had formed so impor- tant a part of the forenoon's procession, was drawn through the crowded streets by a party of men. All its colours wero dis- played, its picturesquely-dressed crew were at their posts, and its passage waa the signal for great cheering. As it drew up for a moment opposite the Town-hall, tho crew gave threo. hearty cheers for the Queen, and the Princo and Princess of Wales -cheers which wero freely and heartily re- sponded to by the crowd. Shortly before this incident, the passage of a company of the 40th regiment, with drums and fifes playing, and bayonets glittering in ,the light, to and from the .Exhibition Building, where they formed a guard of ho our for His Excellency, had added a new and peculiar interest to the scene. As the hour grew later, and the stars sliono out, the picture seemed to grow in in- terest. The church bella rang merry peals. Looked at from the "house-tops, a broad black band seemed to circle the city-all the darker for the light within it. Ear on tho horizon tho flames of huge bonfires could bo de- tected. The monster bonfire on Mount Ma- cedon was distinctly visible, and tho nearer bonfires, kindled by the suburban munici- palities, and tho huge fire in tho Go- vernment reserve, seemed liko a setting of fire round tho city. From nine o'clock until midnight was tho most successful portion of the demonstration as regards the illumina- tions. At that hour the brcezo gavo way, and a calm succeeded, broken only by occa- sional breaths of gentle wind. This enabled tho Houses of Parliament to be lighted up with fino effect. The design was sim- ple. It was merely a crown, over the initials of tho Prince and Princess of Wales, but crown and letters were on an equally gigantic seale. The Treasury illumi- nations wore less successful. There an attempt had been made to show the architectural lines of the building, and had it succeeded the effect would have been grand. Never more than a fourth part of the building, however, could bo illuminated at one timo, and the effect, consequently, was anything but satis- factory. It was only now that The Argus illu- minations could bo displayed, and when the full effect of the design was seen in fire, it was pronounced effective. Now, also, the olaborate illuminations ot the banks wero shown for the first time, and those who remained till a lato hour were doubly gratified. Now, also, the line of Swanston-street became an object of great attraction, the design which covered tho Town-hall ^receiving'something like jus- tice, and the long row of light on tho opposite Bido having a peculiarly pleasing effect. Now, also, Bourke-strect began to rival its ambi- tious neighbour, the pretty illuminations of the Cafó de Paris, tho unique attempt made by Madame Sohier- who exhibited wax models of the Pricce and Princess, set in frames of gas-the charming display made by the Alhambra, which seemed to bo a moss of parti- coloured Ckinoso lanterns-and the fine illuminations of tho Albion, all showing out brilliantly. At ten o'clock a vast Bhower of rockots was sent up from tho re- serve. It was answered from nil points ot the compass, and with it the glories of tho demon- stration culminated. From that hour till twelvo o'clock tho lights blazed, and tho mirth of tho streets proceeded. At midnight tho signal went forth, and speedily the city was in comparativo darkness. And BO closed one of the most momorablo days in the history of Melbourne, and ono of the grandest scenes ever witnessed on this sido of the world. Tho pollco arrangements throughout the day were excellent. Captain Standish, the Chief Commissioner of Police, by whom they were made, and Inspectors Hare and Lyttle- ton, by whom they wero carried out, are entitled to much" praise for the manner in which good ordor was preserved. The following is a detailed account of tho more noticeable illuminations* and decora- tions: COLLINS STREET. Few, indeed, would venturo to deny that this street, the locale of so many of our banks and public institutions, was the principal point of attraction onTuesday evening-a qua- lity it deserved to possess because of the vast number and excellence of its illuminations. Shortly after six p.m., these were lighted up, and then tho street began to be croAvded, and not only on the footpaths, for the roadway was also blocked by a mass of people, through whom threaded a continual line of cars. Had the place been dark, accidents must have been numerous, whatsoever cato was taken ; but as the street was from end to end nearly one blaze of light, the danger was avoided. Durinç the corly portion of the,evening, the high wind militated terribly against the success of the devices in gas-light ; but, shortly after nine o'clock, the wea- ther moderated, and the designs, which could hardly be traced before, became visible in burning characters. It will suit our description to begin at the lower end of the street, and thus we ask our readers to follow us in going upwards from the railway station. The first illumination that struck the attention was that of Clough and Co.'s wool warehouse, and it was of a most extensive character. A line of liçht was carried along the fiont of the building, forming a sort of arch in the centre, which half encircled the Prince's feathers and the initials " A. A." On each side was a crown, and the whole was sur- rounded with a star. Opposite, Mr. S. P. Lord's premises wero lit up with variegated lamps, forming stars and a crown. The United States Consulate was as dark as the prospects of that country, the only effort at ornamentation being the display of the na- tional flag and a picture of the American eagle, with the now mock motto of " E Pluri bus Unum" beneath. The Danish Consulate (Mr. J. B. WereV) was tastefully illuminated. The Danish crown was produced in gas, with loyal mettons in English and Danish, aud the flags of the two countries waved over all. Scott's Hotel was a blaze of light. Lines of gas were carried round the building, enclosing tho Prince of Wales' feathers, over which waa a heart, and a crown above that. The letter " A" was on each side. The bow windows of the lower story wero all traced out in gas. Hurt and Son had a simple " A. A." and feathers in gas. F. C. Cunningham, the Royal arms in trans- parency ; and W. Bayles and Go., a star, with A." on each side in gas, A handsome trans- parency, showing the flags of England and Denmark, and the motto, " A people's love their bo3t inheritance," was in front of Messrs. Gordon and Gotch's premises; anda nearly similar'one, of somewhat less dimensions, was in front of Messrs. Nordt and Heyde's tobacco warehouse. The London and Lancashire Insurance Company's office was almost smothered in green wreathe, which surrounded _ a line of brilliant gas. The London Chartered Bank had very little gas- light decoration, but in its stead showed a huge transparency, painted by Mr. N. Che- valier, in which Hymen and enpids were seen welcoming the newly-wedded couplé, and beneath wo8 the old City of London motto, "Domine dirige nos." Next came the Bank of Australasia, whose preparations had been so much spoken of. The design was very fine, and consisted of four A.'s, some twelve feet high, with the Prince's feathers above; but, unfortunately, the high Avind pievented all this from being seen at once till quite late in the evening. A transparency, ^containing menallion portraits of the Prince and Princes«, wasalsodisplayed here. The UniouBank, which had gone to about equal trouble and expense, werescarcely more fortunate. They had adopted a design, made by Mr. Terry, the architect, which AVOS simple and would have been highly effective if it would have burnt pro- perly. There were double wavy lines of burners round the first storey, and above there was au heraldic England-cum Denmark" transparency, surmounted by a splendid gas star at least ten feet ia diameter. Gas flam- beaux, from which hung pennons, were fixed nt intervals along the parapet of the roof. Tho pretty motto in gaslight of " Cor unum," with a star, shone out on Mr. Galvin's hat warehouse t and nearly opposite, a well painted transparency remesenting that car toon in London Punch which depicts the Prince and Princess drawn in a car by the lion and unicorn, was to bo seen in front of the Hall of Commerce. Beforo lief ara. Fergus- son and Mitchell's shop were the Prince's feathers in a transparency, and A. A.with star and crown in gas. MeBsrs. Sands and M'Dougall had prepared a very handsome device in gas, which WOB only partially lit up. " A. E. A." was repeated in lettcis four feet,high just above the verandah. This was surmounted by a crown of equal height, over which were the words "The Queen," in letters four feet high. Over Messrs. Blundell and Co.'s hook shop was a gas star and two exceedingly well painted transparency pictures of the widowed Queen and the young couple. The Bank of New South Wales shared the fate of its brethren, and its linea of gaslight, and enormous stars and feathers, with "A. E. A." beneath, were rarely seen all at one time. From this point to a little further up tho street, there were no remarkable illuminations, though those of Messrs. Alston and Brown, Mr. Morton (Criterion "Hotel),' Messrs. S. Thorp and Co., Mr. Bowen, Messrs. Kilpatrick and Co., M'ssrs. Mowbray, Lush, and Co., and MeBsrs. Law'Brothers, wero worth notice as abovo mediocrity. Over Messrs. Fraser and Cohen's auction-looms, were " A. E. A.," feathers, and " V. R." and crown in largo gas characters. At the National Bank, there was a large transparency exhibiting the heraldic shields of England and Denmark, and the Royal initials, with feathers and star, in gas. At this part of the street, the illuminations of Messrs. J. Cockburn, Ste- phens, J. Davies and Co., and Colonial Insurance, though not brilliant, were suffi- ciently handsome. Messrs. P. Langwill and Co. had a fine large medallion, containing feathers and crown, in gas jets. The City of Melbourne Gas and Coko Company contrived to get their gas to burn pretty steadily, which was all the better, .because the crown and " V. R." which they exhibited were unusually well constructed. Mes-rs. Waldron and John- son, at the Clarence Hotel, had a line of gas jets all along their front, which extends both into Elizabeth-street and Collins street, with stars, feathers, initials, and a crown, which made a great show. Mr. P. Thomas's premises wero tastefully lit up Avith coloured papor lanterns, and, together with those of Messrs. Williams and Co.. pho- tographic artists; Mr. Lewis, chemist ; Messrs. Chalk and Price, warehousemen ; Mr. Joseph Clarke! Messrs. Briscoe and Co., ironmongers; Mr. D. E. Thomson, ftirnituremonger ; Messrs. Wilkie and Wobster, music sellers ; and Mrs. Finlay, draper, the illuminations were vory creditably managed. The Caledonian Society had quite a grand transparency,, in which were to bo seen Highlanders1 in the attitude of defending the British and Danish shields, Avhilo underneath was a Gaelic motto, as also the old one of " Nemo mo impune lacessit." The Economic Bank was rather economically decorated with a simple transparency, containing little be- yond tho Royal initials, the whole looking very poor when compared with the illumina- tions displayed by Messrs.Lightfoot, Brush and Reardon, S. Finlay and Co., and D. Henry. ?Tho Bank of Victoria looked splendidly, and the fine architectural details were brought out in bold relief by tho light afforded by a large Prince of Wales' feathers, in gas jets, the various filaments of the plumes of which were correctly represented. Between this and Swanston-street the devices were of the old style, thoußh some must havo been very, ex ponslvo. Those of Messrs. Greaves Brothers, R. J. Paling, L. Robinson, J. Carson, M'Fad zean and Lambert,- Beauchamp and Rocke, AValsh Brothers, AV. R. Hill, and Milton and Co., Avere the best ; but their ideas neA'cr went beyond initîalB, feathers, croAvns, and stars, in gas jets. The premises of Messrs. Haigh Brothers, tailors, woro handsomely adorned with greon and floAvers. and tho inevitable "A. E.- and A.," with star. Mr. W. Powell's retail ironmongery store was very well lighted up Avdth lines and circles of gas, with the ftince's feathers Damman and Co., tobacconists, opposite, lit up their place with variegated lamps. In the windows of the Argus Hotel Avas to bo seen simple evidence of bow taste supersedes ox pense, and the arrangement of the candles thero with a few flowors and coloured paper, made a brilliant shoAv. Lines of gaslight were carried round our own premises, which also boro tho Royal initials ana Prince's feathers. At Mr. Norton's, picture-dealer, wero six transparencies, representing the Royal couple, the Queen, Prince Alfred, and a few cupids. A large " A. E. & A.," with a crown, in gas jets, completed the design. In front of tho MechanicB'Institute was a largo transparency, in which the Prince and Princess appeared considerably over the size of life, and in blooming condition. Mr, Taylor's Bap- tist Chapel was also decorated with simi- lar portraits, placed on each side of the portico. Tho Rev. I. Hetherington's house waa illuminated with lights shining through t coloured papor. Mr. G. Wragge, chemißt, had a very respectable gas star in the front of his premises. In the garden be- fore the Golman Association wero half a dozen iron ewer- shaped vessels, contain- ing some fluid, which flamed away like oil. The private dwellings of Drs. Campbell and Farrago were both elegantly ornamented, the former with coloured lamps, and the latter with a handsome transparency in each window. Largo gas stars and crowns shone from the Crown Law and Audit Offices. The Melbourne Club-house had, saving the Treasury, which is described elsewhere, the best illumination in this part of the town. It consisted of.huge Prince's feathers and initials,, and a star over the portal. Duringa portion of the evening, a lime-light was exhibited on tho roof. ^It was a late hour indeed when tho illumina- tions ended, and the streets remained crowded till near midnight. UTILE C0LLIN8-STBEET. Though most of tho houses in this stroet wero illuminated in some way or other, yet there were but three worth montlon here ; they were those of Messrs. Miller and John- ston, between Queen and Elizabeth streets, which consisted of the Royal initials, and Prince's feathers of remarkable sizo and bril- liancy ; of the Derwent and Tamar Insurance Company, which were lit up with variegated lamps; and of Messrs. Joske Brother», over which was a splendid large star worked out in very fine detail, and backed by a powerful mirror. ? . . ? | BOÜBKE-STBEET. This street, usually the most bustling tho- roughfare in the city, but not one remarkable for the order and regularity of its building?, assumed a majestic aspect, from tho extent and variety of its decorations. From onn end to the other, on both sides of the street, thero was one continuous succession of flags, ban* ners, flowers, gas devices, and other déco- rations. The frontt of many of the shops i were so thickly decked that scarcely an inch of brick or stone work was visible ; | while the ornamentation of others was so elaborate and artistic that it mode the buildings resemblo fairy palaces, rather than marts of merchandize. At the inter- section of Swanston-street, on the east side no less than three lines of beautiful flags and evergreens were stretched across the road, one above the other, and at tho opposite side of the street thero was another of a similar character. The scene in the street at night was very imposing, especially in those por- tions of it which possessed more than an or dinary share of gus jets, and the light from which rendered every detail of the decorations in the immediato vicinity visible. Wo will pioceed to describe some of the principal illu- minations and decorations, but it must be understood that there were probably many worthy of being recorded which escaped our notice. At tho top of the street, in the centre of tho front of the Parliamentary- buildings, a largo board, about 37ft. high by 40ft. broad, was ercnted, and on this boatd wero mounted the letters "A. E. A."interlaced ; abovo the initials was an elaborate Royal crown. Both the crown and the letters were of gigantic size, the former measuring 16ft. by 20ft., and the letters being each lliit. high, and covering nearly the whole breadth of tho board. The piping was perforated in about 80,000 holes, and the blaze sent forth by this enormous number of jets was very bril- liant, and attracted attention even from Elizabeth-street. It was some hourp, how- ever, beforo the design could be lllumi nated, either In consequence of the want of a sufficient pressuro of gas, or the prevalence of u breeze of wind. Even then the whole of the jets would not take light at once, or the effect would have been* still more radiant. The quantity of gas which would havo been consumed in an hour if all the jets had been in play would have been between 3,000 and 4,000 feet. The gas piping was fitted up by the Melbourno Gas Company. The block of build- ings at the top of Bourke-street, to which addi- tional stories arq at present being added, was profusely adorned with English, Danish, and other U gs, beneath which was a transpa- rency, consisting of the Princo of Wales' plume, ou each side of which wus the letter "A." Beneath this transparency was the Inscription, ''Priuce of Wales Buildings,' from which we conclude that the build- ings are to be named after his Royal Highness. Thero wero also three other transparencies, one of which contained the loyal motto. " Albert Edward and Alexandra, our future King and Queen." The scaffold- ing at the base of the buildings was entwined with shrnbs. Opposite the Prince of AVales Buildings is tho White Hart Hotel, in front of which was a transparency, consisting of not very flattering portraits of the Royal pair, and an inscription in untranslated Danish Messrs. Jones and Co., tailors, had an ex- cellent transparency, the principal features of which were the arme of the Prince, sur- mounted by the motto 'e God bless the Prince and the Sea King's Daughter." Mr.II.T. Dwight bookseller, displayed a transparency. ThoEx celsior Hotel was decorated -'with evergreens, above which wus a transparency, consisting of the Royal arms and a design of fruit and flowers, representing peace and plenty,flanked by the words "Albert Edward, Alexandra of Denmark." Mr. Stacey,dairyman.badasinnli transparency, and his premises were furtherde corated with evergieens. Mr. Hall, draper, had the Prince's plume, on each, side of which was tho letter " A." painted in black on yellow. The Bendigo Hotel was decorated with flags, and with the Royal plume in gas jets, on one side of which were the letters " A. A.," and on the other "V. li.," also in jets of gas. Kennedy's British American Hotel was hand- somely decorated, and displayed a trans- parency, abovo which was a vivid gas star. Above the shop of Mr. Geo. Petty, butcher, were the letter?, "A. V. A." in gas jets, ar- ranged in a semi-circular form, and sur- mounted by tho star of Brunswick. Opposite Mr. L. L. Smith had a large transparency lepresentiug the arms of the Princo, encircled with a laurel wreath, the whole surrounded with the motto, "Welcome News for Loyal Hearts," painted in red and yellow. The Polytechnic Institute was very elaborately and tastefully decorated. The iron lamp- posts in front of the building were each sur- mounted with a brilliant star, and stretching across the posts was a garland of flowers and evergreens, in tho centie of which was the Prince's plumo, in gas jets. The stone pillars Wi.ro all entwined with evergreone, &c;, and were illuminated with Chinese lanterns. A beautiful crown, formed with' crimson and yellow cloth, and ornamented with golden, green, and white rosettes, was fixed on each side of tho entranco to the porch, aud the porch was ornamented with orange blossoms, &c.; Mr. Kleiser, jeweller, had an illumi- nated star. Mr. Newing, oilman, &c;, and Mr. Kruse, chemist, had two good transparencies. Mr. WeeelûWj-fruitorer, had a transparency consisting of tho Prince's plume, underneath which was a gorgeoun representation of the sotting sun, and tho mnttci-" May tho setting be happy." " Uncle Tom's Pawn-office" dis- played a transparency of the Prince's arms, on each side of which was tho letter " A." At the Assembly Hotel thero was a good display of flags and two very pretty trans- parencies, the principal design of which was the Prince of Wales' plume, with theinscrip -tion " Long live the -Princo and Princess," .and other appropriate and loyal mottoes. Mr. B. Lee had a very neat transparency in the centre window of his shop. It consisted of the crest of the Prince, and a floriated wreath, surmounted by a crown and the let- ters " V.R." The other windows were bril- liantly illuminated with oil lamps and candles. At the Garrick'« nead Hotel there was a magnificent allegorical transparency, repre- senting Britannia giving tho Princess Alex- andra a hearty welcome to the Bhores of Eng- land. Beneath was a splendid figure of Nep- tune, and a number of sea-nymphs, supporting cornucopias, while above wero cupids, herald- ing the nowj of the Royal marriuge. Mr. Bates, fruiterer, next door, had tho front of his shop adorned with small transparencies, Chinese lanterns, bannerets, and cveigreens. Mr. Eve, haircutter, &c;, had a largo tians parency extending across the top of his shop. In the centre was the Prince's plume, with the motto " Ich Dion" on one side and "Kud Og Kungen" on the other. Mr. Chandler's provision storo at the corner of tho Eastern Market displayed threo transparencies. One contained the letters "V. R.," sur- rounded with laurel leaves and surmounted by a largo crown ; and another consisted of the letters " A. A.." a wreath, and the Prince's plume. These transparencies wero at the sido of tho shop, facing tho market; the other transparency was iu front, and the de- sign of it wn8 moro striking and original, It consisted of a large star, in tho centro of which was the Union Jack, upon which the letters A. A. were painted. The flag waa sur- rounded with a laurel wreath, outside which was another chcln inscribed with, " May hap- piness attend you." The whole was sur- mounted with real plumes, in imitation of the crest of the Prince of Wales. Messrs. Hooker and Co. had a large transparency of a crown and the Prince's plume, and on each side wore the mottoes, " Long may they live," "Happy may they bo." At the Haymarket Theatre, a large-sized national fltg floated from the centre of tho roof, aud on one side of it a Union Jack was displayed, and on the other tho Danish flag. In front of the Cock Hotel a gigantic bower was erected. It extended abovo tile top of the building, and the thickness, with which tho foliage had been arranged, almost enshrouded the en- trance to the hotel, but did not prevent a largo transparency from being clearly visible. Mr. M. A. Cane displayed a small transparency,^ consisting of the Prince's plpme, the Initials of the Royal pair, and the motto, "God bless the-m," From the top of Downie's Australia Felix Hotel the English and Danish flags floated gaily, and in every window of the spacious premises appeared a transparency. The largest, which was immediately over the principal entrance to the hotel, contained a portrait of the Princo aud Princess, the latter in marriage costume, and holdirjg a bridal bouquet in her band. The poitraits were in circled with a wreath of laui.I, and the in- scription "Long may they live; happy may they be." The other transparencies consisted of appropriate mottoes, pf whieh the following will serve as examples :-" Denmark's gilt is Britain's pride, "Happiness to the Rose of Denmark," " Inhabitants of Australia rejoice," " Britain's Heir is Aus- tralia's Hope," "Men of the Nation te Glad in Great Britain's Prosperity," "Gcd Preservo our Royal Family." Each motto was surmounted with some design, such as a flag, a kangaroo, or an anchor ; and a large Chinese lantern was suspended over each transparency. The roof of the building was also hung round .with transparen- cies. Mr. G. Mirfia had the verandah m front of his shop tastefully decorated. He also exhibited a painting of the Prince and Princess, with the motto "England's Pride; may they bo Happy." The transparency was illuminated by a powerful light. At the cor- ner of Bourke anel Russell streets was a bril- liant star over the premises of Messrs. Stand ford and Co. They had also 140 kerosene lamps burning in the windows. At the Huni munis Hotel (late Tom Nnnn's) there was a large and artistically painteel transparency, re- presenting the Royal arms, the Prince of Wales' plume, and the English and Danish flags. Mr. D. W. Lemmnn had a transparency, consisting of the Danish and English flags, between which waa insci ¡bed, "Long May tiny Live." The initials of the Royal pair were added. Mr. T. K. Bennett had a very attrac- tive transparency. In the centro of it were the English and Daniell flaes, supporting the crest of the Prince of Wales, underneath which were the letters "A.E.A.," and the inscription, "Happy Union," in ornamental letters, and surmounted with a design under the loyal motto " Vivat Regina." Mr. Lockycar, hair-cutter, had a large trans- parency, which contained the following in- scription :-" Bridal Gift for H.R.H. the Prin- cess of Wales. One Shilling Subscription. Contributions received here." A good hint ! The Cttf- do Paris was gaily decorated with flags and garlands of evergreens, and was illu- minated with two largo stars in gas, ono en- circling the letters " V. A," and the other the letters " V. R." Between the stars was a beau- tifully painted transparency, consisting of portraits of the Prince and Princess, under- neath which were shields bearing the Royal Arms of England and Denmark. The por- traits were surmounted with the Princo's crest, and the letters "V. A." on either side. At Mr. Davies's photographic rooms, there was a full length portrait of tho Prince and Princess. At Parer's Duke do Victoria Res- taurant a double transparency containing portraits of the young couple waa carried forward over the footway. At Solder's Waxworks, two life size wax figures of the Princo and Princess, dressed in mar- riage costume, were displayed. Bignelt's Hotel was decorated in grand stvle and oA'er the principal entrance was a large transparency of Britannia, with the motto" Welcome tidings." Theverandah of the Roy al Mail Hotel and Messrs. Dennis Brothers wits superbly decorated with evergreens, Chiaese lanterns, and other ornaments. There was also the crest of tho Prince, and the letters " A. A." Messrs. Taylor and Cowell had three transparencies, and their premises were deco- rated. Messrs. Lyons and Co. had a transpa- rency representing the English and Danish flags, which was formed of small glass lamps of various colour*. Theeffect was exceedingly beautiful. Messrs. C. and J. Espie, clothiers, had au enormous thistle in gas jets, sur- mounted by a crown. At the Albion notel, there wero some flags of magnificent colour and workmanship, and a beautiful transpa- rency representing Britannia crowning the Prince aud Princess witli a laurel wreath, the whole surmounted with the inscription " Albion's [Pride." The premises of Messrs. Cobb and "Co., coach propsi.tor», were pro- fusely adorned with flowers and evergreens. Thero was also a transparency representing the Royal pair, on each side of which was a suitable motto, and above the transparency wag a gigantic crown formed of flowers. At Mr. Rider's restaurant there wero two humorous transparencies, which served to illus- trate an Englishman's love of roast beef and plum-pudding, if they woro not indicative of loyalty. At Messrs. Robertson and Moffnt's, drapers, there was a transparency consisting of medallion portraits ot tho Prince and Princess. The Monster Clothing Company displayed their title in'gas jets, and above it wero a large crown and the letters " A. A." Between the premises of Me.srs. Anderson and Co., and those of Messrs. Hill and Wymond, thero was a biilliant star, anel the letters " A, A." Messrs. Buckley and Nunn, drapers, had a loyal design in gas jets. In front of the Herald office wero tho letters " A. E. A." in gas jets, above which was the Prince's plume. 4Ir. L. Benjamin, clothier, displayed a transparency, which Avas inscribed with the words, "Hail to our future King and Queen." The Volunteer-offico was decorated with a collection of militaiy flags, arranged Avith im- posing effect. At the grain storo of W. Owston and Co., there waa a small trans- parency, consisting of the Prince of Wales's plume, with the letters "V. A." In front of Morton's Hotel there AVOS a large star. The Italian consulate had a largo and beau- tiful transparency of the Royal arms of Italy, draped by standards of the national colours. This was hoisted on the flagstaff nearly sixty feet in the air, and was plainly visible throughout nearly the whole of Bourke-strcet. From the top of the scaffold- ing at tho new Post-office buildings waA'ed upwards of thirty flags, of variouB nations. A splendid transparency was also placed in a prominent position on the building, nt the corner of Bourke and Elizabeth streets. The design of the transpaiency included full length portraits of the Prince and Princess pa.sing through a beautiful arch. Below were the Royal arms of England, and tho'teiso ejacu- lation, " God bless them !" lu front of St. Patrick's Hall there was " A. and A.," sur- mounted by a harp, all in gas j.ts, and under- neath was the inscription "Erin go Bragh." At the Btore of Mes8rs.'Gold8brough aud Co., at Messrs. Rolfe and Bailey's store, and at Kirk's Horse Bazaar, there wero illuminated stars. At Purcell'B Plough Inn there were tho square and compasses, and other masonic emblems, in gas jets ; and in each of the win- dows at Lewis's Colonial Dining-rooms a transparency was exhibited. Messrs. Kaye and Butehart's premises, Brown's Labour liait, and other buildings, also displayed transparencies, consisting of the Prince's plume, or some other fashionable design. LITTLE BOUItKE-STREET. The houses, shops, and warehouses in this street were pretty generally decorated and illuminated ; and the general aspect of tho street ivas very different from it3 ordinary dingy, every-day' appearance. There were flags and floral devices without number, and several transparencies, and designs in gas jets. In the Chinese quarter, theie AVOS quite a feast of lanterns, and the front of the Chinese Hall of Commerce was brilliantly illu- minated. Crnckeis and other fireworks were let oft during the greater portion of the even- ing, causing a continued explosion moro re- sembling a brisk cannonade than a pyro- technic display. The street, under foot, was in a frightfully muddy state, presenting a strange contrast to the gaiety overhead. ELIZABETH-STREET. This street, though tho longest and the busiest but one in town, was hardly so well illuminated as Bourke-strcet. This was, doubtless, OAving to tho fact that a large number of the buildings are small and poor, ond otherwise unsuitable to the purpose. Hence, though every house AVas lit up, and the name of the transparencies legion, thero wero few wprth notice. At the southern end, however, the reverse wns the case. The façade of Brown and Stewart's buildings was especially brilliant, lines of jets being carried from one end to tho other. The offices of the Universal Marine Insurance Company, of which Messrs. De Pass Brothers aro agents, woro beautifully ornamented by a translucent shield of colouredgloss, containing the Australian Arms, which flashed and glit- tered in a remarkable way. At Younghus- band and Co.'s office there were the initials " A. A & V. R." in letters of great sizo in gas jets. The Duke of Rothsay Hotel had a fine gas Btar, and tho office of the Tasmanian Steam - Navigation Company was similarly adorned. The offices of W.P. Whito and Co, wero de- corated wth a transparency Toprcsenting the Royal arms and themitials " A. E.and A." The English, Scottish, and Australian Char- tered Bank had lines of gas light carried in arches in its front, and encircling a crown, two Princo's feathers, and tbc Royal Initials. Tho premises of Messrs. Henry Brookp, Fanning, Nankivell, and Co., and Michaelis, "Boyd, and Co, were nearly equally refulgent; the latter, being the Prussian consulate, had the Royal initials and Prince's insignia in large size. The Liverpool and London In- suranco Company's building was ornamented something like the Union Bank in CollinB street. There was a largo "A. E." on each side of a huge and elaborate star, and on the roof was a row of gas ' flambeaux. The London Tavern had tho usual initials and feathers in gas. The Age newspaper office, next door, had mounted n very tolerably painted transparency, repre- senting Victoria emptying a cornucopia at the feetof the Prince aud Priucess. Over the shop of Mr. Robertson, booksel 1er, were a crown and initials of original and pleasing design. Ihe transparency in front of Messrs. James M'Ewan and Co.'s shop was originally a good one, but the rain had spoiled it. The Colonial Bank was gorgeously decorated, and besides lines of light, in arches, were a very handsome crown and ini'ials, &c.; It will bo sufficient to_ mention the names of those whoso illu- minations were above the averuge. They were -Mr. J. M'Donnell, Ironmonger; Mr. Watts, shoe dealer; Mr. Lyons, hosiery warehouse- man : Mr. W. Draper, importer ; Mr. A. W. Schuhkrafft, paper denier; Messrs, T.Loader and Co.,saddleryimporters: Mr. Home, agricul- tural implement dealer ; and Messrs. M'Cluro, Vuluntine, and Co., importers. The illumi- nation of the Lady Chapel of the Catholic Cathedral throw a beautiful light through the painted windows into the street. SWANSTON-STBEET. The glories of Swanston-street, though less than those of Bourke and Elizabeth streets, must be held to rank next. The Flinders btreet end was very gay. The Collingwood GasCompany'snowofficcs, viz.,tho oldBankof Victoria, had "A. E. A. " and " A. C," with a lovers'knot between,infront; and thegas wasof course, from obvious reasons, of first-rate qua- lity. Mr. W. Powell's wholesale ironmongery warehouse and the Freemasons' Hotel were also very brilliant. St. Paul's Schools, though beautifully decorated with flowers, was hardly effectively illuminated. Of coutse, the great ornament of the street was the Town-hall. The design here was magnificent. Tho lines of architecture had been more or less followed, and four of the pilasters in front were traced in gas. In the centro were enor- mous Prince's feathers in elaborate de- tail, with the motto " Ich Dien," and nhovo were the words " God save the Queen," As in the case of the banks, the wind did not allow this design to be often seen. Nearly opposite, Messrs. Fonl and Co., in- ventors of the new Prince of Wales scent, had a pretty "A. & A.," with Etar between, and a line of light below. lu front of the Royal Oak Hotel was a.transparency depicturing the young couple surrounded by Australian 6jmbols, under which wero the woids ""Tribute of Australia's Love." At the Exchange Hotel was a line of gas jets merely. Messrs Watson and Sons, warehousemen, had also " A & A.," with a star of Bethlehem, in gas jet3. At tho Globe Hotel was a trans- parency containing the united English and D.misharmsin a medallion. The illumina- tions at the premises of Messrs. J. Toulde-n, butcher, the Strangers' Home, and the Bri- tannia Hotel, though not differing from the general pattern, were worth mention. The public library was lit up with candles, taste lully arranged. rilNDEBS-STKEET WEST. As regards this street, the illuminations were by no means on so grand a scale as in the other leading streets of the city; nor was it to be expected, perhaps, that such should be the case. Still the street, with the help of the shipping at the Queen's Wharf, made a goodly show, and the general effect of the illumina- tion here was rather brilliant than otherwise. Several of the moro prominent buildings ex- hibited devices and mottoeä worthy of the occasion. Messrs. G. and J. Shaw, ware- housemen, displayed on the front wall of their store a transparency showing the Prince of Wales' feathers, with the motto, " Ich dien," and on a scroll the words, "God bless them." Evanß's Hotel was gay only with flaçs; but tho warehouse of Sargood. King, and Sargood, next door, was brilliantly iighted up with no less than seven stars of pretty design-one in the centre of the top story, three running along the face of the second, and three along that of the lower story. The Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany's premises displayed a single star, with the letters " A." and " A." on either side. The Yarra Hotel exhibited a transnarent por- trait of the Prince and Princess of Wales, and had numerous candles placed in every window in the house. In front of tho Messrs. Fulton's watehouse, thero was a single large crown, without any motto ; while the Sir Charles Hotham Hotel displayed the English crown, with the letters " A E." and " A. C." right and left of it. The shippinr? at the Queen's Wharf was covered with flags from bow to stern ; and amongst the vessels thus celebrating the occa- sion were the steamers Gothenburg, Tas- mania, Western, Black Swan, and Keera. FLINDERS STREET EAST. In this locality the chief display was made at the premises of the Carron Timber-yard and those of W. H. Lamont, coal merchant, adjoining. The front of the buildings was elaborately decked out with flowers and shrubs, and a lar;e star, with the initials " A. E."and"A." underneath, in gas jets, burned with great brilliance and steadiness, and threw a strong light over to the Melbourne Railway Station, which had a crown and star, and the letters A. A." in gas, but which the perverse wind flatly refused to allow to remain alight for more than two consecutive minutes. The remainder of tho illumination in this street was of the ordinary private character. riilNDER'S LANE was even moro loyal than tho street, and some of the devices exhibited were of rather an ambitious character. The Electric Tele- graph-office displayed over the door the Prince of Wales' feathers, with the motto, "Ich Dion," while candles were lighted in all the windows. From the top of Mason and Firth's printing office streamed a large banner, bearing the words "Albert and Alexandra-mfty they be happy ;" while in all the lower windows were transparencies, each showing simply the letter " A." Across the street, also, from their pre- mises hung a banner, with tho -nords "Long live Albert and Alexandra-may they be happy." Over the entrance to the offices of Bright Brothers thero was a large transparency exhibiting tho Prince of Wales' feathers, with the words, "God bless the Prince and Princess," while from ropes stretched across to the oppo- site building depended flags of many nations and of a variety of colours. The Hambuig and Bremen Consulate displayed simply thearmB of Hamburg and Bremen. Over the entrance to the warehouse of E. F. Sichel and Co. there was a rather pretentious display, in tho shape of a transparency representing tho marriage of the Royal.pair, on a scroll were the words,"Vic toria's Welcome to Victoria's Son," and at the top and bottom corners a mailed arm holding a sickle, with the motto "As you sow, you reap." M'Naughton, Love, and Co. had in front of their premises three stars, with the letter "A." after the first and before the third, and the words "Long may they live." Their premises were also gay with flags ; while L. Stevenson and Sons ex- hibited a single star between the letters "A." "A.," flags waving from all polntB of their warehouse. Prince of Wales' feathers and the motto "Ich Dien" appeared to be highly popular in the lane, and they wero displayed on a great many of the buildings. KINO-STREET. The illumination was confined to ono or two of the larger warehouses, and to two or three of the hotels. The devices were, in goneral, tho feathers and motto, transparent, or stars of different kinds. QUEEN-STREET. The southern end of this street was gay with illuminated devices. The offices of the Victoria Sugar Works exhibited a transpa- rency of considerable size, showing portraits of tho Royal pair, together with the feathers, the Danish shield in two corners, and tho words " God preserve Albert and Alexandra." Wilson, Buchanan, and Co showed a cross and ¿he feathers, and the letters " A. & A. ;" while in front of the warehouses of Degraves and A. Woolley there was a long stretch of perforat-d piping with the feathers in the centT and*th_ \tUe.r > at ejtl-er end of it. The Orient Bank displayed a device in which pretti v formed stars were the leading feature in" merous flags, too, waved from various parts of the Imi ding. One of the most appropria« and compete designs exhibited in this Btrcer was that m front of the premises of Mr Crisn Ä He displayed the Imperial crown and the Royal arms of England (with the first son of the .first hSuse), and the shield of the heir -apparent tied with the Mnco of Wales' crown, with the lette« A. ... and A. A." in monogram, the wholu surmouuted by the Princo of WaleV feather in flower., with the motto, "Ich Dien." TK were other devices of less note on many of the buildings in Queen-street. * , AVILLIAM-STDEET. Here the illuminations were chiefly confined tosomeof the larger buildings and warehouses The Railway department, lately the Govern- ment-house, exhibited the Princo of Wales's feathers and motto in front ; while in front of the Exhibition-building there wero th» feathers, the motto, and the letters "A E "nn each side of the feathers. The Avarehouse of Douglas De Little and Co. was oailv ornamented with signal flags, so arranged as to form the letters "A.E.," while the who. building was illuminated by the helo of candlelight. St. James's School waa verv prettily decorated with evergreens and flowers, and illuminated also by the helu of candles. The offices of the White Star Line of Packets exhibited a transparency, bordered with flowers, beariDg tho Princo of Wales's feathers and shield, with tho letters "A A" The floral decorations Avere nicely done and thero was no waut of flags to heighten th* general effect. Nono of the other designs ia this street require to be noticed specially. MAUKET STBEET. Messrs. Lange and Thomson displayed four illumiuatcd crownB, and had numerous candles in the different windows of their Avarehouse. Messrs. Crosby and Son had a design, showing the crown in the centre the Prince of Waleä feathers on each side' with the letter "A.'! below each feather' Messrs. Rots and Spowers displayed the' Danish shield surmounted hy the crown and having on each side of the shield the Pi ince of WalesT feather, with thewords "Albert Edward and Alexandra Caroline," with "V.R." iulnrco lettersoneachsideoftheshield. The Melbourne Savings Bank exhibited a large Btar over tho main entrance, together with the feathers and the motto " Ich Diem ;" while both ou the Market-street and Flinders-lane sides of the building there weio smaller stars, with "A.B." in the centre of each. Messrs. Wilshin and Leighton displayed a transparency of the Prince of Wales's feathers, with " England" below it, and the Dunish crown, with " Denmark" under it. These completo the list of the noticeable part ol the illumination* to far as legards Market-street. '' SPENCEB-STBEET. In Spencer-street the main feature of at traction was of course the Railway offices and station. Over the offices there was an oblong transparency of great size, and very artistically executed, comprising a shield emblazoned with the Royal Arms, supported by the words " Albert Edward," and " Alexandra, Den- mark," which wero in their turn lelievctl by the emblems of St. George and the Dragon and the arms of Denmark, the whole en- circled by laurels, the general effect being a most nlc3Bing one. Over the railway entrance the railway coloured lamps were employed, and the white carriage lamps along the n hole facade, combining in a somewhat gro- tesque manner the titile et dulce, but the effect amongst tho evergre-ens with which the pillars at the entrance were surrouudod was very agreeable to the eye. Tho goods department had a transparency of a tiery-looking lug- gage truck, with the motto "Advance Aus- tralia," and various coloured lamps. Thero were no gas illuminations in this street, but various transparencies, the only subject em- ployed being the Prince of Wales' feathers, with or without the initials. LONSDALE STREET. In Lonsdale-street the illuminations wero mostly in candle and oil; but they wero very general. The Catholic cathedral, at tho corner of Lonsdale-3trect caBt and Elizabeth Btreet, had over the portal a line cros3 in gas, sufficiently brilliant to bring out the main outlines of the edifice. Mr. Fitzgerald, tho surgeon, by means of Chinese lanterns and foliage, created a very pleasant effect. The Supremo Court offices wero lit up in somewhat tho same manner, with two small transpa- rencies, displayingtlioinilialsofthePrinco and Princess. Prosser'sboaidinghousehadasmall line of gas; but we only notice it on accitint of the general scarcity of the articlo in this htrcet. Salomon and Wionhardt displajed the initials "A A" in gas. From this point the main features of display were the different hotels at the varions street intersection;, the Beehive Hotel having, in addition to the candle illuminations, a transparency of the Prince of Wale3 feathers, and tho initials. The Victoriin had, also, tbo feathers, with the addition of " Advance Aus- tralia" as a heading, and supported by the Rose, Shamrock, and Thistle. The Olympic varied the general lighting by employing Chinese lanterns, adding thereto tbe feathers in transparency. The Black Eagle had small transparencies. In Lonsdale-street west, Hockin's Hotel, at the corner of Elizabeth street, formed a bright corner, although candles only were employed. Messrs. M'Far land and Sons produced a charming effect by placing in each of their eight windows twelve coloured vase-shaped glasses of differ- ent hues, and yielding a subdued and mellow light. Adjoining, were several houses which, by adopting the same idea of candle illumi- nation, relieved by a background of scarlet and white curtains, produced a very chaste effect. Messrs. Law Brothers exhibited a transparency with the initials "A and A" and the motto, " God Bless the Prince and his Bride." The Carpentaria Hotel had a lino of gas extending along the front of the building. The Public Works Department mounted a crown ingasovertheportal. Tankard's Tempe- rance Hotel had a very good transparency of the feathers, supported by the no- tional flags, with the motto, " God Bless Thora," and ornamental scroll-work. Tho Red Lion Hotel, and Messrs. Stevenson and Elliot, coachbuildere, displayed trans- parencies presenting portraits of the Prince and Princess, with wreaths around and other ornamentation. The Council Club Hotel boil a small A A in gas, but tho supply was not sufficient, or ponto cause or the other pre- vented its burning properly. The Crown and Niagara Hotels had also transparencies of tho feathers and crown. LA TROBE-STREET. In La Trobe-street the Bamo generalremark as to gas applies as in Lonsdale- street; butin this streot, also, tho other moans of illumi- nation were not so generally resorted to as they might have been. Tho Model Schools, although not in La Trobe-street, yet lit up tho upper end of it in a very effective manner, tho design being in gas ; the princely initials supporting the feathers. Carltón-gardens wera to have assisted in throwing additional light on this part of the street by means ot a bonfire, but the materials not being raised, the additional light was not thrown. The Olive Branch and (he Supremo Court notéis exhibited transparencies of the feathers and initials A A ; the Supreme Court itself being illuminated only with candles, hut this pile of building showing well. Menzies Hotel looked very bright, and exhibited the usual transparency of the fcatherB, with the addi- tion of swords and a regal cushion. Several of the stores not beiug lit up in this part of tho street formed a very blank appearance. In La Trobo-strcet west, tho Lands and Sur- vey Department had a brilliant crown m gas placed on the Royal arms in .stone, which surmount the portal of that building. A Mr. Aarons had his threo windows tillea with transparencies of the Royal Standard, the portraits of the Princo and Princess, and the Danish flag. Cornish and Bruce had» y.ery large design in gas, comprising tho crown, the princely initials, a star, and scroll- work, but owing to some defect in the main, or otherwise, the supply of gas was, unfortu- nately, too scanty to allow of the whole die playing-a circumstance the moreto bo re grettedas this was really the only design ini tiro Btreet boyond the ordinnry.eitberinconçeption or mngnitude. Mr. HodgEon, opposite tüeir building, had some pleai-ing little trans- parencies in tho windows, of the feather?, tno initials, &c.; From this spot the only other building attracting attention was the wesi end Hotel, corner of Spencer-street, illumi- nated by candles. BUSSELL STREET. The northern oxtremity of this thorough- fare presented a singularly dismal contrast to the central and southern portions. The dreary blank exterior of the Central Gaol was but faintly enlivened by the solitary street lamp nt the corner, and on coming city-wards, the SinremeCdurt-housc, with its rows of com mates ¡a each window, looked positively ïwerful Over the way, the Supreme Court Tfnlel had an illuminated device of the Prince of Wales' feathers, with the lettera "A A " underneath. A Bimilar device was Ml-biietl at the Beehive Hotel, and also at Alcock's hilliard table factory. The prem ises of nhode. th" butcher, wero profusely decorated with evergreeuB, and over tbo door was a diicld bearing the letters "A. E. A.," on which a circlet of gas-jets threw a brilliant light. The Golden Fleece Hotel, in-addition to a display o' foliase-, had its lower windows illuminated with a series of emblematic transparencies. From this portion of Russell s reet as far aa Bourke-strcet, the scene was .aita bright and lively. The premises of Mr. Barnett provision merchant, had a very largo transparency of the Prince and Princess, and the coach-factory of Miller Brothers olio had some pretty illuminated emblems, and » row °* carriage-lamps lit . up. Messrs. Mackennal and Scuiry "displayed an illuminated device of the Princo of Wales' feathers. A like device was to be seen at Saint's, tho signwriter. The large store of Messrs. Laing and Webster, which looked exceedingly weli in tho day time, with its display of flag» and foliage, had a large »tar and the lettera " A¿ A." in gas jete, but tho fine appearance which this illu- mination should havo presented was en- tirely marred by the persistent wind wbicliblcwsteadi-yagainsti.. At Mr.Carter's, the dentist, a large star in gas was more kindly dealt with, and burned with com- mendable steadiness. The Duke of York Hotel and the premises of the Turnverein had no distinctive devices. Along the whole length of Russell-street, the private dwelling houses were more or less lit up with can- dle.. SPniNO-BTBEK-, The principal illuminations in Spring-street | were confined to the Houses of Parliament, the Treasury, the Government Printing office, the Princess's Theatre, and the Model I 6chc.li. Tho device in front of the Houses of Parliament has already boon described in connexion with Bouike-street; and as for the | Treasury, perhaps the lesa said the better. For one brief period in the course of the | evening, the outline of this building was uni foruilylitup, and had the fates but been pro- pitious, not mauy edificea would have pre- sented such a grand illuminated appearance. I As it was, the Treasury, which should have | been a chef-d'ouvre in the matter of illu- minations, was almost, if not quite, a failure. The central device was well nigh concealed under a lu licrous vizor of rope und planking, and its unfinished aspect was at times shown np in painful contrast by the surrounding glare. The less pretentious display of the -orcminent Printing office, with its uniform rows of the conventional composite, was far more effective and successful. In front of the Princess's Theatre was exhibited an illu- minated device of tho ' Prince of Wales' feathers, with the initials " A. A. ;" and at the .Model Schools, tho Prince of Wales' feathers in gas jets, with the hitters "AA" on each side, burned very steadily and brightly, and quito lit up the large triangular space in front of the building. Tho large block of buildings near the junction of Spring and Flinders streets, although only lit up with candles, and in some instances with Chinese lanterns, presented a very fiuo appearance, THE QUEEN'S WHARF. Tho almost incessant rain of Tuesday failed to damp the loyal ardour of the good people wh», by reason of their residence or business being in the locality, were induced to give vent to their rejoicings at the west end of Flinders-street ; for the programme of the day's proceedings, drawn up undoubtedly in anticipation of fine weather, was faith- fully and zealously carried out, the wet and rand-and there was abundance of both apparently but conducing to an increase of the hilarious excitement. While duo prominence was given to the lighter and moro fanciful expressions of rejoicing, yet it was evident, fiom Tuesday's proceedings that in this part of the town, at least, con- siderable confidence is placed in the old Eng- lish belief that the genuino way of manifest- ing a people's happiness is by an ad libitum in du/gooci) in ibu Kood things of this life. Near the Queen's Wharf, the process of roast- ing a whole bullock was commenced early in the morning, and at noon the work »is finished. The savoury animal was then rat inlo slices, and dispensed, along with a ¡¡¡»ral supply of bread ami beer, to all who chose to partake. There was, ti a matter of course, some scrambling, »oil no little mud-larking; but cheer after deer, uttered in the most vociferous manner, indicated that loyalty and good humour were the order of the day. Every one who wit- nessed this interesting ceremony must have coma away with the conviction that, if hearty eating and drinking are to be regarded as toy indication of attachment to the Throne, then the denizens of Flindera-street west are right loyal subjects. In the afternoon, when the wi'uther somewhat cleared up, sports of different kinds were indulged in ; and in tho evening, the; illuminations in this and other patts ol tim city attracted the attention of the people. The funds for tho sports were col- lected by a committee of management ; while the bullock was contributed by Mr. Benson, butcher ; the bread by Mr. M'Cubbin ; and the ker by Messrs. Muicutt, Terry, and Co. Mr. Hilliard supplied 1,500 bricks to facilitate tho roasting of the bullock. FULTON'S FOUNDKÏ. The proprietors of thlsestablishmenttsuned the holiday of Tuesday to pleasing account. A wholo bullock was roasted by steam, the spit being turned by machinery. To partake of this substantial fare, to which were added not a few other creature comforts and deli- cacies, the Messrs. Fulton invitedall thelrwork people, along with their wives and families, as well us a few friends-the company num- bering upwards of 200. The repast was laid out in one of their largo store-rooms, which was tastefully decorated for the occa- sion, After ample justice had been done to the dinner, the chairman, Mr. Ingham, pro Posed the usual loyal and patriotic toasts, much wera interspersed with vocal and in «trumental music. The health of the different members of the firm followed; and this part of the proceedings closed %vith "The Press, and may tho Gagging Bill bo defeated." The company then dispersed for an hour, during. «iel; time the room was cleared for the ball. JJancing commenced between eight and nine »clock, and wus kept up with spirit till a late hour. SHIPPING IN THE RIVER. Atcight a.m., all the shipping in the river a numerous fleet both of steamers and sailing tessels-dressed, making a gallant display of | .writing. At noon tho Royal Shepherd fired »salvo of six guns, followed by the Gothen lurg with four, and the Lioness with six. At sunset the' flags were taken in. The Tas- mania then sent up a rocket of beautiful Colours. The Royal Shepherd followed suit wa six fine rockets, after which she fired tsgiins, The GothenburgdressedyardB with jT «re, and made a splendid display. The J-astnama alFo illuminated. Altogether the Hilayvaiseiiri horn Prince'B-bridge and the ?"nia ol the Yarra, was extremely pretty. BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. Tue inmates of this institution were well «red for, and no doubt appreciated | the efforts made for their comfort and enjoy "lent. Good cheer ÍB of course the main in ercdient in the festivities of such an asylum, »nd that this was well provided may be seen »r reference to the following list of donors »id their gifts ¡-Messrs. Paterson, Ray, Är' nn,l,Co'! £1° ! Mr- J- M. Joshua, £10 ; E0». Bomlce-Rtreet,£l Is.; Mr. Jameson, o«,, VÍitreïî' m- 6J- ; Mr- Pnnn. Williams rZi-'fL1'<}tr.. Mayne, Elizabeth-street, one Brniii, vü'-i w!no and one case of sherry ; Mr. irn '^ctena-atreet, two large hams ; Mr. »in?"«". Kllzitoeth-streot, two cases port St' . fm- CulrIu nnd Smith, Swanston sitóí blíty no,lt'd8 currants ; Mr. Brear, Eli F.S"!^yßfty lamida taisins; Mr. Calvert, iSAi !ket| balf- dozenfowls; Mr.Hoekiu, Mr?01 ?ftrcc1* ono barro1 Porter ! Messrs. DIn;Ci,in,and Co- one barrel ale; Mr.* 2 "OMlyn-street, twelve dozen lemonade Kini? ?. ,,',eiiof8inBer-wtLe;Messis.Hopeaud BenL«olllI1(*-street, one crate crockery ;"Mr. oneffi0üfBbs!lsflouraD[lt*velve tins groats: »M barrel of ale and a calf, Mr.Rigby, fJounci Club Hotel, Queen-street ; three bags flour and acose of sherry, Mr.Benson, Asse'mbly Hotel, Bourke-street; a case of ale, Mr, Keenan, Elizabeth-street; a quarter of veal, Mr. Kerr, Queen-street; three quarters veal,Mr.Weston, King- street; a sido of beef, Mr. Bignell, Bourke-street; a Bide of bacon and three cheeses, Mr.M'Donnell.Elizaboth-Ftreet ; bag of rice, Oriental Rice-mills, Flinders-street; one case wine, Donovan and Mulcahcy, Lonsdale-. street ; one hogshead hie, Murcutt, Terry, and Co., Flinders-lane; one hogshead ale*, Mr. Martin, Flinders-lone. The dinner consisted of three courses, washed down with ampio sup- plies of ale, and wino for the hospital side of tile house. Mr. Harker, the treasurer, pre- sided, and commenced the feast by calling on the guests to drink the health of the newly married Royal couple, Avhich was given with three most hearty cheers. The number of mate conviva was 17G, and in the women's department, thirty-nine. At the conclusion of the meal Mr. Sturt, who is a member of the committee, also addressed the guests on their privileges as subjects of the Queen of England, and this was followed by nine times nino at the leaBt. The Na- tional Anthem waa then struck up, and the harmony, although perhaps not of so effective a nature as it might be, was Btcadily perse- vered in iu a most praiseworthy manner until the conclusion. Several speeches were made, and recitations given-ono old gentle- man, eighty-five years of age, made a speech of some length while supported by two of his companions ; the said speech being, no doubt, excessively loyal, but, unfortunately, for the main part unbearable. The company then dispersed from the tables, to enjoy themselves according to their respective idiosyucracies. The women's diuing- hull presented the same features, and they would have their speeches and songs likewise. THE'LYING-IN HOSPITAL. Through the kind liberality of the firm of Messrs. Paterson, Ray, Palmer, and Co., the inmates of the Lying-in Hospital Avero sup- plied with a plentiful and elegant repast on the occasion of the day's celebra- tion. The dinner was spread in tho largo committee-room of the hospital, and about fifty, patients and servants included, bat doAvn to table. In the rase of the patients who were uuabl. to attend at the table, a shore of the lepast waa served to them in their rooms. THE FEMALE REFUGE. For this institution Mr. Bennet, the butcher, gavo two legs of pork ; Messra. Scott and Kennedy, a packet of groceries; Mr. Ben craft, one bag of flour and twelve tins of groats ; Mr. Dodgshun, one box of candles : and Mrs. Barker, Victoria-parade, o supply of cakes. The inmates were re-çaled willi a good dinner and tea, and participated, as far as the requirements of the institution would permit, in the rejoicings of the occasion. THE GAOLS AND HULKS. The prisoners in the penal establishments were not forgotten in the general enjoyment. The males in the central gaol, debtors as well as the men under punishment, received, in addition to their usual íations, each a two pound white loaf, quarter-pound butter, two ounces tea, and quarter-pound fine sugar. A barrel of ale, the gift of Mr. Benson, of the Assembly Hotel, waa also divided amongst them, giving a pint and a-half to each. The women ,anel boys in the Western Guol had nli-o a smaller allowance of all the above exilas, with the omission of the heer. The prison inmates of the hulks were also, through the kindness of the Inspector-Genetal of Penal Establishments, provided, at his own chaige, with one pound plum-pudding each, with tea and sugar for their breakfast and supper. In the evening, the northern front of tho central gaol was illuminated, Mr. Wintle, tile governor, having undertaken the cost of the gas fitting?, &c.; The pi isom-re for the most part appeared highly, sensible of the indulgence accorded to them in addition to their ordinary bill of fare. THE IMMIGRANTS' HOME. The inmates of the Immigrants' Home were regaled with an ample dinner in the marquee erected in the Government Do- main, beyond Prince's-bridge ; and concluded the festivity in commemoration of the Prince of Wales's marriugo with a supper of roast beef, plum pudding, uud ale, on their return to the home. THE HAYMARKET. An afternoon performance took place- at this theatre, when the "American Cousin" was perfoimed, witli Mr. Jefferson in his favourite character of Asa Tienchard. In the evening the entertaiiiments consisted of the " Irish Lion " and the builesque of " Fayre Rosamoud." During the evening the following address, written by Mr. James Smith, was admirably spoken by Misa Rose Edouin : Aerees the bleak and stormy sea, a thousand years ago, Tho Raven flying at tho main, carno England's Danish foo,- - Came fleet on fleet of war-ships, with the dragon at the prow, And o'er the bvnki of rowora hung tho burnished shields in row; While Vikings grim and Udal-mon toned warlike -lunts beluw. They loft a clime whero nature bound tho earth In iron bands ; Tboj sought a shoro where blander airs breathed over softer lauds. Thoy boached their ships on English coasts, and emptied out a horde Of Norsemen floteo, from toss and sound, from icy fiold and ford, fthoro'or th' invader's foot was placed, tho soil waa stained with blood. And smould'rlng ouibcrs marked the spot whoro town and tower had stood ; Nor aged monk, nor tondor child, nor dnino, nor tomb was spaiod ; Tho spoil of all the realm held dear the pirate Vlk'nga shared : And ruddy woro tho skies at night, and lurid dawned tho day, AB burning church and Aiming grango lit' up the loo men's way. Bcdly the rlvors ran with blood; itdyed tho springing corn; And many an English maid bowallcd tho hour that sho was born. With brand and how and battlo-axo, resistless In their sweep, A harvest for tho sepulchre, the Sons of Odin reap : The obscono Raven llapp'd lils wings, and «hero his shadow fell, Tho goodly earth forboro to smile, and wore a look of ho.l. In aftor years, In English homes, would faltering tongues relate How savage w ore the Norse in war, how terrlblo their hate ; Till craven Ethelro,l resigned lils scoptro lo the Dane, And on the Island-throne roposcd the Btcrn old sea king Swovno, Yor, tiy the novvcr blood lufueod from S -andinavian springs, A nobler race Old England bred of subjects and of Kings; In coun.ol wtte, in warfare brave, ou'.spokon, truth ful, free, Holding their isla Inviolate and monarchs of the sea ; Pounding now omplrcs on the glorious model ot tho old, And ro establishing in Inf.nt states tho ago of gold. A thousand years havo como and gone, and once, yet once again. Our mother isle bears witness to th' invasion cf the Dane Not, as of old, by armed mon, with torch and blood Btained brand; Not, as of old, to ravage, waste, and dovastate the land ; Not, as of old, to lovel towns, and spoilthoconquered raco; Not, as of old, to sear with Uro our England's gracious face But, m tho budding flower of youth, with hopo and joy olato, ' Old Denmark sends across tho sea "the rose" of Its " fair state." No host ile arm or hand upraised, no boacon glares on high ; No warning voice thrills through the air, "tho Haven flouts the sky 1" That Haven brings tho olivo branch, the Vikings land as friends ; And England from her myriad throats a lusty welcome son- s " God bless the graceful girl who treads tho .oil which freedom loves ; God bless tho youthful brido who like a fairy creaturo moves ; God bless the gontie maid wbo wears BO innocent a mien ; , God bless tho Danish ross in whom wo hall our futuro Queen." Oh I victor o'or an empire's love, prize the rich gift jou've won, For such another conquero! realm lies not beneath the sun. 0, glorious strongth of gontlcncsi ! O, mi ¿ht of love and youth I 0, heart-subduing power of high desert and spotless truth! Where'er our mothor tongue ii heard, where'er our name ia known, AVo broathi a blessing on the pair who stand beside the throne. Long may the widowed Queen, who awaya tho sceptre of our lund, Continuo in the exerclss of that benign command. And when, amidst a people's tears, she pasics to her rest, May Albert nnd lila Danish bride be, like her, loved and b'e.se_ I THE THEATRE ROYAl. At tho Theatre Royal, ' the tragedy of "Richard the Third," ivith Mr. Barry Sullivan as Gio'ster, was repeated. The house I was crowded in every part with the exception of the dress circle, and tho performance was re- ceived witli enthusiastic applause THE APOLLO MUSIC-HALL. This once-popular place of amusement was on this occasion re-opened to the public. In celebration of the Royal marriage, the lessee of the Haymarket Hotel airanged for a fancy and masquerade ball, which duly took place in the evening. The whole of the com- modious saloons in connexion with the hall were thrown open to tho visitors entirely free, and an efficient band was in attendance. Although the liberal invitation put forward was well responded to, the extent of the accom- modation prevented the dancers from being inconveniently ciowded, and at a late houi they seemed determined to prolong their amusement until dawn. THE ALHAMBRA. A ball was given at this saloon, and the room was completely crowded with holidoy makcrs. The saloon waa handsomely de- corated, and an excellent band was in at- tendance THE POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTE. Tho Polytechnic Institute waa well filled throughout the day. Lectures were deliA'ered by Mr. V. Simons on Bread, and Mr. Ffrost on Phrenology, and these, Avith the dissolving views and Miss Wardeu's vocalization, ap- peared fully to satisfy tliu holiday-makcm The handsome illumination of the building is noticed elsewhere. THE RAILWAYS, Tho traffic on tho various railways was very' large. 13,823 persons travelled by the Mel- bourno Railway alone, all of whom Avere booked at the different stations on that line ; besides 2,521, who were booked at the stations on the Brighton line. Over 6,000 persons availed themselves of the St. Kilda and Hobson's Bay line, and about 3,000 wero estimated to havo travelled by the Vic- torian Railways. To be in accordance with the general iestivitics, the various railway termini in Melbourno were adorned most lavishly with an abanduueo of floral emblems and evergreens. Some of the devices ia flowers wero exceedingly quirint and pretty. Many of the locomotives were also highly em- bellished with flowers and foliage, and the uriivul and dcpnr.uie of tho trains, with their puili-coloured decorations, hada pleasing and very pretty effect. BRIDAL PRESENT. One of tho first of tho shapes the goodwill of tho people assumed towards the Royal couple wai the proposition of a shilling sub- scription fpr tho purposo of presenting the Princess of Wales with a bridal gift. Two publio meetings were held, at which resolu- tions wore passed in favour of the proposal, and a committee named for the purpose of receiving subscriptions. Tho town clerk of Melbourno has been nppointed secretary. The committee aro actively engaged in receiving subscriptions, and circulais have been ad- dressed to tho various municipalities, road boards, and local bodies, to engage their aid. It is believed that a very large sum will be raised, and it is intended that tho present shall be a souvenir of tho colony. The original idea of the promoters was, crown of colonial gold, ornamented with nativo gems, should be presented. This sug- gestion baa perforce been abandoned, as, though specimens of nearly every kind of gem known to tho lapidary have been found in the colony, there aro none of them of BÍZO and quality sufficient for so ambitious a puipose as tho adornment of a Royal crown. It has Binco been in con- templation that the gilt shall take the form of a jewel-casket or dressing-caso of gold, chased with designs illustrative of Australian scenery, and surmounted by a miniature crown. For this purpose the eiulony could furnish some very fine precious stones, though not of largo size. They include diamonds, rubies, topazeh emeralds, garnets, nmethybts, opals, &c; ; though, ii the diamonds aroused, it will be ne- cessary to mount them uncut and unpolished, as thorn is no diamond-cutting establishment in this colony, nor, indeed, nearer than Am- sterdam. There is no doubt thu present will bo worthy of the Royal lady for whom it is in- tended, and of tho colony, whatever lorm It may assume. THE LADIES'PRESENT. Tho ladies propose to prepare a special token of their regard for the Princess Alexandra. A subscription, limited to half-a-crown-to which gentlemen are not to be privileged to subscribe-bas been suggested, to form a fund for tho purposo. A consideiablo sum will, LO doubt, be subscribed for somo elegant gift, ii the idea is not suffered to fall through from lack of assistance to carry it out. EAST COLLINGWOOD. The extent of the street decorations and illuminations was oue of tho great features of the demonstrations of loyalty which were made in this locality. The inhabitants cer- tainly entered upon their work with spirit, and succeeded in effecting a complète trans- formation in the general aspect of their rathei uncouth-looking thoroughfares. There seemed to havo been quite a loyal mania for the erection of triumphal arches, for there could scarcely have been less than a dozen raised of one description and another. Smith-street. Wellington- street, and Hoddle-strcet, had at least two each, of massive pVopor tions. Tho majority of tho arches wert decorated with everything that skill and in- genuity could suggest. In some cn ses wreaths of flowers decked the wattle, gum, and other green leaves, which formed the principal visible fabric of the arch ; and in other in- stances the centro of tho span was sur- mounted by the letters "A.A.," and a crown, constructed of beautiful flowers, and a pro- fusion of banners adorned the remainder of the arch. At nearly all the public- houses, as well as at many of the principal shops and prlvato dwellings, transparencies or gas jets W6te displayed. Somo of the designs showed great taste, and tho mottoes which wero selected evinced tho hearty good wishes of the people for tbo welfare and hap- piness of the Prince and Princess, as well as their loyalty to ner Majesty the Queen. So general were the decorations of tho buildings, that evou au undertaker's shop made a dis- play, though it must be confessed that the plan adopted by the proprietor combined a strango mixture of tho grave and the gay. Those inhabitants whoso means would not permit them to incur tho expense of gas illu- minations or transparencies, decked their windows with folds of drapery, or displayed floral decorations, some of which weio ex- ceedingly pretty, chrysanthemums, geraniums, fuschiae, and other flowers of rich aud varied hues being employed for the purpose. Even the very poorest classes had their out- ward demonstration of loyalty, for in the windows of the several Bmall wooden tene- ments of Cambridge-street and the vicinity crowns or tho letters "A. A.," printed on coloured paper, were exhibited and illuini, natcd with candle«. Where this plan was not adopted, some strip of ribbon, rosette, or small flag, was exhibited in fiontof the smaller houses, and the occupiers appeared proud to havo this means of showing they were equully as sincere in their rejoicings ns their richer fellow- colonists. A sum of £50 was voted by tho municipal coun- cil towards providing festivities in which all classes might participate, and this sum was supplemented by private subscriptions to the amount of about £100. The programme of the day, however, could not be carried out in its integrity in consequence of the rain-, but it was adhered to as far as possible. A pro cession of municipal councillors, rifle volun- teers, firemen, Oddfellows,Foresters,and other Beeret orders, was marshalled near the Town hall in the morning, by Councillor A. P. I Adcock, and marched through some of | the principal streets of the munici- pality to the Government-house re- serve, to witness the presentation of the | congratulatory addresses referred to else- where. Considering the state of tho weather, there was a very good muster, and the pro- cession looked quite gay, with its flags, ban- ners, ami other decorations. It wa-'intended that the school children should havo joined the procession, but this was wisely dispensed with. The intention to feast the children in the open air had also to be abandoned, but arrangements were made for giving them a ticat at their respective school-rooms. Two hogsheads of beer, to which all wero welcome were placoil in tho municipal reserve, and there was a free distribution of bread, beef, and other refreshments at the Town-hall. Similar distributions took place in various [ parts of tho municipality, several tradesmen having made liberal donations for this pur- pose, and a bullock was roasted wholo in the I vicinity of Hoddle-streot. In tho evening, thero wero fireworks, bonfires, and various festive gathering?, not the least important of which wiis the municipal ball, at the Studley Arma Hotel. 300 tickets were issued for the | ball, but as some of the tickets were to admit half a dozen persons, th. attendance ex- ceeded the number of tickets.' SIMPSON'S-ROAD. The inhabitants of this locality had made great preparations to celebrate the Royal marriage with hearty and enthusiastic de- monstrations of joy. Many of" tho houses were adorned with flags, wreaths, and othor decorations, and thcio was a good sprinkling of gas devices and transparencies. Two gay triumphal arches were also erected across the road, one near theNoith Richmond Hotel, nnd the other at the Eureka Hotel. A fine bullock was gi ven by Air. Mann, butcher, and roasted in Mr. Fanchild's paddock ; a large quantity of bread was given by Mr. Hare, baker,and an ample supply of beer by Mr. Hamilton, of the Eureka Hotel, all of which wero freely distributee! gratuitously. Messrs. Shelley, Matthews, nnd Sinclair had also provided a loasted bullock, which it was intended to distribute in the open air, nlong with a bairel of beer, and a supply of bread. A variety of old English sports had also been arranged. The rain which poured down necessitated considerable de- parture« from tho programme, but it was adhered to na much as possible. The feasting, however, was chiefly indoors instead of in the open air, but this did ntit destroy the appetite or /.est of the pooplo Balls were held at the North Richmoud and other hotels, and the festivities and rejoicings were kept up in a variety of ways uutil a late hour. FITZROY. Tho rejoicings in this municipality wero of the most enthusiastic and successful character, despite the unfavournbleness of the weather. The loc.il council had voted the sum of £260 to assist in making a right loyal demonstra- tion, and about £100 was added by private subscriptions ; but so liberal were the arrange- ments of tho committco entrusted with the dlsbuisement of the funds, that the expenses, it is expected, will leave a deficit of at least another £100. Thero can bo no doubt, how- ever, that the loyalty of the district will speedily provide the pecuniary means neces- sary to liquidate this deficiency. The great centre of the festivities was the spacious market-place, adjoining the Town hall. It divers an area of about 300 fee-tin length by 100 in breadth, and the wholo of it ii under cover. The floor was laid with boards specially for this occasion, and thoin ti-rior of the building was decorated with green foliage, flowers, flags, banners, bannerets, and ornamental devices of various descrip- tions. Every pillar was entwined, every rafter or unsightly beam was enshrouded in a pro- fusion of leaves and flowers. No less than seventy cartloads of shrubbery were used in the decorations. At tho entranco, in Moor-street a triumphal arch was erected, and immediately in front of the door the shield of the corporation, surrounded with a gay wreath, was displayed. At the opposite end, within the building, there, waa aiYery, pretty floriated device, representing a crown, thintle, &i;*. In this market-place-which more resembled a lurga conservatory than a building devoted to Eue'h mundane pursuits as buying and selling-the children belonging to all the schools iu the district were regaled. It was intended that after assembling at their respective schools, they should proceed to an appointed rcndezvous.and then match through the principal streets to the market-place. The wet, however, interfered with this arrange- ment, and they had towalk directtotheioca/cof tho festivity. Upwards of 3,000 children were present, but every care had been taken to prevent crowding or confusion, and all were comfortably seated by a little after twelve o'clock. In the centro of the building was arranged one long line of tahlee, extending the entire length, and on each side weie other tables. They weie literally crammed with bmiB, oakes-, sweetmeatF, and other good things to please the juvenile palate. Ample justice was done to the faro. Grace was sung both before and after dinner. During the afternoon a liberal supply of ftuit was distributed, along with ging'.r-vvine,milk,and otherliquids. The gathering was ia all respects a most interest- ing on?, and the coup daiil evidently afforded the highest pleasure and gratification to all who had the good fortune to behold it.. The children without exception presented a very neat appearance, each one being decked with a wedding favour, and their trailing happy faces abundantly testified that thoy enjoyed the treat immensely. The most striking scene in connexion with the j'etc, however, was tho singing of tho version of the Natioual Anthem adapted by the Rev. Newman Hall In commemoration of the Royal marriage. It was sung by the uuitid voices of the 3,000 children, with a f6ivour and loyalty, which will doubtless produco a deep and lasting im- pression on the rising generation of Fitzroy. Three hearty cheers for the Queeu and the Prince of Wales, and three cheers and "one cheer more" lor the Princess followed, given with a sincerity and unrestrained enthusiasm which uro especially the chaine-' terlstics of childhood's early years. Several other pieces were sung by the children in the course of the afternoon, and some of the mem- bers of the municipal council delivered short addresses appropriate to the occasion. A white medal commemorative of the Royal marriage has been struck, and each child pre- sent at the festivo gathering will re ceivo one. On the obverse are the date of the marriage and the date of the celebration in Victoria, and on the reverse is the crest of the Prince of Wales. It was not convenient to distribute them on Tuesday, but a supply will basent to tho teacher of each school ford is p.i-ion. After tho children's feast refresh- ments wero distributed ad libitum to all who choso to accept them. In the even- ing there was another gay and animated aceno in the market- place, when the " Muuicip.il Ball" took place. About 3,000 tickets had been issued for the ball, and the invitations wero very largely accepted. The room wa«, in fact, etowded. Gas was used'for the illumination of the building, a ino of piping having been laid right round tho walls, The ball-room had- a very picturesque appearance, for although full ball costume Avas not insisted upon, many of tho ladies wore exceedingly ele.ant dresses, volunteers wore in uniform, and the Masons, Druid-, Oddfellows, and Foresters had been requested to appear in the costume and regalia of their several orders. The nnibic was furnished by tho Col- lingwood Band, and the pleasures of the dance wore enjoyed until early morn, \\\'_ mu.t devote a short space to some de-, scriptlou of tho decorations and illuminations of the municipality. The principal facade at thu Town-hall was tendered quite gay with floral columns and green leaves. In the evening it was illuminated, the dcBign con- sisting of three laigo Bemi-circles foi merl of cas jctp, above which were Baverai vertical lines, of fire. At tho top of the watch-tower adjoining tho market-place was erected a four sided transparency, representing tho Royol arms, tho Prince's crest, _c, with loyal mot- toes, the whole illuminated with gas. The citizens generally Bcemetl to vie with each other in the adornment and illuminntion of their houses and shops. In Brunswick and Gertrude streets almost every build- ing displayed a flag, a transparency, ,or a gas-light illumination, and the general appearance of tbeso streets could scarcely have been made more handsome. In Biuns w-ick-street íl'¿s weie suspended across the thoroughfares in two or threo places. At the National Hotel there was a largo trans- parency, and the landlord of the Rifle Brigade Hotel evinced his loyalty by ex hibiting the motto ''LongMay tnej Livo¡" and decorating his premises with wreaths, gar- lands, and flags. At the Champion Hotel the transparency had this inscription-" Victoria's Blessing on Both." The Derby Hotel, in Ger- trude street, was beautifully decorated. In N.ipier-street Dr. Haddeti had a transpare-ney, with tho Scotch motto, " Micht they baith lie happy." A (eight o'clock nil enormous bonfire waa lighted on a site at the junction of Greeves and Brunswick streets. About forty tons of fuel had been piled together, and as the foun- dation consisted of a good layer of tar, and tar barrels and other combustibles were thrown amongst the logs, the . wood was soon ia a glorious blaze, notwithstanding that rain bad been falling nil day. A grand display bf firewoika took place in the vicinity of the bonfire, and au immense concourso ol'persons assembled to witness them. Barrels of beer und bread and meat wero also provided. In the midst of the demonstrations and rejoicings the poor wero not forgotten. £25 was voted by the local ccnimhteo to the Benevolent Society, and the money was dis- tributed on Monday by Mr. Bom, on behalf of the Municipal Council, and by Mrs. Ridley, for the ladies of the Benevolent Institute. The money was givon away in sums varying from 2s. 6d. to 10d., according to the number and circumstances of each family, and thus many poor people wero enabled to have a merry- making who would otherwise perhaps have had no addition to their everyday fare. KEW AND HAWTHORN. -. Many of tho inhabitants of these villages decked and illuminated the windows of their houses, and tho town-hall, Hawthorn, was also prettily decorated and illuminated. Thero wero likewise four bonfires made-one on Barkers-kill, Kew ; two in the vicinity of the Hawthorn Town-hall, and tho other near Hawthorn Church. They wero each com- posed of several tons of fuel, and sent forth heat and flamo enough to have sorved the English Smithfield for many a day when fana- ticism kindled its historic fires there. These were the principal demonstrations at Kew and Hawthorn, on the Tuesday, tho general day of tho rejoicings ; but the Royal marriage was celebrated in a festive manner at Kow on Monday, and at Hawthorn on Wednesday this course being adopted in order that the inhabitants might have an opportunity of seeing the illuminations in Melbourne. At Kew, the municipal council gave a treat to the whole of the children in thc\illago, The scone of the festivity was the Atbenamm, which was profusely decorated willi flowers and foliage. At oro end of tho room tho Prince of Wnles's plumo had been foimed, on a largo scale, with whito loses and other appro- priate flowers, and the motto " Ich Dion " was designed in scarlet flowers. Imme- diately below were tho initial letters, "A.j E. and A.," in various coloured chrysanthemums a.iid other flowers, and beneath this design Vas a portrait of the " happy pair," encircled with flowera and evergreens. Garlands were arranged round the walls. Every child in the village was invited to share in the festi- vity, and wo need scarcely say that the invi- tation was joyously accepted by all who could attend. Of hoys and girls there were alto- gether about 300 present. They were regaled with tea and cake, and after tho repast they wero entertained with a magic lantern, an'd with a number of songs, sung by Mr. Litolff, who accompanied himself on tho harmonium. Fruit was distributed amongst the juveniles during tho evening, and they appeared quite happy and delighted with tho many good things provided for their enjoyment. After toa the paionts and friends of a number of .the children wore admitted, and a brief ad- dress, appropriate to the occasion, was de- livered by Mr. Lewis, chairman of the munici- pality. Tile festivities were brought to a closo at a seasonable hour, with the National An- them, in the singing of which both juveniles and adults joined with heart and soul. At Hawthorn, on Wednesday altcrnoon. about 450 children were brought together at the court-house, and, after such outdoor sports as the returning fine weathor allowed, treateel to buns, cake, tea; gingerbeer, aud other delicacies. There was also a goodly gathering of adults, who were ut'-iacteel by the fact that there were three sheep and a .bullock masted whole, while beer and bread ' were distributed with open hand. Among other gifts from private subscribers to the feast, moy bo mentioned-£10 from Mr. D. M'Dougall. £2 from Mr. P. O'Brien, a bullock from Mr. Williams, two sheep from Messrs. Nott and Renton, another sheep from Mr. Lloyd, and a quaiter-cask of colonial burgundy from tho Comte do Dollou. All .seemed dis- posed to enjoy themselves, and cheers for the Royal pair and widowed Queen were fre- quently repeated. In the evening, Mr. W. Bryant exhibited a magic lantern, to the great delight of the young people. RICHMOND. Tho wet weather taken for granted, the celebration at Richmond manifested a feeling that no atmospheric influences could much abate. There are in that municipality but few largo Btrcets that may rank as leading thoroughfares, but such as thero were bore plenty types and marks of the day's rejoicings. It is not too much to say that in the dny-tiino nearly two houses out of three either bore a flag, or was decked up in green and flowers The actual programme of rejoicings was sadly interfered with by the rain, and atan early hour all idea of a procession wa3 given up. The Richmond Artillery, under Captain Stokc3, gave a morning'salute of twenty-one guns, at half-post six o'clock, with two six pounders. At about eleven, the children began to collect. If they wero not to parade in juvenilo grandeur, at least the junketings, the sandwiches and cake, the tea and gingerbeen could not be lightly relinquished, nndthewoid waa soon given that St. Stephen's school-rooms weio to bo tho rendezvous. Hither then carno the young ones, about 1,200 in number, and not a few adult lookers on. Swings, round- abouts, and nil Koits of sports had been provided; but Docker's-hill, usually so dry, was too much trampled on to bo suitable for such exercises: The time, however, was made to pass pleasantly till noon. Then, spite of showers and general discomfort, it was felt that something must be done; BO Captain Stokes brought out his artillery, and Captain Septimus Martin his riflemon; the six pounders woro put in position, and the chil- dren mustered. Another Balute of twentj one guns was fired ; and then, taking time from Mr. M, Harvie, who kindly acted as director, tho National Anthem wo8 started, with an accompaniment of guns at close intervals, in what we are informed is Russian fashion. The voices of the chil- dren weio loudly supplemented by the lookera-on, and altogether the display of loyalty waB quito up to tho mark. The chil- dren wero then taken to tho place from wheoco they carne, whore tho eatables and drinkables were forthcoming, and all we-re happy enough Boon. Tho'adults woro like- wise refreshed in the Volunteer drill-room, where there wore beef, bread, pudding, and beer in sufficiency for a f mall army. After two oaks had been planted in the church- yard in memory of the day, thero was a repe- tition of tbo refreshments for the juveniles ; and with a view to impress them with a sense of the occasion, they were ad- dressed by tho Rev. C. T. Perks, on tho sub- ject of the Royal marriage. The other modes of rejoicing wero of a kindred nature. Among other celebrants the Richmond firemen should riot bo forgotten, for thoy turned out in amassing red coats, and helped willinpdy in the petty labours of tho day. Of all the decorations in green and flowers, one of the prettiest waa a fine triumphal arch in Rowena-parade, extending across the road- way and supporting English and Danish ensigns, with which weic intermingled several other flags symbolical of the occasion. At night the Illuminations were viny general. The Court- house had no special decoration, savo that of candles, but many of the hotels made quite a show. lu the Bridge-ioad tho Napier Hotel had a gas star, the Star and Garter was adorned willi variegated lamps.and tho Whito Horse Hotel lind the Prince of Wales'_ feathers in transparency. An Irish harp, in trans- parency, was lit up at Cleaiy's Dovo Hotel, in Swan-street,and Bome minor efforts in thesamo direction wero visible at tho railway station. A largo quantity of fireworks woro discharged in tho evening, including tho Bignal rockets, and two lurge bonfires irradiated their neigh bourhood for at least half a milo. The ex- penses of the above were defrayed by tho Mu- nicipal Council, who voted £75, subscriptions amounting to £100, und ten por c-iit. thereon, givon by Mr. J. G. Fiancis, one of the repre- sentatives of the municipality. . EAST MELBOURNE. Nearly all the residents of East Melbourne illuminated the windows iu front of thoir houses, and many of the designs-even where only candles were employediñ the illumination -displayed great taste. The balcony in front of the residence of the Mayor, overlooking Fitnroy-gardens, was brilliantly lighted with some scores of small lampa of various coloured glass, anda number of flags Avero displayed. There was also a beautifully clear trans- parency, consisting of the letters " E. A.,' encircled with a floral design, and sur- mounted with the Princo of Wales's crest. Mr. Francis, M.L.A., displayed the Prince's plume, and the letters " A. A." in gas jets in front of bia residence. St. Patrick's College and the Scotch Collego, on the Eastern-hill, were both illuminated, und at the latter esta- blishment thero was a display of fireworks. At tho top of St. Patrick's Cathedral lights were exhibited, and there was an illuminated cross in its immediate vicinity. Thero wero several illuminations in Victoria-parade, and nt the Victoria-parade Brewery two transparencies entitled, "As I was" and "As I am," were dis- played, tlie moral of them being the virtues of treble X. TOORAK AND SOUTH YARRA. The same causes which operated to damp the ardour of enjoyment in the Prahrjin dis- trict affected the smaller localities of Toorak and South Yarra. A very handsome arch was erected at the junction of the Punt-road and Gardinei's Creek-road, within the city boundary, and here on address of congratula- tion was presented from tho residents to His Excellency on the subject of the Royal mar riago. His Excellency replied that ho was gratified with the dutiful and loyal address of the ¡nhobitants of South Yarru, and would, with tho greatest pleasure, couvey to Her Majesty ami their Royal Highnesses, the ex- pressions of loyalty, congratulation, anel wel- come therein contained. Mrs. Kaye next, on behalf of the ladies of South Yarra, ptesented a bouquet as a gift to Lady Barkly, which His Excellency gracefully acknowledged. Thero waa a disposition shown in the principal thoroughfares to decorate and to illuminate the shops and houses, and at Yarra Lodge Aca- demy wero displayed on one side two neat transparencies, executed for the most part by the boys themselves, ono repfur'entiiig tho crown of England and the star of Brunswick, each oncircled by the rose, thistle, and sham- rock; and the other a large Princo of AVales' feather on a dark ground, and bearing the arms and initials of the princely pair. PRAHRAN. Tlio residents of the municipality of Prah- ran had made great preparations for the loyal rejoicings of Tuesday ; in almost every street, and ia almost every house and cottage, how- ever humbie, there was some visible recogni- tion of the dutiful sentiment which Britons ought to feel upon an occasion when an event has occurred which BO nearly concerna tho futuro welfare of the fatherland. The muni- cipal authorities led the way, and tho inhabitants followed most willingly in tho celebration of tho auspicious occasion ; activo demonstration committee was formed, with Mr. Phillips and Mr. Lee for ita ruling spirits, and arrangements were mndo for tho general enjoyment of nil in the locality who choso to partake of tho festivities pro- vided. Tho duy wos ushoied in by Sergeant Dowling and the pollco under him firing twenty- one volleys of rifles, by way of aRoyal salute. At ten o'clock the public procession began to form which was to attend the muni- cipal authorities to tho triumphal arch in 0hapel-8trcet and Gardiner's Croek-rond, where the chairman, Mr. J. B. Crows, was to present congratulatory addresses, to bo forwarded by nb Excolloncy to Her Majesty and their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales. The pro- cession, under the direction of Mr. Phillips, was shortly arranged in the following order ; Tho volunteers of tho Prahran corps preceding tho chairman nnd tho town clerk, the mem- bers of tho municipal societies, the Demon- stration Committee, Oddfellows' and other societies, other residents of the district, with the lear brought up by tho local fire brigade, with their engine. It had been understood by tho councillors and the committee that Colonel Anderson bad promised that the volunteer band should attend, but at the last moment this arrangement was not carried out, and the services of the band wore trausfened to tho South Yarra Committee, who, it appears, hove been extremely active in endeavouring to thwart the efforts of tho municipal authori- ties and those who supported them in their wish to give iclal to tho local rejoicings. The only band left to the Prahran councillors on the occasion was tho "Baud of Hope;" and tho latter, with their broad banner, oc cipied a prominent placo in the proces- sion. DcBjiite the inclemency of the wea- ther, and the larger attractions elsewhere, the muster of the residents waa largo enough to bo highly creditable to their loyal and patriotic feelings, and the councillors, ia full ovening dress, with their chairman and town clerk at their head, for more than an hour stood at their posts, with the utmost indifference to the discomfort nrising from tho oxcessive pluviality of the morning. It appeared, however, that their hope of enjoy- ing the distinction of presenting the first of the long list of congratulatory addresses which tho various public bodies in this colony will bo anxious to present Was doomed to bo disappointed, for at about half-poBt eleven o'clock o noto AVOS brought to the chairman, signed 'by ono Wool ridge, who stated that, by direction of Captain Bancroft, ho begged to inform tho Chairman of the Prahran Municipal Council that, owing to the inclemency of the weather, tho reception of nddresscs fiom public bodies bad beon postponed until Thursday next, or uutll Her Majesty's birthday. This docu mont, ou its being shown to tho other parties interested, appealed to bo very ill received, not ouly fiom the disappointment it convoyed, but al-o from the medium through which the uuweloomo intimation wns made. It waa shortly resolved that Mr. Phillips should pro- ceed to Toorak, nnd thero ascertain whether there was any authority for the communica- tion. On the return of this gentleman uncon- firmed thestatementthatnisExcelloncy would not receivo the addresses that morning for the reason previously given. Tho procession then returned to the Town-hall, which they reached shortly after noon, the troubles and disappointments of tho morning woro yet upon tho minds of all, when Captain .Ban- croft, having returned from Melbourne, after a conference with tho City Council Committee, and stated that ni« Excolluney, incompliance with what appeared to be the general wish, would proceed to town; tho programme of tho day would be carried out as originally proposed, and that His Excellency would receive tho addresses to Her Majesty and tile Princo of Wales. Accordingly, the chair- man (Mr. Crews) and the town clerk (.Mr. Craven), with the councillors, proceeded in duo form to the'triumphal nrch at the corner of Chapel-street, whuio addresses wero pre- sented to nis Excellency as follows: '? To Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen. " We, your Majesty's dutiful and loyal sub- jects, tho chairman and Municipal Council and inhabitants ot thu Municipality of Prah- ran, in tho colony of Victoria, in mooting assembled, take leave to approach your Mi. josty to offer our waimest congratulations upon tho auspicious marringa of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to tho Princess Alexandra of Denmark. " Wo assuro your Majesty that wo view with heartfelt pleasure nnd satisfaction whatever tends to contribute to your Majesty's happi- ness. " Tho union of the Princo of Wales with an amiable and accomplished PrinceRi", of an illustrious race, wo i égard not only tis an event grateful to your Majesty, but also as a pledgo of our own happiness nnd a security for those civil and religious rights, which wo believe to be, under Divino Providence, the foundation of all tho ,'grcatness of- our country. " We unite in the expression of zenlous and dutiful attachment to your Majesty, to whom. the nation ii indebted for many acts con- ducive to its welfato and prosperity. " Given under the corporate seal of tho Mu- nicipality of Prahran, on tho 19th day of May. 1803\. . (Signed) "J. B. CHEWS, Chairmau. Jouit CRAVEN, Town Clerk." " To His Royal Highness the Princo of Wale?, ' " We, Her Majesty's dutiful and loyal sub- jects, the chairman and Municipal Council and inhabitants of the Municipality of Prah- ran, in the colony of Victoria, in meeting assembled, convey to your Royal nigknesa our loyal and sincero congratulations on the auspicious occasion of your marriage with the Princess Alexandra of Denmark, and that wo heartily participate in the deep und uni- versal interest with which the propitious ovent is hailed by all classes in this distant portion of tho British empire. " As the loyal subjects of our beloved Sove- reign, under whoso wiso and beneficent reign wo eDJoy the blessings of civil and religious liberty, wo pray that it may please Almighty God to bless your Royal Highness's marriage with health and happiness, and that your Royal Highness, inheriting the wisdom and virtues of your august parents, may perpe- tuate tbo joy and gratification with which your Royal Highnehs's marriage is now wel- , coined arid celebrated iu the hearts and affec- tions of tho British people in every patt of the vast dominions of our Most Giacious Queen. "Given under tho corporate Beal of the Municipality of Prahran, iu the colony of Victoria, the 19th day of May, 1803. (Sigued) "J. B. CHEWS, Chairman. Joust CRAVEN, Town Clerk." These addresses wero graciously received Sir Henry Barkly, in his reidy, promising they should be laid at the foot of the Throne. In addition to the foregoing, a most tastefully arranged bouquet had been piepaied, with a holder of colonial gold and workmanship, for S resell tat ion to. Lady Barkly. Councillor T. dekson had the honour of presenting tho same at Toorak, and Lady Barkly very kindly acknowledged the mark of respect thus shown to her, it being the first token of th« kind which her ladyship had received in comme- moration of the auspicious event. The chairman, councillors, and tho town clerk, then returned once more to tho Town bal), where they found the ditnppointnieuts of tim early morniug had been forgotten ; a public dinner opeu to all waa under discussion, und no difference of opinion was expressed as to its abundance or its excellent quality. 6001b. of roast aud boiled veal, roust aud boiled be'ef, und loutit mut- ton, COO loaves, 2501b. plumpudding, with pickles, porter, and nie, formed tim main items of tbo feast. These weie all attacked with hearty goodwill, the volunteer force firing feux ile joie as the signal for tho diners taking their seats. In the evening, a large bonum in Greville-street, with fireworks, nnd an almost uuivoisal illumination (mostly, however, on a lory small scale), concluded tho-day's proceedings. The Town-hull, with ita fine tower, was elegantly decorated with flowers, evergreens, and Hags ; in the evening the building was throughout, including hull and tower, illuminated with wax caudles. All the stations on the line of the Melbourne Railway, running to and through Prahran» were abundantly decorated with tinga, Howers, and cve-rgrcens ; the Me-luoui ne Station ospei cialiy, ivüere the eyo wus gladdened with a most tasteful display ot gai land?, chitplets, wreaths, and bouquets, roi ming a pertecn bower, which spread over tho great extent of the buildings connected with the Melbourne terminus. This funned one of the prettkst Bights in Melbouinuon Tuebduy. The children of the various schools in the Pruhrau district wero feasted on the Wednesday, in tho Town-hall, the council aud committee having como to tho conclusion that the young folks would enjoy themselves more if they had auafternoon entirely devoted to them. The gathering of the children wn9 honoured by the attendance of deverill nota- bilities from Melbourne, as well ns ol the local authorities; und the occasion w11? a veiy happy one lor all pieeent who took part or felt au intorest iu the proceedings. BRIGHTON. Brighton, of itself, without tho numerous visitara who commonly pay the beuch a visit on public holidays, seldom presents a hustling aspect, even in the brightest days of spring or autumn ; but on Tuesday, with strong attrac- tions in town to keep its metropolitan patrons there, and, with an almost unintermittlng suc- cession of Bhowera throughout the morning and afternoon, Brighton was dull indeed, except in tho immediate neighbourhood of the gathering of the schools. Tho rejoicings were of the most sober and propor kind. About 500 children of tho school- in this locality were icgaletl in the as- sembly-room of tlio DovonBhiie Hotel Avith wine, cake, lemo.iuUe, &c.; Tiley iilso each received a commemorative medal, and on their reaching in procession the Volun- teer Drill-ground, the volunteers assembleel fired a Royal salute of twenty-one guns; aud tho chairman of tho municipality planted two trees in commemoration of the day. Tho childien theu íeturned to tim u«Mimbly-roora, and saug several pieces of music, concluding with the National Anthem. The vtHunt.er hand wns in attendance the whole of tho morn- ing, nnd it should be mentioned that at day- break two cannons wore fitcd. lu the even- ing, three large bonfires wero lighted on high ground in différent parts of tho munici- pality. The Bports which wero to have taken place on the open grounel opposite tho Royal Hotel woro postponed. SANDRIDGE. Terribly disappointing to the good people of Sandridge was tho ceaseless íaiu which fell from early morning until far in tho after- noon, and greatly did it. interfere with the outward expression of their loyalty. The local committee had made their ariangomeuts for the day very well, and they lind prepared a tolerably fair programme, but several fea- tures of it had to bo dispensed with. Tho rain, however, did not inteifero with tho floral and other decorations much, nnd in these respects BO much had been dono as to leave little moro to be desired. Tliu Court- house had in front of it a large trans- parency, exhibiting at the top tho Prince of Wales's feathers; beloAV that on tho left hand sielo the arms of his Royal Highness and on tho right hiiud side those of his fair Prin- cess, with a roso in tho centro ; tho lower portion of the transparency being ocoupied with the English and Danish arms, tho motto being "Peace, honour, love, and tiuth, be theirs." In front of the Couucil- ehnmbur there were an illuminated _tur and tho muni- cipal arms. At tho Sugar WoikB thero was also a floial display to ii limited extent; awl upon the outsieloof the building, facing Buy street, there wits a large transparency,exhibit- ing portraits of th« Prince and Princess, with tho motto, " God bless tho Royal Pair, Albßrt and Alexandra;" while in fiónt of tho manager's houses there was another transparency showing the Prince of AViiit-s' feather, and the words " God preservo Albert and Alexandra," ns well as tho words "Eng- land aud Denmark." The hotels we re al most all of them conspicuous in tho display of their loyalty. The Victoria Hotel lind over the door a transparency exhibiting the f.atli.1?, with the letters "A. E. A," apel the i use, thistle, and shamrock iu tho coméis: whilo on a scioll running across the top were tho words. "Victoria's future hope." Tho Sand- ridge Inn displayed a transparency, with the worels"God prosper Albert aud Alexandra,' and beloAV thom-rather innpproprlalily it must be confessed-the words" Grand United Order of Oddfellows." The United States Hotel had over the door a huge transparency, showing the Royal anns in tho contle, the Prince of Wales' feathers in tho top coiner?, tho letters " A..A." lu the lower colliers, whilo on a scroll ocios« tho top wcie the words " England's hope." Mr. Swallow, baker, also fo'lowed suit willi a luigu nnd ap- propriate transparent design. The AU Eng- land Eleven Hotel wns proliis.ly decorated willi U.iCH and evergreens', and Hie liindlortl (Mr. Collins) gavo a bnnel of good nie to . us-ist the festivities. Several of the other hotels exhibited small designs of less noto, theprevnil liigone being the feuthem and the motto '. Ich Dion." Coming to the storcR, the mobt conspi- cuous were undoubtedly thoseofMi,ssrs,.Stewart and Carrick, and MORRIS. Donaldson and Co. From the ihmfituiï ol' the founcr thuio waved nUnion Jack of unuMially large diincn sionp, whilo flags of nil kindtf streamed down- wards fiomtho rooi'to thu-tiver. The »tore of the - latter company was dccniut-d in much the Hinno style ; mid many of the .mailor stores nail warehouses folloAveil tmit.^altriotigh'-.in a less ambitious'manner. Notleine: daunted by ' the ceaseless' 'rain, the volunteers, according to previous arrange- ment, turned out manfully In the eaily partof the forenoon, and fired the necessary salutes aud/cm de joie. The out-door portion of the dity's doings terminated with the illu- mination in the 'evening, which went off successfully. The bonfires were lighted as dusk was coming on, and tho bril- liant glare supplied by thora contri- buted greatly to tho general effect of the illuminations. These would have'been moro general but for tho fear of fire enter- tained "by many of the 'inhabitant«, the great majority of houses being built of no more fireproof material than wood. The only other feature of the committee's programme thnt'need be alluded to was tho fête to the children, which took place in the Naval Brigade Orderly-mom. Some four hundred children shared in the good thing9 pro- vided for the occasion. The great want here was music, the committee having been unable to procure tho services of a band, nltliough ready to pay almost any price that would have been asked. Tho Sandridge station of the T.UIway was prettily decorated with flowers and evergreens, nnd a very neat floral arch spanned the entrance-gate to the pier. Over the entrnnce to the station facing the bay thero were a crown of flowers, the Princo of Wales' leathers formed of New Zealand grass, with the letters" A.E.& A ¡"while inother parts of the company's premises thero were arches, gnrlnndi?, and flags, bearing devices of various 'kiudfl; ,'and hera and thero were to be seen the arms of the Prince aud Ptincess, with the letters " A. E. A." prettily formed of flowers. But the Melboumo station, as might na- turally have been expected, eclipsed that of Sandridge in its gaiety. In the more conspicuous part of the station, that facing Elizabeth-street, there were an Illu- minated crown and Prince of Wales'feathers, with the hitters " A.E ii A." on oil lier aide, und below the motto " God bless them." Long lines of evergreens and ílowei.s weiu hung at fixed distances from each othor across the whole breadth of tho station, while flags of all varieties, hung from every availablo point Ovei^'thi* southern entrance a noticeable foaturo of tho decorations was the Danish shield, with the wotds on a scroll " The Ro*>e of Denmark," the shield flunked on both sides with atwo. neat little Union Jacks. On the lett of this shield, looking southward, there was a floral crown, and on the right wore the Prince nt wales' feathers formed of New Zea- land gras?, and the letters "A.E.A." taste- fully worked in flo-veis. Altogoiher the sta- tion presented a gay and attractive np pearance». Tho engines tunning during the day were decorated with flowers, flags, and overgwciis, in a most tisteftil manner, the handiwoik of their respective drivers and stokers ; and we do not remember to have eeeu on any occasion greater taste and in- genuity evinced in tho same luanncrthan wero displayed in these decorations, moro especially as regards the engines running on the Sand- ridge line. I EMERALD HILL. The people of this municipality, albeit the hill is one of the most comfortless localities in the metropolitan district when thoro is a superabundance of moi-sture, mado a highly creditable celebration of the Royal nuptials. Clarendon street, as tho most important thorqushfitio in the place, was tho most im- posing in matter of decoration. Almost cv.ay houso was adorned in some way or other. A' triumphal nrch spanned the road- way between the Golden Gate and Royal HoteU, and above it floated a row of hand- some flags. But decorations wero not con- fined to Clarendon-street. Theie waa not a lane.in the municipality which did not cxhib'b ita banncrx and its evergreens. The earliest item in tho day's proceedings was tho roost jim of an ox, a sheep, anti a pig on the sriturei in front of Market-strcct. Jt was ori- ginally proposed that these animals shoulil furnish -the staple for n public diDnev at four p.m. But the weather distill bed the nriunge meut, and t-hortly after one o'clock the meat was distributed, with bread and beer, among nil those who chose to avail themselves of the pioiisions, and tako them home. Some rural sports for prices, vaiying in amount from £2 to C<, were appointed tocóme off on the reserve lving between the Catholic Oiphnnnge and the Butts Station, but the weather com- pelled their postponement until the clay named for celebrating Her Majesty's birthday. However, a r umber of boys assembled on the gi ouuil, and mado up for their disappointment by letting off fireworks during the day. At six o'clock in tbo evening, four bou fires .were lighted, and, considering that the material had becomo saturated with wet, the blazo in each case was pretty success- ful. One bonfire took place on tbo market reserve, a second on the market-place Equaro, a third opposite the Orphanage, and thelourth at the foot of Bink-strcet eus.r. Theie was also a pyrotechnio display, a laige quantity of Hie wen ks bavin ti been presented to the municipality bv Kong Meng; and thero was n Rojal MI)uto bv the Emerald Hill battery of Volunteer Artillery. At eight o'clock, a ball was hultl at tim Mechanics' institute, and HE the building can only accommodate 200 dancers, it was determined that evciy ticket shoulil bo nvatlublo tor two hours only. Tims, tho party assembling at tight o'clock had tore tire at ten; and those who then took their, piners had to leave at midnight, in order.to make room for a third detach- ment, by whom tho ball was kept up until two o'clock, when the Nutioual Anthem was played, and tho affair terminated.' By this! iii rangement, amubementwas afforded to full COO people. Tho illuminations were not very special. This was owing partly to" tho fact, that the KU'at proportion of tho build- ings on the hill ure of wood, and partly to thîiimpiession that Melbourne would be, in the (¡vening, the centre of attiaction. In two instances only, wo believe, weie gas devices employed. A btar, with the initials of tho Royal couple, appeared in fiont of the Gi cat Britain Hotel, and a star was likewise mounted at the post-office. Howover, a pretty display was made with transparencies and candles. Tinee transparencies were exhibited at the Mechanics' Institute. Each represented a stuff bealing a crown, or Princo of Wales' plumo, around the staff being entwineel a riband bearing au inscription. Two of tho -inscriptions wore taken from "Tennyson's Welcome"-" Sea-kings' daughter from over the sea, Alexandra;" and "0 joy to the people and joy to the throne." Tho thirel was, Loyal to our Queen and Native Land." It is satisfactory to know that, amid tho general rejoicings, the iumatcs of those two important institutions on the Hill-the Pro- testant Oiphan Asylum and the St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage-Avero not forgotten. To each of these establishments Mr. Asher Hann contributed a dinnor of roast baef ond plum pudding; while Mr. Benson sent 300 buns, add Mr. Lobett a case of oranges, and McBsrfi. Patcisou, Ray, and Palmer gave a donation of ¿C5. To the Protestant Asylum were , also pusented four dozen tins of English jam by Mr. Fordham, and about ,100 dozen of Chineso crackers by Mr. Kong Meng. Tho Protestant Asylum has at present ITS inmates ; mid the number of children in tho Catholic Oiphonnge is 128. Thodining hnll of each place was appropriately decorated by the youthful inmates. ST. KILDA. Here, as OA'crywhero elso, tho unwclcomo rain, which continued to fall until the after- noon was well advanced, interfered sadly with the out-door portion of tho day's proceedings. Tho cominilteo of management had to aban- don moro than one interesting feature of their,»programme, as, for example, the chil- dren's feast and sports in the park. Still, in defiance of all drawbacks, the demonstration within the bounds of the municipality wos on the Avholo a A'ery successful one. The childreu of tho various schools muBtored shortly after tho hour appointed for their gathering, namely, nine o'clock, and instead of beiiigkeptwnitingintherainoutsidothe build- ing, they were accommodated in thotoAvn-hall mid oonrt-liouse.-both of which Avero throAvn open for their UFC. Here the littlo ones, to the number of 000 or 700, contrived to apend " the forcnocn very pleasantly, .with tho help of the strains of the Geelong baud, and vocal ' music supplied by such of them as could sing. , The children weio of course under the care of their respective teachers ; and in addition to thom a number of clergymen aud lay gentlemen were present during the forcnoou. Addresses i appropriate to" the occasion wero delivere'd by | several of those present, and lusty cheers wero given by the childien for thu Queen, Princo and Piincc?8 of Wales, and the othor momberrt of tho Royal family. The luncheon intendeci to , have boon set out for them in the park was provided in the ToAvn-hall, and to the sub stantials set beforo them, the children did ample justice. This over; there vrere moro music find singing, and then fireworks for use in trie evening were distributee!, after whieh the gathering was broken up, and the childieu separated. The other features of tho in- tended out-door part of the demonstrations were the adult procession composed of various local bodies, members of council, the ronLstintr; of a bullock in front of the Villatje Bollo Hotel, and the planting of memorial trees in tho name»of "Albert Edward" and " Alexandra" in the park. The latter was au especially interesting ceremony. The munici- pality was not BO generally gay in tho way of decorations as might have been expected ; and theso were confined' chiefly to the public buildings and the hotels. The Court-house was very tastefully decorated with flowers and eveigteens; and over the principal en- trance there was a floral crown, the Prince of Wales' feather*, and below them the letters "A. E. & A.,'-' while over the Barkly and Grey stieets entrances, there tvero illumi jiated stars. Amongst tho few private houses which made any show were those of Mr. Wil- liam Nicholson, M.L A., in front of which there was a Urge crown, With supports, and the' letters "A. A.," and which, when lighted np,¡had a fine effect; of Mr. Van Hemcrt, which wore tastefully decorated with floweis, evefgreeus, and flagB: arid one or two others. Amongst the hotels, the Rojal George, Pitt's Hotel, the Criterion Hotel (which had a largo Btar over the front entrance, and Chinese lanterns hnnginginnrovvunder the vernndah), and the Prince of Wales, deserved notico. The decoratiousof thelntter were particularly taste- ful. There vasa long stream of flags, reach- ing from the flagstaff on the roof of the hotel nlmost to the ground : there were over tho main entrance four floral crown« and the Princo of Wales' feathers, with an arch foi raed of flowers and evergreens over al), while flags of various kinds waved from different parta of the building. The different baths weie also gay with bunting, most conspicuous amongst thom being-Ilegarty's Gjmnai-ium B.iths The railway station was *iery tastc flijly dccor.ited, indeed, and it was evident that considerable pains had been taken to malta it look gay. The interior of the station vyns covered from platform to roof with flowers and evergreens, and over the principal entrance there wasafloralcrowu and thePrinre of Wales' feathors, with the letters " A and A." Of the illuminations in the evening, it is only neces- sary to say that thoy were succeshful, ulthough on a comparatively small scüo; and, no doubt,, the largo bonfires-that on the Red Bluff especially-are to bo regarded ns the special featuro of this portion of the pro grainmo of proceedings. We should add that, while the school children were feted by the committee of management, the poor of tho municipality were not forgotten, the Ladies' Benevolent Societj' attending to their wants. The council gave £100 towards the cxpemes of the rejoicings ; and'theprivate sub'ert priori?, none being larger than three guineas,, amounted to about JL200. HOTHAM. The cordial manner in which the inhabi- tants of Hotham gave themselves up to1 ¡the unrestrained amusements of a universal holiday nflects the greatest credit upoji the unanimous loyalty of that munici- pality. The arrangements decided upon in the advertlseel programme were, with one or twoitrifiing exceptions, cauied out, in spite of many obstacles not anticipated when this programme was adopted. A largo number of the iuhubitants assembled at the hour noti- fied in tho neighbourhood of tho court- house, although many doubts were entertained as to¡ whether the proposed procession would . become a reality. The proceedings were inaugurated by Mr. Gell, chairman of the municipality, who invited the clergy and magistiates, and also the members of the committee of arrangement, to a champngno lunch in the court-house. This afforded au opportunity for several patriotic toasts and brief .speeches iu reference to tho occasion. The questiou as to whether the procession should take placo in spiteoftho-pouring rain was soon decided in the affii mative, its lead- ing mern bersmusteringconrngennel umbrella", and'form!ng orelcr iutho street iu the front of the com t house. The procession wits headed, of course, by a baud, and nextiaorder carne the officers ol'the municipality and tho members of the committee. These were followed by the members of the Hotham Com. of Foresters, in full regalia, pieceded by 'a largo and gorgeous emblematic banner. The childien of the municipality, collected, irre- spective of creed or school attendance, to the number of about 400 or 600, composed the after pait of the procession. At the etart, the piocession filed under the fine triumphal arch erected by Mr. Sterling, of the Court-Bouse Hotel, across Queonsberry-street, and passed through ßevcral of the principal streets of Hotham. At tho termination of their maich tho piocession dispersed, the adult portion ad jouiuing to the Volunteer Orderly-rooms ia Olietw'yud street, lent for the day by the cap- tains of the lespcctivocorps, where a plentiful luncheon was piovided, and renowed as re- quired throughout the day, open to all willing to partake of it. Music was provided by the volunteer and other bands ; and thtso 100ms were the principal centres of attraction during the whole of the day, being fiequcnted by large numbers. 'It hail boen intended to cop duct the children to the Royal Park, aud to regulo them theio with the gooel things pro- vided for them, but the* Heather not permit ling this intention to be cariieel out, as the bebt substitute for this arrangement tlii'y were marcheil back to Errol-street to tho National School, which was placed for the day at the disposal of the committee by Mr. Matting- ley. Here they were plentifully legaled with buus, sweet-eats, fruits, &c;, and appeared thoroughly to enjoy themselves, in spite of the wetting which many of them underwent in their perambulation of tho munioipalitv. It was believed that about a thou_and childien shared in tho repast, the number that marched in procession being considerably augmented by thoso who came direct from their homes to tho school-iooms. The inten- tion' of the committee to roast a bullock whole wa8also relinquished, in consequence^ of the weather, anel they decided, as the best way of disposing of the cuicass, to send it to the Bonovolunt Am lum. Altogether, in spite of the steadily falling rain, and the excessively muddy streets of the neighbour <kood, the peoplo appeared dctormincrl to make the best of their holiday, and no inci- dents occurred throughout the day to dis- arrange tho^iarinony of the proceedings. Wo have mentioned the arch erected by Mr. Ster- ling ocrosa Quccnsberry-street ; it AVOS con structed of evergreens, and surmounted with a bunch of the same arranged in the form of a large fieur-de hs, and was certainly a very elegaut ¡election. The decorations adopted for the Town-hall wero two largo transparen- cies. The ono fronting Queensberty-street represented tho arms of the municipality enwreathed with rosea and bupported bj' two cupids. That towaids Eriol-strect waa com- posed of two largo portraits of tho Princo of Waiesand his bride, surmounting a group of flags of the nationalities of England and Den- mark. A large bonfire was kindled at dusk, adjoining the Flemington-road, and, in con- junction with the ruddy beacons to northward, lighted upon tho properties of Messrs. Hugh Grasa and Rigby, and that at the top of Elizabeth-street, adjoining tho old cattle yards, appeared like a chain.of signal-firc3 answering each other from hill to hill. CARLTON. This district, not to bo behind others in tho festival, not only had one, but two or threo, separate demonstrations, of a greater or less extent, in tho various parts of the ward. Tho houses wero dressed with lines of evergreens and flags, and tho illumination in the evening was very general, but mostly confined to composite, sperm, or tallow; Mr. Hall, of Lygon-strcet, gasfitter, being about the only one employing gas, forming a handsome star. Thero wero several transparencies; and, amongst others, wo observed tho following: At Aitken's flour-mills, ono consisting of the Prince of Wales' feathers and motto "Ich dicn,"andsurmountedbytheinitial8"A.E.A.V' the wholo crowned by the cheering words, " Peace and plenty." The Orderly-room hid tho Royal arms in transparency surmounting ita doorway. The University Hotel, Mr. Plomer; Mr. Drummond's ; Mr. Terlecki'«, wood-carver, Lygon-street ; Mr. Butler (of Cobb's coaches), and some other In- habitants, mounted similar transparencies. Mr. Clapperton, of Madeline street, whoso upper floor was completely euiboworcd in foliage, had nn illuminated crown, in lamps ; Mesare. F. and E. Cornell also had two illuminations of tho Princo and Princess î and Mr. Cameron, of tho Canada Hotel, the transparency "A. E. A." In Upper Cniltou, Mr. Collins gave a bullock, and Mr. Smith two sheep, to be roasted ; Mr. Cole, 170 loaves, and Messrs. Holmesand Woodhill 2001b. of plum- pudding; Mr. Purcell a bariel of ule, and Mr. Norman a barrel of porter. At midnight on the preceding eve, the fleshly viands com- menced to roast, and the Upper Carltonians, desirous no doubt to throw a thorough light on the subject, ignited their bonfire at the same time. The mast beef must have been of a verv appetizing nature, for it was all de- molished to the very bones by ten o'clock on Tuesday morning ; the first tasto being taken at four o.m" by about a dozen who were the roasting cooks, and thought it high time then to take an early breakfast. Of tho biead that AVUB left, the poor are to have it by applying to Mr. Coles, of Albion-street. The Bceno of the al fresco kitchen was Mucarthur-place, and. according to the testimony of all witnesses, everything went Off exceedingly well, the Upper Coil ton ians determining, with a balance of subscriptious of £3 2s. Gd. in hand, to put off, ou account of the weather and mud, their sports to the Queen's birthday. The other doublo demonstration carno off on the Government square, opposite the University Hotel, and on tho open space op- posite the Artillery Hotel, in Elizabeth-street; Councillors Story, Weedow, aud Goldsmith being; the prosidiog powers in the respective localities, the corporation grant of £10 being, as wo Dolieve, divided between Councillor Story and Weedow.tho latter also giving 200 loavca of bread to the poor. The inevitable bonfiteawere raised bv quota firim nearly nil the Carltonians, the piles being fired at dusk, after boing jealously watched all day to pre- vent the juvenile eleaientof the population from abstracting the tarry nnd other consti- tuents for bonliies on their own account. The whola entertainments wound up with a dis i play of fireworks at each of the two localities. FLEMINGTON. A stranger entering Flemington on Tuesday could seo but A*ery little indication of tho celebration of the holiday which surrounding municipalities Avere commemorating with such spirit. The shops were certainly closed, and all business suspended, but there was nothing Avhich differed from the ordinary Sunday appearance of the place, except a poor and scanty sprinkling of flags and evergreens at the doois of some of the principal bhops. It seems that tho determination of the inhabitants AVOS to go into Melbourne, and witness the celebration there, thus saving tho trouble and expense of carry- ing out a similar pioceduio themselves. We undeistanel that at a meeting, held the 'previous evening, it waa arranged to form a committee to collect subscriptions, nnd ex- pend them in furnishing ii ticat to the school children of the place», to be given next day, the meering considering that it would not bo ad- visable to make any provision for Tuesday which'would interfeie with the intention of the inhabitants of the place to get away to Melbourne. AVe may mention that at night a bonfire was lighted on the hill top on the left hand of the passer through Flemington going nortliwaid, on tho propoity of Mr. Hugh Glass, and another on the ground of Messt*. Cosgiax'e nnd Rigby, both furnished by the gentlemen to whom the giounds belong. A triumphal arch was nKo thrown across the Essendon Railway, at the Kensing- ton Station. BRUNSWICK. The Sydney-road, thiough the township of Brunswick, presented a gay and lively ap- pearance, from the profusion of variously coloured tinga with which the houses on each side of the road wer<> decorated. The eraplpj' ment of cvei greens for put poses of decoration was not neatly so universal hero as in tho streets of Melbourne, tho presence of growing shrubs and natural trees within sight render- ing this stj'lo of ornamentation superfluous. A line of flags was stretched across the road againstthe Sarah Sands Hotel, and another op- posite the Retieat, and, although hanging wet, dripping, and motionless, and terribly sugges tivcof wabhingday,thcy8tillcontributed some- thing to the picturesqueneBS of the place, and annouucedlhat its inhabitants were bent upon a holiday. A triumphal arch of evergreens spanned the road, opposite the couit house, springing fiom the half altitude of two lofty posts, one on each side of the waj% on tho high tops of which tar-barrels wero placed, and lighted at dusk. This spot, occupying the hill-top, and being the loftiest ground in the vicinitj', tho swarthy glare of theso gigantic torches must have been visible to a great dis- tance around. On the underside of the arch hung on oblong- shaped trnnsparencj-, bearing upon apiukground the words ' May God bl-ss the Prince and Princess of Wales." This was the Bttuling pi ice for the pioce'Shion, which as-cmbli'd undeterred by the mud and Ure rain. Headed by the band of the Pentridge Volunteers, and composed of many of the in- habitants of Brunswick, and the children of the dilfercnt schools, the procession marched down through the townshipas lar as the Sarah Sands note), and then back to tho Retreat Hotel. Hole it dispersed-the children going to the Wcsleyau Chapel, wheio a plentiful en- tertainment was provided for them ; and ita grown-up members adjourning to the paddock adjoining tho hotel, where a bullock, provided by tho municipality, and roasted whole, awaited them. This was immediately attacked by the crowd, and slices of beef and bread were handed round to all those who chose to par- take. Several salutes wero firod from a small piec« of ordnance, lent to the municipality for tho occasion by Mr. Champ, of Pentridge. A booth was erected and music provided for the convt- nienco of dancéis, and mnny groups en- gaged in diffeTent parta of the paddock in football and other similar sports. At night a bonfiio was lighted, and a display of fire- works let off ; and tho whole company present, although wet and mud-bespattered, appeared to enjoy themselves, and to spend their holi- day merrily, in spite of all drawbacks, The amount given by tho corporation was £20, and private subscriptions were raised, exclu- sive of that arnon it, to tho extent of some £9G. A sum of £6 had also been devoted by the corporation for flags. PENTRIDGE. Pentridgo Avould not suffer itself to fall bo hind on the occasion. 160 flags were made for the purposes of a procession, which was to have taken placo, but for the unfortunate weather. However, the Volunteers assembled, fired a gun at noon, presented arma, and then gave a feu. de joie, winding up with three cheors for tho Prince, and threo cheers for the Princess, and then three for the two united* Seventy-two men were on the ground, under the command of Lieut.-Colonel Champ, At midnight, the preceding eve, a gun Avoa fired, and a bullock commenced to roast, being christened by one of tho oldest in habitants of Pentridge, Mr. J. Kendel, Avith brandy. At sunrise another gun was fired, and a cheer given for tho opening of the auspicious day, and tho Union-jack raised on a staff Beventy feet high, placed in the centre of the wood piled for the bonfire, such bonfire being lit at dusk by the hand of the prettiest" lady in tho neighbourhood. (Wo aro credibly informed that such 'is the fact, but do not wish to tako tho onus of tho judgement on our own shoulders.) Foot, barrow, and sack races, and numeious other amusements, wero indulged in by "pro- vision of tho committee, who numbered ten, and whose endeavouis received material oiei from Mr. Duncan and the various officers of tho Ponai department. Between £70 and £80 Avas.collected by private subscriptions. In addition to the roast bullock, which was consumed with great gusto by the assembled guests, there was a plum-pudding of some ICOlb., and a barrel of nie ; and then for the children, fifty dozcuof buna.and 1001b. of plum cako, and oh, delicious thought l_301b. of lollies. After the children had been regaled, at about one p.m. they were addiessed by Licutonant Colouel Ohamp on tho objects of the feast, and the solid portion of tho entertainment having been duly discussed, they of courso allowed a laudable amount of juvenile enthu- siasm and loyalty, and then dispersed to in dulgo in the various amusements provided for them. Wo may mention that tho three marquees for refreshment wore provided by tho Penal department, Avho Avero most cordial in their aid: and to the Pent ridge Road, Board waa due the palm for initiating the nucleus of, the subscription. The prisoners were not forgotten in the gene- ral rejoicings, and in tho Panopticon, no doubt, many wero surprised at the unwonted luxury of tea for breakfast, that beinr to them the inauguration of their participation in tbo festivity of the day. Other good cheer wns in store for them throughout the twenty fonr hours, and prison discipline was so far relaxed as to permit performances of a dra- matic character.singing,'&«., which were most excellently carried out In the way of illu- mination, the front of the Stockade was deco- rated with tho Prince of Wale-s' le-nthers. Mr. Moran, tof the Peutridgo Hotel, had a star and crown, ingas, and Mr. Hunt, the chemist, had a similar gas illumination. i NORTHCOTE. The quiet suburbau district of Northcote, in order to tako time by the forelock lu its loj-alty, gave a salute of twenty-one guns at midnight on Monday, the salute being the signal for the first turn of the spit on which the ox given by Mr. Mitchell waa im- paled ; the National Anthem being then struck up by those assembled, and followed by other patriotic songs, after which tim folk retiring to their' homes, ' left the bullock to its watchers. The day did not dawn auspi- ciously, but the Northcotians tyere not to bo daunted, and in spite of the weather, the festivities were proceeded with. The principnl scene was Upper or Cortil Northcote; but Lowor Northcote, or Northcote Proper, the original Government township, had also its separate demonstration. In each a line of flags was carried across the road, and ever- greens and bunting adorned the house?. The materials of the Upper Northcote feast were given by-Mr. Mitchell, one ox; Mr. Plant, one hogsheadlof nie ; Mr. Jackson, bread at ditcre tion ; Mr. Oliver, also a butcher, giving money equivalent, as two bullocks were not required. Various subscriptions enabled n supply of cakes and other delicitics csl cttlated to suit the children s ji.il.ite, to be provided for them. Tho watchels did the ir duty well, tho bullock uns well dono,"and when done, eaten quickly,in alnrge tout erected by Mr. Plant adjoining his hotel for the purpose ; and also for dancing, which was afterwards indulged in; together with various spoils,such commencinsnt 230 n.m., and beinç carried on till dusk, when the bon- fire was ignited, and blazed up most enthu- siastically. A band of music aided in cull ven- ing the.BCt'iie. IuLowcrNoi thcotc. two English OiiUs were planted in the Church of ErmUnd ground, that not only the plua-ureb of the day might serve as a remembrance, but that a las-ting memento'might be created of the occasion : and it is to be hoped they may long flourish to ebronicle the fnct. This was followed by a feast to the chu Iren of (he township, the subscriptions bi-ing g ven in kind by_the inhabitants, and fin niahint.' forth a most' plenteous and somewhat recherche meal. Spoils of various kinds followed. We weio not able to hear of any illuminations taking place iu the township. FOOTSCRAY, BRAYBROOK, AND MAID- STONE. Tho inhabitants of these localities were, much to their regret, prevented by (he un- toward weather fiom having all the out- door amusements thoy had ehawn up in tlîcir progiamme, but they were determined to, at all ex-ents, hove as much of it as they could. Accoidingly, the volunteer com" menced firing a salute by eight a.m., with the Armstrong guns, and throughout the day the inhabitants persevered in their endeavours to bo blithe, nnd enjoy the occasion Tlio new road to Melbourne, built under the auspices of the Biaybrook Road Board, was BO far completed that the bridge across the swamp, near the North Melbourne Sta- tion, was opened. It is 120 fett long by twenty feet wide, and built, together with the road, by Mr. J. Mille,of Emerald-hill. At the opening, a hogshead of _*CXX. a large cheese, and abundance of broad and other eatables foi meei a s i< ¡»factory lunch l'or thosa as- sembled ; and after duo justice had bee-n done to these, the chairman of I he mad board, having complimented Mr. Mills on the EUC cess of his uudeitikiiig, cluistetiid the stiucturc "Albert Bridge." Various sports were Indulged in in the townships during tlie day, and bonfires bl,iz<*d and fireworks wcie let off in the evening. Music nnel dancing were also not wantiug to enliven the scene. WILLIAMSTOWN. What Williamstown undertook to do in the matter of the Royal nuptial celebration, Williamstown, almost to the letter, cre- ditably accomplished. Despite the cheerless depression induced by the drizzling min, and theequivoc.il prospect helel forth of a muddy promenade, the "dreadnoughts" of the " fish lug village," true to their colour», mustered lu force at the rendezvous in the town-hall reserve with praiseworthy punctuality. At eleven o'clock in the forenoon, the pro- cession was marshalled, nnd in duo order proceeded with music and oulouis through the appointed thoroughfares to tho bat- tery at the Point, where a Royal salute waa fired with piecision and effect by the NavalBrigado from the sixty-eight pounders. A feu-de-joie was then fiied hythe Naval Bli goele, Artille! y, and Riflecorp.i.nnelthreecheers given by all present for the Queen, and three for the Prince and Princess. The proces»iou then re-formed and proceeded to the Town hall, which waugailydecorated withshrabsand flowers, and tho ceremony of planting the memorial oaks was gone through. A brief but discriminate oration was delivered by Mr G. F. Verdon, M.L.A., who saiel that an occa- sion like that seldom occuircd, and especially under such happy auspices. Although nt a distant end of thoenrth, they had met on that occasion with as much enthusiastic loyalty as if they bad been in the heart of Her Ma- jesty's empire. Mr. Verdon then gave a happy definition of what constitutee! British loyalty, and proceeded to observe that the oaks which badjust been planted wero symbolical of Old England, and the maritime enterprise which had founded the colonies of Australia. At the conclusion of tho speech, a Royal salute was fired by the Naval Brigade from the howitzers on Thompson stree-t Bridge. The i volunteers wero then marched into iho Cus- I tomB reserve, and regaled by' Lieutenant Macfarlanes and his brother officer's. Lieu- tenant Harley, RN.R., of the Keel Jacket, was attached to the Naval Brig.idc. The ( assemblage, after dispersing, proceeded to the scene of the afternoon's festivities. The sodden and sloppy condition of the ground effectually put n stop to tho sports and athletic exercises, but great fun and hilarity prevailed around the fire whero tho bullocks were being dono to a turn. Great praise is due to the cooks for the ndmirublo manner in which they acquitted themselves ia their arduous task ; and the participant« of the good checrBeemcd to relish it heartilj-, Oneof the carcases on being hoisted from tile fire, came to promatunr grief, through tho pulleys giving way, but tho damage waa speedily rectified. Eating and drinking wero the order of tho day ; and nt dusk the huso bonfire some' forty feet in height-waa lit up, and blazed until n late hour .right merrilj'. The fireworks weio let off under tho direction of Mr. Ellery, from a stago erected for the pur- pose. In addition to the floral decorations which wero scattered bioadcast over the dis- trict, many of tho residences weio illuminated in the evening iu the good old style, with candles. Tho most prominent drawback to tho enjoyments of the day waa the absence, owing to tho rain, of great numbers of chil- dren*, who would otherwise have y heartily enjoyed themselves. THE BAY. The dense wet canopy which overhung Hobson's Bay until the nfternoon, when It was paitially removed, completely nullified the otherwise very fino effect which would havo been produced if tho atmrspliero had been less cloudy. As it was, the shipping of I the various piers aud in the bay was, with but few exceptions, dressed out with llaga and evergreens. Conspicuous among others, was our own compact little screw-steamer Vic toria, which «ivas not only in' full -dress heiself, but had some of her boats ' *in the same gaudy trim. There was ' also the stlffer and moro stately- looking cor- vette, Djambi, on the maintop of which was a large and very handsome bridal crown, formed of orango blossoms, and white satin ribbon; and tho display of her bunting rivalled in the variety of its colours the hues of the renowned tulipä of the^ Netherlands. The Blue Jacket lind a very fine appearance, from the Avoy in which her colours were dis- posed at each yard- arm ; and so also had the Government schooner Empire, and the celo brateel Blackwall liner Kent, these vessels having put on their holiday attire for the oc- casion. Tho Anglesey and the. Roxburgh Castle, belonging to the Messrs. Green, ap- peared in markeel contrast to tho other vesse/ in tho Bay, but the deep mourning lines round both ships, expressively ir.tii-.atcd the reason. Almost eveiy craft that could command a stitch of bunting had it displayed to tho best advantage, and where flags were at a premium, other means were resorted to to eke out the decorations. The railway steamer Kangaroo, to make uri for her scanty show of bunting, was covered with a small forest of evergreens, and looked not unlike a floating aibour. The echoes ol tho boy were fust loused from their dull re pose by tho firing of a aignal-gun from "H.M.O.S. Victoria, immediately after which she dressed ship, und was followed in due course by tho Djambi. A Royal salutu was tired by the Binn Jucket, under the command of Captain White. In the evening, similar salutes were fircel by tho Red Jacket) nt eight o'clock, and by the Victoria and Djambi nt nine o'clock. These three vessels, and the i Kent ns well, were also illuminated ; and bael the night been clearer, the display on the water would have hail a much grander effect GEELONG. Although the good town of Geelong has long been sneereel at by Melbourne and some of ita inland rivals, and lias rather unjustly been treated to moro kicks than halfpence, and though her people huve been occasionally, and perhaps dcseivevlly, declared slow and dull in the management of their political and commercial affairs, there is no instance cn record of our loyalty to our Queen aud country having ever been challenged. Had such been the case, the jubilant demonstra- tion of joy that burst forth simultaneously this day would havo most effectually extiu. guished any such intent suspicions. Though our means of " flashing floods of fire," and of otheiwise demonstrating our joy at the great event-the marriage of the Prince of Wales -celebrated, were not equal to -those of Melbourne, still the feeling in the hearts of our townspeople was quite as sincere in their manifestiiiions of joy as that of any people within the British dominions. The town council hax'ing taken the initiative in the matter of these rejoicings, aud having voted £100 for tho purpose of making them go off with eclat, other public bodies took tho matter np, such the Artillery Brigade, the Geelong troop of Victoria Light Horse, the fire brigade, &c;, while very handsome subscrip- tions wero sent in from private firms and in- dividuals; and it was finally arranged that tho great holiday should bo ushered in by a Royal salute of twenty-one guns from tho garrison gun battery on the b-'ach. The artillery brigade were ' then to fall in on the di ill ground, and march with two batteries up to the rendezvous near tho gaol, where a. feu de joie was to be fired, and the order of procession formed for a march through tho towu by tho various public bodies, and ns many citizens as chose to uttend. Arrangements were also mado for a grand illumination in the evening, and for a display of, fireworks, and a large bonfire, during which two batteties of the artillery biigade would fire minute guns. Nor waa this, tho best part of tho arrangements, for feeling that it wus difficult -to persuade people to enjoy such a holiday on empty stomachs, a most profuse feast was prepared for about 2,500 children and neaily 1,000 adults of both sexes. Tho liberality of Mr. Burrow also supplied a souvenir in the shape of a number of medals distributed to the orphan school children, recording the auspi- cious event they had met to celebrate by the eating of buns aud lollies, and' drinking lemonade and tea. Nor wero the prisoners in the gaols forgot te n ; every one was cared for, the sheriff and collector of Customs having ar- ranged to supply them \vitli extra food, ale, ¡mel tobacco. Tho contributions from the tradesmen of the town to tho store of food necessary to supply so many people were very liberal. Barrels of ale, barns, cheese, bottled stout, . ginget beer, lemonade, raisins, ten, pugar, buns, bis'cuits, cakes, tobacco, pipes, &c;\, were poured in upon the com- mittee with the greatest profusion. The native forests, and the gardens in the suburbs, were ransacked lor leaves and flowers to decorate triumphal arches, shop fronts-among which Iho most conspicuous emblems were the Crown and the initials ''A." and "A." Besides this, every bit of available bunting that could bo procured was enlisted for tho occasion ; and all tho principal build- ings in town were decorated with flags, among which the most conspicuous were the British and Danish. Tho most complete arrange- ments had also been made for making the illumination in the" evening as complete as possible. What was generally expected, and universally hoped to be, a bright and sunny morning, turned out, to tho mortification of thousands of recently joyous hearts, to be a cold cheerless day of pelting rain. The rejoicings, however, passed off with ¿clat. Shortly after dark the fire brigade turned out in full strength, and had a torch-light proces- sion, the weather still being very cloudy and threatening. After this, the bonfire was lighted, tho town illuminated, and the "bat- teries kept up for some time a brisk fire ; the streets, despite the mud and water, being per- fectly thronged with sightseers, and tho j'oungatera indulging in their own display of fireworks. The demonstration in Geelong, in honour of the Royal marriage, may be pro- nounced a decided success. KYNETON. In spite of the incessant tain, the celebra- tion has been carried on kore with the greatest spirit. A very largo procession hav-' ing been formed, composed of volunteers) farmers, and townspeople-some in vehicles' some on horseback, and somo on foot;-the prin- cipal streets were paraded to the Botanical Gurdens, ivhere Mr. H. Jarrett, chairman of the municipality, Mr. Boulton, captain of volunteers, and Mr. Vonce, planted trees 'in honourof the Queen,and thoPriuce andPrin cess of Wales. Refreshments wero provided for all who chose to partake of them, and for tho children. In the evening there were a bonfire, fireworks, nnd a general illumination. No- where in Her Majesty's dominions was there a moro hearty or spontaneous expression of loyalty, and regard for the Royal Family. SANDHURST. Tor many days great preparations had been made by all classes, not alone on Sandhurst, but in all tho out gullies, to cele- brate tho Royal marriage in a style worthy of Bendigo. All the banka and public buildings (with tho exception of the Government Offices) Avero extensively and artistically deco- rated with flags', gasfittings, green boughp, and transparencies. Tho principal streets and thoroughfares wero one continuóos line of foliage, and it waa a marvel where so much bunting came from. All wero on the gui vive, and it waa detei mined that Bendigo should .turn 'out in tens of thousands. Unfortunately, the day opened with heavy continuous rain, accompanied towarda mid-day xvith a flesh gale. Despito these untoward circumstances, a x*ery respect ablo procession turned out, headed by the municipal council, and consisting of a fair muster of volunteers, caA'alry and rifles. The magistracy, most of tho principal citizens, ii few publio bodies, and three' bauds, started' "from the" Town-hall, proceeded to the Park. ' and planted au English oak and a tre« of paradise, in memory of the Princo and Prin- cess. Tho chairman read an address to Her | Majesty, after which the Rifles fired a feu de joie, It was intended tohavehad numerousold English games, which wero postponed untilthe Queen's Birthday, when it is iutended lohave I a close holiday, a second illnminution, and a second ball, weather permitting. Tho illu I minations wero very striking, notwithstanding the bad weather. A ball in the Town-ball, under the auspices of tho municipal council, who on this occasion came out creditably, was a decided success. Bonfires were lit on the principal hills. BALLABAT.-Towards night-fall on Monday I preparations for roasting the bullocks in- j tended for consumption to-day were com- pleted, and tbo persons charged with the | duty assumed command of tho spits erected in Sturt-strect and Peel-street Market. Large | quantities of fiiewood lind been thrown down adjacent to each spot, and the spitted bullocks wero made to revolvo between two fires, and distil their fatneBS into large pans henoath. Tlie wind, however, had such a strong ten-1 dency to tho westward, that in each case the furthermost fire was of little or no use, while that to the eastward had a tendency to scorch rather than to roast. Tho unusual sight attracted at each place a large number of persons, curious to observe a process with which in many waja they were so un- i familiar ; but the cold night air drove them off, one by one, and before midnight nonebuttheircookskeptthebullockscompnny. The arrangements for to day's celebration of the marçiago of the Prince of Wales and the Princess Alexandra havo been at last con- cluded, and should the weather continue fine the public-spirited members of committee vt.ill, no doubt, see ample causo for pride at the holiday they havo laboured so hard to provide for. The townsfolk havo well se- conded the committee, and all day yesterday triumphal arches, overgreims, transparencies, " big A*8," Prince's feathers, stars, linga, and devices of all sorts were in busy prepmntion orariangement forte day's and to night's dis- play. The fencing-in of the bullock-roasting pluces was ptoceeded with, the fuel laid down, and the spits erected. The gift bulloclis were ready emly in tho day. Messrs. Pnwor, Ittuherford, Ettershank, andCo.'s bullock was, exhibited at Patorfon's shop above thoThcatre Royal ; Messrs. Hepburn and Leonard's was exhibited along the street and spitted triumphantly in Sturt-street early in the evening, ready for the roast. Mr. Sweeney's was exhibited in Ballarat East, and all at- tracted crowds of admiring spectators. The donors of other good thing, sent in their gifts, and in the Mechanics' Instituto were tobe soon piles of cake, plum pudding, lollies, bia cuit-i, sugar, flour, tea, fruit, and other nice edilles, ready for tho feast; nnd for the dis- tribution of all theso loaels of luscious things the committeo has made particular arrangements. Tho schools will muster at eleven a.m., nnd the procession will start at twelve o'clock, the volunteers of both arms mustering at half-past nine a.m. for parade. In tho early morning a public prayer meeting will take place opposite to the Town-hall, in Sturt-street, and a meeting for a Bimilar purpo.e at the Congregational Church is advertised. The children will be, weather permitting, feasted in the cricket-" ground, where soots for 4,000 "or 0,000 have been fixed. In the afternoon, the roast bul- locks, bread, and ale, will be served in Sturt stieer, and in Peel Btieet Market, car.h guest to provide his own knife and fork. To insist in the maintenance of order during the day .and evening, speciul constables will bo sworn in, in aid of the polico force, and nil vehicles will, if possible, bo prohibited fiom tra- versing the Main-road' and Sturtstrcet i-c-* tween tho hours of seven mid ten in tho evening. At the theatres in tho even- ing there will ha special entertainments. Tho performances form part and paicel of the day's rejoicings. Miss Emma Howson is to appear as Britannia, and will lead in "God Save the Queen," as also in the Danish Na tionol sons, " King Christian stood by the Lofty Mast," which 1ms been especially har- monized for the occasion by Mr. F. A. How- son. There will bo agroat display of scenery, flags, wreaths, bannerets, "c, in oider to make the tableau as effective as possible, and there is no doubt the in-door amusements provided at this theatre will prove very attractive to the plensurc-lovingcommuuity.-Sfe/r.May 10. BUNINVONG.-The Royal marringa rejoicings at Buninyong wero carrieel out in a highly characteristic manuor. Ale was freely dis- pensed. A bullock, provided by_pt i vate sub- scription, and a sheep, were roasted, and dis- tributed from a dray on a platform at the intersection of Warrenheip and Learmonth streets. Councillor Fasham acted as superin- tendent of the cooking department. Tho cutting up of tho carcases did not commence till half-past eight o'tilock in the evening. The bonfires on the Mount, ns we have al- ready repotted, proved failures. During the day there was a procession of the Highland Society, headed by pipers. The children wero regaled in their respective schools, as tho un- favourable state of tho weather was held not to justify their taking part in the procession. In the evening there was a grand ball at the Odd Fellows' Hall, attended by about 200 persons.-Ballarat Star, May 22. CASTLEifAitîE.-Fine weather is all that is required to make this day memorable In the chronicles of colonial public demonstrations. If Sol is as loyal as wo may presume him to be, this day will be one of glorious autumn sun- shine; but should the rain descend, our loyalty aud the public enthusiasm will not be quenched. Our " ineffectual fires" may palo, but the spirit of loyal delight and public gra- titude at the auspicious event which this colony this day celebrates, will Ftlll exhibit itself in a variety of ways. Tho proces- sion, tho review and sham fight, tho fete, the ball, and toichlight proces- sion, the illumination, tho pyrotechnic display and bonfires, and, finally, tho monster free dinner, all promise to be of the most suc- cessful character. Every preparation ap- pears to havo been made, both by private Individuals aud publio bodies, which loyal ingenuity, and a regard for the credit of Cas- tlemaine, could suggest. The free dinner will be ready, and open to all corners, In tho Mar- ket-square, at seven p.m. Tho ox, given by the chairman of tho municipality, will of course form tho chief " dish,"-a monster dish, worthy of tho days of giants; three sheep, given by Mr. P. Beddard, of the Royal Hotel, will also be cooked wholo and served up ; bread and potatoes will be served ad libitum, and in order to make the dinner thoroughly old-English in its character, plum- pudding will also be supplied. The council have taken up a suggestion which wo made a few days since, and will cause twelvo strokes to be given on tho great fire-bell at half-past six o'clock p.m" as a signal for the illumina- tions, bonfires, transparencies, &c;, to bo lit. At midnight, twelvo other strokes will bo sounded as a signal to those who choose to extinguish their celebration fires. The Albert and Alexandra oaks will be planted this morning, with due ceremony, in the centre of the Botanic Reservo. This ceremony, though not a very exciting one, is one of the most interesting in tho day's proceedings,-Mount Alexander Mail, May 19. CRESWICK.-The Creswick Royal Marriage Rejoicings Committee mado the follow- ing arrangements for the day:-Tho Cres- wick Volunteers will proceed to the re- creation-ground, and thero fire a feu de joie. Tho children will lunch at half-past twelvo o'clock, and the procession will bo formed at half-past one o'clock in the follow- ing order ¡-Volunteer band, Volunteers, mu nbipal council, fire brigade, magistrates, medical and legal professions, clergy, road board, brass band, Oddfellows, Foresters, children of tho various schools, tho gene- ral public. After perambulating tho town, the procession will proceed to the recreation ground, where various sports will bo provided, In Raglan-streot a bullock will bo roasted whole, as also ehecp stuffed with sausages. At the samo place another bullock will be cut up into pieces nnd distributed; bread and beef will bo distributed in Raglan-street, bread and chceso in tho Market-square, and ale in front of tho Orderly-room, Carabridge street. There will be one bonfiro on the Eastern-hill and another on Church- hill. The hospital will be illuminated, as also various buildings in the town. Fireworks will b 3 let off from a platform in Market-Equnnvand a niece« of ground,« tho same placo will bo flooreelfor dancing.-Ballarat ¿>tar, May 19, "««-alor ' DAYLES-ona-The day of rejoicing i" Daylesford was a great success, in spite of the inclemency of the weather., R,.in 8et ^ heavily during the previous night, and thou eandBWoko in the morning with sorrowful" hearts, as tho merciless rain pelted against the panes of the window?. The wind blew in bleak and chilling gusts throughout the day, and not a glimmer or.unshiuc shed even a ray of hope. The committee met several times during the morning, and a proposal to postpone the festivities until Whit-Mon day was discussed. ' EventuaUy, however it was decided to carry out tho programme in spite of all difficulties, and heartily everybody joined in the celebration. Num- bers of peoplo poured into tho town frora all quarters; women,and children crowded the thoroughfares, and found shelter un- der the verandahs ; the mora stalwart braved the elements manfully, and, once re- solved upon keeping up the holiday ft» ? weather seemed to have little influence in d7 pressmg their spirits, or dimiiiisliiD» th¡S, enthusiasm. Drabbled and dirty, bespattered and wet, all seemed to join in the celebration defiant alike of rain, nnd wind, and mud ami every other unpleasantness. It is needles- tri say that the day was observed as a general holiday, everyplace .of business being closed Many ot tho shops, and nil the hotel- wem decorated with flags and boughs, and tha mnin street presented throughout tho day an nppearanco of animation never before wit nessed on any festive occasion in Daylesford" The. whole people seemed to unite in stirau. latmg each other to do honour to the occa sion, and the result WM a demonstration unequalled, wo venture to say, by ouy muni cipnlity in tho colony of equal population" Even in tho most remote quarters, (he holidav was duly observed.-Express, May 21. Gui_DFonD.-The marriage festivities were kept here in a very loyal manner, most of the houses being illuminated aud decorated with flags, banner?, and flowers. There was a large bonfire on Guildford-hill. The Strath- loddon and Goffney's Hotel weie decorated with groat taste-the latter especially, b'ine lighted with 193 wax candles, presented a very brilliant ai>pearancc\\- Castlemaine Dailu _Veuj-, May 21. * HEATHCOTE.-A more unpropitious day, as far weather is concerned, cjuld not have bee-n chosen. All Monday night a steady soaking rain descended ; and when day broke tho ground everywhere was misombly sloppy, while the rain continued to full without any nppearanco of being likely to cense. This made the scene out of doors far le.-s exciting than it would otherwise havo been, as ladies especially could not venture abroad with any comfort. A great many patriotic centlemen. however, wero not so deterred-of course, all business was suspended-and from an early hour in tho morning Royal salutes were bearii proceeding from half-a- dozen different points; from tile cricket-ground, the rnnge, the Heath- cote and Mount Ida Hotels- M'Icor Times. May 21. LEAR MONTO".-At Learmonth, in addition to a bonfire on Bunker's-hill on an extensivo scale, the managers of the fund laised for tho commemoration of the Princo of Wales's nuptiala have found the montys at their dis- posal sufficient to cover the co=t of a pyro- technic display, for whica arrangements aro being made, though, from the groat demand iu the Ballarat market for all descriptions of fireworks, it is doubtful whether the^iaterinl can be procured in such large quantities as is desired. Mr. G. G. Morton, M.L.A., intends at his own cost to have a large bonfire on tho hill adjoining his residence at Labona, and the résidents near Mount Blowhard talk of a similar pyre, on their well-known mount. At the Springs Township, also, in addition to tho bonfito on the highest peak of Mount Bolton, a pyrotechnic display is lo tako place. Ballarat Star, May 19. MAitYBOROUon,-At twelvo o'clock a proces- sion will be formed on the Market- square, tho order of which will of courso grantlj' depend upon the attendance of tho various bodies in . *-ited. The volunteers will take the lead after tho band, and the RoaàBoaul.masiB trates, Oddfellows, German Association, miners, schools, trades, &c;, will form, a part. Prince's Park will bo the rallying point of the clay, as there the memorial trceswill bo planted, the sports enjoyed, and thefcux-de-foie fired hy the Rifto Corp.s. An ox, the generous gift of Mr. Marmaduke Clarke, will be ronsted entire, and ampio provision will ba made for feasting aud amusement for the children. A torch- light procession will be formed by tiru Firo Brigade at seven o'clock, at which time a bonfire of colossul dimensions will be kindled on Bri?tol-hill. Fireworks will be dispbvjed on the Market-reserve, and a grand ball at the Golden Age Hotel,-kindly granted for tho occasion bv Messrs. Joske Brothers, of Melbourne,-wül wind np the proceedings of the festive day. That it will be one of enjoy- ment for all classes and r.gc3, provided we have fine weather, there can be no sort of doubt.-Advertiser, May 17. SMYTHESDALE.-The morning of the day appointed as a holiday to celebrate the Prince of Wales's marriage was ushered in by showeis of rain ; but despite all tho inconvenience arising from a superabundance of moistureon occasions of public rejoicings, the loyal In- habitants were determined to give testimony to the affection they bor.'to the mothor country, aud a stranger would hax'e seen all busy erecting bowers of evergreens, triumphal arches, and decorating the fronts of the various buildings. Flag3 were flying from almost every building ; to attempt to enumerate the various nationalities which they represented would be a serious task, for tho variety was only limited by the extent of the drapers' stock of coloured materials. Of course bonfires were made, and bullocks provided for roasting. Smythesdale, Scarsdale, nnd Brown's had each procured a bullock. Pro- cessions were formed in the A'arious districts. After tho procession, the wants of the inner man had to be satisfied. Dinner was provided at the Court-House notcl. Beef, bread, and nie at all tho hotels for nothing was the order of the day. After this was over, the time had arrived for the illuminations. At Frasers Hill, over 200 loads of firewood and other mateiinls had been piled round a venerablo monarch of the forest, surmounted by a fla_. The flamee lit up the town, and for some timo the crowd eagerly watched for the fall of the King of the Gums. In the town, nil that could ho procured in tho Bhape of candles, kerosono lamps, &c;, had been pressed into service ; and, not content with this, some persons " shouted" barrels of tar to let tho crown of the road know that the Prince of Wales had been married. The festival at Smythesdale wound up with a ball. At Scarsdale, the municipal council dined at the Union Hotel.-Ballarat Tribune, May 20. TARHENGOWEK.-At twelve o clock, tua warden and magistrate, members of the municipal council.Mnsonic brethren, foresters, &c;, Odd Fellows, society members of tho various religious bodies and school children, will assemble in the Market square, and having formed In procession will march through tho principal streets, accompanied by tho Maldon Band. On their return to tho Market-reserve, Mrs. M'Kcnzio and Mrs. War- nock will perform tho ceremony of plant- ing two English oaks, kindly presented for the occasion by Mr. Aldridge, and brought by that gentleman from Windsor Home Park in the form of acorns. At the conclusion of tho ceremony a salute of twenty-one guns will bo fired, and the youngsters will be duly christened Albeit Edward and Alexandra. In the afternoon the school children ana others will be regaled with tea and bun?, mo tea nnd sugar being given by Mr. James war nocb, O.M.C. At night-fall a torchlisht pro- cession will be formed, ana proceed to uo summit of the mount, whero ! a monster bon tiro will bo lit, with fireworks, and as a tuno up a ball is to bo given.- Castlemaine JJaUH News, May 19. Printed and published by OEOKOE DiLt,, at J"" A""! Ofllco, Collin» street, Miluourne, for V U.E0!. »n« IUCÏUÎMOK, Proprietors. 