TO CORRESPONDENTS. A correspondent suggests that Mr. Murray'B new name, ' Alberia,' now that the hot weather is approaching, might be appropriately spelt '? All-beery-here.' 'Dot and Cabby One.'— A correspondent asks us if we think the reason why a certain gentleman could not score at the rifle butts was because he made all his bulls eyes in King William-street? We really do not feel capable of deciding questions of so much moment. - A person must be addicted to very strange ways who would think ot making a butt of Mr. Gall's office by mistaking' It for a target, and scoring his hits in that vicinity, instead of reserving his powder for the Park Lands. Perhaps the gen tleman who described the ricochet on the occasion can reply to the query of our correspondent The Mark Lane Express says — ' The change to colder weather, with a little rain, though still useful to the gatherings in the southern parts of the king dom, has somewhat delayed the northern harvest where the corn wanted ripening. With so large an instalment safe, some warm rain would be a great benefit to the grass lands and roots ; and this is now becoming a serious want in many parts of Europe, especially for the crop of Indian corn in. Italy, Hun gary, and the Principalities. The sudden appearance of samples of the fine new crop in mauy markets has this week materially affected prices — say on an aver age 3s. per quarter ; and when the quality of the wheat is considered, this is an immense benefit to the country. Reports are more and more confirmatory that we have much beyond an average both in yield as well as quality ; and in very many instances last year's poor returns have been doubled. The country, therefore, as well as the farmer has to be congratu lated ; and if the prices in some foreign ports keeps a little longer at their present range we may be able to give them a turn in the way of export, without fear as to the flour produced by British samples. Politi tically, too, in these martial times, it is well to have a goodstore of breadstuff's, as well as powder, not only to feed the garrison but to keep the cash more at home. France and the near countries are still gradually declining ; but Danzig, from failures at home and fulness abroad, consents to abandon a crown per quarter, without restricting the decline. At New York there is a moderate tendency that way ; and it is to be hoped that, for the sake of ensuring the custom of the South tor breadstuff's (likely to be increasingly heavy) the military method of making a brotherly arrangement will be abandoned.' The following are the current prices of wheat and. flour in Mark Lane : — Wheat, Essex and Kent, white, new 42s to 47s per quarter, old 38a to 44s ; ditto, red, new 41s to 45s, old 40a to 42s ; Norfolk, Lincoln, and Yorkshire, red, new 4ls to 45s, old 40s to 42s. Flour (per sack of 280 lbs)— Town, Households, 40s to 47s per quarter ; Country 28s to 30s, Households 33s to 35s ; Norfolk and Suffolk, ex ship, 27s to 29s. Foreign Grain. — Wheat — Dantzic, mixed 47s to 49s per quarter, extra 50s to 54s ; Konigsberg, 46g to 47s, extra 47s to 48s ; Rostock, 44s to 46s, fine 47s to 48s ; Silesian, red 42s to 45s, white 45s to 47s ; Pomera, Meckberg., and TTckermTk, red, 43s to 46s ; Danish and Holstein, red, 40s to 44s ; Russian, hard, 37a to 39s ; St. Petersburg and Riga, 37s to 42s ; French, none ; Rhine and Belgium, 44s to 46s ; American, red winter 42s to 44s, spring 40s to 42s, white 47s to 48s. Flour. — French, 37s to 40s per sack ; Spanish, 37s to 41s ; American, 19s to 21s per brl., extra and double 22a to 25s. On Thursday evening, between 30 and 40 gentle men interested in the forming of the new Jockey Club held a meeting at the Norfolk Arms in connection with the revival of the old Adelaide Eacecourse. Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P., was voted to the chair, and after speaking upon the success which had crowned the efforts of himself and others who had interested themselves in the matter, and in getting the sanction of Parliament to the Corporation leasing the course to the proposed Club, mentioned that it was determined to constitute all those who should subscribe the sum of four guineas as members of the Club. About 20 put their names down for four guineas each, and then it was resolved to write to the Hon. John. Baker to become its President, after whioh Mr. Coglin was elected Treasurer and Secretary, and the gentlemen who had subscribed their four guineas were em powered to collect subscriptions for fencing in the course, and the erection of a grand stand. The site of the grand stand was next taken into consideration.^ and there were two propositions put — one that it should be at the old spot, and another on the west side of the course, near Mr. Wright's house ar-.d the clump of trees near that spot. At the titxie these propositions were put to the vote, several of the sub scribers had left the room, and it was ultimately de termined to defer the consideration of that question to a fuller meeting, and for that purpose it was re solved to adjourn the meeting for a fortnight, at the same hour, and in the same plaoe. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the proceedings. Thursday's Gazette contains the following appoint ments :— Thomas Graves, Esq., of Glen Osmond, and Thomas Greaves Waterhouse, Esq., of Halton Brook, to be two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the province of South Australia. Appointments in the Crown Lands and Immigration Department ? Mr. John Davis to be clerk from the 1st July, 1863, in elusive ; Mr. C. W. Draper to be clerk from the 8th September, 1863, inclusive, vice Warburton, resigned. Appointments made by His Honor the Judge of the Vice-Admiralty Court by virtue of the power con ferred upon him by Act of Imperial Parliament, 26 Vic, cap. 24 — Wm. Hinde, Esq., to be Registrar, and Wm. R. Boothby, Esq., to be Marshal of the Court of Vice- Admiralty. The Gazette also an nounces that the Government Offices will be closed on Wednesday next, the J4th instant, being the day on which the Government Prizes at the Rifle Asso ciation Matches will be competed for. A letter has been received in town from Chief Inspector Hamilton, dated 30th September, announc ing his arrival at Angipena from Lake Hope and the Eastern Plains, and stating that he had not had any cause for hostilities with the natives in the Far North. Those he had met had conducted themselves properly, and had dispersed on his approach. The Chief Inspector would leave immediately for Adelaide, and may be expected in town in about a week or ten days. ? A proclamation appears in Thursday's Gazette from the Governor of Queensland prohibiting the intro duction of sheep from South Australia amongst other places. A proclamation also appears in the same Gazette declaring that the Inspectors of Cattle in the province of Southland are authorised to grant cer tificates to land cattle shipped in the colonies of Queensland, South Australia, and Western Australia, and at the ports of Newcastle and Twofold Bay, in the colony of New South Wales, provided that the same are free from disease, on compliance by the master of the vessel with certain regulations. With reference to operations at the Karkarilla Mine, Capt. Cudlip reports under date October 3 : — ' I am happy to inform you that the lode in No. 1 Shaft is still holding very good, and raising some very good ores ; the ore course ranges from 12 to 18 inches.' Under date October 6, he says ' the lode is greatly improving in the last six feet sinking, and has every appearance of continuing. The lode is about two feet wide, carrying a very fine quality of ore.' A telegram received this day's date (8th inst.'j states 'lode in No. 1 Shaft greatly improving in quality and size.' A meeting of the Great Northern Australian Com pany was convened to take place at White's Rooms, on Thursday, October 8, but in consequence of the small attendance it waB adjourned fine die. The monthly meeting of the West Adelaide Rifles was held on Wednesday, at the School-room, Victoria square. Present — The Captain in the chair, and twenty members. The attendance roll was called over for the past month, which gave an average of somewhat more than half the number of the Company. The Collector handed in a list of members in arrear. Resolved, that the six members in arrear be requested to pay their subscriptions, and should they refuse, to be struck off the Company's roll. The final arrange ments for the Company's match, and entries for the Government matches, were settled and adopted. The resumption of morning drill was fixed for the 19th instant. The meeting then closed. ? # ? Useful to Distbict Councils. — The ack nowledged difficulty found by many persons interested in the proceedings of their local Councils in referring immediately to a particular clause in the ' District Councils Act,' and also by others to whom the Act is unfamiliar, has led to the publication of a useful little manual, printed at the offices of this paper, entitled 'The District Councillor's Companion.' It comprises a toler ably full index of the Act referred to. It is sold at a very moderate price, and we can certainly recommend it to the attention of District Chairmen and Councillors. 