THE ROYAL MARRIAGE. In no portion of Her Majesty's dominions was the news of the marriage of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to a Princess of the House of Denmark received with more joy than in this colony. Nowhere has it been celebrated with more enthusiasm and tho- rough loyalty. Although amongst the most distant of the colonies from the mother country over which the sway of Victoria ex- tends—although half the world stretches be- tween, and to many amongst us the mother country is but a distant recollection, and to others, the beneficial results of Her Majesty's long and virtuous reign are but as a tale— there were no differences of opinion as to the manner in which, an event so important to the welfare of the kingdom, and the happiness of the Royal Family should be celebrated here. Nor was there any niggardliness displayed in the preparations for the re- joicings, appropriate to the occasion. The enthusiasm which broke out at Margate when the Royal bride reached the shores of England, which made London glorious in its welcome, and filled the islands with fires of joy, penetrated across the sea. As soon as the news of the accomplishment of the marriage was received—and, in this instance, the winds and seas were favourable to those who brought the glad tidings—the whole colony shared the sentiment by which our countrymen at home were animated, and threw itself into schemes for rejoicings and festivities with an ardour never before approached. It was felt that the time had come when a fitting mark of the loyalty of the colony could be shown, and when the public sense of the ad- vantages the nation has derived from the blameless reign of Her Majesty could be ap- propriately expressed. In the demonstrations, therefore, there was a deeper meaning than has ever before lain under the rejoicings over the marriage of the heir of the throne, and one which cannot but be peculiarly gratifying to the Sovereign, coming as it does from a people of one mind in this matter, though scattered in communities widely over the world. Immediately after the arrival of the mail, on the 10th instant, it was resolved that a general holiday should be declared in honour of the Royal marriage. The corporation of Melbourne were the first to move in the mat- ter, and at their usual meeting on the 11th instant, the first steps were taken for the ob- servance of the occasion worthily. It was originally proposed that Thursday, the 14th instant, should be the day, but it was found that the interval was far too short to per- mit of adequate preparations. Of enthu- siasm and money there was abundance, but there are limits beyond which even those powerful auxiliaries cannot go. In a com- munity so young, and with a people so scat- tered, there were difficulties of a practical racter which could not be overcome. Skilled workmen for gas-fitting and decorative pur- poses were few in number, and the quantity of material they had to deal with was so limited, that "wages and prices at once rose to a fabulous pitch, and those who were not fortunate enough to select their designs and close their contracts at the earliest moment, found the cost of the dis- plays they proposed to make advance from hour to hour with startling rapidity. Tues- day, the 19th inst., therefore, was generally agreed upon as the day of the demonstration, and proclaimed a general holiday. Parliament voted the sum of £1,000 to supplement the amount (£500) voted by the corporation of Melbourne, and the work of preparation began under the auspices of a committee of the City Council, of which Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbon, town clerk, was the able secretary. It is un- necessary to repeat here the programme agreed upon, as it will be found detailed in the reports which follow. It must be stated, however, that the liberality of Parliament and the corporation was emulated by the incorporated bodies, and by the merchants and public of Melbourne. By the most strenuous exertions, continued in some cases night and day, the whole city was covered with designs in gas and transparencies, and made glorious with flags and evergreens. Banners were hung across the streets, and displayed from the house-tops. The flags, the devices, and the transparencies, in many cases, bore inscrip- tions breathing the warmest wishes for the welfare of the Royal pair, often in the homeliest but heartiest Saxon. Processions of the trades, and of associated charitable and other bodies, and of the schools, were organized. It need scarcely be said that the volunteers turned out to a man, all wearing wedding fa- vours, and that soon after morning broke, they fired Royal salutes from artillery, and salutes of joy, the Victoria and His Netherlands Ma- jesty's war-steamship Djambi joining with the thunder of their guns. For the poor a public table was spread in the Government reserve, where the school children also were feasted. Oxen were roasted whole on the Queen's Wharf, and in various other places, and bread and ale went freely round. By the liberality of many donors, the inmates of the benevolent institutions and hospitals were amply provided for, and concerts, games, and boat races were the order of the day, while dinners and balls divided with the illuminations and fireworks the interest of the evening. In the Exhibition Building, His Excellency entertained at dinner the members of both Houses of Parliament, the judges, the heads of departments, and nume- rous other guests. At sunset, the illumina- tions began, and at midnight they terminated having, despite the weather, been a great suc- cess. While this was the programme for Mel- bourne, the suburban municipalities were not idle. They made their arrangements for local displays, which were only less attractive than those of the metropolis. Processions, triumphal arches, and displays of flags and mottoes marked the day in all of them ; and at night the illuminations and bonfires, as- sisted in lighting up the night as was never before done beneath an Australian sky. The country municipalities and town- ships of lesser importance were not be- hind in their demonstrations. The re- ports we have quoted from day to day show that throughout the entire colony— from east to west and north to south—yes- terday was observed with the most perfect unanimity as a day of rejoicing. At Sand- hurst, Ballarat, Castlemaine, Beechworth, and Geelong, large sums were spent in pre- parations. Mount Macedon, Mount Tarren- gower, Warrenheip, and other prominent points of the Dividing Range, were crowned with huge bonfires. At Schnapper Point, the Red Bluff, and other prominences of the Bay and coast, similar joy-fires were kindled. All was loyal but the weather. A more unfortunate selection than yesterday, as it happened, could not have been made. For days preceding there had been little wind, and a thick mist hung over the low grounds, obscuring the mountains from view. At an early hour, a smart soaking rain set in, with a north-east breeze, and as the morning advanced into day, the rain seemed to increase in severity. The roads became a puddle, the grass unfit for dancing and games, and it seemed as if the whole demonstration must be postponed. At mid-day, however, in a slight lull, the great procession started, though somewhat shorn of the proportions it was originally intended to fill. It had scarcely reached the marquee in the Government reserve, erected for the ac- commodation of His Excellency and Lady Barkly, when the rain recommenced, and the clouds loured in a manner by no means pro- mising for the evening's display. Again hope almost failed ; but anon the wind lulled, the rain ceased, and the muddy streets became once more tolerable. All evening, however, thick masses of cloud rolled slowly along the sky from the north-east, and it was not till midnight came, and with it the close of the demonstration, that the public anxiety on the score of the weather ceased. Had the day been bright—had it been less like a November day in England—a demonstration that was brilliant in spite of all that occurred to mar its effect, would have been an unalloyed success. Nothing could exceed the orderliness of conduct which prevailed throughout the day, or damp an enthusiasm which was so genuine and heartfelt. CITY OF MELBOURNE.—THE MORNING. The day opened most inauspiciously. The morning salutes wakened the citizens to the consciousness of the fact, that rain was falling heavily, and those who looked out of doors beheld a dreary prospect indeed. Rain was falling, not in a heavy storm, which might soon blow over, but with a monotonous stea- diness, which reemed certain to continue, and the prospect was bounded by a mist of that description known to the dismal as "Scotch." This was the more provoking, inasmuch as the last setting of the sun had given promise of a "goodly day to- morrow." Hoping all things, the citizens went on perfecting their preparations, but few ventured out into the streets, and the town up to eight o'clock was as quiet as on a Sunday morning. Over the city the mist was not so thick but that a full view of the decorations could be obtained, and the town dressed out for a high holiday, and yet so gloomy, presented a singular spectacle. The streets north and south, east and west, were decorated from end to end ; flags, ban- ners, streamers, and trophies, met the eye everywhere. Floating from the house-tops, waving from the windows, and spreading over buddings above and below, were the national flags of Britain and Denmark. Besides these, in all directions, bright colours were displayed, and in every conceivable form. Sunshine was all that was needed to render the scene one of great brilliancy ; with- out it, its beauties were well nigh lost. Equally striking would have been the effect of the floral decorations. These also were nearly universal ; in many quarters they were strictly so. Loyalty had made each house a garden. —"Each street a park, Made green and trimmed with trees." Whole parades were concealed under foliage, strings of evergreens, stretched across streets, and floral wreaths, chaplets, and festoons, mixed with mottoes, colours, and devices, combined to form an harmonious whole. Even the fog and rain could not entirely over- come the pleasing appearance of these decora- tions, but the feeling chiefly aroused was one of regret that so much beauty, labour, and skill, should have been expended not to be adequately enjoyed. The cathedral bells were ringing merrily, and looking from the Eastern- hill down either of the main streets, the eye delighted with the gay spectacle, and the ear filled with the joyous music, it was easy to see how great a success the demonstra- tion would have been had the weather been but ordinarily favourable, and it was impossible not to regret that so great a disappointment had been inflicted upon the citizens. The first stir in the streets was caused by the volunteers, who, soon after eight, were marching through the town to the general parade ground—the Rifles, in their grey attire, looking veritable children of the mist. After them bands of laughing children, whose joyous anticipations of the treats to come nothing could damp, were to bo noted wend- ing to the many gathering points, and after a time, as the rain began to fall off, the streets gradually became busy with pedestrians and vehicles. Still, during the morning, it was in the main only Melbourne people who ventured out; the thousands who, on holi- days, pour into the city from Brighton, Fle- mington, St. Kilda, and Richmond, came not. There was a suspicion in the public mind that the festivities would be postponed ; and indeed, this course of action was seriously contemplated. Telegraphic messages were sent to Kyneton, to learn from that elevated township what prospect there was of the weather clearing up, but no answers were re- ceived, and the Melbourne authorities were left to act according to their own judgement. His Excellency the Governor was promptly communicated with, and informed that, owing to the unfortunate turn affairs had taken some doubt existed as to whether the festivities should not be postponed, and if not, whether some alteration should not be made in the arrangements. In reply, Captain Bancroft arrived at the hall of the Royal Society about half past eleven, and informed the mayor and members of the corporation, who by this time had assembled there, that His Excellency placed himself in their hands, and would either sanction a postponement, or would re- ceive the addresses which were to be pre- sented at any place deemed eligible. A con- sultation was then hold in the Royal Society's Hall, as to the best way of carrying out the celebration. A postponement until Thursday was suggested, but the proposition met with very little favour. There was no guarantee, it was urged, that the weather would not be equally as inclement upon that day as the present, the popular enthusiasm would be allowed to flag, the arrangements would be irretrievably confused, and the pro- visions provided for the various entertain- ments would be spoiled. The mayor said he saw great difficulties in the way of a postponement, and as it was he was convinced that the loyal efforts of the citizens would overcome great difficulties. He, therefore, decided that the rejoicings should be car- ried out as nearly according to the pro- gramme as circumstances permitted. There was a difference of opinion as to whether His Excellency should be asked to receive the addresses in the Government-house reserve, or at the Treasury-buildings; but, as there appeared some hope of obtaining tolerably dry quarters on the ground, and as a procession to the Treasury would have been little better than a farce, it was resolved to march to the Domain. Orders were at once given to form the procession, and within half an hour it had moved away. Shorn of its fair proportions but with all of "pride, pomp, and circum- stance" which was possible, the proces- sion took its way through the town, and was followed out to the domain by some thousands of people. The rain about this time was not falling so heavily as it had done early in the day, and the streets of the city were tolerably crowded, though nowhere were they inconveniently rushed. The crowd, wrapped up in winter and waterproof gar- ments, presented anything but a lively ap- pearance, and though good humour and a determination to be pleased, carried the affair off very well, yet there was a singular contrast between the muffled-up men and women movng about below and the gay deco- rations above. Throughout the day the town after this was well filled, but the interest in the outdoor proceedings seemed to have vanished, and the "great sensation" looked forward to was the evening illumination. THE PROCESSION. The civic procession moved from the hall of the Royal Society, in Victoria parade, at a quarter past twelve o'clock. Mr. Fitzgibbon, town clerk, acted, as marshal, and led the way on horseback. The procession marched in the following order:— The Corporation of Melbourne. Band. Members of the Caledonian Society in Highland dress. Members of the Cambrian Society and Welshmen, preceded by a Bard in chariot. The Grand United Order of Oddfellows, each lodge with its banner. The Trades Unions, each union with its banner. Foresters, with banners, &c.; Decorated boat, drawn by six horses. Manchester Unity Lodges. Band of Hope. School children. Citizens, &c.; Nearly all the members of the corporation braved the risks of the journey, and accom- panied the procession on foot. The Caledo- nian Society was, represented by thirty-three gentlemen in kilts, and a number of other members, who, though they donned a dis- tinguishing dress, were not wholly arrayed in Highland habiliments. The Welshmen were about thirty strong, and their bard, mounted on a gaily-decorated car, and playing his harp, was an object of great curiosity. The Odd Fellows, the Foresters, and the other mysterious bodies which followed in the wake of the Cymri were strong in numbers, but the procession was swollen out to the great length it attained by the numbers of school children, and members of the Band of Hope, who attended. The centre of attraction was, however, the water- men's boat. The watermen of the Upper Yarra, not to be behindhand in their manifes- tation of loyalty, mounted one of their skiffs upon a waggon frame furnished by Mr. Morly of Sandridge, rigged it with a mast, de- corated it gaily with flags and flowers, and harnessed six grey horses to it. In the bows a jovial sculler, dressed to personate Neptune, was seated ; and his flowing looks and his trident tickled the fancy of the multitude vastly. There were six watermen stationed about the skiff, with oars in their hands ; and three more rode upon the horses. At every turn the tars obtained applause. Several of the banners displayed in the pro- cession bore additional decorations, comme- morative of the event which was being celebrated : and, in particular, the Carlton Band of Hope banner was tastefully decked with an upper construction of flowers and evergreens, portraits of the "happy couple" surmounting the whole. The ori- ginal intention was that the procession should proceed via Spring-street, Bourke- street, Queen-street, Collins street, and Swanston- street, to the Government- house reserve, but a turn was made at once from Bourke-street to Swanston- street, and so a large portion of the route was not traversed. As the procession passed through the decorated streets, it looked very well, but that is all that can be said for it. It was evident again that the rain had, to a great extent, spoilt all. But for this cause, the procession would have been the longest ever seen in Melbourne, and its passage through the town would have caused an outburst of enthusiasm. As it was, the preva- lent feeling was one of surprise that the people should have ventured out. The march was anything but a pleasant journey. The children would have stood a good chance of being washed down the channels of the flooded streets, had there not been plenty of willing hands to help them over. Melbourne streets were muddy enough, but the reserve was completely cut up by the traffic to the tents, and the procession had to struggle through a slushy compound more than ankle deep. There was a great crush at the reserve entrance-gates, but the pretty decorations of the Immigrants' Home attracted the attention of many, and a further portion of the crowd was drawn off by a gratuitous distribution of tickets to the corporation dinners being made. When fairly inside, the mud proved too much for the procession. It had to leave the path and find a new way to the scene of the after- noon's o erations. THE PROCEEDINGS AT THE RESERVES. At Government-house reserve, the domain situated immediately opposite the new Mili- tary Barracks on the St. Kilda-road, the cor- poration had made extensive preparations for the entertainment and amusement of the citi- zens. Nearly in a direct line with the Immi- grants' Home, two large pavilions were erected. The first of these was of unusually extensive dimensions, its floor was boarded, and it was surrounded by an iron fence. This was His Ex- cellency's pavilion, and the second one below was appropriated to the use of the Corporation. Facing them, and forming a semicircle, were sixteen other tents, of all sizes, from marquees capable of accommodating 1,000 people, to the ordinary publican's tent. It was in these that the childron were supplied with refreshments, and that dinners were served to all who chose to apply. His Excellency's pavilion was at first the centre point, as it was understood that the various addresses which had been pre- pared would be presented before anything else was proceeded with. The procession wheeled round the pavilion into place, and the erection was speedily surrounded by all the people on the ground. Inside, the tent was filled with a fashionable company. Many ladies were found to have disregarded the in- conveniences attending outdoor movements, and there were also present members of both Houses of the Legislature, the Dean of Mel- bourne and other ministers of religion, and many volunteer officers and prominent citizens. Messrs. Anderson and McMahon were the only members of the Cabinet in attendance. The Vice-Chancellor of the University of Mel- bourne, the Council, and the professors, and some forty of the graduates and students of the University, were present, and the varied coloured robes worn by these gentlemen quite enlivened the scene. A handsomely carpeted dias had been erected for the accommodation of His Excellency and suite, and an oval was formed in front of it with chairs, upon which the ladies were seated. The arrangement was elegant, but sitting under canvas for an hour, with rain dropping through in all parts, is, no matter under what circumstances, a severe tax upon a person's loyalty. His Excellency arrived at half-past one o'clock, and was enthusiastically welcomed both by the crowd outside and the occupants of the pavilion. He was accompanied by Lieutenant Colonel Carcy and Captain Bancroft. One of the heaviest showers of rain which was felt during the day fell immediately upon his arrival; but the crowd took their soaking good humouredly. and budged not an inch. A guard of honour composed of ninety picked members of the different rifle corps, under Major Pitt, which had been in attendance upon His Excellency, was, however, dismissed. The presentation of the addresses was at once proceeded with. The Mayor of Melbourne, with the members of the City Council who were in attendance, first presented the corporation addresses. The members in attendance were—Aldermen Eades and Keeley, Councillors Wragge, Jones, Bayles, Weedow, Goldsmith, Brown, Harbi- son, Hill, and Thorp. The MAYOR in the first instance presented and read the following address to the Queen :— "To the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty. "May it please your Majesty,— "We, your most dutiful and loyal subjects, the mayor, aldermen councillors, and citi- zens of the City of Melbourne, approach your Majesty with humble assurances of our de- voted attachment to your Royal throne and person. "We beg to offer our heartiest congratula- tions upon the happy marriage of your Majesty's eldest son, His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to the Princess Alexandra of Denmark—a union hailed with delight through all your Majesty's dominions, and from its origin and circumstances certain, with the blessing of Almighty God, to even- tuate in pure and lasting happiness to the august Prince and Princess, and in continued prosperity and peace to the empire. "Deeply sensible of all the blessings en- joyed by us and our fellow- subjects through- out the world under your Majesty's benign and exemplary sway, we pray that your Majesty's auspicious reign may long endure, and that a many-jewelled crown of children's children may be added to the Royal diadem, around which your Majesty has wreathed its brightest ornament—the grateful affection of your people." The MAYOR presented the following address to the Prince of Wales :— "To His Royal Highness Albert Edward, Prince of Wales. "May it please your Royal Highness,— "We, the mayor, aldermen, councillors, and citizens of the City of Melbourne, respectfully beg to offer to your Royal Highness our humble congratulations upon your Royal Highness's auspicious marriage, and to express our earnest hopes and wishes that your union with the fair and august lady the Princess Alexandra of Denmark may be attended with every blessing, and with, all the happiness and joy which Divine Providence can bestow." The MAYOR next presented the following address to the Princess of Wales :— "To Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales. "May it please your Royal Highness, "We, the mayor, aldermen, councillors, and citizens of the City of Melbourne, respectfully beg to offer to your Royal Highness our humble congratulations on the auspicious occasion of your marriage. "Partakers of the universal joy which the happy event has diffused amongst the British people, we desire to utter our acclamations of welcome to your Royal Highness, and our sincerest prayers and wishes, that, with your princely consort, the heir to the sovereignty of these realms, you may enjoy perfect felicity, and every blessing." His EXCELLENCY said.—Mr. Mayor and gentlemen,—As Her Majesty's representative in this province, I receive with the highest pleasure these addresses from the corporation and citizens of Melbourne, and I will take care that they are laid, as you desire, before the Throne. I feel that this expression of your good wishes cannot but be gratifying to the Prince and Princess of Wales, and that this fresh proof of your loyalty cannot but be ac- ceptable to the Queen. (Cheers.) THE CALEDONIAN SOCIETY. A deputation from the Caledonian Society was then introduced:— Mr. J. S. BUTTERS said the members of the Highland Society felt great pleasure in present- ing the address. The Prince of Wales was a warm friend to Scotland, and it was but right that the Scotchmen of the colony should offer their congratulations upon the auspicious event which had taken place. He read the following address (written in Gaelic, by Mr. Angus MacIntyre), which was magnificently illuminated :— "To His Royal Highness Albert Edward, Princo of Wales, Duke of Rothsay, Baron Renfrew, Earl of Carrick, and Lord of the Isles. "We, the president, vice-president, and directors of the Caledonian Society of Vic- toria, as loyal and dutiful subjects, humbly beg to tender our most heartfelt congratula- tions on the auspicious occasion of the union of your Royal Highness with the illustrious House of Denmark, and to record our most earnest prayer that a kind and beneficent Providence may unceasingly protect and bless our hope—the hope of the nation. "Signed on behalf of the members of the society. "A. McMILLAN, President, &c.;" His EXCELLENCY said,—I shall feel great satisfaction in transmitting this beautiful and loyal address to His Royal Highness. I will also take care that it is accompanied by the version you were kind enough to send me in the language of the ancient Gaels. Though His Royal Highness adds to his other titles those of Duke of Rothsay, Baron Ren- frew, Earl of Carrick, and Lord of the Isles, and athough he has spent a con- siderable time in Scotland, yet he may not be able to read this version, and I will there- fore see that the English translation is sent at the same time. (Cheers and laughter.) Mr. A. C. McDOUGALL then read the Gaelic version of the address, to which His Excel- lency had referred. THE CAMBRIAN SOCIETY. A deputation from this society, consisting of Messrs. B. G. Davies, J. Davies, and J. B. Humffray, M.L.A's, and Messrs. Miles and Collier, was next introduced. Mr. B. G. DAVIES read the address. "To His Royal Highness Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, Tywysog Cymri. "May it please your Royal Highness,— "We, the president, the vice-president, and other members of the Cymreigyddion Society of Melbourne, in unison with all classes of our loyal Cambrian brethren resident in Vic- toria, Australia, respectfully desire to offer our most heartfelt congratulations to your Royal Highness, the dutiful son of an illus- trious mother, our beloved Queen, on your happy marriage with Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra of Denmark. "We also venture emphatically to hail and address your Royal Highness as 'Our own Prince,' the Prince of Wales. "Although now far from our own dear native land, we cannot but feel that our best and warmest affections are there placed, and we would venture most humbly but firmly to express our hope that our land—'the Proud Land' from which your Royal Highness takes your first exalted title—may have fre- quent opportunities of seeing your Royal Highness, as we feel assured that the more your Royal Highness is acquainted with our land the more you will appreciate and enter into the feelings of its people. "With the brilliant examples of virtue set before you by your Royal and illustrious parents, we predict the same happiness in your union that was enjoyed by your illus- trious and Royal parents. And that the blessing of the Almighty God may attend your Royal Highness and your illustrious wife will be the constant prayer, Or holl Cymry.' " "Signed on behalf of the Cambrian inhabi- tants of Victoria. "THOMAS MILES, &c.;" HIS EXCELLENCY said,—Upon such an occa- sion it would have been an omission, indeed, if the loyal Cambrians resident in Victoria had neglected to present an address to their Prince. The address shall be transmitted to His Royal Highness, who will no doubt re- ceive it with pleasure. THE VICTORIAN BAND OF HOPE. A deputation from the Victorian Band of Hope was then introduced. Mr. R. HEALES, M.L.A., read the address. "To His Excellency Sir H. Barkly, &c.; "We, the member, of the Victorian Band of Hope Union, desire to approach your Ex- cellency as the representative of our beloved sovereign Queen Victoria, and testify our loyalty and attachment to Her Majesty's per- son and throne. "We join with all ranks of Her Majesty sub- jects in sincere congratulation upon the most auspicious marriage of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and the Princess Alex- andra of Denmark. We devoutly wish long life and happiness to the young Royal pair, and pray that the 'Hope of England' and the 'Rose of Denmark' may worthily copy the example of our beloved Queen and Albert the Good. "We beg to inform your Excellency that the Victorian Band of Hope Union numbers more than 2000 juvenile total abstainers, each of whom heartily prays God save the Queen, and long life and happiness to Albert Edward and Alexandra. "We respectfully request that your Excel- lency will be pleased to transmit this address to their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales." His EXCELLENCY replied,—I thank you, gentlemen, for the loyal address you have presented me with. I will take care that the loyal sentiments of the Victorian Band of Hope are made known to His Royal Highness, and I feel confident he will be deeply inte- rested in learning the progress the society has made. (Cheers.) THE WORKING MEN OF MELBOURNE. The next deputation was one appointed by the Working Men of Melbourne. Mr. J. SELLERY read the address, which stated— "We, the working-men of the city of Melbourne and its vicinity, in the colony of Victoria, being devotedly attached to your Royal Highness, as the heir-apparent to the British throne, most respectfully tender our sincere congratulations on the marriage of your Royal Highness with the Princess of Denmark." The other passages of the address were of some length. His EXCELLENCY said,—I can assure the working men of Melbourne, through you, that their address shall be duly transmitted to the Prince of Wales. I think I may ven- ture to assure you in his name, that among the multitude of addresses which will reach him upon this auspicious occasion, there is not one he will look upon with feelings of more entire satisfaction than this one, con- taining the sentiments of the working men of Melbourne. (Loud cheers.) Congratulatory Oddfellows' and Foresters' addresses were also presented, and received in a suitable manner. ODES. Two odes were presented to His Excel- lency,—the first, composed by Mr. J. F. Blanche, of Tullamarine, is designated a "Colonial National Anthem." It is of seven verses, the following being the third and fourth :— The Prince and Princess bless ! God grant them happiness ; Their safeguard be, God of the land and sea ! Oh, may they ever be,— The Royal Family— Preserved by Thee. God bless our Governor ! Thy blessing evermore On him remain. Our Legislators, too,— May they e'er keep in view, In all they say or do, Their country's gain. The following is the second ode. It is written by "Cora Lynne :"— THE ROYAL MARRIAGE. The Prince, who stands our throne beside, To fairest bower hath brought his bride, The people's loving heart thrown wide. Short time since, in their morning skies, Did this new star of love arise, Long be it ere its radiance dies. Noble in heart and pure in life, Through joy or woe, through peace or strife, As Albert's mother, be his wife. And worthy branch of noble tree, May Albert Edward prove to thee ; As the "Good Albert" was, be he. The original intention was, that the Na- tional Anthem should be sung and a royal salute fired before the procession broke up, but this part of the programme was aban- doned, as the rain continued to fall, and it was not thought desirable to keep the visitors longer than was necessary. His EXCELLENCY announced that the pro- ceedings had terminated. He said—I regre exceedingly that our rejoicings have been in- terfered with to so great an extent by th inclemency of the weather. Still, postpone- ments are always dangerous, and I think the Mayor has, upon the whole, taken a prudent course in deciding that the loyal demonstra- tion prepared for the occasion shall be pro- ceeded with. Before dispersing, I will ask you to give three cheers for Her Majesty the Queen, and three cheers for the Prince and Princess of Wales. The cheers were heartily given, and also three cheers for the Governor, and three for the Mayor. A large and handsome wedding cake was then placed before His Excellency. His EXCELLENCY, before proceeding to cut the same, remarked that he ought to have being accompanied by Lady Barkly, but she, being subject to severe attacks of neuralgia, was unable to venture out upon so stormy a day. On her behalf, he expressed the regret she felt at her not being able to attend. Three cheers for Lady Barkly were then given. The cake was next distributed among the visitors, refreshments were partaken of, and shortly afterwards His Excellency took his departure. Immediately upon this, the corporation dinner was served in the marquees, and re- freshments were given to the school children. Altogether accommodation was provided for 6,000 persons, and no less than 1,200 children sat down. The proceedings were of a free and easy order, and the meal was in every instance, more or less, of a scramble. There was a good deal of grumbling, both as to the quality and quantity of the refresh- ments, but whether it was just or not it would be hard to say. Although the afternoon cleared up, the ground was in such a state that it was impossible to carry on the sports which had been announced to take place, and these were accordingly postponed sine die. The Caledonian Society attempted to get up some Highland dancing on the platform, but only succeeded indifferently well. Dancing was commenced in the Governor's pavilion, but the company became gradually too large for the erection, and as the band returned to town about four o'clock, this amusement had then to be discontinued. Until dusk, such games as "Kiss in the ring" were actively maintained by the younger and the more frolicsome, but gradually the crowd dispersed, and by six o'clock there were not fifty persons on the ground. At one time there were not less than seven thousand per- sons present. Nothing occurred at the reserve until ten o'clock at night, when a display of fireworks, took place from the crown of the hill, over- looking Melbourne. The signal discharge was of three purple rockets, and by arrange- ment it was immediately answered by a simul- taneous discharge of rockets and blue lights from Hobson's Bay, from St. Kilda, Rich- mond, and North Melbourne, and, in fact, from all the districts round the city. The display at the Government reserve was ample, even though it included no novelties. There were an abundance of rockets, Roman candles, &c.;, and one pretty device, "England's hope," with "A. A.," and an ornamental border. The effect of the display from the very good, the commanding position of the site enabling it to be seen to great advan- tage. Viewed from the height, the town pre- sented a noble spectacle. It was literally a glowing mass of light, illuminating the horizon for miles round. THE VOLUNTEERS. Before the sun had overcome the gloom of the morning and before a tithe of the citi- zens were on the stir, the reveille was sound- ing through the streets of Melbourne and the suburbs, calling the volunteers to arms. At this time—seven o'clock—the rain was falling heavily, and the volunteers who did brave the inclemency of the weather were certainly to be commiserated and applauded. Had the morning been fine there would have been an extraordinary attendance, for in some in- stances as many as sixty men out of seventy had sent in their names as sure to be on parade. The wet was, of course, a sore discouragement, for it must be acknowledged that the thorough soaking which all who turned out were assured of was a most un- pleasant way of commencing a holiday. The companies were ordered to be on the ground fronting the Prince's-bridge Barracks at eight o'clock—this early hour being named in order to liberate the men in time to take part in the festivities of the day in their civic capacities. Accordingly, about that time the silence of the town was broken by the march of the different companies from the various suburbs, and by half-past eight nearly 600 men were assembled at the rendezvous. Bri- gadier-General Chute, the new commander-in- chief of Her Majesty's forces in the Australian colonies, was on the ground, and also Lieut. Col. Carey. The battalion of Rifles and En- gineers were under Lieut.-Col. Scratchley, the north battalion of Rifles was under Captain Radcliffe, and the south under Captain Krone ; and the force was under Colonel Anderson, with whom were Major Pitt, Major Hall, Captain Snee, Captain Scott, and Captain Learmonth, of the Portland Rifles. The Naval Brigade, the Cavalry corps, and the Williamstown, Pentridge, and Brighton Rifle companies were not or- dered to parade, so that, in spite of the weather, the attendance of the force could not be called small. There was no crowd to cheer the men while performing their self-imposed duty in the wet and cold ; but their conduct will doubtless not be forgotten, and will earn them plaudits upon future occasions. The men each wore a white rosette on the left breast, and two companies, the Collingwood and Fitzroy, carried tasteful little bouquets on the muzzles of their rifles. The effect this ar- rangement produced was very pretty, and made the Collingwood men at once masters of the situation. As the rain continued to fall hea- vily, no time was lost in superfluous manou- vres. Line was at once formed, the ground occupied being the St. Kilda-road, imme- diately in front of the new barracks, and a feu-de-joie was fired. There were seven pieces of artillery on the ground, and when the fire had rolled from the right to the left of the line these were fired, and the bands played the bars of the National Anthem. This exe- cuted three times completed the feu-de-joie. The troops were then formed into fours, and marched past the brigadier-general, and were immediately afterwards ordered to town. On the road, however, a guard of honour was told off to receive His Excel- lency on the Government house reserve. The guard consisted of eight picked men, with a sergeant, from ten different corps. On ar- riving at Flinders-street, the order was given to march to the private parade-grounds, and the general parade terminated. The Colling- wood and Carlton bands were on the ground, together with the general volunteer drum and fife band. The full strength of the latter was not, however, put forth, nor were the lads in their new uniform. The following return will show to which companies the most honour is due for braving the inconveniences of the weather in discharge of their loyal duty :— Officers. Non-commissioned Officers. Rank and File. Staff .. .. .. .. 6 13 0 R. V. V. Artillery .. .. 4 11 65 Volunteer Engineers .. .. 3 1 11 North Melbourne .. .. 1 4 44 West Melbourne .. .. 0 1 4 Fitzroy .. .. .. 1 4 24 East Collingwood .. .. 0 3 48 Collingwood .. .. .. 2 5 57 Carlton .. .. .. 1 3 65 Emerald Hill .. .. 1 1 23 Richmond .. .. .. 1 4 25 Hawthorn and Kew .. .. 2 2 23 St Kilda .. .. .. 1 2 28 Melbourne Proper .. .. 1 2 18 Prahran and South Yarra .. 0 1 19 General band .. .. — — 40 Totals .. .. .. 24 57 494 Grand total .. .. .. .. .. 575 A number of salutes were fired by the Volun- teer Artillery during the day. A detachment of the Royal Artillery, under Lieutenant Grub, fired a Royal salute at the Sandridge bat- teries, at half-past seven in the morning. BOAT-RACING ON THE YARRA. Because of the weather, the promised boat- races were adjourned till a future day—pro- bably Thursday next. The boat-houses at Prince's-bridge were all elegantly decorated, especially those belonging to Mr. J. Edwards which were festooned with wreaths of flowers, and ornamented with the Royal initials worked in winter roses and other plants, very tastefully arranged. MR. HORSLEY'S CONCERT. The company present at Mr. Horsley's con- cert, which took place at St. George's Hall, at two p.m., numbered between 200 and 300. The programme contained a charming selection of vocal and instrumental music, and the en- tertainment went off most successfully, not- withstanding that both performers and au- dience were subjected to annoyance from the explosion of crackers and other combustibles which, despite the injunctions of his wor- ship the mayor, the gamins of Mel- bourne would persist in letting off in the public streets. The programme included appropriately enough, Brinley Richards's song and chorus, "God Bless the Prince of Wales," the solo part being undertaken by Miss B. Watson ; and a pianoforte perform- ance, by Mr. Horsley, founded on patriotic airs. Both were received with loud plaudits. The gem of the afternoon, however, was the song from Lurline, "Sweet spirit, hear my prayer," by Miss Octavia Hamilton, with flute obligato by Mr. Siede. Fantasias were per- formed on the violin and the oboe—the former by Mr. Strebinger, the latter by Mr. Schott. Among the other performers were Miss H. Watson, Mr. Spensley, Mr. T. J. Jackman, and Mr. E. Exon. Mr. Horsley presided at the pianoforte. THE GOVERNOR'S BANQUET. The banquet given by His Excellency the Governor took place at six o'clock p.m., at the Exhibition-building. About 200 gentle- men were present, and, by judicious manage- ment, an area sufficient to accommodate pre- cisely that number was enclosed to form the salle-à-manger. Around this enclosure flags of all nations were disposed. A gallery was erected in front of the organ, and here, during dinner, Johnson's band was stationed. Here, also, were displayed the initials "A. A.," and the Prince of Wales's plume in gas jets. Six tables were arranged for the accommodation of the company. At the cross-table sat His Excel- lency, supported on the right by Brigadier-Gene- lal Chute, Dean Macartney, the Minister of Finance, the Minister of Justice, the Minister of Lands, Mr. F. A. Powlett, Mr. H. S. Chapman, the Hon. T. H. Fel- lows, the Hon. H. Miller, Mr. J. M. Grant, and Mr. J. H. Brooke. On the left of His Ex- cellency were the Chief Justice, Sir W. F. Stawell ; the Chief Secretary, the Minister of Railways, the Minister of Customs, Captain Van Rees, Sir J. F. Palmer, the Vice-Chan- cellor of Melbourne University, Mr. A. F. A. Greeves, Mr. J. McCulloch, and Mr. G. Harker, The other tables were occupied by members of both Houses of Parliament, members of the municipal and consular bodies, representatives of the Army, Navy, and Volunteers, and the permanent heads of the Government depart- ments. Every guest exhibited a wedding ro- sette. His Excellency wore the vice-regal uniform, and the decorations of a K.C.B., and also a rosette from which depended portraits of the Prince and Princess of Wales. The table adornments were most appropriate. Several of the centrepieces held flags bearing the Prince of Wales's plume. A fine selection of music was performed during dinner by John- son's band. At the close of the repast grace was said by Dean Macartney, after which a march, composed in honour of the occasion by Mr. C. E. Horsley, was performed. His EXCELLENCY then proposed the health of Her Majesty the Queen. He observed that a very few words, as he knew from experience, would suffice to ensure for the first toast on the list an enthusiastic reception even on the most ordinary occasion. On this occa- sion, however, he felt it his duty to connect the toast with the event which they were met to commemorate. He need not remind the company of the deep debt of gratitude which the English nation owed to the Queen for the example which she had set, both in public and private life, and for the anxious solicitude which she had displayed in endeavouring to qualify the Prince of Wales for the high sta- tion which he was destined to fill. It seemed but the other day that they were engaged in similar rejoicings on the entrance of Queen Victoria herself into public life—first of all at her coronation, and then at her marriage. How entirely she had realized all the high aspirations which were then formed of her future conduct—how admirably she had fulfilled her duties, both as sove- reign and wife — need not be told in any assemblage of British subjects. (Ap- plause.) Never was there a sovereign who more richly deserved the affection, not to say the reverence, of her people. Never was there a people who more thoroughly identified themselves with the interests, the domestic concerns, and the feelings of the Throne. (Renewed applause.) It was this which gave so peculiar an interest to the event of the day. They all knew that a crushing sorrow had fallen on the Queen while yet even in the bloom of womanhood—that a cloud loomed over her pathway which threa- tened to render the rest of her existence dreary and dark. It was for that cause that they hailed with joy any event which seemed likely to cheer and alleviate her sorrow. (Hear, hear.) Might the filial piety of the Prince of Wales replace in some degree the loss of one who, whilst he arro- gated to himself no higher titles than tutor to the Royal children, and private secretary to the Queen, was a never-failing, watchful, at- tentive, and valuable assistant to Her Majesty in the conduct of public business. Let them fervently pray that, thus supported by her son, and encouraged by the loyal attachment and deep sympathy of her people, Her Majesty might be induced to persevere in that path of duty and labour which, under God's blessing, she had hitherto so steadfastly pursued. (Applause.) The national anthem was here sung by members of the Philharmonic Society. His EXCELLENCY, in proposing the next toast, observed that it was once said, in illus- tration of the vastness and power of the British Empire, that the drums and fifes of its soldiery could be heard from post to post round the entire circuit of the globe ; but a more striking proof of its real greatness was afforded, to his mind, in the world-wide re- joicings which had taken place on the occa- sion of the marriage of the heir-apparent— rejoicings, the last echo of which would not be borne home from the antipodes until the earth had run very nearly half her orbit! (Hear.) What stronger evidence of the strength of those ties which knit the em- pire together could be given than the genuine spontaneous enthusiasm which the people of Victoria had that day shown in celebration of the auspicious event. They had shown lite- rally that the ardour of their loyalty could not be damped by any cucumstance what- ever. (Laughter, and "Hear, hear.") They had shown that, without any of the stimulus which the loyalty of their fellow-countrymen at home received from the actual presence of the Prince and Princess, from all the pomp and pageantry of the Royal procession—not- withstanding that few of the people of Vic- toria had seen their future monarch, and fewer still could expect to see his bride— they could enter heart and soul into the celebration of an event which was full of importance for the future destinies of the whole empire. The British nation were not animated by any mere exuberance of loyal feeling on this occasion. They had substantial ground for their rejoicings. They were justified—if ever a people were justified —in taking on trust the son of Albert and Victoria the Good. (Great applause.) By forming a marriage of affection at so early an age, the Prince of Wales had given hostage that he would pursue a pure and virtuous life, and that he would tread in the footsteps of his revered parent. Of the Royal bride it would be enough to say that she was the free choice of the Prince of Wales, and that she was in every way worthy of so exalted an alliance. Not only was she beautiful and accomplished, but in her veins were mingled the purest strains of Teutonic and Scandi- navian blood. That, however, was the time, not of talking of national differences, but of sinking them ; because—to use the words of the Poet Laureate— "Saxon, or Dane, or Norman, we Teuton, or Celt, or whatever we be, We are, each, all, Danes in our welcome of thee, Alexandra." (Great applause.) His Excellency said he would ask the company, without more ado, to drink to the health of the Prince and Princess of Wales. (Renewed applause.) The band having performed the Danish national anthem, the following ode, by Mr. E. Exon (set to music by Herr Elsasser), was performed by members of the Philharmonic Society :— (Opening Chorus.) The world attends to mark a joyous scene, And hear a people of the proudest name, With solemn joy from heart to heart proclaim, God hath made one our future King and Queen. (Recitative—Soprano.) Oh, Sovereign of the World draw nigh ! For them to Thee thy children cry. (Air—Soprano.) Do thou their guide and guardian prove ; Pour out for them in ceaseless springs, The blessings of a people's love, The favour of the King of Kings. To him, with royalty of place, Give royalty of soul, that he May worthy of his lofty race And of his princely father be. On her as great a boon bestow ; May she as much our love command, As the good Queen, whose namo we know A household word, throughout the land. (Quartette.) Peace—an unsetting sun, attend them ; Joys at their feet like rivers flow ; All powers of Heav'nly good befriend them. And if they must some sorrow know, Then, on "our most religious" throne May God's own strength, in faith, be shown. (Concluding Chorus. As crystal at the touch of light imparts Returning brightness,—so from loyal hearts Now may their bliss in wide reflections shine, And in the Nation's joy be understood, The love which England bears the Royal line. Of Albert and Victoria the Good. ' The DANISH CONSUL (Mr. J. B. Were) asked for "one cheer more," in honour of the "Pearl of Scandinavia," and the appeal was promptly responded to. His EXCELLENCY observed that he was honoured by the presence of the representa- tives of all the great powers with which the British nation was in alliance, and therefore he had much pleasure in proposing that the company should drink to the health of Her Majesty's Allies. Time was, perhaps not long ago, when some of those representatives would not have felt at liberty to join in their festivities ; and it was gratifying to know that the recent Royal alliance was a matter of the heart, and not a matter of dynastic aggrandisement or statecraft. He was pleased to state that there were present at the banquet, not only the members of the consular body, but a spe- cial representative of a close and most trusty ally, in the person of Captain Van Rees and also the officers of His Dutch Majesty's ship Djambi. He considered that they were much indebted to the Dutch for their maritime researches in tracing the coast of this conti- nent centuries ago—researches which led so materially to the colonization of Australia at a subsequent period.The continent no longer retained the name which the Dutch naturally gave to it, but the efforts made by successive Governors of Batavia to secure to navigators under their orders the distinctions to which they were so well entitled were preserved in the names of Carpentaria, Arnheim's Land, De Witt's Land, and Tasmania. At all events, the company would admit that the Dutch flag deserved at the hands of the people of Australia a most cordial and friendly wel- come. (Great applause.) "Captain VAN REES acknowledged the toast, and in so doing took the opportunity of re- turning thanks for the hospitality which he and his officers had received in Victoria. He had much pleasure in wishing prosperity to England and England's colonies. (Ap- plause.) His EXCELLENCY proposed, as the next toast, "The Army, the Navy, and the Volunteers of Victoria." On the claims of the army and navy to the admiration and gratitude of every good citizen it was quite unnecessary for him to enlarge; and with regard to the volunteers of Victoria he would only say that, although they might at present, like all domestic insti- tutions, be exposed to criticism, they would be looked upon by their fellow-citizens with widely different feelings in the hour of real danger. (Hear, hear.) He felt confident that if that hour should ever come, the volunteers would prove a most valuable auxiliary to the small body of regular troops in the colony. (Cheers.) With the first portion of the toast he would couple the name of the gallant officer who had lately arrived in Victoria to assume the command of Her Majesty's forces in Australia, after a long career of service in all parts of the globe. (Cheers.) Brigadier-General CHUTE, in returning thanks for the army, expressed his acknow- ledgements for the reception which he had already experienced in the colony, and his high sense of the efficiency of the volunteers as manifested at the parade that morning. Indeed, he said, he had never seen corps acquit themselves more creditably. (Applause.) Captain KAY, in responding for the navy, reminded the company that the service to which he belonged had always been in the van of everything which conduced to the honour, glory, and integrity of the British Empire. (Hear, hear.) He did not desire to undervalue the achievements of the gal- lant Dutch navigators to whom His Excellency had alluded; but he would remind the com- pany that it was owing to the enterprise of James Cook and Matthew Flinders that Eng- land obtained the geographical knowledge which ultimately led to the foundation of these magnificent Australian colonies. (Ap- plause.) Lieut.-Colonel CHAMP said he had been in- formed by Colonal Anderson that he was the senior volunteer officer in the room, and therefore he begged to return thanks for that branch of the service. A great deal had been said and written lately about the falling-off in the strength of the volunteer force. He be- lieved there had been a falling off in num- bers, but he ventured to assert that there had been no falling-off in zeal, or in devotion, on the part of the volunteers, to their adopted country. (Hear, hear.) His EXCELLENCY next proposed "The Par- liament of Victoria," remarking that that body had ever been prompt to suggest and encourage loyal demonstrations on the part of the people. As Her Majesty's represen- tative in Victoria, he had always found both Houses sincerely desirous to uphold the dig- nity of the Crown, and, while mindful of their own privileges, to respect the prerogative. (Applause.) Sir J. F. PALMER returned thanks on behalf of the legislative Council. He strongly re- commended an adherence on the part of the colony to the institutions of the mother country, which institutions, he observed, had attained a splendour unequalled in the civi- lized world. Mr. O'SHANASSY, in acknowledging the com- pliment on behalf of the Legislative Assembly, expressed his confidence that the spirit which animated the men who initiated self govern- ment in Australia would continue to animate the representative body of Victoria in all time to come. With regard to the happy event which they were met to celebrate, he might observe that there was one circunstance which nations unacquainted with the form of government which they upheld might regard with surprise. Those nations might say—"How can a central power, like Eng- land, confer similar institutions to those which she possesses on her children, scattered over every portion of the globe?" It might be a matter of surprise to them, but Australian people knew full well that this policy of the British Government, instead of weakening the central authority, only added to its strength. He believed that the members of the Legislature of this colony, while insisting upon the right of Government, would always be ready to lay down their lives in support of the Throne. (Applause). His EXCELLENCY then gave, as the final toast, "The health of the Mayor and Corpora- tion of Melbourne," observing that they had taken a leading part in the arrangements for the successful demonstration that day, and that to them the citizens were greatly in- debted. The MAYOR, in replying to the compliment, expressed his undoubted confidence in the loyalty of the citizens of Melbourne, and his admiration of British institutions. The National Anthem was then performed, after which three cheers were given for the Governor, and the company separated. NIGHT ASPECT OF THE CITY. As soon as the shades of evening fell the process of lighting-up commenced. Unfor- tunately, the wind at the time gathered strength, and it was early seen that those portions of the illumination on which most money had been spent, and of which the highest anticipations were entertained—the designs in gas—would be a failure. Again and again the torch was applied to perverse lines of gas, lighting up for an instant the wavy out- line of a Prince of Wales' feather, or making brilliant for a moment the initial letter of the Princess's name. The wind, however, was strong, or the pressure of gas weak, and the churlish breeze prevailed. Up to a late hour the elaborate design in front of the Treasury remained unlit—The Argus office was almost equally dark—and the really beautiful pic- ture in gas, with its loyal mottoes, built up in front of the Town-hall, refused to exhibit itself in all its splendour. The same fate overtook the unique and pretty design which crowned the top of the Union Bank, and the same cause spoiled the effect of the beautiful initial letters in front of the Bank of Australasia, as well as the illuminations of the Bank of New South Wales and the Bank of Victoria. All along the lighted lines of street the same sore defect was visible. But the transparencies came out in all the greater force; and the rows of candles in some of the windows acquired additional lustre. In not a few instances those who re- sorted to that more primitive means of illu- mination displayed considerable taste in the arrangement of the lights, and so introduced a variety which lent an additional charm to the whole. It would be in bad taste to be critical over the transparencies, of which there were a very large number. Some of them, it must be admitted, were dreadful daubs, but the allegorical design by Mr. Chevalier for the London Chartered Bank, "Britannia's Welcome" at Bignell's Hotel, the coats of arms in front of the Melbourne Gas Company's offices, and a painting illustrative of the pas- sage of the Princess across the sea, in Collins- street west, were sources of great interest to the crowds who thronged the streets. So was the finely-painted transparency in front of the Union Bank, which had only one defect. The artist had introduced into the shield the bar sinister, in place of the bar dexter, and thus threw an undeserved slur on the descent of the Prince of Wales ! From the earliest hour of darkness, crowds of men, women, and children poured into the main streets. Family groups were numerous, and the number and variety of the objects of interest rendered locomotion almost impossible. Carriages, well filled with ladies and children, came into town early in the evening, and cabs without number were pressed into the service. As fire-crackers were flying about in vast numbers, apprehensions were felt that acci- dents or collisions would occur at the crossing of the streets. The mounted police, however, made their appearance about six o'clock, and effectively enforced the regulations for the evening, by which vehicles were confined to certain lines and a sober pace, thus rendering accident almost impos- sible. About eight o'clock the scene had be- come highly picturesque. Seen from the higher parts of the town, a halo of light, thrown up against black clouds, hung over the city. The streets, stretching out in parallel or crossing lines, were like so many bars of fire, canopied with banners, the great light making the various colours of the flags easily distinguishable. Ever and again sudden flashes of red and blue fire would light up with great bril- liancy some corner of a street ; rockets flew up into the thick darkness above, to descend in balls and streams of coloured fire ; and an in- cessant discharge of Chinese fire-crackers and squibs maintained a noise like that of an army of infantry hotly engaged. From the top of the Melbourne Club house the lime-light was displayed (with no great success, it must be con- fessed). It was followed, however, by effective coloured lights. At various points of Collins- street and towards Lonsdale-street west, balls of blue fire were burned. At this moment, while thousands were concentrated at the junction of Swanston and Collins streets, the gaily-de- corated wherry that had formed so impor- tant a part of the forenoon's procession, was drawn through the crowded streets by a party of men. All its colours were dis- played, its picturesquely-dressed crew were at their posts, and its passage was the signal for great cheering. As it drew up for a moment opposite the Town-hall, the crew gave three hearty cheers for the Queen, and the Prince and Princess of Wales —cheers which were freely and heartily re- sponded to by the crowd. Shortly before this incident, the passage of a company of the 40th regiment, with drums and fifes playing, and bayonets glittering in the light, to and from the Exhibition Building, where they formed a guard of honour for His Excellency, had added a new and peculiar interest to the scene. As the hour grew later, and the starsi shone out, the picture seemed to grow in in- terest. The church bells rang merry peals. Looked at from the house-tops, a broad black band seemed to circlethe city—all the darker for the light within it. Far on the horizon the light of huge bonfires could be de- tected. The monster bonfire on Mount Ma- cedon was distinctly visible, and the nearer bonfires, kindled by the suburban munici- palities, and the huge fire in the Go- vernment reserve, seemed like a setting of fire round the city. From nine o'clock until midnight was the most successful portion of the demonstration as regards the illumina- tions. At that hour the breeze gave way, and a calm succeeded, broken only by occa- sional breaths of gentle wind. This enabled the Houses of Parliament to be lighted up with fine effect. The design was sim- ple, it was merely a crown, over the initials of the Prince and Princess of Wales, but crown and letters were on an equally gigantic scale. The Treasury illumi- nations were less successful. There an attempt had been made to show the architec- tural lines of the building, and had it suc- ceeded the effect would have been grand. Never more than a fourth part of the building could be illuminated at one time, and the effect, consequently, was anything but satis- factory. It was only now that The Argus illu- minations could be displayed, and when the full effect of the design was seen in fire, it was pronounced effective. Now, also, the elaborate illuminations of the banks could be shown for the first time, and those who remained till a late hour were doubly gratified. Now, also, the line of Swanston-street became an object of great attraction, the design which covered the Town-hall receiving something like jus- tice, and the long row of light on the opposite side having a peculiarly pleasing effect. Now, also, Bourke-street began to rival its ambi- tious neighbour, the pretty illuminations of the Cafe de Paris, the unique attempt made by Madame Sohier—who exhibited wax models of the Prince and Princess, set in frames of gas—the charming display made by the Alhambra, which seemed to be a mass of parti-coloured Chinese lanterns, and the fine, illuminations of the Albion, all showing out brilliantly. At ten o'clock a vast shower of rockets was sent up from the re- serve. It was answered from all points of the compass, and with it the glories of the demon- stration culminated. From that hour till twelve o'clock the lights blazed, and the mirth of the streets proceeded. At midnight the signal went forth, and speedily the city was in comparative darkness. And so closed one of the most memorable days in the history of Melbourne, and one of the grandest scenes ever witnessed on this side of the world. The following is a detailed account of the more noticeable illuminations and decora- tions :— COLLINS STEEET. Few, indeed, would venturo to deny that this street, the locale of so many of our banks and public institutions, was the principal point of attraction yesterday evening—a qua- lity it deserved to possess because of the vast number and excellence of its illuminations. Shortly after six p.m., these were lighted up, and then the street began to be crowded, not only on the footpaths, for the roadway was also blocked by a mass of people, through whom threaded a continual line of cars. Had the place been dark, accidents must have been numerous, whatsoever care was taken ; but as the street was from end to end nearly one blaze of light, the danger was avoided. During the early portion of the evening, the high wind militated terribly against the success of the devices in gas- light ; but, shortly after nine o'clock, the wea- ther moderated, and the designs, which could hardly be traced before, became visible in burning characters. It will suit our description to begin at the lower end of the street, and thus we ask our readers to follow us in going upwards from the railway station. The first illumination that struck the attention was that of Clough and Co.'s wool warehouse, and it was of a most extensive character. A line of light was carried along the front of the building, forming a sort of arch in the centre, which half encircled the Prince's feathers and the initials "A. A." On each side was a crown, and the whole was sur- rounded with a star. Opposite Mr. S. P. Loid's premises were lit up with variegated lamps, forming stars and a crown. The United States Consulate was as dark as the prospects of that country, the only effort at ornamentation being the display of the na- tional flag and a picture of the American eagle, with the now mock motto of "E Pluri- bus Unum" beneath. Scott's Hotel was a blaze of light. Lines of gas were carried round the building, enclosing tho Prince of Wales' feathers, over which was a heart, and a crown above that. The letter "A" was on each side. The bow windows of the lower story were all traced out in gas. Hart and Son had a simple "A.A." and feathers in gas. F. C. Cunningham, the Royal arms in trans- parency ; and W. Bayles and Co., a star, with A." on each side in gas. A handsome trans- parency, showing the flags of England and Denmark, and the motto, "A people's love their best inheritance," was in front of Messrs. Gordon and Gotch's premises; and a nearly similar one, of somewhat less dimensions, was in front of Messrs. Nordt and Heyde's tobacco warehouse. The London and Lancashire Insurance Company's office was almost smothered in green wreaths, which surrounded a line of brilliant gas. The London Chartered Bank had very little gas- light decoration, but in its stead showed a huge transparency, painted by Mr. N. Che- valier, in which Hymen and cupids were seen welcoming the newly-wedded couple, and beneath was the old City of London motto, "Domine dirigo nos." Next came the Bank of Australasia, whose preparations had been so much spoken of. The design was very fine, and consisted of four A.'s, some twelve feet high, with the Prince's feathers above; but, unfortunately, the high wind prevented all this from being seen at once till quite late in the evening. A transparency, containing medallion portraits of the Prince and Princess, was also displayed here. The Union Bank, which had gone to about equal trouble and expense, were scarcely more fortunate. They had adopted a design, made by Mr. Terry, the architect, which was simple and would havo been highly effective if it would havo burnt pro- perly. There were double wavy lines of burners round the first storey, and above there was an heraldic England cum-Denmark transparency, surmounted by a splendid gas star at least ten feet in diameter. Gas flam- beaux, from which hung pennons, were fixed at intervals along the parapet of the roof. The pretty motto in gaslight of "Cor unum," with a star, shone out on Mr. Galvin's hat warehouse ; and nearly opposite, a well painted transparency representing that car- toon in London Punch which depicts the Prince and Princess drawn in a car by the lion and unicorn, was to be seen in front of the Hall of Commerce. Before Messrs. Fergus- son and Mitchell's shop were the Prince's feathers in a transparency, and A. A. with star and crown in gas. Messrs. Sands and McDougall had prepared a very handsome device in gas, which was only partially lit up. "A. E. A.'' was repeated in letters four feet high just above the verandah. This was surmounted by a crown of equal height, over which were the words "The Queen," in letters four feet high. Over Messrs. Blundell and Co.'s book- shop was a gas star and two exceedingly well painted transparency pictures of the widowed Queen and the young couple. The Bank of New South Wales shared the fate of its brethren, and its lines of gaslight, and enormous stars and feathers, with "A. E. A." beneath, were rarely seen together. From this point to a little further up the street, there were no remarkable illuminations, though those of Messrs. Alston and Brown, Mr. Morton (Criterion Hotel), Messrs. S. Thorp and Co., Mr. Bowen, Messrs. Kilpatrick and Co., Messrs. Mowbray, Lush, and Co., and Messrs. Law Brothers, were worth notice as above mediocrity. Over Messrs. Fraser and Cohen's auction rooms, were "A. E. A.," feathers, and "V.R." and crown in large gas characters. At the National Bank, there was a large transparency exhibiting the heraldic shields of England and Denmark, and the Royal initials, with feathers and star, in gas. At this part of the street, the illuminations of Messrs. J. Cockburn, Ste- phens, J. Davies and Co., and Colonial Insurance, though not brilliant, were suffi- ciently handsome. Messrs. P. Langwill and Co. had a fine large medallion, containing feathers and crown, in gas jets. The City of Melbourne Gas and Coke Company contrived to get their gas to burn pretty steadily, which was all the better, because the crown and "V.R." which they exhibited were unusually well constructed. Messrs. Waldron and John- son, at the Clarence Hotel, had a line of gas jets all along their front, which extends both into Elizabeth street and Collins- street, with stars, feathers, initials, and a crown, which made a great show. Mr. P. Thomas's premises were tastefully lit up with coloured paper lanterns, and, together with those of Messrs. Williams and Co., pho- tographic artists ; Mr. Lewis, chemist ; Messrs. Chalk and Price, warehousemen ; Mr. Joseph Clarke ; Messrs. Briscoe and Co., ironmongers ; Mr. D. E. Thomson, furnituremonger ; Messrs. Wilkie and Webster, music sellers ; and Mrs. Finlay, draper, the illuminations were very creditably managed. The Caledonian Society had quite a grand transparency, in which were to be seen Highlanders in the attitude of defending the British and Danish shields, while underneath was a Gaelic motto, as also the old one of "Nemo mo impune lacessit." The Economic Bank was rather economically decorated with a simple transparency, containing little be- yond the Royal initials, the whole looking very poor when compared with the illumina- tions displayed by Messrs. Lightfoot, Brush and Reardon, S. Finlay and Co., and D. Henry. The Bank of Victoria looked splendidly, and the fine architectural details were brought out in bold relief by the light afforded by a large Prince of Wales' feathers, in gas jets, the various filaments of the plumes of which were correctly represented. Between this and Swanston-street the devices were of the old style, though some must have been very ex- pensive. Those of Messrs. Greaves Brothers, R. J. Paling, L. Robinson, J. Carson, McFad- zean and Lambert, Beauchamp and Rocke, Walsh Brothers, W. R. Hill, and Milton and Co, were the best ; but their ideas never went beyond initials, feathers, crowns, and stars, in gas jets. The premises of Messrs. Haigh Brothers, tailors, were handsomely adorned with green and flowers, and the inevitable "A. E. and A.," with star. Mr. W. Powell's retail ironmongery store was very well lighted up with lines and circles of gas, with the Prince's feathers. Damnan and Co., tobacconists, opposite, lit up their place with variegated lamps. In the windows of the Argus Hotel was to be seen simple evidence of how taste supersedes ex- pense, and the arrangement of the candles there with a few flowers and coloured paper, made a brilliant show. Lines of light were carried round our own premises, which also bore the Royal initials and Prince's feathers. At Mr. Norton's, picture-dealer, were six transparencies, representing the Royal couple, the Queen, Prince Alfred, and a few cupids. A large "A. E. & A," with a crown, in gas jets, completed the design. In front of the Mechanics' Institute was a large transparency, in which the Prince and Princess appeared considerably over the size of life, and in blooming condition. Mr. Taylor's Bap- tist Chapel was also decorated with side of lar portraits, placed on each side of the portico. The Rev. I. Hetherington's house was illuminated with lights shining through coloured paper. Mr. G. Wragge, chemist, had a very respectable gas star in the front of his premises. In the garden be- fore the German Association were half a dozen iron ewer-shaped vessels, contain- ing some fluid, which flamed away like oil. The private dwellings of Drs. Campbell and Farrage were both elegantly ornamented with coloured lamps ; and large gas stars and crowns shone from the Crown Law and Audit Offïces, The Melbourne Clubhouse had, saving the Treasury, which is described elsewhere, the best illumination in this part of the town. It consisted of huge Prince's feathers, and a star over the portal. During a portion of the evening, a lime- light was exhibited on the roof. It was a late hour indeed when the illuminations ended, and the streets remained crowded till near mid- night. LITTLE COLLINS-STREET. Though most of the houses in this street were illuminated in some way or other, yet there were but three worth mention here ; they were those of Messrs. Miller and John- ston, between Queen and Elizabeth streets which consisted of the Royal initials, and Prince's feathers of remarkable size and bril- liancy ; of the Derwent and Tamar Insurance Company, which were lit up with variegated lamps; and of Messrs. Joske Brothers, over which was a splendid large star worked out in very fine detail, and backed by a powerful mirror. BOURKE-STREET. This street, usually the most bustling tho- roughfare in the city, but not one remarkable for the order and regularity of its buildings, assumed a majestic aspect, from the extent aud variety of its decorations. From one end to the other, on both sides of the street, there was one continuous succession of flags, ban- ners, flowers, gas devices, and other deco- rations. The fronts of many of the shops were so thickly decked that scarcely an inch of brick or stone work was visible ; while the ornamentation of others was so elaborate and artistic that it made the buildings resemble fairy palaces, rather than marts of merchandize. At the inter- section of Swanston-street, on the east side, no less than three lines of beautiful flags and evergreens were stretched across the road, one above the other, and at the opposite side of the street there was another of a similar character. The scene in the street at night was very imposing, especially in those por- tions of it which possessed more than an or- dinary share of gas jets, and the light from which rendered every detail of the decorations in the immediate vicinity visible. Ww will proceed to describe some of the principal illu- minations and decorations, but it must be understood that there were probably many worthy of being rccorded which escaped our notice. At the top of the street, in the centre of the front of the Parliamentary- buildings, a large board, about 87ft. high by 40ft. broad, was erected, and on this board were mounted the letters "A. E. A." interlaced ; above the initials was an elaborate Royal crown. Both the crown and the letters were of gigantic size, the former measuring 16ft. by 20ft., and the letters being each 16ft. high, and covering nearly the whole breadth of the board. The piping was perforated in about 30,000 holes, and the blaze sent forth by this enormous number of jets was very bril- liant, and attracted attention even from Elizabeth-street. It was some hours, how- ever, before the design could be illumi- nated, either in consequence of the want of a sufficient pressure of gas, or the prevalence of a breeze of wind. Even then the whole of the jets would not take light at once, or the effect would have been still more radient. The quantity of gas which would have been consumed in an hour if all the jets had been in play would have been between 3,000 and 4,000 feet. The gas piping was fitted up by the Melbourne Gas Company, under the superin- tendence of Mr. A. Jeffrey, engineer of the Parliament-houses. The buildings at the top of Bourke-street, to which additional stories are at present being added, was pro- fusely adorned with English, Danish, and other flags, beneath which was a transpa- rency, consisting of the Prince of Wales' plume, on each side of which was the letter "A." Beneath this transparency was the inscription. "Prince of Wales Buildings." from which we conclude that the build- ings are to be named after his Royal Highness. There were also three other transparencies, one of which contained the loyal motto, "Albert Edward and Alexandra, our future King and Queen." The scaffold- ing at the base of the buildings was entwined with shrubs. Opposite the Prince of Wales Buildings is the White Hart Hotel, in front of which was a transparency, consisting of not very flattering portraits of the Royal pair, and an inscription in untranslated Danish. Messrs. Jones and Co., tailors, had an ex- cellent transparency, the principal features of which were the arms of the Prince, sur- mounted by the motto "God bless the Prince and the Sea King's Daughter." The Ex- celsior Hotel was decorated with evergreens, above which was a transparency, consisting of the Royal arms and a design of fruit and flowers, representing peace and plenty, flanked by the words "Albert Edward, Alexandra of Denmark." Mr. Stacey, dairyman, had a small transparency, and his premises were further de- corated with evergreens. Mr. Hall, draper, had the Prince's plume, on each side of which was the letter "A." painted in black on yellow. The Bendigo Hotel was decorated with flags, and with the Royal plume in gas jets, on one side of which were the letters "A.A.," and on the other "V. R.," also in jets of gas. Above the shop of Mr. Geo. Petty, butcher, were the letters, "A. V. A," in gas jets, ar- ranged in a semi-circular form, and sur- mounted by the star of Brunswick. Opposite Mr. L. L. Smith had a large transparency, representing the arms of the Prince, encircled with a laurel wreath, the whole surrounded with the motto, "Welcome News for Loyal Hearts," painted in red and yellow. The Polytechnic Institute was very elaborately and tastefully decorated. The iron lamp- posts in front of the building were each sur- mounted with a brilliant star, and stretching across the posts was a garland of flowers and evergreens, in the centre of which was the Prince's plume, in gas jets. The stone pillars were all entwined with evergreens, &c.;, and were illuminated with Chinese lanterns. A beautiful crown, formed with crimson and yellow cloth, and ornamented with golden, green, and white rosettes, was fixed on each side of the entrance to the porch, and the porch was ornamented with orange blossoms, &c.; Mr. Kleiser, jeweller, had an illumi- nated star. Mr. Newing, oilman, &c.;, and Mc- Kruse, chemist, had two good transparencies. Mr. Weedow, fruiterer, had a transparency consisting of the Prince's plume, underneath which was a gorgeous representation of the setting sun, and the motto—"May the setting be happy." "Uncle Tom's Pawn-office" dis- played a transparency of the Prince's arms, on each side of which was the letter "A." At the Assembly Hotel there was a good display of flags and two very pretty trans- parencies, the principal design of which was the Prince of Wales' plume, with the inscrip- tion "Long live the Prince and Princess," and other appropriate and loyal mottoes. Mr. B. Lee had a very neat transparency in the centre window of his shop. It consisted of the crest of the Prince, and a floriated wreath, surmounted by a crown and the let- ters " V.R." The other windows were bril- liantly illuminated with oil lamps and candles. At the Garrick Head Hotel there was a magnificent allegorical transparency, repre- senting Britannia giving the Princess Alex- andra a hearty welcome to the shores of Eng- land. Beneath was a splendid figure of Nep- tune, and a number of sea-nymphs, supporting cornucopias, while above were cupids, herald- ing the news of the Royal marriage. Mr. Bates, fruiterer, next door, had the front of his shop adorned with small transparencies, Chinese lanterns, bannerets, and evergreens. Mr. Eve, haircutter, &c.;, had a large trans- parency extending across the top of his shop. In the centre was the Prince's plume, with the motto "Ich Dien" on one side and "Kud Og Kungen" on the other." A store in the Eastern Market displayed three transparen- cies. One contained the letters "V. R.," sur- rounded with laurel leaves and surmounted by a large crown ; and another consisted of the letters "A. A., a wreath, and the Prince's plume. These transparencies were at the side of the shop, facing the market; the other transparency was in front, and the de- sign of it was more striking and original. It consisted of a large star, in the centre of which was the Union Jack, upon which the letters A. A. were painted. The flag was sur- rounded with a laurel wreath, outside which was another circle inscribed with. "May hap- piness attend you." The whole was sur- mounted with real plumes, in imitation of the crest of the Prince of Wales. Messrs. Hooker and Co. had a large transparency of a crown and the Prince's plume, and on each side were the mottoes, "Long may they live," "Happy may they be." At the Haymarket Theatre, a large-sized national flag floated from the centre of the roof, and on one side of it a Union Jack was displayed, and on the other the Danish flag. In front of the Cock Hotel a gigantic bower was erected. It extended above the top of the building, and the thickness with which the foliage had been arranged, almost enshrouded the en- trance to the hotel. Mr. M. A. Cane dis- played a small transparency, consisting of the Prince's plume, the initials of the Royal pair, and the motto, "God bless them." From the top of Downie's Australia Felix Hotel the English and Danish flags floated gaily, and in every window of the spacious premises appeared a transparency. The largest, which was immediately over the principal entrance to the hotel, contained a portrait of the Prince and Princess, the latter in marriage costume, and holding a bridal bouquet in her hand. The portraits were in- circled with a wreath of laurel, and the in- scription "Long may they live; happy may they be." The other transparencies consisted of appropriate mottoes, of which the following will serve as examples :—"Denmark's gift is Britain's pride," "Happiness to the Rose of Denmark," "Inhabitants of Australia rejoice," "Britain's Heir is Aus- tralia's Hope," "Men of the Nation be Glad in Great Britain's Prosperity," "God Preserve our Royal Family." Each motto was surmounted with some design, such as a flag, a kangaroo, or an anchor ; and a large Chinese lantern was suspended over each transparency. Mr. G. Mirfin had the verandah in front of his shop tastefully decorated. He also exhibited a painting of the Prince and Princess, with the motto "England's Pride ; may they be Happy." The transparency was illuminated by a powerful light. At the Hum- mums Hotel (late Tom Nunn's) there was a large and artistically painted transparency, re- presenting the Royal arms, the Prince of Wales' plume, and the English and Danish flags. Dr. D. W. Lemmon had a transparency, consisting of the Danish and English flags, between which was inscribed, "Long May thay Live." The initials of the Royal pair were added. Mr. T. K. Bennett had a very attrac- tive transparency. In the centre of it were the English and Danish flags, supporting the crest of the Prince of Wales, underneath which were the letters "A.E.A.," and the inscription, "Happy Union," in ornamental letters, and surmounted with a design under the loyal motto "Vivat Regina." Mr. Lockyear, hair-cutter, had a large trans- parency, which contained the following in- scription :—"Bridal Gift for H.R.H. the Prin- cess of Wales. One Shilling Subscription. Contributions received here." A good hint ! The Café de Paris was gaily decorated with flags and garlands of evergreens, and was illu- minated with two large stars in gas, one en- circling the letters "V. A," and the other the letters "V. R." Between the stars was a beau- tifully painted transparency, consisting of portraits of the Prince and Princess, under- neath which were shields bearing the Royal Arms of England and Denmark. The por- traits were surmounted with the Prince's crest, and the letters "V. A." on either side. At Mr. Davies's photographic rooms, there was a full length portrait of the Prince and Princess. At Sohier's Waxworks, two life size wax figures of the Prince and Princess, dressed in marriage costume, were displayed. Bignell's Hotel was decorated in grand style, and over the principal entrance was a large transparency of Britannia, with the motto" Welcome tidings." The verandah of the Royal Mail Hotel and Messrs. Dennis Brothers was superbly decorated with evergreens, Chinese lanterns, and other ornaments. There was also the crest of the Prince, and the letters "A. A." Messrs. Taylor and Cowell had three transparencies, and their premises were deco- rated. Messrs. Lyons and Co. had a transpa- rency representing the English and Danish flags, which was formed of small glass lamps of various colours. The effect was exceedingly beautiful. Messrs. C. and J. Espie, clothiers, had an enormous thistle in gas jets, sur- mounted by a crown. At the Albion Hotel, there were some flags of magnificent colour and workmanship, and a beautiful transpa- rency representing Britannia crowning the Prince and Princess with a laurel wreath, the whole surmounted with the inscription "Albion's Pride." The promises of Messrs. Cobb and Co., coach proprietors, were pro- fusely adorned with flowers and evergreens. There was also a transparency representing the Royal pair, on each side of which was a suitable motto, and above the transparency was a gigantic crown formed of flowers. At Mr. Rider's restaurant there were two humorous transparencies, which served to illus- trate an Englishman's love of roast beef and plum-pudding, if they were not indicative of loyalty. At Messrs. Robertson and Moffatt's, drapers, there was a transparency consisting of medallion portraits of the Prince and Princess. The Monster Clothing Company displayed their title in gas jets, and above it were a large crown and the letters "A. A." Between the premises of Messrs. Anderson and Co., and those of Messrs. Hill and Wymond, there was a brilliant star, and the letters " A. A." Messrs. Buckley and Nunn, drapers, had a loyal design in gas jets. In front of the Herald office were the letters "A. E. A." in gas jets, above which was the Prince's plume. Mr. L. Benjamin, clothier, displayed a transparency, which was inscribed with the words, "Hail to our future King and Queen." The Volunteer office was decorated with a collection of military flags, arranged with im- posing effect. At the grain store of W. Owston and Co., there was a small trans- parency, consisting of the Prince of Wales's plume, with the letters "V. A." In front of Morton's Hotel there was a large star. There were several other illuminations of a minor character at the west end of Bourke-street ; but this part of the street was not so bril- liantly lighted up as the more central por- tions. LITTLE BOURKE-STREET. The houses, shops, and warehouses in this street were pretty generally decorated and illuminated ; and the general aspect of the street was very different from its ordinary dingy, every-day appearance. There were flags and floral devices without number, and several transparencies, and designs in gas jets. In the Chinese quarter, there was quite a feast of lanterns, and the front of the Chinese Hall of Commerce was brilliantly illu- minated. Crackers and other fireworks were let off during the greater portion of the even- ing, causing a continued explosion more re- sembling a brisk cannonade than a pyro- technic display. The street, under foot, was in a frightfully muddy state, presenting a strange contrast to the gaiety overhead. ELIZABETH-STREET. This street, though the longest and the busiest but one in town, was hardly so well illuminated as Bourke - street. This was, doubtless, owing to the fact that a large number of the buildings are small and poor, and otherwise unsuitable to the purpose. Hence, though every house was lit up, and the name of the transparencies legion, there were few worth notice. At the southern end, however, the reverse is the case. The facade of Brown and Stewart's buildings was especially brilliant, lines of jets being carried from one end to the other. The offices of the Universal Marine Insurance Company, of which Messrs. De Pass Brothers are agents, were beautifully ornamented by a translucent shield of coloured glass, containing the Australian Arms, which flashed and glit- tered in a remarkable way. At Younghus- band and Co.'s office there were thoeinitials "A., A. & V. R." in letters of great size in gas jots. The Duke of Rothsay Hotel had a fine gas star, and the office of the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company was similarly adorned. The English, Scottish, and Australian Char- tered Bank had lines of gas light carried in arches in its front, and encircling a crown, two Prince's feathers, and the Royal initials. The premises of Messrs. Henry Brooks, Fanning, Nankivell, and Co., and Michaelis, Boyd, and Co., were equally refulgent; the latter, being the Prussian consulate, had the Royal initials and Prince's insignia in large size. The Liverpool and London In- surance Company's building was ornamented something like the Union Bank in Collins- street. There was a large "A. E." on each side of a huge and elaborate star, and on the roof was a row of gas flambeaux. The London Tavern had the usual initials and feathers. The Age newspaper office, next door, had mountad a very tolerably painted transparency, repre- senting Victoria emptying a cornucopia at the feet of the Prince and Princess. Over the shop of Mr. Robertson, bookseller, were a crown and initials of original and pleasing design. The transparency in front of Messrs. James McEwan and Co.'s shop was originally a good one, but the rain had spoiled it. The Colonial Bank was gorgeously decorated, and besides lines of light, in arches, were a very handsome crown and initials, &c.; It will be sufficient to mention the names of those whose illu- minations were above the average. They were —Mr. J. McDonnell, ironmonger; Mr. Watts, shoe dealer; Mr. Lyons, hosiery warehouse- man ; Mr. W. Draper, importer ; Mr. A. W. Schuhkrafft, paper dealer ; Messrs. T. Loader and Co., saddlery importers; Mr. Home, agricul- tural implemont dealer ; and Messrs. McClure, Valentine, and Co., importers. The illumi- nation of the Lady Chapel of the Catholic Cathedral threw a beautiful light through the painted windows into the street. SWANSTON-STREET. The glories of Swanston-street, though less than those of Bourke and Elizabeth streets, must be held to rank next, The Flinders street end was very gay. The Collingwood Gas Company's new offices, viz.,the old Bankof Victoria, had "A. E. A." and "A. C." with a lovers' knot between, in front; and the gas was of course, from obvious reasons, of first-rate qua- lity. Mr. W. Powell's wholesale ironmongery warehouse and the Freemasons' Hotel were also very brilliant. St. Paul's Schools, though beautifully decorated with flowers, was hardly effectively illuminated. Of course, the great ornament of the street was the Town-hall. The design here was magnificent. The lines of architecture had been more or less followed, and four of the pilasters in front were traced in gas. In the centre were enor- mous Prince's feathers in elaborate de- tail, with the motto "Ich Dien," and above were the words "God save the Queen." As in the case of the banks, the wind did not allow this design to be often seen. Nearly opposite, Messrs. Ford and Co., in- ventors of the new Prince of Wales scent, had a pretty "A. & A.," with star between, and a line of light below. In front of the Royal Oak Hotel was a transparency depicturing the young couple surrounded by Australian symbols, under which were the words "Tribute of Australia's Love." At the Exchange Hotel was a line of gas jets merely. Messrs. Watson and Sons, warehousemen, had also "A. & A," with a star of Bethlehem, in gas jets. At the Globe Hotel was a trans- parency containing the united English and Danish arms in a medallion. The illumina- tions at the premises of Messrs. J. Youlden, butcher, the Strangers' Home, and the Bri- tannia Hotel, though not differing from the general pattern, were worth mention. The public libiary was lit up with candles, taste- fully arranged. FLINDERS-STREET WEST. As regards this street, the illuminations were by no means on so grand a scale as in the other leading streets of the city; nor was it to be expected, perhaps, that such should be the case. Still the street, with the help of the shipping at the Queen's Wharf, made a goodly show, and the general effect of the illumina- tion here was rather brilliant than otherwise. Several of the more prominent buildings ex- hibited devices and mottoes worthy of the occasion. Messrs. G. and J. Shaw, ware- housemen, displayed on the front wall of their store a transparency showing the Prince of Wales' feathers, with the motto, "Ich dien," and on a scroll the words, "God bless them." Evans's Hotel was gay only with flags ; but the warehouse of Sargood, King, and Sargood, next door, was brilliantly lighted up with no less than seven stars of pretty design—one in the centre of the top storey, three running along the face of the second, and three along that of the lower storey. The Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany's premises displayed a single star, with the letters "A." and "A." on either side. The Yarra Hotel exhibited a transparent por- trait of the Prince and Princess of Wales, and had numerous candles placed in every window in the house. In front of the Messrs. Fulton's warehouse, there was a single large crown, without any motto, while the Sir Charles Hotham Hotel displayed the English crown, with the letters "A. E." and "A. C." right and left of it. The shipping at the Queen's Wharf was covered with flags from bow to stern ;-and amongst the vessels thus celebrating the occa- sion were the steamers Gothenburg, Tas- mania, Western, Black Swan, and Keera. FLINDERS-STREET EAST. In this locality the chief display was made at the premises of the Carron Timber-yard and those of W. H. Lamont, coal merchant, adjoining. The front of the buildings was elaborately decked out with flowers and shrubs, and a large star, with the initials "A. E." and "A." underneath, in gas jets, burned with great brilliance and steadiness, and threw a strong light over to the Suburban Railway Station, which had a crown and star, and the letters "A. A." in gas, but which the perverse wind flatly refused to allow to remain, alight for more than two consecutive minutes. The remainder of the illumination in this street was of the ordinary private character. FLINDER'S LANE was even more loyal than the street, and some of the devices exhibited were of rather an ambitious character. The Electric Tele- graph-office displayed over the door the Prince of Wales' feathers, with the motto, "Ich Dien," while candles were lighted in all the windows. From the top of Mason and Firth's printing- office streamed a large banner, bearing the words "Albert and Alexandra—may they be happy ;" while in all the lower windows were transparencies, each showing simply the letter "A." Across the street, also, from their pre- mises hung a banner, with the words "Long live Albert and Alexandra—may they be happy." Over the entrance to the offices of Bright Brothers there was a large transparency exhibiting the Prince of Wales' feathers, with the words, "God bless the Prince and Princess," while from ropes stretched across to the oppo- site building depended flags of many nations and of a variety of colours. The Hamburg and Bremen Consulate displayed simply the arms of Hamburg and Bremen. Over the entrance to the warehouse of E. F. Sichel and Co. there was a rather pretentious display, in the shape of a transparency representing the marriage of the Royal pair, on a scroll were the words," Vic- toria's Welcome to Victoria's Son," and at the top and bottom corners a mailed arm holding a sickle, with the motto "As you sow, you reap." McNaughton, Love, and Co. had in front of their premises three stars, with the letter "A." after the first and before the third, and the words "Long may they live." Their premises were also gay with flags ; while L. Stevenson and Sons ex- hibited a single star between the letters "A." "A.," flags waving from all points of their warehouse. Prince of Wales' feathers and the motto "Ich Dien" appeared to be highly popular in the lane, and they were displayed on a great many of the buildings. KING-STREET. The illumination was confined to one or two of the larger warehouses, and to two or three of the hotels. The devices were, in general, the feathers and motto, transparent, or stars of different kinds. QUEEN-STREET, the southern end of this street, was gay with illuminated devices. The offices of the Victoria Sugar Works exhibited a transpa- rency of considerable size, showing portraits of the Royal pair, together with the feathers, the Danish shield in two corners, and the words "God preserve Albert and Alexandra." "Wilson, Buchanan, and Co showed a cross and the feathers, and the letters "A. & A. ;" while in front of the warehouses of Degraves and A. Woolley there was a long stretch of perforated piping, with the feathers in the centre, and the letter "A." at either end of it. The Oriental Bank displayed a device in which prettily- formed stars were the leading feature. Nu- merous flags, too, waved from various parts of the building. One of the m0st appropriate and complete designs exhibited in this street was that in front of the premises of Mr. Crisp jeweller. He displayed the Imperial crown and the Royal arms of England (with the first son of the first house), and the shield of the heir - apparent tied with the Prince of Wales' crown, with the letters "A. E." and "A. A." in monogram, the whole surmounted by the Prince of Wales' feathers in flowers, with the motto, "Ich Dien." There were other devices of less note on many of the buildings in Queen-street. WILLIAM STREET. Here the illuminations were chiefly confined to some of the larger buildings and warehouses. The Railway department, lately the Govern- ment house, exhibited the Prince of Wales's feathers and motto in front ; while in front of the Exhibition-building there were the feathers, the motto, and the letters "A.E." on each side of the feathers. The warehouse of Douglas De Little and Co. was gaily ornamented with signal flags, so arranged as to form the letters "A. E.," while the whole building was illuminated by the help of candlelight. St. James's School was very prettily decorated with evergreens and flowers, and illuminated also by the help of candles. The offices of the White Star Line of Packets exhibited a transparency, bordered with flowers, bearing the Prince of Wales's feathers and shield, with the letters "A.A." The floral decorations were nicely done, and there was no want of flags to heighten the general effect. None of the other designs in this street require to be noticed specially. MARKET-STREET. Messrs. Lange and Thomson displayed four illuminated crowns, and had numerous candles in the different windows of their warehouse. Messrs. Crosby and Son had a design, showing the crown in the centre, the Prince of Wales feathers on each side, with the letter "A." below each feather. Messrs. Ross and Spowers displayed the Danish shield surrounded by the crown, and having on each side of the shield the Prince of Wales feather, with the words "Albert Edward and Alexandra Caroline," with "V.R." in large letters on each side of the shield. The Melbourne Savings Bank exhibited a large star over the main entrance, together with the feathers, and the motto "Ich Dien;" while both on the Market-street and Flinders-lane sides of the building there were smaller stars, with "A. E." in the centre of each. Messrs. Wilshin and Leighton displayed a transparency of the Prince of Wales's feathors, with "England" below it, and the Danish crown, with "Denmark" under it. These complete the list of the noticeable part of the illuminations, to far as regards Market- street. SPENCER-STREET. In Spencer-street the main feature of at- traction was of course the Railway offices and station. Over the offices there was an oblong transparency of great size, and very artistically executed, comprising a shield emblazoned with the Royal Arms, supported by the words "Albert Edward," and "Alexandra, Den- mark," which were in their turn relieved by the emblems of St. George and the Dragon and the arms of Denmark, the whole en- circled by laurels, the whole effect being a most pleasing one. Over the railway entrance the railway coloured lamps were employed, and the white carriage lamps along the whole façade, combining in a somewhat gro- tesque manner the utile et dulce, but the effect amongst the evergreens with which the pillars at the entrance were surrounded was very agreeable to the eye. The goods department had a transparency of a fiery-looking lug- gage truck, with the motto "Advance Aus- tralia," and various coloured lamps. There were no gas illuminations in this street, but various transparencies, the only subject em- ployed being the Prince of Wales's feathers, with or without the initials. LONSDALE STREET. In Lonsdale-street the illuminations were mostly in candle and oil ; but they were very general. The Catholic cathedral, at the corner of Lonsdale-street east and Elizabeth street, had over the portal a line cross in gas, sufficiently brilliant to bring out the main outlines of the edifice. Mr. Fitzgerald, the surgeon, by means of Chinese lanterns and foliage, created a very pleasant effect. The Supreme Court offices were lit up in somewhat the same manner, with two small transpa- rencies, displaying the initials of the Prince and Princess. Prosser's boardinghouse had a small line of gas; but we only notice it on account of the general scarcity of the article in this street. Salomon and Wienhardt displayed the initials "A. A." in gas. From this point the main features of display were the different hotels at the various street intersections, the Beehive Hotel having, in addition to the candle illuminations, a transparency of the Prince of Wales feathers, and the initials. The Victorian had, also, the feathers, with the addition of "Advance Aus- tralia" as a heading, and supported by the Rose, Shamrock, and Thistle. The Olympic varied the general lighting by employing Chinese lanterns, adding thereto the feathers in transparency. The Black Eagle had small transparencies. In Lonsdale-street west, Hockin's Hotel, at the corner of Elizabeth- street, formed a bright corner, although candles only were employed. Messrs. McFar- land and Sons produced a charming effect by placing in each of their eight windows twelve coloured vase-shaped glasses of differ- ent hues, and yielding a subdued and mellow light. Adjoining, were several houses which by adopting the same idea of candle illumi- nation, relieved by a background of scarlet and white curtains, produced a very chaste effect. Messrs. Law Brothers exhibited a transparency with the initials "A and A" and the motto, "God Bless the Prince and his Bride." The Carpentaria Hotel had a line of gas extending along the front of the building. The Public Works Department mounted a crown in gas over the portal. Tankard's Tempe- rance Hotel had a very good transparency of the feathers, supported by the na- tional flags, with the motto, "God Bless Them," and ornamental scroll-work. The Red Lion Hotel, and Messrs. Stevenson and Elliot, coachbuilders, displayed trans- parencies presenting portraits of the Prince and Princess, with wreaths around and other ornamentation. The Council Club Hotel had a small A A in gas, but the supply was not sufficient, or some cause or the other pre- vented its burning properly. The Crown and Niagara Hotels had also transparencies of the feathers and crown. LA TROBE-STREET. In La Trobe-street the same general remark as to gas applies as in Lonsdale- street ; but in this street, also, the other means of illumi- nation were not so generally resorted to as they might have been. The Model Schools, although not in La Trobe-street, yet lit up the upper end of it in a very effective manner, the design being in gas ; the princely initials supporting the feathers. Carlton-gardens were to have assisted in throwing additional light on this part of the street by means of a bonfire, but the materials not being raised, the additional light was not thrown. The Olive Branch, and the Supreme Court Hotels exhibited transparencies of the feathers and initials A A; the Supreme Court itself being illuminated only with candles, but this pile of building showing well. Menzies' Hotel looked very bright, and exhibited the usual transparency of the feathers, with the addi- tion of swords and and regal cushion. Several of the stores not being lit up in this part of the street formed a very blank appearance. In La Trobe-street west, the Lands and Sur- vey Department had a brilliant crown in gas placed on the Royal arms in stone, which surmount the portal of that building. A Mr. Aarons had his three windows filled with transparencies of the Royal Standard, the portraits of the Prince and Princess, and the Danish flag. Cornish and Bruce had a very large design in gas, comprising the crown, the princely initials, a star, and scroll- work, but owing to some defect in the main, or otherwise, the supply of gas was, unfortu- nately, too scanty to allow of the whole dis- playing—a circumstance the more to be re- gretted as this was really the only design in the street beyond the ordinary, either in conception or magnitude. Mr. Hodgson, opposite their building, had some pleasing little trans- parencies in the windows, of the feathers, the initials, &c.; From this spot the only other building attracting attention was the West- end Hotel, corner of Spencer-street, illumi- nated by candles. RUSSELL STREET. The northern extremity of this thorough- fare presented a singularly dismal contrast to the central and southern portions. The dreary blank exterior of the Central Gaol was but faintly enlivened by the solitary street lamp at the corner, and on coming city-wards, the Supreme Courthouse, with its rows of com- posites in each window, looked positively cheerful. Over the way, the Supreme Court Hotel had an illuminated device of the Prince of Wales' feathers, with the letters "A. A." underneath. A similar device was exhibited at the Beehive Hotel, and also at Alcock's billiard table factory. The premises of Rhodes, the butcher, were profusely decorated with evergreens, and over the door was a shield bearing the letters "A. E. A,." on which a circlet of gas-jets threw a brilliant light. The Golden Fleece Hotel, in addition to a display of foliage, had its lower windows illuminated with a series of emblematic transparencies. From this portion of Russell street, as far as Bourke-street, the scene was quite bright and lively. The premises of Mr. Barnett, provision merchant, had a very large transparency of the Prince and Princess, and the coach-factory of Miller Brothers also had some pretty illuminated emblems, and a row of carriage-lamps lit up. Messrs. Mackennal and Scurry displayed an illuminated device of the Prince of Wales' feathers. A like device was to be seen at Saint's, the signwriter. The large store of Messrs. Laing and Webster, which looked exceedingly well in the day time, with its display of flags and foliage, had a large star and the letters "A. A." in gas jets, but the fine appearance which this illu- mination should have presented was en- tirely marred by the persistent wind which blew steadily against it. At Mr. Carter's, the dentist, a large star in gas was more kindly dealt with, and burned with com- mendable steadiness. The Duke of York Hotel and the premises of the Turnverein had no distinctive devices. Along the whole length of Russell-street, the private dwelling- houses were more or less lit up with can- dles. SPRING-STREET. The principal illuminations in Spring-street were confined to the Houses of Parliament, the Treasury, the Government Printing- office, the Princess's Theatre, and the Model Schools. The device in front of the Houses of Parliament has already been described in connexion with Bourke-street ; and as for the Treasury, perhaps the less said the better. For one brief period in the course of the evening, the outline of this building was uni- formly lit up, and had the fates but been pro- pitious, not many edifices would have pre- sented such a grand illuminated appearance. As it was, the Treasury, which should have been a chef-d'auvre in the matter of illu- minations, was almost, if not quite, a failure. The central device was well nigh concealed under a ludicrous vizor of rope and planking, and its unfinished aspect was at times shown up in painful contrast by the surrounding glare. The less pretentious display of the Government Printing- office, with its uniform rows of the conventional composite, was far the more effective and effectual. In front of Princess's Theatre was exhibited an illu- minated device of the Prince of Wales' feathers, with the initials "A. A. ;" and at the Model Schools, the Prince of Wales' feathers in gas jets, with the letters "A A" on each side, burned very steadily and brightly, and quite lit up the large triangular space in front of the building. The large block of buildings near the junction of Spring and Flinders streets, although only lit up with candles, and in some instances with Chinese lanterns, presented a very fine appearance. THE QUEEN'S WHARF. The almost incessant rain of yesterday failed to damp the loyal ardour of the good people who, by reason of their residence or business being in the locality, were induced to give vent to their rejoicings at the west end of Flinders-street ; for the programme of the day's proceedings, drawn up undoubtedly in anticipation of fine weather, was faith- fully and zealously carried out, the wet and mud—and there was abundance of both— apparently but conducing to an increase of the hilarious excitement. While the prominence was given to the lighter and more fanciful expressions of rejoicing ; yet it was evident, from yesterday's proceedings, that in this part of the town, at least, con- siderable confidence is placed in the old Eng- lish belief that the genuine way of manifest- ing a people's happiness is by an ad libitum in- dulgence in the good things of this life. Near the Queen's Wharf, the process of roast- ing a whole bullock was commenced early yesterday morning, and at noon the work was finished. The savoury animal was then cut into slices, and dispensed, along with a liberal supply of bread and beer, to all who chose to partake. There was, as a matter of course, some scrambling, and no little mud- larking; but cheer after cheer, uttered in the most vociferous manner, indicated that loyalty and good humour were the order of the day. Everyone who wit- nessed this interesting ceremony must have come away with the conviction that, if hearty eating and drinking were to be regarded as any indication of attachment to the Throne, then the denizens of Flinders-street west are right loyal subjects. In the afternoon, when the weather somewhat cleared up, sports of different kinds were indulged in ; and in the evening, the illuminations in this and other parts of the city attracted the attention of the people. The funds for the sports were col- lected by a committee of management; while the bullock was contributed by Mr. Benson, butcher ; the bread by Mr. McCubbin ; and the beer by Messrs. Murcutt, Terry, and Co. Mr. Hilliard supplied 1,500 bricks to facilitate the roasting of the bullock. FULTON'S FOUNDRY. The proprietors of this establishment turned the holiday of yesterday to pleasing account. A whole bullock was roasted by steam, the spit being turned by machinery. To partake of this substantial fare, to which were added not a few other creature comforts and deli- cacies, the Messrs Fulton invited all their work- people, along with their wives and families, as well as a few friends—the company num- bering upwards of 200. The repast was laid out in one of their large store-rooms, which was tastefully decorated for the occa- sion. After ample justice had been done to the dinner, the chairman, Mr. Ingham, pro- posed the usual loyal and patriotic toasts, which were interspersed with vocal and in- strumental music. The health of the different members of the film followed; and this part of the proceedings closed with "The Press, and may the Gagging Bill be defeated." The company then dispersed for an hour, during which time the room was cleared for the ball. Dancing commenced between eight and nine o'clock, and was kept up with spirit till a late hour. SHIPPING IN THE RIVER. At eight a.m., all the shipping in the river— a numerous fleet both of steamers and sailing vessels—dressed, making a gallant display of bunting. At noon the Royal Shepherd fired a salvo of six guns, followed by the Gothen- burg with four, and the Lioness with six. At sunset the flags were taken in. The Tas- mania then sent up a rocket of beautiful colours. The Royal Shepherd followed suit with six fine rockets, after which she fired six guns. The Gothenburg dressed yards with blue fire, and made a splendid display. The Tasmania also illuminated. Altogether the display, as seen from Prince's bridge and the banks of the Yarra, was extremely pretty. BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. The inmates of this institution were well cared for yesterday, and no doubt appreciated the efforts made for their comfort and enjoy- ment. Good cheer is of course the main in- gredient in the festivities of such an asylum, and that this was well provided may be seen by reference to the following list of donors and their gifts :—Messrs. Paterson, Ray, Palmer, and Co., £10 ; Mr. J. M. Joshua, £10 ; Mr. Bacon, Bourke-street, £1 1s.; Mr. Jameson, Russell- street, 10s. 6d. ; Mr. Prinn, Williams- town, £1 ; Mr. Mayne, Elizabeth- street, one case of port wine and one case of sherry ; Mr. Smith, Victoria- street, two large hams ; Mr. McGuigen, Elizabeth-street, two cases port wine ; Messrs. Currie and Smith, Swanston- street, sixty pounds currants ; Mr. Brear, Eli- zabeth-street, fifty pounds raisins ; Mr. Calvert, Eastern Market, half- dozen fowls ; Mr. Hockin, Elizabeth-street, one barrel porter ; Messrs. McCracken and Co., one barrel ale ; Mr. Dixon, Rosslyn-street, twelve dozen lemonade and one dozen of ginger-wine ; Messrs. Hope and King, Collins- street, one crate crockery ; Mr. Bencraft, one bag flour and twelve tins groats ; one barrel of ale and a calf, Mr. Rigby, Council Club Hotel, Queen- street ; three bags flour and a case of sherry, Mr. Benson, Assembly Hotel Bourke-street ; a case of ale, Mr. Keenan, Elizabeth-street ; a quarter of veal, Mr. Kerr, Queen-street ; three quarters veal, Mr. Weston, King-street ; a side of beef, Mr. Bignell, Bourke-street ; a side of bacon and three cheeses, Mr. McDonnell, Elizabeth-street ; bag of rice, Oriental Rice-mills, Flinders-street; one case wine, Donovan and Muleahey, Lonsdale- street ; one hogshead ale, Murcutt, Terry, and Co., Flinders-lane ; one hogshead ale, Mr. Martin, Flinders-lane. The dinner consisted of three courses, washed down with ample sup- lies of ale, and wine for the hospital side of the house. Mr. Harker, the treasurer, pre- sided, and commenced the feast by calling on the guests to drink the health of the newly- married Royal couple, which was given with three most hearty cheers. The number of male convives was 176, and in the women's department, thirty-nine. At the conclusion of the meal Mr. Sturt, who is a member of the committee, also addressed the guests on their privileges as subjects of the Queen of England, and this was followed by nine times nine at the least. The Na- tional Anthem was then struck up, and the harmony, although perhaps not of so effective a nature as it might be, was steadily perse- vered in in a most praiseworthy manner until the conclusion. Several speeches were made, and recitations given—one old gentle- man, eighty-five years of age, made a speech of some length while supported by two of his companions ; the said speech being, no doubt, excessively loyal, but, unfortunately, for the main part unhearable. The company then dispersed from the tables, to enjoy themselves according to their respective idiosyncracies. The women's dining-hall presented the same features, and they would have their speeches and songs likewise. THE LYING-IN HOSPITAL. Through the kind liberality of the firm of Messrs. Paterson, Ray, Palmer, and Co., the inmates of the Lying-in Hospital were sup- plied with a plentiful and elegant repast on the occasion of yesterday's celebra- tion. The dinner was spread in the large committee-room of the hospital, and about fifty patients and servants included, sat down to table. In the case of the patients who were unable to attend at the table, a share of the repast was served to them in their rooms. THE GAOLS AND HULKS. The prisoners in the penal establishments were not forgotten in the general enjoyment. The males in the central gaol, debtors as well as the men under punishment, received, in addition to their usual rations, each a two- round white loaf, quarter-pound butter, two ounces tea, and quarter-pound fine sugar. A barrel of ale, the gift of Mr. Benson, of the Assembly Hotel, was also divided amongst them, giving a pint and a-half to each. The women and boys in the Western Gaol had also a similar allowance of all the above extras, with the exception of the beer. The prison inmates of the hulks were also, through the kindness of the Inspector-General of Penal Establishments, provided, at his own charge, with one pound plum pudding each, with tea and sugar for their breakfast and supper. In the evening, the northern front of the central gaol was illuminated. Mr. Wintle, the governor, having undertaken the cost of the gas fittings, &c.; The prisoners appeared highly sensible of the indulgence accorded to them in addition to their ordinary bill of fare. THE IMMIGRANTS' HOME. The inmates of the Immigrants' Home were yesterday regaled with an ample dinner in the marquee erected in the Government Do- main, beyond Prince's-bridge ; and concluded the festivity in commemoration of the Prince of Wales's marriage with a supper of roast beef, plum pudding, and ale, on their return to the home. THE THEATRE ROYAL. At the Theatre Royal, the tragedy of "Richard the Third," with Mr. Barry Sullivan as Gloucester, was repeated. The house was crowded in every part with the exception of the dress-circle, and the performance was re- ceived with enthusiastic applause. THE HAYMARKET. Yesterday an afternoon performance took place at this theatre, when the "American Cousin" was performed, with Mr. Jefferson in his favourite character of Asa Trenchard. Thete was a fair attendance in all parts of the house. In the evening the entertainments consisted of the "Irish Lion" and the bur- lesque of "Fayre Rosamond." The house was well filled, considering the attractions out of doors, excepting in the dress circle. During the evening the following address, written by Mr. James Smith, was spoken by Mr. Jeffer- son :— Across the bleak and strong sea, a thousand years ago,— The raven flying at the main, came England's Danish foe,— Came fleet on fleet of war-ships, with the dragon at the prow, and o'er the banks of rowers hung the burnished shields in row ; While Vikings grim and Udal-men toned warlike chants below. They left a clime where nature bound the earth in iron bands ; They sought a shore where blander airs breathed over softer lands. They beached their ships on English coasts, and emptied out a horde Of Norsemen fierce, from foss and sound, from icy fjeld and ford. Where'er th' invader's foot was placed, the soil was stained with blood, And smould'ring embers marked the spot where town and tower had stood ; Nor aged monk, nor tender child, nor shrine, nor tomb was spared ; The spoil of all the realm held dear the pirate Vikings shared : And ruddy were tho skies at night, and lurid dawned the day, As burning church and flaming grange lit up the foe- men's way. Redly the rivers ran with blood ; it dyed the springing corn ; And many an English maid bewailed the hour that she was born. With brand and bow and battle-axe, resistless in their swoop, A harvest for the sepulchre, the Sons of Odin reap : The obscene Raven flapp'd his wings, and where his shadow fell, The goodly earth forbore to smile, and wore a look of hell. In after years, in English homes, would faltering tongues relate How savage were the Norse in war, how terrible their hate ; Till craven Ethelred resigned his sceptre to the Dane, And on the island throne reposed the stern old sea- king Sweyne, Yes, by the newer blood infused from Scandinavian springs, A nobler race Old England bred of subjects and of Kings, In counsel wise, in warfare brave, outspoken, truth- ful, free, Holding their tale inviolate and monarchs of the sea ; Founding new empires on the glorious model of the old, And re-establishing in infant states the age of gold. A thousand years have come and gone, and once, yet once again, Our mother isle bears witness to th' invasion of the Dane— Not, as of old, by armed men, with torch and blood- stained brand ; Not, as of old, to ravage, waste, and devastate the land ; Not, as of old, to level towns, and spoil the conquered race ; Not, as of old, to scar with fire our England's gracious face— But, in the budding flower of youth, with hope and joy elate, Old Denmark sends across the sea "the rose" of its "fair state." No hostile arm or hand upraised, no beacon glares on high ; No warning voice thrills through the air, "the Raven flouts the sky !" That Raven brings the olive branch, the Vikings land as friends ; And England from her myriad throats a lusty welcome sends. "God bless the graceful girl who treads the soil which freedom loves ; God bless the youthful bride who like a fairy creature moves ; God bless the gentle maid who wears so innocent a mien ; God bless the Danish rose in whom we hail our future Queen." Oh ! victor o'er an empire's love, prize the rich gift you've won, For such another conquered realm lies not beneath the sun. O, glorious strength of gentleness ! O, might of love and youth ! O, heart-subduing power of high desert and spotless truth ! Where'er our mother tongue is heard, where'er our name is known, We breathe a blessing on the pair who stand beside the throne. Long may the widowed Queen, who sways the sceptre of our land, Continue in the exercise of that benign command. And when, amidst a people's tears, she passes to her rest, May Albert and his Danish bride be, like her, loved and blessed ! THE APOLLO MUSIC-HALL. This once-popular place of amusement was on this occasion re-opened to the public. In celebration of the Royal marriage, the lessee of the Haymarket Hotel arranged for a fancy and masquerade ball, which duly took place in the evening. The whole of tho com- modious saloons in connexion with the hall were thrown open to the visitors entirely free, and an efficient band was in attendance. Although the liberal invitation put forward was well responded to, the extent of the accom- modation prevented the dancers from being inconveniently crowded, and at a late hour they seemed determined to prolong their amusement until dawn. THE ALHAMBRA. A ball was given at this saloon, and the room was completely crowded with holiday makers. The saloon was handsomely de- corated, and an excellent band was in at- tendance. THE POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTE. The Polytechnic Institute was well filled throughout the day. Lectures were delivered by Mr. V. Simons on bread, and Mr. Frost on Phrenology, and these, with the dissolving views and Miss Warden's vocalization, ap- peared fully to satisfy the holiday-makers. The handsome illumination of the building is noticed elsewhere. THE RAILWAYS. The returns from the various lines of rail- way, so far as could be ascertained up to a late hour last evening, showed an increase over the ordinary passenger traffic. Over 6,000 persons availed themselves of the St. Kilda and Hobson's Bay line, and about 3,000 were estimated to have travelled by the Vic- torian Railway. On the Melbourne line no accurate returns could be obtained, but up to an early hour this morning full trains were arriving and being despatched. To be in accordance with the general festi- vities, the various railway termini in Mel- bourne were yesterday adorned most lavishly with an abundance of floral emblems and evergreens. Some of the devices in flowers were exceedingly quaint and pretty. Many of the locomotives were also highly em- bellished with flowers and foliage, and the arrival and departure of the trains, with their parti-coloured decorations, had a pleasing and very pretty effect. BRIDAL PRESENT. One of the first of the shapes the goodwill of the people assumed towards the Royal couple was the proposition of a shilling sub- scription for the purpose of presenting the Princess of Wales with a bridal gift. Two public meetings were held, at which resolu- tions were passed in favour of the proposal, and a committee named for the purpose of receiving subscriptions. The town clerk of Melbourne has been appointed secretary. The committee are actively engaged in receiving subscriptions, and circulars have been ad- dressed to the various municipalities, road boards, and local bodies, to engage their aid. It is believed that a very large sum will be raised, and it is intended that the present shall be a souvenir of the colony. The original idea of the promoters was, a crown of colonial gold, ornamented with native gems, should be presented. This sug- gestion has, perforce, been abandoned, as, though specimens of nearly every kind of gem known to the lapidary have been found in the colony, there are none of them of size and quality sufficient for so ambitious a purpose as the adornment of a Royal crown. It has since been in con- templation that the gift shall take the form of a jewel-casket or dressing-case of gold, chased with designs illustrative of Australian scenery, and surmounted by a miniature crown. For this purpose the Colony could furnish some very fine precious stones, though not of large size. They include diamonds, rubies, topazes, emeralds, garnets, amethysts, opals, &c.; though, if the diamonds are used, it will be ne- cessary to mount them uncut and unpolished, as there is no diamond cutting establishment in this colony, nor, indeed, nearer than Am- sterdam. There is no doubt the present will be worthy of the Royal lady for whom it is in- tended, and of the colony, whatever form it may assume. THE LADIES' PRESENT. The ladies propose to prepare a special token, of their regard for the Princess Alexandra. A subscription, limited to half-a-crown—to which gentlemen are not to be privileged to subscribe—has been suggested, to form a fund for the purpose. A considerable sum will, no doubt, be subscribed for some elegant gift, if the idea is not suffered to fall through from lack of assistance to carry it out. EAST COLLINGWOOD. The extent of the street decorations and illuminations was one of the great features of the demonstrations of loyalty which were made in this locality. The inhabitants cer- tainly entered upon their work with spirit, and succeeded in effecting a complete trans- formation in the general aspect of their rather uncouth-looking thoroughfares. There seemed to have been quite a loyal mania for the erection of triumphal arches, for there could scarcely have been less than a dozen raised of one description and another. Smith-street, Wellington- street, and Hoddle-street, had at least two each, of massive propor- tions. The majority of the arches were decorated with everything that skill and in- genuity could suggest. In some cases wreaths of flowers decked the wattle, gum, and other green leaves, which formed the principal visible fabric of the arch ; and in other in- stances the centre of the span was sur- mounted by the letters "A. A.," and a crown, constructed of beautiful flowers, and a pro- fusion of banners adorned the remainder of the arch. At nearly all the public- houses, as well as at many of the principal shops and private dwellings, transparencies or gas jets were displayed. Some of the designs showed great taste, and the mottoes which were selected evinced the hearty good wishes of the people for the welfare and hap- piness of the Prince and Princess, as well as their loyalty to Her Majesty the Queen. So general were the decorations of the buildings, that even an undertaker's shop made a dis- play, though it must be confessed that the plan adopted by the proprietor combined a strange mixture of the grave and the gay. Those inhabitants whose means would not permit them to incur the expense of gas illu- minations or transparencies, decked their windows with folds of drapery, or displayed floral decorations, some of which were ex- ceedingly pretty, chrysanthemums, geraniums, fuschias, and other flowers of rich and varied hues being employed for the purpose. Even the very poorest classes had their out- ward demonstration of loyalty, for in the windows of the several small wooden tene- ments of Cambridge-street and the vicinity crowns or the letters "A. A.," printed on coloured paper, were exhibited and illumi- nated with candles. Where this plan was not adopted, some strip of ribbon, rosette, or small flag, was exhibited in front of the smaller houses, and the occupiers appeared proud to have this means of showing they were equally as sincere in their rejoicings as their richer fellow- colonists. A sum of £50 was voted by the municipal coun- cil towards providing festivities in which all classes might participate, and this sum was supplemented by private subscriptions to the amount of about £100. The programme of the day, however, could not be carried out in its integrity in consequence of the rain ; but it was adhered to as far as possible. A pro- cession of municipal councillors, rifle volun- teers, firemen, Oddfellows, Foresters, and other secret orders, was marshalled near the Town- hall in the morning, by Councillor A. P. Adcock, and marched through some of the principal streets of the munici- pality to the Government-house re- serve, to witness the presentation of the congratulatory addresses referred to else- where. Considering the state of the weather, there was a very good muster, and the pro- cession looked quite gay, with its flags, ban- ners, and other decorations. It was intended that the school children should have joined the procession, but this was wisely dispensed with. The intention to feast the children in the open air had also to be abandoned, but arrangements were make for giving them a treat at their respective school-rooms. Two hogsheads of beer, to which all were welcome were placed in the municipal reserve, and there was a free distribution of bread, beef, and other refreshments at the Town-hall. Similar distributions took place in various parts of the municipality, several tradesmen having made liberal donations for this pur- pose, and a bullock was roasted whole in the vicinity of Hoddle-street. In the evening, there were fireworks, bonfires, and various festive gatherings, not the least important of which was the municipal ball, at the Studley Arms Hotel. 300 tickets were issued for the ball, but as some of the tickets were to admit half a dozen persons, the attendance ex- ceeded the number of tickets. FITZROY. The rejoicings in this municipality were of the most enthusiastic and successful character despite the unfavourableness of the weather. The local council had voted the sum of £250 to assist in making a right loyal demonstra- tion, and about a £100 was added by private subscriptions ; but so liberal were the arrange- ments of the committee entrusted with the disbursement of the funds, that the expenses, it is expected, will leave a deficit of at least another £100. There can be no doubt, how- ever, that the loyalty of the district will speedily provide the pecuniary means neces- sary to liquidate this deficiency. The great centre of the festivities was the spacious market- place, adjoining the Town- hall. It covers an area of about 300 feet in length by 190 in breadth, and the whole of it is under cover. The floor was laid with boards specially for this occasion, and the in- terior of the building was decorated with green foliage, flowers, flags, banners, bannerets, and ornamental devices of various descrip- tions. Every pillar was entwined, every rafter or unsightly beam was enshrouded in a pro- fusion of leaves and flowers. No less than seventy cartloads of shrubbery were used in the decorations. At the entrance in Moor-street a triumphal arch was erected, and immediately in front of the door the shield of the corporation, surrounded with a gay wreath, was displayed. At the opposite end, within the building, there was a very pretty floriated device, representing a crown, thistle, &c.; In this market-place-which more resembled a large conservatory than a building devoted to such mundane pursuits as buying and selling—the children belonging to all the schools in the district were regaled. It was intended that after assembling at their respective schools, they should proceed to an appointed rendezvous, and then march through the principal streets to the market-place, The wet, however, interfered with this arrange- ment, and they had to walk direct to the locale of the festivity. Upwards of 8,000 children were present, but every care had been taken to prevent crowding or confusion, and all were comfortably seated by a little after twelve o'clock. In the centre of the building was arranged one long line of tables, extending the entire length, and on each side were other tables. They were literally crammed with buns, cakes, sweetmeats, and other good things to please the juvenile palate. Ample justice was done to the fare. Grace was sung both before and after dinner. During the afternoon a liberal supply of fruit was distributed, along with ginger-wine, milk, and other liquids. The gathering was in all respects a most interest- ing one, and the coup d'œil evidently afforded the highest pleasure and gratification to all who had the good fortune to behold it. The children without exception presented a very neat appearance, each one being decked with a wedding favour, and their smiling happy faces abundantly testified that they enjoyed the treat immensely. The most striking scene in connexion with the féte, however, was the singing of the version of the National Anthem adapted by the Rev. Newman Hall in commemoration of the Royal marriage. It was sung by the united voices of the 3,000 children, with a fervour and loyalty which will doubtless produce a deep and lasting im- pression on the rising generation of Fitzroy. Three hearty cheers for the Queen and the Prince of Wales, and three cheers and "one cheer more" for the Princess followed, given with a sincerity and unrestrained enthusiasm which are especially the charac- teristics of childhood's early years. Several other pieces were sung by the children in the course of the afternoon, and some of the mem- bers of the municipal council delivered short addresses appropriate to the occasion. A white medal commemorative of the Royal marriage has been struck, and each child pre- sent at yesterday's festive gathering will re- ceive one. On the obverse are the dates of the marriage and the date of the celebration in Victoria, and on the reverse is the crest of the Prince of Wales. It was not convenient to distribute them yesterday, but a supply will be sent to the teacher of each school for dis- persion. After the children's feast refresh- ments were distributed ad libitum to all who chose to accept them. In the even- ing there was another gay and animated scene in the market-place, when the "Municipal Ball" took place. About 3,000 tickets had been issued for the ball, and the invitations were very largely accepted. The room was, in fact, crowded. Gas was used for the illumination of the building, a line of piping having been laid right round the walls. The ball-room had a very picturesque appearance, for although full ball costume was not insisted upon, many of the ladies wore exceedingly elegant dresses, volunteers were in uniform, and the Masons, Druids, Oddfellows, and Foresters had been requested to appear in the costume and regalia of their several orders. The music was furnished by the Col- lingwood Band, and the pleasures of the dance were enjoyed until early morn. We must devote a short space to some de- scription of the decorations and illuminations of the municipality. The principal facade at the Town-hall was rendered quite gay with floral columns and green leaves. In the evening it was illuminated, the design con- sisting of three large semi-circles formed of gas jets, above which were several vertical lines of fire. At the top of the watch-tower adjoining the market-place was erected a four- sided transparency, representing the Royal arms, the Prince's crest, &c.;, with loyal mot- toes, the whole illuminated with gas. The citizens generally seemed to vie with each other in the adornment and illumination of their houses and shops. In Brunswick and Gertrude streets almost every build- ing displayed a flag, a transparency, or a gas-light illumination, and the general appearance of these streets could scarcely have been made more handsome. In Bruns- wick-street flags were suspended across the thoroughfares in two or three places. At the National Hotel there was a large trans- parency, and the landlord of the Rifle Brigade Hotel evinced his loyalty by ex- hibiting the motto "Long May they Live," and decorating his premises with wreaths, gar- lands, and flags. At the Champion Hotel the transparency had this inscription—"Victoria's Blessing on Both." The Derby Hotel, in Ger- trude-street, was beautifully decorated. In Napier-street Dr. Hadden had a transparency, with the Scotch motto, "Micht they baith be happy." At eight o'clock an enormous bonfire was lighted on a site at the junction of Greeves and Brunswick streets. About forty tons of fuel had been piled together, and as the foun- dation consisted of a good layer of tar, and tar barrels and other combustibles were thrown amongst the logs, the wood was soon in a glorious blaze, notwithstanding that rain had been falling all day. A grand display of fireworks took place in the vicinity of the bonfire, and an immense concourse of persons assembled to witness them. Barrels of beer and bread and meat were also provided. In the midst of the demonstrations and rejoicings the poor were not forgotten, £25 was voted by the local committee to the Benevolent Society, and the money was dis- tributed on Monday by Mr. Born, on behalf of the Municipal Council, and by Mrs. Ridley, for the ladies of the Benevolent Institute. The money was given away in sums varying from 2s. 6d. to 10s., according to the number and circumstances of each family, and thus many poor people were enabled to have a merry- making who would otherwise perhaps have had no addition to their everyday fare. KEW AND HAWTHORN. Many of the inhabitants of these villages decked and illuminated the windows of their houses, and the town-hall, Hawthorn, was also prettily decorated and illuminated. There were likewise four bonfires made—one on Barker's-hill, Kew ; two in the vicinity of the Hawthorn Town-hall, and the other near Hawthorn Church. They were each com- posed of several tons of fuel, and sent forth heat and flame enough to have served the English Smithfield for many a day when fana- ticism kindled its historic-fires there. These were the principal demonstrations at Kew and Hawthorn, the municipal council of the former place having regaled the children of the village on Monday evening, and the council of Hawthorn having resolved to pro- vide a similar treat for the children in their district to-day. RICHMOND. The wet weather taken for granted, the celebration at Richmond manifested a feeling that no atmospheric influences could much abate. There are in that municipality but few large streets that may rank as leading thoroughfares, but such as there were bore plenty types and marks of the day's rejoicings. It is not too much to say that in the day-time nearly two houses out of three either bore a flag, or was decked up in green and flowers. The actual programme of rejoicings was sadly interfered with by the rain, and at an early hour all idea of a procession was given up. The Richmond Artillery, under Captain Stokes, gave a morning salute of twenty-one guns, at half-past six a.m., with two six pounders. At about eleven, the children began to collect. If they were not to parade in juvenile grandeur, at least the junketings, the sandwiches and cake, the tea and gingerbeer, could not be lightly relinquished, and the word was soon given that St. Stephen's school-rooms were to be the rendezvous. Hither then came the young ones, about 1,200 in number, and not a few adult lookers on. Swings, round- abouts, and all sorts of sports had been provided ; but Docker's-hill, usually so dry, was too much trampled on to be suitable for such exercises. The time, however, was made to pass pleasantly till noon. Then, spite of showers and general discomfort, it was felt that something must be done ; so Captain Stokes brought out his artillery, and Captain, Septimus Martin his riflemen ; the six- pounders were put in position, and the chil- dren mustered. Another salute of twenty- one guns was fired ; and then, taking time from Mr. M. Harvie, who kindly acted as director, the National Anthem was started, with an accompaniment of guns at close intervals, in what we are informed is Russian fashion. The voices of the chil- dren were loudly supplemented by the lookers- on, and altogether the display of loyalty was quite up to the mark. The chil- dren were then taken to the place from whence they came, where the eatables and drinkables were forthcoming, and all were happy enough soon. The adults were like- wise refreshed in the Volunteer drill-room where there were beef, bread, pudding, and beer in sufficiency for a small army. After two oaks had been planted in the church- yard in memory of the day, there was a repe- tition of the refreshments for the juveniles ; and with a view to impress them with a sense of the occasion, they were ad- dressed by the Rev. T. C. Perks, on the sub- ject of the Royal marriage. The other modes of rejoicing were of a kindred nature. Among other celebrants the Richmond firemen should not be forgotten, for they turned out in amazing red coats, and helped willingly in the petty labours of the day. At night the illuminations were very general. The Court- house had no special decoration, save that of candles, but many of the hotels made quite a show. In the Bridge-road the Napier Hotel had a gas star, the Star and Garter was adorned with variegated lamps, and the White Horse Hotel had the Prince of Wales' feathers in transparency. An Irish harp, in trans- parency, was lit up at Cleary's Dove Hotel, in Swan-street, and some minor efforts in the same direction were visible at the railway station. A large quantity of fireworks were discharged in the evening, including the signal rockets, and two large bonfires irradiated their neigh- bourhood for at least half a mile. The ex- penses of the above were defrayed by the Mu- nicipal Council, who voted £75, subscriptions amounting to £100, and ten per cent. thereon given by Mr. J. G. Francis, one of the repre- sentatives of the municipality. EAST MELBOURNE. Nearly all the residents of East Melbourne illuminated the windows in front of their houses, and many of the designs—even where only candles were employed in the illumination —displayed great taste. The balcony in front of the residence of the Mayor, overlooking Fitzroy-gardens, was brilliantly lighted with some scores of small lamps of various coloured glass, and a number of flags were displayed. There was also a beautifully clear trans- parency, consisting of the letters "E. A.," encircled with a floral design, and sur- mounted with the Prince of Wales's crest. Mr. Francis, M.L.A., displayed the Prince's plume, and the letters "A. A." in gas jets in front of his residence. St. Patrick's Collegs and the Scotch College, on the Eastern-hill, were both illuminated, and at the latter esta- blishment there was a display of fireworks. At the top of St. Patrick's Cathedral lights were exhibited, and there was an illuminated cross in its immediate vicinity. There were several illuminations in Victoria-parade, and at the Victoria-parade Brewery two transparencies, entitled, "As I was" and "As I am," were dis- played, the moral of them being the virtues of treble X. TOORAK AND SOUTH YARRA. The same causes which operated to damp the ardour of enjoyment in the Prahran dis- trict affected the smaller localities of Toorak and South Yarra, and the festivities of the day were confined to exhibiting a correct ap- preciation of the creature comforts provided both at free banquets and elsewhere. There was a disposition shown in the principal thoroughfares to decorate and to illuminate the shops and houses. PRAHRAN. The residents of the municipality of Prah- ran had made great preparations for the loyal rejoicings of yesterday ; in almost every street, and in almost every house and cottage, how- ever humble, there was some visible recogni- tion of the dutiful sentiment which Britons ought to feel upon an occasion when an event has occurred which so nearly concerns the future welfare of the fatherland. The muni- cipal authorities led the way, and the inhabitants followed most willingly in the celebration of the auspicious occasion ; an active demonstration committee was formed, with Mr. Phillips and Mr. Lee for its ruling spirits, and arrangements were made for the general enjoyment of all in the locality who chose to partake of the festivities pro- vided. The day was ushered in by Sergeant Dowling and the police under him firing twenty-one volleys of rifles, by way of a Royal salute. At ten o'clock the public procession began to form which was to attend the muni- cipal authorities to the triumphal arch in Chapel-street and Gardiner's Creek-road, where the chairman, Mr. J. B. Crews, was to present congratulatory addresses, to be forwarded by His Excellency to Her Majesty and their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales. The pro- cession, under the direction of Mr. Phillips, was shortly arranged in the following order :— The volunteers of the Prahran corps preceding the chairman and the town clerk, the mem- bers of the municipal societies, the Demon- stration Committee, Oddfellows' and other societies, other residents of the district, with the rear brought up by the local fire brigade, with their engine. It had been understood by the councillors and the committee that Colonel Anderson had promised that the volunteer band should attend, but at the last moment this arrangement was not carried out, and the services of the band were transferred to the South Yarra Committee, who, it appears, have been extremely active in endeavouring to thwart the efforts of the municipal authori- ties and those who supported them in their wish to give feist to the local rejoicings. The only band left to the Prahran councillors on the occasion was the "Band of Hope ;" and the latter, with their broad banner, oc- cupied a prominent place in the proces- sion. Despite the inclemency of the wea- ther, and the larger attractions elsewhere, the muster of the residents was large enough to be highly creditable to their loyal and patriotic feelings, and the councillors, in full evening dress, with their chairman and town clerk at their head, for more than an hour stood at their posts, with the utmost indifference to the discomfort arising from the excessive pluviality of the morning. It appeared, however, that their hope of enjoy- ing the distinction of presenting the first of the long list of congratulatory addresses which the various public bodies in this colony will be anxious to present was doomed to be disappointed, for at about half-past eleven o'clock a note was brought to the chairman, signed by one Wool- ridge, who stated that, by direction of Captain Bancroft, he begged to inform the Chairman of the Prahran Municipal Council that, owing to the inclemency of the weather, the reception of addresses from public bodies had been postponed until Thursday next, or until Her Majesty's birthday. This docu- ment, on its being shown to the other parties interested, appeared to be very ill received, not only from the disappointment it conveyed but also from the medium through which the unwelcome intimation was made. It was shortly resolved that Mr. Phillips should pro- ceed to Toorak, and there ascertain whether there was any authority for the communica- tion. On the return of this gentleman he con- firmed the statement that His Excellency would not receive the addresses that morning for the reason previously given. The procession then returned to the Town-hall, which they reached shortly afternoon, the troubles and disappointments of the morning were soon forgotten, a public dinner open to all was next brought under discussion, and no differences of opinion was expressed as to its abundance or its excellent quality. 500lb. of roast and boiled veal, roast and boiled beef, and roast mutton, 500 loaves, 250lb. plum- pudding, with pickles, porter, and ale, formed the main items of the feast. These were all attacked with hearty goodwill, the volunteer force firing feux de joie as the signal for the diners' taking their seats. In the evening, a large bonfire in Greville-street, with fireworks, and an almost universal illumination (mostly however, on a very small scale), concluded the day's proceedings. At Yarra Lodge Aca- demy were displayed on one side two neat transparencies, executed for the most part by the boys themselves, one representing the crown of England and the star of Brunswick, each encircled by the rose, thistle, and sham- rock ; and the other a large Prince of Wales' feather on a dark ground, and bearing the arms and initials of the princely pair. BRIGHTON. Brighton, of itself, without the numerous visitors who commonly pay the beach a visit on public holidays, seldom presents a bustling aspect, even in the brightest days of spring or autumn ; but yesterday, with strong attrac- tions in town to keep its metropolitan patrons there, and, with an almost unintermitting suc- cession of showers throughout the morning and afternoon, Brighton was dull indeed. The rejoicings were of the most sober and proper kind, and the sports which were to have taken place on the open ground oppo- site the Royal Hotel were postponed. SANDRIDGE. Terribly disappointing to the good people of Sandridge was the ceaseless rain which fell from early morning until far in the after- noon, and greatly did it interfere with the outward expression of their loyalty. The local committee had made their arrangements for the day very well, and they had prepared a tolerably fair programme, but several fea- tures of it had to be dispensed with. The rain, however, did not interfere with the floral and other decorations much, and in these respects so much had been done as to leave little more to be desired. The Court house had in front of it a large trans- parency, exhibiting at the top the Prince of Wales's feathers ; below that on the left hand side the arms of his Royal Highness and on the right hand side those of his fair Prin- cess, with a rose in the centre ; the lower portion of the transparency being occupied with the English and Danish arms, the motto being "Peace, honour, love, and truth, be theirs." In front of the Council-chamber there were an illuminated star and the muni- cipal arms. At the Sugar Works there was also a floral display to a limited extent. There was also outside the building, facing Bay- street, a large transparency, exhibiting portraits of the Prince and Princess, with the motto, "God bless the Royal Pair, Albert and Alexandra ;" while in front of the manager's house there was another transparency showing the Prince of Wales' feather, and the words "God preserve Albert and Alexandra," as well as the words "Eng- land and Denmark." The hotels were almost all of them conspicuous in the display of their loyalty. The Victoria Hotel had over the door a transparency exhibiting the feathers, with the letters "A. E. A.," and the rose, thistle, and shamrock in the corners ; while on a scroll running across the top were the words, "Victoria's future hope." The Sand- ridge Inn displayed a transparency, with the words "God prosper Albert and Alexandra," and below them—rather inappropriately it must be confessed—the words "Grand United Order of Oddfellows." The United States Hotel had over the door a large transparency, showing the Royal arms in the centre, the Prince of Wales' feathers in the top corners, the letters "A. A." in the lower corners, while on a scroll across the top were the words "England's hope." Mr. Swallow, baker, also followed suit with a large and appropriate transparent design. Several of the other hotels exhibited small designs of less note, the prevail- ing one being the feathers and the motto "Ich Dien." Coming to the stores, the most conspi- cuous were undoubtedly those of Messrs. Stewart and Carrick, and Messrs. Donaldson and Co. From the flagstaff of the former there waved a Union Jack of unusually large dimen- sions, while flags of all kinds streamed down- wards from the roof to the street. The store of the latter company was decorated in much the same manner ; and many of the smaller stores and warehouses followed suit, although in a less ambitious manner. Nothing daunted by the ceaseless rain, the volunteers, according to previous arrange- ment, turned out manfully in the early part of the forenoon, and fired the necessary salutes and feus de joie. The out-door portion of the day's doings terminated with the illu- mination in the evening, which was very well managed, and which went off successfully. The bonfires were lighted as dusk was coming on, and the brilliant glare supplied by them contributed greatly to the general effect of the illuminations. These would have been more general but for the fear of fire enter- tained by many of the inhabitants, the great majority of houses being built of no more fireproof material than wood. The only other feature of the committee's programme that need be alluded to was the féte to the children, which took place in the Naval Brigade Orderly- room. Some four hundred children shared in the good things pro- vided for the occasion. The Sandridge station of the railway was prettily decorated with flowers and evergreens, and a very neat floral arch spanned the entrance-gate to the pier. Over the entrance to the station facing the bay there were a crown of flowers, the Prince of Wales' feathers formed of New Zealand grass, with the letters "A.E. & A.;" while in other parts of the company's premises there were arches, garlands, and flags, bearing devices of various kinds ; and here and there were to be seen the arms of the Prince and Princess, with the letters "A. E. A." prettily formed of flowers. But the Melbourne station, as might na- turally have been expected, eclipsed that of Sandridge in its gaiety. In the more conspicuous part of the station, that facing Elizabeth-street, there were an illu- minated crown and Prince of Wales' feathers, with the letters "A.E. & A." on either side, and below the motto "God bless them." Long lines of evergreens and flowers were hung at fixed distances from each other across the whole breadth of the station, while flags of all varieties hung from every available point. Over the southern entrance a noticeable feature of the decorations was the Danish shield, with the words on a scroll "The Rose of Denmark," the shield flanked on both sides with two neat little Union Jacks. On the left of this shield, looking southward, there was a floral crown, and on the right were the Prince of Wales' feathers formed of New Zea- land grass, and the letters "A. E. A." taste- fully worked in flowers. Altogether the sta- tion presented a gay and attractive ap- pearance. The engines running during the day were decorated with flowers, flags, and evergreens, in a most tasteful manner, the handiwork of their respective drivers and stokers ; and we do not remember to have seen on any occasion greater taste and in- genuity evinced in the same manner than was displayed in these decorations, more especially as regards the engines running on the Sand- ridge line. EMERALD HILL. The people of this municipality, albeit the hill is one of the most comfortless localities in the metropolitan district when there is a superabundance of moisture, made a highly creditable celebration of the Royal nuptials. Clarendon street, as the most important thoroughfare in the place, was the most im- posing in matter of decoration. Almost every house was adorned in some way or other. A triumphal arch spanned the road way between the Golden Gate and Royal Hotels, and above it floated a row of hand- some flags. But decorations were not con- fined to Clarendon-street. There was not a lane in the municipality which did not exhibit its banners and its evergreens. The earliest item in the day's proceedings was the roasting of an ox, a sheep, and a pig on the square in front of Market-street. It was ori- ginally proposed that these animals should furnish the staple for a public dinner at four p.m. But the weather disturbed the arrange- ment, and shortly after one o'clock, the meat was distributed, with bread and beer, among all those who chose to avail themselves of the provisions, and take them home. Some rural sports for prizes, varying in amount from £2 to 5s., were appointed to come off on the reserve lying between the Catholic Orphanage and the Butts Station, but the weather com- pelled their postponement until the day named for celebrating Her Majesty's birthday. However, a number of boys assembled on the ground, and made up for their disappointment by letting off fireworks during the day. At six o'clock in the evening, four bon- fires were lighted, and, considering that the material had become saturated with wet, the blaze in each case was pretty success- ful. One bonfire took place on the market reserve, a second on the marketplace square a third opposite the Orphanage, and the fourth, at the foot of Bank-street east. There was also a pyrotechnic display, a large quantity of fireworks having been presented to the municipality by Kong Meng ; and there was a Royal salute by the Emerald Hill battery of Volunteer Artillery. At eight o'clock, a ball was held at the Mechanics' Institute, and as the building can only accommodate 200 dancers, it was determined that every ticket should be available for two hours only. Thus, the party assembling at eight o'clock had to re- tire at ten; and those who then took their places had to leave at midnight, in order to make room for a third detach- ment, by whom the ball was kept up until two o'clock, when the National Anthem was played, and the affair terminated. By this arrangement, amusement was afforded to full 600 people. The illuminations were not very special. This was owing partly to the fact, that the great proportion of the build- ings on the hill are of wood, and partly to the impression that Melbourne would be, in the evening, the centre of attraction. In two instances only, we believe, were gas devices employed. A star, with the initials of the Royal couple, appeared in front of the Great Britain Hotel, and a star was likewise mounted at the post-office. However, a pretty display was made with transparencies and candles. Three transparencies were exhibited at the mechanics' institute. Each represented a staff bearing a crown, or Prince of Wales' plume, around the staff being entwined a riband bearing an inscription. Two of ths inscriptions were taken from "Tennyson's Welcome"—"Sea-kings' daughter from over the sea, Alexandra ;" and "O joy to the people and joy to the throne." Third was, "Loyal to our Queen and Native Land." It is satisfactory to know that amid the general rejoicings, the inmates of those two important institutions on the Hill—the Pro- testant Orphan Asylum and the St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage—were not forgotten. To each of these establishments, Mr. Asher Hann contributed a dinner of roast beef and plum pudding ; while Mr. Benson sent 300 buns, and Mr. Lobett a case of oranges. To the Protestant Asylum were also presented four dozen tins of English jam by Mr. Fordham, and about 100 dozen of Chinese crackers by Mr. Kong Meng ; while a donation of £5 was given by Messrs. Paterson, Ray, and Palmer, to be spent in rejoicings at the sister institu- tion. The Protestant Asylum has at present 178 inmates ; and the number of children in the Catholic Orphanage is 128. The dining- hall of each place was appropriately decorated by the youthful inmates. ST. KILDA. Here, as everywhere else, the unwelcome rain, which continued to fall until the after- noon was well advanced, interfered sadly with the outdoor portion of the day's proceedings. The committee of management had to aban- don more than one interesting feature of their programme, as, for example, the chil- dren's feast and sports in the park. Still, in defiance of all drawbacks, the demonstration within the bounds of the municipality was on the whole a very successful one. The children of the various schools mustered shortly after the hour appointed for their gathering, namely, nine o'clock, and instead of being kept waiting in the rain outside the build- ing, they were accommodated in the town-hall and court-house, both of which were thrown open for their use. Here the little ones, to the number of 600 or 700, contrived to spend the forenoon very pleasantly, with the help of the strains of the Geelong band, and vocal music supplied by such of them as could sing. The children were of course under the care of their respective teachers ; and in addition to them a number of clergymen and lay gentlemen were present during the forenoon. Addresses appropriate to the occasion were delivered by several of those present, and lusty cheers were given by the children for the Queen, Prince and Princess of Wales, and the other members of the Royal family. The luncheon intended to have been set out for them in the park was provided in the Town-hall, and to the sub- stantials set before them, the children did ample justice. This over, there were more music and singing, and then fireworks for use in the evening were distributed, after which the gathering was broken up, and the children separated. The other features of the in- tended out-door part of the demonstrations were the adult procession alluded to in yesterday's issue, composed of various local bodies, members of council, the roasting of a bullock in front of the Village Belle Hotel, and the planting of memorial trees in the names of "Albert Edward" and "Alexandra" in the park. The latter was an especially interesting ceremony. The munici- pality was not so generally gay in the way of decorations as might have been expected ; and these were confined chiefly to the public buildings and the hotels. The Court-house was very tastefully decorated with flowers and evergreens ; and over the principal en- trance there was a floral crown, the Prince of Wales' feathers, and below them the letters "A. E. & A.," while over the Barkly and Grey streets entrances, there were illumi- ated stars. Amongst the few private houses which made any show were those of Mr. Wil- liam Nicholson, M.L.A., in front of which there was a large crown, with supports, and the letters "A. A.," and which, when lighted up, had a fine effect ; of Mr. Van Hemert which were tastefully decorated with flowers, evergreens, and flags ; and one or two others. Amongst the hotels, the Royal George, Pitt's Hotel, the Criterion Hotel (which had a large star over the front entrance, and Chinese lanterns hanging in a row under the verandah), and the Prince of Wales deserved notice. The decorations of the latter were particularly taste- ful. There was a long stream of flags, reach- ing from the flagstaff on the roof of the Hotel almost to the grounds there were over the main entrance four floral crowns and the Prince of Wales' feathers, with an arch formed of flowers and evergreens over all, with flags of various kinds waving from different parts of the building. The different baths were also gay with bunting, most conspicuous amongst them being Hegarty's Gymnasium Baths. The railway station was very taste- fully decorated, indeed, and it was evident that considerable poins had been taken to make it look gay. The interior of the station was covered from platform to roof with flowers and evergreens, and over the principal entrance there was a floral crown and the Prince of Wales' feathers, with the letters "A and A." Of the illuminations in the evening, it is only neces- sary to say that they were successful, although on a comparatively small scale ; and, no doubt, the large bonfires—that on the Red Bluff especially—are to be regarded as the special feature of this poition of the pro- gramme of proceedings. We should add that, while the school children were feted by the committee of management, the poor of the municipality were not forgotten, the Ladies' Benevolent Society attending to their wants. We mentioned yesterday, that the council had given £100 towards the expenses of the rejoicings, and the private subscriptions, none of them being larger than three guineas, amounted to about £200. HOTHAM. The cordial manner in which the inhabi- tants of Hotham gave themselves up yester- day to the unrestrained amusements of a universal holiday reflects the greatest credit upon the unanimous loyalty of that munici- pality. The arrangements decided upon in the advertised programme were, with one or two trifling exceptions, carried out, in spite of many obstacles not anticipated when this programme was adopted. A large number of the inhabitants assembled at the hour noti- fied in the neighbourhood of the court- house, although many doubts were entertained as to whether the proposed procession would become a reality. The proceedings were inaugurated by Mr. Gell, chairman of the municipality, who invited the clergy and magistrates, and also the members of the committee of arrangement, to a champagne lunch in the court-house. This afforded an opportunity for several patriotic toasts and brief speeches in reference to the occasion. The question as to whether the procession should take place in spite of the pouring rain was soon decided in the affirmative, its lead- ing members mustering courage and umbrellas, and forming order in the street in the front of the court-house. The procession was headed, of course, by a band, and next in order came the officers of the municipality and the members of the committee. These were followed by the members of the Hotham Court of Foresters, in full regalia, preceded by a large and gorgeous emblematic banner. The children of the municipality collected, irre- spective of creed or school attendance, to the number of about 400 or 600, composed the after part of the procession. At the start, the procession filed under the fine triumphal arch erected by Mr. Sterling, of the Court-house Hotel, across Queensberry-street, and passed through several of the principal streets of Hotham. At the termination of their march the procession dispersed, the adult portion ad- journing to the Volunteer Orderly rooms in Chetwynd-street, lent for the day by the cap- tains of the respective corps, where a plentiful luncheon was provided, and renewed as re- quired throughout the day, open to all willing to partake of it. Music was provided by the volunteer and other bands ; and these rooms were the principal centres of attraction during the whole of the day, being frequented by large numbers. It had been intended to con- duct the children to the Royal Park, and to regale them there with the good things pro- vided for them, but the weather not permit- ting this intontion to be carried out, as the best substitute for this arrangement they were marched back to Errol- street to the National School, which was placed for the day at the disposal of the committee by Mr. Matting- ley. Here they were plentifully regaled with buns, sweetmeats, fruits, &c.;, and appeared thoroughly to enjoy themselves, in spite of the wetting which many of them underwent in their perambulation of the municipality. It was believed that about a thousand children shared in the repast, the number that marched in procession being considerably augmented by those who came direct from their houses to the school-rooms. The inten- tion of the committee to roast a bullock whole was also relinquished, in consequence of the weather, and they decided as the best way of disposing of the carcase to send it to the Benevolent Asylum. Altogether, in spite of the steadily falling rain, and the excessively muddy streets of the neighbour- hood, the people appeared determined to make the best of their holiday, and no inci- dents occurred throughout the day to dis- arrange the harmony of the proceedings. We have mentioned the arch erected by Mr. Ster- ling across Queensberry-street ; it was con- structed of evergreens, and surmounted with a bunch of the same arranged in the form of a large fleur-de-lis, and was certainly a very elegant erection. The decorations adopted for the Town-hall were two large transparen- cies. The one fronting Queensberry-street represented the arms of the municipality enwreathed with roses and supported by two cupids. That towards Errol-street was com- posed of two large portraits of the Prince of Wales and his bride, surmounting a group of flags of the nationalities of England and Den- mark. A large bonfire was kindled at dusk, adjoining the Flemington-road, and, in con- junction with this, ruddy beacons to northward lighted upon the properties of Messrs. Hugh Glass and Rigby, and that at the top of Elizabeth-street, adjoining the old cattle yards, appeared like a chain of signal-fires answering each other from hill to hill. SIMPSON'S-ROAD. The inhabitants of this locality had made great preparations to celebrate the Royal marriage with hearty and enthusiastic de- monstrations of joy. Many of the houses were adorned with flags, wreaths, and other decorations, and there was a good sprinkling of gas devices and transparencies. Two gay triumphal arches were also erected across the road, one near the Simpson's Hotel, and the other at the Eureka Hotel. Messrs. Shelley, Matthews, and Sinclair, had provided a roasted bullock, which it was intended to distribute in the open air, along with a barrel of beer, and a supply of bread. A variety of old English sports had also been arranged. The rain which poured down necessitated considerable de- partures from the programme, but it was adhered to as much as possible. The feasting, however, was indoors instead of in the open air, but this did not destroy the appetite or zest of the people. Balls were held at the North Richmond and other hotels, and the activities and rejoicings were kept up in a variety of ways until a late hour. CARLTON. This district, not to be behind others in the festival, not only had one, but two or three separate demonstrations, of a greater or less extent, in the various parts of the ward. The houses were dressed with lines of evergreens and flags, and the illumination in the evening was very general, but mostly confined to composite, sperm, or tallow ; Mr. Hall, of Lygon-street, gasfitter, being about the only one employing gas, forming a handsome star. There were several transparencies ; and, amongst others, we observed the following:— At Aitken's flour-mills, one consisting of the Prince of Wales' feathers and motto "Ich dien," and surmounted by the initials "A.E.A.," the whole crowned by the cheering words, "Peace and plenty." The Orderly-room had the Royal arms in transparency surmounting its doorway. The University Hotel, Mr. Plomer ; Mr. Drummond's ; Mr. Treleski's, wood-carver, Lygon-street ; Mr. Butler (of Cobb's coaches), and some other in- habitants, mounted similar transparencies. Mr. Clapperton, of Madeline-street, whose upper floor was completely embowered in foliage, had an illuminated Crown, in lamps ; and Mr. Cameron, of the Canada Hotel, the transparency "A. E. A." In Upper Carlton, Mr. Collins gave a bullock, and Mr. Smith two sheep, to be roasted ; Mr. Cole, 170 loaves, and Messrs. Holmes and Woodhill 200lb. of plum- pudding ; Mr. Purcell a barrel of ale, and Mr. Norman a barrel of porter. At midnight on the preceding eve, the fleshly viands com- menced to roast, and the Upper Carltonians, desirous no doubt to throw a thorough light on the subject, ignited their bonfire at the same time. The roast beef must have been of a very appetizing nature, for it was all de- molished to the very bones by ten o'clock yesterday morning ; the first taste being taken at four a.m., by about a dozen who were the roasting cooks, and thought it high time then to take an early breakfast. Of the bread that was left, the poor are to have it by applying to Mr. Coles, of Albion-street. The scene of the al fresco kitchen was Macarthur-place, and, according to the testimony of all witnesses, everything went off exceedingly well, the Upper Carl- tonians determining, with a balance of subscriptions of £3 2s. 6d. in hand, to put off on account of the weather and mud, their sports to the Queen's birthday. The other double demonstration came off on the Government square, opposite the University Hotel, and on the open space op- posite the Artillery Hotel, in Elizabeth-street; Councillors Story, Weedow, and Goldsmith being the presiding powers in the respective localities, the corporation grant of £10 being, as we believe, divided between Councillors Story and Weedow, the latter also giving 200 loaves of bread to the poor. The inevitable bonfires were raised by quota from nearly all the Carltonians, the piles being fired at dusk, after being jealously watched all day to pre- vent the juvenile element of the population from abstracting the tarry and other consti- tuents for bonfires on their own account. The whole entertainments wound up with a dis- play of fireworks at each of the two localities. FLEMINGTON. A stranger entering Flemington yesterday could see but very little indication of the celebration of the holiday which surrounding municipalities were commemorating with such spirit. The shops were certainly closed, and all business suspended, but there was nothing which differed from the ordinary Sunday appearance of the place, except a poor and scanty sprinkling of flags and evergreens at the doors of some of the principal shops. It seems that the determination of the inhabitants was to go into Melbourne, and witness the celebration there, thus saving the trouble and expense of carry- ing out a similar procedure themselves. We understand that at a meeting, held the previous evening, it was arranged to form a committee to collect subscriptions, and ex- pend them in furnishing a treat to the school children of the place, to be given to-day, the meeting considering that it would not be ad- visable to make any provision for Tuesday which would interfere with the intention of the inhabitants of the place to get away to Melbourne. We may mention that at night a bonfire was lighted on the hill top, on the left hand of the passer through Flemington going northward, on the property of Mr. Hugh Glass, and another on the ground of Messrs. Cosgrave and Rigby, both furnished by the gentlemen to whom the ground belongs. A triumphal arch was also thrown across the Essendon Railway, at the Kensing- ton Station. BRUNSWICK. The Sydney-road, through the township of Brunswick, presented a gay and lively ap- pearance, from the profusion of variously- coloured flags with which the houses on each side of the road were decorated. The employ- ment of evergreens for purposes of decoration was not nearly so universal here as in the streets of Melbourne, the presence of growing shrubs and natural trees within sight render- ing this style of ornamentation superfluous. A line of flags was stretched across the road against the Sarah Sands Hotel, and another op- posite the Retreat, and, although hanging wet, dripping, and motionless, and terribly sugges- tive of washing day, they still contributed some- thing to the picturesqueness of the place, and announced that its inhabitants were bent upon a holiday. A triumphal arch of evergreens spanned the road, opposite the court house springing from the half altitude of two lofty posts, one on each side of the way, on the high tops of which tar-barrels were placed, and lighted at dusk. This spot, occupying the hill-top, and being the loftiest ground in the vicinity, the swarthy glare of these gigantic torches must have been visible to a great dis- tance around. On the under side of the arch hung an oblong-shaped transparency, bearing upon a pink ground the words "May God bless the Prince and Princess of Wales." This was the starting place for the procession, which assembled undeterred by the mud and the rain. Headed by the band of the Pentridge Volunteers, and composed of many of the in- habitants of Brunswick, and the children of the different schools, the procession marched down through the township as far as thr Sarah Sands Hotel, and then back to the Retreat Hotel. Here it dispersed—the children going to the Wesleyan Chapel, where a plentiful en- tertainment was provided for them ; and its grown-up members adjourning to the paddock adjoining the hotel, where a bullock, provided by the municipality, and roasted whole, awaited them. This was immediately attacked by the crowd, and slices of beef and bread were handed round to all those who chose to par- take. Several salutes were fired from a small piece of ordnance, lent to the municipality for the occasion by Mr. Champ, of Pentridge. A booth was erected and music provided for the convenience of dancers, and many groups en- gaged in different parts of the paddock in football and other similar sports. At night a bonfire was lighted, and a display of fire- works let off ; and the whole company present although wet and mud-bespattered, appeared to enjoy themselves, and to spend their holi- day merrily, in spite of all drawbacks. The amount given by the corporation was £20, and private subscriptions were raised, exclu- sive of that amount, to the extent of some £96. A sum of £5 had also been devoted by the corporation for flags. PENTRIDGE. Pentridge would not suffer itself to fall be- hind on the occasion. 160 flags were made for the purposes of a procession, which was to have taken place, but for the unfortunate weather. However, the Volunteers assembled, fired a gun at noon, presented arms, and then gave a feu de joie, winding up with three cheers for the Prince, and three cheers for the Princess, and then three for the two united. Seventy-two men were on the ground, under the command of Lieut.-Colonel Champ. At midnight, the preceding eve, a gun was fired, and a bullock commenced to roast, being christened by one of the oldest in habitants of Pentridge, Mr. J. Kendel, with brandy. At sunrise another gun was fired, and a cheer given for the opening of the auspicious day, and the Union-jack raised on a staff seventy feet high, placed in the centre of the wood piled for the bonfire, such bonfire being lit at dusk by the hand of the prettiest lady in the neighbourhood. (We are credibly informed that such is the fact, but do not wish to take the onus of the judgement on our own shoulders.) Foot, barrow, and sack races, and numerous other amusements, were indulged in by pro- vision of the committee, who numbered ten, and whose endeavours received material aid from Mr. Duncan and the various officers of the Penal department. Between £70 and £80 was collected by private subscriptions. In addition to the roast bullock, which was consumed with great gusto by the assembled guests, there was a plum-pudding of, some 160lb., and a barrel of ale ; and then for the children, fifty dozen of buns, and 100lb. of plum- cake, and oh, delicious thought! 80lb. of lollies. After the children had been regaled, at about one p.m. they were addressed by Lieutenant- Colonel Champ on the objects of the feast, and the solid portion of the entertainment having been duly discussed, they of course showed a laudable amount of juvenile enthu- siasm and loyalty, and then dispersed to in- dulge in the various amusements provided for them. We may mention that the three marquees for refreshment were provided by the Penal department, who were most cordial in their aid ; and to the Pent- ridge Road Board was due the palm for initiating the nucleus of the subscription. The prisoners were not forgotton in the gene- ral rejoicings, and in the Panopticon, no doubt, many were surprised at the unwonted luxury of tea for breakfast, that being to them the inauguration of their participation, in the festivity of the day. Other good cheer was in store for them throughout the twenty four hours, and prison discipline was so far relaxed as to permit performances of a dra- matic character, singing, &c.;, which were most excellently carried out. In the way of illu- mination, the front of the Stockade was deco- rated with the Prince of Wales' feathers. Mr. Moran, of the Pentridge Hotel, had a star and crown, in gas, and Mr. Hunt, the chemist, had a similar gas illumination. NORTHCOTE. The quiet suburban district of Northcote, in order to take time by the forelock in its loyalty, gave a salute of twenty-one guns at midnight on Monday, the salute being the signal for the first turn of the spit on which the ox given by Mr. Mitchell was im- paled ; the National Anthem being then struck up by those assembled, and followed by other patriotic songs, after which the folk retiring to their homes, left the bullock to its watchers. The day did not dawn auspi- ciously, but the Northcotians were not to- be daunted, and in spite of the weather, the festivities were proceeded with. The principal scene was Upper or North Northcote ; but Lower Northcote, or Northcote Proper, the original Government township, had also its separate demonstration. In each a line of flags was carried across the road, and ever greens and bunting adorned the houses. The materials of the Upper Northcote feast were given by Mr. Mitchell, one ox ; Mr. Plant, one hogshead of ale ; Mr. Jackson, bread at discre- tion ; Mr. Oliver, also a butcher, giving money equivalent, as two bullocks were not required. Various subscriptions enabled a supply of cakes and other delicacies cal- culated to suit the children's palate, to be provided for them. The watchers did their duty well, the bullock was well done, and when done, eaten quickly, in a large tent erected by Mr. Plant adjoining his hotel for the purpose ; and also for dancing, which was afterwards indulged in ; together with various sports, such commencing at 2.30 p.m., and being carried on till dusk, when the bon- fire was ignited, and blazed up most enthu- siastically. A band of music aided in enliven- ing the scene in Lower Northcote, two English oaks were planted in the Church of England ground, that not only the pleasures of the day might serve as a remembrance, but that a lasting memento might be created of the occasion ; and it is to be hoped they may long flourish to chronicle the fact. This was followed by a feast to the children of the township, the subscriptions being given in kind by the inhabitants, and furnishing forth a most plenteous and somewhat recherche meal. Sports of various kinds followed. We were not able to hear of any illuminations taking place in the township. FOOTSCRAY, BRAYBROOK, AND MAID- STONE. The inhabitants of those localities were, much to their regret, prevented by the un- toward weather yesterday from having all the out-door amusements they had drawn up in their programme, but they were determined to, at all events, have as much of it as they could. Accordingly, the volunteers com- menced firing a salute by eight a.m.; with the Armstrong guns, and throughout the day the inhabitants persevered in their endeavours to be blithe, and enjoy the occasion. The new road to Melbourne, built under the auspices of the Braybrook Road Board, was so far completed that the bridge across the swamp, near the North Melbourne Sta- tion, was opened. It is 120 feet long by twenty feet wide, and built, together with the road, by Mr. J. Mills, of Emerald-hill. At the opening, a hogshead of XXX, a large cheese, and abundance of bread and other eatables formed a satisfactory lunch for those as- sembled ; and after due justice had been done to these, the chairman of the road board, having complimented Mr. Mills on the suc- cess of his undertaking, christened the structure "Albert Bridge." Various sports, were indulged in in the townships during the day, and bonfires blazed and fireworks were let off in the evening. Music and dancing were also not wanting to enliven the scene. (For continuation of rejoicings see page 3.) THE ROYAL MARRIAGE. (Continued from page 7.) WILLIAMSTOWN. What Williamstown undertook to do in the matter of the Royal nuptial celebration, Wil- liamstown yesterday, almost to the letter, cre- ditably accomplished. Despite the cheerless depression induced by the drizzling rain, and the equivocal prospect held forth of a muddy promenade, the "dreadnoughts" of the "fish- ing village," true to their colours, mustered in force at the rendezvous in the town-hall reserve with praiseworthy punctuality. At eleven o'clock in the forenoon, the proces- sion, under the direction of Mr. La Roche, was marshalled in the same order as de- tailed in yesterday's Argus, and then proceeded with music and colours through the appointed thoroughfares to the bat- tery at the Point, where a Royal salute was fired with precision and effect by the Naval Brigade from the sixty-eight pounders. a feu-de-joie was then fired by the Naval Bri- gade, Artillery, and Rifle corps, and three cheers given by all present for the Queen, and three for the Prince and Princess. The procession then re-formed and proceeded to the Town- hall, which was gaily decorated with shrubs and flowers, and the ceremony of planting the memorial oaks was gone through. A brief but discriminate oration was delivered by Mr. G. F. Verdon, M.L.A., who said that an occa- sion like that seldom occurred and especially under such happy auspices. Although at a distant end of the earth, they had met on that occasion with as much enthusiastic loyalty as if they had been in the heart of Her Ma- jesty's empire. Mr. Verdon then gave a happy definition of what constituted British loyalty, and proceeded to observe that the oaks which had just been planted were symbolical of Old England, and the maritime enterprise which had founded the colonies of Australasia. At the conclusion of the speech, a Royal salute was fired by the Naval Brigade from the howitzers on Thompson-street Bridge. The volunteers were then marched into the Cus- toms reserve, and regaled by Lieutenant Macfarlane and his brother officers. Lieu- tenant Harley, R.N.R., of the Red Jacket, was attached to the Naval Brigade. The assemblage, after dispersing, proceeded to the scene of the afternoon's festivities. The sodden and sloppy condition of the ground effectully put a stop to the sports and athletic exercises, but great fun and hilarity prevailed around the fire where the bullocks were being done to a turn. Great praise is due to the cooks for the admirable manner in which they acquitted themselves in their arduous task ; and the participants of the good cheer seemed to relish it heartily. One of the carcases on being hoisted from the fire, came to premature grief, through the pulleys giving way, but the damage was speedily rectified. Eating and drinking were the order of the day ; and at dusk the huge bonfire— some forty feet in height—was lit up, and blazed until a late hour right merrily. The fireworks were let off under the direction of Mr. Ellery, from a stage erected for the pur- pose. In addition to the floral decorations which were scattered broadcast over the dis- trict, many of the residences were illuminated in the evening in the good old style, with candles. The most prominent drawback to the enjoyments of the day was the absence, owing to the rain, of great numbers of chil- dren, who would otherwise have heartily enjoyed themselves. THE BAY. The dense wet canopy which overhung Hobson's Bay until yesterday afternoon, when it was partially removed, completely nullified the otherwise very fine effect which would have been produced if the atmosphere had been less cloudy. As it was, the shipping of the various piers and in the bay was, with but few exceptions, dressed out with flags and evergreens. Conspicuous among others, was our own compact little screw-steamer Vic- toria, which was not only in full dress herself, but had some of her boats in the same gaudy trim. There was also the stiffer and more stately-looking cor- vette, Djambi, whose display of bunting rivalled in the variety of its colours the hues of the renowned tulips of the Netherlands. The Blue Jacket had a very fine appearance, from the way in which her colours were dis- posed at each yard-arm ; and so also had the Government schooner Empire, which had put on her holiday attire for the occasion. Almost every craft that could command a stitch of bunting had it displayed to the best advan- tage, and where flags were at a premium, other means were resorted to, to eke out the decora- tions. The railway steamer Kangaroo, to make up for her scanty show of bunting, was covered with a small forest of evergreens, and looked not unlike a floating arbour. The echoes of the bay were first roused from their dull re- pose by the firing of a signal-gun from H.M.C.S. Victoria, immediately after which she dressed ship, and was followed in due course by the Djambi. A Royal salute was fired by the Blue Jacket, under the command of Captain White. In the evening, similar salute were fired by the Red Jacket at eight o'clock, and by the Victoria and Djambi at nine o'clock. All three vessels also illumi- nated ; and had the night been clearer, the display on the water would have had a much grander effect. THE FEMALE REFUGE. For this institution Mr. Bennet, the butcher, gave two legs of pork ; Messrs. Scott and Kennedy, a packet of groceries ; Mr. Ben- craft, one bag of flour and twelve tins of groats ; Mr. Dodgshun, one box of candles ; and Mrs. Barker, Victoria-parade, a supply of cakes. The inmates were regaled with a good dinner and tea, and participated, as far as the requirements of the institution would permit, in the rejoicings of the occasion. KYNETON. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) MAY 19. In spite of the incessant rain, the celebra- tion has been carried on here with the greatest spirit. A very large procession hav- ing been formed, composed of volunteers, farmers, and townspeople—some in vehicles, some on horseback, and some on foot—the prin- cipal streets were paraded to the Botanical Gardens, where Mr. H. Jarrett, chairman of the municipality, Mr. Boulton, captain of volunteers, and Mr. Vance, planted trees in honour of the Queen and the Prince and Prin- cess of Wales. Refreshments were provided for all who chose to partake of them, and for the children, in the evening there were a bonfire, fireworks, and a general illumination. No- where in Her Majesty's dominions was there a more hearty or spontaneous expression of loyalty, and regard for the Royal Family. GEELONG. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Although the good town of Geelong has long been sneered at by Melbourne and some of its inland rivals, and has rather unjustly been treated to more kicks than halfpence, and though her people have been occasionally, and perhaps deservedly, declared slow and dull in the management of their political and commercial affairs, there is no instance on record of our loyalty to our Queen and country having ever been challenged. Had such been the case, the jubilant demonstra- tion of joy that burst forth simultaneously this day would have most effectually extin- guished any such latent suspicions. Though our means of "flashing floods of fire," and of otherwise demonstrating our joy at the great event—the marriage of the Prince of Wales— celebrated this day, are not equal to those of Melbourne, still the feeling in the hearts of our townspeople was quite as sincere in their manifestations of joy as that of any people within the British dominions. The town council having taken the initiative in the matter of these rejoicings, and having voted £100 for the purpose of making them go off with éclat, other public bodies took the matter up, such as the Artillery Brigade, the Geelong troop of Victoria Light Horse, the fire brigade, &c.;, while very handsome subscrip- tions were sent in from private firms and in- dividuals ; and it was finally arranged that the great holiday to-day should be ushered in this morning by a Royal salute of twenty-one guns from the garrison gun battery on the beach. The artillery brigade were then to fall in on the drill-ground, and march with two batteries up to the rendezvous near the gaol, where a feu de joie was to be fired, and the order of procession formed for a march through the town by the various public bodies, and as many citizens as chose to attend. Arrangements were also made for a grand illumination in the evening, and for a display of fireworks, and a large bonfire, during which two batteries of the artillery brigade would fire minute guns. Nor was this the best part of the arrangements, for feeling that it was difficult to persuade people to enjoy such a holiday on empty stomachs, a most profuse feast was prepared for about 2,500 children and nearly 1,000 adults of both sexes. The liberality of Mr. Burrow also supplied a souvenir in the shape of a number of medals distributed to the orphan school children, recording the auspi- cious event they had met to celebrate by the eating of buns and lollies, and drinking lemonade and tea. Nor were the prisoners in the gaols forgotten ; everyone was cared for, the sheriff and collector of Customs having ar- ranged to supply them with extra food, ale, and tobacco. The contributions from the tradesmen of the town to the store of food necessary to supply so many people were very liberal. Barrels of ale, hams, cheese, bottled stout, gingerbeer, lemonade, raisins, tea, sugar, buns, biscuits, cakes, tobacco, pipes, &c.;, were poured in upon the committee with the greatest profusion. The native forests, and the gardens in the suburbs, were ransacked for leaves and flowers to decorate triumphal arches, shop fronts—among which the most conspicuous emblems were the Crown and the initials "A." and "A." Besides this, every bit of available bunting that could be procured was enlisted for the occasion ; and all the principal build- ings in town were decorated with flags, among which the most conspicuous were the British and Danish. The most complete arrange- ments had also been made for making the illumination in the evening as complete as possible. What was generally expected, and universally hoped to be, a bright and sunny morning, turned out, to the mortification of thousands of recently joyous hearts, to be a cold cheerless day of pelting rain. The rejoicings, however, passed off with éclat. Shortly after dark the fire brigade turned out in full strength, and had a torch-light proces- sion, the weather still being very cloudy and threatening. After this, the bonfire was lighted, the town illuminated, and the bat- teries kept up for some time a brisk fire ; the streets, despite the mud and water, being per- fectly thronged with sightseers, and the youngsters indulging in their own display of fireworks. The demonstration in Geelong, in honour of the Royal marriage, may be pro- nounced a decided success. SANDHURST. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) MAY 19 For many days past great preparations have been made by all classes, not alone on Sandhurst, but in all the out gullies, to cele- brate the Royal marriage in a style worthy of Bendigo. All the banks and public buildings (with the exception of the Government offices) have been extensively and artistically deco- rated with flags, gasfittings, green boughs, and transparencies. The principal streets and thoroughfares are one continuous line of foliage, and it is a marvel where so much hunting came from. All were on the qui vive, and it was determined that Bendigo should turn out in tens of thousands. Unfortunately, the day opened with heavy continuous rain, accompanied towards mid-day with a fresh gale. Despite these untoward circumstances, a very respect- able procession turned out, headed by the municipal council, and consisting of a fair muster of volunteers, cavalry and rifles. The magistracy, most of our principal citizens, a few public bodies, and three bands, started from the Town-hall, proceeded to the Park, and planted an English oak and a tree of paradise, in memory of the Prince and Prin- cess. The chairman read an address to Her Majesty, after which the Rifles fired a feu-de- joie. It was intended to have had numerous old English games, which were postponed until the Queen's Birthday, when it is intended to have a close holiday, a second illumination, and a second ball, weather permitting. The illu- minations to-night are expected to be very striking. A ball in the Town-hall, under the auspices of the municipal council, who on this occasion have come out creditably, is expected to be a decided success, and our handsome Town-hall is to be one blaze of light. Bonfires are to be lit on the principal hills. BALLARAT.—Towards night-fall on Monday preparations for roasting the bullocks in- tended for consumption to-day were com- pleted, and the persons charged with the duty assumed command of the spits erected in Sturt-street and Peel- street Market. Large quantities of firewood had been thrown down adjacent to each spot, and the spitted bullocks were made to revolve between two fires, and distil their fatness into large pans beneath. The wind, however, had such a strong ten- dency to the westward, that in each case the furthermost fire was of little or no use, while that to the eastward had a tendency to scorch rather than to roast. The unusual sight attracted at each place a large number of persons, curious to observe a process with which in many ways they were so un- familiar ; but the cold night air drove them off, one by one, and before midnight none but their cooks kept the bullocks company. The arrangements for to- day's celebration of the marriage of the Prince of Wales and the Princess Alexandra have been at last con- cluded, and should the weather continue fine the public-spirited members of committee will, no doubt, see ample cause for pride at the holiday they have laboured so hard to provide for. The townsfolk have well se- conded the committee, and all day yesterday triumphal arches, evergreens, transparencies, "big A's," Prince's feathers, stars, flags, and devices of all sorts were in busy preparation or arrangement for to day's and to-night's dis- play. The fencing-in of the bullock-roasting places was proceeded with, the fuel laid down, and the spits erected. The gift bullocks were ready early in the day. Messrs. Power, Rutherfoed, Ettershank, and Co.'s bullock was exhibited at Paterson's shop above the Theatre Royal ; Messrs. Hepburn and Leonard's was exhibited along the street and spitted triumphantly in Sturt-street early in the evening, ready for the roast. Mr. Sweeney's was exhibited in Ballarat East, and all at- tracted crowds of admiring spectators. The donors of other good things sent in their gifts, and in the Mechanics' Institute were to be seen piles of cake, plum pudding, lollies, bis- cuits, sugar, flour, tea, fruit, and other nice edibles, ready for the feast ; and for the dis- tribution of all these loads of luscious things the committee has made particular arrangements. The schools will muster at eleven a.m., and the procession will start at twelve o'clock, the volunteers of both arms mustering at half-past nine a.m. for parade. In the early morning a public prayer meeting will take place opposite to the Town-hall, in Sturt-street, and a meeting for a similar purpose at the Congregational Church is advertised. The children will be, weather permitting, feasted in the cricket ground, where seats for 4,000 or 5,000 have been fixed. In the afternoon, the roast bul- locks, bread, and ale, will be served in Sturt- street, and in Peel-street Market, each guest to provide his own knife and fork. To assist in the maintenance of order during the day and evening, special constables will be sworn in, in aid of the police force, and all vehicles will, if possible, be prohibited from tra- versing the Main-road and Sturt-street be- tween the hours of seven and ten in the evening. At the theatres in the even- ing there will be special entertainments. The performances form part and parcel of the day's rejoicings. Miss Emma Howson is to appear as Britannia, and will lead in "God Save the Queen,'' as also in the Danish Na- tional song, "King Christian stood by the Lofty Mast," which has been especially har- monized for the occasion by Mr. F. A. How- son. There will be a great display of scenery, flags, wreaths, bannerets, &c.;, in order to make the tableau as effective as possible, and there is no doubt the in-door amusements provided at this theatre will prove very attractive to the pleasure-loving community.—Star, May 19. CRESWICK.—The Creswick Royal Marriage Rejoicings Committee has made the follow- ing arrangements for this day :—The Cres- wick Volunteers will proceed to the re- creation-ground, and there fire a feu de joie. The children will lunch at half-past twelve o'clock, and the procession will be formed at half-past one o'clock in the follow- ing order:—Volunteer band, Volunteers, mu- nicipal council, fire brigade, magistrates, medical and legal professions, clergy, road board, brass band, Oddfellows, Foresters, children of the various schools, the gene- ral public. After perambulating the town, the procession will proceed to the recreation ground, where various sports will be provided. In Raglan-street a bullock will be roasted whole, as also sheep stuffed with sausages. At the same place another bullock will be cut up into pieces and distributed ; bread and beef will be distributed in Raglan-street, bread and cheese in the Market-square, and ale in front of the Orderly-room, Cambridge- street. There will be one bonfire on the Eastern-hill and another on Church-hill. The hospital will be illuminated, as also various buildings in the town. Fireworks will be let off from a platform in Market-square, and a piece of ground in the same place will be floored for dancing.—Star, May 19. CASTLEMAINE.—Fine weather is all that is required to make this day memorable in the chronicles of colonial public demonstrations. If Sol is as loyal as we may presume him to be, this day will be one of glorious autumn sun- shine ; but should the rain descend, our loyalty and the public enthusiasm will not be quenched. Our "ineffectual fires" may pale, but the spirit of loyal delight and public gra- titude at the auspicious event which this colony this day celebrates, will still exhibit itself in a variety of ways. The proces- sion, the review and sham fight, the fete, the ball, and torchlight proces- sion, the illumination, the pyrotechnic display and bonfires, and, finally, the monster free dinner, all promise to be of the most suc- cessful character. Every preparation ap- pears to have been made, both by private individuals and public bodies, which loyal ingenuity, and a regard for the credit of Cas- tlemaine, could suggest. The free dinner will be ready, and open to all comers, in the Mar- ket-square, at seven p.m. The ox, given by the chairman of the municipality, will of course form the chief " dish,"—a monster dish, worthy of the days of giants ; three sheep, given by Mr. F. Beddard, of the Royal Hotel, will also be cooked whole and served up ; bread and potatoes will be served ad libitum, and in order to make the dinner thoroughly old-English in its character, plum- pudding will also be supplied. The council have taken up a suggestion which we made a few days since, and will cause twelve strokes to be given on the great fire- bell at half-past six o'clock p.m., as a signal for the illumina- tions, bonfires, transparencies, &c.;, to be lit. At midnight, twelve other strokes will be sounded as a signal to those who choose to extinguish their celebration fires. The Albert and Alexandra oaks will be planted this morning, with due ceremony, in the centre of the Botanic Reserve. This ceremony, though not a very exciting one, is one of the most interesting in the day's proceedings.—Mount Alexander Mail, May 19. LEARMONTH.—At Learmonth, in addition to a bonfire on Bunker's-hill on an extensive scale, the managers of the fund raised for the commemoration of the Prince of Wales's nuptials have found the moneys at their dis- posal sufficient to cover the cost of a pyro- technic display, for which arrangements are being made, though, from the great demand in the Ballarat market for all descriptions of fireworks, it is doubtful whether the material can be procured in such large quantities as is desired. Mr. G. G. Morton, M.L.A., intends at his own cost to have a large bonfire on the hill adjoining his residence at Labona, and the residents near Mount Blowhard talk of a similar pyre on their well-known mount. At the Springs Township, also, in addition to the bonfire on the highest peak of Mount Bolton, a pyrotechnic display is to take place. Ballarat Star, May 19. MARYBOROUGH.—At twelve o'clock a proces- sion will be formed on the Market- square, the order of which will of course greatly depend upon the attendance of the various bodies in- vited. The volunteers will take the lead after the band, and the Road Board, magis- trates, Oddfellows, German Association, miners, schools, trades, &c.;, will form a part. Prince's Park will be the rallying point of the day, as there the memorial trees will be planted, the sports enjoyed, and the feux-de-joie fired by the Rifle Corps. An ox, the generous gift of Mr. Marmaduke Clarke, will be roasted entire, and ample provision will be made for feasting and amusement for the children. A torch- light procession will be formed by the Fire Brigade at seven o'clock, at which time a bonfire of colossal dimensions will be kindled on Bristol-hill. Fireworks will be displayed on the Market-reserve, and a grand ball at the Golden Age Hotel,—kindly granted for the occasion by Messrs. Joske Brothers, of Melbourne,—will wind up the proceedings of the festive day. That it will be one of enjoy- ment for all classes and ages, provided we have fine weather, there can be no sort of doubt.—Advertiser, May 17. TARRENGOWER.—At twelve o'clock, the warden and magistrate, members of the municipal council, Masonic brethren, foresters, &c.;, Odd Fellows, society members of the various religious bodies and school children, will assemble in the Market-square, and having formed in procession will march through the principal streets, accompanied by the Maldon Band. On their return to the Market-reserve, Mrs. McKenzie and Mrs. War- rock will perform the ceremony of plant- ing two English oaks, kindly presented for the occasion by Mr. Aldridge, and brought by that gentleman from Windsor Home Park in the form of acorns. At the conclusion of the ceremony a salute of twenty-one guns will be fired, and the youngsters will be duly christened Albert Edward and Alexandra. In the afternoon the school children and others will be regaled with tea and buns, the tea and sugar being given by Mr. James War- noch, C.M.C. At night-fall a torchlight pro- cesion will be formed, and proceed to the summit of the mount, where a monster bon- fire will be lit, with fireworks, and as a wind- up a ball is to be given.—Castlemaine Daily News, May 19. OVERLAND TO BRITISH COLUMBIA.—The Quebec papers represent the result of the recent visit of Canadian delegates to this country as likely to be an arrangement with an English company for the construction of a telegraphic line and a waggon express road from Canada to the Pacific, the Canadian Government guaranteeing four per cent. on £500,000 of capital. It is stated that the Imperial Government, while refusing to meet the requirements which were made on behalf of Cannda, is not unwilling to furnish "large material aid on behalf of the British posses- sions on the Pacific." The Toronto Globe says :—"The territory between us and the Rocky Mountains, if not occupied by us, will be filled by Americans. The richness of its soil, the extent of its mineral treasures, its magnificent lake and river navigation, make it the most attractive country on the face of the earth as yet unoccupied by civilized man. If Canada acquires this territory it will rise in a few years from the position of a small and weak province to be the greatest colony any country has ever possessed, able to take its place among the empires of the earth." 