@ra?ette , » flit continuation of Shipping News will be found on p. U. | *' ARRIVALS. nretimbcr4» _ . . _ ? I ti at e.S. Himalaya, i guns, captain Lacy, from Auckland i'Sia i^nn* paMcngcrs— Mrs. Mercer and family, Mrs, Chlsleil and I ® nr'Mrs. Jones and family, Miss Ponton, Mies Baker, Captain M^nificv K.N., Lieutenant Falcon, R.N. brig, 213 tons, Captain Owen, from Mauritius, 26tli AMobcr. J. L. Montefloro, agent aiarasfdt B&d; tons. Captain Smith, from Auck nd 24th ultimo, in ballast. 11. Towns and Co., agents, gorata, barque, 640 tons, Captain Jack, returned to port nffpmbcr 6 ? Hunter (s.), 264 tons, Captain fiullir&n;, from Merimbula 4tu Passengers— Mesers.;Bolomon, Dawson, Stephenson, Mr, JMUMJ' ? ..j in i. .ul ? ? T a V On n (00 She. IK'uuciBuu, uuu u m iun evceiagu. #?» o. *v. 'u,p &9 ^oVspur, sbip, 1577 tone. Captain Btacey, from Plymouth 6tb la bDtcn-Bcr* rasBengers— 440 Government immigrants. Dr. \Yin- ; Ma efrinp. furgeon-eupcrintendent. 0, A- Lloyd and Co., agents, si TcliRrapb (6-)» 760 tons, Captain Ch&tticld.; from Brisbane 2nd SB tflitani. l'aiacngcrs— Miss uolmc, Miss Telm&o;, Miss M.Pass, m k?i££ hi rnc, Captain Bennett, Rev. W. P. Gore, Messrs, Solomon, M tvilmlngtori, Ross, Ogg, Byrne, Murphy, and 83 in the steerage, £9 i s. N. Co , agents. ^ Rainbow (s.), 200 tone, Captain Pillcy, from the Richmond §9 Birer l»t instant PassengcrB— Mrs. Stephenson, Mr, Buudock. 9 C. and 2L Jt Co., agenta, ?9 Yarrow, brig, 239 tons, Captain Scott, from W&ngam20th; 9 ultimo. Captain, agent, B planet, ship, CG7 tone, Captain Jenkins, from Ilo llo 27th Sep 9 (ember. Willis, Merry, and Co., agents, fij9 December 6, 9 6pray, brig, 144 tons, Captain Ecdy, from Cabbage Bay (Auck 9 land) m d ultimo. Captain, agent. |» Electro, ship, 380 too6, Captain Bishop, from Ban Francisco IS 17tb Soptember. Dibbs, Thome, and Co.. agents. 9 Rangatira (e.), 750 tons. Captain Paddle, from Melbourne 3rd 19 Instant. Passengers— Mr. and Mrs. Wood, Miss Teaklc, Mrs. 19 Glbbs,Mr, and Mrs. Walker, Miss Walker, Mr. and Mrs. fialncr, 9 jur. ecd Mrs, Tourle, Mrs. Lind6&y;, Mr. and Mrs. Thomson, §§9 Brigadier- General Chute, Lieutenant Richardson, Staff Surgeon fill Major Tali, Assistant Commissary-General Murray, Messrs. fM Caturought, Fallow, Cassaigno, Rev. Robert Dunn, Rev. Edward 9 Day, Messrs. Malin, Lang, Riley, Kennell, Sutton, Pect, Lindsay, ||9 Master Lindsay, M'JMcbacl, Munro, Hill, Tait, and 74 in the 9 steerage. A. S. Is*, Co., agents, H9 December 7. 189 Cheetah, schooner, 120 tons, Captain Sustenance, fromOv&lau;, §9 (Fijie), 14th ultimo. Passengers— Mr, and Mrs. Nelson and 2 P9 children, Mrs, Sustenance and ohild, Mrs. Howe, Miss Stonier, 9 and 1 in the steerage, J. L. Montefiore, agent. » 19 Spray, schooner, 120 tons, Captain Brown, from Otago 21st 9 ultimo, in ballast. Passengers— Messrs, Williams, Barney, KB 'Brickwood, Hutching, and Powell. Captain, agent ||9 Auckland (s }, 600 tons, Captain Gibson, from Auckland 1st ||9 Instant Passengers— Mrs, Steele and 2 children, Miss M. Foy, SB Mrs, Hooper, Mrs. Butcher, Messrs. Hudson, Duncan, tarter, 9 M'Laughlin, Davey, Brown, AI'Lcod, Myers, Knowles, 1, R. M, 19 Co,, agents, 9 Clarence (e.), 400 tons. Captain Cootc, from Brisbane 5th 9 Instant Passengers— Messts, J. Robertson, C. H. Reeves, J. B. 9 Hunter, R. Jenkins. A. J. Rae, J. Dunn, R. T. Moffltt, and IS in f§9 the steerage. A, 8. N. Co., agents, 9 L&llnh; Rookh, brig, 190 tons, Captain Hamilton, from the 9 Fiiifi SCth ultimo. Passengers— Messrs, M*Farland and 9 Johns. G. A. Lloyd and Co., agents. J9 Charlotte Andrews, barque, 356 tons, Captain Jenkins, from 9 Auckland 28th ultimo. Passengers— 2 in the steerage, Laidley, §9 Ireland, and Co., agents, 9 Urugay, barque, 320 tons, Captain Pringle, from San Francisco 9 Cftb September, Passenger— Mr, Blair, and 5 in the steerage §9 Captain, agent. 9 December B, 9 Bonila, French transport, Captain Condicr, from New Caledonia 9 417th ultimo, rassengers— Captain King, and 26 in the steerage. 9 December 9, I Grafton (6. ), 200 tons, Captain Maides, from Clarence River I 7th instant. Passengers— Miss George, Messrs, Hughes, Gibson, \ Barron, Shoveller, and 11 in the steerage. C, and R. R, Co., | agents. % Hunter (a), 265 tons, Captain Sullivan, from Merimbula 7th I Instant. PuEscngere— Messrs. Brown, and Owen, 1. 8. N. Co., I agents. | Adventurer, barque, 365 tone, Captain Ryder, from Otago 5 23rd ultimo, in ballast. Passengers— Mr, Labowetzke, and 21 ajn the steerage. It. Towns and Co., agents. Kembla, (s ), 425 tons, Captain M&iUer;, from Clyde River and | Cll&dallfi.; Passengers— Rev, Mr. Britten, Messrs. Lines, | Jtanuett, BueeeD, Mrs. Mais, Mr. Jobb, 6ergcant Brewster, and 1 35 In the steerage. 1.6. N. Co., agents. S Mauukflu, schooner, 440 tons, Captain Kcnsctt, from Welling* 9 ton 25th uiiimo, in ballast. 1, R. M. Co., agents, §9 December 10, 9 Wonga Wonga (s.), 700 tonB, Captain Trouton, from Melbourne §9 yth instant. Passengers— Mr. E, Cameron, Mr. G. Wilezinki, JH Mr. Matron family and servant, Mrs. Garraid, MissLe Boeuf, 19 Madame Sobier family and servant, Messrs. Now≪, D* W. Jones, 9 D. Forbes, IV, Norton, Mitchell, Master Mitchell, Messrs. C. W. 9 Xig&r;, W. Thompson, J. Turner, Mr. and Mrs. Rutherford, 9 Messrs. Weaver, Leitb, Victory, Hamilton, Wright, Captain H, 9 Barnes, and 34 in the steerage. ? DEPARTURES. 9 December 4. 9 Yam Yarra (s.), 600 tone, for Brisbane and Wide Bay, Tas 9 senger6— Mr. i. H.Jones, Mr. J. T. Gordon, Mr. J. Teas, Mr, 9 J. A. Berguon, Mr, William Perry, Mr, J. M'Dowell, and 24 in 9 the steerage. 9 December 5. 9 Balclutba (s.), 500 tons, Captain Brown, for Rockhampton, 9 Passengers— Mrs. Gray, Messrs. John and James Bennett, Mr. 9 Henry Black, and 11 in the steerage 9 Active, schooner, ISStons, Captain M'Donnell, for Melbourne. 9 Passenger— Mrs, M'Donneli. 9 December 6. 9 Susannah Booth, schooner, 112 tons, Captain Clulow, for Otago, 9 frith 47 passengers, §? Esther, barque, 300 tone, Captain G Idiot, for Melbourne via 9 Newcastle. 9 Borate, resumed her voyage. 9 Agnes Jessie, schooner, 187 tont, Captain M'Kinlay, for Mel 9 bourne. 9 Charlotte, barque, 4G7 tons, Captain Moreau, for Calcutta, 9 Passenger— Mr. Bratinger, 9 Antipodes, barque, 593 tons. Captain Croot, for Lannceston. 9 Passengers— Mrs. and Miss Prior, Mr; Prior, Misses Prior (2), 9 Masters Prior (2), and servant, Mrs. M'Gorras, Miss Kerr, Mies m Mitchell, Messrs. Dunn (2). ? Z an the (s ), for Newcastle. 9 Esther, for Newcastle, ? Mary Smith, schooner, 99 tons, Captain Fit/.bardinge, for ? Geelong. ? December 7. I Telegraph (s. ), 700 tons, Captain Chatfiold, for Brisbane. Pas I Fengers — Mr. G. Seccombe, Rev, Robert Dunne, Mrs. Poole, Mr. I Whitworth, Mr. G. Nutt, Mr. and Mrs. M'Doug≪ and servant, ? Mr. and Mrs. W. Christian. Mr. F. Cooper, Mr. D. D. Korris, I Mr. M'D»nald, Mr. Greville, Brigadier General Chute, Lieu I tenant Richardson, Mr. Hnnevnan, Mr. R. J, Smith, Mr. and ? Mrs. George Harris, and 5J in the steerage. I Black Dog, schooner, 142 tons, Captain Linklater, for New I Caledonia. I Fanny Fisber, for Melbourne, ? December 8. .... I Rangatira (e.j, 700 tons, Captain B, Paddle, for Melbourne. I Passengers— Mr. J. T. Eckersell, Miss Wi6e, Mra.R.IL Smith, Miss I Smith, Mr. and Mrs. A. 6. Moses, Miss Susan Russell, Mrs. J. W. I 'Warty, Mr. and Mrs. J. L.Morgan, Master Morgan, Miss Frigate, I Mr. Ubr, Mr. Dbr, jun., Mr. and Mrs. Birch, Mr. Laraach, Mr, I Nicholson, W re. Besjnes, Mr. John Walker, Mr. J . F. Manton, Miss I Manton, Mr, Sykes, Mr. C. H.^Manton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Glover, Mr. I B, Solomon, Wi. Thomas, Mr. Rimmcr, and thirty in the steerage. I Kate, barque, 341 tons. Captain Sherlock, for Auckland. P&s-; I Bengera— Messrs. D, Hill, A. Urquhart, J, Pircb, and 21 in the I steerage. I Peerless, ship, 1O05 tone, Captain Flavin, for Auckland. I S&brine;, barque, 3i0 tons, Captain Thompson, for Mauritius. I December 9. , I Woolloomoolao, ship, G27 tons, Captain Ayling, for London. I Passengers— Mrs. Ayling, Miss Haines, Mrs. Lowe, Captain and I Mrs Salmon, Captain Handie, Mr. Fr&nck;, Dr. Richards, and one I in the 6teerage, | Steinwarder, barque, 25S Iobf, Captain Erichsen, for South Sea Islands. Passengers — Dr. Steinlein, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Williams and familv (4 }, and 2 servants, Mrs. Richards, 6tar of' Australia (s.), 18C tons, Captain Chrietison, for Port Denison. Passengers— 3 in the steerage, 1 December 10, Urara (s.), 300 toBS, Captain Wiseman, for Brisbane, Passen gers— Mrs. Kllerkor, Messrs. Arthur Hamilton, J. H. Wallis, J* S, Gibbs, Thomas Uely, Gray, W. S. Paul, and 21 in the Eteerage. Grafton (s. ), for Grafton. Princess Alexandra, brig, 229 tons, Captain Robinson, for Nelson and Wellington, in ballast. Highlander, brig, 19G tons, Captain Boor, for IlobartTown. Passengers— Mrs. Austin, Mrs. Betty, Misses Lyons (2), Messrs. Ralph, Hunt and son. EXPORTS. December 10, Star of Australia (a.;, for Tort Dcni&on;, via Rockhaiupton: 4 Jhogsbc&de; lime, Brown and Co, ; 1 package tobacco, 30 baga Hour, 4 chcEU tea, 4S packages, J. Binny and Co. ; 6 hogsheads ale, Metcalfe and Lloyd ; 18 mats sugar, 1 package tea, Smith, Pealc, and Co, ; 1 case, lredale and Co. ; 2 packages, C. Newton, .Brother, and Co.; C hags salt, IB packages, J. Fraz.er and Co. ; 20 bags hour, N. C&ston; ldray, 1 case, J. B. nold6worth; 2 packages, R. Reilly ; 2 cases, G, Chishoim ; 4 packages, How, Thomson, and Co.; 3 cases, Elliott, Brothers; 1 package, Fletcher; 2 packages, \V, Alexander; 1 plough. 7 casks, J. G. jM'Donald ; 24 bags maize, 3 bale, R. Elliott; 1 box, Allport; 1 case, D. Jones and Co. ; 2C packages, Boilby and Scott ; 1 pack age, Mrs. Pickering; 2 i bags potatoes, 67 bales hay, J. Broom field ; 5 packages, Webb and Booth ; 3 horses, Hutchinson *, 1 carriage, Cameron. The Margaret Eliza left Auckland on the 26th ultimo, uud has made the run up in ten days. She had favourable winds during the passage. The entire voyage from Newcastle to New Zealand and back to this port, including six days detention at Auckland, was accomplished in the short space of twenty-seven days, Captain Smith reports having passed the barque Novelty going into Auckland Harbour, six days out. The Alert, from Mauritius, the 26th October, reports the departure on the 24th October, of the Thane (s.), for Sydney, She lad called in for repairs. The steamer Mynora is basily engaged at the wreck of the Mimosa (e.), although the weather, being so much against opera tions, they nave had to slip their moorings several times. The par ties engaged seem confident of raisiDg her; the divers report her as sound as the day she was wrecked. The Hunter left for the wreck on Saturday evening, at 6. The cargo of toe Hunter (&,) consists of 160 bales wool, 500 cheeses, 20 hags bacon, 20 lambs, 40 kegs butter, 10 bales sheep e kins. The 1. R. M, Co/e b, s. Auckland landed ninety-five horses at Auckland in first-rate order, having only lose one on the voyage from Sydney, The llotepur left Tlymouth on the 5th September, crossed the Equator on the 8th October, and passed the meridian of the Cape of Good Hope on the 26th October, There have been three births on the passage, and all on board are in excellent health. On the 12th September, a seaman named F. Hatch fell overboard from the maintopgallant yard and was drowned, although the breeze wa6 verv Ught, and beth life-boats lowered, but they could not eucoeed in finding him, The Telegraph (a.) left Brisbane on the 2nd, at 1.15 p.m., and rounded Cape Moretoo same day at 5a80 p.m. Passed Smoky Cape Jrid&y;, December 4th at 3*30 p.m. ; rounded the Seal Rocks Saturday, 5th at 1*30 p.m. ; and entered Sydney Heads same day st eleven &,mk Experienced first part of passage, 6trong S.B.K. gale and heavy confused sea, with heavy weather ; latter part of voyage moderate breeze from the south, and cloudy sky. Passed the Grafton at anchor in Freak Bay. Captain Bennett and thirteen of his crew, wrecked in the brig Sporting Lass, came to Sydney by the Telegraph, The brig Nile, 'from Newcastle, New fiouth Wales, bound for Adelaide, was spoken by the brig Clarendon, on the 27th ultimo, eixty miles north-east of WiUon'e Promontory,— Aryus, Decem bers, The Rainbow (s.) left the Richmond Bar on the 1st Instant On the 3rd experienced a very heavy gale from the 6.8. E„ with a high confused sea ; from that date had 8.E. and easterly weather. Her cargo consists of 84,000 feet boards, 2 casks tallow, 20 hides, and sundries. The sohooners Helen and Commerce were inside the bar awaiting as opportunity to get ouU n.M 6. HIMALAYA, The arrival of this splendid steamer, by far the largest ship that haB yet visited these colonies, is an event of no slight impor tance. Her name has for years post been familiar with us as household words, and all must feet a deeper interest in the Hima laya through the recollection of the services she has rendered, bo will not call to mind that in the history of the Russian war it is recorded how, the Himalaya conveyed reinforcement after reinforcement to the British army, and how in those fearful tem pests which strewed the harbour of Balaclava with the relics of a fleet of transports, unequalled for size and speed, and enriched the sea with the stores of the allied hosts, she well nigh alone came out of the fearful ordeal without hurt or damage; and again, when the Indi&u; mutiny broke out, took bcr thousands of troops to the relief of our unfortunate countrymen, with a speed both marvellous and unprecedented : while her last passage from Plymouth, via the Cape of Good Hope and Ceylon, of only sixty eight days to Melbourne is a still further evidenoo of the im mense powers of this ship. Large, swift, and powerful as have been the racers of the deep by whom our harbour has been visited, the Himalaya is the largest, the swiftest, and the most powerful of el1.. She stands out from among the many fine ships now in the harbour a veritable giant among pigmies. In point of size, putting the Great Eastern aside, she is only exceeded in the com mercial marine by the Persia, the Adriatic, and one or two others of the leviathans constructed for the American trade. Her re gister is 3570 tons, Misers. C, and J. Marc, her well known builders, probably never turned out a handsomer vessel, The deck being flush, the eye of the visitor is immediately struck by (the vast 6wecp fore and aft; it is 375 feet by 44 feet beam. The Himalaya is essentially a troop ship, her fittings affording ample accommodation for 1200 people. The saloon, which is situated right aft, is an elegant apartment 100 feet in length and 8 feet in height between beams. The stern is made into a com fortable lounge, and stretching from bcrc down tbc room are two rows of tables. The officers* cabins arc at the side, and arc separated from tbc saloon by a division which forms Its walls. These are composed alternately of m&ple-wood; Venetians and cnumclled partitions dooeraicd with groups of fruit and flowers. Mirrors end furniture, placed in suitable positions, add to the b&ndsomc; appearance of the apartment. The division fur the troops is on the same deck as the saloon, and immediately adjacent to it, though of course securely par titioned off. This compartment is 156 feet in length, and is fitted up w ith forty-six mess- tables, capable of accommodating eixtcea uicn each. During the daytime, the space is dear, the men's hammocks being stowed away in chests on deck. Further for ward, on ihe same deck are the warrant-officers' quarters and two hospitals, and the remaining space right forward in the bows is appropriated to the crew, who number some 140, On the deck below, the women and children, numbering 160 souls, are ac commodated ; the families belonging to the nou- cotumissioncd officers having a separate compartment. Contiguous to this division is the engine-room, where are to be seen the two slumber ing giants— magnificent engines of 325 horse-power each, which, when at work, propel the immense mass at a speed of thirteen knots per hour. Steam is supplied from four tubular boilers, having 750 tubes in each. When worked at low pressure, to drive the vessel ten knots per hour, the consumption of ooal is forty-two tons per day, and when at full speed— from twelve to thirteen knots— ninety to 100 tons will he used. The speed given is under steam alone. With the aid of canvas a higher rate is obtained. The bunkers are capable of containing 1000 tonB of coal, a quantity which, under ordinary circumstances, is a sufficient supply for a voyage of 5000 miles. Ordera from the commander on deck to the engineers below are given by sn ingenious mechanical telegraph, which displays the directions ' stop her,' &c;,, in an unmiatake&ble; manner, and at the same time calls attention to any new commands by striking a gong. Speaking tubes arc also laid down, and permit of easy communication between the engine-room and the deck. The vessel is fitted with gun racks for the soldiers' arms, and the minor arrangements of galleys, lavatories, &c;,, are what would be expected in such a ship. It must be stated, however, that though the Himalaya is fitted with water-tanks, she has a con densing apparatus, which renders her practically independent of them. Twenty tuns of fresh water per diem can be distilled, and the consumption with a thousand persons on board does not exceed Bix tuns a day » The Himalaya left Auckland on the 28th ultimo and came across under espy 6 leant. She will coal and take in stores, and pro ceed direct to England via Cape Horn. The Rangatira (&.) left Melbourne Heads on Thursday, 3rd iustant, at 5.16 p m. She experienced light variable winds and calm weathoi the whole passage, and arrived at the Company's Wharf, Sydney, shortly before lam. 6th instant. Passed tbc Wonga Wonga (e.) about sixty-five miles N E. of Wilson's Pro montory, on Friday, December 4th, at 10.30 a.m., and City of Bobart(s.) seventeen miles astern of her ; passed the Planter, barque, finy miles S.W, of Cape Howe, same day, bound to the 6.W. The Alexandra (e.) which arrived at Adelaide from London, has been constructed for and brought out by Captain Gil more, well known in this port in connection with the A. S. N. Company. She is reported to be a very superior vosbcI, and we believe is intended for the trade between this port and Melbourne, She arrived at the latter port on 9th iustant. The brig Spray has been most unfortunate since she left Cabbage Bay, On the 3rd of November, she fell in with very heavy N.M . gales, which blew her off, and she was at last compelled to moke Norfolk Island for provisions, whence she sailed on the 24th ultimo. All the inhabitants were quite well. An American whaler, name not known, was standing off and on. The Tlanct, from llo llo, came the Eastern passage. She re ports the wreck of the American ship William Sturgess, on the M&gician; Shoal, on the 18th 6sptember. She was inward bound. All hands were got off the wreck by the Electra's life-boat, and the steward and stewardess have come on to 8ydney. There is no report by the Electro from Ban Francisco, and her dates have been anticipated by the Constance, arrived at Auck land. Vessels Spoken by the Hotsfub —September 23rd, Elizabeth Nicholson, Liverpool to Calcutta, scventeen'days out, latitude 2 '5 *40 N„ longitude 20* W. ; 26th, City of Calcutta, Glasgow to Calcutta, latitude 22'40N., longitude 22:40 W. ; October 3rd, H.M.S.S, Industry, cruising, latitude 4 36 N,, longitude, 2418 W. ; also, Indiana, bound north ; 6th, Walnier' Castle, London to Bombay, twenty-five days out, latitude 3*10 V*., longitude 21*40 W. ; also Ellen Crawford, London to Ceylon, thirty-five d&ya; out ; 8th, sighted & French ship bound south, with T. B. No. 49 in foretop sati ; October 26th, Marlborough, London to Calcutta, forty-two days out, latitude 38*20 S. longitude 16*20 W, ; also, Spirit of the North, Liverpool to Shanghai ; and Warrior Queen, London to Calcutta, The Spray, from Otago, reports light winds and calms through out. The Lalla Rookh, Captain Hamilton, from the Navigators', 1 Tonga, and Viti Island, is last from Ovalau, whence she has made a magnificent run of thirteen days. Daring the first part of the passage strong breezes from the 6.E., accompanied by thick cloudy weather. The Alster, Hamburgh barque, waa in Apia, arrived there on the 17th October. The Ocean bad been in Apia and Ovalau. The Jeannie Dove was cruising in the Viti Group. The John Wesley was at Lefuka— the Ipais. In latitude 26*15 south, longitude 1G6 58 east, on the 30th November, spoke the American whaling barque Eugenia, Captain S. L* Hamblin, then calling in, with 1180 barrels, 300 of which he had taken since leaving the Navigators' Islands, in August last. The Lalla Rookh left Apia on the 31st October, Lefuka on loth November, Navi gators' on 16th November, Ovalau on 26th November. The Uruguay left San Francisco on the 24th September, and had light variable winds and calms to Norfolk Island, which was , sighted on the 28th ultimo. On the 3rd and 4th instant she es ' countered a heavy gale from the S.S.E. A whaler was in com pany, apparently making for Sydney, latitude 32*37 S.t longitude 258*45 E. The Ellen Lewis arrived at San Francisco on the 19th September. Royal 6. Yacht Squadron.— At the monthly meeting of mem bers, held at the club-room this afternoon, for the purpose of bal loting for new members, a number of gentlemen were unani mously elected, and a long list of names proposed for eleetion at the next meeting in December. Saturday, tbe 16th January, was fixed upon for the first squadron race of cheeesson, in two classes, and St was understood in the room that the match between tbe Commodore's schooner Chance and Mr. Parbury's new yacht Xsrifa, to Newcastle and back, would come off early in February. The &. b, Auckland left the Queen- street Wharf on December 1st, at 9 a.m., and passed the Heads at 10 a.m. ; encountered moderate northerly winds. On tbe 2nd at 7 p.m. passed a barque standing to tbe southward, with light variable aira, supposed to be tbe Charlotte Andrews, which left Auckland on tbe 28th November, Friday, 4th, wind shifted to S.E., moderate breezes and fine weather. Sunday, 6th, passed a barque standing to the westward ; arrived in Sydney on the 7tb, at 4 a.nu, making a fine rnn of five days sixteen houre. The Clarence (s.), left Brisbane on 5th instant, at 3 p.m., and . Cape Moreton same day ; at 8 p.m. she experienced violent S.E. gales, with heavy head sea during the first part of paesage ; latter part moderat easterly wind, and cloudy. On Sunday, at 11 a.m., passed the Tarra Tarra (s.) off Clarence River ; rounded the Seal llocks on 6th, at 9*20 a.m., and entered Sydney Heads same day, at 6*30 p.m. Tbe Cheetah left Ovalau on thc)4th November. The schooner James, which had been absent since April last, had not returned from her cruise among tbe Islands. Tbe Cb&rlolte; Andrews left Auckland on the 26th ultimo, thus making a capital run of nine days* Light wind6 prevailed for four days after leaving, and strong S. and S.E. winds tbe re mainder of the passage, The Martha Ellen was sighted off tbe North Cape on the 1st instant The s. 6, Wonga Wonga left Melbourne on Monday, the 7th 1 December, at 1.15 p.m., rounded Wilson's Promontory, Tuesday, at 3 a.m., and Gabo Island the same day at 11 p.m. Passed through between Montagu Uland and the main land on Wed nesday, 7 a.m., and entered Fort Jackson at 1.30 a.m. on the 10th. Captain J. B. Vilfs — The death of this gentleman will be severely felt by not only a large circle of intimate friends, but also the many recipients of his bounty, in the humbler walk6 ot life. At an early age he entered the Last India Company'6 service, end for many years was in the Calcutta trade. He subsequently became owner of the barque Brougham, and brought heron to this colony in 1836. Captain Viles being induced to settle in New South Wales, the vessel was sold, and for many years he became interested in agricultural pursuite, and latterly followed the vocation of marine surveyor, for which his extensive experience rendered *,bim so well adapted. As a resident in this city he had closely associated himself with many of our public institu tions ; bis purse was ever open to relieve distress, and esteemed and respected by all, a good man has passed away. At an early hour on 7th instant, the colours on board all the ships in port were hoisted half-mast as a mark of respect, Balmain Regatta.— On 7th instant a meeting was held by the committee, for tbe purpose of distributing the prizes. In the fifth r&cc; a protest in writing had been handed in by the War wick, on the ground that the Laura, the second boat, bad passed between the lightship and Sow and Pigs reef, contrary to the course laid down ; but the committee appeared to have departed from the custom adopted in socb cases, and awarded the second prize to the Lauru, without at all entering into the merits of the case, Considering that it was practically impossible for the com mittee or umpire to offer anv opinion on the subject, their decision appears somewhat arbitrary. The Xautbe, steamer, is alongside tbe New Wharf, taking in cattle for New Zealand. The cattle are being shipped in & some what novel manner. Instead of borse-power being used to hoist them over tbe vessel's side, the steam-derrick belonging to tbe vessel is made use of, and found to answer admirably. The cattle are hoisted and lowered with little or no difficulty. Tbe only drawback appears to be tbe unwillingness of the cattle to face the dark bold. The use of steam-power seems to be & great saving of time and labour, and is a decided improvement. The use of steam naturally suggests the employment of the stcam-cr&ncs; for tbc purpose of shipping cattle. The Manuk&u; left Wellington on tbe 25th ultimo, bound for Newcastle, but, having sprung her mlzemnoat, she put into this port to repair, There is no report by tbe Adventurer, from Otago, Tbe emigrant ship Hotspur was towed up from the Quarantine Station on 9th instant, and the single women were landed in the afternoon, having been brought up in the Phantom (&.)? The Hunter (s.) brings up 30 bales wool. The cargo of tbe Kembla (e.) consists of 400 oz. gold, 76 kegs butter, 40 bales wool, 60*buhdlcs hides, 4 bundles leather, 8 coses cggB, 20 bags oyeterB. Tbe brig Princess Alexandra has been privately sold to Mr, W. F. Norie for the sum of £2400. Thx Bcbew Collier Star of Evx.— A telegram was received in town on 8th instant, stating that tbe Star of Eve. from NeV castle-on-Tyne, bound to Sydney, passed Cape Shanck on Monday afternoon, Tbe Bonlta left Tort de France on the 27th ultimo, and has hod fine weather throughout. She has come up to receive an over haul. The Captain and crew of tbe ship Emma Colvin, wrecked in New Caledonia, are passengers by her, H, U. S. S. Himalaya.— In consequence of the immense quantity of work at present being performed on board this floe steamship, it bos been found necessary to prevent visitors going onboard for the ptcscnt,but Captain L&cey; and his officers hope to have the eblp again ready for the inspection of visitors *°The barque Marion, with 160 head of cattle, made the passage from Twofold Bay to Blaff Harbour in fire days, with only the loss of two head. THE WRECK OF THE EMMA COM1N. The following particulars have boom furnished by Captain King, master of the Emma Colvin : - Wednesday, noon, November 11th. In latitude 28-32 8,, and longitude 166 4 E,, strong winds and squally, and thick with small rain, Dumbea passage bearing N. £ E,, distance 71 miles, 4 p.m., wind hauling to the K.W. and W.N.W., tacked to the northward, getting very thick, with email drizzling rain, 4 a.m., sharp squalls with rain, wind hauling to the westward; stowed topgallant sails and singlo-repfcd tbe topsails, 8, weather more moderate, and getting more dear; wind hauling totheB.W. 10 p in., wind 6.W., and olear weather at times. Midnight less wind ; log Love every hour, and look out particularly attended to. A,m., November 12th. Moderate wind hauling to the 6. and S.B.W. 1 a.m., hauled the ship's head up to NY. qnd W. by S, ; expecting the ship to be abreast of tbe Bealaria Passage. 3.45 a.m., wore ship, and steered E. by N, At 4.20 a.m,, a reef reported ahead; hove tbc helm herd down. The ship came up to the wind, but in doing so she struck and stopped her way ; her bow fell off about two points; forged herself ahead about twice her length, and slopped broadside upon the main reef and commenced rolling ex cessively heavy, making no water, Tried all available means to get her off, but without success. Sounded about half her length oulsido of her, and got 26 feet ; once and a half her length, no bottom at 120 fathoms. Ship rolling fearfully, and striking aft excessively heavy. At 6 a.m. the rudder unshipped and stern post started, and making water very foEt. 7 a.m,, got the boats out to land the passengers on an Island just visible, about 5 milcB distant. Succeeded in getting them &U; safely on shore, when a boat started for Port de France to look for the assistance of a steamer. Finding that the ship w&6 making one loot of water in five minutes, aud the weather getting very thick, and a heavy swell getting up from the 8.W., the ship rolling her starboard water ways in the water, making it impossible for any one to stand on her deck. Thought it best (as nothing could be done for tbc ship, and having one mile to pull the boats before getting & passage through the reef) for all hands to leave her, which was done at 7*80 a m., end all lauded safe on the island at 4*30 p m. ship breaking up, her starbrard bow dropping down to seaward ; blowing fresh lrom the 8.6. W., with a heavy sea breaking over her; small rain at times. At 6 p.m., ship with & strong list to star board, sc& striking her decks excessively heavy. Daylight of the 13th, moderate and fine ; no appearance of the ship ; went out in tbe cutter and found that she bad broken up during the night; tbe only thing visible was her port timbers and part of topgallant forecastle, port side ; went back to the island again, and waited for & steamer, which was expected, and arrived on tbc morning oftbcl4tb, when alt passengers and crow were taken on board, and lauded safe at Port de France, quite destitute of everything. Captain King attributes the loss of his ship to a strong 8,S,Ei current. Total Wreck of tux 6uti- Emma Colvin, of London, on the Outer Reef of New Caledonia,— All Hands Saved,— We have been favoured by Mr- D, N. Joubert with tbc following account of the loss of tbU vessel : 'The Emma Colvin, of Lon don, 660 tons register, under the command of Captain George King, left Sydney on the 81st of October, 2668, bound to Port de France, New Caledonia, with a cargo consisting of 202 bead of cattle and 60 tons of co&L; Her crew numbered twenty-one men, chiefly lascars, and she had two female and seven male pas sengers. After a very favourable run of eleven days, during which she had not lost one single head of cattle. Captain lung made bia position at noon on tbellth of November to be about seventy-two miles due south of Deumbea Pass, through which he contemplated running into Port de Fraucc, and he shaped hie course accordingly. Towards night the weather became boister ous, which necessitated reefing the topsails for the night, At midnight the course was altered to west, in order to keep away from tbe land; this course was kept until about half past three o'clock, a.m., when it was altered to east, and at four o'clock, or quarter past four o'clock, the Emma Colvin was found running straight upon tbe reef; she was so close to it that before she could be brought round she went broadside on, and began thumping heavily. After a few minutes it was discovered that she was fast on tbc rocks, having about fourteen feet of water on the larboard side, and no soundings on the starboard side. The rudder was severely injured, and at every wave was breaking the after part of the poop, The ship not making as yet any water and tbe eea being quite smooth, no wave broke over her dock. As soon as it was daylight wc could perceive & narrow opening amongst the breakers, a couple of hundred yards ahead of where the ship lay, ana at about three milcB inside of the reef, a small, low, sandy island, in smooth water. Captain King, seeing that there was no possibility of moving the Emma Colvin from her dangerous position, and the weather having a threatening appear ance, ordered the boats to be launched, in order to save, if pos sible, the lives of all en board. The first boat which went over the side was stove, and so injured as to become useless, and she was cut adrift* The life boat, tbe jolly-boat, and a five ton sailing boat, belonging to one of the passengers were safely put overboard and i in them the crew end passengers, with two bags of biscuit, a few gallons of water, a ham, and a piece of salt pork, left the Emma Colvin at half-past 6 a m., not knowing where they were bound to. Ateighto'clock we all landed in safety on the small island which we had seen from the ship's deck at daylight. We found it uninhabited, without water, and & most desolate place, full of water- snakes, which, though quite harmless, were by no means pleasant companions. A lew cocoanut trees in tbe centre of the island gave us an abundant supply of nuts and tolerable shelter. The weather being very thick and cloudy, with squalls of rain, we could with great difficulty discover the outline of the m&ia; land of New Caledonia lying to the N . £ NY. of us, at a distance which eeemed to be about fourteen or fifteen miles, Captain King, believing that this land was Port de France, and being informed that there were two Government steamers on the station, determined upon sending at once for assistance, which he thought could be obtained in & few houre, ana be the means of saving tbe ship and cargo by throwing overboard the water, the iron tanks, and a few hundred tons of stone ballast, which would have lightened her & few feet, when she could have been floated off and towed into port. It was then decided that the five-ton boat, being tbe only one with sails, 6hould be sent under charge of Captain King, with four sailors, the two females, and two mate passengers for assistance, while the two other boats, with the officers, crew, and remainder of the passengers, in all twenty-two persons, should remain on the island until the follow ing day. The little craft sailed from the island at 9 o'clock a.m., wuh a light S.W, wind, making for the land as fast a* the sails and oars could propel her, amongst a perfect maze of reefs, shoals, sand banks, and small islands, steering always towards the main land, which seemed to recede as we advanced. We bad gene over a distance of about thirty miles, when a little before sundown wc discovered that the land before us was not Port de France, but ten Island, distant about thirty miles from that place. As it would have been impracticable to sail at night without a pilot, through a most intricate channel unknown to us all, we thought it prudent to run for the nearest shore andspemh tbe night there. Tbe night was extremely dark, and at times it rained heavily. We were running for a coast, the nature of which we did not know ; we had no anchor in the boat, and we could not guess whether we should arrive at an inhabited or deserted spot. Our anxiety was soon partly relieved by the appearance of a fire on shore. Was it a signal made for ub, or was it a native village 1 We did not know, at all events we made for it. After a short time tbc fire disappeared, but we continued pulling in the direction where we had perceived it. At about 9 o'clock, being within quarter of a mile from the shore, we hoisted a lsnthorn and gave aloud 'cooey.' This soon brought an answer from the shore, and a few minutes after a native canoe, mounted by two gigantic looking blacke, came alongside of our boat, ue sight of these two men frightened our female passengers more than all the dangera which wc bad escaped during that eventful day. Their fears, however, soon subsided, and tbey were much delighted to find that we were among6t friendly natives ; that the two brave fellows whe had come to meet us and to pilot us could speak tolerably good French and English, that they were Catho lics, and that'a French missionary was stationed a few miles off, building a church. At half-past nine o'clock we landed on a small sandy creek, and found ourselves surrounded by a crowd of men, women, and children, bearing torches, and looking at us with the greatest curiosity ; they soon understood that we were shipwrecked people, bound to Port de France, and that wc were hungrv and tired. The men hauled our boat ashore while the women and children led us to a small village, a short distance from the beach, under a grove of stately cocoanut trees. A young pig was soon killed and dressed, an ample supply of yams, bananas and cocoanuts brought forward, a large fire lit, a huge iron pot placed upon it, into which disappeared at once pig, yams, and bananas. While supper got ready we became on the most friendly terms with our hosts, who showed us their huts, full of nets and other fishing implements, and a quantity of bechede mer, of which they collect a large number, and which they 6cll at Port de France. * Supper over wc retired in the best but of tbe village, and spent as comfortable a night as the fleas and mos quitoes would. allow us to enjoy. Next morning, at daylight, wc took leave of our friends the fishermen, presenting them with some tobacco and biscuits as an acknowledgment for their hospi tality, and we started for Port de France, where we arrived at noon. As soon as tbe female passengers had been placed in charge of their friends, the harbour master took us to the Governor, and found by looking at the chart that tlie Emma Colvin was wrecked on the main reel, at about fifty miles S.E. from Port de France. The two steamers being laid up under repairs, ordere were given to get one ready &6eoon as possible, and to send her to the wreck imme diately. Tbe some night the Coetlogon was ready, and at day light on Saturday morning (14th of November) she started. At noon Ehe was near the spot, when the floating dead bodies of the cattle, and the numerous fragments of the ship, which covered tbe sea, left but small hopes of savimg anything belonging to the Emma Colvin. As the steamer approached tbc small island (called on the chart u Nda,') whore tbe remainder of the crew and passengers had Fpent two duy6 of anxiety and of privation, the unfortunate fellows got into their boats, and they soon were safely on tbe deck of the Coetlogon, where their most immediate wants were at once provided for by the kindness of Captain M&thieu; and his officers, The ship, it appears, bad stood safely on tbe reef all day on Thursday, the 12th November, but tbe mght having been squally, with a £e&vv; sea running on the reef, she had broken, up, ana nothing of Her was seen at daylight on the morning of the 13th. Tbc second mate, with a boat's cicw, hud proceeded to tbe reef in the morning, but had not been able on account of the surf to get near the wreck, which was breaking up fast. The Coetlogon baring been as near to the reef as she could safely go, and Captain Matbicu and Captain King seeing that there was not the slightest chance of saving anything whatever, the head of the steamer .was again .turned towards Port dc France, where we landed at six o'clock p.m., having lost all our clothes, and all the property which we had on board, but vet most thankful to Providence that our lives had been spared. The Bhip was insured in London, and the cargo in 6yd nev, at the office of the Australian General Insurance Com pany. The French Government has provided Captain King and the crew with board and lodgings until such time as they can be forwarded to Sydney. The passengers have received assistance from their own friends. It if considered by nautical men that we have had a most miraculous escape, as the sea always breaks very heavily on tbe reef with S.W. winds, and almost everywhere the reef rises perpendicularly from the bottom of the .sea, while at tbe spot where tbc Emma Colvin was wrecked there was a shelving rock, about fourteen feet under water, projecting for about fifty yards, and a small clear passage through the breakers clesc to it. The Weather.—' Tbureday^niormng broke with a hot sultry air, little or no wind stirring. About noon the wind rose sud denly from tbc N.E., increasing in force during the afternoon, and at 5 p.m. was blowing strong ; at 7 p.m. & heavy southerly burster came up in face of the north-caster, aDd blew very hard for about an hour, attended with heavy thunder and lightning and Bmar squalls of rain ; at 8 p.m. the wind lulled, tbe storm rolling off to seaward, but the rain continued to fall steadily. Tnn Tabikf,— The Wonga Wonga has a very small cargo apart frem fruit and goods for export to Brisbane. She has little over ten tons. Is this the result of the 5 or 10 per cent, ? The schooner Comet was sold by auction on 6th instant, by Mr, W, Dean, for £528 net cash. The ship Lady Young, from Dunedin for Welshpool, was sighted by tbe Aibambra, fourteen days out, on the 4th instant at 10 a.m« —Argus, December 7. Captain Gibson, of the Auckland, we loam, is about to retire from the service of the I C. R. M. S. X* Company, of which he has been an active and energetic officer. Captain Gibson was eminently successful in bringing out tbe two last of the com pany's ships, Claud Hamilton and Auckland, from London; Be has been appointed by the Canterbury Provincial Government Warden of the Local Marine Boards of Lyttelton, Akaroa, and Timaru; We congratulate Captain Gibson on this appointment for which ho is so well qualified ; at the same time we regret the loss our Auckland voyagers and the I. C, B, M. Company will sustain by tho1 retirement of so zoalous an officer,— AVio Zealand JZercfd, i NEWCASTLE, ARRIVALS, December 4.— Harriet Armitage, barque, 295 toja, Stephens, front Auckland. December 4.— Boy Bcndixon, Danish barque, 365 tons, Matthcr tt-o, from Auckland. December 5.— Tybee, barque, 291 tons, Jackson, from Otago. December 5.— St. Magnus, barque, 299 tons, Walsh, from Auckland. Dcrember 5.— David Jessie, schooner, 142 tons, Pie, from Port Nojiior. December 6.— Racer, brig, 196 tons, Laurage, from Otago. December 6.— Materia, barque, from Olago, Dec(ii)bei 6,— Zantha (f«), from Sydney. December 7.— Esther, French barque, 300, Geffiote, from Sydney. December. 7— Express, schooner, 159 tons, Hyde, from Ori&bane;, December 8.— I ncrgie, Bremen barque, 249 tons, Braselc, from Otago. December 8,— Thames, brig, 523 tons, M'Kellcr, from Nelson, DIPARTURKSi December 4,— Ensign, brig, Bond, for Hobart Town, with 260 tons coal. December 4. -—l'rcak, brig, Hurly, for Adelaide, with 310 tons coal. December 5.— Voatlcran, schooner, Doblcr, for Melbourne, with 61 ions coal and 27 bags maize, December 5.— Viceroy, schooner, Fuller, for Melbourne, with 260 ? tons cool. December 5, ^Arthur M'Keazie, brig, Dyson, for Melbourne, with 370 tons coal. December 6.— Venture, brig, Davis, for Portland Bay, with 160 tons coal. December 5— Agnes, schooner, 6trachic, for Auckland, with 140 tons coal. December 7.— Emily Allison, schooner, Uily, for Nelson, with 260 tons coal. December 9.— Malcolm, schooner, Davis, for Uob&rt; Town, with 380 tons co&L; December 9, —Ware, brig, Koesitcr, for Melbourne, with 278 tons coal. December 9.— Isle of Franoc, barque, Muir, for Auckland, with 46fi tons coal, ? CLARENCE RIVER. ABniVAI.S. November 25.— Elizabeth, from Sydney. November 26.— Perseverance, from Sydney. CLBABAfcCB. November 30.— Thane of Fife, for Otago, MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS. November 26,— Wild Flower, from Lcith; B&ldan;&h;, from Brisbane. November 30.— Aurora, from New York; Dover Castle, from London ; Commodore Perry, from Liverpool ; Krimpen, from Gl&syow; ; Express, from Mauritius. December 1.— Rangatira (e. ), from Sydney; Omeo (&.), from Otago. December 2,— L&urcl;, from London; Queen (s.), from Brie banc; Willing Lass, Clarendon, from Newcastle; Britannia, from Gefle, December 8,— C&rin;, from Rotterdam ; Diadem, from Newcastle ; L&v;&rd;, from Canton ; Harriet Hope, from Newcastle. ? ? December 4.— Caroline, from Gottenburg ; William Hill,l||from Newcastle ; Fanny Kircbner, from Quebec. . .. December 4,— Wonga Wonga, (a.), City of Hobart, (s.), from Sydney; Aibambra, (s.), from Otago ; Nile, Spec, Rose of Aus tralia, from Newcastle; lemyr, from Poo Chow, IIKrAHTURBB. November 58.— Despatch, for Mauritius. November 29.— Result, for London. December 2,— Our Hope, for Newcastle. CLEARED OUT. December I, —Josephine, 126 tons, Copcland, for Sydney : 204 oars, 49 kegs nails, IF tone hay, 100bag6 flour, 500 planks, .63 wheels Th»c Souciiays.— The trial trip of tbc Soucbays, one of tbc i most recent additions to our intercolonial fleet of steamers, which bad been postponed in conecqucncc of tbe unfavourable weather last week, took place on Saturday. The agents, Messrs. Wood rillc, Jarrctt, and Co., had not been sparing in their invitations for the occasion, and a large number of gentlemen availed them selves of the opportunity of having a pleasant trip down the bay. The Souchays was built in 1858, bv Marshall, of Shields, and is a very handsome, sound-looking vcsteL She bas only, however, done some two years of regular work since first making her ac quaintance with tbe sea, and, having been pretty carefully handled in that time, may be looked upon as nearly new. Her rig is that of & three-masted schooner of some power, and her appearance in the water, whether at anchor or underway, is graceful. Sbc bas fine lines, and will doubtless prove that she possesses a ' speedy fool,' a very favourable indication of her speed having been given in her run down tbe bay cn Saturday, The Soucnays is also a vessel of size, her ' measurement showing 593 tons register, and 750 tons burthen. Her length over all is 210 feet, ber breadth twenty-seven feci, and her depth of hold, sixteen feet, With a full cargo ehe will draw about thirteen feet of watch The Soucbays may be said to have been originally designed for carrying cargo or 6tock, and for the latter purpose ehe appears to be admirably adapted, having ample ventilation, roomy decks, and speed, while her case in a seaway has been already established. An idea of bcr capacity, as regards' tbe conveyance ot fitock, may best be given by saying that she can find ample room for sonic 260 head of cattle, or a proportionate number of sheep. Her passenger accommodation is also of a high class, the saloon being handsomely fitted np, while the sleeping berths are commodious and well ventilated. Her engines are of the soundest description, and display first class workmanship. Nominally they arc of HO-borae power, and are the only marine engines in the colonics which have three cylinders. The boilers are in fine condi tion, and are calculated to last for some six years at least. Tbe trial trip of the Souchays on Satur day was in every respect a successful one, and the rate of speed attained in her runs between the lightships was highly satisfac tory. She got anderwav shortly after one o'clock, and the run down from lightship to lightship was made in lb. 53min. Slsec., tbe return journey being accomplished in lh. 49mia. 13aec. Downwards tbe 6teamcr had to face the disadvantages of a fresh breeze a-bead and a flood-tide, while in getting homeward again, there was the ebb-tide to interfere with ber progress. From the lower lightship the SoucbayB steamed right away down the 'Western Channel until nearly off Qucenscuff, when she made & long turn, and began the homeward run. On reaching Hob&on;'s Bay, the trip having been ended between six and seven in the evening, a torn was made to test the steering power of the steamer, and ahe was found to answer her helm like a yacht.— Argus, November 3. ? BRISBANE. DEfABTl'Bte, November 28.— Douglas, Margaret and Mary, for the Rich mond River; December 3.— Winterthur, for Calcutta, December 4.— Fionecr, for Richmond River ; Jessie, for Pert Mactjuaric. ADELAIDE. ARRIVALS. November 30.— Euphrates, from London. December 1. — William, from Mauritius. December 2.— Lady Cecilia, from London ; Alexander, from Glasgow. December 3.— Kestrel, from 6ydney. December 4.—' Verulam, from London. Norrmber 30.— Euphrates, from London. I December 1. — Williams, from Mauritius, j UEPARrUfiES, November 27.— City of Melbourne, for King George's Sound, December 4.— Contest, for Sydney. CLXABXD OUT. December 8.— Contest, 320, Leighton, for Sydney. Passenger —Mrs, Clark. Cargo— 876 quarters G25 bags wheat, 92 tons flour, 10 tons boy, ? HOBART TOWN, ARRIVAL, November 29.— Albion, from Newcastle, LA&NCE8TON.; ARRIVAL. December 1,— Tarra, from Newcastle. AUCKLAND. ARRIVALS, Nevcmbcr 23.— Auckland fs.J, from Sydney, November 25.— Novelty, from Sydney, November 26.— Queen of the Mersey, from London ; Wilhelm, from Mauritius; Eliza, from WorrnambooL DEPARTURES. November 22,— SL Magnus, for Newcastle. November 23.— Deva, for Adelaide, November 30.— Cbarlotte Andrews, 353, Jenkins, for Sydney, Passenger— Mr. March. Cargo ; 621 brass guns, 16 ploughs. PORT CHALMERS. ABR1VAIS. November 23.— Star of Tasmania, Albert William, Caillc, from London ; Minister Thorbeck, from Rotterdam. November 24,— City of Dunedin, from Glasgow ; Dauntless, from London. DEPARTURES. November 24.— Maiaura, for Calcutta ; Encrgic, for Newcastle ; Fata Morgana, for Batavia, November 26.— Fhoebe Dunbar, for Newcastle ; John Temper ley, for Twofold Bay. 'November 27,— Electric, Shah Jchan, for Twofold Bay, VESSELS IN HARBOUR. ADELAIDE, barque, 331, Birkcnsb&w;, Darling Harbour, G, A. Lloyd and Co., agents, ADV KNTURE, barque, 3C5, Ryder, Towns* Wharf, R, Towns and Co., agents. ALFRED, eblp, 1200, Descarleret, Circular Wharf, J. B, Metcalfe, agent. For London. ALEUT, brig, 212, Owen, Dariing Harbour, J. L, Montefloro, agent, ALICE CAMERON, barque, 360, Barrow, Circular Wharf, I.aid lcy, Ireland, and Co., agents, For Auckland. AMAl'El'R, schooner, 289, Harvey, Moore's Wharf, J. L* Montefiorc, agent. AMHERST, brig, 220, Lee, Towns' Wharf, R, Towns and Co., agents, for South Seas. ARMISTICE, barque, 375, ? , Campbell's Wharf, J, Malcolm, agent. AKNO, American ship, 91G, Mason, Family's Wharf, Gilchrist, AY&tt;, and Co., agents, Discharging. ATKEY1DA, barque, 450, Bce&cu;, Darling Harbour, Durham and Irving, agents. A, W. STEPHEN, American ship, 474, Brown, Farrelly's Wharf, Ycnnard and 6ievens, agents. Discharging, BONITA, French Transport, Condicr, Farm Cove. BREADAI.B AN E, barque, 215, Saabye, Darling H&tbour;, Laidley, Iicland, and Co,, agents. For Otago. BURNETT, brig, 137, Fairclougb, Smith's Wharf, M'Donald, Smith, and Co., agents. For S. 6. Islands. CAERNARVON, barque, 820, Ewing, Towns' Wharf, R. Towhs and Co., agents. 1 CANAAN, ship, 900, Wilson, Campbell's Wharf, G. A, Lloyd and Co., sgents. Discharging. CHARLOTTE ANDREWS, barque, 356, Jenkins, Grafton Wharf, l.uidlcy, Ireland, and Co,, agents. CHEETAH, schooner, 120, Sustenance, Cove, J, L. Montcfiore, agent. COLONIAL EMPIRE, ship, 1200, lloss, Circular Wharf, J, L. Montefiore, agent. For London. CURLEW, brig, 112, Smith, Towns's Wharf, R. Towns and Co., agents. DART, brig, 220, C&rpbin;, Grafton Wharf, Laidley, Ireland, end Co,, agents. For Rockhampton, DORA, snip, 854, Pendrie, Circular Wharf, J, L. Montefiorc, agent. Discharging and for Shanghai. DUNCAN DUNBAR, ship, I860, Swanson, Circular Wharf, Gil christ, Watt, and Co., agents, E. K. BATESON, brig, 180, M'Gregor, Darling Harbour, Captain, agent, ELECTRA, ship, 380, Bishop, Darling Harbour, Dibbs, Thorn, and Co., agents. E6K, ship, 404, Truscott, Grafton Wharf, M'Donald, Smith and Co,, agents. Discharging, E. T, 1m, barque, 316, Bhodcr, Dry Dock, Thacker, Daniell, and Co., agents. FORRES, barque, 250, Wrangles, Moore's Wharf, Captain, Bgenu For Ban Francisco. FREAK, brig, 217, Henley, Darling Harbour. A. Small, agent. FURY, barque, 878, Asnmorc, Farrelly's Wharf, J. Malcolm, agent- Discharging. GASPABD, French ship, 439, Beltello, In the Stream, Gilchrist, Watt, and Co,, agents. For Melbourne, GOVERNOR, brig, 147, Milne, Towns' Wharf, R. Towns and Co., agents. GRATIA, brig, 280, Jacobs, Darling Harbour, T, G, fiawklns, agent. H M.S. HIMALAYA, 6 guns, Lacy, Farm Oove, refitting for England* HIHONDKLLIC, schooner, ISO, Iledrord, Grafton Wharf, Laid ley, Ireland, and Go,, agenta. For Napier. HO'J'srUK, ship, 1677, Blaooy, in the Cove, G. A. Lloyd and Co,, IsiSwOF THE SOUTH, ship, 821, Bunnell, Circular Wharf, Gilchrist, Walt, and Co , agenta. For London. JANE LOCKHART, schooner, ISO. Wiiiiama, Campbell's Wharf, Molison nod Week, agenta; For Otago. ? JOHN VANNER, ahip, 000, Moore, Campbell's Wharf, G. A. Lloyd and Co., agenta. Discharging. LALLA ROOKH, brig, 100, Hamilton, Cove, G. A. Lloyd end L/PhO§d'e,' eblp, 1400, Williams, Circular WTliarf, Giloariat, Watt, and Co., agenta. For London. LION, barque, 210, Bennett, Patent Slip Wharf, Laidley, Ireland, and Co', agenta. For Rockhampton, LOUIS AND MIRIAM, brig, 127, Vandcrvord, Grafton Wharf, Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agents. For Wellington MARGARET and ELIZA, ship, 630, Smith, Towns' Wharf, R. Towns and Co., agents. . . . MARTHA, ecbooncr, 00, Rogers, Darling Harbour, J, Maloolm, HAKy'nICHOLSON, barque, 258, Robinson, Towns' Wharf, R. Towns and Co., agenta. For New Caledonia. ? M ELAN IE, schooner, 170, Longmuir, Town's Wharf, R. Towns and Co , agents. „ NA1IVE LA8B, ecbooncr, 105, M'Lood, Campbell's Wharf, Campbell and Co., agents. NEVILLE, Bhip, 716, Robinson, Walker's Wharf, Willis, Merry, and Co., ogcnls, For Shanghai. NOltTHAM, P. and O. a, I860, Bkottowc, Watervicw Bay, 1L Moore, agent. Refitting for Galle, PARA6UUTE, chip, 862, Howland, in the Stream, Captain, a gent. PLANET, ship, 667, Jenkins, Darling Harbour, Willis, Merry, and Co , agents. For London, RITA, brig, 198, Boater, Darling Uatbour, Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agents. 8EA GULL, schooner, 121, M'Donald, iu tbe Cove, Captain; agcDti 6UACKAMAXON, ship, 995, Teulon, Circular Wharf, Willis, Mem-, and Co., agents. For London. SPRAY', schooner, 120, Brown, Grafton Wharf, Molison and Black, agents. 8PRAY, brig, 144, Eedy, Stream, Captain, agetit STOKM BIRD, schooner, 164, Craig, in tbe Stream, Captain, agent. For Melbourne, UNCLE TOM, schooner, 180, Leonard, Towns' Wharf, R. Towns and Co,, agents. For Brisbane. URUGUAY, barque, 320, Pringle, Market Wharf, Captain, agent, Wa W, SMITH, ship, 601, Harris, Stream, Saunders and Co., q gents. YARROW, brig, 249, Scott, Stream, Captain, agent. VESSELS EXPECTED IN SYDNEY. rnotl LONDON. Ardbcrg, 925 tons, Nicol, August 28. Sailed. Blackball, 838 tons, Ilarrison, September 17. 8 ailed, Celteno, 792 tons, Mitchell, September 16. Sailed, Coya, 500 tons, Brown, Damascus, 1800 tons. U&rk;&w;&y;, 898 tons, Johnston. Ids, 1167 tone, Laws. September 22. Balled. Lcich&rdt;, 590 tons, Clarke, Lochicl, 674 tons, Haddon. Mary Scott, 588 tons, Hardy, September IB, Sailed, Kourm&bat;, 846 tons, Fowler, Rifleman, 724 tons, Bruce. St. Kilda (s.), August 30, Bailed. 6srah Neumann, 1004 tons, 6tar of Evening (e.), August 30. Bailed, Btratbdon, 1200 tons. Veneris, 566 tons, Bowen, September 14, Sailed. Walter Hood, 1000 tons. West Hartley, No. 1, 69 tons, Berry, August 12. Balled. West Hartley, No, 2, 69 tons, Scott, August 13. Sailed. YBOM LTW&POOL;, Cyclone, 594 tons, Hossock* Erin-go-Bragh, 111 tons, Borlasc. Ocean Empress, 10S7 tons, M'Donald.* Princess Beatrice, 1129 tons, Honim. Bcotia, 1040 tons, Johnston, September 3, Sailed. rnoM LX1TH, Thane (s*), 250 tons. PHOK BErsrOE.1 Statesman, 786 tons, Morrelt LATEST DATES. England ... ... ... ... September 35 Ditto (by telegraph) ... ? October 3 America New York... ... ... ... ficpiem.bcrl7 Ditto (by telegraph) ... ... September 22 San Francisco ... ... ... Soptembcr 23 Cape of Good Hope ... ? September I Mauri tins ... ... ... ... October C Cevlon (Colombo ... ... ... October 24 Calcutta ... ... ... ... October 12 Singapore ... ... ... ... September 20 Bombay ... ... ... ... October 14 Batavia ... ... ... ... September 26 Madras ... ... ... ... October 14 Manila ... ... ... ... September 28 China ... ... ... ... September 26 Australian Colonies Melbourne ... ... ... December 7 Queensland December 6 Adelaide ... ... ... ... December 4 L&unccston; ... ... ... November 29 Hobart Town ... ... ... November 29 Perth ... ... ... ... October 23 New Zealand Auckland ... ... *.. December 1 Nelson ... ... ... ... November 21 Otago ... ... ... ... November 38 Lyttelton ... ... ... ... November 14 Wellington ... ... ... November 21 Taranaki ... ... ... ... November 17 Wanganui... ... ... July 2 Tahiti. .. ... ... ... May 28 Vancouver's Island ... ... ... Beptember 17 / {Shipping Noes continued from ,«-/-* 9.) * IMPORTS. December 4* Alert, from Mauritius : 4804 bags augur, OrUtr December 6. Hotspur, from London t 20 hogsheads, Brown und Co. ; 160 MAkftges. M. Samuels ? U juckages, g. Wilkio; 43 packages, Kohn and Co. ; 649 bags «at, E. Lee ; 150 hogsheads, 755 pack ages, 8oott* Henderson, and Co. ; 135 packages, G. A/Lloyd and Co. ? i 8 packages, H. ttuiterworth ; 50 hogsheads, 550 packages, walfoiti end Bparke; 549 packages, D, Cooper and Co.: 201 packages, M* Alexander ; 50 hogsheads, N\ M 'Michael ; 34 hogs B; Palmer ; 626 packages, Learmotitb, Dickinson, and Co. : HQ packages, A. Ledger; 1 paoksge, Mrs. James: 4 packages. £i*V1i10D » 680 bundles iron, 7 packages, J. Keep ; 332 tierce*, ^wukinson, Brothers, and Co. ; 100 hogsheads, It. F. Tooth and Co.; 319 arms, fi packages, It. Ircdale and Co.; 3% pack , ^-ea^c ? 1M packages, Caird, Patersoo, and Co. ; fS hklf- nogsheads, 50 packages, Willis, Merry, and Co.; Mv. eases, Campbell and Co, ; b packages, Gilchrist* Wait, and Co. ; 4 packages, Wolfen, Broibora ; tiO hogsheads, F, M*Nab and uta. ; o packages, G. 6. Loathes and Co. ; 832 rails, Commissioners ?f Railways ; 100 casks, Smith, Brothers, and Co. ; 1 package, Hobeon and Whiting ; 1 package, Mrs. A. M'K.nley ; 100 tons ?oak 1800 deals, 1584 bars 410 bundles iron, 1271 package*, ? Order, Telegraph (a), from Brisbane ; 2b bales wool, R. and F. Tooth and Co. ; 6 bales wool, Willis, Merry, and Cu, ; 99 bales wool, Mori and Co, ; 20 bales wool, D. Brewster ; vH ,balcs wool, Napier ; 83 balca wool, Gilchrist, Watt, and Co. ; 7 biles wool, T. Wilson and Co. ; 10 package* frail, H- Griffiths; Cp&ckage-t; fru/., Henrique* ; 6 packages, K. Heard ; and ^andriee. Planet, from llo llo : 2hG0 bags sugar, 30,000 empty bays, Coin aial bugar Co. December C. Khclra, from San Francisco : 10,GCo socks flour, 99'., bug* wheat, 634 bags o*u, Dlbbs, Tbarac, and Co. 8pray, from Cabbage Bay : 95,000 feet timber, Order, kasgatira (« ), from Melbourne: 12 eiaet, J, G. Uum*.; 21 oases, Henty ; 461 cases candles, J, White ; 2 cases, Cook and Co. ; 7 packages, M. Worm aid ; 17 cases, G. Moore; 14 packages, J. and b. Thompson ; 2 packages, Petersen, Boosen, and Co, ; 9 packages. Brodnli/. and Co. ; 13 packages, W, Drynan; 11 peek ages, J. lienriqutfe; 4 packages, A, 1'itz ; 2 packages, J,, aod S. fiamucl; 2 packages, Muntllcld; 9 coses fruit, Hardy ; 43 cases fruit, Lawless ; 64 cases fruit, Griffiths and Co.: GJ packages. Frazer and Co. ; 5 packages, Levick and Co. ; 4 cases, Wilson ; 7 packages, W. ondb. Gardner; M packages, A. Collins; 6 pack ages, blopcr ; 2b packages, J.jve and rton ; 0 coses wiuc. Tail ; 12 «sske fish, 100 boxes candles, Watkine and l^elph ; 159 hose* tandliF, G, Board and Co.; 9 rolls lead, It. Hbeldoo ; 10 cares, Allan, Street, and Norton ; 2* packages, Fox and Co.; 2 cases, Myers and tkiloinonu; 240 pack ages apples, 2 packages, A. Solum/ and Co.; 83 packages, Ah Teak ; 22 packages, W. Long; 5 package*, Mad docks; 62 coils wire, 9 packages, L. and o. biuuue! : 11 packages, F, G, Mylrea; 8 cases, B. B. Marks ; 14 coses, C, Moore and Co. ; 10 cases, J. and 12. ltow ; 83 pieces machinery, W\ u. A in* worth ; C8 bales hay, W. Wright; 22 packages, Pope; lOQciecs ad, titan ford ; 12 package*, It. H, Booth ; 466 caeca candies, and f .ndrv packages, Order. December 7. Chtctah* from South Boa Islands : 50 tons cocounut o.l, J. L, Montifiorc. Clarence (s ), from Brisbane : 44 bales wool, Scott, Hendcrron, mud Co. ; 3 bundles skins, Durham and Irwin ; 5 bales wool, Gilchrist, Watt, and Go. ; b boles woo), h bogaheads tallow, Tide well, Wilson, and Co. ; 50 hides, Hangar, Gtichriai, and Co. Lalla Rookb, from the Kcegces : 10 balcc cotton, 65 tun., cocoa but oil, G. A. Lloyd and -'o. Charlotte Andrews, from Auckland : 38 tons gum, 14 package*, 6»rdtr. Uruguay, from ban Francisco : 4007 quartcr-.aUis hour, 776 kAgs barley, 672 bags oats, 2951 bags wheat, 9W0 Xt«l plonks, Dolby and ticott. December 10, Wonga Wonga (e,J, from Melbourne : 20 packages, J. I rascr ; 90 bags pepper, A. Fairfax and Co ; 40 packages fruit, lawless; 16 packages -/, Kddy ; 41 packages fruit, Griffith'; 20 packages Iron, James and tundi.cb, EXPORTS. December 4. Antipodes, for J.auriceiJton ; 1 «juaru:r-(.ash wine, Oiflord and Dros; 1 «juarU;r-cio-k wine, T. Bennett and Co.; 2b; tont ?oal, Newcastle Coal Co. ; 1 octave, 4 case* wine, 1 case, i. M*Kezi/le; CO cask* tallow-, Leannonth, Dick, noon, and Co. ; 211)0 fcidts, JtaboBC, Fee?, and Co, Black Dog, for New Caledonia: 5 hogsheads 30 coma geneva, 19 hogsheads wine, 1 hogshead rum, 6 packages tea, M. hour and €o. ; JO cases wine, 23 cawjs brandy, 26 cases 5 hogsheads claret, 40 eases absynlhc, Iavcitict, Curtier, and Co.; 1 ewe cigar*, 30 bag* sugar, Franck, Brothers, and Gann; 2 packages tobacco, 1 case cigarF, Watkins and J^-igb ; 1 box tobacco, M. Myers; 1 hogshead tugar, Colonial tiugar Co. ; 10 packages coffee, 5 coses sugar, J. 1 rarer and Co. ; 20 casks wine, 25 casks 119 cases brandy, 14 bar* non, 31 packages, A. 6oImilr. and Co. ; 10 hogo bcads 34 eases claret, 2 hogsheads 45 ousca brandy, 11 packages tobacco, 1 6 bags barley, 20 bugs outs, 40 bags maize, 89 bags Hour, 35 bags bran, 14 bags biscuits, 2u bags potatoes. 24 bogshe&ds; bottles, 252 pots, 8000 palings, 90,000 shingles, 129 pieces timber, €22 battens, 5h»i iKiarcU, 40 hags tice, lb? packages, J. C. W. Hinscb ; 50 sheep, 91 barrde hour, 49 barrels beans, C cases, lU Towns and Co.;3Qaaes, I'. liocber; 12 yuickageH, J. Keep; 50 cotes geneva, 2 package* tobacco, U. jidultoa. bteinwardor, for feoulh ties Dlands : 20 bags riour, 11 bag* nalt, 2.00 feet timber, (-00 feet cedar, 65 puckages, J. (j, Williams ; 6 packager, AM 'Arthur and Co ; 35 bags sugar, J. Iruzcr aud Co. ; 16 Uerccs l-cef, 15 cask- beer, 177 oil casks, 10(1 oars, bO bags flour, 20 drums oil, 24 doors, 4b savhee, 24 packages bread, 25 sheep, I horse, I cow-, 34 |iackagcs Kabone, Fee/, and Co. ; 77 packages, J. Duguid and Co. ; 7 packages, Father Hoc her ; and pari of onginai cargo. J't-esletp, for Auckland : 283 head cattle. H. lk-il. Mary f-initb, for Geclong : lout) bags mai/e, 6 log'- cedar, 506epokvs, Andrrpon, Cuinpbcli, and (3o. ; 1 caw, Law, fjomner, nnd Co. December 5. Varra Yarra (r.j, lur Brisbane: 3 boxes tooacco, t* octaves wiocs, 1 cask, J. Frazcr and Co. ; 100 cases geneva, i bogehcud 3 quarter-casks brandy, G hogshead* rum, 25 paskugc* tea, GO mate sugt-r, 13 packager, Dangur, Giicbrist, and Co. ; 5 boxes tobacco, W. II. AJdiB; 1 package tobacco, Girtard and Bros; 5 packages tobacco, 59 bugs Hour, K 'i'owns and Co. ; 200 bags flour, H3 mats sugar, 31 packages, Tidsweli, Wilsoa, and Co. ; 2 boxes tea, 3 bags sugar, 1 case collee, 2 packages, Love and Son, 1 -juarter-catk wine, Brown and Co.; 3 pockuges tea, 1 octave wine, 3 packages, Bniith, Feate, and Co. ; 1 quE'ter ca*k wine, W. Ining ; 2 packages, Young, Lark, and Co. ; 19 packages, J. Caldwell ; 1 cask, J. and K. How; 3 packages, 11. toitb ; 1 case, C Hush ; 1 package, Prince, Ugg, and Co, ; i packages, A. Daydon and Co. ; 33 grindstones, 70 bars iron, 113 packages, Ircdalc and Co. ; 8 cases, J. Kohn and Co. ; 10 packages, J. Keep; 5 packages, J. Lcvick and Co.; 2 cases, C. Newton, Brother, and Co. ; 4 packages, T. Kdeua; 149 bundle* 37b bars iron, 1 package, J. B. lioldswertb ; 25 hogsheads beer, It. and i . Tooth and Co. ; b cases, Wright and Co. ; t case, ButteT, Urotberr ; C packages, P. N. Kusscll and Co. ; 1 case, J. Harris ; 3 cases, Gregory, Cubitt, and Co.; 10 bag* flour, J. Barlow ; 4 pick ages, Fi&vellc;, Brothers; 7 packages, A. M'Artbur and Go, ; 1 package, Uobinson; 00 bag* flour, Willis, Merry, and Co. ; 19 package*, A Fairfax and Co.; 5 packages, J. and ti. ticott; 2 case?, Iw&ckcmein; ; 40 bags rice, ti. A. Joseph ; 3 cases, J. Moras ; 8 packages, liczleti ; 1 package, Giles and Co. ; 1 pack age, It. F. Poekley; I case, F. Perks ; 1 case, Gilchr.'i, Watt, and Co, ; 9 packages, J. and S. Tbompson ; l case, F. M'Nab and Co. ; 61 packages, Chapman, Brothers ; 4 caees, liiliott, Brothers ; 6 packages, Wilkinson, Brothers, and Co. ; 2 case*, D. and E, M. Levi ; 3 packages, J. Carr; 1 package, D. Jones and Co. ; 2 casks ale, 14 packages, Dsvey and Hunter ; 10 packages, T. Johnson ; 6 cases, H. Jiargravc* ; 15 horses, Burt and Co. ; 1 horse, Harris ; 1 horse, Hamilton ; 4 packages, K. Vickery ; 50 bags flour, W, Nicholson ; 4 packages, Anderson and Co. ; 2 packages, Younger and Hon ; 39 cases fruit, 1L Griffiths and Co. For Wide Bay ;.12 chests tra, 10 bag* salt, 20 mats sugar, 3 horses, 60 bag* flour, 2 packages tobacco, 59 packages, Gilchrist, Watt, and Co. ; .10 case* geneva, 1 box tobacco, 2 hogsheads brandy, 10 esses old torn, 20 packages tea, 8 packages coffee, 5 tone salt, 20 bag* flour, 10 hogs- - heads beer, 81 mats sugar, 10 bugs rice, 89 pack ager., Hangar, Gilchrist, and Co. ; 2 hogshead* rum, 1 quarter-cask whisky, Wutkins and Leigh ; 3 cases 1 wine, 1L Beit ; 12 packages beer, J. T. Armitage ; 1 package, G. Griffiths; 28 mats sugar, Colonial Sugar Co. ; 17 mats sugar, 2 packages tea, J. Frazcr and Co. ; 3 packages to i, Tidewell, Wilson, and Go. ; 14 mats sugar, 40 bags flour, 6 pack ages, N. Coston ; 4 quarter-casks 1 octave 7 cases wine, 47 bags salt, 15 bugs flour, 1 case brandy, 2 packages, Brown and Co.; 1 1 package tobacco, C. George ; 4u bag- flour, T. bkinucr ; 2 pack ages, E. G. Wilson ; 25 pacaagee, N. MacmicbaelLl box, Klavt-llc, Brothers 2 packages, C. Brown; 14 packages, Keep and Bartons; 5 packages, Haddington and tions; 3 packages, Falser and Cow llshaw- ; 4 packages, C. Bovii ; 82 packager, J. B. Holuswortb ; 3 packages, J, and K. How ; 3 Eackagce, l.lliott. Brothers ; 2 cases, W, Fairfax and Co. ; 10 age maize, W. bbort; 50 bags flour, It bags salt, 8 pacaogcs, Young, Lark, and Co.; 1 case, A. M'Arthur and Co. ; 7 pock ages, DunniclifT and Co. ; 24 packages, J. Keep; 1 case, C. Newton, Brother, and Co. : 74 bars 6 bundles iron, 53 packages, R. Iredalc and Co. ; C packages, K. Hughes; 2 casks beer, H, and F. lootb and Co. ; 1 case, 1L tichilsky ; 8 packages, a, B. Armstrong; 1) packages, J. tavick and Co. ; 52 packages, Ah Teak ; 6 packages, D and E. M.Lcvi; 12 bags maize, L. Marshall ; SO bags flour, 64 mats sugar, 10 packages tea, 77 packages J. Bar low i 4 packages, Petersen, Boesen, and Co. ; 1 case, J. J. Moore ; 3 cases, Aldcrson and boas ; 3 packages, G. Moore and Co. ; 1 case, Veyret and Delaruc ; 1 bale, lb Bailey ; 1 cart F, C, Knight ; ISpackages, Goodlet and (smith ; 2 packages, F. .M'Nab and Co. ; 1 cart, J, Bionyand Co, ; 1 case wine. II. Beit ; 11 package*, beer, 21 packages, J. Hurst and Co. ; 10 bags flour, T. C. Breillat ; 3 packages, A. Rooke ; 15 bags flour, S packages, G. Griffiths ; 3 packages, J. Moore; lease, A J* Watt; 2 packages, 11, C. Brookes ; 10 bags coal, W. H, M'Kcown. Susannah Booth, for Otago : 15 quarter-casks 26 cases wine, 5 quarter-casks brandy, 6 cases tobacco, Franck, Brothers, and Ce ; 20 casks butter, 6 cases, J. M'Kouney; 20 casks beef, 31 bags maize, W, Jones ; 192 bags maize, 72 kege butter, R, Icetone ; IS kegs butter, Myers and Cantor ; 2 bundles, K. Vickery ; lit) bags potatoes, Hardy ; 1 piano, 2 cases, J. Clulow ; 94 bags maize, 30 kegs butter, Bond ; 21 packages, Kobn and Co. ; 81 bags maize, H* Priestly ; 2 packages, M'Donsld. 6abrina, for Mauritius: 260 tons coal, 75 cosk6 tallow, 25C tierce* 60 barrels beef, M'Donald, Bmith, and Co. Esther, for Melbourne via Newcastle : 10C tons coal, B!igh, HarbotUe, and Co, December 7, Wave of Life, for Baffle Crock : 2 packages lea, 2 eases brandy, 1 box tobacco, 12 bags sugar, 15 bags flour, 19 packages, Gil christ, Watt, and Co. ; 84 bugs augur, 8 packages tea, 20 bag6 flour, 10 packages, Frazcr and Co.; G packages, Ashdown and Co,; lease, J. and E. Row; SCO bundles, 33 packages, J. B, HoldflWorth; 425 bags salt, Willis, Merry, and Co.; 2 pigs, Lamb, Parbury, and Co. ; 2 packages, E. vickcry ; 1 boiler, 7 packages, P. N. Russell and Co. ; 30 bugs flour, Breillat ; 1 pack age, K. Jteilly. Balclutba (s.), for Kockhampton : 40 packages tea, 1 package tobacco, 7 packages, Frazcr and Co, ; 4 quarter-casks brandy, 1 quarter-cask -whisky, M. Ba&r; and Co. ; 30 mats sugar, 2 packages tea, 1 quarter-cask whisky, Brown and Co. ; 10 cases old torn, 10 cases geneva, i quarter-cask, S cases brandy, 1 quarter-cask wincf 5 caae£ whisky, 12 casks beer, G. Fcsq : 1 cask spirits wine, 7. Browa ; 2 casks sugar, 80 bags flour, 29 packages, R. F. Pockley ; 10 chesu tea, 55 mats sugar, 17 packages, 8. A Joseph; 1 package tobacco, Gedye, M'Crca, and Co. ; 80 bags flour, 3 pack ages tea, 14 mats sugar, 10 bags salL 25 packages, Gilchrist, Watt, and Co. ; 20 cases brandy, Gitfard and Bros : 10 cases geneva. 1 hogshead 1 quarter cask brandy, 2 quarter-casks wine, Henriqaes, Jonbert, and Co. ; 1 quarter-cask 8 cases wine, Tucker and Co. ; 6 casks sugar, 1 package tea, 7 packages, A. Hayden and Co. ; 1 cask coflcc, 30 boxes soap, 45 packages, Falser and Cowlishaw; 15 packages tea. 8\. a. Joseph ; 2 packages tea, 2 packages, A. Fairfax and Co. ; 29 bags flour, 1 dray, 2 packages tea, 51 packages, J, Binnr and Co, ; 20 boxes tea, 28 mats sugar, M, Baar and Co, ; 2 casks 14 mate sugar, 6. Bennett and Co. ; 1 case, Colcgale, Adnata, and Co. ; 1 case, Petersen, Bocecn, and Co.; 2 packages, p. N. Russell and Co. ; 2 cases, Alderson and Sons ; 6 packages, J. and E. Row ; 5 packages, E. C. WecUcs and Co. ; 12 packages, 6. Zollner ; 1 package, E. Vickcry ; 6 packages, Saddington ana Sons ; 3 cases, fi, EoffnuDg ; 1 package, T. i'urcell; 9 packages, D. and 8. M, Levi ; 20 bags rice, 14 packages, Rabone, Feez, aad, Co. ; 6 nests tubB, 27 packages, J, Keep ; ' 19 package*, J. B. Holds worth ; 6 cases, Myers and Solomon; i caw, J, Baptist ; -1 Ircdale and Co. ; 1 case, Sarpy and Mus gravetS cases, J. and W* Byrnes and Co. ; 2 casks, J. Kohn and Go.; 8 packages, C; Newton, Brother, and Co.; 1 case. M'Donald, Smith, and Co. ; 14 packages, Watkins and Leigh ; 2 packages, T. Williams ; 27 bags maize, W; Ferry ; 1 package. Hyam and Co. ; 12 bags floor, $ packages, Caird, Faterson,' and Ca:l case, Australian Joint fitock Bank; 15 packages, J. Levick and Co. ; 4 packages, F. Giles and Co. ; 1 horse, 1 cart, 3 .packages, Hoppmann; 9 packages, Keep and Parsons; 14 packagee, K, K Holt ; 3 packages, W» Pearson ; 10 ba^w malv.c, 1 package, W. Holme* ; 27 packages, R. Vesey; 6 casks beer, 7 eases wine, Heirinc* lUrpcr, and Co.; 3 packages, W. T. Finbey ; 2 packages, WeUUr; 3 packages, Martin ; 1 case, Mots and Co. ; 1 hale, J. J. Moore ; 1 piano. 2 packages, J, Bennett, Kate, for Auckland : 106 hogsheads rum, 175 bags sugar, 9 cases drapery, 117 boxes candles, 4 packages, A. 8. Webster ; 100 boxes 20 half-cheats tea, 382 canea 2 quartertaskB broody, 50 cases whi*ky, 50 cases old torn, 104 cases wine, 89 hogsheads beer, 2C0 lbs, powder, 6 cwt, shot, 220 bags rice, 80 boxes candle*, 40 boxes soup, 77 casks peas, 170 cases pickle*, 59 taxes oil, 85 cases wine, 70 packages, Lcarmontb. Dickinson, and Co. ; C boxes tobacco, 1G bags co lice, GitSaid ana Bros; 10 boxes tobacco, 70 cases, J, G. Cootn ; 10 barrels rum, D. Cohen ; 10 boxes tobacco, Watkins and Liigh; 10 chests tea, 29 packages bacon, 10 ta*ee cheese, 281 bags maize, 2C packagtf, J, Caldwell; 49 balf-chcsta tea, A. Fairfax and Co. : 25 half-chcst* tea, t-, A Joseph ; 40 half-chcsis tea, Love and Hon ; 29 chests tea, ltU boxes candles, M. Baar and Co. ; 85 bag* sugar, 25 packages, 1- Cbapnu.n and Co. ; 1 quarter-cask wine, 1 box tobacco, lirown and Co ; 1056 bags sugar, Co'.omal tiugar Com pany ; 9 packages. T, Fcrkins ; Hi barrels pork, 11, ti. Bird; 4 cases, J. and E, Row ; lease, V. Jii'Ntb and Co. ; 1 case, P. Hocher : 8 casks tobacco, 80 packages, C. Rolieston ; 290 bags oats, J. i- Montefiorc ; 4 cases vestas, J. Kohn and Co. ; 14 pack ages betf, 53 bags wai/.c, IV. 11. Hill ; 85 boards, 10 packages, I. and 11. lookc ; 'J cases, Feilby and ficott ; 51 trunks boot*:, 2 bales, Vickery; 40 boxes soap, A. and E. A. Levey; 760 spokes, 280 felloes, 31 pieces timber, 55 packages, F. N. Hue it IT and Co.; 65 bags tnai/c, C, B. Bond: 5 packages, J. U.-vick and Co. ; 9 drays, J. Harvey; 1 package, Brush and Mac Dooticll,; 1 case plate, half-ton cheese, 33 package* beef, 2 pieces timber. Captain Sherlock ; 126 bags barley, G. A, ' lioyd and Co. ; 'JO bags maize, h lags bran, 4 cases, Wolfea, Brothers ; 1 rape, ti. Hoffoung and Co. ; 15 tierces, II. Bell ; 140 boxes soap, iJcaprp jams, 20 case* sago, 16 barrels currants, 35 cases vestas, 15 packages, Gilflilau and Co. ; 50caecs oil, C. Cecil; Senses, C» K. Sloores ; 15 caaks heef, W, Wright; 19 drays, Government storekeeper ; 1 case, L. Bronnand ; J box, L.tihar wood and tk. Dcct mbor b, Telfgraph (s, ), lor Rr.sOanu: G quaitcr-cahkb 2 hogshead* brandy, Giflard and Bros ; 1 package tobacco, 3 packaget, Dangar, Gilchrist, and Co, ; 273 bag*, sugar, 2 packages tobacco, 36 packages tea, 19 packuges, Tiduwdt, Wilson, and ;Co. ; 11 packages tobacco, WatLinu and Leigh; 12 chests lea, 2 pack age«, K. a Joseph ; 52 male sugar, 2 packages lea, A. Futrfai and Go, ; 2 packages, J. Fowl-:'. ; 150 boxes candles, 2 trucks, 21 packages, A. ti. N. Co. ; 82 coils wire, 3 cases, I., and K. fiamac! ; | 2 packages, Vennard and Elevens ; 1 case, Cole ; 5 cases, 11, : Cbaito ; 320 handle* 14 bars iron, 5 packages, J. JJ. Holds i worth ; 2 caaea, A TioseU ; 1 anchor, 2 packages, i Iredalc- and Co.; tC sheets iron, 2 packages, Friend and rjon ; 2 c&fccs; ice, It -* Company ; 33 cases fruit, H.GrifBilis; 50bagsmai/e, | Durham and Irwin ; c packages, C. Newton, Brother, and Co. ; 1 50 bagB flour, 50 bags maize, Anderson, Campbell, and Co; 1 i refrigerator, (j. Harris; 6 hogsheads beer, Reynolds; 10 bales { bay, J. NoIbd ; 1 caee, J. and E. How; 5 packages, Klliott Bro thers ; ) ca»c, Afclidowu and Co.; 3 packages, J. Keep; 13 pack ag' fc, F'rbzcr and Co. ; 1 case, A. Moore ; 1 cose, W. II. Faiiog ; ! 8 cases, D. and 8. M. Levi; 2 packages. Falser and CowlUhaw ; . 2 packages, Watkins and Leigh ; j cases Ardcrn and Co. ; 7 cases, ! K. and w( I'aol ; 27 cases, Allan, Btreel, and Norton ; 3 packages, Ferriter; 18 packages, A. Fairfax and Co.; 1 package J, Robertson; 12 packages, A. llaydon and Co. ; 15 boxes glasi, 1. F.dcns ; 4 packages, J. Lrvick and Co. ; 20 package s, J. Barlow ; 5 packages, Hyam and Co, ; 22 packages, K. Vickcry ; H packages, F. Hugbcs ; 21 packages, W. liugbes; 7 caics, F.i and \V. I'aul : 6 pacnagcs, It. Bailey ; 2 casea, Kter wn, Jiot-cn, and Co. ; 4 packages, Metcalfe and Lloyd ; 6 pack ages, Davtyand Hunter ; 9 packages, J. Caldwell ; 3 ca*cs, T. Johnson ; 10 horses, Burt and Co. ; 20 horses, 1 waggon, J, Nolan ; 1 horse, 1'crry, Brothers ; I borae, 1 carriage, M'Don ntli ; i horse, Hamilton ; 1 horse, Pctcraon; 1 horse, Kcrinvlly ; C packages, tiuddington and Hons; 10 ca^es fruit, T. L awlcs* ; J package, Bradley and Newton. W. W. Bmith, ior tilionghai ; 883 ton-- coal, Bulb Coal Com pany. Kangaroo {k }, ior Manuknu, New Zealand : 105 head caltfe, II. Bel!. WooUooifiooloo, tor L»-ndou : 452 bales wool, Frincc, Ogg, and Co. ; 21 -a hales, wool, It, Graham ; 35 bales wool, A. and W, Bushy ; 47 bales wool, lfl bage gum, 2 casks oil, 1 case, Dangar, Gilchr.st, «nd Co. ; 17 bale* wool, Wolfen, llrotbera; 36 bales wool, 5 babe skjis, 845 taidrs, 10,400 bornfi, J. Taylor ; 34 bales wou', T. h. Mori ai:d Co. ; 15 bales -wool, Buyers and Co.; 26 balei; wool, How, 'lliouiKun, ur-d Co. ; 4'J bale* woo!, Iv. Flood; Jib halt'- wool, M'Donald, bmith, and Co.; 36 bale* wool, 14 caska i allow, W fcagn gutn, Campbell and Co. ; J2D. baiter wool, ItilO hideb, J, L. Montcborc ; 6 bales wool, 37 bask* tallow, 210G hides, 1L Binn:c ; 68 bake wool, T. tikinner : J3 bales wool, Learmonth, Dickinson, and Co. ; 4 iMce coltoii, J. K-nda!l ; 41 bales leather, 479 hide*:, Alderson and Sons , tio cmske tallow, Richardson and Wrench; C'J cask4- Uillow, Lan.t, I'arbury, and (Jo.; 1010 bides, J. JC. Lbs woilh ; 862 bide*, L. Vickery; 59 casks gum, A, M'ArtUurand Co.; 177 hacks charcoal, J. aud L. Minsch ; 25 packages whale bone, ti. and H, tiolomoii ? ; 4 packages wick, N. Caston ; 2 coses, W, tVillington ; 2 case*, F. Giles aiid Co. ; 1 case, W. Hanson ; 2 coses, IL R. Montehore. Recapitulation : 1283? bales wool, 5 bobs skiris, 177 socks charcoal, 10,400 horns, 25 packages whale bone, 4 bales cotton, 41 bales leather, 200 casks tallow, 71)3 hide**, 59 ca*kf, 750 bagh gum, 2 casks oil, 12 packages sundries. Highlander, fcr Ilobart Town : 5 cases wine, I0J bagt rice, jM. Baar and Co. . So casks Leer, 130 hides, 59 bags salt, Lcar inontb, iJickim-oii, and Co. ; & bagb maize, W. IL Holmca; 11 bags pepper, 21 packages, Nl. Roe- and Co.; 13! tons coal, New ? astle Coal Conipany ; 2 c aws. Colonial Storekeeper ; 2u casks tallow, D. (Johen and Co. ; 12 tierces bc-ef, J. Uasoo ; 30 tierces bctf, Willis, Merry, and Co, ; 41 packages, 1). Nash; 5 packages, M. rnor: 45 bag* rnai.c, 57 tierces beef, 6 packages, Captain Boor ; G packages, 1-, Cobon and Co, Dccctiiber 9. lUDgatira (s.), lor Melbourne : 9 boxck tobacco, Lamo, Far bury, and Co,; % bales tobacco, M. Laylc-y ; 70ca*cs w:oe, Joskc, Brothtre ; 9 barrels oil. It. 1), Merrill and Co.; 3 packages, J. Powell ; I case birds, C. Teaklc ; 1 case, Vennard and fitevene ; 3 cases, Ilyam and Co. ; 13 bags fieb, ti. K. Lee ; 70 cases fruit, P. Culkn : 94 cases fruit, 14S lags maize, IL Hardy ; 4 c&tcrq; II. Chatto and Co, ; 37 bags fl6li, Ah Teak ; 20 hogsheads lame, Colonial tiugar Co ; 58 bags oysters, 59 cases fruit, F. James ; 1 case, W. Dcun and Co, ; 57 c&ecs; fruit, Fope ; 57 cases fruit, A Williams; 25 chbbb butter, J. M'Kanney ; lease, A. R. Reed; 1 package, F. N. Ruset-11 and Co. ; 9 casks oil, Learmonth, Dickin son, and Co, ; 1 package, A. Steward ; 109 cases fruit, T. Law less ; 129 cases fruit, H. Qrifliths: and Co. ; 2 packages. Cslder ; 54 bugs oy*-tcrs, 1 case, F.morson ; 6 packages, A» Fritchard ; 45 cast s fruit, C. Burke; 11 packages, A. H. N. Co. Additional— Jenny Cox, for Brisbane : I boiler, V. N\ UasscU and Co. ; 52 bags maize, It. Cox. 