SUMMARY EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Parliament assembled on Tuesday last, after the Easter recess. The Council immediately took up the bill to amend the Electoral Act, and pro- ceeded in committee to consider its clauses. On Wednesday, before ad- journing for the remainder of the week, they had reached the 105th clause of the measure, none of the leading features of which they have disapproved of, bold as are the proposed innovations on the exist- ing system. The Council took exception, however, to the 65th clause, which pro- vided that writs for elections for that Chamber should be issued by the Presi- dent, and not by the Governor, except- ing when the President may be absent from the colony. It was argued that the alteration might be construed into an insult to the Governor, and on that ground an amendment in favour of the continuance of the existing practice was adopted. It is not probable that the act will be subjected to alteration on any important prin- ciple contained in it. It will pass sub- stantially as it left the Assembly, and was described last month. The Local Government Bill and the Immigration Bill are also before the Council, and their consideration will follow immediately on the disposal of the Electoral Act Amend- ment Bill. The Legislative Assembly has had no business of importance before it since the recess, with the exception of the Go- vernor's Salary Bill. The question in- volved in that measure may now be con- sidered settled for some years to come, in a manner satisfactory at once to the colony and to the Colonial Office. The Ministry have accepted the vote of the As- sembly as expressing the feeling of the co- lony, and have inserted the sum of £10,000 in the bill, in place of £7,000, as the salary to be enjoyed by future Governors of Victoria. The amount now agreed upon, however, is to include the expenses of the staff, and His Excellency's travel- ling expenses-the colony, as formerly, to find and maintain a suitable residence for the representative of Her Majesty. All the securities which have hitherto surrounded the salary of the Governor under schedule D of the Constitution Act, to prevent it being lightly or unduly interfered with, have been preserved by the amendments in- troduccd in the measure now before the Assembly. Thus the main objections taken by the Duke of Newcastle to the action of the Parliament have been met, and the bill, as it now stands, cannot be objected to by the Colonial Office. Mr. Duffy's bill to amend the Land Act of 1862, is not likely to be pro- ceeded with before the already long extended session draws near its close. Shortly after the departure of the last mail, the Supreme Court gave a decision in the case of The Queen v. Taylor and Curtis, on the points reserved in the trial of the defendants in December, for evasions of the Land Act. They were charged with conspiring to procure false " declarations" that they were not, as selectors, trustees or agents under the Land Act for other persons. The Court found for the defendants on various grounds of a character tech- nical to the act. Their Honours also held that under the Land Act trus- tees might purchase, and generally that the right of capital to seek investment was a common-law right, which they were not disposed to abridge. This result was altogether unexpected by the author of the Land Act, and it ne- cessarily occasioned the postponement of the amending act. At a later period, Mr. Duffy announced that the law officers of the Crown saw no difficulty in the way of amending the Land Act, so as to meet the objections of the judges. During the recess, however, a matter of almost graver moment arose out of the appeals taken by the squatters against the amounts ,at which their runs had been valued by the Lands Department. As these appeals were heard in succes- sion, before arbitrators mutually ap- pointed, it became evident that the amount calculated upon by the Trea- surer as likely to be received from that source, would be very materi- ally reduced. In some cases, it was found that the assessments were enor- mously high, and as much as £700 was struck from the estimate of rent in one case which occurred in Gipps Land. This result rendered a revision necessary of some of the clauses of the Act applying to the pastoral lands, and as the last of the appeals will not be heard for a week or more to come, it is con- sidered expedient to postpone the new bill almost indefinitely. During the recess, indeed, it was currently rumoured that the Cabinet were divided on the subject ; and it was stated that a sec- tion of their supporters would vote for a motion, of which Mr. Grant has given notice, in favour of a return to the old and simple system of sale by auction. Mr. Duffy, however, has stated that the amended act will be brought in, and Mr. Grant's motion will follow immediately upon the introduction of the bill. Pending the amendment of the act of 1862, the selection of land in the agri- cultural areas has been stopped by pro- clamation. Mr. Duffy proposes to open a few of the areas for selection in the ensuing month, to meet the wants of bona fide settlers ; but so afraid has the Opposition become of the land passing away from the Crown, and so impatient has the remnant of the ex- Ministry waxed to test the opportunity the failure of the Land Act has given them, that Mr. Heales lias 'tabled a motion to the effect, that no more land shall be sold until the land law is amended-a motion that is, in effect, one of no confidence. This motion stands for discussion on Thursday .next The Intercolonial Conference has finished its sittings, and the delegates from the other colonies have returned home. The proceedings were conducted with closed doors, and the results have not yet been communicated to Par- liament or the public. This much only has been made known-that an energetic address and protest to Her Majesty against the revival of transpor- tation, has been signed by every member of the Conference. The select committee of the Legisla- tive Assembly, appointed on the motion of the Attorney-General to examine the precedents for the course taken by His Excellency in communicating with Par- liament otherwise than through his responsible advisers, have brought up a report. It enters into the subject at length, and concludes with the following observations :-" Your committee, under the foregoing circumstances, would recommend that resolutions be forthwith passed, declaring that the reception of the messages thus irregularly transmitted, and referred to your committee, shall not be taken to be a precedent, and that the attention of the Governor be respectfully requested to the standing orders, both of this House and of the House of Com- mons, so far as they relate to the modes of communication between the Governor and Parliament. Your committee would further respectfully suggest, with a view to the maintenance of the practice and privileges of your honourable House, that the standing orders should be sub- mitted to a careful revision, for the pur- pose of removing any doubts for which loose writing or want of arrangement may have left room." The less important incidents of the month are recorded below. Parliament has had but a short sitting since the date of our last summary, a three weeks' holiday for the Easter recess having intervened. It was expected that the bill to amend the Land Act would have engaged the attention of the Assembly previous to the ad- joumment; but the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of The Queen, v. Taylor and Curtis, charged with an evasion of the act, raised a point which the Ministry apparently felt difficulty in dealing with, and the con _sideration of the measure was accoidingly postponed until the re-assembliug of Par- liament. The manner in which, the diffi- culty is to be met, would, however, appear to be still undetermined, since further delay has taken place in the in- troduction of the measure, ostensibly on the ground that the Ministry desire first to have be- fore them fresh surveys for the purpose of assess- ment of a number of runs, the rental of which had been fixed temporarily at the rates of previous years. A fortnight, at least, will now elapse before the bill will engage the atten- tion of the Assembly. In the meantime, the -ex-Chief Secretary, Mr. Heales, has given no- tice of a motion respecting the act, which is as follows:-"That this House is of opinion that, inasmuch as the Land Act of 1862 has failed to facilitate settlement, and has encou- raged speculation in the highest degree detri- mental to the public interests, that, pending fresh legislation, no futher sales of land -within the 10,000,000 acres reserved for agri- cultural settlement, would take place." The effect of the decision of the Court, which has occasioned the postponement of the bill to amend the Land Act, is expressed in these terms :-" That trustees could purchase land for the benefit of third parties, and that the oaths required by the bill could be taken be- fore a justice, and that capitalists had rights, at common low, as to the investment of their means, which they could not permit to be overridden by an interpretation of the Land Act." Previous to the adjournment for the Easter recess, the most important measures .engaging the attention of the Assembly were the Immigration Act and the Youthful Offenders and Industrial Schools Bill. There was considerable discussion on the leading features of the first-named measure, but ulti- mately it was got through all its stages, and sent to the Upper Chamber to be dealt with there. The other two bills are still under the consideration of the Assembly, and although they had passed through committee and been reported to the House, they are to be re-com- mitted for the consideration of further amendments. Since the re-assembling of Parliament on Tuesday last, the Assembly lias chiefly been engaged upon the Esti- mates, the Governor's Salary Reduction .Bill, and a bill to amend the Real Pro- perty Act, which , has been found defec- tive in some respects. The long-pending Licenced Victuallers Act has also at length made an advance of importance, the Minister of Justice having on Wed- nesday night moved its second read ing in a lengthened speech, in which he explained the leading features of the bill. Over two of the clauses at least-the licensing clause, and what is known as the grocer's clause-there will be consider- able discussion. Under the Governor's Salary Bill, the allowance to future Governors has been fixed at £10,000 a-yoar, inclusive of -the pay of the staff and travelling expenses; but exclusive of rent and repairs to the Go- vernor's residence. The bill, of course, does not affect Sir Henry Barkly ; but will come into operation on the expiry of his tenure at office. This is briefly the history of the work of the Assembly for the month. The mem- bers of the Legislative Council are busy with the various measures sent up from the Lower Chamber for their consideration. _ It was an opinion entertained in somo quarters during the recess, that the difficulty of determining what should bo done in the ?case of the Land Act was likely to lead to misunderstanding in the Cabinet; but the position and aspect of parties since tho re- assembling of the House are such as to dissi- pate any impression of that kind. The ranks of the Government are seemingly as compact as ever, while thoseof the Opposition manifest signsof weakness and decay. One of its leading members (Mr. Brooke) is in New Zealand; another (Mr. Sullivan) is likely at no distant date to retire from the representation of Man- durang; and difference of opinion prevails to a considerable extent on tho back benches. This haB been mado unmistakably evident ia some lato discussions, and on Wednesday night last, we bud another illustration of the fact in a lather sharp passage of words which orcuired between tho ex Ohief Secretary and one of his foi ?lowers, the member for Crowlands. Mr. Woods. The latter had a motion on the paper for the adjournment of the Houso over St. Georgo's Day (Thursday), which, with the suppjrt of the Government side of the House, he carried. Mr. Heales had tho motion already alluded to on tho paper for that day, aud he was most anxious to have the opportunity of sub- mitting it. The member for Crowlands would not withdraw his motion for adjourn inent at the request of the head of his party, and the latter becoming «ngry at the refusal, thero was temporary uupleasantness between them. And tho want of unity in the ranks of tug Opposition is frequently shown in other ways. One of its leading members, Mr. Grant, member for Avoca, has a notice of motion on the paper, contingent on the introduction of tbobill io amend the Land Act, which will provoke very considerable discus- 1 sion. The " fight" of tho session may bo ex- pected over it. ' Our volunteers are enthusiastic enough not I to let many oppoi Umitas pass unimproved I of 'exhibiting their soldierly qualities in the field. It was contemplated that" a grand re- view- should bo held on St. Patrick's Day. which vi as kept as a holiday jn honour of the banisheroffiogsandtoadbc" but the weatlur proved unfavourable. There had been heavy rains for some time previous, and on tho saint's doy the Melbourne' course was en tirely unfit for the purposes of a review. A postponement was, therefore, rendered nece3saty. The review took place on the first Tuesday of the Easter holidays, and was, on tho whole, a highly successful affair. About 1,000 'voluutecrs appeared under arms, and took part in the proceedings of the day, in the presence of some 10,000 spectators. His Excellency the Governor was present during tho greater part of tho afternoon. While speaking of military, or rather semi-military, matters, certain changes in the hcad-quatters' staff in Melbourne, determined upon hy the home authorities, should be noticed. By the outgoing mail Major-General Sir T. S. Pratt, K.Ü.B.. takes his departure for England, nnd he'will be succeeds 1 in tho command of the forces in the colonies by Colonel Chute, C.B., who will take the rank of brigadier-general, and whose arrival may bj expected shortly. The office held by Lieutenant- Colonel Carey, C.B., ia to be abolished, and that officer will also take his departure for England on the arrival of Brigadier-General Chute: while the name of Captain P. W. Scratcbley, ll.E, will be added to the list of departures in June next. The brigade-major at Sydney, Captain W. Hay- ward, will bo rcmovtd to Melbourne; audit is intended that the head-quarters of the commissariat department, now in Melbourne, will ultimately lie removed to Npw Zealand. Recent intelligence from New Zealand is of a highly interesting nature, not as afftcting tUCgold-fielde, but with reference to the btago n't which tho misunderstanding with the natives has arrived. It is clear that Sit George Grey is pursuing a wise as well as a strong policy ; and tho prospect of a satisfactory settlement of tho questions in dispute is not perhaps a remote one. The forbearing policy which has been so long pur- sued seemingly tended to excite the arroganco and 'obstinacy of tho natives rather than otherwise. Wearied of endeavouring to con- ciliate, and that with JO little success, the Governor has at length assumed a bolder attitude, and thteatens force whero reason fails. Ho has already moved troops on to the disputed territory, and assured the natives that his hand is strong enough to hold it, Tho movement appears likely to have a most salutary tffect on the dis- contented and troublesome natives. If tho policy thus commenced be followed up, the New Zealand difficulty may bo surmounted in such a manner og to establish English supremacy beyond all question, and that, too, without the necessity of actual recourse to. arms. The news from the gold- fields is not of a. stnrtling or important character. That gold is being obtained insufficient abundance however, is evident from the fact that com- paratively few are returning in the meantime to this colony. True, the depat tures are not large, the rush hnvieg ceased : but the expecta- tion that number* would return, at least to spend the winter iu Victoria, has not as yet been realized. Some few months back wo had occasion to notice the existence of several " nove! enter- prises," which had sprung up in different parts of the colony, and to tlio list then given we may now add that wo are likely soon to have other tno "new industries" established amongst u*. Steps are being taken, for the establishment of a woollen cloth" manu- factory, respecting which the following par- ticulars may be interesting. The projector is a gentleman who lins had mauy years' ex- perience in connexion with such manufac- tories, and he proposes that a joinfrstock company, on the limited liability principle, shall be formed, and called the "Victoria Woollen Company." Tbo capital is to bo £80,C00, to be raised by 3.0C0 shares of £10 each, but it is estimated that not more than two-thuds of tho capital will have to be called up during the fuit eighteen months. The company is to build premises, purchase machinery, and commence the manufac- ture of cloth, blanket.", rugs, and other woollen goods. The promoter is sanguine that the scheme would be icmunerative, and that tho company would be able to sell their goods at prices which would (.noble thom to compete successfully with imported woollens. He says that the only serious obstacle in the way of tho establishment of such a manufac- tory arises from the dearncss and scarcity of conl, but be thinks this may he overcome, in a great mensure, by the employment of water power. He estimates the cost of plant, machi- nery, and buildings, at about the same as it would be in England ; and, -allowing that the wages of tho workpeoplo will be twenty five per cent, in excess of those paid in the mother country, he calculates that this increase will be more than counterbalanced hy the lower rato at which wool may be obtained here. The general result of his calculations is, that the company would be ablo tosellVoollen goods fullv as cheap as those imported from Eng- land nie now sold, and that the share- holder, would realize a dividend of at least fifteen per cent, from tho time that the works were in full operation, which he thinks need not bo longer than n year after the forma- tion of the company. Tho projector of the company alio considere that the time is very opportune for commencing such a manu- factory, as there aro a large number of par- sons in the colony who have worked in woollen mills in England who aro now fol- lowing other occupation?, wlitch they would he glad to exchange for their original trndes. It is expected that a public meeting will be held on the subject nt an early date, when the project will very likely be adopted. There is also on foot a scheme for the establishment of a pottery, the capital for the-commence- ment of which is set down at £75,000. Theic is no reason why that project should not aho be successfully carried out. The commissioners appointed to inquire into tho management of municipal and charitable institutions have brought up their report. It is a bulky but highly interesting document. It proposes that the endowments now given by the state to municipalities should be determined on a pioposed scale of annually decreasing amount, and that tlio revenue arising locally from licences and si- milar taxes, should he handed over to those local bodies to meet local requirements. The commissioners also proposo to hand over tho reservoirs, lately constructed at the expenbC of thq state on many of the gold-field*, to the municipalities, with extended powers of boi rowing money for tho completion of the wot les. The suggestions mode by the com- missioners have been adopted by the Govern- ment, and are to be immediately submitted to Parliament. Tho commissioners to tho gold field-3 have not yet brought up their report. It fs stated, however, that it will be ready in a few days. The committee of management of tlie Irish Belief Fund have wisely resolved to employ the money in their hands in perma- nently relieving distress, by assisting the emigration of poor persons from Ireland to this colony. The Great B.itnin, which reached her an- chorage in the bay on the forenoon of Friday, the 3rd instant, after a passage of staty-four days, is again rapidly filling for the homeward voyage. Her passenger list will, as usual, bo a large one. The Governor's secrctaiy, Cap- tain Timins, goes home by her. She will sail nbout the first of tho month. Mr. J. V. A. Bruce, of railway celebrity hero died-on the morning of Sunday, the 6th, and his remains wero conveyed to their rosting place in the cemetery on Wednesday, tho 8th. There was a large .concoutso of people at tho funeral. Mr. Bruce had only re- sumed tbo active management of his railway works a few days previous to his death. It may bo remembered that Mr. Cornish, Mr. Bruco'ri partner, died soon after tho contracts were entered into ; and now that Mr. Bruco ¡B also gone, tlio widows and families of both gentlemen are represented by agents in the management of tho woiks. Dr. F. Mueller, the vice-president of the Acclimatisation Society here, and super- intendent of Our Botanic-gardens, has been created n Knight ofthb Legion of nonourof France. The Imperial decree conferring the honour is dated the Cth January. 1863; and the star and diploma of the order wero presented to Dr. Mueller by Mr. A. Tray, tho vice consul of Franco in Melbourno. The lato member for Evelyn, Mr. Gatty Jones, having taken his departure for Eng gland in the Moi avian, n vacancy has been occasioned in the representation of that place. The Speaker of the Assembly has issued his writ for the election, and there are already three candidates in tho field, namely, Captain Dane, Mr. Turnbull, and Mr. M. L. King, formeily one of the members for South Bourke. There will most likely be a pretty keen contest for tho honour of representing the constituency. The great feature of the sporting world for tho month is a grand challenge to England, which has apparently been resolved upon, and the terms of it are theBc. Tho sportsmen of the colonies are to challenge those of the old country to a match, to bo ran in Victoria, for £10,000, betwoen Eng libh racehorses, the best they choose to send, and tho racehorses of Australia. England is to find half of the stake, nnd Australia the other half. The project has been taken up pretty warmly heie, and a considerable por- tion of tho amount has been already sub- scribed. Mr, Walter Craig, of Ballarat, who goes home by the Great Britain inscaroh of health, is to bo commissioned to issue the challeiige,.nnd deposit a certain proportion of the Btakes, to Bhow that tho colonleB aro in earnest. It remains, of course, to bo seen whether the gentlemen of the f porting world of England, ot any of them, will consider such a match worth the risk of subjecting valuable racehorses to so long a sea voyage as that from Great Britain to victoria. It the challenge Bliotild be accepted, it would create great interett, both in the colonies and at home. The weather during the past month has been unusually fine for the season, and we have had days as warm and bright even as in the height of summer. Heavy rain set in on Friday evening. Silver is likelv, ere long, to form one of the staple exports of this colony. An association has just been formed to work the St. Arnaud mines. Experiments ore being conducted as to tho best methods of reducing the ore (which exists in the quartz in the form of a chloro bromide, associated with gold). The funds for these trials are found by private parties, who havo taken up considerable portions on lease of the district in which the argentiferous reefs occur, with a view to the development of tho mines on a somewhat large scale. A lease for silver mining in tho district of Crow- lands has also been applied for; and it is be- lieved thit silver-bearing quartz extends more widely over the colony than has hitherto been supposed. Silver has also been obtained from the gold-bearing antimony lodes of M'lvor. Tho Madras, with the Pebruaty mails from England, reached the bay on the forenoon of Tuesday, tho 14th, rather moro than a day behind time. The Behar, with the outgoing mails, sails to-morrow, at two o'clock. THE GOVERNOR AND PARLIAMENT. In consequence of tho Governor having lately, on one or two occasions, departed from the usual practice of transmitting messages to the Legislative Assembly through his respon- sible 'advisers and sent them by his private secretary, a select committee of tho Assembly was appointed on the 4th of February, " to consider and report whether it is in accordance with the law, usage, and standing orders of ...,*» ."" ...... ,io..0>-, uuu oiniiuiujj uruurs 01 this nouso that messages from His Excellency the Governor, in reply to addresses or other- wise, should be communicated to this House through any person not being a member of the Legislature or of the Executive Coun- cil." The committee, feeling that the subject was one of tho greatest im- portance, involving questions affecting the prerogatives of the Crown on tho ono hand and the privileges of the House on the other, have given it a very full investigation, and have presented an elaborate and lengthy report, which would occupy upwards of three columns of The Argus. The committee have found that tho written law, as contained in the Constitution Act and the standing orders of the House, is not very explicit or definite on. the question of the transmission of mes- sages ; and where tho written law is silent, or the internretotion of it is doubtful, they_ have been uuided by tho usages and practices of the Commons House of Parliament, as directed bv the standing orders of tho colonial Legislature. The report shows that certain sections of the Constitution Act authorise the Governor to transmit messages to the Legislative Council or Assembly, but nothing is said as to the mode in which they nre to be transmitted ; and the only reference to tho modo of transmission made in the standing otders is of a somewhat vague cha- racter. Standing orders 187 nnd 18S direct that the bearer of a inessogo shall bo " intro- duced to deliver the messogo to Mr. Speaker, who shall immediately read it to the As- sembly." Standing order No. 189 declares that " a message from the Governor may be commu- nicated tothc House by aMinisterof the Ci own, being a member." These aro the only standing orelers which contain nny allusion to the trans- mission of messages. The committee rcmaik, that it was suggested thatthu 187 til order might have been framed to ptovido for the trans- mission of verbal messages analogous to the verbal commnnicatir.ns raado to the House of Commons by the Usher of the Black Hod, and that not being limited to such messages, the " bearer of the message " must be held to include any person whom the Governor may select in any case whatever. The committco aie of opinion, however, that as rule 188 requites that tho Speaker shall read the message re- ferred to in the rule immediately preceding, therefore tho practice of receiving messages through tho Usher of the Black Rod (which is always a verbal one) is not provided for by this, nor indeed by any other, standing order, but. lias been adopted in accordance with the prac- tice of the House of Commons. After consider- ing various suggested interpretations of tho preciso meaning of these standing orders, tho conclusion at which tho committee arrive i s, that the effect of tho 189th order is, that, notwithstanding tho 187th requires that all written messages shall be delivered to tbo Speaker as thereby directed, it shall nevertheless be permittee! to the Governor to communicate a vetbal message to the As- sembly through a Minister of the Crown, a practice conformable to the standing oiders of tho House of Commons. Upon referenco to the standing orders of tho House of Commons tho committee find that, by standing order No. 290, written messages aro delivered to the Speaker " by a Miuister of the Crown or an officer of the household, ho being a member:" from which tho committco conclude that all written messages from the Governor to either Hottso of Parliament must be communi- cated by some officer corresponding to one or other of the officers above-men- tioned. As the Governor's private secretary is neither a Minister of the Crown or a member of the House, the committee consider that the proceedings of His Excellency wero irregular, and they concludo their report with the following recommendations:-" That re- solutions be forthwith passed, declaring that the reception of the messages thus irregularly transmitted, and referred to your committee, shall not bo taken to be a preceden t ; and that the attention of the Governor bo respectfully requested to the standing orders both of this House and of the Houso of Commons, s > fin- as they relate to the modes of communication between the Governor and Parliament. Your committee would further respectfully suggest, with a view to the maintonanco of the prac- tice and privileges of your honourable House, that tho standing ordcis should be submitted to a careful revision, for the purpose of re- moving any doubts for which loose writing or want of arraugemont moy have left room." Tbo report was laid on the table of tho House at the end of March, but it has not yet been taken into consideration. THE GOLDFIELDS. There is still a very general complaint of dulncss on the gold-fields, and the nbsenco of so many of our minors in New Zealand is telling plainly on the yield, both from the reefs and the alluvial diggings. We have, however, to announce I he discovery within the last few weeks of a new lead of somo im- portance, near the old Gibraltar diggings, and half way between Maryborough and Talbot. The sinking is rather deep, yet there is little prospect of this load turning out as rich ns our deep leads used to be. A vast amount qf wealth remains still to bo disclosed in the little explored parts of. the country, but we must begin to give up all hope of any startling discoveries in the neighbourhood of the older workings, and trust more and more to the modeiato and steady icturns resulting from a regular system of mining. This, how- ever, /docs not suit eithet tho disposition or the resources of the great majority of thoso rcptesuntiug tho diggcis as a class, so that, notwithstanding the late reductions, there are still far too many waiting for something to turn up,and ready to join inany rush that may be announced. Thus the numbers already at tho Majorca rush aro gi eater than the lead is likely to support, although thosuccets of the claimholders on it was for a time very doubt- ful, and even now the jield does not promiso to he large. A new lead in deep ground has nlsO been opened near Chiltern, but it is not turning out to bo so good ns somo of those provioutly worked in the Ovens district, and for deep leads they weie only moderately te munorative. Then there has been a new shallow lead found near Fryer's Creek, but this, too, is comparatively poor, and only serves by coutinst to call to mind the diggings of other days, such at least BB they wero iu the Castlemaine district. The Uondigo people, not believing that nil pints of their district have been sufficiently tried yet, have just organised a now ptospectiiig association, and if this is well supported, no doubt mnnv more reefs will bo opened up, if not fresh alluvial deposits as well, for a wide extent of tito country within their limits has been little exnWcd or cuiclessly examined, central though it be. The abundance of water left by the heavy rains which fell a month or two since has caused the yield~of gold to ha tolerably tit 11 maintained; but as with the alluvial de- posit?, bo willi the reef*, the very large returns aie becoming fewer mulfew^r, and a satisfac- tory total of amalgamated gohi is only kept up by constant additions to the crushing power and a steady increase in the amount of work » got through. Moro antimony reefs have been opened in the MT vor district, and the yield of gold as well, from some of the», is parti- cularly good. Thus we have announcements of ten and twelve onnces to the ton from small parcels of btone lately crushed, and from larger lots very fair yields, such as 140oz. from seventy-five tons, and 303oz. Sdwt. from 162 tons. As high returns havo also been ob- tained from some of the other reefs in this district, worked for gold alone, and these aro now attracting moro notice, and aro occupied to a greater extent than for some years past. From the Inglewood reefs we hove had no accounts lately of any very large returns, such at least as we used to havo every month to chronicle. The highest average from large quantities of stone was only two ounces to tho ton, but this has been exceeded at Tarnagulla, some of the old reefs there yielding well Again, and this, in many in- stances, from claims which wero abandoned as worthless, and not a few of these more than, once. On tho Old Poverty Rtef at this place, once so famous for the production of monster cakes of gold, a new and rich lode has been struck, ut a depth of 41C feet, and "tho stone from it has yielded three ounces to the ton. This average was also obtained from tho prospectors'claim on a new reef opened there, and n lot of eighty tons from one of tho older reefs nt tho samo place produced 314oz. The best jiolds reported from the Bendigo district were eighty-six onnces from thirteen tons out of one reef, and 174oz. 6dwt from twenty-three tons out of another, but no doubt there wero others of which the particulars have not been published. In the Castlemaine district, the Argus Hill and the Vineyard Reefs are about equal in re- ! gard to the best yields from each, these ave- raging threo ouuecs to the ton ; but there hag been a serious falling off in the Campbell's Creek division, the Nuggety and Bolivia Reefs in which used to be so often mentioned. As an instanceofasteadyundeviatingrcturn.wemay point still to tho Clunes Company's .mine, tho Port Thilip Company hnviug crushed for them during the last month 3,099 tons, with a yield of l,993oz. 18d«t., or nearly 12dwt. 13gr. to tho ton. Tho yield from the mine has been sustained for years, and pro- mises to continue, with little variation, for many years to come. The silver mines are still an object of much attention ; but many of the cluimholdcrs and capitalists toady to in- vest are waiting for the result of experiments calculated to reduce the cost of exti acting this metal from the ore, this branch of mining being, in point of fact, little understood hero as yet ; and, to moke it pay, there must be a wide departure from the ordinary mode of mining for gold. At St. Arnaud, where are most pf the veins of silver oro known as yet, bismuth is reported to havo been lately found in quantity. Of the Ballarat companies on the deep leads, the Great Extended is the only one which has buen paying vory large dividends dining the last four neelo. Tho first fortnight they washed out l,700oz. of gold, and declared a dividend of £80 per share ; and the second fortnight neatly 2,00l)oz., with a dividend, of £100 a tJiare, after a liberul re- duction for worltiug expcnFcs. The Bhnres of some of the other companies have increased considerably in value, owing to the discovery of fresh gutters and reeff, but none have been nubing gold enough to allow of dividends amounting to more than half those of the company named. The largebt nuggets found during the month were two ofG2oz. 6dwt. and. 61oz. respectively, taken from old ground near "Dunolly, and ono of 79oz. 3dwt, obtained fiom a gully near Rokewood. AGKICULTUltE. If our summer was cut short by the un- timely though beneficial occurrence of heavy rains somo months before they usually fall, this has been compensated for by the con- tinuance of unseasonably lino weather since, so that the autumn has been moie like a second summer, orrnthcragoninlspring. The country is everywhere covered with abun- dant herbage, and many of the fruit-trees aro bearing a second crop. Even tho strawberry , i plants aro in many places laden with berries again ; and vegetables aro so plentiful that heaps of cabbages, parsoips", canots, turnips, and such like things, are given away on each market day, only the very best of each kind being saleable, and this at the lowest prices in fact, so low arc these that tho gardeners near town arc absolute losers by the profu- sion with which they are burdened. Never before did I hey experience any bimilar ap- proach to the bummer ruins of a tiopical cli- mate, and so were not piepared for tho rapidity of growth which has caused their pro- duce to become almost worthless. The for- méis have of course taken advantage of tho unusual facilities for getting on with their autumn work,and a wide ixtentof land haB been ploughed mid sown, willi the soil in first rutoordcr. They luiveof late been nibbing for a little rain, and tho weather is now broken again, so tho young crops will have overy chance, and unie _ the winter sets in severely, which is not probable, tho great bulk of the | grain will bo sown and up a couple of months iliefore this part of the year's business is gene- rally over. Early sowing gives in most seasons I a certntuty of good returns, and tbis year the farmer has such a command of timo in this rtspect ns ho never lind tince the soil in tbis part of Auslr.ilia has been subjected to the ac- tion of the plough. Those farmers who are now keeping sheep or other stock havo also nu un- usual abundance of food foi them, and u heat is rising: sothaton the whole prospects nrefole íably bright again, and oui agriculturists are just nowidmobt without a reasonable causo for complaint. It was feared that the yield of tobacco would be compaiativcly trifling, hut 'this plant survived tho drought of emly Bummer to a much greater extent than was supposed, and the second crop has been very hage, so that the quantity of leaf now offeied for sale ¡sconsideiuble. Tiiomanufncttirctsex press themstlves highly pleased with the natu- ral qualities of tin's ; but litlio has yet been pro- perly cuted, and as they have mostly a good supply of American leal on hand, the growers uro disappointed in not finding such a ready sale as they expected. That which is in fair marketable condition is, however, readily pur- chased, and at a price which makes it about the most remuneiativo crop than can ho grown. Tho vintage has been over some time, and the statistical returns for the year will 'show n great increase in the quantity of wino made. Since tho date of our last Bummary, tho Port Philip Society's annual grain sLow has h»en held at Melbourne, nnd the qua- lity of the grain exhibited was particularly good, as indeed is generally the grain of last year's growtln Tho wheat was fully as food as that sent to Kngland for the Gi cat ¡xhibition; and a very beautiful sample is about to be now sent to Mebsw. Runsome and Sim?, in return for an improved dynamometer, such as we had not in tim colony before, and «uuy uviurc, nnu lately scut out by that firm as a present to tho society. This is probably the bebt snniplo of wheat ever sent from here, and will tloubt less be brought under the notico of many in tho old country capable of apprccioting its superiority. Amongst the miscellaneous arti- cles at this show was Bomo, really good colonial rilo, mado at Sandblast; as well as spirits, flavoured 60 as to resemble brandy; whiskey," old tom, ,*&<?., the pro- duce, of one of tho very few distilleries yet put in operation here under the new act. A commencement has, however, been made, and the high price of malt and malting barley is the principal reason why this branch of busi- ness has not boen more cxtonsively entered on. The quantity of barley grown lost year was somewhat gi cater than before, still H is far from iqual to the demand. The brewers havo been offering special prizes o^ wobt of the shows hold in the interior, anil this, coupled with the corn paro ti vely low price or wheat, will tend to render us more anil more independent each year of an'imported supply of malt, especially as English barley, though liablo to be destroyed by tho grub on long-tilled farms, is comparatively a safe crop The Board of Agriculture is in a eli'fli culty ngoiu with the Experimental Farm, which has been so much trouble to' them and so littlo uso to tho country. 'Their last experiment with a'manager, who was to have been at the snmo time a tenant also, has beim a mott cxponsive 'failure, as well as the means o(, bringing ' tho whola establishment into contempt nnd dis- grace ; yet at the last mcctinp, a ma- jority of the members present voted ngninft giving it up; nnd it i-i now, again a question what they* are to do with,it,-'so as to nive expense nt least, if the concen- trated wisdom of the agricultural intertst can do nothing better with a farm of 180 acre^ on which (hey have already exponded £18 510. and which was granted to thom in the first instance, and is within tho town boundaries of Melbourne. Tho Plcuro- pnoumoni.i Com- mission has been examining witnesses; alni otberwlsif' collecting information, vyhich it will-probably be n difficult matter to cotí denso' within tho limits of an ordinary a eport, or to airlvo at definite conclusions upon. In tho meantime tho disease is spreading far and Vide^though cheokod here and there hy th3 inoculation -of tboso herds 'In which ,it ap- pears. ' ' THE VINEYARDS AROUND MEL \ BOURNE. It .will, no doubt, surprise many of our leaders to hear that, within a radius of si or seven miles from the Town-hall, Mel- bourne, there are a score' and more of vine- yards, varying in size from one to twenty acrts. We talk of the wines of South Aus tralip,' and New South Wale?, and wo wonder howlong it will be bofore Victoria can supply the market with grapo-juice as fine as that vended hy her eldor sisters. Hopeful speeches are mado RS to tho Geelong wines ; great, things are expected from the Bpiritei speculations (the Tabilk and-the Valley Oom pa'iifB) on the Goulburn; and approvin_ mention is made of the produce of tho Ye- ring vineyard. But all this time metropolitan people are forgetting what is being dono surely, though perhaps slowly-at their owa doors; that on the heights above Hawthorn ou the slopes of South Yarra-among tho un- dulations of Boroondara-at Heidelberg, at Flemington, and at Brighton, rows upon. rows of vines now rear their heads, yitldiu_ each year an abundance of the fruit that gives a boverage gladdening to the heart of man, Some of the vineyards have boon established several years-one at Fle- mington was planted by the Hon. J. P. Fawkner as far back as 1840. Tho greater number, however, havo been formed but recently; some ot them, indeed, are not ia bearing. Still, the Bttccess which has already attended vine-cultuio in the metrópoli ta a district warrants the eupposition that every year will make a large addition to our list of vignerons. There is plenty of laud suitable fiir ihe purpose to bo obtained on reasonable tetms, and there is no doubt that a vineyard is a capital investment. Of course it is all outlay for the first three years, but then the -returns drop in, and, if only pro- per supervision he exorcised, a vineyard of eight or ten aeres must produce a ujifc little income. There is no reason why otic vines should not be of the finest. Soil au 1 climate are admirably adapted for the grape ; the plant requires the most ordinary atcea tion ; ana the manufacture of the wino de- mands chiefly simple cleanliness and careful manipulation. AB to the matter of supply and demand, there is no doubt that with every succeeding year the call for colonial wine willi increase. Indeed, if the articla could be retailed at the inte of Gil. per tumbler, colonial wine would become at onco the favourite drink in the hot month?. We . fiequently hear it said that it is necessary to educate the popular palate. But substitute for the petit verre a glass which will;furnish a draught of light wkolcsom.3 -?»ino, and the consumption of beer and spirits will toon be diminished. Tho largest of our metropolitan vineyards is that ot M. de Dollon, situate at the ex- tremity of the Gardiner's Creek-road. Its extent is about twonty-six acres, and iu consequence of tho undulations of the groun i overy variety of aspect is secured, Along the west and lowest part of the property a channel nearly twenty foot wido has been cut, to take off the superabundant water which comjs down from the heights by Tooranga in time of | floods, and BIBO to receive the valuable alluvial deposit which frequently accompanies it, and is serviceable as a manure. There is a contle ascent from this channel to M, do Dollon's house, and the incline is covered with two- year-old vines of the valued re i hermitage kind. Tho vineyard is marked by a succession of undulations, which, of course, furnish good natural drainage. The Boil tis clay and gravel. The vineyard is of recent formation. Three years ago thera was' not a vino on tho place. Now there are 'something like 70,000, each supportjd by a trimly-cut stake : tho wood require! for the purpose must havo cost sevoral ¡mudre 1 pounds. The result of M. de Dollon's fir-it; vinfago is about 4,000gal. A large portion of this, consists of a Fight burgundy, which is mode from espart, feuille riche, aai Frontignac grapes. It promises to bo a nicij'fruity wlno, with a light rose tint; and I . we aro informed that when fit for consumption it may bo sold at Od. per glass with profit to I the producer, the merchant, and the retailer. M. de Dollon hasmado some four or five hogs- heads of red hermitage, which bids fair to bj como in due time a noble wine. He has like- wise'manufactured some red muscat, light muscat, and Gros Vert. The latter is a purely experimental wine. It is obtainel from a large green grape, which is a very late riponer. From the refuse grapes, stalks, &c;, is produced a beverage called Piquettj, which is most acceptable to workpeople, and,' indeed, to any other thirsty souls, ia summer. M. do Dollon has built a handsome collat, 86ft. long by 14ft. wide, which can ba enlarged without difficulty. That an enlarge- ment will bo necessary next season thora cannot bo much doubt, seeing that tho collar is already full, and that probably tho result of (ho second vintago will bo something Uko lO.OOOgal. Abovo the cellar is a pressing and fei men ting room, whence the must is ooa veyodby pipos to tho casks, so that exposure to the air and slopping are avoided. Tho lato vintago shows, so far as M. de Dollon's vine- yard is concornod, that the grapcR havo bean moro productivo than usual. Under ordi- nary circumstances, 101b. of grapes form a fair representation of a gallon of wino, but thW yjiuf the samo quantity has been obtain 31 willi only 131b. The next vlnoyard we have to notice is th.it of Mr. T. J. Everlst, of Spring- hill, Hawthorn. The extent is seven acres and a half, of which two acres aro in full bearing. The soil con- sists of sand and gravel for a depth of about threo feet, and tho subsoil is reddish clay. Tho(land is thoroughly drained by pipes, anl trenched two feet deep. The aspect is south- west- the most unfavourable that can ha chosen for vino-growing. Novottheless, Mr. Evcrist has this yoar obtained from his twi acies as much as 800gal. of wine, iu addi- tion toalarge quantity of grap.i_ for th« market. . Tlie'varleties of wino made are red hermitage carignan, mataro, and white reisling. Mr. Evorist calculates that his vineyard, when in fulK bearing, will produce at the late of CSOgol. per acre ; and, accordingly, ho is en laiglng his wine-cellar to meet tho require- ments of futuro years. We observe that all the' varieties of Rousillon thrive well at Spring-hill, notwithstanding tho declaration of Dr. Kelly, that these grapes " ripen im norfectly in all excopt the warmest sltuatiois in New South Wolos." Mr. Evcrist toole several prizes for wlno at the Victorian Indus- trial Exhibition of 1801. About a milo from Spring-hill is the Balwyn Vineyard, belonging to Str. Andrew Mur- ray.; Hero there is a light surface soil of about eight inches. Immediately below i j 4 layer of sand and gravel, with an average depth of about eighteen inches, an i then there are sub-strata of red clay and Ëlpticlay. From the latter aro mado ¡gyptian bricks, which aro used in tho build- ings on the property. The layer of gravsl I affords completo drainage, and thorefore is notrdisturbed, even for trenching. Mr. Mur- ray; contents himself with ploughing. Tho extent of land nt present under cultivation is nbotit six acres, of which two acres aro airea ly in bearing, but Mr. Murray contemplates en- larging his vineyard to twenty acres. Ho planted about 10,000 cuttings in July last. Tho aspect is for tho most part northerly, but the ' greater portion of the vineyard now bearing is on a dead level. Mr. Murry w*3 greatly troubled with grasshopper In the curly part of the season. The quantity of wlno made was about seventy gallons, chiefly Rousillon, mixed with Burgundy, and Bor- deaux-tho compound being one which, is strongly recommended by high authorities tn such matters. Tho next vlgnoron to whoso laboirs wo shall call attention ÍB Mr. H. S. Walsh, of Long- field. Mr. Walsh's placo is within sight of the railway station at Hawthorn. It can boast of threo and a-half acres of full-bearing vines, and about an acre and a-half of "twoyoir olds," The soil is a fino penetrable clay, in which the vines appear to rejoice boyoul measure, and tho drainngo is most effectual. Aspect, north north-west. Although ho sont n large quantity of grapes to market, Mr. ' Walsh haa modo this season ab^ut 700gal. of wine, Tho varieties aro whit3 Longfield, red Longfield, vordeilho, and red hermitage Tho rofus!? crushings (about threo tons) produce something Uko twenty gallons of brandy, the manufacturo of which takes place on the premises. Mr, Walsh calculates upon making, every soason, 200xa'. of wine per aero ; but, although his vine- yard' is eleven years old, he did not ven- ture to sell till last year, and then only in con soquonco of tho stock which had accumulated. The'white Longfield has becomo quito cele- brated. It obtained for the maker tho first prlzo offered for wino by tho Port Phillp Farmers' Society ; and also a medal for gene- ral excellence at tho International Exhibition at London last year, The colour Is a brilliant slraw; the bouquet charming; the specific gravity 114. now the wine is made, and from. what admixture of grapes, is a secret which Mr. Walsh keeps to himself. Coming nearer to town wo meet with the vineyard of Mr. James Wiscwould, at South, Yarra. This comprises about linee and a half acres, and slopes abruptly down to tb.9 river besido the railway, and opposite Cro- móme. The soil is a niixtuie of rock and clay (rocky schistose formation). Aspect, north-east. This is nn early vineyard. It suffered very much from the drought in Sap tomber and October lost, and in order to avoid the lairis of midsummer, wine- mnkiug took S lace in February. The consequence wa* bat the vintage was only lOOOgols. - a smaller quantity than usual. Mr. Wisewould ? has grown a great variety of gropes, but this variety has. to some extent hain pert d ht3 operations. ' His choice wines are reisling, mataro. and hermitage. The quantity of grapes to the gallon was 201b. In the same neighbourhood, and forinittg a prominent feature of 'the Punt- road-hill, Í3 the vineyard of Mr. D. Ogilvy, six acres ia extent. This vineyard has been about taa years under cultivation. The produco last season, about twelve,tons, was all sold. The varieties are hermitage, verdeilho, muscatel, pincau, and gouais. Mr. Ogilvy has, ia formor year?, made some excellent ted and .white hermitage. In another direction from Melbourne va find thoPii3coevale Vinoyard,-which is situât* about three miles beyond Flemington, and is now in the occupation of Mr. Charles Younj. This vineyard is tho oldest in the colonv,, It was formed in 1840 by the Hon. J. P. Fawk- ner, who first planted 100 vines, and thoa obtainid 800 varieties from Sydney. In 1813 Mr. Fawkner made 2,000gal. of wine. The extent of the vineyard is about ten acres. The soil is light, overlying paitly clay aud partly limestone. Two years before some of the vines were planted tho ground produced wheat at tho rate of forty-uiue and a half bushels per awe. Among the grapes growa arc tho black Hamburgh, pineau, muscatel, and ulliade. The wholo of the last eeosoa's produce was sold to a wine meichant la town. The vineyard of Mr. T. H. Bear, of Rock- beare, occupying as it does the commandlu; slopes on cither side of the Darebin Creek, is sure to attract the observation of every tra- veller between Melbourne and Heidelberg. Tbo total extent under vines is sixteen acre3 -six wholly and ten partly. The soil varies. In one part we find shale and sandstone; while in another the formation is basaltic. The latter is covered by a light black soil which suits the vine admirably; the only drawback is that, on account of the forma tion, tho ground must bo worked by hand. About 20,000 vines are planted, but nono ore more than three years old, and they were very much cut up by the frost in the early part of the spring. However, with the exception of two and o half acres, they are all expected to bo in bearing next year. The chief sorts ore scyrns (black hermitage) ond verdeilho. Within an easy distance of Rockbeare, is a small vineyard cultivated by Mr. Charles Maplestone, of Ivanhoe. The extent is about two and a half acres. The soil is a siliceouä leam-certainly not the best for the purpose. It was trenched and ploughed in June 1851, fiora sixteen to eighteen inches deep. This operation cost £6 0s. per acre. The cuttings wiro placed in the nursery in September lc'GO, they were planted out in September 1801, and in two yean and a half from tho time that tho cuttings wero on the parent stom, Mr. Maplestone was gathering ripe grapes. He ' attributes this speedy maturation to the I fact that he laid in a deep drain, along the line of the vines, a largo dressing of bones. The aspect is tho worst-south-west ; but, I owing to the sheltered situation of the ground, the vines escaped the frost, from which Mr. Bear suffered. Mr. Maplestone would not allow any vine to bear moro than ti?» bunches, From 150 vines he cut away two cwt. of second crop, which were ef largo slza before the first crop had ripened. Mr. Maple- stone made about seventy gallons of wins - principally red hermitage and reisling. Brighton is another suburban district which can boost qf its vineyard?, the chief of which belongs to Mr. James Gordon, and is situate about o mile north of the Beach Station. The extent is about twelve and a half acres. It originally formed part of the Vineyard Company's estate. The soil of two- thirds of the area is'rich alluvial for a depth of eigh- teen inches, covering a stratum of gravel of equal depth, beneath which is a bed of stiff clay. This is well suited for the hermitage and tho tokay. The other portion is quite ftuidy, ond thero the Frontignac and MaUro gi apes flourish. Tho vineyard slopes from the Bay toward« the north-east, and is therefore protected from tho sea breezes. Mr; Gordon, in addition to selling a largo quantity of his grapas, modo this season about l,500gal. of wine. Half of this was whito tokay. The rest c on sii-tcd of hermitage, mixed mntaro and her- mitage, and mixed reisling and frontignac. Mr. Gordon has been in the occupation of tho land for about BÍX yeors, but when be took possession ho found the vineyard very much neglected. He proposes to enlarge tho vine- yard during the coming season, hy nbout six acres. Among the other vineyards at Brighton are thoso of Mr. H. O'Neill, Mr. Archibald M'Mil- lan, and Mr. O. 0, Beneraft. The first named, known as " Clonig," between two and threo acres In extent, has been planted about twelvo years. The second, situato.at the junction of the Point Nepean and North roads, is abiufc six acres, and contains between thirty and forty varieties. Most of the grapes want to market, but .'Mr. O'Neill made about 200^al. cf Elsternwick, Constantia, and Muscat wines. The last of the threo forms a portion, of tho Moorabin garden. The produce of this vineyard was very trifling, owing to the vino3 not being pruned at the proper season, through the place changing hands. Among the vineyards which have boen re- cently commenced and have not yet borne fruit, may be mentioned that of Mr. Lannat, at Matoonga, Boroondara. This gentlouitu has about four acres under vines, three acn-a with two-year- old, and the rest with one-year old plants. The principal varieties aro her- mitage and Pedro Ximenes. Mr. Laiiont appears to be directing his attention ty Spanish wines. Ho contemplates clearing a fourtoen-acro paddock In the vicinity, with tho view to convert it into a vineyard. A vineyard has also been commence! at Gardiner, by Mr. Wm. Fawcett. The laud consists of fifty acres, ten of which wi»ra planted with choice cuttiDgs last year. Mr. Fawcott proposes to Plant out 30,000 more cuttings this season The vines are arrange! six feet by four feet, are not staked, hut ara allowed to grow gooseberry-hush fashion. The efforts of Mr. Carson, of Kow, Mr. Cartior, of Boroondara, and other gontlemn of tho neighbourhood, in connexion with wine-growing, likewiso deserve notice. W_ may add that sevetnl of the marketgardoners around Melbourne havo made some capital red wine this season. I In closing the present notice wo .submit that the facts we havo narrated show that in this colony the vino will flourish on almost ovary kind of soil, and undor every variety of as- pect; aud we ventura to express tho hope tint our local vignerons will persevere in tiri! ea terpriso which thoy have commenced-\'i enterprise which will, no doubt, prove au in- exhaustible mine to thoso who engago in it, and which at the same time is calculated ta promoto the health and, improve the morals of the community. THE THEATRES. Mr. Barry Sullivan's management at tua Theatre 'Royal continues to bo successful. During the last month the lessee has repro- duced "Borneo and Juliet," "A Curo for tho Heartache," and " The Jealous Wife," himself playing Moroutio (on two nights Romeo), Young Rapid, and Mr. Oakly, in tho respective pieces. On Thursday evening, a Mr. Hudson, son of tho woll known Irish comedian of that narnu, made a first appearance in " Rory O'Moro," aid was very favourably received. Wo are shortly expecting a fair débutante in comedy, lillie term may be applied to Miss Quinn, who as a child-actress some few years back gaiao 1 goldon opinions here. In accordance with a promise) made by her father to many'of her patrons, the monoy sho had accumulated was mainly devoted to her education. She the i left the stage altogether, hut her success as au actress when a girl gave a strong bias to her inclinations, and tho result is that a weak hence sho will reappear on the stage of tha Theatre Royal. Tho character sho is to ai sume is that of Constance, in tho "Love Chase," and on that uight the public will seo how for the promibO of the child has been ful- filled in tho woman. At tho Haymarket Theatre, Mr. Jefforjoa. in several stock pieces, and the revived bur lesquo of " The Kinrç of the Peacocks," havo formed the staple ot attraction. Tho Princess's Theatre, as an equestrian circus, has been, in a money point of view, unsuccessful ; and it is almost apparent that tho public taste of the city of Melbourne re- quires a higher doss of entertainment tina lias boon usually provided at circus establish- ments here. ».. SPORTING, &c.; Several mluor provincial turf gatherings ara the only events recorded during the p-t month. Kyneton, Smeaton, Kilmore, Port- land, Jamieson, Tullaroop, Avoca, Casterton, Creswick, and Malmesbury have all hold their annual meetings, but without introducing ona fitsh animal likely to he of future service to the turf; so that last month's summary of events post is almost a blank." A proposition to challenge the sportsmen of England ti a match for £5,000, £10,000, or as soma enthusinstio turfites ' put it for £20,00) aside is likely to bo backed here, and s mt home hy Mr. Waltor Craig, of B dlarit, ?who leaves here by the Great Britain. The Yeoman of April l8, sajs:-"Thoio would be no difficulty, when once the terms aro agreed upon, xn gathering double tho pro- posed stakes, £5,000, for tho sake of insuring the acceptance of the challenge. The propo- sition has not yet, we believe, taken a definite shape, hut we understand it to be something after this fashion :-A match for 6,000 sovs. a side, weight for age, three miles on the Mel- bourne course.' The number of English horses to he named unlimited ; the colonios to be restricted to naming twenty. One to the post. Nominations to be made-lnontln before the race. The champion on each sido to be selected-days before the day of tbo race. Stewards, &c;, to be appointed by each party. So that we should have a grand challenga match between the best horse of Australia and the best horso the English turf would send u" We apprehend, also, that Australia would hi willing to make some concession to England as to the age of three-year- olds, or to run the race at a season when tho disadvantage of our computation from the 1st of August would b> . of little consequence. Wo entertain no doubt that Mr. Craig, who is now returning to Eng- land, will go home-accredited as the nearer of Australia's challenge ; and we can see no goad reason why some adventurous spirits in Eng- land should not take up the gauntlet, aul bring out some half dozen third-class stout, game hoises, who, although not formidable ou the fields of Ascot, Goodwood, or Newmarket, ia first-class company, would bo ' lions ' hero, and would make a certainty of getting tua lion's share of the plunder." The Richmond and South Yarra annual re- gatta, on tho Upper Yarra river, took place on Saturday, April li, and furnished a pleasant I afternoon's amusement to a large number of parsons. There were nino races-on the card. I and in moat instances the events were well c mtested. The game of cricket is still followed with spirit all over the country, and especially in the metropolis and subuibs, where every ground is in requisition, two or three tlme3 a week in some instances. Cricketers are, how- ever, most interested nt this moment in their own anticipations of the visit of the formid- able All England Elevon, who, it is under- stood, will shortly pay Melbourne a visit. The following letter, from Mr. George Parr, was received by out Mr. George Marshall by tho last mail :-" Ratcliff-on-Trent, Nott, February 21, 1803. Dear Sir,-Your letter of the 24th December last came duly to hand; and, in reply, I beg to say, on behalf of myself i and othor parties interested, that we accept the proposals made by you to play a series of matches in Australia during the ensuing sea- son, upon the terms named in your letters to mo, for which purpose we propose to loave England early in September next. The toam will comprise some of the finest cricketing talent in the world. Amongst them are Mr. Grace, T, Lockyer. R. Carpenter, T. Hay- ward, G. Anderson, J. Jackson, W. Caffyn, J. Cosar, G. Tarrant, and R. C. Tiuley. who, with myself and- another (to he selected from tho following-EL H. Stephenson, Griflitb.3, "Wisden, Grundy, Clarke, Wilsher, Mortlock, Robotham, and Atkinson), will form tin patty. I am desired by all to express their wish that you should mako arrangemeuts to próvido us free berths hy the Great Britain, and advise me thereof at once, that I may inform the other parties. We shall rely upon your judgement in arranging the programme of matches, and in doiug everything that may he necessary in carrying out the same. We are glad to hear that the Melbourne Club have granted you the use of their ground, and hopo you will ha equally succesbful la other localities. In the meantime, believe mo, dear sir, yours faithfully,-GEOBOB PAHR." Wo understand that passages havo baon eccuicd in the Great Britain steamer, oa her return voyage from England, for tho members of Parr's All-England Eleven, ia all twelvo persons. Any doubts, tlwre fore, as to Mr. G. MaiBhaU's intention of proceeding with the venture are now dii sipatcd ; and as he is secure of tho hearty co-operation of all Victorian cricketers, ha will doubtless carry the affair to a success- ful issue. The Great Britain, on her return to Liverpool, will be laid up, to have new boilers put in hor; but she is expected to sail again in September,-in plenty of time to land tho champion Eleven nore to give battle, on the Melbourne ground, on Now Year's Day. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. The returns of the immigration department for tho month of March have been published in the Bill of Entry for all ports of the colony f Victor ia. The arrivals numbered 2,559, and the departures 4,912, the balance being attains!; the population of the colony by 2,353. Of tho arrivals, 1,752 were adult males, 577 adult females, 131 malo and 99 female children Of tho departures, 3,903 were adult male?, 573 adult females, 235 malo and 190 fernab children. Of the arrivals, 2,540 landed at Melbourne, 2 at Geelong, and 17 at Port Albert. Of tho departures, 4,888 sailed from Molbourne, 22 from Geelong, and 2 from Warrnambool. The arrivals from South Australia were 113 in excess cf the departuro3 theüce, and from Tasmania 48Í in excess. The departmes for New South Waleso\ceedoi the arnvols thence by 60, and those for Now Zealand by 3,217. Of the 3,810 persons who sailed for New Zealand, 3,239 were adult males. Tho following digest of the returns givcB a clear view of the migratory move- ments during the month: - là li h s.<s I a Now South Wales South Australia .. Now Zealand 300 283 632 .023 405 170 61 SS10 113 4SI 03 3217 Totals neighbouring colo TJnlM Kingdom Foreign ports . 1837 Ml 81 4626 340 40 603 295 41 3233 Deduct Increase.. 2669 4012 2559 030 8233 030 Net decrease 2363 2363 The population of tho colony on the 31st, December numbered 555,100. COMMERCIAL. The mail steamship Madras arrived la Hobson. Bay on the 14th inst., some thirty six hours after the duo timo of the delivery of the malls at the Melbourne Post-office. The ' Madras was at once discharged, and despatched on tho route for Sydney, and but for a trifling: accident to her mnchinory, which detained her for ten hours, she would havo completed the run to Sydney within the contract tima .The Behar, with the homeward-bound malla, sails to morrow (Sunday), at two p.m. i The revenue statements for the first quartoc of the year have been officially published. Th J returns for twelvo months, ending on the 31 it March last, have been also stated, in compari- son with thoso of twolve months ending on, tho 81st March, 1862. The general revenue for the year amounted to £3,152,497 10s. lid, afeainst £2,752,814 10s. 4d. for the year endiu_ the 81st March, 1802, tho balance in favour of the twelve months just ended beinr .£399.088 Os. 7d. The total for the first quart« of the current year was £670,703 Os. 111. against £550,625 17s. 4d. for tho first quarter of its predecessor, the balanco being iu favo ir of 18(3 hy the sum of £21,077 3s. 7d. Tha revenues have boon more than malntiinei, both for the year and tho quarter, notwith- standing the drain on our population caused hy the opening up of the auriferous wealth of New Zealand. Tho comparison of the two quarters exhibits fewer fluctuations than might havo heon ex- pected. The Customs revenue was (ontittlnr fractions) £250,958 for the earlier periol. against £252,030 for tho later. There w_s an increase in the wlno duties of £2,718-in beer of £2,212 ; tobacco, £3,595 ; cigars. £1.071 ; opium, £1,297; tico, £2,952: dried fruit*, £2,769 ; hops, £788: malt, £827 ; sheepwash tobacco, £1,594 ; and registration fees, £1,80). Under the lost seven heads, it must be borne in mind that no impost was levied in the first qutrter of 18G2. Tho items of decreaso woro : -Spirits, £12,295; tea, £5,840; sugar, £1,405 ; ' and coffee, £910. The exc¡3e revenues wera £17,3C4, against £14,607, the balance being In favour of tho firbt quarter of the current year by £2,757. Tho items of increase were: Spirits distilled in Victoria, £515 ; spirit mer- chants' licences, £2,581 ; brewers' licono.'s, £68; all other licences, £126. Under tin head of public works, wo And an i t crease in the income derived from mil \\-t/t ot £58,668. and in that from the tl.o-..u telegraph depaitment of £7. The wn 'c r r it a account is o*nitted from tbequtrt i'-'tt.vonueJ in both periods. The poi ts mid '. i r D >ura Mi evenly balanced, as will be set» by ruferenoi to the table givon elsewhere. In the postal department, there was an incieaseof £1,672. The other items do not exhibit any fluotuv t ens calling for notice. ' Turning to the returns for the' years, wa , find that the Customs revenue for twelva months, onding 31st March, 1862, amounted t» £1,095,873 ; and for the corresponding twelva months just ended, to £1,075,149. Thoro was less íevenuc by £20.724 collected during tho later period than during the earlier. The item? of increase were-Wine, £3,090 ¡.sugar, £7,182; opium, £6,549; rice, £16,072; dried fruit-?, £13,904 ; hops, £4,092 ; malt, £6,487 ; sheep- wash tobacco, £2,008 ; registration fees, £18,770: and of decrease-Spirits, £57,803; beer, £11,720; tobacco, £10,004; cigars £10,521; tea,- £1,800; coffee. £1,869. Thi large decreaso in spirits exhibited by tb.3 Customs department is not in any way mala up by tho increase in distillation, the total excise collected on spirits of colonial produc- tion being only £6,182. Tho falling off must therefore loo traced to the chango which hil been steadily working in the habits of the colo- nists, and to tho large efflux of consumers. While the colony has substantially progressed, this branch of the Customs has fallen off. In. the items of revenue collected under tho hoad of " territorial," we find the following heads of increase:-Purchase money and rent of lands, £25,526 ; rent of lands selected in 1862 an I previously, £8,805 ; sales of land by auction, £69,241 ; pastoral occupation, including new nins, £92; fees of leases, licences, and survey, £2512; proceeds of sale of Crown landa, £302,721. The following items show a da crease ¡-Pastoral ' occupation and new run-, £30,010 : exportduty on gold, £77,299 ; miner*' i rights, £910 ; business licences, £5,880 ; ¡casa» ot auriferous lands, £4,144. In public worki wo find an increase of £183,334 in nil way incomo, and a decrease of £40,000 in water rates; the latter falling off being apparent i rather than real, arising from some settliu; np, in the eailier period, of accounts overdua and of stores unaccounted for. The Po3t offica department exhibits an increase for the year of £4,715. In the other deportments, there is i nothing on the face of the statement collin; for îemark. For the purpose of affording th3 means of a closer comparison, wo subjoin a table of the items given separately for bot!i ?uartere and years respectively, omittiug frac ions: Quarter ending. Year onding* ,-* -v HEADS or 31st | 31st 31st 31st KBVEMJE. March, March, March, Slare'i, 1802\. j 1803. 1802. 1803. I.-CuBTOMS. £ £ £ £ Import Duties I On Spirits 125,074 113,070 575,010 517,219 Wine . 8,372 11,091 39,098 43,03» Beor 11,006 13,278 58,950 47,211 Tobacco 23,842 30,488 133,101 117,0)7 . Cigars 2,162 8,234 10,760 0,211 Tea 28,151 22,311 104,095 102,3)1 Sugar ' 81,406 32,041 120,854 134.03J Coffoo 3,333 2,392 16,302 13,43 Î Opium 4,346 6,042 15,788 22,331 Elco .. 14 2,007 14 10,08/ Dried fruits.. 871 8,031 871 14.77J Hops Malt.. 421 1,209 421 4,514 030 1,467 039 7,127 Shoepwosh to- bacco CO 1,003 09 2,978 Registration fees 4,284 0,085 4,281 23.05Ï Total Customs.. 250,068 252,030 1095 873 107514» II.-EXCISE Spirits distilled in Viatorla 375 890 3,675 6.18Î Publicans' licences 1,860 1,325 55,175 50,695 Spirit merchants' elo. 0,020 12,211 11,290 15,14» Auctioneers' do... 1,700 1,200 2,625 4,325 Browors' do. 750 816 933 013 . All othor licencos. 700 1022 11,604 10,85» Total oxclso .. 14,007 17,304 85,206 03,045 III.-TEIUU , TORIAL. Purchaso - monoy and rent of lands selected In 1S03. « 25,520 _ 25,520 Bout of lands so lcctodinl802and proviousycais.. Silo of land by ~ 8,305 - 8,305 auction.. _ 09,241 _ 69,241 Pastoral occupa- tion, Including , now runs 02 02 Fees of leases, li- cencos, and sur- vey and subdivi- sion of runs .. 2,515 2,515 Procoeds of salo of Crown lands .. 100',431 - 604,421 , 807,145 Pastoral occupa-"-. pation lient oflands .. > 24,046 - 260,340 280,335 Now runs and other llconces J Export duty on gold Miners' rights .. 62,081 33,140 242,280 101,93» 6,321 6,335 34,630 33,62) Business licences. 2,822 1,037 10,885 10,605 Iieascs of aurifer- ous lands 1,561 1,080 8,000 4,705 Total territorial 188,705 147,234 1072870 1857032 IV.-INCOME vnoM Punuc WOUKB. Ballway Income . 43,012 101,081 173,283 356,013 Water-rates -. - 50,000 10,000 Electric telegraph. 6,135 6,142 24,658 25,433 Total income from public -tt orks 48,147 100,8-3 247,842 392,051 V. - Poms AND IlAMOUES. Tonnngo ., 5,840 6,008 18,810 18,101 Pilotage (at out ports) .. - 43 05 12J \- Total ports and harbours 6,510 5,741 18,375 18,225 VI.-POSIAOB. 20,715 28,887 110,170 114,831 VII.-FEES. Of Supremo Court 4,891 4,670 25,253 21,971 General Sessions & County Courts . 1,244 .> 1,031 5,314 4,7.10 Courts of Hines .. 162 101 1,010 1,033 Courts of Potty Sessions 2,073 2,124 10,903 10.12J All other foes .. 8,780 2,916 16,452 15.3W Total fees 12,141 10,802 67,978 63,217 VIII.-PINES AND FORFEITURES. Of Supromo Court 50 81 658 717 General Sessions & County Courts . 8 C 8C 65 Courts of Pettj Sessions 993 1.08C 0,4« 4,740 All othor fines and forfeitures 20S 43£ 3,022 4,431 Total fines and , forfeitures . , 1,200 2.21C 10,057 0,95t IX.-MlSCEtitiAîiE OUS. Bents, exclusivo o land 535 114 2,725 1,935 Government prin- ter 1,504 1,64! 5,007 0,150 labour of prl sonora .. 160 40S 3,714 4,42$ Storago of gun po» dor. 341 18C 1,190 1,114 Salo of Govern- ment proporty 601 84C 2,680 4,452 Chinoso passonger rates 830 60 1,230 1,339 All other rocolpts. 8,760 2.03E 87,214 10,413 Total miscolia , noous < 7,182 0,008 64,421 33,920 Total rovonuo. 655,026 570.70Í 656.02C 2762 814 3152 497 2 75281* Not increaso On tbo quarter 21,07! On the year . 39-),08J Sr-KCtAt, reriDS. Polico rotvardfund 1,287 1,041 0,62' 4,05» Ponai ostabllsh mont fund 4 4 7( 12 Tolls fund 22,824 11,03 105,B6( 04,239 Trust fund 5,914 49,29 26,60 00,122 Polico hospita fund 129 21 662 8,3¡¡ Tile following is a statement of tho transac- tions at the Treasury during the quarter ending 81st March : Accounts. Dr. Or. Financo, 1802- , ltccelpts : Ropaj monts, &c;, to crodlt of Expenditure : Under votos and appropriations Rofunds and transfors from Financo, 1803 Rccolpt-i : Repayments, &c;, to credit of JE-cpcndituro : Under votos and appropriations Refunds and transfers from £ 450,500 5,872 228,014 857 £ 53,229 8,221 677,060 1,147 715,681 014,659 Account«. Dr.. Or . .- J .. &> ' £ Amount brought forward.. 71S,BS1 014,051 139,178 95,02$ l'urcl-ses for gonoral issue .. 63.' -. - 23} c lonlal agents goneral 111,020 110,232 Customs ov ortimû 477 770 Goods.. . ..' .. '.. 20 - Extra lockers' salaries 180 67) Other Qovornuionts. SOO 3,273 Ballway construction account 210,901 8,092 Purchase of tho a colong and Mel- bourne Railway . 8,454 Bopalr of tho v Goolong- and llol 9,942 -. Sowcrngo and Water Supply-crcdl 25,164 9.07Î Tho contracting banks Their agouti In Loudon 4,216 301,20) Tho rallwat loan agents 218,831 218,03) Tlio railway loan ngeuts Interest account. 213,03) Bills remitted account 800,000 -. london and Wcstmli stor Bank .. 212,128 211,023 London Joint Stock Bank .. 61,904 2)) 659 1,01) Ponai establishment fund 237 2U 800 8)1 Fonal cstabllshmeLt fuid-tho trua \-- 8)1 35,804 41,297 52 Immlgrstlon deposits . 2.89E 0,3tl 65,3811 ll,9!i 1,015 0,892 9} Pension fund-schodulo D, part 5 . S7C c"c-«""ñ S Dobtor account Susponso -.|creditor aceoun -317 ~*4J 32,971) 32,89t 2 112 090 192303t 740 87(1 935927 2 859 603 2859661 The money markets of the colonies havj been awaiting on the intelligence from horn). Considerable shipments of gold and specie have been inado, and since the delivery of ths English February mails with telegrap,ii3 items to the 5th March there has been a dis- position to look unon the aspect of Eutopeia afiuirs as threatening. Five of the banks dara issued their returns for the first quarter of the year. No important change is indicated ia these returns. The issue of notes appears t> have been smaller, and a corresponding d) crcaso is noticeable in tho nmouut or oil -and bullion held by the hanks. The bankt' rates of oxchange from this port on Euglaul stand at 2 per cent, premium on sum« under £50, at sight ; above that amount, nt thiity days', 1* per cent. : sixty days', 1 per cent., and ninety days, f per cent, premium. The banks buy thirty and sixty | days' drafts at par; and ninety days', at J psr cent, discount. Tho rato charged hy t_> Peninsular and Oriental Company for thî transmission of gold and bullion from Mel- bourne to tho Bank of England is 1J pjr cent., including insurance. The banking in- stitutions having agencies in India charji for thirty days' exchange on Bombay, Cal- cutta, and Madras, 2s. Id. per rupee; Hon; Kong and Singapore, 4s. lOd. per dollar; Mauritius, 4s. 2d. per dollar; Ceylon, 3J pa,* cent, premium. The banks charge 7 per cent, discount for two months' bills, 8 per cent, for three months', and 9 por cent, for foix months'. Interest is allowed on time depodsi at the following rates :-For deposits at thirty days' notice, front 1J to 2 per cent, pa annum ; at three months' notice, from 2 t > 2\. per cent. ; at six months' notice, from 4 t > 5 per cent. . The returns of the five banks to which w» have alluded have been published ia 11 r Gazette, in pursuance of tho act of Council. 4 Viet., No. l8. The general abstracts sho v the average amounts of the liabilities an I assets within the colony of Victoria, ta'ce t from the weekly statements. The capitil accounts refer to the entire business of th i bauks in all their branches. Subjoined an details :-Bank of Australasia.-Liabilities : - Notes in circulation; not bearing intorett. £274,230; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £12,588 19s. 8d. ; deposits, not bo ir ing interest, £888,684 10s. 2d.; do., bjtr itig interest, £653,160 5s. 8d. Total arno nfc of liabilities, £1,828,004 Is. Gd. Assets: Coined gold and silver and other opine! metals, £301,028 7s. lOd.; gold and áilv;r in bullion and bars, £46,090 Ils. 10J.: landed property, £106 037 13s. lOd. : notes an l bills of other bonks, £23,04910s. 9d. ; amount of all debts duo to the bank, including not>). hills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every description, excepting notn. bills, and balances duo to the said bank from other banks, £1,757,449 2s. Gd. Total amouut, of assets, £2,234,255 6s. 9d. Capital account: Amount of the capital stock paid up at tim date, £900,000 ; rate of, the last dividend dd clared to the shareholders, 24s. per share 'an I bonus of 26s. per share, or twelve and a halt i per cent.; amount ot the last dividend de- clared, £56,250; amount of the reserved profit« after declaring such dividend, £326825 6s. lid. Bank . of Victoria. - Liabilities : - Notes in circulation, not bearing intcre", £294,978; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £16,355 lot. 3d.; balances duo t> other banks, £24,092 14s. 3d.: deposits, nit bearing interest, £830,031 6i. 6d. ; do., bearing interest, £624,757 0s. lOd. ? Total amount of liabilities, £1,790,214 17s. lOd. Assets: Coined gold and silver and other coinol metalB. £372,529 8s. 9d. ; Government securities, £60,000: cold and silver in-bil- lion or bars, £94,969 9s. 4d.; landed pro rerty,£U5,87615s.2d.; notes and bills ofotlwr _ants,£16,183 Os.ld.; balances due from other banks, £116,995 5s. lOd.j amount of all debil due to the bank, including notes, bills of ox- ' change, and all stock and funded debts of oveiy description, exct pting notes, bills, an I other balances due-to the said .bank from other banks, £1,450,84814s. Od. Total amonas ' of assets, £2,216,402 13s. 8d. Capital account : -Amount of the capital stock paid up at this dato, £500,000; rate of the last divi- dend declared to the shareholders, ten tnr cent.: amount of tho last dividend d-t clared, £25,000 ; amount of tho reserved pro- fits after declaring such dividend, £95,003. London Chartered Bank of Australia. - Liabilities :- Note3 in circulation, not bear- ing interest, £111,172 lös. 8d. ;, bills iu ' circulation, not bearing interest, £0,837 14Î. 8d. ; balances duo to other banks, £1,012 7i. 3d. ; deposits, not bearing interest, £262,313 10s. 3d. ; do., bearing interest, £343,616 3s 7d. Total amouut of liabilities, £725,005 Iii. 6d. Assets ¡-Coined gold and silver and other coined metals, £184,415 19s. 9d.; g>ll and silver in bullion or bars, £28,381 14" lOd. ; lauded property, £64,423 10s. lid.; notes and bills of other hanks, £21,42212-». j Cd. ; balances due from other hanks, £2,676 \ Os. : amount of nil debts due to the tnok. f including notes, bills of exchange, and all [ stock and funded debts of every descrlp-1 won, excepting notes, bills, and balançai due to the Bald bank from other hanks, £1.125,654 4s. lid. Total amount of asset-). £1,426,97417s. lid. Capital account:-Amouut of the capital stock paid up at this date, £1,000,000 ; rate of thelast dividend declared tj the shareholders, eicht per cent, per anntt _ ; amount ot the last dividend declared, £40,033 ; amount of the reserved profits at the tim.) of declaring such dividend, £114^26 16s. 2f. Oriental Bank Corporation. .-Liabilities : Notes iu circulation, not bearing intere3t, £146,419 13s.; bills in circulation, not bail- ing interest, £9,281 9s. lOd.; balances dut to other banks, £014 0s. 3d.; deposits, nit bearing interest. £203,995 7s. 7d. ; do., bjariur interest, £493,976 l8*. 6d. Total amou'i-, of liabilities, £854,287 9s. 2d. Assets : Coined gold and silver and other coimd metals, £182,980 43. 9d.; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £104,34017s. lOd. ; landed pr i perty. £40,000; notes and bills of other bank', £19,859 3s. ; balances due from other baukt, £37,199 5s. 3d. ; amount of all debts duo to ti» bank, including notes, hills of exchange, au I all stock and funded debts of every descripti ia, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to tua 'Bald bank norn other banks, £G60,763 6s. 21. Totnl amount of assets, £1,045,142 17s. Oapitit account ¡-Amount of the capital stock piM np to this date, £1,260,000; rate of tho last dividend declared to the shareholders, ten pic cent, dividend and two per cent, bonus, or fourteen por cent, per annum; amount of th) last dividend declared, £88,200; amount of ti» icserved profits after declaring such dividend, £262,000. English, Scottish, and Australiau phartored Bank.-Liabilities ¡-Notes in circu- lation, not bearing interest, £40,063 ; balança ¡ "ue to other hanks, £1 4s. 5d. ; deposit no1; earing interest, £110,267 7s. Id. ; do., boarlnr nterest, £181,984 9a. Total amount of liabih ies, £332,316 0s. 6d. Assets:-Coined goll nd silver and othor coined metal' :67.947 18s. 10d.: gold and silver it lullion or bars, £5,173 18s. 6d. ; landed prj icrty, £25,229 5s. 6d. ; notes and bills of othir innks, £4,678 Og. 5d. ; balances duo from oth ir banks, £5,980 16s. 3d.: amount of all deb1;* lue to tho bank, including notes, bills of >xchango, and all stock and funded debt) 9f every description, excepting notes, hill-t. snd balances duo to the said bank froai other banks. £500,059 10a. Total amount of assets, £599,075 los. 6d. Capital account : Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tho Close of the quarter euded 81st March, 1863, E600.000; rate of last dividend declared to the shareholders, six per cent, per annum ; amount of the last dividend declared, £16,000; imount of the reserved profits after declaring such dividend, £16,413 9s. The yield of the gold-fields continues to bo steadily maintained, the totals for tho year appiondiing vciy closely to those of the sam.) period of 1802, notwithstanding the efflux'ou; miners towafds the newer dhcoveries in New Zealand. The shipments of gold during tho current week have amounted to 7,556 ouncjä, bringing Hie total of Victorian gold since th» commencement of tho year to 487,885 ouncss ; and the transhipments from Now Zealand to 77,528 ounces. The shipments of gold mado ¿ming the corresponding wcok of the year 1882 amounted to 59,141 ounces, of which quantity 9,815 ounces were transhipments from New Zealand. There aro no material changes to ro port. The banks are buying on the gold-fioldî at rates based on £3 16s. 8d. per ounca for standard. These may be quoted at: Ompo, Upper Yarra, Shady Greek, £311s, 3d. to £3 13s. 3d. ; Jamieson, Big Eiver, and Dande- nong. £3 14s. 8d. to £8 16s. ; Castlemoino, Bendigo, and Mountain Creek, £3 17s. 8d. t» £3 17s. 6d.; Crooked Uiver, Boggy Oreok, Ca- ledonia, and Anderson's Greek, £318s. 3d. ; Maryborough, Dunolly, Avoca, and Baglan. £3 18s. 6d. to £3 18s. 9d.; Greswick and Brown's, £3 17s. 9d. to £319s. Gd. ; Ballarat and Ovens, £4 Os. Gd. to £4 Is. The export duty on gold is Is. Gd. per ounce. In tho following table, the quantities of gold brought into Melbourne «eekly by tho escorts aro givon separately for tho various gold-fields, for three months, ending yester- day: .pi^íiíSiSÍJ.o-S-p-g-p i ai si' ;|g|g|ai gi sis » M IO cg> 3- o IO Tarnagulla. ¡ill lill li|i£ > co o ti* M -a cn lglgjl§lgl gi gi CnOlMO3«-ÇOÇOrf*>C0ÇltO>t K*OCiícWí3Bítntc¡Í*c»C Maryborougta. ¡ig'S'S'S'l1? Talbot i'a'S's1 Dunolly. ejt0nii>»r-ttrttUÄtnO3cn*».ptn OtrtinofSK>wo5c*>WÇriça^i KI¥I$I8I3 » I 00 I eo I i's'ês1 iglgi CIS Inglowood. ¡I gi SI g1 g Beechworth. Slâlglli ¡IS Yaclatndandah. BiiiliSil o ». M ~t co > i sa I S I gli g'g> !>S 'i'S'i'S'â'S' !Blackwood IglglSISI ]g||l|l|l |)§l |Raglan. ISIflglgl Slfel *r tu ^ «. w N Pleasant Crock. I8ISI_I a18 SI Smyth esdalo. £l_l |III.I_I_'1I| igigigiglfisi I-ndsborough. ?--"_af2__88ë SV_S3-S__3_S Total Ouncsa. The following is a list of the gold ships which have sailed fjom Melbourne and Gee- long since 1st February, with the quantities) stated separately : Dato 1 of Ship. Destination. Ouuco Sailing, j ! Fob. 4| Agincourt.. London .. 21,052 " 12,Clty of Holbourne Sydney .. 4;534 " lTJTreboIgan .. London .. 2,533 " 19SUS30X London .. 23,140 " 21 Madras Point de Gallo . > 60,578 " 2G¡Marco Polo London .. 14,031 " 28 Essex London .. 38,772 March ¡Balclutha .. Sydney .. 6,993 " 14 Dovor Castle London .. 27.0W " 21 Edmund Graham.. London .. 18,871 " 20 Northam .. Point de Gallo . 41,63) " 28Swiftsuro .. London .. 13,291 April 4 Moravian .. London ., 60,332 -" OEangatira .. Sydney .. It " 16Lincolnshire London .. 10,8)5 " 22Glondoivor.. London .. 7,75" Of the stock and share market there is little to notice during tho paßt week. Oa Monday, the following sales were reported : Victoria Government Six per Cent.. £103 ; Colonial Bnnk of Australasia, £7 ; National Bank of Australasia, £4 11s. ; Ballarat Gas Company, £6 12*. Cd. ; Australasian Insurance Company, £2 11s. ; Maryborough Mining Com- pany, 2s. ; Sandy Creek Poverty Keef, 6s. On Tuesday.-Government Six per Cent. Doben tuies, £109 ; Coloniul Bank of Australasia, £3 19s. to £7: Ballarat Gas Company, £0123. ; Geelong Gas Company, £3 15s. ; Alliauço In- surance Company, 11s. On Wednesday,-Go- vernment Debenture?, £109 ; Colonial Bank of Australasia, £0 9s.; Ajax (mining), £5il53l; and Maryborough (mining), 2s. Od. to 83.; Great Extended, half sleeping share, £1,503 ; Melbourne Exchange Company, £1710s. par bhare; and, on Thursday,-Government De- bentures, £109; Ballarat Gas Company, £0 12s. ; Geelong Gas Company, £3 14s. Since the departure of the last mail for England, tho following sales or stations have been effected ¡-Tho . Weatherboard Station, near Inverleigh, comprising 8,135 acres of pur- chased land, with 5,000 Sheep, for the sum of £19,585, being 42s. per acre for the land, aüd 10s. per headr for the bheep; the Squattlese» Station, near Belfast, with 7,700 Fheep and 600 cattle, sundries given in, for £8,600, on the usual terms ; and tinco back bloc ka of laud between tho Lachlan and Darling rivers, at an average of £500 each. The following is a statement of tho trafilo returns of the Victorian Government Hues of railway, of the Melbourno and Hohson's Bay Eailway, and of the Melbourne Company line (late the Melbourne and Suburban line), for the month of March :- I Government linca Helbourno and Hobson's B»j H-bourne Co 'a . Pas songcrs. Mor ol_.ndlso I id, £ R c1 10,008151110,347 17 < 3,50015 9 2,344 8 7 2,80010 6 - : s d. 35,36413 3 5,816 ii 2,80010 5 The Bill of Entry for the port of Melbourne gives the imports for the past week at tho Declared value of £196,584, and the exporta at £168,780, the balanco being in favour of tha former hy £27,804. Among the exports wore the following articli'B Of colonial produce : Bark, 60J tons; black sand (tin), 2 tons; bones, 38 tons; flour, 10 tons ; gold, ll,896oz, ; guano, 10 tons ; hay. 20 tons ; hides, 7,259 No.; orns and hoofs, 24,400 No. ; horses, 90 No. ; potatoes, 70 tons; tallow, 57 tons; wool, _22.761Ib In the following table, tho import* and exports are given weeMy for tho curreilt year, side by side with those of the cor- responding weeks of 1862, together with the totals for both periods : Week 1 Imports. Eifports ending 1862. 1803. 1802. 1S63 I ~ _ £ £ \- 1 Jua. S 143,220 845,640 * 04,163 105,430 " 10 411,276 170,408 287,734 623,001 » w 187,805 438,710 232,709 102.03Î » 24 205,850 221,410 428,618 659,125 ,, 81 Fob. 7 475,021 410,192 395,343 117,731 171,765 197,444 126,005 190,005 .. 14 287,602 457,973 221,122 142,221 .> 21 200,059, 318,431 , 300,731 233,431 iTwcli 7 249,019 462,788 1 220,228 403,10 t 195,932 201)800 129,284 117,311 .i M 810,912 162,410 832,022 180,12) .» 21 217,573 03,872 70,209 239.S17 " 28 208,041 . 140,648 869,770 293,337 April 4 330,229 223,845 82,800 3U,0ï2 ,, H 213,700 059,070 209,701 33,732 " 10 121,942 100,684 213,624 108,783 4,008,006 4,727,194 3,840,000 8,920,600 In the first period, the account stood thus : Imports Exports Balance of importa over exporta In the second period: Imports . Exports ..' £4,003,000 8,819,009 £218,997 £4,727,104 3,92 »,690 Bilanoo of Imports ovor exporta ' . £800,698 | The following is a statomont of the stocks of dutiable gooda in the bonded warehouse« of Melbourne on the 21st instant ¡-Brandy; _,71l|hhde, 60,o_6jcases: rum, l,086ihlids. 731 cases; geneva, llihhds., 105,491 red 7,446 green cases; whiskey. 714£hhds. 9,811 ca£cs ; old tom, 146}_hds. 2,147 cases ; cordttls, ,?,r«l cases: spirits of wine'IGfJhhrL. . M spirits, 7Phhds. 4,254 casis : S'ofe likds. fe,765J cases? beer 2,4341,hds 4 ivffll and casks; tobacco. 59hhds., 225 caklf?^ bales 894ftialf-tierces, 128 Ä&» kees, G,03o three-quarter boxes, aÎffifô*1 and Wes; cigars, 844 case« . snuff ii^f* ages; tea, 27,089 chests, 18,185* L¿K~ 7306 boxes; coffee, 8¿28 bags 2* ^P 1,652 barrels; sugar (rav,), 128 Me. f^ Í(',259 packages; molasses, llGihiids . Tr* tory, 4Í3 packages; opium, 1(5 &,.& packages; dried frnts, 7,748 packaÄT ICö pockets 67 bales: rice, 3 35iimÄ larrels; colonial distilled spirits 1 emffi m The publib wool sales may be £8H Ft over for the season. The lots of Vctoii»» mowthnow offering aro almost exiSi» fc'mongors' parcels, tho catalogues hebe s ¿ nltmented with consignments from Newftï" land, shipped for sale in this market If t?" c nly sale of the month, 800 bales were offer*? Greasy woolii were bought at last moS lates, but those of other classes0""* tenerally withdrawn, and havo since wf slopped on owners' account. The onT l.iy cleared at tho Customs since, tlÄ' Match of the March mail amounis . 1,775,1751b., which, added to pSÄÄ.1»" ^f BeaEon's oliP- biinga the totllt Tho tallow market has been quiet, willi »". few transactions. Of the 614 cask«i K1 rtS during the month, three-fourtbTha fe cleared on owners' account Price» ma quoted at from £32 to £35 for beef, £8TtJÀÎ or mixed, and £39 to £42 for mutton TÍ, hulk of ti is article of Australian produce tí graduaUy being absorbed by the candlcm iW *»d soapboilers' establishments oftlusn«,! iLe neighbouring colonies. s aa'1 Large shipments of hides have taken tita* J mounting in all to 80,900. Some specnlatií: movement occurred at the commencemcrit.tr tie month, which has, however, since di*« tut. Medium parcels wore sold soon after On dernrture of tho last mail at from 9s tnàk Id. Quotations now are, for dry, 4s (ki »ni lor wet salted, 11s. Gd. 'an l In another column will bo found a tain lar statement of the exports and ICAI ments norn the port of Melbourne. Thechief orticles of colonial produce are mimosa bart 02tons; black sand (tin),23 tons; bones.5> ÄJ,,copper-162 tons; flour,6G8 tons; go« 124,677 ounces ; guano, 19 tons ; hay, 71 tons 111068,21,209; kaolin, 48 tons! Ihé ïtock horses, 214 No. ; sheep, 5,100 No. ; potato« 1C8 tons ; tallow, 99 tons ; wool, 1,7754751b. In the remarks prefaced to our prices cu nnt, we have treated of the import market ¿ detail. MELBOUENE WHOLESALE PBICES CURBENT. Tho Argus OIBco, Friday Eveninr. ^ There has, slnco the departure of the Much uni', bÀcn a more steady and Improved trade doing In L_ g eater portion of imported goods. The dmuinl fur i _1pment to Now Zealand and tlio other nelgMlouriar markets has imported moro activity, aswoIUviu Ulned prices. The low Btocks generally held lathe digging township», requiring replenishing tar the _o_terholldaysuppllo«, have lurthcr aided In bcneSu'rj ' the condition of our mtrkets. rho English Inteffi gonco by tho Madras, although goncrally favour-ie io importen' views, liai produced little or no cUar¡« \- prices, and has not induced any particular »peci latlvc foolir.g. On tho wholo, however, liuslae* may ho considered Improved, notwithstanding ti_ numerous aid heavy arrivals to hand, and no decHut of any importance on present rates can bo looked I«-. Tlio arrivals of now browed ales have hera lu ivy, cul juices havo »lightly dccllnod, as they upuallv da - the apprrach of the rainy (canon. Good pareáis or bottled ale aro very scarco, the stock on band lxliirot interior quality and out of cotditiou. Stout, milo bulk and glass, ia bettor supplied, and den- id euler. Quotations ure :-Alo.-Bass's now No. 8, £9; AIl-po'i old, £810s. to to £8 16s. ; other Burton brewon', £3 V» £8 Ks. por hhd.; Joule's Btono, £9; Te "rent's, Cf Ids. per hhd ; Byass's bottled, 10s. to lOj. 31 ; London and Colonial Co.'s, Ss. Od. to 9s. 9d ;Alliopj_, 10s. to IDs. 3d. ; other bottlers', 8s. Od. to 9*. Stoat. -Best brands, £7 2s. Od. £7 (ii. ; other brewon', £( lCu. to £7 per hhd. ; Dublin stout, 10s. 3d. ; Bruit bottled, 9s. Od. ; London and Colonial Compiay'i, ! 6. 6d. ; Barclay's, bottled by Friend, quarts, Os. M. to 10s. ; othor bottlers', 8s. Od. to Os. per dozen. Bacon.-Inquiry,. chiefly for New Zealand, eou tiiuesvory activo ; primo lots aro scarce, andcooii e'erablo purchases oro mado to arrive at very foil ] tices, _IJd. to lCd. per lb. being obtainable (or I creels of thin kind. Bags and Sacks.-Tlio supply of throo-tuihelincli ci ntinucs insufficient (or tho demai d; and, beagh "i ho bands of one or two boldon", Llgh prices aio ilill Jilling. Sales havo been ofloctcd at 23s per ¿own. lian and gunny bags aroahoof good sale, tho latter ¡>t. about 76. Bd. to 8s. per dozen, tho formor vnrjia» t ccording to substance. Woolpacks are scirccly ii t_y demand, al d are quoted at from 4s. fd. to ia. 101 caih. Butter has been lu improved demand, mostl/ hi thlprocnt. Tlie trade demand Li moderate-, butt-ttr. Centidorablo sales havo been tntda at lSJd.toUl, 1 ut holders of newly-landed parcels goner-"y boll I* Hld. por lb. Candles show no inclination towards any omenl nunt In prices. Tho maikct remains very dull, na t the largo sales made constantly by auction tend lu- ther to koop rates down. Quotations arc:-Keri Stearine, lud. ; behn on'», all but. nominal, at 12 J<i. ;ut ether brands at proportionate rates. Cement.-Tho Buppllos of Portland having center In one firm, prices have further advanced, and t_. ti 24s. per barrel is now the quotation. Houmi li regleeta!, and of vory limited salo at 11s. to 12s.pw 1-rrel, Cheese continues in good demand at from 12J_ li 184\. per lb, for primo qualities. Coffee has improved in inquiry, and having b*'<t bought up, advanced ratos are paying. (Jiioi i iens are-Ceylon Plantation, 12d. ; native, led. IA KJd.'; Java, 10}d. to lid.; Manilla, lOd. per .1)., ii bind. Cordago Is In plentiful supply, an i the diniitf l'ght.' Stocks aro, howovor, well held, "willi, urorted sizes, quoted at from £47 to £4- ; Hu-ui. £89 to £40 ; Europe, £39 to. £35 per ton. Seaiiinï and roping twine aro Btlll very scarco and w"iii, and worth 14d. to led. per lb. . , Confectioner}' is in reduced Inquiry, but toter-Ir £t cady In value Best cssortcd worth lOJd. Ci-tied reel, quoted at 12:]d. to ltd. per lb. DrugB.-There havo bpen no alterations ot im rcrtaneo In any of tho articles coalprised undor tilt beading. Prepared opium has slightly improved j ¡(li quoted at from 20a. Gd. to 20s. per canister. l'«!n«, -240 per ehest, duty paid ; soda crystals moderator m'esblo, at £8 to £8 7s. Od. Soda ash in no d.m_l, i i d difficult of solo. Illa high price of resin prnetn ¡i g Its use in tlio manufacturo of soup, a hitler de-vol 1er cauBtlcsoda lias arisen, and prices -re quoted »t £20 to £21, per ton. Flour of. sulphur of modem« f alo, at from 21s. to 22s. per cwt. Carbonate el soli, 17B. to 17- Od. perewt. ?. '. ' Eailhenware _lai-talns Its Improved condition, vrcl lutortcd Invoices having been dUpiscdof byuio-II at from 05 to 90 per cent, advance on cost. ' Flih, Dried and Salted.-Demand is quitter. Statt of- good quality are, howovor, llghl, and MIOI tit 8'tody In small lots. Primo ling, Sid. to Od. per lb : lurrlngs, both white and lod, continuo'of ¿oder»'!; ule, the formor at 27* to 28s. per half barrel, and Un hitter at 20?. to 28s. portwodoz n tin«. . ' Flour, Se.-A steady and In proved trade lias he« tmmmctéd In flour at priées, contrary (o expcdatl -n, ii advanco of lato ratos. Supplies In South Australia am abundant, and c1 our own lait crop a coi eidcrjhle|"f ticn must bo still on band, so that try pemitnciii ia provemont in value is scarcoly to bo expected. Vilxii has undorgono a corresponding in'provenurt, and sells at higher figures. Horso-fcod of all kind* li» been in steady demand. Oats are, however, with tis ,'ji.telllgenco of resumed exports frem Europe, nd"* «n-ier, and prices aro gonora'Iy considered to kite tem their highest. ?' Malling barley has been lu lutter ittucst, andas tho soason further advance* piiosof this description are likely to bo sustained. Mali« j« in fair domand, and steady In píleo. English malt li »till of moderato salo, but ratea ara scarcely to I»B». Ile maikct being influenced by tho advices of,l«ï» »liliinents bating been made. Qiiotat_r>3 aro: ?Jumonlan and Victorian, £12 1_, to £lïl0v; Ad: laido, £13 to £1B 16a ; Hart's and Magarey's (al- Ade- laide), £14 ; Cal fe mian, £12 per ton. Wheat, fe. to is, 4}d. ; Adolaldo, 6s. 6d. ; Calif.'raia», li- I" Catt-Irish and Scotch, 4s. Cd. ; colonial. El M." /8. 6d. Barley, for ma'ting, 6s. Od. to 6s. ; for f-iiut ] uiposes, 4s. Cd. to 4B.' 0d. Maize, Es. Od. per hu.*«. Cram, £14 per ton. Bran, Is. 6d. icrbuthel. Oi. _ital-Scotch, £28 to £29 ; colon'a! made, £35 per toa I'ligliih malt, 0s. Od. tdlOfl. porbushoL Fruits, dil ed, aro, with tho odvanclngscason, becomi JÏ In more demand.' Currants bato boen in good Ii ([»Iii i Ld tales mado at 4 Jd. to 4|d. por lb. Tablo frol«"4 »ho Improving. Muscatel raliins uro quoted »t from (d. to 7d. ; Turkey figs, 6d. to <Wd. ; Frercli pim». Ed. to Hid. per lb. Gunpowder continues steadily to maintain its viw-t but Inquiry has boen quite llmltsd. Best sample» * blasting are still quoted at from 7Jd. to 73<t Ver Ib\ , Bams aro fully supported by tho bri- «hipPV oi der« and lightness of stocks ; for tho few prim» lo» on huid 17d. por lb. is to-doy required. Hops aro in lessoned roqucst, but prices continue ii rulo at from 2». ld. to 2s. 3d. per lb., duty paid, '<* Kent and Sussex pockets of 1802's growth. Metals have undcrsono but llttlo »Iteration »nee our lust monthly report. Pig iron remains (0 modeiato sale. Corrugated, low in stock, awl ' good request. Zinc and sheet lead remain dm' Tlnplates in very llttlo demand. Wiro oi tolerably fir salo. Quotations aro ? as follow . Morowood's patont corrugated galvanized t«"1"' 24 and 20 gaugos. £85 por ton. Morowood a cor- rugated galvanlzod, No. 2, or untlnnod, £54 jo. i -upper's do., £34 do. ; Hamilton's or other Bar Ush makor's, £88 do.; Scotch, £28 do.; Hori wood's galvanized tinned plain, 28 and 28 &"&': £88 do. ; Tuppor's or othor Engllali maker's, t'K "". ? ecotche" """ " " " " ?-.»?' brands, £18 dO. ', fluco», _-urivu, K>f* uw< , »«to- ?-?,. do. ; hoop, £12 do. ; pig, £316s. do. ; Swed_n,nOB»i<-< tead-Pipo, asaortod Blzes, £27 to £28 do.;¡wg I o Uled, assorted, £20 do. ; shot, asaortod, £30. HP'"-. , -Iver, 2s. per lb. Steel.-Blister, £2 6s. per c«- : 1 east, £210s. do. Tin-Block, Is. 6_ to Is. Bd-1»' '»..» plates, charcoal, IC, plates, charcoal, l_,20pcr«n. advance. Wire-Fencing, black, £14 Pf t»" t.JÏÏ vanhtod, Nos. 1 to 6, £20 do. Zinc-Rollod, ligai. £31 do. ; do., nails, £2 8s. to £210s. per cwt Mess Beer and Porkin fair inquiry, tho former at *?'. and the latter at £6 to £6 6s. per barrel. .. Oilmen's Stores.-Bottled frulla and Jams »a* J*"fj liavo boen tho chief articles of domand, but the KW manufacture of those articles Interfere» with the pr.c« or Imported sort». Pickle« aro also rather Impro» w .ardincsand salmon in good shipping dT*T'? ', i.rtces ttcady. QuoUtlom arc :-Blue, thumb, »jo. M I Kd. per lb.; currie pow.dor.quartB, 18s. k>l^H,iHw fiuits, bottled, quarte, 10s. 0.1. dei. ; jnros and |ciij". lib. tin», 11B. do.; lobsters, lib. tins, Anioricw,. ?«i. 6d. do. : macaroni, ' Bd. por lb. ¡ vorm'.oslll, ¿hit». Naples and Gone», 7eL do.; mustard, h iallc, fto._2. Sid. do., ; do., In Jib. boKlo< 12». por down ; do., In iib. bottles, 7s. Od. do. ; inters, preserved,lib. tins, 17s. to 17s. fld. pcrdozjn ; Z Zlb. tins, 24s. do. ; ploklos,pints, Os. to Og. OL ¿¿/."salad oil, pints, 18s. per dozen ; do,, half-pints. Ii. tfd. to 8s. do. ¡ salmon, presorted lib. tins, I7s, J» ? sardines, haltes, Os. 6d. do. ; quarters, (Jj, (d! 'do. ; sancos, assorted, halt-pints, 8s. do. ; do, Worcestershire (Lea and Perrins'), 12s. to 12s. Od. do. ; itarcb (Colman's), Cid. por Ib.; vinegar, brown irjlijmpiou's 21), 2s. per gallon; do., conoan tratet!, quarts, 9s. to 10s. per dozon; white wino, li. IA nor ¿allon. OH», etc.-Linseed hal worked low In Btoek, »ni irires havo ralllod to 6j. Od. per gallon. Koroseno H ¿till rathor easier, host sorts being not worth 8s. 8d. t> ita. 10d. ; Cbtneso Is Bllghtly oosior, and quoted at ii oj to 4s. 3d. per gallon; turpontlno maintains Iti trico, and is still worth 14s. Od. per gallon ; best whlto . bid 86s. to 37s. perewt. Points and colours of mod i rat9 ralo and unalterod In value. Pitch »nd tar romain In limited Inquiry, quotations raluig »t 40s. to 48s. per barrol. Klee -Tlio stocks being almoBt in tho hands of a fdw to'cors, prices aro woll sustained ; there has not, h JW erer, bsen so oo'.lvo a trado dornend during tho pin w ck. Patria Is quoted as finn at 271. per cwt., duty Salt-The market has boon somewhat clamped by the moil advices, and prices havo rathor declinad. Til o Bait is not north moro than £6to£5 5j., »ni for Utorpool coarse £316s. Is tho top prico. As, bo V etcr, tbo curing season is about sotting In, no furthor ileilmc In value is anticipated. Spirits have continued goncrrtlly In fair request. Th, > best brands of brandy, both'In bulk and glass, ha /a rim low in stock, and cauBod an unproved domand for "ru ot less repute. Eenncssy's pale, in glass, c innis be procured under 81s. por dozen, and MartoU's (Uri, In bulk, Is not procurable under 12s. per fMlloa. (¡dicvi contlnuoii to bo largoly consumed, aal maintains its valuo dosplto tho on-jrmous supplier repeatedly coining to hand. Whiskey and old tom »r J In but modorato domand, but at unohanged prljai. Hum remains in limited request. Quotations «rd is follow :-Spirits (In bond).-Brandy-MartoU's, dark, 12s.; palo, 18s. per gallon; Hcnnossy's dx, Jit, Od. per ¡rallbn; palo, 18s. ; Otord's, 10s. Od. jo ; United Vineyard Proprietors' Company's Jo., 10t. di; Champagne Vineyard Proprietors1 Cam «ay's do., 10s. to 10s. 6eL; polo, Ils. do. ; Vine, grower«', 10s. do.; other brands, do,, is. to 8s. ed. do. ; pale, MartoU's or Bonnessys, 81s. por dozen tw; rio., Unitod Vinoyord Proprietors*, 28s. to 80s. do ; Vinegrowers', 28s. to 27a do.; Champagne yinojard Proprietors' Company's, 28s. to 27s. do. ; Rouioau's, 24s. to 26s. do. Henova- JDKZ or toy branri, 10s. Od, per four-gallon case; do., do, 7s. per half-csso; do., other brandi, 8t, (d. to - Os. 6d. por case.' Gin-London old tom, bost brands, 2s. Gd. per (fallon; do., do., lis. to l63, por dozen. Brim-East India, 20 to 10 o p., Is. 6d. to 2s. 8d. por gallon ; Wost India, 10 to J2 O.D., 2s. Od. do. ; do., 20 to 80 o.p., 8s. 3d. do. Whiskey-Irish, Mohan's, 4s. do. ; Scptoh, best, 4s. 81 de. ¡ do., best brands, 12s. Od. to. 18s. per dozen case. Tbo Sugar market has shown lose activity, the trada operating with caution. Importers aro, howovor, Aral In their rates, and prices aro unlikely to undergo any early chango. Quotations aro-Cosslporo, No, 1, 48s. ; Hturitlus- Crystals, 87s. to 41s. : middling to flao yellow grocery sorts, 88s. to 87a. ; tow to good bro wa, Sis.to29s. perewt. Teas bato boen In aotlve domand, and considorabl a salis made, chiefly lu medium qualities of congous, the prices of which havo further advanced. GunpDwJor and scented orango pekoo aro alto in better roquost. Ouolatlons »ro- Low congou», 1B. 4d. to Is. 6U ; raj dum to good, Is. 7d. to Is. lOd. ; Ano, 2s. to 2s. 3d. ; scented orange pokoo, Is, 6d. to 2s. ; gunpoipdor, ZJ. lo 2s. Od. per lb. Umber has not bcon largely dealt in, but prices ar> generally steady, and holders firm. Quotation i »ro-DealB, 9 x 8, 4Jd. to 6eL per foot; 11 x. t, Od. per foot; lui. shelving, £12 fia. to £18; Un. T. and O. whito pino, £0 2s. 6d. ; tis x Jin. white T. and G., 8s. Od. ; Oin. x Jin. do., «t. M, ; Oin. x Jin. do., 11s. 9d. to 12s. ; Obi. x Jin. roi do., lis. 9d. to I2s. ; Oin. x lim. white do., 13s. id. ; 61n. x ljln. red do., 14s. ; ejin. whlto weather eoird«..4 out, 8s. 8d. ; OJln. x }ln. rod T. and O ; 8i. Od. ; ita. x Jin. white T. and G., Os. 6d. ; Oin. x Jin IU U. ; 81n. x Jin. whlto T. and G., Os. 84 ; Oin. X Jin. do., 8s. 9d.; Bin. x Jin. do., 11s. Od.; Ita. clear »lae, at £16 2s. 6d. per l,OO0ft. super. ; ljln. to 81n. undrais sd tlear pine, £10 do. ; spruce flooring, Oxl, Os. BJ. Ser ÎOOÎL running; T. and G. lumber, £10121." Bl. o ; 4ft. laths. 24s. 8d. to 24B. 9d. per 1,000. Tobacco.-Tho conlinued domand and corhparatlvoly light supply keop pricos firm ; tho trade, howcY-or,-"ap- pear to prefer buying for their immedlato require- ments to stoeklng themsolvcs heavily In tho priiont condition of the market. A parcel of Havannah leaf, of Ono quality, has boon placed by auction at C3, p >r lb. Correct quotations aro still difficult to afford, baï rolo about as follows for bost brands :-Tens, 2s. 0 L t j 3s. ; half-pounds, 2s. lOd to 8». 3d. "Twist (with th i eiceptlon of Barrett's anchor brand), 4s. 2d. to 4s. 10 t. per lb. The qualities of local gronth aro In nf-t-iy instances highly spoken of, and increased attentlo i being now paid to Its culture and curing, an opliilo i las gained ground that oro long prices of importo I torts will bo considerably influenced by our owl supplies. * Wines.-Tlio demand has beon slightly moro ajttvo especially for ports of both low and high qualtirwi. Sherries aro very heavy in Btoek, and of limltedinqulry. IJght wines are, as usual at this season of tho year. ahnest unsaleable. MELBOURNE MARKETS. ' . FEIDAT, APRIL 24. Tus MILLS.-Trado demand continue» active, Jinl prices aro well supported. Fino flour Is selling at £13, ?onie of tbo mills asking 10s. per ton advanco on tatt rate; oatmeal brings £35 per ton; wheat, fis. li t> ti 64, ; bran, Is. fid. per bushel. , Bum, MARKETS.-Butchors' Meat.-Beef, 6di to 70\. pet lb. ; mutton, 4d to Od. do. ; voal, 7d. to 8d 4> ;pork,Bd.to9d.do. Poultry.-Tarkoys,6s.0d.to0s. Cd each ; geese, 10s. to 12s. per pair; ducks, 6s. te 7a. do, ; fowls, os. Od. to 6s. Od. do.; rabbits, 8s. to Is. por brace; totter, fresh, la Od. to Is. lOd. per lb.; eggs, 2s. Sd to 8s. per dozen; bacon, Is. 2d. to Is id.: ham, la M. to is. ed. por lb. ; broad, 6Jcl. to 7d. tho 41b. - loaf ¡ milk, 8d. to lOd. per quart. rjiT MARKET.-Tlio supply has boon fully up to th> demanil, and on somo days lo excess of tbo roqitjro- ' menta Prices have consequently somewhat lan juisbed, but aro still quoted as follow ¡-Hay, £5 5s. to JE8, straw, £4 to £5 por ton. EisntiN MARKET.-The markot continues so ovor lopplled with all descriptions of seasonable vege- tables, that several pareóla wore left In .f,ho tnikct, tho growers not caring to cart 'triom lorne Tho fov good sorts of grapes and autukni traits coming in sold readily, at somewhat Ira Îroved prices. Poultry was well Bupplled, and, um tha moderato prices ruling, domand wa.» tolerably good. Quotations wero about as fol- low -Vegetables.-Beans, kidney, id. to Jd. jar lb , boot, Od. to is. por dozen bunches ; bouquets/ Os. to Os. por dozen ; cabbages, 4d. to Is. Der dozen : carrots, Od. to Is. per dozen bunches ; cauliflowers, 4s. to 12s per dozen ; celery, Os. to 9s. per dozen bunches ; »iter-cross, 9d. do. ; cucumbers, 8d. to6d.perdozan ; borfcmdisti, Is. Od. to 2s Od. per dozen sticks ; leek;, Is per dozen bunohes ; lottuco, Od. to lOd. per dozan ; marjoram and mint, Is. por dozen bitnches; onion« (dried), 20s per cwt. ; do. (groon), Od. to 1B. per doze i bunches ; parsloy, Od. to Is do. ; parsnips. Is. to Is. fxl do ; peas, 3d. por lb ; potatoes, 6s. Od. to 7s. par c»t ; do. young, ljd, t> 2d. ; pumpkins, 4s. to Sa. pa- ddon ; radish, 3d. to Od. per dozed bunches; rhubarb. Is to 2a. do. ;' sago, Is. do. ; spinach, ljd. jriar 1b , thyme, Is. per dozen bunches ; turnips, ,4d. ? to Od. do.; tomatoes, Id. per lu.; vogotab.o ' Barrows, 1«. to 1B Od. nor dozen. Fruits.-Apjjles, ' 8<1\. to 4jd. per lb. ; figs, 2d. to 8d. por dozen ; grapes, Od. to lOd. per lb. ; water melons, 1B. to 2s: 01. per dozen; rock melons, 2a. Ga. to 4s. do. ; pefora, Sd to Cd. per lb. ; strawberries, 2s. per lb. ; quirico i, 1 2d.to2Jtl. per lb. Dairy Produce.-But,tor, Is. 4d. to Is Od. por lb. ; ducks, 5s, per pair; eggs, 2s. Oil. ; to 2& Od per dozen ; goose, 8s.1 to 12s. per pair ; lieu«, i j Ss 6d. to Í». per pair; honey, Is. per lb f plgoons, '( It, M per pair ; pork, Od. per lb. ; rabbits, 3s. ta Ss fjd per pair; sucking plgs,_108. each; turkey j, is. each. ,, WOOL, TALLOW, IAND HIDES.-Messrs,' 3. H. Clough. 4 j and Co. roßort :-." Wool.-Tho only auction silo of ' the m nthjook placo ou the lOtli lost;, when a ion-ill «atalogue, amounting to about 800 bafoä, prinoirA.ll 7 iwlgiiments from Now, Zealand, was submittoJ. Although the bidding for some, of tbo very euiill rreisy lots was spirited, and fair prices wjrq obtniSad, 1 ti» post bulk of tho catalogue was withdrawn-the» . ' prices fixed by owners being materially in oxcess of «hat purchasers wore disposed to e« to, Notwlth , standing the depressing Hows convoyed por Madras, of Hie closing prloea In tho London market ill robmary¿fcho ~. raliB rullnfj here aro certainly not below those wHio*! , the decllnewould necessarily produce, and tho parcel-» , ; «Web hato from week to wook boon pUcod prjvatfely I bsie realised prices which, under tho clrcumstaneoj, » t aie satlalactjory to the producer. Wo hwo been anl \- i tied to quote tho following as ourront rates durlnf { ' the last fortnight for fair samples of therespeotlva i i classes ¡-Greasy, from 8d. t6 lid. ; Iisiul-wsahoJ. h tromlSd tb 160. ; and ilcoce; from lfid. to 20Jd. par 5 * lo No fresh lots aro coming forrard, and tbo eoosoi» j. , may now bo said to hayo fairly closed, and'?stock» I f cleared. The greater proportion of tho shipmonr» I ] during tho month havobeen mode on owners'accoujp.1;. f-,1 The Customs clearances have boon as follow for th> Fi ¡»«Mnding^lBtMircli, 621,0901b., value £65,023 ; I ffltb March, 28,0051b., £2,030 ; 4th April, D04,72»fb , f I £4'188: lnh APr". 8,6001b., £730; 18th April, i ; 222,7011b, £16,003, Total, l,77fi,;75ib., £148,271. - * > AiMprotlousahipmonta, from 20th Sóptombor, 1832, J t? llth March, 1863,10,040,0741b , valild' £1,326,803. ,i T'W, 18,424,2101b., va'ue £1,474,184.' Tho followmr ? 3 «¡Ipi bato cleared with uool sinoo our list, viz . f ¡ otu March. Swlftsuro, ,1,550 bales ; 1st April, Mara. 1 ST! M10 ,WCV i15th Al»* LMeolrishii p, 810 balli ; , ,' 22nd April/ Olondowor, 1,690 .baloi. Total, 5,011 » bales. A conBideriblo amount iof intoroat ha» boan , , c rated by tho arrltal, por Madras, or Mr. Dutfield f That gentleman aiuiouiices thoshlpmont of 660 «1 , r»casi which aro conslgnod to 'us, »rtd which ¿re» txpccteeltonrrlvo-ln about six wool». Twenty-üvi per «¡st. of ihem are puro whlto. ' Tholranfval U »iiilously watchod for. Tallow.-This market tía* been In a condition of almdjt completo Inaction dunn g , »Ho mooth. JVo havo liad scarcoli any transactions t > »liort, and. tho small, éblpments which have taken. Tiaco bate boon almost exelualvely on owners'»2 ' ^"Su0 fflw «xcentlons'being« »m»ll l>»reel or tw5 , »hieb hate changed hands, for candle nianufocturíhí parpei OB. hore and In tho sister colonies. It is éx . rected Urnt In oonsoquonco or the declino In ¿ho b< ruo market prices will ylold stlU firthor. Oxr présent quotations are as follow:-ror hoof, frefm, I. .. £35J for mlxod. 'rom £30 to £38^, ali I it r inutjon, from £39 to £42 per ton. Tho ahlpmolt i w the month have booh :-March 28, Sw lftsure, 'T» : oaks ; April 15, Lincolnshire, 102 do. ; April J «lcndower,.232 do. -Tota],-Ett càsko. noes. mi ^n *î*'n subatded. Medium parcolsof hides w4rc> A "iï/îî'y '?th0 «nonth at about Os 6d. ; and wo haVo Mr,T i ,T«.. T» »«"usuro, ou mues; Apruji, . 2vl?S'^i'!?2 d0- JADrU 22, Glendower, 16,042 ck -, ?*,j.S0>í°|,hldM-" McssrsTß. GoIelsbroiighAnd ii ooí~. wool--Sloes our report -per Northam, bo. J ¡m nf hut month, t^horo hu net boon muol» biisl- i , ,'?,* ln wool-almost the only lo's coming for >?» ii tclng r-mall cotiplinmen'i from Noiy ZoaUnl. , i Ci ly one auotinn sale has been held, which Jock piara j at eur warehouses on tho 16th Injt, when 805 hales vreie catalogued. Tho late news from England of tho decline »hieb had taken placo at tho J-iraary and Varch sales In London had a depressing effect'on ii'ccs, and a considerable portion woo withdrawn or j lougtit in, owners not feeling- Inclined to submit to a. Kdutuon, whilst, on the other hand, buyer« were de- j iinnlned not to exceed their limits. After ¡ the nie, howovtr, sovoral Bmall clips wero placed i tt trices quite equal to thoso obtain'- tor tlio lots (cid at auctbn, making the total quantity disposed cf about £00 balor. Prices obtained we considerabout j«1, fer lb. lower than thoso current last month. Tho U Hewing ships have cleared sinca our last summary T lib wool on board :-March 28, Swiftsure, for London, ' 3,666 bales ; April 1, Moravian, for London, 1,919 1 rles ; April 16, Lincolnshire-, for London. 8i0 bales ; /pill 22, Glendowor, for London, 1,690 bales-5,904 laics, Provlous shipments, 70,0 0 biles. Total ship n tnls, October 26,1802, to date, 82,5:3 talcs. Prices Current:-Greasy-Inforior to ordinary, 7d, to8d.;do., < rdir.ary to average, SJd. to lOd. ; do., good to supc ilor, lOjd. to Is. ojd. : Fleece- Inforior to ordinary. IF. 2d. to la. 4d. ; do., ordinary to autngo, Is. 6 io Is. 7d. ; do., good to superior, Is. Od. to 2s. Id. ; iccured, ordinary, Is. ii. to Is. 7d. ; do., good, Is. 8d. to Is. lOd. ; do., superior, 2s. to 2s. 3d. Bides.-No alteration in tho market nineo our lost report. The lulkcf tho lots coming In are shipped to the home »siket on curcrs' account, the offers of buyers for il liment being under cost. Tho Glendower, vMehi c'uicd on tho 22nd In« t., takes about 10,000 bides, which quantity has almost cleared tho market. Tal- low.-During the past month we bavo bad a botter in- quiry , and havo effected sales of several parcels at the following ratos:-Beef,£83 to £85 per Ion; mixed, .34 to £36 do. ; mutton, £39 to £41 do. Clearances "c-Swlftsuro, GO casks ; Glendower, 232 casks." I Lim STOCK.-MIBSTS. Dalmahoy 'Csmpboll atdCo. furnish the subjoined markot report :-" Fat Cattle. Olils week a moderato supply, amounting to 1,060 1 e ad, carno forward. Of these the largest portion and ti e plainest quality were forward on Monday,, and tubers being thon uncertain as to the cumber ox l.teted, were not so spiritod in their biddings. Sale en that day were oßected without any Improvement iii ) i lees. On tho following: day the remainder of ti etc to hand passed the hammer at an advance of f re m 10s. to 16s. per head, closing; tho market for the vtik at tho improvement mentioned. Wo quoto best lulletka from £710s. to £8 7s, 0 do., £6 to £6 10s. ; Inferior do.. £8 to £410s. ; best HUB, from £0 to £710s. ; Bccontf quality do., £410s. to £5 10s. ; Inferior do., £2 6B. to £2 l61. One» .uiy good lot on Tuesday averaged -17 10s, for lullocks, and £7 for cows. Fat Sheep.-A full ti pply, viz., 8,003, como forward ; a largo portion entiese wero of very useful quality, and, tonsldeiing the large number of sheep sold to tlio trudo los", vvock, the market opened very satisf ictorlly, and t\ 1th a good attendance of buyers. Sales were effected almost to the tloEO of tho market at fully last week's »tes, A . pirtlon of a. very heavy prime c!r>ft, from the west- ward, brought from 17s. to 17s. Gd., and a fow p'cked 38s. to 22s. Wo quoto primo quality notliorn, ordi m ry weights, al from Ila. (k1, to 16s. Gd. ; second do., , lfs. to 18s. Gd. ; inferior, at graziers' prices. Wo havo 1 icld the ren alnder of Mr. Georgo Watson's wether*, furn Tuppal station, the balance of a draft of 2,500, at , Mm 14s. Gd. to 15s. ; and 211 of Mr. D. MThoil's do.,,I 1114s. Gd. Fat Calves.-A moderato supply, viz., 07 lead, came forward. Fair prices wore obiajned for ' all qualities. Wo quoto best from SOs to 46s. ; second «!o.,frem 20s. toSOB, Wo have sold twenty hoad at 1 c.uotttion-" j BoiiBES.-Messrs. Vf. C. Yuille and Co gives tho following report :-" The market this week has bea- uly Ecantily supplied with horses ol ever j description, 1 fiw sales of any consequence having taken place. The , demand for useful animals for both hack and harness , j.urroscs, still increases, not only for tho home, but ?fir iho Kew Zealand market." , LABOUR MAHKHT.-Tho demand ha» teen generally | l'plit. Femalo sériants with respectablorcfuiencoi as ' to ability nnd character arc in fnJr Inqulrj- ; tut for II allied couples, farming men, or teal* di mettles, iu- . Sully has beon unusually light. Thcrohoa been soma J imand for ploughmen, but tho rates of vages offered ] have been so far below tho current prices as to meet f encrai refusal; tho seasonable raine, which hive, lev. ever, some« hat unexpectedly set in I his alton, oon, will, no doubt, cr cuto cn improved demand for all de fciiptions of servants for the country. SEAMEN'S WAOEB aro unaltered, and still remain as £4 per month for all voyages. Hands aro about equal to the inquiry, but the demand is moderato, and rates are, consequently, likely to remain without alteration. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. B., British : 'A-, American ; Au., Austi lan ; D.i., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch , Chilian ; P., | Pprtugucso ; II., Hamburg; N., Norwegian; S., i Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Bolg., i Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian; K.,R__i-i ; t.,ship; b., barque; br., brig; so, sehoonor; st., eteamcr.] ' March ARRIVED. SO Wilhelm inc, Da. b, 287, D. Stallkncckt, Mauritius i -Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. ' 26\. Jeannie Oswald, B. b., 324, J. Gascoyne, Sourabaya. \- Young and Martin. SO ,Creat Tasmania, B s, 2,108, M. flynn, Liverpool. -Bright Brothore and Co. S7. 'Aallotar, K, s., 760, - Bcrgerstrom, Qotlienburg. Joshua Brothers 27\. Lady Melville, B s, 900, II. Gimblott, London. W. P. Whlto aid Co. 28 Gladiator, A. b., 060, E. Matthows, Kow York. -B. Towns ard Co. ' 1 81\. Si>mucl Appleton, A. s., 781, J. Osgood, Otago - Fisher. Ricards, and Co. ¡ Arril Î. Indiana, A. a, 007, C. B. Hobson, Otago.-Cap- * 'tain i Î. Tornado, B. s , 1,720, S. /Underwood, Liverpool_ Bright Brothers and Co. 2\. Australia, S. s, 007, O. F. Wallender, Gothenburg. -Joshua Brothers and Co. 2\. Matilda Ath-lug, B s, 070, T. Power, Liverpool. -Lorimer, Marwood, ard Co. 2\. (¡uildfaxo, N. s., COO, J. N. Boyo, Sodorham. Joshua Brothers. 2\. Kuiderdyk, D. b., 027, D. Zwanoniberg, Itottcr da-n -E Mullendoiff. 2\. Bao r, B. B., 742, J. B Kennedy, Calcutta. Joaliua Brothers. / 2\. La« rv nee, B. b, SOO, It. Salmon, Mauritius -. -'Culloch, Sellar, and Co. 2\. Independence, A, B.827, N. Crowoll, Hong Kong. -Korg Meng and Co. 2\. Eleonore, S. br., 189, J. A. Broeokman, Batavia. -Melcl ior and Co. 8\. Great Britain, B. st., 8,600, J. Gray, Liverpool. Bright Brothers and Co. 3\. Iden, B. b., 312, T. London', Mauritius.-M'Cul loili, Sollar, and Co. 8\. General Mcstln, F< b., 313, E. Pamel, Oliarcntc. Bligh and Harbottlo. 3 Clara, A. s., 822, G. G. Wells, Gothonhurg.-Gibbs, Donald, and Co. 4\. Chovirlugee, B. a., 806, S. Dixon, London.-Vi. Crosby and Co. . t. Kent, JJ. s., 090, M. T. Clayton, London.-W. P. White and Co, 7\. Winifred, B. s, 1,860, W. Sargeant, London. Bright Brothers and Co. « 8\. Australian, B s, 801, P. Leigh, Manilla.-A. Woolley, Nephew, and Co. 8\. Whlto lioso, B. B., 1,103, W. M. Wilson, London. -Holmes, Whlto, and Co. 8\. Anglesoy, B. s, 1,100, M. II. Smith, London.-W. P White and Co. & Ocean Brido, A. b., 201, E. H. Colo, Otago. Osborn, Cushlng, and Co. 8\. Formosa, B. b, 880, W. Lowrie, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. ' 8 Vcloro, ¥. s., 470, L Didier, Otago.-Captain. 8\. Solway, B. 8.. 040, W. H. Duguid, Otago.-Bright Brothers and Co. 8 bnvjr, B. se, 220, J. M. Bummers, Singapore. Haege and Prell, 11\. Southern Cross, B. s., 625, H. Ii Brown, New- ell'tie -E. Harrison. 1% Ilonigby, D. b., 600, J. Vandor Valk, Rotterdam. Gibbs and Co. 14\. Madras, B. st, COO, J. B, Stead1, Point de Galle_ Jl Sparkes. 14\. Ceylon, A. s ,098, L. 0. Sampson, Otago.-Dodd and Thomson. < . 16\. .outlier- Empire, B. s., 1,634, T. Beeves,1 Liver- pool.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. < i ' 17\. Dolden Horn, B. s., 1,114, J. F. Rice, London. Michaelis, Bojd, and Co. ' ¡ . i 37\. Boyal Saxon, B s., 1,109, G. P. Brown, Liverpool. -¿Oppenheim and Co. i ' 17\. Thooda, A. b., 700, J, Bowal], Otago -Captain.' 19\. Joshua Bates, B. s., 600, H. E. Walker, Otago. W. Bcavor 19\. Salttcia, A. b., 461, P. Poterson, Otago.-Fisher, Rlcardi, and Co. 28\. Lansdowne, B. s., 716, S. Toovoy, Port Lyttelton. -Smith, Strachan, and Co. 23\. Macassar, H. b., 406, F^. O. E. Böhm, Homburg. \- Haege and Prell. 2?. Tallos, Br. b., Puget Sound. Hail h CLEARED OUT. . 28, Morning Light, B s, 2.877, J. Glll'es, Bombay. Ltrimcr, Marwood, and Co. 1 ' 20\. Ecliptic, B. b, 860, F. Lo Boucf, Newcastle. Joshua Brothers, ii i . 28\. Northam, B.'st., 906, J. A, Collett, Point do Gallç.-3. Sparkes. - n t . 27\. Bioderode, D t., 600, L Jiruynicl, Baker's Island. -Clevo Brothers and Co. S _ -W. P. White and Co. ÍC. Gladiator, A. 6, 019, E, Matthews, Otago.-R. Iowna and Co, 31\. Express, Pr. se, 106, H. Sclmker, Petrotauloskoi. -Fanning and Co. 91, Merrie Monarch, B s, 1,300, J. Ihomaa, Callao. Bright Brothers and Co. 81\. NorT Wester, A. s, 1,268, J. Crocker, Singapore. Wilkinson iiroihcrs and Go. April I 1 Moravian, B. s., 067, W. Edwards, London.-Dal Bety and Co. etty Perlbach. II. b., 31«, W. II. Blahn, Wel- lington.- S. Rakowskl. i? * 2\. Kate Bw anton, B. b., 685, A. Murdoch, Sydney. Kong Meng and Co. 2 Young England, B. s., 1,017, W. A Smith, Guam. -Bright Brothers and Co. , 2\. Aurífera, B. b., 430, W. Gay, Calcutta.-5am.eB Orkney. ', 2\. HUBsar, A. s, 750, W. H. Howland, Otago. Hansen and Boyd. 2\. Camperdown, B t.. 946, O. Hodder, Madras.-. Holmes, White, and Co. i l __ Indiaman, S. s, 809, E. G. Edclsfeldt, Callao. Dalgoty and Co. *~ 7\. Ivanhoe, B. s., 1,034, L. T. Fillan, Point de Galle. -Bright Brothers and Co. i 9\. Sunrise, B. b, 267, D. Bcod, Guam.-WRliam Buthle. 11 Koh-i-noor, B. b., 803, X. Wilson, Nowcastlo.-J, HèntyandCo. 11 Quickstep, A. b, 600, J. Dudley, Annalaboo. Gibbs, Ronald, and Co. 13\. Samuel Appleton, A s., J. Osgood, Singapore. Fisher, Hicards, and Co- , li. Msdnw, B. st, 600, J. B, Stead, Sydney.-J. li. thor. S. s , 040, E. L Pipping, Callao.-fright Brothers and Co, 1». Eliza Corry, B b, 210, B* Slater, Guam -W1. G. Dredge. ? )6. Llncolnblilro, B. s., 1,025, E. Cbarloton. London. W. P. White and Co. ". If. Zoboah, B. a., 1,806, E. Powell, Bombay. -jLorl mer, Marwood, and Co. 17\. Formosa, B. b ,880, J, Seaton, Mauritius.-Joshua Brother*, i I IT rolv.nv, P. .»., 010, W. II. Duguid, Newcastle. Br ght Brothers and Co. 20\. Fhllaneme, P. b, 410, N. Pousf oin", Calcutta.-O. H Tondeur and Co. .' £2. Glendower, B a, 1,172, E. Duncan, London.-» Michaelis, Boyd, and Co. Ï4. Chomplon,- A t, 1.024. J. A. Bojdcn, Balcer"» Maid.-Fisher, Ulckarcls, and Co. SI. Eater, B. s, 742, J. B. Kennedy, Calcutta_ Joshua Brothers PASSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND BY, AND SINCE THE DEPARTURE OF, THE MARCH MAIL. MáltCII 20. Northam, K.M.8 S, for Point do Calle Mr. and Sirs Badcock, Messrs M'Nelll, Spiers, and Fond, for Suez ; Mr. A. Joske, for Alexandria ; Mr. and Mrs. V hite, end Mr. Hodgson, for Marseilles, Mr. and Mrs. Patterson and family, Mr. Mason, and Lieutenant Brooker, B N., for Southampton. - i I MARCU128. I Bwiftsure, for London. Cabin: Mr. and Mrs. . Farrar. Mrs. Thomson, family, and servant ; Mrs. ind Miss Walker, Dr Sawyer, Master Bennison, Mr. (id Mrs. Mackie, Messrs Wilkinson, Douglass, Heitl, lsffln, G. White, Cray, Allerton, anti J. S Henty. A ran, 2. j Moravian, ship, for London. Cabin : Mr. and Mrs. ] *W. II. Gatty Jones and family, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Horton and famllt, Mr and Mrs. Pyno and family, Mr. und Mrs J. Fielding, Mr. and Mrs E. Montray, Miss rickards, Messrs. E Blair, Lu Ruddock, - Edwards, lind - Iredisou. Amil, 15. ' Lincolnshire, for London. Cabin : Mr and Mrs. Chonery, family, and threo servants , Miss Atkins, Miss Tarran, Mrs. Evans, Mis. Spiors, child, and servant ; Mr., Mre , and Miss Hosie ; Master Choyno, Rev. A. Bepg, Messrs. Mattliows, Power, Hepburn, Cleary, Christie, Lynch, Alison, and White. ' Al ititi 22. Glendower, for London. Cabin ' Mr, and Mrs. Sarum, Mrs. Iflla and threo children, Mrs. Knox, Misi O'sullivan, Mr. and Mrs. Ankorsen, and two children ; < nptain Buchanan, Messrs. J. Lavindol, J. Sparrow, AUnian, Waring, 0. Harris, E HarrlB, and Mon cltlBon. | , EXPORTS At the Port of Melbourne from the 16th March to the 18th April 1868, com- pared with the corresponding period of 1862. - Values. Quantities. 1802 1868. 1SS2 ¿80S. Agricultural im- & & plements Alkali-Soda, tons 302 1,580 766 IU 64 8 Apparel and slops 6,270 5,232 Antimony oro, tons 800 ~35 Arms and ammu- nition 877 235 H mm. Arrowroot, lb. .. 176 117 0,832 8,853 B;4.t and sacks .. 861 1,622 - Bark, tons - 2,477 mm ~02 Beer 1 Bottled, gals. .. 8,761 1,046 17,712 6,011 Pnught, do .. 8,106 1,774 23,230 10,500 Ulai ult, tons 167 884 14 14 Black sand, do .. 000 1,806 7 23 Bli nkcts and wool lens 1,060 2,831 mm mm. Bones, tons 171 847 49 62 Becks 2,183 4,860 Boots arid shoes.. 6,221 7,600 _ M Iii an, bushels .. 84 72 600 850 Blicks, No. 20 so 7,000 . 12,000 Binshttaro 114 118 Building materials 1,040 1,806 - mW* lutter, tons 43 7,600 8 60 Candles, do. 1,278 2,018 16 82 Camas 1,684 Carpeting.. 108 176 mm M CarnngoB,carts,&c; 1,101 3,482 - -_ Casks, empty .. 126 112 Ccrront, tons . 10 43 2 12 Cb esc, tons 60 1,801 -. 20 Chicory .. \- 1 898 - ^ Clih aware 200 115 Coals, tons 24 20 8 8 Cocoa and choco- late, lb. 0 85 202 8,131 Coir libro 20 Ccffco 337 3,407 - -. Confectionery Copper, tons Ccpperwaro and trassworo Ccrdagc, tons Cerks Cottons .. Cutlery .. Bi apery .. Brugs BrutgiBtB' ware. Etrthenwaro Fancy goods Fish Eallcd, tons . PrcBcrvod Flour, tons Fruit Dried .. Oreen, bUBhcls Fumituro,. Class Bottles .. ríate .. Window Glassware.. Co'il, ounces Grain Bailey, bushels Maize, do. Malt, .. Oats, do. Blco Wheat, do. Grindery .. Cunno, tons Cum Ealcrdnshcry Bilr. cwt... Bardware and ironmongery .. Hats and caps .. Hay, tons.. Bides, No. Hoflowaro Berns and hoofs.. Bcps, lb ".. Euiery .. Houses leo.tons .. Inulambbcr goods Ii stromente Musical.. identifie lion, tops Jewellery.. Kaolin, tons lead, tons leather, do. leather« are lime, bushels linen lit c Btoek Cattle, No. Horses, do. Sheep, do. Poultry.. Machinery JInrblo .. ILatchosandvesteta lints mid rugs .. Heal-Oat, tons.. Corn do. ïlçtal, yellow, do Wlllncry .. Mt'lssses .. I-nils and scrows, tora luit» Cars CUB, gsl. .. , Cllelcth Oilmen's stores .. Opium Onions, tons Faints Paintings and en- gravings Papcrhangings .. Peiftnicry Photographic ( goods a ' .1 Fitch and tar Tipce-Tobacco Plants; and seeds Finte and plated ware FotatocB, tons Preserves .. Printing materials Fre/vislons- , Preserved , Salted, tons Qulcisilvoi KegH, tons ... Ballway materials Bcsln Bnddlcry ..i '.. Sago, lb. Salt, tons r. El liJChandlery .. Silks .. 1 .. Skin. Bia'cb, No. St ipi tons'» i. Si celo .. n. íteumcnsofNatu niHHtitory^. Epclter, toils Spices J. .. El irits Brandy .. .. . Cordials Oil) , .. ?. Of ¡Hirió.. Perfumed Kum -Whiskey Undcbcnhed .. El areli and bluo .. Stationery Steel, ton's Sti ncwaro Butrr Moa, tons 140 10,160 110 2,867 20,704 1,717 647 4,000 778 409,840 13,101 7,822 á,178 2,610 100 4,010 10,066 61 054 281 261 204 75,209 2,002 050 441 8,607 1,401 7,007 2,476 1 2,676 \- - 40 1,230 505,840 707 215 2,334 00 15,886 578 606 14,840 84 241 1,042 406 260 340 111 2,082 2,830 S40 E00 4,060 20 116,036 3.Ï00 40,022 0,211 100 2,620 2,070 134,677 2,500 7T640 7t 21,200 11,602 tor lea Ti r ts and p.u'ins .. limber .. Tin.j .. Tu varo '.. Tibacco .. Cigars .. suiin .. Tobacconists' wara Teolsiand utensils Toys and turnery Turp|nt!no and Mimlsh, gals. .. Tv tup and thread, Vbielnr, gals. .. Watches & clocks 1 tUno , sToodenwnro j Worl, lb . t Zinc,uns I Viiciouribcii ..i 1,015 I 1,810 '1 1 078 114 J41 100 110 677 400 I 768 D4,!23 '0,188 2,020 0,236 7,188 161 141 188 804 1,866 76 l8 6,007 2,834 3,015 200 720 140 214 102 55 400 874 105 70 2,710 6,740 1,020 804 612 1,165 278 2,687 1,780 24,383 12,001 214 5,100 13,713 868 45,020 -¡T04 2,200 235 15,194 102 8,BS2 11 l63 , SS ' 454 2,187 514 148 2,019 ,180 , -187 11,760 4,008 28,821 " l,i 2,007 n 108 27,168 6,257 160 110 2,616 86 185 23 177 640 8,403 457 66,046 148,271 1E0 708 1.J77 2,118 83,260 74 580,044 70 174 1,090 