SUMMARY EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. We are again in a Ministerial crisis. On. Friday last, after a short debate, in which only three members spoke, Ministers were defeated in the Legis- lative Assembly by forty-two to twenty six, on a resolution submitted by Mr. Duffy, preliminary to the introduc- tion of his bill to amend the Land Act of 1862. On Monday last Mr. O'Shanassy tendered to His Excel- lency his own resignation and that of his colleagues. On the same day, Mr. M'Culloch (Treasurer in Mr. Nicholson's Ministry)—the head of the firm of M'Culloch, Sellar, and Co.— was sent for, and accepted a commission to form an Administration. On Tues- day both Houses of Parliament ad- journed for a week, to enable the hon. member to make his arrangements ; and he is now negotiating with members on both sides, supporters as well as op- ponents of the late Government. He has stated to tho House that he believes ho will succeed, and that he will be able to announce on Tuesday next the names of tlie members of the new Ministry. This event was entirely unexpected when the May mail was despatched. Its immediate occasion was not then even in the contemplation of Ministers them- selves. Tho Opposition, however, had long been intriguing to bring about a trial of strength before the close of the session, on some question which should delach from tho Ministerial side a por- tion of its supporters. 'Ihe policy of the measures submitted during tho session favoured the expecta- tions of the lcadeis of the Opposition, and the events of the session had slowly but surely increased the number of the opponents of tho Government. The Electoral Act Amendment Bill was the first racasuro which evoked a feeling of hostility. The avowed object of the bill was to euro some of the more glaring defects of tlie existing system of registration, and to make personation at elections moio difficult, if not ini possible. It substituted an entirely different system of nomination for that which pxiBts, placed restrictions on sham candidates at elections, imposed a test of an educational character where the elector did not voto in right of property, and took securities against the appear- ance of votéis in fictitious names, or in the names of other electors whose names stood on the roll. As these provisions of the bill became better known, through tho discussions in committee, the democratic members of the Assembly became more and moro alarmed at its Conservative tendency. The Local Government Bill, and the Bill to amend the laws relating to Municipal Institutions, which follo\y;ed, did not lesson this feeling, as they intro- duced a pro2>ertyqualification forrnembers of local boards and councils, a rating qua- lification for voters, and plurality of votes. 'While these important and de sitable measures were in progress, and this was the state of feeling with which they were received, tho Newspaper " Gagging " Bill'was introduced-only to bo received with such disfavour as to occasion its early abandonment, and .the alienation of some of the followers of jits promoters. This was the state of matters, and the strength of the two parties in the House had become moro nearly equal than it was earlier in the session, when the result of tho awards by the arbitrators appointed to assess the value of the pas- toral runs was announced by Mr. Duffy. Ministers anticipated that a larger revenue would be derived from the pas- toral tenants under an assessment fof tho grazing capacities of their holdings than under the bid svstem of assess than under the bid system of assess- ment of stock on sworn returns made-iiy tho tenants themselves. Tho Treasurer based his calculations for tho year an increased revenuo from that source, and a special clause was inserted in tho Land Act' providing that the rents to be paid under tho system of assessing tho grazing capa- cities should not fall below the amount paid in 1861. The arbitrators, how- ever, proceeded to hear evidence, and returned assessments which in many cases made tho rents payable hy the squatters less than was paid in 1861, and in all less than Mr. Duffy's esti- mate. In theso circumstances, Ministers, instead of setting aside the awards only in those cases in which tho arbitrators can be shown to havo acted illegally, resolved to revert to tho old system of assessment, and tho usual preliminary notice of motion for tho consideration of resolutions in committee, imposing a rate of assessment of stock, was given by Mr. Duffy on Wednesday, tlie 1 Oth inst. It was held on the other side, however, that the arbitrations' having been made as provided for by the Land Act, it was breach of faith witli tho pasttjräl tenants to abandon them. Mr. M'Cul loch announced his intention to oppose Ministers on that subject in all "its stages. Mr. Mollison insisted that reasons should he given by the Minister of Lands for the abandonment of Iris own proposi- tion. Tho Opposition took part with the objections raised,' and the result -was that a motion for the adjournment of the debate was earned by a majority of fourteen, the numbers being thirty-six to twenty-two. Mr. Duffy named Friday last for the resumption of the discussion, and on that day ho renewed his motion, prefacing it with an elaborate speech, witli tho result already stated. It is by many regretted that Ministers have seen fit to adliero to tho policy "of tho Minister of Lands iuthis matter. If the arbitrators wore not put in possession of sufficient evidence, on the part of the Crown, to combat that brought forward-by the appellants against the assessments^ posed by the department, the fault was that of the Minister. Ho urged that tho expense would have exceeded the whole income from leased Crown lands. But the arbitrations once made, it is clear that their abandonment by the Go- vernment was an undoubted hardship and grievance to the whole body of pastoral tenants of the Crown. Mr. M'Ciclloch's Administration will find on its entrance into office difficulties heaped upon it, financial and otherwise, which will require an experienced and strong Government to overcome. Jost when it waa expected that the long Parliamentary session was about to come to a natural and orthodox end, a storm has burst over the heads of the O'shanassy Administra- tion, tfeo result of which has 'been to bring their labours to a premature close. For a month past it has been known that the Cabinet wero in difficulties, and tho rock ahead was tho bill to amend the Land Act passed lost session. The result of the arbi- trations undertaken under that act were nn exrweitPrllv iiTlfievnlirnhlA *n It... flnvammi expectedly unfavourable to the Government, and it was deemed advisablo by them to attempt a return to the rental of 1861 On a motion for going into committee to consider a resolution having that object in view the Ministry wero de- feated, last Friday night, by a majority of forty-two to twenty-bix, a number of their usual supporters having voted in the Opposi- tion ranks, whilo several of them were absent from the division altogether. The only speakers on Friday were the Minister of Landa (Mr. Duffy), who made an elaborate defence of tho course proposed to bo adopted by his colleagues and himself; Mr. Snodgrass, tho member for Dalhousie ; and Mr. J. H Brooke, memoer for Geelong West. On the motion of tho Chief Secretary (Mr. O'sha- nassy), the Houso adjourned Immediately after the result of tbo division was made known. Tho members of the Cabinet met on Sunday afternoon, to consider the steps to bo taken in the emergency, and tho same evening it was understood that they bad made up their minds to resign offico. Their resignation was tonderod to His Excellency on the follow- ing day, and was accepted^ no advico being given by Mr. O'shanassy as to who should be sent for. SirHenry Barkly, acting on his own responsibility, invited Mr. M'Culloch to under- take the task of forming an Administration, and that gentleman accepted the commission. These facts were anuounced in tho Assembly on Tuesday ; and, at the request of Mr M'Culloch, na adjournment for a weok was agreed to, to givo him time lo complete his plans., In the faco of this ciisis, it is almost unnecessary to speak of the legis- lation of tho paBt month, because with tho fallen Ministry go tho measures which they have b en instrumental in passing, and several of which have not yet become law. It will bo remembert-el that the fracas be- tween the Minister of JtiBticcaud ouc of tho members for South Bourke (Mr. L. L. Smith) was followed by tho withdrawal of the latter from the Assembly, and a fresh appeal to his constituents. He was opposed by Mr. Richard M'Clure, a gentleman who was a candidato for the Beat at the last general election. The cry with which Mr. Smith appealed to his constituents, that of " The Ministry v. L. L. Smith," found favour in the eyes of tho " wild wood carters of Nuna- wading, and ho was returned by a consider wading," and ho was leturned by a consider- able majority. Thoro has also been within the month an olection in connexion with the Council. The retirement of Mr. J. B Bennett rendered vacant the representation of the Southern Province. There were two candi- dates for the seat, namely, Mr. J. P. Bear and Mr, Patrick O'Brien, a member of the Council in former days. The former was elected by a large majority. The anniversary of the Queen's birthday was celebrated with great enthusiasm in and around Melbourne, as well as in other parts e-f the colony ; but, as in the caso of the re- joicings consequent on tho marriage of tho Prince of Wales and his Dauish bride, wo were most unfortunate as regards the weather. Heavy showers of rain fell throughout tho day, und the prospect out of doors was dismal ¡n the extreme. It had been intended that a variety of put-door sports shoultl have marked | the joyous occasion, hut tho envious rain pre- vented nearly every attempt of the kind, anti it was not until evening that the clouds cleared sufficiently to render open air enjoy- ment of any description either desirable or possible. Tho night illumination of the city, however, was a decided success, In this re- spect there was no cause for omplaint, tho illumination having been fur more general and brilliant than on the previous Tuesday, when the Royal marriage was celebrated. The Governor, of course, held tho levée and gave the ball customary on such occasions ; and a special featuic of tho former was the appearance of a deputation of fifteen abori- gine?, from the Upper Yarra tribe, who pre s.nted an address to the Governor, to be I transmitted to Her Majesty, accompanied by presents of native implements to the Queen, > the Prince of Wales, and other members of thoKoyal family. The ide* originated solely with the blacks themselves, aud the address was a most characteristic one. A number of addreBses wero also prcsonttd from her British subjects to Her Mojesty and the Prince of Wales, oxpressive of congratulations on the marriage of His lloyal Highness. Taken as a wholo, no previous anniversary , of the birthday has been so generally and so successfully celebrated. It may be mentioned that BtenB are boing taken for tia? presentation of ö bridal gift to tho Princess ot Wales ; and in connexion with the movement, the follow- ing interesting letter was received from one who describes herself as "a little old Dutóli woman." She says :-" I bave seen William V., Prince of Orange. I remember the uetvs I coming to Amsterdam of our good Prince [ taking flight in a fishing-boat to England. I remember the French invasiou, when they crossed tho lthiuo on the ice. I saw Louis Bonaparte and his grand cavalcade the day ho was crownod King of Holland. I re- member him running away to America, aud taking; with hiin the Dutch Crown and treasures ; and many months afterwards tbo hirth of his son, the preptmt Emperor of the | birth of bia son, the preptmt Emperor of the French. In 1800 I lived in Middleburg, and remember well the Waleberen oxpodition. In 1811, in Antwerp, I saw tho Emperor Napo- leon Bonaparte, Maria Louisa, and their in- fant. The Emperor was then about to enter on his Russian cimpaign. In 1814 I was ia Middleberg, when the Prince of Orange re- turned from exile. In 1815 I was in Ostend, and saw Louis XVIII. going to grand mass two hours before his flight to England. I saw tho English troops pass on to Waterloo-and of tho Scotch and Hanoverians who passed through O.-tend to that great battle few re- turned. I waB in London when Queen Vic- toria wus proclaimed ; and now in Melbourne I havo seen.the rejoicings over the marriage of her son. That the Queen may live many years in peace and happiness is the wish of Janet Monzer, a little old Dutch woman, nigh eighty-ii ve years of age." It would Beem that the issue of The Times newspaper on the day succeeding the murringo of tho Prince of Woles exceeded 100,000 copies. It may not bo without interest to state, by way of affording some statistical gauge to Victorian curiosity on the subject, that tho story of our rejoicings was scattered broadcast over the country in some 34,000 and odd copies of The Argus.; Our homo readers will be aware by this time that wo are about to witness the depar- ture of tho present and tho arrival of a now Governor. By the la«t mail tho intelligence was received that His Graco the Duke of Newcastle had seen fit to reliove Híb Ex- cellency of his dallo« here, and to removo him to tho Governorship of tho Mauritius, his successor being Sir Charles Henry Darling, lately. Governor of Jamaica. No official despatch on the subject has ob yet been received, but Sir nenry Barkly haB had a private noto from tbo Duke oí Newcastle, announcing the intended change ; and tbo purport of that communication was laid be- fore tho Assembly by Mr. O'shanassy. His Excellency, therefore, ouiy holds office until the arrival of his successor, and that may bo expected in the course of two or tinco months. The intelligence received from New Zealand from time to time is full of interest. The war spirit is spreading, and both parties ap- pear to bo pretty actively engaged, although on a comparatively small scale. Taught, perhaps, by the experience of the last war, very different tactics are being adopted by the general in command of our forces at Taranaki, and the result so far has been in our favour. Major-general Cameron appears to be equal to the emergency, and is fighting the Maories after their own manner of con- ducting warfare. He has assumed the offensive, and has twice succeeded in sur- prising and defeating bodies of the natives. The recent attack upon and capture at the point of the bayonet of a " pah," in which a number of Maories were killed, with small loss to the assailants, appears to have been a smart engagement, and the party of the 67th engaged acquitted themselves in a manner which called forth the commendation of the commander in-chief. But until the arrival of reinforcements from India, and of the troops now on their way from England, it is not likely that operations of any kind will be attempted on anything like an extensivo scale. Major general Cameron seemingly prefers the plan of encountering the Maories wherever he can fid them in detached parties, and in that manner teaching them the effect of the rifles and bayonets ot his soldiers. The successful attack on the " pah" appears to have surprised the Maories, and to have caused some con- sternation in their ranks. It will be remembered that a select committee of the Assembly was appointed to inquire into certain charges against the late traffic superintendent of the Victorian Railways, Mr. Carruthers. The gravamen of the charge against him was, that he had made an inaccurate return of the goods traffic on the Sandhurst Railway, for presentation to the Assembly, in virtue of a motion for the production of a return as to that traffic, and that he had prevaricated in his evidence on the subject. The committee, after due inquiry into the case, presented a report unfavourable to Mr. Carruthers. That officer was then suspended, and called upon to make a defence. He drew up and submitted a written document in vindication of himsell, which, after having been presented to the Assembly, was referred to the committee, who again met for the purpose of taking the defence into consideration. Their second inquiry, however, only served to support their first, and they presented a further report, confirmatory of that originally submitted. The suspension of Mr. Carruthers has not, therefore, been removed. Tho desirability of establishing a graving dock, in the bay has recently been brought under notice, and steps have been taken to ascertain tho feasibility and the pro- bable expense of such an undertaking. At the instigation of the Commissioner of Public Works, Mr. Wardell has already -pre- pared a scheme for the construction of a dock of tbat kind at Williamstown ; while, in con- nexion with the Hobson's Bay Railway Com- pany, Mr. Morel, a gentleman who has recently arrived in the colony, has submitted a plan for a graving dock in conjunction with tho Sandridge Railway Pier. The report of the first-named gentleman was recently brought under the notice of the Government by a deputation from the Chamber ol Commerce, and the Chief Secretary, who received them, expressed his opinion that the outlay neces- sary for the contraction ol the dock would be sanctioned by the Government and Parlia- ment, if it could be shown that the work would be reproductive. The deputation took leave of the Chief Secretary on the under standing that they were to furnish him with data to enable him to form an opinion upon this point. It may be interesting to note that there have recently been further discoveries of coal in the colony, as well as of an inexhaustible supply of green-stone. It has been found from recent borings in the kinds leased by the Victorian Coal Company at-Cape Paterson, that there ia an additional seam of coal three feet thick running through the company's ground at a depth of 111ft. from the surface. This vein is the thickest and deepest which the company have yet found. From a statement made by Mr. Duffy in the Assembly not long ago, it also appears that Mr. M'Donald, an assistant-surveyor, has found a seam of coal on the road from Mel- bourne to Gipps Land ; the most northern vein of coal yet found in the colony, and a sample of it was laid on the table of the Par- liamentary library. There wera also laid on the table at the same time samples of what is said to be an inexhaustible supply of green- stone from the Geelong district. It is said to be superior to marble for decorative pur- poses, but somewhat difficult to work, and to resemble the verde antique so much valued in England. Lieutenant-Colonel H. H. Farquharson, who held the office of usher of the black rod since its creation in 1850, when the Parlia- ment of Victoria was called into existence, died at his residence in the Parliament House on Monday, the 15th, after a lingering illness. The Council adjourned immediately on meet- ing, on the following day, as a mark of re- spect for the memory of the deceased. Col. Farquharson was in his sixty-eighth year, and had been an officer in the British Army for forty years. He was a brother officer of Gene- ral Sir Edward Macarthur, late acting- governor of the colony, through whose in- fluence he obtained the appointment, which he held till his death. Colonel Farquharson retired from the army with the rank of lieutenant-colonel of the First Royals, and subsequently he held in succession the appointments of barrack- master at Hong Kong, Portobello, Dublin, and Woolwich. There are two candidates for the office rendered vacant by the death of Colonel Farquharson - namely. Lieutenant Amsinck, a member of the Assembly previous to the appeal to the country on the part of the Heales Administration; and Mr. Palmer, at present the sergeant-at-arms of the As- sembly. The Bombay, with the April mails on board, reached the bay on the morning of Tuesday, the 16th, having thus been considerably be- hind time. The delay was not attributable to the Bombay, however, the detention having taken place between Suez aud Galle. Our telegram by way of Adelaide, in anticipation of the steamer, was received on the Sunday night previous, The Northam, with the outgoing mall, sails to morrow at two o'clock. THE WAR IN NEW ZEALAND. The last miil conveyed to England tho particulars of tho massacre of Liout. Tragett, Dr. Hope, and six soldiers of tho 57th Regi- ment, by a party of the natives of Taranaki, ou the 16th of May., This event waa followed by more opon wailike demonstrations on the part of the natives, and within tho last faw days intelligence has been received of a short but bloody conflict between the Queen's treopa and the natives, iu which the latter wero completely defeated; with great loss of life. Immediately after tho murder of Lieutenant Hopo and his companions, the natives of Taranaki determined to commence hostilities, and tho warlike attitude they assumed created great consternation amongst the English settlers, most of whom left their homes and fled to Auckland. The natives procured all the firearms and other weapons of war which they possibly could, and took up a strong position, south of Tataraienakd, on the Katikara stream, where they built three pahs, It is also said that they were re- inforced by 200 or 300 armed Waikatos, the most powerful and warlike tribe in the islands. In the meantime, the 57th Regiment was supplemented by 200 soldiers of the 40th and fifty of the 70th Regiments who were conveyed from Auckland and Ota huhu by H.H. steam sloop EcIipse. On the 4th of June- exactly a month after the murder of Lieut. Hopo and party-an attack was made on the enemy's position. Eveiything had been very properly kept secret, and nothing was known of any intended move- ment until a late luur of the previous night, when the forces, numbering about 450 men, Bilently marched from town, leaving it in the care of the militia and volunteor forces, under Major Mould, U.E. The following is an ac- count of the attack : At about nine p.m. on Wednesday even- ing, eightv-ono of the 05th regiment, under Captain Gresson and Lieuts. Lewis nnd Che- valier ; ninety men of the 40th rogiment, under Lieutenant Hobbs and Ensign Ducrow; 291 men of tho 70th regiment, under Major Mulock, Cjptititis Rutherford, Tovey, Ralston, aud Cay, Lieutenants Huskisson and Grier- son, Eubigus Clarke and Young, and Dr. Micklehau ; also 119 of the Artillery corps, under Captain Mercer, R.A., and Lieutenants Rait and Larcom ; together with L'eutenant Oolouol Gumble, D.Q.G. ; Lleutenant-Oolonel Hutchins, military secretary; Major Paul, Dr. Mount, C.U. ; Captiin Travers, L.T.O. : Major M Neil, A.D.O. ; Captain Gorton, A. U.C. ; Dr. romllnson. DA.O.G. ; Mr. Innes, and Mr. Parris, assistant native secre- tary- the wholo under tho command of Lioutennnt-goneral Cameron, C B.-marched from town by the Great South-road. On reaching the Poloko redoubt the force was joined by a party of tho 67th regiment, under Colonel Mooro, O.B.. Captain Ruhsell, Adjutant Clarke, EuBign Douglass, Dr. Mac- kinnon, anti Quartermaster Martindale j tho detachment of the 40th being left there in garrison, under Lieutenant Hobbs. At Oakura, tho force was joined by a detach- ment of tho 70th, under Captain Tovey, re- maining to garrison that post. Tho troops, ?observing a dead silence, with a party of skir- mishers along the heights, proceeded to Tata raimaka, where they were reinforced hy Lieutenant-colonel Logan, Captain Shoit, Ensign Duncan, and Lieutenant Warburton, R.E., with a detachment of tbo 67th from Oakura, together with Lieutenant Pickard, R.A, and three Armstrong guns, and a detach- ment of the Mounted Artillery, aud Lieutenant Ferguson, R.E., with a sergeant mid six men of the Engineers. The wholo force assembled at St. George's Redoubt, and waited impa- tiently there till daylight. Tho force was then formed in rear of tho redoubt, n» follows : The 67th, including the Tataraimaka detach- ment, under Colonel Warre, ns the advance the Coth and 70th to follow as a support At a quarter- past six am., the forco advanced to the attack, tho course being taken to the left of tho redoubt over Biyly's farm. After marching »bout 400 yards, tho Armstrong battery halted, and waa posted on tho edge of tho ridge oveibanging the Katikara river. Horo'the guns immediately wheeled up, and fired into the nativo redoubt, about 800 yards distant, directly inland, the 67th at tho same time doubling down the valley in single'filo to attack the rifle pitt to the right of the enemy's position. After dashing across the stream, and ascending the opposite height, the advance, under Lieutenants Waller and Brutton, with thoircolonel in command, im- mediately lushed tho rifle pits to the right, and drove the enemy from their position above tho month of the liver, thereby opening up the road to the reserves, which carno rapidly up, while the supporting party under LleutViiauf Colonel Logan, Captains Short and Russell, and Ensigns Manners, Duncan, and Douglass, having been fired upon from tho redoubt, turned to their left, and running overun open spaoo of 300 yards, with fixed bayonets, stormed the place, killing every native found in it. Captain Short with his party, 'and Captain Russell with his, rushed the redoubt almost simultaneously, while Ensign Duncan was coining over at another port Cuptain Short claims to bj first -in, and Colonel Logan, who dismounted his horeejtijtoiitside, went in immediately after. Tho men behaved well, aud nothing could resiBt the impetuosity of the charge. Tho nntiveB we're at once driven into their hola*, where the biyr.net did Its work. On the right, Colonel Wane's party cleared the rifle-pits, and pursued the flying enemy south wards nnd inland, Colonel Warre leading his men through the high ft-rn with conspicuous gallantry-the C5th and 70th coming up in time, by the right of St. George's Redoubt, »nd up totno'Kntiknra Valley, to be of essential service. .The brunt of iho uctiou was borne by the 67th. The general was highly pleased with the gallant manner in which the enemy's positions wero carried, and, we are (old,com plimonted Colonel Wairo and his men em tlln Pivnl- tnllin» fl.n ««1««-! »i.-1--- x on tho sjiot, tolling tbo colonel " ho ought to bo proud to command so fine a regiment: well done 57th." When the Armstrong guns ecused firing (the practice of willoh waa ex- cellent) Lieutenant Rait and a party of tho artillery, with their swords aud revolvers, crosserl the gully and river to the left, to' tiy and intercept the retreat of the eniniy from their redoubt The Maori poeition taken by Colonel Logan's party, in which wero several whnrcs, was fired, anil thtienouiy pur- sued in all directions. Tho bodies of the natives killed (twenty-four in number) were brought to the Tittarsimiika camp in trans- port cart?, nnd soveral persona asked if they could identify any of them. Ouo wus sup- posed to be Tamatl Hone Ornukawa, chief of the Ngarunhiuedivision of Ngiuiruaiiui triix, but it was almost impossible to t>l! ftom the factof one- halfoftbohead having been blown «way by'a sholl, but nono ot-fho others cou'd be identified. Several guns were taker, and a fine taiaha (a chief's spear) and seveial tomahawks are trophies in the katula of tun mon. The swar was sold to au oflicer'for £10. The Eclipso was anchored oil' the K&ti; j;ara Vulley, «nd threw borne shells while the troops were advancing to the attack. A shell from her Armstrong gun was throwu with ad- mirable precision, and the distance judged exjcily. Tho ship lay within a milo of the native redoubt, nnd one shell fell into the centre of it, and killed at least one native, foi a piece cf the fuse wus found in one of the bodies, which Commander Mayne has pre- served. The loss of (ho natives may be safely estimated at about forty killed, and a great number wounded. Another account estimates tho loss at about soventy-five killed. The bodies brought in were only thoso killed in tho redoubt, and ¡tis known that sevend na- tives were shot while retreating. The loss eif tho Queen's troops was one killed, ami about ton wounded, but two of the wounded have since dieel. The following is a list of tho casualties;-57th regimont-Killed, I Private Edward Martin. Wounded, Private H. Shipmitu, mortal, wound in head (since dead). Private J. Osborne, dangerously, wound of abdomen, (oiccodead). Private P. Flaherty, severely, gunshot, shoulder. Private J. Eviins, severely, gunshot, wrist. Private M. Fox, slightly, thumb wounded. Private J. Dongau, slightly, gunshot,- face. Private D. Hurley, slightly, tomahawk, ankle. Private leane Morton, severely, contusion both thighs. Private B. Stackpool, severely, (oiunliu.wir. Private B. Stackpool, severely, lom.ihiiwrc, ullin. 70th Regiment--Wounded, Private W. Wallace, severely, gunshor, elbow. The militia and volunteer have been thanked by the iieut.-goneial, in au order of tho day, for protecting the town und foi- their general zeal and good-will. The latest accounts state that tbo Mutai tawa natives have all gono over en masse to the enemy, and have signifiod their intention to murder the settleie. Unfoitunateiy there is too much reason to fear tliat the war has only commenced. Thu body of Patrick Rogan, the missing man in the Wairiiu beach massacre, has been found huddled in a potato-pit, about 130 yards from the scene of the murder. A party of 300 men, under Colonel Warre, ot the 57th, brought it in for decent burial. THE SEBASTIAN RUSH. A new gold-field has been opened up during the past month, under circumstances of a peculiar character. For the first time, a rush on a large scale has taken place on land alienated from the Crown ;-and, owing to the unsettled state of the law regarding mining on private property, difficulties between the minors and the owner of the land have arisen. About a mouth since, a prospecting party struck gold near Myers' Creek, in the district known as the Whipstick, about fourteen miles from Sandhurst. There was every reason to believe that au important discovery had been made. Thoso who went first obtained ex- cellent returns, and tho rush, to which was given tho name of." Sebastian." soon b[e]gan to assume large dimensions. Operations were commenced upon the assumption that the land belonged to the Crown, but Mr. Hugh Glass stepped forward and claimed the owner- ship of the estate. This gentleman, it seems, acquired the land in 1859, but did nothing with it ; and the fact that it was purchased was only to be ascertained by reference to the official maps. On the 8th of June, the miners at work on the ground were cautioned that the land belonged to Mr. Glass ; and they were requested to meet his agent, Mr. A. Howitt, to learn from him the terms upon which they would be permitted to work upon it. Mr. Glass, it transpired, was prepared to grant leases of claims for four months, upon payment of £1 in the first in- stance, and £3 within a month or fortnight, according to the depth of the shaft. This de[-] mand greatly annoyed the miners, who, at a meeting at which upwards of a thousand per[-] sons were present, unanimously determined not to comply with it. Thus it seemed as if the much-vexed question of mining upon private property was about to bring about a crisis. The miners declined the proffered tenancy, and the owner of the land complained of the injury done to his estate, while the task of ejecting three or four thousands was too serious a matter to be lightly under- taken. Fortunately, however, the miners have been better advised than they were in the first instance. They have consented to purchase their claims, and thus a difficulty has been overcome that at one time seemed formidable. Had the lead of gold been less valuable, however, the results might have been different, and the case offers strong proof of the danger of leaving the law of mining on private property in its present un- settled state. The value of the rush has yet to be ascer[-] tained. The sinking varies from 30ft. to 100ft., and as some of the parties are working night and day, it is supposed their part of the ground is very rich. Little dirt has as yet been washed out, but in at least one instance three ounces to tho load have been obtained. A few weeks will suffice to show whether a valuable lead has been discovered, or whether merely a patch has been struck upon. THE GOLD-FIELDS. For a long time past there has not been so much life and activity among the miners as during tho last few weeks. One rush after another has quito dispelled the dullness bo long prevalent on the gold fields, and wo bato now several lu progresß togttlicr; so that, instead, of not having any new ground to go to, the miners aro at present puzzled to know which Of tbo ucw places offers tho most .attraction. The first of any consaqaeno, -noticed last month, was to Majorca, bolwaea Maryborough and Talbot, and this has turno i out much better than was expected by many. The deposits of gold are irregular, and the loa i i not well defined, hut gold has been straok over a large extent of ground, and several of the claims aie paying well. On such a fiai 1 tho yield of course varies widely, some lota of wash-dirt affording as muchas two or t h rj 3 ounces to the load, and other lots only at many pennyweights ; but it will be long b ) fore these leads and patches aro worked out, I especially now that there are so many ootia , ( ter attractions to reduce the population at anyone Bpot. Within a few miles another new and very promising lead was al*? ?truck a few days since, but of this nothiu? more is yet known than what "could b > learned from the one shaft put do vi by the prospectors who discovered it. Thjo. the long sougbt-for lead at Mount Greenock has been fairly opened up at length, and foua i 1 to be 300ft. wide, in one at least of the tw j claims in which it has boen reached, and it has not yet been cut across in the other. Tfcu (1 announcement of this discovery has of cour jj set many new companies to work on oxtenda 1 claims, which will not be exhausted for years tocóme. In other parts of this district, t)). there have been spots opened of more or le n promise, and moBtly in the vicinity of ol i workings, all which will in time help to swall tho escorts. But perhaps the discoveries in tb.3 Bendigo district aro of most importance, a? showing what is to be expected even yet froai some ofour oldest fields. The Whipstick por- tion of this district has often been referred ti on account of the finding of largo nuggets, rioh alluvial ground, or reefs therein; but, frort the difficulties offered by the scrub, thia hu nevor been half explored, and it was well known that further prospecting must hive ihe effect of disclosing moro of the riche i which there is every indication of its contain- ing. Gradually, however, hut very slowly of late, the miners have been pushing their way ? into it, and now wo have a rush to a part in the direction of Myers Creek, named the Sebastian diggings, from which great things are expected. The land on which tbo gold was first found turned out to b3 private property, and some time was lost la effecting arrangements with the owner, but V111ïl.l,llJg UllUUtJQUIUllW VTiUll bUD UW11U1, UlXU enough work has been already done to prove that the ground is very rich, at least in parti, and the gathering of auch a large number of miners must result in further discoveries of importance. Indeed such is said to bo ths case already, but the reports from a now ra?a. «re not always to be believed implicitly. However, other ports of the district ate re- ceiving renewed attention, and amongst them Red Jacket Gully, whore a number of maa havo set to work, m consequence of the find La 2 of a nugget weighing 132oz. 12dwt. Ta) names of all the spots to which rush» have taken place would be uninterest- ing to persona at a distance, so that it will suffice to say these aro numerous enough to dispel all fears of any return, for a long time to come, of the late dullness. S jon after the commencement of this month th ; miners Buffered from one of the heavy dooli by which the country has been so often visito 1 this year, but, although the damage was great in places, the waters quickly subsided. Amongst the quartz-miners too there ha? been more life and activity, but rather o a account of the number of new reefs openo 1 than from any generolimprovemont in theyiel 1 from the older ones. From some of these new reefs vory rich specimona have been takon,anl mostly from near the sut face, but auch leaders do not always indicate with truth the valu 3 of the larger bodies of stone beneath. Or the older reefs, the Pyrenees has, as usual, ? reduced the richest stone, a few bucketsfall aken three weeks since from one of the claims on it being supposed to contain som 3 hundred of ouncea, while a lot of eight toas actually yielded 594oz. 12dwt. No very large returns from the Inglewool reefs have been announced ; but one.lot of 840 tonB from a claim on Maxwell's produced C43oz. ; 100 tons from the Jersey, 130oz. ; 100 tons from the March Reef, 181oz ; and bo on, The same may be said of the Tarnagulla reefs, now worked more for a moderate yield from a largo quantity of Btono than for the very large returns som 3 times obtained formerly ; but averages of twj and a half and three ounces are still 'to bo had occasionally, and one lot of eighty bo had occasionally, and one lot of eighty tons from Poverty Reef lately produced 249 jz The M'lvor reefs have well sustained their charaotor. and some of the late yields hava been good. Thus, one lot of twelve tons fron the Welcome Reef produced HOoz. lOdwt., nnd another lot of twenty tons from the sama reef fifty ounces, while a small lot of Bton3 from another reef near averaged twelvo ounce ? lo the ton. Twenty-nine tons from th.3 Pheonix Reof produced I86J02., and there wera several other yieldB of between three arid five ounces to the ton. The best yields in th? Bendigo district havo been obtained from th 3 Hustler's Reef, one lot of fifty-nine ton? producing 253oz. 8dwt. ; two moro cakes of amalgamated gold, weighing 838oz. an i 861oz, having been since obtained from proportionally small lota of stono out of tho Bame reef. Besides these there wera yields of 168oz. ádwt.from forty-nine tons out of tho Johnson Reef, lOOoz. 8dwt. from, thirty-seven tons out of a claim on the Devonshire, fifty-six ounces from thirteen tons out of a claim on the St, Mungo Raaf, and seventy-five ounces from aoven ton? out ol the Victoria Reof. Such aro a fow of the good yields announced, but it must b3 remembered that many of the quartz minor? will not furniah particulars for publication, being averse to having their roturas mida known. A very complote plant of machinery, comprising stampers, a buddlo or drosúnr apparatus, and rovolving barrels for amal- gamation, is nearly ready for ereotioa on the ground held by tho St, Arnaul Silver mining Association, whon it will bo ascertained how far the rich-looking vein? of this metal can bo worked with a profit. Much of the oro has been raised, but little mushed of late, as under the old mode of manipulation the loss of both silver and gol 1 was too great. Tho dividends paid lately by tho companies on the deep loads at Ballarat havo not beon largo-ranging mostly with the companies paying best at presont from £10 to£30 per share for each fortnight. O-ii, however, the Defiance, paid two dividends of £50 and £45 during the month. Besides the nuggotof 182oz. 12dwt. before mentioned at having been found in the Bendigo district, lhere were only two of any size-ono of 42 i a . 4dwt, found near tbe Blue Mountain diggings, »nd another, of forty-Bix ounces, found on fie Contest Lead at Brown's, in the Ballarat dU trict. AGRICULTURE. Excepting the day or two of heavy rain which caused the floods early this month, and which were very general over the country, the weather has been unusually fine for the time of year, and so mild that many of the de- cidnous trees have not yet lost their leaves though the shortest day is past, and the winter ought therefore to be nearly half over. Another proof of the mildness of the season is to be found in tho fact that ripe cherry-plums are now coming into market for the second time this year, off trees which have reçeived no special care or attention, as well as apples of the second crop, some of which although not quite ripe, arc large and well grown. As may be supposed, in such a sea- son the grain crops are very forward, some of them too much so, and the country is every where looking particularly well. The floods, however, did not a little damage on the low lands, carrying away fences, washing away the growing crops, and with them even the soil, in places. Sheep, too, were drowned in considerable numbers; but we did not hear of the larger animals suffering, except in the cases of a few horses and working-bullocks. This last flood was very high and sudden, coming down very soon after the commençe- ment of the heavy down pour of rain which caused it. Just now, ploughing matches are being held all over the country, and the societies are beginning to announce the days fixed upon for their spring shos. Some are to be held in August, as it is thought desirable in the interior to have these over before shearing commences. The lambing ought to be particularly good this year, and tho increase large, in consequence of tho mildness of the season and the abundance of feed everywhere. This abundance does not however, preserve the stock in other respects, for some diseases are more prevalent than ever. Pleuro-pneumonia is especially fast, especially in town herds and amongst the cattle belonging to small holders, who will not try to save them by inoculation, preferring the risk of almost total loss to the wilful introduction of a disease of which they are now beginning to be greatly afraid. A little inquiry would show them that the illness is slight when so caused, if apparent at all, hut they prefer tho do-nothing policy, and so allow the contagion to spread. Among the larger herds inoculation has been tried to a great extent, and with the best effects. In not one instance that we have heard of, where the operation has been properly performed, has it failed at once to check the spread of the dis- ease, and afford a perfect immunity from contagion. The first progress reportof the commissioners appointed some time since to inquire into this subject, especially as to the wholesomeness or unwholesomeness of the meat of diseased animals, has been published ; and a useless document it is, leaving this question, and all others connected therewith, exactly where they found them. They exa- mined a number of persons very closely, and the evidence so obtained was, as may be sup- posed, altogether contradictory. Of the ad- vantages or security to be derived from inocu- lation they will express no opinion until the conclusion of a series of experiments which they propose to try, but which will be carried out with difficulty, and not concluded for many a long month, if commenced at all. On the question of the fitness of the meat of diseased animals for food, something more definite might have been expected, as three of the five commissioners are medical men; but on this branch of dietetics most medical men are behind the times, and our commis- sioners did not apparently like to commit themselves or to offend the cattle-owners by doing what lay in their power to prevent the sale of such animals as are diseased to the butchcrs. Thus, they say in their report that the meat is not unwholesome so long as it looks pretty good, and this avowedly because one or two of the witnesses had no objection to eat it; while, on the other hand, some of the witnesses declared as positively that they had seen very bad effects from eating beef and veal of late, and that they had in consequence ceased to use either except when they had nn opportunity of know- ing that the animals were sound when killed. A bill has been brought before Parliament for the better inspection of abat- toirs and of meat offered for sale, hut it is impossible now to say when this will be pro- ceeded with. Our sheep are fast becoming more free from scab, under the owners' fears of the pains and penalties of the act now in force, but every winter we hear louder com- plaints of the prevalence of rot. Some dis- ticts here are becoming so notorious for the fluke that it is considered as great folly to attempt to keep sheep in them during the wet season, as in those swampy pastures of Eng- land so famous for producing this complaint. Almost everywhere the fluke is now to be found, but on the drier ground it does not seem to increase to any very injurious ex- tent. COLONIAL DEFENCE. The question of the defences of the colony still remains unsettled. It was hoped that the subject would, long before this, have been discussed by the Legislature, and that some definite plan of operations would have been resolved upon, but other business has stood in the way, and now the Ministerial crisis will cause a further postponement of the matter. Until the important point of "ins" and " outs" be disposed of, nothing can be done with the scheme suggested by General Hay and the other officers in England consulted by Mr. Childers, on behalf of the Viotorian Government ; with the vote of £60,000 which appears on the Estimates of the current year for the purchase of an iron-plated vessel; with the bills brought before the Legis- lative Assembly by the late Finance Minister (Mr. Haines) on the 5th instant, to establish a paid naval and military force, and to re-or- ganize the volunteer body ; or with the mo- tion tabled by Mr. Fawkner in the Legisla- tive Council, and affirming the desirability of constructing a pile fort in the centre of Hob- son's Bay. A discussion took place in the Legislative Assembly, on the 2nd inst., as to the advis- ability of retaining the steam-sloop Victoria -the only war vessel of which the colony can boast- at its full armament. The result was, a decision that the existing arrangement should not be disturbed, at all events before the close of the year. Of the two measures submitted by Mr Haines to the Legislative Assembly, one h called for by the fact that the term for which many of the volunteers were enrolled will shortly expire, and that it is desirable for the re-enrolment to take place under a law more in acGordanco with that of tho mother coan tiy. The Volunteer Bill proposes to empower the Governor to accept on behalf of tho Queen the services of naval and military volunteer corps to the number of 10,000 men. Every member of these corps will havo to take tho oath of allegiance, and sign a declaration as to the number of years during which ho Is willing to serve ; and he will be liable "in all cases of actual invasion of the colony, or of hostile attack thereon, or of imminent danger Hiereto," to go into actual service. A volunteer lefusing or neglecting to join his corps upoa any summons or general signal of alarm will bo deemed a deserter, and do subject to tho punishments and penalties of tho Munity Act The volunteers are to receive pay during Iho timo they are assembled on actual ser- vice. Tho other measnro-the Paid Naval and Military Forces Bill-contemplates the giving power to the Governor to accept, on behalf of Her Majesty, the services of persons other than those forming the volunteer force, and to divide the persons whose Borvices may bo eo accepted into two classes, namely, those on permanent duty, and those who aro but temporarily employed. Tho former are to enter to serve for not less than three years, though the Governor may determino their ser- vice at any time on giving six months' notice; the latter will bo liable to be called out for training or exorcise for any period not ox cttding 192 houis in any one year. All per- sons employed under the mensuro will bo liable, while on actual service, to the punish- ments and provisions of tho Mutiny Act and the Articles of War. It is of course difficult to say what will b3 como of theso bills. _ Whether thoy will fall through altogether, in consequence of the re- signation of their authors, remains to bj teen. Tho defences of Hobson's Bay consist at present of seven batteries, mounting thirty five cannon- twenty-one 68-pounders, and seventeon 32-pounders. Three of these bat- teries are situated on the Williamstown and four on the Sandridge side of the Bay. On the Williamstown side a ship entering the har- bour would first encounter the right battery, mounting four 68-ponnders ; next the central battery, armed with nine 32-pounders; then the Lighthouse Battery, of eight 08 pounders, «nd below this therois the Pier Battery, which is not yet armed. On the Sandridge side, vvi havo, first, the Lagoon Battery of four 32 and three 68 pounders ; secondly, the Emerald-hill Cintrai Battery, of three 68-pounders ; thirdly, the Emorald-hill Advanced Battery, of four 32-pounders; and, lastly, the St Kilda Right Battery, of three 08-pounders. It is intended to supply tho place of the 32 pounders either with 04-poundors or with rifled guns. Two Imperial frigates-the Curacoa and the Esk- are shortly expected in Australian waters, but neither will come to Hobson's Bay. The former is to take the place of the ill-fated Orpheus, while the latter will succeed the Miranda, which is ordered home. It was thought at one time that H.M.S. Harrier was intended for the protection of this port, but she has gone to Now Zealand. THE NEW ZEALAND GOLD-FIELDS. Tho principal featuro of the nowa from tho j Otago gold-fields for many weeks past hit? been the largo expectations entertained of a J fall in the Bnow-fed waters of the Molynoux so Boon as I winter approached, that the J miners might be ablo to wash the auriferous f-anii-bars which yielded such an ahundanoo ! of gold last year. These anticipations have not, however, been fulfilled. When our May mails left the weather in that region wai dear, sunshiny and frosty-just tho weather which was dealred, and old settlers declared the mouth of the river to bo lower thin they had ever known it to be before, yet no increase of yield from the claims which had been taken up for nearly sixty miles of rivar bank-thirty on each side-had been heard of; on the contrary, tho Dunstan escort had licon falling from 7,000oz. and 5,000oz. to loss than 3,000oz, weekly, and of this no explanation has been made. At the same time, too, tho total escort amounted to 10,681o/,, thus divided :-l,424oz. from Quooui towb, 2,075oz. from Arrow River, 2,908oz. from Dunstan, 2,0á4oz. norn Tuapeka, 656oz. from Waltahuna, and 223uz. from tbo Woolshed. Prom tho Nokomal favourable account» wero belngrecoived. Undersuch circumstances it was not wonderful that, while there woro many moro returning to Victoria from Otago thaa thero wero going in the opposite direction, there was also a movement among the Ofct'o minors towards tho Buller, a gold-field dis- covered in tho Nelson province No lesa thii 200 miners went thither in one steamer. Subsequently a small local newspaper, pub- lished at Dunstan, oxplained that tho falling off in the escort from that place had boon caused by the fact that two banks foi warded no gold, and tho next escort was expected to amount to lO.OOOoz. This statement was par- tially verified next week, and the escort from, Dui'Etan amounted to 8,382oz, which, with 2,970oz. from Waikatlpu, madaupa total of 11852oz., exclusive ofthat received from Tua Seka and'its tributaries. Just at that, dit5 Ir.Caplea, another adventurous spirit win bad started to the wild west coast, returned, after having sighted the sea and undergo a 3 innumerable privations, 'but without finding moie than the colour of gold. All this tims there was no good news from the river clalmi, the holders of which complained that tha frosty weather had not set in with sufficient severity. At about the middle of the prä- sent month, however, tho temperatura became much colder, and the miners wera indulging in higher hopes than ovar o' being able to get an increase in the\produo3 of the different rivers sufficient to atoas for the weary waiting of the thousiuii ?who have bo long shepherded claims,' and for the losses which not a few have lately sa? tulned by sudden and serious floods, both ia the Molyneux and Shotovor. Several of th. > higher tributaries of these rivers have nor i covering of ice, and a perceptibie reduction of the volume of water is the consequents, only requiring a continuance of similar weather to bring the river down to that levai which has been so long wished for. It still, of course, remains to bo proved whether, when the fall does occur, the river bottom is of such richness as has been supposed. Disappointed by their protracted shepherd- ing, and by the losses sustained by the lat i Hoods, a considerable number of the minor) havo left the river for somo new rushes ia the direction of Conroy's and the Lindis the former only of small dimensions; bit there has long been a strong belief that the Lindis district only required active prospjet ing. The only othor recent rush of any im- portance has been that to Black's Station, which is generally described as being a gem poor man's diggings. Several new locaUtle? uro reported ob being rushed by moro or less numerous parties, but nothing definite ii known as to the value of their prospect?. This is the state of affaira at the prasaat moment, but tho last escort only brought down 8,867oz., which is again attributed ti the omission of the banks to forward. It I? worth remark that a large portion of tin diggers who went to Nelson aro now at work on the Bulla roads, for 83. per day wages. Since writing the above, we learn that tin Inst escort had Increased tol3,517oz ;andthak. Dr. Hector, tho explorer, who was tho first t) reach tho west coast, and who had starte! thither again, had had an opportunity of in Rni»e»tlRf n. rnnRiflArfthlf» tri/.f nf i.nMntnr specting a considerable tract of country, in- cluding the limestone caves and deposits of fhe Waiou River. Ho has seen no auriferoui indications, and from his report thora ii nothing to lead us to suppose that the Ofcagi gold-fields aro likely to extend in a sotitb. westerly direction. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. The returas of the Immigration depart men1; for the month of May are published in the Bill of Entry. The arrivals numbered 2,292, and the departures 2,700, the balance against the colony being 408 persons. Of the arrivals 1,735 were adult males. 386 adult females, 91 male and 77 female children ; and of the departures, 1,848 were adult males, 455 adult females, 221 male and 170 female children. The ports of arrival were- Melbourne, 2,270 ; Geelong, 7 ; Port Albert, 15 ; and of departure- Melbourne, 2,094 ; Geelong, 1 ; Port Albert, 5. It will be seen from the following table, that while the population of Victoria increased by 402, tlnough the migratory streams flowing be- tween this and the other colonies, it lost by the seaboard in the aggregate, 408. The de- partures for England numbered 782, against 428 arrivals from all British ports. Among the departures for foreign ports were 531 Chinese : - t.. .8 _ M 6 a Now South Wales .. South Australia Kow Zealand 850 147 80S 010 416 83 61 706 "so 804 115 60 Totals neighbouring colo United Kingdom Foroign ports 1762 428 102 1800 781 £08 478 08 354 439 Deduct arrivais .. 2202 2700 2292 178 830 478 Not docreaso 408 403 In the following table the arrivals anl departures are given monthly up to the close of last month, compared with those of tho previous year : 1802. 1803. - Arrived. Do partod. ArrivoeL Do partod. January .. .February .. March .. April May 4,620 2,884 4,087 8,180 2,050 5,440 3,200 8,113 2,850 2,040 2,705 2,000 2,558 4,007 2,292 6,009 6,718 4,918 2,122 2,700 _ 17,733 16,670 14,633 20,455 ' Tho population of the colony on the'31st March lost numbered 649,970 souls, as will b3 Been by the following quarterly abstract, issu id ' from the office of tho registrar-general: - Males. Fontales Persons. Population on tho 81st December, 1802 .. Incrcaso of lómalo popula- tion by oxooss of immi- gration ovor omlgratlon (by soa), during tlioquar tor ending 81st March, 1803 . Incroaso by excess of births over deaths, during tho quarter onding 81st March, 1803 826,689 984 229,611 121 1,295 665,100 m 2,27» Decrease of malo popula- tion by oxcosia of emigra- tion over immigration (by Boa) during tho quartor ending 81st March, 1863. 826,678 7,630 230,927 567.600 7,530 Totals Incroaso of fomalos during tho quartor Docreaso of males and per- sons during the quarter.. 310,043 6,610 230,927 1,416 649,970 5,180 OUR RAILWAYS. We give below a few figures which will represent, more or less, the present traffic oa our Victorian lines of railway. They cannot fail to be interesting to our English readers' who are so largely concerned, and we propoie to give similar returns in each monthly sum- mary. In the present instance wo give the returns of the first five months of the year of all our linea, except the least important, viz., the Melbourne and Essondon line, which however, wiU he added next month. The following are tho returns of the Government lines : BALLABÀT LIKE. Month. Passongors. Goods. Total. January February March April .. May .. £ s. d. 10,093 17 0 10,817 l8 11 8,877 13 2 10,361 7 1 8,054 8 1 £ s. d. 0 822 0 10 7,117 15 7 7,175 10 0 8,824 15 0 0,581 10 0 £ B. d." 17,821 17 10 17,035 0 S 10,053 0 8 18,076 2 10 14,035 4 10 MURRAY UIVER LINE, Month. Passongors. Goods, Total. January February March.. April .. May .. £ B. d. 12,071 0 2 10,201 13 0 0,700 2 10,685 10 8,013 0 £ s 6,508 17 0 7,610 1 10,760 13 0 10,803 11 2 0,20016 6 £ s. 18,470 0 17,777 12 I) 20,469 10 6 20,019 7 8 17,855 1 7 WILLIAMSTOWN LINE. Month. Passenger». OootlB. Total. January February March.. April .. May .. £ 8. d. 005 1 10 712 17 7 008 l8 8 7d7 0 8 701 7 4 £ 8. d. 1,057 li 8 2,000 13 0 1,243 4 0 2,133 13 7 1,651 0 S £ 8. tL 1,002 l8 1 2,710 11 1 1,042 2 8 70,10 1 ) 2,252 17 1 Tho following are the returns of our private lines : MELBOURNE AND HOUSON's BAT BAILWAY. So nlpta. January Tobruary March .. April .. M»y .. £ 8. d. 0,877 0 4 6,102 13 8 0,145 11 ~ 0,708 0 4,857 10 It THF. MELBOURNE RAILWAY. Kecoipts. January l'ubruory Horeb.. April .. May .. £ B. d. 3,201 7 2 2,073 7 0 2,80 ) 10 0 3,025 11 11 3,159 10 2 THE BRIGHTON RAILWAY. ~ Montb. Pooij ts ' £ 8 d, January . 1,100 10 2 February . 891 l8 tt March. 833 0 9 April. 1,078 11' 8 May. 774 7 1» THE THEATRES. The Melbourne theatres, the Royal and tho Haymarket, have both been doing vory well during the last month. At the Royal, Mr. Barry Sullivan has been playing in " Richard HI." tin nights successively, drawing great houseB, and on Wednesday, 3rd Juno, ha played Gloster (for the last time for the ¡pre- sent) before His Excellency Sir Henry and lady Barkly. Mr. Sullivan has aleo appeared ob Julian St. Pierre, in "The Wife;" Mr. Beverley, in " The Gamester ¡" tho Stranger, in the play of that nama; and as Claude Mclnotte, in "The Lady of Lyons.." Ei couraged by the successes already achieve! Mr. Barry Sullivan has become the lessee of the Royal for three years, and promises t> Î;lve a round of all the acting plays in tin anguago that will bear production ot th) stage. A weak dramatic version of tha popular novel, " Lady Audloy's Secret," wai produced as a "sensation" drama at th) Royal, Mr. and Mrs. Claranco Holt sustaining the principal characters ; but after a sickly existence of five nights it expired, and th) theatre returned to its legitimate uses. At the Haymarket, Mr. Jefferson bas bool playing several of his popular characters. Rip Van Winkle, Salem Scudder, Solon Shingle, Tobias Shortcut, &c;, preparatory to his uu dertaking a trip to New Zealand. This actor remains as great a favourito aa ever with us. Mr. Joseph Brown, a clover "nigger" humourist, "Ohriaty" minstrel, and dancjr, has been also performing at this theatre ; bai leaves hore, with Mr. J. W. Smith, the thox trical and equestrian agent, by the next mill for Europe. SPORTING, &c.; The fine open weather of the present seasoi has enabled our trainers to keep their hoMi) constantly at work, though only of a prepara- tory kind; and this has been greatly in favour of the young ones engaged in the principal events with which the racing season of 1863-Í will commence in October next. Thirteen horses have paid the second forfeit on the Seventh Australian Champion Stakes of 10) Bovs. each, with 1,000 sovs. added, to be run at Ballarat on the 1st October. The handicap) for the principal stakes to be run for at tho Jockey Club and Turf Club Spring Meeting) aro just beginning to attract attention, and there is no apprehension entertained that the next will not be a better season for thi spring raoing than any we have had for som i years. An effort is now being made to bring baok our steeplechasing to the heavy- weight system, just as was attempted at the late Market Har horough National Steeplechases in England. It is yet doubtful whether tho movement will succeed hero belter than in England. The various aquatic clubs havo shown moro than usual activity for the last few weeks, and already a fresh Intercolonial Rowing Match is talked of with Now South Wales. COMMERCIAL. The Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navi- gation Company's steamer Northam sails to- morrow with the mails for Europe and the East. The Bombay, with the English mails of the 27th April and telegraphic dates to the 4th May, did not arrive in Hobson's Bay until the 15th inst., five days after the due time of delivery. The transactions of the month have been of some interest. The result of the deliberations of the Conference of the Australian Colonies, held in this city, has been made public, aud the attempt at a common tariff of Customs duties has failed. A furthor portion of a quarter of a million of the railway loan has been offered in this market, and has been taken up, with the exception of the sum of £33,000, which is for the present reserved. The minimum fixed by the Government was 5½ premium, and on the date of the first batch of tenders being opened, it was found that only £71,560 were at and above this roto. The sums tendered for amounted to £393,003, the trustees of the Savings Banks of tho colony applying for £187,500, at rates not reaching the fixed minimum. We append a list of the tenders, received on this ocoasion, us affording reliable evidence of the viewa of capitalists with regard to this loan. Rtoom Name of Person Total Rato mended Tendering. Amount, Otter od. for accept- ance £ £ s. d. £ Alex. Dick SOO 0 0 0 £0) Buckley anti Nunn.. 2,400 0 0 0 2,400 W. Caldwell.. 700 5 0 0 T. T. A'Bockett .. 8,300 10 0 - S. Wood 100 2 10 0 - L. Bucklioldt 1,000 4 0 0 -. Jane Walker.. 600 4 0 0 - 0\. F. Bolclior 1,300 6 0 0 - E. Wilkor .. 500 4 0 0 Hhlnd and Turnor .. 800 0 0 0 800 John Twllaw.. 1,200 4 0 0 -. W.U. Collins 1,000 5 10 O 1,000 J. Maciboy .. Ordor of Forostora .. 1,800 DOO 1,800 800 0 0 0 300 T. T. A'Bockott .. 5,000 6 0 0 -. W, H. Pottot 4,000 6 0 0 _ W. H. Pettot 4,000 5 6 6 _ F. Cook 50,000 2 2 0 - T. II. Aylwln 2,000 0 5 0 2,000 J. B. Wore and Son.. £00 OOO 600 G. 0. Brown.. 7,720 0 0 0 7,720 Mary Smart 000 0 0 0 OOO J. B. Watson 8,800 0 0 0 8.800 Baillie aud Button.. 6,000 4 2 0 -. Trnstcos of Savings Banka 187,600 3 10 0 - G. 0. Brown.. 1,400 0 0 0 1,490 O. W. Colo 8,000 6 0 0 Baillie and Butters.. 5,001 6 2 _ 0\. 0. Brown.. 400 0 0 6 400 0\. Slater SOO 0 0 0 900 J. Sharp 150 0 0 0 150 D. and G. Cihill . 800 0 0 0 80) H. Pittorson 8,000 OOO 3,00) J. H. Koso .. 1,000 2 0 0 - W. Dane 1,00 J 5 0 0 - T. B. Payno .. 20,900 OOO 20,000 F. Jones 4,760 6 2 0 F. Jonei 1,00) i 30 0 - J. B. Wore and Son. 3,200 coo 3,20) J. B. WoroandSon. 1,000 6 0 0 -. Mary Powell.. 100 8 0« - 0\. V. Hiyley.. 2,000 5 0 0 - M. O'Qrody .. . B.150 4 0 0 -_ J. M'Cann ,, 5,000 5 13 J. M'Cmn .. 6,000 6 2 0 - E. Hugboi .. 300 10 0 W. Francis ., 1,900 0 10 O 1,900 It. W. Bites.. 1,"00 3 0 0 Th. Bumnoi .. , . 5,000 6 10 _ Th. Sumnor .. 6 OJO 0 10 5,0)0 W. and A. Wobb . 3,500 0 10 0 3,600 W. II. Colins 2.000 6 0 0 Itlilnd und Turner . 1,000 0 0 0 1,000 S. Wood 100 3 10 0 J. K. Tyion .. 000 6 0 0 _ A. Fenwick .. 1,00) 0 0 0 1,000 W. Francis .. 1,000 6 0 0 1,900 £393,100 £71,500 Of the quarter of a million sterling only £71,560 were taken up on the first day, a balance of £178,410 remaining in the hands of the Government. This sum was kept opon for a week, when a further Bum of £145,350 vas taken up, the Treasurer withdrawing the balance of £83,000 from tho market. These securities have been selling ainco at 107, or at a premium of ono and a half por cent, above the settled minimum. Besides this state loan, which has taken off a fair share of the available uninvested capital of the colonists, the National Bank of Australasia advertised au issue of 10,000 shares of £4 each, which wero readily taken up at and above the minimum of £4 153. The markets havo boen therefore well supplied with stocltBand sharej, and this without in any way affecting tha value of tho joint-stock companies' securi- ties holding position on our list. Since the delivery of the English mall, tho banks havo raised the rates of exchange oaa lialf per cont. for the outgoing mail. Thoy now issuo drafts on England nt thirty days', 2 per cent.; sixty days', 1J per cent.; and ninety days', li pet cent, premium. Thcbanks buy thirty nnd sixty days drafts nt J per coat. premium ; and ninety days', at par. The rato charged by the Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany for the transmission of gold and bulli j a from Melbourne to tho Bank of England, is 1} per cent., including insurance. The banking institutions having agoncies In India, charge for thirty days' exchange on Bombay, Cal- cutta, and Madras, 2s. Id. per rupee ; Hong Kong and Singapore, 4s. lOd. per dollar: Mauritius, 4s. 2d. per dollar ; Ceylon, 8J per cent, promium. The banks charged 7 par cent, discount for two months' bills, 8 por cent, for three months', and 0 per cent, for four months'. Interest is allowed on time deposits at tho following rates :-For deposita at thirty days' notice, from 1} to 2 per cent. peT annum .; at three months' notice, -from 2 to 2$ per cent. ; at six months' notice, from 4 4-n Ai. r»n- nnnt ' " to 4} per cent. The " ' ' " aeyield of the gold-fieldshas been|stoadily maintained up to the average of last yoi:. The total shipment» for the year amount to 849,705 ounces, of which quantity 742,105 i unces were the produce of Victoria, anl 307,092 ounces transhipments from N,ow Z31 lañd. During the corresponding week of tli3 previous, ' the shipments amounted to 09)2 ounces, making the total shipments from th3 commencement of the year 952.185 ounces, of which 181,820 ounces were transhipment* from New Zealand. Taking this-the but test of the productiveness of the Australian gold mines-the first half of 11863 will lmr comparison with tho first half of ,1882 When the shipments by the mail steamer an taken into account, and the returns for tin month are complete, it will be found ,that thi totals for both periods will not b9 very wids nsunder. With the rise in the selling rate of exchaugs on England, the prico of gold has advance i. The banks, the chief dealers in the preolout metals, have raised their buying price of gold to the rate of £3 15s. 8d. per ounce for standard. At this rate prices may be quote I at :-Omeo, Upper Yarra, Shady Creek, £3 Ila. 9d. to £3 13*. 9d.; Jamieson, Big River, ani Dandenong, £3 14s. 9d. to £8 16s. 6d. ; Casth 111 ai no, Bendigo, and Mountain Creek, £3 17s. 9d. to £3 18a. ; Crooked River, Boggy Crook, Caledonia, and Anderson^ Creek, £3 18s. 91. ; Maryborough, Dunolly. Avoca, and Raglan, £3 18s. 9d. to £3 19*.; Creswick and Brown's, £3 18s. 8d. to £4; Ballarat and Ovens, £4 Is. to £4 Is. 6d. The export duty on gold is 1j. Cd. por ounce. In tho following table, the quantities of gold brought into Melbourne weekly by the escorts aro given separately for the various gold-fields, for three months : Tho following is a list of the gold ships which have sailed from Melbourne and Gee- long since 1st March, with the quantities stated separately : Dato .of Ship. Destination. Ounces. Sailing. March 2 Balclutha Sydney .. 5,09 J » 14 Dovor Castle .. London .. 27,067 » 21 Edmund Graham.. London 18,871 " 20 Northam .. Point de QaUo .. 41,53) " 28 iwlftsuro .. London .. .. 13,201 April 4 Moravian .. London .. 50,312 » « Rangatira Syduoy .. 12 " 15 Lincolnshire London .. 10,80; » 22 Olondowor.. London 7,751 " 20 Dollar .. ., Point de Oatie .. 03,461 May 2 Great Britain Liverpool 01,727 » « Lady Molvillo London .. IO i. 11 Btvaria Hong Kong 0,16! .. 14 Lady Ann .. Hong Kong .. 8,421 » 28 Ii ont London .. 62,733 " 20 Madras Point do Gallo .. 48,57! Juno 9 Anglesey .. .. London .. 80,231 Of the dealings in stocks and Anare* Finco tho despatch of tho May mails, Messrs. Baillie and Butters report in their monthly circular, issued to day : " Sincoour last monthly roviow of tho stock ant I si aro market, toveral vory important changos havi loketn placo, and the gonor.il tone has materially Im- proved. Money continue» abundant for psrminoi; investment, and all favourite dividend-pavins; stockt nhiw an upward tendency. The issue of a quvrter j of a million of looal dobemlu e« noticed lu our losit, has boon consummitod. Tondors woro ra eoived for £333,100, of which £201,600 wiro ni ratoá varjing from £103} to £105J ; hut m the limit placed on thora by the Executive wu I £10;}, tho vvhnlo of thoso wiro unavailable», tin 1 alnnco of £71,600 wero at ratos varying from £1051 * > £100, and a week was glvou for further tondors bslni sent Infor tho balance, thu result of which was thv. £135,350 wero taken at from £105} to £100 2s. 01, having a lialanco unsold e.f £43,(00, which havo boil j .withdrawn from tho m trkot for tho present, altlnusrt not e ral partios havo attempted to purchase thom pri- vat ely ; tho result proves tho scarcity of good invent mont for our superabundance of capital, and alss titi', our capitalists are content with a ljw rate of intoroii wl on tho security is perfo.t. " We havo also to noto tho Bucctwsful ¡stile of 15,03) adeht'onal sluros of tbo National Bunk-6,000 In Ade- laide and 10,000 in Melbourno. The ponió i allottel to Adolaldo woro all taken up at and ever the llml>, and in Molboumo on the I Hil Inst., tho tondors fir it» j ortion were oponed wlih tho following result :- I " The ohairman declared tho hank limit to b > £4 15c, and on tho toniior. boh« opened it was fouil : that 11,347 shares had hoon tendered for, of whic i 4,910 woro at tho limit of £4 16s. ; leaving unsol I f¡,084 sharos, for which it was intimated ouo woo'c ' tv ould bo allowed for furthor tendors, whon it wa3 foul I I that tenders for 6,830 had bcon sent in, of whloh 1,4) ¡ I wero at from £416s. 8d to £410s, and the romalndor I at £415s., making tho truiMctlon agrcat success, anl showing tho estimation in wblcH trio bank U hold. 3 ho next item of Importarle» Is tho probable silo of fia Melbourno Railway. A fortnight tego an ofTsr of I £236,000 was mude by us, but which was refusod, an I tho minimum limit namoi of £260,000. Our client i I Intimated through us that thoy were prepared to maïs an offer of £240,000, if thoro was any likolihood of It! leading to business, but the present holders woro de- termined not to alter their limit, and all negottitl 11 ! was theroforo abandoned ; but lineo thonsovoralof oar largest capitalists havo again gono into tho mattor, bu; Whether it will result In a salo of tho line or not it quito a mattor of speeulation. Ono thing we bellera certain, and that is, that tho property Is of such i pronil.fntr character that if p'aoed on the markot it would spoodlly bo taken up by tbo public. " Mining mattera have shown considerable Improve- ment, and many of our publie companies aro omergtnr ! from tholr difficulties ; fndrod, we look forward to & vost improvement In tho position of our mines an I mlnii g oompanlos within tho onsulng six months. Thj result of dearly bought experioucn Is boglnnlng to toll with great offect on several of tho resuscitated oaoi, and wo doubt not hut tho oolooy will derivo 1mm mu benefit from the largo amount of money apparently I wasled ia mining enterprise. " Dobonturos.-Since tho completion of tho no r Issue tho Government Six per Cents, havo boon graIt- ally rising. Wo have effected sales of largo parools vi £106, £1001, and £107, closing Arm at the latter qu > tatlon, willoh is exclusive of accrued Interest. Wj have also placod Melbourne Railway Eight por Oonts duo 1800, at £101}. Melbourne Oas and OollliigwoD 1 Gas uro also In demand, but nono are offerol. " Banks.-Colonial has boon steadily advanolnr, ia oonsequouoo of the probitblo Balo of the Molbourai Ballway, in whloh thoy aro largoly interested, and a's > from tho fact of a chango in tho management bavin r been mide which appears to givo gonoral satlsfsotloi, Ur. Burnos, who has hitherto boon in tho Unbt ! Bank, having boon appointed to fill tho oflloo. T.i» prico by tho last outgoing mail was £7 ; a slight di olino waa tbon oxperlouood, which tbey havo sinai re- covered, and no» stand firm at £7 ?s. 0J. Sjtii lioavy parcels havo eli inged hands at from £7 to £r 2s Od. National maintain their ground well, aad still show an upward tendency, our latest sales beling at St 17s. Now South Walos havo not boen doalt lu, although offored at £48. Viotoria havo ohatigídhmli 'at £37 and £J7 10s., but thoy aro vory Bparlazly Ollorcd. . V Railways.-Hobson's Bay hold tholr hilf-yoirly mooting on tin 2nd inst., when ti» balanco-sheet pre- sented Bhowed a not revenue of £21,8(0. The report I and balanco shoot wero adopted, and a dlvldond at tho rote of ten por cet nor annum waa declared, walo i would absorb nearly tho wholo amount. Iho pjlicy of tills courso has bcon questioned, as It is consldorèd divl ling iho profl's much toj closoly. Tho shiros h wo fluctuated from £61 oum dividond to £46 ex dlvldond, »nd now stand tolerably firm at £48. The St. Kilda and Bitglitou li undorgolng the procoss of compulsory "rrquciitrsllou, rnt »HI most nrfplmbly_Tall Into otho hands. The Mc li unto and Ktsmdon la" likoly to b3 .como Oovcmment property, ni ft valuation. . "Insurance.-Alllanco liare b.on somewhat dall, and only a few havo changed bauds at par; bayon for largo pareóla offer 8s. ¿Uttralasian have boon la ?very good demand, and large nun bore havo boon sill 1.} ua at 40). to 40 . (k1. Colonlalhavoboen^oglootol. Villoría Lifo and General command moro uttonttin, nnd eales bave licon effected at 20s. to 26s. Od. Vlo toiiaFlroand Marinouavoalsobeonlnbetterrequoj'.; mo bavo dono buíinessat£25 and ££G, but thoro arj | ^ err few of theso eharos to bo bid at any prico. .'Gas.-TliOfcOBtocksgonorallysbowanluiproveimeat Ballarat luvo not boon much dealt in, but are well held ; Bondlgo would bo taken at £316s. ed. ; Oaitlä mnlno bavo changed hands at £3 6s ; Collingwood ar i not obtalnablo undor £0 5s.; and bujora seem in- dine d to concedo tho riso. Geelong-havo Improve I considerably, and havo been fieelytakon at from£l 16c. to£317s. Gd. Melbourne havo continued to Im- prove, and havo changed bands at from £4 101. ti £412s. Od. ; holders aro now firm for £416s., with i I prcupcct of bualnoag at that flgurc. "Miscellaneous.-Bendigo Watorworkj havo bioi , ktoidlly Improving ihelr position ; but thoro havo baoa no Eales, Ovens Waterworks aro promising botter. "Victoria Kaolin and Victoria Coal havo shown no sl^m ?of vitality. ThoüMlmnl Co'lleryls gradually galnlnr ground In tho publie mind, and aro boing dealt In at a Hunll premium ; ealca at £3 5s. j " Ballarat Mining Compati loi.-Although no luyo j »mount of business lion been tianeaotcd during tnj ?wtok, yotsovoral mines bear a markod improvement in piic.B asked. Money Is scarce for speculating pur- poses, owing to the larg« number of persons cxpootol to leavo for Now Zealand during tho spring month). Srcculators, consequently, ato oxtremaly. cautiom. Our opinion is, however, that It will in nowlso affoot mining on Ballarat, and we think that in tho courso of a iow raonttiB it will bo healthi'r than at any pro vi oui j lime. Wo toso our opinion on tho fact thatatthli I resent timo soveral oompanles havo jusf Fuceeodei, tftcr long working, in breskllig into good payable jjrouLd-namoly, the» Alston nnd We rdalo, Bonshaw, Albion, Buninyong In both Bbefti, Scottish and Cornish, Leviathan, and Eons of Freedom-whlolx will la the courso of a fe» months bo in full working order. Tho Saxon also, which for tbo last few month i hasbeenswampedoutandunablotovi-ork, will again lu paying Its usual di* idend. Tills, combined with the El- im dca, Kooli i-noor, Deflanco, Princo of Walos, anl Ncbon, paylrg their usual good Dividends, will bring a lorgequantity of money into thooiarkot; and His a well known fict that in Ballarat dividends lulo tho markot. Tho nelghboiring district, «hlch is principally sup ported by Ballarat money, looks remarkably healthy, with ovtry probability of their continuing to Improve. Attention during tho lait thrco or four months hu lieen directed towards quar z-mining, and it hat boen found that most of tho quartr.-rci.f8 in Ballarat an 1 ?district, by careful and judicious management, will amply ropay capitalists for tholr Investments, Tho «lmdonds paid on. Soturday woro-Groat Xxtonded, £20 ; Albion, £15 ; and Republic, £5. Tho Extondel ?washed 360oz. fjr the week; Interests in thU claim aro easter; aollors - halt-working, £1,205; hilf-I ? sleeping, £1,670 : no declared buyers. Tho Koon l | noor aro doing but little just now, and declining ] 1 in price; for half- working snares collers ask £1,200; half-Bleeping, £1,600 ; buyers of half-working at£l,160, 1 half s'oepiog £1,500. Olio Princo of Wales obtained 158 out ces from tholr quartz, and forty ounoes from their alluvial ; full share* obtalnablo at £1,800; buyer« at £1,700 froely. Tho Albion Company aro washl ig well ; on Friday they obtained forty ounces to one machine; inleicstu on the rise; wo hearoi no sellers . of full shares under £1,800. Tho Kelson lu ads the list this week in tho amount of tholr returns ; thoy I obtained nearly 400 ounces for the week ; half sleep- ing eighths realised £000, with sellers still at tint price ; one-half sleeping twelfth was sold for £500 ; speculation in this company has abated until tho deci- sion from Molbourno in the suit ' Working Minors v. Helton.' Tho Saxon Company's drives aro in a vory bad »ato owing to their recent swamp, and It will bo somo llttlo tuno yot boforo thoy will bo in worklnr order ; tellors ask £050, with buyers at £675 Tho Cosmopolitan washed 100 ouncei ; sol lore ask £750 for full shares, w.th nu declared buyers. Working Minen quiet ; no declared sellers, with buyers at £1,050. Th} Deflanco had an accldont below with their whim, con- sequently Impeding their washing ; thoy, howovor, ob- tained 180 ounces. Tbo Republic Company paid a £5 c ivldend on Saturday, tho lirai for somo months past, and there is »vory prospoot of their continuing to do so. Scottish and Cornish-buj or«, £300 ; sollors, £350. Alston and Weirda!o-buyors, £340 ; sollors, £450 ; very firm. Bonshaws-sollors, £100 ; buyors, £05. Tho Etsex aro r ot washing, being busy in trying to eut off tho Garibaldi. Tho Garibaldi aro pushing for- ward tbo drive for the Essex Gutter, and wo oxpoet Ílbe oteshof theso two claims will cause a serious row. Tho flibt crushing ui the Dread. Not United yielded 176 ounces to 150 tons of quartz ; buyers offer £401, i i ellen) ask £600. Ia Linton and Lucky Wotnsn's I nothing now to report. Tho Bute washod 120 ouncos for thowoek; bu)ori offer £100, sollors £500. For Wombat, buyers offer £110, sollors isk £120. Band ot Hope Is a llttlo eaeior, i oilers ark £83 10s., buyers £33. Clunes and Victoria Clunes-Nothing to report. I'ha Old Post-offtco Quartz ciusbod 126oz ; Llanberis, 46oz. ; Standard, 40oz. ; Temperance, 4Soz, ; Ono and All, 20oz. ; Boro, 20c z. "Joint Btock Mino".-Achilles havo boen orushlng, but bavo not v ashed cff. Ajax havo had only 40oz. 7d»t. for the we. k. Catherine Reef United, 82oz. Cumberland Reef ii boing rapidly opened up, but va ^u...i,.,,..nu ....... ... i,»i..b .u|.,u.j. ujjeneu up, out wo bave no report this week. Bustlor's Beef havo hld SCOtz. fir the week ; sales al It, Od. Johnson's wanted nt O'. Maryborough aro expected to arrange willi the claln.holders cn tho Mariner's Reef, which, if accom- plished, will tend to Incriosotbo value of this siookln i he market. M'lvor aro e till. Nelson Beef aro looked for at low ra'es ; sales at 8s Od. Now Obum aro slowly improving. Sandy Creek havo tent no report. Star Beef would bo taken at 2«. St. Arnaud, with ml alteration. Tyson'a Reef-Tho management of this cempony will be brought to Welhruriie. Sctradalo Great Extended-Sales at £25. Tho Union Company, Daylesford, havo paid £20 dlvldond during the last fortnight, the dividend fur this week being £5." The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of f ho Hobson's Bay Railvw.y Company was held on the 2nd iuBt, when a dividend at the into often per cent, per annum was declared. This dividend will leavo a balance of £1,300 to bo earned to the reservo fund, raising it to upwards of £29,000. The directors wero re- commended to consider the propriety of taking steps to prevent the further tranBfor of shareB to the London icgistor. The chairman of the company, Mr. T. T. A'Beckett, inti- mated that a scheme would shortly bo placod before tho commercial public for the construc- tion of a graving-dock adjacent to the com- pany's pier, upon a Tiiiuclple by which ships equal in size to the Great Britain steamor cm be raised and lowered within forty minutes. This scheme has eincebeen the subject of con- siderable discussion. Another, emanating from Government, the locale being Williams tov.ii, is also before the public. Tho great want of the port is accommodation for the docking of vessels for examination and re- pairs, and this want is tho moro uovoroly felt now that the Government Patent Slip Í3 not available. The following is a statement of the trafilo returns of the Victorian Government lines of I railway, of the Molboumo and Hobson's Bay Bailway, and of tho Melbourne Oompany a ' line (late the Melbourno and Suburban line); for the month of May :- < Government lines Melbourne and Hobson's Bay. Melbourne Co.'s Pas- sengers. £ s. d.| £ s. d, 14,060 3 8.16,9081210 2,982 14 8 1,907 15 10 8,16917 Ol - £ s.d. 0,07710 0 4,800 10 8,160 17 The course of trade was disturbed at the early part of the month hy the disclosure of the Conference tariff of imposts recommended for the adoption of the whole of the Australian colonice. This tariff waa as follows : Imported spirits .10s. a ga'lon, Wino(inwood).2s a gillon. Wlno (In bottle) .4s per dozoo. Beor (in wood) .Od. per gallon. Beer (in bottle) .Is, cot. quatti. Beor (In bottle) .ed. doz pints. Halt .Gd. bushol. Hops.3d. pound. Tabacco (manufactured) .. .. 2s. pound. Do. (unmanufactured) .. .. Is. pound. Sheepwash .3d. pound. Cigars and snuff .4'. pound. Tea .O J. pouud. Kfflned sugars.7s. cwt Unrefined .6s. Gd. cwt. Molasses and tteaolo.3". Od. ewt. C< ffco.3d. pouud. Dried fruits, nuts, almond) ., .. 10s. owt. Ch'coiy, cocoa, chocolate .. .. 3d. pound. Opium (manufactured) .. .. 2ns. pound. Do. (unmanufactured) .. .. lCs. pound Elco . .. 4-1. cwt. Candles .. . .Id. pound. All oils.Gd. gallon. Salt .40s. t,n. This tariff, it will be seen, differs but in one or two items from that which baa for several years been in operation in this colony. Tho desire of I ho Conference was to assimilate tho several tariffs na nearly as possible to that of Victoria, All intention of carrying out thii portion of the recommendations of the dele- gates has been abandoned in Sonth Aus- tralia, New South Wales, Tasmania, and ia thlB colony. A considerable amount of sp3 culation has, however, taken place, and the re- action is now felt in tho dulness of the mar- kets and the consequent accumulation of im- porta in first hands. The following ia a statement of tho Btocki of dutiable articles in bond ut the port of Melbourne on the 21st inst. ¡-Brandy, 4,0014 hhde. 06,032} cases : rum, 842èhbds. 078 caso? ; geneva, lljlihds., 105,102 red 8,418 green cases ; m hickey, B86hhds. 9,052 cases; old tom, 125} hhde. 097 caaes ; cordials, 1,995 cases; spirit* of wine, 220 8-12ths hhds. ; other spirits, 70Jhhds. 3,887 cases; wino,3,O70èhhds. 4,74*3} coses; beer, 4,079JhhdB. 5,760 cases and caslci ; tobacco, 35hhds., 207 casks, 1,898 bales, 21 tierces, 338 half- tiercep, 87 quarter-tierces, 31 kegp. 6,053 three-quarter boxes, 2,975} oas-ît and boxee; cigare, 785 8-lOtha cases: suuff, 35 packages; tea, 23,710 chests, 13.208J half chests, 7,451 boxes; coffee,2,992 baps, 3 tiorcjj, 210 casks, 1,012 barrels; sugar, 82,310 biji raw 30,270 packages; molasses, 45hhde. ; chicory, 209 packages ; opium, 7 cheats 110 packages; dried fruits, 7,838 packages; hopi, D2 pockets 24 bales : rice, 4,456 baga ; m tit, 713 bags; colonial spirits, l,581hhds. Tho imports at tho port of Melbourne during the past week were of the declared value of £197,508, and the exports of £05,017 ; the balance being in favour of the former by £131,921. In tho following table, the import) and exports aro given weekly for the current year, sido by side with those of the corro «jAiidlng weeks of. 1862, together with «,.». «.tais for both periodsP *m ih*: IWtek ending ¿Tv 8 10 17 24 81 7 _ ' 1* " 21 _*. ^ Jireh 7 ". 14 ». 21 28 iirn 4 » 11 A 1B »»J " 23 " 80 Jua 6 » ïS « 20 Importa. 143,220 411,270 187,805 265,860 476,021 171,705 207,602 200,969 249,010 195,932 810,912 217,578 208,041 880,229 218,760 121,942 221,402 247,473 06,153 835,170 01,026 241,785 873,880 122,040 187,040 £ 846,519 170,403 488,710 221,410 410,102 107,414 467,973 818,431 462,738 201,800 162,410 63,872 140,648 223,845 659,070 100,634 163,620 250,732 87,150 127,320 420,013 257,004 157,817 376,811 107,608 1802. £ 94,153 287,734 232,709 428,548 895,343 125,005 221,122 860,731 220,228 129,234 832,922 70,209 869,776 82,800 200,791 213,524 203,671 200,056 108,227 273,679 171,009 250,887 184,370 68,483 «34,670 195,19t] 623,001 102,668 669,125 117,733 100,005 142,228 233,456 403,101 117,314 180,126 239,817 208,307 811,052 83,732 168,780 804,005 851,427 113,(85 03,123 405,170 101,242 70,603 203,500 05,017 I 5,959,790 I O,7C3,800 I 5,380,080 | C.ÖqtIsT Sinco the departure of tho last mall for~ Iigland, the following,eales of station Dro- it Hies have been effected :-Aidonarcliy and Cjafton Stations, in tho Western District »id Townninnie, in tho Wimmera District! ti) stocked, at ruling rates, and on customary " Itims; also, 161a. Sr. and 88p. of agricultural Jjnd at Keilor, a portion of the Gleneyle Tftatc, at £9 per acre; and, by order of »«si*. Hastings and Frank Cuningham.tha Salisbury Plains Station, situateof on the J oddon River, together with 3,701 acres of iwehnsed land, 150 head of cattle and 100 qrees, for the sum of £7,500 ; and, tho Me ?«*£ st.ati01,i togetherwith 11,000 ewes and f ,600 head of cattle, to Mr. George Uranhort Jcr the sum of £43,000. eirqunart, MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Office, Wednesday Evening. She tronsitctionB In buflkoas generally Blncothod» I saturo of the last mall havo beon mostly of unía, jortant churacter, and of insufficient extent, willi em« low exceptions, to influence pricos, which 1er nest artidCB remain almost without chango. Stockt te I nearly all descriptions ol Impotted goods went, at n es timo of the deporturo of tho last mail, ampio, and Ile heavy arrivals sinco to hand have quito cotmtcr lahncedany benoflt whloh might havo boen derived iiom tho intelligence by the April mall of cojslderatrl« «./-linn In iifnnt ni ol,lnm"n.,, »."" ii.., « ec'lno In extent of shlnmcnts from the home mir- léis. The season, coupled with tho limited succeti of. ii «*y of the diggers in New Zealand, has caused tbore i urn of number», and country trado has consoquoatlr leen slightly improved. .Departures aro, howevor, »lDl considerable ; and storekeepers, acting with great notion, purchase vory sparingly. Speculation hu 1 (en inactive, and, with a few exceptions, the tnnuc lil ni dono haï o hoon for tho supply of direct require x. eaits. Buslnees generally is reported In a fair healthy rendition ; but improved activity Is scarcely it thii» ilemld-wlntcr. season to be oxpoctcd, and holden nettly seem disposed to realize without pressiez for «xliemo quotations. Ale and Stout have been in moro moderate inquiry, fid prices are easier, without prospect of any amend- ment. Stocks of alo of tho old brew oro heavy, and to (fleet sales in quantities rates lower than quited muldf no doubt, bo accepted. Draught stout mila Ulm its price, but is of but limited sile. Bot'Jod boori (1 ilcst brands move off but slowly, whilst In- itiier or unsound parcels aro pushed off byatii tlcn at almost any procurable rates. Quotations: l'cer.-Bass's new No. 8, £8; Allsopp'«, £8 to £8 fi«. ; t tber Burton brewon', £716s, to £s por hhd. ; Joule's lioso, £8 to £8 6s.; Tcnncnt's, £7 per hhd.; 1 jass's bottlod, 10s. to lOi. 8d. ; London and < denial Co.'r, 9s. Od. to Os. Od ; Allsopp'*, 101. lo.10b, Sd. ; other bottlers', 8s. Gd. to 9s. Stout - I lit brands, £7 5s. ; othor brewers', £0 10s. to £7 per lid.; Dublin stout, Os. Od.loOs. 0J. ; Byass'e bottlod, Di. 3 C. to 0s. Od. ; London and Colonial Company's, Di. to J a. id. ; Barclay's, bottled by Friend, quarts, 0s. Od. to 9s. Od. ; othor bottlers', 7s. Gd. to 8s. Od. p;r c e len. Bacon and Hams havo been iu botter supply, but 1) o steady demand, chiefly for tho Now Zealand Hade, keeps tbo market clear and prices steady. The . slabilslimcnL of local curing factories wi 1, no doubt, erelong, Influouco tho value of imported sorts, coi i (¿embie supp los being already at markot, an), ? lihougbof oxcellont quality, selling at lower rates ilian »io required for imported. (Juotatlons aro : ?* orkshlro or Wiltshire hams, Is. 4d. por lb. ; Irish (E nclair't), Is. 6d. por lb. ; do. (Coey's), Is. ia. per lb. ; ilonan's bellies (bacon), 1b. 4d. per lb. ; Sinclair's do., It. Sd. per lb. ; Warüig'e, Is. Sd. por lb. ; Moffatt's, li. le), por lb. Bags ard Sacks.-Woolpacks 'are of more ready nie, at Improving prices, 6s. to fis. 3d. being thevilui < I full «elfhts. Corn sacks aro in easier request, ani i uo':cd at from ISs. to 19s. per dozen for good three II »bol bags. Butter li in less activo demand, and prices are rather (looping, le gd. to Is. SJd. boil g tbo blühest procur i lie) rates for best nowly-landcd parcels of double le to Cork. Supplies of fresh aro coming forward li ore plentifully, and to snch extent as will probably le foro long interioro with tho salo of imported I arcóle. Cintiles bavo rnnnlderahlv dpnltnn.1 in ,l«m.n,t Candios havo considerably declined in demand, end aro castor In prico, sound parcels belog some vl.at difficult of sale. By auotlon considorablo lou of «Umagcd are constantly bolng placed at almost any satis obtainable. Tho largo shipment« idrlsai of foreign, mall o tend to dipicss tbo market, and will li event [any early amondment In pricos, which miens follows :-English full- wo'ghts, 16 per lb.; ) iht do., Old. to lOd. por packot ; Nova Bicariño Com jim's, «13. per lb. Cheese of primo qualities romains vory salsahlo, at lull rates, host English sorts bringing 13JeL to ltd. per ? lb. ; Oouda, lOd. to lOjd. for best conditioned Cement has undergono no change. Portland ii t,noted at 21s. to 26s. per barrel. Bomjn in no In i.uiry, and price nominal. Chicory has been in modorato inquiry at rather letter price» ; best srurploi ruling fruin 3}d. to3]J. jer.lb. In bond. Coals.-Iaporiations of English hive bon llirh-, I nt. oro now wholly needless, tho mark, t being plontt - )«Hy supplied from colonial sources, which bring about îfs.'toïOs. por ton-moro than wbioh would not b» ] loco rabio tor English. CoiTeo.-Docllne in demand his boon fo'lowtd ]>/? it «1er rates, and .for Coylon plantation notoiorlljd. j ti lb. is procurnblo. Nativo is quoted nt Pd. to OJeL ; .'»va, lOd. ; and Manilla, 9d. por lb. A paicelof Bomo 690 j nrtngos is to hand frrm Madras, and a vessel arrived »title Beads this morning from Manilla « til probably 1 »lug a furthor supply, which will not tend to improvo I lice». Ctnfectlontry. is in fair demard, bu*, like sovoril other articles, lniorfcred with by local manufacturers ; t ti-t »esorted Í8, however, faloablo in small ptrcols at lid. ; Jujubes, 12d. to 12}d. ; candled peel, 12d. t> 33d. per lb. Cordsgo continuos much as when last reported. Xsnilla ropo is dull of salo. Europe ropo In light le qticit. Calcutta lines, in email lots, an ol tolerably lair role. Gocd seaming twit o continus indoniand, at unaltered ratos. Prices aro:-Europe ropo, £30 tn £35; Manilla, assorted bIecs, £47 to £19; Russian, £18 to £40; Calcutta lines, £40 to £47 por toa; Ituning and roping twlno, 14Jd. to )5d. per lb, XiugB, &c-; Opium is lather moro calcable than «len fast reported. Stocks of Patna aro reduced ton light quantity, but prices art unaltered. Prtpsredii it botter tale, nnd brings from 26s. 6J. to 20s C1, per ranlstcr, duty paid. Soda crystals are slightly ted -ur.ccd ; eales reported at £816?. Soda ash and c.ustlc leda dull of sale. Carbonato of soda and sulphuric s cid In Btarcoly any inquiry. Flour of sulphur, 21s. lo ii», por cwt. ; carbonato of soda, 17s. Od. to 18s per ovt. ; coda crystals, £8 10s. to £8 15.'.; caustic sids, £'.9 lo £20; soda ash, £10 to £11 ; sulphuric add, 4eL lo 4 Jd. per lb. ; opium, Patna, £240 per chost ; pre Ttied, 10s. Od. to 29n. Od. per eanlster, duty paid. Tish (Dried and Salted).-Lbig of prime iitalit? ii tt moderato inquiry, bott parcels, being taloablsnt Ha. to 6}d. per lb. ; other dcBC.-lptiins in hut little» «femand. Quotations aro I-Ling (best samples), 611. loSJd. per lb. Herrings-Arl ins, 10s.; half-btrrels, Í7«.¡ red, EOs. to 82s. per dozon lins of Ueelorou t ich. Flour and Grain.-The market for theso articles 1 at underg. ne but small alteration, and sales hard leen chiefly corniced to tradoiequirenicntp, st steady »tes. Flour 1. still in but limited inquiry, butholdo s «cm quite indispostd to fcrco tbo n.aikct, preforrlnr io make small Bales at current rates. Wheat Is rather f »tier In inquiry as well as price, with a plentifit » 117 ply in South Australia, In case our Blocks run Bhort ; *i.d tho uncertainty as to coming supplies from Call- ie ula, whotber large or nono, u< soitlo» the piico of ibis grain, as well as barley and oats. Darloy U irk moderate request, at steady rates, and the lute consumption of o«ts keeps pricos tolerably well Bustalnod, although with the 'hoavy ship litntB of foreign in transit and tbo rccomroono »1 ent of exports of this grain from the torno markom, Lrices aro generally considered to havo «¡on their ightst, although ihe late arti »als aro chiefly beleg »tcied for bettor rates. Quotations aro:-Flour, 1er 2,0001b.-Tasmanian, £13 to £13 10s. per ton ; Victorian, country and town mode, £13 10s. to £14; Adelaide, £14; Mngaroy'í, Hart's, and Dunns Adelaide, £15 ; Californian, £18 ; United States, tía. por barrel. Wheat, per COlb.-Colonial, 6'. 41. to It. 9eL ; Adolaido, 0s. to 6s. 4d. ; Californian, fa Od. ; feeding sorts, 4s. Od. to 6s. Oats, nor «Ob.-Irish and Scotch, 4b. Od. to 6s. J Calif ir > iin, nono offering; ; colonial, 5a 61. to fis. llu I'ailey, por 601b.-Capo and Californian, 4s. Od. tv 4t. 8d. ; feoding, 4s. ; malting, 6s. Od. to Ok Malro, por601b., 6s. to 6s. 8d. Gram, per ton. £14. Bun, per 201b., Is. ÎJd. Oatmeal, por ton. Scotch, £28; colonial, £3t to £85. Truii, Dried.-Iho advanced season of tho year iij «Juces a large consumption ol dried sorts, which will. in all probability, sustain prion until froth fruits como In «gain. Bino the arrival of tho mall largo spécula- tive purchases of currents have been made, and tho Inlk of tho stock Is now in the hands of one firm, »hose price for ronnie is not yot notlQod, but reportai to be above 7d. per lb., duty paid. IUtlslm are »Iso moro Inquired -for, and muscatels havo chingesl lauds to somo extout-lajora at 7jeL, and looto at til. per lb. Dncd apples havo also boon in domand, anl 1 cue» 1 at scarce. Lato arrivals from New York hay«, lowcver, temporarily supplied the deficiency. Prie» «e >bfollow :-Almond (soft she!), 7d. to 7Jd. ; cur- iante., Od. to OJd. duty paid. Muscatel raisins, layers, CJí. to 75d. ; Elemo, 6jd. ; Cape, 6Jd. to 7d. ; French j-ltjinF, lOd. to Is. ; fig«, Turkey pullod, OjeL te 7d. ; dried apples (American), Od. to Old. ps>r lb. Gunpowder is In vory limited Inquiry, and ho t tiindsof blasting cannot bo quoted at aboro 7d. to 71d.perlb. , ,, IIopB aro again dull of sale, and prices castor, late growths being the only sorts in any inquiry. Kent sid Bund, 1862, are j quoted at Is lOd. to 2 c, hut islet »ro reported at tho fuimcr price.' Mult is it» letitncd demand. Tho shipment« announced hy the moll are large, onl our own soisou beingoa at iiesoht tondB to reduce prlciJ. Silos of Engiba íreWFtM«0" »'* T'". »J-pe^Dnshel.dut/ i «Id, aid holdeis prefer storing to forcing sales at lever figures. Metals havo undergone) bnt little variation, and mices aro mostly unaltered. 'Corrugated galvaahud Iron continues in good request at formor pnces ; tin ¿.mind, however, is not for largo parcels. B»r an! jod, plato and shoot iron dull at quotations. Pig Iroa dull, but well held. Bhcot load has worked low in stock, and has, consequently, improved la piico. Zino In limited Inquiry. Quotations aro-« Morowood's patent corrugatod galvanized tlnnol, U and 20 gauge«, £80 por ton. Moro wood') ettrragatod galvanized. No. 2, or untlnnod, £86 do. ; ¡rapper's do., £35 do. ; Hamilton's or othor Eng- lish maker's, £25 do. ; Scotch, £30 do. ; Moro rood's galvanlzod tinned plain, 28 and 28 íaugas, £83 do. ; Topper's or othor English maker's, £80 do. ; Scot-.h do, £8* do. : rod arid bar, boat Staffordshlra trand», BMI, £10 do.; do., Scotch, £0 do.; plato, ¿13 do. ; sheet, assorted, £14 do. ; anglo and T, £l{ 4o. ; hoop, £12do. ; pig, £816s. do. ; Swedish, nosaloi. Xeal-rlpo, assorted slzos, £27 to £28 do.; Bhoot, milled, averted, £80do. ; shot,assorted, £80. Steel.-. Bister, £2 6s. nor cwt. ; east, ¿210s. do. Un-Blooï, la, ed. to Is. 9d. por lb. ; platoj, charcoal, IO. platos, durcoal, IX, 20 por cent, alvance. Wiro-Fencing, black, £1310s. to £14 per ton ; gal '»nUod, Noa. 1 ti « £20 do. Zino-Rolled, light, £80 to £81 do. : do, nilli. £2 8i. to £210s. por cwt Oils, Punts, ¿te-Linseed oil is somowhat acuno, md in demand at quotations. Chinese Is also light in iteck. ano brings advanced rates. Kerosene is la filrlrquliy, but rather coiior in price. BynU3tloi Delay a pared of Oriental and rhllbrick'a brands han been placed at from 2s. Od. to 2s. Od. per gallon. Cola t dull of inlo. Turpontlne, scarce, and wanted. Palnti, icircclf In any inquiry. Quotations aro:-Korowno, ja, Od. ti 3s Ohlnoso, 4s. 7d. to 4s. OeL Llnsäod, Cf. Sd. to Os. 6d. per gallon. Turpontlne, 18s. po: «lion; »liltelead (best), 83s. to 85s. por owt.; In- terior, 23". to 80s ; rod lead, 2Gs. to 57a. pox owt. Oilmon's Stores -Tho domaad generally has bso.i rood, with a Beard '.y of sovoral artlcloa, for which .li ) »beetico ot fresh fruits crcatos an Increased donund. Bottled fruits and Jams, ospoclal'y, havo been In goo I requcit, and keep steady at about 12s. por doz in. Pickles ara In rathor botter Icqulr/ Vinegar Is molo, nitlrsurpllcdandlofgoodsalc. Quotationeliroasf How: -Blue, thumb, OJd. to lOd. per lb. ; Durrie powlor, qtutrts, 13s. to 14s. per doton j fruits, bottled, quirt j, 12i do. ; Jams and Jellies, lib. tins, 12s. do. ; loa- ders, lib. tins, American, 7s. 6cL do. ; maoironl, gd. por lb. ; vermicelli, white, Naples and Genoa. Td, do.; mustard, Ia balk, No. 2, 8eL do. J do., in lib. bottles, 12s. per dozen ; do., in Jib. bottles, Ja ed. do. ; ojrutors, presorvod, lib. tins, 17s. to 17s. ed perdozen ; io., 21b. this, 21s. do. ; pickles, pints, Si io.: salad oil, pints, 12s. por dozen; do,, half, pint», 7a do. ; salmon, presorvod, lib. tins, 17s. da ; sardine«, halvos, 9s. Od. do. ; quartern, Os. ii do. ¡ sancos, assorted, half-pints, 8s. do. : do. Worcestershire (Lea and Perrins'), 12s. to 12s. Od. do. ; lurch (Colman's), 6Jd. por lh, ; vinegar, brown (Oiutmplon's 24), 2s. 8d. por gallon ; do., concern ittted, quarts, 9s. to 10s. per dozen ; white wuio, Is. ii per (tallon. Quicksilver romains In but limited inquiry, prill I mutig at from Is. lOd. to 2i. Id, por lb. Bice is still firmly held by tho lato spoouUtlvo purchasers ; but second tran<actions aro of vory llm'tad eiteot, and prices unsettle i, buyers seemingly belar -unwilling to pay tho adian-cd ratcB sought to b> obtained. Potna is quoted a. £26 por ton, duly pill, bot wo hear of no silos of eny oxtont at that Q¡\i:e. Salt, notwlthitandlrgtho light shipmouts ropoeto I, iabardlyeo Armor le so much demand. Forcoirso, not «boto £3 5s. p"r ton Is procurable ; fino reunlm steady at from £6 to £5 2s. Od. per ton. Spirits.-Brtndlos havo como more plentifully to lud, particularly of modiutn sort-, a heavy aupp'y «fwblcbhas arrived, per St. Josoph, from Via onto. HuteH's and Ileiinesty'a continue In request, and ben «nulllles of dark of all good brands are inqulrod for nenuctiv's. In caso, is vorv ¡circe anil -" - liligi a blgh ligure. Hum continuos in but niodontj inoutty, hut piicc-i havo improved. Case wnlsko/ ii but moderately stockod, aud somewhat lmprovla; in inquiry. Geiiov* is easier, wlthhoavy stock«, all tbe large oominir supplies preclude tho prospect of any early amendment on present prices. Old tom hu Toiled down in stock, and prices aro firmer, al.liiujti no Improved demand can bo reported. Quota tims aie (hi bond) :-Brandy-Martoll's, dark, 12s. ; pile, 18s. per gallon; Honnossy's do., Ile. Od. per gallon ; palo, ISs. ; Otsrd's, 10s. 6d- to 10i. Di. do, ; United Vlnoyard Proprietors* Company's do , Id. 6d. ; Champagne Vineyard Proprietors' Oom ploy's do., 10s. to 10s. Od.; pale, 11s. do. ; Vino. «rowers', IO», do. ; Legor Freres, 10s. do. ; othor blinds, do., 6s. to 8s. Od. do. ; palo, Henneiey <, 81s. per dozen c»3e; do., United vineyard Pro* ?meters', 29a. to 80s. do ; Vinozrowors*, 263. to 57«, do.; Champagno Vlnoyard Proprietors* Oin jafi, 26a. to 27s. do.; Legor Freres, 26b do ; Clouwau's, 24s. to 26s. do. Gleneva-JDKZ or key brand, 10s. Od. por four- gallon case; do., d3., [i. 6d. to 7s. per half-caso; do., othor brands, 83. ti to 9s. Od. por case. Oin-London old toni, best brands, 8s. per gallon; do., do., 14s. to 151. per dozen. Bum-East India, 20 to SO o.p., Is. I) 1. lois, 8d. per gallon; West India, 10 to 12 o.p., Si. io.; do., 20 to 80 o.p., 8s. Od. do. rVhtskoy-lrl.iii, Hehan's, 4s. do. ; Scotch, host, 4s. do. ; do., bus bunds, 12s. 6eL to 18s. per dozon case. Sugars continuo dull, and low Ia price. Snpplloi »n large, and as cargo aftorcirgo arrlvo thiyar» tbnut ou the market, and forced oil by auction at th} bot obtainable prices. The last salo effected was ab )',r. Í.M0 bags, ox Amazon, from Mauritius, and the prlcj i tltilned must be considered tho market rates, whie i vere as follow :-£23 6s. lo £26 6s. for good to Hi > niions; £30 to £31 for good coantors; £311)'. t> iii ii. Od. for fino counter* ; yellow crystals. £31101. per ton. In Java and Msnllla sugars io sales of any extent havo been made, and prices aro almost noml ni. lea.-Tho market has boon quiet, and with nit any reportant change throughout tho month; and tha fide being well supplied by tho aoiivo business pro riously dolo?, bavo felt indisposed to purchase to any atent bejond their ordinary requirements. Lome prices In some instances have consequently hoon a?. opted, and tho greater portion of the lato arrival* remaining on hand, no Immodlato alteration In pneoaj can be lockod for, although the tonor of advices frcm China lead to tho proBpoct of advanced prises onsulng lhere. Quotation» ar.-:-Congou, vory ordinary low md broken to good ordinary coarse, Is. 4d. to Is. Od, ; middling to good, Is. Old. to le. lid. ; superior t > fine, 2s to 2s. Od. per lb. in chests ; ia half-ohoits Id. to 2d. por lb. extra is obtainable. Scented orango peko j, la. Od. to 2s. Od. ; hysonsklu (common to fine), Is, 81. to Is. Cd. ; gunpowder, 2s. to 39. per lb , io bond. The timber trado has presented no animation throughout tho month. Several parcels of various de- scriptions of tlmbor h wo been placed by auction ; bus being mostly unsound or of inferior descriptions, tin prices realized afford no criterion for the valuo ot sound sortB. Baltic deals, of good quality, 9x8, an quoted at fid. ; other sizes at proportionate ratei. American lumber, lln.,T. aid (5., £11 to £1110*. ; -white pino sholvlng, £U 10s. ; clear pino, £14103. pet l.OOOa. to £10 109. ; flooring, 0 x If, 18s. Od. to Hi. per 100ft. Tobacco,-A steady demand has oxlstod, and price I taro bcon quito Buppsrtcd. With tho largo lioil comumpti >n and shipping demand for the noiehbour icg eclonics, rates aro very firm, without any proipsir, ol declino. Considerable parcels havo been offered tóe- nlo by auction; or d whero sales havo beon effeo ed full »les havo bcon procurod. Sheepwash (doitrotod)ii conslderablo quantity has been placed by auct'on a*, 'rom 8Jd. to 0a. per lb. Quotations are as follow:-Tons, Si. Od. to 8s. 8d. ; half-pollada, 2s. lOd. to 8s. 6d. ¡ aro rustle, halves, 4s. to 4s 3d. ; sound twl .t, of good orjl tuy brands, 4s. 3d. to 4s. Od. por lo. Swlsi olzart hue been placed by auction at 70s. per 1.000, duty [sid. Manillas are quot d at 65s. per 1,000, In hind. Wines.-Ports of low to medium quality are in mi- tai« Inquiry. Shorry very dull of »ale. Champagaj ol nae quality is ecarco ; but other descriptions of ligifc lines aro plentiful, and In no domand. MELBOURNE MARKETS. Wednesday, June 24. Tas Hills.-Millers report a steady trade demand, .I unaltered prices. Fino Hour is quoted at from £13 Its. to £14 per ton of 2,0001b. ; bran, Is. 2Jd. por buthcl; wheat (colonial), 6s, ia. to 5a. Od. per bushel ; oatmeal, £34 to £36 per ton. RrriEi MutKBTB.-Batchers' Meat.-Boot, 5d. to 7d. per lb. ; mutton, 4d. to Od. do. ; veal, 7d. to 8d. da; pork, Od. to lOd. do. Poultry.-TurkoyB, Bs. t> is. each; geese, 10s. to 12s. nor pair; ducks,' 6s. 6d. to7«. do.; fowls, Ss. 6d. to 6s. Od. do.; rabbits,7b. I» brue ; butter, fresh, Is. 8d. to 2s. por lb. ; eggs, 2a to 2s. Gd. par dozen ; broad 64 to 7d. tho iib. loaf ; muir, 8d, to lOd. per quart. Hat Market.-Tho supply sont ia lias boon in ox cos of tho demand, hut a fair iuquiry existing, prlooi lave been tolerably vvoll sustained :-Batt hay brlog* £7 to £710a.-; inferior aod second qualities, £6 to £5 li* ¡ straw, -£4 to £410s. per ton. EiBiERN Mabket.-Tho market continues amply ?nppllcd with all seasonable vegetables of the flnor. descrlptliins. Tho inquiry was nomevhat improvol this morning, but prices Bhow no improvement, anl loloma Inetanco*. prndtico ia all but given away, ia peterenco to bolng ctrtcd back. Dalry proeluo» *u in good supple, and prices stoady. Poultry wi «thor scarco,' and brought full rates. Tin following woro about tho price* obtained: Jerusalem artichokes, ljd. por lb. ; boot, Is. pa. joien; bouqhota, Os. to 12s. per dozen: cabbagei, «t to 2s. per dozen ; carrots, Oel. to la.. po «Men bunches ; cauliflowers, la. to 8s. per doma ; Twy, 2s. ed. to 6s. per doren bunchCB ; watercress, 8o. to Is per dozen bunches ; horseradish, 8s. to 6 j. P« dozen bunches ; look, 1b. per dozen bunohoj; «Huco. 8d. to 6d. por dozen; marjoram, 100. por «oten bunches ; mint, lOd. do. ; onions (dried), 8}d. ¡° 4d per lb. ; do. (green), 6d. to la. per dozoa Waches ; parsley, 6d. por dozon bunches ; paranlpi, JJ per dozen bunches; poas, 3d. per lb.; potatooi, * to 7s. 6d. per owt. ; do. (young). Id. per II). ; . Pmpklns, 3s. to 6i. por dozen; radish, Od. par «aen bunches ; spinach, Jd. per lb.; thyme,.. 01. Pjr doron buncbos ; turnips, Od. do. ; tomatoos, JJ- per lb. ; vegetable marrows, la. per dozon. JT««.-Apples, 41, por lb. ; molona (preserving), «t each ; pears, 6d. per lb. chorry-plums,' Is. do. ; Wjesirawborrlos, Od. to 1b. do. Dairy Produce. futter, Is. Od. to Is. 8d. por lb. ; ducks, 6s.' 61. T »a. Od. por pair ; eggs, Is, 8d. to 2s. per doion ; $««,88. to Oi per pair; hens. 4s. Od. to 5s.> 61. «J. i honey, 7d. to lOd. por lb. ; pork, 9d. to 101. FF lb. ; Bucking pigs, 12s. Od. each ; turkeys, 9s, t> H 4I" "*** : n'l8- 8<L to lB- 8d" peI Ib' 'lftri' .»Yl?)l,,lAt*0w, Hmas, &C.-Messrs.; Clough anti O >. JW tho annexed roport of these markets-" WojU ~uejond a sm¡ül auction (ale which took placo yor.or. Tr, »hen 211 bales of wool woro catalogued, ot whtol «»ut half wero consignments from No* Zealand, anl »wyt all of which were olthor withdrawn orpasiol, MlMog whatever bos transpired in this market ti la «««tetho smallest approach to vitality. Abouti 12) ¡ö"536" tho hammer at prleeB which, whUst iho r «ord no criterion of cttrront market rates, lndfpata ¿*ff. sb,ence of legitimate operations. Ia faoî» w this icason of tho ypar, it Is impoislbla t> TM quotations which will convey tho smailes? In .îîi 1,"" t0 tho probablo future position, of »wiri, Ihe reasonable conjecture Is, that the IntoUl KLîoc(!lTcd. P°r Bombay on tho 10th mat. Is lltoly *£Za"T ».beneficial result on the minds of pro *S. ln.îhll, oountry; inasmuch as thoy will tiVe> «med at the conviotlon, to whloh the reports recorvo 1 T« «¡rope1 during the lait four months hare *oa îotffi «gth*o' «»'they must eventually give way mÎÏ. '"Su<!n«8 which a largely increaiing supply will '"«nully oxerclso upon a demand which is cerialol v «1 rrrportioncd to ft. Boneo It is a problei aï } He prêtent memont difficult of loliitlon, whether tho cclonlal prodectr will penlst In his'demands in the ftce of a continuously falling London market, or con ?fut to a'reduction of prlco, which the result of tho ptat season's clip points to sb boing, at any rate tem- porarily, inevitable'. Tho Customs clearances havo . teen as follow :-For tbo woek ending May 2?, 24,C33ib.,-valuo £1,850; May 80, 114,8001b., volte) £7,060 ; Juno 0, 42,8221b., valuo £3,410 ; Juno 13, 310,6221b., valuo £8,700; total, 801,2771b., valuó £21,110. ' Add previous shipments from September 20, 1EG2, to May 10,1803, 10,031,6411b , valuo £1,620,683. Cmi.il total, 19,832,8181b., v»!uo £1,641,103. Tho eily elilp wluch has cleaiod with wool since'tur lest ho a been the Anglesey, vith 702 bales. Tallow. -A fair demand exists for tallow for local' uso for car die-making, and a moderate amount has boon shipped to the neighbouring co'onles during) tho xrenth, for tho tamo purposo. Ihe e-hipmentB from this port to England aro contcquently comparatively mall. We quote, as current rates in this market, 'ow nmllty beef from £20 to £38 ; good b.'cf aad nixed, from £81 to £87; inferior mm tor, from £87 3 Ce. to £48; and best mutton from £44 to £46 por ton. Tho only shipment since our last month's xeport has been IO casks, per Anglesey, on the Oth of Juno. Hides.-Cuuntry- saltcd hides aro worth fr< va On. to 10s. Od. each, according to quality. Town cured, nlted down on board slip, reollto 13s. Od." " Mesera. Ooldebrough and Co.'s report i i as follows , " Wool-Slnco our report of last month, the amount «I business transacted has, as might bo expected at this > et ei n ol tho year, boen very l.mltcd, tho only lots c ming ia boing ecourcd and small parccLi from New Zealand. A llttlo more animation may bo oxpectod in tie courso of next month, as wo havo advices of about 1.C00 bales being on the way frrnn the Darling to our st ores, havlngbccn dolayed in consequence of that rivor not being navigable for want of water. Al present thli majletls very dull, only onoauctlonsalehavitigbeonheli s rice- last mail steamer loft, when wo offen d 260 bales, tho bulk of which was bought in, prlcoj offered boing tinder our valuations. Ihe Anglesey cleared for X or «Ion on th» 10th inst. with 702 bales, making the total shipments from October 25,1802, to date 86,05} bales. Prices Current.-Groasy-Inferior to ordinary, 7d. to 8d. ; ordinary to average, 8Jd. to lOd. ; good io tup« iii r, lOJd. to If. DJeL; Fleece-Inferior to oidtraiy, 1b. 2d. to Is. 4d. ; ordinary to avorago, la. Cd. to Is. 7d. ; good to superior, nono offering; Set urcd-Ordinary, la. 4d. to Is. 7d ; good, Is Sd. to 1b. lOd. ; suporior, 2s. to 2s. 3d. Eli'cä.-Tho Wave of Lifo is now loading; with hldoi, »id will carry a largo quantity, principally on o» nora' account. Pareóla In shipping order aro quoted at from 1C». to 14a each. Tallow.-Our quotat ons nro about tame is last month, say- Beef, £88 to £3S ; mixed, £84 to £30 ; mutton, £39 to £48, in shipping order. Di raaiid Is very limited, prlceB being; genornl y cju tidtred tco high to leavo a margin for pre ii-." liVB Stock.-Messrs. Dalmahoy Campbell and Cj mr ply tho subjoined report:-"Fat Cnttlo.-A full et j ply, viz. 1,146 head, camoforward. At tlieoponlnr e f i ho markot, in consequence of last week'» moelorato itpply, thero was a very good demand, and eli loM penned, including somo of very middling; quality, mot -vith a reaelysalo at a slight advance on )n>t vmot't pi ices. The second day's sales wero also b-t;or at- tended than usuil, ewing to tho atrhal ol oom) tu I el lor lots, sales of wh'ch woio effected nt ovon letter than the former day's prices. We quote very rupcrior primo pans, bullocks from £9 lo £1016s. ; de., ordinary weights, fiom £7 to £i; second quillty do., from £5 to £010a ; inferior c1«., Irotn 30a. to £8 108. No prime cows offered. Good quality brought from £4 10s. to £0 Ha ; second to b ferlor de, from 80s. to £2 15s. Sovcn working bullocks, veiy heavy and prime, averaged £13. lV'u to d 101 lead bullocks from the run of Mr. It. T. Firebraco, Gipps Land, at an jiyorago of £0 8s. Od. ; ni«., sixty Gipps Land, at an average of £0 8s. Gd. ; n!n -, sixty four ii ad for Mr. Wm, ¿yali, from Wo-iern Port, at an average of £8 Os. Od.-fifty-tbreo lund of the latter wero of tho Hereford and Durham cois, which lol beauty and symmetry could notboe-uriinsscd, and ale bough many of them were young, tho pricesrral zod . hew tho value of carotul and Judicious selection <f malo animals for bleeding purposo«. Wo also silo sixty four bead inferior cow», from tho Cculburn, at an average of £3 14-. Od. Fat Efcecp.-A full tupply, viz. 0,020, cania forward, cod prising for the most part lots of useful but not pi ¡mo quality. Tho only lot woithy of particular ne lice was half a pen of cross- bred sheep, very larg J fieme, four of which brought 30s., the remainder 20a. .J ho eupply havii.g been under tho avemgo number last-week, the stock in the hands of tho linchéis wat limited, consequently thcro was a good demand, and tully SB gocd prices as lost wo k'swere obtained. Too few lots of primo quality wethcis and avcrngo wolght cfTered brought from IGa. to 17a. Od ; gocd do., from l61, to 16a. Od. ; second qualities, from 12a. Od. to 143. We sold 018 cf Messrs. Staughton'», at current ratos. Tat rjalves.-A very full supply, viz. 182 head, cania foiword, and prices ruled lower. Wo bold 27 goid quality, at from 30;. to40'. Lambs.-Only 43 pennol. Wo sold 36 for Postre. Staughton, at IO). 3d." Mr. Charles Brown's mm kct report is as follows : " Fat Cattle.-Tho matket wss fully Buppllcd, 1,145 lead laving como forward. For really primo catt'o much hotter prices woro obtainable than last wcok. Best bullocks fetched from £8 to £10, and medium qualities from £C to £7 ; cobs from £4 to £7, ocoord 5rg to qua'lty. Fat Sheep -Of thcBO th oro was n vory large tupply (9,020), of which tho trado took ahbib fl.ECO ; ehlppcrp, 300 ; country buyers, 800 ; and tho Tem» Inder wero turned lack. Ik at wethers sold at Ire m 16s. to Ids. Gd. ; medium qualities, 13s. to 14a. 01. Store Cattle.-I havo many inquirios for thoso, bus lhere oro fow lots of good cattle tfft ring. There is no alteration In prices to quote. Bullocks aro worth 60s. ; srajed cowe, 35s. to 40s. ; mixed lots, about equal sixes, 4's. to 46s." Store shoep aro much Inquired for, but lhere aro vory fow In tho markot First dais New South Wales wethers could very roadlly lo placed at'Kb. to 12a. Od, Meters. Ka} o and Butchart supply tho annoxed repoi t : - " Fat Cattle-A fair tupply, amounting to 1,145. Sleeks on hand being lighter, and tho bulk off crol ii fer i or, euch beasts as woro good to prime sold at a coislderable advanco on late quotations. A few very heavy wojkera fetched from £1116s. to £ij. "1 hf ruling prlco für prime beef being about 20a. per ICOlb. Best bullocks sold from £7 10s. to £10161. ; re 1 (Hum do., from £5 to £010s. ; inferior do., from £3 to £4 10s. ; bCBt cows, £0 to £7 6s. ; good do., £4 to dCClO«. ; inferior do., £2 to £8 6s. We sold for Mr. M'Evoy, 160; average- bullocks, £4; cows, £3 0i. Mr. M'Millan, 70 ; avcrago-butlocks, £7 Is. ; cows, £0 8s. 6d. Mr. Startup, 23 ; avengo-bullocks, £07s. Total, 243\. Culves.-On Monday thoy wero scatco and hlg'i. Wo si id a lot of Mr. M'Evoy's at an average of 48s. tld. Hi x1 day tho market was full, and pricos fell to half tint. 182 Id. Fat Sheep.-A very crowded marko!, sid a drop In price corresponding to last week's rise Wether« wero lower by Is. Od, to 2s. Gd. on rald ejllnp; to Inferior. Nearly 10,000 wore ponncd, the bulk of which the trado took : 800 shinned ' a.i 1 the bulk of which the trado took ; 800 shipped ¡ au I the residuo sold as stores, or timed out. Best wethers, 16p. to 10s Od. ; medium do., 13b. to 14;. Cd. ; lu- lo ior do,, Ils. to 12s. Wo fluid for Messrs. M'Let/ and Clark, 2,000 ; Mr. Fairbairn, 600 ; Mr. F. Andor. ton, 450, at quotations; total, 2,950. Lambs. \- Only 43 in, whloh sold high, to 16i. Storo Slock-We sold 4,050 vvothors, at 11s. 31." Mettre. Otorgo Kirk and Co. glvo tho following re roi t :-" Fat Cattle.-Cattle continuo to como to haiul lilly equal to tho requirements of the trado, anl pi ice b havo not materially altered since lastrepo-t. About 1,200 hoad carno to hand this week, compri.liig »fair proportion of good quality. For these thoro ivas toleradlo competition ; but tor inferior tliore wai little or no demand. We quote-Best bullocks, £0 iOs, to £9 ; a few pcua fetched higher pricos ; do. cows, £5 to £7; middling bullocks, £4 to£510s. ; do. cows, £3 lo £4 por hold. Inferior cattloat storo prices. Fat Bbccp,-This week thero was a large supply of sh-op, chiefly of medium qualltj-about 9,000. In ojnsu qui nee of so many of this description coming to hau.1, prices ha' o declined-say, best vvothers, 16s. Od. to 10.. Cd. ; medium do., 13s. to 14s. ; other?, Us. to 12s. por hc«d." Messrs. Ityan and Hammond report: "Tho fat cattle market was Bupplled with 1,145 lead, a groat proportion of which woro of mid- dling and inforior description, and difficult of tale at quotations ; tho primo quality to hand ?»erodi6potedof renjily at sati-factoiyprices. Primo ard gocd quality bullocks realized from £0 lOe. to £0; a few pons reached from £0 to £1016s. A few fat workers at fanoy prices. Second and midcltng quality hu'locks from £4 to £6 JO». Primo and gcod quality cows woro sold at from £5 tot£7, a few higher. Second and middling quality cows at from £8 to £4.' Iiforlor cattlo wero disposed of at and below prices for store Block. ' Wo havo sold forty buf'ocks fiom Western Port, at an averogo ol £7 15«. Fat Calves -Of thoso 182 «mo forward, and wero in good demand, bunging item 20s. to 55s, according to qua ity. Tho fat theep market wai woll supplied, 0,020 having boon ) ennid. lío mnjerity of tho Btoek waa of mlddl ng quility, and a reduction upon last quotations had to le ttihmlttcd to in order to clear cut this description. Ko primo sticop offered. Gotd useful quality wotliora reallzod from 16a to 10a., a very few up to 17s.; n iidlirg and socar d quality wethers from 18a. to 14s. ; fillers from 10a. to 12s. Very few owes offcrod; il.oeo to hand realized abtut 10b. Od. Wo havo told £83 wothers at 169.; 400 good owes, out d'dc, at 13a. . Lambs wero In demand, and those in of primo quality brought 10>." Motara. W. E. and A. S. King rcpoit:-"Tho cattlo market has boon moderately supplied with btock ; tho pro ].e i tlon of good and primo quality bting email, an a 1 t »nco on late ratea was obtained, which vi o Lok upon at lum ; for although largo lots aro expected to arriva, xrtny of them aro said to bo Inferior, which will moot -nilli dull salo. Wo quote best pons bullock», £8 to £9 ; ptod do. do., £0 to £7 10s.; bo t do. cows, £6 t» £R ; good do. do., £4 to £6. Wo sold 46 Dimca e Ci mpboll's bullocks, at £5 0s. lOd. ; de., do. cewa, £5. £r. ; 100 Thompson'and Cuinlngham's bullicka, £7 4t. id. Tho veal market bal been well supplied, atiet alllough there waa a largo number of inferior calvas, RCoel and primo went eli at a Blight ron notion on last week's rates. Best calvos brought 35s. to 40s. Tho tho. p market, owing ti tho rise in pi ices last wock, ?was overBtippllcd, and buslniBB vvus dull. Slightly lower ratos had to bo submitted to. Wo quoto liest » ethers, 17a. to 18s. ; good do., 15s. to 10a." > Hoiisk Market.-Messrs. George Kirk anil Co. fur- nish tho subjoined markot report:-" Tho mnrket'lias leen rather quiet throughout the week, aud prices may bo quoted without eeaterial altorati m slnca'pur last report. The yards woro modora-ely supplied with s'oek of a markotablo description, tmllhdilguros'do. manded being considerably above th- limits of buvori, few transactions were elTeu'cd, and several lots Wore. ?HithdtawTi. The demand for 0rst-cla.?a heavy draught Is lot quito so lively ; prices, I owtver, remained uu ihangod. 'Wo loceivoe, per Black Swan, from Laun- el sion, a shipment of vory useful cn-1-horses, moat of »liten woro disposed of at figures rnngtrp; from £32 to £86. Inferior aro still brought forward in largo num- ber r, and can only be quitted at vory low ratea. V.óry little doing ia unbroken stock; a fuvv woedy coIib waro taken at 25a. to 76s. per bead." Mr. Charles Brown'* report is as follows :-" Iii nos.-Thr. J ards havo heon ve» y bare this week. Thero has alto bcoa lessdlspoiltlon on the part of hu) crs to oporatc, but a'iil really good horses of ovory description havo been saleable at (air Îrices. Tho unfavourable nowa from Now Zealand to and just at the closo of the market will no elnibt produce a downward tendency in nuxt week's sales." Lahouh Maukkt.-As usual at this period oi tho y ter, tbo inquiry for all kinds of sgricul.ural and pis- tola] labour is comparatively l'ght, and tho cngi'jo xnents made in town have been limited. Marriod couples for country servlco havo been in modorate' de- mand, and there has been a limited inquiry for useful men for general farm work. Male dotue-stloi aro'in very little inquiry ; and mon for rough country wJrk are mostly engaged in tho dUtrkts vvhoro their Berrico» aire needed. Female servants aro in fair demand, ¡tho ?elections being almost entirely mado from those (en- abled to glvo respoctablo references tis to ability and character, young women unused to household work having difficulty in procuring situation'. Battajior wages are, however, fully austain-d, and no appli . a., lu mu ti Hung to engago for tu.y situjtloes uJdor the fuhest wages. 1 Seamen's viges havo unelorgoro ni change daring I Ile month, £4 being- still the current rate for ali I voyages, whether distant or wasting. Able seamen have been vory scarce, but the supply is moro ampio, although still barely adequate to tho demand for «utgclng vossots. I EXPORTS From the Port of Melbourno from the 16th ' May to tho 18th June. 1808, compared with the cxirrcspoaclliLg period of 1862. Im Agricultural Plemcnts Alkali-Soda, Apparel and slops Antimony ore,t one Arms and ammu I nition ,. Arrowroot, lb. .. Sags and cades .. Sark, tons Be«: \- Bottled, gala. .. Draught, do. .. Biscuit, tons Black sand, do. .. Blankots and wool lons Bones, tons Books Boots and shoes.. Bran, bushels . Bricks, No. Brushwaro Building materials Butter, tons Condies, do. Canvas Carnages, carts, I &c.; Casks, empty Cemon r, tons Cheese, tons Chicory .. Chlnawaro Ccalf, tons l Cocoa and choco | lato, lb... Coir fibre, tons Coffee Conioetionory Copper, tons' Copper ore, do. Coppcrwnro and I biusswaro Cordage, tons . Corks Cottons .. Cutlery .. , Drapery .. I Drugs j Drutrgiste' woro. iarthcnwuro I Tancy goods ' .Poll Fish | Salted, tons . I Presorvod Hour, tous i Fruit ¡ Dried .. Green, bushels Furniture.. Glana I Bottles .. Plato .. 1 Window Glasswnro.. Glua i Cold, ounces I Grain Barley, bushole Gram, tons .. I Mateo, buBhcls.. ! Malt, do. Oats, do. j Rico, tons I Wheat, bushels.. Grindery .. Guano, tons Gum, do. Haberdashery .. I Hard woro and I ironmongery . | Hats and caps . I Hay, tons.. I Hides, No. I Hollow oro i Horns and hoofs. ; Hops, lb. .. I Hosiery .. I Houses .. I Instrumenta Musical.. Sclcntlflo Iron, tons Jewellery.. Bead, tons Leather, do. i Boathcrware Limo, bushels . j BU o stock Cu ttlo, No. . j Horses, do. . Sheep, do. Poultry L ogs. No. Bilds Machinery I Morl lo .. I Matches and vestas I Mats and rugs Meal-Oat. tons.. 1 Metal, yellow, do. I Millinery Volasses JíbIIb and screws, tons ¥ aphtha and cam j.hlno, gals. .. Huts Oils, gal. OllclUh .. Oilmen's stores . 0[ ium Onions, tons Paints .. Paintings and en- gravings Paporhangings Perfumery goods .. fitch and tor . Pipes-Tobacco . Plants and seeds. Plate and platbd waro Plumbers' ware Potatoes, tons Preserves.. Printing materials Provisions Presorved Salted, tons Quicksilver Ballway materials Resin Saddlery .. Bago, lb. .. I Salt, tons .. ! Bhlpchandlory . Silks ! Skins l Slates, No. I Soap, tons Spccio t-pelter, toriB Spices S piries Brandy,. Cordials Gin Of vino.. Perfumed Bum ., - Whiskey TJndoscnbed Starch and blue Stationery Stool, tons i Stonewaro Buger Tallow, tons Toa Tents and paulina ,. Timber .. Tin.. Tinware .. Tobacco .. Cigars .. Snuff .. Tobat conista' ware Tools and utensils Tots and turnery Turpentine and varnish, gals. .. T» Ino and thread, cwt. Vinegar, gals, Watches & clocks Wlno Weodenwaro Wool, lb... i Zinc, tons.. X »described 0,470 1,718 e,8oe 281 1,026 1,744 2,686 8C 1,084 187 19,01t 0,10£ 1,86b 86,14! 1,60. 4,990 181 4,030 8,28t 11,774 2,244 270 0,003 V 10,416 2,445 2,687 r 11 li« Quantities. 4,704 1,046 7,060 11,600 8,708 i 18,860 ' £00,066 7,4« 162 40,001 2,007 6,201 2,610 2,246 900 20 621,207 176 2,018 1,728 76 13,40b 033 1,037 2,056 1,120 139,096 1,83t 0,000 4,800 1,966 l,7t0 8,036 2C 1,200 800 122 17 2,130 1,017 410 8,810 5,263 542 8,741 2,100 tar \- I 710 1 1B0.623 2,608 460 10,245 60 260 2,450 20 DI 8,226 10 26,49-1 82 1,4 1,680 8,630 0,410 0,209 10,060 8,164 12,204 8,810 ~78 628 44 26,619 117 8, 1,278 2,026 160 1,818 160 208 142,051 40 180 0,808 200 1,270 1,800 224 2,150 10,941 641 13,804 15,504 3,014 IO 22 506 8,200 644 21,110 248 1062 20,623 6,030 853,768 801,277 SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OP MELBOURNE. Arrivals and Cmiarahobs sneera ona Last Summaiit. IB., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Cn., Chilian ; P., Portuguese; H., Hamburg; N., Norwegian ; S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian; Bolg., Belgian; Br.. Bremen; Fr., Prussian; R,,RuBslin; s., ship; b., barque; br., brig; bc, schooner; st., steamer.] May ARRlVBD. 27\. Fudol, H. b , 888, T. B. Kalckloser, Calcutta. Woolley, Nephew, and Co. 27\. Wave of Life, B. s., 850, J. Lawson, London, Dalgety and (Jo. 2& Bit«, B. br., 108, B. Firth, Colombo.-W. J. Or 1; and Co. 80 Feter Simons, B. br., 880, B. J. Begg, Valparalio. -M-Oulloch, Sellar, and Cet. Juio J. Mary Miller, B.br., 212, J. L. B. Brown, Mauri- tius.-Gill, Fowler, and Co. 8\. Hussar, A. s., 721. W. H. Howland, Otago. Fisher, Ricarda, and Co. (J. Saiacen, A. s., 1,200, J. H. Mayhew, Puget Sound. \- Gibbs, Ronald, and Co. e. Amtzon, B. b., 862, J. Ogier, MaurltluB.-Bright Brothers and Co. 6\. Ocean Bride, A. b.. 261, A. Hilton, Otago. Osborn, CnBhing, and Co. 7\. Wellesley, B. n., 1,100, J. Smith, London.-W. P. TV hito and Co. 8\. Bates Family, B. s., 2,168, W. Hogg, Liverpool-. ; Bright Brothers and Co. 8\. Etulj-n, B. br., 194, D. Flockhart, Leith.-J. Henty and Co. 8, fVúd Wave, B. br., 180. J. Fisher, Hauritliu,-* Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. *. Jvanhoo, B. hr., 244, J. W. Taylor, Dundoo. Captain. 8 'atoi le.ul, B. «., 1,246, A. Deuchar, L-nion.-W. P. W h te anu Co. t. Golden Poulli, B s.. 075, H, Faithfull, London.-. Bright Brothers and Co, & Clutha, I?, s, 1,000, J. Davies, Greenock.-Holmes, "White, and Co. a Belief, B. a, COO, J. Lolby, London.-Clavo Brothers and Co. ' 0\. Conttanco, D. b., CD1, M. Klmmertr, Rotterdam. -Dickon, Williams, and Co. O Bordelais, F. b, 867, O. Dolaaello, Bordeaux. Curcicr and Aíot. 8\. Glencoe, B 8., 746, J. S. Hatton, London.-Jai Henty and Co. i>. C cinty of Lanark, B. o., 497, J. H. Jonkirn, Glasgow.-Jcshua Brothors. P. Ifastorn Empire, B. s., 1,761, J. 0. Ferguson, liverpool -Bright Brothers and Co. 0\. Ad*m8o'gwtck. B. b., 468, P. J. Davey, Calcutta, -Gibbs, Ronald, and Co. 1). Bergal. F. b., 470, T. J. Bivler, Newcastle.-Cur der and Adofc 14\. Jacob» Cornella, D. b., 402, H. Eta, Rotterdam. Cleve Brothers and Co. li. Melbourne, B. a, 661, J. Cameron, Lohn.-Miller and Jchntten. 16\. Pheabe, B. s.S., 709, S. B. Skeatd, Bermuda,-O. lewis and Co. 36\. Arno, R. br., 610, P. Nyburg, London.-Katzen stein and Co, 16\. Bunbay, B. a. a, 008, B, Mothvcn, Point do Galle. \- J. Sparke», l8. Silistria, B. a, 1,110, J. Joelen, Vancouver',) Island.-Captain. IP. Bone, B. p., 1,10*, A. King, Liverpool.- Bright Brothors and Co. Í0. "Yorkshire, B. b., I,t00, E. A. Roynoll, London. W. P. White and Co. Í2. Queensland, B. b., 450, D. Bradford, New York. Tewns and Co. Î2. Bonni e, S. b.. 205, J. F. Larsaon, Mauritius. Fanning, Nankivell and Co. Í2. Silentium, D. b., 400, Van Leouwtn, Rotterdam. llvcgo Btd Prell. 22\. St, Oswin, B b., 850, H. Stratton, Madras. Mooro, Bawthora, and Co. 22\. Bornio Dundco, B. p., 1,020, P. Connor, Lend in. Michaelis, Etyd, and Co. £2. Charles Snrague, A. s., 742, G. W. PIko, Now Toi k.-Flshor, Ricarda, and Co. ÍS St. Joseph, F. b., 617, J. Rousseau, Chaionto. Bligh and Borbottlo. S3. Summerlio, B. s, 805, R. nughes, London. KatzenstelnandCo. Kay. CLEARED OUT. £6. Medra", B. & st, 709, J. B» Stead, Point do Galle. -J. Sparkes. 27\. Bo; al Sixo», B. a, 1,100, G. P. Brown, Calcutta -Oppoohtlmer and Co. S8. Clara, B. e., 938, J. R. Barrow, Madras.-Lorimer, Harwood, and Co. June. 2\. Ktd Jackot, B. s , 2,035, G. F. Ilarloy, Pjint da Galle.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 9\. Ana Catharlna, Ch. b., 205, S. Hayes, Otago, Bcid, Poole, and Co. 4\. Si uthorn Cross, B. f., 675, H. E. Browne, Calcutta. -J. Lawrance. at. Indiaia, A. p., C07, G. F. Thompson, Otago. Lord ard Co. C. Pallas, B b, 490, A. Hartman, San Francisco. Osborn, Cuabing, and Co. O. Bita, B. br, 198, K. Flr.h, Sydney.-W. J. Greig and Co. 0\. Kalhambs, B. b., 319, - Gordon, Newcastle. Lorimer, Millwood, and Co. ». Adriatic, B. b, 80S, J. Barron, Guam.-Joshua Brothers. P. Anglesey, B. a, 1,018, M. H. Smith, London.-W. P. White and Co. If. Bimi», B. a, 70S, G. Graham, Guam.-Dalgety and Co. 12\. Arabian, B.a, 3,007, E. H. Tidnutr.b, Callao. Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 12\. Prirco Rupoit, B. a., 1,184, B. Scott, Callao. Smith, Strachan, and Co. l8. Madras, II. b., 206, P. T. Wupper, Mauritius, Jct-hua Brothers. IE. Peveril ef tho Peak, B. a, 718. O. T. Combe, Colombo.-Bright Brothors and Co. IE. Bedan, B. p., 859, E. Evans, Callao.-Bright Bro hers and Co 1C. Despatch, B. b, 254, W. W. Lytton, Mauritius. George Thomas and Co. 16\. Hydra, B. s. 516, F. Stuart, Dunedin.-Dodd and Thomson. 16\. Thetis, S. a, 648, C. Rhoden, Dunedin.-Joshua Brotbors. 37\. Bombay, B. s.S., 60S, R. Mothvcn, Sydney.-J. Sparkes. 17\. Carolus Magnus, A. a, 1,450, E. H. Ashley, Callao. -Lord find Co. 20\. Prido of Erglai d, B. e., 1,838, J. Balford, Guam. Holme!, Whlto, and Co. SO. BohertM'KcnzlB.B. s., 843, J. M'Mollan, Calcutta. -Dalgety and Co. £4. Duishcig, Pr. s., 1,075, E. Ilolljis, Newcastle. Katzcnsteln end Co. 24\. Ocean Brido, A. b., 201, A. T. Miller, Bluff Har- bour.-Osborn, Cushir.fr, and Co. 24\. Thomas Royden, B. s., fcOl, L. WcbBter,Newcastlo, N.B. W.-Do Pata Brothers and Co. £4. Jan ncndiick, D. b., 474, J. Sllywelt, Manilla, S. G. ncnty. 