Sales by Auction-. AUCTIONEERS'' NOTICE. So Parties Having Household Furniture and Effects to Dispose of. BEAUCHAMP and ROCKE having made arrange- month to have the catalogues ready for delivery on Tuesday for their regular Wednesday Catalogue Sales by Auction of Household Furniture, city? is ticularly requested that Private Parties, Hotel keepers. Dealers, and Otto, a intending sending HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, &c;, to the rooms of the auctioneers for their Wednesday Catalogue Sale will greatly oblige by doing so NOT LATER THAN MONDAYS, as this will insure all such goods being inserted In the catalogue Next Sale, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. Commencing; at Eleven o'clock. \- Car catalogue of the above date will comprise A large assortment of superior secondhand furniture, removed to the rooms of the auctioneers for convenience of sale. The whole to be sold without rd or ve. N.B.-Catalógaos ready on Tuesday afternoons. " Beauchamp and Rocke, auctioneers, to., 38 and 40 Crl'inB-streeteaBt, next Bank of Victoria. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. At Eleven o'clock. I Catalogue Bale. I ' Superior Household Furniture Grand Pianoforte, by Collard and Collard, and ROJO wood Cottage Pianoforte, Removed to the Boomi for Convenience of Sale. To Parties on the Look-out for First-class Secondhand Furniture, Pianos, &c.; BEAUCHAMP and ROCKE CATALOGUE SALE by AUCTION will comprise, in addition to what is already advertised, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Colllns-street east, on Wednesday, 21st October, at eleven o'clock, A superior assortment of Brown's patent and other first-class secondhand furniture, pianos, c. i A grand pianoforte, by Collard and Collard, guaranteed genuine A superior rosewood cottage pianoforte Handsome mahogany winged wardrobe Brown's patent superior mahogany table, with patent screw as Boiowood chiffonniere, plate glass back acfHnarb'.o Blab . Large size gilt pier glass ' Beautiful vases and a few good engravings handsome Brussels carpet and hearthrug ? Bait brass and tabular Iron bedsteads , Horsehair Mattresses and beddings Superior large-size chests of drawers . Handsome looking-glass, Inlaid stand Double Washstand and toiletware. Also, A capital dresser. fitted with every convenience i Very handsome dinner service. China, glass, and platedware it A -useful lot of kitchen utensils, but little used Water-barrels and fund races. Will be sold without reserve. -N.B. Catalogues ready on Tuesday afternoon. Parties Intending Bonding furniture. Ata, to our rooms for our Wednesday's catalogue sale by auctl >n, will greatly oblige the auctioneers by doing to rev J> tor than Monday, as this will insure their being in seated in the catalogue. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE, auctioneers, 38 and 40 Collins-street west, next Bank of Victoria. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. At Eleven o'clock. Catalogue Sale of Household Furniture and Miscellaneous Goods. Removed to the Rooms of the Auctioneers for Convenience of Sale. To New Arrivals, Parties Furnishing, Furniture Brokers, and Others. -JDJÏATJWIAMP and ROOKE will SELL by AUO JL TION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins street east, next the Bank of Victoria, on Wednesday, 21st October, at eleven o'clock, A large assortment of secondhand and now turns hero, &c;, comprising Parlour and Dining-room Furniture. ' Hair-seated and leather-covered chairs Do do sofas and coaches ." So do easy chairs f.. Carpets, various sizes Hearthrugs , Tables, mahogany and cedar *-' Chiffonnieresand sideboards Tenders and fireirons . i. Curtains and poles, and tablecovers. * Bedroom Furniture. ' Single and double Iron bedsteads Do do horsehair and other mattresses " St raw mattresses " Blankets, sheets, counterpanes Toilet tables and glasses Single and double washstands, and toilet ware Carpets, druggets, and hearthrugs Chests of drawers, various < Towel-rails, commodes . ""Whatnots Gilt pier-glasses Blackwood tables Marble Slab washstand and toilet tables Brass bedsteads. Kitchen Furniture. ' Boilers and saucepans, tinware, etc Lot of useful crockery Deal table and meat of OB Kitchen chairs. as ' Terms Cash POSTPONEMENT of SALE till WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, Through the Vessel Not Being Discharged. To Shipowners, Merchants, and Others. of LUKEY and RIMMER have received Instructions JLJ from the mortgagee to SELL by AUCTION, their rooms, on Wednesday, 21st inst., at one o'clock, Without reserve, The Uno British-built brig J A NI, 180 tons register, 300 tons burthen. This fine vessel has this year had new topsides, slacks, masts, sails, and rigging: also, newly coal here. She is in excellent order, and fit to proceed on any voyage Immediately on the discharge of her present cargo. Now lying at the Australian Wharf, where intending purchasers are invited to inspect her for inventory and further particulars apply at the rooms of the auctioneers, Hall at Commerce. Terms at Sale WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. Z I 8 K A. -jr LUKEY and RIMMER have been favoured with Mr Instructions from the owner, who is retiring from business, to SELL by AUCTION, on the above JJ y, at one o'clock, The Al brig Z I S K A, 185 tons register, 800 tons burthen. Length, 128ft. ; breadth, 28ft. ; depth. 13 90ft. , This beautiful vessel was built at Holyhead, under special survey, and classed Al for 12 years, is now in A force lent order, and fit to proceed to sea at a day's notice to any part of the world. SU as without bal- last, is a beautiful model, and for speed unrivalled in the colonies. Intending purchasers can inspect her where she now Iles, at the Australian Wharf. For Inventory and further particulars apply at the poems of the auctioneers, Lukey and Rimmer, Hall of Commerce _ THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock. Colonial-made Wine, excellent Cow and Holder, One Draught Horse, a beautiful and quiet Pony, Har xinsCsaddles, Bridles, enough, Ohsffcntter, Dalry XJUnsils, Powerful Harmonlcon, Bagatelle Table. MR. JAMES PRINCE has received instructions from O. Lewis. Esq., who is leaving the neigh Bourbaud, to SELL by AUCTION, on Tuesday, 20th October, at twelve o'clock, on the premises, Itoxetb house, at Kew, A very useful lot of really good property, cowls'- ' ingot first-class colonial wine, an excellent and . - perfectly quiet cow, 1 yearling heifer, 1 draught horse and beautiful pony, laddies and bridles, plough, and gardening tools, chaffcutter, and brickmaking machine, late it improvements Powerful harmonica, bagatelle board, a small army of books, Iron bedsteads, deal and cedar boards, 1 dray, hot bed frame, tables, bookcase, fowls and ducks, wine casks, and dairy upon ills, and a large lot of sundries. Bale prompt, twelve. Terms cash. -James Prince, auctioneer, is, Moor-street, Fitzroy. ss!.? for Auction. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. At an Early Date. American Carriages of every Variety. To Squatters, Livery-stable Keepers, and Others. GEMMELL, McCAUL, and Co. have received In structions from Messrs. Lord and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their stores, 126 Collins-street west, on an early day, or which due notice will be given, A large assortment of American carriages, of best Bit_rnfaclurr, and of the newest and most elegant designs, comprising- a library's, barouche', and rockaway No-top and extension top buggies Slide and jump seat do Concord and express waggons, etc American harness in great variety. ' . Terms, liberal, declared at sale. as it is the intention of the importers to clear out a considerable portion of their present large stock of carriage, to., the auctioneers can with confidence recommend the presents a most favourable opportunity for purchasing first-class articles in this line. The stock is now to he seen on the premises, 126 Collins. street west. THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock. Extensive Sale of Kerosene Lamps, Brackets, Chimneys, Wicks, c c Just Landed ex Star, from Boston. No Oil Merchants, Lamp Dealers, Ironmongers, and Others. GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co. have received In it notions from Messrs. Newell and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 86 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 20th October, at twelve o'clock, An Invoice of kerosene lamps, c-, just landed ex Star, from Boston, comprising Kerosene lamps, in great variety Brackets Hanging lamps Chimneys Wicks. No reserve. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock. 100 Quarter-Kegs Kane's Blasting Powder. 81 Do Do, Slightly Damaged. To Ironmongers, Contractors, Shippers, and Others, GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co. have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 80 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 20th October, at twelve o'clock, , 100 quarter-kegs Kane's blasting powder 81 do do, slightly damaged. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock. 260 Nests American Tubs. Ex Star. More or Less Damaged. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others, GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co. have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 86 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 20th October, at twelve o'clock, Ex Star, 150 guests American tubs, each 8. More or less damaged. 100 meets American tubs, each 8. Slightly damaged. TO be sold without reserve, for the benefit of those concerned. Terms cash. No Reserve. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22. At Twelve o'clock. To Wool-Packers, Hay Prosser, Chaff Cutters, Ship- j pen of Horses, and O then. GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co. have received in- a structions from Mr. W. L. Loos to SELL by AUCTION, at his Free Goods Stores, comer of King and Collins streets, The whole of Wa hay-pressing and chaff-cutting plant, without any retinue- , 1 powerful hj di Hullo wool or hay press, the largest and most powerful in the colony 1 Two-horse power chaffcutter, just newly put down, in complete order, of the newest construction, available for one or more horses 1 large spring van, quite new, made to order 1 lorry, equal to now 2 horses, thoroughly Blanch quantity of pressed hay and chaff ay-knives, chaff-bags, sundries, Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22. To Capitalists, Merchants, Wool and Hide Brokers, Bonded and Free Goods Warehouse Keepers, Valuable Leasehold Property. Rent Roll, £060 Per Annum. Nominal ground-rent. Corner of King and Collins streets. GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co. are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, on Thursday, 22nd Inst, at twelve o'clock, I ho leasehold of all that valuable corner allotment at the intersection of King and Collins streets, being Allotment No. 11, Section B City of Melbourne, containing by admeasurement 1r. 36p., on which are erected the under-mentioned ware- houses and tenements : NOB. 48 and 46 King street, large stone warehouse, slate roof, one flat, with cellarage capable of storing 2000 tons of goods, and now occupied by Messrs Haege and Prell No. 47, stone offices, with good dry cellarage, occupied by Mr. W. L. Lees. No. 49, Iron Store, with capacious dry cellarage, occupied by Messrs. Sinclair and Doolan, pro- duce merchant No. 61, iron store, together with fenced corner, let to Mr. Gibson, shipwright and chandler. No. 140 Collins-street, iron Store, let to Mr. P. Hyne, bag merchant. Abutting to Collins street by platform and right of way, at the rear of King-street, the large iron store formerly occupies by Messrs. Clough and Co. as wool stores, presently occupied by Mr. W. L. Lees as a free-goods, grain, and general produce store, having a working stowage capacity of 2000 tons. The whole of the premises have been put in thorough repair, at a very considerable expense and an opportunity is now offered to men of capital to secure one of the most eligible business sites in the city, close to the Spencer-street Railway, together with extensive storage capacity, advantageously placed to economize labour. The auctioneers have positive Instructions to sell to the highest bidder. Terms, Liberal, at Sale " WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28. At Eleven o'clock. I Extensive Unreserved Clearing Sale of Pi Uno Virginian Tobacco!, To Close Accounts, Comprising 800 Packages, Pound and Half-pound Aromatic, Fancy, and Twist TobaCCOes, At Zander's, Cole's, and Bell's Bonded Stores. To the Tobacconists of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Buyers from Tasmania, South Australia, and New Zealand. GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co. have received In- structions from Messrs. B. loins and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, on Wednesday, 28th October, at eleven o'clock, The balance of their stock of tobaccoes, con prising-. In Zandor's Bond, . Pound Lumps Aumat'c, 82 boxes Harrison's 15 cases Fro Ila and Flowers 86 do Native Companion 7 do Jones's , 16 do Natural Leaf. | Half pound LumpB Aromatic, 80 cases Pippin. Fancy. I C cases Plantora' Pride j 8 do Bonqnot twist 4 do Pride of Havannah. , Also, 6 cases Knight Templar's dark aromatic . i 14 three-quarter boxes Harrold's eights 0 do Uncle Sam's, do. I At Cole's Bond. O half-tierces Barrett's Anchor brand twist ' At W. M. Bell and Co.'s Bonds 106 half-tierces Barrett's Anchor brand twist tobacco. Terms liberal. The auctioneers, in drawing attention to this clear- ing sale of tobaccos, would remind intending purchasers that the above embraces the entire stock: in first bands of these celebrated brands, and from the S merit used ct of affairs in America there proposal city of further supplies coming forward. The tobaccoes (should there be anything like fair competition) must he sold to close accounts, and home all in splendid condition, buyers would do well to avail themselves of this the only opportunity which will be afforded for laying in stocks of those really choice brands of tobacco. Note-The sale will commence at Zander's Bond, sharp at eleven o'clock, thence to Cole's and Bell's. FOR PRIVATE SALE, GLENFERRIE LODGE and GROUNDS, Hawthorn, the residence of Mr. H. C. Bonneau, containing spacious hall, lofty dining and drawing rooms, with nuable Chimneypieces; five bedrooms, dressingroom, laundry, kitchen with Fla rolls cooking range; pantry, brick stabling, coach house, storerooms, fowlhouse, tank, to, a large garden, well-stocked with choice fruit-trees, vines, asparagus beds, shrubs, 20. ; also paddock laid with English grass, the whole containing four acres. Terms liberal. Apply to GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co., 86 Collins street west THIS DAY. The Brick Cottages, Harmsworth-street-, Collingwood. N KINSMAN has received Instructions to S ELI, by AUCTION, on the ground, All those two two story brick cottages known as " Trinity cottages," with land 20ft. frontage to Harmsworth street, near Johnston-street, by 70ft deep to a right of-way. Title good. Terms, half cash and three months. Sale at two o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer. THIS DAY. Freehold, Gore-street, Fitzroy. N KINSMAN has received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, Gore street, near Gertrude-street, I A three roomed brick house, with land 40ft. frontage to Gore street by 380ft, deep to Little Gore street. Title good. Terms at sale. Sale at twelve o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer. Also, at his mart, at two o'clock, medical books, furniture, At _ WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. At One o'clock M. BOLAND it instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at 258 Lygon-street, Carlton, The fur lturoand effects of Mr. Molloy, late of the police force. After which will be sold, A A leatherhead cottage, of three rooms, erected on a free allotment of land has long 18ft frontage to Lygon street, with a depth of 66ft. to a right-of-way of 12ft wide. Title, Crown grant Terms Cash. RUM by Auction. THIS DAY. Colts. Colts). Colts. j M'CAW and ANOTHER have received Instructions from Charles Anning, Esq, to SELL by AUCTION at thoTtoysa~Hor60 Bazaar, on Tuesday, 28th Inst, at twelve o'clock, 85 very superior colts and fallen, got by Young Prince Charles This lot is just from the breeder's station, and well worthy the attention of farmers, draymen, and anyone in want of first-class draught stock. , No Reserve. THIS DAY. Milch Cows. Milch Cows. To Private Families and Others. M'CAW and ANOTHER have received Instrub a tions to SELL by AUCTION, on Tuesday, the 20th Inst, at twelve o'clock, Eleven superior milch cows and calves, none of them more than 14 days calved. No Reserve WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. Stock, Implements, Household Furniture, Se. M'CAW and ANOTHER have received instructions from the executors of the late Colin McKinnon, Esq, to SELL by AUCTION, at Kilmore of Farm, Darebin Creek, near one Cold, on Wednesday, ZI et inst., at eleven o'clock, The whole of his well bred dairy stock, farming implements, and household furniture, comprising- i 14 superior dairy cows, in full milk and springing a two year-old heifers, by anlmporttd short-horn i bull. 1 10 calves, half-bred Hmforda and shorthorns 1 pure-bred Hereford bull, three years old, from the herd of Wm Lyall, Esq. | 1 do shorthorn bull, two years old, got by an imparted bull 6 very fine working-bullocks 8 superior saddle and harness bones 1 double buggy, by Hackett, of Melbourne, nearly new 1 set do do harness 1 Stanhope gig and harness, dogcart harness, saddler, Otc. 1 hay dray Dairy Utensils, farm implements, and tools, c And The whole of the very handsome dining, drawing, and bed room furniture, dairy and cooking utensils, and a number of sundries too numerous to mention. No reserve. To be Let, Ino Farm of Kilmore, consisting of 347 acres of first-class agricultural and grazing land, fenced, and subdivided into four convenient- sized paddocks. The house is built of stone, and contains six rooms. There are stable, coachhouse, and other outbuildings, with a capital garden, planted with the most choice fruit and other trees, and laid out under the immediate superintendence of the late own. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 28. Farm for Sale. Important to Parties in Search of First class Land. M'CAW and ANOTHER have been instructed by Mr. J. Quinlan to SELL by AUCTION, at the Royal Horse Bazaar, on Friday, 23rd met, at elet en o'clock, 1758\. very superior land, being Lots 14 and 66 in the parish of Lyndhurst, situate about half- way between Dandenong and Frankston, on the main road. The property is all securely fenced, and the soil is first-class, and well adapted either for grazing or agricultural purposes. No Reserve. AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. To the Boot and Shoe Trade of Melbourne and Suburbs. THE SALE of BOOTS and SHOES at WADE and GOWAN MART THIS DAY will commence at ELEVEN o'clock sharp. The goods are specially ordered for this market, and comprise all classes of goods railed to the trade, and the auctioneers' instructions are to sell, as the account sales are to be forwarded by the outgoing mail See advertisement below. THIS DAY. 10 Trunks Patent Calf Slippers. WADE and GOWAN will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Collins street west, this day, at eleven o'clock, , G W in diamond, S 10 trunks ladies'' patent calf slipper?, Pps. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. Positive Unreserved Sale of 134 Trunks Men's, Women's, and Children's Boots and Shoes. To the Boot and Shoe Trade of Melbourne and Suburbs, Dealers, and Others. WADE and GOWAN have been favoured with positive instructions from the importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Colins street west, on Tuesday, 20th inst., commencing at (eleven o'clock, 184 trunks men's, women's, and children's superior boots and shoes, for positive sale 1 cue boys and youths' bluchers 1 do do laceups 19 cases men's wellingtons S do do half wellingtons 1 case do calf bluchers 6 cases of rough sprigged 7 do do colonial sprigged watertights 8 do do mixed do 3 do do colonial sprigged wellingtons 5 do women's sup. calf looks 10 do do cordovan 20 do do cloth, lace, and elastic 5 do do coloured and black cashmeres 14 do child's coloured cash, boots, butt, and elastic sides 12 do do black cloth boots, do 2 do do patent calf and seal straps 2 do do 2 x 6 coloured morocco straps 4 do maids' 112 cloth button boots 1 came do 4 x 2 cashmere boots. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 28. Extensive Unreserved Sale of 84 Packages Superior Ready-made Clothing. Ex Star of Peace and Suffolk. From the Well-known Houses of H. E. and M. Moses, R. and H. Parnell, Chas. Blyth, and Co 45 To Wholesale Warehousemen, Outfitters, Slopsellers, Dealers, and Others to Buyers from the Country, and the Neighbouring Colonies. TfJITADB and GOWAN have been instructed by the TV Importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, 20 Collins street west, on Friday, 23rd inst., commencing eleven o'clock a sharp, Comprising, A in diamond, M, 62-66-5 cases men's super. Melton sacs £7 00-3 do do tweed do 74-77-1 do fancy doe trousers IS 88-6 do fancy diagonal tweed do 84 80-6 do boys' and youths' super, stars do 1906-7 do men's super, doe Paget coats D7 00-3 do do fancy tweed summer sales 100, 101-2 do do fashionable moire vests. J BOovor M, 1, 2-2 bales men's Bengal dungaree shirts, lined 3-0-4 do do Scotch twill shirts 710-4 cases boys' and youths' millers' mole trousers 11-15-5 do men's do do. I HP over M, 89, 00-2 cases men's drab cloth trousers 91-94-4 do boys' and youths' grey and brown, diagonal tweed trousers, unlined 95-97-2 do men's coloured Melton Prince of Wales sac coats, unlined, stitched edges I 98,00 2 do do grey and brown diagonal mixed tweed trousers, straps and buckles I 100108-4 do do mixed hunting drill trousers j 110 14S do do wool Crimean flannel shirts, col- lars boxed I 115,110-2 do do check Melton cloth do 17,18 2 do do printed Crimean flannel do 1' 9,120-2 do do wool flannel Rob Roy do 12,22 2 do do fancy regatta do, assorted patterns 129,124-8 do boys and youths'' do do, do 125 126-2 do men's calico and linen shirts 127 1232 do Mack glace Beaufort ties. The above- goods are all landed, and well worth the attention of the trade. Terms at Sale. PRELIMINARY ADVERTISEMENT. To Merchants. Importers, Shipowners, and those interested in the East Indian and China Trades. A1 Barque DISPATCH. To be sold by order of the Mortgagee. JAMES LAWRANCE will SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, Collins street west, on an early day, due notice of which will be given, The beautiful A 112 years barque DISPATCH, 254 tons register, 500 tons burthen. This very superior vessel was built expressly for her original owners, Messrs. Wigram and Green. of Black way, London. is a most beautiful model, lalla remarkably fast, and carrier, a large cargo. Her Inventory is most complete, and the vessel will be found, on inspection to be in first-rate sea-going order. Inventories and all further particulars to be had of the auctioneer, Lloyd's Rooms, Collins-street west. Title perfect. Terms Liberal ¡ PRELIMINARY ADVERTISEMENT. To Shipowners and Merchants of Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, and New Zealand, and Intercolonial Trades. A1 Barque CAMILLA. In consequence of an alteration in the firm, JAMES LAWRANCE has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, enan early day, j Ino fine A1 British built barque CAMILLA, 262 tons register, 400 tons burthen. The vessel has recently undergone a thorough overhaul In masts, spars, rigging, etc, and is now in most complete order, and ready for sea after the discharge of her present cargo. For inventories and farther particulars apply to the auctioneer, Lloyd's Rooms. ' Title perfect. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Benefit of Whom it May Concern, Wreck or the Ship EARL of WINDSOR. ¡ JAMES LAWRANCE has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, on Tues day, 20th October, at twelve o'clock, the wreck of the ship * EARL of WINDSOR, as it presently lies near the entrance of Corner Inlet. The ship appears by Lloyd's book to stand A2 6 years, and is now only two years old, and was sheathed with yellow metal prior to leaving England for New Zealand last voyage . Terms cash. No reserve. NB-No be sold at Lloyd's Rooms, for the best lit 21 whom it may concern. j play by Aturara, S THIS DAY. ALPS THIS DAY by the undersigned: At Eleven o'clock, at the Hobson's Bay Railway, Flinders-street Now D. R. Cork better, -w¡ne,-»aHr&c-; \-- - At Twelve o'clock, at the rooms, Collins-street Extensive sale of Mauritius [sugars, hops, oats, candles, raisins, oilmen's stores. ~~.- GREIG and MURRAY. "" _ THIS DAY. j" 'i ' New Season's Hops, 1868. at Sharland, Ten, and York. More Particular attention is requested to this Hale of Tasmanian Hops, which will be found superior In strength, colour, and flavour to any in the market No the Brewers of Melbourne, Geelong, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, c J GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock sharp, ! SHARLAND, 1 12 pockets Tasmanian hops, 1868 ' 18 bales do do, do ' TERRY, . 4 bales Tasmanian hops, 3868. I YORK, | 12 pockets Tasmanian hops, 1868. I For positive sale. Terms, liberal, at sale. 1 Samples on view at the rooms of the auctioneers, THIS DAY. 185 Pockets Kent Hops, 1862,1859,1868,1857. , For Positive Sale. ! So the Brewers of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Beechworth, No GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the Importers, Messrs. Parbury, Limb, and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock, Ex Royal Visitor, 21 pockets Kent hops, 1857, duty paid. Ex Bonnie Dundee and Tinto, 61 pockets Kent hops, 1858, duty paid. Ex Reveille, 86 pockets Kent hops, 1863, In bond. Ex Glencoe, I 18 pockets Kent hops, 1860, in bond. ' Ex Istanboul, 88 pockets Kent hops, 1862, duty paid. ex Chowringhee. 17 pockets Kent hops, 1862, in bond. The auctioneers beg to call the attention of the trade to this important sale of Kent hops, all first class samples, and are for positive sale. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Unreserved Sale of 1500 Bags Mauritius Sugars, Con a sting of Yellow and White Crystals, Counters, Rations, Brewing Sorts, &e.; To Merchants, Brewers, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock, 200 bags Mauritius sugar, comprising Yellow and white crystals Medium counters Fine do Brewing sorts Rations. The above is all now in store, and Immediate delivery may be obtained No reserve Terms Liberal. "" THIS DAY. """" 690 Boxes Full Weight Candles, each 26 Packets. For Unreserved Sale. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock, Full Weights. i COO boxes candles, De Roubaix, Jenar, and Co.'s SCO do do. Bougie in Globe 100 do Ogleby's candles 20 do do, 5lb. packets. 900 boxes total. Boxes dean, candles very slightly spotted. Noreservp. , Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 800 Bags (more or less) Danish Oats. More or Less Damaged by Sea water. To Corn Dealers, Livery-stable Keepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock, The first to be sold, 800 bags Danish oats. More or loss damaged by sea-water. Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. _Termr-Cash._ THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock Sharp, At the Hobson's Bay Railway, Flinders street. Amontillado and Manzanilla Sherry. Xo Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at (the Hobson's Bay Railway, on Tuesday, October 20, at (eleven o'clock, Ex Star of Peace, The and 2 quarter casks Amontillado sherry 6 quarter casks Manzanilla do. For the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms-cash. Hobson's Bay Railway, Tuesday, eleven o'clock. THIS DAY. 880 Bags (80 Tons) Liverpool Fine Salt Guaranteed Parcel. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock, 880 bags (80 tons) Liverpool fine salt in guaranteed condition. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. At the Hobson's Bay Railway, Flinders-street. 100 Firkins New Butter in Cloth (Honsn's). Ex Champion of the Seas and White Star. To Grocers, Provision Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Hobson's Bay Railway, on Tuesday, October 20, at eleven o'clock, I Ex Champion of the Seas, CO Arkins Honan's new butter, in cloth. Ex White Star, CO firkins Honan's news utter, in cloth. Splendid samples. No reserve. Terms liberal. Tuesday, eleven o'clock, 20th October, at Hobson's Bay Railway, Flinders street THIS DAY. 260 Boxes Price's Belmont Candles, lib. packets. 260 Boxes Do Do Do, 2lb. packets. Guaranteed Sound, and are for Positive Sale. To Merchant, Grocers, Stt keepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock, 260 boxes Price's Belmont candles, lib. packets 260 do do do do, 5lb packets. Guaranteed sound. No reserve Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. 16 Cases Premier's Hams. Of Fine Quality and in Splendid Order. Grocers, Provision Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 20th October, at twelve o'clock, Ex White Star, 8 cases FronterA hams. ox Samarang, 8 cases Premier's him How landed in fine order and of super! r quality. Tei ma at Sale THIS DAY. Ex S. S Hero, from the Cape. 200 B> Mrs One New Cape Helles. 200 half-boxes Do Do. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, Fruiterers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers, Messrs. E. F. Sichel and Co., (In liquids tor,) to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o clock, F S. S. Hero, from the Cape, SOO boxes finest new Cape raisins SOO half-boxes do do The attention of the trade is requested to the above -choice lot of new fruits, now landed, and, being the balance of the stock of Messrs. E. F. Sichel and Co., are for positive sale Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Whybrow's and Molloy's Pint Pickles. Barnes Morgan's French Capers. Brandon's and Hale's Full weight Candles. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions treat the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock, 100 cases Whybrow's pint pickles, each three dozen 100 do Molloy's do do, do 26 do Barnes Morgan's French capers. Also, SOO boxes Brandon's full-weight candles (yellow label) 160 do Hole's do do. All guaranteed parcels. Terms at Sale. "~ THIS DAY. " 8 Cases Nutmegs. 20 Bags Dates. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, October 20, at twelve. o'clock, 3 cases nutmegs. Also, 20 bags dates. All faults. No reserve. Terms Cash. ~~ THIS DAY. """ Six Three-quarter Boxes Tobacco, Uno sample. To Tobacconists, Grocers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, 20th Inst, at twelve o'clock, 6 three quarter boxes tens tobacco, fine sample. No reserve i Terms Cash. sales by Auction THIS DAY. , 1660 Bushels Malt, Just Landed, a Prime Sample. To Merchants, Brewers, maltsters, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, as. their rooms, on Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock, Just landed, 1500 bushels malt. A prime sample. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. 60 Cases ThinVSalmoD, 1lb. tins. j To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, October 20, at twelve, o'clock, £0 cates Thin's salmon, lb tins. Guaranteed parcel, Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 60 Barrels Soda Crystals. In Splendid Order. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, a their rooms, on Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock, Ex Queen Bee, CO barrels soda crystals. In splendid order. Just landed. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock At the Hobson's Bay Railway, Flinders street. 100 firkins Gould's New D.R. Cork Butter (in cloth) To Grocers, Storekeepers, Provision Merchants, and and Others GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, a' 'be Hobson's Bay Railway Station, Flinders street, on Tuesday, October 20, at eleven o'clock, ' Ex White Star, I 100 firkins Gould's new D.R Cork butter (In cloth) Splendid sample, Terms at Sale Tuesday, eleven o'clock, at the Hobson's Bay Rail- way THIS DAY. 100 FlrkiiiBHonan's New D R. Cork Batter (In cloth) 100 Do Gould's Do Do. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AU O HON, at their rooms, on Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock, Ex White Star, 10 Arkins Hobart's new DR. Cork butter (In cloth) Ex S S Hero, 100 firkins Gould's new D R. Cork butter (in cloth) Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Small Invoice of Oilmen's Stores, Morton's. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, a' at our rooms, this day, Tuesday, October 20, at twelve dook, Small Invoice of oilmen's stores, Mor ton's, consisting of salad oil, pickles, vinegar, &c.; No real ve Terms at Sale THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. At Hobson's Bay Railway. 28 Bags Liverpool Salt, GREIG and HUBS AY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at the Hobson's Bay Railway, this day, Tuesday, October 20, at eleven o'clock, Ex White Star, 28 bags Liverpool salt. All faults. No reserve. _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. 34 Cases Sardines, each 100 half-tins. To Grocers. Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, October 20, at, twelve o'clock, I 34 cases cardiacs, each 100 best this. Terms at Sale. ' 7 THIS DAY. 83 Bags Gram ; More or Less Damaged by Sea water. To Corn Dealers and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, a their rooms, this day, Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o o'clock Ex Mary Ann, from Calcutta, 33 bega tram. More or less damaged by sea-water. Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No receive Tel me-Cash THIS DAY. 59 Boxes Foreign Full-weight Candles, All Faults HO Cases Half pint Castor Oil (Sound). To Grocers, Chemists, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instruction from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, a their rooms, this day, Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock £0 boxes foreign full-weight candles, all faults. Also, 110 cases Half-pint castor oil, sound. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Six Caica Sinclair's Bacon (Middles) To Grocers, Provision Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock, Ex Champion of the Seas, 6 eiBOS Sinclair's bacon (middles). Terms at Sale. r THIS DAY. Castor and Salad Oil, Red Cabbage, c y To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, October 20, at twelve] i deck, ] 20 cases half-pint castor oil I 26 do three-eighth-pint do 25 do pint salad oil 26 do half-pint do 20 do three-eighth-pint do. Also, a earea Copland's red cabbage. Terms at Sale. A WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. Balance of Cargo of Port and Sherry Wines ex Belvidere, from Cadiz and Oporto To the Wine and Spirit Merchants of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Beechworth, Se. , GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers, Messrs R. and P. Turnbull and Co, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, October 21, at twelve o'clock, The residue of the cargo ex Belvidere, from Cadiz and Oporto, comprising WOR, Doubl Diamond, I 20 quarter casks port wine, Boughton. WCR, Treble Diamond, 39 quarter-casks port wine, Roughton. WCR, Four Diamond, 60 quarter-casks port wine, Roughton. I « HRH, Diamond, 141 quarter-casks sherry wine 10 do do. e- HRH, Treble Diamond, 41 quarter-casks sherry wine. 29 octaves do do. HRH, Four Diamond, 34 quarter-casks sherry wine. 80 octaves do do. Also ex Various Ships, Invoices of spirits, wines, c Terms, liberal, at sale. The auctioneers have much pleasure in calling the attention of the trade to this Important clearing sale of the balance of choice wines ex Belvidere, from Cadiz and Oporto direct, consisting of certainly some of the finest for apples ever imported. Samples may be tasted at the stores of the Importers, William-street, prior to sale " Z WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 22 " Ex Independent, from Charente. Important Sale of First-class Brandies, Dark and Pale, f Bulk and Bottle, Leger Freres, Star, Millet, Chatonet, Victoria To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, Shippers, c- and Others, GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from Messrs. O. Tondeur and Co. (solo agents) til SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-steet-,, on Wednesday, 21st last, at twelve o'clock, < Ex Independant, from Charente, 244 hhds., quarter-casks, and octaves of brandy, as follows. Leger Freres star t . M IM; .. Cbatenet .. Victoria. lit Total .. Dark. 85 Pale. 87 I £6 Vf Also, 100 cases brandy. Leger Proves 60 do do, Lafayette 10s do do, Victoria 480 do cognac, various brands, The above are all first-class and medium pure French brandies, and are now so well known to the trade that comment by the auctioneers Is unnecessary 4 Terms, Liberal, at Sale. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. 260 Cases London Stout, ; 10 Do Dutch Anisette. ' 12 Do Liqueurs. 80 Do Absyntho. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instruction from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 21st October, at UeU j drink, SCO cases London stout 10 do Dutch anisette 12 do liquors, various £0 do Boc viz, re Fieros' absynthe. To close accounts. Terms at Sale. sUlM by Anotloxu WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 22 600 Cases Y. H. and Co.'s Geneva. For Positive Sale. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and sales . . Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, October 21, at twelve o'clock CO cases V. H. and Co's geneva. For positive sale. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. 486 Cato's Imperiale Cognac For Positive Sale. So Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, October 21, at twelve o'clock, 486 cases Importers cognac. For positive sale. Terms at Sale WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 227 Cases Stewart's Kirkliston Whiskey, To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, October 21, at twelve o'clock, Ex Alexandra, 227 COBOS Stillman's Kirkliston whiskey. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. ISO OasCBAsplnaU'a Als. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others, GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, October 21, at twelve o'clock, 100 cases Aspinal a ale. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. ' Renault's Brandy (Bulk and Case). Thin's Whiskey, G n<-> Stoppers To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 21st October, at twelve o'clock, TO quarter-casks Renault's dark brandy NO cases do pale do 100 do Thin's whiskey, has stoppers. Terms Liberal. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. 10 Hhds, and 10 Quarter-casks Dark Brandy. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the Importer to SELL by AUCTION, at! their rooms, on Wednesday, 21st October, at twelve o'clock, 10 hhds. dark brandy lOquarter-e-sks do do. Terms at Sale THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22. Important Unreserved Sale of 42 Cases Iron Bedsteads, Ex Scottish Chief. To Ironmongers, Cabinetmakers, Furnishing Warehousemen, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from tkelmpoiiersto SELL by AUCTION, at their roME, on Thursday, October 22, at twelve o'clock, Ex Scottish Chief, 42 cases iron bedsteads, consisting of Slump bedsteads, 6ft 6in. x 8ft. to 4ft 6in. French do, do do Ealf-teBterdo, d do. For positive sale. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. Without Reserve. To Warehousemen, Drapers, Outfitters, and Others. 26 Packages of Clothing, Hats, Caps, c To Close Accounts. The Manufacture of B. Hyam and Co, and Others. JOHN LEVY and SONS have been favoured with! Instructions from the importers to SELL b AUCTION, at their rooms, 14 Collins street west, on Tuesday, the 20th inst, at eleven o'clock prompt, 26 packages- men's clothing, to,, come Ming of Scotch and other two oed suits Fat ey doe shooting coats Do vests Do trousers Black coats, vests, and trousers Youths' clothing, assorted Men's hats, youths' caps, ila, 1 be manufacture of B. Hyam and Co. and others. Terms, liberal, at sale. Without Reserve. THIS DAY. " Trade Sale of Ready-made Clothing, From the Celebrated House of Messrs H. E. and M. Moses. Just Landed, Ex Alfred, Indemnity, White Star, and Robert a man In all 65 Cases First-Class Seasonable Goods. JOHN LEVY and SONS are instructed by the act sgnecBtoSELL by AUCTION, at their room 14 C< King-street west, on Tuesday, October 20, ( eleven o'clock prompt 65 cases first-class clothing, comprising 10 co as men'amillers' moles G do boys and south do 6 do diagonal tweed trousers 6 do first-class tweed suits 6 do Bedford c rd trousers, extra quality 0 do cheviot suits, new style 8 do SB. vests, excellent pa tern 4 do both B' and youths' diagonal tweed trousers 3 do super, quality tweed trousers, peg top F.F. C do Leamington cord trousers 5 do seasonable jumpers 6 do tweed sacs, various patterns. Note. These goods are for positive sale, and will be sold in bulk to suit the requirements of war horsemen and the trade, who are respectfully invited to attend early, the sale will take place at eleven o'er ck prompt on Tuesday, October 20. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25. To the Boot and Shoe Trade. 87 Trunks Boots and Shoes. For Positive Sale. To Close Accounts Promptly, For the Outgoing Mail. JOHN LEVY and SONS are instruct by the co sifiooisto SELL by AUCTION, at their room 34 Collins street west on Friday, October 25, at elov, o'clock, 87 trunks boots and shoes. Full particulars of which will be glvononday of sal No reason. Toi is at Sale. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Extensive Sale of Suburban Villa and Other Allotments 1 At Elsternwick, Essendon Moonee Ponds, E thara, Oakleigh, Docnybrook, Bulla Bulla, Bonal i Jullien, Gibborto, Mel'on, Templestowe, Alberton and Portland Bay, I M R. ROBERT BYRNE is favoured with instit i Xvll tions from the proprietor to SELL by AU _ j ON, at the rooms, 3 j and 40 Collins street, on i early day, of which due notice and full part cake H i le fair on, Several allotments of land situate CB above, t whole for positive and unreserved Sale. I Titles, Crown Grants. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To Brewers, Publicans, Speculators, and Others. XJn tid States Hotel, end Adjoining Property, Rouse-street, Sandridge. Tt_tR. ROBERT BYRNE is favoured with inst. in tiers by the trustees in the estate of Mr. T. 3\n.l orton to positively SELL, without the slight reserve, by AUCTION, at the rooms, 38 and 40 Colll agree t east, on an early day, due notice of which were given, All the right, title, and interest of Mr. T. Pemberton in and unto the above value properties. Inventory or stock, fixtures, and furniture, together with full particulars, to be had on application to I auctioneer, at his office, 40 Collins street east, M aVumo. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17. At Twelve o'clock noon. To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. Impoi tent and Unreserved Sale of The SEPTARIA CEMENT WORKS, Schnapper Point. MR. ROBERT BYRNE has been instructed SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, 40 Cole street east (and Inlngtbe new Banks Victoria), 3 to day, the 17th November, at twelve o'clock noon the whole of the machinery, plant, and off« lately belonging to the Septaria Cement Co I want, together with the special licence grant by the Government for the use and occupancy of the land, he machinery and works are in perfect work: water, and the manufacture of cement can be: a creed immediately. he Sentara has been pronounced by the Glove nett geologist to be the real cement clay, and the r the price of the imported article offers an inch n sent to men of enterprise to commence the main line of the native produce, which can be placed in st market at a price which will defy competition by importer. For further particulars apply to the auctioneer, to Messrs Vaughan, Moule, and Seddon, solicitor Chancery-lane. Terms, Liberal, at Sale ~~~, PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Harcourt, County Talbot, Near 11 Castlemaine. To Farmers, Squatters, and Capitalists. In portant and Peremptory Sale of some Spion Blocks of Land, varying from about 60 to 180 At each. Also, A Section of 000 Acres, Known as Dr. Barker's, land Some First-rate Town Allotments In Harcourt, By Order of the Mortgagee. G WALSTAB has received Instructions from . agent of the mortgagee to SELL by PUB! AUCTION, at his estate auction mart, 72 Que an reef, on an early day, due notice of which will give, Some splendid blocks of land, I And | Town allotments In Harcourt, The auctioneer begs to call general attention to sale of the above valuable properties, situated in parish of Harcourt, surrounded by Important digg stud good squatting country, and only about so miles from Castlemaine. Full particulars will appear in a future advert mint in the mean time, further information may I obtained of Messrs. Clark and Meek, solicitors, Ba place, and of the auctioneer, 72 Queen street Sales by Auction THIS DAY. Pawnbroker's Sale of Unredeemed Pledges by a rW of Mr. Aaron Waxman, Licensed Pawnbroker in Swanston-street. "A "S LYONS, HARRIS, and Co. will SELL by AVn TION, at their mart, Bourke-street, on the the met, at eleven o'clock, zeal Unredeemed Pledges, consisting of gold and silver watches, brooches, chains, rings &> . guns, pistols, wearing-apparel, &c.; cases THIS DAY. -- To Watchmakers, Jewellers, Pawnbrokers and Others. ' Unreserved Sale of a First-rate Invoice of Enslhh made Jewellery. J J LYONS, HARRIS, and Co. are favoured with In. eleven o'clock, The following well-selected invoice of assorted Jewellery, without the least reserve, consisting of Royal cameo brooches and coloured gold do Bright gold do b \- Do do imitation do Coloured gold earrings Bright soda Do do pins Silt gold scarf rings Do do earrings, gold wires Do plated, do do, do. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. -- Pawnbroker's Sale of Unredeemed Pledges. LYONS, HARRIS, and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke street, on Tuesday 18th Inst.., at eleven o'clock, , " The following unredeemed pledges, by order of Mr M. Goldstein, 147 Swanston- street, licensed pawnbroker, viz. Assorted wearing-apparel Immigrants' boxes One of Westley Richards's double-barrel guns Gold and silver watches Gold and silver chains Gold rings, ice Terms Cash. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2Ï7 " Without any Reserve. To Close Accounts. By Order of the Proprietors. LYONS, HARRIS, and Co. are favoured with In- structions from the importers to SELL by ADO TION, at their new mart, Bourke- street, on Woorak day, 21st inst, at eleven o'clock, ' Without any reserve, 15 cases, consisting of Bedford cord suits DocBkln coats, vests, and trousers Bedford cord trousers In Ration Bedford cord do Men's fancy tweed do Do diagonal tweed sacs and vests ' Do fancy Melton and tweed suits. Note. These goods will be positively sold at eleven o'clock sharp, and without the slightest reserve, an! in such lots as will suit the general trade Terms Declared at Sale. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. Ex Golden South, Queen Bee, Western Ocean, and Kooria Mooria. ' To Milliners, Drapers, Mercers, Haberdashery, and Others. Positive and Unreserved Sale of 46 Cases Fancy Drapery, his., by the above Arrivals, to Close Various Accounts. LYONS, HARRIS, and Co. are favoured with in structlons from Messrs. Bright Brothers and Co t SELL by AUCTION, at their new mart, Bourke street, on Wednesday, 21st inst., at eleven o'clock, 45 cases fancy drapery, &c;, consisting of, namely Rovers, 1-4-4 cases ladies' white Paris wove Grayland bodices Do love royal ribbed and white princess's stain Do fancy sateen and Adelaide bodices White countess's and Beatrice do. S E & Co. over M in diamond, 839, 810-2 cases girls' and maids' twist Alexandra hats Do do countess do' Do do split Alexandra do. Ow. B. & Co. over M, 218-222-6 cases ladder' 15in. and 10in. too! rib lawn parasols Do 16 and 17 do do, with ivory handles Do do, and all-, or tubes Do do rich fancy, torry border and ivory handles 228-226-4 cases do do Superior French, now style, do with ivory and silver tubes and crutch handles 227 208 cases do, Ptkin tops, plain silk bordered 230, 231-2 cases girls' fancy braid Modella has Women's and girls' fancy Tuscan do girls' and maids' white twist Madeira do Do new brown Cheltenham do Women's and maids' white Devon Spanish do 232, 233 £2 cases women's and maids'' Italian and straw Tyrolean hats, fancy do Do do black Madeira twist do 284-236-8 cases girls' and maids speckled straw Cheltenham hats Do do white improved Madeira twist do Do do white Italian Cheltenham bats, velvet edges ' Do do black Improved do do 237, 238-2 cases girls' and maids' white Italian straw bonnets Do do plain crinoline sorted do Women's assorted Clarence hats and fancy turbans. BB In diamond, M at side, 215 220-6 cases assorted fancy French flowers, in boxes, ice J Terms, Liberal, Declared at Sale. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23. Preliminary Announcement of Sale, Of Superior Household Furniture, Removoitotlw Rooms of the Auctioneers for the Convenience of Sale LYONS, HARRIS, and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their upper rooms, the new auction mart, Bourke street, on Friday, 23rd Inst, the following valuable household furniture (re- moved to the rooms of the auctioneers for the coal valence of sale), namely : Handsome winged wardrobe Do mahogany chest of drawers Do horsehair covered chairs and sofa Iron bedsteads and bedding Telescope dining-table Pier tables, with marble tops Kitchen utensils ! Plated and glass ware, etc. Further particulars of which will be given in a future issue. Terms Cash. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27. Unreserved Sale of 24 Panoramic Views of Australia. Exhibited Under Distinguished Patronage, By Order of the Proprietor. LYONS, HARRIS, and Co. are favoured with) In structlons from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at their new mart, Bourke- street, on Tier day, 27th inst., at eleven o'clock, 24 views in oil, being the production of a local artist, pall tod expressly for exhibition in England, but now to be submitted for public sale in Melbourne, in con- to quence of the ill health of the owner, whola pro ci ding to Europe The panoramic view- consist of The good ship " Harry Bluff," with a fair breed for Australia Sunday at Sea Salt Ho ! Making the floods Anchored in the Bay. Passengers going on board the steam tender Approach to the Melbourne Wharf Melbourne from the Parliament House, looking Saw., embracing Emerald-hill, Six Melbourne, from the same position, looking west Melbourne, as above, looking north west Government House, Toorak Wesley Church, Lonsdale-street Bush Scene, Camping near the Gap," Moan Macedon Kyneton Sawpit Gully, Mount Alexander, CMncee en round for the diggings of Castlemaine from Burke's-hill, Mount Tarrengower in the back ground i Maldon (Tarrengower). Beehive Quartz Claims Diggings Scenery, " Chinese Paddccklng," í'íV* dying," " Washing," " Hill Sinking" Pall Mall, Sandhurst, "Diamond Cracking' Native Corroboree, Moonlight ' Ballarat, from the Western Fire Brigade Tower Geelong Sydney, Sydney Harbour, Garden Island, and Pinchgut, from off Point Piper. Bush Scenery bullock-dray croiBlDg the creek Adelaide, ke., from the Tiers. , Note -The above are now on view at the rMBiot tie auctioneers; and to such parties as may be as Stress of exhibiting them as works of art to know, there is a certain profit to be derived from their exhibition, the more so as Scenes which to many a few," we 1 be viewed by the whole as denoting ran of this country, which cannot fail to give unalloyed pleasure to all who see them. Terms Cash. - THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22. Day or Sale Altered to Thursday, October 21 To Sheep Breeders, Farmers, and Others POWERS, RUTHERFORD, and Co. will BELIW AUCTION, at the Werribee, close to the Railway Station, on Thursday, the 22nd October, The under-mentioned very choice sheep i- 80 young imported pure Southdown owes, me lambs at foot, got by Jonas Webb's import rams 24 young imported pure Southdown Mr E lected from Jonas Webb's celebrated. Saw him flocks 20 choice young pure Leicester rams 20 young pure Negretti do 20 do do owes 20 young three quarter Southdown rams 60 Oxford Down ewes 20 merino rams 20 rams, very superior pure Southdown 80 ewes, do 8 pure Leicester rams 10 do ewes, with pul e lambs at foot throe-quartor-brod ewes, with lambs ewes got by pure Oxford Down rams s, 600 half-bred Southdown wethers, six-tooth, very fine sheep 6 pure Leicester rams 100 half-bred Southdown rams CO quarter-bred Cheviot do 10 half-bred Leicester do 30 pure merino do , . ..,,,«"_, MO Leicester rams, two, four, six, and .«»'*_} nearly pure bred, the produce of Mr. in»»» Chimtide'a prize rams, out of selected ewes £2 pure Leicester ewes HO Oxford Down do 200 cross-bred do 100 lambs, three-quarters Southdown 10 pure-bred rams, various brands 200 half-bred Southdown wethers sundry other lots not enumerated. 