THE NEWS OF THE DAY. ? '^- ? The anniversary of the birthday of our gracious Sovereign will be celebrated this day with loyal enthusiasm. Wo have elsewhere noticed the prin cipal preparations, and' it may here bo briofly re marked that the illuminations of this evening will bo a general repetition of those exhibited on Tues day, with increased brilliancy, and it is to bo hoped with more favorable weather. The demonstrations of loyal rejoicing will not be confined to tho capital, but will, wo believe, be general throughout Victoria. Ballaorat, Geelong, Sandhurst, Castlemaine — in a word, all the towns and townships of the colony will testify how much wo rejoice under tho Queenly sovereignty of Victoria. The following is a list of the several addresses of congratulation presented to His Excellency tho Governor on tho occasion of the auspicious marriago of the Prince of Wales to tho Princess Alexandra of Denmark, to be forwarded to Her Majesty the Queen, and their Royal Highnesses the Princo and Princess. To Her Majesty the Queen addresses have been presented from tho following bodies : — Tho Bishop and Clergy of the Church of England ; Ministers, office bearers, &c;, of tho Wesleyan Methodist Church ; Mayor, Aldermon, &a;, of tho city of Melbourne ; Municipal Council of St. Kilda : Municipal Council of Prahran; Municipality of Sandhurst ; Ministers and Elders of the Presby terian Church of Victoria. To H.R.H. the Princo of Wales and H.R.H. tho Princess of Wales :— Municipal Council of St. Kilda ; Municipal Council of Castlemaine; tho Ministers of the Congrega tional or independent Church of Victoria ; the Municipal Council of Fitzroy. To H.R.H. tho Prince of Wales: — The Mayor, Aldermen, and Council of ike city of Melbourne ; tho Bishop and Clergy of the Church of England ; the Working Men of the city of Melbourne ; tho Caledonian Society of Victoria ; the Municipal Couucil of Prahran ; the Cambrian Inhabitants of Victoria ; the Corporation of the Town of Gaelong. To the Prinoess of Wales : The Mayor, Aldermen, and Council of the City of Melbourno ; the Bishop and Clergy of tho Church of England. Of these (i:iili(wijt),t a large number oro very beautifully illu minated ; those from the Melbourne and Fitzroy Corporations, and the Caledonian Society especially so. The addresses presonted by tho Melbourno Corporation, bound in ruby leather, by Mr Dotniold, and containing each a photograph eighteen inches long by ton or twelve inches wide, are such as cannot fail to grace tho royal drawing room, an d in every way to reflect credit on tho colony, even iu competition with tho finished works of London and Paris. The photographs are Melbourne views, taken from convenient points hi the southern metro polis ; the first, attached to tho inner cover of the address to hor Majesty boing a view of Melbourne taken wost from tho summit of the Parliament Houses, showing in the fore ground tho Princess's Theatre, in tho buck ground the whole area of the city, of which the most prominent object, the steeple of the Wesley Church, Lonsdale street, towers upwards of 200 feet in the centre. Tho second, accompanying tho address to tho Prince of Wales, i3 a view of tho Yarra river to tho east of tho city, and in tho direction of the bridge near Hawthorn. Tho third, accompanying tho address to the Princess, is a view of Molbourne, from the Botanical Gardens looking north, identical with that recently presented to the Melbourne public in the columns of the Leader newspaper. . ; The R.M.S. Madras will bo despatched with tho English mails this day. The mails will finally close at the General Post Office at ten o'clock a.m. for ordinary letters for the United Kingdom, British colonies, and foreign countries, via Southampton and via Marseilles, and for all the intermediate ports, and for newspapers, via Marsoilles. A supple mentary mail for letters addressed to tho United Kingdom only via Marseilles, will be made up for tho Madras, to close at Sandridgc, at twolvo noon, and letters addressed as above will bo received on board until the sailing of tho vessel. Wo have dates from Auckland to tho 12th instant, but thero is no fresh intelligence of importance from Taranaki to add to that given in our issue of yesterday. Tho Southern Cross concludes that nothing of consequence had transpired since tho ovontful 4th of May. Our dates from Sydney are to the 22nd instant. The nows is unimportant. Our dates from Queensland are to the 19th inst. : Tho estimates had been laid before the House. Tho probable ways and means for tho year 1864 are esti mated at £417,250. Tho estimated expenditure is £305,007 ; tho excess of revenue over expenditure is £22,183. It is proposed to raise a loan of £884,100 for certain specified public works and for immigra tion. The trade of tho colony is developing itself with extraordinary rapidity ; not only baa it greatly increased in its previously existing channels, but traffic has been commenced in a number of new directions. Tko number of vessels entered inwards at tho port of. Brisbane, during tho year 1661, was I 141, of. 35,220 tons ; in 1852, there were 177 vca ] I sols of 50,939 tons. At Hcrvoy's Bay t I 1801, 28 vessels of 5789 tons; in [8^ I 24 vessels of 5203 tons. At Port Curtis m I 18C1, 30 vessels of 8053 tons ; in 18G2, 27 ves'sels I of 5497 tons. Tho largest increase of vessels and I tonnage was ai tho port of Rockhampton. In 18GJ I tho arrivals woro 49 vossols of 7928 tons ; in 1802 ' I it had risen up to 90 vessels of 14.G2G tong. At I Port Dcnison, in 1801, tho arrivals were 3 vessels of I 387 tons ; in 18G2, 12 vessels of 1048 tons. Tho I most noteworthy point in tho shipping tables is the 1 increase in tho number of vessels which have arrived 1 direct from Great Britain. In 18G1 the number I was only 8, in 18G2 it had increased to 23. In I 18G1 tho number of vossels from New South Wales I was 222, of 47,782 tons; in 18G2, tho number in. 1 creased to 2GG, of 48.5GG tons burden. I Wo have already stated tho facts connected with I tho claim of tho Rev. Father M'Ginty, on theLegis- I laturo of Queensland for stipend, involving a (question I of the ' lawful authority ' of Dr Quinn, the Roman ? Catholic Bishop. In tho Legislative Assembly, M on the 12th inst., Dr. Challinor moved, ' That in I tho opinion of this House it was not the meaning I and intention of tho Legislature, passing tho ' State I Aid Discontinuance Act, 18G0,' that any minister of 9 religion who, at the timo of tho passing of the I said Act, was in receipt of a stipend paid by the I Government, Bhould, so long as he ' resides,' ami I is ready, and willing, and desirous to 'oflicinto' 9 within tho colony of Queensland, hi deprived oj I such stipend when prevented from officiating against 9 his will, and. without any fault of his own ; and 9 consequently, that tho Reverend William M'Giuty is 9 entitled to tho stipend claimed by him under tho 9 provisions of tho said Act, and that it ought to bo flj paid to him.' Tho Colonial Secretary did not 9' tliink it right that the Government should interfere 9' iu any question of ecclesiastical discipline. After 9- an animated debate, tho motion was carried by 13 to 3 9: Tho members of tho Government took no purt in flj the division. H' It will bo seen from onr Sydnoy telegram that a 9' portion of tho troops stationed in that city are under 9' orders to sail for Taranaki. The troop3 here are in 9' readiness to start at once should reinforcements bo 9 required. H' Tho competition in sports on tho Richmond H Cricket Ground, originally intended to be held on I Tuesday last, but adjourned till Whit-MoHduy and H to-day, did not come off yesterday. We believe tho 9' programme will be proceeded with to- day on the 9 ground named. A good many entries have been 9' made. 9: Yesterday being an official holiday, the City Polico 9 Court was not opened, but the cases on the chargo- 9 sheet were disposed of by the Mayor and Aldenn:n 9 Eadcs in the Polico Office. The petty bil'ences 9 of the usual character woro dealt with leniently. AI B serious charges wore remanded. B A ball, in celebration of the marriage of the Princo K and Princess of Wales, and of the advent of her 9 Majosty's Birthday, was held yesterday evening, in ?'; the goods shod of the Victorian 'Railway, Spencer B street, opposite tho termination of Lonsdale street B west. Yesterday evening was selected as fl boing convenient for tho employes of all 9 classes along the lines. On any other proximato B evening the traffic along the line would have ren- B dered it inconvenient, if not impossible, to obtain a X large gathering. As it was, from five to six hundred K of both sexes, and all classes, from tho entire Bj length of both linos— Sandhurst and Bal- Si karat — met together nnd enjoyed themselves, R without interruption until an early ho''1 B this morning. Tho arrangements wero ?.* j\ Bj the control of a number of separate committees, in- B eluding the heads of tho Engineering, General, and B Traffic Departments, togelher with various snbor- 9; dinates. The entranco to tho goods sheds, fronting jfl Lonsdalo street west, was illuminated in a tastef nl way, Jfl with various colored railway signal-lamps formed into 9i devices — a Prince of Wales' feather, white, red, and M green lamps in the centre; tho letters AA Hjj on either side in green lamps; tho letters H. , V. R. in red lamps above. Inside the entire length jflj of Ike goods shed was cloared of all obstructions, a Bi train of carriages was drawn up against the platform jB to prevent ' light fantastic toes' from stopping over §? tho brink whilst performing tho mazes of tho giddy flj waltz. Thero was an infinite display of bunting, jB of various colors and devices, in evory direction. in Ono ond of the building was adorned with a Inrgo IB floral crown, tho device, God Savo tho Queen, and £? the English and Danish flags. Tho other end of tho Hi building was devoted to gastronomic recreation, fE under the superintendence of Mr Knight, and it did Bj ample credit to his bHU and judgment in B this lino. The proceedings commenced at half- H' past seven o'clock, and continued up to twelve, ? at which timo a very considerable number of visitors jM- adjourned to the other end of tho building for supper. §? About ono o'clock, dancing was resumed. Tho J9 band (under the conduct of Mr Johnson) occupied a jB goods truck, in the centre of the trnin aforesaid, H: handsomely fitted-up for their accommodation. B' There was an absence of needless formality, and 9 constraint on the part of the visitors, who wero very 9 generally personally acquainted, and the evening §?: passed off in a manner that must have given general §? satisfaction to all parties concerned. §M Tho independence agitators in the Riverino district, |9 according to the Pastoral Times, are not very hopeful « in their application to the Legislature at Sydney. 9 ' The petition to Sydnoy,' eays tho Times, ' must j» go as we have statod, and we would again nrge on |9: tho Riverine Council the necessity of losing no |9 time in sending tho deputation away, in order that |K tho first act in our political programme maybe over, |B and that wo should immediately preparo for tho » second.' In the meantime the Council have pub- » lished an estimate of expenditure, necessary for a » separate Government, amounting to £95,755. |K In reference to the case of Goodsir, tho clerk to J9 the Colonial Bank at Sandhurst, charged with -M robbery, at tho City Polico Court, on Saturday, tho n Bendigo Advertiser, of yesterday, says:—' It would | be idle to give credenco to or to allude to the many i rumors which aro current in connection with tho | matter, but we may state that tho result ofthear- , rest of the prisoner will probably reveal some very I curious particulars. j Wo learn from the Auckland papers that the re- g mains of the ill-fated Orpheus were sold on tiie Gtli | inst., in accordance with instructions received from I the senior naval officer on the station. They were j purchased by Messrs Combes and Duldy, of Auck- I land, for the sum of £100. I An Otago journal lately stated, but without giving « any details, the fact that a live Mo.i had agnin been H seen. Tho following facts are stated by Mr Blnckett, « a correspondent of tho Nelson Colonist of May 3rd. j» This is probably the specimen referred to by fjio §? Otago paper. Mr Blackott says :-' Whilst at bo « Bueller river, in tho beginning of April, I heard that » four men had arrived from Mokihiinui, and that ouo M of them had soon a living Moa. I sent for this « man, and from him obtained the following pnrticu- » lars :— On Sunday morning, about tho end of Janu- H ary, he was walking alone, about nine o'clock, on tlie « bank of a creek which they wero going to bnu?e^ » in forming a road from the coal works. On bo a, « across tho creek, at the distance of about w *», ~ — observed a large bird pecking at something on wo ®M ground, which on hearing his approach looked up at || him ' mazed like.1 Ho was quite near, eumign_ to g| make the following ohservaUons-and the -nmm., ®m ?. was clear nnd bright. He is a tall man, but he Jimka || he could scarcely reach tho top of its head (about -m eight feet). It bad long strong legs ; plumage b own, « and like that of a woodhen ; wings or ltoppj j short and rouud like those of a woodhen, ne » short and tlriek, and destitute of feathers, or stay |j so, towards tko i^ni, which was ta'*'*'? 7ea M dork-colored, larb'o and flat-topped. It M H '™ ''' J he observed, ' looked as largo as a calf's head,' and it was altogether a ' most serious large bird.' After making these observations he went to his tent for a gun, and to tell his males, but when he returned to tho spot the bird hud disappeared. My informant, whoso name is Hugh Cottier, came out in the Golconda, and had not oven heard of the probablo existence of snch a bird. Fooin his de scription I made a sketch, which I showed to him, and which be corrected in somo particulars. Of this I enclose a rough tracing.' The Theatre Royal was woll filled in each part last night. Tho merit of Mr Barry Sullivan's ' Richard the Third ' has already been noticed at somo length, and it only remains to bo added that each succeeding representation serves to establish tho thorough and careful conception of the character as evinced by his delineation. Tho various tragic incidents in the play aro very effectively produced, andtho final combat between Richard aud Richmond, tho hitter being very creditably impersonated by Mr Heir, obtains deserved applause. 