. SOUTH AFRICA. By the American ship A W. Stevens, (the Sydney Empire) has papers from the Cape of Good Hope to October 10th. A correspondent of the Cape Argus, writing from D'Urban, under date October 2nd, gives the following details of a great storm at Natal : Saturday will be long remembered as a black day in the annals of our port. Never yet have we had to record a series of disasters occurring within so short a time, and accompanied by the destruction of so much valuable property. After a day or two of comparatively calm weather which had induced a general hope that the storms of the equinox had subsided, an easterly breeze sprang upon Saturday morning and grew in intensity through the afternoon until it rapidly increased to what may be called a gale. From the suddenness with which the gale rose, we may presume that heavy weather, has been experienced out at sea, and that the present short but severe visitation was not merely local in its character. About one o'clock a report reached town that the Bermondsey had parted a cable. This rumor did not create very much surprise, as the vessel was shown to be, owing to her having no cargo on board, in bad trim to encounter a storm. An hour or two later, hjwover.and^more serious rumors were sent up from the Point. The Earl of Hardwicke was said to have parted, and the Sebastian to be drifting ashore. A large exodus of people immediately took place to the Point, and a sad sight was soon to be witnessed there. The Sebastian, a fine clipper barque of 426 tons, Captain Little, was the first to succumb to the elements. This vessel only arrived on Monday with immigrants from London, where she was newly purchased by Mr. Hall, of the DUrban line. Being light, she necessarily pitched about considerably, and about two o'clock parted from both her cables and drifted rapidly shore-ward. Unfortunately for the li arbor works, the vessel's courses was very direct, and after tossing about amongst the breakers, she ran right us against the pier, at a point about a hundred yards from its present extremity. Urged on by the force of the wind and waves, together with the impetus given by a body of deep water in a hole near the spot, the Sebastian came with a terrific force against the massive timbers, knocking two of the frames bodily out, and seeming as if she was built upon forcing a passage through the stubborn barrier. Not so, however. Having damaged her frontispiece, carried away part of her bowsprit, and torn off her handsome figure-head, the doomed craft was driven land- ward again by the breakers, and heaved up, bumping against and terribly maltreating the pier as she scraped along it the railing was carried away for a considerable distance, many of the uprights were splintered or bent inwards, and though the work of destruction, might have been greater, it was bad enough. The hapless cause of these disasters by no means came scathless from the encounter. Her metal was peeled off, and her timbers damaged in a way which proved the fury of the collision. She found a final resting place high upon the beach, within a few yards of the pier, and but a little distance from the dry shore, and there she lies with all her masts still standing high and dry at low water. By this time an immense crowd of spectators lined the breakwater, all anxiously gazing sea- ward at the eight other vessels which were riding at anchor in the roadstead. Seldom, indeed, have we seen in this genial clime so dull and leaden a sky, and so fierce a wind as those that made the scene of Saturday, remind many of old English experiences. There was ample ground for solicitude, as regarded the rest of the Shipping An unusually heavy and troubled sea tried their cables to the utmost strain. It was upon the Bermondsey, now riding by her last single chain, and the Earl of Hardwicke, the noble Indiaman, which was said already to have parted a cable, that public interest was chiefly _ concentrated. The brig Franz de Paul A mer sin, which has been detained in the roadstead for 38 days, was roll- ing fearfully, apparently being often on her beam ends. The Priscilla, which had been towed out on the day previously, and was full of passengers and cargo, was riding very easily indeed, and did not, in fact, suffer in the slightest degree during the storm. The Norman also appeared comfortable. The two first vessels, however, being the largest, and perhaps the lightest outside, presented the greatest resistance to elements, and pitched occasionally to an extent that excited apprehension. Still, as the day passed on, and they all held to their anchors, hopes were entertained that no casualties would take place. Just before dark the Bermondsey signalized that should she part, her captain would make for the harbor, a bold, though a wise adventure. As that commander was Captain Joss, we knew that the ship was in good hands, A considerable number of spectators remained an the beach to a late hour. The wind showed little disposition to moderate until about ten o'clock when it quickly subsided, leaving however, for some hours a very nasty sea running. During the night the Franz de Paul parted,bi*t was brought up by another cable. Looking Seaward on Sunday morning, most of the townspeople were saddened and surprised to see the tail masts of a large ship towering above the Black Beach bush precisely at the end of and in a line with Smith-street. These told a tale. Between two and three o'clock a few heavier seas than usual rolled in, and drove the Earl of Hardwicke from her cables. Having been driven in nearer shore than usual, the noble vessel after twenty-five years of ocean service, round the Cape and Indian seas, soon drifted a shore, and is a bedded high up, as we have described. Not since the Minerva was wrecked on the Bluff have we had a catastrophe of so serious a character. This fine vessel only arrived on Monday, after a passage of thirty-seven days from Madras, with coolies, and she was to leave again on Monday or Tuesday. She is, as most of our renders know, one of the best known of Green's celebrated Indian liners. Her tonnage is 1903; she was built at London in 1838, and it is yet doubtful whether she is insured, it not being customary with large shipowners to insure in the ordinary way. A considerable quantity of cargo, consisting of cool stores, remain on board, and is the property of Captain Madison, for whom the utmost sympathy is expressed. As soon as the fact of her being ashore became known, immediate steps were taken, under the superin- i p tendencies Messrs. S. Crowder and Co., to land the stores, furniture, fittings, rigging, &c.; Large parties of natives were employed, hawsers were run out, and the mainmast very speedily lowered. The ship, therefore, is at present upright, and there will be no difficulty in landing the cargo and other moveables. Seldom has the back beach been so animated as it was throughout Sunday with crowds of the townspeople engaged in watching operations. During Saturday night the brig Elizabeth Ann parted, and drifted upon the Norman, which went to sea, and returned during the morning. The Danish brig Catherine Jurgue son cleverly managed to beat out to sea, where she was out of danger. By Sunday afternoon the sea was almost calm, and the tug went out and brought in the Franz de Paul Amersin Considerable dissatisfaction wasexpressedatthe Point that the Pioneer had not been engaged on Friday in bringing to instead of taking out vessels. > "These casualties, unfortunate though they be, cannot be said to materially > affect the character of our. port, seeing that the Bermondsey, with her > solitary chain, successfully rode out the worst part of the gale. It was a > lamentable coincidence that such a gale from seaward should take place at a > time when so many vessels were in the roadstead, and the suddenness with > which both wind and sea rose prevented perhaps all those precautions being > taken that otherwise might have been practicable. We must, therefore, regard > this gale and its attendant disasters as one of those visita- tions to which > almost any open roadstead is more or less subject." 