WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23,1863. We imagine it to be impossible for any one to look over a map of Melbourne and its suburbs without being persuaded that the scheme described in the letter of Mr. PUECHAS, in Saturday's Argus, has upon the face of it every promise of feasibility ; and, if feasible, there will hardly be two opinions as to whether or not it should be carried out. The yet unsubsided flood has devastated homes, ruined farmers, destroyed an enormous amount of the property of merchants, well nigh cut off for a time all communication between Melbourne and its suburbs, destroyed roads, everywhere carried loss and misery with it- in a word, has been a national calamity. Its periodical re- currence, if the Yarra remain the only outlet to the bay, is matter of absolute certainty ; and its return within a few months only scarcely one of doubt, if the prophets, whom this flood has proved to have the right to speak with authority, be equally successful as to prophecies yet to be fulfilled. If, then, a practicable scheme for the prevention of all this loss be proposed, and be found to bear the tests of close scrutiny and nice calculation, who will raise a voice against its adoption? Who will not îaise a voice, and an urgent voice, in advocacy of its adoption t Whether the proposed scheme will bear these tests is of course not for us to say at present ; but the subject is of sufficient importance to induce us to point out prominently to our readers its main features, and some of its many advan- tages. At Dight's Mill, on the north side of Studley-park, is the conflux of the Yarra Yarra River and the Merri Merri Creek. Here, during heavy rains, the already swollen river, as it comes from the hills, has its volume increased by the water brought down by the creek. From this point, it is proposed to cut a canal crossing Flemington Swamp, and opening a fresh outlet into the bay. This, our correspondent has "no hesita " tion in pronouncing, will be a perma " nent cure for the flooding of Mel " bourne." The canal would follow the course of the Reilly-street drain, cross the northern portion of the University reserve, pass * the Flemington-road at the corner of the Royal Park, reach the swamp where it is crossed by the rail- way, and "a channel would be cut ' straight from this point to the junc ' tion of the Yarra and the Saltwater " River." Besides dividing the waters of the Yarra at Dight's Mill, it would re- ceive the drainage of Collingwood and North Melbourne, and immensely benefit those suburbs, which it would be most difficult, if not impossible, to drain by any other courso. The length of the pro- posed canal would be three miles. The length of the river saved by it from these devastating floods would bo something like thirty. Part of the scheme is tho reclamation of the swamp, by means of " the stuff arising from tho cutting." This would make 1,500 acres of land, now useless, available for building and other purposes, besides giving " Melbourne more than double the pre " sent wharf accommodation." Probably the enthusiasm of the writer magnifies the advantages which would result from the proposed scheme j but those about which there can be no doubt -supposing trie plaR to bo practicable so far as levels, be amply sufficient to compensate for the immediate outlay : indeed, it is pro- bable that the loss by this last flood will turn out to be greater than the estimated cost of the proposed canal, which wo understand to bo about £400,000. Another important consideration which must not be overlooked is, that the value of land on the banks of the Yarra, in and near Melbourne, will be greatly in- creased if these floods can be prevented, Now, it is not for us to say whether they can, or whether, if they can, this scheme is the one -which should be adopted. But pending the fuller details which our cor- respondent promises, it certainly strikes ns as being well worthy of very serious consideration. It is quite clear that we must no1-unless such a lot be quite inevitable - remain subject to such calamities as that of the past week. Whatever human power and science can do must bo done. If some- thing more practicable and more effi- cient can be devised, by all means let us have it. We do not desire this or that scheme, nor do we commit ourselves to the one we have described. But it will not be denied that prima facie evi- dence is in its favour. It has every appearance of being practicable, and not so expensive, if we are to be- lieve the statements made us, but that the prevention of one such flood as this will cover its cost. Lot it be freely discussed on its merits. Let us hear all that can be said against it. Let the surveys and estimates of those who commit themselves to its feasibility be narrowly scanned and jealously checked. But let us know the result after all. Let us not lazily pass this misfortune by as something that is gone, and which may not happen again-who knows when. It must happen again; whether it be in a dozen weeks, a dozen months, or a dozen years, matters little. And every time it happens it will be more calamitous, for there will be moro property exposed to its ravages as tho place becomes more wealthy, and more densely populated. Wo would remind those to whom the consideration of some remedial measure may at this time be committed, that another scheme, having many strong recommendations, was made public some few years ago. This was to cut a canal from the Tarra, between the old build- ings of the" Immigrants' Home and Prince's bridge, running between Eme- rald-hill and Sandridge to the bay. Ono great feature in this scheme would be its comparative economy ; while there would be absent from it perhaps the most important feature belonging to that we have now been considering-namely, the draining of the whole of Melbourne north of Victoria-parade. While all Europe is occupied in look- ing anxiously at the clouds which gather over America and Poland, it is probable that the storm will burst in some quite other quarter. The Americans may fight on for some time longer without arriving at the stage of European interference or mutual extinction ; and the Poles can- not be helped, even if we had a rnind to help them, until the regular war season begins, which is the spring. In the meantime, the Germans and Danes are preparing a little embroglio of their own, the issuo of which may involve all Europo in war in a few weeks. The eternal and unintelligible Schleswig Holstein question, after fifteen years of diplomatic agitation, has ripened once more into an active quarrel. The army of the German Diet is actually on the march to the Danish frontier, to perform the mystic ceremony of " Federal execu " tion " upon the Danish province of Holstein ; and as the King of DENMARK entertains an objection to be federally executed, an army of Danes and Swedes is ready to encounter the Germans the moment they pass the frontier. It is a very preliy quarrel as it stands, ard, to the Teu'.onic mind, perhaps the sense of its onthetic beauty is not the less keen from its haziness. There aro very few who know precisely what the Schleswig-Holstein question is ; and perhaps the Diet itself would bo puzzled to explain it, for the benefit of foreigners. All that we can safely commit ourselves to is, that the Germans are desirous of rescuing the prov'neo of Holstein, and even the province of Schleswig, from Scandinavian dominion. Now, Holstein, though an old adjunct of the Danish kingdom, is a member of tbo German Federation. The King of DEN- MARK is Duke of Holstein by special inheritance, in somewhat the same man- ner as the Emperor of AUSTRIA is King of Hungary. As Duke of Holstein, the lung of DENMARK is himself of the German Diet, and, to some extent, owes fealty to the decrees of the Federation. So far Holstein. As for Schleswig, it is, and always was, a portion of Danish territory, owing no allegiance to Germany. In Schleswig, the people aro Danes, with a sprinkling of Ger- mans, just sis in Holstein, the people aro Germans, with perhaps a larger mixture of Danes. The popular sentiment of Germany, however, would claim both the provinces as part of the German Fatherland. Holstein has long enjoyed a separate constitution from the rest of the Danish kingdom, and does not even pretend to have been tyrannically used or ill-treated by its Danish King. On the contrary, it enjoys a go- vernment practically milder and moro liberal than perhaps that of any purely German state. Still, tho heart of the people yearns, or at least we are told by the Diet that it yearns, for closer communion with its German kindred. It is restless under the rule of the Scandinavian, and it pines to return into the bosom of Dutch land. Fifteen years ago, the Germans went to war with the Danes about this very German business ; and then, after a campaign entirely favourable to the Scandinavians, there was patched up a crude sort of armistice, which has ever since been on the point of being broken. It is broken at last, after solemn deliberation of the Diet, and to Saxony and Hanover has been entrusted the task of executing tho Federal will in Holstein and in Schleswig. The exact naturo of the demands made by the Germans is not very intel- ligible. But, so far as wo can gather from tho characteristically denso utter- ances of the ^German diplomatic mind, the especial claim set up' for the Holsteiners is, that they should be permitted to pay what taxes they please, and to make what laws they choose. It is required that they shall be, in fact, separated from the rest of the king- dom ; and with Holstein, it is attempted to separate Schleswig also, which is only very partially German, and which never belonged to Germany. To this the Danes have demurred, as in fact depriving their King of a part of his legitimate sovereignty, and reducing him to be the vassal of the Holsteiners' will. If the people of Holstein, it is urged, are* per- mitted to have a separate veto on the question of taxes, they will bo able to paralyse the whole strength of the kingdom, and to thwart the national policy at their pleasure. The King of DENMARK is inclined to yield the utmost possible to the German sentiment of his subjects in Holstein ; but he will not consent to bo merely Duke of Holstein. He stands by Ms right of King of Den- mark, and will acknowledge no suzerain in the Diet. And in this resolve he is aided and defended by the other two Scandinavian nationalities of Sweden and Norway. The obstinacy of the Germans in pursuit of a feeble sentiment wiE pro- bably bring Europe to the very verge of another bloody and useless war, out of which no good result can issue to civili- zation or to liberty. The remonstrances of England and the other two great Western powers have hitherto failed of turning the Diet from its purpose ; and the next mail will tell us whether the war has actually commenced or not. In the meantime, it is impossible that Englishmen can be long in doubt as to which side they should give thoir sympathies. The question is not one of liberty or of independence. It is no case of a down- trodden people struggling for freedom against a bar- barous oppressor. The agitation in Ger- many about Schleswig-Holstein is, indeed, not a little ridiculous and impudent, under the circumatances, There being no complaint against Denmark of harsh treatment of the Holsteiners, the quarrel turns purely on the abstract idea of na- tionality j and yet the Germans, so jealous of thenationality of their brethren in Den- mark, are not ashamed to maintain their ill-gotten hold of the Polish province of Posen, and even to act as the execu- tioners and lacqueys of Russia in regard to the unhappy Pole's. As to good government, it is certainly not a little impudent on the part of Prussia, which submits to see her national constitution trodden under foot by the King, to in- terfere on behalf of Schleswig-Holstein. The subjects ofDenmark, whether Danes or Germans, «re vastly better governed than, perhaps, those of any state under the Federation. There is not a shadow of excuse for any such insurrection as that which is now stirring in Poland-it is not even alleged that Denmark has violated any formal obligation or treaty. The Schleswig- Holstein war is purely a thing of sentiment ; and the sentiment is one which the world at large will hardly endure, if it leads to the injury or the weakening of the gallant, honest, and happy little kingdom of Denmark. At the weekly meeting of tho Council of the Acclimatisation Society, yostorday, the chair was vacated by Dr. Thomas* Black, the acting president, ID favour of Mr. Edward Wilson, the president, who returned fro Europe only last week. Mr. Wilson delivered on the occasion an address, explanatory of the progress which the acclimatisation move- ment is making in England. He referred to the assistance which the Imperial Govern- ment had consented to give the cause, by re- quiring its representatives throughout the world to supply answers to a number of acclimatisation queries, and by placing Her Majesty's Navy at the disposal of the Accli- matisation Sccioty of Groat Britain, and its branches. He mentioned tho progress which had been made in tho creation of a fund for the striking of medals for presentation to those who moy render important service to the Acclimatisation Society of Victorin. Mr. Wilson also called attention to the fact that Mi=s Burdett Coutts, Sir Charles Nicholson, Sir Daniel Cooper, and other personages of influ- ence and wealth, had undertaken from their own resources to introduce to Australia par- ticular birds and animals. Miss Coutts, for instance, had promised *lho nightin- gale, and proposed forwarding hither spe- cimens of that bird until it was' fully established. Mr. Wilson urged that the ex- ample was one which might well be followed by rich Victorians. The address was listened to with great attention, and at its close, Dr. Black warmly congratulated the society on the return of its president. At a meeting of the Anti-transportation League Committee, held yesterday, at the Town-hall, the Hon. W. C. Haines in the chair, it was resolved that the hon. secretary be authorized to get both the addresses of the League to tho people of England printed to- gether, for the purpose of transmission homo by the outgoing mail. It was also resolved that a meeting be held at four p.m. on the morrow, for tho purpose of expressing the thanks of tbo League to Mr. Edward Wilson for his consistent and persevering efforts In England against the resumption of transpor- tation to the Australian colonies. The con- sideration of an address to the neighbouring colonies was also postponed until the meeting on the following day. The hon. secretary was instructed to furnish to the offices of the prin- cipal merchants copies of such documents as they might desire to enclose in their business communications to their correspondents in the old country. The flood in the river continues to subside, though slowly. Yesterday, the current flow ? ing through tho gap in the St. Kilda road having also ceased, the woik of repair was commenced ; and it is possible that vehicles may be ablo to pass between Priuco'e-bridge and ,tho Immigrante' Home in the course of the day. Yesterday, several of the long detained steamers were able to leave the wharfs, and make their way out of the river. No less than ton vessels wore cleared at the Custom-house. Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday, at the morgue, upon tho body of John Siokoe, who was drowned at the New Dock on the 16th icBt. Edward Plummer, mate of tho schooner Eva, stated deceased was the mastsr of tho vessel, and was aged twenty-eight years. On tho evening of tho 16th inst. ho left the vessel at about eight o'clock, being quite sober at the time. AB it was raining very hard, and the whole wharf was covered with water, wit- ness tried to dissuado him from going ashoro, He never saw deceased again vsl\\\ bo found the body yesterday morning, about a hundred yards from the schooner. There were no mai-kü of violence upon trie body wheal found ; and the deceased's watch and 12s ftj ! in money were found upon him. jame¡ j Walmsley, an hotel runner, deposed thaton the * nlghtof the 16th inst. he met with thedeccased ' J at tho Sydney Hotel, and went with him to ti tho Exchange Hotel, which they loft at about % midnight. They were then both drunk On'1 going down to the dock where the schooner was lying, they found it all covered with. * water, and waded into it up to thoir neck! >' Deceased said, "Follow me, I know the'l tracb." The gas was not lit, and it was VM, ii dark. Suddenly the deceased disappeared >' and witness never saw him again. Ho looked fl for a constable, and called, but no one carno. Í As he could do nothing, be then tinned back $ not arriving homo till about four o'clock iii $ the morning. The jury found that tho de ' ceased was drowned on the 16th inst., whilst ' in a state of intoxication, Inquests were held yesterday, at East Col- ¡' lingwood, by the dktiict coroner, upon tho ! bodies of the two unfortunate boys who wera ' drowned on Monday, while bathing in a 5 creek near the river Yarra. The names of 1 the deceased were Thomas Hallam, aged k twelve yean«, son of Mr. Hallam, a green- f grocer, living at East Collingwood j and I George Blight, aged fifteen years, son of I JoEcph Blight, a carpenter. A boy of eight f yeais of age, named Eobert M. Stephens, said Ï being on the hill on the East Collingwood I Bide of the river Yarra on Monday afternoon, I ho saw tho two deceased lads strip them- I selves and go into the water to bathe. There J was a large deep hole, into which both f of tho boys got, and they both disappeared, f Thoy rose to the surface three times, bat j it seemed were unable to Bwim. Thero were * a good many .boyB in the water, swimming Î about, A man came up and tried to rescrw j the boys, but did not succeed. William King, * the man referred to, Bald that on the after- I noon in question he was down at the river fot | some water and walked along the bank, j watching the boys swimming. When within ' fifty yards of the placo where the decoasci ' lads had gone in he heard an alarm raised that two boys were drowned, and hastened to the spot. He pulled off his bootB and clothes and Eeoing the hand of one of the boys rise to the surface, ho jumped into the water, and swam to the place. However, being unable to dive, he could not get hold of either of the boys, and had to return to the shore, Ho then Bent for the police and for the fathers of the bojB. He did all that he could towards getting them out. Tbo place was not actually in the river ; it was in a blind creek near to the river. The jury found that tbo deceased ' boys wore accidentally drowned whilo bath- ing ; and further expressed their opinion that drags ¡ought to be kept at some convenient place by the river at East Collingwood, Yesterday was expected to have been a pretty busy day in the cricket-field, but ¡a one respect at least the arrangements pie viously made were not carried out, There was to have been a match on the Melbourne ground between the eleven who have been selected to play the elevon of the Albert Club of Sydney and elevon all-comers, but, for some reason or other not made manifest to the unenlightened public-and there were not a few persons present on the ground tbe game was not commenced. Instead, practice merely was the order of the afternoon, and in this way a number of our cricketers were no doubt use- fully employed for an hour or two. The ap- proach of the " Carnival of Cricket," which begins with Boxing-day, is exciting very con- siderable attention, and there is every reason to believe that thero will bo large gatherings on the Melbourne ground during the progress of the intercolonial and international matches. The Sydney eleven, who arrived by tho Bin- garra on Monday, havo lost no time in ba- talling themselves to practice, and tbey were busy all day yesterday on the' Bichmond ground. The team appears to be a remark- ably good one, and we should recommend the eleven representatives of the Melbourne Club to employ every spare moment between this and Boxing-day in the field, otherwise they may see the laurels go to the sister colony. Tho English Eleven wero also pretty hard at work yesterday, at Brighton, and the whole of them appear in first-rate playing condition, Ia addition to practice elsewhere, Mr. Grace gave the spectators on the Melbourne ground a brief taste of his quality as a batsman ; and from the specimen BO afforded, even if his English reputation had not accompanied him, there will be great interest felt as regards his first appearance at tho wickets in the forthcoming maich. His powers of hitting appear to be something extraordi- nary. The arrangements made for both tho intercolonial and international matches, with respect to the accommodation for spectators and otherwise, are being rapidly completed, and they are of a nature to give the greatest possible 'eclat to both events. Tho meeting of the International Cricket Match Committco, which was to have taken place at Marshall's Hotel yesterday afternoon, bas been further postponed until to-morrow. On that day, most likely, the twonty-two to play in the first match against the English Eleven will bo definitively chosen. At the St. Kilda Police Court yesterday, before Messrs. Sydes, Ross, and B. Williams, J.P.'s, Patrick O'Toole, for drunkenness and disorderly conduct, was fined 20s., or, in de- fault, seven days' imprisonment. William H. Hogg was brought up, charged with stealing a coat belonging to Joseph Liddle, living in Bull-street. As the prisoner declared he had bought the coat, he was remanded for seven days, to give him an opportunity of calling evidence in support of his statement. Two other charges against him were also re- manded until the same day. J. B. Lear ap- peared on summons to a complaint preferred by the police of having slaughtered upon his premises without a licence, and was remanded till Thursday next. Wo have received £1 Is. from Mr. H. Lyon, for tho relief of tho sufferers by the flood. The members of the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows have received an acknowledge- ment, through Lieutenant-General Knobys, of tho addicss of congratulation thoy for- warded to the Prince and Princess of Wales, on the occasion of thoir marriage. Tho Ovens Courier says :-*' Yesterday, during the progress of the coach from Clu. tt-rn, Bomo one on tho box carelessly dropped a spark from a pipo into the boot, and, on arriving in Beechworth, it was discovered that tho letters and parcels wero partially de- stroyed by fire." , A miner, named Caleb Griffin, has been committed by the magistrates of Eaglehawk for trial, on a charge of committing a cri- minal assault on a girl under thirteen years of age. The secretary of the Melbourne Orphan Asylum acknowledges a donation of £2 from It boa been stated in tho New South Wales Assembly that the Government has no inten- tion of appointing officers to collect the comer duties. ., The annual examination of the South Yarra Schools attached to the Presbyterian Church took place on Monday evening, in the presence of a large number of ladies and gentlemen resident In the district. The school is taught by Mr. Thomas James Connor, jun., assisted by Mrs. Connor. The scholars were thoroughly examined by the Rev. George Mackie in the various departments of gram mar, arithmetic, geography, &c;, and acquitted themselves to the satisfaction of all assembled, During Mr. Connor's short incumbency, the attendance has increased from eighty to nearly two hundred. Since the closing of the Theatre Royal, the fine orchestra, under M. Strebingcr, have per- formed nightly in the Vestibule. Audiences have not been very extensive, but they com- prised a large proportion of critical lovers of music, who have found occasion to praise in high terms the perfect condition of the orchestra, and the superior ability with which it has each evening performed favourite over- tures-such as those to Der Frieschutz, Guillaume Tell, and Stradella, and selections from operas, including Ernanl, Martha, Tro vatore, ond many others. The solos played ty M. Strebingor on the violin, M. Siedo on the flute, and Mr. Johnson on the clarionet, havo been particularly enjoyed. A tea meeting was held at Footscray on Monday night, for the benefit of the local building fund of tho Church of Engend. Several clergimen wero on the platform, and the audience was both numerous and respect- able. Mr. H. Austin gave an allotmont of ground, which wes drawn for " by lot," The fortunate selector was Mr. JoEcph Coward, .who munificently returned the allotment, to be again used for the benefit of the churoh iunds. ¿Title's A lias fell to the lot of Mrs. ?Captain Dove, and was also, with like libe inlity, placed to the credit of the building fund. His Excellency Governor Darling made the handsome donation of £15. The meeting passed off with success, and has been tho means of raising a considerable sum towards .the new church about to be erected in Foots- cray. An inquest was held yesterday, by Mr. Candler, at South Preston, upon the body of a child named Edward G. S. King, aged eight months. Deceased was the son of Samuel King, a shoemaker. He was taken ill on Thursday last, and had continued to get worse up to Sunday. During Sunday night, he was attended to several times by his mother, as he lay in bed beside her ; and on awaking on Monday morning, she found him dead. The post-mortem examination made of the body by Mr. Bowie, of Northcote, proved that death resulted from disease of the brain, and the jury found a verdict in accordance. The meeting of shareholders of the Vic- toria Reef Gold Mines Company (Bendigo), advertised to be held yesterday afternoon, in the Shakespeare Hotel, Collins street, was postponed until a future day, there not having been a quorum present half an hour after the time fixed for the meeting. We are requested to state that the St. Kilda Promenade Band will play on the beach reserve this evening, commencing at half p?.st seven, and that tho band will ba strengthened by additional instrument?. ?The Eastern-hill fancy fair presented a gay and animated appearance last night. The largo hall was comfortably filled, and the fair stallholders did a brisk trade. A number of new objects of interest were received into the curiosity department during the day, in- cluding a fine model, in plaster, of St. George's Church, Wellington-street, which was much admired. In the evening, when it was lit up from the interior, it had a very pleasing effect. Mr. Rogers, of Smith-street, erected a powerful galvanic battery, which was the cause of great merriment to the juveniles. Among the curiosities exhibited by Mr. Rogers was " a telescope for seeing through any thing," which greatly puzzled those who had a pet p. Tho price of admission has been reduced. Tho annual meeting of the Church of Englend Sunday-school Institute has been .postponed to the 5th proximo. An adjourned tpecial meeting of the Medi- cal Society will be held this evoning, to con- sider the important question of medical education. An important sale of colonial wines takes place to day at the auction rooms of Messrs. John Levy and Sons. The stock is that of Messrs. De Dollon and La Moile. An attractive entertainment is announced to take place in St. George's-hall, this even- ing, the object of which is to aid the funds of the Melbourne Orphan Asylum. The diver tiseme-nt will be of a varied kind, comprising, os it is intended to do, Mr. Ray's " Christmas in Old England," popular readings by Mr. -James Smith, and a vocal concert, in which several of the leading musicians will take part. At Williamstown Police Court, on Saturday, before Mr. Call, P.M., Charles Scott, a sea- man belonging to the ship Vortigcrn, charged .with insubordination, was sentenced to four- teen days' hard labour on board the hulk. William Skinner, for making use of obscene language in a public place, and destroying .Government property in the watchhouse, was fined 20s., with 3?. damages ; or, in default, forty-eight hours' imprisonment. On Mon- day, James Russell, for being drunk and using insulting language in a public place, was fined 10s,, with tho alternative of forty oight hours' imprisonment, Four seamen, named LOUÍB Pugh, DaviB Morris, John Davis, and David Thomas, belonging to the ship Maryborough, charged with being absent without leave, wero sentenced to four weeks' hard labour on board tho hulk. Charles Roberts, charged with obstructing the mar- shal's officer in the execution of his duty, and using threatening language, on board tho French barque Gaspard, waa bound over in the sum of £10 to keep the peace for three months. There were no cases of any importance taken at the East Collingwood Police Court yesterday. The charge, postponed from lost -court day, against John Pollock, for allowing his horse to run away, waa dismissed ; and an information sworn against John Sandi- lands, for threatening to take away the life of his wife, was also dismissed. George Williams, for stealing a pair of boots, valued at 14s., was sentenced to fourteen days in gaol, with hard labour. James Roaburn, for allowing his cows to wander through the public streets, was fined 2s. Cd., and 2s. 0J. costs. A charge against Andrew Regan, for a similar offence, was dismissed. Several small debts summons cases, for goods sold and delivered and work and labour done, wore also dealt with. Mr. W. Templeton, P.M., and Messrs. W. Thomas and G. B. Halles, local justices, were the magistrates on the bench. The superintendent of the Immigrants' Home, Princo's-bridge, desires to acknowledge a donation of a case of porter from Messrs. M'Clure, Valentine, and Ce., for the Christmas dinner to the inmates. It is now somo years since Messrs. Spiers and Pond first established their fame as caterers, by initiating a series of railway excursion pic nies to a little island, sur- rounded by Jackson's Creek, near Sunbury. According to some deECrlptions which ap- peared in our columns at the time, these affairs wero mott enjoyable to holiday keepers, of the most exigent description ; for, instead of following the usual plan of for -warding the purchasers of tickets to a place where they wero left to find amusement for themselves, nil sorts of means for pleasure, including a band for dancing, wero provided. Thick-coming novelties put a stop to these occasions for a while ; but it seemB that Messrs. Nallam nnd King, of the Cafó do Paris, havo prepared for a " Monster pic-nic and ball al fresco," at the same spot, on nest Boiilng .day, the railway fare bobas reduced to 8s. and 5s. for return tickets. It is announced that the All-England Eleven have accepted an in- vitation to attend ; and as the well-known entrepreneurs promise to provide every acces- sory in the way of means of amusement and refreshments that can possibly be looked for, the affair will doubtless be successful. A deputation from the shire council of Bal- larat, composed of Mr. Baird, chairman, Mr. Kemp, member, and Mr. Mather, secretary, were introduced to the Hon. Commissioner of Kailwoys and Boads yesterday, by Mr. G. G. Morton, M.L.A., their object being to ask the Government to demand of the said council that five miles of tho Ballarat and Burrumbeet road should be made. This would entitle tho council to a subsidy of £210 per mile from tho Government, and as the vote for this purpose will lapse at the end of the year, the members were desirous to make sure of as much money as possible. Mr. Grant agreed to the request, and also that such portion of the Lexton and Avoca road as ran through the Ballarat shire should be proclaimed a main road, provided the Lexton and Avoca councils made similar requests in respnet to their portions. Tho deputation then withdrew. 