ROYAL MARRIAGE FESTIVITIES. Tuesday, tho 19th May, 1803, will bo chronicled os one of the most remarkable days in the liistoiy of this oily nnd colouy. Tho loyal instincts of the reoplr, their heartfelt de votion lo tho ncrson nnd fnmilv of tho Sove- reign, and their sinccro sympathy willi tho auspicious event which formed tho immcdiato tliemo of rrjoicing, have beou illustrated under not tho most propitious circumstances in a manner most iinmistnkrable. All classes, oil ages, all intcresls, from Hie richest to the poorest, have met for once 011 common ground, nnd devo'.cd themselves to tho accomplishment of n common purposo witli a zeal and determi nation thoroughly national and cliaracl eristic. First, it is proper to remember that though tho populace — we, tho whole people — lind made up our minds to the work oi yesterday weeks ago — tiie heads of tho people condescended to give us only a few days' notice of tho actual dato of celebration. If wo except, perhaps, our worthy Mayor nnd his ohlo lieu tenant, the Town Clerk — had tho latlcr been himeclf descended from one of tho old Vik ings, he could not have worked more reso lutely — there was literally no one of the notables 011 the qui rire. Next wo wero run almost to our wil's rnd for iron piping, lend piping, gas fitters, and artists ; next wo had only two gas companies ; and Inst, end most formidable difficulty of all, wo may as well own to it nt once, from an eorly hour in tho morning tho rain camo down in right Er.glish fashion. Fcr some hours, anxious onrs to mnny,.it was one of llionic st possibloquestions whether Jupiter l'luvius would not prove too much' for (he unitod vigour of Saxon, Dnno, Norman, Teuton, Mongolian, nnd Celt. Once indeed his mjthologicnl majesty had, appa rently, got the beet of it, but only for the short spaoo of Eomo twenty minutes or half nn hour. Then, as if tho spirit, and indomitable pluck of their ancestors had passed sud denly into their breasts, it was resolved to go on. A hasty meeting of the committee was held at tho liall of the I'oval Socioty, a despatch was sent off to his Excellency, robes wero packed up, the wavering fragments of the various bodies who were to take part in the procession wero concentrated, children wero collected, music was heard, cabs wero char tered, banners unfurled, nnd the whole city, which had been astir for hours liko bees in a hive, set itself on the mareii, cn route for tho southern Bide of the river, to meet the Governor und begin the day. It waa to be, and it was. From what exact hour in the morning the city began to move it would bo difficult to tell. St. James's bells wero probably among the earliest symptoms of preparation. Artillery was heard nearly the wliolo morning in one direction or another, nnd again at noon, and at intervals through the day. As tho hours wore on towards noon, tho streets began to fill rapidly, erery house, or almost every house, displayed its streamers or banners, while from all the principal build ings, banks, theatres, warehouses, and hotels, floated a profusion of il ige of all nations, among wliioh those of England and Denmark were, of course, conspicuous. In many piaceB lines of flags and pendants were festooned right across tho principal Btrcots, and even in somo of tho smaller ones, and their number, gaiety, and variety of color struck the eye with a brilliancy of effect which completely baffled the would be gloominess oi tho groy clouded canopy which still overhung tho metropolis. Tho arcades formed by the long lines of ve- 1 rand alls in Collins street, Bourko s'reet, Swatiston etreot, and Elizabeth street, were thickly draped with fragrant boughs, and muteriolly increased tho picturos- quenees of tho coup d'ccil. The preparations for illumination wero still going on in all quarters, and many establishments wero not quite complcto in their arrangements until tho ovoning waa considerably advanced. Tlie Chineso quarter of the town opened tho ball in a manner peculiar lo itself, by a tre mendous and sustained fire of crackers, of true Mongolian manufacture, tho noise of which resembled a continuous roll of musketry, and which was prolonged through tho day — we do not exaggerate — until a lato hour in tho evening. The example of tho Celestials was contagious, tho street boys followod suit, and during the afternoon, and even while the illu minations were going on, a literally ceaseless roar of the minnta and occasionally mis chievous artillery was kept up in every street. Frem many houses these missiles wero dis- chargodfromthowindowsand roofs, and fell with startling effect in tho midst of tho crowd below, which, however, men and women both, only laughed and threatened in return, and bore every assault with unfailing good temper. How tlie bullocks were roasted whole, how the barrels of beer wero tapped, how the children and the poor were feasted, how the bonfires were ignited, liow bluelighta and red fire, and blue fire, and rockets, and Roman candles, and fireworks of nil descriptions were lot off to vary tho distractions nnd the excite ment,' it wore long to toll. Probably every body saw something, or did something that no ono else saw or did, and lias something to tell that no one else could know of the carnival of Melbourne which befell on tlie 19th May, 18G3. Tho aspeot of tho city at night was really mott striking and beautiful. The vory un equal ground on which Melbourne is built per mits of many points of view from which it may be surveyed with advantage. The magnificent width of tho principal streets afforded full space for the development of tho effoot of tho illuminations, and from the eastern and wes tern extremities of Collins street and Bourko strcot, in particular, the result oouU hardly liaro beeu surpassed. Early in tho evening tho gas fittingB in several localities wore not perfectly in order, but towards tan o'elook, and from that hour till midnight, when tho day was concluded by 0 general salute, tho utmost success was nttained. Tho Treasury and the Houses of Parliament, tho Town-hall, tho Theatre Royal, the Alhambra, nnd some of the Bu lks wen, prr-nnineritly distinguished for tin ir graudtur anil brilliancy. Arranaemcnts were made for lar,:c bonfires lo bo "lighted sitnultonsoiiily on Mount Mncodon and tho other high mountains throughout tho colony, but the str.te of tho weather proventod them being ssen. Wc give in Hef oil the day's proceedings. 'Ill volunteers and tub salutes. Many were the anxious faces which p.ored forth yeci.-rJay morning to ascortain tho state of the weather. Up to about a quarter past fi?e o'clock, although the sky wni considerably oteroiSt, ihc ruin -fin held up ; but soon after that time tho rain descended iu torrents, and it then booawe ovident that, even if tho wholo festivities wero not put a stop to, that at any rate a great part of tho pleasure would be marred, and this became mora apparent as the morning broke and tho daylight appeared, and with it a cloudy sky, a heavy rain, and muddy streets. Great must liavo been the disappoint ment of those who had for warded their arrange ments, and not loss of thnse — and their namo was legion — who had laid thoinsolrea out to thoroughly enjoy themselves, and to give themselves up altogether to pleasura and excitement. About half-past bcvoi o'olock the volunteers — comprising tho Molbourne and suburban compani-s, with tho Royal Victoria Volunteer Artillery, in nil to tho number of 575 — assombled in front of tho now military barracks on tho St. Hilda Road for tho purposo of com mencing tho day's proceedings by firing a feu-do-joio in honor of tho royal marriage. Brigadier General Ciiuto with Colonol Auder- son and the atuff ofllcors wora on tho ground. After thoealuto of twonty-ono guns had bcon fired by tho Rifles and Artillery, tho Colonel Commandant addressed tlia men, and thanked them for their attendance. At half-put six n.m. a rovel saiuta of twenty-one guns wa< fired from the drill ground of the Riclunonc Artillery, and an hour later the Royal Arlil lery, under Lieutenant Grubb, fired a salut 1 from the heavy guns at tho Sumlridge battei; the procession. Nino o'elook was the hour fig; j at flitch tl procession should fall in in f.-ont of tho Rot! Society's Hull, nt tho jitiiolien .if Lelrobo 11' ' A'ie'oriu streets ; but at that timo there wo only two or three members <>( the fl-jok-ipi Committer in attendance. Mr l 'ltzgtl-b-in.no Tow: _'! I K. : i: 1 .hostile of the wcatar BO.unlavorablc, nt once proceeded to the private residence cf tho Mayor for tho purpose of ascertaining how far the arranged programmo for tho day could bo carried out. In the mranwhib the different societies who had sig nified t heir intention of taking part in tho festivities began to ssivmblr, but as tlie sky still continued obscured by the dark clouds, it was rot deemed prudent to proceed, until tho weather el owed eotue indication of clearing up. Tho Town Clerk announced that ho had so eommunieited with tho Major, and tlie result was a deliy of cbout ail hour and n half, for tho purpoio of ascertaining whether tho pro cession, 03 advertised, could bo formed. About balf-post ileveii o'clock Captain Bancroft arrived nt the Hall in company with the Mnyor, nne n decision was at once arrived nt, to form tiie processii n or so much as rcmniucct of it, at oner and proceed to tho reserve, nnd a notification was despatched to his Excellency, that the ndircsscs of congratulation to their Royal Higlneescs the l'rince and Princess of Wales woud bo presented to him on tho ground, as it wns considered more advisable that Ibis ccrraonial should lako place on tho spot origindlj mentioned, in preference to presenting' 1I10 addresses at tho Government offices, accotlingly, about half-past oleven a prccessic.il vos formed. Inspeclor Ilaro at once closed tio streets through which the cor tege would isvo to pass, and in the pouring rain the foil. wing order was formed. Brass Bnnl. Town Oleic and Police Inspector, mounted. Mnyor nne Corporation, three abreast. Members if tlie Caledonian Sooiely in full costume, preeded by pipor. Members J the Csmbtisn Society, preceded by band, witl liarp and banner with the follow ing inscriplan, "Llwddiant i Victoria Tra Mor tra Brylion." Grand Uniod Order of Odd Fellows in full regalia. Foresters, lollingtvood, Court Perseverance, throe abreast with banner. Ma-one, wlh banner, beaded by Mr C. J. Don, M.L.A Carpentcrsand Joiners, with banner. Upper Yirra Watermen, six in number, witli boat deorated and figure emblematic of Neptune wit' trident. Mancheste Unity of Odd Fellows, with banner. Carlton Bnd of Hope, with banners. Holbam Yeslcyan Band of Hope, with banners. Setiool CEdren, with banners. The procciion, which extended to a distanco of about halla mile, proceeded along Victoria street, by Jktrobc street into Spring street ; from thence down Bourko street nnd along Swanston sleet to Princes Bridgo. In con sequence of he inclemency of tlie weather and tho muddy lateof tlio streets, tho original lino of route n-ninot followed out. Tho footways of tho varios streets through which tho pro cession pastd wero lined witb spcc'.atois, and, through til. precautions lulcen by the police, vehicles woi not pertnilted to pats. Tho decorated tat of tha Yarra watormcn, which was drawn y six of Mr Morloy's fmo horses, attracted tb most attention, and the represen tative of ol Father Neptune nppenred in his element as 0 stood in the boat utterly regard less of .tiiojJentiful shower of rain which was falling upo him. Tho Highland Socioty also attracted etcntion, as tho members were all in full cosimc. Tho representatives of tho Cambrian briety, in addition to tho wedding favours wil which they wero decorated, woro a look. Jong tho lino of niurch tho band played sevral lively airs, as if to keep up tho onthusiasuof those win followed in their wakoj bu notwithstanding the rain, which fell in tormts, tho ardour of those 111 march ing in proctsion was in no wise damped, which was freely icmonstralcd by their willingness to fall in so sail as requested to do so. Tho roads wero mistably dirty, but it was soarcrly of any use fa those who had eiiliatod themselves under thi banners to pick their way, and therefore irougli mttclc and miro thoy wero compcllodo go willy-nilly. thi government reserve. If the troets prusonted a muddy nppoar- nncc, tho rovernmcnt Reserve wns still worse. In many laces the mud was anklo docD, and the long fass was miserably nnd uncomfort ably : w;;. Tho Brigadicr-Generul, with Colonol jiderson, woro present 011 tho ground. Tho tent vliicli was set opart for tho uccum- modatiorof his Excellency tho Governor, was Bituated -n tho crown of the hill. A neat iron railig had been placed around it, and admiesios were made by ticket. In front of the ntranco was a guard of honor consiBtin of volunteer rifles selected from eight of tho coipanies, under tho order of Msjor Pitt. Aiong those presont in tho Governor's pavilion, wore tho Dean of Melbourne, tho Yico Chacellor of the University in his ncn- deaiio tbes, Professor Hearn in his scarlet robes, Pifessor M-Coy, Professor Halford, Dr Eadcs, tr Cutis, Dr Barker, Dr Bromly, D.D., k Muellor, Mr Billing, Mr D. A. Hughcsill in tlieir academic robes. The masters f ar's wearing tbeir hoods, and also tho undi graduates of the University, forty in numbora tbeir caps and gowns. The floor of tho priiion was bearded over, and in tho front r<v soatB wore roservad for ladies, of whom tiro wore a fow present. Immediately behind is Excellonoy'B chair the Scotchmen took upheir position, nnd in close proximity to thcauppearod tho Welshmen, nnd around tho circ wero distributed members of tho LegislaVo Council and Assombly, nnd thoBo gontlenn who had received invitations. Tho only mnber of tho ministry wo noticed who was prant was the lion It. 3. Anderson, Com- missioir of 'Trado and Customs, who stood immedtoly behind tiie Governor in com pany 'ith Mr J. G. Francis, M.L.A. Tho rocession marched at onne to the pniiion and was marshalled around the osido of the railing. Tho interior of tho avilion presented a pretty appearance. In tlieentro was a dais, on which woro placed seals t tho viee-rognl party. About half-past one olock, the signal was given that his Ex- oollcn' lmd arrived on the ground, and soon aftcntrds the Governor's rarriage, cacortod by a trot of tho Victoria Light Cavalry, drove up t- tho cntrauco of the pavilion. Sir Hem, who was attended by Colonel Carey, Coloil Anderson, and Captain Bancroft," A.D.., was dressed iu 0 blue frook oiat, and woreho riband nnd 6tar of tho Order of tho Bad On tlio left breast lie aisa woro a largo wbil favor, with medallion portraits of tlio Prim of Wales und tlio Princosa Alexandra ropnontod on tho ends. His Excellency was recced with great cheering, and the band strik up tho National Anthem. presentation of addresses. Ia Worship the Mayor, attired in his ofll- unrobes, with cocked lint, and accompanied by fr Fitzgibbon, tho Town Clerk, in his legal rcls as a barrator at-lsw, with Alderman Key and Councillors Bsyles, Thorpo, Gold- smh, narbison, Jones, Brown, Edwards, and Widow, tho.i camo forward, in order to pre- sei to his Excellency tho congratulatory adresses agreed to by tlio City Council on the pptous day. lis worship Buid I have tlio honour to psont to your Excellency an address of eon- g tulutic n to her most gracious Majesty on tl 0 cm-ion of tlio marritigo of her son, h's lynl Highness tiie Princo oi Wales. 'I he 'I own cleuk read the address, as flows-: — 1 lo the (Juccn's Most Excellent Mnjosly. " May it please yr.nr Majesty, — "We, your most dutiful nnd loyal subjects, 10 mayor, aldermen, councillors, and citizens f the City of Melbourne, approach your Mo iety with humble assurances of our devoted ttnehment to your itoyal throne and pen-on. " Wo beg to olf.r our heartiest coogratula- 100ns upon tho happy mirringa of your .Majesty's eldest son, his Royal HMmcss Lliu Prince of WJ'» to the Princess Alexandra of Denmsrii — a union li'iib-d witli delimit through all your M-.jesty's dominion-— a,,d from its o-igin and eircum-r.inees cerlnin, with tho bbsiing of Almigh y Go t, t„ eventuate in pure and lasting Iwoptu-ss t j tlio august Princo and Princess, nn-J i t continued prosperity and peace t.j the cmpi c. " Deeply sensible of all Hie blessings enjoyed by in, and our fellow subjects throughout tlio world tinder yeur Majesty's benign and cx- empliry sway, we prey that your Majesty's enujucious reign may long onduro, und that u many jewelled cro wn of children's children may ho cdcicd to ths Ii>yat ciiadoin, nrotmd which your uL.yesty h wreathed itd brightest orna ment i.ie grateful aiTctiou of your people. | Tho Major nl?o presented, tlio following ad- j drcsjcs to tho Prince and Princess of Wales, which were likewise read. "To his Itoyal H'ghness Albort Edward, Prince of Wales. "May it please your Koynl Highness, — " We, the mayor, aldermen, councillors, and citizens of iho City of Melbourne, rc?ppctfu!ly beg to offer to your Royal Highness our humble congratulntions upon your Royal Highoess's auspicious marriage, and to express our earnest hopes and wishes that your union with tho fair and august lady the Princces Alexandra of Denmark may bo attended with every blessing, and witli all tho happiness and joy which Divino Providence can bestow." i "To her Royal Highness tho Princess of Wales. " May it please your Royal Highness,— "We, tho mayor, iddermen, councillors, nnd citizens of the city of Melbourne, respectfully beg to offer to your Royal llirimees our humble congratulations on the auspicious occa sion of your marriage. "Partakers of the universal joy which tho happy event hns diffused amongst tho British people, ue desire to utter our acclamations of wolcomo to your Royal Highness, and our sincercst prayers and wishes that, with your princely consort, tho heir to the sovereignty of these realms, you may enjoy perfeot felicity, and every blessing." His excellency replied as fellows:— As the representative of her M»j isty in this colony, I receive with pleasure the loyal and dutiful address of the Corporation and citizens of Mel bourne, und I will fake care that it shall bo laid at the foot of the throne. I am euro that it cannot fail to l)o gratifying to her Majesty, n well as to tho Prince at.d Princess of Wales, os they wilt see in it a fresh proof cf tho loy alty and attachment of the inhabitants of this portion of her dominions. " \ Tho next uddreEB was from tho Culodonian Society. Mr j. s. bctteks said that it afforded him extreme pleasure to present tho address to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, contain ing tho congratulations of his fellow-country men residing in this colony. His Roy.il High ness was known to have a warm heart towards Scotland, nnd tho Caledonian Society thought that Ihey hod a right to offer their congratula tions and tribute of respect on tho occasion of his union with the illustrious houso of Den mark. Ho then read tho following address: — "To his Royal Highness Albert Edward, Princo of Wales, Duke of Rothsay, Baron Renfrew, Earl of CarrLk, and Lord of the Iah s. " Wo, tho president, vice- president, and directors of tlio Caledonian Society of Victoria, as loyal and dutiful subject?, humbly beg to tender our most heartfelt congratulations on the auspicious occasion of (he union of your Royal Highness with the illustrious Houso of Drnin&rk;, and to record our most earnest prayer that u kind and benificent Proridenco may unceasingly protect and bless our hope — tho hope of tlie nation. " Signed on behalf of tho members of tho society. " A. m'millan, President, etc." His excellency had great pleasure in re ceiving tho loyal address, nnd would tako care that tho version in ancient Gaelic should also bo transmitted ; but ho was afraid, though his Royal Highness bore tho title of Baron Ren frew, Duko of Rothsay, and Lord of tho Isles, and had, by tho kind' providence ol tho Queen, Bpcnt many years in Scotland, still lie thought that ho would ecarcoly bo ablo to rend tho Gaelic, and thoreforo it would bu necessary to send tlio translation also. Mr m'dougall then read the address in tho ancient Gaelic. " Mr B. G. Davics, M.L.A., Mr J. B. Humffray, M.L.A., Mr. J. Davies, MX. A., and Mr J. Miles then presouted tho following address from tho Cambrian Society:— " To his Royal Highness Albert Edward, Princo of Wales, Twyso? Cymri, " May it plcasa your Royal Highness,— "We, tho provident, vice-president, and other members of the Cvmrcigyddion Society of Melbourne, in unison with ail classes of our loyal Cambrian brethren resident in Yic!oria, Australia, respectfully desiro to offer our most heartfelt congratulations to your Royal High ness, tho dutiful Bon of an illustrious mother, our beloved Queen, on your Imppy murria o with her Royal Highness (lie Princess Alex andra of Denmark. " Wo also venture omplmtically to hail ond address your Royal Highness as 4 Our own Prince,1 tho Princo of Wales. "Although now far from our own dear nativo lind, we cannot but feel that our best and warmest affections aro thoro pluoed, and wo would vonturo most humbly but firmly to express our hopo that our land — tho Proud Land1 from which your Koynl Highness takos your first cxaltod title— may have frequent op portunities of seeing your Royal Highness, as wo feol ossured that tho more your Royal Highness is acquainted with 'our land tho more you will uppreciato and cntor into tho feelings of its people. " With tho brilliant examples of virtuo set bofore you by your Royal and illustrious parents, wo predict tlie snmo happiness in your union that was enjoyed by your illustrious ar.d Royal paronts. " And that tho blessing of tho Almighty God may attend your Royal Highness and your illustrious wife will be tho constant prayer, Or holl Cymry.' " " Signed ou belmlf of tho Cambrian inhabi tants of Victoria. " thomas miles, etc." His excellence said that it would be an omission if tho Cambrim Society had failed to present an address on this occasion. He would take caro aod transmit the address to His Royal Highness, who would no doubt read it with pleasure. Tho Odd Fellows then presented an address of congratulation to the Princo of Wales. The goyerkoh promised to transmit, and expressed his pleasure in carrying out tho wishes of the order. The Hon R. heaz.es, MX.A., then pre sented an address from the Victoria Baud of Hopo Union, a9 follows : — " To his Excellency Sir H. Bnrlcly, etc. " Wo, tho member of tho. Victorian Band of Hopo Union, desiro to approach your Ex cellency as the representative of our beloved Bovoreigu Queon Victoria," and testify our loyalty und utlauhmsntto her Majesty's .person and throne, " Wo join with nil ranks of her Afnjusiy'o subjects in sincero congratulation upon tho meet auspicious marriage of his Royal Holi ness the Princo of Wales and the Princess Alexandra of Denmaik." We devoutly wish long ' life, ond happiness to tho young Royal pair, ond pray that the ..'Hopi of England' and tho.; 'Rose of Denmark' may worthily copy; the example of our beloved Queen und Albert the Good. " Wo bog to infjrm -your Excellency that tho Victorim Band of Hope Union nunbsrs more than 20C0 juvenile total abstainers, each of whom heartily prays, God save tho Queen, and long life nnd happinois to Albart Edward and Alexandra. " Wo respectfully requ?st tint your Excel lency-will be plra?o 1 to transmit this address to tlieir -Royal Highnesses the X'rinco andX'riocess of Wales." His excellency promised to transmit tha address, and that tho loyul nnd dutiful senti ments containod in it should bo made known to his Royal Highness. Mr Sbaiile presented the following address from tho working mon of Victoria, a Inpfced at a puhlio meeting held r.n tho 16th of May "We, tho working-men of tho city of Mol bourne unci its vicinity, in tlio colony of Vic toria, bo:ng devotedly ultaohod to your Ryal Highness, as tlie hoir>npparcut to tho British (Iirone, most respectfully tender our 'Sincere onngratulitions on tlio tuarriagn of your Royal Highness with tho Princess of Denmark." Tha other passages of the address wero of somo length. bu henry barely replied that the addrcsB should bo duly transmitted to his Royal Highness, and he would venture to say in his namo tlmt among tho multitude of addrrsies which would reach him, nono would afford him more grafificition than this containing (lio sentiments of the working mon of Melbourne. Tho Anciont Order of Foresters, Mel bourne district, next presented thtfr address, which was duly acknowledged by his Excel- lenoy. Mr latzgibbon handed to tho Governor a copy of n colonial National Anthem, composed by Mr J. F. Blanche of Tullamarino. His ExoELLKNcr then said : Tho proceedings of tlio day arc now concluded. I regret that tho pleasure has been marred by tho in clemency of the weather , but os postpone ments nro always disagreeable, I think that tho most prudent course was to go on. I will now call for thrco cheoru for tho Quoen and their Rovfil Highnesses tho Princo nnd Princess of Wales. Three hearty cheers wero then givon by thoso inside tlie pavilion,' which was taken up by tho crowd outside, who responded most enthusias tically. /U tho rrqucsfc of'tho Governor, thrco | more cheers were given for the Prince of Wales. Cheers were also givcu for his Excel lency and Lady Darkly. ' Tlio GovEKNOit rosretted tho absence of Lady Barkly, who was Buffering from tho effects of neuralgia. Ho would, thoreforo, cut the cake in her stond. A largo and riohly ornamented wedding cake, supplied by Messrs ICnight, of Collins street, was thou cut up and distributed amongst those present. Avery short timo elapsed be fore tho cake made n totol disappearance, nnd numberless pieces wero carried away by tho young ladios to dream upon, and such liko. Several bumpers of champagne were emptied in drinking tlio health of tho ilhutrious couple ; and after three cheers had been given for the Mayor, who, in turn, called for thrco choors for the Governor, after which His Excellency took his departure, shortly after twelro o'clock, midst the cheers cf ihc resembled spectators. thk dinner to thk poor, etc. As tlio rain was still pouring in torrents, it become very evident that no sports could tako place. Tho Governor's pavilion was taken possession of by tlio people, und tho band having been brought under cover, dancing wns commenced and kopt up for isoine timo. Tho poor, and thoso persons who had obtained tickets for tho dinner, woro provided with a cold collation iu tho spacious morqneos, which were erected in a scmi-circul&r; form round the Governor's pavilion. Sitting accommo dation had teen provided for 6000 persons, and eatables in proportion. Tho tables wero soon all occupied by tho adults and children, tho latter woro regaled with plum pudding, buns, lollies, and gingor beer, while tiie adults had a plentiful supply of meat, bread, pudding, and beer,and to judgo by the hasty disappearance of tho viands, tho wet weather seemed not to IlflYft PYOffilffitfl nnr r\ru? ilrlimnl I'nflii.tnnnnn flm appetites of tlio assembled multitude, but rather Oil tlio contrary. Tlio wholo of the arrange ments wero ontrustcd to Mr T. Grimwood, but the provisions wore supplied by other caterers. Several publicans had pitched their tents on the ground, but it is feared tlmt tliey were not very extensively patronised. Tha Highlanders went through a few dances on tho platform, but though by this time tlie rain had ceased, Btiil tlio air was cold and damp, a :d the ground so particularly muddy that tiio people began to disperse. It was simply a matter of impossibility to got up any Bports ; to talk of racing, with tlio mud ankle deep, was too ab surd a proposition to bo entortained, and old English 6ports woro out of tho question, there- - fore, as tlio only means of passing away the time, " Kiss in the Ring" was resorted to, and kept up with spirit until dark, when tho ground began to bo deserted, nnd truly there wns but little to afford any attraction, much mora amusement. Tlie children of the Immigrants Aid Society ; wero satisfactorily provided for, a substantial dinnor being served in tho homo in tlie courso of tho day. Tlie children found umplo mcanB for amusement, notwithstanding the unfortu nate stato of tlio weather, and tho band played anything but an unimportant part in tho reoeption of his Excellency nt tho Resorve. The rowing matches, on tho Yarjn, which were looked forward to as likely to afford somo amusement to thoso 'congregated on the hill, were also put off. Tlio boats wero in readi ness, and the majority of tho crowB, both ama teurs and professionals, prepared to contest tho various prizes ; but as tlio multitudo had dis persed, and tho rain eonlinued, a question was raised as to the expediency of oarrying out races, which wero intondod by tho promoters to tie not only as encouraging rowing, but as an interesting feature in tho sporls of the occa sion. As there wero no admiring thousands to witness tho prowess of our Victorian oars men, as tlio managers had tho precedent that tho sports on tho hill hod been postponed, and os there seemed to bo no likelihood of .an abatement of skyey influences, the races, to tho satisfaction of nairly ovory ono concerned, were postponod till next Titosdoy, a general holiday in celobrotion of her Mujosty's birth day. FIRF.WOKKS AND BONFIUE3. Soon after sundown sovoral bonfires wore lit up. Tho ono in tlie Government Reserve just over tho_ hill, was, porhnps, the largest. It burned with great vigour for somo time; but gra dually tho fire showed a bright and lurid light. Bonfires wora also discorniblo from tlio direc- tion of Emerald Hill, Sandridge, North Mel bourne, and Coliingwood. At ton o'clock a display of fireworks took place on tho hill. The first sitowor of rockets wns tho signal for a display from tho vnrious suburbs around the city, which produced a firio effect. Tho illu minations in Meibourno wero Been to great ad vantage from tlio Rosorvo, ond as at this timo tliero waa n lull in tho wind, tho gas dovieos wero plainly sopu from a long distanco. Two pretty limo lights of different colors and of great brilliancy woro displayed from tho top of tlie Melbourne Club, whioli sliono out from amidst tlio surrounding lights with great ofiect. Tho display of Sreworka from tho hill consisted for the most part of rockots, with a few showora of coloured lights and somo Roman candles. Tito concluding display was very good and tlie illuminated device — ' " England's Hope," with tho initial letters A. and A., was pretty and appropriate. Tho pyrotoohnic arrangements wero under tho superintendence of Mr Brock, late of Orcmorno Gardens. THE GOVERNOR'S BANQUET. A grand parlinmontnry butquer, given ia Honor of the auspicious event, by his Excel- . ceilency tlio Governor, took place last ovening, in tho Exhibitioa Building. Here, us mother instances, the enthusiastic loyally of tlio people of Victoria-was manifested. About two hundred : of the elite of tlie colony, including tlio mem bers of tlio Upper and Lower Houses, , the membors cf the Executive Oounnib the princi pal military, nuvul, and volunteer offioovs, th',i ' heads of dopurtmeuU, the Mnvor and miimbefs of tlio Oity Council, tho chairmon of the several suburban mi.n'.eipolilies, tho heads of the various religious denomination!-, (ho. foreign consuls, and tho commander of tho Djunbi and four of her officers ware present. Tho Exhibition building was gaily decorated for tho occasion. At tlie cast ond of tho bin ding, a slightly raised dais was erected, handsomely adorned J witli lmngings of scarlet velret and gold, tho Royal arms, tho lion of England, thistle of Scotland, shamrock of Ireland, and harp of Wales. Ou tile dais was a crown, and on eitb.r side tlie iottcrs V. R., illuminated with t as jets. At the ooposito end, in front of tho orchestra, was tlio Prince of AVnlea's feather, and on either sido tho letters A. A., similarly illuminated, whilst various national and emblematic tl Aug?, amongst which tho Royal standnrds of Great Britain and Donmavk were, of courso, most conspicuous, hung pendant from tiio gallery. Between tlio dab and tlio orehestrn, tho tables were laid, and we may hero just state that under tiio able superintendence of Mr Cassidy, h's Excollcncy's steward, assisted by Mens. Savers, the chef do cuisine, tho vinnds woro ail that could ho desired by the most fastidious gourmand. Tho tables wero elegantly deco rated witli choice exotics, and tho wholo of tho arrangements reflected the greatest credit upon those on whom they devolved. Tho orchi Btro occupied rather more room than usual, in consequeneo of a numbor of tlio membors of the Philharmonic Society bring presont, in addition to an excellent brns3 and string band. Tiie musio formed no inconsiderable portion of tho evening's entertainment, and the National Anthem, together with nn ndo written specially for tlio ocetsion, were most admirably rendered j Miss Boiloy specially distinguishing herself. Tho chsir was taken by bis Excollcnoy tho Govornor. On his right were Brigadier-General Chute, the Very Kev- the" Dean, and llio lions. Meiers Hiunof," Hood; and-DalTy. " On his loft wore his Honor the Chief Justico, tlio Oliiof Seorotary, tlio hons'. Messrs Mitchell and Anderson, the Commander of tho Djambi, and Sir James Palnier. '. l'lio Very Rev. tho Dear said grsco botli before and after tho banquet, which, wo need scarcely add, was done ample justice to. After the cloth liod beon removed, ' His jExCBELENCY rOBO qnd snid : — A few words,' I" know from experience, suffices to en sure for the first toast on tho list on enthusias tic reception, even on tlio most ordinary occa sions; and at a rojal festival like this ncno would bo ncodod. I feel it my duty, however, briefly to connect tlio toast with tho event which wo are mot this day to oommomorato, so far as to remind you of tho doep debt of grati- tudo'whioh tlio British nation owes to tho Qucoh for tho noblo oxamplo she has set to tho lioir-opparont, both in public nnd private life, as well ' M tlio anxious solicitude with which sho has endeavourod to givo hint nn education calculated to ninko him adorn tlio eminent position ho is do3tined one day to fill. (Choirs.) It might Boom as but tho other day that many of us wore joining in) similar rejoicings at tho entrance of Victoria 011 publio lifo— first of all at licr coronation and tlion nt her mnrriago. How .admirably alio has realised all tlio aspira tions that were then formed of her futuro con duct — how admirably sho has fulfilled lier duty pB a'sovcreign and as a wife, needs not to bo told in any assemblage of British subjects. Never. Was" thore a sovereign who more richly deseryod . tlio aifeotion — I noed not say tho re- verence 01 wio pcopio. novor was more a pcop 10 who moro ' thoroughly identifiod thcmselvos with tho inferos Is,. and I may say tlio domestic concerns, "of tho tlirono. (Cheers.) It is this which gives us, wore other reasons wanting, so mdcH and so deep an interest 111 tho event of tho..dny— tho marriage of her son. Wo oil know, gontlomen, that a crushing sorrow liss fallen" onjour Queon. Wliilo even yotin the bloom of wotoaiiliood, a oloutl glooms over her path way, that , renders tho rest of her existenco dreary and dark. And it is thus wo hail ivitli jov an event that eoems likely to cheer and ameliorate her sorrow. May tlio filial piety of tho Ptinco of Wales replaco in Bomo degreo the loss of ono who, while I10 ar rogated to liimsolf no higher titles than thoao of tutor to the "Royal children and private scoritary to tho Queen, was yet, to ueo tlio words of her who know him beBt, tlio over present, watchful, altuitive, and inTaluablo assistant in tlio conduct of all publio business. Lot us pray that thus sup ported by her son, and encouraged by tlio loyal attaolinicnt and deep sympathy of lior people, her Majesty may bo induced to perse vere in tlio path of duty and labor, in whioli, under God's blcsiing, sho has so steadfastly pursued. The toast was drunk with all tho honors. Tune— National Anthem. His ExceiI/ENOY next roso to propose the toast of the evoning. In doing so he said — It was once said in illustration of the vnstnoss of the power of tlio British onipiro that tlio drums and fifes of its soldiers could bo heard from poBt to post around tho ontiro circuit of tho globe ; but a moro striking proof of its real greatness is fifforded to my mind in ibc world Wide rejoicings that nro taking plaoo on account of tlio marriage of tho heir-apparent to tho imperial diadem. Rejoicings, tlio last accounts of which will not bo borne homo from tho antipodes until tlio eartli has run round half of its orbit. Wliatjstrongor ovidenco could bo givon of tlioso tics whioli unite the empire together than tho genuino and spontaneous enthusiasm in which tho peoplo of Victoria havo joined in this auspicious ovont ? They have sliowod that tho ardour of tiieir loyalty cannot bo damped (laughter) oven by any circumstances whatever 1 (elieers), they have done sol without any of those stimulants which tho loyalty of thoir follow oountrymon at home received from the actual proaonoo of tho Prince and Princess, and pomp and pageantry of the Royal procession. Fow of tho peoplo in this colony have Econ their futuro sovereign, nnd fewer still, can ever expect to sco him and his bride, and yet they havo entered heart nnd soul into tlio eeioBration 01 tins ovum, wniuu is of so vast importance to tho British Etnpir.-, for gentlemen of tha British Empire nro net animated, by any more blind exuberanco of loyal feeling on this occasion, tlioy linvo sub stantial" grounds' on tills occasion, tlioy ore takiug on trust tho son of Albert tho just and Victoria the good, and wo lisvo as it wore in thfs: marriage, hostages that tlioy will Irond in tlio virtuous paths of his revered parens- "In regard to tho brido, it would 1 0 onongh'to say on nn oocaBion like tho present, that sho is the truo choice of tlio Prince of Wales, and' that, sho "is in every way worthy of the alliance, nnd I need hardly say that it Bdds to our interest horo that sho is beautiful and accomplished ; and if tho Prince of Wales had chosen to appeal to tho people of England, ho could 'not havo made a choice more complimentary ' than when lie took ono for his brido, who mingles in lior veins tho blood of the two great races from whioli his people havo sprung, and from which is descended tlio present stream of Teutonic and Scandinavian blood. This is not a time for talking about nationalities, but o time for sinking thorn. It is tho timo when wo should join in tho words of tho poet Laureate — Saxpn, or Dane, or Norman, we, Teuton, or Celt or whate'er ho be, lVo aro each all Dane in our woloomo to thee, ' Alexandra. ' Tho toast w&b; drunk with all the honours. Tune, the Danish Anthem. Tlio following ode composed by MrE. Exon, music by Professor Elsnsso", was then sung by members of tlio Philharmonic Socioly (Opening Chorus.) Die world attends to mark a joyous scene. And hear a people of the proudest name, "With solemn joy from heart to heart proclaim, God hath made one our future King uml Queen. e/lccltatwe— Soprano.) Oh. Sovereign of the IVorld draw ntgli I I'or them to Thee, thy children cry. (Air— Soprano). Do thou tliolr guide nnd guardian prove : Dour out for them 111 ceaseless springs, Die blessings ot.n people's love, The favor of the King of Kings. Toliim, with royalty of place, Giveroyalty of soul, that he Msy worthy of his lofty race And of his princely Father he. On licr ns great a boon bestow ; May she as much our lore command. As the good Queen, whose name we know A household word, throughout the land. j ( Quarleti .) l'c.cc— nn unsctting sun, nttend them; Joys at their feet like rivers flow ; All po\vc8 of heavenly good befriend them, And If they'must some sorrow kuow, ' Then, on ".pur most religious" throne May God's own strength, in faith, he shown. (Cone tiding Chorus .) As cliryslal at tile touch of light Imparls Returning brightness so from loyal hearts Now may their bliss in wide retlecllou shine. And in the Nation's joy he understood. The love which England bears the royal line Of Albert and Victoria tho Good. Mr J. B. Webe, us Danish Consul, acknow ledged the compliment. Ilis Kxcei.lf.xoy next proposod tho health of lior Majesty's Allies, coupled with tho namo ofCapt Van Roes, commander of Dntoh vessel of War, Djambi, and in doing so, referred to the maritime diseovorios of tliB Dutch in tlio Southern Seas, nnd their having given to Eng land tho first sovereign who seemed to com prehend tlio form of government suited to tlio feelings of tlio British poople. Captain Van Rek3, in acknowledging tho toast, said : The allusion your Excellency has made to my country does not allow mo to pass the toast unnoticed. Availing myself of this opportunity to tender your Excellency much thanks iu tlio name of my countrymen, I lnve to assure you that wo aro always kappy to meet with Englishmen as friends j and I havo to ronder you thanks for tho kind reception and 1 hospitality wo have mot with in Victorin, and I bog also to acknowledge tho compliment paid to ray country by the exhibition iu the si roots this day of our national 11 :gs. Such occur rences tend greatly In st-englhen tho bon;l3 of Rood feeling that exist between both nation?. 1 feel indeed happy to he oble to explain tlioso feelings 011 a day of festivity bo important for every Englishmen as this is ; and I unl glad to ho ablo to assuro you that the ropro-ontntiros of the Dutoli nation sinocroly join iu tlio con gratulations of tlio British poopio 011 this uuspioiau? occasion. (Oliocrs.) The other toad's were — "Tho Army, Navy, and Volunteers," rcspondod to by Brigadier Genoral Chute, Oapt. Kayo, unl Liout-Colono' Champ (volunteers)) "Tho Parliament ol V iotoria," responded to liy Sir James Palmer aud Mr O'Shfluassy. " Tho Mayor and Cor- poration of Melbourne," responded to by tho Mayor. This brought tho proceedings to a closo, nnd after three ohcors for . his Excollency, the company separated. THE ILLUMINATIONS. Soon after dusk tlio city begun to bo lighted up, but for somo timo tlio full effect of the efforts which had been mado was not brought out, at least as far as tlio illuminations in gas were. concerned. About ten o'clook, howovor, they burst fo til in full lustre, nnd tlio general aspect of the city, especially in tiie principal streets, wns really magnificent. Tho polico arrangements wero admir able, nnd though the strcetB were thronged witli nn immenso multitudo of persons, they wore so well circulated, that perfect order and good torapor prevnilcd. Tho centro of tho carriage way was devoted to vehicles, who wore obliged to proceed nt a footpneo, nnd in single file. Wo did not hear of any accident. nis Excellency passod through tlio streets iu his private carriage during tlio evening. Nearly every house in the city wos illumi- dnted, and ill many ot tlio smaller streotB, and oven in tho rights-of-way, tho windows wore gay with light. Wo givo a description in clotail of nil tho principal illuminations within tlio city. GOVERNMENT BUILDINGS. Tho Thf.asuiiv, in Collins street, wns, of all tlio public bnildinzs, by far the inu-t bril liant in appearance, and the design wns the most complex or any promoted, an.l was. In sonic rrspccts, similar to that adopted atllio Treasury in London. In (he centre of the facade wns a garter, around which w as t lie motto, " Icli Dien," and ia the centrcthc Prince or Wales s feather, above was a large crown. I'hcdesign was reprcicntcd oa n blue ground. The height or the whole was lvrt.Oln., and the breadth aft. The architectural failures of the entire front of the building were outlined out with l-ows or gas jets, which presented a highly ptc- tnrcsnne and brilliant nppearanoe when nil the jets were alight, whloh wns not always tlio ease, and from the elevated position of the building, ttie Illumination was seen from a long distance, nnd was plainly discernible at the further extremity of Collins street. The rAM.itMF.NT llousnS, nt the east end of Dourkc street, were ttie second in order of rotat'on. From tiie unfinished state of tho front building, it was eomcwliat diOtcnlt to show anything particularly brilliant. -The design, which was 011 a blue ground 40 x 37, presented a large crown toft. 3ln., beneath which were 111 . letters A.E.A. (conjoined) 10 feet tn height. This, ns well as the Treasury device, was de signed by Mr Keinp, of theltailwnydcpnrtmcnt, and the fitting was performed byJIrSlnnesbury, orFitz- roy street. 1 lie effect was most imposing, and the large number of jets was quite dazzling. Tito Railway Offices, in bpencer street, nt, the cxtiomc west of Cjlllns Btrcet, presented a large transparency. :u X 0, representing pictures of the roynt, and illustrious couple, around which were painted wrcailra. in which were entwined the names of Albert Edward of England and Alexandra of Denmark. Oil either side were two other smaller transparencies, etch 13 x D, showing the George and Dragon, and the Brunswick star, surmounted by n wreath, with the royal arms of England and Denmark quartered, cncireled by laurel leaves. The dc-'gn wns pretty, nnd exceedingly artistic. At the Railway Terminus In bpencer street, the plnn adopted was novel, and was the work U' the employees. Over the front was a ISrunBivick star, with a plninc, and the letters A.E.A.. all wrought m colored railway lamps, which had been collected for ttie occasion. At tho Goods Station there L was a transparency, representing ttie I'rince of Walesa feathers, and a display in colored lamp3. The University. O11 the gables, a tetters A, 17 root high. In tlio middle of tbc roof n very large Drummond light: nt intervals, coloured signal fire along Hie roof; the building being generally Illumi nated with candles. ., „ , The ottier Government buildings, Lands and Survey office in 1 utrobe street, the Gold offico in Oueon s reel, (lie t'ublio Works office, M lllinin street, were ull omumcutwl with a crown worked in. Sa3j''S' COLLINS STREET. The Melbourne Club. Hlumioution, linos of light along the upper and lower cornicci with 1 rincc or SVnles's plume between. Dr. llerleny. FIhrb. . , . Dr Farrncc. Transparencies upper-Btorcy windows, V. Crown It. Second storey windows, three hexagonal stars. Ground storey, A., Prince of Wales's plume, A. Mr. Wrngge, chemist Hume, illumination, with union Jack over pendant. . ,, . , Baptist Chapel. Illumination, A. L. nnd A., with Drince of Wales's plume between. Mechanics' Institute. Transparency. Trlncs i and Princess under arch, supported by lonlo pillars, surmounted by letters A. A. with British and Danish ensigns, pendant, nnd draped around the pillar-1. Over the ccntro of the arch the Iriuccsa 1,1 Crown Law Offices. AU the windows illuminated Wlteffliril'lliouse. Idninlnated windows and flag Ilhighes, at Eoutli west corner of Collins street and Spring street. Illuminated with candles. Mr. JL benjamin a. lllminuaioa lynuier ii iiiw- rt'iicv, A. E. under, and windows illuminated with "Dr Motherwell's. Illuminated Willi candles, and dciiev\tlr.1'jlorr'ison'3. Illuminated with candles, ''TircaYcVs "buildings, All illuminated with can- dlMrs. Cummins. Beautiful transparency of leather with oval shields of arms of England and Denmark, Motto: "England's Hope and britam's I'rlde; uml id other windows fentlier transparency, sup- porled wltli Cupids, with A. E. and A and motto: l2v Mr"?Ietlicrington's. Illuminated with candles, nnd decorated witli flugs and e rergrecrs. Dr Wilkie's. General illumination ot windows. Mr Sickel's. Beautiful transparency or Prince and Prince. and Archbishop bcto-c tlio altar. Over, "Victoria's blessing on Victoria's son." At tlio upper corners, a malted arm ia defence, with " As you soiv so you reap;" under lower corners, mailed arm in detune?, with Inscriptions, " Ut scracntcm fuels itn et metes," " Wlc die saat so die orndte. Mr Horn's, Domestic Institute. Windows deco rated with illuminated star, transparencies, and In scriptions. "Albert, England's ltopc," over, and "Similis l'atrl," under, nod Alexandra, England a pride " over, and ' Dignus llonore." under. Jlr Sayce, druggist. Feather transparency, eup- nortcDbv Engtl-li and Danish ensigns. Jlr. ij'fiers. Feather and Crown transparency, witli " Our future King nnd Queen," over -, stars nnd medallions, with A. 1". Ieh llien, A L, .. ... . Private residence uoxt U»i. Church. Benuhful fenlher trnnspaiency, with motto "One and All. Other Windows illuminated with candles. Jlr. Edwards, gold smilli. Illumination or ctrclo in star, enclosing E with A on cacti side. Argus office. Illumination, plume with A E nnd A under, with British and Danijh ensign at extreme Mr Lan'gcriiemlst. Ulumhntton, with A Ennd A, with front of promises decorated with ever- crrofms. Mr Damman, tobacconist, corner or Collins street, and Swanston street. Plume with A A on each side at ccwiicr.of building, and at the outer corner of the verandah A A in coloured lamps, tlio pillars of verandah being ornamented with evergreens scat tered with variegated cup lamps, aud English Danish arid Gciman ensigns. Mr German Nicholson. Tnnnspnreney, medallion portraits of the Prince and IMncess, with plume river, and mo to " May they be happy ltoynl Arms under portraits, with V It and E each side a line of lire along the eaves of tlio verandah In Swanston street and Collins street, with flags surmounting tlio bUMrlniWa"ter Powell, nt the opposite corner of Collins street aud Swanston street, illumination, leather nt comer of verandah In s soroU ornament, a lute of lire round the veraudah, with twelve up- rlciit jets with circles of fire. McfidM.lIuIgh brothers, tailors. IlIumtoatKn. plumo witli A. B. and A. under, snnport'd wi it flags, verandah pillars decorated vyir.t evergreens, and Uiltlsh aud Danish ensigns and flags. Mr Hill, chemist. Hexagonal Btnr. Messrs bat holder and O'Neill, fihotogr.iplitlts. Octttironal star with AVA. on cither Hide. Jlossrs- JVatsh "brothers Ilium nation, plnme. witli true lover's knot under, witli A. A. 011 cil.il Bl Messrs. M'Fadsean and Lambert, hairdresser?. Two oval Illuminations, with wax busts of the I rlnco «»,wi Prhiffcq withiu; over, the words u0od blcsa fhent," and under, the English and Danish arms CMl "caraon, shoemaker. Prince's plume, lltumi- "'bank of Victoria.: The now and handsome cdtflos recently erected by the Dank ot Victoria showed n rich design" consisting of Prince of Wales plumo Beren feat high 011 ttie first floor, and at eaolt end ot the hufldhtifU brilliant star witli a series of gas io's extending alosg the entire front of the building, unit iiig cach with .a largo star nine feet in diameter 'Vies rePeray. auctioneers. Oyer entranoe, trins- nnriiicvT Trince of Wales's feather, with moth "Ieh jJlcn," uuilor. On ono side Uii.on . -f-a an 1 LuTh. drapers : Bowen, eticmist ; Klhiutrich Uer, "Dnplnml rt lrjd- illumination, streak tme loraiTknot under, and a transparent star in eaehot thcstitc wlndows. mumtna'ton, Messrs. Sands ?'.??,' ® jccojid storey, a flShfghr"mldab Xraospmvnc);. grMr Galvlu, hatter. Illumination, star, with A.A. CnSVank. corns. -ol ptniteil figure.' eight lines of li|,ui rnoni, r ilrst storey. Ovt',r,f1or?n"t gSen!r!c circles. In foet diameter, witli four iutcrtwlned, with : r.-l.0«S" Tffith dtS "as "splemUd trans- patency, constating of n wreath encircling thcEng- IIaIi and Dnninh eliidda nnd I'.W, plume. Along the pt-dimentd were pendant bauncrcts, tho poles being lightol with jets, London Chartered ltank. Tr uisimcncy of em blematic figures after the decoration of tlio mnrrlago supplement of tiie Illustrated News.1 Bnnk of Australasia: Two medallion portraits, surrounded bywrentha of laurel nnd orange blossom, wit ti four large letters A, surmounted by n curve- lenner line of ilrc, aud a lino ofj firo along the cornices. Mr Gotch, newsagent. Transparency ovnl shield, enclosing Southern Cross, on cither fide Union Jack and Danish ensign; A. A. under; Motto, "A People's love their best inheritance.' Mr Jaincs Lawrence, Lloyd's Agent. A full rigged man of war ut anchor, with ports open rigging lUumtmtcd, Danish stamlnfd at tho main, Aug of admiral of the blue nt the lore, and flag of admiral of the red at the mlzcn, niu) with the words "Alexandra" ahead, nnd "JAlbcrt,"at stem. Mc.Hrj liwylcs and Co. OIHce Uluminution, A and A. Mr F. C. Cunningham. Transpatency, roynl arms, ircssra Ducrdon, Uronckhorst, anl Smulc. Illumi nation, A plume A. witli British dislgn over pon- dunf. lessrs C. «T. Tlo3s and Co. and tYiicrioan Consurs Clumbers. Windows illtimhiaUdJl-gs uttspenrtad. Messrs Campbell, Bros. Traitsmrcucy, plume iu both windows. Messrs Throckmorton and So . Tlhimlnatlon, 1'rlnce of Wales's fealhcr' over tip middle window In variegated lamps. On either pidc evergreen?, interspersed with coloured lumps, stars. Hags, etc., nnd with lull code of signals extliding across the street. I Messrs Clough and Co. Uoral Idtcrs, AE con joined, 14ft high, cn topot' builrli g; third storey, rig-it window, floral crown I2fi, anl left hand floral plume 12ft high. Festoons of lijirel and flowcri along cornice of third storey. Firf storey, n line or light, lit over the high entrance. :ik arch of Arc 21ft In diameter, enclosing A and 'A.with plume over nrch, and a large star (urmounting F.ng.s extending from the windows Messrs. Fitilay and Co.. warcho somen. Illumi nation, a line of light ueros.-j the frout of itsamlini P.. nnil A. fit fN'ii t ri»hni1 nt. extremity, flags suspended over he front of the bttildln?, and a line or lings ncross he street. Messrs. 1), K.Thomson and Co.,ii)h!;I-tcrers, A large transparency, about 10 x lO.aortraiia of tho Trfiice and I'rinccss, with plmni over, nnd sup ported by tiie uriiia of Kuglamtand Denmark; motto underneath, " God bles-t thin, may they be happy on either side of the traiuoarcucy were the British and Danish ens'ens dr.tpeL The front of premises was nUo tastefully dccogtcd with ever greens. Caledonian Society's Booms. Trnaparency, 3rc- dallton portraits of the ITincc aii L'rluce.ss, sur mounted by plume, nnd on cither fde Highlanders in defence, with Gac'ic iuscrintionsj0i;eath,-4,llo« mage to tlm Royal Fair,' and "Will never forsake thee." Under medallions, the royal nns of England with St. Andrew's cross below, ml uml scroll, -> motto, 44 Nemo me impune lnces8it.,, Over the build ing floats the Scottish ling, tliercdion rampant on yellow ground. At about thirty fee above the flag, a hrilltant ?tnr and feather in gas Diminution. Mrs Finlny, milliner. Twobiiliiat stars at each end of sign cornice. Mr Lewis, chemist. Evergreens, and a line of light along cornice. Clarence hotel. At south-cast ccncr of Collins street anl Elizabeth street, a line of Ire along front ofvcrandili. At the comer of vcrndnh, a plume, supported on each ride by A. Th eaves of tho building were decorated with a la'se number of various flags. , Stafford Building?; Along the Eouh-wc.»t corner of CollinH and Elizabeth streets, thiivcrnndah was decorated wHh ferns disposed in fashion of the I'rince ofWiilej'd plume. At' the truer was an illumination A. star A, Various flat surmounted the pillows supporting the verandah.! Colonial Insurance Company's Offlcs. A line of light along tho cornices. Melbourne Gas Company. A splQlid executed large transparency. Royal Arms iu OUrc, on each side shields of British nnd Danish Arm", over ltoyal Arms and acrol', with insertion "Albert Edward Prince of Wales," and whftwcroU imme diately under, with inscription 44 Alexidru." Messrs. Lmgwill and Co., ironmontrs. Illumi nation of feather and scroll of llreiwtth crown under. ' Mr. Stephens, boakeHcr. Tnvhpnrcncy in window, bust portraits of !rince nnd PrlnccfS over 41 Long life and hpplness to England's Pride." On one sldo 44 BrlUtna's Son," nnd on the other "Sea King's Dangler;" under u God savo the Queen." Outside ccntnof building, transparency Prince ot Wnhs'g plumhvlth motto "Ich Dien," 'suppoited by draped llngpJSritish and Danish euaign. The front of the buildig was also decorated with evergreens with varijated cup, Inmrs scattered throughout A floralouquct de coration in centre with A.A. at cachktrcinity of sign cornice. ' Mr Cockburn, confectioner. IUumlndon of star encircling A. A. National Bank. Illumination, Princ of Wales's feather. ' Messrs Wade and Gowan, auctioneers. Illumina tion, scroll of Arc over verandah with .A. at ex tremities, nnd star in centro. Mr M'Coinbe's. Transparency, plum with in scription over— 44 God protect our futurKing and Queen." BOUItKE STREET. 1 Albion hotel. A very ttnc trjn?parccy, repre senting the Royal couple kneeling to'cceive the blessing of Britannia, who is crowninghem with a laurel wrerth. 'Hie patron saints of Kgland and Denmark complete the tableau. Australian hotel (Martin). Tran?pareiy. ' Australia Felix hotel. Chinese laiirna and transparency. Anderson, T. Y., and Co,, drapers, ltlsilf sun and letters "A A." AuRtralian Express Company. Gas jetl Amlersou, .T. E , and Co., grocers. Gasjts, Assembly hotel. Transparency. , Brittah American hotel (Win Kcnnody Trans parencies. Boobicr's hotel. Transparency. : . Bendlgo hotel. The letters ' A A," rlnco of "Wales's plume, nnd 44 V. U." Buckley nnd Nunn, -drapers. Slurs and js, Bennett, T. K., butchers. Transparency Butler's Provis on Store. Transparcnctcl Blguell's Hotel. Largo tranapirenoy repre senting Britannia welcoming the Royal Brb. Bignell, II. butclur. B imant star in gat Buzzard's library. Transparencies, -bowing crowns, plumes, etc. CUy Hotel. (Neat's). Transparency. i Cobb and Co. Transparency. Cohen Bros. Rows of gas jets. City Buffet. 44 A. A. and Prince of iValea'a plume. ' , „ , . 1 Charlwood mid Co., printers. Gas jets. > Cosling, draper. Transparency. ; Clement, confectioner. 44 A A.' ' and piuc, Clcndenuln, watchmaker. Gas jets. Castle Tavern. Transparent arch. i Dnna and Co., ga? fitters. "A. A." nnccrown. Dunkley, boot nnd shoe maker. Stars, et Duko do Victoria Restaurant Traoapareiy. Dalgety and Co. Crown, 44 A. A." and st?, . Espie and Co, clothiers. Scotch tlilstle in as jets. Excelsior llqtel. Transparency, showing icarms of Englumlaiul benmnrk. j Earle, C., optician. Transparency. Ford and. Co.. chemists. Rows of jets nuletters Flateau, bootmaker. Prince of Wales's pbao. Goldebrough and Co. Large stars in gas., Garrlck's Head hotel Large transirency, Britannia welcoming Denmark. , T. Geucli. JL Herman. J. Green, and lelser. Plumes and letters A, A. la transparency, w1i star llummums Hotel Large transparency, the;rince nnd Princess of Wales, supported by Brilanu and Denmark. . „ . tttraU office. The letters "A. nndlume, in ga3 jets. Ilnyriisrket hotel and The»tre. IUumtoatn of coloured lamps Jenkins. J., saddler. Star, lurk's Biz tar. Figure of bullock tn fpis arijets. )Cni-e nnd Co. and Newiog. Trausparencictvitb the I'rlni c's plumo. eto. I J.ec. J. D. Row ot'Jets. ; Levy lir.itliers. Prince's plume nnd "A. A."i Lrc, U., troiimnnger. Trauspareuoy. Mo\vllng. .lioutinuker. Rows of jet Monster Cloihhig Co. Crown, with letters "Al." Oil Itiicil ride. . ..... I - Jtirlln, tamp and oil dealer. Transparency md liriitliuiije lamjis. _ r . ' Morton's hotel. Stars, etc., in Bus. I ffain, JIrs, labour otlioj. Trauspareuoy. M, tares, 0. anil Co;, drapers. Transparency. Newmarket hole). Stars and transparencies, j OM White llart Hotel, Transparently, show; portraits of the Prince unit I'riiiceiS. I'etiv, G iorife, butclier. Star over the. kttcrsV V. A- iu liillliautsps Jot. Vrince of VVates's Uuildings. Transparency, r the letters A. A. aud " Our future King sd rolvteohnlc institute. Slurs, rrlnoo of IVal plume and enier.il illumination. .. l'.utt and Ssuudors. Trau>iiareucy, plouyli, c "'ltoyal'Georgo hotel. Clitncso lanteres. Reform hotel. I'rince of Wales's plume- 1 Itotro nnd Batlley. Star. Rogers anl Co. Transparency. Royal hotel and Tlicatrc. Large trnnsparcncj flanked hv brilliant stars in.gas. | ltoyal jfnll Hotel. Letters A. A„ and plume au gas. with colored lamps round the verandah. I ltay G. tobacconist. Jets and circles of gas. Royal Charter hotel. Varicented lamps. 1 ur I'ntrink's llall. Hiiro of Erin over the lottor Stanford and Co. Magnificent star in gas. Saunders und Co. Prince or J\'ales's|plumo, li e"sullivnn's hotel. Transparencies. | Solder's Exhibition. Transparency. Stevenson and Co. Gas jets. j Taylor and Cowell. Transparency. Union hotel. Vurlegated lamps. Victoria hotel. Transparency. Wlieeloek nud Stevens. Transparenoy. "Wccdon, II. Transparency. Wnrd, It. GaS jets. Wbtltington tavern. Row of gas jets. ' ELIEARETII STREET. B B. "Nicholson and Co. Brunswick star. W. P.i White nnd Co. Transparenoy, Royal Arms , aurmonhtcd by the letters A. E. A. and Prince of Wales's feather. . Duke of llothsay hotel. Star, nnd beneath the 'e'Srii »nil Stewart's buildings, jets orgas extend ing the whole l-ngtli of the build ngs, embracing the ollices Of Jlessrs. Drown and Stewart, De Puss Brothers and Co., the Universal Jl irinu Tiisuranee Company, Hymn and Co, and Younghusbaud and Youngliusband an! Co. V. A. A. It. Universal Marino Insurance Company. Illumi nated llai) of Australia, and devices in glass and gas. Lazarus Brothers, Transparency, Priuso of Wales's feat iter, with the letters A. A. ,). Iteld. Transparency, A. A. Colonial limit. Over the entrance. Royal Arms, surmount eel by Prince of Wutes's feather. Elizabet h street front : A.E., E. A., jets ofgas nrounl each win dow In Elizabeth and Little Collins streets. Walter Draper. The letters E. A., with star in tho CCj!.'ciure, Valentine, and Co. Trinco of Wales's feather, with A. on encli side: I Jficbnells, Boyd, end Co. Prince of Wales' feather, with the letter A. on cither aide. I Fnnning, Naakivell, and Co. Brunswick star, witli A. to the right nud A. K. to ttie left. Liverpool and London Fire and Life Assurance Office. Star, with large A. on each side, English, Scottish, nnd Australian Cilartcred Bank. Large crown, with A. side, and sculled line of fire surmounted by Prince of Wales's fentlier. | II. Brooks and Co. Bi unswick star, with A. on right nnd A. E. on left London tavern. Prince ol Wales's feather, A. A. G. "Robert-on, bookseller. Three large stirs abovo Prince of Wales's feather : beneath tlio letters A, A. surmounted by a coronet of stars ; altogether, a mrst elegant ilisign. .1 M'Ewnn and Co. Transparency representing lhll length portraits of Prince and Princess of Wales, surrounded by cupids b aing Prince of Wales's plumes, with the motto " England's Hone: Den mark's I'rlde"; illuminations Roso of Denmark with scarlet centre-piece: above this. Prince of Wa'es's feather. In windows transparencies repre senting British Arms, City of Jfelbourno Arras, and a badge with motto " Advance Rireriua," nnd a transparency representing the Suuthcra Cross with motto "Crux Anstrata spes mundl." T. Jackson. Tlio letters U A E. on cither sldo a Brunswick Star, all surmounted by a Prince of Wales's plnme. ,T. Clark. Prince of Wales's feather. (. Petty. Star. r. JIuctlcr and Co. Transparency, Princo of Wales's feather, will: letters A. A. Age office. Transparency, Princo nnd Princess, being crossed by cmtlemntic figure. ,T. Jt'Donncll. Star will: A. on each side. Spanish Hotel. 'Tr.in- pareucv star. Williams' Dining Rooms. Transparency, Prince of "Wales' (cither with totters A. A. and motto. Watts. TraiiHpnrcucy, Prince and Princess. Post-office Dining Rooms. Star with A. at cither 8i(lc ; beneath, transparency of the Prince's plume. JL T. Garcn. Transpnr ncy, Princo of Wales' feailier, with words Albert Edward, Alexandra. lost.oflice hotel. Prince of Wutes's plume, sur rounded witli flowers. — Lyons. Transparency of English flags, with letters A. jicc'jiuii ijruiuura- itmvuut >» jiufi iir.iuici, Hockin's hotel. Transparencies, Prince of Wales plume, with crown. A. Keens. Transparency, Prince of Wales plume. W. Gray. Transparency, Prince of Wales feather, with A. at either side. J. O. Pierce. Coat of arms and Princo of Wales feather, with A. at each side. Bush Inn. Transparency, plume. G. M. Mowllng. Prince of Wales feather. J. Dudgeon. Transparency, Prince of Wales plnme and star. J. "Sewell. Transparency, plume, with letters A.K.A. Carrier's Arms hotel. Gas jets. T. Loader and Co. Transparency, Prince of Wales plume, with letters E.A. T. W. Home. Rising sun., nnd transparenoy of Danish and English flags. Schuhkrnfft nnd Howell. Transparency, Prince of Wales's feather, surrounded by the letters A A. Rose, Thistle, nnd Shamrock hotel. Transpa rency, Prince of Wales's plume, with A at each side. .T. L. Irving. Transparency, Prince of Wules'a feather, with motto. Yorke,. Brothers. Transparency, Trinco and Princes. St. Francis Church. Plain large cross, J, Adams. Transparency, Prince of Wales's feather. AY. Clarke and Sons. Transparency, 41 Albert and Alexandra." G.Cnrnaby. Variegated lamps, A. Shaw. Gas jets. S. nnd S Lazarus. Transparency, Prince , of Wales's feather, with letters A A. Imperial Insurance Company. Transparency, Royal arms, with motto. SWANSTON STREET. Powell nnd Co. Line of jele, In centre, a st.ir, Mann, Freemason's hotel The initials A. A., nnd a line of jets. Connell, wholesale grocer. Transparency repre senting the plumo. nnd the letters A. A. Walker, wh'desolegroeir. Transparency, a plume. Champion, Queen's Arms. A. A. and plume in gas jet?. Izod, grocer. Transp.vencics representing En glish arms with motto, 44 God bless our Queen;4 and Danish arms with motto, " God protect the Royal Pair." Hciuccke, tobacconist. Transparency and lino of Jets. Ford and Co, chemists. A. A., star, and line of jets. Browne, Exchange hotel Line of jets. Hymn, fancy s desmnn. Line of jets. Mould, bootmaker. Do. Burrage and Hart, fancy repository. Do. Smith. Do. Busliell, K .yal Oak hotel Line of jets. Davies, clothier. Lino of jets. Callaghan and Swan, grocers. Line of jets. Mont do Picte. Line of jets. Guest nnd Co, biscuit bakers. Line of jets. Hosburgh, bootmaker. Line of jefs. Lyons und Son, wine merchant Lino of jets; Izard, fancy warehouse. Line of jets. Jennings, teadealer, Line or jets. Illooinlngton, bootmaker. Lino of jets. Schukrafft, stationer. Lino of jets. Sanders and Co, clothiers. Line of jets. Watson nnd Sons, warehousemen. A; A, star, and line of Jets. Walters und Co, grocers. Transparencies. Chapman, music soller. Tranipareneles repre senting A. A. and plume. Currie and Smith, grocers. Transparencies and a xineuijuia. Youlden, butcher. Star and transparencies re presenting a plume nnd A. A. C&Uaghun;, clothier. Line of jets. lck, restaurant keeper. Transparency representing a plumo witli motto. 44 God bless the Roynl Pair.'' Dancker, Globe hotel. Transparency, representing exceedingly well executed portraits of the Royal pair, surmounted by a Crown and plume. Byrne, oil and lump seller. A circle of kerosene lamps. 1 The Town-hall, in Swanston street, attracted particular attention, and here there was nmoat gorgeous display, which did infinite credit to the civio authorities, and to the originator ot the device. The building, standing back from the street, showed the illumination to better advautagc, and allowed tho people a better opportunity of apprcciatiug the d-sivn. - In the centre of tho facade was the Prince of Wales's feathers, sixteen feet in height, with the motto, 41 Ich Dien." beneath, and on cither side tho initial letters, A. E., and nine feet high, along the top parapet, "God Save the Queen" was inscribed In large nnd flaming letters, aud abovo that again, nnu on the centre of the building, a large crown stood boldly forth. The pil.-sters on either side, extending from the highest story to the ground, were outlined iu gas jets. The whole design pre sented a most handsome and very brilliant ap pearance, and of all tho buildings this was greatly admired. . . M'Lem, wholesale grorcr. Two transparencies, representing the plume and A. A, Webster and Co, wholesale grocers. Transparen cies representing the plume and A. A. St Paul's Schools. Transparency representing tho plume. Marshall, houso decorator. Transparency repre senting A. A. and the plume. Mackic, music seller. Transparency representing the plume. Forsyth, lutcher. Transparency representing A. A. and the plume. ' Bushell, Koyal Oak hotel. Transparency repre senting portraits of the Royal pair in the midst of the Australian Arms, with the motto, "Tribute of ituairuiia b iuvu. Heard, fishmonger. A display of coloured lamps. Goldberg and Co, tobacconists. A display of coloured lamps. Nealo, Railway hotel. Large transparency of Oddfellows' arms. Lucas, confectioner. Transparency, representing A. A. Alwinklc, draper. Two transparencies, represent ing the plume nnd A. A Hill, ironmonger. Transparency, representing the plume and A. A. Cohen, china warehouse. A display of kerosene lamps. Tower, European hotel. Transparency, represent ing the plume and A A. Walker, Britannia hotel. A star. Cooper, Rainbow hotel. Transparency repre senting the Crown on a cushion, and the plume with ihc motto "Glory await Albert Edward and Alexandra." I'ope, Star hold Transparency representing the plnme in a wreath of flowcri?. Oolltngwood Gas Company's Offices, lately the Bank of Viotoria. A. E., a truo lover's kuot, AC. and the plume. M'Ewun and Co., grocers. Transparency repre senting plums nnd A. A. Savill and Marshall, Cricketers Arms. Transpa rency representing portraits of the Roynl Pair. Jenkin s hotel. Transparency representing por traits of tiie Royal Pair. lloguii, Bridge hotel. A A. and a crown in gas 3t8' FLINDERS STREET ami LANE. Beckx and Co. Stars, etc. Dickson, Williams, and Co. Display of lights Fulton and Co. Prince of Wales's plume and star. Francis Bros. Transparency. Great Britain hotd. several Btara in gas. llnrcourt, R. Stars, etc, Lomond, W. II. The letters A, A, and large stars, in gas. M'Naughton and Love. Slats and jets. Oswald and Inelta. Display of lights. Peninsular nnu Oriental bteum navigation Com pany. Star., etc. Queen Insurance Company, Display of lights. Siebcl E. F., nnd Company. Transparency. Savings Bank. Large slurs and gns jots. Sargood, King, and Sargood. Princo of Wales's plume, the letters A. E. A, and uino large stars in gas. ! Sir Charles Hotham hotel. The letters A. A , and crown, 1 Yarra hotel Gas jets. The Railway Stations in Flinders street wcrcvery :aily decorate i with ll-igs aud evergreens, festoons f flowers being hung ncross the buildings. The St. Lilda and Ilobson's Bay Railway station was bril- antty illuminated iu tho cveniug at tho end facing Tizaoeth street. The device consisted of a Crown id plume, witli the letters A. A. on each side, Id flanked with Btara, and underneath were the brds " God bless them." At the west end of tiie htform there was a floral Crown very tastefully strucloJ. The Emerald ITfll. S.uulridgc, and Si lVla stations were nltm liumDomely decorated, but nns could be ubiumed for hlmnimtion. tie mkml-.nnine AS1> suhvuran 1111. way Cpany displayed n very g,»oi dcrign. Tlio l.-trs A A. appeared heue.iHi a crown and stars, h Ung sun furmoitnlmg th whole device. 'Ute effft of tiie Illumination wa c msfdorably lieijiened by a line of gas Jots which occupied the whfc length of the building. The Interior of the statn wus tastefully decorated with bauners, evwksoas, and flowers, and hun with lamps. Mfamtflij Hotel. Srar in gas. LUevnuson and Co. A brilliant star la gas, wlthlic IctUr A. on each side. Arto Tna. Letters A. A. and plume. Thiklups moored at the several wharfs, were gaily l»sec.l witli bunting. At nn early hour in the luorniV, the Black tfwau, Tasmania, aud Gothen burg, resented u very attractive appearance. At ii00J«i X gun? were Ji;wl from the Royal Shepherd, the Gothenburg firing tw\ At diitk the Gothen burg and Tasmania illuminated their spars and cordage, and shortly afterwords six splendid rockets were discharged from the Royal Sucphcrd. < « LONSDALE STREET. ' Tankard's Hotel. Transparency Brunswick star ; Trincc of Wales' plume with letters A. A. Law Brothers. Prince of Wales' feather with A at each side. Staffordshire Restaurant. Prince of Wales' plume witli letters A. A. Carpentaria Hotel, Jets of gas. At Messrs Stevenson nnd JOIIlotl'e, the coach builders, at the corner of Kingand Lonsdale streets, there wns a transpironcy representing me 'nlllon likenesses of the Prince and Princess, with the crown over nnd above a motto, 44 Victoria showers her blessings on you." On a second transparency of a similar description was thcScotch motto— 44 May bairns' bnirns kindly cuddle their auld grey hairs." At the Olympic hotel there was a large transpa rency, eight feet high, consisting of a .plume with the inotto, the whole encircled with /a wreath? around the building were ranged a large number of Chinese lanterns, which presented a pretty mid , tasteful appearance. QUEEN STREET. I Oriental Bank. A brilliant illumination, in which I the architectural lines were shown «ut Willi lows of gas jets, entwined around the pllhrs, mouldings, I and cups. On the facade were six stars, each three feat in height, and round the entire building was a row of light. „ , Victoria Sugar Company. Transparency, 20 feet square, representing hkenefsts of tho Prince and Princess of Wales, with plume and motto. Clevc Brothers. Rising sun in gas, with rays of jets. A Woollcy, Nephew, and Co. Crown in centre, with letters A nail A on either side. Pacific Firo Insurance OJlue. Globe In gas, three feet in height. Wilson, Buchanan, and Co. Plume, with Danish cross hnd letters A nnd A. Glbb», Ronald and Co. Several large stars fn gas, witli the Prince' s plume, aud the letters A.E. and AC. MISCELLANEOUS. .T f!. M'NmIIv. Itaurke afreet. Rlsini? sun. Miller Brothers, Russell street English dntay, and transparency of the Roynl arms, with Crown and Prince of Wales feather. ,T. Turton, Russell street, C-esccnt. R. Towns and Co, William street. Large star. Model School. Spring Btrcet. A brilliant device, consisting of u large plume, with the letters A. A. In gas jets. Mr Myers, Brunswick street, Fitaroy. Initials, AE.A.C., Prince of Wale' plume and rising sun, iu gss jets, nnd fine display of flags M4Culloch, Sellar, aud Co displayed several mag- niflccot stars In gas, witli the Prinos's plume in the centre. Iu Little Collins street, the followingwcrcthemost noticeable among tiie illuminations : — W M Bell, and Co. The letter A on each side of a Prince of Wales's plume, in gas, flanked with gas jets. Millar nnd Johnston, nnd W n Furr&r; nnd Co. Prince of Wales plume" with the letters A A iu gas. M'Cracken anil Co. Similar device, also gas. Derwcnt aud Tatnar Fire and Murine Insurance Co. Gas jets. Joske Bros. Star, in gas. Little Collins strklt displayed n goodly num ber of flag#, and the illuminations, though not so brilliant os in some other !ocalirie», were numerous , and some few effective?. The Protottant Ilal1, at the corner of Stephen street, exhibited a zinc trans- J>arcncy of the arms of England nnd Denmark, and oyal mottoes, the orange colour, of course. prepon derating. Above was n transparency of William the Third, of illustrious memory. Little Boukke street was, throughout the day, by no means the least cxciteible portion of the metropolis. The display of bunting was liberal, and illuminations more or less pretentious were pretty numcroui. The Celestials arc decidedly entitled to the credit of an enthnslnstic vindication of their loyalty to the throne of Queen Victoria. From an early hour in the morning till far into the evening tlioy keptun amosttrcmendous disclmrgcofcruckerH, the noise of which was audible at a considerable dis tance. Their club or court house, and the offices and houses of their principal men, were prettily illuminated with lamps ami other lights, nnd their efforts altogether, entitle them to favourable mention in the report of the days' proceedings. The various Government Buildings with the exception of the Treasury, tho Parliament hou.'ca, and the Post-office were illuminated with large crowns of gns. The Post-office bore alcft a very large nnd handsome transparency of the Prince and Princess. The Melbourne tinving Bank hud a crown and two stars. No less than 30,000 jets of gas were burning in the Parliament houses and the 'treasury, OUR BENEVOLENT INSTITUTIONS. , The Inmntc3 of the Benevolent Asylum were treated to a sumptuous entertainment fn the largo dining-boll of the institution, which was profusely decorated with cvercreens, and appropriate dovices in flowers Upwards of 350 persons sat down to the repast, which consisted of roa3t beef, fowls, etc., and plum pudding. There whs aho a liberal al'ow- nnccofnle nud porter, nnd rlso wines, the whole banquet bein? furnished by public omtributioos. The entertainment appeiml to be thoroughly cn- oyedby all, and the event will long be remembered >y the Inmates of the institution. The entrance to the asylum, it is worth mentioning, was prettily arched over with evergreens and flowers. Tiie Orphan Asylum. The children of the various charitable institutions wcro liberally provided for. At the Emerald Hilt Orphan Asylum, the children were regaled with a break fast of buns, pres.nted by Mr Bensjn, then dinner, which consisted of beef aud plum pudding, beinir nrovided bv the liberality of Mr. A llann. butcher. A ea<c of jams prescntod by Mr. Ford- ham, was also done full j stlcc to. Somo thirty of the boys joined the procession during the day, but the greater portion remained at home, nnd cngaccd In a variety of sports. In the evening u eooa dis play of fireworks took place, to the infinite delight of tho juveniles, the material being the gift of Hong Mccg. The children ot the St. Vincent do Paul's Orphauagc were similarly entertained, their dinner being also provided by Mr. A. Uann, Messrs Patterson, Ray, nnd Palmer contributing L5 toward the entertainment THE SUBURBS. FITZROY. In spitu of tho rain, which continuod to fall throughout tho whole day, tho poopio of Fitz- roy kept high holiday yesterday. Scarcely a houso or shop in the municipality was to bo scon without decorations of somo kiud, and many of tho odificcs wore perfoot bowers of evergreens and flowers. AU places of business wcro religiously closed, and ovoryono appeared determined to display their loyalty," notwith standing the obstacles presented by tho bad weather. Tho juvonilo population, entered into tho spirit of tho affair with characteristic ardour, and tho amount of firoworks discharged during tho day was something prodigious. A procession of school children and pub lic bodies, cto., had been contemplated as ono of tha prominont features of the day's proceedings, but in consequonco of the in clemency of tho weather, this idea was aban doned, and tho programme as originally framed was considerably modified. At an early hour in tho day, tho Volunteer rifle companies of tho Town-hall. Having been paraded, they marched through tho principal streets, and returned to tho hall, when they fired a feu do joie, and gavo three cheers for the Prince and Princes?. At about ten o'clook, tho children attending the various publio schools began to assemble for tho purposo of taking part in the procession which had boon contemplated, but aB this portion of the proceedings was not carriod out, they adjourned to tho National schoolroom closo by, in order to practice tho songs which it was arranged they should sing at tho feast in (ho market place. This enter tainment lrad boen provided by tho Municipal Council, and tho market sheds had been bearded over and roofed in for tho occasion, tho whole being handsomely decorated with erorgreons, and ndornod with (lags and ban- ucrs. Tho entertainment which had been provided by tho liberality of tho Council, con- eisted of tea, cakes, plum puddings, eand- wiohos, etc., served upon tables eroctcd for tho purposo. The children numbered over 2000, but the resources of tho Council woro quito equal to tho occasion, nnd all wero well seated aud provided for ; and from tha satisfaction which was expressed on all the juvenile coun tenances, the entertainment must havo bcon a very excellent one. The feast having boon concludod, tho children snug nn adaptation of the "Nutional Anthem," written by Mr New man Hall, L.L.D., and appropriate to the oc casion. Tho singing was conducted by Mr'W. Bonwick, recently nn instructor of vocal music to i no national Daara or I'.aucanon, who was as usual entirely successful ; for not withstanding the immense number of voices and tho largo spaco through which they wero distributed, perfect time and harmony were maintained. Tho grand strains of tho " Notional Anthem" proceeding from so many voices and in perfect concert, produced a very striking affect, and added to the feelings of enthu siasm which had already teeu excited. Tho singing was followed by three hearty olieors for tho Princo and Princess, which woro joined in by all present. Cheers wore afterwards given for tho Coun cil aud Mr Bonwick, and the National Anthem having been sung with increased onthueiasm, the children, after listening to a short address from Mr Langton, dispersed. In uddition to the" children's treat, it had been intended to distriauio roast beef and rilum pudding to tlio poor of tho distriot j but the rain also prevented this project from being carried into effect, A plentiful supply of pro visions and beor had been providod, whioli will probably bo distributed to-day. Croat preparations woro mado for tho public ball, which took piaco in tho evoniug with every success. Upwards of 3000 tickots wcro issuod, and although tho number of visitors did not correspond with tho invitations, tho ball was an unqualified success. Tlio building which had beon used for the children's treat during the day formed tho ball room, and servedthe purpose ad mirably. Tho interior was gaily decorated, and tho outsido brilliantly illuminated with gas — a Piinco of Wales's plume being displayed over the entrance ; whilo the outside of tho build ing was completely encircled by rowa of gns jots. A beautiful transparency, showing the letters " A.E. A." witli crown and plumo, appeared over the ontranco of tho Town-hall, which was also illuminated with circles of gas jots. Tho houses and shops wore generally illuminated, but tlio designs, for tlio most part, wcro of an ordinary character. In the ovon- ing, there was a very successful display of fireworks, which afforded amusement to a largo number of apectatora. Great credit is duo to tho gentlemen forming tho committco for tho excellent manner in which tiie arrangements were carried out, and material assistance was afforded by Messrs Gilchrist and Maconocliio, tho lion secretaries. Tlio committee comprised tho following : — Chairman and membors of Municipal Counoil of Eitzroy ; G Berry, M.B.A. j John Edwards, M.Ii.A. ; C. J. Don, M.L.A. ; Ambroso Kyte, M.E.A. ; James Princo, J.P. j Dr Tracy, ,T P. ; G. B. llailes, J.P.j Dr Crooke, Dr Embling ; Messrs. Eaag- ton, Kidney, Woods, Were, Randcll, Ross, Eergio, Mulready, Rushall, M'Grcgor, J W Wood, and Scotolimoro. Most of tho houses woro illuminated with gas jets, transparencies, kcroseno or candles, and amongst others may bo mentioned tho resideneo of Dr Tracy, Brunswick street, which was illuminated by the lottcrs A. A. and a plume iu gas jets ; Mr Bowdcn, Brunswick street, beautifully decprnted with flowers, photographic artist, Gertrude Btrcet ; Mr Levesley, Gertrude street. COLLING JVOOD. Tlio inhabitants of this district woro evi dently determined not to allow their manifes tations of loyalty to bo oxoeoded by any of licr Majesty's aubjocts, Tho sides of tlio priocipal strcots wcro convcrtod into ono mass of overgroens, flowers, and doeorations, and numerous triumphal arches spanned tho thoroughfares at various points. Ons of tho most attractive was that which crossed Smith street at tho corner of David Btrcet, and another vory handsome one was erected opposite tha Royal Goorgo hotel. There woro arches also in Peel strcot, oppesito tho Grace Darling hotel, and in Hoddlc street, near Grimwood's hotel ; nnd Wellington street boasted of no less than four of those structures. Early in the morning a procession consisting of volunteers, odd fellows, foresters, members of Council, and citizens, aecom panicd by tlio rifle band and firo brigade, was tormod in Johnston street, near tlio Court house, which marched t'nrougii tho principal streets of tho town and joining the Melbourno procession, proceeded to tho rcsorva to take part in tho proceedings there. No arrangements woro made for a publio en tertainment of children, but iu place of this, the Counoil voted a sum of money for tlio purchase of provisions, which wcro freely dis tributed to tho pcopio at various parts of tho streets. Beer was furnished by the liberality of Messrs. Aitkcn, Vaughan and Wild, and others, and was servod out witli a liboral hand. Several bullocks woro roosted wholo, and dis tributed with bread to tho populace. Mr Mann, butcher, providod ono opposito tho Eureka hotel, another, roasted at tho North Richmond hotel, being tho gift of Mr Shcllnrd. A Bimilar feast was also providod nt the Royal Goorgo hotel. Amongst tho illuminations, which wero very general in tho evening, those displayed nt tho Charing Cross hotel attracted bouic attention, the lottcrs A.A. enclosing a Princo of Wales's plume. The Builders Arms and Coach and Horses hotels both displayed tho Prince's plume. Tlio festivities, which included fireworks in tho evening, were terminated by a grand ball at the Stualoy Arms hotel. ST, KILDA. According to urrangoinent, tho children of this beautiful and aristocratic marine muni cipality assembled in their respective sohools in tho morning, nnd proceeded to tho Town- lioll. There were, altogether, upwards of a thousand present. Mr Bunny, Choirman of the municipality, occupied tho platform : seve- ral members of the Municipal Council, and Messrs Moir, Soddon, and Bickford, etc., wero also present on tho platform. When tho wholo had assembled, tlio ontortainmont previously arranged was inaugurated by tho National Anthem, porformcil by a splendid brass band, specially engaged from Geolong. Appro priate addresses wcro then delivered by Mr Bunny nnd otlior gentlemen, and as tho original arrangements for a procession could not bo carried out, owing to the inclemency of the weather, tho forenoon was spent in musical entertainments, addresses, etc. About twelve, refreshments woro distributed to tho children, and at about one, tho meeting broke up. As tho children left the building, they woro each supplied with a packet of fireworks, which were apparently too hot for tbom to keop possession of longer than a light could bo ob tained, and consequently for about a couplo of hours, in tlio vicinity of the Municipal Cham bers, there was a perpetual feu-de-joie. In tho evening, the procession, as per pro gramme, under the ablo management of Coun. lor Tullett was a great success, punctuality was tho order of tlio evening, and exactly at 530, tho procession composed of large num bers of tho. various bodies of Masons, Oddfel lows, and Foresters, Municipal Council, headed by their excellent chairman, F. Bunny, Esq., St. Kilda Rifle Company, and tho publio gone- rally, started for Point Ormond, when, after a suitable address from Mr Bunny, the immenso pile of firewood, constructed under tho super vision of Mr Sydney Snivih. was set alight. Tho necessary honours to tho Queen, Prince and Princess of Wales wcro duly obeorved, and the march resumed to St. Kilda whoro a bonfire of moro humble pretensions in front of tho Town-hall was ig nited. From a want of suffioicnt pressuro of gas some of thebestportionsof tho Court-house illu minations showed no sign. Amongst the most noticeabio illumination und decorations that of tho bon Mnthew Hervoy was the most con spicuous— tho entrance gate to his residence, Charnwotd was arched in the uiost tasteful inannor with flowers of the rarest kinds, sar- mountod by jets of gas in the shape of Pi inco of Wales feathers. Clmrnwood iiself, from haseincntto turret was one blnze of light, and from the commanding situation the effect was truly grand. Mr John Mackenzie's decorations were of a plainer but mora classical character, A plain row of gsB jets contained the words Wales, Epithalamintn, Denmark ; the middlo' word beir g a sad; puzz'o to many even of our most honored legal-authorities as to its mean ing. The residence of the llou W. Nicholson wus yery handsome, and_.aon>isted of the crown flanked by flags, and embracing tho initials E.A.A.' The different terraces were handsomely illuminatod, and perhaps the mast ohaete and deserving of notico in all' St. Kilda was the liousojof Mr Buckloy, of tho firm of Buckley and Nunn. HOTIIAJI. The municipality of Hotham was certainly loyalty of the, 'burgesses. The inhabitants aoted in concert .with, tha Municipal Council iu all tho arrangements, nnd, nothing daunted by the unpropitiou weather of yesterday morning, turnod out in force to celebrate tho Royal Marriage. About cloven o'clock, tho principal inhabitants of tho district partook of a chain- pagne lunch, provided in the Town-hall, by F. T. Goll, Esq., chairman of the municipality. The healths of the Queen, the Princo of Wales, tho Princess Alexundra, and tho memory of tho late Prinoo Consort, were proposod in suitable spcochcs and druuk with tho honors. Shortly afterwards a procession was formed at tho junction of Lsveson and Queensberry streets, comprising the Council, tlio Foresters, tho Manchester Unity nnd Ancient Order of Oddfellows, the Druids, tho Reohabites, and tho children of the various schools in the district. On tho procession starting, it was greeted by a feu-de- joie fired by tlio Hot ham com pany of tho B.V.V. Artillery Regiment, under tiho command. of Sergoant Armstrong, It had beon originally intended to proceed to the Roynl Parkj and onjoy nil al fresco enteriaiu- meut, but tha heavy rain cuused tlita de sign to ho abandoned. The routo taken by tho procession was along Quosns- berry, Ourzon, Victoria, Howard, and Blackwood streets, tho Floiuington road, ATi!liers, Courtney, nnd Chetwynd streets. Ill most of these streots triumphal arohes of flags were erected, and opposito tho Town-hall there was an arch of. green branches. At the < orderly rooms of tho Rifle Artillery Companies, i in Ohotwynd Btroet, the procession haltod, and >. whilo tho grown-up poople partook of luncheon prepared in the room, tlio chtldron ropaired to tho Town-hall, whore they wore regaled with buns, sweetmeats, and fruit ad libitum. The Municipal Council had voted L100 towards the expeneos. of tho fete, and this sum > wos supplemented by the liberality of tho i inhabitants to tho following oxtont : — 2) tons meat, 20001b bread, 1 bag of flour made into puddinge, 7 hhds ale, 1500 buns, 2 ewt > lollies. We era informed that it is intended to hand ovor to the Benevolent Asylum a bullock and 700 loaves of bread, which remain uncon> sumod. Luncheon over, dancing was com menced in tho orderly-room, and continued witli spirit till tho oveuing, when tho illumina tions in Melbourne nttractod oil thither. Shortly after seven o'clook the Hotham Rifles paraded under tho command of Captain Irving, and fired a fou-do-joio ; a Hugo bon firo was lighted on tho hill overlooking iflemington, and the streets re-cchood with tha noiso of squibs and fireworks. On tho whole, tho committee who had chargoof tho arrangements for Hotham, may congratulate themselves on tlio suecoss which attendod their efforts to rendorthe display worthy of tho occasion. No preparations wore made for any grand designs iu tlio way of illu minations, the inhabitants generally contenting thomeclves with lighting the windows with candloB. At tho Town-hall, however, a trans parency was erected 14 feet by 12, representing thn PririflA nf Wnlni'i fpitthop tvit.li iKa mnfln " Ich Dion j" in tho centro tho coat of arms of tho Municipality, with cupids at tho sides, and surmounting all, tho words "Albort," "Alexandra." The orderly-room of tho rifles was decorated witli a etar, mado of bayonets, and with transparencies of Princo of Wales's plumes. Tho Artillery orderly-room adjoiuing, was illuminated in a somewhat similar manner ; Mr Barnes, star ; the Lallah Rookli hotel, jets of gas; transparencies in some of the shops andhotels, and the Errol street National schools. The cost of tho illumination of tho latter, was, wo aro informed, borne by tho children. Tho resideneo of Mr Davics, M.L.A., bad the following design : — Princojof Wales's plumo with A on cithor sido, and tho inotto " Ich Dien" ; surmounted by the sentiment " Hir bos a Dodwyddwch ir Fy wyaorg oo i Dywysogo Cymru."' For tho benefit of those who are not Welshmen this may bo translated as " Long lifo and happiness to tho Prince and Princess of Wales." CARLTON. Tho extensive distriot ot Carlton being under tho civic management of tho Corporation of Melbourne, and having no local governing body, no combined exertions wore made for the rejoicings, but each man did what was right in his own eyes. At several of tha liotols bul locks woro roasted whole, and beer served out to all comers. A triumphal arch was orocted ncross Leicester Btrcot, opposite Mr Ratnsden's flour mills. In the evening most of tho houses wero illuminated, but with few oxoeptions there were no devices. Messrs Aitken, millers, dis played n transparency of tho Prince of Walea' feather, with mstto; underneath, a kangaroo. Mr Ramsden, Prince of Wales' Plumo (trans parency). F. and C. Cornell, etar and a trans parency of tho Prince and Princess. Royal hotel, star. Bonfires wero lit, one opposite tho Artillery Hotel, Elizabotli street, and an other near tho Carlton orderly-room, in Lygon street. EMERALD niLL. Tho inhabitants of Emerald Hill wero very enthusiastic, yesterday, in their demonstrations of loyalty and joy. Nearly overy houso was decorated with overgroens and flags — some in a very tasteful manner — and overy hero and thoro rows of flags were hung ncross tho streots. The centre of attraction was Clarendon streot, which, in spite of tho in- clemoncy of tho weathor, presented an extremely gay appearance. At tho inter section of Coventry street with Clarendou street, a vory pretty triumphal arch of over groens and flowers, ornamented with flags, spanned the street. In tho middlo of the day, a bullock, divors sheep and pigs, vuu guiB ui Buvuitu uuiciiurBy wore ruuatcu uu the reserve between Clarendon and Moray streets, and, wonderful to relate, tho skill of tho cooks was such that the incut instead of being half raw, as is usually the case, was ex ceedingly palatable. Tho bullock, after being cookod, was carried in procession, nnd at about two o'clock, in tho prescneo of about five hun dred persons, was cut up, at a public dinner, for which bread had been given by tho bakers, nnd beer by Mr Martin, A number pf rqrol sports had been announced lo take place on tho reBorvo opposite tho Catholic Orphan Asylum, but, in consequonco of tho rain, wero postponed until the approach ing anniversary of the Queen's birth day. At four o'clock in the afternoon a royal salute woe fired by a dotachment of the Emerald Hill battery of the Volunteer Artil lery, under the command of Sergt. Nimmo. A littlo before dusk four largo bonfires were lit round the township, and in the evening n largo number of fireworks wore lot off. At night, tho streots wero illuminated in a very creditable manner, transparencies, representing portraito of the Royal pair, and appropriately loyal mot toes, were observable in every direction, and, in a fow instances, tho effect was heightened by designs in gas. Those who couid afford nouo of tha above means of illuminating, Ut up their windows with candles, rather than bo behind their neighbours in mani festations of loyalty. The Mechanics? Institute and tbe Council Ohambors were both, illuminatod with transparencies j in the lormcr a oau was given, to wincu iicxets were obtaiuod free, upon application from any of tho committco. Upwards of four hundred tickets were issuer', aud as tho arrangements wero admirably perfect, a most enjoyable even ing wasspent by tlioso who wero unwilling to encounter tho crowds in Melbourne. We should mention that tho Emerald Hill Railway Station was very prottilv decorated with flowers und evergreens. Ill addition to the foregoing festivities, tho film of L25 voted for tlio pur pose by tko Mimicipnl Council, was distributed by tho Lilies Bcncvolo it Society among tha poor of tiie district . SAKDRIDGE. Tha piers and priii.ipal streots of Saiidridgo wero vory g .ily ornamented yestorday, Tna ships alongside tlio piers and. those lying out in tho Buy run up bimting.aud (lags wero hung out . from nearly every house. The Railway Station and Pier were deservedly much admired, tlio dcoorations being exceedingly .well "designed; ' every nrch on tho platform of tljo 'former. was festooned with evergreen:: nnd flowere, and tho gateway of the latter was converted into a triumphal nrch. Tho engines' on the iine'also csmo in for their eharis of 'attention, Having been very prettily arrayed in wronths of flowers. Tho chief features in tho rejoicings was a fete given to tho children of tho district for wliioh the materials had been sup plied by various residents in tlio municipality. For somo tiine previous to four o'clock, tho hour of meeting, tho children began to flock to a largo building in Bay street,' which had he JJ procarea ior tlio purpose, ana, wncu cue grac was sung, there could not have been fewer than six hundred children present. 1 The very Bub stantial meul lmving been disposed of, tho forms and tables wcro removed, and tho child ren wero treated to a dance until eight o'clock, at which hour the room was thrown open to the parents and others for a ball. The strocts at night wero very generally illuminated, chiefly with transparencies j on tho Sugar Company's building was exhibited a largo ono representing full-length portraits of tho Roynl Pair, surrounded by a crown, with the motto " God bless tlio Roynl Pair" underneath. A largo bonfiro was lit at night in the Fisherman's Bond, and a royal snluto was fired by a detach ment of tho Naval Brigade. I'.RUNSJVICK. Too Municipal Council of this district voted a considerable sum to properly colcbrutu the , marriage festival. A committee of tho more influential inhabitants acted in conjunc tion with the Counci1, und a very cxteusivo programme wns prepared. Tho inclemency of the weather prevented tire wholo design from bi ing earned out in irs integrity. How ever, but fow nniteiial nlturatjons woro mado in it. A tviuinphi'l inch was erected ;ici'053 tho Sydney road, opposite tho Court-house, Thither tho greater jiortioh of the inhabi tants repaired at an early hour, and a pro cession was formed, aj in other dietriete. \- UTS — — - Sports and amusements of Tarious kinds suc ceeded, tlic children being treated to fruit, sweetmeats, etc. The older individuals were regaled with a moro substantial luncheon, and beer was supplied in unlimited profusion. Of course, in the evening there was a bonfire, fireworks, cto. 1 PKAIIRAN AND TOOIIAK. As his Excellency arrived at the junction of Chapel street with tho Gardiner's Creek road, he was met by tho members of the Municipal Council of Frahran, headed by Councillor Crows, who presented his Excellency with tho loyal and dutiful address agreed to by the Council. His Excellency replied in tho most gracious terms, and apologised for tho absence of Lady Barkly, who had been prevented from attending by tho inclemency of the weather. Tho festivities of the day were well kept up, and a good many porsoos illuminated their houses in tho evening. The Town-hall was, of course, conspicuous. Two good transparen cies, executed by Mr Keen, were displayed at Ifottley'e Toomk hotel. There were also two fine transparencies of tho Prince and Princess at Mr Evan's, in the Gardiner's Creek road, near Christ Church. These were painted by Mr Vonderhouten, the drawing master to tho schools in the neighbourhood. Mullett's hotel, iu the Domain road, was well decorated and illuminated, as were many private residences. SODTII YARItA. The terrible state of the weother, of coursr, had a prejudicial effect on this most loyai suburb, so far as concerned tho details in the programme of the day, which wcro necessarily ;«t very short of their fair proportions. How ever, the elite of the suburb assembled in goodly array, so tliau when liis Excellency, Sir Henry Barkly, accompanied by Captain Bancroft, arrived nt tho grand trium phal areli adjoining Christ Church, all wero prepared to do honor to thejcldcst son of our widowed Queen, and to express their hearty congratulations nud welcome to the youthful and illustrious prince and princees. At the arch, his Excellency was received by a com mittee formed from the gentlemen and trades men of the locality ; and Mr 3. B. Vnughan as one of the oldest inhabitants and one of the committee, presented the following address : — " May it please yonr Excellency, — We, tho inhabitants of 8outh Yarra, in the colony op Victoria, most humbly request your Excel lency to present our most dutiful and loya- congratulations to lier Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria on tho auspicious marriage of Ills Koyol Highness the Prince ot Wales with the Princess Alexandra of Denmark Wo also request your Excellency to convey to his Royal Highness our warmest congratu lations on his marriage with the Princess Alexandra, and our earnest wishes that this union may provo in all respects as happy as the union of hie most illustrious and Royal parents, feeling tlmt wo cennot point to n brighter and happier example than they have Bet before him. We also request your Excel lency to convey, through his Royal Highness tho Princo of WbIcb, our hearty wclcomo as British subjects (though far distant from our native land), to her Royal Highness the Prin- ocss of Wales, on her becoming the wife of the eldest son of our beloved and moBt gracious Quoen. And we also request your Excellency to assure hor most gracious Majesty tlmt in no port of ber vast dominions has she more dutiful and loyal subjects than tho inhabitants of this colony, which has been so happily named 'Victoria.' And we pray God that her most graciouB Majesty may be long pre served to reign over us." During tho delivery of this address the rain camo down in torrents. His Excollenoy, however, who was in an opon barouche, stood uncovered and replied that ho was gratified with tho dutiful and loyal address of tho in habitants of South Yorra, and would, with tho greatest pleasure, convey to her Majesty and their Royal Highnesses, the expressions of loyalty, congratulation, and welcome therein contained. Mrs Kay (tho wifo of Captain Kay, another of tho oldest inhabitants) on be half of tho ladies of South Yarra, then pre sented to his Excellency, as a gift to Lady Barkly, a handsome bouquet. Threo hearty Cheers wero then given by the largo crowd assembled for hor Majesty. Others for his Ex cellency and Lady Barkly, and this interesting ceremony concluded. Tho triumphal arch consisted of three compartments or arches, tho centre being twonty-flvo feet wide and thirty feet high, the other two being one on each side, of smaller proportions. Surmount ing the grand arch was a magnificent floral crown, over the side arches wero the Princo of Wales's feathers. Iu tho centre arch wero two large letters, Y. R. composed of choice flowers. In each of tho small arches were tho letters A. A. The intersections of tho large arch with the smaller arches, was at niglit brilliantly illu minated with columns of gas, surmounted with the letters A. A. KEW. In this suburban municipality there was no procession, and the wet weather interfered but little with their arraugemonte, as Monday evening was fortunately devoted to tho recrea tion of 'the children of tho neighbourhood, of whem about 250 wero regalod with tea, buns, and cake, at tho Athcntcum, which was taste- fully decorated for the occasion. Tho Princo of Wales's feathers, with their ancient motto, wero of course conspicuous, and the initials of their Royal Highnesses, wero wrought in scarlet flowers at the' end 'of tho hall After tea, tho children ..were entertained with tho magio lantern and other amusements, and the Chairman of tho Municipality delivered an address appropriate to tbo occasion. It was intended to take tbo children to seo tho illuminations in Melbourne on Tuesday night, had the weather permitted; and a bonfire was lighted on Bar ker's Hill, in commemoration of the Royal nuptials, which vied in magnitude with many others round Melbourne. There were, wo be- liero, no privato subscriptions for tho public rejoicings, the Council voting L50 for the occa sion, which wss found ample. The houses were deoorated with evergreens and a few transparencies were tho only efforts made in the way of illuminations. HAWTHORN. This rural township, on tho banks of tlio River Yarra, seems to have Inkem . oppoBito views to its neighbour, and, instead of beginning the day before tho fair, hos resolvoil to keep up the entertainment until Wednesday, for which day preparations are made to entortain some 400 children from tho different public schools, and about 300 from private schools in the neighbourhood. Here there was no prooeBBion, and the rain doea not appear to have much interfered with 'the recreations of the inhabitants, except in preventing tho.faircr portion of the community from visiting Melbaqrne, to see and be seen. Tho unexpected fineness of the night, howevor,' enabled a. great raaqyrto- see the illuminations and deoorations of the metropolis. The Town- hall was tastefully decorated with flowers and evergreen's, ond'Vtrsnsparenoy, having in large, letters tho following loyal sentences : — " Hail, Rose of Denmark. Hail, .Victoria, the Prido of the People." On the high ground abovo the Town-hall an enorsrious bonfire vfaa, lighted soon after dusk, and 'one'- that vied with it, about a. mile off, at Mr Everist'e, near the bridge/" Fireworks were the Arder of the night at both places, and .thp: rockets at ono wero answered by rockets at the. other in friondly rivalry. The Corporation voted L50 towards the ce'obration of the marriage of the Prince of Wales, and L60 was subscribed privately, the Chairman of tho Municipality, Mr M'Douga! (of Sands and M'Dongal), heading the subscription with LIO. That to-day (Wed nesday) shall not bo without'the necessary supplies for keeping up tho loyal spirit of Tuesday, wo may mention thnt the Oomto do Dollon has presented a cask of wino, and that Mr Coles, baker, has undertaken to supply a portion' of the refreshment for the children. Messrs Notl and Renton, butchers, supply two sheep, Mr Williams one bullock, Mr Lloyd another sheep, and Mr John Muriel: will provide bonfires and fireworks on Wednes day night, in Mr Lyneh's paddock. _ RICHMOND. This energetic township intendod to have celebrated the marriage of tho Prince of Wales with the Princess Alexandra, by a procession through the ohief part of that municipality consisting of all the local bodies and societies within its bounds, but the state of the weather prevonted the realisation of the programme, — and tho ohildren, who wero to have \ an open air dinner on Docker's Hill, were, per force, obliged to put up with the various school rooms and tho large volunteer orderly-room belonging to tho Richmond Volunteers. Tho Municipal Council voted LlOO towards tho expenses of the celebration, and subscriptions wero sent in to supplement this to the amount of L200. Mr Francis, M.L.A., having promised to add ten per cent, of tho tolal amount. Out of this money a substantial feed was provided for all comers, and all through (ho dny there was no want of the solids generally considered necessnry to enablo Englishmen to enjoy a holiday. At break of day a Royal salute was fired from Docker's Hill, and iu the evening a bonfire was lighted and the youthful part of the community in dulged extersively in fireworks. During tho day, Richmond mudo a gay appearance, in epito of tho rain. In Church street, Messrs Gibb's, Brilton's Marsh's, and several others were dceora'ed with flags, evergreens, and flowers ; and in the Bridge road, tho Chnrlic Napier, and btnr and Garter hotels, made a grand display. In the Punt road, flogs were hung across tho road from the Cricketers Anns hotel to the paddock, and in Swan street some of the floral decorations showed good taste and ingenuity, the Richmond hotel and Cleary's hotel being profusely garnished with boughs, and tho latter having a handsome trans parency. To this ws have to add that most of tho other important streels, as well as the smaller oms wero gaily decorated with flags, etc, and that the Swan street station as well as Crcinomo, was tastefully dressed iu a like manner. TIOBSON'S BAY. Notwithstanding the thick rain that con tinued to pour down tho whole of yesterday, tbo Bhips dec'>ed thomEolves out in holiday attire in honor of tho day set apart for cele brating H. R. H. the Princo of Wales's mar riage day. At eight a.m. H. M. steam sloop Victoria fired a signal gun and dressed ship ; tho Netlierlnnd corvotto Djambi did tho same, and tho ships ono nnd all wero not sparing of their bunting. Tho White 8tar clipper ship Blm Jacket fired a royal saluto. At noon tho Victoria and Djambi, nnd Williamstown nnd Sandridgo batterirs fired royal salutes at eight p.m. The Red Jacket, belonging to the same line as the Blue Jacket, fired a royal salute and illuminntcd Bliip. This was followed, at nine p.m., by the two war steamers doing tho some. Feu-dc-joics from various ships and from firing parties on the various wlierfs wcro kept up the wholo WILLIAMSTOWN. Tho " fishing village" wus all alive yesterday, nnd the inhabitants, despite tbo inclemency of the weather, liko loyal and dutiful subjects gavo themselves up to enjoyment. In tho morning n procession wns formed, consisting of tho Volunteers, the Odd Follows, Trades, and the principal inhab tints of tho town, with the member, Mr G. F. Vcrdon, M. L. A. They proceeded to tho battery, where a loyal salute of tweuty-ono guns wns fired at noon. The procession then proceeded to tho Town-hall, in front of which t wo oaks, in commemoration of the occasion, wire planted by Mr Vcrdon, who delivered an able und eloquent oration. The national anthem was 6Uiig and threo hearty cheers given. Tho dinner which took placo nftcrwards on tho open space at tho rear of tho Mechanics' Institute, was partaken of by tho majority of those present. During tho day all the Government buildings and nearly every privalo residonco was decorated with flags. The liarbor offico and tho water polico quarters being particularly conspicuous, Iho former' being covered with a eompleto rainbow of flags and garlands. In the ovening a pyro technic display took place under the super intendence of Mr Ellcry, and a glorious bonfire was lighted. Tho flumes from which wero visiblo from a long distance. Tho banks and tho privato residences wcro mostly illuminatod with transparencies and appropriate devices. At eight o'clock tho V ictoria fired a salute, and sent up a shower of rockets and bluo lights, which produced a very pretty effeot. A saluto was also fired from tho Dutch corvotto Djambi, during tho day. FULTON'S FOUNDRY. Tho proprietors of Fulton's Foundry, in Flinders street, yesterday ovening, entertained their employees at a dinnor, in honor of tho Prince und Princess of Wales. About one hundred employees, with their whes and children, sat down to a substantial repast, which lliey appeared to enjoy to the utmost. Several appropriate addresses wore delivered, tho evening being concluded by a ball, which wns continued to a very lata hour. MR. MILLS'S ESTABLISHMENT. On Monday night, the employees of Mr Henry' Mills' establishment to tho number of seventy, woro entertained by that gentleman at a sumptuous dinner at the Sir Charles Hotham hotel. Several of the leading merchants of Melbourne woro present. All tho usual loyal toasts wero proposed and drunk with enthu siasm, a good band was in attendance to enlivon tho company, and tho greatest harmony pro- vailed till midnight, when the company sepa rated. Mr. Short, of tho Sir Charles Hotham hotel, deserves great praise for the exeellenco of tho supper and complete arrangements. 