ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION THIS DAY. dir. H. M'MILLAN-On the premises, Gloucester terrace, St Kilda, at eleven o'clock Household fin r iture ox d effects. Vestir. GREW and IfunnAT.--At the Australian TMiarf, at eleven o'clock Circular Head potatoes. Jit their room s, Collins- street, at twelve o'clock Imperial cognac, sherry, port, full and light weight candles, and portion of cargo of wine and brandy ex Anna Catherine. Messrs. JOHN LEVY and ROSE-At the rooms, Collins street, at twelve o'clock-Shoo-bmshos, earthen, -ware, c. SCRIP. M'CAW and ANOTHER At the farm, near Woodstock Dairy and homestead, &c.; Starr. Fit ABER and COHEN -At their rooms, COIUM M left, at eleven o'clock Clothing, haberdashery, blankots/gonova, and cargo of wines ex Spy, ye. sir. Jones M'COMBE, At his mart, Collins-street, at a olve o'clock Groceries and provisions. Mr. T. NOBLE At the premises, Cecil street, Emerald hill, stone o'clock Household furniture, piano, and other Offerte. or. Envunn B. MORCOMBE At his rooms, Smith street, Collingwood, at two o'clock-Miscellaneous goods. "-? sales by Auction. SALE POSTPONED, In Consequence of the General Holiday on Thursday, to SATURDAY, MAY 10. At Twelve o'clock. At the Malvern-hill Yards. To Dairymen, Butchers, Farmers, Parties in Want of Good Milkers, and Others. Prime Dairy Cows, Fat Cattle and Calves. Imported Bull, site. At the Malvern hill Yards, South Yarra. KAYE and BUTCHART will SELL by AUCTION, at the above place, on the day named (Saturday), at twelve o'clock noon, by order of Mr James But chart, also following first-class stock, consisting of Duke Humphrey, imported shorthorn bull, four years old, the winner of many prizes, and per- fectly acclimatised 40 picked milkers, with calves at foot, or in olf CO selected cows, in calf to Duke Humphrey 0 milkers' heifers, do do 80 fat bullocks 80 prime calves. 7sec above cattle can be highly recommended a son client milkers, healthy, and good. They are the pick «ri5C0< and bred at Conargo, Billabong, New South TV ales. r For unreserved sale. N.B.-M>lvoro-liill is about a mile from the Gar liner Creek-road Railway Station, where cars will 1 p in attendance. SATURDAY, MAY 10. Pure Shorthorn and Hereford Cattle. KAYE and BUTCHART have received irstru) tions to SELL by AUCTION, by order of Alex. "Brock, Esq., at twelve o'clock, on Saturday, the 10th Stay, at the Malvern-hill Yards, near Toorak, The following pure short-horn and Hereford cattle : 1 Lord Barrington, short horn bull, imported by Captain Godfrey, four years old Queen's Own, Hereford bull, bred by Messrs. Bakewell and Lyall Famjajo, imported short-horn cow, selected in of England by Robert M'Dougall, Esq. Flower Girl, Hereford cow, bred by Messrs. Bakewell and Lyall Lady Bird, Hereford cow, bred by the Cressy Con Cy o, do do, do JRinglot, Hereford cow Juno, do do Victoria, do do, bred by L. Mackinnon, Esq., Tait mania. Also, Tore shorthorn bull Benedict, the property of Michael Lynch, Esq. Full particulars may be bad, and pedigrees seen, at the office of the auctioneers. FRIDAY, JUNE 12. At Morton's Hotel. At Two o'clock. First-class Station on the Darling. KAYE and BUTCHART have received Instructions to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION on the day and at the place above mentioned, at two years., That well-known Station MENINDIE. On the Darling River, to which it has a frontage of nearly 40 miles; with on estimated area of about 800 square miles of saltbush country and sandhills, the very pick of the whole pit or, abounding with wild clover and gross, and pro * noticed by one of our most eminent recent ex. proven to be superior to any country he saw between the Darling and Carpentaria. The best proof of the fattening quality of the country is the fine condition in which the fat cattle always arrive at the Melbourne yards, notwithstanding a journey of 500 miles. The back country possess the immense advantage of being abundantly and perin i neatly watered by five or six lakes, including the Menindie and Cawndilla Lakes, the latter 10 miles back. The best judges admit that the grazing capability of the run are not of or- cstinmtcd at 80,000 sheep and 3000 cattle. Great improvements have been effected on the station recently. At the Home Station is an eight roomed brick house, with galvanized iron roof and verandah, detached kitchen, with bedroom, gool underground store, men's hut of substantial sawn slabs, good stock yards, woolshed in course of erection : strong well arranged slab building, with floor for it bearers, and good lever press to work inside the building, sheep yards, and horse paddock one mile square, now being enclosed with post and rails. At the Kangaroo Well Station is a slab hut for over seer, shepherd, and stores, good well to water 400 sheep, stock-yard, and five out-stations with yards, from which sheep are now running. On the river and three sheep-yards, and on the lakes or five lambing jams. At Becher Echo Lake Out Station-a substantial two-roomed hut, double stock yard, cow and killing yard, and stack of hay. At Panomaroo-Two taking yards, large stockyard on the river to work 2000 cattle. Ali the stock-yard care of the most substantial description and the whole station is in thorough working order. With the run will be sold 6000 head of cattle, equal Boxes, the bulk of them from two to four years old. These are of a very superior description, having been got from stock imported by the South Australian Cattle Company, Lake Albert, and are remarkably quiet and br h tug. 1000 head are now ready to corns til. HjOCO oves, consisting of 298? ewes, two, four, six, and eight tooth 1087 do, four-tooth 1067 do, six and eight tooth 8000 do, eight tooth 150 rams, two, four, six, and eight tooth, lïjÔOO These sheep were carefully selected, four months ago, from the best flocks on the Darling, and a-a found and healthy. In all probability there will be 21,000 sheep on the station before it can be delivered to a purchaser. 55 useful station horses, including an entire cart horse 10 working bullocks, with drays, carts, harness, and 800 now hurdles. Annual rent and assessment. £538. Terms One-third cash, residue bearing eight per cent, interest, at one, two, and three years, secured in the usual manner. For any further particulars, apply at 50 Bourke) street west. The auctioneers can confidently assure intending purchasers, that, Judging from the quality of the cattle that have been sold by them from the above station, no finer pastoral property has been offered in these colonies for many years. FRIDAY, MAY 15. To Speculators, Gold-Miners, and Others. For Positive Unreserved Sale of. Three Shares in the Old Post-office Mining Company, Golden point, Ballarat. In the Estate of Peter Longshaw, late of Queensland, but formerly of Ballarat, Deceased, Intestate. 335 Order of the Curator of Estates of Deceased Persons, George Shovelbottom, Esq. B PERRY and Co. have received Instructions from the Curator of Intestate Estates, Geo. Sh.Ow el bottom, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION by their auctioneer, Mr. Wm. Perry), at their rooms. Collins street, on Friday, May 16, at twelve o'clock, Without reserve, All the interest of the above named deceased to three shares in the Old Post-office Mining Company, Golden point, Ballarat. _Terms-Cash._ FRIDAY, MAY 22. To Market-gardeners, Wood-Garten, Small Farmers, and Others. Allotments of Land situate in the Parish of Bulleen. Portion of the Carlton Estate. On the Main Road to Templestowe. B PERRY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION (by their auctioneer, Mr. Wm. Perry), at their rooms. Collins-street, on Friday, May 22, at twelve o'clock, Without any reserve, All those pieces of land, subdivisions of Portion D of the Carlton Estate, parish of Bulleen. Lots. ConUtaing 83. 31 Jp. Lot 2. Containing 22. 2r. 22p. I Lot 2. Containing 2a. 2r. 18p. . Lot 4. ; Containing 2r. 38p. Lot 5. p Containing 22. 1r. 27p. Lots Containing 22. 1r. 23p. Each having a good frontage to the main road, Lot 2 being a splendid corner allotment, with a double frontage. Tit Io unexceptionable. The above superior allotments of land, available either for market-gardeners, wood carton, or others, are situated on the main road from Melbourne to "Unwin's Special Survey and Templestowe, and are a thin a short distance of the Doncaster Inn. Terms, liberal, declared at sale. N.B. Positively Without any Reserve. FRIDAY, MAY 15. 68,0881t. Square Kaurie Timber. 25,880ft. Kaurie Boards. Joists, Battens, and Scantling. CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on Australian Wharf, Friday, May 15, at eleven o'clock, Ex Sea Gull, from Kiapara, 60,088ft. Kaurie square timber, 12 x 12 to 23 X 28, 12ft. to 33ft. lengths 1888ft do sawn boards, 14 x J to 10 x J 10,601ft. do do, 6 x 4 to 20 x 1 3788ft. do do 12 x 15 to 20 A U, and 12 x H to 20ft 7000ft do plank and scantling, 4 x 8 to 20 X 8, and 6 x 3 to 20 x 2, assorted lengths ' 5000. battens, Ita. and rain. Now landing, in fine condition. Terms Liberal Sales by Auction. BROUGHT ON FOR MONDAY, MAY 18 In Consequence of Tuesday being a Holiday. To Gentlemen in Search of a Country Residence. For Positive Sale. City of the most complete and delightfully situated Villas in the neighbourhood of Melbourne, together with extensive Garden, Shrubbery, Orchard, and 77 Acres Land, on the Cotham road, Kew, Known as _ Woodlawn. MR. STUBBS has received from the proprietor instructions to SELL to the highest bidder, at his rooms, Collins-street west, on Monday, 18th May, at twelve o'clock precisely, The above very desirable property, recently erected, and in a most complete state of repair. The land has a frontage to the Cotham road of five chains, by a depth of 16 chains, comprising in all 76 acres, upon which is erected a substantial brick house, with bluestone) foundation, and slate TOOT, surrounded on two sides by spacious verandahs, 7ft by 66ft. It contains Drawingroom, 16ft x 14ft, with two handsome plate-glass windows, Venetian blinds, marble mantelpieces, c Diningroom, 14ft X 14ft, fitted In like manner Best bedroom, 14ft x 13ft., with wardrobe Two other bedrooms, 11ft, x 11ft and 12ft. x 9ft. respectively. Large kitchen, with oven, dresser, cupboards, &c.; Pantry, dairy. The rooms are all built with fireplaces, and boils Lung throughout the house. I The out-buildings consist of a capital two-stalled stable, man's room, glg- shed, fowl-house, piggery, Se. There is also a large cemented tank and pump. The land is divided into grass paddock of five aero?, a fmallerpaddock(under the plough), and garden of one and a quarter acres, which has been drained, trenched, and laid out in the most tasteful manner with rare flowers and shrubs ; there are also a large number of vines and fruit-trees of every description, all in full leaving. Mr. Stubbs In calling attention to the above desires to state that it is seldom a property is offered so thoroughly desirable In every respect. The situation is on high ground, commanding; some of the most picturesque scenery near Melbourne. The house having been built by the proprietor for his own residence, is most substantial, convenient, and in thorough repair and as the auctioneer's instructions are positively to sell, intending purchasers should lose r of time In inspecting the property, which may probably be (old for One- half its original cost The Kew cars take passengers to within about a mile of the house. Cards to view and all particulars may be obtained of the auctioneer. Terms One-third cash ; balance by bills at three, six, and nine months', with 10 per cent, interest. Title Guaranteed. BROUGHT ON FOR MONDAY, MAY 18, In Consequence of Tuesday being a Holiday. To Newly-arrived Immigrants. Ashton lodge, Johnston-street, Collingwood. Derby-villa, High-street, Prahran. Down Lodge, near How. To WIdowed Ladies and Other a Requiring Small Neat Cottages and Houses. MR. STUBBS Is Instructed by the owner to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, 81 Collins-street, on Monday, 18th May, at twelve 1 o'clock precisely, First-Lt 1. All that excellent, well-built brick, stone, and slated roof, house and premises known as Ashton lodge, with six rooms, out offices, garden, situate near Johnston street Bridge, Abbotsford, now in the occupation of Mr. Surveyor Gibson, who has been so kind as to say that he will admit intending purchasers to view the same. Lot 2. All that BBbstantlally-woll-bullt property known as Derbyshire, having eight rooms, with verandah on all sides, the whole of tho very best timber, and slated roof, observatory, he ; detached kitchen, tor. wants room, water in plenty and perfection large garden, now occupied by Mrs. Rickards, and situate near the Mount Erica Hotel. Lot 3. That very compact property known as Down-lodgo, late the residence of J. Chidley, Esq., and premises, situate in Park-road, Kew, with verandah front and rear, and seven rooms, exclusive of two pantries, stables, coach house, tank, fruit and vegetable garden of one acre. Also, Lots. A capital horticultural or box nlcalgardoL paddock of 13 acres, all fenced, off the it tea course Hotel, main Dandenong- road. Terms, liberal, at sale. Titles Guaranteed. For further particulars apply at the rooms, or to Mr. Wallis, estate agent, opposite the office of this paper. MONDAY, MAY 18. Sale of Valuable Household Furniture and Effects, to No. 6 Gloucester-terrace, St. Kilda MR. STUBBS is favoured with Instruct! its record of from Mrs. Doctor Houston, previous to her departure from the colony, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the promises, 0 Gio icoster-tcrnu'o, on Monday, May 18, solo to commence at half-past twelve o'clock precisely, The whole of that lady's well-selected suites of drawingroom and other household furniture, plate, Surgical instruments, o.C. including som a beautiful oil and water-colour paintings, by F. Houston, M.R.A., &c.; Full particulars of which will appear in the catalogues. Terms Cash. WEDNESDAY, MAY 20. To Respectable Families Furnishing, to. Very Handsome Suites of Drawingroom, Diningroom, Bedroom, and other Supotb Household Furniture) and Effects, First-class Brilliant-toned Pianoforte ; Dinner, Dessert Tea, and other Servicos;Engrai ings, China, Plate, So. MR. STUBBS Is favoured with instructions received from G. Fairburn, Esq. (pro ious to that gentleman's departure for the country), to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his town residence, Welling;,' ton- parade. East Melbourne, on Wednesday, the 20th. May, sale to commence at twelve o'clock precisely, The entire and wholly complete suites of his beautiful furniture, all of which will rippon In the catalogue now preparing for distribution. Terms Cash. FRIDAY, MAY 22. Important Notice Of The Forthcoming Second Series of Public Sales to be held of Properties Belonging to the Provident Institute. By Order of the Assignees, "rVTR- STUBBS is favoured with instructions to ceived from E. Courtney and J. L Langlands, Esqs., Official and Trade Assignees respectively of the Provident Institute, to SUBMIT to PUBLIC! COMPETITION, at his auction rooms, on Friday, the 22nd May, sale to commence at twelve o'clock pre- Casely, The undermentioned town, suburban, and country freehold properties. further description of which will appear in a future issue, and which (In the meantime) may be ascertained at the rooms, In the following order, A IZ. : Lot 1. The Wellington Arms, Wellington-street, Collingwood 2\. Two-story stone and brick built shop in I dwellinghouse, adjoining the Belvidere Hrto!, Brunswlck-street 3 A valuable leasehold warehouse and property, including the whole of the original half-acre Allotment 11 of Section 1, situated at the corner of Collins and King streets, Melbourne, known as Bradshaw's Wool Stores, having a frontage of 132ft. to Collins-street by 60ft 9in. to. King street, and having erected thereon, in. Flue J separate stores, comprised in one solid. structure of bluestone, with slated roof, a noble cellar floor, 30 x 108, capable of storing 3000 tons of goods ; the street floor is also 30 x 18, and includes counting house, offices, &c.; ; conti- trated iron store, 00 x 00, lately occupied by Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co. ; hay and corn store, also of iron; and two other iron building, with vacant land. The whole subject only r to £160 per annum, loss £60 paid annually by Messrs. Westby and Co. for use of right-of-way. The lease, which has about 10 years to run, may be seen at Messrs. Bronckhorst, Smale, an i Duordin's offices. 4\. Valuable freehold, known as Northampton buildings, situate in Acland-street, St Kilda. 0\. Two two-story houses, fronting Bridge-road, Richmond, near the Star and Garter Hotel. 63\. Mr. Affltck'fl valuable estate, of 60 acres, part i of Portion 140 B, parish of Boroondara, about- , three quarters of a mile from the residence of - the hon. the Premier. 7\. TOO acres land, county Mornington, parish of ; Warrandyte, Section A, bounded by Govern- i mont road three chains wide. 8\. Township of Kilmore. One allotment; por. '? tionofNo. lot Section 12, Gipps-street, with all buildings erected thereon. 9\. Township of Kilmore. Lot No. 3 of Allot- ment No. 2 of Section No. 2, with all buildings) , erected thereon. 10\. Valuable freehold of 22 acres, part of Allot- ment No. 16, parish of Doutta Galla, Moonee Ponds. 11\. Three dwelling houses and shops, Church - street, Richmond, parten Jika Jika, No. 108, an 1 half of Allotment No. 187 on the plan of subdivision, by J. R. Murphy, Esq., of Portions 7 and 8, 12\. Allotment 6, and part of 7, Sec. D., township of Ararat, with all buildings erected thereon. 18\. Township of Beechworth-Allotment 8 at Sea. 6, with all buildings erected thereon. 14\. Great Brighton-road Lots 3, 4, and 5, sub ? division of Allotments 238 and 239, with all buildings erected thereon, in the parish of Prahran. Ï6.-Collingwood-Young-strcot, part of Gun-alley ment No. 72, with all buildings erected thereon, 10\. Gardiner, parish Prahran 0 acres, Portion, No. 94. 1746 acres, more or less, part of Portion 06, said parish. 18 East Collingwood Five houses and one acre of land near the river. I For title, parties are respectfully referred to Messrs. Bronckhorst, Smale, and Duerdin, solicitors to the A- series. Terms made known at the solo. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. Under Bill of Sale. Household Furniture, Plate, c At No. 7 Gloucester-terrace, St Kilda, Noir The Terminus Hotel. McMILLAN will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, situate as above, at the rear o'clock, Couch and chairs, in leather ; Hair-seated chairs, loo and other tables, pier glass, handsome marble 14-day clock, Chiffonniere, papier mache table, oil paintings and plates, plated candlesticks, dessert dishes, &c.; ; bedsteads and holding, washstands and ware. Biting glasses, china, and a quantity of kitchen utensils and sundries. Also, A gold watch and chain, and a diamond rug. Terms cash. To M'Millan, auctioneer, of, 80 Chancery lane, Melbourne. Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. Auctioneer's' Notice Sale at Twelve o'clock precisely. To Wine and Spirit Merchants!, Storekeepers, and Others. WE beg to call the attention of the trade to our SALE THIS DAY, at twelve o'clock, of portion of the CARGO of BRANDY, Wines, &c.;, ox Anna Catherine, from Bordeaux ; Candles, etc. GREIG and MURRAY. The sale of spirits will commence at twelve o'clock punctually. THIS DAY. £0 Hhds. Imperial Cognac. 600 Cases Do. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY time received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, May 14, at twelve o'clock, Ex Southern Empire, 40 hhds. Imperial cognac, dark 10 do do, pale COO cases do. Terms Liberal THIS DAY. 20 Hhds. Sherry. 30 Quarter-casks Do. 36 Hhds. Portwine. SI Quarter-casks Do. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, May 14, at twelve o'clock, 20 hhds. sherry 20 quarter-casks do 86 hhds. port wine 24 quarter-casks do. Terms at sale. Full particulars prior to told THIS DAY. Portion of the Cargo ex Anna Catherine, from Bordeaux. Choice Brandy, bulk and case, Wines, c Rouillac 200 Proprietors' Brandy, Dark and Pale, bulk and case. Dupont and Dumas' Bulk Brandy, Dark and Pale. Rlzat's Balk Brand), Do Do Vineyard Corporation Brandy, Pale, in bulk. Imperial Brandy, bulk and case. Port Wine To the Wine and Spirit Merchants of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Beechworth, No. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers, Messrs. J. W. Ploos Van Amstel and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, 14th May, at twelve o'clock, I Ex Anna Catherine, from Bordeaux, I Brandy in Bulk. I 40 quarter-casks dark brandy, Dupont and Dumas 48 do do, J. Rlzat's 11 hhds. dodo' 46 quarter-casks pale do, do 25 do do, Vineyard Corporation 6 hhds. do, Rouillac 200 Proprietors' 12 quarter-casks do do. Brandy, In Case. 100 cases pale brandy, Boulllac 200 Proprietors' 200 do do, Gautier Freres' 460 do do, Imperial Brandy Proprietors 120 do do, Dupont and Dumas'. Geneva. 1000 cases Palm Tree geneva a 800 do Eagle do. Wines. 0 pipes, 0 hhds., and 2 quarter-casks port wine, 6 pipes, 10 hhds., and 10 do do, do 60 cases sparkling moselle 07 do assorted, tokay, vermont, annette, noyeau CC. Terms at sale. The above goods are just landed, and include many % try fine samples of brandy, dark and pale. THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock sharp. ACT Boxes Brandon's Full and Light Weight Candles. More or Less Damaged by Sea water. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, 14th May, at twelve o'clock sharp (Immediately prior to the sale of portion of cargo ex Anna Catherina, from Bordeaux), Sx Honigby, Captain J. van der Valk, from Rotterdam, A 8 and Co, Bec. 687-888-222 boxes Brandon's light-weight candles, each 25 cartoons 888-1888-446 boxes Brandon's full-welghtcandles, each 26 cartoons. More or loss damaged by sea-water. Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms Cath. THIS DAY. Prime Circular Head Potatoes. At Eleven o'clock. At the Australian Vi harf. 60 Tons Circular Head Potatoes?. To Potato Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others f REG and MURRAY have received instructions AJC from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, as the Australian Wharf, on Thursday, 14th May, at eleven o'clock, Ex Despatch and Helen, 60 tons prime Circular Head potatoes. Terms at sale. . Note. Australian Wharf, Thursday, 14th May, at eleven o'clock. THIS DAY. 200 Cases London Stout. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Thursday, 14th May, at twelve o'clock, 200 cases London stout. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. SOO Cases Champagne, quarts and pints. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Thursday, 14th inst., at twelve o'clock, 800 cases champagne, quarts and pints. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 07 Big Java Sugar. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Thursday, 14th ins., at twelve o'clock, 87 bags Java sugar. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, MAY 15. Enfield BnUets, Percussion Cape, Patent Tuso, Musket Powder, Tower-proof Powder, Ac. To Guntmiths, Ironmongers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, May 15, at twelve o'clock, 4 boxes Enfield bullets, plugged 1 case percussion caps, 100,000 5 barrels best patent safety double tape fuse 1 barrel do do do 10 barrels do, gutta percha 1 barrel best patent safety fuse 27 quar tor-ban his best musket powder, F. O. 17 do Tower-proof powder, for V. R. C., loose 18 do do, in Hit. canisters 7 do do, in his. do. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, MAY 15. 460 Cases Kerosene Oil. Downer's, Couzzons'B, and Portland. To Ironmongers, Oil Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. (1 KEIG and MURRAY have recIved instructions IT from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, 16th May, at twelve o'clock, SbO cues Downer's kerosene oil 160 do Conzzons's do do 100 do Portland do do. Terms, Liberal!, at Sale. FRIDAY, MAY 16. x 17 Barrels Tar. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, 16th May, at twelve o'clock, 17 barrels tar. More or less damaged. * No reserve. Terms-Cash. FRIDAY, MAY 15. £0 Cases Substitute for Spirits of Turpentine, 20 Do. Refined Petroleum Burning Off. To Oil Merchants, Ironmongers, Storekeepers!, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, 15th inst., at twelve o'clock, 60 cases substitute for spirits of turpentine 20 do refined petroleum burning oil. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, MAY 16. 25 Quarter Barrels Canister Powder. More or Less Damaged by Sea water. To Ironmongers, Gumin the, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instruction i to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, May 16, at twelve o'clock, Ex Broomlolaw. 26 quarter-barrels lib canister powder. FFF. Slightly damaged by sea-water. sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Norosorvo. Terms Cash. MONDAY, MAY 18. Preliminary Notice. Sale of Groceries, Oilmen's Stores, &c.; G BRIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at', their rooms, on Monday, 18th May, at twelve o'clock, In consequence of the holiday on Tuesday, Invoices of Groceries Provisions Candles Oilmen's stores, are. Full particulars prior to sale. MONDAY, MAY 18. 200 Cases Oilmen's Stores. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others GREIG and MURRAY have received inst trial from the importers to SELL by AUClii) 4, at their rooms, on Monday, 18th May, at twelve o'clock, Ex Golden Horn, 200 cases oilmen's stores. Just issuing. No reserve. , Terms at. SI:. i Sales by Auction. FRIDAY, MAY 16, At Eleven o'clock. At the Victorian Railway, SponocMtroet. SO Hhds. English Ale. All Faults, if any. -a . To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Victorian Railway Spencer-street, on Friday, 16th May, at eleven o'clock, * Ex Royal Saxon, 80 hhds. English ale. All faults, if any. No reserve. Terms-cash. Note-Victorian Rodway, Friday, May 15, at eleven o'clock. ON AN EARLY DAY. Stone Dwelling, on the Banks of the River Yarra, near the Residence of Sir Francis Murphy, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. JOHN LEVY and SONS have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, at twelve o'clock prompt, That delightfully situated property, having a frontage of 60ft., more or less, to Victoria crescent by a depth of 137ft running down to the River Yarra, to which it has a frontage of 133ft, or thereabouts. On the above land has been erected, at considerable expense, a stone dwellinghouse of 11 rooms ; the drawingroom, which opens out upon the balcony, being 30ft. long, and all the other rooms being pro- portionately commodious and lofty. The auctioneers respectfully suggest to intending purchasers a personal inspection of the property, as it is out of repair, not having been tenanted, and is to he sold without the slightest reserve. Terms, liberal, declared at sale. Note photograph of the property on view at the rooms of the auctioneers, John Levy and Sons 3 4 Collins-street west THIS DAY. Shoe Brushes, &c.; On Account. of Whom it May Concern. Ex Golden Horn. JOHN LEVY and SONS are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, on Thursday, May 14, at moira o'clock, at their rooms, U Collins- street west, F T (in diamond) 1900-1, 2 cosSB shoe brushes, &c.; More or less damaged. THIS DAY. Earthenware. For Positive Sale, JOHN LEVY and SONS have received instructions O from the consignees to SELL by AUCTION, at the rooms, 14 Collins-street, on Thursday, May 14, at twelve o'clock prompt, 47 crates earthenware, comprising Breakfast cups and saucers Plates, 0 to 10-inch Bow 18, jugs, and mugs Meat and covered dishes Ewers, basins, and chambers, etc, Full particulars at sale. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, MAY 16. For Prince of Wales's Festivities. Flags, Flags, and Illuminations. To Bankers, Merchants, and the Public in Gocen). JOHN LEVY and SONS have received Instructions from Messrs. H. B. Donaldson and Co., the Importers, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 14 Collins-street west, at eleven o'clock prompt, 100 English ensigns, all sizes 00 do Union Jacks, all sizes 11 sets Marryatt's signals, large, 170 flags 12 do do, mod., 102 do 12 do do, small, 102 do, In all 600. 12 foreign ensigns, Danish, &c.; 1 Australian ensign 100 secondhand flags, various 200 bolts bunting, all colours 2 Rockets, blue lights, tar-barrels, ice 2 pairs ship's cannons ' 1 pair do saluting do. The above are all from first-class English manufacturers. as mod by H. M. Government, and worthy the attention of those who desire to do honour to the joyous occasion. Terms, liberal, declared at sale. No Reserve AUCTION NOTICE. HORATIO BEAUCHAMP late of Beauchamp and Byrne) is desirous of informing his friends and the public that he has ADMITTED into PARTNERSHIP Mr. W. H. ROCKE and that for the future the business of furniture and general auctioneers, commission agents, Sec., will be carried on under the firm and style of BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE In referring to the above, the undersigned trust by attention to their business still to retain a liberal share of public support. Wednesdays' and Fridays' Sales. We shall, CB heretofore, continue to hold at our rooms, our regular Wednesday's catalogue sale of new and secondhand household furniture, &c.; and every Friday as lo of Ironmongery and general goods. Auction Sales at Private Houses. Messrs. Beauchamp and Rocke's many years' practical ttnowlodgeof the general furnishing business and value of all de scription of furniture, as well as their experience in the above description of sales, enable them to speak confidently that all sales of household furniture at private residences entrusted in their hnnrcwillbe carefully arranged (catalogued when required), and every attention paid, so as to CUBUTO the most satisfactory results. Valuations. To Hotelkeepers, Merchants, and Private Parties?. Valuations of all descriptions of household and office (furniture, fittings, As., carefully and correctly ascertained. Furniture removed, packed, and forwarded. Goods purchased by auction or privately can be packed (if required), shipped, or forwarded to the country, fully addressed. Furniture, pianos, Se., removed to our rooms for sale, either by auction or privately. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE, Auctioneers. 38 and 40 Collins-street east, next new Bank of Victoria. FRIDAY, MAY 16. At Eleven o'clock. 17 Cases of Brass Tubular and Solid Iron Bedsteads. Perry, Winfield, and other Makers. To Ironmongers, Furniture Dealers, Country Storekeepers, and Others. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE will SELL by, AUCTION, at their furniture and general auction rooms, 38 and 40 Collins-street east, on Friday, May 26, at eleven o'clock, 17 cases of brass tubular and solid Iron bedsteads, single and double, of various descriptions 2 do Iron chair- bedsteads. Without Reserve. THURSDAY, MAY 21. At Twelve o'clock. Cotham-road, Kew. Superior Household Furniture To Parties Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and Others. BEAUCHAMP and ROCKE have been favoured with instructions from E. C. Wheelock, Esq., in consequence of his departure for Europe, to SELL by AUCTION, at his residence, Cotham road. Kew, on Thursday, 21st May, at twelve o'clock, His superior household furniture, consisting of Dining-room. Couch and six chairs, In morocco ; easy chair, do. ; mahogany loo table and cover, Brussels carpet and hearth, rug, fender and fireirons, handsome bookcase, papier mache devonport, engravings, ornaments, etc. Parlour. Brussels carpet and hearth-rug, telescope dining table and cover, handsome sideboard, couch and chairs, fender and fireirons, superior electro-plated tea and coffee set, cruet from, spoons and forks ; ivory-handled cutlery, richly cut glass and china ware, handsome dinner service, fruit do. Hall and Verandah. Floorcloth, nearly new Wool mats, hall table, foldingchair Blinds fitted to verandah, with fittings, complete Bedrooms. Wardrobe, handsome full-sized tubular bedsteads, part brass ; single do ; horsehair mattresses and palliasses, bolsters and feather pillows ; superior blankets, sheets, and counterpanes, washstands and toilet ware ; marble slab and other looSt ing glasses, towel horses, Cane-seat chairs, chest of drawers, matting, bath, floorcloth, &c.; The usual kitchen furniture and utensils ; having been but little in use, are nearly equal to new. Sundries. ice chest Copying press, superior A few groceries and stores Bags of chaff, oats, and bran Largo dog's house, &c.; For further particulars see catalogues, which will be ready on Monday, May 18. N. B.-The whole of the furniture bavin g been but a few months in use, as nearly as good as now. Will be Sold Without Reserve. AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE. THE undersigned continues to hold his SALES of new and secondhand FURNITURE, on Tuesdays and Saturdays, at two o'clock, at his rooms, had Bourke-street cast. Parties having furniture to dispose of will find it to their interest to send them to the above rooms. Sale t by auction of furniture, &c;, at private residences care fully conducted. Valuations of furniture, &c;, correctly ascertained. Account sales rendered and settled the day after Belo. G. K. JOHNSTON, auctioneer, 118 Bourke-street; east. FRIDAY, MAY 15, Pawnbroker's Sale. GK. JOHNSTON, of 118 Bourke street, has received instructions from Mr. Geo. Jameson, of 154 Russell-street, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at eleven o'clock sharp, The remainder of the unredeemed pledges, consisting of men's and women's clothing, guns and pistols, carpenters' tools, gold and silver watches, rings, chains, and a quantity of articles too nu-. more or to mention. No Reserve. MONDAY, MAY 18. At Eleven o'clock Sharp. On the Promises, No. 100 La Trobe street east, a Substantial Four-roomed Brick House, with Detached Stone-built Kitchen, having a frontage of 16ft. 4in. to LaTrobe-street, by a depth of 70ft., with a good Metalled Right-of-way at rear. GK. JOHNSTON has received Instructions from the mortgagor, with the consent of the mortgagee, to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, No. 100 LaTrobe-street east, city of Melbourne, at eleven o'clock sharp, ....... All that piece or parcel of land, being part of Allotment 18, Section 26, Lot 1, as plan of subdivision, having a frontage of 16ft 4in. to LaTrobe-street east, by a depth of 70ft.. be the same more or less, on which is erected a sub slant lally built four-roomed brick house, detached stone-built kitchen, and good metalled right of way and yard at rear. Terms at Sale. or!.? by Attention. THIS DAY. Important Sale of Horse and Dairy Stock. M'CAW and ANOTHER have been favoured with Instructions from D. R McGregor, Esq. (In consequence of professional duties requiring the whole of his time and attention to SELL by AUCTION, at his farm, St Martin's, near Woodstock, on Thursday, 14th May next, The whole of Ids very valuable horse and dairy stock, which have been selected and bred by himself regardless of cost. The thoroughbred entire horses Young Premier and Derby. - - Pure-bred Durham bull Criterion j And 22 very superior brood mares, in foal to Young : Premier, most northern strong coaching mares ! i thoroughbred hacks, up to good weights 4 do three-year-old colts I 0 do two-year-old ; amongst the above are some , well-matched pairs 10 do yearlings, very superior I 10 do superior foals i 6 two-year-old draught colts, by Emperor, Comet, and Douglas 4 yearling do do, by Young Douglas I 48 cows, nearly all pure-bred Durhams 8 two-year-old heifers, to 12 yearlings, do, do 3 do, bulls, do I 20 calves, by Criterion. No reserve. Terms at sale. Catalogues maybe obtained of the auctioneers. FRIDAY, MAY 16. Colts Colts. Colts. M'CAW and ANOTHER have received instructions from Mr. W. 0. Buchanan to SELL by AUCTION, at the Royal Horse Bazaar, on Friday, 16th inst., at twelve o'clock, 20 very superior colts, comprising heavy draught colts by Mr. Ware's Colonel (Imported), and Ann upstanding well-bred carriage horses, broken and unbroken. The above nroavcryflno lot, much similar to Niel Black and Co.'s or Kennedy's more. No Reserve. i s FRIDAY, MAY 15. 2 To Shipowners, Importers, and Those Engaged in the New Zealand and Intercolonial Trades. Schooner JOHN McDOWALL STEWART. "JAMES LAWRANCE has received instructions to to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, on Friday, 16th May, at twelve o'clock, The beautiful new fore-and-aft schooner JOHN M'DOWAL STEWART, 85 tons register, and 80 tons burthen. This very superior vessel was built 18 months ago, of the best seasoned Ironbark, bluegum, and Western Australian mahogany ; is thoroughly copper fastened and sheathed with yellow metal ; is a very fine model, and finished in a first-class style. Her inventory is a cat complete in every respect, and, from her extreme light draught of water, offers an opportunity seldom to be met with for any of the ports in the colonies, more especially the rising port of Rev orton. Intending purchasers are respectfully requested to inspect her as she lies in the New Dock. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY. MAY 20. To Shipowners, Merchants, Importers, and Those Engaged in the East Indian, Mauritius, or Intercolonial Trades. The Beautiful New A1 Barque ONWARD. JAMES LAWRANCE has received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, on Wednesday, 20th May, at twelve o'clock, The A1 barque ONWARD, 813 tons register, 500 tons burthen, of the following dimensions, viz. : Length, 120ft. Breadth, 270ft Depth, 128ft. This fine vessel was built at St. John's, New Brunswick, under special survey, expressly for her present owners, and is classed A1 at Lloyd's for seven years, and entitled to run to 1870. She is a very handsome model, and is finished in first-class style. She shifts with a swept bold, and only requires a on all quantity of ballast to go to see with. She is peculiarly well adapted for the stock trade, having a clear bold fore and aft. Her carrying capacity in other respects is very large. Her cabin accommodation is very superior, being fitted up in on elegant manner, besides having a half break of poop, with enclosed space suitable for either cargo or stores. Her masts, spars, rigging, gear, &c;, are all fitted on the most modern principle. The auctioneer earnestly Invites intending purchasers to inspect this vessel, as she presently lies in the River Yarra. Her inventory is most complete, and consists of an East Indian fit-out Terms at Sale. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To Close Partnership Accounts. On the Premises, Flinders-street east The Entire Stock of General Hardware of Messrs. F. Harley and Co. GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co. have received instructions from Messrs. F. Har ley and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, on the promises, Flinders- street east, on an early day, The whole of thou- valuable stock of general hardware, ironmongery, &c.; Full particulars prior to sale. FRIDAY, MAY 16. At Twelve o'clock. Unreserved Sale of. Invoice of 20 Cases Very Superior Iron Bedsteads. Just Landed, ex Damlo. To Furniture Dealers, Upholsterer, Shippers, and Others. GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co. have received in structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, SO Collins-street west, on Friday, 16th May, at twelve o'clock, £3 cases iron bedsteads, comprising Child's Cots, cane, and emerald green Do bedsteads Assorted bedsteads. In morose, emerald green and gold, morocco and gold, U.M. blue, maple, &e.; Samples can be seen at the rooms of the auctioneers. No reserve Terms Cash. FRIDAY, MAY 16. At Twelve o'clock. Clearing Sale of the Stock-in-Trade of a General Iron- monger. To Ironmongers, Hardware Dealers, and Others. GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co. have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 80 Collins-street west, on Friday, 15th May, at twelve o'clock, The entire stock-in-trade of a general ironmonger, comprising Carpenters' tools Nails, of all Berts Hatchets Axes Shovels And Miscellaneous Ironmongery. No reserve. Terms Cash. FRIDAY, MAY 15. At Twelve o'clock. Kerosene Oil. Manilla and Isle of Man Repa. American Brooms, Axes, Shovels. To Hardware Dealers, Ironmongers, and Others. GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co. have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 86 Collins street west, on Friday. May 15, at twelve o'clock, 05 cases Downer's kerosene oil, Sigal. each 20 do Edwards's do, Gogol. do 440 packages Manilla and Isle of man rope, assorted, from Jin. Sin. 4 cases American brooms 84 do CollbiB's heavy axes to 61. OdodotoCilb. 12 do Sharp'smcdlum axes 3 do Hunt's No 3 L. H. shovels 6 do do 12in. D-II. do. For unreserved sale. Terms Cash. THURSDAY, MAY 21. At Twelve o'clock. Elegant Household Furniture and Effects. Barkly-street, St; Kilda, third house south from Formosa-terrace, and adjoining the Residence of F. G. Smith, Esq. To Parties Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and Others. GEMMELL, M'OAUL, and Co. have received In- structions from the proprietor, who is giving up housekeeping, to SELL by AUCTION, on Thurs- ley, 21st May, at twelve o'clock, on the premises, third house south of Formosa-terrace, and adjoining the residence of F. G Smith, Esq., The whole of the valuable household furniture and effects, comprising Dining-room Drawing-room, and Bedroom suites Catalogues at the auctioneers' rooms. FAT LAMPS, admirably adapted for illuminating- purposes, on SALE, at GEMMELL, McCAUL, and Co's auction-rooms, 80 Collins-street east. THURSDAY, MAY 21. Important to Cattle Holders, Breeders of Choice Stock, and Farmers. POWER, RUTHERFORD, and Co. have instructed their Mr. Davenport to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Thursday, the 21st of May, at the Woman court Station, near Hamilton, All those valuable Hereford cattle known as the Cox of Weerangourt herd, consisting of Cows and bullocks over seven years. 100 Cows over two and under seven years.. 400 Bullocks do do. 850 Heifers under two years SO Steers do.80J Choice cows, with pure-bred calves at root 200 Bull calves. 4 Total 1951 head and being the choicest lot of cattle of the above num b r ever submitted to public competition either in this or any other of the adjoining colonies. The auctioneers can assert, with the greatest confidence that the expense and trouble gone to in bringing this herd to its present state of perfection has been endless. They trust, therefore, that those interested in stock-breeding will avail themselves of this opportunity to secure the results of so much care and trouble, thus saving the necessary expense that has accompanied the breeder's exertions in establishing this magnificent herd. At no time have any cattle surpassed the above in general health, vigour of constitution and good fattening qualities, and disease of any land has always been unknown amongst them. All those who bought at the last sale of surplus store stock at Weerangourt have expressed their utmost satisfaction with the results of their purchases. Terms, liberal, at sale. Full particulars as to the best method of reach- ing the station at the offices, 122 Queen-street, Mel bo urce. Sales by Auction. SATURDAY, MAY 18. No. 13 Cecil-street, Williamstown. Weatherboard House, with an Allotment of Land. ' To Railway Men, Parties Engaged In the Bay Trade, and Others Desirous of Purchasing a Residence in Williamstown. MR. ROBERT BYRNE has received instructions from James Gannon, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, on Saturday, 10th May, at three o'clock p.m, An excellent well-built weatherboard house, containing six rooms, with a verandah at front and back, standing on an allotment of land having a frontage of 50ft. to Cox's gardens by a depth of 64ft. along a right- of-way enclosed with a paling fence. The auctioneer would direct special attention to the healthy situation of the above property, which is within a few minutes' walk of the North Williamstown Railway Station. Title perfect. Terms at Sale. " SATURDAY, MAY 10. ' At Twelve o'clock. On the Ground, at Williamstown. An Allotment, having a frontage to Twyford-street of 60ft. by a Depth of 165ft. MR. ROBERT BYRNE will SELL by AUCTION on the ground, at Williamstown, on Saturday, May 10, at three o'clock p.m., borders Those. 3. Ariel), Esq., Government Allotment 18, Section 16, having a frontage of 60ft to Twyford street, by a depth of 165ft., the third lot from the corner of Thomson-street, and adjoining the residence of William Dobson, Esq. Note-The street is metalled, footpaths made, after the property is within five minutes' walk of the main Railway Station and the beach. Terms at Sale. THE undersigned OFFER for PRIVATE SALE. CEYLON, Plantation, and Native COFFEE, ex Eliza Corry, Fairy, and Eliza Blanche, from Co- lt mho. FRASER and COHEN, 83 Collins-street west. For PRIVATE SALE. ' To Ironmongers. P LANGWILL and Co., having failed to effect man sale of their business in London, and the health of their managing partner necessitating an immediate change, are now prepared to SELL the WHOLE, or any, of their BRANCHES upon very eligible terms ; or to treat with persons in the colony possessing some little capital, and who may be suited to take the active management of the business under a condition of partnership. The business is at present conducted in the following freehold premises : No. 12 Collins-street, Melbourne; Ford-street, Beechworth ; Main-street, Chiltern ; Do do, Morse's Creek The whole of which have valuable and long established connexions. Full Information can be obtained from Messrs. FRASER and COHEN, Collins-street and from the managers of the various branches. Melbourne, 10th April, 1863 For PRIVATE SALE. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from Mr. Dunbell to SELL, by PRIVATE TREATY, The hotel known as the Waterman's Arms, Little Collins-street, built of brick having a frontage of 27ft. by a depth of 93ft. The furniture and stock in-trade will be soil with the hotel, or separately, at purchaser's option. Also, Two shops, built of wood, adjoining the ho for, having a frontage to above street of 20ft by a depth of 99ft PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Valuable Farm and Buildings. ' Deep Creek, about 10 Miles from Town To Speculators, Trustees, Tanners, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the north goes to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins street, on a day to be named in a future advertisement, at twelve o'clock precisely. That valuable farm known as Hill's Form, consisting of 640 acres, situate at Deep Creek, Bulla Bulla, about 10 miles from town, partly under cultivation, on which is built a substantial residence, with out- offices?, etc. Further particulars in a future issue. For further particulars apply to Messrs. Klingender, Charsley, an 1 Liddle. 2 THIS DAY. On Account of Whom it May Concern. To Close Accounts. Without Reserve. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION. at their upper room-, 83 Colllns- street, on Thursday, 14th May, at one on o'clock precisely, 1671-1 case, 20 boys' and youths' In cress capes 1408-1 do, 40 do do knickerbockers 1600-1 do, 25 men's coats 1804-1 do, 25 do do > 1603-1 do, 25 do do ' ! 1604-1 do, 24 do do 1618-1 do, 25 do do 1610-1 do, 25 do do 1000-1 do, 26 do do 1740-1 do, 26 do do 174 do, 25 do do 1712 do, 26 do do , 1647-1 do, 26 do do 160 do, 26 do do 163 do, 26 do do 1617-1 do, 18 do do > 1606 do, 15 do do 2077-1 do, 22 mon's Inverness capes 1870-1 do, 08 pair boys'' tweed trousers 1014-1 do, 20 tons coals. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Hunt's Port Wine. Cargo of the Spy, from Oporto. And Balance of Cargo ex Alice Maud. 50 Hhds. Hunt's Port Wine. 1410 Quarter Casks Do Do. 376 Cases Do Do. 880 Do Brandy. to the Merchants and Traders Generally of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beechworth, &c.; FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the Importers, Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins street, on Thursday, May 14, at half-past one on o'clock; precisely, She entire cargo of the Spy, from Oporto, consisting of Ex Spy, from Oporto, r Single diamond, 00 hhds. Hunt's port 500 quarter-casks do do. Double diamond, 00 hhds. Hunt's port 100 quarter-casks do do. Three diamond, 800 quarter-casks Hunt's port. Four diamond, 160 quarter-casks Hunt's port 260 cases, each one dozen, do do 26 do, each two dozen do do 100 do, each one dozen, fine old do do. Balance of Cargo ex Alice Maud, from Cadiz, Single grape, 10 butts. Cosons's sherry. One in circle, 6 hhds. Cosons's sherry. OF over UP conjoined, 08 quarter-casks Cosons's sherry, particular. Also, 252 cases Le Roy's brandy ' 185 do Audran'sdo i 403 do Mortimer and Co 's do. ! The auctioneers call) particular attention to this sale of the whole of the above cargo of Hunt's well known ; and celebrated brand, samples of which can be had at any time prior to the site, at the offices of Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., Queen-street. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 1000 Cases Geneva, Palm Tree Brand. I To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Grocers, Stores ' keepers, and Others. ' FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 Collins street west, on Thursday, 14th May, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, I 1000 cases geneva, palm tree brand. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. , 180 Bales and Cases Clothing, Haberdashery, and I Blankets. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their upper rooms, 88 Collins street, on Thursday, 14th May, at eleven o'clock precisely, 130 bales and cases of the following so sonable, goods : White and grey blankets Blue serge Neckties, assorted Linen collars I. R braces Grey Lambswool Half-hose Knit wool do Abordoen do Laabswool pants Do Blurts Kersey pants American do Serge do Grey kersey do Blue serge shirts Men's and boys' jumpers i Trouble crown drab mole trousers Weymouth cord do Drab cotton cord do Doe and tweed do Reversible Witney pea coats Do do sacs Hen's pilot coats Do do BOOB Tweed and doe vests x Inverness capes Youths' and boys Palmorston do Do Inverness capes Do talmas Do birdseye circles Do pilot coats And a variety of other equally reasonable goods. Terms at sale. Note. Sale this day, at eleven o'clock sharp. THIS DAY. Brandy, Dark and Pale, In Hhds. Victorian Distillery. To Wine Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from Mr. Thomas Aitken to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, this day, Thursday, 14th May, at half-past four o'clock precisely, 5 hhds. dark brandy 6 hhds. pole do. The above, the production of the Victorian Distillery; will be found a pure, well flavoured genuine spirits, bearing favourable comparison with foreign brandy. Terms at Sale. _ sales by Auction. "" THIS DAY. -- _ " . 1841 Boxes Stearine Candles. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others Tptn»HIPTl no interest in . a stolen. their_,_.T"""". best eleven o'clock precisely, 842 boxes stearine candles, full weights 400 do do, lightweights. g Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, MAY 16. Ilectro-Silver-Flatcd Ware, Watchmakers'Cool, is. lorry, and Other Goods. t """s "s For Unreserved Sale. Ex Birch Grove. FRASER and COHEN have received hunting. SELL by AUCTION, at their Î,tierAMÎ2 Collins-street, on Friday, '16th May, Among Ex Birch Grove, gotdsT " "I the following Plated and other For unreserved sale, ! Salted CrUotB'four'flve' six' and" seven cat I Do salt or, eight, 10,12,14 inches Do chamber candlesticks Bo table do j Do liqueur frames Do egg do I Do revolving cruets l Do cake baskets I Do water Jugs j Do pint and half-pint mugs I Do tea and coffee services of Do kettles and stands Do breakfast cruet] Do pickle frame Do salts Do goblets Table and dessert knives and forks Table, dessert, and tea spoons ' Papier mache tea trays Blacklead pencils, in cases Copper scuttles and kettles Plato-brushes Brooch tongues Gold watch-hands Fine stock seconds do Reading glasses Spectacles Sleeve Links Brooches Guard chains Jet bracelets. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, JUNE. , Preliminary Notice. Valuable Suburban Property, ! Known as Domj on's Corner, Gardiner. ' To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. "FRASER and COHEN have received instructions JL' from E. Courtney and J. Longlands, Ksnj Z. signs of the Provident Institute, to SELL by ann. TION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Fri day, 6th June, at twelve o'clock precisely, That valuable suburban property, know as DamyoM's corner, Gardiner, consisting of el acres of land, and residence. Further particulars in a future issue, Information as to title may be obtained from Miara. Bronckhorst, Smale, and Duerdin. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, MAY 15. Balance of the Cargo of the Despatch, from Foo Chow Congou in Chests and Boxes. S. O. Pekoe, in Boxes. To the Merchants and Traders Generally of Niel. bourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beechworth, c FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 33 Collins street, on Friday, lia) 15 at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, ' Balance of the cargo of the Despatch, from Foochow, consisting of No. 67-81 chests finest Koiaow congou 58-207 do do , 50-14 do do 62-260 halves do 08-183 halves do ed-100 chests do , 68-140 do do 70-867 do do 71-268 do do 72-208 do do 78-444 boxes scented orange pekoe. Musters of these trees are now on view at the n its of the auctioneers, and the trade are invited to highest them and take samples for liquoring. The opportunity for purchasing from this favourite cargo ought not to be neglected. Tems at Sale. THURSDAY, MAY 21. By Order of the Assignees of the Provident Institute. Under an Act of Parliament Valuable Properties situated in Brighton, Boroondin, Gardiner, Seymour. To Merchants, Capitalists, Speculators, Persons Seeking Investment, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from E. Courtney and J. Langlands, East, Assignees of the Provident Institute, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Thursday, 21st May, at twelve o'clock precisely, Brighton. { la, lr. 30p. of land, situate at Brighton, on in which is erected a first-class residence, built of brick, slated roof, containing 10 room; ; lately occupied by Dr. Hollo t. Allotments 9 and 10 of Block 4, situate in Carpenter street, Brighton. One acre of land situate in St Kilda street, Brighton, on which lsorectedabrlck two-story house, containing seven rooms, kitchen, is ted with range, collar, tank, stable, Ac. One acre of land, laid out as a garden, state' corner of Wells, Church, and Carpenter streets, Brighton, on which are erected two weatherboard cottages. Immediate possession Brick cottage, situate in Carpenter street, Brighton, in the occupation of the Rev. G. Adam, close to Church-street Railway Station. Brick cottage, stuccoed, slated roof, situated in Wilson-street, Brighton, opposite the Court- house, containing four rooms, kitchen, tank, etc., in the occupation of - Meek, Esq All that piece or parcel of land, part of Portion 63 in the parish of Moorabbin, Lots Nos. li ml 42, and which lots or parcels of land adjoin each other. Seymour. Two roods, more or less, situate in the v Blogg of Seymour, being Allotment No. 1 of Section No, 3. Two roods situate in the village of Seymour, being Allotment No. 8 of Section No. 3. Two roods, situate in the village of Seymour, bring Allotment No. 4 of Section No. 3. Two roods, situate in the village of Seymour, being Allotment No. 5 of Section No. 3. Two roods, situate in the village of Sej morn-, being Allotment No. 6 of Section No. 8 ; together with the messuage or tenement and premises erected and built on the said piece of land, and known as the Seymour Hotel. Full particulars at the rooms of the auctioneers. Further particulars as to title, Sun., may be obtained on application to Messrs. Bronckhorst, Smale, and Duerdin, solicitors, to. _ . THURSDAY, MAY 21. " j Eligible Property. j Small Farm at Newlands. j Containing Four Acres of Land. j To Farmers and Others Booking a Good Investment. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms?, 88 Col Inj I street west, on Thursday, May 21, at twelve o'clock a Precisely, , An excellent form at Newlands, about a mile irons Pentridge, close totheGovernmentieserie,con . taining four acres of excellent tend, In fall crop. There is croo cd on the land a substantial four , roomed weatherboard house in thorough repair, with stable and other convenient out buildings. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, MAY 28. , At West Geelong Junction. The Whole of the Valuable Railway Plant, By Order of Messrs. Williams and Little. i to Merchants, Railway Contractors ondEcglncors Generally of the Adjoining Colonies, Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Botca worth's. FRASER and COHEN have received Instrnf ore from Messrs. Williams and Little to F J AUCTION, at West Geelong Junction, on Timely, 28th May, at half-past ten o'clock precisely, The whole of Messrs. Williams and Little's values railway plant, consisting of Locomotives (Labour's) Stationary engines Permanent waggons Temporary do Balls Crab winches Derricks Surry tools blacksmith's' tools Horses Drays Dobbins, Se. 2. ". "t. And all material requisite for carrying on > railway contract Terms at Sale.. THIS DAY, At M'Combe's Mort, 20 Collins-street TfCBt ' Groceries and Provisions. JOHN M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, on. Thursday, May 16, at twelve o dock. Half-ton coffee. In 2lb. tins, all ready for ship- ment. I And parcels of tinned JDKZ geneva, sugar, Feast's mustard, brandy a raisins, figs, and sundries. Terms-Cash.___u """ SATURDAY, MAY 16. M'Combe's Mart, 26 Collins-street west Weekly Book Sale. JOHN M'COMBE, auctioneer of »'«^RPJSrf and works connected with the fine arts, I see by AUCTION, on Saturday, May 10, 2 ""2 o'clock, Books I Engravings Maps Paintings Albums TïïSiï&ESmttmfh;» librar, crimean. r.ls^nesTendy on Friday, when the concerts u rj be v fu'. Sen, Can. 