SOUTH AUSTRALIA. j ADELAIDE, 15th September. Large sales of wheat took place to-day at 5s 9d per bushel. Flour remains .without alteration. The Havilah will sail on Friday for Melbourne. Thc military stationed here, are under orders for New Zealand. The Hoads and Bridges Bonds Bill, which was introduced by the Hon. the Chief Secretary and which proposed to raise £40,000 by the issue of bonds at 6 per cent, (such money to be spent in the construction of roads and bridges), has been thrown out. The Ministry will not, however, resign. 16th September. Wheat hos been sold to-day at 5s 9d and 5s lOd per bushel. Flour is dui], and there have been na sales to report. The first levee of his Excellency Sir C. H. Darling was held on Wednesday, at the Exhibition Building. There is nothing new to describe in the manner ol arrangements of the day. His Excellency, punctua to time, arrived at the Exhibition Building a fev minutes past three o'clock, escorted ky a troop of thi Prince of Wales V. L. Horse. A guard of honor consisting of fifty rank and file of the Royal Artillery was drawn up in front of the chief entrance. Not withstanding the showers of rain there was a consi derable number of spectators, and shortly after th appointed time the main streets and others wer filled with carriages, and cabs, &c.; Altogether th levee may be pronounced to be as successful a could be desired, the attendance being moi numerous than on any like occasion. The officei and members of the University, the military ax thorities, ministers, ex-ministers, members of parli: ment, their honors the judges, ministers of religio] merchants, laity, councillors with their worth mayor, and a nondescript crowd of nobodies made u a presentable group that must to some extent bai surprised our new governor. Addresses were pr scated by Dean Macartney from the clergymen the Church of England, and by Mr J. B. Wei Danish Consul, on behalf of the foreign consuls Victoria. Among tbe conspicuous persons prese was Mr O'shanassy, and among the conspicuo persons absaut was the Roman Catholic Bishop 1 Goold. The oath of office taken the other day i eludes the oath relating to Protestant supremal and is understood to have given offence. At abo quarter past four o'clock his Excellency withdn and returned to his residence in CollinB street ea escorted by the Light Cavalry." Tbe long talked of telegraph line from Melbour to Sale and thence to Fort Albert, is at last to begun (writes our Melbourne1 correspondent). 1 contract has been tendered for, and the tender i cepted, and the survey will be started simultanean at both ends. It is understood that the contri surveyors will make a commencement of their wc before the end of next week, and will complete whole survey in from two to three months. Thomas Smith alias Vowels, and Wm. Barton alias Phillips alias Mason, two escaped convicts from Western Australia, were sentenced at tho C Police Court, Melbourne, on Wednesday, to six months' imprisonment each, for having in their possession housebreaking implements. They were also remanded on a charge of housebreaking. At the Melbourne Criminal Sessions, on Wcdi day, John Robinson pleaded guilty to a charg stealing harness. He was sentenced to twi months' penal servitude on the roads, cumulai to two years for a punishment awarded 1 for a previous offence. Peter Kinnon plea guilty to a charge of assault and robbery from the person of Mr Slack, a storekeeper, resit at tbe Blue Mountain rush, who was at the time the road from that place to Daylesford, with f £300 to £400 worth of gold. Patrick Cain, associate of Robinson, pleaded not guilty, but found guilty by the jury. Sentence was déferre the following day. IMMIGRANT SPECIMENS.- Mr Carter, cordwai of Fryerstown, some time ago advertised thal was in want of twenty professors of the art mystery of bootmaking, of the species " Worn Men"-which means men who have made the rn; facture of leather casings for the female foot au ject of special study. Apparently there were t in the colony who had graduated in this uu branch cf science, for his advertisement, thc from its novelty it attracted unusual attention, ft to elieit a single answer. Urgently requiring particular kind of labor, he sought the aid of Castlemaine Sub-Treasurer, Mr Panton, who as tainedthatapair of Iherara ore« hadrccently reai Melbourne, and were in the Immigration depot, \ ing employment. Mr Carter at once placed himse communication withtheproperauthorityatthe d< and oa Wednesday evening last two men, na Kerr and Cleary, presented themselves at his s They had been forwarded free by railway from depot to Castlemaine, where thsir wives, their < dren, and their luggage were awaiting the meat transmission to Fryerstown. Mr Carter, not wi to be outdone by Government in rendering as ance to immigrants, put a horse to a cart, trav in to the station, and the same evening, and at own cost, conveyed the fjmilits and the proper the men to the scene of their future labors. An acquainted with the condition of the seven mil so-called lt road" between Castlemaine and Fr; town, will be able to appreciate the energy and 1 ness shown by Mr Carter, especially when they ' that the journey was performed at night, flip \ not reaching their destination until twe Thursday morning. The men entered an agreement to work for Mr Carter fe: period of twelve months, at a rate of v, equal to £2 per week for each. Work .ras ( out to them, and so they commenced their co career. One would imagine that this was what would regard as a pretty favorable start. To with wives and families-they have fonr j children between them-who have been assiste ! of a condition of absolute poverty, and plac little cost of their own in possession of the mee earning £2 a week each for twelve months, more than a probability of continuing in the em ment, the opportunity might reasonably ha« peared a good one. Bot Messrs Kerr and Clear "great expectations;" and, acting either on . «rn foolish notions, or guided by the mitchi counsel of others, they briefly intimated to employer that their "wage" was insuflC and that they would not hold to their agree We are assured by Mr Carter that the rate o he consented to give them is one hundred per higher than is paid in England for the worl have to do; but they want that difference do and they announced their intention of not gob yond the work in hand unless their demand Í increase of wages is complied with. We trusi Mr Carter, in charity to these mistaken or misf men, will not assent to their demand, but t will enforce the fulfilment of the agreement. T months hence they will be wiser than they arc they will know how to appreciate the folly o duct, unjust in itself, and tbe consequence of would be utter destitution in what is yet to ti land of strangers-destitution that will not con the «lightest sympathy from those who know might have been avoided.-Jf. A. Mail, 16th S RETURN OP GOLD EXTORTED PROM NEW LAND.-A return of gold exported from Zealand for the three mouths ended 30th June last, is published in Thursday'i Zealand Gazette. From Auckland the amt 2.1730Z, and value£6756; from Nelson and 1 ton, 2027 oz, value, £7853; from Wellington, din, and Iuvercaigil), 161,573 oz. value £6: Total quantity, 165,773 oz, total value, £6i The gold exported by Lyttelton was 13 oz, tl duce of the Nelson gold fields; the gold expoi Wellington was 25 oz, the produce of the gold fields; and that exported from Invercarg 6169 oz, also the produce of the Otago gold The total amount of gold exported from Au «pto 30th June is 4691 ox, valued at £l,50i total of all the gold exported from New Zea m,W9?, raine ai £tyi9tW.SWhtm Cr* 