TELEGRAPHIC NEWS. VICTORIA. From our own. Corresriondent. ( Melbourne. June 13. Plans have been submitted to Government for a graving deck at Williamstown, according to Clark's patent. [From the Telegraph.\ The Telegraphic Superintendent's report has been tabled in the Assembly relative to the pro posed communication with. England via India. He repeats ins former favourable opinion of Gis- ■ borne's proposition,, and, in the absence of direct communications, recommends extension of the j lines to Sang George's Souud, thus placing the ! colonies within IS to 21 days of England after 1 completion of the Bagdad and Kurrachee line, j He estimates the minimum cost at £120,000. He argues with Mr. Todd that all Government messages should be paid for. Iu the Assembly Mr. Thomas loader baa given notioe that he will wore for a Select Committee to enquire into the propriety of ] having Melbourne declared a free port. A pamphlet purporting to expose tbe Wroeitcs' practices bas been published, but tbe respectable booksellers refuse to sell it, as it is too disgusting. [From our own Correspondent.! \- Melbourne. June 15. The tenders were opened for the 10,000 ! shares in the National Bank; 4,916 were applied for at the limit fixed, and 6,431 below it. The balance will be open to. be tendered for on the 22nd instant. Shares have been sold at £4 15s. on the Stock Exchange. The news by the mail has created a disposi tion to buy, as shipments are smaller than was expected. In candles, gin, and oats a con siderable business is expected after delivery of I letters. There is no old torn, and the price j is rising. . | The Brighten Bailway Company's property.! is sequestrated. The Official Assignee is in I possession for the Melbourne Bailway Com pany. An offer of £235,000 cash for the j property has been refused ; the Company ask 1 £250,000, and are likely to get it. The Alhambra has arrived from Otago, and reports the arrival of the Prince Alfred steamer there, 19 days from Adelaide. The rivers are high. The escorts are 3mall. The Phoebe, steamer, from the Clyde, has arrived. The country Press generally is against Ministers. Melbourne, June 16. Tbe Bombay bas arrived, and sailed for Sydney at 3 p.m. Colonel Farquharson, TJsher of the Black Bod, died last night. His health bad long been failing. Tbe Council adjourned in con sequence of his decease. A sentence of death has been recorded against Patrick Gleesou for the murder of one Hennaham. The defence was that the de ceased was the paramour of the prisoner's wife. The weather is fine, with occasional gentle Tains. Tbe Omeo bas sailed for Hew Zealand. I From the Telegraph.J The Medical Society have advertised a meeting - to consider the motion of Mr. O'Shanassy to compel civil servants to obtain a certificate only from the Chief Medical Officer before obtaining sick leave. Tbe Bombay reached the Heads at 7.40 a.m. Commercial.— notwithstanding favourable advices, the markets remain quiet. Dealers are disinclined to operate in tbe absence of j specific details. Butter is active; 700 firkins changed bauds at Is. 3d. to Is. 3fd. Bin good malt, to land, 8s. 9J. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, June 17. Tbe Immigration Bill was read a third time in the Council. Mr. Anderson bas given notice in the Assembly that he will enquire whether the wrecks which have occurred at Cape Bridge water were occasioned by the want of a light; and, if so, that he will move that a lighthouse be erected. The Governor's Salary Bill has been read a third time. Notice of motion has been given by Mr. Brooke condemnatory of Ministers for tbe action taken by them with reference to pen sions. A petition bas been received by the Council I from cotton-spinners at Ashton- nnder-Lyne, asking assistance to enable them to emigrate. H.M.S. Esk, 26 guns, is coming to the Aus tralian station in addition to tbe Curacoa. Mr. William Lawraucc, corafactor, has called a meeting of hi« creditors. Tobacco is rising. Teas at auction have been well sustained. Melbourne, June 18. I; is rumoured that Duffy will resign, and the Government will accept of arbitration. There is a meeting of the Government arbi trators to-morrow. Sir Greville Smythe, Captain Paul], and Mr. Taylor, per Bombay, have come a kangaroo hunting. Colonel Farquharson was buried to-day. There was a large turn-out of volunteers. A nugget, 11 pounds weight, has been fonnd at Bendlgo. The miners are buying claims on Glass's property. The case of Dill v. Murphy is to be heard by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council ,in July. The counsel for the plaintiff are Bovill, K&relake;, Garth, and Campbell; for the defendant, Cairns and Palmer. Business is dull. T'lie large arrivals last week have cheeked the disposition to speculate* Escorts, 32,718 ounces. Arrived—The Yorkshire, from London, and the Hope, from Liverpool. I From the 2'elegraph. J The new Gjvcrnor is expected to arrive in two or three months. Another Anti- Wroeifc meeting was held last night. The proceedings were similar to the last. The hall was crowded. Exchange on London is raised one-half per cert. The Coorong arrived at 1 o'clock to-day. Private advices from China say tea crops are of high quality, but it is doubtful if quantity is up to the average. . [From our own Correspondent. J ■ Melbourne, 3 une 18. The Coorong hs9 ariived. The schooner Despatch, from Warraambool for Adelaide, with potatoes, put into Portland, leaky. She will have to discharge. The anti-Wtoeite pamphlet has been seized, and the printer committed for trial. Milton and Stewart are to be indie'ed by the Attorney General. There was a riot to-day at Sandhurst. The navvies from Castemame are endeavouring to prevent the contractors* men working at 10s. and 8s. day, and they attempted to destroy the plant. The luspeetor of Police was struck on. the head with a stone, but the mob was dis persed. Bo arrests were made. Melbourne, J une 19. Damage to the amount of £500 has been done to the railway plant by tne rioters at Sandhurst, There is a new rush at the Seven-Mile Hut, Bendigo. An important application has been made to the Supreme Court to sequestrate the estate of a person absent trom the colony. Judge Moleswortb has reserved his.decision. The Coorong sails to morrow. The ship Julia Farmer, with alpacas,, is not expected till the end of July. Melbourne, June 19,10 p.m. The Trading Company's Bill has passed through Committee. Mr. Duffy lias delivered an able speech on the Land Bill. He commenced speaking at half-past 7 and finished at a quarter-past 9. It is expected that the debate will be adjpnmed. There is a large ^tendance of members, and the galleries are crowded. There is also a great crowd outside the House. The Pastoral Arbitrators have asked for a Committee in the Assembly to investigate Mr. Daffy's charges against them. There have been large speculations in currants. The market is ucarly cleared. There ■ were none to be had in the afternoon under 5£d.» duty paid. William Lawrence's estate is to be wound up under assignment. The liabilities, are from £14,000 to £15,000; assets about £7,009, Melbourne, J line 19,11 p.m. The Ministry are defeated" by a majority of 16, the numbers being 26 and 42. [From the 2deffrapk.1. The Argns advocates «.ue appointment of paid chaplains, other than of the Church of England, to enable prisoners to receive in struction from ministers of their own com- ~ munioa, in imitaiion of the English system. The Bank of Australasia intend appealing to the Privy Council against the decision of the Supreme Court here, admitting Flower, Salting, & Co. to prove a debt of £53,000 in Butlbdge's estate. Another dividend in the Provident Institute of 2a. 6d. is payable. Commercial.—Markets quiet. Home advices not affected trade so much as ms expected. A sale has been made of 2,500 bushels superior oats at 5s. 3d,, terms, A shipment of 5,000 bushels fine Danish oats sold at <t shade less. Tobacco active. A sale is reported of200 cases i tens; halves at an advance. Flour heavy. Exchange on London raised. Banks now sell at 11 premium, 60 days' sight, and buy at i premium. Gold has advanced 5d. per standards 