NEWS AND NOTES. At Staffordshire Reef, on Saturday, the district coroner held an inquest on the body of Maria Mills, who, according to the evidence and the verdict of the jury, died on thc night previous, the said death being caused by serous apoplexy arising from natural causes. Joseph Shepherd deposed- That the deceased had been living and cohabiting with him for the last four years. She had not been living with her husband for five years, being left penniless at Clunes. Her husband took their child away with him. The deceased was forty-two years of age and of a delicate constitution. On the day previous wit- ness went home at five o'clock in the evening and told the deceased to prepare his supper. He left the house and returned again at about nine o'clock in company with Mary Ann Mills. The latter had not been on good terms with the deceased for seven or eight months past, and witness persuaded her to go to his house and make friends with the deceased. When they went in the deceased was in bed, but got up and seemed to be well pleased at Mary Ann Mills coming to see her. Being wet, deceased as- cisted in undressing her friend, taking her into her own bed. Witness sat up until Mr and Mrs Francis, who had called in, left, and then went into the bed where the deceased and Mary Ann Mills were. The deceased lay between Mary Ann Mills and the witness. About an hour after the witness had been in bed, Mary Ann Mills awoke, saying she was very cold, and asked what was tbe matter with deceased. Witness put his hand upon deceased's breast, and replied "Oh, she is right enough." The woman said "Oh no, she is not." He then felt the arms of the deceased which were very cold, and on putting his cheek to her mouth found that she was not breathing. They both then immediately got up, witness running off to Mr and Mrs Francis, then to Mr Greaves, and subsequently for the doctor. Deceased showed no indications of life from the time witness left the house, and on the doctor's arrival she was pronounced to be quite dead. Mr William Griffiths, surgeon, of Monkey Gully, gave the medical evidence. It has transpired since, that the deceased and her husband formerly held, the situa- tions of master and matron to the Immigration depot at Melbourne, and kept the Belle Vue Hotel, Geelong, some ten years ago. The question was raised in the Court of Mines yesterday whether a company reorganising was identical with the company prior to the reorganisa- tion, or whether the act of reorganisation consti- tuted the company a new company. The question arose upon an application, by a shareholder in the Unicorn Company before its organisation under Pyke's Act, for a winding up of the "old company" and a decree of contribution, as the applicant had been sued for debts due by the old company. The matter was not fully argued, and a decree was made by consent upon an amended plaint for accounts to be taken up to date as for one company. A commanding officer's parade of the RifleCorps will take place this evening. It transpired in the Court of Mines yesterday, that Mr Davidson, the manager appointed in the suit between the Extended and Band of Hope and Koh-i-noor Companies, had not been paid his salary and could not get it. His Honor commented strongly upon the apparent dishonesty of the parties who had to pay the manager, and said that the solicitors in the suit were bound to see good faith kept with the Court and its officer, or they would be implicated in the dishonesty. The Confederate run on the Eureka has come to life again after being some time under a cloud. The erection of machinery and execution of certain attendant works have kept the company out of the gutter ground for some time, but operations have been resumed, and one machine of dirt has yielded 30 oz of gold. The Otago papers report the election of Mr George Brodie, who formerly represented Mandurang in the Legislative Assembly of this colony, as one of the first gold fields members elected to theParliament of Otago. At about half-past three o'clock on Sunday morn- ing, an impudent robbery was effected at the works of the Redan Company, Linton. Our local corres- pondent states that some members of the company were on the watch, as, in consequence of their hav- ing been robbed many times, it was decided to make a descent on the thieves. Two Chinamen named An Goon and Ah Foo slipped quietly up to the washing apparatus and plied their brushes and tin dishes. The men on watch, after a short time had elapsed, rushed out. One Chinaman rolled down the mound of dirt, and the other fell into the sludge pit. The latter was got out. Both were secured together by their pigtails and marched to the camp. On looking into their dishes, 7 dwts of gold were found. They will be brought up at the Police Court on Wednes- day. The neighborhood of Sebastopol, which has long had a very bare appearance in consequence of the destruction of every one of the numerous trees that once adorned the locality, is in a very fair way of being supplied with, to that locality, a new and not verry welcome kind of vegetation. For along dis- tance on both sides of the creek thistles are flourish- ing in large numbers and "the winged seeds" are now borne to a l ong distance by the wind. Thistles may be seen in full bloom, going to seed, and just ?sprouting up above the surface, and it is quite certain that, unless some very energetic measures are at once taken, the ranges will be very soon covered with them. Indeed, solitary specimens of this plant may be discovered as far up as the BRedan, and every breath of wind sends the seeds further and further afield. It is somewhat curious that in this locality bushes have not sprung np, as is usual when trees are cut down, but the thistles seem likely to fully compensate for the absence of other kinds of vege- tation. In reference to the dispute between the Working Miners and Nelson Companies as to the proposed change of boundaries, between the parties, the Judge of the Court of Mines intimated yesterday that in all probability he would reserve the ques- tion for the Supreme Court after the hearing of the appeal from the Warden's decision in the dispute. The Rev. Mr Russell, of Buninyong, con- ducted the service on Sunday evening in St Paul's Church, Linton. He has announced that a Mr Loste is to reside as lay reader in the late Mr Mackie's place, who has retired to the Ovens district. Our local correspondent communicates the follow- ing items of intelligence:- Mr Gubbins, of the Im- perial Hotel, Clunes, had a horse, a spring cart, and three saddles stolen from his place last Saturday evening. John Bolton and William Wright were arrested on suspicion by Detective Hodson and Con- stable Free, near Daylesford, on Sunday last.- On Saturday Detective Hudson recovered, from near the Belfast Hotel, a spring cart and harness that had been stolen from the Western Hotel, Ballarat, some time since.-A man of the name of Robert Bracken (brother of the late Sergeant-Major of the Police Force), received some severe wounds on the head during a drunken row last Sunday night at the store of a man named Cox, at Smeaton.- On Sunday an inquest was held by tbe District Coroner on the body of Ah Fun. Dr Daniel made a post mortem examination, and found gangrene of the liver and bowels. He considered that death was accelerated by want of medical attendance. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the evidence.- On the same day the Coroner held another inquest, at Cobblers Gully, on the body of James Borley, who died after a short illness. Dr Steel made a post mortem examination, and found that the cause of death was the effusion of serum into the chest, the result of pleuritis. Intemperance would have ac- celerated death. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. An effort is about being made in Ballarat East to revive the question of paying the Chairman of the Council. On Tuesday evening, Cr Steinfeld pre- sented to the Council a notification from twenty or more ratepayers that they would move at the annual meeting for the election of Councillors, that the chairman be paid a yearly salary, as a remu- neration for his trouble in connexion with the busi- ness of the municipality. We understand that some enterprising gentlemen in the Learmonth district contemplate the erection of an extensive brewery at Learmonth. A public meeting will probably be called on an early day for the purpose of forming a joint-stock company to carry out the project. We have been requested by the secretary of the Ballarat Road Board to correct an error in the report of the last meeting of the Board. The col- lector then appointed for the Turf Tollgate was Mr Robert Dalgleish, not Mr John Dalgleish, as stated in the report. Cr Dodds gave notice of a motion at a meeting of the Eastern Council on Tuesday, in favor of the ex- tension of the row of trees planted on the Melbourne Road, an example that might perhaps, with advant- age, be followed by the Western Council, so far as Sturt street is concerned. The funds of the Ballarat Lodge of Oddfellows are invested in securities at 12 per cent interest, and not at 4 per cent, as one of the speakers at the dinner in the Societies Hall, on Monday, was under- stood to say. There may now be seen in the store of Mr Kerr, Armstrong street, a very handsome chimney-piece, manufactured from marble taken from Mr Shanklin's marble quarry at Geelong. At the Eastern Council, on Tuesday, Cr Steinfeld gare notice that, at the next meeting, he would move that the number of gas lamps within the municipality be increased. At Smythesdale, on Tuesday, Ellen Hart, an ald offender against the laws of decorum, was brought before the Police Magistrate on the charge of using obscene language in a public place, and fined £10, or in default, two months' imprisonment. The amount of gold despatched by escort from Smythesdale on Tuesday, was 1905 oz 10 dwt. A letter was received from the Office of Public Works on Tuesday, intimating to the Eastern Council that the Commissioner would this day receive a de- putation from the Council relative to the extension of the storm-water channels. The Council deputed the Chairman to wait on the Commissioner on the subject. The nomination of candidates to fill the seats in the Smythesdale Municipal Council, vacant by the retirement by rotation of Councillors Veitch, Stod- dart, and Robertson, will take place this day, at Stoddart's Nugget Hotel. Of the three retiring members, Councillor Robertson offers himself for re-election. The other candidates for municipal honors are Messrs Paton, Price, Vale, and Harris. The election will come off on the following day. At the Castlemaine Circuit Court on Monday, before his Honor the Chief Justice, Aaron Charlton and William Lewis were charged with robbery in company. The prosecutrix was a widow, named Johnson, who keeps a store at Mount Pleasant, which the prisoners gained admission to about two o'clock on the morning of the 5th March last, and, afte obtaining refreshments, robbed, one of the men threatening to shoot the prosecutrix. The jury re- tamed a verdict of guilty, but recommended Lewis to mercy, on the ground that he had been the means of saving the life of the prosecutrix. His Honor quite agreed in the recommendation of the jury, but looked on these offences in company, as of the most grave character; in the present case the prisoners had gone to the house of a lone widow, and it was very fortunate murder had not resulted. He sen- tenced Charlton to six years' hard labor on the roads, and Lewis to three years'. An advertisement will be found in another column from the Railway Department, notifying certain changes in the times of arrival and departure of trains on the Victorian Railways. In our recent report of the Durham Lead claims, we inadvertantly attributed to the Koh-i-toor claim, instead of to the Chryseis, the facts that the rock is particularly dense, and that the cost of sinking had been £6 12s inclusive of timber. The Koh-i-toor Com- pany has no rock yet. The Eight Hours' Anniversary Committee met at Dunk's Hotel on Tuesday isenmg, to wind up the accounts connected with the Gala Day. The busi- ness transacted was unimportant. The Committee expects that there will be a small balance in hand after paying all expenses. On Tuesday a woman named Bridget Bannon was arrested by the Police on the charge of stealing 6s from a man named James Quinn. On Taèsday Detective Officer Hyland arrested a ; man named John Cassidy on the charge of stealing on the 4th of Joly, 1859, a steer, «he property of Henry Barnwell, of Bongaree. ; -s ¿ "Al themeetingof the FootWlClabonTnesdsy night it ww resolved not to accept the challenge {marthe Geelong Clabto play a caine of football on the Queen's Birthday, es several members of the Ballarat Club, wno are members of the local "volun teer Corps, aili -be absent that day in Melbourne at Jte review. - ."-, The contractors for the ceiling of the hall of the Mechanics* institute are already in possession, and preliminary operations hare been begun. The tender of Messrs Seefeyana Bradbury hm» been accepted for the repairs and additions, to be made to the Bank of Australasia premises; under the direction cf the architect, Mr Terry. The con tract is for £3370 odd. - At the Scarsdale Police Court on Tuesday, the following civil causes were brought on for hear ing, and dealt "with as indicated :-Smith v Stephens, £16 10s, goods, Mr Stedman for the plaintiff; case struck ont. Harold Selwyn Smith, manager of the Mew Gonuni Gold Mining - Company r Davis, £10, calls, Mr Stoker for -tile plaintiffs order for the amount Same r Jackson, calls, Mr Stoker, for the plaintiff, applied for a post ponement for the production of a certified copy of calls; postponed fin-a week.. Martin r WuusñV son, £21 3s ld, goods, Mr Stedman for the plain tiff. Mr Stoker, faythe defendant, said the case Was ont of court, the amount sued for being over £20. Mr Stedman offered to abandon the excess, but tbs Bench struck the case but. Police v Bead,'for abandoning his 'licensed public house known as the Cherry Tree Hotel, at Monkey Gully. Case dis-' missed. Stedman v Salo, £1 ls, work ; order fer - tile amount and fis costs. Same r Steel, il ls work; order for the amount end fis costs. Munici pal Council of Browns and Scarsdale v Finlay, 15s, J rates, Mi Stedman for the plaintiffs ; order for dis- j tress warrant to issue. Same v Dickson, 15s, rates; . a similar order. Same r Kendall, si 10s, Tates; a 1 Huflar order. Same v Waters, 9s, rates; a similar order. Same r Taylor, 18s, rates; a aimil ar order, < Same v O'Conor, £7.10s, rates; a similar order Same v Newman, £6 15s, rates; a similar order; \ Same v Warden, SS, rates; a similar order. Same v Donaldson, £l 10s, rates; case struck out. Same' j v Teerkamp, £110s, rates; order for distress war- j rant to issue. Same v Dixon, 10s 6d, rates; a simi- j lar order. Same v Patterson, £1 ivs, Tates; a simi- j lar order, hame y Noonan, 15s, rates; a similar j order. - | The first of a course of four lectures on Astronomy ; was delivered at the Mechanics* Institute on Tues day evening by the Ber. Mr Jarrett, late of Melbourne and now of Daylesford. The Bev. Mr Henderson presided on the occasion. The syllabus of the course has been published, but the lecturer stated last evening that his first lecture would treat of the earth in its relation to the solar system; his second of astronomical instruments, of the principles of angular 'n^tsauxements, and of the sun and-moon ¿n Jthoir relation^ tte-earth and each other; his third of the planets; his fourth- of comets, meteors, and the fixed stars. The lecturer' then proceeded to point out how the spherical shape of the earth was ascertained, bow its motion was demonstrated, and how the laws ot gravity and weight were worked out. He glanced at the right theories of Armenian der and Pythagoras as to the earth's motion, and the wrong notions of the Peripalitici as to the value of the (órele and its relation to nature. The Ptolemaic system of circular orbits, and the epicycles of - Tycho Brahe were alluded to, the meritorious patience of the Danish I astronomer during thirty years of experiment and I observation peing of great value to Kepler BB leading to and confirming that master's most bril liant discoveries. Copernicus, bowerer, first broke through the figments of the Aristotelian school, and Kepler demonstrated the real orhitual motions of the solar system. The lecturer had provided dia grams in illustration of his discourse, but they were too small to be of any raine exceptio persons occu pying front seats. If some good large drawings, no matter how rude or rough, were prepared for the re mainder of the course great additional interest would be given to a subject at all times engrossing and one which the rer. lecturer has evidently familiarised himself with in detail. Mr Jarrett re gretted the absence of a cone with which to illus trate the relation of the conic sections to the move meats of the heavenly bodies, but be will no doubt supply that much needed item at bis next ¡discourse. The next lecture will be delivered on Thursday evening. Mrs Gill's benefit at the Theatre Boyal last night was a bumper, and showed bow well that lady has made herself to be esteemed during a somewhat j protracted engagement at this house. The re-ap- | pearance, too, of Miss Aitken and Mr Bellair, was of course a considerable attraction; and their acting as Lucy Ashton and Caleb Báldenteme respectively, evidently gratified the large and by no means nn [ demonstrative audience. The programme comprised " The Bride of Lammermoor," followed by the farce, " The Widow's Victim," and both pieces were well cast and well played. We hare not space to men tion details, bnt may say that the performances were a gratifying success alike, no doubt, to the company and the beneficiare. This evening « Timon of Athens" will be played " for tbe last time," and those who have not witnessed thc:production of this classical drama should embrace the opportunity. Thc operatic drama of " Hate Kearney; or, the ! Fairy of the Lakes of Killarney, " was I produced at the Charlie Napier Theatre on Tuesday ereaiucr. The Misses Howson tus I tained the main portion of the vocalization with their accustomed sweetness and success, I and were repeatedly applauded. This evening Bel I lints charming opera, ".La Sonnambula," is to be produced. On Thursday Mr Edward Cantor is to i take his benefit. THE PaovmEKx INSTITUTE.-Mr John Porter, late I managing director of the Provident Institute, sus tained another long examination in the Insolvent i Court yesterday. The matters referred to were, first, a sum entered in the books of the Prorident Insti tute as £973, advanced by Mr Porter to Messrs Hancock and Sewell, on account of a .. steam-angina. In orplsnatiön*örtbis, he stated, in opposition to the evidence given by Mr Hancock on a preceding day, that £300 of the total amount was au adventure on the part of the institute no entty whatever repre senting the transaction in the books; and that he never saw the engine, nor had possession of it, nor even a storekeeper's warrant. He also admitted that there was no record of the fact, that the board ever recognised or authorised the act, though he believed it was entered among the "loans secured.*' He was also minutely examined as to an advance of £500 made to Mr Chambers on his owa responsibility, and also of an advance of £1011 made by himself to himself, security for which was contained in some deeds placed by himself in the safe of the institute, without any mention of the matter being made in the books.. Other «maller matters were also gone into; and the examination was adjourned till Wed nesday nert.-Argta, 28th ApriL THB COPPER Comaaa.-A proposal has been issued for the formation of an association of traders, who shall issue a certain quantity of guaranteed copper tokens, to meet the want ot copper coin. It is proposed that each subscriber shall issue ¿10 worth of these tokens, which are to be* of the full weight and value of the imperial penny, and that all these tokens shall bear on tue one side a certain de ango, and on the other the same of «ne of the guar anteeing firms. These tokens are to be taken in payment by all the subscribers, «td au office of ex cvaArefbrlthemft We fear the cost of t^ coinage would/be more titan ito profit, or the convenience of the public would bear. It will be better, perhaps, to n wait the arrival of copper coin from England-of which, by die way, a large quan tity iuw been imported within the last few days. Aryw.SSth AprU. 