REVIEW OF THE IIARRETS. (From ■ the Melbourne Journal of Comifiercr. 'i ; The import market is again inanimate: the slight "■■■ improvement noted in last week's issue Ins scarcely been maintained, even for articles favorably in . fluenccdjhy.thc mail, while for all others tiro <lc-. anand has been exceedingly languid, and prices -> generally in faTor of the buyer in the small sales effected. , ^ in the floor market prices are well supported, with a tendency to higher rates. Wheat has been in good demand, and prime milling parcels have ■ b*en placed at fuller nnd even rather higher rates. Hams and bacon have farther declined in value. Butter hfls'becn in but small demand and prices are lower. The improved feeling in regard to mult has been quite checked by the English advices Bice has been sold at lower rates. The sagur market con tinues very depressed. A good business has been • done in teas at full rates. Dried fruits bare been only in limited demand. Candles continue much " depressed, and the prices have been fart&er; reduced A speculative movement has taken place in blasting powder, and considerable sales have been effected. Tobacco continues in fdvor; a large parcel offered at j public sale was readily disposed of at full rates, i The limber trade continues very dull. Bulk beer I is without improvement Brandy has been sold at! • lower rates, aud the wine and spirit trade generally ■ isverydolL The returns of the Immigration and Emigration : by sea for the month of June show a considerable increase of population from this source, the arrivals | namberii»g-'4602, while the depar tires were only " 1638, the balance being in favor of the colony to the • extent of 3024 persons. The .increase is almost entirely from' tho United Kingdom, the arrivals j from British ports amounting to 3*236, while the I departures to the same only numbered 269, leaving | • a balance of no fewer than 2967 persons in favor of; Victoria. The symptoms of a renewed considerable emigration from England to tbis colony a. e looked upon with great favor, as it is now felt by all parties \- that a xnuqh greater number of immigrants than we can at all expect would be readily absorbed, with ad- j vantage both to themselves and to the onward pro gress of the colony. Messrs Gol 'sbrou;h and Co. report the sale of the "VVarbreccan Station, on the Edward Biver, • N.S.W., with 22,141 sheep, 636 cattle and 40 horses, for the sum of irlO.OOO cash—the improvements being given in: and the Niajiaroon Station, on the \- Goulburn, with 3000 sheep, for the sum of JL3000, usual terms. There has not been any large amount of business done in the Stock and Sbare Market doring the \- past week, and prices have given way in one or two , . instances, from lack of the usual support from j \- buyers. Daring the next fortnight several important | • institutions bold meetings, and, in more than cue or \- two instances, v«-ry satisfactory statements will be ■ submitted to the shareholders. -Ale and Porter: The ordinary trade demand for \- bulk ales continues reiy restricted, but the low • ■ prices ruling foT some of the best brands have in* \- duced several rather large speculative purchases. In " - trade lets, Carlisle Company's baa been sold at L? \- Ids, Marxian's at L7 10s to L7 I2s Gd, Allsopp'a at J,7 to 1.7 5s.--'- Some large parcels of AUsopp's and 1 ■ Bass' have /•been placed at prices not disclosed. • Joule's and Xh'cL, Coope and Co's light ato are held' • for L8. Jnd/Coope and Co's No 3 has been Quitted • at less money. Colonial Company's sells at L7 to » 1*7 10s. Scotch ales have been placed at LC 10s to ~ !LG 12s 6d per hhd. Balk stoat is in ordinary trade ' request, and 'unchanged in value, Taylor, "Walker, and Co's bririgs*L7 3s to J-7 7s 6d, and Whitbread's : - Jj7 2s Gd.to L7 ds per hhd for small trade lots. For ■ • bottled ale the demand is very limited. Best brands " in good condition still command 10s to 10s 3d per doc; JonleV/Colonial Company's, and Younger's ' - sell at from Os to 9s Gd, inferior brands at from 8s :*6d to 9s per per dozl Bottled stout is also in small • - inquiry.H. White and Co's sells at 10s 3d perdoz ; Edmonds' pig brand is scarce, and worth JOs 6d r tolOsQd; Machin'sis worth 0a 9d; Dnnpby'sOs 3d to 9s 6d; and Byass' and Hibbert's, 9s 3d " per doz. " • Bacon and Hams: The restricted demand which • bas prevailed, daring the last three weeks has further : affected the value of these articles, and prices have • again given way; , Sinclair's and Coey's being now offered at Is 3d per lb for Hams, and Is 2d per lb r-for bacon. Cumberland hams are offered at Is 2d per id. " Begs and Woolpaeks: There is no change to not-! " in the ralae of corn sacks, which meet a very limited ' sale at I7s 6d to I8s per dozen. The late advance : in the price of woolpaeks has checked the demand, bnjers being willing to wait rather than pay the rates asked. Holders are firm at 5s 6d for fall weights. Damaged were sold at 4* Cd. " Batter: The tendency to improvement in the ralae of this article, not'd last week, has been en tirely lost, and prices close a shade lower, 14d per lb being now the fall valoe; some parcels of irregu lar quality being pressed on the market has been the -principal cause.of the decline; thv demand is also at present rather limited. Candles: This market continues greatly depreas-d, and prices have farther given way. The Neva Com pany have reduced their quotation to 12d per lb, aud Belmonts do not reulise more tban ll$d to II$J. Considerable parcels of damaged still continue to be forced of? at auction at very low rates, and almost entirely supply the limited trade demand. Cement: Por;land Cement is a shade easier, and cannot be quoted more tban 23s to 24s per barn-1 American Plaster is in increased supply, and is not now saleable over 22s to 22s Gd per barrel. Roman Cement neglected. Cheese: Tber" is still a fair trade demand for \- fine qualities of-North Wilts at from Is 2£d to Is 2d 'per lb, and Danlop Is OJd to Is Id per lb. Chemicals: There is very little doing in these articles, and prices generally may be considered nominal. Our quotations are for Caustic Soda L19 to L20 per ton. Soda Ash LlOper'on. Flour of Sulphur L20 to L22 per ton. Carbonate of Sod*2Is perewt; and Soda Crystals IB I5s per ton; this latter is in fair trade demand. Coffee and Chicory: Plantation coffee has been in moderate trade demand at lid per lb. Native bas declined in value, beiu.' now offered at 9£d to lOd per lb. Java is held for IOd to IGjd erlb. chicory there is no alteration in valu *, 4d per lb being the ruling quotation, bat the demand is wery limited. ' Cordage: Manila rope continues in very limited demand and without change in valae, assorted sizes in trade parcels realizing 1.47 to L49 per ton Europe, Li8 per ton. Seaming twine, 14jd to IOd per lb. Pish: Ling is still out of the market Herrings are without alteration in value, meeting a fair trade - demand at 27u to 28s per half-barrel, aud IQs per firkin. Bed herrings, at 34s per dozen tins. Sar dines are in slack demand at 9s Gd for halves, and 6s 9d for quarters; and I-lb salmon at 17s per dozen. Flour and Uraio: The improved feeling noted | with regard to Ibis marketiuour last issue, still con tinues, and although no advance has taken place in prices, sales have'been more readily effected, the trade being now more willing to'purchase than for some time past. .Qaotations remain at LI4 Ids per ton for Han's and Magarey's barrels, ordinary town made silk dressed Adelaide L14, and country brands Xild IOs per ton; wire dressed Adelaide L13 per ton, and Victoria silk dressed also L13 per ton. 'Wheat has been in improved demand, and holders have succeeded in obtaining the fall prices lately asked, soles of fine middling qualities of Adelaide wheat having been made at 6s per bushel, Tasma nian and Tictorion are worth As 3d to Ob Gd, and feeding qualities 4s 8d to 4s 9d per bushel. Barley has not been in much demand : malting 13 held for fis 9d to 6s per bushel, feeding 4s Gd per bushel. Fine colonial oats continue in good demand, and being still scarce, readily command 6s per bushel, inferior sample* bring 5s Oil per bushel. Of foreign oats, Danish of fine quality are worth fts, and Scotch and Irish 4s 9d per bushel; Calcutta, in second hands, have been sold at 4* lOd per bush 1 Bran has been sold at irregular rates, sales being qnoted at 13Jd to 14 Jd per bushel, it is now gene- 1 xally held for 14d to li^-1 per bnshel. .Maize is worth 4s 4d to 4s Gd for best qualities, inferior being quoted at 4s der bushel. Scotch oatmeal T£u I'm, and colonial L31 per ton. Fruits (Dried): Currants have been in moderate trade demand, and prices remain as last quoted, 6^1 per lb for trade parcels; oue considerable parcel was reported to have been sold in bond at somewhat under quoted value, hut tke exact price did not transpire. Sultana raisins are quoted 7£J to 8d per Ib. Elemes 7d, loose muscatel* Gd to 6£d, layers 6id to 9£d, and du"(sroall packages') 8Jd per lb. Figs t" 6£d per lb, dried apples (in bond) realised Gd per lb for shipment, jfo.' Hop<: This market continues iu the inanimate jj£*iatb noted for some time past. '62's of good quality B^irb worth Is 8.1 to Is iOd per lb. Shipments, r;.^though below previous months, are fully equal to the ^requirements of the market. The late improvement in value of this particle has been entirely lost in conse quence of the !£.?clirze shipments advised by the mail, and prices r£*-;«annot now be qnotod more than 8s Gd to 8s 9d yer ,^bushel. At these quo ations holders appear ££*>flrm, and it is not probable that prices will farther 'precede. .Metals and Hardware: Pig iron is held for L3 5£3&» to L3 10s per ton; the demand is very limited. !*^Heamatite is worth 1 0 £>s per ?on. Corrugated iron ^-%l. in better supply, and prices have delined about per too. Sheet It-nd is worth L29, and zinc j&]£li3() to L31 per ton. Sales of tin plates have been 'rfb'inade at 20 per cent advance. -5'" Oils: This market is very inanimate. Trade par ^ Celsof kerosene st'll command 3s 1 d to 3s 2d per s&jgallon; for Downer's and • ozen's brands, and 2s IOd H&rto; 2s lid for Oriental; but for a large parcel im s? porte i could not rennse more th-m 2s iOd for ^-•Downer's and Cr-z -n's Chinese is scarcer, no sales jg. are reported. I.ineeed is still held for Gs to 6s Gd, re. but only very sin nil trade sales cau be eff-cled at |. these prices. Castor brings G* p«*r gallon among the ^ trade the lot lately arrived ha* changed hands, hut the pric did n«>t iratisptre. Olive and Colza oils mrc quite nesl- ctcd '•'iiOilmen's Stores: Bottled fruits continue in good demand, and the late advance maintained, assorted ^-haviDg been placed at 13s Gd, and black currants at per doz-n. lib jams continue saleable at 12s ^ •perdozen. Batty"? pickles have been sold at 9s to ^U3l3;1 per dozen: other brands are worth fiotn 7s 9J 9s per dozen, v'■Powder; Speculative attention has at last beta frgWttd t<> WMtipg fowdfr, sad BRles of sediidti* tf: able parcels are reported, all At and oniler 7d per lb.T having been brought up. Holders now ask 7j'l per lb. :Kico:-This market continues exceedingly dnll; a ponion of the Adam Sedgwick's eargr was offered at auction by Messrs Fraser and Coben, but bad to be passed in, only a small lot bciog quitted at L3I Ids per ton. Salt: The market for this article continues also much depressed, scarcely any transactions being reported; and the lane shipments advised prevent any hope of immediate improvement. Course is nominal atJJ) £3 per ton; fioe sells at Li J£>9 to , L5 per ton. Sugar: I here is no improvement to note in ihi6 staple the business done having been unimportant and without leading to any change in values. Tea: There has bern a fair trade demand ihroucb* oat the week for medium qualities of congous at fall and rather improving rates, ami there is even rather more inquuj for the finer qualities, which have been hitherto neglected. Timber: This market continues very depressed. The deals ex Woden, offered by public sale were passed in at-higher rates than the trade were dis- : posed »o give. Tobacco: There has been a fair extent of business done iu this article during the week, and prices are well supported. Wines and Spirits j.Busioess has been very qai-t during the past week, auii prices generally have a downward tendency, kartell's brandy has been offering, to land, at lower rates, but we have not beard of any safes below onr quotations. Other first class brands have somewhat declined in value. Case brandies are not much in demand. We have heard of one or two sales of 10 o p. rum under 3s, but most holders refuse to. quit below this figure. High strength is without alteration. 