\- - MELBOURNE. -, '/.'... (-Argus.) - ' . :' , . " . .Tud'waftt a general band, wnicn-nas Jong ' beefl felt by-tho-Voluntccr Force, is about to tab supplied in an unexpected manner. SomO timd 1\. ago a commencement was mado to dull tbo lads of tho Immigrants' Homo, and /tlio progress, which thoy havo mado has been frequently taken' notico of. Colonel Anderson conooived tiieidea that these lads might.very wellbormado liso of to form a drum and fife band, and for tbo last tKrTd'mdnths somo thirty Of theni have been/re ceiving' instruction frbm?.'"Mbssrs''Pidtro:.Garina and Siodo. Thoy havo boon kept at practice evory day, and having displayed., a great liking !. for, weir task, they haye already tattiunecl a con- , sidbrable proficionoy. 'Indoed, their drumming .is already pronounced first-class; having a, pre cision of touch rarely met with out of a French regiment. Their first public appoaranco will not ""fermiide' just yet, in" consequoneo of their Unii TOT&8.hbt!being ready,' and probably they will .first ho introduced ' to tho force at j the review on Her Mnjesly's birthday. It" is the' intention' ol tho yoluhtoer authorities to -.issue new caps, to .the volunteer rifle corps .shortly.! .Tho.naiy ' cap is a. coimterjiart of the "bhoko worh; by., thb rilfes ' of the' British , army. ' Tho sh'ifiibs wiU.bb of .Melbournb mahufacture.; ThqNortiiam, ; with tho out- going, mail/ left, her ahohdraeoi-atchalf'past two,, on Thursday afternoon/."). Sheds, ".this .voyage, under tho com- ; mand of: the- first j officer— the captain, who is,' ' said to bo'- seriously ill; having .been left behind' tat Sydhby. 'ThoNo'rthnm.'we understand, car- ;;ries away a large numbor of:passoncers. ; r.j rho' " inaiignratioh convocation of ;tho Prp- vinciol Grand' Chapter of Boyal Arob Freema sons" washeld at the Clster Hotel, on Thursday evening, under .tho dispensalion of his Grace tlio Duke of Leinstor - and , tho grand principals of Ireland, for 1 tho : purpose .of installing and in- ductingl.tho right worshipful; provincial grand suporintendont and other officers ,of tho provin cial grand chapter. ; Companion J. J . Moody presided; - and tho' following officers were in- ''Stalled':— Companion J. '_T,; Smith, P.G.M., as provincial'- /grand 'supbrihtondent'; - Companion M'01urb,: 'PA).G-.M;, as Se'eond principal ; Com- piinibh'C.SWhitb, as third principal; Companion HHbrwitz," as' 'first principal sojourner : Com-" — J/clulOIl tvOSG uS 06LOIIU pilULipUl oUjUUlllvl) vCJll \- pauion'-. Oroulo, , D.P;G.M'., as third" prinoipal sojourner; Companion Ellis, as grand "Scribe E.; \- j-Gompaiiion'illuck; as grand scribo N.'; "Cbm- g anion Clarke, as provincial grand janitor ; 'and ompanion thb ltbv. M. llintel, high priest. _ .-. The proceedings woro, terminated by a banquot. 'teAi;';;: ,,' (Herald).. In tho Term Court, on Thursday; in tho oaso of the Queon' v. Sydenham, tho judges dctcr- mined ' that' an: indictment for embezzlement could not; lib; ; in \circuibstances w-here an :em- ploycr could maintain ah' action for tho money ' appropriated." In the case of M'Intyro ex parte Eotfs; tho Court decided that all licenses, issuod lmir Municipal Council should bo imdcr seal. . Soyertitcases-, were brought beforo tlio Coui-t, relatingW sblcctibhs'undpr the Land Act; Their Honors offirmod the 'decisions they had given lost .torm, ,tliat .the . balloting decided . .who - had made the first application for tho allotment;— Tho ease of the Queon v. Taylor and Curtis, charged with'conspiraby to evade tho Land Act, was . on Thursday -before the. Supremo Court.. Tlio defendants had been convicted of conspiring to.induco'certain persons to make false declara- 'tibhs'under'thp Act;'.' Several law points' were 'rbseryofi'for .the consideration' of tho full Court-, AhAprincipkl 'bf whiCh.Sv'erp'tha tho " declara- ''' tibh iitonded by'thb'Aet was notthodeelaration r madejia thp form bfa schedulo attached to tho , ,ahr but, a statutablo deolarutiou isignea. beforo/a magistrate. The defendant's counsel , were heard, in support of the objections ; and tho < Attorney-General will -replylfor the Crown. . The first mbotibg of the" members of tho Con ference' of Delegates from tho Australian colonies was' held on ; Thursday,, at twelve noon, at tho chief secretary's offices, in. the' Treasury. The whole" of tlio delegates wotip present on the occasion, including the followiiijg members of tho various Executive aiid Legislative bodies : — Tas- mania.':\The Hon: Charles Meredith, H.L.A.; Colonial Treasurer ; tho Hon. W. Carter, M.L.C.; Mr Adyo Douglass, M.L.A. Adclaido: Tho ' Hpn.'; ,tlie, Treasurer, tho lion. Mr. Ayers. Mr. ','Glydej'M.K' / .Now South Wales: The Hon. '"Charles Cowper, M.L.A., Chief Secrotary ; ;tho Hon. - E. - C. W eokes, M.L.A. , Into Treasurer ;- ' the1 Soiri.v''T.- W. Smart, ' M.L.A., " Treasurer. Victoria': 'The5 Hon: 'John' O'Shahassy, Chief Seoretary; the.,Hon". W. C. Haines, Treasurer ; the Hon WV S Anderson, Commissioner of Trade and Customs, ",Thb r'opresontativos of the ' 14yb oiid other journals "wero in attendance on tho . occasion,, 'and waited some time to ascertain Whether tho Press would bo admitted to report the proceedings. Ultimately a message was re ceived from. Mr O'Shanassy, informing them ihat the membors of the Conforonco had deter- . mined not to .avail themselves of 'the .services of the reporters, 'who would not, therefore, bo ad- mittod to the proceedings. Wo understand tli'ar ' the proceedings of the day wero of a formal nature. 'and 'after a brief 1 sitting the 'members of > tho' Cbnfereneo proceeded to Toorak to pay.their- respects toHis Excellency the Govorhpr. ;In the ' evening, tlio 'delegates for Now South Wales wero .introduced, by Mr O'Sbanassv to a scat in I the "Speaker's Gallery of the Logislativo Assem bly,. and appeared to watch tho proceedings with uch;interosff. ;/ ; : "7: ' » -The address of tho- Legislative Assembly to Her Majesty on tho subject of penal transporta- tion-to .this colony was, on ilhursday", presented to Hi84Excellenby tlio Goternor by the. Speaker of. the Assembly, .who 'stated to, tho Huuso that His Exccllbncy on receiving it' lidd expressed his concbrrbnce with the views enunciated, and that it would aflordihim great'pleasuro to trunBmit.it to.Her Majesty, .v ../.u j ; 'Everything -useful and hcccssary is cheapest. 'Wnlidng W. the most wholesome" exercise, water ilic licst drink, and plain, feed.. the mast, nourishing and /healthy diet. Even In knowledge, the, most useful' is the easiest ac; quired. ' Common sense is lodked Upon as a vulgar qua'sly, but nevertheless it is, the only "talisman, to conduct us pro>- peroualy through the world. Tho tnnn of refined sense has been compared to one who carries airut with rhini nothing but gold when he may every moment he in want of 'smaller chango. . i- A distinguished Infidel, when once asked how it was tliat tlio Bible is so fsrsuperior to all other books that it can, bo read over and over d thousand times, and.still rc- ttUnjts.ft'eeliuessf and why no other book 'like "'it was written ? rcpiied, 'Because there was no room iu the world. for two such bookB. ' ' - , . 'Within what time aster marriage, at the earliest period of- -Anglo-Saxon history, a dissatisfied ' husband "was hound to return an unacceptable spouse docs not op- Mar"; but; in the Danish-faaxon era he was requirdd to So eo before.'slie had acquired a right to braid ficr hair > pnd consider herself a matron. Dr Jiihnson described a man, who' had contracted a n ercepary' marriage, as a contemptible fellow, who h'sd at Iongtli obtained the certainty ot three meals d "ffdv. A COMMioMiBB— When Kansas was once , asked What answer ho should make if the Governor's' people demanded ids arms. ' I would propose a compromise Measure, 'he said; 'keep the rifle and give. tbem the A red-heeded lover, in writing to « red-bended ; glili iould take cere fn wording his letters. . Tlio less', said out 'mutusl-flame' the better. We once knew awd- 