NEWS OF THE WEEK. The birthday of her -Majesty tho Queen- was celebrated, on Tuesday, in a manner not .unworthy., the occasion ; and nothing was lacking which' loyal, and faithful hearts could provide. In spite of the' elements, the city put on her gayest dress and her; most smiling looks; but the steady rain which l at intervals prevailed, retardedN to some extent the rejoicing, and interfered materially with the success of the demonstration. In the fore noon, the review was held, 'on the; Emerald Hill reserve, and it drew together a : largo number of Bpeotators, and in the afternoon the levee attne -?;?' -Exhibition Building was numerously, attended, not only by visitors for presentation to his Excellency, but'.also..by; spectators, who for the most part were ladies, and numbered several hundreds. In the . - ?*? ? evening the whole city was again illuminated, and, ''?.?: 'considering the inclement state of the weather* with. v. I a '-i ? success which ? ? somewhat -. surpassed : public ? -??? '-'expectation.' The! illuminations were, for the 'r/''.-.' jaost part repetitions of those on the ^previous 'ao:'i occasion, and in some instances the designs were iv'^' 'inore brilliantly displayed owing to an increased -'? ???' aupply of gas, and the absence of any strong wind. :: tJptoa late hour the 'streets' were thronged with \- persons of all classes, and the greatest order pre £?;!».?;. -vailed everywhere, the result, no. doubt, of .the ex »'? cellent regulations made by the Corporation, and '? which were carried out by the police. . ': His Excellency the Governor held, at theExhibi tion Building, on Tuesday afternoon, the Iev6e which usually takes place on the occasion of her Majesty's '''.' birthday. The interior of the building 'was hand- , spmely decorated.. The ceremony commenced at ';'?.' three o'clock precisely, and it was nearly four .'.. o'clock; .before the whole of the visitors\ were pre ? ' eented. to his Excellency. The { attendance on the '; occasion was yery numerous, both of visitors and spfectators, the latter being principally ladies, who . were accommodated with seats, whioh were ranged ' alongthe buildmg. :! . ;; . : : ' v . Tuesday night , was not a time for nervous Wassen ,',' , gersin the streets of Melbourne, for ''crackers' were ,...;. flying in, all 'directions. They were particularly .'..'.'.': abundant in' Bourke street, in. the vicinity of Big .,, nell's 'and the Royal Mail . Hotel ; and here the .,:; . thoroughfare w.as almost impassable, in consequence ; of the number of people who stood still tq enjoy the ,, .: . sport, the rattle of the cracker, being continuous. .'. The ladies had evidently ; convinced themselves that ; ,.' there was no danger, and did; not scream br faint, . , even although '? the powder exploded, under the . ' shadow, of their capacious crinolines, a result which it seemed to be the ambition of roguish youths to .realise. The fun was enjoyed, and so far as ,., we heard no one was injured. Even cab horses ^i liseemed resolved to behave themselves on such an ;,','' occasion, and did not take fright at the unusual «Hsplay. ,'???'. ? -. , ? The parade of the volunteers on Tuesday, in honor ??,:?;? of the Queen's birthday, was a, most successful one. : :, i ; ;The; men were brigaded ,with a portion of the Royal ;; . Artillery Regiment and the 40th. . They acquitted ;,-?? themselves admirably by the side of these veteran :.i. 'I' troops, and must have given great satisfactionto their -,-. ? officers, and to all who take an interest in. the move ?;.r;.'... ment. The parade 'was held on .the reserve at .,)..... Emerald Hill, opposite the Orphan Asylum, in the ;i: i 'presence of several- thousand spectators. There v : (were over 1100 volunteers on the ground, and about (:: 200 of the Queen's troops; -.,- ...- '?'?' ' ?'?' Ah interesting sight in connection with the Gto Jl . vernor's levee on Tuesday, was the deputation of abo 1 ' rigines to his Excellency, with certain presents to ter Majesty the Queen, and the Prince and Princess ? . of/ Wales; and a congratulatory address on the oo ',' - casibh of the royal marriage. The central board 1 appointed for the protection of the aborigines, intro duced1 the natives, to the number of fifteen, who ' were each covered, besides wearing other -under'-' '.!''- clothing, with a large opossum rug.' Their appearance in the centre of the building, attired as they were after their own simple and un ? pretending fashion, strangely contrasted with the large number of well-dressed ladies and gentlemen who were assembled, and made up a scene in which both sides of life, the civilised and the uncivilised, were strikingly portrayed., The presents they laid before his Excellency consisted of an opossum rug and warlike implements, and his Excellency, evidently much to their satisfaction, promised that the articles would be transmitted to England, and that their con gratulatory address on the occasion. of the marriage of the Prince of Wales would also be presented to ; the Queen. It is notified by the Public Lands Circular that holders of residence and cultivation licenses who are desirous of selecting, under sections 33 and 34 of the Land Act, the land held under such licenses, or any additional land for which section 34 may entitle them to apply, must send in their applica tions to ? the Commissioner of Crown Lands for , ' their respective .districts on or before the llth Jnne next, as the term of twelve months allowed by the Land Act for the receipt of such applica tion, will expire on that day. Persons der girpus of availing themselves of the privilege con ferred by section 23 of the Land Act of selecting agricultural lands on a solicitor's certificate to the fact of the holder being seised of an equal area pur-. r chased previously to the passing of the Act, must also apply oh or before tho same date. ' The 18th of ??' Juno is also the date of application for lessees of ? :' country lands who may desire to exchange old leaseB ; for leases under the last Land Act. We have been shown a horticultural rarity in Australia, in the shape of a coffee plant, whioh is flourishing in a garden, late Mr Langmuir's, at Prahran. The tree appears for some time to have escaped notice, and made but little growth, but having become established in the soil, it grew ' strongly and healthily, and is now in a thriving state. The coffee tree, which grows erect, with a Bingle stem, usually attains a height of from eight , to twelve feet. The plant, in- this instance, is but' , ' four feet high, but the short foot stalks are thickly % . leaved, and the appearances denote tho immediate succession of the berry. To grow coffee successfully a high temperature is necessary, though caro must ' be taken to protect the plants from the scorching heat of the sun. In countries in which coffee is grown for commercial purposes, this is usually effected by planting rows of um brageous trees at certain intervals throughout tho field. The trees are usually raised ? from seed, sown in nursery beds, and afterwards planted out at regular distances, according to the nature of the soil. Where the ground is dry or gravelly, the trees seldom- riso above- tho height of six feet, and should beplantedfive feet apart; but in rich soils,, ? where a height of from ten to twelve feet is attained,; it is advisable to leave intervals of eight or ten' feet between them. The quantity of coffee annually consumed in Europe is something immense, and the exports '? to this colony arevin like proportion. There may possibly ' be' (localities in , this colony adapted to coffee-growing, but the plant is; not 'likely to ripen its seed in any but the warmest situations. ,The residents in these might try it, and, ultimately, perhaps, a riewNindustry may arise ; at all events, there can be no doubt of its success in some parts o the.continent, if not within the limits of Victoria. 'Some difficulty has beln' experienced in 'commenc- ing the wqrlis on the Echuca railway extension, in con sequence of a dispute as to the rate of wages, the contractor only offering 6s per diem— broken days not included. The men, on the other hand, point to. last winter's wages of. 8s a day and an.ayerage k time; of four days a^week; and they urge that such a rate ia -ttrtf o^jiartnofa+rt fhc nnaf r»f liiiriYinr nf-.*Ro-nrli-rn Pleuro-pneumonia has brpfcen put in Smeaton, in the Balla'arat district, two bullocks belonging to -Messrs M' Alpine Brothers haying already died of it,cand some more are affected. The disease is supposed; to have been introduced by, a team of bullocks beloiig. ing to, a carrier,. residing in. Smeaton, as one, of his -team died of thedisease first. V . . , ' ? ' A letter from Mr George M'Donaid, dated Sunday Camp,,Yailpck, on, the 15th : instant, published ^in; the Public Lands Circular, states that, wtdle; em ployed on the exploration of a road from Melbourne, to Gipps Land, he discovered a seain of coal oh the north side of the Dividing Range, about thirty-five miles N.N.E. of Cape Patterson. The seam is six inches tMck^ dips 'about -five degrees N.W., and is apparently of very good quality, burning very well. The coal so found is the first that has been dis covered on the north side of the watershed of the Bass River, and is believed to be the most northerly seam of coal that has been discovered in this colony. ; A meeting in furtherance of the presentation of a bridal gift to the Princess of Wales, took place in the Town Hall, Hawthorn, on Saturday eveningf — M'Dougall, Esq., in the chair. The municipality was divided into districts, and a number of gentle men appointed. to canvass for and collect subscrip tions. The utmost enthusiasm and unanimity' were displayed in favor of this loyal movement, which, it is to be hoped, will be speedily imitated by the other suburban municipalities. ;: i. We learn from files received from Auckland, via Otago that his Honor the Superintendent had issued a special Gazette, containing a despatch dated New Plymouth, 10th May, announcing that the Govern ment has determined to take possession of the block of land between Omata and Tataraimaka, upon which the late murders were committed, in order that a settlement may be placed thereon of persons able to protect themselves.- The inten tion is to give each settler fifty acres of land, with one acre at the site of the villages, on the condition that they shall hold the land on a system of mili tary tenure. We have dates from Sydney to the 20th instant. The following important statement is made by the Sydney Morning Herald of that date : — 'A private letter addressed to a gentleman from New Zealand, by a relative in a position, to learn the truth, reports that General Cameron tendered his resignation, which was not accepted ; that since, the Governor has confided the affair into his hands, and that the troops are about to mbve'fordecisiyeaction.' From the same journal we learn that Turley, charged with the murder of Mr Davidson,' in Queensland,' has been arrested. ? The colonists of Wellington, New Zealand, doi not appear to be very anxious to improve the breed of their sheep. A correspondent of the Southern Cross, writing from 'Wellington, states, that the sale of pure bred merino rams and ewes, the property of Mr Hill, R.M., was postponed, . after two ewe lambs and five rams had been sold at low figures. There was no competition. The same journal mentions that the attempt .to ! establish: a trade in horses between Otago and Wellington had failed. It did not pay to import horses from the South. ?-,','? :- . All that remained of the gallant ship, the ill fated Orpheus, was sold by publio auction at Auck land on the 6th inst. for £100. The. sums col: lected on account of the Orpheus Relief Fund amounted to £1049 Is, of which £700 have been paid to 70 of the survivors, and £300 have been re. mittedtothe Secretary of the Admiralty for distri bution among the widows and orphans of those who were wrecked on the 7th February last. The; ex penses of advertising, &c;, ar9 about £27, leaving a small balance of £12 Is to meet any outstanding claims, or as a nucleus round which, further sub scriptions for this charitable cause may gather. An attempt is about -to be made to infuse some new lifointo,if not altogether, to reform, our Royal Society. The following requisition has been pre sented to the president and members of the sboiety : : — ' We, the undersigned members of the Royal Society, hereby make requisition for the call' of a special meeting (under Rule XXI.) to consider and report upon the present and future prospects . of. the society, financially and otherwise.' This document is signed by Messrs W.H. Archer, . H. F. Eaton, John J. Bleasdale, D.D., R. Brough Smyth, Alex; Kennedy Smith, David E.WilHe, William' Gillbee, i O. W.Ligar, W. H. Norman, Thomas H. Bawling, : Richard Eades, Joseph Bosisto, J/ Ferres,1' F. Proschel, G. Millar, Frederick Acheson, John '. Marshall, John Hotson, Henry H. Hay ter, C. A. A. Manton, Thomas Reed, Samuel M'Gowan, E. G. , Fitzgibbon, Alfred J. ; Agg, and E. C. i Symonds. A speoial general meeting will accordingly i be held on Wednesday next, the 27th May, at half- i past seven o'clock p.m. If the members do not atr tend, it is very probable that the Royal Society will : fall into suoh a state of decay as to be beyond cure, It is stated that there is an empty treasury, some debts, and large arrears of transactions unpublished. All those who are interested, in the society should attend, and they should not forget that it was in its youth not only useful, but influential; It may yet ' be made both, if the right men will sink personal differences, and assist in the management of it. —A meeting was accordingly held on Wednesday \ evening, when, after a long discussion and the proposal of several motions, a committee was ap pointed to take steps to secure the publication of the transactions in arrear, to provide funds for the management of tho society, and to consider what alterations might with advantage be made in the constitution. Captain Dane has retired as a candidate for tho representation of South Bourke, in favor of Mr M'Cluro, who will contest tho constituency in the jntereste of the Government, : ; -It is^not^ improbable we may have to announce a; second suburban- gold- field in the neighborhood of, Essendon; some pf these days. Gold in various hoiaoaopathic Quantities have for, some years past been found'in this locality ; but a veritable 'lead*,'.' which yields, to plodding industry ?something ap'-^ proaching to boy's wages has at length been1 dis covered, and all Essendon (in the secret) andithe secretaryjtp^the Railway Company, 'are in a violent -jstate' of commotion. It appears ^that' Messrs. Cl&rke; and Sons, gold-brokers, Elizabeth streetj purchased some fifteen pennyweights of gold, ob tained from this. neighborhood, on; Saturday last.'i The gold: was heavy and waterjyorn, and the'lpcality; where it was found is a gu^ly somewhere ' between the Essendon Hotel and the railway, station. .Some years ago there was a rush to a spot a mile or two ,beyohd this, arcuttihg oh tiie 'Mount Alexander road, where some gold had been' 'founaj but it was sup posed.atthe time.'it:;must have been- left- there- by:; aeeident..1(; j, -, - ,...;;/ _; ....;- ,?.??.-,?,,?.?,:;?.? r\,: -;;- j ,;Tbe .beautiful,; transparency exhibited at; the ,^ew Post , Office buiiding.on theeyepin'g of the rejoichjg for the marriage of the .] Prince , of ' Wales attracted ? much attention,1 and was dulynoticed-iii our account of the' illumiriatibnsi It: lis, -however, : woirthyi pf ' note, 'that it differed, we believe, from all others ,et ?hibited in ? Melbourne,- from; being painted on .glass instead of calico.. .The sjze is twelve^ feet, by seven, and' the painting was executed 'b'y' Messrs' Ferguson and IJrie,,glass stainer^, North Melbourne; 'It was lighted up for a few hours on Saturday evening. ; ? The following is a listof the several addresses, of . congratulation presented to His Excellency the Governor on the occasion of the auspicious marriage ' of the Prince of Wales to the Princess Alexandra of ? Denmark, tojbe forwarded to Her Majesty the Queen, and their Royal Highnesses the Prince and . Princess. To Her Majesty the Queen addresses have, been presented from the following . bodies :— . The Bishop and Clergy of the Church of England ; Ministers, office bearers, &c;, of the Wesleyan Methodist Church ; Mayor, Aldermen, &c;, of the city of Melbourne ; Municipal Council of St. Kilda; Municipal Council of Prahran ; Municipality of Sandhurst ;' Ministers and Elders of the' Presby terian Church of Victoria. To H.R.H. the Prince of Wales and H.R.H. the Princess of Wales :— Municipal Council of St. Kilda ; Municipal Council of Castlemaine ; the ^Ministers ? of the Congrega tional or Independent Church of Victoria ; me Municipal Council of Fitzroy. To H.R.H. the Prince of Wales r-^-The Mayor, Aldermen, and Council of the. city of Melbourne ; the Bishop and Clergy of the Church of England; the Working Men of the city of Melbourne ; the Caledonian Society of Victoria ; the Municipal . Council of Prahran ; the Cambrian Inhabitants of . Victoria ; the Corporation of the Town of Geelorig. To the Princess of Wales : The Mayor, Aldermen, and Council of the City of Melbourne ; the Bishop and Clergy of the Church of England. Of these addresses a large number are very beautifully illu minated ; those from the Melbburne and Fitzroy Corporations, and the Caledonian Society especially i so. The addresses .presented by; the '?- Melbourne Corporation, bound in ruby leather, by Mr Detmbld, and containing each a photograph eighteen inches ? long by ten or twelve inches wide, are ;such as cannot fail to grace the royal drawing room, and in i every way to reflect credit on the colony, even in competition with the finished works of London and Paris.' -The photographs, are. Melbourne, views,' taken from convenient points' in* the southern metro-' polis ; the first, attached to the inner .coyer pf , the' addr.ess to her Majesty : being'a .view. of 'Melbourpe' taken west from thevsummit^'of tHe Parliament Houses, showing in the fore, jground^ the (Princess's, Theatre, in the, back ground the, whole area of. the( city, of which'the most, prominent object,. the! steeple of rthe' Wesley' Church, Lbnsdale street/ towers upwards of 200 feet in the centre. The second, accompanTTirig -the address to, the Prince of Wales, is a viewi of the;'5farra riyerio ,the. east of the pity, and in the ^direction, of the bridge near Hawthorn.. The third, accompanying the address to the Pfihcessj is a view of Melbourne, from the Botanical Gardens, looking north, identical: with that recently presented to the Melbourne publio in the columns of the Leader newspaper.'' ?'-??? :, -. ??/' / It will be seen from bur Sydney telegram tnat; a portion of the troops stationed u} that city are under orders tp sail for Taranald. The troops here are in readiness to start at once should reinforcements;be required. ; .'?'.?. '? :?; ?..??'.; '. ('.'.?'. i-::'.i' ^ : '?'??-.?', An Otago journal lately stated, but without giving any details', the fact that a live Mpa had again been seen. The following facts are stated by Mr Blackett, a correspondent of the Nelson Colonist of May 3rd. This is probably the specimen referred;' to i by the Otago paper. Mr Blaokett says :—' Whilst at the Bueller river, in the beginning of April, I heard that four men had arrived from MoHhimui, andthat one of them had seen a ;liying Moa. I sent for this man, and from him obtained i the following, particu lars :— On Sunday morning, about the end of . Janu ary,' he 'nras ?iyalHng, alone, .about nine o'clock, on the ; bank of a creek whioh they were going to bridge, in forming a road from /the coal works. On lopldng across the creek, at the distance of about 200 feet, he observed a large bird peoking at something, on the ground, which oh hearing his approach looked up' at ' him ' mazed like.' He was quite near enough, to make the fpUpwing obseryations-r-and .-. the morning, was'.olear arid;bright. \ He is a tall man, but he thinks he could- scarcely reach, the top of its head (about eight feet). It had long strong legs'; plumage brown/ and like that of a woodhen;' wnigs or flappers, short and round-like those -of' 'a wopdhen ';.. neck short and thick, and destitute of feathers, or nearly bo, towards the head, which was bare-looking and dark-colored, large and flat-topped. It had red rings around the lower half of the eyes. The head, he observed, 'looked as large as a oalf's head,' and it was altogether a 'most serious large; bird1. After making these observations he went to his tent for a gun, and to tell his -mates, but when he -returned to the spot the bird had disappeared. My informant, vwhpse name is ' Hugh Cottier, came out in the Gplconda, and had not even heard of the probable existence' of, such a bird. From his de scription I made a sketch, which I showed to him^. and which he corrected in some particulars. Of this I enolose a rough tracing.' A ball, in celebration of the marriage of the Prince and Princess of Wales, and of the advent of her Majesty's Birthday, was held on Monday evening, in the goods shed of the Victorian Railway, Spencer street, opposite the termination of Lonsdolb. streevt west. 'Monday eyening was selected, as being convenient for the employ6s of all classes along the lines. On any other proximate, evening tho trafilo along tho lino would havo ren dered it. inconvenient, if not impossible, to obtain a large gathering^ . , AsUt was, from five to six hundred of jboth sexes,- jiid' outclasses, from the entire length of \both ' linea— ^andhurst and Bal laarat — met 'together '! and enjoyed themselves, without interruption . until an early hour oh' Tuesday, 'i The arrangements were under ' the control of a number of separate committees, in cluding the heads, of the Engineering, General, and Traffic Departments, together with various subor dinates. The entrance to ttje goods sheds; fronting * Lonsdole streetwest, was illuminatedin a tasteful way, with;various'cplbfed railway'signaT-la^aps formed into deyices— a Prince iof VSTalea' .feather, white( red; and 'green lamps: in' the ' centre'; the letters AA on either .side , in, ..green:^.Iamps';.'..:...tb.e.^,^letters V. R. in red lamps above. Inside the entire length of thegoods she'd wascleared of; all: obstructions, a N train of carriages was drawn up against tne1 platform :tp preyent -*± light;f antastio toes' from stepping over the .brink, whijst.perfpr^ning the mazes of the giddy waltz^: Thelrewas an infinite (display of 'bunting, . of various -colbrs ' dnd; devices^ in every, direction, pne .end..; of ..tlie: building, was .adornedrwith a large floral crown,, tie device,' |Gbd, Save the Queen,'.' and the English /and ^Danish -flags, i!; The b^herend' of ?the 'building '^pras devoted- to ' gastronomic 'recreation, under'tihe superintendence/of Mr.Knight, 'ahdit did ampleli .credit; toj- his -, skill . and .?judgment i:jn this line.. . - The , proceedings., commenced , at hajf past seven' o'clock, and continued up| ! to T twelve, at which time aveiy cofasiderable number of visitors 'adjourned tb 'the other end of thebuildingf or supp&r.; f About one - o'clock,- dancing! was .resumed. | ; i ;The :band; (underthe conduotpfiMr/Jphaspn) occupied. a goods track, in, the, t centre ;iof ,. , the, . traui . af oijesaiS, jhondsomely^ fitted-up .for ;.v, their, {accbaunodatipn. There was ; w 'absence of ?needless ^forniaiyy^ and '' constraint' on ^e p'art of ' the' visitors^ who were Tery 'generally;pefabn!ally- acquainted,- and thja evening ^.passedroff.in a manner that must have giyeiijgeneral .satisfaction, to allparties , cpneerned. . ► r.-. , .-,,-, \--';b The c Swan Hill correspondent - ? of ] the ^Pastoral 'Times reports,. tiiat, ^-pn/the 4th inst.^ Mi'ijntyre and,C°'s» partypassed;fpr the FUnders River, ^Car pentaria. Their sheep,' 'lO.OOO,- haVe'!been wiutuig on the Darling. THe ovbrlariders were ;'well- equipp'e'd, taidhg five waggonsi abbutlOO mixed cattle, ahd'85 ;horses^''.'^ ;::;^-?r;;:^: t-.!:'.r- ,--.'.;i-'--.ro;; -, ?.??'; ';,) ' The RiM.Si Madras^sailed on.TuesdayKafternppn, ,at-2 pim*i;with; the European moils.., .-.She also,;car rief nearly eighty passengers,.and amongst the nujn ber ''.;.Mr. jWTieelock, of me firm of Wheelbckand Stephens, so. long assbciiited1 with American !'m'er 'cantile' affairs in this colony, who was accompanied ;on board by a number of i American rgentlemen resi dent in Melbourne.;-. ;.?: i.r:.'.;,ft; r;;ys:-.ili .;:? '.o^ici '-'?'' The Bridal Gift; Fund Committee held a meeting in the,; Town Hallj at 12 o!olpck,|on Wednesday, Mr S,- Thorpe in the chair. , Several considerable sums have already been, received from the committee-men, who have commenced working tiie'blpcks allotted to them for purposes of collection^ ; Cbmmunicatibns of a most' encouraging nature have been reoeived ifrom some of. the suburban 'municipalities.'; LA: pub lic meeting will prpbably.be called in Fitzroy, by the choirmanof .the municipalityj in the course of a few days, ' to initiate proceedings. In Hawthorn,' *aa already statedi' a meeting has been: held; and the district' has been 'eagerly taken: up-by.enthusiastio ? canvassers for subscriptions. .:Comniunicatipn'h-B been receiyed from, Sale, indicating; greatinterbs^.jn ,the mpyement. More thftn' tiprvee thousand ^ ^cpntri- butions , have already been obtained in Melbpuriie, although the systematio canvass hasbeeri deferred to the present tinte, pending the cessation ef the holiday ?festivities. ':' ???'?? -:-:;!';:-r. ,V.;;,.-.Y ;---;.;v--:,'! f:. ,.'-?:; ' ' A : notification ' is made '..'by ; the' Gazette of: 27th inst, that holders, of mineral leases shall, on the respective days named :in such leases, furnish to the Receivers . , and , Paymasters ? of ; the districts within whioh(. the .lands so^ leased )t are '.situated, returns verified' by a statutory deolarationi as reqtiired by the Covenants of the leases, as to the quantity !of mineral raised, and its value at the mouth, of itho mine, and shall also furnish a certified copy, of such returns to the.Secretaiy for Mines. 4The Mining Surveyor m each district has been instructed to fur nish information to lessees as to the value of minerals, and to determine the value when nepes sary. - '\ .:?,?/ ::, ':?, ?? ': '?' '::'';:??' ;- .. ..''-- - The President of the Board of Lands and Works, notifies in the Gazette of 'VVednesdajV that as the number of leases that can be issued in any .one year under the 47th section of the Land Act, 1862, is re stricted to one hundred, and as tho number of ap plications^repeiyed during the current lyear; greatly exceeds this limit, it is notified that no more such applications can be entertained until further notice. At Auckland, a land association has been formed in coqpiotion iwith the order of Odd. Fellows in the distriS^ : . ?'? . ? ?? ,;:' ., : . '?'??', A proclamation by his Excellenoy the Governor, published in the Government Gazette of Wednes day, under the authority of the Aot for the esta blishinent of, Municipal' Institutions in Victoria, exempts nil buildings used by the Victorian Volun teer force as drill or orderly rooms from the juris diction of the council of the municipal, district. | The Council of the Acclimatisation Sobiety held their usual, weekly meeting oh Tuesdayi Present: Dr Black, Dr Mueller, Professor M'Coy, and Messrs Albert Purchas, James Smith, S. H. Bindon, H.; J. Chambers, ond Samuel Wilson. A letter from the secretary to the Queensland Acclimatisation Society waB read, requesting to be ;, allowed to; purchase ^wo or three pairs of the.Cashmere goats. The secretary was direoted to reply to the effect that at present 'the flook is too small tpwarrant any division being made, andthat, further, the climate of Queensland is not ;at all suited fottiie. Cashmere goat. Dr Black men tioned that he had been informed by Mr Firebfaoe that he had received a letter from Mr M'Lachlan, of Java, by whioh he learned that a number of ithe large and valuable crowned pigeons of that country were being prepared for shipment to the society. :Dr Mueller stated that, during the past season, more than a hundred English wild ducks had been hatched on the lagoon atjj the Botanic Gardens, and were now as common in that locality as the native wild duck. Dr Mueller also stated that the thrushes in the Garden were now in fine song. The secretary reported that, per Pudel, from Calcutta, one male Axis deer, and one female hog deer had arrived in good condition. These animals were forwarded; by Mr H. L. Butler, of Calcutta. Some short time since a native bustard was presented to the sooiety by Mr James Alexander, of Penshurst. The bird had been hatched under a common hen, and reared with the poultry, and is quite tamo, and the counoil .'will call especial. attention to tho domestioatioii of this valuable bird, v ? ' '' ? ; _The summary of gold mining statistics for March, '?' ^ iss-aed'from' 'the '? ]$Iiiiing1''iJepartm^iiti'''Bli6ws?a%fal' miningjpopulatibnTof:all Vcla'ssea'J bfi.l229,667, of ?_; ;Whom:87,99.3 .'were miners,; 50,081 f European,- atid' '/ 22,03.7' ; / Chinese :were engaged in alluvial mining, ?f: and 15,717 European and 158' 'iphuie's.e in' Quartz. . - ' ; ?': In /?; alluvial' ? mining ' there v-' were ' employed ^'X^323:engines of :5360'horBe';powerr.:4101 -paddlnigmfi-.' l':^-:/.!^!^!Bs-j?45,;whims;ari^pulleyBl-'247.wbips,'.17Sr.hor?e' _ ,Eumps, 7^7: sluices ,aAd toms, , .396, water wheels, , 26 ,), ..'Hydxauiip poses', '.'^derricks,, 'and 3590 , 6lmce'vb'oxeV '?''., 'The* mficiahavy^empioyed ^inqu'artz'niuiiri'g^consistdd' ^?of 462irengiiie3-'!of''8216 'horse pbwer;:'55 ' cru'shiilg tvJJha'ohinesV'282 whims, 1 pulley,. 27 water-wheelsr, \S. /,- -derricks, and S.O.whips. j The approximate rvalue: 6f .i(:;.-aU:min%g.plant;was;£l,486,95.6, and the ^number bi .,.,, ?y*are miles actually worked upon. 75'4J«. .',,, ,,.'.., r v ! »-7i : ,?.^ ?^F.c^^n^e:Ts W complaining grievously of a ^^i^eipn^ia'fofb^tonersI'mekt^Wlu'ch h'aarisen' to ll«tenpence per' pound. The \New;-Ze:ataHTderV:epm-: ? iimenting on 'the event;; remarks' that the1' Provincial .;.-. Council rhas just' voted dB20,000 for assisted; immi ,E48?a#,°9- iftadditipn to the growing. stream i of 40racre 7'; are to feed the new cbmers'j ' or ratlieV what chances f1 :1arel'thei-e i that they';will atJ 6hce.; obtain 'einplbyment '^?sof'suoh' remunerative character as ? will enable tiiem v i io bea^the 'extravagant cost of theu'bare' 'necessbifies' . : ''oftee'itii'Auokiand'? r- Pleuro-pneumoniaV has ?'? been' . , '^mainly-ihsteumental'^ i':^N6^on'e;atte'mptsj'!bitis ^able, ''to shbw'that any'de-: \- ''icrease in- '-the numDer 'of /cattle' '- Tjvithin 'the province ? ?- jhas'talceii'plafeeiarid nobodyun'derstandsVerycleariy . ' tkeprbcess by which11 Ae^iiblic^are'.being iiow' s|o ?'Ocbblly | 'and .-! so; effectually 'victimised:' l!'' The ?stb'ck- ' .' .f'heldersyijaokedb^the''' Diseased: Cattle Act,' 186l|,' \ ? axe masters' 'of the situatibn,1' and .they : 'seem deteiv ?'?:/ mined t& hold, it if the/can.1' '^Tftey^Baye' a 'mphp- ' ;:' 1-1''ipoly;at;pfesent bVer/Tvhich' there 'is 'neither! cohtrbl \- SnoKoKeck.': -It. is urged' that it is unnecessary' to .???'/ 'retain in' force1 an absolute arid ' general .prohibition^ ,-?.-, i -^pf; importation of cattie long ;affer the apparent nferid ?ii^dr excuse for such ^'prohibition . has' passed 'dway. ' ; '* «.-' Is 'there any .reason',' -concludes. the: New ' Z^-'- r blander j: '?', bri.if any, 'wlidfrrf-!t$(-rV* wh'y'.We ib. :Adck-ii \ Jlatid!Bhonld: not be permitted 'to import 'cattle frbjn '?V-'Gip^s' Land', and by: increasing 'the 'Supply' and 'rp ?;;ldjic'ihg'the' price. of butchers' ?meat;) lighten a griey .?f'ance:_which presses heavily 'Pi^ ^\\!^^bpr maii' :ind' ';??; ''niusts.eriouBly affect the,pr6gi;esybf..ffie',pr6yince'?'f ;?_/: Tie prbposid to send -an j 'ambassador, .under. tile' ?'. ,;* modest tifc|e'of an..'' agent,' 'frpm.cAdelaide.^.Mei : bourne, Has been the pccasipnoi ! some- mirjih-.and I^Jocularityrin.the.first-mentioned pjty..' . But.all that l'.',-'in* sp9i^ve,.mood,:might,rbe,;saicl .on! thej.subjecjt, (?? ..couia.not come up fprtfle.;cpmipaU^i/\ojE;i.th.6....ireaaon8 assigried'by the getitjemanr /who: is desirous i of Jflie f ambassadorial ^office, \\[['A. '._ .statement of reasons in favor of -creating this office,' was actually gravely ; sent: ( rpund' tby,:'.theU members': 'of the. legislature,. { The .document., consists of,,three parts1 ' tie.first showing.ihat a Melbourne -agent is.wantea ; ? the' second proving that 'this' is |Jhe most' suitable ? ' ????'? time for his-appoiiitmerit ; rand : tu'e'third sugge'silJn'g . that', such an ^agehfrtis more Seeded in Melbounie ^ than in the; other ^colonies.; Ai Melbourne agents it appears, .is wanted. i^or.nine; reasons :, ,T:o(,be' the mediiuTi; of 'communication between', the i (Grovern-i mentsi'to1 watch 'the i'jpbliby of Victoria ; to scruti-' -??'? hise the public papers ' daily ; to disseminate^ sta 'tisticnlinfoiTnation';' to reportv on- comparative std ?ii tiatics. ;' toi direct: flier stream, of ; population; from . Victoiia to Adelaide ; .to procure, specimens.; of, ne^- . plants and; seeds; to. have ,constiant regard to, the i ' '' desire of the! South' Australians, for the'discovery of' isgbld-field ;' and'to ^^ prosecute ^^ 'all 'inquiries,' 'uhderi the' direction of the South Australian &overnm;'en|;,. having a tendency to', benefit the colony ;or promote its interests., ^ ?We,need,not;,dotaiJ theireasonSuVKhy1 ( this is the most suitable,, tune, -for such an appojn^-1 ineiii, or. wh'y it !is, more wanted iii Melbourne than '?'?'. iti the ???''b'tn'w Monies'; though thes'e'i;are'very!'fully. ; -detailed1 by his^ future1 exceU'ency,xJa gentleman1 not . : unknown to ; efforts , at ? penny: , journalism, here -an;d ? :, ;.ol8ewh.ere*i .;,;.;,„» ,:?;„; ::-jr.[t . ,..,,;, ., ,?;. :;: ,..;.;?; f:i .vi.-.j i ,' /The capital o£ New; Zealatid has. been the, scen6 bf a, wages questipn, between ^employer and; employed,' r in the iron trade.; According. to the .last accounts^ , ; it had been:8atisfacto'rily.'adiusteidf according to 'the wishes of tliemeri, 'to havei '& 'nine-Hour da'y: 'at thie' same amount of waged'reoeived'fbr ten hours, and! at the expiration' of.f our months ? eight, hours arid .the' . eame. amount of wages.as, formerly paid. , ,, ., ;j j ,-, ! Sunday being her Majesty's ; birthday,; the i choir : , andicongi'egation of ,,thp Wesley church, .Lpnsdale ,. street, .celebrated lie. eye^t by Ringing , the National; Antiiem at the olbse of die morning and eveningf! ' eerYicas, Mr O. E. Horsley presiding at the organ. \- The 'Sunday soholars,- with theu* teachers -and friends, sang it also in. the afterneoni i At the close,. : a 'missionary, address |,by the; Rev. B. .Jenlans,! M.A., kte of Madras; was delivered. ,,,,,;; ,,j, \\] A sermon, having special reference to the;. mar,- . riage of the Prince of Wales, was. preached, by the Rev. Isaac Newi iri'Albert' Street Qhapelj' on Sunday.; After the usual vdevbtlonalv exercises, the i reverend. gentleman announced; as .his textJer. 33:o.; Uf.vi,. from which he preached a very able and elbqUent. ? discourse: He 'commenced by an allusion to thja . excitement andiintensejby which pervaded all ola'sses, ? af the community on.the - arrival of thejlast'mail, containing the i tidings: of t tlie royal, marriage, and proceededto investigate, the ^causes of such great and universal rejoicings. These he gave as follows: \- l.;Tb8 inherent loyalty, of. thei English ; pebple-^-W loyalty which had ;surmburitea great .obstacles; anjdi ? : passed through many.ordeals. Had it been possible to'extiriguisli^English loyalty, theiStuai'ts.would have' ? done. so. ; 2. The personal character olthePrince of Wales;' trained.' undet , . the ; eye .lof the -bost ,^f ;, fathers. And ':3rdly.;The:marriagecommended itself to the best feelings jof tiie people, because i it was |a, union: based oh affection j, and not a raetQ niatter of State policy', i The concluding: part of the sermon^ ? was1 devoted to a.resumG of the histoiyiof the/British. 1 empire during:./ the .reign of our Queen, i and; the, causes of Britain's proud pre-ieminence amongst tlie nations. ' AtthelcloBe was sung- a Prince of iWales' Marriage Anthem, .written by Newman Hall.,,(.' ; :'' : Our dates from' Queensland 'nrVta ^the 19th'ihst.! r The ^^ estimates had been laid 'before -the House. The '?'' probable 'ways and means for the year 3,864 areesti 1 mated at £417,250. The estimated expenditure is 1 £395,067 ; the excess of revenue ovor expenditure is £22,183. ' iti6i'prbpo3edi'oraiso'aloariof£884;i00 ? for certain specified public works arid 'for immigra ? tiori. Thb'triide of the colony is developing itself with extraordinary rapidity ; not' : only has it ''greatly inoreased in its previously existing channels, bui ? traflib has been commenced in n. number of new directions. The number of vessels entered inwards '? jtttho port of Brisbane, (luring thp year 1861, wns ?; .;, i . ,.??.?'..?. O. '?'?'?'' ?'.:?' ''?' ' ? ? i. ? ? , 141, of r35,220 tons; in 1862, th'ere werVi77 yes: ¥e&u;'*''6f^5ftj03'9^^^ Bay, ;in; .1861;.' \28r;-yessel£r/pf '?' r'5789 'tons';': i in ',18,62,. '24 v vessels ' of1 '5203 i tons.' 'At' 'Port*' 'Curtis,' m 1861,-30,,yessels'of'8053'£oiisY,inl862, 27 vessels of 5497 tbns^\ lTh'e largest increase of /vessels and tbnriage'!was W'tlie' port' of ^ RbekhamptonJ In, 1861, the arrivals were 49 vessels of ,7928 tons'; 'in 1862, it hadrfnsen'up';t5' 90' vessels''pf l 14,626 tons. At Port DeniSbn, M'l86l',:l-iJie. arrivals ;were'3 .'Vessels of 387-tpns j. injl862;!l2 vessels pf!'l048 -tpriy.',7,'The 'ni'ost-tiptewqrthyj jpoint ^^inljthBr'sluppin'g'tablels is the' increase in 'ilie nmiiber of yldsselsl which hav^ ?'arrived vd^eb;t'fromj;^ ;was ipnly'8; in^'lS^''^^^^^^^^^-''^'.'-^'. Ip 'l861; the number' of vess'els^frbm' New South' Wales was 222,. of 47,782 tons ; in. 1862; ' tlie'; number In creased to 266; of 48;566'tons burden. : l '?'? j A soir6o-in±onor-of-her*Majesty's birthday came off on Tuesday, in the Protestant Hall, Stephen street. The duties of chairman were discharged by'Mr. O. E.' Jones.' 'About ; 300/ladies and gentlemen salt down:, to tea, after which^1 and the singing of the national anthem, the Chairman briefly alluded to the necessity whichexisted forsuch loyal demonstrations 'as we'had. lately witnessed, - seeiag 'that'- in certain quarters theopinionfwas entertained that the 'ties of '. affe'etion and loyalty which had 'formerly bound thte ?cbldnyiito' the^mother country werb'bein^ gradually weakened; he further characterised the., recent 'de- monstration of loyalty, as peculiarly bne of We people, a feeling in. which, .our Victbriaa' Government didndt ?participate. -The riamesof the Rev. George Maokay and Mr iDavid Blair were 'set down in the pfo gramm'b , but as these gentlemen were not ' present, *their places were xespectively filled by the Chairman and Mr.tfb^hua.'Cowell. The1 next address was by ?Mr JdhnrBrbmley,rwho contrasted the1 condition i of Britain with that of the continental kingdoms,' 'and showed that/the superiority of the ;former,! morally sand J politically,' was :due to'the genius-of Protes tantism.' ''The1. proceedings of the? evening were agreeably diversified' by a: very efficient choir, under leadership of Mr Wilkinson, -i ???- . - ; r . , a A;i ball' was giveh-in 'the Eastern Hill' Drill Room on Tuesday, by the CpUingwoodRiiles and Artillery', -^jn 'honor bf her Majesty's- birthday!.' \The; '^roorn w&s; 'prettily garhished with- side : arms, festooned with ; flbwers,.!aud ; decorated with' draped designs. Increased ; attention had also been paid to the cpm fo'rfc- of ' the:)iguests, for the room was made im pervious, to cold blasts, against which there 'was formerly not much -protection. ? There1 were be tween 2OO..,and 3.00 persons present, and the ball passed off very pleasantry. ' j ? Mr Alexander ;Fyfe' h'as ^ been'defeated in his, can didature for the Port CUrtie district, Que'erislandl 'tMr Dbuglaswas the successful candidate. ' ! ; ! A new penny evening ' paper, called the 'Evening Post, has made its appearance in Ballaarat.., .The sheet is very 'small, ' but appears , to he creditably got up,, ;' An evening .paper, it is .thought, if :not del 'manded'by the necessities- of ithe Ballaarat ?? reading public, will at least , be ' an acquisition to their cur rent literature, as it will anticipate, the commercial 'and general -information contained in ,the morning jp.umalB.,',. '?',?,? .:'.'.'.''?'.,,?,':' ??-.;,,.,.',. ... .--.- ,,','In tlie'. Legislative Assembly, on Wednesday, at five minutes after . the usual hour of meeting, it .was found tliat only eighteenfmembers. were present, and the ''Speaker; therefore,' adjournedthe House to four p.in. ijhis day. He had scarcely pronounced the adjournment of the House, when several other hou. membersentferedit^A'dispositioriwas.appareritpnb sides of the.Hpuse fo :go on with the business, but it was thenipp'ilate tp, revoke, the adjournment, .add iV?itih' some show; of 'unwillingness, h,pn. ^mpmb.ers 'retired. J ( There was at- the time a , committee;bf isix members sitting'.inan^jojning lobby, ., . :',,? ? Information was received pn 27,thin8t,by the police of ,;a , violent, assault, cpmmitted on ; the person, of ?V^illiam^Biggs,, ip.the Iyanhpe Hptel, Heidelberg ,road,$between nine and ten p'olpck pn.:the eyening of the .'iSth- instant.,.., The ipffence waslcommitted by a man of , the. name of .JTack, JoneSj whose antece dents are not unloibwii : ;'to. the police. From thb n'umher pf ' cases reported^ to , tibe pblice, it would seem ihat the practice ' of stealing- linen, fromiyards i^ greatly on the increase, and' .people, cannot be too much on, their guard in tlieir, dealing's with itinerant Jeartheriware merchants,' arid rag.collectors. , Mr Richard M'Clure.who on a former occasion contested with Mr L,.L. Smith- the election for South Bourko,! on Wednesday explained; at the Kew Athenosum; to the, electors resident at Kew his pre sent political ? sentiments.1 S. Whartbn,; Esq., pre sided. About .'100 persons, were present. \ Mr MfCiure. professeshimself in favor, of an amendment inj t the ; existing. Land. Aot,. in accordance with its original * intentions. He is opposed to sale by auc tion, and in favor of free selection within the exist ing , agricultural areas, ? Ho . thinks the Education .Bill . , should ; : .- :be. . , . carried out in accordance with, the intentions of its framers, and that the Real ?Property Act should be amended, to render it work ,able,j is in favor of aflarge immigration, but opposed to the introduction of transports. If elected, he would take his seat as an independent member, but would sitand work with the; present; sitting member (Mr 0!Grady) for the good of the district. At the.cloge.of his address,, a. vote, of confidence ,in him was proposed by Mr J. Carson, seconded by Mr.Tanner. :,. An amendment,' .deolai-ing; him not a fit and proper, person, was proposed by Mr Wheeler, secouded by Mr. Thomson, and carried on a division by,57 vdtes,;to~47. With this, result, the proceed ings., terminated. . Tlieiconduotof the meeting was remarkably orderly and temperate, from the opening ,tp the close. ., ?/ ?i'--!!-'---1-'. ' ???'?i: :-??'.- -.?.-? i ! ' A sample of cotton1 of the variety known as ' New Orleans,'?was laid Upon the table of the. Legislative Assembly,1 ;ou-'Wodriesday evening, by Mr J. -'M.' ' Grant, the 'member for AvooaJ The sample was ac companied1 by the following 'encouraging report ':4 ' Mplbburno; 27th May, 1863.-^-I-have examined the samplo of cotton' left with ine this morning, the prb dixco of this oolbnyi and1 according to the classifica tion of cotton in; the Liverpool market; I shbuld; describe it as t Good,' fair,'- very clean, and free from leaf,1 fair and strong staple, aiid' good color. If 1 had seen the sample without being told'whero it was produced, I should at once have pronounced it tb be Georgia or South CaroUna— ;Avhat is known in the trade prices cuiTerit as ,« uplands.'. The staple is rather, short, but strong, and Buch a class of . cotton would' ineet with ft far' reudior market at all times than: the very fine ? long-stapled article of the Sea Island species, of 'whioh^ v I believe, the most of the samples produced in this hennsphoro have consisted. Tho consumption' of that class is very limited, but for such a class of cotton as that before me, there is a- constant and ready siilo. It is tlio Uireo per cout. consols of the cotton market. v Haying, had nearly fifteen years' experience as a cotton broker/ in-&e;'': daily pra'cticeof valuingi buying; -ahd Celling ?during that ? period, I- have, no, hesitation' in confidently giving the above; opinion.— Thomas Blackbubn.''; — The grower, Mr W. ? H. Wingfield, is a resident at Inglewbod, but the cotton -was ';grown on his farm, about: four miles distant,. on the banks of the Lod don. Mr Wingfield has .kindly favored, U3 with a sample, which;Ues at pur. office, for inspection. . ? - -Inireference to the;contest for the representation of the South, Province, in ; the. Legisktive Council, Mr.LP,;. O'Brien announces) that ,he will i 'meet the electors, at Eltham, on; Saturday evening; The pollings wilL.take place;; on Monday; next, the 1st of .^une. ; .;! ... :.. ».??:, ? ..;.,.. . .-, ,.,,'. . ,. .. i-,.-i -, . The Legislative Assembly met on Thursday after- : noon, but not ^to do business ; for as soon as the ? Speaker had read, a letter which' had been received from his ^Excellency i the' Governor, acknowledging the ? Congratulatory address agreed to by the House on the occasion of the royal marriage, hon-meriibers on both sides of the House clainored for an adjournment, which was accordingly proposed: by Mr G'Shanassy, andagreed to, until. Tuesday next. : Jn moving the resolution, however^ Mr O'Shanassy; remarked that ' the session, having already; extended over six months, uhon. members ?would have; to. proceed earnestly with the business, as .there.were several important, measui-es, to be con sidered before the session, came , to a close.-: Mr' Brodribb expressed adesire tplmow what the im portant measures were; which , the. . Government in tended to introduce; and Mr O'Shanassy, in spite of several hint3 anent the Newspaper. Bill, replied, that the measures to which he alluded were six or seven in number, and hon. members knew very well what they were: .;; , -? , : '???:.-.? The scheme for the establishment of a manu factory of tweed cloth, at Bacchus Marsh, has been so far successful that the whole of the necessary capital 'for the proposed; company has been sub scribed)' '. and operations will be commenced as soon as the company cai'be incorporated under a; limited liability Act.: In the meantime there are daily indi ?cations .that .the :manufactory, when started, . will prove a:8uccessful speculation. With regard to the supply of labor, Mr 'Cooling, the promoter of ; the company, has ascertained that there, are many work men in the colony,, at present engaged in other avbcations.but at home conversant with the various processes; in woollen manufactures, from carding to weaving and dressing, who would at once accept employment! in.'the;proposed establishment, and that, too, ata very, reasonable irate of remuneration. Mr Cooling has also had applications from, persons dealing: in' such goods for a supply of the tweeds, to an extent which would completely carry off the first twelvemonths' ; production.- The announcement, of this project has certainly brought out the fact, that there are a great many more people interested in, and willing to support local manufactures than was ,at one time supposed to be possible. ' -,...' 1 The increasing demand1 for bone 'manure is a gra tifying proof of bur agricultural progress. We described some time back the operations and process carried on at the Ploinington Mills ; we have now to notice another active establishment — that of Messrs Collins and Co., in Brunswick street, Htz roy. It may be remarked that there are two modes of preparing bones as manure.' Some manufacturers, before |putting them into the mill, |subject them to the action, of steam, .which dissolves . two-thirds of the gelatine, in order, , as believed, to facilitate pulverisation. Messrs Collins and Co. adopt no such preliminary process, but the bones are at ?.:.- once put into the mill as. they come; from the collectors. The bone^mill is, com- paratively simple in , construction, butyery. effec tive in its action. It consists of two. drums,. the sur faces ' of which are covered, with strong solid iron teeth of- an angular shape. The drums revolve con versely, and, receiving the bones between them, soon grind them to fragments. Messrs Collins and. Co. have, three mills. By passing* through the first, bone dust is, prepared, the atoms of which are of not more than a half -inch in size, the larger proportion being, of course^ a great deal less. For the preparation of fine bone, dust, they employ other two mills, which have much smaller teeth., ,One of ! them, likewise, is different in its motion, in so far as one of tlie drams goes four times as quickly as tlie other ; and| by this action, the bones :which-! have' 'previously passed though the other, two mills arereduced to .-powder. - The, ? .mills ' are driven ; by a horizontal steam-engine . of ; ten horse -power. Con nected with tho . same establishment, is a flock manufactory, the raw materials for which ore wool len rags, bought from collectors. The suitable por tions having, been . seleotedj they are put. in to a ma chine, which is fitted with innumerable long sharp teeth, and which soon restores them to their original condition — wool.. 'This is ; then passed through the 'JYorksbire devil '—-certainly a terrible name, but the appearance of tho machine is quite as fierce— which, going at the.extraordinary rate of 700 revolutions in a minute, completely clears the material of any particle of dust or filth, and the flook is ready, for the cus tomers— ? the coach-builder and the upholsterer. Both are important branches of industry, and they. are conducted with enterprise and intelligence. A deputation; consisting of Messrs Tucker and Spinks, members of the managing committee of the Yandoit Gold- fields Commons, introduced by Messrs HumffrayandFrazer, M.L.A.'s, waited on Thursday on the President of the Board of Land and Works, at the Crown Lands Offices, Latrobe street west. Mr Humffray explained that they came to ask that a piece of land adjoining the Yandoit Gold-fields Commons ! might be added to it. .The distriot was at the'present time suffering from pleuro-pneumonia, and the' managers of the common in question were anxious to 'keep it clear from infection. Owing to the fact that this pieoo; of land, adjoining the com mon, was, at the present time, in the legal occu pation of no person, it-was impossible for the ?managera' to prevent the straying on to it of' strange- cattle, which, mingling with their- own, might' infect : them. Mr Duffy said the matter -: could be got over by letting the land on tender to .some person. Mr' Frazer . said : tho stock on it were already ; in excess of its capabilities. In reply to ? Mr Duffy, Mr Humffray read soino statistics, showing that there were at present depastured on it 149 horses, 937 cattle, 426 goats, find 165 swine. Mr Tucker said the fees for depasturing the stock were 3s per head ; the goats and swine were also paid for. Mr Daily said1 he should like to know whether tlie the present common was iu excess of the quantity allowed undor tlie Act — ^sufficient to depasture four head of cattle to every person entitled to avail therii uolvesof tho common, In a great many places it had. been found that the managing committee had sublet the commons either to the original squatters or to some other persons' making a trade of them — a pur pose -they were never intended to be applied to. Mr Frazer said there were a number of dairymen depasturing stock, and the land, although a gold fields common, was situated in the midst of an agricul tural district and much required by the neighborhood. Mr Duffy said tlie Governor had , power under the Act to, increase the gold-fields common, but not heybrid the i maximum limit named in the Act. Be fore., he* could ! promise to give this additional quantity, 't;he '''deputation had better ascertain from the. Chief Secretary!? department that the number of miners there- would warrant the addition of this unoccupied piece .of land— (Mr Spinks said the nuinber of miners there was about 900)— if if; would not, the land might be let to them, or some other person, by tender, so as to prevent the intru sion on it of strange cattle. The deputation then withdrew. A ball in celebration of her Majesty's birth- day, was held in the Town Hall, Prahran, on Thursday. There, was a large attendance of the youth and beauty of the district, and the spacious and hand some hall presented a gay appearance. To the inspiring, strains of an excellent band, the merry dance , 'was ,; kept, up, until an advanced hour. Any, surplus in the - proceeds derived from the sale of admission tickets is, we understand, to be distributed atiiong the poor of the municipality, and in consideration of this the Council granted the free use. of the hall. It is expected that the surplus will be considerable, and the manner in which the ar rangements were carried out reflects, credit on the the chief , promoters, Dr Philips, Mr Munday, and Mr Morris Lee. , , 