OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] [Abridged.] London, Thursday, March 26, 1863. It is been said that the English are a slow, unim-<*> pulsive people, but that when once thoroughly roused they cannot be surpassed in their demonstrations of strong feeling. The glorious-wonderful reception of -..-_.,_ ~_„u g. _.„_ £._..-__. ___._._,._._. .___{,.__._. _. the Princess Alexandra of Denmark, and the universal rejoicing on the wedding-day of the Prince of Wales, give color to the remark. In this esse there was every thing but official encouragement to raise the popular excitement- A wedding is the great epoch in the lives of civilised mortals which always arouses interest, especially among the fair sex. In this case there wae youth and beauty, a love match (aa Lord Palmerston has told us); the heir apparent of the British Crown, after such a training as few princes have had, enter ing upon public life; the son of a Queen who, by a long life of exemplary devotion to the duties of ber position, has given a new and deeper expression to loyalty, and who is still mourning tbe loss of her beloved husband and adviser. Is it wonderful that under such a combination of favorable circumstances tbe British people should, as by one common impulse, resolve on making such a demonstration of loyalty and welcome as perhaps the world has never witnessed ? . The extraordinary features of this great historical event appears all the more remarkable if one reverts for a moment to the last marriage of a Prince of Wales. The contrast is remarkable. In April, 1795, the hapless Caroline, the selected consort of Prince George, arrives in a sailing vessel—steamers being . then unknown—after a very tedious passage, at ? Greenwich. And here let Lord Malmesbury, who escorted the royal bride, complete the ead story. " ' Sunday, April s.—At 8 the Princess got into the Royal yacht (Augusta)—pleasant and prosperous ' sail to Greenwich, where we arrived at 12 o'clock. The King's coaches not yet arrived, owing as I hsve ' since heard, to Lady not being ready; she, ' Mrs. Aston, and Lord Claremont, came to meet the ' Princess. We waited at least an hour for the carriages, and were very attentively, bnt awkwardly, re- , ceived by Sir W. Pattison, G-overnor of the Hospital, and his two sisters. ... There waa very littla ' crowd, and still leas applause on the road to London, where we arrived and were set down at St. James's ! about half-past 2.' ' " Now comes the * close of all'—the catastrophe of all promise of good for two lives! " I immediately notified the arrival to the Sing and ' Prince of Wales —the last came immediately. I, ' according to the established etiquette, introduced (no ? one else being in the room) the Princess Caroline to I him. She very properly, in consequence of my ' saying to her it was the right mode of proceeding, ' attempted to kneel to him. He raised her (grace- I fully enough), and embraced her, said barely one word, ' turned round, retired to a distant part of the apart- i ment, and calling me to him. said, * Harris, I am not ' well; pray get me a glass of brandy.* I said,'Sir, ] had yoa. not better have a glass of water ?'—upon ' which he, much out of humour, said, with an oath, ! 'No; I will go directly to the Qaeen,* and away he ' went. The Princess, left during this short moment ' alone, was in a state of astonishment; and on my ' joining her, said, 'Mon Dieu! est ce que le Prince est * toujours comma cek ? Je le trouve tree gros, et < I nullement aussi beau que son portrait' I said hiei ' Royal Highness was naturally a good deal affected ' and flurried at this first interview, but she certaiclv would find him different at dinner. She was die- ' posed to further criticism on this occasion, which ' would have embarrassed me very mneh to answer, if ' luckily the Sing had not ordersd me to attend ' him. j "At the marriage,' concludes Lord Malmesbury, ' 'the Prince very civil and gracious, but I thought I < could perceive he -nas not quite sincere, and cor- < tainly unhappy; and as a proof it, he had mani- ' festly had recourse to wine or spirits. It is impos- ] sible to conceive or foresee any comfort from this ] connection, in which I lament very much having ' taken any share, purely paseive as it -was.'" ] The contrast between 1795 and 1863 is as complete ' as possible. A year or more the Prince of Wales had ' wooed before he won his bride in the quiet of un- 1 official life at Heidelburg. From her homo in Cop sn- ' hagen to Brussels, the journey of the Princess < Alexandra was one continual ovation. Scientific ' forecast secured her a quiet passage across the sea < from Antwerp, by anticipating a sou'-wester, aud she ' came over in the lovely moonlight escorted by the I two greatest types of maritime strength—the Warrior ' and Revenge—which this or any age has produced, in i seven short hours—the Boyal Yacht, bearing its pre- J clous freight, being anchored securely at Margate, < while all England on Friday morning, March Gth, wae < indulging in anxious forebodings on the sudden 1 break up of fine weather. I Ofthe scene at Margate the nest day, tbe passage to the Nore, the illumination of the fleet there, the < animated spectacle presented by Old Fatber Thames, i when the Princess and her family disembaiked at ! Gravesend next morning, I leave the newspaper?, which < quite abandoned themselves to elaborate description, I to speak. At Margate, "the winning grace ? and indescribable charm of manner" of i England's adopted daughter began that t conquest which was to be completed on 60 i grand a scale on the morrow. The Terrace Pier, i Gravesend, decked out with singular taste and pro- , fusion, was the chosen place for landing, and here was . the Prince of Wales ready to welcome hia bride in a : very different style to the reception at St. I James' sixty-eight years ago. "He had just pre i viously hastily received an address from the Corpora tion, and preceded by the Mayor, rapidly passes I down the pier amidst tho most enthusiastic greetings oftbe company, to wliich he gratefully responds, and i with an impatient step bows to those around him, boi nds on to the yacht, and salutes his future bride. . Rapid sb was the action, it was understood even by those who saw not the unaffected token of a fond ! affection given; and a chorus of acclamations ringing through the air, mingled with fervent cries of ' G-od bless him,* attested the effect produced." Unquestionably the landing at Gravesend was the . prettiest and most becoming part of the day's pro [ ceedings, as were the decorations the most beautiful ? along the route to Windsor. When the procession . began to more from the head of the pier towards the . Railway Station the 60 young ladies, of ages varying . from 14 to 18, who had been selected from the daughters of the residents as the offerers of the floral tribute, began to strew their primroses and violets in the path of the illustrious pair, making altogether a picture of extreme beauty, of which, I am sorry to " eay, the fflutiralecl Kerns, with all its deftness, gives \- no adequate conception. r For a full week previous to the 7th, mighty London had been more completely unhinged than has been . known since the 13uke of Wellington's funeral. I Business was more and more suspended, crowds of people daily and almost nightly filled the streets to f witness the preparations, the sound of axes and y hammers tilled the air, shops along the route pre | _ented rows of scarlet covered seats, the traffic in a which superseded the buying and selling of goods; and when it is stated that the best seats for viewing the procession every where commanded a guinea, the anxiety of the public to welcome the Princess may be I'. imagined. On Saturday morning, wliich opened raw 5 and cold, some three or four hours before the event '" of the day, I forced my way as expeditiously as pos r sible—which means very slowly indeed—from London Bridge to Fleet-street. Tbe entire line was in pos e session of a dense mass of human beings, and help-' . less vehicles endeavouring to carry their occupants to . their appointed positions. The Bridge was alive . with flags, portraits of sturdy Danish Kings, the vista toward, the city being closed with a gigantic triumphial arch, appropriately decorated. On each . side the houses to their upper story presented an end c less success of bright and eager feces, festooned windows and gay banners floating in the breeze. The Mansion-house was tastefully decorated, the Exchange in holiday attire, the roof of the Bank pre sented the unaccustomed spectacle of groups of ladies, 1 dressed in Danish colors. Onward through the * surging roaring crowd along the Poultry, most trying f of gorges, into Cheapside, well nigh canopied with . bunting from side to side, repeating in every form 1 the national welcome. In St. Paul's Church-yard > there was, if possible, increased crowding and bustle. ? Tiers of seats erected in the most substantial manner , at a cost of some £7,000 ran round the grand old Cathedral on the south side, and happy the mortal, _ who, by private interest, had secured a look ont \ beneath that temporary roof. Arrived &t; the western ' facade the eye could range down Ludgate Hill with 1 its flags flying, crowded windows, and ever-present -X__.ii_tl.s9 multitude in possession of road and cause | way. After this difficult, not to eay dangerous, ? journey of a mile, one was glad to sit in quiet in a window in Fleet-street, and speculate how the Boyal > cortege was to force its way through the innumerable host from the Bricklayers' Arms Station to remote Paddington. How the Princess, her betrothed, and her family, started from the station in tbe Boyal carriages, made their way slowly to Loudon Bridge, where the huge Civic procession with great difficulty formed in ad vance, and lost a full half hour—how the cavalcade was brought to a dead lock opposite the Mansion house, and the carriage containing the Prince and Princess was wedged in the crowd, so that the London gamins actual clambered up its sides, aud got between and under the horses to the manifest alarm of Her Boyal Highness; the wild enthusiasm of the people, the blun ders of the city authorities, and the ludicrous helplessness of tbe police and Lord Alfred Paget's presence of mind in this " squash," and how the pro cession had to fight its way down Cheapside—is re corded in detail by the faithful chroniclers who walked on foot in rear of the Boyal carriages. Ofthe not least effective scenes was when the cortege emerged from Cheapside in face of St. Paul's. As tbe royal carriages came round the corner of the churchyard the entire mass of spectators on the great , stand arose and deafening cheers were diversified witb the waving of myriads of handkerchiefs, kept up till the procession had passed. ' The young Princess first glanced at the wonderful dome of the stately pile before her, and then looking ; at the not less marvellous eight prepared for her own < especial honour, her Boyal Highness became visibly : affected, and bowed her acknowledgments with much i grace aud feeling. Prince Christian stood up in the ] carriage, and removing his hat, saluted the people re- ? peatedly; and the Princess Louise, to whom the * Prince of Wales gave some explanations in reference to this magnificent doiuonstration, returned the warm < greetings of the assembled ladies. The Prince of ' Wales also seemed much gratified, as well he might . be, for such a progress round St. Paul's no Boyal i cortege had ever made before. I The civic part of the procession was somewhat I dreary when waiting for a Princess; the old familiar * Lord Mayor's sbow becomes a bore, and the long file ' of Aldermen's aud Councilmen's carriages a distrac- I tion. So thought las they passed up the narrow i lane made in Fleet-street by the efforts of mounted ? artillerymen and files of policemen combined. At last ' the royal carriages approach, and the Princess i Dagmsr, taken for her elder sister, is vociferously i cheered. A long break, a general sensation, and the < next carriage is not to be mistaken. The crowd rush i to the sides, barely kept off by the mounted equerries; ? handkerchiefs wave; the air is rent with acclama i tions; and there is the yonng Princess, pale bat 3 beautiful, bowing with a heartiness that is touching < when one remembers the ordeal ehe must have already I passed through, and looking in her plain tulle bonnet < and violet velvet mantle worthy a nation's welcome. 1 Her face was more womanly and exhibited more cha- i racter than the current photographs. But I quote i the descriptions, though not quite in accord, of far ; more accurate observers than myself:— 1 The Z.Bj_*saya:—''The portraits of the Princess * and Prince of Wales together (which were taken at ' Brussels) are precisely like her. Tbe Paris photo- ] graphs, taken from a painting done more than a year ' ago, not only are not so like, bat do her an injustice, j inasmuch as they render nothing of the expression of ' thorough good nature and good humour which beam j from her countenanca, and light it up into a look . which is almost fascinating when she speak?. Her - grace, modesty, and beauty won all hearts. Her ' winning smile, the roses which mantled on her fair * cheek, the sweet earnestness of purpose which shone ; in her features, made the old enthusiastic and threw ? the young into raptures." ' As the Princess stepped on shore her features \ lighted up with a most enchanting smile as she first caught a sight of the pretty avenue before her. The ] face may be described as a long oval, and in its general appearance differs very much from the ? Teutonio type of face of the Germans. The facial ' line is straighter, and—if such an expression could be ? permitted—more perpendicular than in the faces oft he members of onr own Boyal family, while the breadth across the face on the level ol the eye is Ibbb. Tne forehead is ' full, finely formed, and what may be called well balanced, there being a very fair proportion of the perceptive and reflective faculties. She possesses j what phrenologists would describe as individuality to a considerable extent, while eventuality is less fully . developed. Firmness and decision of character, with feminine gentleness, are very happily blended in her . i general expression. The hair, being worn back from ths forehead, does not admit of much of it being seen , when wearing a bonnet, bnt it appears to be a lightish golden brown—not auburn, but brown, just slightly , tinged with gold, which would show very distinctly when the light falls upon it- . The eyes are full of tenderness; their colour is grey, but they have such fine large pupils that they almost J give an appearance of blackness to the whole surface. , The mouth is prettily shaped, rather small, the lips , delicately moulded, and the chin rounded with exquisite delicacy. Her voice is silvery and musical, . and, when speaking English there are faint and pretty traces of a foreign accent. The smile that played upon her features as she walked up the pier was enchanting. The Princess Alexandra has in person far mora than realised all the hopes that ? heralded her coming; and if first impressions are to . be trusted, she has already made a conquest over the hearts of her future subjects as rapid and complete { as that so tersely described in the celebrated despatch . of the great Roman conqueror. Those who caught ever so transiently the expression of that bright, . serious, girlish face are not likely to forget it. They , saw queenly dignity blended with almost childish grace; exquisite purity, depth, and naturalness of . feeling united to a native reserve indicative of self reliance and latent power. The intelligence of the . Princess's expression is as striking and characteristic as the beauty of her features and the loveliness of her . complexion. With the sweet and radieut look of a happy and confiding nature there is blended an element of noble seriousness and reflective power. At Temple Bar, which was decorated with much _ taste, the euormous civic procession filed off down , Chancery Laue, and when once the royal carriages | had cleared that obstruction, they were free to j quicken their pace through tho Strand; Trafalgar ? Square and onwards to Hyde Park, were still crowded j with enthusiastic spectators. In Pall Midi, in front of the Clubs, along St. James's-str _et, and in front of j the splendid mansions of the nobility in Piccadilly, the aristocracy took their turn, Lord Palmerston and the Duke of Cambridge being conspicuous among the observers. Once in the Park, the scene again changes, and the carriages pass between two ranks of 16,000 volunteers. Marylebone and Paddington at the further side had prepared two triumphal arches in addition to the other marks of welcome- There have been various calculations of the num- ' bers present at this overwhelming welcome—f.om " three to one million. The latter is probably nearest 1 the mark. When the train conveying the royal ' party stopped at Slough, the rain had begun to fall heavily, and though Eton and Windsor were en fete and illuminated, the unfavourable weather spoilt the ; festive display. It was half-past six when the Princess^ i Alexandra " with not a trace of fatigue on her beau tiful countenance," was cordially welxsomed by the , Boyal widow, after a reception such as no Princess ? has ever before received. < On Monday there was a grand state dinner and < evening party in Windsor Castle, noticeable chiefly because the Queen had so far overcome her usual habit as to be present. The marriage was solem nized at St. George's Chapel, Windsor, on Tuesday, with great splendour, and Her Majesty, in her widow's garb, witnessed the ceremony from a gal- , lery. Of tiie members of the royal family Prince i Alfred, just risen from his sick bed at Malts, was alone absent. There have been many and varying accounts of tlio august ceremony published—that in the Times, from the pen of Mr. Woods, being tbe most stately. Amongst the guesta was Mr. Russell (of the Times), who has been engaged to write a history of the mar riage from tbe starting of the Princess from Copen hagen, for a magnificent illustrated volume published by Messrs. Day. The present AustraUan mail groane with the mass of illustrated papers Bent out to give our brethren an idea of the events of the 7th and 10th, 80 far as can ba done by the pencil of the artist. ! In every city, town, and hamlet of the kingdom > the wedding- day of the Prince aud Princess of Wales ?was celebrated with extraordinary rejoicings, and it : is estimated, I know not on wbat data, that from \- first to last fully a quarter of a million must have i been expended iu connexion with the happy event. \- Volunteer reviews, corporate processions and ban ? quote, processions of school children, and treats and j dinners to the poor, were the order of the day; illu . minations, fireworks, and bonfires the order of the 9 night. ? Arthur's Seat, Edinburgh, and one of the . Grampiaus were lighted np; many a conspicuous i church was illuminated, while on the Beacon of the \- Malvern range there was an immense bonfire, which 1 was responded to from all the bills within fifty miles. . In London the illuminations were on a eeale of bril -3 liancy never before known, not even at the Celebes ? tion of peace after tbe Crimean war. Every omnibus, , cab, and van of London seemed to bo pressed into 5 service on the night of the 10th, and there was < ? almost as great a multitude present as on the 7th. i The result was, spite of police regulations, deadlocks j t everywhere, and, worse still, the most awful pressure, I in which six or seven women were unhappily crushed . to death, and as many as a hundred persons mora or \- less injured. These serious calamities have thrown a I gloom over the royal wedding, and with the , failure of the arrangements at the entry of ; the Princess have given rise to animated . discussions in Parliament, which foreshadow the abolition of the separate jurisdiction of the City police. Altogether the Lord Mayor and Corporation, notwithstanding their lavish expenditure and presen tation of a magnificent necklace, worth £10,000, to r the Princess Alexandra, do not ehine in connection with the celebration, and all the odium incurred is i tbe result of their stupid obstinacy in refusing the assistance of the Horse Guards and Chief Commis sioner of Police. I turn with great reluctance from this bright pas sage in our national *?in?l_ to the gloom which over shadows our great northern industry. The problem, what ie to be done with our Lancashire opera tives, presses for solution. That heroic patience and fortitude which has excited the admira tion of the world has, in one district, given way. There have been serious riots at S-aleybridge and Ashton, originating in the former town. There the rate of relief has been proportionately higher than in other towns, and folly one-half ofthe entire popu lation has been supported either by the Poor Law Board or the Belief Committee, or the funds which too zealous clergymen have been able to obtain from a distance, and dispense with lavish and sectarian hand. The town had become demoralised, and to mitigate the evil the Belief Committee proposed to distribute help in tickets for food, &c;_ instead of money. This proposal excited towards the dose of last week great discontent. The idle operatives left their schools, met together, refused the tickets, and got turbulent, till at last the worst disposed and least reflecting, the Irish and raw lads, went in a mob through the town, broke into provision shops, rifled the relief stores, and wrecked the houses of the most prominent distributors of elms. Of course the police, and subsequently the military, were called out, and they had to charge tbe mob, and arrest great numbers. This was on Friday last. On Saturday the scura Of the population, which unhappily com prised a large number, visited the adjoining town of Ashton, and there similar scenes were repeated, with a like issue. They have also visited other neighbour ing towns, but the authorities have taken snch energetic measures that the rioters have done little harm. On Monday a mob of Irish and lads sent to Ashton were intercepied by the police and military and driven back. Simultaneously, the real opera tives of Staleybridge, freed from these works, met together and resolved to accept the tickets of relief for last week, hitherto refused, leaving future arrangements open, and resolving to return to the schools, which had been abandoned. This untoward event has created wide-Spread apprehen sion, and the question—what is to be done with the operatives for the future—is anxiously discussed. It may be a year or two before the American war ter minates. It must be a long time before the industry of Lancashire is reorganised, and no one expects it to resume ite previous prosperity for years to come. Mr. Potter proposes a Government loan to Lanca shire to keep the operatives till they are required. He has given notice of a motion in the House of : Commons tbat he will, after the Easter recess, more for a select committee to inquire into the state of the cotton manutactu-ing districts, the mode in which re lief was administered therein by boards of guardians and relief committees, and the policy of emigration as a means of relief. Emmigration is, indeed, the panacea urged by all the leading organs of the press. Some propose a parliamentary grant of two or three millions for that purpose; others, tbat Government ships ehonld be used to take out emigrants. Those who represent Victoria, Queensland, and __ew Zealand in this country are active in calling attention to the votes of money by the colonial legislatures for immigration, and in asking for sub scriptions for the outfits of those intending to go out. The subject has been discussed by the Lord Mayor's ______________ Committee; bnt they do not feel able to devote any portion of their funds to the expenses of , outfit and journey to the port of embarkation. The Hon. A. Kinnaird, M.P. and Mr. B: Benson, Treasurers of the British Ladies' Female Emigrant Society, have, however, written to offer the services of their Committee in organising the necessary pre luminaries, and they invite subscriptions for the pur pose. There is also a stir among the operatives themselves. Those in Ashton have agreed to me morialise the Colonial Office for aid, to be applied in carrying ont the operatives to the colonies. Even the absorbing interest of the royal wedding has not been able to quench our interest in the fate ' of Poland, the victim of nearly a century of repres- ' sion—the country which more than any other has exhibited the vitality of national feeling. Up to within the last week the success of the Polish insur rection had become in British—in European—eyes, a ' possibility, and all Europe, from Sweden to Portugal, had begun to exhibit its sympathy with this historical : struggle. Day by day we heard of the extension of the insarr ection, and of the inability of Bnssia to ' cope with the wide-spread revolution against the hereditary foes of Poland. The revelations as to the conclusion of a convention between Prussia and Russia, by which the former Power made common cause witb the latter, excited the execration of all Europe, and obliged the two great Western Govern ments to take diplomatic action. Encouraged by these demonstrations, the Prussian Chamber of De puties by a vote of four to one condemned the course taken by their Sovereign- Tfas British Parliament followed suit, aud with unanimous voice declared that Poland ought not again to be tramped under the heel ' of her ruthless oppressor. Then came the news of ' the continued successes of Langiewiez, and the growth ' of his guerilla force into an army of 12,000 men, ' which baffled the Eussian regular troops, kept open ' the frontier of Galieia, and enabled the Poles to obtain supplies of arms. At length Langiewiez, ' in concert with the National Committee at ' Warsaw, assumed the Dictatorship, issued a ] proclamation, and became the hero of all ' Europe for about a fortnight. Over a tract of more ' than 500 miles the guerilla bands continued to spring up, and often to gain victories and cut off the hated ' Cossacks. In Warsaw the great nobles, who had hitherto held aloof, showed signs of yielding to the ' national movement; the independent members ofthe Council of State resigned; then the municipality, and oven the Bussianised Archbishop of Warsaw. Mean time, however, the Bussian columns were closing around Liangiewiez, who, in spite of successes, found himself inextricably involved in their toils. He re* solved to divide his army into several columns that some might escape. This demoralised them. He and some of his officers then left in secret, reached the Austrian frontier under feigned names, but were detected and imprisoned. The insurrection seems to ' be dead in that part of Poland, bat elsewhere it flourishes, and will _____ many months to subdue, Tbe Czar is, it is said, resolved first to trample it out and then proclaim an amnesty. France applauds his generosity, Austria ia strictly neutral, and England can only give sympathy. 