TO C0URK3P0XDENTS. SCToral letters are in type. Communications addrerscd to u.s arc ennstmtl rejcctc<l in conequcucc of our rule not being com piled with, that every letter must be authenticated by the real name and nddrcs of the writer. Mil. L. L. Smith's love of notoriety lias linen gratified to the fullest extent, lie has assaulted a Minister of the Crown in the precincts of the Legislative Assembly, committed a gross breach of the privileges of that I louse, done his utmost to lower its character in the estimation of the community, and lias constituted the exclusive subject of debate for the greater part of one entire evening. It was the cheapest stroke of advertising he ever did. It literally- cost him nothing, — nothing, that is to say, worth speaking of. In the case of any other member of that House, such a proceeding would have involved the loss of his self-respect. But has Mr. L. L. Smith any to lose ? In the case of persons of gentlemanly feeling there would have been tho experience of a feeling of remorse for the commission of a w inton, coolly premeditated, and vulgarly perpetrated assault ; hut does Mr. L. - L. Smith know anything of such remorse ? " Punch has no feelings," said old Sam Johnson, in one of his sarcastic moods, referring to David Gaiuuck. Does Mr. L. L. Smith possess any ? You cannot apply to his conduct the same canons of criticism which you would apply to that of ordinary indi viduals ; for lie is an extraordinary, or, if we may he permitted to coin a word for the occasion, an i»/>a-ordinary per son. He is a moral phenomenon, a lu.ius natural, a legislatorial curiosity. His admission to the Legislature is a standing topic of astonishmentto stran gers visiting the colony, and a subject of very doubtful profit to the colony itself. Mr. Guli.y-, tho prizefighter, in spite of his antecedents, possessed the instincts of a gentleman, and was re garded as such by the most refined of his associates in the House of Commons; whereas Mr. Jj. L. Smith is — Mr. L. L. Smith. He stands the sole representative of a new species — some thing unique and abnormal. Nothing can exceed his stupendous effrontery, unless it ho his sublime ignorance. Thero is only one thing more remarkable than his intellectual obtuseness, and that is his inaccessibility to anything like delicacy of feeling. Had he lived seventy or eighty years ago, and prac tised in Paris, he would have made an excellent member of the Com mittee of Public Safety, his peculiar characteristics would have been abun dantly indulged in, and his cravin«- fof notoriety- absolutely satiated. InVic- toria, in f.l:0 aGConti iialf of the nine- ! tAynth century, he is out ot place and out of date. His vulgarity, his violence, his dis regard" of tho usages of society and the proprieties which characterise the in tercourse of gentlemen, meet with no defenders, and find hut faint apologists even among those with whom he ordi narily acts and votes. It is creditable to their good sense and right feeling that, while they were anxious to miti gate the penalties incurred by Mr L. L. Smith, they shrank from counte nancing his. reprehensible miscon duct. For every member of the House must have felt that he might he tho next who would be singled out ns the victim of an outrage as gross as that" inflicted upon the Minister of Justice; and although we have a suffi ciently good opinion of tho moral courage and physical stamina of nine- tenths of tho members of the Assembly, to believe that each of tliem would be perfectly well able to defend himself against the representative of South Bourke, yet very few, wo are convinced, would care to stoop to stien an en counter ; seeing that conflict with such a person would ho degrading to his opponent, and triumph would bring no honor. Happily for Victoria, the time lias not yet arrived, and we have no fear that it over will arrive, when a course of pugilistic training will be ail indis pensable preliminary to a seat in Par liament ; or when it will he necessary to wear arms for the protection of honorable members from unmanly assaults on the part of one of their own. body. But if there were many L. L. Smith's in tho. Assembly, or if the outrago of last night had not been promptly met and dealt with we should" despair of the representative institu tions of our country. Meanwhile what do tho electors of South Bourke think of their representative ? Are they willing to endure the stigma which is necessarily fastened upon tliem by their untoward choice of such a member ? Are they disposed to become the Alsatia or tho Tipporary of Victoria, and to suffer for the faults of their representative ? We will not do tliem the cruel injustice to insinuate that Mr. L. L. Smith is the exponent of the intelligence, moral it-, and gentlemanly feeling of the district which has sent -him-into Parliament. We are strongly impressed with the conviction that his constituents will blush for the man of their choice (or the man they have apa thetically permitted to exhibit himself as such), and that they will indig nantly repudiate him and his acts. It \- would redound immensely to the credit of tho district of South Bourke, if it would confirm the emphatic rebuke administered to Mr L. L. Smith by the Legislative Assembly, by calling upon him by resign his seat. It would show their fellow-colonists, and it would \- rshow the people of England, that the moral sense of the electors of South Bourko revolted against practices which, if persisted in, would degrade our Legislature to the level of an American House of Representatives, and it would prove that that improve- ment in our political condition, for which our friends at a distance are giving us credit, is real, earnest, and progressive. The Legislative Assembly of Victoria, freed from the presence of Mr L. L. Smith, would immediately rise fifty per cent in the estimation of every genuine friend of free institu tions, and of Parliamentary Govern ment. The ill -Iccling- which has lately mnmfcsied itself in tho Legislative Assembly lias nt length come to n cuiniinnting point. Hitherto tiiis colony liml been spared the crowning disgrace of an actual recourse to violence within the walls of its Legislature. Unhappily, this freedom exists no lunger. The Minister of Justice, Mr Wood, was assaulted last night ill the refreshment room by Mr L. L. Smith, under the following circumstances. During the debate in commit tee upon Mr Smith's motion for granting L5 0 to each of the municipalities in aid of the lli-joiciug Fund, lie animadverted very strongly upon Mr Wood's conduct in counting out the House on Wednesday n'ght, and stigmatised such a proce dure as cowardly and contemptible. Srr Wood smiled at this, and Mr Smith rejoined that if the hon member did not know ltow to behave him self like a gentleman, he would make him. This remark was at tile time construed by some of the members who sat licnr Mr Wood tome.ru n threat of personal violence, but no further notice was taken. At the conclusion of Mr Smith's rc- mnrks, Mr Wood rose and said tlrut Ire had not wished to explain his motive for counting the House out, hut, ns Mr Smith had provoked him to an explanation, he would say that he thought the motion ltad better have been in the'chaigc of any other member. Mr Smith desired to known wlrat this inennt, and Mr Wood replied that the motion in the hands of Mr Smith was degraded to tire level of a quack advertisement. Mr Smith did not seem to hear tiro remark very well, appeared to imagine that it was even more stinging, and moved that it be taken down. Some hon members nround him explained what Air Wood had actually said ; Mr Smith seemed to coo! down, and the matter appeared to be forgotten. About an hour afterwards Mr Wood was nt dinner in the refreslimcnt-room, in company with Mr O'Shanassv, Mr Ireland, Air Wilson, Air Riddell, and some other gentlemen, when Mr Smith came upin a very excited manner, nnd asked Air Wood whether lie was prepared to retract what hehnd said in the House. Mr. Wood expressed his willingness to withdraw anything lie had said, if Mr. Smith would withdraw his offensive remark. Air. Smith ejaculated — "Then you will not apologise," and, on Air Wood reply ing that lie would not, he struck him in the face. The po'ice constable on duty in the lobby, was nt once sent for, and the lion member given into his charge. Air. Smith, however, managed to break away, and gained the sanctuary cf . the Assembly, the House not being sitting. The po iceman followed and tiicd to retake him, hut was told to withdraw. On the House resuming after dinner, the Attorney-General narrated tho occurrence, and movod that Air. Smith be taken into the custody of the Sergcnnt-nt-Arms. A long debate ensred, but ultimately the motion was assented to without a division. An arrange ment Imd previously been entered Into, with the consent of Air Alollison, Lieut. Smith, nnd Mr Al'Culloch, who acted ns the friends of Air Wood, tlint Air Smith, after being brought to the bar of the House in custody, should be re leased without payment of the fees incurred, amounting to LI (15, on his making an apology to Mr Wood and to the House. This course was eventually adopted, but not without strong opposition from Air Ireland and Mr Haines, both of whom thought that the punishment was not commensurate with the offence. A deputation, introduced by ATr Orr, waited upon the hon the President of the Board of Lands and Survey to request that a roadway might be proclaimed between the township at Wood's Junction — about forty miles beyond the Jmnieson 011 the way to the Jordan and the Morning Star Reef ; that the township might bo laid out, and the allotments sold; and that a portion of ground might bo reserved as a cemetery. Air Duffy said that as to the ctmetcry, the request must'- be in writing ; nnd as to the other matters, he referred them to the Surveyor-General, who would see that the wants et the population were provided for. We have received from Professor Neumnyer, a summary of the meteorological observations Liken during the month at the observatory. The mean pressure of air during tho month was 30 0.90, maximum being S0T81 and the minimum 20 893. The Iiighest tcmperaturc was 74"1, lind the lowest 47-2, the rneqn being C8'S. ; The amount of rainfall registered was p 758, anil the evaporation 2100. The prevailing winds were N. and N. E., with the exception the 20th, 27th, and 28th, when they were from. W. and S. W. ; there were 6 days of fog — 10 on wliich rain fell, nnd 2o on which dew was noticed. The weather generally was fine and pleasant. ; A meeting of tho Bridal Present Committee was held at the Town-hall, yesterday forenoon, at which it was resolved to add to the committee the nnmcs of all the chairmen of road boards throughout the colony, nnd that a circular should be sent to the various country districts requesting their co-operation with the general committee, which would meet every morning. A sub committee was appointed for the purpose: of mnkiiifr Ai-rnnfrenienLs tn institute n svstem nt collection, and it was resolved that lists should be opened at nil the banks, public institutions, nnd railway stations. The general collection in the city will not take place until after Tuesday- next. The Parliamentary banquet, to be given on Tuesday evening next, by his Excellency Sir Henry Bnrkiyiu honor of tlicmnrrlngeof II.R.II. the Prinec of Wales, will take place at six o'clock instead of at liolf-past Bcven, as was nt first intended. Wc are requested by tho Consul for the Netherlands, Air Ploos Van Arastel, to stnto, that in consequence of the number of invitntions which have been issued, tho ball to the officers of the Djambi will tako placo at St. Gcorgic's Ilall, instead of at Ilockin's hotel. The committee of the Benevolent Asylum acknowledges tho receipt of the following dona tions towards the festivities which the inmates ol' tlint institution will indulge in on Tuesday next : — Two bngs of flour nnd one caso of sherry from Air Charles Benson, Assembly hotel, Bourke street ; one case of ale from Air J. A. Kecnan, Elizabeth street ; one lilid of ale nnd one enlf from Mr Rigby, Council Club hotel ; one barrel of ale from Arcssrs Alurcutt, Terry, and Co, Flinders street ; one calf from Air Wiston, King street ; one ditto from Air Kerr, Queen street ; fowl from Air Calvert, Eastern ATnrket; one side of bacon from Air John AI'Donnell, Elizabeth street ; nnd LI from Air Thomas Al'Pherson, Spencer street A deputation from the Jnmioson, introduced by Air Orr, AT.L.A., waited ou Air Alitchcll, yesterday, nnd were promised a sum of L300 to erect three bridges on the bridle track from the Jnmieson to the township of Wood's Junction. Air Alitchcll also suid that lie would give L1000 towards cutting a mountain track for drays com ing from Alansficld. A numerously attended soiree, in connection with the Fitzroy Y'oung AI en's Alutual Improve-, ment Association, was held lost night in St. Alark's school-rooms. The chnlr wns occupied by Air Morris. Tho annual report, read by the secretary, was of a satisfactory nature, and showed a balaneo in hand. Several nddresscs were delivered in the course of the evening. The watermen of Alelbourne, determined not to be behindhand in manifesting their loyalty on the occasion of the general rejoicing on Tuesday next, intend to rig a boat on a carriage, to bo drawn by six horses, to join in the proposed pro cession. On the stem will lie tho Union Jack, supported by two mnu - of - war's men, nnd on a throne at the stern, Neptune in appropriate "gear," will take the com mand. 'The boat will be dressed vvith oak- leaf garlands and plenty of bunting, "including | the Union Jack and the Danish national flag. Such a feature in the Lord Alayor'a procession in London and at Fairlop Fair, wns always regarded with great favour, nnd credit is due to the Ynrra watermen forintroducing a novelty on this auspicious occasion, which will remind us of simiinr rejoicings at home. The cominittco of the Immigrants' Aid Society beg to acknowledge the receipt of a hogshead of nlc and a 2001b bag of flour from Air Benson, landlord of the Assembly hotel, for n festive treat to the inmates of the Home on Tuesday next. In the Legislative Council, yesterday, the I-ocnl Government Bill was re-cotnmittcd, and several verbnl amendments made. The clause exemping members #f Parliament from paying tolls was struck out on an amendment moved by Arr Fnwkner. The meetings appointed for Tuesday next in tbe Insolvent Court, have, in consequence of tlint day being proclaimed a general holiday, been postponed till Wednesday. The Criminal Sessions for the present month opened yesterday, but only four cases were dis posed of. William Turner Aylwin, who had been committed at the Hawthorn Police Court, for shooting with intent to do grievous bodily harm, was arraigned for common assault merely. lie wns acquitted. John Heather, for stealing wearing apparel, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labour. Bridget Cor- c ran nnd Julia M'Curtby, for robbing n digger, to eighteen months; and John -Dalesford, for unlawfully wounding, to twelve months. The sessions will be continued this morning, in the New Court. Yesterday was the lost day of the Divorce Court sittings. Judgment was reserved in the suit Millar v Annand. In the case of Bathgate v Bathgate the Court pronounced a dccrco for a judicial separation, considering that the peti tioner's own conduct had disentitled him from the relief of a dissolution of marriage. The divorce sittings having been unexpectedly brought to a termination yesterday, his -Honor, Sir Redmond Barry, will preside over the Criminal Sessions this morning, which will ho continued ia the New Court- house. Air Justice Mo'eswortli wil1, on Alondny, proceed with the equity nnd divorce business on the list for that day. A man named Alatthow Clarke, who was summoned as a witness in the Insolvent Court, yesterday, appeared before the Chief Com missioner in such a state of intoxication that he wns immediately committed to prison for twenty- four hours for contempt of Court. The Lonsdale Club will play the last match of the season this afternoon, sides to be chosen from tho initials A to Al and N to Z. A full attendance of members is requested, iu order to receive the report of the committee, and to deter mine on the expediency or otherwise of ploughing nnd sowing the ground for next season. The foot-ball match between the Alelbourne nnd St. Kilda Clubs, has, been put off, and in lieu thereof a scratch match will be played. Benjamin AYoolland, charged with embezzle ment, was again brought before the City Court, yesterday, and remanded. He was a clerk to Alcssrs Power and Rutherford at a salary, it is said, of 30s n week, and being petty cash keeper took the opportunity of appropriating L200 of his employers' money. At tho weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society held on Friday, the Superintendent marie the follow ing return : — Number of inmates la the Home as reported last week, 635; admitted since, 76; persons who have received out-door relief, 67 ; total relieved, 068 ; discharged from the Home during the week, 74; total at present remaining, 637 ; consisting of children chargeablo to the Government) 358; cases chargeable to the Society, 178 ; chargeable to the Benevolent Asylum, 1. The promoters of the Alonday Popular Con- \- certs announce their first concert in the Town- hall, Prahran, for Alonday evening next, and a grand day performance at two o'clock on the following day of rejoicing in St. George's Hall. These entertainments cannot, we think, fail of attracting tho favorable notice of the public, and we have good reason to know that, If they suc ceed, they will be continued during the winter months alternately in Prahran and Melbourno. The music lovers of our metropolis have now an opportunity of being amused and, perhaps, In structed at a very low cost, one shilling and two. shillings being the price ot admission. , Air C.' E. Mors ley. is the musical director,- and ample details respecting the programme and performance will be fouud in our advertising columns. - Tlio undertaking has our hearty wishes for Its suc cess. ' ' 