OUK LONDON NEWS-LETTER. — — ♦ ? [From oar own Correspondent! {Abridged.] London. Thursday, March 26. 1863. It is been said that the English are a slow, unim pulsive people, but that when once thoroughly roused they cannot be surpassed in their demonstrations of strong feeling. The glorious-wonderful reception of the Princess Alexandra of Denmark, and the universal rejoicing on the 'wedding-day of the Prince of Wales, give color to the remark. In this case there was every thing but official encouragement to raise the popular excitement. A wedding is the great epoch in the lives of civilised mortals which always arouses interest, especially among the fair sex. In this case there was youth and beauty, a love match (as lord Palmerston lias told as) ; the heir apparent of the British Crown, after such a training as few princes have had. enter ing upon public life ; the son of a Queen who, by a long life of exemplary devotion to the duties of her position, has given a new and deeper expression to loyalty, and who is still mourning the loss of her beloved husband and adviser. Is it wonderful that under such a combination of favorable circumstances the British people should, as by one common impulse, resolve on mailing euch a demonstration of loyalty and welcome as perhaps the world has never witnessed? . The extraordinary features of this great historical event appears all the more remarkable if one reverts for a moment to the last marriage of a Prince of Wales. 'The contrast is remarkable. In April, 1795, the hapless Caroline, the selected consort of Prince George, arrives in a sailing vessel — steamers being then unknown — after a very tedious passage, at Greenwich. And here let Lord MalmBsbury, who escorted the royal bride, complete the sad story. *c * Sunday, April 5. — At 8 the Princess got. into the Royal yacht (Augusta) — pleasant and prosperous sail to Greenwich, where we arrived at 12 o'clock. The King's coaches not yet arrived, owing as I have since heard, to Lady ? not being ready; she, Mrs. Aston, and lord Claremont, came to meet the Princess. We waited at least an hour for the carriages, and were very attentively, but awkwardly, re ceived by Sir W. Pafctison, Governor of the Hospital, -and his two sisters. ... -There was very little ' crowd, and still less applause on the road to Xiondon, where we arrived and were set down at St. James's about half-past 2.' 'How comes the 'close of all1 — the catastrophe of all promise of good for two lives ! 'I immediately notified the arrival to the TTing and Prince of Wales — the last came immediately. I, according to the established etiquette, introduced (no one else being in the room) the Princess Caroline to him. She very properly, in .consequence of my saying to her it was the right mode of proceeding, attempted to kneel to Mm. Hie raised her (grace fully enough), and embracedher, said barely one word, turned round, retired to a distant part of the apart ment, and calling me to him. said, 'Harris, I am not well ; pray get me a glass of brandy.9 I said, 'Sir, had you not better have a glass of water ?' — upon which he, much out of humour, said, with an oath, 'JSo ; I will go directly to the Queen,' and away he ?went. The Princess, left during this short moment alone, was in a state of astonishment; and on my joining her, said, ' Mon Dieu ! est ce que le Prince est tonjours comme cela ? Je le trouve tree gros, et zudlement anssi beau que sou portrait.' I said his Boyal Highness was naturally a good deal, affected and flurried at this first interview, but she certainly would find him different at dinner. She was dis posed to further criticism on this occasion, which would have embarrassed me very much to answer, if luckily the King had not ordered me to attend Jiim. ** At the marriage,' concludes Lord Malmesbury, ?the Prince very civil and gracious, but I . thought I could perceive he was not quite sincere, and cer tainly unhappy ; sad as & proof it, he had mani festly had recourse to wine or spirits. It is impos sible to conceive or foresee any comfort from this connection, in which I lament very much having taken any share, purely paseive as it was.' ' The contrast between 1795 and 1863 is as complete as possible. A year or more the Prince of Wales had wooed before he won his bride . in the quiet of un official life at Heidelborg. 'From her home in Copen hagen to Brussels, the journey of the Princess Alexandra was one continual ovation. Scientific forecast secured her a quiet passage across the sea from Antwerp, by anticipating a sou'-wester, and she came over in the lovely moonlight escorted by the two greatest types of maritime strength — the Warrior and Bevenge — which this or any age has produced, in ?even short hours — the Boyal Tacht, bearing its pre cious freight, being anchored securely at Margate, while all England on Friday morning, March 6oh, 'was indulging in anxious forebodings on the sudden break up of fine weather. Of the scene at Margate the next day, the passage to the More, the illumination of the fleet there, the animated spectacle presented by Old Father Thames, ?when' the Princess and her family disembarked at Gravesend next morning, I leave the newspapers, which quite abandoned themselves to elaborate description, to speak. At Margate, 'the winning grace and indescribable charm of manner' of England's adopted daughter began that conquest which was to be completed on so grand a scale on the morrow. The Terrace Pier, Oravesend, decked out with singular taste and pro fusion, was the chosen place for landing, and here was the Prince of Wales ready to welcome his bride in a very different style to the reception at St James' sixty-eight years ago. 'He had just pre viously hastily received an address from the Corpora tion, and preceded by the Mayor, rapidly passes down the pier amidst the most enthusiastic greetings of the company, to which he gratefully responds, and with an impatient step bows to those around him, boinds on to the yacht, and salutes bis future bride. Sapid as was the action, it was understood even by those who saw not the unaffected token of a fond anection given; and a chorus of acclamations ringing through, the air, mingled with fervent cries of * God bless him,' attested the effect produced.' Unquestionably the landing at Gravesend was the prettiest and most becoming part of the day's pro ceedings, as were the decorations the most beautiful along the route to Windsor: When the procession began to move from the head of the pier towards the Sail way Station the 60 young ladies, of ages varying from 14 to 18, who had been selected from the daughters of the residents as the offerers of the floral tribute, began to strew their primroses and violets in the path of the illustrious pair, making altogether a picture of extreme beauty, of which, I am sorry to say, the Illustrated News, with all its deftness, gives no adequate conception. For a full week previous to the 7th, mighty London had been more completely unhinged than has been known since the Duke of Wellington's funeral. Business was more and more suspended, crowds of people daily and almost nightly filled the streets to ?witness the preparations, the sound of axes and hammers filled the air, shops along the route pre sented rows of scarlet covered seats, the traffic in which superseded the buying and selling of goods ; and when it is stated that the best seats for viewing -' the procession everywhere commanded a guinea, the anxiety of the public to welcome tb.e Princess may be ... imagined. On Saturday morning, which opened raw . rjsad cold, some three or four. hours before the event . .. . . .of the day, I forced my way as expeditiously as pos sible — which means very slowly indeed— from London JBridge to Fleet-street. The entire line was in poB Mfftoa Hi ft dense mais of human, beings, and help less vehicles endeavouring to carry their occupants to their appointed positions. The Bridge was alive with flags, portraits of sturdy Danish Kings, the vista towards the city being closed with a gigantic triumphial arch, appropriately decorated. . On each side the houses to their upper story presented an end less success of bright and eager faces, festooned windows and gay banners floating in the breeze. The Mansion-house was tastefully decorated, the Exchange in holiday attire, the root of the Bank pre sented the unaccustomed spectacle of groups of ladies, dressed in Danish colors. Onward through the surging roaring crowd along the Poultry, most trying of gorges, into Cheapside, well nigh canopied with bunting from side to side, repeating in every form the national welcome. In St. Paul's Church-yard there was, if possible, increased crowding and bustle. Tiers of seats erected in themost substantial manner at a cost of some £7,000 ran round the grand old Cathedral on the south side, and happy the mortal, who, by private interest, had secured a look out beneath that temporary roof. Arrived at the western feSade the eye could range down Ludgate Hill with its flags flying, crowded windows, and ever-present exhaustless multitude in possession of road and cause way. After this difficult, not to say dangerous, journey of a mile, one was glad to sit iu quiet in a window in Fleet-street, and speculate how the Boyal cortege was to force its way through the innumerable host from the Bricklayers' ArniB Station to remote Paddington. How the Princess, her betrothed, and her family, started from the station in the Boyal carriages, made their way slowly to London Bridge, where the huge Civic procession with great difficulty formed in ad vance, and lost a full half hour — how the cavalcade was brought to a dead lock opposite the Mansion house, add the carriage containing the Prince and Princess . was wedged in the crowd, so that the London gamins actual clambered up its sides, and got between and under the horses to the manifest alarm of Her Boyal Highness; the wild enthusiasm of the people, the blun ders of the city authorities, and the ludiorous helplessness of the police and Lord Alfred Pagefs presence of mind in thiB ** squash,' and how the pro cession had to fight its way down Cheapside — is re corded in detail by the faithful chroniclers who walked on foot in rear of the Boyal carriages. Of the not least effective scenes was when the cortege emerged from Cheapside in face of St. Paul's. As the royal carriages came round the corner of the churchyard the entire mass of spectators on the great stand arose and deafening cheers were diversified with the waving of myriads of handkerchiefs, kept up till the procession had passed. The young Princess first glanced at the-wonderful dome of the stately pile before her, and then looking at the not less marvellous sight prepared for her own especial honour, her Boyal Highness became visibly affected, and bowed her acknowledgments with much grace and feeling. Prince Christian stood up in the carriage, and removing his hat, saluted the people re peatedly ; and the Princess Louise, to whom the Prince of Wales gave some explanations in reference to this magnificent demonstration, returned the warm greetings of the assembled ladies. The Prince of Wales also seemed much gratified, as well he might be, for such a progress round St. Paul's no Boyal cortege had ever made before. The civic part of the procession was somewhat dreary when waiting for a Princess j the old familiar Lord Mayor's show becomes a bore, and the long file of Aldermen's and Councilmen's carriages a distrac tion.' So thought I as they passed up the narrow lane made in Fleet- street by the efforts of mounted artillerymen and files of policemen combined. At last the royal carriages approach, and the Princess Dagmar, taken for her elder sister, is vociferously cheered. A long break, a general sensation, and the next carriage is not to be mistaken. The crowd rush to the sides, barely kept off by the mounted equerries ; handkerchiefs wave; the air is rent with acclama tions ; and there is the young Princess, pale but beautiful, bowing with a heartiness that is touching when one remembers the ordeal she must have already passed through, and looking in her plain tulle bonnet and violet velvet mantle worthy a nation's welcome. Her face was more womanly and exhibited more cha racter than the current photographs. But I quote the descriptions, though not quite in accord, of far more accurate observers than myself : — The Times says : — ' The portraits of the Princess and Prince of Wales together (which were taken at Brussels) are precisely like her. The Paris photo graphs, taken from a painting done more than a year ago, not only are not so like, but do her an injustice, inasmuch as they render nothing of the expression of thorough good nature and good humour whioh beam from her countenance, and light it up into a look which is almost fascinating when she speaks. Her grace, modesty, and beauty won all hearts. Her winning smile, the roses which mantled on her ta.ix cheek, the sweet earnestness of purpose which shone in her features, made the old enthusiastic and threw the young into raptures.' As the Princess stepped on shore her features lighted up with a most enchanting smile as she first caught a sight of the pretty avenue before her. The face may be described as a long oval, and in its general appearance differs very much from the Teutonic type of face of the Germans. The facial line is straighter, and — if such an expression could b e permitted — more perpendicular than in the aces oft he members of our own Boyal family, while the breadth across the face on the level of the eye is less. The forehead is full, finely formed, and what may be called well balanced, there being a very fair proportion of the perceptive and reflective faculties. She possesses what phrenologists would describe as individuality to a considerable extent, while eventuality is less fully developed. Firmness and decision of character, with feminine gentleness, are very happily blended in her general expression. The hair, being worn back from the forehead, does not admit of much of it being seen when wearing a bonnet, but it appears to be a lightish golden brown — not auburn, but brown, just slightly tinged with gold, which would show very distinctly when the light falls upon it. The eyes are full of tenderness ; their colour is grey, but they have such fine large pupils that they almost give an appearance of blackness to the whole surface. The mouth is prettily shaped, rather small, the lips delicately moulded, and the chin rounded with exquisite delicacy. Her voice is silvery and musical, and.- when soeakine English there are faint and pretty traces of a foreign accent. The smile that played upon her features as she walked up the pier was enchanting. The Princess Alexandra has in person far more than realised all the hopes that heralded her coming ; and if first impressions are to be trusted, she has already made a conquest over the hearts of her future subjects as rapid and complete as that so tersely described in the celebrated despatch of the great Boman conqueror. Those who caught ever eo transiently the expression of that bright, serious, girlish face are not likely to forget it. They saw queenly dignity blended with almost childish grace; exquisite purity, depth, and naturalness of feeling united to a native reserve indicative of self reliance and latent power. The intelligence of the Princess's expression is as striking and characteristic as the beauty of her features and the loveliness of her complexion. With the sweet and radient look of a happy and confiding nature there is blended an element of noble seriousness and reflective power. At Temple Bar, which was decorated with much taste, the enormous civic proression filed off down Chancery Lane, and when once the royal carriages had cleared that obstruction, they were free to quicken their pace through the Strand ; Trafalgar Square and onwards to Hyde Park, were still crowded with enthusiastic spectators. In Pall Mall, in front of the Clubs, along St. James's-street, and in front of the splendid mansions of the nobility in Piccadilly, the aristocracy took then* turn, Lord Palmerston and the Duke of Cambridge being conspicuous among the observers. . Once in the Park, the scene again changes, aad the carriages pass between two ranks of 16,000 Volunteers. Marylebone and Paddington at the further side had prepared two triumphal arches in addition to the other marks of welcome. . There have been various calculations of the num bers present at this overwhelming welcome — ftom three to one million. The latter is probably nearest the mark. When the train conveying the royal party stopped at Slough, the rain had begun to fall heavily, and though Eton and Windsor were en fete and illuminated, the unfavourable weather spoilt the festive display. It was half-past six when the Princess Alexandra ' with not a trace of fatigue on her beau tiful countenance,' was cordially welcomed by the Boyal widow, after a reception such as no Princess has ever before received. On iMondayJ there was a grand state dinner and evening party in Windsor Castle, noticeable chiefly because the Queen had so far overcome her usual habit as to be present. ' The marriage was solem nized at St. George's Chapel, Windsor, on Tuesday with great splendour, and Her Majesty, in her widow's garb, witnessed the ceremony from a gal lery. Of the members of the royal family Prince Alfred, just risen from his sick bed at Malta, was alone absent. There have been many and varying accounts of the august ceremony published — that in the Times, from the pen of Mr. Woods, being the most stately. Amongst the guests was Mr. Bussell (of the Times), Vrho has been engaged to write a history of the mar riage from the starting of the Princess from Copen hagen, for a magnificent illustrated volume published by Messrs. Day. The present Australian mail groans with the mass of illustrated papers sent out to give our brethren an idea of the events of the 7th and 10th, bo far as can be done by the pencil of the artist. In every city, town, and hamlet; of the kingdom the wedding-day of the Prince and Princess of Wales was celebrated with extraordinary rejoicings, and it is estimated, I know not on what data, that from first to last fully a quarter of a million must, have been expended in connexion with the happy event/ Volunteer reviews, corporate processions and ban quets, prowssiroi of ffphool cbUdren^ and treat* W»4 dinners to the poor, were the order of the day ; illu minations, fireworks^ -and- honfires the order of the night. Arthur's Seat, Edinburgh, and one of the Grampians were lighted up; many a conspicuous church waB illuminated, whne on the Beacon of the Malvern range there was an immense bonfire, which was responded to from all the hills within fifty miles. In London the illuminations were on a scale of bril liancy never before known, not even at the celebra tion of peace after the Crimean war. Every omnibus, cab, and van of London seemed to be pressed into service on . the night of the 10th, and there was almost as great a multitude present as on the 7th. The result was, spite of police regulations, deadlocks everywhere, and, worse still, the most awful pressure, in which six or seven women were unhappily crushed to death, and as many as a hundred persons more or less injured. These serious calamities have thrown a gloom over the royal wedding, and with the failure of the arrangements at the entry of the Princess have given rise to animated discussions in Parliament, which foreshadow the abolition of the separate jurisdiction of the City police. Altogether the Lord Mayor and Corporation, notwithstanding their lavish expenditure and presen tation of a magnificent necklace, worth £10,000, to the Princess Alexandra, do not shine in connection with the celebration, and all the odium incurred is the result of their stupid obstinacy in refusing the assistance of the Horse Guards and Chief Commis sioner of Police. I turn with great reluctance from this bright pas sage in our national annals to*the gloom which over shadows our great northern industry. The problem, what is to be done with our Lancashire opera tives, presses for solution. That heroio patience and fortitude which has excited the admira tion of the world has, in one district, given way. There have been serious riots at Staleybridge and Ashton, originating in the former town. There the rate of relief has been proportionately higher than in other towns, and fully one-half of the entire popu lation has been supported either by the Poor Law Board or the Belief Committee, or the funds which too zealous clergymen have been able to obtain from a distance, and dispense with lavish and sectarian hand. The town had become demoralised, and to mitigate the evil the Belief Committee proposed to distribute help in tickets for food, &c;, instead of money. This proposal excited towards the close of last week great discontent. The idle operatives left their schools, met together, refused the tickets, and got turbulent, till at last the worst disposed and least reflecting, the Irish and raw lads, went in a mob through the town, broke into provision shopB, rifled the relief stores, and wrecked the houses of the most prominent distributors of alms. Of course the police, and subsequently the military, were called out, and they had to charge the mob, and arrest great numbers. This was on Friday hut. On Saturday the scum of the population, which unhappily com prised a large number, visited the adjoining town of Ashton, and there similar scenes were repeated, with a like issue. They have also visited other neighbour ing towns, but the authorities have taken such energetic measures that the rioters have done little harm. On Monday a mob of Irish and lads sent to Ashton were intercepied by the police and military and driven back. Simultaneously, the real opera tives of Staleybridge, freed from these works, met together and resolved to accept the tickets of relief for last week, hitherto refused, leaving future arrangements open, and resolving to return to the schools, which had been abandoned. This untoward event has created wide-spread apprehen sion, and the question — what is to be done with the operatives for the future — is anxiously discussed.. It may be a year or two before the American war ter minates. It must be a long tune before the industry of Lancashire is reorganised, and no one expects it to resume its previous prosperity for yean to come. Mr. Potter proposes a Government loan to Lanca shire to keep the operatives till they are required. He has given notice of a motion in the House of Commons that he will, after the Easter recess, more for a select committee to inquire into the state of the cotton manufacturing districts, the mode in which re lief was administered therein by boards of guardians ami. rcuoi uuiamiraeea, ana ine pouoy oi emigration as a means of relief. Emmigration is, indeed, the panacea urged by all the leading organs of the press. Some propose a parliamentary grant of two or three millions for that purpose; others, that Government ships should be used to takeout emigrants. Those who represent Victoria, Queensland, .and New Zealand in this country are active in calling attention to the votes of money by the colonial legislatures for immigration, and in asking for sub scriptions for the outfits of those intending to go out. The subject has been discussed by the Lord Mayor's Lancashire Committee; but they do not feel able to devote any portion of their funds to the expenses of outfit and journey to the port of embarkation. The Hon. A. Einnaird, M.P., aid Mr. B: Benson, Treasurers of the British Ladies' Female Emigrant Society, have, however, written to offer the services of their Committee in organising the necessary pre liminaries, and they invite subscriptions for the* pur pose. There is also a stir among the operatives themselves. Those in Ashton have agreed to me morialise the Colonial Office for aid, to be applied in carrying out the operatives to the colonies. Even the absorbing interest of the royal wedding has not been able to quenoh our interest in the fate of Poland, the victim of nearly a century of repres sion — the country which more than any other has exhibited the vitality of national feeling. Up to within the last week the success of the Polish insur rection had become in British — in European — eyes, a possibility, and aU Europe, from Sweden to Portugal^ had begun to exhibit its sympathy with this historical struggle. Day by day we heard of the extension of the insurrection, and of the inability of Bussia to cope with the wide-spread revolution against the hereditary foes of Poland. The revelations as to the conclusion of a convention between Prussia and BuBBia, by which the former Power made common cause with the latter, excited the execration of all Europe, and obliged the two great Western Govern ments to take diplomatic action. Encouraged by these demonstrations, the Prussian Chamber of De puties by a vote of four to one condemned the course taken by their Sovereign. The British Parliament followed suit, and with unanimous voice declared that Poland ought not again to be tramped under the heel of her ruthless oppressor. Then came the news of the continued successes of Langiewiez, and the growth ot pis guerilla torce into an army of 12,000 men, which baffled the Bussiau regular troops, kept open the frontier of Galicia, and enabled the Poles to obtain supplies of arms. At length Langiewiez, in concert with the National Committee at Warsaw, assumed the Dictatorship, issued a proclamation, and became the hero of all Europe for about a fortnight. Over a tract of more than 500 miles the guerilla bands continued to spring up, and often to gain victories and cut off the hated Cossacks. In Warsaw the great nobles, who had hitherto held aloof, showed signs of yielding to the national movement ; the independent members of the Council of State resigned ; then the municipality, and even the Bussianised Archbishop of Warsaw. Mean time, however, the Russian columns were closing around Langiewiez, who, in spite of successes, found himself inextricably involved in their toils. He re solved to divide his army into several columns tbat some might escape. This demoralised them. He and some of his officers then left in secret, reached the Austrian frontier under feigned names, but were detected and imprisoned. The insurrection seems to be dead in that part of Poland, but elsewhere it flourishes, and will take many months to subdue. The Czar is, it is said, resolved first to trample it out and then proclaim an amnesty. * France applauds his generosity, Austria is strictly neutral, and England can only give svmpathv. 