ABSTRACT OT BAUES BY AUCTION: THIS DAY. "?.stn. Tbabxr and Como*.-At their rooms, Collins* street, at half-past ten o'clock-Kerosene lamps, ¿co. Art deven o'clock-Boots, shoes, grey calicoes, shirts, trouera. At No. 2 Customs Shed, Australian "Wharf, at eleven o'clock-Damaged Patna lice. Also at No. 6 Shod-Damaged Patna rice "Be-srs. 0. S, Boss and Co.-At the Australian Wharf, «at eleven o'clock-Cedar logs, ex Qem; calcined American plaster, exWebfoot. "Hoars. Wade «and Gowan.-At their mart, Collina* street, at eleven o'clock-Dutch carpets, perambu- lators, &e; "?tr. James "Lawrance.-At Lloyd's Rooms, Collins street, at twolvo o'clock-Tho British schooner Annie, lot of »ails. .Mears Gio. Thomas and Co.-At Hutchinson'« Ground, Australian Wharf, at eleven o'clock-Cargo of american lumber ex North America ; American Shied nubes, ex Queensland. "sHcsra, John Isn and Sons -At their rooms, Collins street at twfKo o'i lock-Mauritius sugars, small ping Uibv.cc, Hill and Co 'a oilmen's stores. "sVettrs. M'Caw and Another.-At tho Royal Horse Dawar, at twelve o'clock-Buggies, waggons, and other veh clcs, harness, and miscellaneous articles. Jar. Enrons -At the rooms, Collins-street west, at twelve o'clock-Farm in parish of Nunawading, -properties lu Littlo Bourke- street west, building* allotments on Hnwthom-blll, building allotment In "Elgin street, Carlton. JTcnrs. Beauchamp and Roche.-At their rooms, Col llruvstreot, at devon o'clock-American chaff-cutters and ironmongery goode, contractors' tip-drays, -Start drays, old iron, nails, centrifugal pumps and chain pumps ; also horse, boggy, and hamos;. af issra. GiHMEij,, M'Oaux, and Co.-At tho M. and li. S. Railway Station, at eleven o'clock-Surplus snips stores. tamar. J. Lyons and Co.-At tholr new mart, Bourko stroet, at eloven o'clcck-English-made iron bed- steads, furniture, mats, brushoi, baskets, toys, goose feathers, earthenware, &e; Messrs. 3. Bail, and Co.-At tho premises, Esplanade, St Kilda, at eleven o'clock-Household furniture and «neets. Heins. Osma and Mubbat.-At their rooms, Collins strtot, at twelve o'clock-Drug», preserved meats and vegetables, Danish oats, office fnrnituro, wool- pack«, Porter's and Burke'« stout. "Mr. B, A. Kbnnbt.-At the rear of the Friend In Hand Botel, at ten o'clock-Household furniture, ice. Venn. W. H. Naylor and Co.-At their mart. Napier .street, Fitzroy, at twolve o'clock-Household fomi sore, sashes, doors, <tc "Messrs. Dalhauoy Caiifbell and Co.-At tho Goods «Station, Bponcer-stroet, at half-past ton o'clock Carcans cf beef. ?als« by AnoUon THIS DAT. Important Sala of Boots and Shoes, Manufactured by Junes Davis and Sen, . 821 "Packages, ex Norfolk. Also the Balance of Shipment, now Landed, ex Unto. *jg"~OUa«*B and COHEN har*) received Instructions X frost the Importers, Mesar*. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., to BELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, 88 Col- lin*-«treet, on friday, 21st August, at eleven o'clock precisely. Ex Norfolk, Manufactured by Jrmes Davis and Son, 121 packages of boob* and shoes, comprising <hWf!y Cfraln mining boots Stout do. pegged and bradded Cairwolllngton» Btout police do Calf prinoes boots Do bradded Kernel top E.8. boots Kid top do "Do do, patent goloshed Stout kip bluchers, rough bradded Dooli do Bo] s' and youths' do Womens calf boots So cordovan do So kid do So Kernel do So cashmere do, K.8. So coloured do, do Qlils' cashmere boots So kid and memol do Children'« balmoral« Men's slippers Women's do. Also, "Balance of ahipmont, now landed, ex Tinto, oom- * prWpg a «u-nilar niortment of goods to tho* aboye, and comprising about ISO packages. _Taima at Sale._ THIS DAY. On Account of Whom It Hay Concern. Ex Ceres and Bovenuo. S-* dreys, Toilet Quilts and Scot A Twill Sliirts» I Soe Trousers, «Vc To Warehousemen, Slop Sellers, and Others. "TT'BASER and COHEN have received instructions X* from the Importon to SELL by AUCTION, at »heir rooms, 88 Colllns-etrcet west, on Friday, 21st «august, at eleven o'clock precisely, On account of whom it may concern, Moro or loss damaged, Ex Ceres, ' MM In diamond, 371-20 pieces 8-4 greys. Ex Roven ue, MB conjoined over M. J at Bide, «85-Three- quarter white toilet quilt« «370-Dodo »75-46 dozen white toilet coven C76-Do do 677- So do. M over IIB conjoined In diamond, (ES-II dczon men's Scotch twill shirt« $224-111 pairs boys' doe trousers S2I4- CO do men's do. Teims at Sale THIS DAY. Xnmagod Portion of tho Cargo of tho Notre Same da Victoire, from Calcutta. At No. 2 Customs Shod, Queen's Wharf. 3477 Bags Patna Rice, More or Less Damaged by Sea wator. And, immediately afterwards, At No. C Shed, Australian Wharf, 3100 Bags Patna Rico, Moro or Less Damaged by Sea water. Ali Sold for Account Win m it May Concern. To tho Merchants and Kaders Generally of Molbourao, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beech- worth, &e; "*"G"Rs8ER and COHEN have rocolvcd Instructions Ja? from the importors, Messrs. R. and P. TurnbuH and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at No. 2 Customs JBhcd, Queen's Wharf, on Friday, August 21, at clova» «"clock precisely, She damaged portion of the cargo of tho Notro Same de Victoire, from Calcutta, At No. 2 Shed, Queen's Wharf, 1477 bags Patna rice, each lewt. And afterwards, at No. 6 Shed, Australian Wharf, MOO bags Patna íleo, each lewt. All landed from tho abovo vessol, more or loss da soaagod by sea-water, and told for account whom It may concern, _Terms at Sale._ THIS DAY. Ex Wobfoot 63 Packages Kcroscno Lamps. To Ironmongers, Storckoepon, and Othors. FRASER and COHEN havo received instructions from the importers to BELL by AUCTION, at their upper rooms, 88 Oolilns-itroet west, on Friday, Slat August, at half-past ten o'clock precisely, Ex wobfoot, -5! packages kerosene lamps, comprising Sronzeand lacquered lamps Band do Globes i Chadee Chimneys, «Vc. _Torms at Sale. MONDAY, AUGUST 24. At the Customs Shod, Australian Wharf. Kx Wobfoot 60 Cases Tobacco, iib. 26 Do Do, do. To Tobacconists, Storekoopors, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at the Customs Shed, Australian Wharf, on Monday, Sith August, at devon o'clock precisely, Ex Wobfoot, CO casca tobacco. Jib., Ivanhoe St ds do, do, Decs Your Mother Know You'ro Out ^_"fenns at Sale. _ MONDAY, AUGUST 24. At Zander's Bonded Stores, Immediately after tho Salo at the Australian Wharf, Ex Ocean Rover. 10 CasCB Tobacco, Half-pounds. 10 Threo-qusrtor Boxea Do, Tons. To Tobacconists, Storekoepors, and Othors, "KIBABKR and COHEN havo received Instructions Ja? from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at "Zander's Bond, on Monday, 24th August, at about "half-part eloven o'clock, to follow salo of tobaC'O «on the Australian Wharf, Ex Ocean Rover, 10 cues tobacco, half-pounds, Ivanhoo 10 throo-quartor boxes do, toni, Eliza Orr. _Terms at Bal»._ THIS DAY. £t> Cedar Logs, Containing 64,000ft Super, CB. ROSS and Co. wiU SELL by AUCTION, on tho . Australian Wharf, Friday, August 21, at clovors «D'caock, Cargo of Codar ox Gem, 86 logs, containing 64,000ft super. The quality of tho abovo is superior, and now land« 5ng on tho Australian Wharf. - ^_Terms at Sale._> THIS DAY. 200 Barrels American Platter. CR. BOSS and Co. wiU SELL by AUCTION, on ? the Australian Wharf, Friday, August 21, at . «ali van o'clock, i Ex Wobfoot, SOO barrels American calcined plaster, of till) best quality. Now landing, in fino condition. ,. Torms at Salo. 8ATURDAY, AUGUST 22. **?) CROKER has boen Instructed to SELL by AUC JLV, SION, at Young's Ivanhoe Hotol, Heldolborg Toad, on Saturday, August 22, at ono o'clock p.m., fi working bullocks IG horse«, comprising taddlo and draught 20 milking cows and springers 2pig» 3 drays and harnoss S ploughs, 2 sets of harrows, 1 winnowing-machlno and corn-screen, 1 patent choScatter, 1 paton*; corn-crusher, 1 do mangle I And Bun lot tof household furniture. Tegothor with JJany other nrticlos too numerous to rnOutlOu"' Balen »v Anetten. THIS DAY. Auction Sale of Drapery, Uneerolothlng, Hosiery, Straw Goods, Dress Stuffs. Hats and dpi, Slops. To Warehousemen, Slopcellori, Drapers, Outfitters, Bujei« from tho Neighbouring- Colonies, Dealers, and Others. WADE and GOWAN have been favoured with instructions from tho Importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, st their mart, 20 Collins street west, on Friday, 21st tost, commencing at eleven o'clock, The following seasonablo and useful goods, com- prising LadicB' modem straw hats Do Whitby and Buckingham do Do fashionable fancy dresses Do stays and belts Do facey skirts in rep, wincey, and net Black glaco and fancy Beaufoi t ties Womcn'a white cotton hosiery Men's brown cotton half-hose ladles'fashionable plaid shawls Whito counterpanes Infants' and giris' straw hats Boya' and youths' boating hats Men's angola Crimean flannel Blurts Bo and boyi* cloth capB Do super. French felt hats Boys' super, doe trousers Hen's wooUen Bedford cord trousers Gentlemen's super, block cloth suits Do do ribbed cloth sacs Do do diagonal doo suit» Do do fashionable doo and tweed vests JJcn's fancy mole trousers Bo Scotch cheviot suits. 3ho above will bo sold in lots, or by the packago, to suit all buyers. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. To Drapers, Tailors, Outfitters, Dealers, and Othors. WADE and GOWAN will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Collins-street weat, this dty, at elevon o'clock, The following new and fashionable goods, com I rising 1 caso black French ribbon velvet, Nos. 6 to 100. 1 do coloured do do, do 1 do fancy tweed trousers 1 do shepherd»' long shawls 1 do 3 4 gala plaids 1 do block broad cloths 2 cases fancy doe do 1 coso Scotch tweed do. For positivo salo. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. For tho Benefit of Whom it May Concern. Dutch Carnot. WADE and GOWAN will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Col'lns-stroot it est, this day, at elevon o'clock, lho followlnggooos. Ex Revonne, damaged, V, in diamond, 63-1 bale 2-4 all-wool Dutch carpet 52-1 do 4-1 do do. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. Perambulators, Perambulators. To bo Sold to Clear up a Consignment To Furniture DcalerB, Pi lvato Persons, Dealers, and Othors WADE and GOWAN will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mai t, £0 Collins stroot trest, this day, at devon o'clock:, 2 very superior perambulators, English moko. Terms-Cash. MONDAY, AUOUST 24. Extensivo Solo of Superior BootB and Shoes. Good Suitable for tho Coming Season, Of lb« Well-known Manufacturo Mossrs. Bostock and Co. ' By Order of Messrs. Saml lopp and Co., Merchants. To tho Boot and Shoo Trodo of Molbourno and Suburbs. To Buyers from Geelong, Ballarat, Castlemaine, Kil .. ! moro, Sandhurst, Portland, &.c WADE and GOWAN hato boen favoured with in- structions from tho Importers, Mossrs Saml. Topp and Co, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, »t their mart, 20 Colllns-streot west, on Monday, 21th lost, commencing at oloi en o'clock, A vory largo assortment cf new goods by tho abovo vell known manufacturers, comprising lion's long and short wellingtons, round anil sqntro toes Do kid leg elastic-sldo, calf goloahcd do, do Men's hob and bradded boots Youths' and boys' bluchors, &c; Women's kid-leg, elastic-sldo, channel and wells Women's black and coloured cashmere, elastic eldo | Girls' kid and cordovan boots Infants' balmoTils. &p.; ' Ssmplei will be on view before tho solo. Tbo auctioneers novo much pleasure in announcing this sale. Tbo gooda ore veil known, and noed »o comment The Irado aro specially invited to attend. I Terms at Sale. SATURDAY, AUGUST 22. To Gentlemen Planting, Nurserymen, Dosiere, and Others. K PERRY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION (by , their auotioneor, Mr. Wm. Perry), «t their rooms, Colllns-stroet, on Saturday, at eleven o'clock sharp, A valuable collection of first-class fruit-troos, &.c , eompiising Apple, pear, peach, almond, nectarino, apricot Plums, cherries, figs, grapes, gooseberries Currants, mulberries, nuts, oorbcriios Oranges, citrons, limes, loquals Medlars, quinces, pomegranates, raspborrles Strawbe.ries. chcanuts, &c; And, Shrubs, forest and ornamental trees, in great variety, in and out of pots Roses of sorts, compiising dwarf, half etandirl, and Btandard, including many of tho newe» varieties. ' Tho whole of tho above fruit-trees aro gaorontood true to namo, and lneludo many variotlos quito now to the colony. SATURDAY, AUGUST 22 ( To Watchmakers, Jowollors, and Others. . Gold and Silt or Watches. 1 B PERRY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, (by . their auctioneer, Mr. William Potry), at (heir rooms, Collins-street, on Saturday, August 22, at «¡let en o'clock, t 20 gold and silver watches, open-face and hunters 1 Termo- Cash. i SATURDAY, AUGUST 22. To Persons Fencing In their Grounds. 20 l'anols Continuation Iron Fencing. ! B PERRY and Co will SELL by AUCTION (by . tholr auctioneer, Mr. Wm. Peiry), at their rooms, Colllns-streot, on Saturday, August 22, at cloven o'clock, . 20 panols continuation Iron fencing, 18ft oxcli 1 Iron gate, with l'on posts, &c;, comp'oto, ( Terras-Cash. K SATURDAY, AUGUST Í2. To FoUmongera and Others Feten Bales 145 Shqopakina in the WooL , TERRY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION (by their auctioneer, Mr Wdllam Perry), at tbo r /Villftin nfFAiif r\n fl.ltt^Ä^J Aiimiof 99^ a*. rooms, CollliiB street, on Saturday, August 22, cloven o'clock, 7 bales 146 shcopskins In the wooL f Tcimc-Cash SATURDAY, AUGUST 22. ToBird-fanciers, Doalors, and Othors. ' Unreserved Solo of Canaries, Parrots, &c.; ' B PERRY and Co. will SELL byATJOïIOS'fOiv i tholr auctioneer, Mr. Wm. Parry), at ilm rooms, ColllnB-stroet, on Saturday, August 23, it eleven o'clock, without resort o, 15 canaries, in full song . 6 (laira cockatoos, parrots, and cages ' 1 talking King Goorge's Sound parrot 1 do do ccckftfoo ' 2 do king parrots ard cngcB * 1 do Tasmanian parrot and cage 1 do whl o cockatoo and cage t B parrots rnd cages \ S pairs bantams, &c; Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. To Shipowners, and Those Engaged in tbo Now Zealand ond Intercolonial Trades. Foro-snd-Alt Schooner ANNIE. JAMES LAWRANCE has rocetved lnstructioni to SELL by AUCTION, »t Lloyd's Rooms, on Friday, 21st August, at tweho o'clock. Too fore and aft British built schooner / ANNIE, ' 101 tons rogister, 180 tons burthen, ! built of heckmatack and pitch pine, thoroughly copper-fastonod, and sheathed with hoavy Belgian zinc. i Her moat« and span aro all now. Her Baila a-o almost new. Her hull Is In perfect order. This cllgiblo vessol bos just boen re-built, and o -i inspection will be found vory suitable for any oft Iii bar harbours In tbo colonies. ' » lier draught of water when loaded Is only 7ft., and requires little or no balloit to go to sea with, Sholl xcmirkibly well suited for the lightering trado of Cow Zealand, and persons Interested in that quarter,aro respectfully Invited to Inspect her as she prcsoitlj lies in Hie River Yarra. I Title porfect . _i Terms, vory Liberal, at Bate._f THIS DAY. _ j Immediately Altor tho Solo of the Annlo, Soils. ( JAMES LAWRANCE will SELI. by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, on Friday, 2lBt August, > A lot of Bail«, suitablo for a «hip 6f 1200 toni (In good order). > Torms-cash. ¡ . _No Rosorve._I_| TUESDAY, AUGUST 25. I To Shipowners, and those Interested la the Coasting and Intercolonial Trade of Victoria, New South Wales, New Zealand, Ax. i i Beautiful A 1 Abcrdoen Clipper Brig , \ CRAIGIEVAR. ' JAMES LAWRANCE has received Instructions ti SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, Collliu Etrrct, on Tuesday, 26th August, at twelve o'clock: The beautiful Al Abordoon clipper brig , ICBAIOIEVAR, . 210 tons register, I SCO tons burthen. t ülila vory eligible vessel has lately arrived from Xcndon, and prior to leaving underwent a thorough «xamlrjalion by Lloyd's surveyor« of that port, a first class certificate of which can bo seen at tho rooms'of the auctioneer. I 3 he particular attention of shipowners Is requcstoi lo inspect this \ ery fine vessol, as she presently lies' as tlio Australian Wharf. ( Der extremo Ught draught of water, and going to ara with only a few toni of ballast, togother with her firtt-rato sailing qualities, as well as being remarkably -well found in every respect, renders her a most do »li able vowel (or any of our colonial trades. Inventorie« can bo seen at the rooms of the sue Homer. Torms, Llboral, at Sale. ' ' ' i BstlM ty AnettcMa. I-«J* I1 THIS SAY. 216I)oori, 600 Bashes. 27,000ft Shelving, 106,000(1.* T and G 174,CO0It Clo-r Pine, IdO.OOOft Spruce Deals. 20,OOOft Hickory. Ash, and Maplo I 60,000 Lath« GIORGK THOMAS and Ce will BELL by AUC- TION, on Hutchinsons ground, Australian Wharf, on Friday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, A cargo of American lumber, viz. : Ex North America, 66doors, 1 Jin., 8x7 CO do, do, 2.10 x 6.10 26 do,do, 2.8x6.8 76 do, do, 2.10 x 7 100 pain, 0 x 13, glazed window «ashes , 140 do, 8 x 10, unglazed do HO do, 10 x12, do do 100 do, 10 x 14, do do 40do 10x15, dodo l8 060 pieces white pine shelving, 269,880ft 9407 do do, T and G, 107,271ft. 1407 do lin. cl-ar pine, 18,018», 12ft to 181t lengths 1106 do »In, do do, 29 667ft, 12ft to 20ft do ÎS00 do Hin do do 64 648ft, 12ft to 20ft do 805 do 2in, do do, 80,700ft, 12ft. to 20ft do 886dolln to Sin do do, 87,447ft, 12ft, to 20ft dD 1082 do lin. to 2 jin hickory lumber, 14,036ft 183 do lin to2in ash do, 1068ft. 146 do lln to Bin. maplo do, 2C31ft 140 425ft spruce deals 7x8, 8x8, 0 X 8,10 X 8, 11 x 8,12 x 8, assoited lengths 00,000 laths. Terms, liberal, declared at sale Wo call (ho attention of the timber merchant« and trado generally to the above cargo, -which has been landed in very fine order and condition, li of very first-rato quality, and -vas all «tacked during tho fin» weather Each lot pnt np will be positively Bold to tho highest bidder Geo Thomas and Co, 104 ColUns-streot weat 1 THIS DAY | American Glared Sashes. j GEO THOMAS and Co will SELL by AUCTION, on the AusUallan Wharf, on Friday, the 21st August, at eleven o'clock. Ex Queensland, from Now York, CO pairs glazed window suhoa, 12 lights, 8 X 10 400 do do, do, IO x 16 400 do do, do, 10 x14 _Terms, Liberal, Declared at Bale. THIS DAY At Twelvo o'clock. 8222 Bags Mauritius Sugars, Really Good and Finest Counters. JOHN LEVY and SONS aro favoured with in- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 14 Collins-street west, on Friday, August 21, ii 'welvo o clock prompt, 8222 bago Mauritius sugars, Good and Ano counters. Sevastopol, CO, 104 bags Bonne Mere, DD, 45 do Do, V, 81 do Do, X, l8 do Reunion, Y, 78 do Do, Z 78 do La Gälte, L, 12 do Bellovur, D 14 see, Ml] So, D16 sec, 87 do , Do, D10 see, 22 do I BonnoMero, T, 82 do Constance, A, 78 do Magenta, B, 187 do Gros Bois, O, 49 do * Bonne Mero S, 86 do Bel Etang, E, £8 do Proi ¡dence, K, 99 do Grand Bolo, M, 8f0do Bel Etang, P, 200 do Barraque, S, 106 do Providence, AA, 188 do Trianon, 2 Boa, 870 do Petite Retraite, 7 Me, 888 do Grand Baie, 12 sea, 880 do Bol Etang, li «co , 287 do Terms liberal. These sugars are to be «old, with anything like «competition, and are without exception, thoflncet, "Mauritius counters in the market THIS DAY ~~ To Close Accounts for the Moll A Choice Lot of Small Plug Tobacco To Wholoaalo Tobacconists, Exporters, and Others. JOHN LEVY and BONS have been Instructed to SELL by AUCTION, tt their rooms, 14 Couinj streot west, on Friday, the 2it>t inst, at twelvo o clock prompt, 47 three quarter boxcB Brown and Sons' twelves 26 throe quarter do, Thourmands twelves 26 three quarter do, Denning rmd Sons' cloven*. Guaranteed in primo condition. The attention of the trade is particularly roqnestoOL 8 half tiercel Lion twist AU faults. _Terms at Sale._ THIS DAY. ISO Oases HUÍ and Co's Oilmen's Btoroi (Late Hil} and Ledger) and Othor Manufacturors. For UnreBened Salo Now Landed ex Cores JOHN LEVY and SONS are instructed by tho con- signees to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 14 Colilna-strcet west, on Friday, 21st August, at] twelve o clock, j After the salo of Mauritius sugars, j G S & Co over M, 27 03-40 coses Colman s thumb bluo j 04- 83-20 do Lea and Perrins' sauces J 84-103-20 do half pint salad oU 1 104-118-IO do, pint do 114 123-20 do, quart do j 124 143-20 do pint pickles, assorted j 144-163-10 do ball pint capers. ! Terms at Sale J TUESDAY, 8EPTEMBERÏ "" j first Sale by Publio Auction of Choice HaTanriahl CIgtrs. ( Manufactured from Pure Havannah Leaf, In tho Australian Colonies, On the Promises of Messrs Wittkowski Brothers, 11 Collins street west JOHN LEVY and SONS are favoured with instruc- tions from Messrs. Wittkowski Brothers to BUB HIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at tholr manufac- tory, 11 Collins street west, on Tneeday, September 1, at twelvo o clock, Their prosent available stock of highly seasoned and fully aged COLONIAL-MADE HAVANNAH CIGARS, eoniistmg in ail of 200,000 cigars, of the following favourite descrip- tions - llgoro Par togas Cabanas Principo do Gales SlrRobt Peel Floritas Trabucos Gouchas H De Cabannaa Cobdens Regalia do la Edna La Valentina Higuera Primera Flor Lopez Regalia Britannica Queens Cazadores And A variety of other equally choice qualities. SPECIAL NOTICE Messrs Wittkowski Brothors Instruct tho «no tier eera to remark that all the cigars represented bj thomas Mado from Puro Havannah Leaf will bo guaranteed by them as snob. They further moro desire most specially to observe that note w11! bo effered for sale except such as aro Fully Aged and snltablo for tho most fastidious connoisseur Thoj have no hesitation in stating that tho Choleo selection now submitted will hear most favour able comparison with tho finest descriptions of Havannah cigars hitherto importoc into the colony For the purpose of permitting the pnbli: to test the accuracy of their assertion, they will On Saturday, August 29, Between the honrs of half past 2 and 6 pm,, GBATUITOUSLY PLACE for TRIAL, at tholr disposal, In tho Luncheon-room of tho Ort. talon Boto], SAMPLE-BOXES Of EACH BIND intended to be offered at the sale by auction on the following Tuesday, to which intending purchasers anc connoisseurs oro invited This sale wiU present a more favourable opportunity to tho trado and othoia to furnish themselves with r stock of REALLY PRIME CIGARS than has hitherto ever existed A champagne lunch will be provide d Catalogues aro now In coursa of preparation THIS DAY Biak of Whom It May Concern, M H CAW tnd ANOTHER will SELL, at the . Royal Horso Bazaar, on Friday, 21st lost, al twelvo o clock, A numbor of buggioi, waggons, whitechapel«, dogcarts, etc Also, A few sets harness And A lot of miscellaneous articles not cleared at thou last sale. The whole to be sold _Without Kosorve_ THIS DAY MESSRS M'CAW and ANOTHER wUl SELL, at their yards, on Friday, 21st lust, at twolve o'clock, Ono Queen's-pattern buggy, built by Mllloi Brothers, has boen very little used On view Thursday and Friday Must bo sold, aa tho owner Is leaving tho colony ^_ No Reserve_ WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 20. Sale of Bhocp For tho Eenoflt of Whom it May Concern. j MM CAW and ANOTHER hat e rccolrod Inatrue-, ? lions from John Thomson, Esq , to SELL byl AUCTION, at Conway, on tho Werribee Rlvor, five miks from tho Williamstown Railway Station, or "Woinosday, 23th inst, at eleven o clock sharp, lor the benefit of whom it may concern, 410 half bred sheep, principally ewe«, with Iambi at foot And A few weU bred rams. No reservo ¡_Terms-Cash._ SATURDAY, AUGUST 22. At Eleven o clock. GIO Parties Furnishing and Other«, K. JOHNSTON will SELL by AUCTION, at hil , rooms, 118 Bourke-street east, on Saturday, a cloven o'olock, Useful household furniture, consisting of chairs tables, sofas, drawers, safes, washslands anc 1 tate, bedsteads, bodding, blankets and rugs catpofj>J»wcllery, watohos, clocks, &c;, koroson l*ní"tftípérm candles, &c; lt-TJolr | Oyt-TJoor auctions promptly attended to Lowes lures Accounts rendered and set le J day after sale Bales by Auction. PRELIMINARY NOTICE of BALE At Toorak, the Residence of His Excellency, the Cotornor, So. MB. STUBBS has been honoured with Instructions received from HI« Excelloncy Sir Henry Barkly, K.C.B., &e;, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCliON, at Toorak, on Fjiday, thollth September,3883, Erle at twelve o'clock precisely, Tho whole of His rxccllenoj'e surphui household and other furniture, pianoforte, horses, sad- dlery, cotts, farming and other implement«, etc, Catalogues of which may be obtained at Mr. Stubïs'a auction-rooms ou and alter tho 81st inst. _Terms-Cash,_ IMPORTANT NOTICE. THE SALE of the WATERCOURSE PADDOCKS, Nerroo Worran, and lt8 acreB, Boroondara, on tho Kooyorg Koot Creek, is unavoidably POST- PONED till further notice. _THOS. STUBBS, Auctioneer and Agent THIS DAY. SmaU Lot of Wines, Spirits, &c; Without ReBOifC MR. STUBBS wiU SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at h's rooms, 81 Collin streot west, this 21st «Joy of Augcst, at twelve o'clock, 1 keg (each five gallons), dark brandy, rum, port wine, and sherry 1 caBe palo brandy. __^^^_^_____ THIS DAY. To Newly-arrived Immigrants. By Ordor of tho Mortgagee. An Excellent Llttlo Farm. Lately In tho Possession of Mr. Muir. Viz. 65a. 80p, all Enclosed. To PersonB Anxious to Secure a Small Farm near Town. MB. STUBBS is favoured with Instructions ts SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his auction rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, the 21st August, at twelvo o'clock precisely, AU that piece or parcel of land, containing by admeasurement 65a. 30p, parish Nunawading, being Allotment A of Portion 67. adjoining tho reseño originally granted to Wm. Oliver, and subsequently brought into a very fair state of cultivation by Mr. Muir. Immediate possession. TeimB. liberal, at sale. Titlo perfect. Note.-Considerable interest has neon taken In the welfare of the province ol Victoria in England; and in all probability It will como In for a very great share of priferenco In tho plena Inaugurated by our own Victorian Corr mlttee and the National Emigra- tion Socloty. Now is the time, therefore, to Invest In every description of freehold property. THIS DAY. City Property, Í Next Door to the Manchester Arms, Little Bourke Btroot Just the Tiling (or an Industrious Tradesman. Now a Saddler's Shop. MB. STUBBS is Instructed hy fho proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at tho rooms, SI Colllns-streot west, on Friday, the 21st August, at twelvo o'clock precisely, \- , AH that valuable city freehold property, compris lng shop and three rooms, Bituato in Little I I Bourko-Btreet, having 10!(. frontage to sold street. Terms, liberal, at sale. Title First-rate. j THIS DAY. Important Sale of I Two Very Choice Building Allotments, , Hawthorn hill. Fart of tho Original Subdivision o! the well-known ' Estate of J. D. Pinnock, Esq., &c; lill!. STUBBS has received instructions to SELL by ixl PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms. Collins. street, on Friday, August 21, Sale at twelve o'clock precisely, S very choice villa building allotments, Hawthorn hill, pott cf Allotment 25 of Sec 6, adjoining tho residence of E. G. Harrison, Eaq, branch inspector Bank Victor!». . Terms at sale. Title first-rate, i After which, 8 allotments, township of Kyneton, being Noj. i, i 6,'and8of Sec. 2-1 1 allotment, do of Malmesbury, No. 10 of Soc. 0 10 »cres, Carlsruhe, being part of S ubd It ¡sion of Portions No. 6 and Ii o. 9 on plan of subdivision THIS DAY. ' A Good Inver tmont. , City Property. Llttlo Bourke street, opposite the Governor Arthur I and Kirk's Bizaar, I Now Occupied by Mr. Smith, Butcher. Also, Tbo Premises at the hack, having 40ft frontago to Wright-street, by 56ft. in depth, with the whole of the Buildings erected tllorcoc. MB. STUBBS vrUl SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, . on Friday, the 21st lnst, at his rooms, 81 Col- lins street west, at twelvo o'clock precisely. All that most eligibly situated and well-known butchor's shop, dwellinghonse, and premises, situate at tho corner of Little Bourko and i Wright streets, tho opposlto corner to the Go- vernor Arthur, and immediately in front of Knk's Horse Bazaar. Noto.-Tho portón who buys it moy be assured of a handsome remuneration in his outlay, as it is calculated for most important advantages in tlo extension of tho butchering business. After which, Lot 2. Tbo freehold premises in the rear, having 40ft, frontago to Wrlght-Btreot, by 66ft. in depth, with dweUinghouso and extensivo stables at tached. Terms, liberal, at cale. , '_Titlo Unexceptionable._ THIS DAY. Fine Building AUotmont, Carlton. MB. STUBBS «Bl SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at bis rooms, 81 Collins Btroot west, on Friday, Auguit 21, at twelve o'clock, 23ft. frontage to Elgin-street by 82ft. in depth, tltuato 98ft. or thereabout« from the comer of Rothdowno-street and Elim street. _Title, Crown Grant_ TUESDAY, AUGUBT 25. To Hotelkecpors in Town, the Suburbs, and in tho Country, Storekeepers, and Dealers. SOO nhds of the Colonial Company's Barton Ale. In Lots to Suit Purchasers. In Primo Condition, In Clove's, Cole's, and Teale's Bonded Warehouses. Terms-Under £26, cash ; above that Sum, Approved Bills at Two MonthB'. MB. BTUBRS la Instructed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Tuesday, 25th lnst., to com meneo at Clove's Bonded Stores, corner of King and lonsdale streets, at twelve o'clock precisely, SOO hilda of brilliant-bodied Burton, in the following order, to suit both largo and small buyers, viz. Lot l-5hhds. Lot 2-5 do Lot 8-5 do ' | , Lot 4-6 do Lot 6-6 do Lota-5 do Lot 7-5 do Lots 8,0, and 10-6 do each Lots 11,12, and IP-fi do each , Lots 14,16, and 16- 1 dd each , Lots 17, l8, ID, nml 20-S do each Lota 21, 22, T3 .'4, anil 25-10 do do Loti 20, S7,5S, ; < i, .10-1U do do - i Lots 82, S3, 34, .1 , and 86-10 do do Lots 87, 38, 30, 40, ai d 41-10 do do. Orders from the count ry io purchase attended to. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. ¡ " Salo of tho National Schoolhouse and Land at Sandridge. I To Carriers, Builders, Speculators, Merchants and Othors. ME. ROBERT BYBNElB'favoured with lnstruc tloes from the patrons of tho Nation*! I chool«, with the approbation of the trustees, to SELL by AUCTION, at the rooms, 88 and 40 ColllnB-stroei «»Bl, on sn early day, duo cotice of which will b given (If not previously disposed of by private con- tract), , An allotment of land, 82ft. frontago to Bay-street by a depth of 182ft along Llardet-stroet, togo thor with the bulldlcg.lknown as the Notions! School, erected thereon. ' I Title, Crown grant. j I Tam» at Sale. ' TUESDAY, AUQUBT 26. , At Two o'clock. ' Wellington parade. , East Holbourne. I MR. ROBERT BYRNE ia favoured with Instruc- tions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION on the ground, on Tuesday, tho 26th lnst, at U» o'clock, ' ( 0 building allotments, having frontages o! £01' to Wellington potado, by a depth of 80ft. to a right-of-way 20ft. wide at the back, oppoii i the Folleo Reservo, and adjoining Evans an I Wellington terraces. ? Further particulars can bo had on application the auctioneer. Title unexceptionable. . _Terms at Balo,_' TUESDAY, AUGUST 25. At Twelvo o'clock Noon. ' Five Building Allotments at the Corner of Chapel and Manly streets, nearly opposite the ; Prince of Wales Hotol, Prahran. I ?mili. ROBERT BYRNE Is Instructed to SELL bi AU. AUCTION, at the rooms, 88 and 40 Colllns-htreet cast, on Tuesday, August 25, at twelve o'clock noon, 4 allotments, each 16ft frontage to Ohapol-stre-' by a dopth ol 100ft to a right-of-way at the baili from Manly-street 16ft wide | 1 allotmont, 25ft to Chapel-stroet by a depth nr 100ft along Manly-Btreet, with a right-of-vu at tho back: 15ft. wide. , Titles perfect f _Terms LlboroL_j MONDAY, AUGUST 81. 1 At Twelve o'clock Noon. j I Farm of 99 Acres and 1 Rood, with Improvement«, 1 , ' At Kilmore. J ] Being Part of " Ruledgo'i Special Survey.." * Absoluto Bolo, by Ordor of the Mortgagoo. MB. ROBERT BYRNE Is favoured -with Initrn - tlons from the mortgageo to BELL by AU01)10 V, >.t the rooms, 88 and 40 Colllos-Btrect east, on Mo day the 31st, at twelve o'clock noon precisely, ! SOa. lr. of form land, at tho junction of the Cam pospo and M'Donalds, with all the lmprovi monta now standing and erooted thereon. I Foil particulars of which can be had on appllcotioi to tho auctioneer. [ _Torn» at Balo._j MONDAY, AUGUBI 24. j Neat Freehold. 1 SackvilTe-street, Oolllogwood. j Taj KINSMAN has received Instructions from thi X1 . owner, who is leaving Collingwood, to SEL , by AUCTION, on the ground, ; A two-roomed weatherboard cottage, with lan I 23ft Oin. to Sackvllle-Btreet, by 100ft. deep. Tho property ia pleasantly situated near Hoddle street I Title good. Terms »r sale. Salo at Is c1 ve o'clock, by N. Klriman, auclienccr. atalas* »y AvettoB. | AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. ^ I BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE would beg to call the! attention of the bade to their BALE, THIS DAY« or IRONMONGERY, Electro-plated Waro, Con? i actors' Dray«, Harness, etc., commencing at devon o'clock, 88 and 40 Colltns-slreot east, next new Ban a* of, "victoria. H THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. j 3*0 IronrnoDgers, Storekeepers, General Sealers, and? Others. i Large Assortment of Ironmongery and MlEccllanooua Goods. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE will SKLIi by AUC- TION, at their rooms, 88 and 40 CoUlns-etreet ?east, on Friday, 21st August, at «levon o'clock, A large assortment of ironmongery, 4c., consisting «tu* American chaff-cutter», for hand or horse power j wrouebt-Iron barrow wheels Japanned Iron bucket«, wood bonch screws, car* rlrgo Jacks Enamelled stewpan«, tin teapots, finned Iran saucepans, and oval pots Carden rakes, Iron blocks, teatrayB ; ehest, copi board, and padlocks Painted whlto-motal beer cook«, brats socket caBtors Albata tsbloand dessert forkB and spoons, dog; collara Bass brooms, hair seating, door-mats, tr en's bolt», and leather portmanteaus. Together wllh A miscellaneous assoiiment of lronmorgery. Also, 24 parlour grates, And 8 casos assorted fenders. No reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. Contractors' Tip Drays, What" Bray, CbnffculUng* Machino, "ec X>EAUOHAHP and ROOKE will SELL by AUO JL> T10N, «t their rooms, l8 and 40 Collins BtretS «east, on Friday, 21st August, at eleven o'clock, 8 contractors' tip drays 1 superior wharf dray. Also, ChaScnttlng machine. Lot of old Iron. Without reserve Terms-Cash, THIS DAY. At "Eleven o'clock. Horse, Buggy, and Harness. So Li very-stable-Keeper«, Private Parties, and Other*,' BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, 88 and 40 Colllni-street «ast, on Friday, Slat August, at eloven o'clock, Superior four-wheeled buggy, nearly new Bone, guaranteed stanch. And Harness. Terms-Cash, THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. 61 Keg«, 1 Case, and 8 Bags Nails. To Ironmongers and Others. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE wl'l SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, 88 and 40 Collins-street «*ast, on Friday, 21st August, at eloven o'clock, 61 kegs nili», kegs damaged 1 caso do 8 bags de Sizes from ljln to Sin. Without reserve Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. On Account of Whom it May Concern. 49 Keg« Nails. To Ironmonger«, Storekeepers, and Others, BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE will SELL by AUC- TION, st their rooms, 88 and 40 CoUlns-Btreet «east, on Friday, 21st August, at clevon o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, 49 kfgs nail", 1}, 2, 2}, and 8 inch. Moro or less damaged. Without reserve Tei ms-Cash. THIS DAY. At Sloven o'clock. Centrifugal Pumps and Chain Pomps, To Ironmongers and Others. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, 88 and 40 CoUins-street «sut, on Friday, ¡1st August, at eleven o'clock, S centrifugal pomps ; will raise 125gaL or water per minute Also, 2 America-) chain pumps. _Term« at Sale _ THIS DAY, At Eleven o'clock. At M. and Hobson'« Bay Ballway Now Shed. Surplus Stores, ¿ce, ex Qucod of the South. To SMpchandlers, Grocers, Dealers, «to. OEMMKLL, M'CAUL, and Co. hare received In- structions from Messrs. Bright Brothers and C«. to SELL hy AUCTION, at the M. and H. B. Bail way New Shed, at eleven o'clock, Surplus stores ex Queen of the South, consist* leg of beef, pork, flour, peas, oatmeal, lime- juice, preserved beef and potatoes, sugar, rica, ale, stout, bread, &c; No reserve. Terms-Cash. 26 per cent dopoait on fall ot "hammer. SATURDAY, AUGUST 22. At Eleven o'clock. Two Cases Photographic Album Pictures. To Booksellers, Stationers, Fancy Dosiers, and Others. fl EMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co havo received lo* 1T «tractions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 66 Collins-street weat, on Saturday, 22nd August, at «leven o'clock, 2 cases photographia album pictures, comprising plain and coloured views In Groat Exhibition, 1863, Sovereigns of Europe, Prince and Princess of Wales, Royal Family, caricatures, gorilla from life, actors and actresses, English Cabinet Ministen, political caricatures. _Terms- Cash. SATURDAY, AUGUST 22. At Eleven o'clock. Extensivo and Unreserved Sale of First-clans Books, Comprising HI«torlea', Biographical, Scientific, and Other Litera- ture GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received in* structlons to SELL by AUCTION, at their .rooms, 86 Collins street west, on Saturday, 22nd August, at eloven o'clock, A largo usortment of books, comprising Cowpers Works, Choice Thoughts from SbakHpoare, Blatory of the Pt pes, Professor Wilson's Works, Tales from the German, Bood's Poems, Milton's Poetical WorkB, Gil Blas, History of tho Captivity of Napoleon, Sale's Koran, A very valuable classical Atlas. Also, A largo collection of the works ol Rosco«, Thiers, Du ChalUu, Lever, Bellin, Burns, Mortimer, Irving, and others. No reserve Terms-cash. Catalogues In course of preparation. MONDAY, AUGUST 8L At Twelve o'clock. Household Furnlturo and Effects. 8 Prince's-torraco, Fitzroy stroet, St. Kilda. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received in- structions from W. J. M'HaSlo, Esq., to SELL "by AUCTION, at his residence, 8 Frince's-te-raco, Fit zroy-Btreet, St Kilda, on Monday, 31st August, at twelve o'clock, Tho whole of his valuablo household furniture anti effect. Catalogues in course of preparation. " TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1. r~ At Twelvo o'clock. Villa and Land at Hawthorn. Glenferrlo-lodre and Grounds, Within 36 Minutes' Walk of tho Railway Station. ' To Capitalists, Bankers, Merchants, and Others la Beach of a Desirable Suburban Residence. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co have received ia* structlons from Hope Chas. Bonneau, Esq., prior to his departure for England, to OFFER for BALE, at their rooms, 80 Collins-street, on Tuesday, 1st September, at twelve o'clock, Glenfcrrlo-lodgo and grounds, comprising four acres, situated in the most admirad portion of Hawthorn, and lu immediate proximity to the marnions of his Honour Juago Molesworth, Hon. Gavan Duffy, W. H. Archor, Esq., Regis- trar General. Tho houso, which contains spacious hall, lofty dining and drawing rooms, with handsome marble mantel- pieces, fit o bedrooms, drossingroom, laundry, kitchen with Flavol's cooking-range, ¿to, is approached by a flncly-gravelled tomago drho. Throe sides of tho house have a verandah of 7ft wide Tho garden, which ia stocked with over 160 cholea fruit troes, various, variety of vines, asparoguB beds, various and flowering plants, has boen In a high «tate of cultivation for years. The paddock is laid down with English grasses« securely fenced In, and capable of fooding two cows. Considorablo attontlon has boon paid to tho drainait) of the property, which 1« sufficient guarantee for tho J healthiness of tho locality. Tho situation is extremely retired, and tho completo freedom from dust during; the summor months rendors the proporty ono of the i most deslrablo around Melbourne Terms vory liberal. CardB to view tho property can bo bad from the | auctioneer«, whore all information can bo obtained, FOR PRIVATE SALE. The BALLARAT FLOUR HILLS, Ballarat, Established for Eight Years, And Allowed to be the Best Milling Business in Victoria. To Speculators, Capitalists, Millers, and Others. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received in- structions from the proprietors, Messrs. Hassell and Monckton, who are returning to Europe, to OFFER for PRIVATE BARGAIN, Those celebrated flour-mills, situated in Ballarat and known as The Ballarat Flour-mills. The building is of bluestone, 100ft by 60ft, on two acres of land. The engine (60-horse power) and machinery are of the very bost construction ; six pairs French burr stones, on the most approved principle, with patent silk dressing machines, smutting machines, con- veyors, elevators, and all the appliances for working most economically, and capable or producing 100 tons of flour per week. The quality of flour turned out is surpassed by none, either in Victoria or South Australia, and commands the highest price in Ballarat. Terms very liberal, Further Information can be obtained at the rooms of the auctioneers; or on the premises, Ballarat, where the locks can be inspected. Sale by Auction. THIS DAY. Unreserved Sale of 109 Case» English-made Iron Bedsteads. Now Landing. ii Ex Ontario. * To WholoEaloFurnlturoWarehousemettjIronmongfln, \ Up-country Storekeepers, and Others. J LYONS and Co. aro favoured with Instructions . from tho Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at J their now mut Bourko-atreot, on Friday, 2Ut lust, » at eleven o'clock, ' KO cases assorted English-mado bodltoadl, i Without any reservo, And In lots to suit purchasers, namely : 27 80-1 coses, each eight sets, jspannod green tent bedsteads, 0 x C by 4 x 0 31, 82-2 do, do, bluo do, do 83 EG-4 do, ¿o, do, sup. do, do 37,38-2do, do, green French bedsteads, 6x6 by 4 CD-1 cue, containing six sots sup. London-mado japanned green metallic tent bedsteads, inch iron, with patent packing and brass knobs com- pleto 60-63-4 cases, each some contents 64-1 enso, each six, sup. London made japanned bluo motaUlo tent bedsteads, each 0 x 6 by 4x0 65-88- 24 casOB, each samo content« 104-16 do, each tho samo at No. 61 105-10S-4 do, cock six, same contents 109118-10 do, sup. green, do do 119 121-8 do, samo contents 122-1 caso, eight sets, japannod French bedsteads, 6 x 0 by 4 x 0 ÍES 127-Each somocontents 128-133-Dodo 184-1 case, each l8, sup. children's metallic cot«, 4 by 2 136,186-2 cases, sime content« 187-1 case, do do USD-1 do, four sett/ patent japanned French taper villar bedsteads, 6x6 by 4 x 0, mounted In burnished gold 110-133-16 casos, each same contents 184- 1 case, threo sots, best patent Japanned 2in. taper-pillar bedsteads, 6 x 0 by 4 x 0, orna- mented, &c.; Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. Unrosorved Sale ot Iho Ecmaindor of tho Valuable Furniture Advertised for Sale 14th lnst. J LYONS and Co. are instructed by the importen ? to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr new mart, Bourke-strcet, on Friday, 21sf lnst.! at elevon o'olock, The remainder of tho furniture, ¿to., from the ítalo Ot tho 14th lnst, consisting of, viz.: Handsome rosewood diawingroom suite, COVêTOd in crimson and gold Do do, blue and gold, and crimson flowered Mahogany book stone's Rosewood whatnots and canterbury» Ladies'-»nd occasional rosewood tables Otago couches Mahogany offlo) tables, green cloth Imitation mahogany and rosowood choirs Two new harmoniums, 12 and 16 stops Garden choirs, assorted B andsome pier and other glass Polished birch wasbstnnda and tables to match French-polished birch portablo waterclosets, patent Children's rockb g horses, Ac. linns at Sale. THIS DAY. To the General Trade. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their . new mort, Bourke-strcet, on Friday, 21st hut, alolevoro o'clock, ii ho following goods, without any reserve, namely : i Assorted door and other mat« Foot and shoo brashes - Fancy market-baskets Assorted baskets of rll descriptions, Sec Tcims-Cash. THIS DAY. To Furniture Dcalora, Ironmongers, and Others. J LYONS and Co. wHl SELL by AUCTION, at . their tew mart, Bourko-Btroot, on Friday, 21st lnst, at elevon o'clock, 6 caEes very fine bronze lenders, For positivo and unreaorved Bale, And In lots to suit purchasers. Tot ma-Cash. THIS DAY. 8 Hbds. Sup. Cups and Saucers, JLYONi. and Co, will SELL by AUCTION, at their . new mart, Bourko-street, on Friday, 21st lnst., at.elevon o'clock, 8 hbds , each containing 40 dozen cups and saucers 24 do breakfast plates. In lots to buit prrchaser'. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. For tho Benefit of Whom it May Concern. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at . their nov mart, Bourko-atreot, on Friday, 21st In t., at ha'f past ten o'clock, Previous to the sa'o of the bedsteads, 8 hogshead', each containing Pearl-whlto breakfast cups and rauccrs So bowls and B B plates Do cream jugs and sugars Do butter stands and muffins Do lOln. and 12in. dishes Do eggcupi, etc. Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. To Earthonvato Dealers and Olliors. J LYONS and Co. will 8ELL by AUCTION, at i tholr new mart, Bourko-atroet, on Friday, 21st lnst., at half past ton o'clock, i crates earthenware, consisting ot- es-1 erato, 60 dozen blue willow plates, assorted sizes, ardsoupB 72-1 crate, assorted butter stands, ewers and basins, soap and, brush trays, Jug«, dishes, bakers, chambers, vegetable and other dishes, dipped jugs, &c.; 73-4 crotos, the samo contents. Terms-Cash, rais DAY. To CIoso Accounts for the Mail, To Toy Merchants and Othors. J LYONS and Co will SELL by AUCTION, at . tholr new mart. Bourke street, on rridiy, 21st lnst, at oloven o'clock, Without any resorve, L and R in diamond, 3 cas of, consisting of, namely Bot rocking-horsos, full size Do do, sococd do Do do, third do Beech rocking-horses, assorted, Ac Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. Without any Reservo. Six Bales Grey Qoobo Fcathors. To Upholsterers, Furniture Makers, and Others. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at . tholr now mort, Bourke-strcet, on Friday, 21st lnst, at eleven o'clock, a bales, each 3301b., fine groygooso feathers, In flrst-rato order, and Without any resorve. Terms-Cash. MONDAY, AUGUST 24. Important Sale of 87 Bales and Casca of Superior Spring and Summer < i , "Goods. Just Landed, To Special Order, and for Positive Sale, By Order of the Importers, J LYONS and Co. oro favoured with Instructions ? from the Importers to SELL by AUOnON, al tbolr new mart, Bourko-Btroot, on Monday, 24th lnst., at »leven o'clock, ' ? 87 bales and casos of superior flist-olMa spring and summer goods, just Japded ox Monarch, from London, consisting of 2,cases muslin drcisos, l8 and 20 yard« 1 e aie tibarota 2 coses linen table-cloths 1 case assorted cotton ribbons 3 caseB heavy wincey shirts 1 coso rough browns 1 do huckaback , ' 1 do n- soi tod straw hats i 1 do white cotton shirts , 1 do gauze under-shirts 1 do scarlet worsted frocks 2 cas.es sup. doeskin trousers 2 c1 o do doo veils to match , 3 do do black sacs, doublo stitched and bound 8 do. do voit) to match -, : 3 do do Bedford, cord trousers 1 case do vestB 2 cases do pants, strapped , 3 do do summer clothing, consisting of sites, trousers, and vests 2 do do sup. poa jackets 3 do do pilot trousers ' . . 3 balos Berg« drawers 3 i ases youthB' flannel under-shirtB 2 do military half-hose ' 2 do boys' doe trousers and vests. ' Torms at Sale. THIS DAY. ' In the Insolvent Estato of Mr. H. W. Turner. I Unreserved Solo of Superior Household Furniture. Bayvlow-coUago, Esplanade, Bt, Kilda. ' At Eleven o'clock, J BALL and Co. bave been favoured with instruc . tions from Jamos Mcore, Esq, Official Assignee in the abovo estato, to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, Bayviewcottoge, Esplanade, St Kilda. Tho wholo of tho excellent household furniture, {to , among which will be found, in the Draivingroom. , Very suporior telescope tablo, sldo-tablo«, couch in haircloth, [halr-Boatod chairs, Brussels carpet, fender and polished steel firelroni, handsomo keroseno lamp, curtains and pole, violin, Boho mian glass lustres ; rosowood cottage piano forte, of full compass, having a beau, i ful full tone, by tho celebrated Parla mokor, Bûcher, handsomely-cut glas« decanters, wine-glasses, china, ¿te. Bedroom«. i ' Double four-post Iron bedstead, hair matt rosses, bedding, single iron bedsteads, larg« chest or ' drawers, dressing glasses and tables, doublo washitand ond torvlce, cloth press, table linen, unique bot and coat rail. ' Prttago and Kltohon. Oilcloth, «kin mot«, large cooking stove, crockery, . cooking Utensils, &a; Terms-eosh. J. Ball and Co., auctioneers and valuors, 68 Collin i itreet west. : i. ADMIRALTY COURT, SOUTH AUSTRALIA | Tho Qucon v. 68 Bales Cotton. TO be SOLD1 by AUCTION, ot tho Bonded Storot of Messrs R. and R. Ma'n, Port Adelaide, on Wednesday, the 26th lnst., at noon, By order of this Court, «38 bale» cotton. (Signed) WILLIAM B. BOOTHBY, Marshal. Adelaide, Aogustl7,1803. Rate* by Auottota. THIS DAY. I Office Furnitur«, Iron Safes, Se. To Ironmonger», Furniture Dealer«, «ad Others. GBJUG «nd HCBBAY have reoeived Instn««... toBELL by AUCTION, »t S^l^^i^ ïilday, August 21, at twelve o'clock. "»«a» 2 iron safes Sefficedeski ldo pre sa. Without reserve. Ternis-Cash. MHB DAY. Invoice of Drugs. To Druggist«, Storekeepers, and Others. I «T»y, August SI, at twelvo o'clock, """""". on ft» A aroall invoice of drug», conslrtlng of on m grapo ord cognac, powdered galls, oilI MnJuJi »oint, bluestone, carbonate of mapiZ^S. alaba, sodawater-machlno. ^ eau^marua To close account«. No reservo. _ Tenn» at Sale. THIS DAY. For Account of Whom It May Concern. HI Bag« Daniah 0»u. To Corn Factors, Storekeepers, and Others. GBEIG and MURRAY have recited lnstructlona from the Importers to 8ELL by AUCTION?» Ihelr rooms, on Friday, August 21, at twelve o'clook Ex Dorothea, from Hamburg, * 111 b» ga Danish oat«. Hore or lees damaged by «ca-water. Bold for account of whom It may concern. No reserve. Terms-Cash. IBIS DAY. At the Risk of the Former Purchaser, H. Marks. 3 Caik« Presorted Meat», Vegetables, etc AUFaulti G KEIG and MURRAY have received instroctlems from tee importers to SELL by AUCTION.^ Ihelr room», this day, Friday, August 21, at twelve oclock, At tho risk of the former purchaser, H. Marks. S casks preserved meats, vegetables, 6c. All faults. No reserve. Tams-Cash. THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock. On Account of Ship Golden Land. 49 Case* Stout Te Wine and Spirit Merchant«, Storekeepers, ana Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instruction« to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rocSäj ?lay, Friday, Augtut 21, at twelvo o'clock, ^ ^ On account of ship Golden Land, JA In «Uamond, 27 cases Foi ter'« stout. DB In heart, M, 22 cates Burke'« stout. Case« stained. No reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. 160 Woolpacks (Secondhand). To Woolstaplers, Storekeepers, and! Othors. GREIG and MURRAY have receivod Inatructioi» to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this «Jay, Friday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, 160 secondhand woolpacks. No reserve. Term«-Cash. THIS DAY. Four Balea Wlb. Woolpack«, each 60. Very Slightly attained by Sea water. To Woolataplers, Stoiekeopers, and Others. GREIG and HURRAY have received Instruction« from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Friday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, 4 bales 101b. woolpacks, each 60. Very »lightly* stained by soa-wator. No reserve. Term«-'Cash. MONDAY, AUGUBT 24. Auctioneers* Notice. OUR usual WEEKLY SALE of GROCERIES, Provisions, Wines, and Spirit«, &e.;, will take Slaco on MONDAY, 24th August, »t twelve o'clock, utead of Tuesday, in consequence of tho departure of tho mail on that day. GREIG and MURRAY. MONDAY, AUGUST 24. Preliminary Notice. Important Sale of Groceries, Provisions, Oilmen's Stores, &C.; To Grocers, Wins and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. JHBEIG and MURRAY have received Instructions VC from tho Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, August 24, at twelve «o'clock, Groceries Provisions Oilmen's stores Condies, full and light weights Wines and spirit« Ale and porter, &c; Terms at Sale, MONDAY, AUGUST ti, 140 Hbds. Younger*« Edinburgh and Alloa Ales. 40 Casks Do Ale, In Bottle Pun's Brrndy. i Cockbum's Port Wine. To Merchants, Wine »nd Spirit Merchants, Stores keeper«, and Others. GBEIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from Mc!mrs. Callender and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, 24th lnst, fat twelve o'clock, ¡The follow hut parcel«, to close shipments: 100 htaia Younger*« Alio» a'e 20 do do Fdinburgh do, No. 8 20 do do, No. 4 40 cru ks do ale, In bottlo 10 bhd.-. Pim'a fine dark brandy 10 quarter casks do do 14 do Cockburn'» three diamond port wine, Sr». Teims, liberal, at sale. The auctioneers beg to caU the attention of the trade to the above parcel of goods of these celebrated brands, all now landed In Uno order. FRIDAY, AUGUST 28. Preliminary Notice. ?WO^art^-C*sksFlrsKuahtyBrandlos,Palo»ndDark 60 H lid«. Do Do, Do. 8000 Cases Do Do, Do. 1600 Caso» Geneva. Portions of tho Cargoes ex Suffren, St. Josepho, St, Louis, Ann» Catherina, &c;, from Charente. To Merchants. Win o and Spirit Merchants of Mel- bourne, Geelong, Ballarat, CaMlomalne, Sandhurst, &C.; GREIG and HURRAY hove received Instructions from the Importer«, Messrs J. W. Ploos vaa Amstel and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at tide Horns, on Friday, 28th lnst, at twelvo o'clock, Í0O quarter-casks CO bbds. Ï00O casca, -^ Consisting of tho following brands first-class a J medium brandies : BoulHoc 200 Proprietors Imperial Brandy Proprietors Vineyard Corporation Rlzat Comot Ollivier Freres Dupert and Dumas Stavelot Also, 1Í0O cases Palm-treo geneva. The auctioneer« beg to cadi tho attention of UM trade to this sale of Ant- class pure French bradies, now landed and bonded, Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. X» A. KENNBYwillSELLbyAUCTION.attheroai Jtt, of the Friend In-Hand, Little Colllns-streot oast (where they havo beon removed for convenience of rale), on Friday, August 21, at ten o'clock sharp, un» less rent and charges aro paid, Household furniture Kitchen utonslls and sundries And 2 Newfoundland pup«._^ " SATURDAY, AUGUST 22. At Twelvo o'clock. Peremptory Solo of Household Furniture, PiOT-gtoos, Picturo«, Bar Fittings, Bagatelle-Table. &C; On the Premises, University Hotol, Carlton. BA. KENNEY Is instructed to SELL by AUO» ? TION, without reserve, on the premises, aj »hove, on Saturday, 22nd lnst., at twelvo o'clock, Tho furniture and effects in and upon the sow hotel, comprising Hair conches, hair seated chairs Loo and other tables Handsome pier-glasses 6 dozen lightwood cane chain Fcndora and Irons Carpet«, oilcloths Paintings, engravings, &c; Curtains and polca Bedrooms. Doublo and single iron bedsteads Hair mattresses, bedding Waabstands and ware I Dressing tables and glasses Chests of drawers, ¿to. Kitchen, First-class patent cooking-stove Cooking utensils, crockery, &c.; Beer-ongtao, countor, shelving, elghfrd« de*"*-! handsomo gaeallers, glasses, decanters, seo. Bagatelle-room, FirB'.-class tablo, complete And quantity of sundries. Tonna-cash. No reserve. It A. Kenney, »uctlonoer, coroor ofObancery-iano; THIS DAT. T70R SALE, by AUCTION, at twolve this nay, » J? Kirk's Bazaar, Bourke- BtrcetweBt, __ A splendid four-whoeled Scotch dogcart by wih ham Thompson »nd Son, ol Perth, w»T?T» ?.halls, &e;" comploto ; also, handsome »« °* bingle barnes», by M'Farlane. ,m Hie lot form« a very neat turn-out, and wiD D° ."»» without roservo._ - MONDAY, AUGUST 2Í, Kirk*« Horse Bazaar. WO YUILLE and Co. havobeen Jn»¿u^E%*. , gentleman coming to live In town to am¿H cn fho above d»te, i _ . "won and A weU-brod grey horse, Boston chalBO ana harness. A well-bred brown borso. dogcart, «nd togjT^ .The horse» aro good In saddle and bruñen. ««¿Jg «jemand the vehicles ra first-rate ^"m»!ffia tie attention of gentlemen or medlol men requinm. etc or the other. 