Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. M'Combe's Mart, 20 Collins-street west. JOHN M'COMBE will hold a SALE by AUCTION, on Monday, May 18, at twelve o'clock. To Ironmongers and Others. 18 cases American tacks, 4oz. to 10oz., assorted. Guaranteed sound. Terms at Sale. To Furniture Dealers and O thers. 120 rolls China matting, 4-4 and 5-1, plain and checked. Terms at Sale. To Dealers and Others. Hair-seated chairs, half-tester bedstead, papier mache tables, Engravings framed, hot-water dishes, electro-plated ware, lamps, tea and Coffee Services, So. Terms Cash. To Restaurant Keepers and Others. COJdozen G. S. table spoons v , 50 do do do do 50 do N. S. do do 50 do do table do. Terms Cash. To Ironmongers and Others, 10 cases all 8oz. tnckB, full v eight. Terms at Sale. To Dealers and Others. 1 set platform scales, (so. No reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. I In Consequence of Tuesday being a holiday. To Newly-arrived Immigrants. ' Ashton lodge, Johnston-street, Collingwood. v Derbyshire, High-street, Prahran. ] Down Lodge, near Kow. I To Widowod Lndlos'and Othe s Requiring Small Nora i Cottages and Houses. j MR. STUBBS is instructed by the owner to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, 81 Collins-street, on Monday, 18th May, at twelve o'clock precisely, First-Lt 1. All that excellent, well-built brick, stone, and slated roof, house and premises known no Ashton lodge, with six rooms, out. offices, garden, situate near Johnston-street Bridge, Abbotsford, now in the occupation of Mr. Surveyor Gibson, who has been so kind as to say that he will admit intending purchasers to view the same. Lot 2. All that substantially-well-built property known as Forby villa, having eight rooms, G i b i crandall on all slice. the whole of tho very best timber, and sUtu I roof, observatory its ; detached kitchen, ser vants room, water In plenty and perfection, larg i garden, now occupied by Mrs. Rickards, and situate near the Mount Erica Hotel!. Lots. That very compact property known at Down-lodgo, into the residence of J. Chidley, Esq., and premises, situate in Park-road, KELLY, with verandah front and near, and seven rooms, exclusive of two pantries, stables, coach house, tank, fruit and vegetable garden of one acre. Also, Lot 4. A capital horticultural or box ideal garden paddock of 12 acres, all fenced, near the Race- course Hotel, main Dar denong- road. Terms, liberal, at sale. Titles Guaranteed For further particulars apply at the rooms, or to Sir. Walter-, estate agent, opposite the office of this paper. THIS DAY. In Consequence of Tuesday being a Holiday, to Gentlemen in Search of a Country Residence. For health e Sale. Clio of the most complete and delightfully BRIan to I villas in the neighbourhood of Melbourne, together with extensive Garden, Shrubbery, Orchard, and 77 Acres Land, on the Cotham-road, Kew, Known as Woodlawn. 7TH. STUBBS has received from the proprietor iii- I structions to SELL to the highest bidder, at his rooms, Collins-street west, on Monday, 18th May, at-, twelve o'clock precisely, The above very desirable property, recently erected, and in a most complete state of rep iii. The land has a frontage to the Cotham road "f all of chains, by a depth of 15 chains, comprises in all 75 acres, upon which is erected a substantial brick house, with bluestone foundation, and stateroom, surrounded on two sides by spacious vor and ah, 7ft by 5ft. 11 contains drawingroom, 18ft x 14ft., with two handsome i plate-glass window, Venetian blinds, marble mantelpieces, c Dlrnngrooni, 14ft. x 14ft., fitted in like manner Best bedroom, 14ft x 18ft., with Ward robe Two other bedrooms, 14ft. x 11ft, and 12ft. x Btt. respectively. Large kltchon,wlthovon, dresser, cupboards, &" Pantry, dairy. The rooms are all built with fireplaces, and bo'U hung throughout the home. The out-buildings consist of a capital two-stalled stable, man's room, gig shed, fowl-house, piggery, as There is also a large cemented tank and pump. The land has sided Into grass paddock of five-acre, a smaller paddock (under the plough), and garden of one and a quart of acres, which has been drained, trench ) 1, and laid out in the most tasteful manner with rice flowers and shrubs ; there are also a large number at vines and fruit-trees of every description, all be tall _ Itailng. Mr. Stubbs in calling attention to the above desires to state that it is seldom a property is offered si Uoioughly desirable In every respect. The situation is on high ground, commanding; some of the most picturesque scenery near Melbourne. The house having r . been built by the proprietor for his own residence, a most substantial, conv cement, and in thorough repair and as the auctioneer's instructions are positively to sail, Intending purchasers should lose no time in inspecting the property, which may probably be sold for one-half its original cost. It is about two miles from Kew Post-office, on the right hand side. Cars will take . passengers close to the house for a trifling extra gra tully. Cards to view and all particulars may be ob- land of the auctioneer. Terms One third cash ; balance by bills at three, six, and nine months', with 10 per cent. Interest. " Title Guaranteed. THIS DAY. St. Kilda. Auction Sale of Valuable Household Furniture and Effects. Brilliant-toned Pianoforte. Oil Po'r.tlrrgß, Plate, Glass. i Poultry, Milch Cow, Ac. No. 6 Gloucester-terrace, St. Kilda. MR STUBBS Is favoured with Instructions receive I from Mrs. Doctor Houston, previous to her 1 departure from the colony, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, G Gloucester-terrace, on Monday, May 18, sale to commence at half-past twelve -j o'clock precisely, The whole of that lady's well-selected suites of ' household furniture, &c.; A Diningroom. Mahogany Extension telescope d Inlr tables 2 Half covered chairs, morocco covered easy chair, Hair-seated sofa and cushions j brilliant-toned 0] octavo piano, In rosewood case Handsome sideboard, plate-glass back Pier- glass, But stein carpet Curtains, comics, Ac. Fender and Irons Handsome suite of plated-ware, including BOt of four silver plated side dishes And Several beautiful oil and water colour paintings, by the eminent artist J. A. Houston, M.R.A. Drawingroom Bolto of couch, cosy and ordinary chain Handsome loo table, chiffonniere pier- glass, carpet, and rug fender and irons, curtains Ornaments, etc. Also, a Surgical Instruments Medical works. Bedrooms. Double iron bedsteads and mattresses, tables, classes, chest drawers, carpets, c, Kitchen and Yard, Culinary utensils MUch cow, poultry, &c.; Catalogues at Solo, L Sales by Auction. IKÍ1POBÍRILY POSTPONED UNTIL a FUTURE DAY." I To Respectable Families Funijsqirjjr, c -Very Handsome Suites of Drawingroom, Diningroom, Bedroom, and other Surcib Household Furniture and Effects, First-class Brilliant-toned Pianoforte ; Dinner, Dessert, Tea, and other Services; Engravings, China, Pinto, the. , * ; MR. STUBBS Is favoured with instructions received from G. Fairburn, Esq. (previous to that gentleman's departure for the country), to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his town residence, "Welling ton- parade, East Melbourne, The entire and wholly complete suites of his beautiful furniture, all of which will appear in the catalogue now preparing for distribution. Turns Cash ' Note-The furniture will be on view from Monday j till day of sale, any time between eleven and four. " FRIDAY, MAY 22. ' Important Notice . Of The Forthcoming Second Series of Public Sales to be held of . Properties Belonging to the Provident Institute. By Order of the Assignees. MR. STUBBS Is favoured with instructions received from E. Courtney and J. Langlands, Xcqt., Official 'and Trade Assignees respectively of the Provident Institute, to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at his auction rooms, on Friday, the 22nd May, sale to commence at two of o'clock precisely, The under-mentioned town, suburban, and country freehold properties. further description, of which will appear in a future issue, and which (in the meantime) may be ascertained at the rooms, in the following order, viz. : lot 1. The Wellington Arms, Wellington-street, Collingwood 2\. Two-story stone and brick built shop and dwelling-house, adjoining the Echldoio Hotel, Brunswick-street. j 8 A valuable leasehold warehouse and property, including the whole of the original half-acre Allotment 11 of Section 1, situate at the corner of Collins and King streets, Melbourne, known asBradshaw's WoolStorcB, having a frontage of 132ft. to Collins-street b> 66ft. 6in. to King street, and having erected thereon, in?. three separate stories, comprised in one solid structure of bluestone, with slated roof; a noble cellar floor, 30 x 108, capable of storing 1000 tons of goods; the streEt floorÍBalso30^108, and includes counting house, ifllccB, &c.; came gated iron store, CO x GO, lately occupied by Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co. ; hay and corn store, also of iron; and two other lion build ings, with vacant land. The whole subject only. to £150 per annum, loss £50 paid annually by Messrs. Westby and Co. for use of r great way. The lease, which has about 10 years to run, may be seen at Messrs. Bronckhorst, Smale, and Duerdin s offices. i 4\. Valuable freehold, known as Northampton buildings, situate in Acland-street, St. Kilda. 6\. Two two-story houses, fronting Bridge-road, Richmond, near the Star and Garter Hotel 6\. Mr. Affleck's valuable estate, of 60 acres, part of Portion 140 B, parish of Boroondara, about three quarters of a mile from the residence the hon. the Premier. 7.480 acres land, county Mornington, pu hill) Warrandyte, Section A, bounded by a Government road three chains wide. , 8. Township of Kilmore. One allotment, portion of No. of Section 12, Gipps shoot, with all buildings erected thereon. 9\. Township of Enmore. Lot No. 3 of Allot- ment No. 2 of Section No. 2, with all buildings erected thereon. 10\. Valuable freehold of 22 acres, part of Allot- ment No. 15, pa: it h of Doutta Galla, ML onal Ponds. 11\. Three dwellinghouses and shops, Church street, Richmond, parish Jika Jika, No. 103, an half of Allotment No. 107 on the plan of subdivision, by J. R. Murphy, Esq., of Port ins 7 and 8. 12\. Allotment 6, and part of 7, Sec. D., township of Ararat, with all buildings erected thereon. 18\. Township of Beechworth Allotment 3 of Sec. 6, with all buildings erected thereon. 14\. Great Brighton-road Lots 3, 4, and J!, subdivision (of Allotments 233 end 231, with all buildings erected thereon, in the parish of Prahran. i - 36.-Collingwood-Young-streot, partes Sub allotment No. 72, with all buildings erected to one in, - 10\. Gardiner, parish Prahran-9 acres, Portion No. 04. 1743 acres, more or less, part of Portion 05, said parish. l8-East Collingwood-Five houseBaud one acre of land near the river. - For title, parties are respectfully inferred to Messrs. Bronckhorst, Smale, and Duerdin, solicitors to the A . agrees. Terms made known at the solo. THIS DAY. 20 Bales Cinnamon. To Grocers and Spice Merchants, Storekeepers and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, May 18, at twelve o'clock. Just landed, 20 bales cinnamon. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. SOO Bags Mauritius Cr j stn 1 Sugar. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, May 15, at twelve o'clock, 200 bags Mauritius crystal sugar. To close accounts. for ins at Sale. THIS DAY. 167 Cases Oilmen's Stores. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instruction" from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, 18th May, at twelve o'clock, Ex Golden Horn, 100 cases Cameron's resorted pickles, pints, each 2 dozen , 4ft do do malt vinegar, quarts, each 2 dozen 2 do do essence of anchovy, each 0 do/on 4 do do Worcester sauce, half-pints, cool 6 dozen 1 cue do bottled fruits, each 2 dozen. Just landed. No reserve. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 88 Bags Dutch Oats. To Corn Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others?. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, May 18, at twelve o'clock, The first lot to be sold, Ex Hon In r by, from Rotterdam, 38 bags Dutch oats. More or less damaged. Sold on account of whom it may concern No reserve. Terms Dash. THIS DAY. Byass's and Barclay and Perkins's Stout. Guaranteed Parcels To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers', and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, May 15, at twelve o'clock, 60 cases Byass's stout, each 4 dozen 40 do Barclay's do do. In guaranteed condition. No reserve. Tons s Liberal. G: THIS DAY. At Two civ o o'clock sharp. 01 Bags Dutch Oats. All Faults. To Comdcalcrs, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instruction) to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, May 18, at twelve o'clock, i Bl Macassar, from Hamburgh, 01 bags Dutch ontK. More or less damaged by sea water. Sold for account of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms - Cash THIS DAY. Gum Arabic, Orange Peel, Logs wood. To Chemists s and Druggists and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions -_,' to SELL by AUCTION, at fa sir rooms, this day, Monday, May 18, at twelve o'clock, The first lots to be sold, Ex Golden Horn, E K in diamond, 2 casks gum arabic 1 bore dried oral go peel 1 cask logwood. More or less damaged by sea-water. Sold for the benefit of whom it may con ern,. No reason of its Term Cash. THIS DAY. [ 100 Casks Strong Burton Ale. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. . *_R_TGi_d MURRAY have received instructions WA from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Monday, May 18, at twelve o'clock, , 100 casks Burton strong ale. ; Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. | 888 Boxes Kate's and Pi Ico't Belmont Candles. To Close Accounts. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. JIREH and MURRAY have received Instructions AT to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, May 18, at twelve o'clock, 140 boxes Price's Belmont candles, full weights, la lib. pact oats. 50 do do, light weights 70 do Hale's candles, 5lb. packets. Guaranteed sound. Also, More or less stained by sea-water, Ex Maxwell, 54 boxes Price's Belmont candles, lib packets, full weights S Cdo delight do. I . -. - To close accounts. _ Terms at Baits THIS DAY. 12 Cases Masboch's Sparkling Burgundy., ' 20 Do Champagne To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Monday, May 18, at twelve o'clock, IS cases M bach's sparkling burgundy, best quality. Also, 20 cases champagne. No reserve Terms Oath. Sales by Auction. THIS DAY". 155 Bags Salt To Grocers, Storekeeper s, and Others. | GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on! Monday, May 18, at twelve o'clock, I Ex Honingby, from Rotter dam, , ' 155 bags salt. \ No reserve. To m6-Cash ~ THIS DAY. 700 Cases Anchor Brand Geneva. For Unrcron ed Sale. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Othe s. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, May 18, at twelve o'clock, 700 cases anchor brand get ova ' For positive sale. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. Fine New Eleme Figs Jordan Almonds. Muscatel Raisins. Salad Oil, &c.; Ex Tambo, just Landed. I To Grocers, Fruiterers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, May 18, at twelve e o'clock, Ex Tambo, from London, 45 cases finest new figs 6 do Jordan almonds 7 do (tin lined) muscatel raisins 25 do quart salad oil. The above are just landed, and will be sold. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. THIS DAY. 600 Boxes Brandon's Light-weight Candles. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. fajREIG and MURRAY have received instructions AT to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, May 18, at twelve o'clock, 600 boxes Brandon's light weight candles, each 25 cartoons, In guaranteed order. Terms Liberal THIS DAY. 100 Cases Foast's Pint pickles, each 3 Dozen. For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. To Grocers, Storekeeper', and Others. J GREIG and MURRAY have seen or] li structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, May 18, at twelve o'clock, j A and EAL in diamond, Sec. 1-100, Ex Tambo, from London. i 100 cases Feast's pickles, each 3 dozen. > Labels slightly damaged by damp. | Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. Tom Cash. THIS DAY. 219 Boxes Cramer's Full Weight Candles, each 21, Cartoons. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, May 18, at twelve o'clock. Ex Macassar, Captain J. O. E Boehm, trun Hamburg. , Crown over N 0. t 219 boxes Cramer's full-weight candles, each 21 cartoons. More or less damaged by sea-water. Sold for the benefit of a horn it may concern. No reserve Tel ms-Cash. THIS DAY. 25 Firkins White Herrings. < 25 Half Barrels Do. To Go overs, Storekeepers, and Others GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day (Monday), May 18, at twelve o'clock, 25 firkins white herrings 25 half-barrels do. No resort o. Toms Cash. THIS DAY. 70 Barrels Pearl Darley, each 1 cwt. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. O KEIG and MURRAY have received instructions. from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Monday, 18th May, at twelve i o'clock, 70 barrels pearl I Early, each been t. slightly damaged. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. | Byass's Ale, Quarts and Pint. j To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and { Others I GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Monday, May 18, at twelve o'clock, I 60 casks Byass's ale, quarts I 20 do do, pints. * | To close accounts > i Terms at Sale THIS DAY. Broome's Bacon, Middles. Just Land, d Ex Roxburgh Castle no cases To Grocers, Provision Merchant, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Monday, May 28, at twelve o'clock, Ex Roxburgh Cattle, 35 cases Broome's bacon, middles, just landed. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. 20 Barrels Pork. 6 2 Hlidf. Ale. To Ship Chandlers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, May 18, at twelve o'clock, 20 barrels pork 2 buds. ale. No reserve. terms Cash. THIS DAY. One Case Jean Marie Tarina's Kau doCologuo To Perfumers, Chemists, and Others,. GREIG and MURRAY have received ins'ri">tlotn to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Monday, May 18, at Ivy elven o'clock, One case Jean Marie Farina cou do CologLC. No reserve. Ttnm-Cfh. THIS DAY. 30 Dozen Gunny Bags. To Corn Dealers and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions XX from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Monday, 18th May, at the city o'clock, 30 dozen gunny bags, NoioEcno. Terms-Oath THURSDAY, MAY 21. At Eleven o'clock Sharp. At the Victorian Railway, Spencer-street. At W. M. Bell's Bonded Stores, Little Collins-street 170 Hhds. No. 3 Ale (New Brew). For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, as under, at Unit rooms, on Thursday, 21st May, at t try five o'clock precisely, 5 At the Victorian Railway, Spencer-street, J Ex Royal Saxon, ! 80 hhds. No 3 ale (new brew), In bond. Immediately afterwards, At W. M. Bell's Bond, Little Collins-street east Ex Zoboah, CO hhds. No. 3 ale (new brew), in bond. Ex Morning Light, SO hhds. No. 3 are (now brow), In bond SO dodo, duty paid. To behold with all faults (if any). Terms, liberal!, at sale. N) reserve. Note Eleven o'clock First at Victorian Railway, »ndaltorwardsnt W. M Bell's bond. WEDNESDAY, MAY 20. To Shipowners. Merchants, Importers, and Those Engaged in the East Indian, Mauritius, or Intercolonial Trades. The Beautiful Now At Banana ONWARD. J JAMES LAWRANCE has received instructions to tf SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, on Wednesday, 20th May, at twelve o'clock, The A1 barque j ON W A R D, ] 513 tons register, 800 tons burthen, of the 1 following dimensions, viz. : 2 Length, 100ft. x J Breadth, 270ft. , j Depth, 240ft. I, This fine vessel was built at St. John's, New Brunswick, under special survey, expressly for her present owners, and is classed A lot LI or d's for seven years, arid entitled to run to 1870. She is a very handsome model, and is finished In first-class style. She shifts with a swept hold, and only required it I ME all quantity of ballast to go to sea with. Silo 11 per clearly well adapted for the stock trade, having a clear 1 old fore and aft Her carrying capacity In other respects is very large. list; cabin accommodation is very superior, being tied up in an elegant manner, besides having a h M break of poop, with enclosed space suitable for either cured or stores. Her masts, spars, rigging, gear, c-, are all fitted on the most modern principle. The auctioneer earnestly invites intending purchasers to inspect this LOSS el, as she presently lies in the Kit or Yam. ' Mer Inventory Is most complete, and consists of an East Indian fit-out. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, MAY 21. Horses. Horses. To Formorp, Waggoners, and Others. THOMAS HERBERT has been favoured with la sanctions from Mr. Murray, of Colac, to DISPOSE OF by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Thursday next, ZU: inst., at the Cattle-yards, Flemington, 25 head magnificent draught colts and fillies', all three years old. Solo to commence at twelve o'clock The above horses are bred by and are direct 'n in the station of Mr. Murray, of Colac, and are no fly state produce of the celebrated draught horse Pride, fresh picked mares. For thorough us whites, for all farm, waggon, and dray work, this lot will be found to be unsurpassed, as they possess, to an extraordinary degree, great substance, with complete compactness, and are guaranteed three j tors oM. Buj ers for New Zealand will find this a most eligible opportunity for obtaining valuable stock. Sales by Auction. ON AN EARLY DAY. Stone Dwelling, on the Banks of the River Yarra, near the Residence of Sir Francis Murphy, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. - / . JOHN LEVY and SONS have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, at twelve o'clock prompt, r That delightfully situated property, having a frontage of 60ft, more or less, to Victoria crescent by a depth of 137ft running down to the River Yarra, to which it has a frontage of 83 It, or thereabouts On the above land has been erected, at considerable expense, a stone dwelling- house of 11 rooms, the drawing-room, which opens out upon the balcony, Icing 30ft. long, and all the other rooms being pro- portionately commodious and lofty. The auctioneers respectfully suggest to intending purchasers a personal inspection of the property, as it is out of repair, not having been tenanted, and is to be sold without the slightest reserve forms, liberal, declared at sale Note -A photograph of the property on view at the rooms of the auctioneers, John Levy and Sons, 14 Collins-street west THIS DAY To Sliipchandlcrs, Shipwrights, Ironmongers, Masters of Vessels, and Others. Muntz's Metal, Ex Moravian. For Positive Sale. JOHN LEVY and SONS have been instructed to SELL by AUCTION. at the rooms, 14 Collins street west, on Monday, May 18, at eleven o'clock, An Invoice of Muntz s patent metal and nails, direct from the manufactory, Birmingham, comprising 17 cases, each 100 sheets, from 20or to. 24oz S casks nails, 139, and 18 inch Terms Liberal THIS DAY. Unsold Portion of Fi day's Sale For Prince of Wales's festivities. Things, FlagS and illuminations [Closing Sale To Bankers, Merchants, and the Public in General. JOHN LEVY and SONS have received instructions to our Messrs H B. Donaldson and Co ; the importers, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 14 Collins street west, at eleven o'clock prompt, SO English ensigns, all sizes 12 do Union Jacks, all sizes 11 sons Mirrytt's nigh als, Cargo, 170 flags 12 do do, met!, 102 do 12 do do, Elivill, 192 do 12 foreign ensign s, Danish, &o; 1 Australian ensign 25 secondhand flags, various 100 bolts bunting, all colours Blue lights, tar barrels, EC 2 pairs ship's cannons 1 pair do saluting do ' Flagpoles. The above are all from first class English manufacturers as used by H. M Government, and worthy the attention of those who desire to do honour to the joy- each occasion Terms cash | No Kesen o. WEDNESDAY MAY 20 To Exporters to New Zealand, Tasmania, Ship Chandlers, Masters of Vessels, and Others. Moss Pork and Beef Now Landed To Follow the Sale at the Central Bond. JOHN LEVY and SONS have rocohodinstiuctlon3 from Messrs Wilkinson Brothers and Co. to & SELL by AUCTION, at their stores, Collins street west, on Wednesday, May 21, about twelve o'clock, Immediately after the sale at the Central Bond, Ex Spoo, B-50 barrels mess pork. Ex Independence. 340 barrels mess pork H-68 do my ES beef Ex Amollo, H-20 barrels pork The above will be sold in lots to suit purchasers. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, MAY 20. Important Positive Sale To Close Accounts for the Mall. By Order of the Consignees 100 FackagiBSupcriorTobsccoos. I Sale to take place at the 1 Central Bonding Warehouses To Merchants, Tobacconists, Exporters, and the Trade Gener illy. i JOHN LEVY and SONS have received instructions J from the consignees to SELL by AUCTION, at the Central Bond, Little Collins street, near Queen street, on Wednesday, May 20, at eleven o'clock, 106 cases of tobacco, or lines descriptions, viz - £9 ca' os Oceanica, Jib. 33 do Bald Eagle, do 15 three quarter boxes Belvidere, tons 16 do George Morris 10 do 1 lion son 18 do Rudolph's 4 do Logan 12 do Dougoli. Sample packages of the above will be opened on morning of sale, and the trade are respectfully invited to inspect them. I Terms Liberal WEDNESDAY, MAY 20 Tons and Jib Tobaccoes. To Close Accounts ë Barker's Road. , Ttalb's Bond, JOHN LEVY and SONS have resolved. instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at Barker's Bond, on Wednesday, May 20, at half-past ten o'clock, SO three-quarter boxes tous tobacco. Also, Immediately after the sale at Messrs. Wilkinson Bros. At Teale's Bonded Stores, 20 cases, each eight boxes, Jib. lump tobacco. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, MAY 21. Stead and Simpson's Boots and Shoes. JOHN LEVY and SONS havo|rcco!ud Instructions from the importers, Messrs H. W. Farrar an I Co., to SELL by AUCTION, on Thursday, May 21, at eleven o'clock. Ex Rt burgh Castle, l NowLandbjg, 126 packages boot and shoes, manufactured by Stead and Simpson, consisting of Bet nailed water tight s, tinkered Do sprigged do, do So do bluchers Do nailed do Call kip army bluchers Long, and short calf wellingtons, sprigged too an I Joint Calf elastics, sprigged Women's and girls. calf lace boots Women's plain and patent goloshed cloth boots Girls' cordovan lace Girls' grain balmorals, rivetted Tornisat Sale Note-The Is a new shipment of Messrs. Stead and Simpson's celebrated manufactures, just arrived at Roxburgh Castle, amongst which will be found some a very desirable lines. THURSDAY, MAY 21. To Follow the Sale of Messrs. Stead and Simpson's Goods. 95 Packages Boots and Shoes, Ladies'' and Children's. From the Celebrated Manufactory of Messrs. Bostock and Co. JOHN LEVY and SONS arolnstiuctcd by Messrs. S. Topp and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 14 Collins street west, on Thursday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, B & Co. in oblong, 95 packages boots and shoes Ladies' and children's goods, The manufacture of Messrs. Bostock and Co. Further particulars and terms prior to sale. Note -This small shipment of seasonable goods is north the attention of those of the boot and shoe trade requiring first-class goods, THIS DAY. 15,000 Best Bangor Slates, 24 x 12, 22 x 12, and 2010. CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on Australian Wharf, on Monday, May 18, at eleven o'clock. 5000 blue Bangor al . tes, 22 x 12 6000 do do do, 22 x 12 fOOD do do do, 20 x 10, In fine condition. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. 70 Cedar Logs. 10,000ft. Cedar Boards and Scantling. CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, of the Australian Wharf, on Monday, May 18, at eleven o'clock, Ex Josephine, from Richmond River. 70 cedar logs, 6000ft. super. lO.OOOfi. super, cedar boards and scantling, J, J, 1, THURSDAY, MAY 26. Important to Cattle-holders, Breeders of Choice Stock, and Farmer. POWER, RUTHERFORD, and Co. have instructed their Mr. Davenport to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Thursday, the 21st of May, at the Weerangourt Station, near Hamilton, All those valuable Hereford cattle known as the Cox, of Weerangourt, Herd, Consisting of 100 cows and bullocks over seven years 400 cows over two and under seven years 350 bullocks do do 800 heifers one or two years 200 steers do 200 choice cows, with pure-bred calves at foot i bull calves. Total, 1651 head. To be sold in lots to suit purchasers. and 2 superior Hereford bulb, and 1 bull calf, yearling, by Adjutant, out of an imported English pure-bred Hereford cow-sheds pedigrees. And being the choicest lot of cattle of the above number ever submitted to public competition either in this or any of the adjoining colonies. The auctioneers can assert, with the greatest confidence, that the expense and trouble gone to in bringing this herd to its present state of perfection has been endless. They trust, therefore, that those interested in stock-breeding will avail themselves this opportunity to secure the results of so much care and trouble, thus saving the necessary expense that has accompanied the breeder's exertions in establishing this magnificent herd. At no time have any cattle surpassed the above in general health, vigour of constitution, and good fattening qualities, and disease of any kind has always been unknown amongst them. All those who bought at the last sale of surplus store stock at Weerangourt have expressed their utmost satisfaction with the results of their purchases. There will also he sold after the cattle, CO head good horses, broken and unbroken. Terms, liberal, at sale. Full particulars as to the best method of reach at the station at the offices, 122 Queen-street, Melbourne. Sales by Auction. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. American Kerosene Lamps, Wicks, Chimneys, &c.; Ex Liberty, from London. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 33 and 40 Collins-street east, on an early day, due notice of which will be given, 40 cases American kerosene lamps, , Assorted sizes and patterns. Lamp wicks, chluimjs,gobes, the Full particulars in future advertisement. WEDNESDAY, MAY 20. Auction Notice. i " To Pat tioH Furnishing. Catalogue Sale t , Of Household Furniture, tee. Every Wednesday, at Eleven o'clock. Next Sale, Wednesday, May 20. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE will hold the irregular Wednesday's catalogue SALE by AUCTION. of ' new and secondhand HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE-, etc., at their furniture and general auction rooms, 38 and '40 Collins-street east, next New Bank of Vic-' train, on Wednesday, May 20, commencing at eleven o'clock, N.B. Par ties having furniture, caste (dispose of, will oblige the auctioneers by sending tramlines h ter than Tuesday, to return the r being Inserted as he catalogue. THURSDAY, MAY 21. ' At Twelve o'clock. Cotham-road. Kew. Superior Household Furniture. To Parties Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and Others. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE have been favoured with instructions from E. C. Wheelock. Esq., in consequence of his departure for Europe, to h SELL by AUCTION, at his residence, Cotham-road, Kew, on Thursday, 21st May, at twelve o'clock, His superior household furniture, consisting of Drawingroom. Couch and six chair', in morocco ; easy-chair, do. ; mahogany loo table and cover, Brussels carpet and hearth-rug, fender and fireirons, handsome bookcase, papier-mache devonport, engravings, ornaments, as Diningroom. Brussels carpet and hearth-rug, telescope dining table and cover, handsome sideboard, couch and chairs, fender and fireirons, superior electro-plated tea and coffee set, cruet frame, spoons and forks ; ivory-handled cutlery, richly cut glass and china ware, handsome dinner service, fruit do. Hall and Verandah. Floorcloth, nearly new Wool mats, hall table, folding chair Blinds fitted to verandah, with fittings, complete. Bedrooms. Wardrobe, handsome full-size tubular bedstead, port brass ; single do ; horsehair mattresses and I Palliasses, bolsters and feather pillows ; superior blankets, sheets, and counterpanes, washstands and toilet wore a marble slab and other look Ing glasses, towel horses, Cane-seat chairs, chests of drawers, matting, bath, floorcloth, late. The usual kitchen furniture and utensils ; having been but little In use, are nearly equal to now. Sundries. Ice chest Copying press, superior A few groceries and stores Bags of chaff, oats, and bran Large dog's house, c. For further particulars see catalogues, which will be ready on Monday, May 18. NB-The whole of the furniture having been but a few months in use, is nearly as good as new. Will be Sold Without Reserve. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. At the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Station, Ex Amelie, from Canton. 108 Bags Rice, More or Less Damaged by Sea water GEMMELL, McCAUL, and Co. have received in structions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Rail ray Station, on Monday, 18th May, at eleven o'clock, 200 bags rice, more or less damaged by sea-water. Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock. Illuminations. Illuminations. CO Cases Chinese Fireworks. To Illuminators, Rojolcers, Dealers, and Others. GEMMELL, McCAUL and Co. have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, SO Collins-street west, on Monday, 18th May, at twelve o'clock. In lots to suit purchasers, 10 cases Chinese fireworks, compr .ugalargo and varied assortment of Rockets Squibs And all the necessary paraphernalia for public demonstrations, rejoicing', illuminations, c. Fence Cash. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. - To Follow the Sale of Salt. At the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Shed. 84 Cases Champagne Imperial Cognac Brandy. Ex Golden Horn More or Less Damaged by Sea-water. GEMMELL, McCAUL, and Co have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Shed, on Monday, 18th May, at eleven o'clock, 84 cases Champagne Imperial Cognac brandy. Ex Golden Horn. More or less damaged by sea-water. Sold for the benefited whom it may concern. No reserve. _Torms-Cash._ THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. To Follow the Sale of Rico. At the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Shed. Ex Anna Catharine. 3000 Bags Coarse Salt. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received instructions from Messrs. Bligh and Harbottle to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mt Thomas and Hobson'.-) Bay Railway Shed, on Monday, 18th May, at eleven o'clock, 1000 bags coarse salt. IXAnaCatharina. Torrens at the. Note Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Shed, to follow i aloof rice ex Anchises THURSDAY, MAY 21. | Twelve o'clock., 1 Elegant Household Furniture and Effects. Barkly-street, St'. Kilda, third house south from I Formosa-terrace, and adjoining the Residence of F. C Smith, Esq. j To Parties Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and Others. R GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received in XX structions from the proprietor, who is giving up housekeeping, to SELL by AUCTION, On Thursday 21st May, at twelve o'clock, on the premises, third house south of Foi Rose-terrace, and adjoining the residence of F. G Smith, Esq., The whole of the valuable household furniture and effects, comprising Diningroom. Mahogany extension table, easy-chair in morocco, hair-cut sofa and chairs, bookcase, valuable proof engravings, be. Valuable Library. Drawingroom. Elegant walnut suite, in corded green rep ; hand- some chiffonniere, mirrored panels and back, marble top; rencontre table-, splendid- toned cottage pianoforte, elegant fire screen, worked in silk ; Japanese cabinet, inlaid woods ; pier glasses, &c.; Bedrooms. Four-post and other Iron bedsteads, washstands, toilet services, dressing-tables, two large wardrobes, chests drawers, c ' Hall. Table, carved chairs, carved oak chest nearly 250 years old ; copying press, ice. Kitchen and Laundry. The usual utensils. . Terms cash. No reserve Goods on view day prior to sale. Catalogues at rooms of auctioneers. FRIDAY, MAY 22. At Twelve o'clock. Ramsay-cottage, Inkermann-street, St Kilda. Elegant and well-kept Household Furniture, &c.; Brilliant-toned Piano. To Parties Furnishing, Dealers, and Others. GEMMELL, McCAUL, and Co. have received instructions from Madame Lucy Escott to SELL by AUCTION, at Ramsay cottage, Inko) more- street, St. Kilda, on Friday, 22nd May, at twelve o'clock, All her Elegant and well-kept household furniture, emulating of Diningroom suite Drawingroom do Bedroom do Brilliant-toned cottage piano ' Bed and table linen Plated and glass ware Kitchen utensils, c. No reserve. Catalogues In course of preparation. AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. I THE SALE of INDIA SHAWLS, Mullins, Laces, Ribbons, Household Furniture, etc. advertised to be sold at Homerton house, South Yarra, will take place on Wednesday, the 21st inst., and following day. Full pay ticulars In future adverUsomant. R. A. KENNEY, auctioneer, corner of Chancery-lane WEDNESDAY, MAY 20. At Twelve O'clock. On the Premises, Homes ton-House, comer of Gardiner's Creek and St. Kilda reads. Important Sale of Dacca Muslin Dresses, India, French, and China Shawls, Silks, Real Point and Reusch Lace, India Embroidered Must IUB, Wreaths, Feathers, Head-dresses, 50. RA. KENNEY has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises as above, on Wednesday, 20th inst., at twelve o'clock, Decca muslin dresses India, French, and China shawls Real point and Brussels lace Embossed India muslins French flowers Feathers and head-dresses Lace mantles Velvets, gloves, ribbons Bonnets, hats, childs' dresses, etc General drapery goods. Also, Household furniture and sundries. As the proprietor is determined to dispose of the entire stock-in-trade. The whole will positively be sold without the slightest reserve, In lots to suit private buyers. R. A. Kenney, auctioneer, corner of Chancery-lane. Sales by Auction.. , agE undersigned OFFER for PRIVATE SALE, X CEYLON, Plantation, and Native COrFEE,o_ Bitza Corryj-F_iry;-and- Eliza- Blanche; from Co I j case. I FRASER and COHEN, 83 Collins-street « est. j - _ -For PRIVATE SALE. i N , To Ironmongers. . "p LANGWILL and Co., having failed to effect a I JL, solo of their businesses London, air Uro health of their managing partner necessitating sr Irrinejhto I change, are now prepared to SELL the Vi HOLE, or any, of their BRANCHES upon very eligible terms ; or to treat with persons in the colony possessing some ; little capital, and who may be suited to take effective t_rj»gcniont of the business under a condition of partnership, The business, is at present conducted in the following i freehold premises : No. 12 Collins-street, Melbourne ; Ford-street, Beechworth ; Main-street, Chiltern ; Do do, Morse's Creek ; J The whole of which have valuable and long established connexions. I Full information can be obtained from Messrs. FRASER and COHEN, Collins-street and from the managers of the various branches. Melbourne, 10th April, 1888 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Valuable Farm and Buildings. Deep Creek, about 10 Miles from Town To Speculators, Trustee!, Farmer?, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from the mortgagees to SELL by AUCTION, as their rooms, 83 Collins street, on a day to be named in a future advertisement, at twelve o'clock pre- story, That valuable farm known as Hill's Farm, consisting of 640 acres, situate at Deep Creek, Bulla Bulla, about 10 miles from town, partly under cultivation, on which is built a substantial residence, with out- offices, As Further particulars in a future issue. For further particulars apply to Messrs. Klingender, Charsley, and Liddle. THIS DAY. " About 700 Bags Mauritius Sugar. To be Positively Sold to Close Accoui U To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. rlUJDZR and COHEN have received instruction from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, as , their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Monday, May 1 18, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, About 700 bags Mauritius sugar. To be positively sold, to close accounts. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, MAY 21. For Positive and Unreserved Sale. City, Suburban, and Country Property. Under Instructions from the Proprietor, who is To living for Europe. To Speculators, Trustees SS king Investments, and Others. FRASER and COHEN hav o received Instructions from N. Harris, Esq , prior to his departure for Europe, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street, on Thursday, May 21, at twelve o'clock precisely., The following really valuable properties : Lots, being two original Government lots, numbered 1 and 2, having a frontage to William-street of 132ft, by a depth or other frontage of to A_eokott> Street of 165ft. This is a really valuable corner allotment, in the centre oltheclty, which offers an opportunity for Invest ment, or for the building of a large and commodious factory, or other purposes. Such an opportunity may not occur again. Lot 2. A portion of land at St Kilda, being part of Al lo'incntNo 28, and comprising lots Nos Harris 42, with a free to go to Dalgety-street of 40ft. by a depth of 150ft. bin. This lot is fenced in, and in situated immedi "ely opposite Lansdowne-terrace, and v Ullin three minutes walk from the St. Kilda railway station. Lot 2. A piece of land, Allotment No 18 of Section 23 A, town of Melbourne, containing 20 p roses. Lots. A piece of land situate in the main Iii ghton road, corner of Were street, containing.,' Sa. lr. and 29p, having a frontage of 60ft. 4in. to main Brighton road, by a depth of 68ft. 7in. This allotment Li fenced in and is within five minutes' walk of the Brighton Railway beach for minus. Lots. A piece of land at Ballarat, being Allotment No. 1 of Section H, containing one rood. Lot A piece of land at Ballarat, being Allotment No. 23 of Section 13, containing five perches. i Lot 7. Allotments and at Ararat, being all that piece or portion of land No. 1 of Section 4 A., containing 24 perches and 2-tooths of a porch, sites ate In the main business street. ," Lot 3 Also, Allotment 4 of Section 8, contains one rood, situated as above. The auctioneers, in calling attention to the sale of the above properties, have only to say they are under instructions to sell without reserve. The titles are undoubted. Terms, Liberal, Declared at Time of Sale. THURSDAY, MAY 21. By Order of His Admirers of the D-T trees Tall I. £>y order of the assignees 01 the Prov ident Institute. Under an Act of Parliament. Valuable Proper ties situated ID Brighton, Boroondara, Gardiner, Seymour. To Merchants, Capitalists, Speculators, Persons Sock- ing Investment, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from E. Courtney and J. Langlands, Esqs, Assignees of the Provident Institute, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Thurs day, 21st May, at twelve o'clock precisely, Brighton, la. lr. 30p. of land, situate at Brighton, on which is erected a first-class residence, built of brick, slated roof, containing 10 rooms ; lately occupied by Dr. Halley. Allotments 9 and 10 of Block i, situate In Carpenter street, Brighton. One acre of land situate in St Kilda street, Brighton, on which is erected a brick two storey house, containing seven rooms, kitchen, pistol with range, collar, tank, stable, &c.; Olio acre of land, laid out as a garden, thin to corner of Wells, Church, and Carpenter "street, Brighton, on which are erected two weather- board cottages. Immediate possession. Brick cottage, situate In Carpenter-street, Dr L, li ton, in the occupation or the Rev. G. Adiui, close to Church-street Railway Station. Brick cottage, stuccoed, slated roof, was used in Wilson-street, Brighton, opposite the- Court house, containing four rooms, kitchen, sink, Iii., in the occupation of - Meek, liq All that piece or parcel of land, part of Po that 63 in the parish of Moorabbin, Lots Nos Hand 1 42, and which lots or parcels of land adjoin ! each other. Seymour. 2 Two roods, more or less, situate in the leg at Seymour, being Allotment No. 1 of Station No. 8. - ' Two roods situate in the v Hinge of Seymour, being Allotment No. 8 of Section No. 3. Two roods, situate in tbovlllagoof Seymour, being v Allotment No. 4 of Section No. 3. Two roods, situate in the village of Seymour, being Allotment No. 5 of Section No. 3. - Two roods, situate in the village of Seymour, being Allotment No. 6 of Section No. 8 ; together with the messuage or tenement and premises erected and built on the said piece of land, and known as the Boy mour Hotel. Full particulars at the rooms of the auction ter'. Further particulars as to title, &c;, may be obtained on application to Messrs. Bronckhorst, Smith, and Duerdin, solicitors, &c; THURSDAY, MAY 21. ' ' Eligible Property. Small Farm at Newlands. Containing Four Acres of Land. To Farmers and Others s Seeking a Good Investir ont. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Co liar street west, on Thursday, May 21, at twelve o'clock precisely, An excellent farm at Newlands, about a mile from Pentridge, close to the Government i eton o, containing four acres of excellent land, in full crop There is croo "ed on the land a substantial four roomed weatherboard house in thorough repair, with stable and other convenient out buildings. Terms at Sale WEDNESDAY, MAY 27. Preliminary Notice. Sale of Household Furniture, (c, at the Residence of N. Harris, Esq , St. Kilda. To Persons Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and Others. v FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from NT Harris, Esq (prior to his departure for j Europe) to SELL by AUCTION, at his residence, No. | 2 Lansdowne-terrace, Dalgety-street, St. Kilda, on Wednesday, May 27, at twelve o'clock, The whole of his very superior household furn!- ! turn, consisting of elegant drawing and dining j room Suites, magnificent piano, plate and plated ware, first-class glass and china ware, bedroom ) furniture, kitchen utensils, &c.; Full particulars in a future advertisement prior to the day of sale. Catalogues in preparation. THURSDAY, MAY 28. At West Geelong Junction. The Whole of the Valuable Railway Plant. By Order of Messrs. Williams and Little, 10 Merchants, Railway Contractors and Engineers Generally of the Adjoining Colonies, Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beechworth, &c.; FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from Messrs. Williams and Little to SELL by AUCTION, at West Geelong Junction, on Thursday, 28th May, at half-past ten o'clock precisely, The whole of Messrs. Williams and Little's valuable railway plant, consisting of Locomotives (Fairburn'!) Stationary engines Permanent Waggons , Temporary do , Balls Crab winches Derricks Quarry tools , Blacksmith's' tools ' Horses Drays Dobbins, etc. And all that' the requisite (or Trying on a rate way centre at. Terang itself. BEM by Auction. MONDAY and TUESDAY, MAY 25 a d 20. ~ _ Extensive and reports a Sole of 1935 Packages of First-rate sects and Shoes The Manufacture of Fredk. Itstoek, Northants. and Ed. in Bostock, of Stafford pts By Order of the Importers Mean. Hyam am! says In Peveril of the Peak, Great Britain, Kent, an. easy ~ Also For the Benefit of the Underwriters i I Ex Kent, ' ' Damaged by sea Water TO Packages Men's Boots and Shoes, Manufactured T E Bostock To the | Merchants and Trades Generally of an bourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Cast]r_r__f Beechworth, c --,. S' FRASER and COHEN have received instruction, from the importers, Messrs Hyam and Co w e SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins street on Monday and Tuesday, May) 26 and 20 at eleven o'clock precisely on each day, 078 packages of assorted winter boots and show the manufacture of Frederick Bostock cr i Northampton I 800yds of ladies', girls', and children's do this I the manufacture of Edwin Bostock, of Stafford -a Also, On account of whom it may concern, more or less , damaged sweetwater, Ex Kent, 60 packages of men's boots and shoes, the same. 1 factors of Edwin Bostock FK The who of of the above e goods are the shipments ) Et Peveril of the Peak, ' . Great Britain, Kent, and Lady Mch The The shipment ex Peveril of the Peak comprise on., the following goods, the only part of that receipt on as the market, and peculiarly adapted for the In I i. I had and mining districts, viz. - , Grain nugget boots, pegged and pulled, round too I Dodo,stoutbradded bottles and visits", strips heels I Kip do do, do Grain napoleons, knee-capped and do do Extra long calf wellingtons dodo Hob nailed wellingtons, nailed waists, and dipped heels Do do, clicker ed waists, do Kip do do, branded and clinkers Military wellingtons, stout branded bottoms, tipped heels A Colonial sprigged wellingtons Stout; calf wellingtons, broad brown bottom low heels Braddcd Mr W Ollington's Hob nailed do do Tro otherrirlpmonts comprise the usual varied. sortment of men's, women's, boys and youths', girls', and childrens ward, all of the most seasonable kind, The trade will do well to note the particular shipment ex Peveril of the Peak, as the whole comprise first class of goods of which there are none other in the market, in fact, the manufactures of Messrs Fred and Edwin Bostock and BO generally appreciated, that nothing can be added In their favour rather than 'here Irene importations to the colonies to compete with it cm for style or manufacture Terms, liberal, at sale Full particulars will be given in future advertise prints For PRIVATE SALE FRASER and COHEN have received instruction J? from Mr Dunbell to SELL, by PRIVATE TREATY, The hotel known as the Waterman's Arms, Little Collins street, built of brick, having a frontage of 27ft by a depth of Oilt The furniture and stock in trade will be sold till the hotel, or separately, at T Purchaser s option. AlbO, Two shops, built of wood, adjoining the hotel, have inga frontage to above street of 20It,bya depth of 64ft. AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE LYONS and Co beg to call attention to the . UNRESERVED SALE of CLOTHING, U at their mart, THIS MORNING, at eleven o'clock sharp, Vido adv engagements Terms at solo. And No Reserve THIS DAY Unreserved Sale Of a Most Important and Unreserved Parcel, Consisting of 88 Packages of Superior Seasonable of Goods By Order of the Importers To Wholesale Warehousemen Cloth Icrs, Slop Sellen, Country Storekeepers, and Others J LYONS and Co are favoured with Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, their mart, Bourke street, on Monday, 18t i Just, at eleven o clock, A superior Indent, consisting of 88 bales and cases of seasonable goods, direct from the importers, courts keg of, names) Men's drab third mole trousers Do worsted cord lined do Do Bedford cord and do do Pilot American jackets, plaid lined Gentlemen's superior black cord Egerton sacs Do do assorted reversible coats Do It ver nets and other twilled canes Men's Scotch tweed and other twilled shirts Gentlemen's lap learned doe trousers TlnmmrlnrWiiMr nine of 5. to 4 on" JJO superior made cloth suit and vests Do resorted Bedford suits Do Assorted I cotch tw cod and other ills Men's superior Scotch plaid lined pea rackets Youths' and boys' Bedford cord suits Men's Scotch twill and regatta shirts Do asserted fancy trousers, assorted shades Do heavy screen drawers Do superior flannel shirts and draw era Gentlemen's fashionable sac coats, silk lined. to. Ac. ice Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. " For the Benefit of W horn it May Concern. J LYONS and Co. will S FLL by AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke-street, on Monday, 18th hut,, at eleven o'clock, 8 cases moleskin trousers. More or loss damaged. For the benefit of whom it may concern. Tetina-Cnsh. _ THIS DAY. For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. Ex Golden Horn, from London. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke-street, on Monday, 18th ins;., at eleven o'clock, 1 case 50 pilot jackets. More or less damaged by sea water. For as Cash. THIS DAY. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke-street, on Monday, 18th inst., at eleven o'clock, 2 cases pier glasses, 86 x 21 each. Much broken and damaged. ^_Tor.us-Cash. 22 THIS DAY. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. To Hatton, Millers, Drapers, and Others. J LYONS and Co will SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke-street, on Monday, 18th last, at eleven o'clock, ' For the benefit of whom it may concern. 10 cases ladies' black felt hats In lots to suit purchasers. Tours-Cash. WEDNESDAY, MAY 20. Important and Unreserved Sale of 70 Trunks Boots Just Landed. For Unreserved Sale. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke-street, on Wednesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, 70 trunks boots and shoes, just landed, for unre- served sale, consisting of, viz. . Gentlemen's split wellingtons, sprigged, 6 to 11 Do kip short (to, do, do Do mother E. S. calf goloshed boots, 6 to 11 Men's superior kip wellingtons, concrete tons, 5 toll Do do, squire do Do short sprigged wellingtons, 6 to 12 Men's superior calf goloshed, elastic sides, point toes I Do rough sprigged colonial bluchers Do do calf bluchers, sprigged Ladies' French cashmere boots, T.P.H., H-M. Do rivetted boots, to do Do assorted cashmere boots, T.P.H. Lode, lace ups Girls and children's assorted coloured cashmere boots Do do, 6 to 6 and 10 to 13 Do do grained lace-up, buttons, 10 to 13. Youth? and boy s" assorted bluchers, Ac. T over WS, at fides, in trial gie. 4 trunks ladies'' cloth sprigged boots, W.H. pi mt; goloshed, 2 to 5 2 do do kid boots, circular fronts, 2 to 7 4 do do so, wells, M.R , worked holes, 2 to 7 O do cloth button boots, welts, 2 to 66 to 9, am hotels C do ladies' cashmere lace boots, eli. toes, 8 to 8 6 do do superior cloth sprigged boots, TPR, M.H., 2 to 7 3 do woman's superior leather boots, 3 to S 8 do ladies'' satin calf button do, wells, 5 to 8, W. Terms at Sale _ GEELONG. PRELIMINARY" ANNOUNCEMENT. Friday, May 22. At twelve o'clock, in the Rooms. * Positive Sale of Valuable Town Properties. By Order of the Trustees and Executors, under the Will of the Mortgagee. ' Sebastopol-torraoo and Allotments of Land in Malaya and Fitzroy streets. , .. OGILVIE and ROBINSON have been favoured f» instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Friday, the 22nd Inst., in the rooms, at twelve o clock, 1 Lots- The whole of that centrally-situated property is Malop-street east known as Scbastopol-torraoe. . comprising seven two storied brick dwelt ng houses, erected on Allotment No. 8 of Beetles 61, town of North Geelong. Lot 2 .".,,» comprises portion of Allotment 6 of Section 13 North Geelong, having a frontage of 831:.. Malop-street, by a depth of 30ft. to a Janet c ing into Marion-place, together with the Iron Store thereon erected. Lot 8 " "" H S comprises Allotment 18 of Section 01, -North Geelong, containing32p, and having a frontage 166 to Fitzroy -street, by a depth of 150. comprises Allotment 1 of Section visit Geelong, containing 15., and having a toffs of 33ft to Malop-street, by a depth along a. roy-street of 136ft. , . "Mrs For terms and particulars of title apply to Mary Ann, Frances nee' Illert, steel Crs, W H Andrews . Mcllio in. 