AEEIVill - OP THE ;ENGLI8H:rMAlir "'TTOB MABOH: - T The Northerns, with the Meirch", mails -from England, passed the 'Heads yeiterdayr'afcl 2 p m, and auchoredjin the Bay 'soon After 5i Eeuxeh's Expeebs,; feom! London, i l' IVIahch 20. ; f Per Qipnue and Bird.) - Tho Australian January mails vyere delivered , in London ,on the I4th March via Marseilles, and 33rd via Southampton. The Queen and royal family ate still at Windsor. Her Majesty continues to enjoy good health and spirits.-; : ./ / " Her Majesty received to-day addresses from the corporations of London, Dublin, , and Edinburgh, congratulating her. upon the marriage of the Priuce of Wales, The Queen has not left her retirement since the death of the Prince Consort, but- desired on this occasion to express personally her gratifica tion at the late universal display of enthusiastic' loyalty and attachment. After a triumphal progress over the Continent,, greeted everywhere with applause by the English in towns en route, the Princess Alexandra and tho Danish royal family arrived ori board the royal yaoht off Margate on the afternoon of the 5th March. , Next morning the Princess received tho congratulations of officials. The yacht arrived at Gravesend, -escorted by the channel fleet. .The Prince went aboard. The landing was a great sue- ,'cess." The procession was made through the metro: polis, the royal party filling six carriages. Enormous masBeB'bf people assembled. The police wereover- : powered. In. .Hyde : Park, seventeen thousand (Voluntceni brigaded. ' ' ! ' ' On. the 9th the Lord; Mayor, accompanied by the City Members at.Winsdor, presented to the : Princess, a diamond, necklace and earrings -worth -eio.ooo. . /. .... . j The marriage took place on tho IOth ; . the Qusen ' was present. ; : The royal couple afterwards -went - to Osborne to spend1 the honey moon; ' Ageneral'holi- day ' was - held- throughout the ' kingdom. 10 -The theatres of 'London were' opened' free) the illumi-1 nations were unsurpassed. " Six' women' rind ' Crip child were crushed to 'death and one hundred per/ , sons serioiiBly injured.' The ucen prpvides.'fdr the families of the deceased persona Scotland . opd Ireland were equally enthusiastic in demonstration. The Catholio students of Dublin cut the gas pipes in order to prevent an -illumination. .A riot has ' occurred in Corki The polico foroe wore - dispersed in the melee, and the Mayor was knocked down. Two companies of infantry charged tbo mob ri'itK fixed bayonets. On St Patrick's Day the .'disturb ances were renewed,' the mob being dispersed by a bayonet, charge. ' Biots have occurred ' rit Cjoritriel and Berliner. " " Prince Alfred is convalescent arid proceeds/ to England to join the Racoon. ' ' ' v'" An erithrisiastic meeting in favor of Poland lias beon held at the GuildhaU; members ef the riristo- craqy and of . Parliament moved resolutions . ericpu-; raging the Poles 'to persevere.' ' At Manchester, ' a petition has been adopted to the Queen to seoiife'the nationd politioal nghtspf ithejPolesJ' ,'1 The Bev. Mesao Thomas is appointea Bishop of Gonlbourn., r ft/A y \- 'Mr arid' Mrs' Charles Keatt leave on the 15th July on their .own speculation.- / 1 ij " Distress/in the cotton ffistriots eontinuesl; ' /A'riqt has occurred " at Staleyhridge, The. ' police; wero beaten, and the soldiers summoned. '/Laifge'.fquori: titles of clothing .were thrown into the river. - The mob , proceeded to Asliton, and plundered- bakers' shops. . The military.dispersed them. '.v " ; AMERICA. » Dates are to the 14th Marbhl'- The Federal Con- fres's has adjourned to the 4th A prilr after passing ills endow-mg. the President; with '.despotie pqwors, and authorising tho 'issue 'of letters of marque for three years. Congress also passed a stringent con scription' bill, i rorideringjiribletto military service all citizens between 20 and -45,- including aliens and im migrants intending >tq . become, ciitizens.'! ' Members of congress,, if, drafted, ;are tq sgrye, or, , procure sub stitutes. , An extfa. session of the Seriate has passed a . currency . bill, - . rendering - void - all -loanB on -gold overpar.- .... -- .--.i '.i — i vi, rf -) -1 A great panio has occurred on 'Change, "sending folddown 15' per celit premidm. " The latest 'advices 7 '7-8 premium.' " : ' , / ' '' '/ »!; -ai. Beyontl skirmishes 'rind iilight engagements,' : thore is no important prar news. I reparatioris 'arei'beibg made forbombardirig Charleston City. 1 The' harbor is.strorigly. fortified. The Yicksburg carial ' is inbf' fective. The Confederates have uapturedltwo gteam rams below Vicksburg, : and are preparing them > to attack the Federal fleet.- ; . Tho Confederate' cruisers' have committed -great havoc. . ' The Florida1 has captured- the ' Jacob Bell from China, with a cargo worth one million./ -Tlio New York Chamber, of ,, Commerce' has doriourioed England, arid thr'eatenW war.' ' Brigham Young has been arrested at Utah nnder the polygamy aot ; he has been released, giving bonds to appear for: trial. - 'r l ' ! i.j Large meetings have' been held- at New' York! in favor of ,the war. Lincoln has. issued , a severe pro clamation against deserters. ' . - , \ - - . , - \- - The Congress has-, passed a - resolution, -deolaringj mediation impraqtioable,' and that any. future offer i with that view- would' be regarded' as an unfriendly! act. . „ ./'CONTINENTAL.'' '' Genera 1, intbrqat is centered in',. .the rprbgress: of the1 Polish insurrection.' Linguiez, the Polish; leader, has beeri.proclaimed military diotator. |He Kns' engaged the Bussian forces on several occasions, defeating them with great slaughter. - Eventually he was hemmed in, and with beaten troops dispersed, lie fled across the Austrian frontier, and resigned; the dictatorship. . - . The Poles are riot discouraged and tho struggle' is- continued with various success.. It is rumourecT that Bussia has proclaimed an amnesty, but/ that the Poles refuse, except the . rights guaranteed . by the Vienna treaty are restored.. , Buraora are current biiub a vyuugiess is .so oe neiu ,w ;(urr«iigo JL uiion affairs on an equitable basisl . , ; Commercial— Exports : February,'.' to/ -Mplbourno and Gcelong, £456,772 ; decrease, £44,412, mostly in soft goods, apparel rind wrought leather. , j-Hara- : ware-metal aliout average. Tobacco, wines, /spirits, beors, going freely. - , ' ; Bv Bed Sea.Teleouaii. London, .April. 2. News fr'oin New' York has been received to March 31.: -Vv'-i., \- Some Federal successes are- reported- in - Ken- tuoky.'' .-! . .. ' .? !. v. President Linooln has- refused to authorise letters of Marque,'. A':' /'" 11 ' TnE Bade of,- Codoniad - Wines;— Tho iiri- portanco of encouraging the sale of colonial wines" was ! brought ' iindor the " notice -of tho -Miriistor' of f JusticcV on Friday, _ by A 'deputa tion representing tbo- vino-growing interests of Victoria, and consisting of , .Colonel Anderson, Mr J. P. liontscb, Swiss consul, and Mr Elliott Blake, director of the Tabilk Vinoyard Company., It1 was pointed' out that tbo culti- vation of vines Had - increased to a very large extent of lato years, and that in a short period thequantity of wine produced from the vineyards of the colony would he onormous. /While the Legislature "had done much to fostor and cncou- rago tho . cultivation of grapes, it had done nothing to encourage the consumption of colonial wino ; the deputation recommended that somo legislation should be adopted with that 'end in view. They suggested that annual licenses ,for tlio sale of colonial wino should bo issuod on tbo payment, of a nominal fee, and that the liconses should bo granted to all persons. Tho deputation ndmittod'tbat the licenses might bo abused, by the holdors .qcfiirig ' forcigri wines pnd other bevorages as well as colonial wino ; but tins evil- might; bo cheeked,-' if not altogether pre vented, by requiring- the licensees to provido surotics for the due observance of the law, and rendering thorn liablo to heavy penalties for any infringements of it.- It was urged that unless some measures wero, adopted 'to encourago tho retail salo of colonial wines, the effect ot tho anticipated increase in the quantity of wino made would load-to an illegal and - unauthorised sale. It was also remarked, ? that no hcou8o was ro- quired for tho salo of colonial tobacco, and that the Vine-growing , interest, ought not to labor undor greater disadvantages than othor branches of colonial industry.' Mr Wood ngrcod with the deputation as ,-to - tbo .desirableness j Pf En couraging tho consumption' of colonial wines ; in oreference to other, and inferior beverages, nd hoi promised that he W9ulri; represent the views wlich had been expressed to' the other momlifers offtlie GtSVernmodt. ' /"' ' " " '' . . 'Coioniad Snuff.— Somo snufft of colonial growth aad mauufacturo u on sw« « Geowng. 