SUMMARY FOB EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The transportation question has en- gaged public attention throughout the colony during the month, almost to the exclusion of every other topic. Nor did the information brought by the August mail, that a better feeling towards the Australian colonies in this matter was rising up in England, tend to allay the excitement, or lessen the force of the appeals which will be carried home by this mail from every portion of ' the colony for presentation to lier Majesty. On no question, since the last convict ship was driven from Hobson's Bay by the force of the public voice, has the feeling of the people of tbo colony been so unanimous, or so universally and strongly expressed. It has occupied the press and the platform, and we may add tlie pulpit ; for ministers of all denominations have joined in the demonstrations of opposition which have been made in publie meetings. Immediately after the departure of the September mail, the first public de- monstration against the recommenda- tions of the English Commissioners tool place in St. Georgc's-hall. This is by far the largest room in Mel- bourne. It is capable of holding some 1,500 people, and it was crowded. On the platform were many of the lead- ing members of the community-legal, clerical, and lay-and several who took a pron inent part in the league which was charged with the duty of opposing the landing of the convicts who arrived in the bay in 1849, during the Super intendency of Mr. La Trobe. .Reso- lutions were adopted expressivo of the feelings of tlie colonists, and a me- morial was adopted, which was pre- sented to His Excellency Sir Charles Darling, formally, ou a subsequent day, by an influential and numerous deputa- tion from tho meeting. Within a few hours afterwards au Anti-Transportation League was formed, the list of members of which may be said now to comprise the name of every person in the community of any standing. To this body has been delegated the task of drawing up a reply to the re- commendations and arguments of the English Commissioners, embodying the views entertained throughout the southern and eastern colonies-a memorial which will no doubt be forwarded by the outgoing mail by His Excellency, with the petitions and remonstrances al- ready placed in his hands. The action thus taken in Melbourne has been fol- lowed throughout the colony. In many instances it was the first duty curiously enough-of the new mayors of boroughs, created under the Municipal Act of 1803 (which carno into operation during the present mouth), to call the inhabitants together, in response to nu- merously-signed requisitions, to give ex- pression to their sentiments on this question. The older boroughs had pre- viously held their meetings. Where no boroughs have been formed, the road boards havo taken up the work ; and thus, from end to end, the colony lias been stirred into activity by the inflic- tion which the commissioners propose to throw upon it, through the channel of West Australia. In all these boroughs, old and new, and in these rural districts, branches of the Anti- Transportation League have been or are being formed ; and funds are being raised to enable the association to organize such a moral re sistancc to the revival of transportation as shall suffice to save the mother coun- try from attempting a course with regard to her notorious elimináis which shall in- flict an unbearable and undeserved wrong on these colonies. Nor has this organiza- tion been commenced in a hasty mo- ment, or in a moment of sudden heat. The moro tho subject is reviewed, the more serious is the aspect it is seen te assume. It is the settled purpose oi this colony to resist, by every means in its power, tho influx of convicts inte Western Australia, to ho afterwards filtrated into the other colonies and it will be the business ol the league, earnestly, laboriously, ano1 persistently to remonstrato, where re- monstrances will avail, against the asso ciation of transportation with the name of the Australias. It will bo urged or the home Government, in the name o the colony, that the revival of trans portation would bo in some measure i breach of faith with us. When self-go vernment was conferred on those colonies it was supposed that we had don ibr ever with transportation. It is no proposed, it is true, to send convicts te any other of these settlements than tha of Swan River ; and the commissioner suppose that Western Australia is si isolated from the other colonies that ai impassable gulf lies between convict landed there and the richer and mor tempting countries of the south and east On this point, however, the commis sioners havo misunderstood the actua relations of the colonies. The progress o discovery is fast lessoning the distance and diminishing the difficulties of th way between Swan River and Adelaide Before many years are over the lane along the Australian Bight will b measured out in stations, \and there wil be little moro difficulty in crossing th country than there now is in reachinj Cooper's Creek from the Murray. Sail ing vessels aro constantly passing betwee the colonies, ¡md we hopo beforo anothe year is over to enjoy fortnightly stear. communication with England and th East, via Albany. As matters stanc Western Australia cannot keep the mor enterprising, and therefore the more dar -gerous, of her favourite class of colonist within her own bounds. TJnwelcom guests aro constantly finding their wa thence into this colony and New Sout Wales, if not also into South Aus tralia. Apprehensions of ticket-o: leave men from Western Australia ai not infrequent, and it has recently bee found that a depot for goods stole »in this colony bas been established in Perth. We havo no desire to see that class of dealers increased, or that kind of commerce enlarged ; and we aro certain of both if men too desperate to bo re- tained in England, and too hardened in crime to think of amendment, are poured out on the western coast. Their presence, unfortunately, would be the least of tho evil. The fair lands of Australia havo alroady borne a reputa- tion, due to convictism, which the colo- nies are manfully endeavouring to out- live. Time alone can cure this evil. But if the plague bo again bestowed upon us, all that lias been done, and all that we are doing, to deserve a better character in the eyes of the world, will be swept away. The names of these colonies will still bo associated with the evil reputation of tho crime rejected by England, and vast harm will be done to settlements which are by far the most valuable colonial possessions of the mother country. If we are burdened with transportées, freo immigration will cease. No man of capital, no family which values its unblemished name, will voluntarily seek these shores. The conse- quences are self-evident. Property will become depreciated in value, commerce will become stagnant, and long year will pass before tho colonies recover from a step which England proposed to take from a purely selfish view of an evil from which she suffers, but to which we havo in no way contributed, unless by our labours to increase her wealth. These aro the views and feelings which have led to the formation of the Anti-Transportation League, and which arc embodied in the memorials and petitions transmitted to the Throne. Our prayer simply is, to be left alone-to be permitted to conquer our own crime, and that which we al- ready owe to the mother country ; and the request is ¡io reasonable that, speak- ing in the name and on behalf of the colony, we cannot suffer ourselves to believe that it will not bo granted. Parliament has been formally pro- rogued to a day in November, but the Houso will not meet for business until December next. No measure of im- portance will be introduced until after the Christmas holidays. The Minister of Mines has in hand an elaborate gold- fields bill, and is preparing a scheme of water-supply to the gold-fields on a large scale. Tho Minister of Lands will again bring in a bill to amend the Land Act of 1862-possibly with no more success than ho last achieved, unless his measure be of a moro popular and useful character than Iris rejected bill. In the meantime sales of land outside the ten million acres reserved for agricultural settlement proceed satisfactorily, and no immigrant desirous of securing land at a moderate price need be disappointed. The war in New Zealand proceeds. Help has reached General Cameron from all the Australian colonies H.M.S. Curacoa, from England, has arrived in Auckland ; and H.M.S. Esk has sailed, after a stay of a few hours in Hobsons Bay, for New Zealand waters. A rumour has reached us from Auckland that General Cameron has commenced the cam- paign, and we are in hourly anticipation of hearing that the position of the Maories at Meremere has been attacked success- fully, and the power of the Waikatoes broken. More frauds in the Custom-house have been discovered. Tho revenue from that source is likely to be materially improved for the future by these discoveries. Preparations havo been commenced for the construction of a graving dock, of the largest class, at Williamstown. The disposition recently shown at home ia I favour of a recurrence to the system of trans- portation to one at least of the Australian colonies has excited a strong feeling of dis- satisfaction in Victoria, and Eteps havo been taken to press energetically upon tho EngliBh Government our objections to tho introduc- tion to any part of Australia of any portion of the criminal popnlttion of tho old county In tho early part of the month a largo and influential meeting on the subject was hold in St. George's-hall, in this city. Many of tho more prominent members of the community, including Judges, Ministerj, members of Parliament, &c;, wero present, aud several of them took an active part in the proceedings. The speeches at that meet- ing were strongly against the recom- mendation of tho English commissioners, and resolutions wero adopted embodying the viows advocated by the leading speakers. An Anti-Transportation Loigu« was alao formed, composed of several of the leading gentlemen of the city, and under their management the anti-transportation movement has taken a definite and vigorous shupe. Memorials have been already presented to the Governor for transmission to Her Majesty, and they will doub'less reach England in due course, Tho corporation of thecity have also tuleen the mut- ier in band, and havo unanimously adopted a petition, praying that no further introduc tion of convicts to any of the colonies moy take place. lu the variouB suburbs around Mel- bourne, as well as in other and moro distant pattg of the colony, the movement lins. like, wite ken taken up, and meetings have been held almost everywhere, at all of which the feeling expressed is unmistakably against recurrence, on the part of England, io tho system of transportation, so far as Australia is concerned. The enrolment of volunteers under the new regulations now in force, and to which we had occasion to allude in last month's summary, is proceeding most satisfactorily; and already it may be said that we have a stronger and better force, numerically and otherwise, than we possessed under the old system. The state of the Volunteer Force at this moment may be described in a word. Up to the 10th of the month there had been 2,607 men enrolled, exclusive of cavalry, and of these a little over 1,600 men were effectives from the old force. The whole of those enrolled have passed recruit drill, and in addition to those there are some 400 or 500 men who are at present passing through that prelimi nary stage of soldiership; so that, taking these numbers, together with the cavalry, the whole Volunteer Force may be set down at this mo- ment at something over 3,000 men. It is also to be remembered that three or four of the coast corps-such as those of Warrnambool and Belfast- have been struck off the list; and when that fact is taken into considera- tion, the total strength of the Volunteer Force has already been increased rather than diminished. Contracts have already been entered into for the supply of uniforms for the whole corps-cavalry, rifles, artillery, and naval brigade-in accordance with the new style of dress fixed upon, and it is ex- pected that in the course of another month or so the Volunteer Force will be able to show in full feather. It will thus be seen that the success of the new regulations so far has been highly encouraging, and before another month pusses away we shall doubtless be able to record a still greater measure of success. The second annual rifle match between the representatives of the volunteers of New South Wales aud Victoria, chosen for the con- test, has taken place, and a second time havo our picked i ¡fiemen Buffered defeat at the bands of those of the elder colony. The distances fired at began with 200 yards and ended with 90Û yards, and it was at th« last tnentiotioJ distance that our repre-icntative ten wero Bigually defeatfd. Tho shooting at the other raug-i« left tho VictorlanB six points a-head ; but at 000 yards the New South Wales party to far outBtrippe 1 their opponents as to make the mutch a triumph, for tticm bv forty six pointe The total Bcorts were 1,758 and 1,712 respectively, leaving the majority as stated lu favour of New South Wales. Ou both sid. s tho »hooting was veiy mach better than in the fin-t ina'ch between the colonies, New South Wales having inst year made a total .«com of 1.497, while Victoria secured 1,431. The result, is, of course, a d s tppoint m-nt to our volunteer? ; bit.no doubt, their defeat will nerve them te* prepare for tho third match in tlie year lo come still more energe- tically than they did ia the year which ¡b past ; and by careful practice, ut the longer r»ni?e especially, they may hope to givo a dif- ferent ter "iaatioa to the contest in 1861. The trial In the Supreme Court of tbo four Provident Institute nirecton?, for conspiracy to defraud the depository, a'tur dragging over seven weaiy day*, terminated in a verdict of acquittal as regarded Mr. Foxton and Mr. An d«r>on ; but tticjury, even after having b--on locked up all the i-eventh night, wero unable to agree to a verdict ia the cases of Mr. Hand cock and Mr. Sawell. Tbey were discharged next morning. Since then it hai been deter- mined on tho »art of the prosecution to'proceed against Eandcock and Sawell in a new trial at au early date, mid in the meantime ihc de- fendants uri) at larg« upon pretty heavy b_il. In the dive ree case», Molatoorth v. Molesworth and Ireland, proceeding-) havo been stayed for the present ; and it U believed that the case will not ngaincorae bef^r; the Court. Last Wedntadav was ared-lett-r day in the history of tbodiffertnî municipalities of the colony. On that day their first meetings under the opération of the Municipalities Act Amendment Dill, passed towurda the close of lost session, w. re held; and moat of the dif- ferent councili were then rec wtltuted, bb required hy one of tho lending provisions of tho act. Ia all case* the word municipality" henceforward gives place to the word " borough," while the chairmen of tho various councdUi are for the future entitled to the designation of mayor. The chingo which has thus been brought about Is one of im- portance to tbc state as well ni to the boroughs themselves, and sanguine hopes aro enterraiued that the new system inaugurated will work beneficially for both. An impartant fqnattiiir deputation waited on tho Miuir-tor of Lunds nnd the Attorney. Gent ral, the other day, respecting the action of the Government iii tho aatterof the recent arbitrations, and the reiitals of runs. The object of the deputation waa to point out that under the rentals lately gizettod, as opposed to those fixed by the aibitrator», cases of great individual hardship would arise ; and they were dee-irous of ascertaining what steps, if any, the Government would bj p-i pared to take to free individual squatters trom the payment of an utjju'tly heavy rental in casts whtre it could b« shown that tu'ih wou'd be the case under the rentals gizetted by the Board of Land and Work*. The answer of the Miuiátcr of Linds was couched in the following tonna :- Mr. Healcs Bald, " tbat be was aware of the existence of casas of individual hardship, but si.ch cases did not affect principles. The Go- vernment had attempted to obtain legisli-tion to remedy such evils, but the rejection of the Land Bill deprived them of the onportunity of doing so. They were thrown back upon tho law as it stood ; and there being no lenal awards in the cases under coniidt ration, the only tent the Government could demand was thatoiiginully fixed by the Board. He did not dispute the power of the Supreme Court to refer the cas'js back to tho arbitrators, but the Board could not do this. So far as it was con- cerned, the awards had fallen through. The principle laid down hy Mr. Brodribb, regard- ing the non-recovery of the rents, might be pushed to the length of ' free grass,' to which the squatters objected so much. By collusion the awards might be indefinitely post- poned, and in tbo meantimo the Govern- ment were to obtain no payment Such representations showed a tendency to defy the Government. A proper discretion would be exorcised with regard to all c»bl>b taken befori tho Supreme Court. In thoso in whicl hardships wero involved every facility woult be afforded for rehearing and adjustment but where it was believed a wrong decUioi had been given by the arbitrators, the Crowi would defoud to the utmost." It will bo seen that South Australia ha given notice to New South'Wales that sh is about to withdraw from the collectior of border custom». That colony has hither to collect id these customs at her borde: on tho Murray, and handed over to Vic toria and Now South Wales their shares o the proceeds. She has now, nowever, intl mated that, in six months from the date o the notice, she will discontinue doing so. Ne\ South Walos, in that case, proposes to cstablisl a Custom-houso at Chowella-a township, ii name at least, on tho border, but wicliii tho boundary of New South Wales. Bu the fact is, that the whole trade o the IUveiine district is rapidly being di verted from the Lower Murray and Adelaide ti Echuca and Melbourne; and as it is apparent therefore, that before long Victoria will de dine to take any part in the collection o those customs', New South Wales must eithe abatidon tho idea altogether, or establish line of custom-houses along the Murray, an by bo doing impose a doublo duty on all ea ciseable and other goods consumed by be own people in the Riverine distiict. Even i that case it would bequito iinpoáBible for Ne' S luth Walo? to prevent smuggling across th Murray on a largo seile. The natives, it appear*, hove recentl found gold, which tiny call "culfo on tho uanks of the Warrego Eiver, net Cooper's Creek, They say that ¡t is fou o in tho crevices of tho rocks, and they hat brought in and given to the seitlers soir very fine fpecimens of the gold. The haul of the river are being taken up with coi slderable rapidity, for settlement. An a=soclation has recently been formed t Talbot for the purpose of forming a settl ment at Camden ILirbour, on the north-wc coast. The members of tho association bin purchased a 6chooner, to tnko themselves at their families, and a quantity of stock, l their now homes, and having Fafely lande them at their destination, the vessel will r tura for moro stock, and then continue ? t'ndo nt intervals to and from tho Bettlemoi along the adjacent coasts. A number of explorers have recent been exploring the interior of Westei Australia eastwards, towards South Au trnlin, and have already applied lor a eectit of 240 BQuaro miles of country, for ti purposo of placing stock upon it. The is now some reason to believe that the lal along tho Great Australian Bight improv backwards from the coist, and that it is n quit) the barien desert which has hither been supposed. The party alluded to foui abundance of water, and It can bo obtain hnj where by digging. It will be seen that the construction of the line of railway between Sandhurst and Echuca has at length been fairly commenced; and already a new township is springing up at that end of the line. The trade, too, by way of Echuca is greatly increasing, and when the railway has been completed, there is little doubt that it will be a busy and thrlving township. Every day brings us Intelligence of frc outrages perpetrated with impunity by t bushrangers of New South Wales, and t police seem, for the present at least, quite o able to check their depredations. The mi active of these daring robbers appear to Gilbert and his gang, and to such a lieig have tbey carried their audacity that t Government havo at length deemed it r visable to offer a reward of £000 in each ci for their capture. What effect this b1 may have remains to be seen ; bnt it is least evident that whatever coureo should adopted matters cannot long bo allowed go on as thoy are doing at present. The oflico of Postmaster-general has length been filled up, Mr. Fellows, a merni of the Cabinet, hitherto without oflico, havi been nominated to the vacant post. I Fellows does not take the Baiary with t office. Wo had recently a vibit from Her Mojest frigate Esk, of twenty-ono guns, Oupti Hamilton, but her stay in our waters was short duration. Finding that there was ß work to do in New Zealand, alio almost i mediately took her departure forthat colo; calling at Sydney on her way. The return fancy dress bali to the mayor the city, which took placo in the Exhibit!» building, on the evening of the 29th of S tembcr, was, if possible, even a greater succ than that given by his Worship. There aro already prospects of a brisk tn between this colony and New Zealand in coming Bummer, and «heady numbers miners aro on their way again to the Dans or the lakes. ' The Mudros, with tho August malls board, arrived this month with even more than punctuality. The Bombay, with tho outgoing mails for England and tho East, Bails on Monday, at two o'clock. THE ANTI-TRANSPORTATION MOVE- MENT. The people of Victoria have united as ono man in denouncing the recommendation of the Penal Servitude Commissioners for the resumption of transportation to Au-trail«. Never waa greater unanimity manifested. During tho month which has elapsed since the departure of the last mail public meeting after public meeting has b.en held through- out tho country for the purpose of indignantly protesting against any new attempt to re introduce the convict element to this conti- nent, und of petitioning the Queen on tho sul'ji-ct. These meetings hive been promoted by txen of all shades of opinion, and tho reso- lutions have b-oO canM tina voce. The first demonstration whs that of tho me- tropolis. This meeting »at held on Tuesday, the 29th September, at St. Gcorgo's-hall, Mel I'o'nrne, and was attended by no lo-s thnn 1,600 citizens. Tlie M iyor (Mr. Edward Coln n) took the chair, an-l was supported by judge*1, members of b »th Houses of Legialaiure, the lending merchants, ministers of various re- ligious denominations, and alargo representa- tion of the "other 1 anied professions. The Major brought forward a startling fact to show that, although, under the recommen- dations of the Peual Servitude Commissioner»!, Western Australia was the only part of tho continent to which it was piop sed tj send British ciiminal", every other poition of Aus- tralia must be affected by tbo proceeding. Only the other day, ho said, two men wero biotigbt before him. They had como by tho mail steamer from King Goirge's Souud. They were taken up by the detectives as sus- picious characters, and upon them ivas found a lirgo "umber of hous- breaking impl- mtnts, including keys that would tit any lock ia the colony. It was impossible to say if these men had been allowed to go at large what «mount of lile and prop.rty might havo b.en in dan?tr._ The Chief Justice (S"r W. F. Stiwt-11) made the speech of tho day. ''Anyone," said his Honour, " who cons'dored tho question of the Australian c lonies-how they wmc formed, who inhabited them, whence the inhabitants ¡-prang, and th'i imaginary lines of deroarcati-,n which divided one colony from another-must, mirait that the advan tsge of one was tho advantage of ail-that dUadv»iritage to any one nw«l. redound to the injury of the remainder. (Cheers.) The excuso had been offered bv p rsonB who supported the report of the Royal Cominis Btouorp, though it was not offered in tho repart itself, that the expirées from West-rn Australia could not come here. But whnt guurar tee was there that tho men would not. find their way here long before their period of punishment hnd expired ? If tho report were canied out, there would bo an enormous exnendituro from the Imperial Treasury in Wn-deru Australia ; and that ex- penditure would prove very attractive to a number of the inhabitants there, who did not care how wealth was acquired pr wided they leciived a portion of it. (H-ar, hear.) That wealth would create a trade, and that trade would entail communication between Perth and the ports of Victoiin And he would ask those who had hail experi- ence in theso matters whether they wiro not satisfied that theso men, long beloro their period of sentence expired, would fiud their way hither? It was only in human nature that it should be so. Men who travelled so far tvould goto that country which offered the greatest attractions; and he did not think any mau would stay lu Perth when he could comoon to Victoria. If that wete the case, «hat piospect waB there of the colony baing free from theso mon? Ilumaiily speaking, he did not see a shadow of one. There would bore fnicted the odious scenes of 1852,1853, and 1854, which those who were in the colony at. the time must remember with horror which took place under their viry eyes in tlio public streets-frightful carnng», robbery, and pilliga; the whole of which he attributed to transportation. (Hear, hear.) Ho might be taunted with making mere bioad assertions ; but he ventured to say that no man in tho country had had b-tter means of observation than himself. Ho hn'l the honour of being the first Crown Uw officer of the country duiing the five most eventful year* of its history, and wliilo hold- ing that position every crimo which was dis c ive-ed came under his notice. Since then he had had tho hon-iur of holding tho office of judge, and in that capacity a vast amount, of crime had come before him. With all this expérience, the conclusion had been forced upon him, with regard to the case of a man who committed in the mother country a crimo for which transportation was now the penalty, who had to go through the con- taminating ordeals of the prisons nt home, and who was then sent out here-that if such a man committed a crime in Australia the chances were that ho would _evcr reform. He was compelled to say, also, that he be- lieved that tho convicts who had been transported to Australia wero tho cause, either directly or indirectly, of almost all tho crime which was committed in Victoria in tho early days of the colony. If this were the case, was it the d«sire of tho paople of Victoria that transportation to Aue tinlia should bj renewed ? (Loud crios of "No, no.") Did they desire that tho first pre- lude to the civilisation of the colony should be tho establishment of gaols-that monev which might bo devoted to much more dei-ir able objects should be lavishly expendod, as it neces-arily would have to bo, in ctirryin« out tho administration of criminal justice? ("No, no.") Piotection to life and property must be afforded, whatever might hi the cost, and there could be no doubt that this would entail a very heavy exponditure if tho report of the commissioners were carried into effect. Again, it should bo romembered that this was a young colony, and that the whole of its futuro welfare depjiided upon its rising popu- lation. The interest willoh the community took in the young population of the colony was shown by the amount which it had expended on edocition; but of what use was it to establish schools and semi- naries, colleges and universities, if all the in fluonco and instruction affordid by tbfse institutions to tho rising gern ration wero dis- sipated by the example set before thom by a portion of the convict clnss living and asso- ciating amongst thom ? (Hoar, hear.) These wero serious evils, and though they might not at first be apparent, or might not immediately striko the casual obsorver, In future yeuts they would only bo too painfully evident. Tlio meeting might rest assured that these evils could not bo stopped uult-ss tiley wore resisted at once. If tho people of the colony once allowed convicts to come amongst them, tho flood-gates would bo opened, and they would bo overwhelmed. (Hear, hear.) If the report of the commissioners avcro carried out, what would tho colony bri driven to ? Why, angry remonstrances, attempts at breaches of the peace, and, what was perhaps worst of all. objectionable, exceptional, or class legis- lation. Acts would be passed whioh tho men passing them might in their own minds abhor, but which from their love of country they would bo compelled to pass. (Hoar, hoar.) Ho confessed that bo pictured to himself with horror the idea that ouch a stato of things should ever tako placo- in this colony. He saw it once on a very small scftlo, and he Eaw quite enough of it. He know whnt tho general feeling of tha commu- nity then was, and it knew howdifficnlt it was to restrain that feeling. If, as a larger com- munity, they wero animated with tho same feelings now ns they were then, and lilt it necessary to make tho samo exertions, the effect would bo much more serious than it was on tlio previous occasion. Another speaker, Mr. Edward Langton, quoted st ttistica to show that tho greater por- tion of the serious crimo from which the colony had suffered avas attributable to trans- portation. It appenred that from 1860 to 18(52 no less than 2,801 British crimi- nals had to be captured, convicted, and punished, at tho expenso of the colony. In tho four years ondlng 1863, whon traiispor tallon to Tasmania conscd, out of 1,332 poi- sons confined in tin penal establishments ol Victoria, no less thau 858-or nearly two thirds-wore British convict». That the cos Bation of transportation had lessened the proportion of tho criminals of the co'.ony was shown by the fact that tho number of convie tions of persons who wero technically called "old hands" fell from 664 in 1863 to 24 in 1PG2. There could be no doubt, therefore, that tho colony was quite justified in protest- ing against tho continu ince of a system which, considered merely in an economical point of view, had bjcnsodisastroustoit. Mr. Philip John-on (Mavor of Rlchmiiiid) put the following case:-If England Were affected by somo great plague, and if it were thought that she could be freed from tht calamity by tranbfening the poisons ».fleeted to Western Austialia. would any set of Minis tera be bold enough to propose that tliii should be done? And if it would not be right to import hither a physical plague, how could it ba rl_ot and proper to import a moral plague ! pne other speech mui-t b. no'lced. We refer to that of Mr. E F. Sicho'. who asked if tho removal of convicts hithor could be con« sidcied a fittirg return for the substantial sympathy which had been shown by Autt tral'a towards the fatherland during tho CrimoAn war. the Indian Mtttiov, and the Lancashire distress? (Hear, hear) The colony of Victoria had always shown its loyalty to the Queen. It was prepared to fortify ita shores against the attack of an enemy, and only th« other wt> k it Bent forth a thousand \olunteere to New Zealand becauso the supra macy 0f tho British ila? was threatened if that port of tbo Queen's dominions. (Ap plauso.) It was ready to como forward ia eviry emergency where the honour and wel- fare of the mother country were at stake, and surely it was worthy of bUter treatmeut than that which the mother country proposed to bestow upon it. The example of Melbonrne was followed a few days afterwords (viz on Tuesday, Octo- ber 6) by Castlemaine. Tho people of that important gol 1 dUtrict n-s^mbled in public meeting, and fully endors d -the sentiment? expressed in tho metrópoli?. A-long the speakers wai the Hon. J. P. Kawkner, a mem- ber of tho Upper llouso of Legislature, and one of tho first f..tindera of the colony ; and be suggesti'd that, if it were necessarv to give thehomn Governemnt Bowopract'ctl proof of the feeling of the Victorian coloni-Ms a ship should be chartered for Lindon, with 500 con- vict«, to bo landed on Tower Wharf. Mr. Fawkner intimated his willingness to assist in providing funds for such nn expedition. Another speaker (Mr. Rup lind) proposed that, if Western Australia needed convict ltbour, it should bd Btipplied by the other colonies, bo that a'l m cessity for resorting to the crimina- lity of England could bo di-pensed with. The next evening (Oct. b) the borough of Fitzroy had its public »netting, which was addressed by a great number of influential oublie men. The Ballarat meeting was hold on tho 14th inst., and was a great affair. A powerful speech lias made by Mr. T. MacDcrmott. bar- rister at-luw. He observed that the Penal Setvitude Commissioners proposed to send out here the burglars, the giirotters, the viola- tors of females in England-in fact, muscular criminality generally ; hut Australia was mercifully to be spared criminals ot weak in- tellect. (Hear, hear.) They were to have, not the beginners in crimo, who wero not so 1 nd as the expirées, but those who had graduated long in the school of vice-the irre- claimable London th'ef- the hardened vii. liins of the L-mdon gaols. Wits it to ha supposed that such wretches would remain in Wcctc-rn Australia ? (Hear, hear.) Cer- tainly not, fur they would infallibly find their way to Victoria, to nly their scoundrel arts. Why it would bo irfiuitely bettr-r to send the felons of England direct to Melbourne, and give tin m their libe-ity there, thun to send them to the school of crime in a convict depô fir-t, and then to let them como amongst us. Some animated addresses were delivered at the St. Kilda meeting, wh'ch took rd ice on Monday last, the lOtii inst. Mr. J. S. Johnston, one of tile member-* for the district and ex-minister of public works, expressed his satisfaction nt haviug some- thing to do avith the movement, becauso he had been mixed up with the whole of tho struggle on this question-u struggle which waa brought, to a successful, if not a fina), issue some foutteen years ngo. Before the public meeting held in Melbourne the other day, an a.reomenc was ma'ii'thatno membors of Parliament should take part in the proceeding?, in order that it should not be said that the resolutions and petition which might be ndopted wero prepared by the fame men who had aheady agreed to a peti- tion in the Legblative Assembly. Therefore howos,reluctantly,tongue-tied. Butitwosthe Hist anti- transportation mooting which bo ni tended without having anything lo say. (Liuglitor, and cheers.) His Honour tho Chief Justice, in hie» veiiy ohio address on that occasion, expressed the opinion that, in tho discussion of thiB subject, no strong or violent language ought to bo used. He (Mr. John- ston) WBB not in favour of violence, at the .? samo time ho felt snro that tho language in > which they expressed their feelings on this Bubj'-ct ciuld not be too Bttong. No one could remember better than Sir William ' Stawell tim' it was not until very violent lan- guage had been used that tho struggle on a former occasion was brought to a close. (Hear, beer.) A lufson might well be drawn from, that struggle. The population of Victoria then numbired only 50,000, and they were not unanimous, because many of the settlers were ready enough to employ expirées and condi- tional-pardon men eo long as they could have cheap labour ; and at tho same time the people of van Diomen's Land were disposed (like the West Australians now) to receive any amount of pollution and crime, eo long as It was gilded hy tho English money which was paid for the care of the convicts. Moreover, at that time they had a Governor who was only the representative of Downing-street, and tbey had, as a Council, gentlemen whom ho might cboso to nominate. Now, however, Vic- toria liad a population of 560,000, free institu- tions, and a greet amouutof wealth; and this bciiigso- with the example before them of the battle which was so successfully fought under (.uch adverse circumstances by a handful of peoplo fourtoen years ago-ho agreed with Mr. Edward Wilson that it would be their own faults if they allowod this crimo to bo perpe- trated. Tho other centres of population have spoken out in equally unmutakeable terms. Sandhurst and Geelong havo had their meet- ings. Einoiald-hill, Brunswick, Prahran, Brighton, Hawthorn, Daylesford, Newstead, and other municipalities havo also declared their sentiments. The agitation has even extended to remote and pparsely-populated localities. More than one district, whose only ciñiclal mouthpiece is the chairman of a road board, has followed with commendable alacrity the example of the metropolitan city and the leading provincial towns, in framing a firm but respectful remonBtmncu to the Im- perial Government against tho adoption of the transportation recommendations of tho Penal Servitude Commissioners. lu fnct, as wo have already said, the people of Victoria are unanimous in their hottillty to any and every suggestion for tbo transfer to these shores ot "tho muscular criminality" of ? Britain. THE WAR IN NEW ZEALAND. Tho history of tho past month ia not very satisfactory. Wc are told that General Cameron Í3 trying to trap tho rebels into a goneral engagement at Meremere, and that an tittick upon the native fortification at that important spot ia imminent; but at present wo have only heard of slight brushes with the enemy, from which we have, in effect, boon ' compelled to retiro. Tho first affair took place on Sept.,8, at a pa built on Camerontown, on the Waikato, manned by Maori refugees, nllios of the Queen, and usadas a atoro for tho provl- i sions beforo being brought up the river in , canoes. At this spot on tlio day in question a party of To Whcoro's people, who had gone down tho river Irora Maungotawhiri in their ono'8 to bring up stores for the camp, attempted to land. An ambuBh had been pro pared for them, and thoy were firod at as Boon as they carno within gunshot. The assault was deadly, arid only four of tho friendly natives aro known to havo escaped. ' Sixteon wero killed, as also Mr. Armitage, resident nativo polico magistrate, who was seen to fall into the water from his canoo. The r» bels oariled off forty tons of commis- sariat bt'ires. Now« of the di6a<-ttr was at once conveyed to the military stationed at Tunkau, and, in the hope of intercepting the oneruy, Captain Swift, with Lieutonaut Butler and a party of fifty men of tho Göth regiment, started to meet them. As theyworo advancing through the bush they heard tho sound of men's voloes, pp-akfng the native languaeo. Upon this, and with a knowlcdgo that tho enemy consisted of about 200 men of tho Ngati maniiipoto tribe, Captain Swift deemed Had vlauble to throw his mon into umbnuli. This ivas done, bnt after waiting some timo, as tho enemy did not, appro ich, the order was givon to fix biiyondts and proceed along tho track , into tlie opon, when suddoulv a volley was fired into them, nnd Captain Swift ft 11, being hit below Iho henit. Almost immediately afterwards Lieutonaut Butler, who avussecond in command, fell also, and was instantly sur founded hy tho enomy, two of whom ho levelled with his revolver. The command now devolved upon Sitrpcant M'Kennii, who le- the men on to the chatgo, assisted by Ser- geants Brncogirdlo nnd Meara ; the Maories now Bhotvcd themselves on a hill, but were re- pulsed tbreo times. It biing by this timo dark, our men Mired intp the bush, two staying to guard tlio b dy of Captain Swift, whom they ' afterwards hid in the bush. The ra^ualtioB in this affair'on our sido wero:-Killed Captain Swift; priiates, S. Grace nnd R. Bell-. rluger. Wounded-Lieut. Butler, dangerously; Private F. Powell, severely; and Private M'Lean. Captain Swift was a brave and dash 1 ing officer, and much respected. In the C6tb, to *bich he had not been vrry ling promoted. He was previously iu iho'SOth and ¿ht; serving with the former in the Burmese war j of 18523, including the exp-"ditton to tho relief of Kangeen, in August, 1653, for which ha w t ceived a medaL | Further nowa, dated abjut ton days sub- ¡ scquently, brings na down to the con- ' niencement of the current month. Tno only ' .Important affair with the natives was at .Now Plymouth, before which towa aboat 1,000 Maories had placid themselves. The garrisoD, a party of the 57th under Colonel Watre. fdaring an attack upon the town, weat towards the Sell Block, and there the enemy were attacked and repulsed. On the soutK Side of the town, at Omata, whore Lieutenant Mills, of the 57th, was stationed, there wai another fight. As he only intended to lay an ambush, his force was small, and ho wa? Bet upon by the Maories, who poured in in great numbera. He retired with spoil, and being reinforced by eighty men of the 57th, under Major Butler, Colonel Warro and his Btaff following, there was a short encounter; hut as the Maories were in great force, and the Queen's troops numbereel only 323 mon, they withdrew from tho Bell Block, the Maories not renewing the attack. The robsl loss Is supposed to be heavy. The following Is a list of the casualties on our side. Thay are all of the gallant 57th Regiment :-Easiea P. E. Powys, severe ; Sergeant Samuel Harvjy, Severe ; Corporal Edward Rea, dangerous ; Drummer Dudley Stagpool, slight; Private William Reeves, dangerous; Private Patrick Burke, dangerous; Private Thomas Finn, mortal; Private Michael Foley, severe; Pri- ! vate Henry Cain, dangerous. , Fears were entertained of a night attack on | the town. Our latest intalligenca was con- ' tained ia the following telegram :- , " General Cameron was completing his final (arrangements for an attack on Mew- , mere, and had summoned all the medlcil | calcera to headquarters atPokono. The fly- ' ing columns had driven the marauding Ma i ries within the rebel lineB, whero their entire i fotce was supposed to be about 2,000 mea. i The general had also arranged detachments of ÍrC°P8 t° ou* ou* *he retreat of the Maories acrô'sa tile A?01- Everything evinces a das- , iterate struggle, but a speedy termination of ' lostilities is imminent, unless the Maorlas . . effect their escape, which is unlikely." . i The latest news is contained in the folio vi ig . -."leg/ram, wa Sydney : " One «lay's later news has been rec lived from Auckland. Important rumours when the steamer loft of a conflict at More mere. Nothing definite was known of the result. It is feared the natives will evacuate Meremere, and form Btraggling parties. thuB prolongln? tiie struggle. The skirmishing was generally favourable to the troops, occurring at Tara- naki, where a number of Wapgan'ii native! h arass the settlements," THE GOLD-FIELDS. This time last year the minora were "egtu i ing to suffer on many parts of the gold-fields from a scarcity of water, but this year the tain and floods have continued up to tho pre- sent time, and instead of a scarcity they have almost everywhere a superabundance still. This is advantageous in allowing of theocoa ration thus long of what are genorally cou- , Eidered as winter-diggings only, but, on tho other hand, the wetnefs of the country hw until very lately interfered materially with work on the surface, and has much hindered the search for and trial of new ground. Thus the quartz-crushing mills havo scarcely got to lull work yet in some district!-', and no new alluvial deposits of any special im- portance have been found for some time Vast. This ia the season when the miners ' are most res'less, but they have had no oxcubq here lately for a great rush, nor Ima the news from New Zealand been of a cha- racter to induce many to pioceed thltkor. lleportsof a kind Bimilar to those which soma y< ara ginee caused the disastrous rush to Port Curtis, aro again beginning to reach us from (Queensland ; but the lesson then learned Ins . not been forgotten, and positive informa- ; tion of the opening of a richor gold-field than ' is likely to exist so far north, will be roqulr.id ; to induce any number of men to risk a repa- j titionofthe disappointment experienced on | the first occasion. The usual numbjr of no v | spots of limited extent have bi'cn c.psne 1 ou the old fields heie within the last few weeks ; I and, as tho summer approaches, many ard turning their attention towards the mouii- I tuins, in. which direction alone are disco verb i I of any great consequence to bo looked for. At the beginning of winter, two mon pushid out from tho head of the Ovens, and founi I gold in considerable quantily iu the bed of a Bl roam, of which tbey know not the name, one of them afterwards being lost in the snow jit attempting to return to ii. This now turas out to he the nead of tho Dargo, on the Glpp3 Land sido of the Dividing Binge, at,d about thirty milea from the centre of the Omeo Dig Kings. It is difficult of access at any sctsoi, tut can b3 approached from either side ; and as the gold is there, the minors will not hesi- tate to go iu search of it. Nor will there b3 any delay now in supplying tbem with provi- sions, tools, and other requisite?, for the in- crease of the population in these regions dur- ing tho lost two years lins called iota existence ' a class of mon who cain their living as ; packers, with the assistance of horses, which manage somehow or other to carry loads up ' and down the Bides of hills which usad ' to be thought scarcely fit for bipeds to j travel over with safety. Thoy arenowtakiag I even quartz-crashing machinery into these . mountain gullios, and steam engines ure bains; ' made specially for this purpose, built up of pieces, eaoh of which when detached can b) ! c trricd on the back of a packhorse. The first , cost of such machinery, together with the expenso of getting it to its destination, is of course great, but some of the reefs in the3o ' out-of-tno-wayplaces.are exceedingly rich, and , the produco of a fow weeks' work covers the outlay. Already several mills, more or 1b33 ! perfect in construction, have been erected. Burne driven by water and some by steam, nad ! tills summor will Bee a great addition to ths number, now that the difficulties of carriage nave been overcome, and the returns are founi to bo bo large. Then the marking out of the roads clears the way for the miner of lew adventurous spirit, so that with every rocar Ting season and the summer la the season for those regions, are found vastly increased lttcilities for the search for both alluvial pound and quartz reefs, which last appear to be almost innumerable. The past month has not been marked by any gn at improvement in the yield from the xeofs a< nerally, although the quantity of s ton? put through the mills has been greater, la consequence of the roads becoming somewhat better in places, and In some districts tho returns have been better. AGRICULTURE. The promise of an early spring has not been fulfilled, the continued rains having up to tho present timo kept the ground in a vary wet state. Only last woek there wore heavy floods, which" swept away hay, and othorwisa did much damage to crops on the low land«. It is unusual for so much rain to fall after the equinoctial gales arc over, and the early »nd forward crop3 are retarded and injured thereby; but on the whole tho country Is I oking very well, and it is better to have too much rain than a comparative drought, euch as we had la-t yt ar at this time. Ifsome uf tho farmers are complaining, the gardeners ».ever beforo had the piuBpect of such un abun- dance of fruit, and tua weather has bien par- ticularly favourable for planting out tobacco, of ?»hlohalargoqtiuntity will bo grown this year. _.aat spring there waa scarcely a shower after the heat became sufficiently great to bring up the young plants, yet with care some very ?.itistactory yields ot good leaf were obtained . liut this soason the warmth and moisture ia the ground have been such as to allow of tobacco being grown and planted out with the greatest ease. Tho cutting of hay will »shortly be general, and the yield is likely ti exceed by much that of last year, thou-Mi tht quality will not be so good, unless thj wt-atlior Become more settled. Prices of mo it arti :lc i of produce have beon steady for bjiiio linn past, a lato attempt to forte wheat and dour up for the remainder of the year havl j g nu u 1 owing to tho resumption of shlpmentsof bru ii' stuffs from California to theso colonies. Clon calculators in such matters tried to prove that tho supply remaining on hand was barely, if quite, aufllcient to last until ttiu navr wheat carne in; but no sooner is the tura of Îiricos downward instead of up, thin ov-jr coked reserves are offered for salo, aid thara ia no one to buy. Tho truth is, that tie wheat secured ia ttiete colonies at last lur vest was cm te sufficient for our requirements, jtith a little to spare; bat at next harvoit t mo, and this is fast coming upon in. thora vii! ba no great surplus on hand T,it f easpn Is favourable for oats, and as there wi i he less reason than there was last year t> cut ' this «op for hay, wo will probiblir bo moro independent of other countries fir horse-corn than we havo been for a loi» time past, though wo shah still have toimn ir; »much larger quantity than we ought, lui f (arcely from Enr.-.pe in the coming year. T « » rn nsed brfadth of land under cultivât! <n will not turn ont to ba great; but, so far, thor i is every prospect of the average yield of so ni i rops at least being much higher, without th ) T'ïtbability of the consumption of horsc-c >rn, ft r instance, beirg any greater, if so great The time fixed for the intercolonial Rho v of merinos is drawing nigh, and thcra will bl a Veen contest for the champion prl_¿s. A'l i ur principal breeders will enter for thom, ind many pins of sheep aro com ia { fiiiward from South Australia and Tu irania, but nono from New South Wal-is: i or was it to bo expected that the breeden lhere would take any interest in the Bulyee* 7 hey have bien so very much longer eng-ige I in improving the merino that they must look i pon us aa upstarts, and as b.'ing presaap mous in challenging them to sucha coutte, i ot withstanding the vast outlay of the settler' 1 ere during the last few years in purchasing ii e best sheep to be had from Franco and G.r nany. Then they have nothing to gain b/ establishing a character for their flocks her -, their maiket lying in quite another dir.-ctioi. However, without their assistance, there pri mises to be a splendid show of merinos, col- lected from the three colonies named, aud most probably from New Zan land. Thi Port Philip Farmers' So:iety's show o' stock f-nd implements is to b3 hill on tho samo day ; and a strenuous effort isi ow being made to free this society from its difticultie?, and enable it to assume its old position again. After a very long pissa;^, aird ninuy delay«, the alpacas linva ,tr lived from Suuth America-at least 190 of the 312 put on hour!, and of these a few of the weakest have died Blnoe landing The remainder nr« thriving well, and will, wj may presumo, bo shortly offered for sale, but it is doubtful whether the importer will re c ive such a price for them as to remunorate him for his risk and losses, or enconrage him to bring anymore to the colony. Shearing is now general, and the wool is coming down the country as fast as tho flooded rivers aid the bad roads will allow. The ii coes ara ni usually heavy, and tho sheep suffered so little from a want of fred last summer that the staple must be sound and full-grown thr.u.h out. \- I THE THEATRES. ' The TheataeRoyalhascontinued «most suc- cessful season. Mr. Barry Sullivan's revival of " The Merchant of Venice," with entirely new scenery, dresses, and appointments, altogether produced in a superior style, had a good run forton nights, Mr. Sullivan appear!n/r as Shy lock, and Mrs. R. Heir as Portia. Mr. Sullivan has also appeared as Mr. Beverley, in " The Gamester ;" Benedick in " Much Ado Abiut Nothing," and also in conjunction with Mr. (liarles Dillon in "Othello," the two actors t.ltemating tho principal characters for seve- ral evenings. Mr. Charles Dillon has also appeared in " Loui3 XI." and in "Belphegor," which latter character he played last night for his benefit; followed by "Wild O .its," compressed into two acts, with Mr. Dillon ia the part of Rover. The first appearance of Mr. and Mrs. Charl is Kean before an Australian audience whs msii on Saturday night, October 10, at tho H*y market Theatre. To the bold enterprise of Mr. Coppio, the public of Victoria are in- debted for au opportunity of makin:: tha acquaintance of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean, in a round of their favourite parts. The selection of " The Gamester" for the intro dnction of the Eiglish actors to a Melbourne audience was, perhaps, irflnenced as much by considerations of their personal convenience »H by reasoa of its intrinsic interest or excellence, Mr. Kenn not having quita recovered the enervating effects ol a loag sea voyago upon his voico and a recent indis- position. The part is one which, though not tha greatest of Mr. Kean's performances, bringa ¿nt Btrongly some of his chief excellences - his freedom from the conventional exaggera- tions, his superiority to the ommonplaai stage devices, and, lastly, his pathos, his in- tensity, and his self command. It is witli Fomething deeper and warmer than a critlcil welcome that Mrs. Kean has bsen received bj the Australian public, among whom are few who have not been moved and delighted b i l.er acting, in days gone hy. The same purit, of style, the same truth and simplicity, th I name exquisite ease and finish, which we hav. i remembered ot tho Mrs. Kean a dozen years | are hers to-day, without loss or abatement I The house was well filled in every pari I and the reception accorded to ont distinguishec I visitors was warm and cordial-Mr. Kea' j havintr baan called three times before th' I curtain dui ing the performance. On the following Monday evening, Mr. ant Mrs. Kean appeared as Benedick and Beat ric in " Much Ado About Nothing," with equa success, but owing to Mr. Kean finding him self Buffering from hoarseness, he determine upon taking a week's rest, and on Monday October 19. Mr. and Mrs. Kean appeared ii " The Wife 8 Secret," The house was crowde; in every part, the audience including L id. Dalling, Miss Darling, and Gpneral Chute and Mr. Kean was received with pThap3 evoi more enthusiasm than greeted his first ap pearance. The highest tribute, however that an audience can render to the actor wa 'freely given to Mrs. Koan for her performance 'aiid the emotion more flattering than cUp ping of hands testified to the truth and powo of the picture The play of " Lonis XI.," which is associate: with one of tho greatest and most'remarkab'i triumphs of Mr. Charles Kean on the stage o the Pr lnce88's Theatre, was produced on th fellowing evening, Mr. Kean of course pot Kinating the King, and Mis. C. Kean, n Martha. The house was well filled, and Mi Kean's reception of tho usual flattering kind. "Henry VIII." wiU be produced on Mon I day, and "The Merchant of Venice" O Saturday next. : SPORTING. , The Victorian Turf year of 1803-64, com nicnced on the 1st of October, at Ballarat, where a champion race meeting of thro3 days' sport was held. The weather was fins on the occasion, and at least 5,000 person i were present. The principal event was, of course, tho Intercolonial Champion Race, for a prize of 1,000 eovs., with a sweepstakes of 100 bovs. each, over tho usual distance for iliese champion contests-three miles. Then nore originally twenty entries, but of tb.es) only five carno to the post ; and it was bumewhat singular to find that in a ruce of this description, to bo run in an inland town of Victoria, of the five competitors, three of thcBO wore horses from New South Wales, while tho owners of their two Victorian opponents wero natives of thi elder colony, l'ho New South Wales candi- dates wero Archer, the best horse that ever i an In Victoria ; Zoe, a maro that had prj aiously won two champion events; an I Haidee, a four-year-old filly, in the same établi with Archer, tried with him, and found to b i \ory good. Tho VictoriauB woro Mormon, tin winner of the Champion Race in Tasmania, and the preruior horse of tho past year; anl Barwon, now four years old, who ran second ia tlie Geelong Champion Race of 1862, to Talley- rand, who was aho intended to run this year at Ballarat, but, unfortunately for his ownor ttud party, went lame a few days before tho » ace. Tho Sydney horses were the favourites ai odds against theVictorians, and Archer was, as might bo expected from his past perform- ances, the favourite at odds on him against the field. But it happenod that, for some ferr (lays immediately before the race, the greit S; dney horso had ehown incipient signs of injury in his off-fetlock joint, likely to end In Inmcness.which caused him to be thrown out of severe work, and this bronght him to the po3t »-hört of condition. The result of tho rasa aras, that tin Victorians finished first and ucond-Barwon, first; Mormon, second; A i cher, third; Zoe, fourth; and Haidee, last, There wore great jubilations by the more indent turf spirits of the youngor colony, and j.ut a few loog faces wero pulled by the 1-ackers of Ncw South Wales, bo often the victors on previous occasions. The othoi riices of tho meeting-which, howover, wart well contested-c»ll for no special remark except that a son of the imported Boiardo appropriately named Triumph, won the Bal- larat Biennials ; and the Rose of Denmark, c tilly, by the premier English siro Stockwell Miirchioness, won the principal handle »I race thero, beating Falcon and others. Till litter was tho first victory achieved by Mr Hur iii: Fisher's magnificent imported stud now located at Maribyrnong, on the banks o: tin) Saltwater River. The Victoria Jockey Club Raco3 wore fiieJ fin- the 10th und 17th of this month, bul ov Ing to thy heavyjweather they wore post 11 ned for a week. On the first day, the Rou i-i Denmark was brought out for the Derby, t: i i;e a field of i-ix other of the best tbreo-year i.-:e in the colony. The fill}', running ate a- nat disadvantage, having six months' less agí i -tu her competitor, was beaten under 8st. 411) m Jeep gtound, and the race was won by Orl i1 -mine, by Boiardo-Tricolor, with anothoi li mido cult, Batkcr, own brother to Barwon grrond. Five races filled, the card on tho firat I duy, and but that the wentber was showery | and the conreo heavy, the Bport would have i given unqualified satisfaction. There are air | rares on the card for the second day's busi- ness, including the Steeplechase, the Oaks, rid the Jockey Club Cup. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. The returns of the Immigration depart- ment for the month of September havi been published in the Gazette. The arrivals at all ports of the colony numbered 2,903, and the departures 2,790, the balance bein, 116 In favour of tbo population of the colony. Of the arrivals 1,760 were adult males, 850 adult females, and 161 mole an I 145 female children. Of the departures, 2,104 wero adult males, 383 adult females, and 164 male and 139 female children. Of- the arrivals, 2,905 landed at Melbourne and 1 at Port Albert. Of the departures, 2,775 sailed from Melbourne, 9 from Gee- long, aud 6 from Port Albert. In the fol- lowing table the chief features of the migra- tory movements of the month will bo found stated at laige : 3 J "Stí Kow South Wait» .. South Australia .. ¡Tasmania- ., Kow Zealand Total neighbouring colo- nies United Kingdom .. Foreign ports Not Immierratlon 852 878 119 100 3.0 as SIS leal 1SS5 1483 88 2273 2900 2700 2700 116 26 1176 1202 1K8 1380 ' In the following table the arrivals sad de ] artures are given monthly for nine months of the current year, compared with those ot 1862: Arrived. I January .. .Fobrusry .. i Varch .. April Kuy June .. July August Soptombor.. Totals .. 4,026 2,831 4,087 8,180 2,050 2,010 2,160 De- parted. fi.449 8,200 8,113 2,819 2,049 1,027 2.2S8 2,002 7,817 30,704 1808. 2,000 2,559 4,007 2,292 4,002 3,890 8,767 2,030 20,3 7 Da parted. 5,009 6,712 4,918 2,128 2,700 1,018 1,171 2,411 2,7i) 2',493 It will be seen from the above table that, while the arrivals in the colony for the three quarters in the current year have increased by 403, the departures heneo havedecieased by 2269. COMMERCIAL. The mail steamship Bombay will bu de- spatched early on Monday with the maila for Europe and the EaBt. Tho Madras arrive! truo to her time on the 10th inst., an I English adviceB to the 28th Au_UBt wero in the hands of merchants on the evening of that day. The effect of these has not been very marked. The weather has b;en nnpro pitiouB.nnd the spring season has Ecarcely yet set in. A feeling of increased security ha?, however, made itself apparent. The fallin j off in consignments of general merchandisa from British ports has contributed to this feeling, and the prospects of a lively sammor trade have confirmed it. At tho time of ths i departure of tho previous mall (September 26), the opening of the spring season wa3 looked i for daily, but heavy and constant ininfalU have taken place since, flooding the plains, and rendering the roads imptnclicable to heavily laden droys. Shecp-shenrinp; ha? boon retarded. The clip of wool has yet to b3 brought to the port, and the station supplies for another yeor have yet to be forwarded to the outlying pastoral districts. The revenue returns for the year and quar- ter ending the 30thSeptoinber, have been pub- lished in the Gazette, compared in djtail wita thoBe for the corresponding periods ending the 80th September, Í862. Tho rev. nita fro a all sources collected during the past quarter amounted to £078,8798b. 10d" agaimt£893,283 13s. 3d., for the third quarter of 1862, sliovin? a falling off of ¡£211,907 6s. 5d. The revonua for the twelve mouths amounted to £2,793., 70a íiB. 5d., against ¡63,024,093 7i>. 0J.. showin. a falling, off of £230,991 Sa. Id. These deficiencies can bj explained in one item among many changes. The territorial re- venue receipts yielded less in the later pe- riods than in the former by £228,638 for the quartor, and by £400,790 for the year. The Customs revenue has alto suffered con- siderably, and recent investigations go far to prove that an organized system of i-mug^ling ins been growing, especially on Chinese goods -opium, spirits, tea-by which large sunn have beenloit to this source of the colony's in- come. The rtcsipts from the Ports and Har- bours department and the Post-office, have | been well maintained, and the Public Works have yielded the natural increase arista; from the opening of the railways to public traine. Taking the departments separately for ths years we find a decrease in the Customs re- ceipts for the year ending the 30th nit.-is compared with tho year ending the 80th Seo tember, 1862-of (omitting fractions) £11,62_. Tho articles under which an increase is sho wa under this head are-wine, £649: baer, £5493; tobacco, £6,727 : opium. £5,017 ; ric-3, £12.005; dried fruits, £6,217; hops, £3,193; malt, £4,471; Bheepwn'h tobacco, £4,850; registration fees, £14,283 ; and the decrease -spirits, £38,272; cigars, £3,476: tot, £20,912; sugar, £8,827: coffeo, £2,540. The excise receipts were £86 998 for the earlier period against £91,979 for tho later, the in- crease being entirely supplied by the licence fees charged to auctioneers, spirit-merchant?, and brewers. In the territorial revenue, there is a decrease exhibited under every division, the totals being £306273 for tho palo aud occupation of the public lande, £85,000 for the gold export duty, £6,242 for minsra' rights, £2,255 foi business licences, and £1,923 for occupation of auriferous lands. In the public works, there was an incroasoof £193,505 in the railway income, and of £1,064 in the electric telegiaph, and a decrease of £15,000 in water-rates. The Post-office yielded an in- crease for tho year of £6,659, Under the headings of " Fees, fines, and forfeitures," and " Miscellaneous," there are no discrepancies calling for remark, The returns for the quarters exhibit very similar features to those for the years. The general revenue has been barely maintained, while]the territorial revenue has been deficient. Tbo tables given below will show at a glauco that, with the exception named, and that of railways, the items of increase and decreasa have not been very remarkable. In the Customs revenue, there was a falling off of £5,093, in the Excise of £674, In tbo territorial of £228,538. In the Railway department, there was an increase of £21,269. For some ten days previously to tlie despatch of the Northam, on the 20th ult, a very ex- traordinary competition had set in for gold. The nine banks differed as to the course of tiadc, and as much as three percent, premium was paid for the metal for transmission to a market at par. This price brought forward Inrge quantities which had been previously held. Since then a lull has taken place. The banks aro still buying eagerly, but the ratea have given way. The prices now quoted aro based on that of £3 l63, per standard ounce, which, with the export duty of Is. Od. per ounce, brings the cost on shipboard with- out charges to £317s. Gd. per ounco. The price! now being.paid to producers on the gold-fields by the banks aro as follow ¡-Omeo, Uppir Yarra, Shady Greek, £312s. to £3 14s. ; Jamie- son, Big River, and Dandenong, £3 153. to £3 16b. 9d. ; Castlemaine, Bendigo, and Mom tain Crook, £3 18s. to £8 18s. 3d.; Crook ii River, Boggy Creek, Caledonia, and Andjr Bon's Creek, £3 19s. ; Maryborough, Dunolly, Avoca, and Raglan, £3 19s. to £3 19s. 31.; Creswick and Brown's, £3 18s. Gd. to £4 0*. 9ri. ; Ballarat and Ovens, £4 Is. to £4 2s. The only clearance of gold during the week ¡lias amounted to tlx ounces, making the tot ti shipments hence Bince the commencement of llio year amount to 1,608 220 ounces, of which 1,222,443 ounces wero the producj of Vic- toria, and the remainder transhipments fron New Zealand vessels. The shipments to th? corresponding date of the previous yeir amounted to 1,600,095 ounces, of which 1,358,452 ounces were the produce of the Vic- torian gold-fields, and 246,043 ounces tran 1 hlpmonts from New Zealand vessels. In the following table, the quantities of gi'Id brought into Melbourne weekly by ths wcorte «re given separately for the radoai bfldfleldi [Urday: fid- field., for three months ending yjs a us 578 11020 755 025 717 269* 8718 : 1862 6378 S09Í 3199 : 15(7 1675: 21118 \- 1558 ¡ 2618 2680 \- 1476 2150189001 î 6071 Î543 } 4214 2915 i 4438 2647 I 2628 mo I 2105 7S93 ' 4123 4411 722 : 637 V/li : , 1057 aïi)2 700 1916 1817 1057 - - 411 2131 1234 »"128 6S5J 10032: 1749 230 1_!8(1£9S|1523 1185 1214 i 1845. 1058 1955 943 2476! 897 3353 1240 263l| 644| 760 1698 628 13S1 14312 1814 2339 3507 3170 8750 835 The following is a list of the gold B-lpa which have sailed hence sine the 1st of July, with the quantities and the destina'io a S st.tfed separately : Ballin.. 12 Wave ci Life .. Citv of Melbourne Wellesley .. Bombay .. ., Yorksbiro.. Ltatnboul True Briton 20, Coorong .. 26Wong» Wongal .. 26 Madras 8'Mi-narch .. 22,8o_ors 23 Rojal Shepherd . 26 Northam .. 26 Norfolk 12 Prince of Wales. 21lGi)ihoi,burg London .. Sydnry .. London .. Point de Calle. Londoa .. Hong Kong Landon .. Adelaide Sydney .. Point do Oatie. London .. Hong Kong Launceston Point de dalle. London .. London .. OUgo, N Z I With the competition for gold some chan?o ' might naturally he looked for in the value of money, but nono in reality has token place. 'I he banks aro offering various rates of in ti rest on deposits, tho agreement to adopt ona uniform tariff having been altogether aban- doned, Theory and practice alike point t-o ifcoperfectness of the natural law by whic't ilie rates of all articles of produce are f.overued. They are cheaper from the first J and to the shipper than they aro from 1 he consignee to the consumer. Gold is nit liable to many of tho fluctuations of ordinary I roduce, inasmuch as a market is ever opea at ith an inexhaustible demand at a fixed prie ». The cost of coinage is not to be compared \tith the cost of transit. A sovereign coined i-t the Austra'ian branch of the Royal Mint from gold dng out of the earth a few weeks previous to its circulation, is worth just as much as and no more than an English sovereign, from gold produced in the Australian mines, sent to England as dust, and roturne 1 us coin öfter a lapse of six months. O. i ccumnlate i capital ther-i is no lack, as th-3 hunk deposits and other investments within t lie colony be tr witness. It is difficult to ccount for tau fact that the banks, having tho command of tho accumulated capital j . nd of tlu eutiw monetary business of ho colony, as also of the gold trade, should lind that in ono branch of their trade monov i-r always at one value, eight per cent, mini- mum ; while in England and the great centre? nf European fin ance it fluctuates in ordinary j u'mes from one and a half per cent, minimum tu five per c nf. miximum: while, at the same time, the price of the law material the crude i old, varies three per cent, here, while it is ¡i Imost stationary there. In the one case, it is > i tie, the colonial bank is the seller, and in th » c thor it is the buyer; > but this does not account lor the inop ration of all the natural i awi > «hichof neoes=ityootupon older communities. '1 he monopol erjoyed by the > banks has fre huenfly been the subject of comment, and k I Tee several > attempts have been made within. flic colony to break It up. One or two lu- > ll n bis have b en fostered, while all other in- dustries have been left to their own unaided support, Three colonial banks have bsen biamished, but these bave all fallen into the «?aten track of their predecessors. The rates .'f discount hive not been permitted to vary ivi'li the changing values of other invest- ente. When fluctuations were beyond all ) ntrol, and the risks proportionately greater, ills were negotiable at 8 per cent. Now liatgold-mluin< has broome a Battled indus v, certain in itspioductiveness, not bowll » ring in its uncertainty, there is no change. Ml experience points to the desirability of ' he establishment of a branch of the Imperial Mint in »his calony, and to lower thus ttt-a iiimnt } igh charges made by the banks to ucir customers. During the past week, the money market ma been au et.^ The high position at ained by the Victorian Railway Loan on lie London Sccck Exchange has scarcity leen felt here, as tho debentures roservel nr this market are not remittable, the störest being payablo only in the colony, rhofoithcoming issue on the 8rd Nbvembar f a further parcel of jE_00,000 worth has he effect of keeping prices down. The rates f exchange on England are as follow : Tnlf per cent, premium for sixty days' nd 1 per cent, premium for thirty days'. I'l o charges by the Peninsular and Oriental dimpany for tho transmission of gold and ni I i ion from Melbourne to the Bank of Ens mid amount to 1} per cent., including ia miance. The btnkiug institutions having igencies in India charge-for thirty days' ex tiange on Bombay. Calcutta, and Madras, ¡i. Id. per rupee ; Hong Kong and Singa co,4s. lOd. per dollar; Mauritius, 4s. 2d. per .ollar ; Ceylon, 3J ner cent, premium. Thi ates of interest paid by the majority of the anks are as foliow:-For deposits at thirty lays'notice, fiomli to 2 per cent, per annum; ? t throe months' notice, from 2 to -J per cent. ; it <dx months' notice, from 4 to 4. per cent, PI o rates sought to bo established aro-on de ooslt-recelpts at call, 21 per cent, per annum ; lo., thirty days' notice. 4 per cent. do. ; do., : bree months notice, 6 per cent, do.: do., sto uontbs' notice, Ü prr cent do. Tho bank! piote7 percent, discount for two months jills, 8 per cent, for three months', and 0 pei ; nt. for four months'. Three of the b iuks have published ia tin Gazette their gena-il abstracts of l.abilitie .nd assets a,vithin the colony, in pursuance o lie Act of Council, 4 Viet., No. 13. Subjolne m bummaries of these returns : The London Chartored Bank of An m1 in. - Liabilitloi - Notes in circulation tot bearing interest, £100,949 8s. Id. ; bill n ciiculation, not bearing interest, £3,8t> 3-. lOd. ; balanoes due to other bank L7.010 lin. 3d. ; deposits, not bearing in it-rest, £243._84 l81. 7d.; deposits, bearin merest, £ü7ß,827 16s. 9d. Total amouu if liabilities, £630,939 17b. Gd. Assets - Joined gold and silver and other coin; uetahs, £101,746 2s. 8d. ; gold and alive n bnllion or bars, £31,816 16s. 31 ; landa importy, £04,020 Oh. Id.; notes and bill if otlur banks, £17,620 10s. lOd.; bi irires due from other banks, £1,054 12s. 2 i imount of all debts due to the bank, incl'ii hg notes, bills of exchange, and all stock an 'nnded debts of every description, «.centin notcB, bills, and balances due to the said ban! Irora other banks, £1,214,232 7s. 7d. Toni i-i ouut of assets, £1,430,499 8s. 7d. Capita i'ock paid np at this date, £1.000.000 ; rate e t o last dividend declared to the *b aroholderi eight per cent. : amount of the last dividenr dec! tri d, £40,000; amount of the riserwi profits at the time of dec'aritig such divldoni, ' £117,49217s. 4d. . ' ! I Bank of Victoria.-Liabilities-Notes ti circulation, not bearing interest, £273.43); billi) in circulation, not bearing intorost, £10,488 10s. 41. : balance tl'ii to otu* bank", £26,659 11s. 6d. ; deposit--, not blar- ing interest, £647.891 14'. Id ; depssltt. bearing interest, £693,844. Total amount of liabilities, £1,652,313 15a. lOd. Assets-Cola 11 gold mid silver, and other coined me'ali, , £293,16417s. lOd. ; gold and Bilver in bullion cr bars. £96,274 2s. lid.; land.d propartv, ' £124,993 8j. 8d.: notes and bills of oth:r bank*, £19,988 18*. 9d. ; balances due fron other banks, £08.382 9s. Id. : amount of all debts due to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock aud funded debts of every description, cxcptlng notes, bills, an t balances due to tho paid bank from other banks, £1.513,501 0s. 31. Total amount of assets,£2146,804 12->. 6d. OopHtl account Amount of the c-ipit.il stock paid-up at this date, £500,000 ; rato of th« hist dividend de- clared to the shareholder?, ton per cent.; amount of the last dividend di claret!, £25,039; amount of the Teservcd profits after declaring such dividend, £100,000. Oriental Bank Corporation.- Liabilities Notes in circulation, not bearing interest, £126,245 16ä. 2d.; bills in ciiculation, not bearing it.terept, £18,673 loi. 7d.; balança due to other banks, £1,817 13s. Ud.; de posits, rot bearing interest, £212,174 16s. 61.; deposits, bearing interest, £551.628 18s. 54. Total amount of liabilities, £905,641 Os. 7d. Assets-Coined gold and silver, and othsr coined metals, £145,975 15s. lOd. : gold ant silver in bullion or bars, £119,413 12s. 7i. : landed property, £40,000 ; notes nnd bills of other banks, £22,018 1b 6d. ; bil-mros dut from other b»nkB, £34,44012-=. : au o ... tof all debts due to the bunk, including innes, billi of exchange, and all stock and funded debil of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said bauk from nthir banks, £762.670 9s. Total amount of al sets, £1,114,524 10s. lid. Oapitil account Amount of the capital stock psid up by this date, £1,200,000; rate of the last divi- dend declared to the shareholdc ra, five n-r cent., and three per cent, bonus, equal to sit t.-en per cent, per annum ; amount of the Hit dividend declared, £100,800; amount of tin reserved profits afitrdeclaring such dividen!, £252.000. An annual meeting of the Colonial Bank of Australasia was held on the 12th instant, .when the directors met the proprietary with a report and balance sheet, wbicli have boen very generally approved. The Tosses sustained are met anti marked off. Tho contingent fund has disappeared, end the balance of profit and Iofs for the half-year is apportionoi to the first claim on it. The reservo fund of £50,000, the contingent account of £49,808. and the balance of profit of £16,940 aro sat against the suspense accounts of former half years. The valueB of tho bank properties har J been ascertained ; and. after carrying on a safe and large business for the six months just ended, the bank finds its cap'tal intact, Iti lasses wiped off, and a balance of £3,500 to foim the nucleus of a reserve fund fortín future. The directors did not recommend * dividend, and the shareholders did not voto one : but the meeting separated assured for tho first time of the stability of their position, of the cortainty of the profits naturally to accrue from the large opportunities which the batk possesses for tho ubo of its capital, ani of ihe deposits nt its command. The stock and share market has not basa visited by any extraordinary movement. Messrs. Baillie and Butteis report : " Slnoo our lost in -ntlily review of tho Btock ntl share marltot there bave bo.n fow changes lol any Importance. Bm-incss goncrally han boin dull, ali ruling rales, although ahonin; very llttlo alteration, tiaro boen, on the who o weaker. This, we think, lia« been caused chiefly by the increased ritos of In- terest on dep rial's now paid by nil our banking in Etllutlons, capitalista piofeirring to allow tbolr money to romula with ihem nt ela per runt, (tbo i ato now ubtalnabb) linn invent iutlioiraharei, vltli a prospect c.f a bisher rate ot Interest, bul subject to the fluctuations o! n very unstoad i maikit. The same reason ma) be applied lo the till in ton price of our debentures. A fow monthi a} ) thoso securities were rulli g at £1'_ IO«, to £109, et cluilve ot lntorost, nnd saleable lu very larne parcols at from £107 to £108 ; nnd 5 ct wj find our Govemmont, instead ol i-ijpljlng the market gradually at It would absorb thom-«0 have the stock rodusjl £108 10s. to £106, the romlt of £10J,0)) worth bolng thrown on the nuiket at onu, and at a time when tho bat lis ero actually outbidding them in tho rato ot lutire-t they off if. The time for opening the tendera 11 fixed for cn 8rd November ; and ftltlioogh wo havo no doubt who- ever that tho wholo amount will bo taken up, still em Ihlnk thoy would command much b ghcr rates thai the} bavo hiihorto done It moro judiciously managjt, fur at £100 It becomes a question whethsr it would not bo an excellent operatl-11 for any on* of our banking institutions te lake up r.ny ninouat of tlnm, maka them payable in EnglMid througi their own ellice, and quietly pocket the difference of promlum, which would be from fivo to six por cent., besides tho interost accruing on their roinlt-anoH duilng the time of traiL.it, instead of its lying dead Ii bullion or specie. " Mlnlrg stocks havo shared In the general dulnsii, »ny business done being coiifloed almost «ntlreljr t > Ballarat stocks, which maintain their yield, and dis- tienda with so much moro regulirlly and sioadlnois ti to glvo them a higher place In the ettitratlou of the public generally. " Banks.-Colonial have advanced from £017s 0L to £7 Is.6d. ; National, from£416>. Cd. to£4 IBs. 61., with buiine&s; at intermedíate prices; V.otirla have declined from £30 to £37, aod £37 10«. for Londoi register ; Now South Walos, no sales. "Iosurauco.-Alliance bavo improved from 8t. 81. cum dividend to Oi. ex dividend, and tolnrnhly lirm ; Australasian have rocdod fiomGOs. to 47a. ; Colon! el aro easier, buyers at 8s. 6d. ; Victoria Life and Gene- ral and Victoria Fiio and Marine, na transactions. ?' Gas.-Ballarat, sales at £0 Lil. to £0 15s. ; [In- digo, and Cattle Tialao, no lalos; Colli-jrwood anl FCzroy, frco'y «»loable at from £5 10«. to £5 12s. Od. GorlGng, no change ; Melbourne, s curly tit £4, " Miscellaneous -Hobson's Biy Ballway advanced a little on tin strength of »1rs in London at £53 ; prloj« obtained boro reached £66 lOj. Thoy are now offer» 1 at £55, md dull of site. Bsndlgo Waterworks havi lullen to 12a. Od. Victoria Coal aro all but extinct. Minmi Colliery ure lo wer In pries, but their liusineii Is iii urirhlng. Sales at from £3 69 to £3 Is." The first annual meeting of the Australian Allianco Assurance Company was held, at the company's offices, on tho 29th nit., when the report of the directots and the balance-sheet ?were Bubmitted to the approval of the share holden?, and were carried unanimously. Vote) of thanks wero passed to tho directors, tlis manager, officers, and agents of tho compaay. An extraordinary general meeting of trie shareholders was afterwards held, to discus the propriety of effecting marino risks, aid the meeting declared their desire that tbJ dhectora should have all the nece-'sary power! for so doing. A divldond was declared at tin rate of six per cent, per annum. The following is a statement of tho traffic returns of the Victorian Government lines of railway, of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway, and of the Melbourne Company's lino (late the Melbourne and Suburban Hue), for tho month of September : Pas- I Mor \- I eengors. I chandlso. iJoïeratnenfc linos Melbourne and Hooson'sBay.. Me.Ibourno Co.'a.. £ s. d. 13,1811011 2,85518 0 2.S4312 di £ s.d. 18,455 5 6| 2,t83 8 0 £ ». A. 31,5(7 5 S j 6.339 0 2,8« 12 Tho following ib a statement of the Btocks of : oil dutiable articles in bor.d in Melbourne oa the 21st inst. :-Brandy, 0,096g hhds, 841,009. canea; ruin, 944} hhds,, 1,241 caFcä ; genora. 105,117 red cases. 6,712 green cases ; whiskey, 9SG hhds., 16,297 Cdses; old tom, C6 hhds, 2,615 cases ; cordials, 2,079 cases ; spirits of wine, 2631 hhds. ; other splritV, 174} hhds.. 6,476. cases ; wine, 8,180 hhds, 10,850J cases ; beti-, 9,234} hhds., 9.343 casa« aud casks ; tobacco, 29 hhds., 197 casks, 1,277 bales, 22 tierces, 193 half- tierces, 6 ruorttr-tierccs, 27 kegs, 6,021 three-quart ir ; r-rxes, 2,196? cases and boxes; cigtra, 8D3 T-lOtliBcaoes: snuff, 54 packages ; tea, 20.112 '. obestu, 12,187. half- chests, 9,772 boxes; coff ¡a, i 1,071 bags, 1 tierce, 819 coRks, 816 barrel* ; BUgar, 127,929 bags raw, 71,816 packages; mo- lasses, 209. hhds. : chicory, 274 packages; | whim, 2 chests, 180 packages ; drlod fruits, 10,405 packages ; hops, 538 pockets 74 bales ; rice,43,417 bags, 2barrels; malt, 2,681 bags; colonial spirits, 1,624 libéis. The wool season will be late this yen-. Some fow hundred bales have found their way into tho Melbourne wool warehouses, but id public sale has yot taken place. It is cus- tomary to send by tho October mail aa account of tho oponing of this important market, but this will have to be deferred for at least one month. Large parcels aio on tha way from the Riverine district, and the Murray steameis are discharging cargoes daily at Echuca, to b3 forwaided by rail from Saatl hunt. It is certain that this year very larg! quantities, which hava hitherto found thair .way to Adelaide for shipment, will be sold ia tliis market. The reports of tho wool brokers will bo found in another column. Sinco the departure of the lost mail for England, the following sales of station pro- perties have been effected:-A sheepetatio 1 near Guichen Bay, with 24,000 sheep, also a baok block in the Lachlan district, at market rates; the Tilybong sheep station, in tita Swan-hill district, at 2-5«. per head, befora shearing; the Yanda etttioD, on tho Darliatt River, with 4,607 sheep, 2,165 Um1«), and 2)) cattle, to Messrs. Roberteon, Wagner, and O >., for £7,000, ono third cash, remainder at om, two, and three years, bearing eight per coat, interest; also tho ennerdale, property, njir : I-nke Boluc, consisting nf 9,220 acTes of land, j ; -with 9,000 shoop and -.000 lamia, for the s-lai j of £24,000, to Mr. James Stewait, of Ade- ¡ [ laide ; terms, one-third cash, tho remainder ah ; j one, two, and three years, bearing eight par i cent, interest. ! I The Bill of Entry for the week ending ttii | ' 17th inst. gires the imports at the port of ! Melbourne at the declared value of £164,950,' and the exports at £167,018, tho balance bein; I in favour of the latter by the sum of £12,061. ¡ Specie was exported to the value of £26,50). | Tho following items appear among th > , colonial exports :-Black sand (tin), 1 ton ; I I flour, 12I_ tons ; Lay, 23 tons ; hides, 100 No. ; ! i live stock-dogs, 7 No. ; horses, 141 No ; ! sheep, 626No.; potatoes, 23} tons; tallow, 26y tons : wool, 82,8481b. In the following tab! ) I »he imports and exporta are given weekly ¡ i for the current year, aide by side with thou | of the corresrmnding weeks of 1862, together , i w ith the totals for both periods :- i Ei porte. In the first period, the account stood thus : Importa Exporta Balance of Imports over exports Xn the second period : Imports . Export« . £1,227,444 .. £11,830,434 .. 9,861,631 Balance of imports over oxporta £1,468,800 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. i The Argus Office, Friday Evening:, j Sinco the departure of the list mall steamer, we bar« I ! had continued unaettled weather, occisionaUy broalc- I . ing out into spring, interrupted by torrents of raia, ' flooding all the low-lying country, and materially I j checking business by tho lncroased ratea charged for ! j cartage to the districts not accoseiblo to railways. Thj : seaton must, howover, shortly becomo settled. Darinr j tbo present week, demand genortlly has been mira I ' active in anticipation, and the docreaied shipment! : reported from the home markots havo given & bettir tono to bualnca', although coming supplies aro quits efficiently large to prevent any improvomont In prias), Tho wool season has been rotardod by tho long winter rains, but arrivals ore now earning to hand pretty freely, and the párchate of the supplies of stores for stations, iic, Is producing improved activity In trail. Buyora of nearly aU classes of goods havo tbrougho i-, tbo winter purchased very spailntly, and will n i r have to enter tho markets to meet the demands of ta i summer; so that a better pros/ieci arUes, howe rar light may be the influence on prices. Business gen rally hasTOmalned In a healthy condition ; the l)v rates ruling have not, with but few oxceptiun«, led t1 speculative tratmtctlons, and tbo chief Durch» 131 effected have been for trade purposes fir immodltta distribution. With these remarks on iho gen -r.l condition and proepotts of trade in tin Import mark t'.s, we proceed to give moro detailed particalara of tai leading articles of general consumption : Beers in bulk have not improved in either inq I'ry or value, and notwithstanding the low ratea rallay, move off but slowly at quotation). In bottled »loi a very moderate business baa been done, many Slip, ments still arriving in bad condition. Bottled stoiî commands a fair inquiry, but not to tho extent ti enhance Its value. Qiotstlors are:-Ale (duty Juli').-New Brewery Co. Carllslo, £7 10s. to £r 12s. (3d. ; Bass's now No. 3, £6 16s. to £7 ; Allsopp'«, £416s. ; other Burton brewers', £610s. to £7 per bul. ; Juulo's, £7 lOi. to £7 12s. Gd. por hbil. ; Tonuont'i, C » 16s. to £6 per hhd. ; Byass'a bottled, 9s. Gd. ; Lond ) t »nd Colonial üo.'ri, Us. to 9s. 64 ; Alhopp's, 9s. 6_ ; other bottlers', 8s. ed. to 8s. Oil. Stout-Bast brands, C1 12*. Gd. to £6 16a. ; othor broivors*, £S per hh 1. ; Dublin stout, bottled, 0t. to 9s. 6<L ; Brass's, 8s, 61. to Ob. ; London and Colonial Company's, 9a. ; Barclay'j, bottled by Friend, quarts, 9s. Od. to 9s. 9J. ; othor bottlers', 7s. 6d. to 8s. Gd. per dozen. Bacon and hams aro rather luwor than when lait reported on ; dcinacd has fluctuated coni-iderably, an I the local curing having much Increased provenu any prospect of permanent advance in price» of importol (-árcela. There is, howover, a »toady trai'o inquiry at well i>b demand for export, and present ratos aro not likely to be Influenced downwards to any extent. The selling pilcal are as follow :-Yorkshire or Wiltshlri hams, Is.; Iriih (Sinclair's), lj ; Coty's, Hd ; Eowan's, lit-1 les (bacon), lid. ; Sinclair's, lljd. ; Waring'«, load, to lid. ; and MoftnU'f, lOd. por lb. Bags and woolpacks havo rallied, and some consld tr- ahie nales of corn as eke have bean toado at advance I 1 rices, whilst for tho latte.' there has been a fir uqulry at steady rnteB. Quotations are:-Three bushel eera sicks, 14s. Gd. to 16s. per dozen ; wool- packs, full weights, 6s. to Ss. 8d. each ; gunnlof, 8s. t > Si. Gd. per dozen. Butter his still further dec'inod. The Buppllos of f csh are very largo, and tbo feed abundant, an I from tho lato rains, likely to continus so. For newly, landed parcels of irish best, not above 8jd. per lb. is p cicurab'o ; and f-r any extensive parcels, barely tatt r*ta could be obtained. -ho market for randles, which at as salnclng soma I ¿light tendency to<ta;ds nmeucment prl-irto thear 1 rival of tho n.all, has agtiu become depressed by thi excessive shipments reported, and the pursued prac- tice of forci-jg off ltir,:e supplies by auction. For Belmont cperms not over 1 Id. per lb. can ho quoted, Neva ttoarlnes ttand at 11JJ. Other foreign, full avelghts, i.ro quotod at 10 jd. to lid. ; and light, whloh u'O rather scarcer, a'. 8id. per lb. Comontmoves off ilowly, with no chante in value, Pul tlund 1« not »tVeablo at sbire 16. to 16s. ; Roman, 12s. to 12s. 6d.; and American plaster, 14s. to 18s. pi r barro!. Cdccbo, el best qualities, atd In pruno condition, meets a fair steady sale a", from lljd. to 121/L por lb. ; f ir best English Qouda, 80. to Od. per lb. Chicory Is still In but nuderato inquiry, boat brandi not worth over 8Jd. to 8Jd. per lb, in bond. Coffoo it by no means in activo demand, and for Ceylon (plantation) not above lOJd. to lid. per lb. Is procurable ; nttlve worth Bd. toSJa, ; Java, lOd. ; an i Manilla, Od. to Old. per lb., in bond. Coiifoetloncrj h in but limited demand,, local mana, factured lo gioit meaturo suporsodtng the uta of imp ried sorts ; best assoitcd Is, howover, saleable la ama'l lots at Md. to lid. per lb., and candied peel at lud. to 131 per lb. Cordago, so.-For Manillt ropo there has boon a I c'.tor demtnd, but inquiry Is less active, although p ices an) miutmngod. Other descriptions are of 1 mlte-d 'alo. Quoi seaming ttvinols still of ready sale. Q io-«ions aro i-Europo rope, £85; Manilla («Bsortod fc.z»), £46 to £17 ; Russian, £37 to £10; Calcutta limn, £13 lo £44 per ton ; twine, loaming and roping. 14id. per lb. B * *' Navy Canvas (astortod numbors), 12Jd. to 13d. par j ard. Drugs, Chemical», ita, «re almost entirely without chango. The late extensive seizures of opium by thi CuntenT from amongst Ohlnoie cargo dex» not appoar to tnOuonos the price, or Increase tho toqulry in iowa, x1 though some »dranes is reported on tho dlmrlori f.tquented by these poopl*. Soda crystals ara of rather readlor sale, but at unaltered rates, and io other anieles no change o\n be reported, quotations re- maining ai under :-Flour of sulphur, 18s. to IBs. par ?*?' !"o,?Jbl"1,te s?f "°^"' 18s- P" owt- ! «od» cry» tal«, £816s. ; caustio soda, £18 ; sod» ash, £10 : sal. phurle acid, 4d. to 4Jd. per lb. ; opium, Patna fiï» por chest; prépare., 20a. Od. to Î8" Od. per canUUr. duty paid. ? Fish, dried and salted, aro still vsry dull of sale, wita th* exception of prime ling, walch Is of moderato sals at 6d. to tU.; herrings (whlto), Os. to 10». per flrkta. 26s to 20s. Od. per Ealr-btrrel; red, 81s. tS 8&i.; per dozi>n two dozen tías. F Flour and Grain.-The flour markot, which becaus I quite buorant and activo. In some nioasnre catual lb/ the símil supplies of wheat offorlng, and tho im. p «*sl in that stocks wero llcht, has received a chook by the arrival ol a cargo »t Sydney from California, »ni tho lnttlllge-co that «thor ships wera on thi) war tlionca, as will as tomo moro loading for Auitrallai psrts. The uncertainty of what quantity may us c imii g, in tho faoo of tho approaching htrvest, hti quite deadened the market, and provooted any forth ir rlko in prices. Barley is less ac ivo, and malting sorti emnotbo quoted at above 5s. tod. to 6s. Oats h»TJ rtmainod In steady demand at sustained price«. Sorsril 1 'rge parcelsof Danish have changod hands atCs. if titi h" bi?,? V0"?11* uP"for spoaulation, and good sa-nploi aro still hold for 6a. lu gram but Iluto Is dil«. I Bran iai easier, and now quoted at Is. 7d. per biubA I Q lotatlons aro :-Flour, per 2,0!Wlb._Tasm»nl»a, £1310s.portón: Victorian, country and town made £14 10». : Adelaide, £U* 10«. ti £14 . MwiijÄ "tí *HíW*fr ^l6-. Wheat, per'oOnÍlóoío niol, 6i. lpd. to 6s. Od.; Adolaldo,7s. ; Oallforal».. «Í ?^"8uiW; 0»f.P« «l»;-lri*h and Scotch, «I per 601b.-CSpo and Californian, 4s. Od. to 4s. 8i. . »coding, la.; malting. 6.. rfd lo 6i HaUe, per 681b., 6Ï Gram, nor ton, £12 to £12 6s. Bran, per 201b., li Tci^ Oatmeal, per ton-Sootch, £23 to'au; colonial; Drifd Fruits havo declined in value, and with ano. pi « . f frist; cDiniiig ..«, but lltt'o, If any, prospect of j<«i mutant improvement i, JJt^ly although tttad*. maud for Christmas may pruttiiy sustain pressa» i rs'f», «-liloh aro qoolM-fiB f.i]'o<r:_(Tur'iint« ti >' 'id ; Mtncatc! ta'-slts(ayor8),G»}i. to7J.;OanarIi.i I ?.i ; Turkey fig«, 6H-toCd. p.rlh,du;vn,';,lriI,lll^ ! II- ps aro again Intcfrve, and for last Vi-iA Kan- -,** SHH..X presets ni.t above Is. 44. in"It 6d 0." Ï quoted. Byauo'lon tlii,.rar'agro*ih..'fTisav1!" ! i ovo been placed at 1«. 4M. to Is. 5d. nsr lb »h«. l ii Id; English, o«, »re dull t,f n\t, oVon at' v« Î | lu» tiBUri-4 . ? i «i very '. Malt.-Inquiry has fluotutted a good des! Trt»r«i jittiat pre-ent but moderato demand, and fort..« ! samples of English not above 8i'Sl togr ¡J », I burtiol, duty paid, is proourablo. .,' p" i In xnotals thero has not been much bushiest tri»,. 1 RCtcd boyond Just tho ordinary trado Inquiry _,:* I rugated galvanized Iron meet» a fair sal«,'" st«, I lead moves off without activity. Zinc is »Un i. I limitée demand. Quotations are - Metals.-Mni_ I wood'fl patent corrugated ntlvantwd tinned, 2( »»j 28 (ranges, £36 por ton; Morewood's corrected iii vant-cd. No. 2, or untlnned, £85 dn, ; 'Tupjer's U i £54 do. ; Hkrnilton'a or other Eng'lib mak«.».1 1 £20 to £84 do. ; Scotch, £30 do. ; MorefootoV-' vanized tinned plain,-26 and 28 r»uges, SSO do . Tn«' , per's or other Knglish maker's, £8lto£88do. .*i»_-k . di., £20 to £30 do. ; rod and bar, best Staflord-hii. I (.rands, BBII,£10to£lldo. ; do.;S¿otoa,£9do -Tia ¿IB do. ; sheet, assorted, £14 to £15 do. : angln'-íií »' £18 do. : hooo. £12 do. : nie. £8 10a. ,ln . «¿LiiîïVi I'lock, la. 60. to Is. Bil. per lb. ; plate«, oharco»! If? plates, charcoal, IX, 17} to 20 per cent advance. Wr; -Fencing;, black, £1310s. per ton : fralianlzed. Kn. J ti 3, £18 to £20 do. Zlnc-Rollod, light, «Oner ton. do., naUs, £2 8s. to £'J 10s. per owt ' " ? Turpentine, 18s. por gallon. White load, beat w. to 80t. ; red lead, 24s. to 27s. po' owt. ' °l 01 min'« atores have beon in fair trade denand tkt i cblof inquiry being still for lib. j .ma and b »tiled fruits j the latior e( which tre vtry toarco, and by auch« , have boon p'accd at 16s: Gd. per doztn. Quota ! tiona aro:-Blue, thumb, 9d. per lb,; narry powder quarts, 18a. to 14«. per dozen; traill boulai1 quarts, 12s. to l?s. Od. do. ; Jams and lelllcs, Ub thu' Ho. to 12s. do. ; lobsters, lib. tins, "merloan, 7« j«.! I macaroni, 8cL per lb. ; vormlcolll, white, Naples' ui Geno», 7d. do. ; mnetard, In bulk. No. 2,7}_ do. : da lo lib. bottles, 12s. per dozen; do., in ¡lb. bottle I 7s. Gd. do. ; oysters, oresorvect, lib. tins, 12«. nsf dozen ; io., 21b. tins, 18a. do.-; pickles, pints, 7a to 8. rd. do. ; salad oil, pints, Ile. Gd. per dozen; do., hd[. pints, Gb. Gd. to 7s. do. ; salmon, proservod, lib. t ni 17s. do. ; sardines, halves, 9s. Gd. do. ; quarters St' 6d. do. ; b»uco\ assorted, half-pints, 9s. do. .' ii' Worcestershire (Loa and Perrins1), 18s. do.; itaT, (dolman's), 6}d. per lb. j vinegar, browo (Ona«. plon's 24), 2s. to 2s. C4, per gallon ; do., concentrât »i quarts. Os. Gd. to 10s. per dozen; white trine, la, a' to lr. 9d. per gallon. Quicksilver.-D<mand more. Prices quoted at fra» 1«. Od. to Is. lOd. per lb. * Rice.-Tbo holders of the bulk of this article hariar arrangod pilcos among themselves, which the trait hesitated about giving, business his been llantei ia this article. Improved activity has, hoirever, Utolv arlson, and siles at £2210a. for large, and £2310». p«. ton for small parcels of Pa'na have been offected. Salt having boen all bought up ou spoculatlo« higher prlcos have been demanded Süd procured. Per Llvorpool fine, £6 6s., and for coarse £3, per toa hil been procured, but the holdors d) not seem to trhn to press Bales at these rates, expecting to obtain till higher figures. Slates.-ConBldertblo arrivals have taken plsce, tai sales ara not readily effected. Tho prices quoted are Duchesses, £16 to £1610a. ; countesses, £12 10«. ti £18 ; ladies, £610s. to £G Os. per thousand. Spirits.-The market bas shown no degree »I animation, and beyond a limited trade demaai, tho extent of btuduess has been light, and priest I generally barely supported. Brandies are ralbar casier. Burns maintain their price, but are not la much requoit. Whiskey and old tom are both d di of salo. Gonova In moderato »quest, but nits. | tho heavy supplies of thlt article comlnr. forsr«! prices ara not very firm. Quotations are :-SplriU (In bond). -Brandy- Martell's, »ark, Of. lo£ to i I0s.;p»le, 10s. Od. por gallon; Hennessy'sdo.l9s.l)i. ti i 10i. ; palo. 10s. Cd. to 10s. Od. por gallon; Otard'i, 9s. GcL do.; United Vineyard Proprietors' Co a. pffly's do., Os. 8d. ; Champagno vineyard Pro I prletora' Company's do., 9s. Gd. ; pile, 10s. ; Vint. ; growera', 9s. do. ; Leger Froros, Os. do. ; other amil, do., 5s. to 8s. 6cL do.; pole, Hennosay's, 60s. te 3% ! nor dozen case ; do.. United Vinoyard Propncton1, ', 26s. do. ; vinegrowors^25_to2G_do,;Ohampagnei7hs. I yard Proprietors' Company's, 25s. to 26s. do. ; Lager ; Freres,24s.to26s.do.;Olouxeau's, 23a. toils,do. Qsaen I -JDKZ or key brand, 9s. Od. to 10s per case; do., do., ! 6s. 6d. to 7s. nor half-ca*9 ; do., othor brands, Sa.uL J to 9s. per cass. Oin-London old tom, best brands, it. p r gallon ; do., do., 12s. Gd. por doun. Ram - _ast India, 20 to 80 o.p., la. Od. to 2s. 31 per ) gallon ; West India, 10 to U o.p., 2s. 7tL to 2». 9d. do. ; i do., 20 to SO o.p., Sa. 6d. to 8s. Gd. do. rfiilskev -Ititi. Mohan's, 8s. Od. do. ; Scotch, best, 8s. Od. do. ; is,, beBt brands, 12s. 6d. per dozen cue. Sugar.-Exton elvo operations havo caused a ttcadr advai.ee on the late very low rates ruling Holdm aro firmer, and quite prepared to maintain their I a proved position. The lost sale of Mauritius effsctt I was the cargo of tho Madras yesterdsy, which retll ti the following prices:-£22 2s. Gd. to £2210« f r 1)» rations ; £24 10s. to £25 10s. for brown ; £31 for fair counters; £32 to £32 6s. for good do. ; iS:i 103. » £?4 16 . for yollow crystals ; £37 to £.7 2*. ftl fit tillite i>o., duty paid; making a total ndianco, «ion the improvement set in, of quito £4 por ten; »ni ti the destruction < f tbo crops at Manilla v ill compul Hi uso of other descriptions, no relapso in prices is likely to ensue. Toa,-Messrs. Everard and Co. furnish the follower report:-"A very large amount of business hat ban transacted in tea during the month, but we hin again to report a decline in most descriptions of o in ios. At first the declino was only apparent on low Taysljn and very ordinary Fuochow, but tho reaction renhsl othor descriptions up to ' blackish leaf In stronj'oi tho 8tli inntabt, when the market was completely up ict by a sale at auction of the Kahlamba cargo without rctcrve, the importer having iel used by pi Inn con- tract cnsldorably more money sonu tlin-jumvii'Uly than waa realised at this sale. Othor kli ds maali without much chingo, but tho knowledge nf nitrir 2,600,0001b. weight being on the water doet not teal to make bu)crs particularly anxious to pur han oven at present reduced rates. The foliwlui; -tin hy auction havo taken placo «Ince our lu.: ¡j»pt. 28.-260 packages damaged, per KingfKhsr, Canton gunpowder and scented oraige prk if, toll at Is. 3»}d., and hysonskiu at 7}f. Oc. 5.-2)1 packages damsgod, psr Energio, congous sold at fro« > (Id. to Is. 4d., and gunpowder Is 2d. vi Is. 41. Oct. T. -00J packages fancy teas, pir Kitigfl-tier, but mu sold ; alto 762 half- chests Junk teas, tor »bick tile-* waa no offer. Oct. 13.-Too cargo of tho Kalils-atii, consisting; of 1,410 chostB, 2,051 half-chasls, all sold it a reduction of ljd. to 2d. on chests, and Id. oa ti lit chohts; ciicsts from 'good ordinary' to 'Int middling; blnekinh leaf, rather strong,' sold at from Ii. 2jd, tu Is. 4Jrl ; and half-cnetta of Very goode, intoii to good common flavoury sold at from Is. /ki. w li. «¡a. Oct. 10.-500 bixoa younghjsm and 70-ltulf oliests Junk toa wotooffered ; a portion ol tho latter sill at 7d., and somo o( tho Yonng IIys)n-f.-o»h burnt tavankay hind -sold privately at ab mt 1» PJI.,bea; nflight reduction on previous rates. Black ret». Soma la-go transactions havo tikon pla» in cogo li at a reduc.ion on common to blackish 1 -nf, ntbsr «Hong, of 2d. por lb. ; above that quality Hu Inunc- tions have beon fow. and at about previ ins rat», D10 market prior to tho sale by auction of t'ic ctrei per Kabhunba, had assumed a firm tone, in til-' '-oust for our own trade and oxport bad made a brisk con mencement, but this salo cast a damp on vno market, f re m which it his barely recovered, altb,ugh soveni .mall parcels had boen rcsitd on ths marlu' at an advancs on sale prices, h-f Taj- ihn congous aro nisi decidedly ohewper, 1,000 ha'f-casiti having bo;n sold at Is. to 1». 2d. peril. \Vjcip):t to f-eo this kind of tea neglected when i\nn i< plsslf of Foo-Chow leaf. Scented orange pekoes havo bin in more demand, but we cinn.it quoU stiv advice) ONcept on the lowest quality, which hat s'igh'.lr Im- proved. Oreen teas have beon dull ths whola of tai month, and »hen sales hare born made, lower prim have bren takon. Hysonsklns are no* in the in i'kit as low aa 8d. per lb., and young hyson«, In iialf-clmt', at Od. Cinton gunuowders havo also beon mora diffi- cult of sale; true kinds of green aro not In K>nrf stock, bit the demand is smtlL Oompar.d willi tal previous month, tve find a declino of 2d. t>2}d. pjfl1). un low Tayshan congoun. Id. to Jd. per lb. oa vkj ordinary to Muck:sh leaf kinds, a diclluoof 21. norh, cn common, In boxos, and » reduction on all dd edi- tions of green f Id. to 2d. p?r lb." Timber Bbows no Improvement. Deals are still ver/ dull of salo, and cannot be quoted at above 4JL ps: foot far 9x8 for red. By »ucti vi the fl.lst of Ameri- can lumber have boen largo, and havo pasted eft vita improvement. At the last auction sale the fa lo <j»I were the prices procured :-lia. shotvtitg, £10 to fill ts. Od. ; lin. W.P.T. and G. flooring, £9 St. to £07«. Od.; lin. rough clear pine, £12 l61. ; 21». do, ¿li; .'lin. do,, £127s. Od. ; lia. clear pine, planed, fiHíi»' 2ln. carponter'sdo.,£l0-i Gd. ; lill). Land (J. sprue 1, £6 17s. Gd. ; 6 x .Iii. T. and G. spruce flooring, Ht 6d. to 10s. 9d. ; 4fc sawn laths, 21» to 22». Tobacco.-The market remains veiy finn, »nd fir god qualities thoro is a ready sale at fully quill! prices. By auction, tho annexed prices have bin obtained:-Aromatic, half-pounds-Peter Olris, ti- to 4s. 0}d. ; Imp »rial, 4b ; Sir Frandi Drake, if. ; Vlppin, 4«. Id. ; do., all fault*. 8s. 8d. net lb. ; '«( nuund lumps-Prldo of Havannah, 4t. ; Jones, li ', Watson's Pioneer, 4s. ; Webb »nd Whltled, 4s. 2L ! tiarrou'a, 4?. ; Barrett's, 4s per lh. ; for fancy kinds-« Atlantic Cabio, 4s. 4J4. ; Hose Uiit, 4s. OJd. to ii Id. ; Planter's Bride, 4s. 0}1. ; Bouquet twist, 4«. U per lb., in bond. In other imported goods no chmrsi itaa-e occurred. Quotations »re as follow :-tari*, « (k1, to Os. ; toiiB, 2s. Gd. to 8s. ; halves, Sa. 2d. to St Od. per lb., In bond. Wines continue very dull of sale, but prices vary « txtonslvoly, according to qualities and tait«, a« w t»"' t eut the possibility of affording correct qurtationi. MELBOURNE MABKBT8. FaiDAr, Oct. 28. Thk Mills.-Tluiinoas has been lesi active W« week ; the trade, howsver, continue to purchase (retir, but prices are scarcoly so firm »s when last quo- el Victoria silk-dressed fl-rar is quoted at £14 10t. I»r 2,0001b. ; bran, Is. 7d. ; poUard, Is. Sd. ; Victoritn grown wheat bought at from ia. Od. to 61. 01. ?>< buihoL ... ,, RBt-n.^CAEr_rfS.-Batc¡he^«, Me»t-Boef, 4X lo ii per lb. ; mutton, 8J4 to EM, do. ¡veal, 74. to 81. a».. porat, Bid. to id. do. Poultry.-Turkoys, 10a-to UJ each; r»o»e. 12a. to 14s. per pair Í duoks,7s.6d.. t»w do. ; fowls, 6s. Gd. to 7s. Gd. do. ; rabbits, Ja. to li. w brace; batter, froth, 1». to If. Id. psr lb. ; s<g«, It, to Is. 2d. per dozen; bread,74. to 84. the ti loaf ; milk, 61 to 74. par quart. . H-T Markbt.-Tho supply has been oomparatiMif moderate ; »nd the improved weather htvlng lnduo ) 1 »1 increased inquiry, sales have beon more readily "¡M"\ and better prices seoored fir b .th hay and straw, ia» rates obUlned aro as follow :-Best hay, £6 "'. ; second class and inferior kinds, £4 4s. to £5 I5i » straw, £8 to £3 7«. 6d. per ton. , , , Bastürk Maekst.-Tne supply of vegetables, ii ttrf prodnco, and poultry at markot on Wednesday mo«' ing w«_ moderate, andwell-supparted prlceiwere i.s« rally obtained for all (articles of g-od markoUbla«) icriptlons. Thefollowlng were the ruling prloes:-> «». tablea :-Asparagui, Is. per 100; bows, broao", ii. ]>tr lb.; beet,Id. to la. por dozen; bouquets, ii to 9s. per dozeo; cabbages, 2*. 04. to toW.*>lll¿ carroU, la. to It. 6d. per down bunches ; caalitwwjrt, 2«. Gd. to 81 per dozen ; celery, Î«. to *<\- P" do_ra;-jr»t*rorte», OU to 9Í per dowa «"»»*>" »«TMTsdlih.SKtoas.'pn' dozon »ticks ; lavcnde-.ls. Mr doaon .anches ; leek, lOd. per donn hunnhe« ; kiluce, id. to 6d. per dozen î marjoram; li. per donen ïrÈches ¡mint, 8o. pt>rd«zen bunches ; onions (given), ti lo Is. per doren minchen ; parsley, Od. to 9d. par Snien hunches; parsnips;'-*. 6d. per doren bunches: «ar i_1. to 3d. per lb. : potatoes, fis. «d. to 7s. 6d. Jrrcwt. ; do., «young, 4d. per lb. ; »dish, 4e_ to M. Îu dozen bunches; rhubarb, Is. 6d-to 8s. ptr dozen ilícita; sage, la- Fir down bunches; thyme, jj p-r dozen buw'hes; turnip", 2s. to 2s. (li. por ¿oien bunches. Fruit.-poo-« b nl.p, Is per quart, S,irj Prrdut».-Butter, lOd.-to Is ptr Ib.; tli,.;w, tí ; or lb. ; duck«, 0?. to 7s._ per r^alr; rires, ' ,,""._,_ . - - - pig», ila euch : lurliejs, 16s. to 22s. per pair. Wooi. Talww, akd Bides.-Messrs. J. H. Clough »id Co. repe.it:-"WooL-The Madres, with the »m.ust European mails on board, mehed nota«- n'a lay with nioio than punctuality to timo o-i the loítlní of SsturdKV, Ilia 10th inst., and the in Mllgf ne* which wnsthi s brt light to bai d of tho post tor, cr tho Lmdonw. ol markei I« rrgarded in toil tiimtiyaabti gfati'factoiy boUi by venders an J j,ui Mierr, and win, io doubt, reaulr, in alugcr __.._t ,'| bntiucr-t) being iK'iiu In this market thin :£ a at ch HileradvMic-ilael be-tu lep. ittd at »lio b in >i- te, j Tt!.hv.ouldp'«b«l)'yIiavo bad --be iff cttf I cudi g ' (tairs htm to b.ck i.pon f at h advsuoj as 'pteulativr, ind have rccore'irglj limited their cpc- ratioiip. No mellon salo ha» }W Mon held in l Ms marka, tho ii. lay uliich has aiisen being afributnblo role'y to tho I <t that tbo tccout h avy rains and rcpust.d Jil els havo kept the »ool b?ck; no Ult!rj, cemp.-ra tl\ilytp«kliig, haslnfict jet fe und Ps «ay Iii t-, 'ho itiriathit it h» been thought adv.s.bloto v.^l-, mun ilic weather hivbg beat:.- moro scitlrd h.r¿ni »-. mils will havd taken place-. In th-i i-b-ctice, t ur ?oro, ot salis, our r*p .n la, ne oSR»iiy,a i,l..rtit,n ol Lut month's. Iti'iio« prcbsble that any voc I j¡ l hs<ffered for s mo lew cay-t to com-, atti ou.-h «u lue re eivcd information ot Iargr qnatitlilu I» mj on tier way down to is frcm the Darling ord Mu ray illit lit« by rivtr stamen i-b a' o fiomihow htern dis ilct, where Bh.aili g can bo snU 11 hato little t, ora (linn commtnctd, and from other 1 calitlo-, W* < on tli ne to rcctivfl assursrices of our forn cr rt te irei ts as to ti o supeirleul y of tbo c Ip if thi- u sson our that of prsvlous)tats. Many of our lil lids In fcmi ui lint tho/ owfldently nnlicicaln grcatsr ti H ht aid btttsrqualty . han avernge ylolelf, o-inu It Ihc favourable ilmsclcr of iho rrason ; rmd thoso f» >, ukon ia connox on with tho ercouraplrrr na «a milled irem Loudon, will uo d->ubt luvo ilia iffaot c1 procuring a fair ennpetition In this m»ritt, as mliiosin, good-conditioned wool will alwsjs om mid Mtenti n fr m our buyers. On tho 12th and 1Î h of Nove moer the. first runtalocf tho season will le teldru our store», tittehkha numlior ef sheep ol ti ehest c ntinentnl brredawill bs e tiered. As the t inierdny lb ena if tres, solocttd for the Port Fhlh j J« u ern' St'ilet)'s Eho*, it is anticipated that-from tbo clTtuotsUnco of mist of the pi Irelpal lloctemasters being in town at that lime-a wirra competition wi 1 to n anllcftcel, as tho wonl-growtrs ol Victoria are c duesrbsiomlnginoio Impreis^d with thoidvartigo c1 crosslrg t-lclr Ducks ni.h puro imported blood. Ilio Cuitomn o eataoc-s of tho me nth btvo been tea luïws f.r tho weiki ending-September 20. 117,4:71b, viluo £10 285 ; October 3, 4S,3011b., T.iue £.1,650; October 1», 06,4171b, \mtio £7,327; tel»!, 807,206 h, valus £C7, 12 ; add pr.vi ii (.hip. Betts from 2 th Srit mb r, 18G2, to Sept mbsr lo. 18(3, ¡9,820,0311b, vsluu / 82,150 ; tttal, ÏU.IS i.S ¡eli ' «luo £1,C8B,2(I2; as sfali.r.-, th.i atiinctnu iTiLe pittleus eca-on of 1K01 0.', 10,271,(90Io., %alt:o £1,100,612; ih.wingr »« Ircrcaso in tlio dnpt-i-n s frim this poit of 8,83ä,14C!b., vnluo £i1l',75 . Ibocnly shlpwhlch bai learcd ont lineo our lvr. re lerthsB bee« tho Kotfolk, on tho 20th ¿enterrir-er. tr.ih 630 bales c1 «oui. The 11.1, ot Judah mil t.l.e I.'ghtiinrr aro now at Geelong loading «col. T.-i ow. -In this market wo havo no alterations to role Wo ii nut repeat our last mo -th'« quotations, Milch niui-t leuudcratrx.il ai beleg purely nominal, for ¡hero is I thltg doll g which Cou d bo used as a fi«j quits» lien ; tay for low beif aud mixed, frcm £'8 to £32 ; |.ied bcif and tüxcd, from £¿3 to £87; aid best mied and mutton, at from £?8 to £41 per ton. The îufclk cleared oui on tho ïûih ult. «Hil 18te_Eks of itllcw. Hi es-11.0 thlrmoi.ts of tho month hav.i I nu considérable, but entirely on owners' account. We tuctoBalcstorcportlnthlBicarko'. ïhe Maid if Judah 1«, already t ken on board about 10,0^0 bido , mid the Korfolk ib ut 4,t'C0 Liles aida lot ct c.lf kins." Jl.tsra. It. GolJibrough and Oo. report :-" Wool._ At the c rnspocdini p.rlid if lait 5 car wo had tho ilrnnro cf mnoiiLcing the cotumouccment of the Hbourro saluj, and disp. f-al of a fair q.anlitj of -eel a. very nnumerativo prijts to tho growers. This f.icn, h.wovtr, wo are not bo fortunato a' to bo ablo to ¡tpert iba opemlig of buuiiicas, tau delay being altributahlo ti tho tery Buveirc and unexpected fa 1 ol' ran of tbo pisS Ho or three weeks, which has boon almost g-neral throighout th» colony, thus n llg.dy delaying shearing operations. On many Miras sutlers hava por.l ns of their ii .ckj ! th in, and cannot prccco''. In consequence of the i feeds and severo wo.iher ; whilst on otho», whora * tleulrghas been completed, the almost Impassible ; stale ol the roads bas prevented the fornardlug of the \ clip to ruaikct. Under these UrcmmUicfB, It h is í tan deemed advlsablo lopcbtpone tho oporirgaabi 4 fe a few di)', in îrd'r to give the growers afel- op " fonnnity of goltieg their »od to markot in tima t> * te elTercd; they will, thercloro, not cominanoo J mill tho firnt or sccona week in November. By ! tilt t'mo wo sha.l hato a largo quantity fur the '¡lui cet kn ot buyers, who already havo bion ox i ituilng tho clips we have in our warehouses, and 5 stlcce every dcalro to operate with spirit, providing * ti ey eau c"o so at prictB proportionate to those of tho ? lene market. Wo havo not as yet received any of th-s l more Iawui ile brmcls, those wo havo in ntoio bcltur ! generally of a medium quality. So fir ss wo havo ; itw, hu» t ver, the) aro well grown and long stapled, ; and augur favourably for tbo genoral condition of this ' vein's ¿to'.vlh. îho lo'loulug khlps bava eloarcd during; ! the mouth with woo, on board :-Sept. 28, Norfolk, lor l"i d- n, 030 bales; Oct. 13, Prince of Vf uti, do., 8'15 do ; Mi), 1,105 ba'e-. I'retbu« sl,lpnn.ril8, t-S,8»t li iIbh. 'ii tal ooc year, Oct. 25, lt02, to Oct. i.5. 1E0J, S'âSO luleu. Prices Currtnt.-Grei.r-v-lnf.il. r tu ¡>r."iivy, V. tnSd ; ordinary to tveracv, 8Jd. toMd. ; at ti ago to mporior, Pd. to 1«. Piece-Interior to o.ii i»r¡, la. 2d. to Is. 4d. ; ordinary to nvc- gt». Is. 4d. to Is. 7d ; gund to superior, neno i ffor ing Scoured-Ordinary, Is. Bel. to Is. Od ; ir o I, Js 7d. io Is. Pd.; supotiir. Is. lOd. to 2s. 'l..oss "quotitl.ns aro almost noiuiiiai uniil prices arc t-xod by tho auction sales. Hides.-Dm lr)g tho pin ni nth * several parcoli bavo been i hipped oncurirs'ie ouns, «tncaro towen board the following vr>««ls, lime of .irrich have as yet «»lied:-Lightning, 0 040 hide i and !1,!S0 calfskins; Omar Pasha, 13 182 hides; MMd uf Pñce,'l,"262'do."'Tu'taV4ltÍ4trhícíesUi'r.d 1,330 ca'f iLinL Purchasers for lilli ment htt'l rcfusu t> tiente at tho prices nskcd by curen ; como I qí ntly not a el' gio fa'o or a large quantity ha i tu» e under our notice during the month. Quosa ncrs aro about, as follow :-Country wet salted, small !u»,8«. tolOs.eacn; largo lou, cure-d and In thorough j ih'fplrg urdo»-, say 11«. to 18s. o»ch. Tallow - During; ? I the Hicmh the tallow market has continued do I eiied, thoro hrirg little on no inquiry, cillier for etlonlal uso cr shipment. Fcr the latter purp >s. injerí, complain that pi Ice* naked are too high u ii ow of a fair margin for pre fit, consequently all Um*, Iii boen shipped ha- been on curera'account. Tho i ewing rbip» havo oltared during tlio month :-lior Ii Ir, 184 corks; Prlcco cf Wales, 208 do.; total, 462 ii ikt. QiK.t> tiona-Iioi f, £24 to £80 per ton ; mixed, iii to £JS ; mutton, £80 to £40. Labour Mahkht.-Tnisnuvket continues quito un ?1 tied, as although in soate Instance those compelled IbKCklmmodiato teivlco aro wil ing to ongsge at re ttttd puces, thofo e. aWed to remain uuemiloyol »IU not accept any rcdu't'on In tho reported currant t"e>. Tho continued fi'l of rain hta not only pro lilted any Increased employ, but in some tf tho low li ii k districts has caused the temporary dismissal of Imli cuiplojed fot cgr.cultural purposes. A fow ,1 nrled couples havo been er gaged for up-country i> nice, and tome engagement's havo been mado with T.b.t aro termed rough country hands, for fencing. Se, but tlicro has not been crercrally any improved i emend fur labour of any kli.d for country employ. .Hile domestics are t-t'll in rcarcely any inquiry, a few .laic cooks and rai etlablo ) our g men fliiUlt gengago 'lu als In the citocllicH cf unite re, grooms, &o.; Female U< lmts aro in about tho u-ual inquiry, but in nearly 'ill Instances respectable references aro required, and jjemg »omenuntHoto supply tho requirement havo liHiiult) In draining situations. i krAMKN s Waoes nmiln ata i nary at £4 per month ,/tr all vo)ages. The supply if able soamen is about tqcal to tbo demand, and outward bound ships aro .ulled -aifhout ciUlcult) to ob oin crew«. j EXPORTS. Prtm the Port of Melbourne from tbo 13th | September to the 17th October, 1808, com ; pared with tho corresponding period of Agricultural Im S plcmenta AltMI-Soila, tons *ri«rc! and slops tunion) ore.toiis AiruR and tunmn Í ntlou .. f I huile, tons ¿trott root, lb. mt and sacks Beer | Eottlcd, gala. ¿Draught, do. , «lirait, tens ., *>cksand, tous..| -TUtsandv,ool. ?s leas .. ' Jonc«, tons looks .. Iwisandahoes'.'.! |T, bushels Blicks .. Jituhwero i BiUdlng materials *«t^r, tons ' ""aies, do. «mi »rpctxg ' I ^-..carti;! &_*, empty Spent, tous .Çbewc, do. glxry .. ¡wiairare *«»,tons , tV,l7u'Mni tottens " fttltry ' s?101 ..' ES""» S?rsoot_ io 7,468 3,021 822 1,101 100 1,737 6,o; 1,9)7 876 80,001 813 tyûl 056 1S71 0,1401 3,786 1,304 2,728 1,178 1,148 283 60S 1,716 G33 3,370 11,684 1,007, 70 384 3,682 7,004 7,181 1,080 246 2,587, 53| 266 1,186 151 110 28 116 1,808 276 820 162 2,134 607 1,182 ' 802 52,448 1.637 187 877 806 8,690 31(1 8,016 91,301 11,481 5,581 8,360 5 7 ""86 21J800 ""87 S 2,231 riih fnlui, tons ». Preserved Hour, tons IrnH Tiicd .. Creen, bushels .Furniture.. Glass Bottles .. Plato .. lindow Classai are.. CoW, ounces Crain leins & peas, but nels. M heat, do. Gum, tons Maize, bushels.. Halt, do. Cats, do. Bice, Orndciy .. Gum Curno, tons Dabei dashery pair, cwt. Hardware and ironmongery . Bats and caps . Bay, toss.. Blues, I>'o. Hollcmaio Hois Borns and hoofs Hosiery .. Bonces .. Inelaiubber good» Instruments Musical.. I Scientific I Iron, tons Jowcllory.. Kaolin .. Lead,tons It id ore, do. leather, do. leather« oro I in-o, bethels limn live stock ? Cattle, No. Horses, do. Sheep, do. Coals, do. Di g», do. Machinery Vaiblo .. Hatches and vestas Hats and ruga b cal Oat, ton Corn, do. Vital, yellow, do Milhnciy .. Hlfccllaneous .. Aloises«.« .. Nails and screws, tons hot» Nuts Car», Ko. .. Oilcloth .. Oils, gul«... Oilmen's Blores Opium Pu lins Paintings and en- gravings Papcrhangings . Peifumery i Photographic 1 gi oda .. I Muli and tar Pipes, tobacco . Phnta and seeds. Plate and plated i MU Plumbers' ware I roi al oca, tons 1 Preserves.. | Ti luting materials j Piétinons Prisoned I Salted, tons Qu c1 silver I Itali» ay materiala IUMn \ Saddlery .. Sage, lb. Salt, tons.. .. Shlpchnr.dlory .. Slates, Ko. Bilka Skins Soap,tons Spetic, gold Specimens of natu- ral hlttory Spcltor, tons Spices Spiiiln Brandy Cordials Gin .. Of wine.. Perfumed Rum Whiskey Undcscnbed .. Staicli and blue .. Station cry Steel, tens Stoneware Sugar Tal oa?, ton Tea lent» and paulina.. Timber .. Tin.. Tinavnro .. Tobáceo .. CrgtrB .. Snuff .. Tobacconists' ware Tools and utensils Tots and turnery -uipcntlne and varnish, gola. Twine and thread ?Vincrar, galo. Watrjies éi clocks Vino Wooden »rare Wool, lb... Zinc,tops.. 1,276 82Í 712,471 QjnnUUce. 669 2,146 0,400 2,714 2,000 028 1,700 1.4S0 6,170 2,465 SG3 6,20a 1» £04,640 i 780 488 604 8,414 422 25 11,112 1,802 2,024 10,621 18S 1,628 684 230 122 10,279 740 340 2,000 3,638 464 Sil 50 24 18,980 5,875 280 70 178,14' . 860 126,075 05 1,803 1,04t» SIC 4,30» 84,002 204 10,907 277 16,013 tar 3,646 1,746 40 ros 260 746 8,612 71( 1,604 1,068 81,68; 80 8,6(8 760 1,141 160 8,652 11,699 1,160 1,0111 14,468 1,848 246 6,681 407 82,826 2,781 1,261 5247 177 8,862 2,182 2,131 7 120 20 66 3,175 4,420 800 303 230 688] 8,673 GI ESO 410 1,060 81,776 20 12,818 47 2,380 22 89 8G9 1,725 937 246 0,098 897 276 21,017 6,747 20,878 878 0,891 8«2 164 29,161 8,862 28 181 1,680 179 260 70 1,28 10,401 G 1 87,643 8,416 2,622 17,836 20,801 6,000 109,677 SHIPPING 01? THE MONTH, PORT OF MELBOURNE. ABRIVAM AMP CLBAnANCES SINCE ODO. LAST StJ-MART. PL British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da. BanUh; L\, Dutch; F., French ; Oh., Chilian; P. Portuguese ; H., Hamburg ; N., Norwegian ; S. Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Bolg. Belgian; Br., Bremen; Pr., Prussian; R., Russian a.,ship; b., barque; br., brig; se., schooner; st. steamer.] Sept. ARMVBD. 26\. Evelina Rutter, A so, 230, D. Bradford, New- castle, N.S. W.-Sprigg, Twentyman, and Co. 20\. Lawrence Brown, A a., 861, G. Pearce, Otago. Boddanrl Thomson. Sd. Julia Farmer, B. a., 709, T. Williams, Tocoppl - (Chill).-J. H. Clough and Co. S7. Es'hcr, F. b., 284, S. Gtfllot, Oharonte.-Bllgh ard Bar bottle. 27\. Ocean Brido, A. b., 265, A. Milton, Otago. Osborn, Cushlng, and Co. SS. Indimoliy, B. s., 668, J. JoDhlns, London. Smith, Strachan, and Co, 20\. Indépendant, F. s,, 656, A. Laborg, Charonte, Bligh and Har bott fe. 20\. Queen Bee, B. s., 7fC,e,R. Kembali, London. Br*ght Broth ort and Co. 29\. Fanny, B. bo , 160, R. Craig, Liverpool.-Bright Brothers and Co. Oct. 1\. Marla, B. a, 747, J. Tendon, Wellington.-Cap tain. 2\. St, Ives, F. b., 28), J. Camus, Maurltluf.-It. »ni ' P. Tumbón. , I 4\. Glencoo, B. a., 746, J.S. nutton, Otago.-J. Henty i »ndCo. 8\. Star, A. B-, 1,069, 7. B. Curtis, Boston.-Newell ! and Co. 8\. Alfred, B. a,. 1,200,7. De Cartoret, London.-W. ' P. White and Co. 8\. Madras, H. b., 266, P. Y. Wupper, llauritiuf. Joshua Brothcia ,, 10\. Madras, B. at., 006, J. R. Stead, Point de Galle. J. Bparkrs. 10\. Pet, B. br., 222, J. H'Arthur, Maurltius.-J. i Henty and Co. , ' 10\. Jessie Munn, B s., 874, J, Bogers, Liverpool. Bright Brothers and Co. I 10 Formosa, B. bi,880, J. Beaton, Mauritius.- j Jrebua Brothera. l8. Staatsroad Van der Hoven, D. b., 688, T. Star. ¡ mleiitke, Rotterdam.-Cleve Brothers and Co. ia £tk, EU. st, 21 guns, J. JT. a Hamilton, Perta- ' ttcuth. i r - SO. Deipatch, B. b., 264, W. B. Litton, Mauritius. Faunluir, Nankivell, and Co. [ 20. Island City, A. b.,566, T. Smith, Otago.-Osborn, i Cnrlilng, nnd.Co.. 30\. Floienoe Nightingale, B, s., 1,200, L. Harrison, Liverpool.-Lor mer, Marwood, and Go. Seit. cr,EAnRo out. , 26 Kob-I noor, B. b., 280, A. O. Scott, Java.-Binglo i and Co. ! £0 Northam, B. .et-, 905, N. J. Skottowe, Point do ; Galle -J. Sparkes. I SO Not folk, B s., 953, B. Tonkin, London.-W. P. I WhltoandO-a. < 26\. Sea Nymph, B. b., 250, J. Blanch, Mauritius. Wni. Owstoo and Oo. : 28 Gamo Cock, A. s., 1,168, T. J. Williams, Dunedin. I -Wilkinson Brothers and Co. ! 28 Lise, T. b., 311, T. Tot aux, Mauritius.-R. and P. . Turnbull. , 29 Scharnhorst, D. b., 830, B. Hollmann, Batavia. Haoeo and Prell. 20\. Woodcote, B. b., 474, J. T. S. Flemti g, Point do i Galle.-Graham Brothors and Co. £0 Maurlee, F. b" 865, E. Evain, Mauritius.-Cap* i tab). CO. 1\. Sophia Konlng*n dor ftederlandcn, D. b., 059, I L Klein, Batavia -Cleve Brothers and Co. ! 1. L-.wrcnco Brown, A. s., 861, J. Plorce, Otago. j Dodd «nd Thomson. . 2. Pegasus, B a, 1,188, J. G. Godwin, Point do < GaUe.-Bright Brothers and Co. I 3, Ocean Brider, A. b" 201, A T. Lammond, Bluff Harbour.-Osborn, Gushing, and Co. , 6. Carl, II. b , 210, J. A Heuer, Swan River.-Hac-go and Prell. B. IrdUra, A. b., C07, O. & Hobron, Otago.-W. L. I Hall snd Co. I fl. Bernard, B. s , 761, R B. Almy, Callao.-J. Henty I and Co. -7. Jan van Schaffu'aur, D. b., 586, D. von Duljn, Batavia.-Victoil» But ar Company. 7\. Kingfisher, A. t., 1,103, W. Freeman, Sydnoy. Kong Meng and Co. 7\. Marla, B. a., 747, J. Teu'on,Moulamein.-Cantal i. 0 Formosa, Br. b., 308, F. Kohler, Adelaide.-Htojre UiSttU. 8\. _r»i!a Ormbtni.B Ir., 875, A. Macrlll, Inveroir g'li-B. Towxs and (Jo. 10 les Plrts, P. D.. 454, F. Chrt a ¡cr, Mauritius. Otltv, Siimnir, anil Co. li. ViNiporn, B. t., 800, N. 8. Ilttlstiotn, Bluff Har Irur, K. 7..-Douglass De Lit'le nt.it Co. IP. Btjal Vi.ilftr, B. s, 1,!£0, T. Jours, Calcutta.^ Stlchae Is. Boyd, and Co. iC. Madras, B. st, 645, J. B. Stead, Sydney.-J. ' erarles. If. Hannah Nicholson, B. b., 262, R. Hodgson, Mui rlilu'.-Grice, Sumner, and Co. '14. White Star, B n., 2,830, J. Korr.duam.-Lorlse-, Harwood, ard Co. 16\. Kimmel, B. s., 728, J. Pearco, Calcutta.-Clev-i Brotherr and Cn ti. A'frrd.'B. s., 1,201, F. do Cartcret, Sydnoy.-Vf. P. Whl'o »nd Co. 17\. Esk, H.'-i. »t., 21 guns, J. P. O. Hamilton, Auc'f. lard, N Z. 17\. Taureau, F. b., SOS, H. lUboulot, Singapore. Giice, S' mnor, and Co. 10\. Ir.ccmnltv, B. a, 653, G. Jenkins, Guam.-Smith, Sirarban. and Co. 20\. Kerri» Morin, jp. s, 1,112, a Knight, Quain. Holmes, White, and Oo 21\. Laurence llrowD, A. s., 831, G. Pries, Dunedin. Dodd and Tbrmsou, Í1. St. Yves, F. b , Í78, J. Camu», Mauritius -B» *n I P. Tumbi II. 21\. Southern Cross, B. a,, 1,505, It O. Craig, Ca'lao. Jenner and Co. 22\. Fntrgte, F. b., 249, O. BrsiO, Otago.-J. J. Mar- shall and Co. , PASSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND BY, AND SINCE THE DKPARTURE OK, 'J BE SEPTEMBER MAIL. Skit. 2t). Northam, s.S., for Kt-Ir t tío Gallo.-Mr». IT-lmes an! child,andMcE'rs.toxtonacdHaharty,forKlngOoorgos Sieird; M"P«r« A. and R. Burehart, - Hotidy, a¡ 1 \- Self, for Ceylon ; Sir Iloniy and Lady Ba-kly (a i ; two serrants), fer Maurlt'u», vid Bivu.b.cy; M'-. P">'iro aid ser'nut, for Oileutta; Mr. z-ti Mrs Gb told, for Malt'- ; Sir Bruce Chli hosten- nnd IK fiti ort, for lla.hclllea ; Miss liark'y. Captain and M.--. S nitchie-)', Mrr. Cciks'ot and ion, ami Mr. Mite'i srt. for Eoctbanipt.in. Kcifolk, for London_Mrs. K>"rr, family, and ser- rai.'; Mr. ai'd Mrs Bonnoau a"d pnvart, Mas' r Pet ctt.Mr.Da-iII.Mr. and Mrs. Toy or, Ml Miers Mis. C-mphtll, Mr. Hutchison, Mr.O. K.ir Mr. M'Dontl', C»i tain Pnrtr'dgs, Sir. Black, Mr. a'd Mrs. Tlîakowac, Mr. Ball, Mira Omrk and rervant, Mr. ami Mrs. G3*s, ord family, Mr. Ilaich. tto Bev. P. Aimltago, P.\ Catrpbel), Mr Squires, Mr B. Taylor. Oct. 12. Prlrco of Wiles, for London.-Archr'carvjn Bab'v, Mrs Bnlvy, and suivant, Mr. and Mrn Murray Smiii b, child, nnd ser'nnt. Osptnin Morrison, Mr îirnl. Mis Cox, Mr. Msrlolt, Mr. Jones, Miss Browne, Dr. Snap-, M . Salter, Mr. Kitchen, Mr. O'Cmnor, M.. Stamp. WOOL SHIPS SAILED SINCE OUR LAS r SUMMARY. Dnte 1 of Sailing. Ship. Destination. Bales, 