ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION THIS DAY. VMam Qaim and Mite at.-At their rooms, Collins.. street, at twelve o'clock Paper, copying presses, «tpylng-books, iron water bowls, copying brushes, hlotilrigpaper, of paper, the West. FBAsrat and Cots At their rooms, Collins .. street, at half-past ousted o'clock Brandies, geneva, sherry, port, Byass's porter, oilmen's stores, corn sacks. English crushed sugar, tobacco, currants, figs, and Mr. W. W. ïnjLAcv.^-At his yards, Bourke-street, at eleven o'clock Horses. Messrs. Lewis Levy and Sons -At their rooms, Col ,'llns-strcet, at half-past ten o'clock Boots and shoes, leys, to. Mr. G WAMTAri.-At the Brighton Brewery, at ton «o'clock-Household furniture, horse?, cow, brewing ¡ntfCbils, are At the premises, Smith-street, Collingwood, at one o'clock Brick shop and residence. Mr. STUBBS-At the ground South Geelong, at one o'clock Allotment of land in Evans-street. ttJotrsTT Court Sale At the Implement-yard of Boy bLoBcn and Co., Elizabeth street, at twelve o'clock Rcsplng-rnachino. Mr. Edward B. Mohcosicb.-At his rooms, Smith street, Collingwood, at one o'clock China, glass, and earthenware, &c.; Sir. G. K. Johnston At the premises, Simpson street, East Melbourne, at eleven o'clock Furn- ture and effects. Vests. DALMAHOY CAMPBELL and Coat the Goods ; Station, Spencer-street, at twelve o'clock Carcases effect. Mr. James Iawjiakcb.-At the Australian Wharf, at twelve o'clock Gear, &c.;, from wreck of General \- Jessup. Messrs. M'CAW and ANOTHER. At the Royal Bond . Bazaar, at twelve o'clock Colts and fillies. Mr. William HURST At Bear's Horse Market, at eleven o'clock Fat calves, milch cows, fat lambs, pigs, ice care. J. Looks and Co.-At their new mart, Bourke " street, at eleven o'clock Unredeemed pledges. Xtmn. B. Plant and Co.-At their rooms, Collins street, at twelve o'clock Books. Sales by Auction; THIS DAY. 100 Cases and Bales Paper. Co Stationers, Printers, Storekeepers, and Others. O BUG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, 20th August, at twelve o'clock, 300 cases and bales paper, consisting of Double crown small hand Demy do do Large blue wove folio post Do cream wove do Superfine large blue wove post Siuelald foolscap ' EIhowovo double foolscap large creamed post 8vo Demy white blotting ' Demy printing i r Double Demy do I "? Double crown do Superfine printing double demy ' Do creaming now 1 Grey royal hadd Double crown sugar Brown imperial on Do royally Do double Imperial -. Effect royal pasteboard '' Glazed do. < Terms at sale. Catalogues to be obtained at the rooms of the auc trousers THIS DAY. Copying Presses, Copying Books. ' Iron Water Bowls, Copying Brushes. Blotting Paper, OR Paper. To Stationers, Booksellers, and Others russia and MURRAY have received Instructions UT from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, 20th August, at twelve Stock, U patent copying presses, No. 3, I, 6 6 Alwator'fl patent do S dozen copying books } do do, for Alwater's presses 2 do iron water bowls S{ do copying brushes Blotting paper, royal oil paper. Terms at sale. Catalogues at the rooms of the auctioneers. THIS DAY. For Account of Whom it May Concern. 11 Bales Paper. Co Stationers, Printers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, 20th August, at twelve o'clock, 6 bales paper, very slightly damaged. sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Terms Cash. FRIDAY, AUGUST 28. Preliminary Notice. 3IPr¿uarUsr-CasksFl;8t-quallty Brands Pale and Dark 60 Hhds. Do Do, Do. 8000 Cases So Do, Do. lEOv Cases Den ova. Portions of the Cargoes ex Suffren, St. Joseph's, St. Louis, Anna Catherine, ss, from Charente. 30 Merchants. Wine and Spirit Merchants of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Castlemaine Sandhurst, and fTBXia and MURRAY have received Instructions from the Importers, Messrs. J. W. Ploos van Aautel and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, 28th Inst, at twelve o'clock, COO quarter-casks sheds. MOO cases, Consisting of the following brands first-class and medium brandies: ' BoulUao 200 Proprietors i Imperial Brandy Proprietors Vineyard Corporation Blas I Comet Ollivier Frozen Report and Dumas I - StareloL Also, .-. 1500 cases Palm-tree geneva. - The auctioneers beg to call the attention of the trade to this sale of first- class pure French brandies, now landed and bonded Terms at Sale FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. Invoice of Drugs. To Druggists, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Frl ss, August 21, at twelve o'clock, A tunnel invoice of drugs, consisting of oil of grape and cognac, powdered galls, oil peppermint, bluestone, carbonate of magnesia, marble slabs, sodawater-machlno. To do so accounts. Noremac. Terms at Sale as FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. for Account of Whom it May Concern. Ill Bags Danish Oats. To Corn Factors, Storekeepers, and Others. j TYRE and MURRAY have received Instructions j At from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, Ex Dorothea, from Hamburg, ' 111 bags Danish oats. I More or less damaged by sea-water. sold for account of whom it may concern. No reserve. i Terms-Cain. At Eies en o'clock Each Day. Valuable Library of Standard Works, in every Department of Literature. to Sooksollers, Public Librarians, Private Gentlemen, and Others. jp 4BK and MURRAY have received instructions IT from Mr. H. E. Watts to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Wednesday and Thursday, the 2nd and 3rd September, commencing each day at eleven i Trebeck, A select and valuable collection of about 1599 books, comprising- all the best editions of the-) ' standard classical authors in all classes of 11 of nature, many of them beautifully and tastefully I bound in morocco and calf, by Zolihnsdort and Hayday.Aa,andnoarlyall now and in good condition, having been collected within the last four years. The collection on the whole is such as has never before been submitted for auction In this colony, a id comprises, among others, the i - Works of iEsohylus, Bacon, Browning, Burke, Butler, Byron, I Carlyle, Cenantes, Chaucer, Clcoro, Coleridge, De Tocqueville, Dickens, Dryden, Euripides, JFroude, Gladstone, Goldsmith, Grote, Hallam. Home, Helps, Homer, Hood, Horace, Kinglake, Kingsley, Lamb, Landor, Maurice, Mill, Milton, Jdontosqulou, Popo, Rabelais, Ruskin, Shak i . apeare. Shelley, sidney, Spenser, Sister, Kenny i ' Bon, Thackeray, Wordsworth, Pte. A classified catalogue is in course of preparation, and will be issued a week previous to the sale. Jfne auctioneers beg- to (all the attention of Aook-ooUectois to this important Bale. The books embrace many choice editions and rare works, and are all in excellent condition, many of them elaborately and expensively bound in morocco and calf by He bent London binders. Every work is the best edition of the author, and many of the editions are Tpw out of print and scarce , TO MONDAY, AUGUST 24 Unreserved Sale of Two Weatherboard Cottages la Porter-street, near Johnston- street, East Collingwood. By Order of the Mortgagee, with the Consent of the Mortgagor. J BELLIN has been instructed to SELL by AUC* TION, without any reserve, on the ground, on Monday next, 24th inst., at one o'clock, Two weatherboard cottages, each two rooms, erected on land having 66ft. frontage to Hunter street, East Collingwood, by depth of 69ft. This property is close to Johnston-street. The land is all fenced in, and is well adapted for a party seeking a atoaU freehold. No reserve. J. Bellin, auctioneer, valuer, money-broker, and insurance agent, Fitzroy Auction Mart, CO Gertrude street. FRIDAY, AUGUST 22 At Two o'clock. Household Furniture, Se. WB. NAYLOR and Co. are Instructed to SELL a by AUCTION, without reserve, at their mart, SOMapiCT-etroet, Fitzroy, on friday, August 21, at one o'clock, A. superior cedar writing table, with cupboards turn bookcase above Set of high cedar drawers 0 coronation cedar chairs, in hair, with spring seats C Trafalgar do 1 cedar couch in hair Hocking chain in do 3PtoUdirarc, crockery, china, glum, So, Bales 12 Auction. THIS DAY. Martell's Brandy. Vinegrowers' Do Central Vineyard s Do. Pi Ct an t'a Do Compagnie Imperial Ofiloj 's Port, Alto Vino Do First-class Sbcriies Geneva, Rum, c To the Merchants and Traders Generally of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beechworth, se "FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions j day from the importers, Messrs. White Brothers and Co, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Col I lins street west, on Thursday, 20th Inst, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, An extensive assortment of wines and spirits, as under, viz. 161 has Vinegrowers' brandy, dark 100 quarter casks do do, do j 10 hands do do, pale £0 quarter casks do do, do 1000 cases do do, do 25 hhds MarUVs do. dark I 20 quarter casks do do, do 360 Cases do do, pale 8 hhds Central Vineyard's do, dark | 20 quarter casks do do, do 10 hands do do, pale 10 quarter casks do do, do 20 hhds. Presents do, dark 40 quarter casks do, do w quality , firm UU aw 20 hhds Imperial do, do 500 cases Compagnie Imperials, paid 20 hhds. Offley's single grape port wine 20 quarter-casks do do 80 hhds dodcnbledodo 00 quarter casks do do 40 hhds do Treble do do 70 quarter casks do do 10 hhds do quadruple do do 60 quarter casks do do 40 hhds. Alto Vino treble do do 100 quarter casks do do 60 quarter crfksXXXiberry t 10 do Dundas hill whiskey 600 cases Kirkliston do 750 do V H &Co;*sgonova 1000 do B. R Y de 600 do Burnett's old tom 050 do Swaine Board side 60 hhds. high strength rum 20 do do do do. J The auctioneers invite the particular attention of the trade to the above assortment of really first-class vines and spirits, the whole of which, being direct shipments to the vendors, are of guaranteed quality. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. Pint Pickles, Red Cabbage, Pint Salad Oil. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Thursday, 20th August, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, £0 esses Copland's pint pickles > £0 dered cabbage 100 do pint salad oil 160 do half-pint do do. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. Six Bales Cornsacks. To Coal Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Thursday, 20th August, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, 0 bales cornsacks'. Terms at Sale. [ THIS DAY. 80 Hhds. Superior Sherry. 25 Do Port Wine. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, £3 ColIlDC-etreet west, on Thursday, 20th August, at half-past color on o'clock precisely, 80 hhds. superior sherry 25 do do port wine Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. SO Barrels English Crushed Sugar. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. 83 Colllns-street west, on Thursday, 20th August, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, 20 barrels English crushed sugar. Terms at Sale. t THIS DAY. 15 Cases Tobacco, Half-pounds. 10 Do Do, Do. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Thursday, 20th August, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, 15 cases tobacco, half pounds, Blake 10 do do, do, Doone. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. 40 Barrels Patras Currants. 20 Cases Eleme Figs. 82 Bales Gunnies. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Thursday, 20th August, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, ' 40 barrels Patras currants 20 cases Eleme Figs. Also, 82 bales gunnies. Terms at £ alo. F THIS DAY. At Clove's Bonded Stores. 42 Cases Tobacco, Aromatic 42 Boxes Do, Cavendish. 20 Do Do. ' 20 Do Do. To Tobacconists, storekeepers, and Others. TDIRASER and COHEN have received Instructions J? from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at Clove's Bonded Stores, on Thursday, 20th August, at Eleven o'clock precisely, For positive sale, 42 cases tobacco, Pleasant, twist 42 boxes do, Baker's 20 do do, A. neath 20 do do, J. J. Lewis 19 do Cavendish. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. Two Half-TIerces Tobacco. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, this day, at half- past eleven o'clock. precisely, 1 half-tierce Eagle twist tobacco 1 do Black Diamond do. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY 16 Cases Hams. 10 Do Bacon. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, this day, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, 10 cases hams 15 do bacon. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. j ? Ex Ontario. 1000 Coicb Byass's Porter. . To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. ' FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Thursday, 20th August, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, Ex Ontario, , , ' 1000 cases Byass's porter (now landing), In bond or duty paid. Terms at Sale. ' ~ THIS DAY. j 4000 Cornsacks. ' i To Coal Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. 83 Collins-street west, on Thursday, 20th August, at half-past eleven o'olock precisely, ' 4600 coriuockB, nil faults, If any. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 1000 Cues V. H. and Co.'s Genova. 10 HUds. Fort. 30 Quarter-casks Do. 36 Do Sherry. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others LEASES and COHEN have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Thursday, 20th August, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, 1000 V. H. and Co. s geneva. I Also, 30 hhds. port wine 2 SO quarter-casks do TO do sherry 2 Terms at Sale. _' " FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. ~ ' ' Important Sale of Boots and Shoes. Manufactured by James Davis and Sons . 821 Packages, ex Norfolk. Also the Balance of Shipment, now Landed, ex Tinto. F&aJsTKR; and COHEN have received Instructions from the Importers, Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 Collins-street on Friday, 21st August, at eleven o'clock precisely, < Ex Norfolk, . Manufactured by James Davis and Son, 821 packages of boots and shoes, comprising chiefly- > Grain mining boots < Stout do. pegged and branded . CsdfwolUngtons Stout police do , Calf princes boots So branded ' MomeItopE.8 boots ' i Kid top do ! , I So do, patent goloshed . , ' . Stout kip bluchers, rough branded ; \ , , | Do call do if)' Boys and youths' do Women's calf boots < i i Bo cordovan do , So kid do , ' ' i do memel do no! ! Bo cashmere do, K.S. i So coloured do, do -, i ' Orb'cashmere boots I ; Do kid and mern el do " , Children's balmorals , .. " - _ Men's Slippers , > Women's do. Also, Balance of (shipment, now landed, ex Tinto, comprising a similar assortment of goods to the above, and comprising; about 160 packages," Terms at Sale. after- by Auction. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. On Account of Whom it May Concern. I Ex Ceres and Revenue. 8-9 Greys, ToUetQuUls and Scotch Twill Shirts, * Doe Trousers, &c.; i To Warehousemen, Slop Sellers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions. from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Friday, list August at eleven o'clock precisely, On account of whom it may concern, ' More or less damaged, I Ex Ceres, MM in diamond, i 871-20 pieces 8 * grey Ex Revenue, HB conjoined over It, J at side, CBS-Three-quarter white toilet quilts 670 Do do 1,75 45 dozen white tulle'. coverS 876 Do do 677 Do do. M over MB conjoined in diamond, JOSIE dozen men's Scotch twill shirts j 2221-111 pairs boys'' doe trousers I 223a-CO do men's do. Terms at Sale. I FRIDAY, AUGUST SI. | Damaged Portion of the Cargo of the Notre Dame de' Victoires, from Calcutta. i At No. 2 Customs Shed, Queen's Wharf; | M J7 Bags Patna Rice, More or Less Damaged by Sea water. I And, Immediately afterwards, ! At No. 6 Shed, Australian Wharf, 1100 Bags Patna, Rice, More or Less Damaged by Sea water. All Sold for Account Who is it May Concern. To the Merchants and Traders Generally of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beech worth, c. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers, Messrs. R. and P. Turnbull and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at No. 2 Customs Shed, Queen's Wharf, on Friday, August 21, at eleven o'clock precisely, The damaged portion of the cargo of the Notre Dame de Victoires, from Calcutta, At No. 2 Shed, Queen's Wharf, 177 bags Patna rice, each heart. And afterwards, at No. 6 Shed, Australian Wharf, 1100 bags Patna rice, each event. All landed from the above vessel, more or less damaged by sea-water, and sold for account whom it may concern. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. Ex Webfoot. 62 Packages Kerosene lamps. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their upper rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Friday, 21st August, at half-past ten o'clock precisely, Ex Webfoot, 62 packages kerosene lamps, comprising Bronze and lacquered lamps Band do ' GlobfB i Shades Chimneys, be. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, AUGUST 21. , 60 Cases Tobacco, jib. 26 Do Do, do. I To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at the Customs Shed, Australian Wharf, on Monday, 28th August, at (Eleven o'clock precisely, Ex Webfoot, 60 cases tobacco, lb., Ivanhoe I 25 do do, do, Does Your Mother Know You're > Out. Tems at Sale. MONDAY, AUGUST 24. At Zander's Bonded Stores, Immediately after the Sale at the Australian Wharf, Ex Ocean Rover. 16 Cases Tobacco, Half-pounds. 10 Three quarter Boxes Do, Toes. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Others. j FRASER and COHEN have received instructions. from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at Zander's Bond, on Monday, 24th August, at about half-past eleven o'clock, to follow sale of tobacco on the Australian Wharf, Ex Ocean Rover, 10 cases tobacco, half-pounds, Ivanhoe 10 three-quarter boxes do, team, Eliza Orr. Terms at Sale FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. Auction Sale of Drapery, Underclothing, Hosiery, Straw Goods, Dress Stuffs, Hats and Caps, Stops. To Warehousemen, Slopsello», Drapers, Outfitters, Buyers from the Neighbouring Colonies, Dealers, and Others. WADE and GOWAN have been favoured with instructions from the Importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Collins-street west, on Friday, 21st inst, commencing at eleven o'clock, The following seasonable and useful goods, comprising Ladies' modern straw hats Bo Whitby and Buckingham do so fashionable fancy dresses Bo stays and belts Do fancy skirts In rep, wincey, and net Black glace and fancy Beaufort ties Women's white cotton hosiery men's brown cotton half-hose ladies' fashionable plaid shawls White counterpanes Infants' and girls' straw hats Boys' and youths' boating hats Men's angola Crimean flannel shirts Bo and boys' cloth caps Bo super. French felt hats Boys'supor. doe trousers Men's woollen Bedford cord trousers Gentlemen's super, black cloth suits So do ribbed cloth sacs Do do diagonal doe suits Do do fashionable door and tweed vests Hen's fancy mole trousers Bo Scotch cheviot Butts. The above will be sold in lots, or by the package, to suit all buyers. Terms at Sale. 61 MONDAY, AUGUST 24. Extensive Sale of! Superior Boots and Shoes. Good Suitable for the Coming Season, Of the Well-known Manufacture Messrs. Bostock and Co. By Order of Messrs Saml. Topp and Co., Merchants. To the Boot and Shoe Trade of Melbourne and Suburbs. To Buyers from Geelong, Ballarat, Castlemaine, KIL more, Sandhurst, Portland, are. WADE and GOWAN have been favoured with instructions from the importers, Messrs. Saml. Topp and Co to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Collins-street west, on Monday, 21st inst., commencing at eleven o clock, A very large assortment of new goods by the above well-known manufacturers, comprising Men's long and short wellingtons, round and square toes So kind leg elastic side, calf goloshed do, do Hen's hot and brand ed boots Youths' and boy, b' bluchers. Ac. Women's kid leg, elastic-side, channel and welts Women's black and coloured cashmere, elastic side Girls' kid and cordovan boots Infants' halmo rain. so. Sample will be on view before the sale. The auctioneers have much pleasure in announcing; this sale. The goods are well known, and need no comment. The trade are specially invited to attend. Terms at Sale. _ FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. SIC Doors, 500 Sashes. 2000ft. Shelving, 108 000ft T. and G. 174,000ft. Clear Pine, 140,000ft Spruce Deals. 2000ft. Hickory, Ash, and Maple 00,000 Laths. I KO ROE THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUO _ f TION, on Hutchinson s ground, Australia Wharf, on Friday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, A cargo of American lumber, viz. : Ex North America, 65 door, life ,3x7 CO do, do, 2.10 x 6 10 26 do, do, 2 816.8 15 do, do, 210 17 300 pairs, 9 x 18, glazed window sashes 140 do, 6 x 10, unglazed do 120 do, 16 x 12, do do 100 do, 15 14, do do 40 do, 1916, dodo 18,050 pieces white pine shelving, 260 880ft. 9407 do do, T. and G., 107,271ft» 1407 do its. clear pine, 1800ft, 12ft to 18ft lengths HOC do like. dodo, 29,65 1t, 12s to 20s do ' 8860 do wild do do, 04 148ft., 12ft. to 20ft. do 300 do 2r. do do, 3000ft, 12ft to 20ft do 300 do him to 8s. do do, 87,4 7ft, 12ft. to 20ft di 1082 do lin. to 2in. hickory lumber, 11,085ft 183 do lin. to 2in. ash do, 66ft ' 116 do lin. to 3in. mapto do, 250ft 110 425ft. spruce deals, 73) 818, 0 x 3,10 X 3, 14 x 8,12 x 3, assorted lengths 60,000 laths. Terms, liberal, declared at sale. We call the attention of the timber merchants and trade generally to the above cargo, which has been landed in very fine order and condition, Is of wor first rate quality, and was all stocked during the tin is rather ' Each lot put up will be positively Sold to the highest bidder. Geo. Thomas and Co., 104 Collins-street west. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. t American Glazed Sashes. ' ' GEO. THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION on the Australian Wharf, on Friday, the 21st August, at eleven o'clock, Ex Queensland, from New York, CO pairs glazed window sashes, 12 lights, 8 x 10 400 do do, do, 16 x 1500 do do, do, 16 x 14. Terms, Liberal, Declared at Sale. THIS DAY. Victoria Horse Bazaar, Important Sale of 180 Horses, Direct from the Station of H. Ricketson, Esq ; Edward River. To Buyers for New Zealand, Gentlemen Requiring a First-rate Hack, and Others. WW. TREACY has received Instructions from H. Ricketson, Esq. Barratta Station, to SELL by AUCTION, at his yards, on Thursday, - 20th August, at eleven o'clock, SO bones (the third draft from the above), broken and unbroken, consisting of heavy draughts, b the imported, horse Olive Branch, some very: superior cobs, and upstanding hacks, etc. The above lot are in splendid condition, and will be found on inspection to be the boat lot that has been t the market for the last 12 months. Without Reserve. Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. To the Boot and Shoe Trade. Joel Edcns's Celebrated Men's Goods. Waterman's First-class Ladies' Goods, Under Instructions from their Sole Agent in the Australian Colonies, Mr. David Rannard. First Shipments of Spring Goods. Now Landing. Ex Queen of the South, Tinto, and Star of India. JOHN LEVY and SONS are instructed by Mr David Rannard, sole agent in Victoria for Mr. Joel Edens and Messrs. Waterman, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, li Collins street west, this day, Thursday, August 20, at half-past ten o'clock precisely, Now landing. D R in circle, 107 trunks and packages of seasonable boots and shoes, the manufacture of Joel Edens and Wat terman. Men's, ladies', and children's. First-class work. Terms and particulars at sale. Note. There manufactured goods are so wollend favourably known that it would be superfluous for the auctioneers to say more than that they will hole and to be Their usual first quality Boots and Shoes, to much appreciated by those doing a first claustrado. Any competition, they are to be sold this day, Thursday, August 20. THIS DAY. Ex Tinto On Account of Whom it May Concern. To Toy Dealers, Exporters, and Others JOHN LEVY and SONS have been instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 11 Collins street west, on Thursday, the 20th Inst, at eleven o'clock prompt, 1 case toys, assorted, with all faults _Terms-Cash._ FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. At Twelve o'clock 3426 Bags Mauritius Sugars. Really Good and Finest Counters. JOHN LEVY and SONS are favoured with instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 14 Collins street west, on Friday, August 21, at twelve o'clock prompt, 8126 bags Mauritius sugars, Good and fine counters. Sevastopol, CO, 104 bags Bonno Mere, DD, 46 do Do, V, 31 do Do, X, 18 do i Reunion, Y, 78 do Do, Z 78 de La Garde, L, 12 do Bellevue, 214 sec, at do Do, DIS sec., 87 do I Do, D 16 sec, 22 do i Bonne Mero, T, 82 do v > ; Ccnstonce, A, 78 do Megonta, B, 187 do , i Gros Bois, O, 40 do I , Bonno Mere, D, 86 do , A Bel Etang, E 38 do 6 ' Providence, K, 99 do glass 3 Grand Bale, M, 856 do Boil Etang, F, 200 do , Bal masque, S, 106 do Providence, AA, ISS do Trianon, 2 Sec, 370 do Potato Retraite, 7 sec, 838 do Grand Bale, 12 sec, 830 do Boil Etang, 11 sec , 237 do. Terms liberal. These sugars are to be sold, with anything like competition, and are, without exception, the finest Mauritius counters in the market. FRIDAY, AUGUST 20. To Close Accounts for the Moll. A Choice Lot of Small Ping Tobacco. To Wholesale Tobacconists, Exporters, and O them. JOHN LEVY and SONS have been instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 14 Collins street west, on Friday, the 31st Inst, at the elven o'clock prompt, 47 three quarter boxes Brown and Bona twelves 25 three quarter do, Thourmand's twelves 26 three quarter do, Denning and Sons' elevens. Guaranteed in prime condition. The attention of the trade is particularly requested. 3 half-tierces Lion twist. All faults. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 22 180 Cares Hill and Co's Oilmen's Stores (Late Hill and Ledger) and Other Manufacturers. For Unreserved Sale. Now Landed ex Ceres. JOHN LEVY and SONS are instructed by the consignees to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 14 Gi tins-street west, on Friday, 21st August, at I was clio o'clock, After the sale of Mauritius sugars, G S & Co. over M, 27-63-40 cases Colman's thumb blue 64- 53 - 20 do Lea and Pol runs' sauces 84-103-20 do half-pint salad oil 104 113-10 do, pint do 114-123-20 do, quart do 124-143-20 do pint pickles, assorted 144-163-10 do half pint caporn. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1. First Sale by Public Auction of Choice Havannah Cigars. Manufactured from Pure Havannah Leaf, in the Australian Colonies. On the Premises of Messrs. Wittkowski Brothers, 11 Collins street west JOHN LEVY and SONS are favoured with instructions from Messrs. Wittkowski Brothers to SUB- , MIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at their manufactory li Collins street west, on Tuesday, September 1, at twelve o'clock, Their present available stock of highly seasoned and fully-atred , , COLONIAL-MADE HAVANNAH CIGARS, consisting in all of 200,000 cigars, of the following favourite descriptions : Figaro Partagas Cabanas 1 Principe do Gales Sir Robt Peel F W Floritas i TrabucoB i . Qouchas H De Cabannss -? - Cobdona Regalia de la Reina La Valentina Higuera Primera Flor Lopez ' i ' Regalia Britannica ' Qucoas ' Cazadores And A variety of other equally choice qualities. SPECIAL NOTICE. Messrs. Wittkowski Brothers Instruct the auctioneers to remark that all the cigars represented by them as Made from pure Havannah leaf will be guaranteed by them as such. They further- more desire most specially ft observe that none will be offered for sale except meat are Fully Aked and suitable for the most fastidious connoisseur. They have no hesitation in say i ing that the Choice solee I h now submitted d will bear most favourable. comparison with the finest descriptions of Havannah Cigars hitherto imported into the colony. For the purpose of permitting the public to test the accuracy of their assertion, they will On Saturday, August 20, Between the hours of half-past 2 and 6 p.m., GRATUITOUSLY PLACE for TRIAL, at their disposal, in the luncheon-room of the Criterion Hotel, SAMPLE BOXES of EACH KIND intended to be offered at the sale by auction on the following Tuesday, to which Intending purchasers and connoisseurs are invited. This tale will present a more favourable opportunity to the trade and others to furnish themselves with a stock of REALLY PRIME CIGARS than has hitherto ever existed. A champagne lunch will be provided Catalogues are now in course of preparation. THIS DAY. Smith-street, Collingwood. Sale of Valuable Leasehold Premises, in a First-rate Situation. By Order of the Mortgagee > GWALSTAB his received instructions to SELL by t i PUBLIC AUCTION, on Thursday, August 20, on the premises in Smith-street, near to Otter street, at one o'clock In the afternoon precisely, A good and substantial brick shop and resi- dence. The premises are erected on an allotment of land, part of Portion 78, Jika Jika, having a frontage to Smith street or 29ft, by a depth of 100ft., with a right-of-way at the rear leading W Otter street, of which allotment formerly stood the draper's shop known as the " Spinning wheel,'' kept by Mr Joseph Jenkins. The building, which has recently been erected, is well and substantially built of brick, with a slated roof, containing on the ground-floor a large and handsome shop, and out-offices, and on the first floor three good rooms. The lease has about 16 yours to run at a very low ground-rent This property presents an excellent opportunity for a good and safe investment and to anyone dear ma of embarking In the same business as was conducted at the "Spinning wheel," or indeed in any trade in this first-rate position, it offers peculiar advantages. The terms of the lease can be seen at the offices of J Widgery, Esq., solicitor, 43 Bourke street west and further Information can boobtainodatthe auctioneer's rooms, 72 Queen-street. THIS DAY. Brighton. Sale at the Brighton Brewery, in Carpenter-street, of Household Furniture, Piano, Books, Colonial Beer, Brewing Utensils, Horse, Cart, Cows, Harness, and Sundries ; under Distress for Rent ; unless the Same, together with Expenses, be Previously Paid sT< WALSTAB his received Instructions to SELL by VT. PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Brighton Brewery, in Carpenter-street (tear to the Municipal and Court- house), this 20th day (thursday) of, August, commencing at ten o'clock in the morning precisely, Household furniture, piano, books, horse, cow, cart, harness, five barrels of colonial beer, _ browing utensils, and sundries. " FRIDAY, AUGUST 21 At Eleven o'clock. Dissolution of Partnership. I Paints, Oils, Colours, Gold leaf, Furniture, tie. To Painters, Paperhangers, Glaziers, and Others. JOHN GLEDHILL Will cause to be SOLD by AUCTION, on the premises, next the Chequers Inn, Bay-street, Sandridge, on Friday, the 21st hut at eleven o'clock in the forenoon, Paints, Brushes, Oils, measures, colours, varnish, gold-leaf, size, wicks, glass, diamond, drums and tops, are. ; also, household furniture. Bay-street, Sandridge. office by AviCtiOB. PRELIMINARY NOTICE of SALE At Toorak, the Residence of His Excellency, the Governor, c MR. STUBBS has been honoured with Instructions I received from I His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, E.C.B., tie.. to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at Toorak, On' Friday, the 11th September. 1868, Sale at twelve o'clock precisely. The whole of His Excellency's surplus household and other furniture, pianoforte, horses, saddlery, carts, farming and other implements. are, Catalogues of which may be obtained at Mr. Stubbs's auction-rooms on and after the Silt last. I _Terms-Cash._I THIS DAY. To Townsfolk, South Geelong. Town Allotment No. 16, of Section No. 8. I A Fine Old Grant of May, 1889, Granted under the seal of Bia (then) Excellency Sir George Gipps, c, New South Wales. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Thursday, the 20th August, 1888, on the ground, South Geelong, at noon. precisely, . All that allotment or parcel of land situate in Um > town of South Geelong, parish of Corio, county Grant, Allotment 16, Section 6, having 33ft. frontage to Fyans street, by 380ft. in depth It will be sold without reserve Terms most Reasonable FRIDAY. AUGUST 21. i To Newly arrived Immigrants. By Order of the Mortgagee. An Excellent Little Farm. Lately in the Possession of Mr. Muir. ! Viz. 56a. 30p , all Enclosed. So Persons Anxious to Secure a Small Farm near Town. i MB. STUBBS is favoured with instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his auction rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, the 21st August, at twelve o'clock precisely. All that piece or parcel of land, containing by admeasurement 66s. SOp., parish Nunawading, being Allotment A of Portion 67. adjoining the reserve originally granted to Wm. Oliver, and subsequently brought into a very fair state of cultivation by Mr. Muir. Immediate possession. . TerrjDB, liberal, at sale. Title perfect. | Note. Considerable interest has been taken in the welfare of the province of Victoria In England; and in all probability it will come in for very great a share of preference In the class inaugurated by our own Victorian Committee and the National Emigra- tion Society. Now is the time, therefore, to invest in every description of freehold property. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21 City Property, Next Door to the Manchester Arms, Little Bourke-street Just the Thing for on Industrious Tradesman. Kow a i Saddler's Shop. Tlf B. STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor t3 J/L SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the rooms, 81 Collina-stroetwcst. on Friday, the 21st August, at twelve o'clock precisely, All that valuable city freehold property, compris- ing Shop and three rooms, situate in Little ] Bourke-street, having 66ft. frontage to Mid j street. Terms, liberal, at sale, Title First-rate. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. Important Sale of Valuable Selections of Rich Agricultural and Pastoral Land near Dandenong, known as the Watercourse Paddocks. 78a. 2r. 16p. Part of the Estate of the Late T. Burgan. MR. STUBBS Is favoured with instructions to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at his rooms, 81 Collins street, on Friday, the 21st August, sale at twelve o'clock precisely, The above particularly valuable properties, in the following lots : Lots. 861\. Sr. 16p. Portion 16, pul bef Nrrree Wanui, having frontages to permanent Government roads, on the N. and S. sides, of 88 chains and ES chains respectively, by a depth of 61 chains. Lots. 878 acres, adjoining Portion 15 on the W., pariah Narree Warren, and on all other sides having a | frontage to Government roads. Lot 3. A fine freehold property at Boroondara, Portion A, of Sec 5, containing 108 acres, bounded on the north by a Government road, and on the - south by the Kooyong-koot Creek j Note. These Watercourse Paddocks will be easily recognized by those who are at all acquainted with the properties and (elections of the late Mr. T Dorgan, and whoever buys them will possess estates that they can turn to good account and never want to part with The terms are very lenient viz., one-third cash; and the residue at six, nine, and 12 months', bearing 10 per cent Title First-rate. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. Important Sale of Two Very Choice Building Allotments, Hawthorn hill. Part Of the Original Subdivision of the well-known Estate of J. D. Pinnock, Esq., &c.; TLfTR- STUBBS has received instructions to SELL by JW. PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street, on Friday, August 21, Sale at twelve o'clock precisely, S very choice villa building allotments, Hawthorn hill, part of Allotment 25 of Sec. 0, adjoining the residence of E. G. Harrison, Saq, branch inspector Bank Victoria Terms at sale. Title first-rate. After which, S allotments, township of Kyneton, being Nos, 4, 5, and 8 of Sec. 24 1 allotments do of Malmesbury, No 10 of See, 0 10 acres, Carlsruhe, being part of Subdivision of Portions No 3 and Mo. 0 on plan of subdivision. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. A Good Investment City Property. Little Bourke-street, opposite the Governor Arthur and Kirk's Bazaar, Now Occupied by Mr. Smith, Butcher. Also, She Premises at the back, having 40ft frontage to Wright-street, by 66ft. in depth, with tho whole of the Buildings erected thereon. MR, STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Friday, the 21st inst, at his rooms, 81 Col Hay-street west, at twelve o'clock precisely, All that most eligibly situated and well-known butcher's shop, dwellinghouse, and promises, situate at the corner of Little Bourke and Wright streets, the opposite corner to the Governor Arthur, and immediately in front of Kirk's Horse Bazaar. Note-The person who buys it may be assured of a handsome remuneration in his outlay, as it is calculated for most important advantages in the extension of the butchering business. After which, Lot 2. The freehold premises In the rear, having 40ft frontage to Wright-street, by 66ft. in depth, with dwellinghouse and extensive stables attached. Terms, liberal, at sale. Title Unexceptionable. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. On Gardiner's or Kooyong Koot Creek. Part of the Estate of the Late. Dorgon, Adjoining Glen Iris Further Particulars Including Farmhouse and Improvements. MR. STUBBS is instructed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Friday, the 21st day of August, at his records, at twelve o'clock precisely, ' All that highly valuable freehold property and estate situate on the Kooyongkoot Creek, known as Dargan's Farm, containing 108 acres of land. There is hardly any district In Victoria more to be depended on for crops and pasturage than the valleys in and about this creek. Note -Any new settler or colonist wanting to make the best of his time may locate himself on Dargan's Farm with the prospect of doing well, It is a convenient distance from Melbourne, Toorak, Prahran, and St. Kilda, Kew, Studley-park, and on easy life brings you to either. There is erected on the estate a well built four roomed wooden house, with verandah ; also a brick kitchen and dairy, &c.; The whole of it is enclosed and subdivided into cultivation and grass paddocks. It is bounded by the estate of Glen Iris on one side and the property of Mr. Murray on the other. Terms-25 per cent, cash; balance six, nine, and 12 months. Title first-rate. The watercourse paddocks are all fenced-in. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. Fine Building Allotment, Carlton. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, 81 Collins street west, on Friday, August 21, at twelve o'clock, 23ft. frontage to Elgin-street by 33ft. in depth, situate 66ft. or thereabouts from the comer of Rathdowne-street and Elgin- street. Title, Crown Grant TUESDAY, AUGUST 25. To Hotelkeepers in Town, the Suburbs, and in the Country, Storekeepers, and Dealers. SOO Illida, of the Colonial Company's Burton Ale. In Lots to Suit Purchaser. In Prime Condition, In Close's, Cole's, and Teale's Bonded Warehouses, Terms Under 25, cash ; above that Sum, Approved Bills at Two Months'. MR. STUBBS instructed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Tuesday, 26th mat., to commence at Clerke's Bonded Stores, corner of King and Lonsdale streets, at twelve o'clock precisely, SCO hhds. ofbruliant-hodled Burton, in the following order, to suit both large and small buyers, viz. Lot 1-6 hhds. I Lot 26 do ! Lot 8-6 do Lot 4-6 do Lot 6-6 do Lot 0-6 do I Lot 7-6 do ' ' | Lots 8,0, and 10-6 do each i Lots 11,12, and 18-6 do each ; Lots 14,15, and 10-6 do each Lots 17, 1839, and 20-6 do each t Lots 21, 22, 23, 24, and 26-10 do do ? ! Lots 20,27,28, 29, 80-10 do do , t Lots 82, 83, 84, 85 and 80-10 do do lots 87,88, 89, 40, and 41-10 do do. ) Orders from the country to purchase attended to. "2 THIS DAY. T~~" In the County Court at Melbourne. Robinson v. Duffy. 1 BY virtue of a writ of Fi. Fa. to medlroctedLI shall cause to be SOLD by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Thursday, August 20, at twelve o'clock noon, at the implement yard of Robinson and Co., Elizabeth street (unless this execution be previously satisfied), at 1 reaping-machine, the property of the above, named defendant. Terms cash. Sited this 18th August, 1868. COB.MELIV/Ü MULCAHY, County Court Officer, Sales by Auction. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21 At Eleven o'clock. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, General Dealers, and Others. Large Assortment o! I Ironmongery and Miscellaneous Goods. BEAUCHAMP and ROCKE will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins-street east, on Friday, 21st August, at eleven o'clock, A large assortment of Ironmongery, c, consisting of- American chaff-cutters, for hand or horse power J wrought-iron barrow wheels Japanned iron buckets, wood bench screws, car . dago lacks I Enamelled stewpans, tin teapots, tinned iron saucepans, and oval pots . Garden rakes, iron blocks, destroys ; chest, cup- board, and padlocks Painted white metal beer cocks, brass socket castors I Albats table and dessert forks and spoons, dog ¡ collars Bass Brooms, hair seating, doormats, men's belts, and leather portmanteaus. ; Together with a A miscellaneous assortment of ironmongery. Also, 24 parlour grates, I And S cases assorted fenders. No reserve. I_Terms-Cash._ FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. At Eleven o'clock. Contractors' Tip Drays, Wharf Dray, Cbaffcuttlng I Machine, 4:. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 68 and 40 Collins-street i east, on Friday, 21st August, at eleven o'clock, 8 contract or6' tip drays i 1st pet for wharf dray. Also, I CharTcutting-machine, I Lot of old iron. 1 1 Without reserve. ; _Terms-Cash._ FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. | At Eleven o'clock. Horse, Buggy, and Harness. " To livery-stablekeeper, Private Parties, and Others. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE will SELL by AUC- , TION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins-street rain, on Friday, 31st August, at eleven o'olock, Superior four-wheeled buggy, nearly new i Horse, guaranteed stanch. And Harness. Terms Cash. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21 At Eleven o'clock. 61 Kegs, 1 Case, and 8 Bags Nails. To Ironmongers and Others. v BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins-street east, on Friday, 31st August, at eleven o'clock, ' 61 kegs nails, kegs damaged ' 1 case do j 8 bags do. I Bros from time to 31st, ? Without reserve ! I Terms Cash. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. At Eleven o'clock. On Account of Whom it May Concern. 49 Kegs Nails. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Others. BEAUCHAMP and ROOKE will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins-street east, on Friday, 21st August, at eleven o'clock. On account of whom it may concern, 49 kegs muir, 19, 2, 23, and S Inch. More or less damaged. Without reserve. _ Terms-Cash FRIDAY, AUGUST 21 At Eleven o'clock. Centrifugal Pumps and Chain Pump. To Ironmongers and Others. BEAUCHAMP and ROCKE will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins-street east, on Friday, 21st August, at eleven o'clock, 8 centrifugal pumps ; will raise 125 gal. of water per minute. Also, 2 American chain pumps Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21 At Eleven o'clock. At M. and Hobson's Bay Railway New Shed. Surplus Stores, &a;, ex Queen of the South, To Shipchandlcrs, Grocers, Dealers, etc. GEMMELL, McCAUL, and Co. have received in structions from Messrs. Bright Brothers and Go- to SELL by AUCTION, at the M. and E. B. Railway New Shed, at eleven o'clock, Surplus stores ex Queen of the South, consisting of beef, pork, flour, peas, oatmeal, lime juice, preserved beef and potatoes, sugar, rice, ale, stout, bread, ice No reserve. Terms-Cash. 25 per cent deposit on fall of hammer SATURDAY, AUGUST 22. At Eleven o'clock. Extensive and Unreserved Sale of First-class Books, Comprising Historical, Biographical, Scientific, and Other Literature. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 86 Collins street west, on Saturday, 22nd August, at eleven o'clock, A large assortment of books, comprising Cowper's Works, Choice Thoughts from 8bfV«neato, History of the Popes, Professor Wilson's Works, Tales from the German, Hood's Poems, Milson's Poetical Works, Gil Blas, History of the Captivity of Napoleon, Sale's Koran, A very valuable classical Atlas. Also, A large collection of the works of Roscoe, Thiers, Du Chaillu, Levor, Bellin, Burns, Mortimer, Irving, and others. No reserve. Terms cash. Catalogues In course of preparation. MONDAY, AUGUST 21 At Twelve o'clock. i Household Furniture and EU cts. 8 Prince's-terrace, Fitzroy-street, , St. Kilda. . ; , GEMMELL, McCAUL, and Co. have received In- structions from W. J. McHaffie, Esq., to SELL, by AUCTION, at his residence, S Prlnco's-io race, Fitzroy-street, St Kilda, on Monday, 31st August, at twelve o'clock, The whole of his valuable household furniture and a fleet. Catalogues in course of preparation. , 1 TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12 At Twelve o'clock. Villa and Land at Hawthorn. Glonforrie-lodgo and Grounds, Within 15 Minutes' Walk of the Railway Station. To Capitalists, Bankers, Merchants, and Others in Beach of a Desirable Suburban Residence. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received instructions from ZIopo Chas. Bonntnu, Esq., prior to his departure for England, to Drills for SALE, at their rooms, 36 Collins-street, on Tuesday, 1st September, at twelve o'clock, Olenforrlc-lodgo and grounds, comprise rp four acres, situated in the most admired portion of Hawthorn, and in immediate proximity to the mansions of his Honour Judge Molesworth, ' Hon. Gavan Duffy, W. H Archer, Esq., Regis- war General. The house, which contains spacious hall, lofty dining, and drawing rooms, with handsome marble mantel pieces flve bedrooms, dressingroom, laundry, till Then with Flavors cooking range, fee, is approx du in by a. Sncly-gravellod carriage drive. The sides of the house have a verandah of 7ft. wide The garden, which is stocked with over 100 choice fruit trees, various, variety of vines, asparagus beds, s unions and flowering plants, has been in a high state of cultivation for years. The paddock is laid down with English grasses, securely fenced in, and capable of feeding two of?. Considerable attention has been paid to tlioiKInn?.) of the property, which is sufficient guarantee for the | healthiness of the locality. The situation is extremely j retired, and the complete freedom from dust during the summer months renders the property one of the most desirable around Melbourne. Terms very liberal. Cards to view the property can he had from the auctioneers, where all information can be obtained. THIS DAY.' . ' ' Ironstone China ; Dinner, Breakfast, and ToILet Ser- vices; Bowls, Jugs, Cups and Saucers, Dishes, Pilot, Decanters, Tumblers, Wines, Salts, &c.; In Lots Suitable for Housekeepers. EDWARD B. M ORCOMBE will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, 124 and 126 Smith-street, Collingwood, this day, at one o'clock, A large assortment of superior china, glass, t earthenware, &c.; i Goods taken in for sits. Cash advanced. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. No. 2 Holyrood villa, Simpson-street, East Mel), bourne, close to the Richmond-road., Gil. JOHNSTON has received Instruction from the Rev. W. Carr to SELL by AUCTION, at the above address, 20th Inst, at eleven o'clock, The whole of the above furniture, consisting of handsome oil paintings by Hern and other masters; a few handsome prizes in rose wood frames, mahogany chairs, tables, sofas, chiffonniere, carpets, rags, chimney and dressing glasses, handsome stuffed birds, in cases ; bedsteads and bedding, chests drawers, washstands, toilet tables and ware, kitchen utensils, c. The whole of tho above must be sold without reserve. THIS DAY. To Butchers. Beef. Beef. Beef. BALM AHOY CAMPBELL and Co will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Goods Station, Spencer-street, on Thursday, 20th August, at twelve o'clock sharp, 100 carcases of prime beef. The auctioneers will guarantee the quality of the above not to be surpassed, and the offal will be given with every carcass, viz. heart, tall, tongue, and tripe. THURSDAY, AUGUST 27. ~~°° Ca Kon, near Canada Hotel. Two Three roomed Weatherboard Cottages. WILLIAM GLEDHILL Is authorized by Mr. Purcell to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, 27th August, at one o'clock, The above cottages, on land 24ft. to Argyle-terrace! oD Madeline-street, Carlton, by about 4ft. deep. Terms at sale. William Gledhill, auctioneer, 82 Lonsdale-street ( west. Sales by Auction. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Sale of the National Schoolhouse and Land at Sandridge. To Carriers, Builders, Speculators, Merchants and Others. MR. ROBERT BYRNE is favoured with instructions from the patrons of the National schools, with the approbation of the trustees, to SELL by AUCTION, at the second, 38 and 40 Collins-street east, on an early day, due notice of which will be given (if not previously disposed of by private COAL tract), An allotment of land, 33ft. frontage to Bay-street by a depth of 132ft. along Liardet-street, together with the buiidlng.lknown as the National School, erected thereon. Title, Crown grant. Terms at Sale TUESDAY, AUGUST 25. At Two o'clock. Wellington-parade. ' but Melbourne, MR. ROBERT BYRNE is favoured with Instruc- tions from the proprietor to SELL by A MOTION on the ground, on Tuesday, the 25th Inst., at two o'clock, 0 building allotments, having frontages of 29ft to Wellington-parade, by a depth of 30ft to a right-of-way 20ft. wide at the back, opposite, the Police Reserve, and adjoining Evans and Wellington terraces. Further particulars can be had on application the auctioneer. Title unexceptionable. Terms at Sale. ' tuiísdayTXuüust 25.. "9 At Twelve o'clock Noon. Five Building Allotments at the Corner of Chapel and Manly streets, nearly opposite the Prince of Wales Hotel, Prahran. H/TB. ROBERT BYRNE is instructed to SELL by JXL AUCTION, at the rooms, 38 and 40 Collins street east, on Tuesday, August 25, at twelve o'clock noon, it allotments, each 15ft. frontage to Chapel-street! by a depth of 100ft to a right of-way at the back from Manly-street 11ft, wide 1 allotment, 26ft to Chapel street by a depth of lOMtalODjj Manly-street, with a right-of-way at the back 16ft. wide. Titles perfect ? ' Terms Liberal. MONDAY, AUGUST 31. i At Twelve o'clock Noon. - * ? Farm of 99 Acres and 1 Rood, with Improvements, At Kilmore. Being Part of " Rutledge's Special Survey." Absolute Sale, by Order of the Mortgagee. MR; ROBERT BYRNE Is favoured with centres tions berthe mortgagee to SELL by AUCTION, at the rooms, 38 and 40 Collins- street east, on Monday the 31st, at twelve o'clock noon precisely, Dearer. of farm land, at the junction of the Campaspe and H'DonaldB, with all the improvements now standing and erected thereon. Full particulars of which can be had on application to the auctioneer. Terms at Sale " r THIS DAY. ~~ At Twelve o clock. On the Australian Wharf. Gear, Joe., Saved from the Wreck of the General Jessup. JAMES LAWRANCE has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, Oh Thursday, 20th August, at twelve o'clock, Lot of gear, c, saved from the wreck of the General Jessop, const Btlngof spare, sails, anchors, cables, warps, standing and running rigging, blocks, copper, lines, tanks, 2 boats ; pumps, with brass chambers, complete and a force pump, with hose, complete. Terms cash. No Reserve. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. JO Shipowners, and Those Engaged in the New Zealand and Intercolonial Trades.' Fore-and-Aft Schooner ANNIE. JAMES LAWRANCE has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, on Friday, 21st August, at twelve o'clock, The fore and aft British-built schooner ' ANNIE, 104 tons register, 180 tons burthen, built of hockmatack and pitch pine,- thoroughly copper-fastened, and sheathed with heavy Belgian zinc Her masts and spars are all new. Her rails are almost new. Her hull is in perfect order. Shis eligible vessel has just been re-built, and on inspection will be found very suitable for any of the bar harbours in the colonies. i _ Her draught of water when loaded is only 7ft.. and requires little or no ballast to go to sea' with She is remarkably well suited for the lightering trade of New Zealand, and persons interested in that quarter are respectfully invited to inspect her as she presently lies in the River Yarra. Title perfect. " , Terms, very Liberal, at Sale. on FRIDAY, AUGUST 22 Immediately After the Sale of the Annie. Sails. . JAMES LAWRANCE will SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, on Friday, 21st August, A lot of sails, suitable for a ship of 1200 tent (In. good order). Terms cash. y s No Reserve. A TUESDAY, AUGUST 26.' ' A To Shipowners, and those interested in the Coasting and Intercolonial Trade of Victoria, New South Wales, New Zealand, etc Beautiful Al Aberdeen Clipper Brig CRAIGIEVAR. k, JAMES LAWRANCE has received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, 26th August, at twelve o'clock, The beautiful A1 Aberdeen clipper brig CRAIGIEVAR, 216 tons register, 360 tons burthen, This very eligible vessel has lately arrived from London, and prior to leaving underwent a thorough. examination by Lloyd's surveyors of that port, a first class certificate of which can be seen at the rooms of the auctioneer. The particular attention of shipowners is requested to inspect this very fine vessel, as she presently lies at the Australian Wharf. .'-: Her trim light draught of water, and,' going to- are with only a few tons of ballast, together with her first-rate sailing qualities, as well as being remarkably well found in every respect, renders her almost to disable vessel for any of our colonial trades. Inventories can be seen at the rooms of the auctioneer. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 25. In Shipowners of Victoria, New South Wales, New Zealand, Tasmania, &c.; The Fine At Schooner AGNES. JAMES LAWRANCE will SELL by AUCTION, on board the vessel, lying at the Yarra Falls-bridge Coal Wharf, on Tuesday, August 25, at one o'clock, The fine J. British rebuilt schooner AGNES, 83 tons register, 160 tons burthen. This very eligible vessel has been almost rebuilt, of the very best materials, without regard to expense!. Her original frame is of Scotch oak, and, on thorough. Inspection, was found by competent judges as sound as when lamp. Her hands are planked with English oak, bottom of black birch, the inside celling oak and pine; is thoroughly copper-fastened, and sheathed with heavy If untz metal. -i Her masts, spars, sails, rigging, Ironwork, We., are all new. No expense has been spared to make her as. first-class ship in every respect ' Her cabin is neat and commodious. Stands oaS shifts without ballast and from her extreme light draught of water will prove her to be the most to enable little coaster in the colonies. Title perfect. . Terms. Liberal, at Sale. SATURDAY, AUGUST 22. By Order of the Mortgagees. WL. BAWELL his been favoured with Instruc, tions by Messrs. Alexander and John McKay to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Royal Oak Hotel, Kilmore, on Saturday, the 22nd day of August inst., at the hour of twelve o'clock noon, J, All that piece or parcel of land, situate, lying. and being in the parish of Bylands, county of Dalhousie, and colony of Victoria, containing by admeasurement 20. Gip, be the same more or loss. 8\. An that piece or parcel of land, situate, lying, and being in the path of Bylands, county of Dalhousie, and colony of Victoria, containing by admeasurement SOa. tip, be the same more or less, and being subdivision No. 3 of Allotment No. 88 in the parish of Bylands, county of Dalhousie, colony of Victoria, 3\. All that allotment or parcel of land, situate, lying, and being in the county of Dalhousie, parish of Bylands, and colony of Victoria, containing by admeasurement two roods, be the same more or less, being Allotment No 6 of Bre- ton 84, township of Kilmore, I 4\. All that allotment or parcel of land, containing by admeasurement two roods, bethesatnoaliitl» career less, situate, lying, and being in the town »hlpofKllmoro, parish of Bylands, county of Dalhousie, and colony of Victoria 9 All that allotment or parcel of land, in the colony of Victoria, containing by admeasurement two roods, be the samemoroorlcss,sltn»ti«« in the county of Dalhouslo.beingAlloünentNo.y of Section 34, township of Kilmore. All the above parcels of land are well and securely fenced. Nos. 1 and 2 are in a high state of cultivation, and form one farm of over 40, ooiBUtutg or the best land in the parish of Bylands. ' On ac 4 is erected that well-known hotel the Coach and sons, live in the occupation of Mr. John Clarke and [No. are erected those buildings lately occupied by Messrs. Prevot and Co as a gingerbeer and cordial, manufac cry. Tis so properties are too well known to require any particular description. " . Title can be inspected at the office of Mr. *uw»» solicitor, Sydney street, Kilmore. Terms will be Declared at the Time of Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. 83 Cedar Logs, Containing MOTOR. Super. CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on the . Australian Wharf, Friday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, ' Cargo of Co Jar ex Gem, 85 logs, containing 4000ft supor. The quality of the above is superior, and now large frog on the Australian Wharf Terms at Sale. MONDAY, AUGUST 21. Kirk's Horse Bazaar. C. YUILLE and Co. have been instructed to . , DISPOSE OF, on the above date, the pros perfect the late Charles J. Griffith, Esq, A pair of fine upstanding bay carriage horses, an excellent carriage (sociable), and banco, as complete. as The carriage will be in by, nt the Eizitr on and after Thursday, August 20 w: 