AUCTION SALES. ABSTRACT OP SALES BY AUCTION. This Day, C. S. Ross and Co.. on the Australian Wharf, at Eleven o'clock— Katirle Square timber, boards, joLtfl, battens, and scantling, ex S a Gull; doors, ex Maverick; sawn laths, ex Abbe/. Joiin Let and Sons, at their rooms, nt Eleven o'clock— Flags and illuminations. ILGoLnsnnouoiiand Co., at their wort warehouses, at Twelve o'clock.— Imported rams. At Three o'clock— Wool, sheepskins, tallow, hides, etc. Phaser and Coiien, at their rooms, at Eleven o'clock — Invoice of electro silver-plated ware, cutlery, watchmakers' and other uoods. At Half-past Eleven o'clock -Teas, ex Dispatch. Tills DA1\ One Hundred and Seven Djom, 2ft 2in x eft 2ln, to 3ft x 7ft. OS. ROSS and CO. will sell by auction, on the . Australian Wharf, this day, lfitli May, at Eleven o'clock, Ex Maverick, on account of whom it may flonctrn, One hundred and seven doors. 2ft Sin x eft 2in illo, to 3ft x Tit. J|ia Terms at sale. d 116 Auctions!, TIIIS DAY. 21,040 Sawn Laths. CS. ROSI rnd CO. will sell by ruction, on Am- . traliau Wlurf, this day, 15th Muv, at Llcreii o'clock. Ex Abbey, 2i,w0 sawn laths. 3ft, 3;ir. <tft, and ijft. Tot in i nt sale. d 116 TiJIS 1>A Y, CVS Fid Sqtr»ra Kuiiriu Timber. 36,580 Do Kauris R-iml?, Joint , Burtons, and genntlltiff. CS. 1tD.S3.md CO. wilt sell by Miction, on Au«- . treliuu Whurl, Friday, lGlli 3 lay, at Kit-veil o'clock, Ex Se.» Gull from Kiap&u.; 63,083 feet kanrfu ?qnnro tinih.T, 12 x 13 to 23 X 38\. 14 to 33 feet lengths jroi do do pnwii hriird. !4 x £ to 19 X £ V\W4 do ihi do do, « x 1 to 20 X 1 379 ilo do do do, 13 x lj to 20 x l, nod 12 x to 20 x hi 7009 do d;> plank and -cantllng, 4 x 3 to 20 X 3, nnd C x 2 to 2'» x 2, aborted Icvgtlis COuo do l.nttens, I in. und l£ in., do do. Now JuTiiiimr In flue couditlun. Tonus HUrral d 114 MONDAY, I'th MAY. "0 Cidrr Logs. 10.009 It C«!l<r Board- and Scnntlin/r. CI S. UOS nmH'O. will pell by auction, on <!» '. AmfraUuu Wlivf, ou Monday, 18th liny, at Eleven -'clo'lr. Ex Josiiphin-?, from Richmond River, 70 ced:ir log, Ri.unoit Mip..r 10,001 feet super, cednr boards nnd sranl'lng. . 3, I. D, and 3ln, and 3 x 3, tmd 4x4. : Now landing in tinoorder and superior qnrtity. T'unw utFale. d'llfl T I rfsf)A ' \\\ lor Rrlnc" of Wales' Pestivitles, Flairs, Flogs, arid flluminationF. To Bankers, Merchant, and the Public in general. JOHN I.EVYund SON'S bare received instructions from Messrs II. G. Donaldson nnd Co., the imposes, to tcH by nurtlnn, sst their rooms, 14 Collin street west, ut Eleven o'clock prompt. 101 Kuglish «nKiyns, alt sizes 60 do do Union Jack, do 11 «ets Murryat'p signs'. largo, 176 flogs 12 do do do, medium, 192 do 12 do do do, small, im do In nil, ff>o. 32 foreign enslens, Danish, etc 1 Australian do 100 eocond-lmnd flag, various 2&0 bolts bunting, all colours Rockets, blue lights, tar barrels, eto 2 pairs ship cannons 1 do saluting do The nbove are all from fl»st-clftss English manu facturers, m used by 11.31. Government, and worthy the attention of these who desire to do honour to the joyous occasion. Terms liberal declared at sale. No reserve. _____ Important Sole of Imported Rams. At Goldsbrr.ugh's Wool Warehouses, Market Street, Melbourne. RGOLDSBUOUGII and CO. hftv# been favonred . with instructions from Hugh Glass, Esq., to offer for sale by auction, at their Market street wars- houses, this Hay. the 15th ofMny, Bt Twelve o'clock, 26 pure french merino rams, Selected from the flocks of the Emporor Napoleon, at Unmbouifle'. Tins© rams are well worthy the attention of In tending purchasers, being line large-framed shevp. and in splendid condition. Our prevlou consign ments have fully established their veuutntion us being the best imported, and we can confidently recommend tltem to our constituents nnd .wool growers gencrallv, a? combining everything neces sary for improving nnd bringing thair flocks to a Rtate of perfection. The wool po.Jses-es in n high decree all those requisites now In lueh dennnd on the home market, viz,— length and firmness of staple and tine combing quulity; and these, com bined wiili weight of carcise, certainly render tho Rainhoulllet sheep tlie be3t pitying to the grower of auv yet Imrorted. Immediately af cr the sale of the above, will bs offered 4 pure sturgeon rams, Received per Kent being n consignment direct from the breeder. Edwin Sturgeon, Esq., of the Elm', Gray's Hall, Essex. Thc«c lmvc been carefully selected expressly fi>r this market, are in tins order, and can be highly recommended by nil who haro tried them. This breed of sheep was founded by his late Majesty George tho Third, from the Spanish Negrettl nnd Merino rasas, and such Is their reputa tion that they have always commanded the very highest rates in the English market. Catalogues on day of sale. Luncheon provided. d 111 THId DAY. RGOLDSBKOUG1I and CO. will sell by miction, . at their warehouses, Bourlco Jnnd William streets, on Friday, the lith May, ut Three o'clock in the afternoon, Wool Sheepskins Tallow Hides, etc., etc. 13 f 2 my 15 FRIDAY, 22nd MAY. Provident Institute. Important Notice Of The Forthcoming Second Scries of Public Sales to be held, By Order of the Assignee, By MR. STUBBS, nt Ids auction rooms, 81 Collins street west, ou Friday, 22nd Mny, sale to com mence at Twelve o'clock precisely, In the following order, viz s— Loti,--The. Wellington Arms, Wellington street, ColHngwood. 7.— Two-story stone nv.-l brick built shop and dwcllfiighousp, adjoining the Belvldure Hotel, Bruuswlck street. A valuable leasehold warehouse and pro perly, including tho whole of the original half-acre Allotment 10 of Section 1, situate nt the corner of Collins and King streets, Melbourne, known n« Bradshnw's Wool Stores, having a frontage of 133 feet to Collins street, by 162 feet to King street, and having erected thereon, viz. Three separate stores, comprised In one solid structure of bluestone, with slated roof; a noble cellar floor, 36 x 108, capable of storing 10s0 tons of goods ; the street floor is nlso 36 x 108, and includes countinghouse, office, etc.: corrugated iron store, 00 x CO, lately occupied by Messrs Clough and Co. ; liny nnd corn store, also of Iron: and two other iron build- logs, with vacant land. The whole subject only to Lisnper annum, less Leo paid annually by Messrs Westby and Co. for use of right of- way. 4.— Valuable freehold, known as Northampton buildings, situate in Acland street. St Kilda 6.— Two two-rtory houses, fronting Bridge road, Richmond, near the Star and Garter Hotel 6.— Mr. Affleck's valuable estate, of 90 acres, part of portion 149 B, parish of Boroondara, about three-quarters of a mile from the resi dence of the hon. the Premier. 7.— ico acres land, county Mornlngton. parish of Warrandyto, Section A, bounded by a Go vernment road three chains wide 8\. -Township of KJlmorc. Two allotments, por tion of No. I of Section 12, Gipps street, with all buildings erected thereon 0.— Township of Kilmorc. Lot No. 8 of Allot ment No. 2 of Section No. 2, with all buildings erected thereon 10.— Valuable freehold of 61 acre?, part of Allot ment No. 16, parish of Doutta Gnlla, Moonce Ponds 11.— Three dwcllinshouses and shoos. Church street, Richmond, part of portion, pari-h Jika Jikn, No. 8, and half of Allotment No. 7 on the plan of subdivlvlon by J. R. Murphy, Esq. 12\. —Allotment 6, and part of 7, Sec. D., township of Ararat, with all buildings erected thereon 13.— Township of Bcechworth— Allotment 8 of Sec. 5, with a'l buildings erected thereon 14\. Great Brighton road— Lots a, 4, and 5, sub division of Allotments 233 and 234, with nil buildings creeled thereon 15.— ColHngwood Young street, part of Sub- aUoimcnt No, 72, with all buildings erected thereon 16.— Gardiner, parish Prahran— 0 acres, Portion No. 04 17.-4 acres, more or leas, part of Portion 65, said pnrlsh. 18.— East ColHngwood — Five hous:3 and one acre of land near the river. For title, parties are respectfully referred to Messrs. Broncldiorst, Simile, and Ducrdin, solicitors to the Assignees. Terms mnde known at the sale. "VTOTICE.— M It. BROCK'S Short-horn and -Lx Hereford CATTLE, advertised for sale at Mnlvern Hill, on SATURDAY, lOtli May, have been withdrawn. Mr BUTCnABT'S Milkers and othfer Stock will be duly brought forward for sale that day. d lie my 15 KAYE and BUTG'IIART. SATURDAY, lGth MAY. Sale postpone! (in consequence of tho general holiday on Thursday,) to Saturday, 16th May. At Twelve o clock. At the Mttlvcrn-hill Yards. To Dairymen, Buichorp, Farmers, Parties in want of Good Milkers, and Others. Prhno Dairy Cows, Fat Cattle and Calves; Imported Bull, Etc. At the Malvern-hill Yards, South Yarra. KAYE and BUfCirAKTwiU sell by auction nt the above place, on the day named, Saturday, at Twelve o'clock noon, by order of Mr, James Butchnrt, The following flrst-class stock, conHhtlng of:— Duke Humphrey, imported short horn bull four years old, the winuer of many prizes, and per fectly acclimatised. <0 picked milkers, wilh calves at foot, or in calf CO selected cows, in calf to Duke Humphrey 6 milkers' hcUcrs, do do 30 fat bullocks 80 prime ealrcs The above cattle can be highly recommended 'ns excellent milkers, hualthy, and good. They arc the pick of 4500, and bred at Couurgo, Biilabong, New South Wales. For unreserved sale. N.B.— Malvern i I ill is about a mile from the Gar diner's Creek-road Railway Station, where ears will be in attendance. d 114 my 16 MONDAY, 25th MAY. Thoroughbred Entire Hack for Sale, TV/fESSRS. IV. C. YUILLB ami CO. have rc- AVA ccivcd instructions to sell by public auction, on Monday, 25th May, at Kirk's Bazaar, « Tho well-known thoroughbred entire hack INKEHMAN, (the property of F. B. Frauklyn, Esq.,) ft perfect lady's hack, handsrmc and clever, quiet, and free from vice, and yet full of spirit. Bis breeding is flnt-clas, being byBcsbo- rough out of Jeannic Deans by . Forester, grand dam by Peter Fin, great grand dam by The Caliph, cto— Peter Fin being a great grandson of the famous Eclipse, Auctions. SATURDAY, 16th MAY. At Twelve o'clock. On the Ground, at Willhimrtown, An Allotment, having a Frontage to Twyfijrd street : of CJfr. by n Dcpih of 165ft. MR. ROBERT BKVN'E will pell by miction, on the g-omid, ftt V»'iUU\m#twv«, on Sntii'dav, iBth Mar. at Tlu'te o'clock p.ni , by orJtr ofThcs. U. A Kelt, Esq., t , Government Allotment 1?. Sctti-.n 18, a iron tjgo COft. to Twyford rrcu, by u depth :if 16 ."ft . thj third lot from the r >rner of Thom son htr?cf, and adjoining the residence of Wdlimn Dobjoii, l>q. Koto.— The street is metalled, foot pal Hp made, and the property is within five minutes' walk of the sitiin Railway Station and the beach. Terms at sale. . SATURDAY, loth MAY. No. 13 t'cell Htrei, WilHnmitown. Weatherboard House, with an Allntnunt of Land. To Railway Men, P.ivliei Encaged in tin Bay Trade, nnd Oilier Desirous of I'urchaalng a Residence in . Willinmstown. MR ROBERT BYRNE lin recciviKl Instructions from Junior. Gaun-nn, Esq.. lo ncll by miction. 011 the promise, .011 S-lut.l.;y, ictli Slay, ac Turtv o'clock p.m.. An cxc llent wel-liiiltwoathcrhovrd house, con taining fix rooms, with a Yer.nninh v.. front and hack, itsiirtiug on an allotment of Inud having n froulajrn of -10ft to Cox's qnrdens by n depth of 54tt along n right-of-way enclosed with a paling fence. The uHCii'iurer.woi'lddivcct special attention tothe liCHilthy sltimtion of the above properly, which is within a low minute; witlkof tho North WiiHams- towu Railway Station. Title perfect Terms at sale. THURSDAY, 21st HAY. Ilorfes. llorees. To Farmers. Wagoncre, and Others. TIIO 'AS HERBERT.hax been favoured with In structions lrom Mr. Murr»' , of Colao to dis pose of by public auction, on Thursday next, 'Jtst May, at tho Cattle Yards, Flcniinetou, at Twelvo o'clock, 35 herd magnificent draught colls and fillies, all three years old. The above horses »re bred by and are direct from the station of Mr. Murray, of Coluc, and are mostly the produce of the celebrated draught horse Prince, from pioked nirres. For thoroiufh usefulness for all fsirm, wagon,' and dray work, tills lot will be found to he unstirpnHfied, ns they possess to an extraordinary degree great substance with complete compactness, and are guaranteed thrco-years old. Buyers for New Zeulaii'i will find this n most ehglblo opportunity for obluinintt vuluuhle stock. Sale ut twelve o'clock. 15 f 13 my 21 THIS DAY. Bolnncoof the Cargo of tho Despatch, front Be- -Chow. Congou In Chests and nnlves, ?5. O. Pekoe, hi Boxc. To the Merchants and Truders G-:nera!ly or Mel bourne, Gclon. B;llarat, S.mdliurfet, Castlo- mainc, Beechworth, etc. FKASEU nnd COHEN have received Insttucfions from the Importers to soil by auetiou, at their moms, 33 Collins ntrcet west, this day, 15th May, ut Half-past Y Icven o'clock precisely, Balance of the cargo of the Despatch, from Foo- Chow, consisting of— No 57— 91 chest flnest Kalecr congou 68—207 do do 69—14 dodo 266 h.Vvrs do 63-183 do do 6— ion chests do 68—149 do do 70—307 do do 71—258 do do 73—298 do do 73 - 44 1 boxes scented crnnge pekoe. Musters of thefe te.;s are now on view at the rooms of the auctioneers, and the trade arc invited to inspect them und tuke samples for liquoring, The opportunity for purchasing from this favorite cargo ought not to be neglected. Terms at enlc. d 116 TIIIS DAY. Elcctro-Silrcr-Platcd Ware, Watchmakers Goods, Cutlery, and other Goods. For Unreserved Sale, Ex Birch Grove. TjIRASER and COITEN have received instructions A' to sell by unction, at their upper room, 33 Collins street this day, lfith May, at Eleven o'clock precisely, Ex Birch Grove, A large Invoice ol the following plated and other goods:— For unreserved sale, Electro-plated cruets, four. Are, six, and seven . cut bottles Do salvers, 8, 10, 12, 14 Inches Do chamber candlesticks D) table do Do liqueur frames Do cgz do Do revolving cruets Do cake baskets Do water jncs ' « Do pint and half-pint mugs Do ten and coffee services Do kettle and stands' Do breakfast cruets Do pickle frames Do salts Do goblets Table and dessert knives and forki Table, dessert, and tea spoons Pnpler mache tea-trays Blacklcad pencils, In cases. Copper scuttles and kettles < 1 ' . Plate brushes . Brooch tongues . - . . Gold wntch hands Fine steel seconds do 0 '!<! : Reading glosses , 1 ' .;J Spectacles Sleeve links Brooches Guaid chains Jet bracelets Terms at sale. dU6 THURSDAY, 21st MAY. By Order.of the Assignees of the Provident Institute, Under an Act of Parliament. Valuable Properties situated in Brighton, Boroon- darn, Gardiner, Seymour. To . Merchants, Capitalists, Speculators, Persons seeking Investment, und Others. FtASER nnd COHEN hare received instructions from E. Courtney arid J. Ltmglands, Eiqrs., As signees ot the Provident Institute, to sell by auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on l'hurgday, 21st May, nt Twelve' o'clock precisely, Brighton. 3a. lr. 3flp. of land, situate at Brighton, on which \- is erected a llrst-cluss residence, built of brick, ilatcd roof, containing ten rooms; lately occupied, by Dr. Hsllert. Allotments 9 nnd 10 of Block 4, situate In Car penter street, Brighton, 1 acre of land situate in St. Kilda street, Brigh ton, on which is erected a brick two-story -house, containing seven rooms, kitchen, fitted with range, cellar, tank, stable, etc, One acre ot land, laid out as a garden, situate, corner of Wells, Church, and Carpenter streets, Brighton, on which are erected two weather board cottages. Immediate possession. Brick cottncc, situate in Carpenter street, Brigh ton, in the occupation of the Iter G. Adam, close to Church street Railway Station. Brick cottnge, stuccoed, slated roof, situate in Wilson stieet, Brighton, opposite the Court house, containing four rooms, kitcbeu, tank, etc, in the occupation of — Meek, Esq. AU that piece or parcel of land, part of Portion 67 iu the parish of Moorabbln, Lots No. 41 and 42, and which lots or parcels of laud adjoin each other. Seymour. Two rood?, more or less, situate in the village of Seymour; being Allotment No 1 of Section No 3. Two roods situate in the village of Seymour, being Allotments No 2 of Section No 3. Two roods -situate in the village of Soymour, being Allotment No 3 of Section No 3. Two rood?, situate in the village of Seymour, being Allotment No 4 of Section No 3. Two roads, situate in the village of Seymour, being Allotment No 5 of Section No 3. Two roods, situate in the village of Seymour, being Allotment No c of Section No 3 5 toge ther with the me?suage or tenement, and premises erected and built on the said piece of land, and known as the Seymour Hotel. Full particulars at the rooms of the Auctioneers. -Furtlierpnrticularsas to title, etc., maybe obtained on application to Messrs Bronckhoret, Smalc, and Duerdin, solicitors, etc. FRIDAY, 6th JUNE. Prolhnmiry Notice, Valuable Suburban Property, Known ns Damyon's Corner, Gardiner. To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. TBRASEtt und COHEN, huve received Instructions -L1 from E. Courtney and J Langlunds, Esqrs , As signees of the Provident Institute, to sell by auction, at. their rooms, 33 Collins street west, 011 Friday, 5th June, nt Twelve o'clock precisely, That valuable suburban property, known as Damyon's comer, Gardiner, consisting of 6U acres of land, and residence. Further par, iculurs in a future Issue. Information as to title may be obtained from Messrs Bronckhoret, Sarnie, anu Ducrdin, Term nt sale. d 116 e Stock and Stations. PURE ALPACAS.— Preliminary Announcement. —Importation into Australia of Pure Alpacas, consigned to J. II. Clough and Co., Wool brokers, Melbourne. J. II. CLOUGH and Co. have the honor to inform the pub'Ic that they have been instructed by Mr. Duf- fleld, who bas just arrived from Europe by tho mall steamer Madras, to announce the early expected nr- rivalof . 550 PURE ALPACAS, shipped by Hint gentleman direct from South America, consisting of 450 females and 100 males of which about 25 per cent are pure whites. They hare been shipped in tho Julia Farmorfor the port of Melbourne. In reference to the disposal of this important Btook, particulars will be duly published at aa early date. J. n. CLOUGH and CO., wool, tallow and tita I brokers; CoiUas street west, Melbourne, "jj 0 j 1 Education. ENGM.su QltAMMA.Il nnd COMPOSITION TAUGHT by a Lndy. Schools and Families visited. Etude, lleratd Offloo. dieralt BENCH LBASONS «iven by a Lady long re«l- dentnn the Continent, Schools aud Families vli.lted. Elude, Ileialdi) Hj. d 10 m 17 MR. WIVKLL. rilOFESSOR of DA'-cHTT and Elwaentary Kvoroiw. Fnmi i'-s schools attended. Acude«ny, #0 Fiuuoy sneer, Fiiz. roy. Of i jo c "\TUPIC TAUGTIT by a T.ady. Schools and aU Families vieited. Etude, Herald Office. . d J0 in 17 Meetings. A MEETING will be held rt tlie Toornk hold on FRIDAY, the 15th Inst., at 7 31) p.m., to reclvo a report of the proceeding ni tho Committee appointed tor CELEBRATING J'HK MARRIAGE of ir.ltll.thc I'riucc of Wales, at 'JYork. 14 f 17 my 15 BUU NSWr:lC DEMONSTRATION. Fuli nvd Fiur.l General Commute, this evening, In Court-U;u«e. Joseph George, II011. See. 160 my 15 ATOTICK to MASONS.— A G ENE « A LM EE I ING -IN of ilio TRADE will ha held, i his Evening, nt. Half-past- Seven, at the IJolvMorc. Bu-huss of importunes. By Order of the Committee. 15 f 15 Tenders. MR. J. F. MATTHEWS, Arriritcrterd Sttrveror, invites TENDERS for QUARRYING S TONE and LEVELLING GROUND cl Richmond tor .vr. Clark. Srocifleatlons to >>o fcvii at his offlcc., 07 Swanston stivet, until (ho let h instant. d 1l« my 18 MU N I C 1 1 ' A LI T Y"o F1 W— TE N 1) FTi S ud!l be received (n-idrescct to the Chairman), uu- tillhurMlay, llw 2tt imtaut, nt Four p.m., for "WORIfS m Piiklngton strrct, Kcnv. Plan nnd specification to bo peon d Jly from Ten a.m. lo Four p.m., nt the Council Chnrabcrp. The lowejst or any tender not necessarily accepted. Bv onkr ©f tho Council. Municipal Council Chamber. Kew, 14th May. MIL J. F, MATTHEWS, Arabiteei. toviLi. . TENDERS tor GENERAL liEl'AIR.S to Property In f,it«1« Lonsdale street, for M. Mess, Esq. Speojfloiition to l»c seen at his oinct-si, 67 Swunston street, until the 18th insf. dill my IB Drapery and Clothing. ALL Sorts ami Size BOUGHT, SOLD, or EX CHANGED.— The largest, cheapest, andbct assorted stock of ladles' and gputlernen's seoond- hsiul clothlug of every dtseripiion. Ladies' silk dresses, froni KM to L7 7s, oil sizes and colours. Fashionable suit of tweed, colonial made, no slops, for M. .Suit of Wnck cloth for l.l. Slrong tn usera, tweed or cloth, from fij. New nnd secondhand boots of every description, from £s to '2s. Opossum rura, bbnkets, counterpanes, e'e, with a variety of mls- celhncotis iwticles loo numerous to mention, CLKLAND/19 and 91 Stcnhu street. d ill Jo 10 A NNOUNCEMENT. — SANDERS and CO -Tk. Corner IJourku und Bwanston streets, in returning thanks to their numerous customers who Inrve so liberally patronised them for the list ten years, beg to inform them and tho public generally that they bnvc COMPLETED Til KIR EX TEN SIVE ALTERATIONS, and added 109 and ill Swanston street to their former premises. They are now showing the largest and best aflsorleil 6teck is the colonic, consisting of the following seasonable GOODS. EX GREAT BRITAIN ANGLESEY, and LADY MELVILLK, viz.— Doc, tweed, and ribbed fiults. Loin .109 to 70s Inverness, poncho, and tjlnu enpes, from 18a 6d to cos Dark and drab rcveriiblo beaver jackets, from 25b . to 60S Drab Devon driving enpe, from 45s to 63s Beaver and witr.ey £ac.i, from 2io ta 3C& Doe, tweed, nnd Bedford pant?, from 10s 6d to 20s Mole and cord trousers, leas than present Eng lish prices Hosiery of every dccripl fon All the newest shapes in hats Gloves, tlca, collars, etc, .Red, white, and blue blankets Rugs, quilts, nnd counterpanes, etc. Die whole of which, bring tlcir own importing, are offered at prices defying comnetltion. S. AND CO. would also draw attention to their large stock of COLONTAL1IAND-MADE CLOTH ING, being of firat-clnsR cut and workmanship, warranted their own manufacture. THE ORDER DEPARTMENT Is replete with all the newest materials suitable for tho present season ; nnd being under the supcrintendeiics of nn experienced cutter, S. and Co. can gunntuico every satisfaction and a perfect (It. Mourning nr five minutes notice. One fixed price, No ohnt-mpnt made, SANDERS i.nd CO., corner Bourke and Swnnton streets, 64 and 68 Bourkc street, and 109 and ill Swanston street, all forming one vast establishment. Outfits to all parts of the World, Storekeepers aud Settlers snpplled, Wholesale and Retail cl 104 f m w.my 27 ONSTER CLOTirrNO COMPANY. COLONIAL MADE CLOTHING. Meu's Department, Suits of the very best doeskin, from 80s. Coats, from 37s Gd, Trousers from 21s. Boy's Department. . 1 Sac suits from 40a. Cents from 20s. ' Trousers frem 14a 6d. . > MONSTER CLOTHING COMPANY. 21 nnd 23 Bourke street cad. "VTQW ON VIEW, all tho latest novelties' in JLv Ladies' Gentlemen's and Children's . Boots und ahoc. . At tho MONSTER BOOT and SHOE EMPORIUM, 28 Bourkc street, In connexion with Monster Clothing Company. . d ip« jc 6 PRIZE EXHIBITION STAYS to order, cheaper than any house in town Mrs BENJAMIN 217 Bourkc street coat. d 01 c RICHARD HENRY C00LTNG'3 SYDNEY AX TWEED SUITS, at L3 18s Cd, increase in favor every day, having been found to be ail that hae been eald ol them, well cut, well made, and well trim- med. renowned for their durability, and remarkable for their cheupneis, <5 nnd i? Bourkc atreet cast. . d 76 je 2d Election Notices. OOUniKRN PKOVINCE ELECTION — I hereby five notice that I have, this day. received a writ from his Excellency tho Governor, directing mc to ptoceedtothe ELECTION of a MEMBER to serve in the LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL for the Southern Proviucc, and that in pursuance of above writ I shall, on the 2lgt of May, nt Twc've o'clock Noon, proceed to tho nomination, at the Court of Pettv Sessions, Brighton, and, if a poll should be deman ci, to biillotting on the 1st of June, nt the undermentioned place, vm. West Brighton, Dandi nong road at Cnullfcld, OftklrigU, Upper Hawthorne, North Northcote Essendon, Peutridge, Hiidelberg, Keilo-, Dinidenong, Eltlium. WhRtlcsca, Schnnppcr Point. Glfibome, Donnybrook, Sunbury, Bacchus Marsh, Audcrs.-n'a Creek, and Lanccfielu. This writ in rcinrnable on tbo 81b June. TV. A. C. a'1IE('KI:TI', J.T., iicturuiug Ofllccr for Southern Erorince. Brlgb on, sth May, 1863. dm w fm my IB IPO T1IE ELF.CTOKS OP THE SOUTH J- 1'ltOVlNCE. Gr.XTI.E«EJf,— llavlira announced my Intention of becnmlnc a Caudidute for tho vacancy in the repre sentation of your province, caused by tho resignation of llio Hon J. H. Bennett, I liiivo the honor to submit the following, ns my opinions on the subject?, which, nt the pre.-c-ut time, most pro minently occupy public attention. I am in favor of the sale of Crown Land by auc tion, bchcyjjig, imperfect an that system may I.e. it is less liable to » erious abuse, than any other which can be devised, whilst it insures to the state something like a fair value lor the property alienated. Ah, however, there can be no doubt that it Is most desirable for the permanent interests of the colony that agricultural settlement shiuM be cr.u'aeed i would support any amendment or (he L-uwl Act which while eflectunlfr preventing the sacrifice of the public estate by fraudulent combinations, will afford those who give proper guarantees of the sln- cerity of thciriulention of becoming actual cultivators of the soil, an opportunity of doing so without compefiag with the more wealthy c!ast-s I look upon immigration as ubeo'utclv essentia! to our we. fare, and to a wide spread publication of our .many advantages as the readiest menus of en couraging it. r ,Pr?Psed alteration in the Electoral Li\v will tim! h,'t«C f IU vHnt5e- 1 i.x favor of a reduc tion bring made m the tenure of offlcc of mem bers of the Upper House. Tn?nfH5tri<ii Co.unuj,s Ml will he a valuable onoct- ment, as tending to decentralisation nud to the en- couruicment of an Interest in local self-government. It la i to be regretted that the Real Property Act ha3 not been effective la attaining the derian of I?s ?p? iSOon it0 Sc' 80 Anwnclcd ns to make it a workuble and useful inenstue. To the at- tiIUH? i .I11,4 rondcrzcaloui vssistanc. Education Act, shculd, I consider, Ik; worked in the Hunt in which it was framed, wi hout rcrard to acctarlun or class Jealousies and any drii"ts sbauld r0nM iSSImM.' PWPW fbe bvuellt of that cxperhnw yto t&imhict; of publio affairs ivbicli a residence of 22 yiSrT ln the colony has afforded inc. , I shall be prepared generally (o give my inilencn- aent support lo >11 nic, sure?, from' w bntcvcr < mrie licy may cinauate, calculated to promote oui prosperity, f look upon clnss leelslutlon m. nm.f destruotlve of the general go d, and I regard IhmJ who, ill order to gain popubir favour, attempt to set V. a"other- nmoncst tile worst enemies to the progress of our adopted country. I huve the honour to be, Gentlemen, Your most obedient servant, d. 1. BEAR. SUBSCRIPTION TO THE WEEKLY HERALD is reduced to Eighteen Siiillinob per annum (postage Included). Orders unaccom panied by cash cannot be attended to. Board and Residence. AT the ORIGINAL STRANGERS HOME, 163 Swaneton atreet. Board and Residence for qnlct eflpectable men. EDWARD E. j Bank Notices. /NENTRAL HANK vT WESTERN INDIA, O tmv.— Nr.llcp. A BR \N0H ofrt.ib Han'' i-< thia (lav ESTA HUSHED at aire went (N«. 5 Hull atTouiincrx,'. tor vx:haiu;ctran-uUl3a with Eaglkiid, India, and China, and purchase of fiW NUN CHANDLER, filelbourae, 2nd February, 1883. 1 f 10 my 31 Economic bank of meluournf.-aji t Honors Deporifr-d In this Bank will. Sflth June, be cut I tied to interest for cimIi cak'iiaar uonth at the eurrcut ratp, or, If preferred, hc a fixed interest ut the rate of 7 ptrcnt per atiuuin. a 105 je 4 WM. r. JIUIR, Manager. Economic bank of Melbourne and i'EOFLK'.S I'TUTF, :« Col. ins" Strct'. hart Guarant3c Cupilul, Lion.ii'ju lu 29,600 Shares. L5 each. Trusteefl : The Hon. D. E. WiTrie, j W. Dot mohl, E«?q, >I.D„ RLC. iUeoreo Yliurton, Esq I J.l\ Directors s John H. CIr.yton, Esq. I George Wharton, Esq. Wllli:.m D -t mold, Esq. | Frederick Barker, Erq,. . Audit Accountant : J. S Ogilvy, Lq. Sun-eyor: Oecocd I'rltchnvd. E'q. Solirllor: John H. Gluvton, Esq. Sfanugirr : W. I". Mulr, Esq. T.— Deposit Capital and Intnrcflt. Deposit 18 received In sums r»f Ll and upwnrdR, and i.H loaded on, and only on, approved freehold property. tnti-re.it— Tlie (ntjra amount received th« 0,1.4 r. <,f mutm/ena.-at) l<« divided quarterly. To de- pu.'Hora preleiriinr a flxetl income 7 pir oent per annum will be paid. If.— Proprietary Capital Is eubscribed in phare< L5 «acn. Ill,— Lwrtt Department. Money in fuoui ot Mix) iml upwards, loaned on freehold property ut current rate. Offlto liouri', from 10 till 4; Saturday. 10 to l. Forma of application for shares, deposit, or loan, may he had r.s above d I05jc4 ntllE aKI.HOUHNK BANKING X COM Fa NY. (Deposit and Discount.) 'Ccruer of Quten nnd Little Co'dhis Streets, Proprietors: J, P, Bear, Esq. Slinon Stauhton, Esq. Hugh Glass, Esq, Tho Hon. Captain T. Chlrnalde, Esq. M'Mnhou, M.L. A. 'Iho Hon. William Thomas H. Bo-ir. Esq., XUghett, M.LC. J P. Llabiliir Unlimited. D.rectors: J, P. Bear, Esq. I The Hon. Captain ' M'Muhon. Manager: Frederick Cook, Esq. .Solicitor : B W. Nut t, Esq. Die abovcnunied gentlemen have formed themselves lutJ a private Banking ' Company under tho above title, for general discount and loan business, and the receipt of fixed deposits aud deposits " ut call" at interest. .The discount turtnes lu not confined to that of an ordinary I ank, but being free from any restrictions, the Company is open to receive proposals for iciaUuiutu financial oper.ittous of every kind, and vli-j rate of interest charged is governed by the uiture and risk of each trans action. This Bank does not keep current nccounts or iapue notes, but offers peculiar advantages to Depositors, in that, whilst they are allowed liberal > rate of interest for fixed periods they are permitted ' to withdraw thedr money at any time tcil'toul notice upon accepting the minimum rates numcd iu the following scale. The following Are the rates of Interest allowed:— At call 2j per cent, /Deposits for thesa pc- For 1 month .. 3 per cent. \ rlods maybe with- For 3 months.. 4 per cent, c drawn nt any lime For 6 months .6 percent,/ before due at iho call v. rate of interest, , fTheae deposits may Ial-o be wlthdawn at any time before due on the loUowing terms if before (lie For 12 months, 6 pe cent,! expiry of the sixth month, at the cull rate of Interest; after the sixth month, and before due, nt 4 per cent, per annum. For fixed deposits at 12 months with no option of earlier withdrawal, interest will be allowed at the rate of 7 per ceut per annum, and the interest on deposits ot thia ctusa will bo paid hulf-yearly if so derircd. Special arrangements will be made for deposits ol Lt o.ooo and upwards. To depositors it is submitted that the security oflVrcd by this banking Company is equal to thato! any existing bank, the deed of associution specially providing that the retiteinent of any proprietor shall be duly notified tothe public by the Directors In. the Government Gazette and Melbourne news papers. lloura of" business, Ten to Four. Saturdays, Ten to. One. FREDIC COOK Manager. Melbourne, September. 1862. d 89 jy "4 Medical. Abandon mbrcujual i'iikpaiiations. — GLOVKU'S SAIiSAPAKILLA nwl POT ASH, Most Ktroitnal licmtdr PUKIFl'ING the BLOOD. Corner Queen nnd Collins streets. d 1:4 my 12 64 DINNEFORD'8 :TURH FLUID MAGNESIA has been, during twenty-five years, emphati cally sanctioned by tho medical profession, and universally accepted by tho public as the best remedy for aridity of the stomach, heartburn, headache, gout, and indigestion, ur.d ns a mild aperient far delicate constitutions, inore» especially for ladies and chffdreiL Combined with the ACIDULATED LEMON SYRUP, it forms an agreeable efferve'cing draught, in winch Us aperient qualities are much increased. During hot seasons nnd above all In hot climates the regu lar use of this imple and elegaut remedy has been found highly beneficial. Manufactured (with the utmost attention to strength uud purity) by DINNEFORD and CO., 172 New Boad Street, London, And sold by all respectable chemists throughout the world. dlltffe 1764 Hollow ay's oinfment and pills wonderful Rem die for the Cure of Scrofula. -Copy of n lcrter from Mr William Trite, bookseller. Sturmmster Newton: "To Professor Ilotloway, Sir, -Mr Thomas 'Harries, Yeoman, IHoton St. Mary's, Dorsetshire, was for many years severely afflicted with scrofula; hc took various medicines, in the hope of effecting n. cure, but all failed; the di'QJSQ very materially retarded lila usual o:onpuion, there-faro he determined on trying Hoi I way's Ointment nud Pill-', und by their use he is rejoiced lo be n' lo to ftute he iitts now recovered. HERBS, fcrareupnrilla, Cubebs, and Cobaibi Capsules, Botanic Medicines. Orders payable lo William Candy, 68 Gertrude street, Fit/roy. 14 f 23 mv 15 TMPOHTANT NOTICE. — To Chemists, Druggists, A nnd others trading in Patent Medicines, - The undersigned beg to intimate to the trade of Victoria, and other Australian Colonies, that they have dis continued consigning their preparations to Mr Marencc, of Melbourne; and that, for the future, their celebrated medicines, known ns R, ami L. PERRY'S Balm of Lyriacutn, Triesmnr, etc., etc. mny bo obtained m hitherto of GEO. BOULVON Wholesale Drugri&L; 133 and no RUSSELL SlRLEr, Melbourne. E, and L .PERRY nnd CO, London. a 91 jy 20 "JV/TESSRS PERRY and Co. may bo confidentially rtl t consulted at their establishment, 115 Stephen street, from 8 o'clock in the morning, till 10 at night Sunday morniugs, 11 o'clock to 2. Eveniugs, Meesrs. Perry and Co. devote their attention en tirely to the treatment and cure of confidential cases and where their directions are strictly attended to. they guarantee speedy and effectual cure in all cases. S Cordial Balm of Syriacum is n certain 1 and effectual remedy in all cases of nervous debility, bold jn bottles nt lis and 333 each. PurMVine ppeclflc pills, n certain cure for all skin eruitfous, blotches on the face, aud Impurity of tho blood, 2a 6d to un per box. Letters immediately answered. Obsctvo address, 115 Stephen-street, opposite Coppiu s Olympic fhoatrc. d 63 jn 13 B REASONS 1V1IY RTSTOL'S SUGAR-COATED PILLS ARE SO UNIVERSAL LY POP UL All because they are the only known remedy that thoroughly eradicates diseases proceeding from the stomach, fiver, and bowels. Bccaimb they are purely vegetable, owing their extraordinary power over the liver to tho cele brated podonhyjlin. known us the American man- mercury 13 uow 80 rap!dly tuk,nS the Plce f Because thej do not entnil costiveneas on tlioe eyriemC n ' a Pr03 I hey strengthen tho Because they op?rate upon die bowls through the hver, thus producing a naiurnl action extrumriy nnld, jet thorough nml cffeclive. Because they never produce nausea. nor give paint taken ut night, the pnticntV rieeji is not dhtiirbed, nor is the slightest wtukuesi or depression ex perienced afterwards. -wwiuu Because th'jse suffering from dyspepsia, Jmliges- indf hn howfvw weak tl,e "toumSh ..nd hot. els may have become, can safuly tak» them : and by reguhitingtlie dose to the constitu-" !!m ?it0»ia.f1ljvffl gradually regain its strength, 1V.S 'l>.er.,,s ""r'ty. ? established nnd furt.ier medicinal aid unticces.ary ' Because the discoverer of these Tills, 'Dr. Iirislol is a physician of eminence, nnd enjoys Iho cr.nll' dence and esteem of tho whole Srcdlcil Facultr in America, wlio consider all nrennrjtions eii.nin„ from him nre to bo depended upon ; they prescribe tli.-in nccordingly, and witli great success rt8mUo Because headaehos of all kinds, so very prevalent in the-e colonies, arc entirely cured by tliem iu n very aiiort time without inconveniencing 7i,! patient, and being elegantly contS wl h sugjr no objections can be made to taking (hem : and Because they ore tho cheapest, hoi--- respect the best family mull-' in C7Crv p"ced'ftaUM.-0nC n "" . r'ne ki,?5n- and- piactu at uii t» _ wntch dependence con te nir coM by all respectable Droggiats. «tlOMAS LEE, Agent, jm CnUhiB street west 1 331 Medical. ' \krUY DOE8 VtilJK HAIR FAIL OFF" Yv For Wnntof rroperNMiirlBhincnt nnd Stlmnlnting i'roptrtics, THE l'OKTUGUEbE UAJR MlXl'Ui';E \ Will Supply thoso Dcilcienolc., und ciusm Urir to (imw 011 pcreooa who have btou b-»H for manv v.-»a r-. It U very pioisanv, c-ioling, and rcfreriiinjr to use. I'r.-parcd rnd Mold bvW.I'OKDand CO.Chonja. Public Comjanie5. ADSTBAI.IAN ALLIANCE ASSUUANCK COIITANY. EstttMlelH'd for Fu«< Inrtirniicj, Asfuranceof Ifivfs, KMrilty Guarantee, Endowment and Aunui(ic3. Principal <)fllcf;4: \ 53 Elizabeth street nndz O-HIns stroel west, r Mclbouinc. ; Capital— L250,0i n. wii li power to increase. i Dijiectous: t The Hon Robert Stirling Anderson, MJ f ( halrmnn. : Join- IhiHW J«>q. J. P. Hon Sicwurt ,Khn?ton, M. L. A Hon Cuptiiln MMlahon. 5I.LA. I Michael (I'Grndy. M. L. A. s Wllliiitn Richmd Vfrrno, Esq. & ICon David Elliot Wiikie. M. D., M. L.C. a Burvevor am> Valuatou: Jtobcrf Rorr, E'-q.,J.P, Medical. OrncunH : 7 J. B. Motlierwt'b, U D. J W, Giibee. Surgeon. y Tno diatlnctlve feature of thU company ure.' lhat 5 ih«j profits realDed in rarii bmnyh of l!tiM)minc3?of I' l'i re. Life, nnd Guarantee ura tjliat ed iu by the policy V Imtdors 5 Fire In-Mirnncc-B chcctcd at current reduced rates of premium, ( AI CilAHL C'GTI AD Y, Managing Director. Suburban Aicntn for r.-criving proposria and i yiviny eye?/ luiormatioa:— »; I'rdirAti F, Batch?Idcr. J Kriulli Y«rr:i Jno l(o>.»nn!s. Emerald Hill -W. Thitlothw.affe. Richmond itiuhwl FilzgoraM. J rolllngwood John Belliu. > Wllllamotown Cant Perry. I Moonct Bonds J. F. Hinkins. \ 23 d 13 Ult £p 23 j Royal insurance company I rFItc >nd Life) \ OF LIVERPOOL AND LONDON, l Cftpitnl— L2,otifl,ooo sterliner. j Funuj in hand to meet claims, 660,060. I FIRE, 1 Follcici frfiued vt moderuto rates of ptcmlum.- LoB-ci iramcdia'oly settled iu tlie colony. - LTFE. Largo bonus declared, per cent, prr annum on the 8um assured on nil policies of two yrnra atanding and upwards. Dividend ot profits every five years. Days c f grace allowed with the moat liberal inter pretation. | No extra charge to mcmbera of volunteer brigades; The undersigned are now authorised to fr.-ueLifo Policies without previous reference to Kuglnud. t BRIG HI' BROfHEltS and CO., Agents. 1 14 d 11 alt p 14 f TTNIVERSAL MARTNF INSURANCE I U COMPANY. I (Limited). E Established i860. 1 Offices : 35, Cornliill, London, EC. B Capital, .ft, too, 000. I Chairman: I Harvey Lewis, Esq., M.P, j f Deputy-Chnirinun: E A, D. De Pass, Esq. (Do Puss and Soua). ' 1 Directors: . ?/ I Charles Bell, Esq. (J.Thomr,son,T. Bonar anilCo.") r Peter Boll, Esq. (Scott, Bell, and Co.) 'f | John Fleming, Esq, (Smith. Fleming, aud Co.) | Samuel Ilnrpo-, Esq. (Lloyd's). ' J. Lubbock, Edq., F.R.S. (Uobarto, Lubbock, 'and f Co.) ( I. Leoniuo, Esq. (J. Leoninl nnd Co.) I 5\. Pinto, Lritc. Esq. (Pinto Leitc and Brothers). 1 William Mackinr.on, E?q. ( W. Mackinnon nnd Co.) j Thomas D. Neave. E«q. (Robert Smith und Co.) \ Bilcu U. Pcarse. Esq, (A'exnnder and Sou nud Co.) \ Albert Ricurdo, Esq. (A. W. KIcardo) Willlnm Kcnnic, Esq. tCa'.an, Lubbock, aud Co.) Major Uaborne, Esq. (Usbornc and Son). i George F. YoHng, Esq. (Young, Son, and Magnny.) j SUPtRlTEXDENT OP TUB UNDEUWRITINQ DEPART MENT: ! Samuel Ilarpcr, Esq. j Underwriter : H. K. Rutherford, Esq. j Sechetauy: 0 1 Alfred Tozer, Esq. j Aoknts : A | Calcutta. — Messrs Mackinnon, Mackenzie, and Co,' ! Bombay.— Messrs. W. Nicoll.nnd Co. I Madras. — Messrs. Biuney uud Co, " ) j Kurrachce.— Messrs. Fleming and Co. Shanghai. Messrs. Dow and Co. : ! Hong Ivong,— Messrs Smith. Kennedy, and Co. Melbourne.— I)e Puss mop., and Co. ! Cape of Good Hope.--Do Pass, Spcnee nnd Co. J Wl h reference to rhenbovc, the undersigned have i been uppointed agents lo the Company, and are pre- ' pared to grant policies nt the ctirren; rates of pre- \ ntiums. Hi claims upon which can bo made payable j at any of the ab-we ports. ' DE PASS BKO'lIERS and CO., Agents for the !? Company, 40 EUz&betU; street. d 49 my 26 TriCTORIA FIRE and MARINE INSURANCE ' V ' COMPANY. Established 1849. Empowered by Act of tho Legislative Council. V Head Office— 82 Collins etrcet cast. DIRECTORS: lion. Ileury Miller, RI.L C., Chairman. Bon. Win. Hull, M.L.C., Deputy Chairman. John Brown, Esq. I Samuel Thorp, Esq, George Kirk, Esq., I James Quirk, Esq. M.L.A, ! ' SUBURBAN AGENTS : ' ' Carlton, George Uuslinll ; ColHngwood, John R. Baker ; Emerald Hill, William Daish ; Footscrny, Henry Sims: Hawthorn, J. D. Thomson ; North Melbourne, W. M. Cook ; Prahran, J B. Crews : Richmond, Thomas Newham ; Sandrldge, Jollu Murphy; South Ynrro, Thomas Wnllls ; St. Kilda, ntna«i Evnus? Wllllamatown, John Court!?. : d 87 jy U JOSEPH COLLIE, Seoretary. "\7ICTOEIA LIFE end GENERAL IX3C- V RANGE COMPANY. And SAVINGS INS TITUrE. Head Office— 82 Collins street ens Melbourno. Cupilal-L'J.OOO.ooa,' in 40.000 riuree ofLso each; Unlimited Liability. - , DIRECTORS, Chairman of tho Board.— rho lion. Henry Miller, M.L.C. Hy. CrcswIck,E?q., J.P. The Don. George llarker. J. D. Plnnock, Esq , J.P, Ed. Byam Wight; Esq., J.P. Germain NichoDou, Esq., J,P# LIFE DEPARTMENT. Special Feature?. 1\. Security —That of n joint-stock company, with a paid-up nud accumulating capital, and a proprie tary possessing means iu this country to meet tho dalim of the assured. 2\. Premiums.— The lowest that can bo charged with safety, and payable either quarterly or htilf- yinriy, at tho option of tho assured. 3\. Guaranteed Bonus— Giving to the assured the profits of a mutual company without the risk. 4\. Reduction of Premiums.— At each decennial distribution of profits, unt.l the payment of pre miums censes. 6\. All policies indisputable. 6\. No extra charge for service in the Volunteer corps within the colony, F.re and Marine Insurances effected. SAVINGS INSTITUTE. Tills department is open for business on the fol lowing terms, viz, — On ail deposit? of not les? than Ll or more than L200, Interest will lie alio ved of 7 per cent, per annum. On all other deposits interest will bo allowed a such rates as may be agreed upon. Advances will be made by tlie Savings Instituteoa the nrrlgagecf freeholds, or stock und stations, and other securitie.', nt current rates of interest Tables of rates and all necessary information will be furnished on application nt this office, d loo my 25 JOSEPH COLLIE, Secretary- ? A GFNF-7,!!'£j;!l0.winS Pcrsnsnro AGENTS -lX for the PENNY DAILY IIERALD, und wU deliver and receive payment for the panic „ JlELliOUltNE AND SUBUKBS. E Mr Jlorrouch Melbourne \V Jleearj C. Wiselioirt and Cot Spencer et, Hallway Station ""-toy Mr T. Hcndy, 33 Gertrude „ t atreet Last Colhngwood .. Mr Griffin, 21 Johnston strce East Melbourne and Simpson's road Mr Morrison Richmond, North . Mr Cooper Richmond, fcouth .. Mr Brncher, Church streeU u „ near tho Railway Bridge J m ii u 'i'i Ueydon, 30 Cardigan Btreo North Melbourne .. Mr W.Ingham Hawthorn ........ Mr Cooper, next to Post-othoa bouth Yarra and u>friVini,p VJ-t ' V ' ' Stoekwcll, 5 Essex street ' 8u Kilua & Windsor Mr Brothcrton, news agent, Junction Lmerald XII11 Benjamin and Nathan b:indridgc....i Hrberratt >\ ililnmatown Mr Roberts, Nelson plaoo! Kcw, Boorandarn .. MrT. Wheeler Kew Brunswick & Pent- Or/o Mr Wells Brighton Mr Clarke, Bay etrccV&es;? Itnilwny Station. . . t COUNTRY. Amhorat Mr Morris 1 Ararat Mr Cannon 1 Mr Flack Beeohworth Mr Jumes Ingram Ballaarat Mr J. H. Hammond ,).! Mr Weston nendj a Mr Henry Middletoa , Buokland Mr L. C. Kinchela Uunes , Mr Morrison Listlemalne MrVulo CroHwiek Creek .... Mr.iolm RoyoroR , l"",0lIyr Mr TV. Vczcy T.avle llawk, Sand- bbrst Mr J. Pfni«lan Geopnif ........ Messrs Franks and Jaokson 3 Gordon's & Jericho Mr S. Oollou " „'""P(LV Mr D.5L Csraeron, Hamllto Uoatlioate ........ Mr Jno. Dousall Itiglowood MrJ. F.KIihy jVfnttoa Mr W. F. Ncal lul more Mr J. Bruce. S«flnev street Mr Spooncr -utCreck.... Mr Cannon oandliutflt........ ., Mr«LT. UoU Talbot MrNorrls Taradale Mr Bailey 5 Yuckaudandoli .... Mr Darton Printed and Published by tho proprietors, F. . j Frankly and Co., at Tms Herald ofllo j BourkesnreeteftflttUo'iboanie | 