SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The business accomplished by Par- liament during the month has been small in amount. The Legislative Council have laboured with some diligence, but the results have not gone beyond the advance ment by a few stages, of the measures submitted to them. The Electoral Act Amendment Bill, the Local Government Bill, and the Customs Laws Amendment Bill, have passed through committee ; and the Immigration Bill, the Reforma tory Schools Bill, and the Youthful Offenders Bill, have been read a second time. The Immigration Bill will again be considered in committee on Wednes- day next. Some members have taken objection to the composition of the ad- vising body sitting in London, proposed to be created by the bill, and over this bone there has been consider- able skirmishing. It is hoped, how- ever, that the information brought by last mail, as to the formation of a Vic- torian Emigration Society in London (such as the Government contemplates), and the desire that has grown up amongst the Lancashire people to seek Australian shores, will induce a majority of the Council to fall in with the views of the Ministry and the Lower House. By the passage of the bill, a sum of about £25,000, now lying in the Treasury for immigration purposes, would be placed at the disposal of the Agent- General. ' The Industrial or Eeformatory School i Bill has been still less kindly treated. » Its object is to provide places to which " youthful offenders-of whom there aro , , many in this colony, generally children i deserted by one or both their parents ia ; the rush from gold-field to gold- field "j might be removed from gaol. As the bill left the LoAver House, it authorize 1 , the erection of such schools by privais / persons, who should afterwaids b3 entitled to claim the aid of the state ' Mr. Heales struggled hard in the As i sembly to give a" State charaöter to , ' these institutions, but his íepeated efforts p were successfully resisted by the Govern <\- ment. In the Council, however, an (f amendment Avas'proposed by Mr. Hervey on the first clause, which struck at the fundamental principle of the measure ; , and as ho succeeded in carrying it by J fifteen to fivo, Mr. Mitchell declined to 1 proceed further Avitli the bill until he ', should consult his colleagues. Thus stands the matter at present. In the Legislative Assembly, after a . warm and protracted discussion, a bill ' 'lias been read a second time to authorisa the bonowing of £200,000 by debentures, to be issued in the local market, for the l, purpose of erecting three lunatic asy r, lums-one near Melbourno, one at Ararat, and one at Beechworth. Con- siderable discussion took place as to the selection of Kew as the sito of the metro- politan institution, and a commission lias been issued to take evidence and report on the subject, A bill to gag the pres3 Las been intioduced by Mr. Ireland As laid befoio the Lower House, it re- vived the law of England on the subject as it stood in the days of George the Fourth, and mixed up with it some of the worab and most penal restrictions and provi- sions of an old act of the Sydney Legis- lature, dating norn the time of Governor 'Darling. Mr. Ii eland has few friends among the journals of this colony, and tlio attempt to interfere with tho liberty of the pi ess may be attributed more to personal motives than to anything in the journalism of Victoiia îendeiing a restrictive bill necessary. The measure, by the oppicssive character of tho re i Btrictions it imposed on their publica- tion, would have annihilated the country j. pi ess at one blow. It was received so 111, howover, by the House and the country, that it was immediately shorn t of most of its worst features. It is . probable we shall hear no moro of it. If it is peisevered with, the Government i ?which, supports it is certain of defeat. ' A bill to abolish the capitation tax on ., Chinese immigrants has been introduced ; and Mr. Duffy promises that his bill to . amend the Land Act shall be brought up , for its second reading early next monto. '" the assessments imposed on the pastoral o runs have so generally gone against the Government as to render an amend- ment of the Laud Act of l8 G2 necessary in that dnection. On Tuesday last, the marriage of the *, Princo of Wales and the Princess Alex i andi a of Denmark-of which news was r received by the March mail-was cele- brated throughout Victoria with the . greatest demonstrations of loyalty to \ tbe Crown and regard for the Royal " Family. The weather, unfortiinatcly, was \- unfavourable j but it will bo seen from ' tho elaborate report reprinted to-day, in a supplement, from The Argus of \- the 20th instant, that neither rain ] nor wind was allowed to interfere I with the demonstrations. Addresses ' . of congi'atulation have been presented , i to His Excellency for transmission to Her Majesty and tho Prince and Princess of Wales, from both Houses of Parliament, many municipalities, various incorporated bodies and charitable societies, the Cymru, the Caledonian Society, the working-men, etc. Her Majesty's birthday will be celebrated tomorrow with festivities scarcely less great, and the illuminations will be repeated in all the towns of the colony. His Excellency, who gave a public banquet on Tuesday last, will hold a . levée to-morrow, in honour of tho day. Mr. Bennett has resigned, for private reasons, his seat for tho Southern Pro evince in tho Legislative Council ; and Mr. J. P. Bear and Mr. Patrick O'Brien are contesting the vacant seat. Mr. Thompson (of Messrs. Kilpatrick and Co., jewellers, Collins-street) has been elected for Evelyn, in room of Mr. Jones. An assault committed by Mr. L. L Smith on Mr. Wood, Minister of Justice, 'iii theParliamcntaiy refroshmont-room which arose out _ of _a discussion, in the House, in the early part of the evening, and led to the ommittal of'Mr. L. L. Smith to the custody of the sergeant-at arms,.for breach of privilege-has led to the resignation of Mr. Smith. He ap- peals to the constituency of South Bourke for re-election. He will bo opposed by Captain Dane. The settlers of the Murrumbidgee have formally commenced a movement for the separation of that district from Now South Wales. A meeting, largely at- tended, has been held at Deniliquin, and a committee formed - to conduct the ' movement. The Legislature of Sydney is first to be petitioned, and the home Government will then bo addressed. War has again broken out in New Zea- land, the natives of Taranaki having taken the initiative. They waylaid (after warn- ing) the military escort, and shot, and afterwards tomahawked, a lieutenant, the doctor, and six privates of the 57th Regiment. General Cameron has pro- ceeded to the scene, and will, it is stated, take vigorous measures to re- establish the Queen's authority. It is full time that the Maories were taught to feel the weight of the English arm. They have provoked strong measures, and if the future welfare of England's colonies in New Zealand is cared for, the present opportunity will not be lost to put an end to the miserable struggles of the last few years, during which the peace of the Northern island has been broken, and the settlement of New Ply- mouth (or Taranaki) all but destroyed. Winter is now upon us, with re- freshing rains, which have already sup- plied abundant moisture in all parts of the colony for the purposes of the miner and the agriculturist. Our great want is precisely that which England and con- tinental Europe can most easily supply us with—more hands, to develope the resources of the colony, resources mul tiplied by fresh discoveries from day to day. The great social event of the past month has been, of course, the celebration of the marriage of the Prince of Wales and the Princess Alexandra, which took place on Tuesday last; and the demonstration was, In »li íespeots, worthy of the event and of tho colony. From tho moment the intelligence leached us of the splendid recoption given | to the " Sea King's daughter," and of her marriago with England's future Monaroh, \- ] reparations wero commenced on all /sides io do fitting honour to the occasion and Victoria has reason to be proud of the Buccess which nttended ' her efforts. Throughout the length and breadth of tho colony, there wero rejoicings on a larger or Bmaller scale in honour of the auspicious event, and everywhere the greatest enthu- siasm prevailed. The demonstration in Mol Jxmrno itself and the surrounding suburbs was on a scale which rather surpassed expac iationthan otherwise ; and certainly, through cut the day and night of Tuesday, the city -presented an unwonted and most brilliant appearance. Almost every house was gay with flogs and floral decorations, and with trans* tarent and illuminated devices of all kinds, Inoro or less appropriate to the occasion. Long lines of flags, too, of all nations and colours, stretched from house-top to house- top in all the principal Btreets, and 'the Illuminations at night gave Melbourne, soon from a distance, literally the appearance of a "city of fire." And the general effect was treat¡y heightened by the crowds of people who filled the leading streets throughout the day and evening. The one great draAvbiok lo the complete success of the demonstration vas the unfavourablencss of the weather. In this respect the colony was unfortunate ; and instead of one of those cloudless days pecu- liar to our climate, and which place even " Queen's weather" in England far in the ihado, we had a dismal sicy, and a constant downfall of rain from early morning until the ftftcrnoon was far advanced. This ciroum Btancc, of course, interfered sadly with the out- door portions of the demonstration, the proD03 tíons, the open- air ßta and sports, &o.; ; but ».though unfortunate in this respect, the re- joicings were, as wo have said, on the whole a great success. Perhaps one of the moat in ieresting features of the celebration was the presentation of addresses from various bodies to the Queen and to the Prince and Princess, and several of these were very handsomely jot up. The long and elaborate report of tho .rejoicings which accompanies our usual »monthly summary will doubtless bo ac- ceptable to home readers ; and they will seo irom it that the subjects of Her Majesty ia this rortion of the Southern Hemisphere have lot been far behind those nearer 'home In the expression of their loyalty to the Thiono and their attachment to the Boyal Family. To-morrow the city will again b3 nlmoBt as gay as on Tuesday last, in honour of tho Queen's birthday. The flags, the floral decorations, and the devices of all kinds, re- main as on Tuesday, and the city Avili again ]bo illuminated from an early hour in the evening until midnight:- If wo axe but fortu- nato as regards the weather, this second de- monstration may in some respects eclipso the first, successful as that waB. As might have been expected, Parliamentary business has been interrupted to a coniderable cxtont by the rejoicings; but still the Íiast month has not been an idle one with our c gislators. Tho Industrial and Reformatory Schools Bills, which wo hod occasion to allude to last month, in connexion with the Asscm fcly, are now engaging the attention of mein Jbers of the Upper Chamber ; and after getting Bafely over a rather stormy passage in tho Lower Chamber, they are likely to be ship- wrecked in tho Upper one. An amendment of Mr. Hervoy's, staking at one of the funda- mental principles of the first-named bill w*s carried by a majority of fifteen to five; end, having suffered that defeat, the Oom ïnÎBsloner of Bailways (Mr. W. H. V. Mitchell), declined to proceed further with Ihe bill until ho had consulted his colleagues. How tho Government will contrive to get over this difficulty remains to bo seen. Tho Immigration Bill is also under consideration in the Council; and tut slow progress is being made with it. In the Assembly, tho Public Buildings Loan Bill excited very considerable discussion, and it cost tho Government some trouble to carry St. Tho object of the bill is to enable the Ministry to borrow £200,000 on debentures Loaring six por cent, interest, for the orcctioa of three now lunatic asylums, a metropolitan and two country ones-the tirât to be built nt Kew, and the others at Ararat and Beech- worth respectively. These asylums are ren- dered necessary by the over-crowded state of the Yarra Bend, where there are something like 800 patients, while properly the asylum should not be burdened with much more than half that number. The commission-- composed of medical men-appointed some timo ago to inquire into tho wholo question affecting tho treatment of lunatics in the colony, and the advisability of retaining tho asylum on its jircflent site, have reported both against tho buildings and tho site, and they recommond ti o erection of a now hospital, with all the modern improvements, capable of containing E00 patients, on tho proposed Bite at Kow; and of two country hospitals, tho one, as we have said, at Ararat, and the other at Beech- worth. The new superintendent of the Yarra Bend has also expieised tho samo vleira ; and it is to give effect to tho recommendations of that report that tho Government introduced tho Public Buildings Loan Bill, which they suc- ceeded in carrying through all its stages, after a Btormy debato. Tho Upper House will mo3t likely assent to the measure as it stands. The Attorney-General, Mr. Ireland, for reasons best known to himself, introduced a bill which ho called, one to amend and consolidate the law "relating" to newspapers ; but which has baan, pcnerally termed11 Mr. Ireland's gagging bill." Had his views been adopted by the Assombly, the consequences would have been mo3tbiu3 ful to the greater portion of the newspapers of the colony. The opposition offered to tin measure, however, both in and out of Parlia- ment, was such as to show the Attorney-Gonoral that he had committed a mistake ia intro ducing the bill at all, and to induce him, previous to the debate on the second readiar, to modify the measure by the removal of on Î or two of its most objectionable feature i; but even in its altered form, it is not accept- able to a majority of the House, and cortainly not to the colony, and the likelihood is, thit it wUl not be persevered with. The Amendai Land Bill is likely to engage the attention of members previous to the close of the Beasioi. which it was anticipated at one time would end about the middle of next month. O a the night of Friday, the 15th, the Assembly was engaged for somo hours with-a second "breach of privilege case." But this timeit was a member, Mr. L. L. Smith-not a newspaper who outraged the dignity of the House. This matter is dealt with elsewhere. The settlers in the Riverine districts ara busily agitating for separation from N-w South Wales, and the formation of an iadä pendent colony. At a meeting held at Denili- quin recently, they formed what they have called the " Riverine Association," com- posed of a number of influential gentb mon.'charged with the duty of urging forward the independence of the Riverine districts. They have also sent home a petition to tin Imperial Parliament, 'sotting forth their da sires. That petition has been already pub iibhed in our columna. If the reply of th. Duke of Newcastle in the House of Lords, to a question respecting Australian boundaries, is to be token as an augury, the petition ia not likely to bo very favourably received by the home authorities. His Grace spoke ia the foUowing terms:-" As to the petition foe a separate colony to be formed out'of a dis- trict of South Australia east and Victor! * west, ho was not aware whether such an.ap Elication had been made before. He had, OAvever, received so many petitions fro tu various portions of these colonies for their erection into separate colonies, that, as far as New South Wales was concerned, he verily believed that if they had all been acceded tj, the town and neighbourhood of Sydney would be the only surviving portion of tha colony of New South Wales. It would ba bad policy to multiply these separate colo- nies to au indefinite extent, more especially until they were more thickly peopled. Of course, there would be the expense of a now Go . vernment, and difficulties would exist in regari to customs duties between different colonies. There were applications, no doubt, that must shortly be attended to. He had been recently appealed to, for instance, to form a new colony Botith of the Gulf of Carpentaria. The tim j had not yet arrived for such a step ; but tin progress of exploration and the vost influx of jieople into that pastoral district, Avould justify, before long, the establishment of one, if not two, additional colonies-one at Viofcorla River, and perhaps another a.t Albert Bivar. For-the present, however, deprecating these constant applications for separation, ho had decided upon this provisional arrangement that the largo district extending between th J Gulf of Carpentaria and Port Essington, and including an area of 730,000 square mil«, should be temporarily annexed, one portion to Queensland and another to South Aus tralla. He thought it would bo undesirable to sever the other districts, unless mora valid reasons than any he had yet heard could ba asBigned." , The Northam, with the March mails, arrived in the Bay on the afternoon of Sun- day, the 10th, after a pleasant and favourable run from Galle. South Australia was again unfortunate with her mails, the Wong* Wonga having broken down on her voyaga round from Hubson's Bay to Glenelg, to titi on the South Australian mails to the outgoing . steamer. These had, in consequence, to bs left behind ; and they wero subsequently bi ought here by the little coasting steam K Ant, and sont home by the Groat Britain. To prevent further disappointment, th» City of Melbourne was despatched from Hobson's Bay to the Sound, to meet the Northam, and take on the South Australian mails to Glenelg. Tho City of Melbourne had an unfortunate voyage, how- ever, having been compelled to lie-to for fifty hours in a cyclone ; and having failed in con- sequence to reach the Sound in time to inter- cept the Northam. Thus, with the incoming as well as tho outgoing mail, South Australl*. was disappointed. Her mails wero of courss brought on hero bjr the Northam, and then sent round to Adelaido by the Coorong. In connexion with the subject of immi- gration, Mr. Anderson, the Commissioner of Customs, recently laid on tho table of ths Assembly a despatch from the Duke of Newcastle to the Governor, enclosing reports from consuls in various parts of Franoa, Spain, Portugal, and Italy, with roferonce t j the probabilities of persons skilled in thi giowth and manufacturo of tobacco, tho culti- vation of the vino and olive, and the pressr vation of fruit, being induced to emigrat i fiom those countries to Victoria. These re- ports are not all encouraging; so much thi reverso are they, indeed, that the Duko of Newcastle suggests that "some intelligent persons" should bo sent from the colony tj leam the arts referred to. Tho reports soo v that the class of emigrants desired for tho pat pores enumerated is not likely to be obtalne i, chiefly from the strong attachmentwhichthesi people have formed for their native soil ; an! tbo only class that could be readily obtained iBJUBtthe one that'Victoria does not want those unable to do well in their own coun- tries, and who would not be likely to do much better hero. It will be soon that Mr. J. G. Knight is at present doing good servico to ths cause of immigration at home. The Austra- lian Gasetteolthe 21st March states that "a ' Vic- torian Emigration Society' had bepn formai at his instance, at the disposal of which Mr. Knight placed the £6,000 lately remitted ti him for immigration purposes by the Oo-n mitsioner of Customs, observing that ' ho fdlt satisfied the nominations made hy guntloinaa connected with the colony, and having a direct interest in it, would not be of unworthy persons.' A subscription-list was opened at the meeting (which was held at the London Tavern), and £800 subscribed to assist emi- grants to Victoria from the distiessed districts in procuring outfits, and a committee of ma- nagement was named." Nothing has transpired during the month as to the results of the sittings of the lats Intercolonial Conference ; but we observe thai Bonio speculation on the subjeot haB taken placo at Sydney. The first portion of the contract for the for- mation of the railway from Sandhuist t> Echuca ha3 been let, and the first sod has no v been cut. The contract is for four and a hilf miles. It will be remembered that the steamers Comet and Citizen were some time ago pur- chased, with the view of being employed in the river and local trade in New Zealand. Neither vessel was at all adapted for the usually stormy passage between Hobson's Bay and the New Zealand shores, and fears were entertained that neither steamer would ever reach its destination. These fears have bean realized, as nothing has been heard either of the Comet or the Citizen since their depar- ture. Under the impression that the crews might have been able to find refuge some where along our own coast, the steam war sloop Victoria recently made a lengthened but un- availing search for them ; she returned with- out finding the slightest trace either of vessels or men, and there seems to be no room left for doubt but that both steamers have gone down, with all on board. We have had a visit within the last few days from another foreign war ship, the Danish frigate Djambi. As in the case of the Bogatyr, she was thrown open on certain daya for inspection, but did not attract anything approaching the immense number of visitors who flocked to see the Russian corvette. The officers of the Djambi shared in the festivities of the past week. The Madras, with the out-going mails for England and the East, sails to-morrow at two o'clock. RESUMPTION OF HOSTILITIES IN NEW ZEALAND. The intelligence received from New Zealand during the month leaves little doubt that Governor Grey's " waiting policy" has failed, and that hostilities between the Maories and the British Government have again broken out. For some time past, all the reports received have concurred in stating that the feeling of the natives in the Taranaki and Ngatiruanui districts was decidedly hos- tile, and that, if the assistance of other tribes could be obtained, warfare was certain. The occupancy of the Tataraimaka block by a force under Colonel Warre has been the spark which has caused warfare to blaze out again. The block was taken possession of early in April, without opposition ; but alarming rumours became prevalent that the natives were preparing for a struggle, and that the friendly natives had been warned to be on their guard. Despite this, however Sir G. Grey is declared to have expressed himself satisfied with the look of affairs, and as a further concession to the natives, the Waitara block, the British title to which is said to be provable in any court of justice, was given up by proclamation. Ap parently emboldened by this conciliatory pro- ceeding, the Maories, towards the close of April, gave notice of their intention to stop the escort to Tataraimaka. This was not an idle threat, for on Monday, the 27th of April, the Taranaki natives waylaid the military escort, and shot dead, and afterwards tomahawked, Dr. Hope, Lieutenant Tragett, and six privates of the 67th Regiment. No provocation had been given, and the assault was unexpected. Private Kelly, the only survivor, states that when the escort reached the Wairau it was fired at from the scrub, twenty yards off. The soldiers returned the fire, and extended. At last the only three left alive were surrounded by about thirty natives. They retired firing, until relief came from Taraiwaka. Kelly is badly wounded. The Government has endea vouring to have this outrage passed over as a civil outrage or murder. Warrants were issued for the apprehension of the murderers, and a coronor's jury was empanelled, which declared that the Government, knowing the state of the roads, had not taken sufficient precautions. The funeral of the murdered men took place on the 7th of May, and was a solemn and imposing coiemony. On both sides, the outrage 13 looked upon as u deliberate and premeditated aot of hostility, and, unless the murderers are'given up, no- thing can pi event war. On their part, tha Wuikatoca have driven off all Europeans, taking poBseecion, at the same time, of all na- tue women and half- casto children living 1 with the settlers. Six hundred warriors, also, left for Taranaki, declaring that slaughter v euld commence immediately upon their ar- rivai there. The British uiihtiry authorities nie also preparing lor the Btiuggle. General Cameron's nerve aud determination are, ac- cording to local reports, absolutely relied on. It is known that ho has spared uo pains ti make himBelf maBter of thetopogiaphy of tin it-land, so as to obtain a broad view oc the struggle upon which we aro almost ceilninly enteimg. If there is a shad J of anxiety felt for his success it is fro eu tim possibility that ho may adhere to esta- blished system of warfare, and not choose t » adopt n suilicienlly light and rapid Btyle. Pi i vate letters state that General Cameron, ia the first inbtanco, tendered his resignation, but that it was íeiused, and consent was given to his piosecuting tho war with vigour. All ti 0 available British troops are to ho concen tiated in Taranaki, and tho militia aad ?soliinteers have been called out for activa F«\ice. Tho province of Taranaki is in a Et-lo of siege, and all Europeans living ou' Eide the blockhouses have abandoned thoir 1 fninis, and are now within'the lines. Our latest advices from Auckland aro to the 12tn of May. They state that tho Governor b.is confiscated the land upon which tho murdo« were committed, and that a detachmenc of tho 70th, from Otago, 320 men of the 40th, and 000 men of the 12th Eegiment, wera under orders for Taranaki. The Eclipse lafc Auckland ou the 9th, with 200 men of tho ëOtli and filly of the 70th Regiments. O.i the lltb, the rehooner Mavis, full of Maorie-), left Auckland The natives gave ironical cheers as they passed the wharf and the Caro- line gunboat. Vessels have been despatched to lemovc tho pettlera from Raglan, if neces Biny, and the militia emolment was going on I vigorously. VICTORIAN INVITATION TO DIS- TRESSED ENGLISH OPERATIVES. Now that the prolongation of the American struggle has disturbed tho minds of those \ who wished above all to koop tho distressed operatives of the United Kingdom within its Ehoics till better times came, thero is evoked n desire to mond matters by emigration. It need not bo repeated how heartily we sym- pathize Avlth the movement. We havo always been eager to place bofore the eyes of the people of England the advantages whic i our colony possesses, and which may be en- joyed bythosowho come to us either with capital or with labour, with which thiy de-né to gain something more than a bare f-tibsistence. Not only this, but.we have gou. fuither, and by our immigration regulations piovided large means of assisting tho3e who nie only deterred from coming hither by in- sufficient means. These hove lately "been greatly supplemented; aud in a recuit Government Omette it is announced th tfc persons here desirous of obtaining labour irs skilled in the manufacture of tobacc», wine, oil, fruit preservation, &c;, can pro- cure passage-warrants free of expense. Tue class who, however, aro most anxious to come to this colony aro not operatives of that kin 1, and an Assisted Emigration Society is bein.; foimed in London, with a view to send to u. opcratives from the distressed distric.3. B« tLib and otlier.schemes having tho same end CB they may, let each and all understand what this cquntry has to offer. Ootton Eçinners may find the avocations of colo- nists not so easy at first, but Victoria h is ever proved a beneficent parent to thoie who have dealt fairly by her. It moy with truth ho said that no branch of labour is fairly supplied hire; and where the demand seems for a moment to he less than the supply it is only because trade-unions and silly, and of courso fruitless, attempts to keep up the pi ices of the gold-fever times have unnatu- rally depreciated enterprise in that direction. Victoria combines more of the advantages of old and now countries than almost any other colony. Our centres of population aro num. j rous and admirably organized, while agricul- ture in all its branches,, our gold mines, and a thousand other modes of labour aro largely fol- lowed, and their demands scantily supplied. We offer no longer a lottery of prizes in gol I nuggets, but the field of labour hero is m Ftubbom soil, but has always burne good fruit to patient exertion. Our land system has of course been the object of gross mis repiesentation on the port of those sham friends of the working classes, Avho find their best supporters among the most gullibl-i and the least educated. But one thing is certain, that if mistakes have "been made, their only cause has been the eager desire to make the acquirement of a homestead easy to all, nor has that desire slackened. We cannot offer the prospect of almshouses or union Avorkhouse?, but that is because wa have had no need of them in a country .whero the only beggars are tho maimed, the halt, and the blind, and those the laziest of their sort. The poorest wages given hera would ho accounted very high in England, and the necessaries of Ufe,-cheap, and grow- ing cheaper daily. These are facts whici reed no careful icseaTch to discover ; they ara upon the surface of our social life, as thosa v> ho nccopt our invitation will find out. FRACAS IN THE HOUSES OF PARLIA- | ,MENT. On the evening of Friday, the 15th inst., a scene occmre'd within the walls of Parliament tv hich, happily for the credit of the colony, is w ithout parallel in the annals of the Victorian Legislature The Minister of.Justice, Mr Wood, was deliberately assaulted by the hon| member for South Bqurke, Mr. L. L. Smith.' in the presence of the Chief Secretary, the Attorney-General, and other members of tho Government. The assault was committoi under the following circumstances ¡-Early in the evening a motion was discussed ih the Legislative Assembly, in committee, in favour of a sum of money being granted to the muni- cipal councils and othor local bodies towardB the general rejoicings in com- memoration of the marriage of tho Prino3 of Wales. Tho motion was propose! by Mr. Smith, and it was opposed by th" Government, on the ground that the loyalty of every district in the colony would Be aburi dnntly manifested without any subsidy boin* grautcd by the state. In the course of th. dificussion, Mr. Wood said that such motions tended to degrade the loyalty of the colony to the level of a quack advertisement, intending no doubt, by this expression to throw out an! innendo ngainst the occupation followed by Mr. Smith, who is an, advertising doctor. The motion was rejected, and the House then adjourned for refreshments. .About half ar- bour afterwards Mr. Smith went into the r> freshment-room, and proceeded to the table ?where the Minister of Justice, the Chief Sjcra tary, and other members of the Governm out were seated. Mr. Smith asked the Minister of Justico to retract what ho had said, but obtaining no satisfactory answer, ha de- manded, in a more peremptory tone, " Will Îou, sir, apologise ?" Mr. Wood replied, " No '11 seo you d-d first," whereupon Mr! Smith immediately struck him across the face with his hand. He then ran round the table. The Minister of Justice sprang up to ÍOBOAV him, but was caught by tho ana and held by the Chief Secretary, who afterwards summarily ejected Mr. Smith from the room wliile the Attorney-General called for a con- stable, intending to give the hon. member into custody for assault. Before the arrival of the office-, however, Mr. Smith entered tau Legislative Chamber, to shelter himself from anest under " privilege." When the Speaker took tho chair again, at tho expiration of the refreshment hour, the Attorney-General stated what had occurred. Mr. Smith admitted tha assault, anel stated that he had acted in tho belief that tho refreshment-room was beyond the privilèges of the House. The Speaker said that the assault was a gross breach of the pri- vileges of tho House ; and, after two hours' discussion, a motion, proposed by the Attor ney General, to the effect that the hon. mem- ber should bo taken into the custody of the sergeant-at-arms for a breach of prlvllega, was carried with only oue dissentient volf) Tho Speaker issued his warrant, and Mc. Smith was at once taken into custody by tha Bergeant-at-arms. After tho disposal of tin business on the paper, Mr. Heales submitted a motion for the dischargo of Mr. Smith froTi custody without payment of fees (whloh amounted to £105), on his making an ample apology to the House and to Mr. Wood. Mc. Lalor suggested that the hon. member should first petition the House. This suggestion wa? adopted ; and Mr. Sullivan Boon afterwards brought up a petition from tho bon. member, praying for release. A motion, to the effect that Mr. Smith should be brought to the bar of tha House was then adopted, and Mr. Smith was brought up accoidingly. The lion, member read the following apology :-" Mr. Speaker, I havo to regret that, in a hasty moment, I was betrayed into a breach of tho privileges of tha Houso, by committing an assault on the hon. member for Warrnambool. I scarcely know what words will be held sufficient for this pur- pose, but I desire to employ whatever lan- guage may most fullv convey my sorrow tor what has occurred. I trust that the House arid tho hon. member, Mr. Wood, will accept my sincero apology." Mr. Smith then retirai from tho bar, still in custody; and Mr. HoaloJ proposed a motion to tho effect that he should now bo discharged from custody, without pay- ment of costs. The Attorney-General opposai the motion ; but as tho House would not mest,, again until after the marriage rejoicings, ,an I as this was the first offence of the'kind for- mally brought under notice, lion, moruben generally were disposed to act leniently, and the motion was carried, without a division. Mr. Smith was then discharged. He has since resigned his seat for South Bourke. THE GOLD-FIELDS. The miners have now mostly taken-up their quarters for the winter, and though their numbers have not been much increased again by men returning from New Zealand, yet the yield of gold is wonderfully well main- tained. Beyond the changes usual at this season, in a general resumption of puddling operations, and the occupying of ground only available as wet-weather diggings, nothing of special importance has occurred lately. Our ; lntfc new rush on a large Beale has turnad out'pretty well, BO far, though the Ma- jorca leads aro not likely to becoau famous for their richness. Still, the deposits now being opened up there appear to be of considerable oxtent, andtbis alonéis a mattoe of no little consequenco where many mea collect in ono spot. Surrounded, as Majorca is, by older diggings of moro or less fame, tho hope of further discoveries was as much an at- traction as the actual yield of gold at first; anl this hope may yet be realized, for the leads aro heading towards the old workings at Gib- raltar, where some very rich patches and largo nuggets were formerly found. There bus been a rush also to the once-famous Lamplough, where a couple of years since a large population was employed, with widely varying success. This place has since suffered the fato of so many other gold-fields of tha Efimo transient character, and been almost deBOrted: but the discovory of a continuation of one ot the lost leads there bas brought the old name into notice again. At Mount Green- ock, too, where work has been carried on for Eomy yoars past without any very decided re- mits, the true lead would only appaar to have been just struck, and with such a yield that the anticipations formed at the time of the first rush would appear to he approaching towards realization at last. Tho Blue Mountain country-littla thought of for a long timo except as a piao > where anyone inclined to sink for it could got gold enough to supply his most urgent wants, and this within a foot or two of the surfacD has gradually gained the character of afforl ing really good poor- man's diggings, and a3 the population has increased, some very pro- mising reefs have been opened, and richer de- posits have been found in deeper ground. Ia ihe mountainous country towards Gipps Land discoveries have been few of late, and evi- dently because-tho number of people in that diiection not having been increased for soma time past-they havo no need as yet of wasting time in search of fresh deposits. Thus tho alluvial minors are entering on tha winter months with a very fair prospect btforethem. In quartz-mining, too, there has been an. improvement during the last few weeks, aud wc have again to record one of the largo yield* lor which the Inglewood district has heen si often mentioned-namely, l,G83oz.l6dwt. fron 470 toaB of stone out of tho claim held by tha discoverers of the Jersey Rcof, a claim wide1! has afforded many such leturns before. Amongst tho smaller yields obtained about t^o same time were200oz.froml00 toMofstonji, 05ez.8dwt.from edeven tons, eighty-two ounoav from thiity-one tone, fifty ounces from twolva tone, 4Ö0Z. lldwt. from eleven tone,' and 34oi. Ifcdwt. from fourteen tons, all out of claiun î ou different reefs. The lost yield announce I I from the Pyrenees Reef was 206oz. from toa h lons, but tho ciushings of stone from this , appear to be now few in number. A lot of foity-two tons from one of the îeefs at li Oallum's Creek, not far from the site of the 1 Majorca rush, produced 125oz. 5dwt,, and a littlemore than eight tons from another of , tho reefs in the Maryborough district pro- duced 72oz. lldwt. In tho M'lvor district , theio have been one or two more antimony reefs discovered during the month, and the yield of gold has beentvell maintained besides. 1 Thus, thirty tons from one of the reefs prv duccd 200oz the week before last, seven tons from another ninety ounces, and thirty-five 1 tons from a different vein in the samo claira I 102oz. lOdwt. The dlillneSB so long con_ t plained of in the Bendigo district appears ti be parsing away, and some new reefs hava been lately opened, one of these in the Whip- stick having caused a ruBh which led tD ¡ the discovery of good alluvial ground ne ir. Amongst the yields lately reported was one of ninety ounces from twelve tons from tha Lawrence, and 109oz. 18dwt. from twenty eight tons out of a claim on Johnson's Resf. A lew good yields bnvebeen obtained in tti3 Castlemaine district; but the reaction thora docs not apppar to have commenced yet, at letst on the older reefs. One lot of twonty ftiurtons from the Vineyard Reef producil mnety-four ounces, and another of elovoi tons thirty-five ounces. Tho Argus-hill com» next in point of yield j but the newer reefs at the Coliban are affording bitter returns th ,1 cither. Six tons from one of these produc3l 69oz. 12dwt, and eight tons from anotlnr diez. 16dwt., the total yield from four sepi rato lots, in all thirty-nine tons, havta? been 243oz. 8dwt. Better still are the two fol- lowing yields from Adams's Reef at Daylesford, namely one of 142oz. from seventeen tons, »nd the other of 200oz, from thirteen tons. 1 he Ballarat and Clunes reefs, as always, ara only remarkable for a moderate and stevly yield from large quantities of stone. Thî bot known of the Ballarat companies hava bien lately eclipsed by the Defiance, which vas able to declare dividonds of £70 on eaoi sh.no for two successive Weeks, and £50 for a third, having broken into a very rich part of llio gutter in their claim. TheGreatExtendoi Company has not been paying so largely as lu fore, their dividend for one fortnight havin r bein £82, and for the next fortnight £40 p»r si are. Tbo dividends of the Koh-i-noor aal Nelson companies ranged from £25 to £80 for ti e same periods. Tho nuggets found during ibu month wero few, the largest weighia? filly ounces, and this was picked out, wita, others of smaller size, from previously nog luted portions of old ground in the Castlo iMiino district. AGRICULTURE. About this time we usually have an approxi- mate abstract of the agricultural statistics lor ihe twelvemonth ending with March, atti that foi tho last year, just published, shows a end falling-off in tho item of breadstuffs. Th > rapid increase" of a few yoara led to the bo lief that wo would very shortly be self-sup- porting in this respect; but in this ono eoasod wc find a decrease again of 015,243 bushels of .«heat, 35,009 acres less having been sown with that crop than in tho provions year. Tha total quantity produced, according to thoss returns, was 2,992,484 bushels, whllo for the consumption . and seed of the our- lent twelvemonth, we should havo at least four millions and a half. The low prloaj ruling of. late have caused a preference to bo given to other crops ; and, though thU wa« known to be the case,it was not expected that the deficiency would he so great. The averajra yield per acre-a little over eighteen bushels and a half-was Eomewhat belter than that of the previous year, but still far below out old overages of twenty-two and twenty-throa bushels,-anatutaliesult of tho ordinary ex- haustive system of faiming heie. Of oats, generally tho more profitable grain to grow, there AVOS an increaso of 338957 bushels, on ÏG 380 acres, and tho aA'erage yield was a httla ottr twenty-three bushels to the acre; nob much below that of the year pievious, hut several bushels less than tho yield of tha year before that again,-another evidence of the sad want of a change of systom, now that a large extent of now land is not broken up every year. The demand for barley having leen stimulated by tho wants of the country brewers and the preference given to colonial malt, when ¿t can bo obtained, the number of acres under this grain was nearly doubled, but still the number is far too small, only 6,753 in all. The average yield was also tho best for three years past, a little over twonty ihree bushels to tho acre. Theso averages are not high, but it must bo remembered that all tolerably good land is sown year after year with white crops, and without the application of manure, except in a few rare instances. In re- tard to potatoes, as well as breadstuffr, there was also a decrease of 2,443 in the number of ocrea, and of 9,257 ia the number of tons. Of this iqot the yield was littlo over two tons to the acre, but it was thought in the early part of summer that the crop tvould have been almost a total failure, owing to the drought. Hay made fiom cereals is one of the principal orop3 near all the large towns, and the increased breadth of land dovoted to this AVOS 27,323 acres, the increase in the total produce having however been only 18,462 tons, showing a fall iug-off in the average general yield of threa hundred weights to the acre. No gi eat quan- tity of grass is cut here for hay, but there was an addition of 10,768 to the number of acres laid doAvn with artificial grasses for permanent pasture, the total number now being 23,422. This shows the ndvance steadily, though not very rapidly, being made in the f.yttem of keeping more stock, especially sheep, on the arable lands. There was also a considerable increaso in the quantity of man- golds grown, which root alone is raised to any extent for stock, turnips being seldom tried now. In the number of acres under tobacco, there was a large proportionate increase, and ti o yield Avas very much better than was anti- cipated. Our vineyards received in the one year nu addition of 500 acres, and quite as many more will be planted this year, if the increase be not still greater. To sum up the principal items, there tvere under wheat last year 101,253 acres, producing 2,992,484 bushels; un dei oatB, 107,391 acree, producing 2,475,387 bushels; under barley, 0,765 acres, producing 141,577 bushels ; undor potatoes, 24,731 acres, pioducing 50,107 tons : under hay, 101,391 acres, producingl09,847 tons : under artificial grasses, 23,422 acres ; under tobacco, 498acros, produoing 3,993 cwt. of leal ; and under vines, J.0C4 acres, producing 79,491 gallons of wine, 28 gallons of brandy, and 14,292 owt of crapes, sold for consumption in their natural Btate. Considering the very unfavourable character of last spring and Bummer, the yield of most crops waa good, the bad effects of the drought hav- ing been most severely felt, as before, on the long-tilled and partially-exhausted lands. Ihe farmers havo had up to the present timo a most favourable autumn for getting in tho «ops for next year; and as ploughing com- menced so early, thero ought to be a largo ad- dition to the acreage under the plough. The weather continues mild and warm for tho time of year, and feed for stock is most abund- ant everywhere,somuchBothatthemarkotsaro now over-supplied with sheep and cattle. Tho dread of disease is evidently one reason for the haste in disposing of aa many animals 'OBpoEsible whilo fit for the butcher, and in- deed, we are Bony to say, a sufficient valid one. Pleuro-pneumonia is spreading fearfully juit now, and has oxtended to Gipps Land, notwithstanding tho precautions taken by tha Bettlers thero, anxious to make the most of the credit of having a clean district, and a consequent monopoly of the export trade to Tasmania and New Zealand. The rot is also extending rapidly amongst the sheep, and it js hard indeed to find a flock free from it. A bill to prevent the sale or removal of dis- eased cattle, and to provide for a strict in- spection of all animals slaughteied, has beau laid before Parliament, but no further action 3B to be taken on the subject until the Pleuro pneumonia Commission has brought up its report, now, wo believe, in course of pra paiation. THE VOLUNTEER FORCE. Few incidents of interest in connexion with the Volunteer force have transpired during he past month. Now that winter weather has set in, morning parades, have been gene- rally abandoned, and the drilling the man receive is given in the evening. Nearly all the corps aro provided now with 8UÍ.3M0 drill rooms, and tho tvork of instruction, there- fore, is not much interfered with. That the movement is a3 vigorous as over, is proved by applications' having been recently received from Beechworth, Kyneton, and. othor inland towns, for leave to form^ocal rifle corps. It has not been thought advisable to deal with these requests until Parliament has taken action upon the Volunteer Bill before it, and modo known upon what basis ? the force is to stand for the future. The i sooner the Legislature does move in the matter the better, for the present state of un- ' certainty ÍB hurtful in more ways than one. A general parade of tho Melbourne aad suburban corps took place upon Tuesday, the 19th of May, the day appointed for tho cele- bration of the marriage of the Prince of Wales. Owing to the extreme inclemency of the weather, the attendance, instead of being un- usually largo, as AVOS expected, was small. The parade AVOS eorly in the morning ; thera was nothing to do beyond firing a feu de joie, and as the rain was foiling ¡ heavily all the time, those who did at- tend gave au unmistakable proof of their loyalty. The men marched post Brigadier General Chute, the newly-arrived comm auder .of Her Majesty's forces in the colonies : aad the general, at a banquet given by His Excel- lency the Governor the samo evening, took occasion to state tho high opinion ho had formed of the efficiency of the force. Indeed, he said he had never seen corps acquit them- selves more creditably. The Victoria Rifle Club held their second meeting, at the Sand- ridge Rifle Butts, on Saturday, the 2nd of | May. The result of the meeting was to show a marked improvement in the snooting of the volunteers. Tho improvement may be illus- trated by the fact that three men scored as much in one instance as the whole of the ten ,Victorian champions did in their match ivith ten of the colony of New South Wales. The | chief prize offered was won by Mr. W. Peterson, of the St. Kilda Rifle Company, who ¡made a total score of ninety-seven marks in ten rounds at 700, 800, and 900 yards. His score at tho 903 jards range-six bulls' eyes and four centre3 -has never been equalled in the colony. The silver medal presented annually by the Na- tional Rifle Association has been received by the Victoria Rifle Association, and' it is the | intention of that body to hold its next meet- ing in the month of October. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. The returns of the Immigration department for the month of April have been published. The arrivals at all ports of the colony num- bered 4,067, and the departures 2,122,' the balance being 1,915 in favour of the population of the colony of Victoria. Of the arrivals, 4,061 lander! at Melbourne, 3 at Geelong, and 8 at Port Albert ; and of the departures, 2,105 Balled from Melbourne, 2 from Geelong," 5 from Warrnambool, and 10 from Port Albert. Ihe ages and Boxes maybe thus classified : Arrived, 2,343 udult males, 1,205 adult females 238 male, nnd 221 female children ; departed/ 1,289 adult male-, 412 adult females, 204 male, and 187 ioma'? children. The intercolonial migration wai evenly balanced, tho colony of Victoria gaining in the aggregate 48 persons. Ihe following digest of the 'return gives a clear insight into the movements of tha month : - li ft .I a lion South Walca .. ., fäoülh Australia .. Ii CM Zealand 840 £82 318 Q05 3 CO 221 77 1200 £8 241 20 241 Totals nolglibourlntjcolo United Kingdom .. ¡ .. foreign ports ,. 1911 2071 ,85 11873 228 20 809 1812 05 201 Deduct docreaao., ,. 4067 2122 2122 2200 201 201 Net Increases .. .. 1045 1945 In the following table' the arrivals aal departures aro given monthly up to the ciwi «.f last month, compared with those of previous year :- T*° ol «.«Ü The population of the colony ¿KftrTsÙ* feeneral : Population on tho 81at| December, 1802 . Incrcaso of female popula-l tlon by oxcoss of imml-l gration ovor emigration (by sea), during tho quar- ter ending 81st March.! 1808 , .. .' Incrcaso by oxcosa of births over deaths, during the quarter ending 81st March, 1803 Decrcaso of malo popula tlon by excess of emigra- tion ovor Immigration (bj sen) during the quarter ending 81st March, 1868. 1 Totals .. Incrcaso of females durlngl thoquartor Decreaso of males and por »OP8 during tho quarter.. Nora.-Tlio total number of pomona colony by tea during tho quarter w ?B hlch number 12,C4st emigrated to Now tho South Seas. Males. Females 825,689 229,611 - lil 084 1,206 230,927 820,678 7,630 819,043 230,027 - 1,116 6,640 - ¡Persora, 666,1011 2.Í7B «7,501 H9,97a" who left the «16,033; of ZoaUudioi THE THEATRES. During tho post month the principal topia cf interest in the dramatio world ¡Ta- been the revival of Shakspearo's "Riclmni the Third,'; with Mr.'Barry SulUvaiT« Gloster; and the tragedy being produceel ?Rith enthely new scenery, dresses, and aa pointments, with a large number of Buperira tueraries to give effect to the court ana the battlo scenes. Without reaching the» grandeur and completeness of tho cele- brated revivals at the Princess's in Lon- don, under the management of Oharlej Kean, the production of "Hicham ti. Third*» at tie Royal on Saturday Sa «st., was of a character and promifo which give reason to behevo that it will be followed up by similar and greater efforts, especially as during the present seven nights' rna the theatre has been crowded every evenine anil cn several occasions there has been a perfect crush m pit, stalls, and gallery. Mr.'ßarr» Sullivan has made a most favourable impres- sion here in tragedy, m spite of some disacl yontages attending his first short c-gauement w consequence of being surroundedliy a com- pany got together in a hurry, and almost as if selected by chance, with very little ability to relievo the overpowering dulness of the rest TW wi"lh.a. good company to back hu efforts, Mr. Sullivan is making way Wa haye also to notice the successful début of Miss Quinn, as Lady Gay Spanker, in "London Assurance; but previous arrangement. foibad any proposition of any proionirad Pigent engagement. Tho promise of ability which Miss Quinn's career as a child-actress held out has been moro than fulfilled, and her future upon the Btnge will be full of golden honours, if, instead of remaining satis lied with present success, Bhe look higher and up to the standard of the fame of the great votaries of Melpomene and Thalia The Haymarket Theatre continues to rely upon the combined attractions of Mr. Jef- ferson, the American comedian, arid the re- vival .of English burlesques, with a small adulteration of colonial wit for seasoning. Mr. Jefferson's representation of American cha- racter haB mado him one of the most popular comedianB that have appeared here, and his histrionic ability and evidently strong desire Jo please in a measure compensate for a very bioad Transatlantic accent, which is, of course, quite out of place in the personation of Englishmen in any degree of life. Mr. Jefferson has lately been also playiDg in bur -Icsque, in which the defect above mentioned is scarcely noticeable, because cxtrtwagnn... las no rigid rules. " The King of the Pea- rt cks," " Once upon a Time there ti ere Two Kings, ' " Mazeppa." and latterly " Fayre Ro- samond," havo all been produced m suc- re Fsion, in the latter Mr. Jefferson played Queen Elinor. The Haymarket has been doing good business all the month. SPORTING, &c.; The turf season of 1862-3 has just drawn tu a closo with the fag-end of the provinciit meetings, not worth a BUmmary notice. All that is now doing is in tho work of piepara tion, and In the open days, where good grounl ran be got, the thoroughbreds may be seea doing gentle work, as our tiainers non begin to Bee the ' advantage of a prolonged, rather than a fast, education for the young ones in- tended for the spring season. The chnUen?e tent home to England by Mr. Walter Craig 1 y the Great Britain, would, if accepted, be eagerly backed by both New South Wales PI d Victoria: but the fear is enter- tained that it will not be taken np by any English sportsmen, although it is tho opinion of the best judges of racing that a third or fouith rate English horse .nould make our animals think very "small potatoes " of themselves. Aquatic sports continuo to incrcaso in favour, and although the régulai boating nason is now over, the mildness of an Aus 1'nljan winter admits of the amateur crews pi fctisiDg weekly, or offener, as oppoitunity ar.d a clear sky can be secured in combina- tion. '1 ho principal cricket clubs in the metro- polis and suburbs are now busy in the work of impiovement of their grounds for the com iEg reason. In some, the plough isntwork, ici the sowing of English grass ; in others English trees are being planted, in others fencing, and in all signs of activity and pre- paration arc to be noticed. COMMERCIAL. The mail steamship Northam, with tho English mails of the 26th March, and with dates ¡by telegraph to April % arrived in Hobson's Bay punctually on tho day tho mails wero due at the Postoffico (Sunday, the 10th inst.), and the letters wero in the hands of tho public early on tho following day. On this occasion thero was no prelhninary telegram from Adelaide, one of tho steamers employed by the South Australian Govern- ment in the branch mail service having beea compelled to put back, and the second steamer dt ppaf ched having failed to catch the Northam at King George's Sound, in consequence of the severity of the gales which prevailed along 1be coast. The news was looked for wita more than ordinary interest; tho effect of it vill be found fully treated of in other columns. In the markets there have been but few changes alnco the delivery of tho malls. Tno gi eds advised as on the way aro generally steh as are Buitable to the demands of cpn fumers here and in the neighbouring colonies; lutin many instances tho quantities are ia OCÍB8. The returns of the nine banks carrvingori 1 ur-iness in the colony for the first quarter o£ the current year have been published In wa (?cicmnent Gazette, in accordance with the act of Council 4th Viet., No. l8. Tbo fol- lowing is a statement of tho aggregate averages, compiled from these official returns. Tlie liabilities and assets representtrausac tic ns within the colony only. Tbo last three items includo the capital, profit«, and alvi dendt of all the branches of tho several establishments. The average of the last halt yearly dividends declared was at the rate ot elet en and two-fifths per cent, per annum on . the capital paid up :- m NctcB in cnculation. '«TiXi Bills in circulation . lio'w Baliinces duo to other banks ... .¡^%'í¡¡i Deposits not bearing interest ... »'?K',,j Deposits bearing interest .S'ïXÎMi/i Total amount of liabilities. M Coin .1,772,833 Bullion and bars . *'7¿J° Xandcd property . ?ii',i« Notes and bills of other banks ... If, ' Balances duo from other banks. ... -^riji Government securities * . BofW Debts due to the banks, including notes, bills of exchunge, and all Stock and funded debts, except note«, bills, and balances due from other banks.0,743,053 «Trini amount of assets.12,800,153 amount of capital stock paidup ... 6,675,953 Ooflastdividendsdcclarcd . 405,135 O of reserved profits. 1,405,251 li, making oui cuetomaiy comparison of itoe amounts with the like of the previous marlu ive find that tho banks have broughb far business within narrower compas. Xriii- tbo first three months of the ye ir. «illi the e\odus of 12,000 consumers, tb.3 ten («s of tl10 colony has, for the tima, "uioiudit- ilf from natural causes Tikinc ii» returns of the fiist quarter of 18G3 against .at of tho last quarter of 18G2 we fini n dtcreas". in notes in circulation, of «¡10,7 in depobit3 not bearing interest, Í? M H3 m deposits hearing interest. «r f 16-3038, in the total amount of SiD-ilic. of £3(33,597, m coin of £83,371, ia S and bullion of £86,825, in debts due ta RMIIS (discounts, &o;) of £262,284 and in Se total amounts of liabilities of £478,919. .ter. »vasasmall increase of £6370 ia tb.3 vaho of bndid property, and another of jMHÎ m Goteinmont securities held The nak un capital was mcronsed by £62,198, the S puil ia elmrtuids by £10,000, and the Sied profits by £19,228 For the purpo3a of affording further comparison, wo give ia the following tibio the aggregate aveiage3 of lie mun ban!« s quarterly, for two years past. In this case, ab>o, the last three items refer to Ile entire capital accounts of tho institu- tions Hw nJuaindcr tiansoctions tvithin tha (otonj only - - 2nd Quarter, 1861. Srd Quarter, 1861. 4th Quarter, isa 1st Quarter, 1862. . 2nd Quarter, 1862. Srd ? Quarter, 1802. stth Quarter, 1862. 1st Quarter, 1863\. . Notes in circulation Doposits, not bearing in Do., bearing interest .. Total liabilities £ ' 1,700,992 67,750 4,692,551 2,071,630 9,ino,ñ.ri7 £ 1,004,423 09,958 4,311,389 2,507,450 S,0S7,.->!S 2,012,47S 431,339 600,5-17 C2.0.-.2 0,451,017 12,774,57.1 0,30'í,l7S £04.30^ £ ' 1,650,211 83,223 4,252,279 2,740,330 S,S3n,37-l 1,530,734 610,(110 r;i0,lS2 78,067 D.53S.110 X2.857.870 £ 1,542,480 80,908 4,326,702 2,502,790 8,903,400 1,781,852 544,090 618,095 87,078 0,138,387 12,347.378 C.50O.SS3 £ 1,470,806 102,605 4,347,748 3,223,052 9,350,040 1,913,431 482,307 622,005 39,67« 0,205,0119 12.020,200 0.512.SSS ÍÍS2.044 1.121.0J0 £ 1,409,820 117,495 3,021,452" 4,0S2,GGG 9,780,129 1,S."S,097 40S.4G1 521,030 81,033 0,070,873 13.OOS.242 £ 1,494,705 110,488 4,126,81S 3,992,775 9,927,079 1,S50,204 494,441 504,949 S0.600 10,005,342 13.30D.102 0.023.-ÏCO £ 1,432,808 78,144 4,065,375 3,S3S,777 9,503,482 1,772,833 Landed property.. 1 Go\ eminent -securities .. Debts due to bimlts ITotrt anaces 1 Pal J-uv» caîiIUil . . lAiiiount of luat dHiaciü 5.'i!),74ri .i'i7,CSl 64,507 0.2SU.32S 12,818,331 407,010 611,319 86,047 0,743,050 12,800,153 0,675,058 Subjoined is a table exhibiting side by sida (bo returns of each bank separately for the ant quarters of 1862 and 1863 : BAMt OP AUSTRA-ABIA. First Quartors. 1802 1803 Mu In circulation .. £258,704 ¡6-74,231 Bills In clrculntiou .. 0,422 78,14. leienitsnotbearlngiiiterest 882,277 883,08 Do kanni; Interest .. 456,073 053,100 Totti lltliliiUc. . .. 1,015,007 1,828,(18. Coin .. 205,845 801,023 Bullion .. 74,876 40,003 land«! property .. 100,220 100,037 .A tts.itlbl-.of other banka 8,530 23,043 Debts duo to the bank .. 1,501,020 1,757,419 Totti assets .. 1,050,001 2,284,255 BAM. OP VICTORIA, i Notes in circulation . .. £812,351 £204 073 Ililli in circulation . .. 10,307 10.35S Ucj OMI, no1 bearing Intorost 810,012 830,031 Bo b&imiif; interest .. 472,025 024,767 Tol.1 liabilities Celn *?!* ' " "' 108,020 "ó-íóra 1,052,095 1,790,21t 305,105 872,123 J-n'-proporty '.'. '.'. "rö',0_7 Úl'.Sja I oi raient securities .. - 50,009 A« MU i lu h of othorbank. 12,083 10,18i M. dm to tho bank .. 1,608,880 1,450,843 TiUtsct. .. .. 2,030,013 2,210,402 IH\ic or* NEW SOOIII AVALIB. V& in circulation .. £220,113 £203,08! Ellun ilrculition .. 1,020 4,301 1K| t,,not hearing interest 700,801 504,019 ti be-iriiin interest .. 823,025 582,101 le llubilitics . .. 1,204,140 1,407,039 Ci . ... 244,331 181,002 ti tu . .. 80,873 64.72S 0 uniment securities .. 87,087 85,047 Util I roporty .. 69,061 63,000 -ti» iel luils of other banka 18,072 10,003 M I» duo to the bunk .. 1,262,485 1,200,353 It.li.mls . .. 1,708,800 1,670,009 TjMOS BAMt OP AlISTiU-IA. Vtnuiclictilitiori . .. £105,293 £176,113 El's inciruihuon .. 29,1<0 23,o3S lli|oils,hennu interest .. 250,771 887,013 ti not bc-innrr interest .. 090,002 034,63. Lil ilttit. . 1,105,707 1,220,593 ton .. .. 200,082 277,071 Hulk u . .. 48,02U 36,431! Un lui iropcrty . .. 01,222 41,Bar" l- i and lulls ot oilier banks 12,621 17,5)3 s due to tho bank .. 1,205,701 1,323,431 ToUl assets .. . 1,637,810 1,000,03. COLOMAL BANK or AUSTRV_A_IA. Ailes in circuí itlon . . £103,170 £00,459 Hi U in cirtuliition . .. 1,403 1,1« Uti «Its, not bearing Intorost 403,292 35tyi32 Do, licarni0'interest .. 331,807 805,762 Ttt 1 liabilities .. .. 1,033,004 80:1,211 Com . .. 210,110 187,005 Bullion . .. 12,007 8,211 Ui ded proporty .. 41,702 44,807 J, itsaudbilhoiothcrbanks 7,705 11,703 Debts duo to tho bank .. 1,183,702 1,185,601 Tohl assets . . .. 1,500,081 1,309,673 Omi NTAL BAHK CoKrORATION. liles in circulation .. .. £171,127 £146,413 Di Mn etalntion .. 8,330 9,28 L llqosltsiiotbejrintrintcrost 222,271 203,095 ho lieannsInterest.. .. 471,677 493,07a Tot ii liabilities .. .. 8*15,531 854,23? Bullion 105,427 182,039 ',,1 .. .. 12V2- 104,843 \ . I.Wt-/ " " i0.°00 4<>,033 * 'ima billa of othor banka 0,852 10,853 iii Is due to tho bank .. 741,603 600,70î ".«i wots. 1,112,068 1,045,142 LONDON CIURT_B_D BANK. ill«MUrc,1Vtlon" .* £130.080 £111,17 { Is In circulation .. .. 4,711 0 8.7 j iposlta, not hearing intorost 291,740 203,'sia To-llMi'.',f;,lntcrCst .. 23B>"Z* 343»i« lota! liabilities .. .. 065,156 726 005 ,,,"" .. .. 230,870 184,415 WT . 40 075 28 331 '«tided property ., .. 05 211 C4 423 Mis and bill» of othor banks n',008 21,42. is duo lo tho bank .", 052,600 1,126,05 "ll,"sscts. 1,303,306 1Í426Í074 huiHii, SCOTTISH, AND AÜSTIIA-L-N CI-ARTERED &íin.Ur?,Htlon , ^'K' £43<0O° £»|08 wT, not bearing interest 108,078 110,207 ÄiSlnf,1'1"T8' .. «»«I 18193. total HabUItlca .. .. 8M>'U1 332 81u K_5¡m ., 07,023 67,0-7 Ifidc. property '.'. " ¿TOD 25'.M teaduoS,,8.°'?thirbIlDÜ «e3Si '.¡OÍ ffie.0t,tOthO,Jank " - 413.«°0 «O« »SO ouuaaT. 638,180 690,075 li it» 1- NAT;°'!A1' BANK OP AUSTRALASIA. Kal, tb^rin»lutoros" 144,725 184 402 «Ojlicarinr. interest .. 128,203 200 317 |N amount of liabilities., sofisa. 530,475 Bullio,, . "i062 77,3il ]-»Wprope,ty " " g«g$ %>T Toh|S,i0thoba,>k .. 803,782 529 932 lasscla .. .. 499,010 095,727 ihc,n0nÍ!2porti,nt- announcements affecting Sil"1?^' ^vo ,been made- »i»oa. SK'-ÏÏd t-ho «'hör in the course of Par (I'd mr- 'rlBt Juno of « «uMter of a million riiaW« ;°f GovernmentBallway Debentuies, KT»-^00?10^5.. ThIs notification ha. fc S nnml «atl8fV«°n, M affording a lane- la? vi opera .I.ons in th0 investment of capi CMiL« W°itlmepast-the want of good is» larc. LJK becn muSP complained of, and S ffi^I0 undiverted to other ¿han HCIíWnm d.ebentures about to bo issued aro _Ä'Ä lnn debenturos ef £100 each ktffit tcdA8* October, 1858; £84,000 datei ffll31>e1r'.1800. 462,6110, in debentures of »$.-£?'/«? ^ 5tt?h> dated l8t October, äirtÄini0ÄtaM of £10 each, Stti t?*ol?bcl'¿8G0' The other announce the lrÄoofcaTry^8°uttno objects of tho 'tUo Government propose to raise £200,003 cn loan by the Bale of debentures here, with liitcreet and capital rnj'nblc in the colony, or in london. Both thcf e loans will be readily ahorbed, the ono. by tho savings-banks ana other trust funds, and the second will bo token up by capitalists as a floating invest- irent, always realisable, and' not likely to bo Bubjected to any great fluctuation in value. The banks' rates of exchange on Eng I/md stand at 2 per < cent: premium oa turns under £50, at sight; abovo that amount at thirty days', ljj per cent. : sixty days', 1 1er cent. ; and ninety days', J per cent, pre- mium. The banks buy thirty and sixty days' diafts at par; and ninety days', at ¿ per «nt. discount. The rate charged by the Peninsular and Oriental Company for tho tianfmission of gold and bullion from Mel lourne to the Bank;of England, is If percent., «eluding insurance. The banking insti- tutions naving agencies in India, chargo for thirty days' exchange on Bombay, Cal- cutta, and Madras, 2s. Id. per rupee; Btng Kong and Singapore, as. lOd. per dollar ; Mauritius, 4s. 2d. per dollar ; Coy Irn, three and a half per cent, premium. Ihe banks charge 7 por cent, discount for two months' bills, 8 per cent, for three months', «nd 9 per cent, for four months'. Inteiest io allowed on time deposits at the following rates:-'For deposits at thirty days' notice, ficm 1J to 2 per cent, per annum ; at threo months' notice, from 2 to 2J per cent. ; at six months' notice, from 4 to 5 per cent. With the Betting in of the winter season, Ho yield of the gold-fieldB is giving signs of a f tcady increase. The escorts are larger, and fo are also tho parcels finding their way to Melbourno by private hand. The banks have been buying throughout the month at rates based on £315s. 8d. per ounce for f (andard. These may be quoted at :- Ornoo, Upper Yarra, Shady Creek. £3 11s. 3d, to £8 13s. 3d. ; Jamieson, Big Eiver, and Dande- nong, £3 14B. 8d. to £3 16s. ; Castlemaino, Bendigo, and Mountain Creek, £3 17s. 3d, to £8 17a Cd. ; Crooked River, Boggy Creek, Ca- ledonia, and Andorsou's Creek, £8 18s. 3d. ; Maryborough, Dunolly, Avoca, and Eaglan, ¿8 18s. 6d. to £3 18s. 9d.; Creswick aud Biown's, £3 17s. 9d. to £3 19s. 6d. ; Ballarat ard Ovens, £4 0s. Gd. to £4 Is. The export duty on gold is Is. 6d. per ounce. The shipments of gold during the enrront wuk, including the export entries passed for the Madras, havo amounted to 81,9220z., in- cluding O.OOOoz. transhipped from New Z0.1 lotd. This brings the total shipments of Victorian gold since the commencement of tie year to C84,147oz., and the transhipments ire m New Zealand to 09,47Goz. For tho simo period of last year the shipments of Victorian gold were 6G9.322oz, and rf New Zealand gold 168,025oz. Thus it -will bo Been that, while the tranship- ments from New Zealand havo fallen off, as a natural consequence of the greater fre- quency of direct communication between (Jingo and British ports, the Fhipments of Victorian gold havo actually increased, nnd this notwithstanding that upwards of 15,093 miners and their followers, emigrated Itnce to New Zealand during the first four months of the current year : The following is a list of the gold ships which have sailed from Melbourno and Gee- long since 1st March, with the quantities! Elated separately ..- I Date 1 of Ship. Destination. Ounces. Bailing. * tim cb 2¡Balclutba .. Sydnoy .. 6,001 " 14 Dovor Castle London .. 27,0i7 " 21 Edmund Graham.. London .. 18,871 " 26 Northam .. Point do Gallo .. 41,120 " 28 8wlftauro .. London .. 13,-114 Apiil 4|Moravlari .. London .. 60,312 " OiRangatlra " lfl|Lincolnslilro Sydi oy .. U London .. lO.SOj " 22,Glondower.. London .. 7,7J8 " 26Behar Point de Galle .. 03 4(1, Muy 2 Great Britain Liveri ool oaii " OLadyMelvlUo .. London .. l'> " 11 Bavaria elong Kong 0,10 ; " 14| Lady Ann .. Hong Kong 3,42; ,. 23'Kent London .. 50,313 In the following table, the quantities gold brought into Melbourne weekly by the escorts are given separately for the varimu gold-fields, for three months, ending on Fri- day: bJ«*iOOI-.rf--4CCu-^OCOO-3 I g1 el §'s g1 ii §1 flgisigig Tarnagulla. i'l'i'l'i'g1: Morse's Crook. co M ra *- to tf> _ 1« ia. MUCO m bo to co H* Cn C9 pi n- 1 IDCni-» 00 -a -j 65 cota cn w ça I COMCH 131 sigi fca^Kcn>--t3icncocacoençnio coi--coococotacncoi-.co^-r Maryborough. Dunolly. esas 813 Inglowood. Yackandandah. iflgl g'3! eifel I'l' " ^ ,'g-jlgl I'l'l'j'i'i' S «p o J8 Jo^pi^t^^sj-^M £5 »-»ç7.0ç£OMitwif-ctl-4M ço'bt Eaglan. Pleasant Creek. Smythesdale. landsborough. The fluctuations in tho stock and share I market have boen remarkably unimportant ' during the month-a fact of somo signifi-j cor. ce taken in connexion with the loans to which attention has been previously called. 1 With £4G0.000 impending over the market, there has been no disposition to realise on the securities now held. On référença to our list of prices for these securities it will bo Been that quotations aro be ccming still closer between buyer and teller, and that the prices of all classes of se- curities are steadily maintained. Since tho re- ceipt of the English March mails, the holiday, its preparations, and its effects, have inter- fered with this branch of business. Govern- ment debentures (six per cent.) have changod hands at £10810s.; Colonial Bank of Aus- tralasia shares, £G 19s. : National Bank of ! Australasia, £4 16s.; Australasian Insuranco Company, £2 Gs. ; Alliance Insurance Company, 10a. ; Melbourno Gas and Coka Company (£5 shares), £4 12s. Od.; Col- lingwood Gas Company, £0 2s. Gd. ; Castle- maine Gas Company, £3 2s. 6d. ; Minmi Col- liery Company, £3 6s. ; St. Arnaud Mining Company, £21. Tho quotations in mining shares have been nominal this week. Messrs. Baillio and Butters repoit in dotail of this market : " The stock and sharo markot has boen unusually quiet during tho past month, no «poculatlon whatever In any class of stock having existed. Go\ crnment socu rillos havo been comparatively neglected, In conas quence ef tendors for a further Issue of the raliway Six por Oínt. Debenture«, amounting to £260,009, being; ealled for, tot ho openod on tho 1st proximo.. Tbo Í6suo of £100,000 Slxjier Cent Debentures, advertised ly tho Provincial Govornmont of Canterbury,' Now Zealand, has alco attracted some attention from os.pl lallMs here, and tended to induce tbem to assail tho remit of these operations before supplying tholr wants. ? Bus ness has been restricted in bank stocks from I shortness of supply, and the difficulty ojperiencod ia . finding an equally sultablo im catmont by thoso who ' might bo disposed to realize. Tbe National Bank an- nounce for sale, by tender, 10,000 shares In that In- 1 dilution. These, wo havo no doubt, will bo readily 1 taken up at fair prices. In railways wo baso no i feature of Importance) to riotlco; private Inustacnti j In tbceo being almost restricted to tho Melbourne an 1 Bolioon'fl Bay Line. It Is probable that tho Melbourno j Ballway (lato Melbourne and Suburban) «ill bo placel j on tho market hofore the departure of next mall, on ' i-ui li terms as to laduco a speedy subscription of Hi J »mount of capital required. Insuranco shares have Íicnertdly had a downward tendency, and transictlons united. GasBhorcabavehad more than thcirusualshara of nippon, and a corresponding riso In value has been rttabluhed. In mining matters tbo month has beor» ! literally destitute of news. Tho Melbourne and New- i cattle Mlrlml Colliery Company, nol'ccd In ourpro TIC us issues, ho« progressed beyond tho most raiirulno expectations cf Its promotora, and promises, at no dis- tant period, to become ono of tho heit, if not tho voiy liest, investment« in cur market. " Eebcnlurip.-Victoria Governmei.t Six per Cents. have been placed by us at £108i and £1C9, and aro Curly held at tho lowor prico, with buyers at £l07"r. Et K1 da and Brighton, eoven por cent., aro offered at jar-no buitre. Molbourno and Hobson'« Bay 7 per cents, -would bo readily taken for remittance, but nono cffcicd. Collingwood Gas 8 per rents, would find luycrs at £104-no sellers. Melbourno Hallway 8 per cents, liavo been steady at from £101 to £102, with talcs at £101J ; the company's 7 per couts., Milich aro nvnilnblo for Miittanco, would find a ready market, if offered. ' " Banks.-Colonial havo advanced about flvo por cent, on the quotations of last month, and a coilsldor eldo amount of stock has changed hundí at from £0 12s. Od. to £7 ex div., closing firm at £0 18s Cd. to <£G10s. Cd,' National hove risen from £418s. cum dlv. to £4 10s. ox dlv., and fow shares in the market bo yond thoso advertised by tho'bank. New South Wales1 have been offered at £60, ex dlv. ; no sill s. Biuk of Victoria only como forward In email parcels, and liavo changed hands at £3710s. and £37 lös. Holders aro Ural for an advance, which buyers show disposition to corcede. , " Hallways.-Molbourno and Hobson's Cay show a tlight Improvement ; Eales, £40, £40 10a, £50, and £b) aro reported; closing sellers, £51; bujom, ¿750. St. Kilda und Brighton and Melbourne and Essendon thc/w no signs of i ibillty, and aro never quoted. " Insurance.-Alll'noc nre rallier lower, In absence of tuycrB. Business has btcndonoatlls., 10s. 9d., 10s. 8d., srd 10s., and closes IO*, buyers, 10s. Od. sellers. Aus tmhu-ian havo declined from 62s. to 40s., also In conse- quence of tho nant ef buyers for the small porcolä cfTued. Sales at all intermediate prices have lakon. place, and the tendency would now indicate a reaction ; tuj erB 40s., scliirs 4Sa. Colonial continue very much ¿«pressed ; sales at 11s. and 11s. Od., at «hieb they can s>t ill bo had in nodcrato parcelB. Victoria Firo and Marino show a disposition to improve in value ; sales lavo been effected by us at £20, and £26lsfrooly lally firm for £27. Victoria Lifo and Clouerai SIEO maintain a bolter position ; sellors at 39s. »io lim! ed, whilo buyers froely offer 28s. Tho im pn vcnient In valuo of shares In tho last two c mpa nicB Is duo to tho final settlement of all their difficul- ties that nreso from tho mismanagement ol tho Lond.ni 1 titincss established » few 3 cars ago. " Gai.-BnUarat iiavo boen frcoiy dealt in at £012s. Cd., £0 18s, ard £1) 18H. 6d. Bendigo aro in fair do xrarid at £311s. ; fellers firm at £310s. Castlemaine alp icpoitcd as sold at £3 2s. Od. and £3 5s. ; closing, Imj ere, £3 5s. ; soUors, £8 10s. Collingwood an-t rilzioy wella»0soldat £0 and £0 2i Od. 'lliosma.il number offering would indicate mi advatico. Geelong l.n\e changed hands freely at £3 14s. and £3 15s., und tieso with Blrciif buyers at £3 15s. ; sellers at £3 17s Cd. llclbourno show a steady improvement in talc« at £4 7e. Od., £4 8s. Od., and £4 10). for £5 (liares, at vvhiili thoy will probably remain steady. '.Miscellaneous.-Bond go Wateiwoiks havo boen sold by IIB at 20s., and no« offered ot 22s. No buyer». Victoria Kaolin and Victoria. Co»l otTcrcd at 35s , with liuyers of iho latter at 80s Melbourne and NOWCJBIIO Mii.nii Colliery oro «anted at fis. pronium, at whbh eales have been mode ; sellers at £3 10s. *. Ballara'. Mining Companies.-Tho past month h is teen far the hoaltl.lest of many preceding ones in . , respect to both alluvial and quartz nuning in Ballarat nnd district. This Is chiefly owing to the prospcet of como cf tho most iinpo tant law bints coming to a settlement, although nono as yet has boen dcfliiituly arranged, and Iho increased yield of gold In several of tho leading mines. In the district-Lucly Woman's neil Browns, have been rather depressed, and shares in most of tbo companies obtainable at lowor rates ; Crcwlck and Daylesford generally looking remarkably I well ; Buninyong Companies, with tho exception of ; tho Buninyong Mining Company, no alteration. . There Is every prospect of an increased amount of ! milling/speculation during tho noxtfoiv mr-nths. Tho ' dividends c colored on Saturday were ¡-Extended, £20; 1 Albion, £S0 ; Princo of Wales, £10 ; Pioneer, £16 ; ¡ Scottish and Cornish, £6. Tho Extended Company | have vathed buthttlo during tho nock, con-oquontly iho dividend wes small. For tho last six woeks i 11 ey havo paid £132 pôr -shoro in dividend?, .sjihlih, at quotation valuo (£3,000), li about threo , 3 caro* purcba'o for a share in n claim which has ' ground opened out that will lost for flioorslx year', besides holding twenty shares in the Bind of Hope '. Company. Tlie Koli I noor washed 220oz. for the ?neck. For half working shares £1,!50 casli Is asked ; liait tlcoplng interest obtaiuoblo at £1,000. This com 1 any expect to pay gocd dividends from the roof ground they aro now working, until they got Into tho sudden Point Lead. They aro pui-hlng their main drive, end cxpict to brink through in about three »nonius' time. The Princo of Wales obtained 177oz. j lum theil quaitz- cruskiiig for Uni fuitulght. Thoy rtruck Miller in Ihclr lower lovel, which Impeded ! their alluvial workings. This onipany, with tholr 1 largo ext- nt cf ground and u agi llleent quartz ! reefs warrant us in saying that In a few years I timo this «III ho in overy probability tho first on Bal- t Inrnt SellorB aro asking £1,800 cash for full shares ; I even tho small diilüouds they ore paying now on ao- ' count of reducing their dtbt, pajs guod inierostfor tho ' cutloy ; but nilen tiley get iuto good working ordor ia 1 thiir li wer 'loiel in their alluvial vvorlilngs, their divi- dends «ill be equal to tho Koh-1 noor and Extondol. .1 übe Kelaou Company washorl SOOoz. for four days this ' . vcek ; tho law-suit still depresses these shares, and tiujcrsaio scarce; tellers nsk £680 for half sleeping; . -twelfths, uii£i00 for half sleeping eighths; buyer»; effer £620 fur twelfths, and £740 for oighths. Tho ] Soi on Company is still ergogod clcanlni out their drives; selléis ask £750, with buyers at £50(>. Tho j "Working Minors obtained 48oz. for tho week ; soliera isk £1,100 eash, buyers offer £800. The Cosmo- I poll 011 Company obtained I60oz for tho week ; 1 tellers ask £1.009 for full shares; no declared I Luycrs. Tho Albion Company havo boen washing ' well dining tho «eck, and shares which a fortnight 1 sigo wero bought at £1,100, are saleable nt £1,020 I cash ; a riso of £500 in a fortnight. Wo visited tho ¡ claim on Friday ; to all appearance there ÍB nothing to 1 Hi.der their slinro 1 roiching £2,609. The company liavo splendid machinery, a largo quantity of g.ound, j nnd havo stmtk^ good payable «ashing in taroo dif fercnt drives. Diirtog tho week the dirt has averaged: , j COoz. to tho machino. This company has hitherto I teen very unfortunato, nnd thora Is now a prospect of tie Eharcbolders who havo stuck to tholr iiilorest I tieing woll paid for their nerong belief. In tho valut* of .liomin.; for half ileepln; shaics £1,100 is asKoJ, , and £069 for half working. Tho Deflanco Cumpany 1 ttill continuo washing well, obtaining about 60 J_. to ] 1lic rouchino; no Interests for salo, for Boiishau-s £70 cash Is froely offered, with no sollo« under £30. ! üliito .hares havo advanced £16 during tho lastmonth. j -llio Scottieh and Cornish wco-hod 208o_. for tho vvesk, and declared a emull dividend ; for fullshaics sellers ask J.360, with buyers at £300. Bopublic and H-tirf-tu Hariel quiot. Alson and AA'c-lrdsle soiling at £300. The Leviutlinn broke through into vvushUIrt on Fri- day, and obtained a very fair prospect. Shares, consequently, aro hold firmly. F,,r Buninyong, £95 is frtoly offered. Sellers aik £106. 'Xhoso nlsu huvo advanced £-20 dtirltg tbo month. On tho Durham lead, tho Pioneer la doing v.ry woll, and shares or j in demand. ; Buyers offer £220, with sellers ut £230. In Lucky AVoman'a district-For Bobin Hood's; bjy.r. £160, sellers £180; Grand Junction, buyers .?_?)', sellers £06 ; Grand Trunk, sellers £80, buyers at _7J. In Brown's dlitrlct, tho lim« Company hottoiued t nuir , now shaft on gold on Friday. Thoy obtaiind from their old shtft 120oz. fur elie fortnight. Sollors ask £146, with buyers at'£130. In recently lorn.ed UJIII pi nies, but;llttlo lias been doit g during tho mouth, .rho Goldon' Stream, Scarsdale, have openod out, > nnd a domand for slures at £120, with no sollors. Tho Scarsdalo Extended Compnny alo getting- mi ' ittpidl} lu erecting their machinery. Shares aro in «.etoniid at £2 10i. premium. For Essex, £110 ts effored, with no so'lers under £120. For Bauet oï Bone, veryliit'o inquiry, with aelowmiard tendency. Holders ask £86, but £83 10s. yould protnbly buy out a few. Bales reported In Baîid of Hope', £34 a id £86. Tho National Company, Buninjon., oliUfn-io. foity ounce, for tho week. Tho'LUnberils crus'ied fifty ounces.' " Joint Stock Mines.-Achilles are effo* ed n* 21s ; no tiiiycrs, and no eales reported ; tho trlbiitors havo beon. -mployed during tho past iow weck-i in iliep iilng tbo working ihaff. Ajax havo boen iolil at £6 to £5 10s. ; but the quantity of stone crushed liai boort miall, and only aflvo percent, dividendpild, Bob- illo aro moro in dctnunel at minimum rate»; 203. tffcred. Cathorino Beef United, sales nt 6s. Oel. re- ported, and busti.ess lu them voiy dull at that prloo. Clunes havo attained a higher price limn tiley havo tv cr boon quoted ; buyers at £000 ; no sollora, and no butlncss done. Cumberland Beef hasbconadded to our list silica last mail, and the company are now in full working order. The capital of .£6,000 was mb Ecilbcd as soon as offerer!, mid shu es ne tv readily com- ix and a premium ,* a dividend may he expected m n fuw M ecks. Eaglehawk Union uro doing remarkably woll, und shares show a corresponding rino in value, fow of ?which aro in tbo marketitindor 10s. Hustler's report satisfactorily for futuro prospects ; no sales. Johnson's have beon bought as fast, as offered at 6s. Od. and 0s. ; closing buyers, 0s. ; sellers, 7s. Maryborough Imvo «.hanged hands in large parcels tit 2s. Oil. aud 3s. 11'Ivor Caledonia attract more attention, buyers at 3-8 ed., sellers 15s., with hu-inesi donoot 13a. Now C hum havo been sold at 8s., but thero aro voiy taw in tlio markot at any price Sandy Creek Poverty Hoof, In consequence of striking* a promising body of stono, havo risen to 12s. Od., and sales havo been re ported as high as lGrf. Od. Victoria (Clunes) aro the turn easlor, quartor shares Doing offoreu at £060, buyor. nominally offer £600 i no sales reported." Several important meetings of joint-stock companies havo been held. At tbo annual general meeting of tho Colonial Bank of Australasia, held on the 24th ult., tho report of tho directors, which was unani- mously adopted, made somo important statements with regard to tbo connexion of the bank with the Melbourne Ballway Com Ïony :-" Tho directors have the pleasure to lay efore the propiietors a statement of affaira of the bank for tho half-year ending 31st March, lost. Tho not profits, after deducting inte- rest duo to depositors and rebato on billa dis- counted still current (£10,400 9a. 7d.). amount to £81,790 10s. öd" which tho directors pro- pose to divide as follows:-To dividend, ten per cent, per annum, £20,312 10s. : to contingent account, £11,487 0s. 6d. With, the above addition, the contingent account .will amount to £49,308 14s. lid. Revert- ing to tho statement made in tho last half-yearly report to the proprietors as to tho £ respect of improvement in tbo BPcuritiea eld by tho bank in connexion with the Mel hcurno Eailway Company, the directors havo now much pleasure in stating Ibat their anticipations have been fnlly borne out, as shown by tho increasing revenue returns of that company since that period. It is tha intention, therefore, of the directors, in view cf the improved condition of the affairs of tho railway, to realize the secuiities held on that account by the bank without delay. The diicctors regret to have to inform the share holdersthat, since the last half-yearly mooting, a malicious attempt was mado to injure the character and position of this bank. In the menth of November last, some ignorant and n.:'fguided persons were so for iufluonced hy misrepresentations as to causo a run for gold. Ibis widden demand, however, havinft brea TTfmrjfly mel, confidence wus soon ítstorvd, ir.d the run only (-ervtil_to proie the sound sefßimd stability of this institution. The directors point with satisfaction to the state- ment of profits for tho half year as compared with the statt- ment for the correspondiiit; ?eiiod of last year, as evidence that the usinées of the bank still continues in a prosperous condition." At the fifth annual meeting of the National Bank of Australasia, hold on the 5th inst. the following report was brought up ana unanimously adopted.-"The directors havo the pleasure to submit their fifth annual re- port and a statement of account?, made up to 8lEt March. Tbe net profits for the half- year r mount to £28,836 16s. 9d., which tho directors recommend! to bo appropriated as follows:-, To dividend at tbo rate of eiçht per cent, per ixraotn, £18,000 ; to preliminary expenses, £8,085 10s. (3d. ; to bad and doubtful debts, £2,000; to furniture and stationery ! ccount, £691 7s. 6d. ; to reserve fund, ¿0,069 12s. 9d. Total. £28,330 16s. 9d. Since the last half yearly meeting it was lound necessary to increase the capital of the "cempany by the issue of now shares, and tho directors accordingly intimated by advertisa ment that application for the purcbaso of 18,811 shares of the capital stock of tho com- pany (£4 paid) would be received at tho head ( fflce anti branches ; of this number 18,811 were allotted, at a premium of 6s. (five shil- lings) per share ; the remaining 5.000 having leen withdrawn, to enable shareholders not jesident in the colonies to participate in the isÉue if they desired to do so. The premium received on the 18,811 shares allotted, amount- ing to £3,462 15s., haB been credited to pre- liminary expenses account, as shown in tho balance sheet, and, with the sum recom- mended to be appropriated as above, will reduce that account to £6,000." The half-yearly meeting of the Molbourno and HobEon's Bay Railway Company is called for the 10th proximo, when tho following re- port will bo submitted to the shareholders for approval ." " Tho directors, in presenting the usual half-yearly statement of tbo recolp's and expenditure, have tú congratúlalo tho shareholders on the result of tha working of tho Une for tho past six months, which i-hows o very satisfactory balanco of profit, notwith- standing a considerable diminution in the receipts as compared willi those of the corresponding period of tho past year, " Ob's diminution 1)08 orison from iho loss of tho Brighton traffic, and from the falling-eff in imports which characterized tho first ponton of tho summer rolf-jear During the latter portion, the receipts for e.oods and passengers greatly Improved, aud in many v ecks carolled, and in some exceeded, th> se of tho »Responding weeks of 1802. Tho reduction of fans cn tho St Kilda line has not Increased the trafilo to l the extent that was anticipated, although the gross ) (ceipts exceed thoso of the corresponding half-year 1 y the si m of £300. A lanjo incrcaso of pasionger liaflio boa taken placo on tho Sandrldgo line, stimulated y really by tho Sandridge Batlis, to which npwords of «.ii.fjCO psssengors wero convoyed by the Uno during tho last batbing season ** The company's pier at Sandridge has atlriotod a large number of ships, notwlthstondltg thr unfair com retition to wHch it continues to bo subjected by the ©ntliy of public money on tho Sandrldgo Town Pier, which is maintained from tho public rovenue, ami olio« ed to be used as a freo pier, buring the loBt half. I Jfor ninety vo'stls have discharged at the Bj-Ilway I Pier, among «blch oro some of the largest ships that , ciitcr Hcbson'sBay. A largo and stead Ij Increa ing cool traffic is now established at tbo Melbourno ter- minus, which must necessarily bo further exvendod ! with the increase of population and tho creation of rew Industrial works, which oro now being ropldly ' Irought into Operation. " In connexion with the mcrcbandlso traffic, tho dl ! lectors havo made arrangements for the reception of wool for shipment, by tho creation of a larg« woolshot j i.t Sandridge, where v ool can be temporarily stored, ord the operation of dumping carried on. This tho directors bellet o will be greatly appreciated by the ii.Ii pera of this important articlo of commerce, as it will CLablo the company honceforth to load tbe wool shirs under circumstances which will give mu h greater advantages to tho shipper than tho company w 1th Its prev ious limited power of accommodation was ohio to afford " The bill introduced to tho Legislature hy the Emcialtl hill Municipality, for altering tho company's Act of Incorporation, after being carried over from st 8'ion to to.sion during a period of two and a hilf years, has passed tho Legislativo Assembly, and now awaits tho decision of the Council Acting upon tho i authority given to tho directors at tbo last meeting, a < proposal «tis made for a compromise, which was acceptable to the Honorable li S Anderson, who h «I I charge of tliB bill, hut was treated by tho agent of tin promoters" in a spirit which satisfied the directors that It would bo unwise and useless to make a con- cession of any kind Under thoso circumstances, the proposal Intended to bo submitted to tbo select com xnitteo on the bill was withdrawn. " Iho bill, as now before Iho Council, is confined to the alteration of the word ' Crown,' in tbo 38lh clanto of tho company's act, to the ' Governor in Council,' the p-wer nskod for by the Emerald hill SI uniclpality to compel tho cempany to allow a level crossing in a Uno with tho Falls bridge-, and to con- struct other «orks specified In the bill, having been lefrned. Should tho hill, as It now stands, pass both Bouses of Parliament, it must of necessity bo reserved for tho Ho)al assent, and a strong remonstrance will bo sent to England against it, in which no doubt the now largo body of Bhoreholdera rcsidont there «111 heartily join, as involving sn alteration of a contraes 1 by legislative action without the consent of the con | trading partios. * i "In consequence of the determined opposition of the Government to the junction of the company's lina I with its own lires of railway, the directors thought it prudent not to press, at tho present tims, the bill for ! accomplishing this object. That tbo junction will I ultimately bo rondo thero can bo.no reasonable doubt. I 'Jho public advantage that would result from it will become moro and moro ovlduit yearby year ; and it Is gicatly to ho regretted that it should bo delayed by au unwillingness on tho part of the Government to allow I itt the present time a connexion which its railway i n glnecr has publicly i tat ed must at Bomo time toko placo. " As tho directors believe that, nolwtthatanding tho present feeling of tho Government with reforenco toi the proposed Junction, It will beforo very long bo I < ffected, they havo not thought It dosirsble to procoed *i nt present with tho erection of a now Molboumo Bta ilon, wliltli, under other circumstances, the condition oMho present wot don Btruoture would havo forced upon the company. i "The traille receipts' for tho last six mo_ths chow a trets profit, after deducting working expenses and in- terest on debentures, of tho sum of£21,898 12». lOd. -his sut plus Is equivalent to nearly ten and thrce ounrl-i. per cent, por annum on tho capital stock of ino company ; but tho directors doairo to leave It to Iho shareholders prosent at tho ensuing rial'-yearly meeting to decido what rito of dividend shall bo de- clared. *' Dobcnturo bonds, issued by tho company In 1858, to the amount of £19,800, oro duo and payable on tho 1st day of July noxt. Tho sum for tho portion pay- able In London was icmlttod by tbo March mail. Tho rc-lssuo of theso debentures will afford a fat ourablo investment for a considerable portion ot tbo reserve lund. " Tho engineer reports that tbo Uno Is in excellent condition, and that tho locomotivos and other lolling neck aro in flrst-rato working order. The now loto motivo cnglno ordered from England somo months -go is oxpectcd to nrrivo dally. Ttat portion of tho pier whlih corsistcd of sunken ships lias gone to decay, and is bolng replaced by an expenditure of about £3,000. Tho condition of the plor Is carefully ex- amined from time to timo, and it is satisfactory to bo able to stato that, with the excoption of tint part which Is now In course of replacement, thei e Is every reason to believe that It will not rcqulro any ostensivo repair for many years to come. «< By order of the board of directors, " THOMAS T. A'BECKETT, Prosldont." Tbo annual general meeting of the Cham- ber of Commerce was held on the 80th ult., at iho Exchange, the president, Mr. M'Cullocb, in the chair. At the time named for the meet- ing, barely a quorum was formed, but several members came in as the business proceeded. The report of the committee for the past year ?was brought up, and after having been read by the secretary, waa unanimously adopted. Tho following office-bearers were elected for the ensuing year ."-President, Mr. James Blackwood ¡ vice-president, Mr. Phipps Turn- bull. Members of committee-Messrs. James Callender, Jas. G. Francis, Joseph King, J. J. Marshall, Jas. De Little, Q. W. Colo, Étenry Henty, S. P. Lord, J. SparkeB, George Martin, W. Ö. Campbell, W. J. Sprigg,»-?. D. White, R. Gill, H. Youngman, Jas. Lorimer, Wm. Crosby, W. G. Lemprierc, and Edward Graham. Auditors-Messrs. E. D. Groie and C. Davis. The president, in relinquishing oflico, ap- pealed to the chamber to maintain its posi- tion as the recognized mouthpiece of the commercial interests of tho colony, and re- minded the members present of the ser- vices which had been rendered to tho colony in past times. A very strong feeling .was expressed with roferenco to the taxes on Chineso immigration, and a committee of the Chamber has been nppointcd, to press on tho attention of the Government the desira- bility of the abolition of all the restrictivo clau.es in the Chineso Passenger Act ro , lating to vesselä arriving in the potts of this j colony from Chinese waters ; more especially to that which fixes the proportion of Chineso passengers to be carried Avith regard to the tonnage of the ship, at a rato which amounts to a prohibition. The following resolution ¡ was adopted, as expressing the unanimous feel- ing of the chamber-"Thatwhile this cham- ber learns with great satisfaction that it is the intention of tho Government to introduco a bill into Parliament removing tho capitation iox upon Chinese immigrants, they also | would most strongly urge on tho Government and Parliament the removal of all the othor iel trie tiona that prevent the immigration of , Chineso, so that they can come into tho I colony exactly under the same laws as other rations may." The opinion of the chamber. I 'VTOB also unanimous in tho condemnation of the registration fees on imports, which havo j now been in operation for ono year. This tax, it is felt, is an incubus upon the growing in- tercolonial trade between Melbourne, as the central depot, and tho other Australian colo- nies. On this subject tho retiring president, Mr. M'Culloch, said in his address:-"Every ' day was manifesting tho fact that tho other i colonies round about us were getting, to a IBTRO extent, dependent upon Victoria for their supplies. No doubt it was hard to get i «bem to admit the fact, but it was impossible ' ulisn anybody took up ono of the morninçf BCWfparère, not io see the enormous aroona t cf chipping between-Victoria'and the other colonies, and everything should he'done to make this permanent. The imposition of a inx like this registration-fee, however, opc jated directly against this end, even more than protection, for a registration-fee was a tax in the way of our supplying other colo nits, whereas a protective duty would mako to difference." We havo referred elsewhere in detail to the chief movements which have taken place in enr markets. In Melbourno wo havo boon t] ared tho speculation which has token placo in consequence of certain alleged disclosures tundo by Tasmania of the results of the Inter- colonial Conference, recently held in this city. So far as Victoria is concerned, it is un- likely than any chango will take placa in tho tariff of Customs imports. It is rrbbable that the tariffs of the other colonies ?Hill be more nearly assimilated to that ?which prevails here. By tho Hill of Entry we find that the imports at the port of Melbourne.during the week ended the 16th inst, were of the declared value of £127,326, snd tho exports of £93,423, tho balance being JH favour of the former by the sum of £33,903. Specie was exported to the value of £5,867. Jn the following table, tho imports and exports aro given weekly for the current year, side by side with those of the corresponding weeks of 1862, together with the totals for both peiiods : Week Imports. Exports. ending 1862. 1863. 1862. 1803. 1 & £ £ £ Jin. 8 148,220 846,640 94,163 196,490 » 10 411,270 170,498 287,734 523,001 » W 187,805 438,719 232,700 102,008 " 21 206,860 221,440 428,648 659,126 ,, SI Feb. 7 476,621 410,192 895,343 117,733 171,706 197,444 126,005 100,005 H 14 207,602 467,073 221,122 142,220 » 21 208,069 818,481 800,731 233,450 ., 28 »arch 7 240,010 462,788 220,228 403,104 106,032 201,800 129,234 117,314 .. I* 810,012 162,410 332,922 180,120 ., 21 217,673 63,872 70,260 230,817 i> 28 208,041 146,648 360,770 208,307 Apiil 4 330,220 223,846 82,800 811,052 i. 11 218,700 069,070 209,701 38,732 " 10 121,942 100,684 213,624 108,780 " £0 224,402 163,620 203,671 804,005 Key 2 247,478 260,732 200,060 851,427 » » 06,168 87,160 108,527 118,(85 " 10 335,170 127,820 273,679 0.1,423 4,070,204 6,864,928 4,700,442 4,871,030 I In the first period, the account stood thus : Imports .£1,070,204 Exports .4,700,442 Balanco of imports over oxporta In the second period: Imports. Exports . £200,702 £5,854,023 4,871,030 Ealanco of imports ovor exports .. £482,092 Tho following is a statement of the stocks In bond at Melbourne on tho 21st instant : Brandy, 3,230fhhds. 63,609îcases ; rum, 900* hhds. 697 cases ; geneva, HJhhdR.. 109,892 red 8,982 green cases; whiskey, 775hhds. 9,430 coses ; old tom, 149&hhds.; 1,829 cases ; cordials, 2,112 cases; Bpirits of wine, 222Jhhds. ; other . spirits, 86ihhds. 4,076 cases: wine, 2,818¿ hhds. 4480J cases ; beer 2,628hhds., 4,138 cases and calks : tobacco. 42hhds., 225 casks, 1,402 bales, SOlJhalf-tierces, 102 quarter- tierces, 37 kees, 5,609 three-quarter boxes, 3,4C0| cases and boxes ; cigars, 850 cases ; snuff, 42 pack- ages; tea, 23,,i29chest8,10,985J half-chests. 5,259 hoses chicory ; 326 packages ; coffee, 3,833 bags, 8 tierces, 226 casks, 1,489 barrels ; sugar (raw), 180,659 bags, 59,610 packages; molasses, 44Í hhds. ; opium, 7 chests 139 packages : dried fruits, 7,138 packages; hops, 109 pockets 45 bales : lice, 5,042 bags ; malt, 309 bags ; colo- nial distilled spirits, l.COObhds. The Monthly Insolvency Circular for April gives tho usual digest of the insolvency busi- ness of the month. Soventy-ono schedules ?were filed in Melbourne and fouitcen in Gee- long. Certificates were granted to twenty iivo insolvents: in nino cases, the meetings Inpsed, and in threo the certificates wore sus- pended. Tho callings of the insolvents whose schedules havo been filed in Mclbourneduring the month may bo thus classlfud :-Agent 1\. baker 1, blacksmith 1, bioker 1, butchers 3, bootsalesman 1, carpenter 1, earner 1, cab- men 2, confectioner 1, contractor 1, circus , proprietor 1, clerk 1, dairyman 1. engineer 1, faimers 5, gentlemen 2, grocer 1, hoii-edcaler 1, labourers 5, machinist 1, masons 4, minors 6, paperhangers 2, publicans 7, "plasterer 1, revenue officer 1, restaurant keepers 3, saddler 1\. shepherd 1, storekeepers 10, not stated 2. The majority of the estates involved but small liabilities, with nominal assets only. Eleven assignments for tho benefit of crediton v pie registered during the month. The following transfers of station property ore reported during tho month :-The Major s Line Station, near Heathcote, to Mr. Angus RCES, for £6.800; tho Stony Rises Station, neai Colac, with 11,600 sheep, at 23a. 3d. ; and the Diudinwnrra Station, near Steiglitz, with shout 7,000 sheep, at l63. 6d. per head ; thj Mount Sturgeon,Station, with sheep, cattle, hoi Fes, and purchased land, to Messrs. Ai mi tag« and Fairbairn, for the sum of £78,230 Eteiling ; terms-one-thitd cash, remainder at one, two, and three years, with eight per cent, inteiest added. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Office, Saturday Evening. Tho markets liavo boon tolerably active tinco tho despatch of tho mail steamship Behar, on tho 2_th ultimo. Flour and wheat have continued to ndvnnca slowly, and vory largo transactions hn\o taken plaes. _ho agricultural statistics, published by authority, show that tho yield of tho harvest lu 'this colony was a deficient ono by somo 000,000 miehelB, as compared with that of last year tints has naturally led to somo speculation, couduotodj liowevor, with caution, and resulting In a gradual riso in pilco». From a table compiled from these statistics liy Mr. AV. Lawronco, it appears that, whilo the yield in this colony haa boen bolow the avorngo, tho "agricultu- ral-tatisticsofSouthAusltalia compiro vory favourably, mid show an incroaso of 424,000 bu«hels-oqual to tvtiho ando half per oont. over previous voar'a crop of wheat. A more forward BoaSon ano] an oirly hart'Ost te cured an abundant yield of vlirr-.t of tho finest do «ctipllon. Tho success attained in thopioductlonof this grain, and In such quantities, fairly entitles that colony to the envious position of being the granary of Ibis hemisphere A vory largo and 11 oui ¡Bhlng export business continues : the shlpmonts sluco 1st January exceed 660,000 bushels wheat, and flour nearly roaches 30,100 tons, equal to 30,000 tons of flour in all, surpassing nil former years; within tho month pricoshavokeptpaco with tho advanco established hore." "SV ItH tho oxeop. llon of tho articles of wheat, flour, sugar, and toi, there havo been fovvspcculalivo movements eallii g for notico. One cargo of Californian produce arrived un- expectedly, but was, however, vory soon taken off tho markot. Alo and Borter.-Tlioro has hoon a atoady demand, lather abovo tho avorngo, but the quantities of bulk beers which havo como to hand by recent arrivals havo 1 ended to make this markot heavy. Bottled beers In coed condition aro wanted, but the .toroa oro ovor Lurdoned w 1th second-class gooda. Bass's new No. 8, £8 5s. ; Allsopp's old, £8 6s. ; other Burton browors', ¡£S to £8 lCs. por Mid. ; Joule's Stono, £0 ; Tonncnt's, £7 ICs. por hhd. ; Byass's bottled, 10s. to 10s. 3d. ; lemlon and Colonial Co.'s, Os. Od. toOs. Od. ; Allsopp'», 10n to 10S. 3d. ; othor bottlors', 8s, Od. to 0s. Stout, «-Bost brands, £7 2a, (k1, to £7 5s. ; othor brewers', £8 10s. to £7 por hhd. ; Dublin stout, 10s. 3d.; Byass'a bottled, Os. Od. ; London and Colonial Company's, 0s. Od. ; Barclay's, bottled by Frlond, quarts, 0s. Od. to 10s. ; othor bottlors', 8s. Od. to 0s. per dozon. Bacon and hams, In sound condition, aro scarce, and «11 parcels arriving sell readily at full prices-hams at Is. fid. per lb. and baoon at Is. .c1. By auction, Brocmo's bacon brought 1>. S.d. to Is. Sid. Colonial curing is now coming In In better condition, and largo .hlpmonts aro making to New Zealand. Bags and AVool Sacks.-Corn sacks aro still quoted at 21s. Oil. to 22s. Gd., with but littlo doing. Brices la tbis articlo havo now soon their highest for tho IO-BOII. ?Woolpacks oro worth 4s. Od. to 4s. Od, with very littlo demand. Butter has beon In ICBS demand, tho New Zealand rraiket having been fully supplied, while tho quantity of local production Is dally on tho increase. A largo 1 nicol of Cork has boon quitted at Is. id. per lu.. ',Candles aro still depressed, in contcquence of tho Isigo parcels advised on their way, and the reduction in the prlco of Neva stéarines. By auction Belmont'« hat o been sold in good condition at Is. to Is. OJd., and foiclgn full weights at 113d. Chccso in primo condition is vory scarco, and in great demand. Tho market Is full of Inferior and imronnd parcels, which aro with difficulty quitted. A fnlraverago sample has rc-llEod 13Jd. por lb. ut. auction. Coffee.-Coylon Plantation, 12d. ; nativo, lOd. to lOjd.; Java, lOJd. to lid.; Mo-iilla, led. per lb., In bond. Cordngo.-Manilla, assorted BIZCS, £47 to £43; Hundan, £39 to £40 ; Europo, £80 to £35 per toa. Seaming and roping twine, 14d. to 16d. por lb. Drugs.-Flour ol sulphur, 21B. to 22». por cwt. ; carbonate of soda, 17s. to 17s. Od. per cwt.; sod» njttals, £8 to £3 7s. Cd. ; Fatna opium, £240 per chest. Flour, Grain, &c;»«.Mr. AV. Lawronco roport« in lils monthly roviow of tho market ¡-" Flour.-AVithln tho month prices havo steadily advanced-traceablo to no iptculatlvo movements, but to tho absorption of stock» andan activo and lcgttiniato demand, stimulated no de ubt by tho scarcity of roally good w boat horo, with ifheavy drain for this grain for horso food, and lattorly by Bhort J leid In last crop; It is a matter of remark that prices of this staple havo remained BO long undor Hie relative rates of other articles of consumption for ttonthspast, Fatna rico having ruled at doublo the pilco of flour. AVhoat.-Tho groat demand for dry milling sorts lias run up prices Od. to 8d. porbusliU; and this grain is being extcuBlvoly consumed for hors j tccd and Uko purposes, and most of tho 111 conditioned pareóle «re thus used up. Oats-Imports havo boen eohbldcrablo ; prices havo peen maintained, stocks being within a modorato scope as yet. Anv heavy I creels coming forward at eno timo would cmso » reaction In foreign and imported fo'ding sorts. Tae-t-nian are a ready Kilo nt quotation-. "Toílfy; often-c-ntlnntd ¿nlnsss, Isnotvükily lo ITS- ' frere. Molting tor s oto moro Inquired fur, while Hiding dorrlptlors are at better sale, the rise In v heat throwing tho consumption moro upon'barley. Icing m cheaper ort lele. 'Ma'zo comes more freely to 1 «ia, and prices havo slightly receded. Bran has f.octuotcd as usual at this season ; prices closo under alt month's quotations. Gram.--A small shipment II i m Calcutta realized obout £14. Oatmeal is In good d> mt.nd, and in largo consumption at this season ; < dental is a ready «nie. Halt_The supplies aro In ? lee l8 of demand, and prices tend downwards." Fruits, dried-Currants, 4Jd. to 45d. por lb. Mus- catel raisins, Od. to 7d. : Turkey figs, 6d. to Cid. ; I"i erch plums, 8d. to lija, per lb. Gunpowder.-Best samples of blasting from 7Jd. to Ji{d. per lb. Bops, 2s. Id. to 2s. 3d. per lb., duty paid, for Kent i rd Sussex pockets of 1802's growth. lietals.-Horewood's patent corrugated mlvanizoJ tinned, 24 and 26 gauges, £86 per ton. Morowood's" ccrrugotcd galvanized, Ko. 2, or unturned, £34 do. ; 2 upper's do., £84 do. ; Hamilton's or other Eng- lish maker's, £88 do. ; Scotch, £23 do. ; lloro need's galvanbsod tinned plain, 26 and 28 rouges, ¿tS do. ; Tanner's or other English maker's, £f¡5 do. ; f cotch do., £34 do. ; rod and bar, best Staffo'rdshlro blands, BBH, £10 do.; do., Scotch, £9 do.; plots, i l8 do. ; sheet, assorted, £14 do. ; anglo and T,' £14 do. ; hoop, £12 do. ; pig, £815s. do. ; Swedish, no solea. I lesd-Pipe, assorted size», £27 to £28 do. ; shcot, trilled, assorted. £26 do. ; shot, assorted, £30. Quick- I i liver, 2s. per lb. Stool.-Blister, £2 6s. per cwt. ; cast, £210s. do. Tin-Block, Is. ed. to Is. Od. per lb. ; plates, charcoal, IO, plates, charcoal, IX, SOpercont. advance. Wire-Fencing, black, £14 per ton ; gol vanizod, Nos. 1 to 6, £20 do. Zinc-Rolled, light, £81 do. ; do., nalia, £2 8s. to £210s. per cwt. Oilmen's Stores.-Blue, thumb, 9Jd. and lOd. pot lb. : currie powdor, quarts, 18s. to 14s. per dozoa ; fiuits, bottled, quarts, 10s. Od. do. ; jams and Jollies, lib. tins, Ila. do.; lobsters, lib. this, American, 7». Gd. do. ; macaroni, 84. per lb. ; vermicelli, white, Naples and Oonoa, 7(1. do.; mustard. In bulk, No. 2, 8Jd. do. ; do., in lib. bottles, 12s. per dozen ; do., in Jib. bottles, 7s. Od. do. ; oysters. presorvod,lH>. tins, 17a. to 17s. Od. ptrdozon ; do., 21b. tins, 24s. do. ; pickles, pints, Os. to Ps. 6d. do. ; salad oil, pints, 18s. per dozen ; do., half-pints, Is. ed. to Sa. do. ; salmon, preserved lib. tins, 17s. do. ; sardines, halvos, Da. Od. do."; quarters, Ga. fd. do. ; sauces, assorted, half-pints, Ss. do. : do. Worcestershire (Leo and Perrins'), 12s. to 12s. Od. do. ; ?larch (Column's), 6Jd. por lb. ; vinegar, brown (Champion's 24), 2s. per gallon; do., concen- trated, quarts, 9s. to 10s. per dozon; whito wine, Is. id. per trallon. Oils, etc.-Keroseno has been sold at from 8s. 2d. to Si. 6d., with vory little doing. Linseed eil is hsld for it. ed. Bice.-There Is not much doing in this article, but the bulk ot the stocks Is well held. Sov eral trado lots ef Faino havochanced hands at £24 10', per ton. Spirits.-Thero has boon a full trado doing In spirits, with somo speculative movements. largo dilpmenta have been nisdo to Kow Zealand of bottlid sorts, sub- ject to low duties. Best bronds of brandy havo boen 1 ought freely ¡-Spirits (in bond).-Brandy-Martoll's, dark, 12s. ; polo, 13s. per gallon ; Qcnucssy's do., Ile. Od. per trallon; pole, 18s, ; Otnrd's, 10s. Od. do. ; United Vineyard Proprietors' Company's do., 10s. 6d. ; Champagne Vineyard Proprietors* Com lany'B do., 10s. to 10s. Gd.; pole, 11s. do.; Vino prowers', 10«. do.; other brands, do., 6s. to 8s. id. do. ; pate, Mai toll's or Hennessy'», Ses. per dozen tate ; doi, United Vineyard Proprietors', C9s, to 80s. de. ; Vinenrowers', 2os. to 27s. do.; Champagne Vineyard Proprietors' Company's, 20s. to 27s. do. ; Clouzeau's, 24s. to 20s. do. Gonova-JDKZ or tey brand, 10s. Od. por four-gallon caso; do., (c, 17s. per half-case; do., other brands, 8s. Id. to 9s. 6d. por coso. Gin- London old tem, best brands, 2s. Od. per gallon; do., do., 14s. to los. per dozon. Bum-£ast India, 20 to (0 o.p., Is. Od. to 2s. 3d. per gallon ; West India, 10 to 12 o.p., 2s. 9(1. do. ; do., 20 to 80 o.p., 8s. 3d. do. Whiskey -Irish, Mohan's, 4s. do. ; Scotch, best, »s. Ed. do. ; do., best brands, 12s. Od. to. 18s. per dozen (BSC ' Sugar.-In sugars thero bos boon a doellnc. Tho cargoes of tho Adriatic, Madras, and Bannah Nichol its, wero offered at auction by Mossrs. Fratorand Cohen, and obiut 14,000 bags wero disposed of, at i rices showing o declino of from £2 10s. to £3 on tho i otiB previously quoted. Iho prices realized were- for f no whito crystals. £39 ; good yellow crystals, £83 10s. to £34 10s. ; fairqusllty couutors, £3010s. to £31 10s.; low to good ration, £21 2s. Od. to £24 per ton, duty paid. Tea -Messrs. John Everard and Co. roport of this branch of trado :-" Thero was some heavy ludnosa transacted in this marked during tho lattor portion ol last wotk, chiefly in good blackish loaf congous, with- out improvement in prhc. Thero was also r. good trado business doing in common and good com- mon corgous, at a shade over last quotations; this week, however, has opened with a quiot market. The holiday, and tho simultaneous snivels of tbo C. F. Let sing and Kahlmnbs, from Foo-Chow-Foo, ot Melbourne, and tho Stir of Peace, from Shanghao, at Sydnoy, bos caused a slight ps uso in tho market ; this will probably continuo un- til tho deposition of tho holders and the quality of tho torgocB aro ascertained. A very fair supply of boxoj nnd half-chests of congou have como by tho o shlpi, butas tho market vvas previously bare of these pack- ages, we expect to seo them readily absorbed. On t he 16th inst, about 2,000 pncBogcs, tim residuo of tho Despatch, were to liavo been offered, but wore sold pri- vately. Previous to thic, tbo balanco of tho importa tion of the Amelia, from Hong Kong, was sold at full Tates- the, tens by this latter ship oro branded 'C. F. Lcssing.' As wo oro not likely to have in M ilbourne more than ono tea ship during tho present season, tho disposition of recent arrivals causcB somo lntereht, ai tho value of most descriptions of too for tho next threo months is likely to bo regulated by tho movomonU of the holders of rocont importation«." Timber.-Tho cargo of the Otto, which orrWod dur- ing tho 'week, has bcon bought, and despatched for Port Chalmers. Tills markot Is rather firmer. Tho cargo ex Onward, waa s>ld with all faults:-2,000 11x8 spruce dials, at 6äd. ; ox Birch Orovo, 81,604ft., 0 x J, white T. and 0., 9«. 3d. ; 24,000ft., 0 x -J, red T. and O., 10s. 8d. ; 17,000ft, 0 x j, white T. and G., 12s. ; ex Maverick, 3 and 3} cloir pino, £10 7«. Od. ; 2} and 2J do., £1010s. ; 21n. do., £10 2s. Gd. ; lilli, and ljin. do., £16 6s. ; Ox 1T. ond G. spruce flooring, at 11s. 3d. ; 9x8 spruce dooks, all faults, 4s. 7-10d. ; 11 X 8 do., 6JeL MELBOURNE MARKETS. SATOBDAY, MAY 23. TIIK MILLS.-Millers' prices for broadstnffs and grain aro «toady and woll austained, at last week's lates ; butwIUi tho comploto holiday on Tuesday, and tho heavy fall of rain on following d»y, thoro has leen scarcely any demand, and quotations remain as foUowf:-Fino flour, £13 j oatmeal, £35 per ton of ] 2,0001b. ; wheat, 6s. Od. to Os. ; bran, 1B. 3d. to 1.. _d. per bushel. v IUTAIII -tlRE-rrs.-Butchers' Moat.-Boot, M. to 7d. per lb. j mutton, 4d. to Od. do. ; veal, 7d, to 8d. do.; pork,8d.to9e_do. Poultry.-TurkoyB, 7s. to 7s.Od. each; goeBo, 12s. to 14B. per pair; ducks, 7s. to 8a. do.; fowls, 6a. Od. to OB. Gd. do.; rabbits, Is. to 4s Od. par brace; butter, freah,2s. por Ib.; eggs, 8s. per dozon: bread, Gd. to 7d. tho 41b. loaf; mil-, 8d. tolOd. por quart. HAT MARKET.-Mr. James Fenton reports ¡_ "There is no positive chango to roport. Some parts of the week buslnosa was excessively dull. Tho hist fow days it has been better, still there 1B nothing approach- ing to eithor bustlo or quick domand. QaotnUons from £6 to £7 16s. ; straw, £4 to £4 6s." Mossrs. Butler and MOBS roport ¡-" Wo havo oxporlenood roverel heavy dayB, which may bo attributed to tho holiday and tho unfavourable weather slnco. The markot was cleared to-day, former quotations ruling. Beat hay, £7 to £7 16s. ; Inferior and second, £6 to £6 10s. ; straw, £4 to £ i 6s. per ton." BABTERN MARKET.-This markot continuos ovor- : Fuppllcd with vegetables, and business is exceedingly dnlf. Dalry producá is In fair domand. Tho follow- ing wero tho ruling prices ¡-Vegetables.-Joriisalo__ . artichokes, 12s. to 14s. por cwt.; beans, kidney, ljd. to 2d. por lb. ; beet, Is. to Is. Od. per dozen ; botiquots, Os. lo Os. por dozen ; cabbages, 3d. to Is. Gd. per dozen ; carrots, Od. per dozen bunohos ; cauliflower., Is. to is. per dozen ; celery, 8s. to 6s. per dozen bunches ; watercress, Od, por dozon hunches ; cucum- bers, Is. Od. por dozen ; garllo, Gd. por Ib.; homo radish, 4s. per dozen bunches ; look, Od. per dozon bunches ; lettuce, 3d. to Od. nor dozen; marjoram, lCd. per dozen bunchoa ; mint, lOd. do. ; onions (dried), 20a. to 22». per cwt. ; do. (green), Od. to 8d. por dozon bunches ; parsloy, Od. to Dd. per dozen bunches ; parsnips, Od. to Is. do. ; peas, 3d. per lb. ; potatoes, Ha. Gd. to Os. ed. per ewe. ; do. young, 8s. to 10s. per cwt.; pumpkins, 4s. per dozen ; radish, Gd. to Sd. per dozon bunchoa ; rhubarb, la. to 2s. do. ; sago, Is. do. ; aplnaob, unsaleable; thyme, Od. per dozen bunches; turnips, 4d. to Gd. do. ; tomatoes, Id. to 1 Jd per lb. ; vcgotable murrow«, Is. pea* dozon. Fruit*--Apples, 4d. per lb. ; melons, water. Is. por dozen ; do., rock,"_s. Gd. per ; dozon. Dalry Produce.-Butter, la. 8d. to Is. lOd. per lb. ; ducks, Cs. Od. per pair ; eggs, 2s. 3d. to 2a. Od. per dozon; goeso, 8s. per pair; bens, 4s. to 6s. do. ; honey, Gd. to Od. por lb. ; plgooru, ts. Gd. per pair; pork, Od. per lb. ; rabbit«, 8s. per pair ; sucUns pigs, 10s. each; turkeys, 10s. to 12a. Od. per pair ; bacon, is 4d. ivor lb. Wool, TALLOW, AND HIDES.-Messrs. J, rj. Clough and Co. report :-" Wool.-A small auction sole o£ wool took place on tho 16th instant, which bas been the only ono hold during tho month. A few bales only passed tbo hamtnor, at prices which afford no criterion of the real state of tho market, as thoy consisted only of o fow straggling lota, scarcely sufficient in number to describo oven as a eleoring-outsalo. Tho season has long been virtually, and l8 now actually, at an ond, so that tho depressing lntelllgonro convoyed to us by the Mtrch mulla re- ceived in Hobson's Boy punctually to dato, on Sun- day, tho 10th Inst., as to tho condition of tho London market, has not produced any appreciable impression here. No wool is coming down, and the shipments that love beon made during tho past month havo boon on owners'account. The Customs clearances havo boen as follow:- For tho wcok cndlngAprll 26,506,2401b.; value, £24,786. Moy 2, 212,4901b. ; valuo, £16,884. May 9, 80,6601b. ; valuo, 0,800. Total, 007,2821b. ; value, £40,419. Add previous shipmonts from 20th Septem- ber, 1802, to 10th May, 1803. 18,42»,2S01!>. ; valuo, £1,474,104. Total, 10,031,6411b. ; value, £1,62.',683. The following ships havo cleared with wool since our lost ¡-Moy 1, Great Britain, 878 bales ; Moy 5, lady Melville, 374 bales. Total, 1,262 bales. Tallow.-During tho month somo considerable quan- tity of tho better lort, forcandlo-making purposes', hal changed hands, whilst lower qualities scarcely find Eurchasers oxcopt ot very low flgurcB, at which elders aro lndlsposodto quit stocks; so that, oxcopt in the former sorts, scarcely any business has boon f I done. Great caution has distinguished all tranBiotlins , tinco tho arrival of tho mall on the 10th Inst. Wo ! may quota as follows :-Good mutton, from £39 to 1 £44 por ton, and for lower qualities from £82 to £35 per ton. Tho shipments of the month hove boon only I -May I,. Qrcot Britain, 118 casks. Hides.-Our ; transactions during tho month hlfco been few lu num- 1 her and ununportsnt. Wo hove sold a fow dry hides, J in bad condition, from 2s. Od. to 6s., at which priées j . they do not pay corrlago. Orders are fow and limited, 1 j but good wet salted ate worth from 10s. to 12s. ooah." 3 i Meiari. B. Goldsbrough and Co. report : -" Wool.- J ' The amount of business dono since the departure ot 1 last mail docs not call for particular no'.lco, as at this J season of tho year there is scircoly any wool coming I In for salo. One auction salo has been hold, at which 1 180 bales were catalogued; tho lots offered, however, j WHO nearly all odd liait s and remnants of clip» nr¿- f viously sold, consequently tho prlcos obtained do nit afford any relliblo quotations na to tho valuo I 0 largo lofs. Tto unfavourab'o news received from tho homo market of the low prices ruling in the Fobruary Bales, has had a dep-essnlg effect, it being ovldont'that too high rates havo beer» 01 ven here for last season's clip. Trices ourront :_ Greasy-inferior to ordinary, 7d. to 8d. ; erdinary to morago, 8Jd. to lOd. ; f ood to «tiperlor, 10}d. to Is. OJd. Flocco-Inferior to ordltiary, Is. 2d to Is. 4d. ; ordinary to average, Is. Bl. to la. 7d. ; good to supo, rlor, Is. 9cL to 2«. Id. Scoured-ordinary, Is. 4d. to Is. 7d. ; good, le. 8d. to Is. lOd. ; superior, 2s. to 2s. Ed. Tho following ships havo cleared during tho month with wool on board :-May 1, Great Britain, E78 bales ; May 6, LadyMolvillo, 874 do.;May 23. Kent, 618 do. Total, 1,770. Previous shipmonU, 82,623 do. Total Ociobor 25. 1802, to date, 84,203. Tallow. During tbo month there baa boen an improved do- mand for tbo botter sorts of beef, mlxod, and mutton, fir candió making : and prices for those have slightly advanced. For shfpmont thoro IB scarcely anything doing, tho rates ruling leaving no margin to cov-r the risk. We quote-Boef, £38 to £35 per ton; mixed, £34 to £30 do ; mutton, £39 to £43 do. Hides.-Stool« are accumulating In curers' han Is until moro favourable opportunities for shipment, present freights being too high. Largo parcel», lu 1 .hipping order, may bo quoted 12s. to 14a. cadi. There Is, however, but limited Inquiry." SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SIXCB OUR LAST SUMMAItT. [B., British; A., Amorlcan; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Oh., Chilian ; p., Portuguese; H., Hamburg; N., Norwegian ; 8., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Bolg., Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; K., Russiui ; te,ship; b., barquo; br., brig; se, schooner; st., steamer.] April ARRIVED. 26\. St. Clair, F. b., 409, A. Merle, Otago.-II. von der Nahmer. 25\. Birch Grove, B. b., 618, J. Byron, London._ Katzcnstein and Co. i 26\. Movorick, A. s., 0S9, T. Ellis, Boston.-Newell and . Co. 20\. Car), B. b., 164, W. Bevoridgo, Samarang.-II. S. Smith. 20\. Tho Oak, B. se., 190, D. Dawson, Aberdeon. Bright Brothers and Co. 20\. Angela B. Coutts, B. s., 690, B. Candllsh, Cal- cutta.-Coptoln. 20\. Onwaid, B. b., 818, T. Collenson, Livorpool. Lorimor, Marwood, and Co. 23\. Amelio, F. b., 283, F. Dloncou, Hong Kong. Wilkinson Brothors. 28\. Dnmio, B. t., 70S, Q. Graham, London.-Dalgety and Co. 28\. Claro, B. s, 988, It, J. Borrow, Livorpool.-Lori- mor, Marwood, and Co. 28\. Victoria, n.M. c. st, 7 guns, - Norman, cruise. 29\. Spy, B br., 229, - LcslOre, Oporto.-Parbury, Lamb, and Co. 29\. Albort Edward, B. b., 497, J. P. Lowther, Mau rltius.-Dalgoty and Co. May 1\. Ana Catharine, Cli. b., 206, S. Hayes, Charente Bligh and Ilarbottlo. 8\. Alt Mocklooborg, B. s., 490, J. Korff, Californio. -Callendor and Co. 8\. Bluo Jacket, B. s., 1,443, J. Whito, Otago.-Lo- rimor, Marwood, and Co. 0\. Schah Jehan, B. a., 700, A. Pansons, Manilla - Rolfo and Bailey. 0\. Red Jacket, B. s., 2,000, G. T. Harley, Otago. - Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 10\. Northam, B. st., 905, N. J. Skottowe, Point de Galle. - J. Sparkes. 10\. Djambl, N. Bt, - guns, P. A. van Boes, Ade- laide. 11\. Eliza Blanche, B. br., 170, J. Grlmo, Colombo. Dalgety and Co. 14\. Roxburgh Costlo, B. s., 1,120 tons, O. Da nilli, London.-W. P. Whito and Co. 14\. Henrietta Browls, B. b., 270, W. Jackson, ilr.url ritus.-Vicloi io Sugar Company. 14\. St. Louis, F. s., 461, - Equln, Bordeaux.-Bligh. and narbottlo. 14\. Princo Ruport, B. s., 1,184, R. Scott, Livorpool. Smith, Strachan, and Co. 10\. PoverUof tho Peak, B. a, 718, O. J. Coombo, London.-Bright Brothors and Co. 10\. Hohlambo, B. b., 810, R. Gordon, Foo-Chow-Foo. -Lorimor, Marwood, and Rome. 10\. O. F. Lcsslng, H. br., 276, O. G. Lessing, Foo- chow Foo.-Bright Brothers ond Co. 17- Prido of England, B. a,, 1,333, J. Balford, London. -Holmos, Whito, nnd Co. 17\. Arabian, B. s., l.oes, E. II. Tidmarsh, Liverpool. loiluior, Marwood, and Romoi 17\. JanHondrlch, D. b., 040, J. Lolquoth, Gothon burg 17\. Carolus Magnus, A. a., 1,440, E. IT. Ashloy, New York.-Lord and Co. 17\. Adriatic, B.b., 803, J. Barron, Mauritius.-Joshua Brothers. 17\. Themis, B. s , 800, W. Cole, London.-J. Honty and Co. 20\. Thomas Roydon, B. s., 801, L. Wobstcr, London. De Pass Brothers and Co. 21\. Ultima, B. s., 1,226, J. W, Boyd, London. Micbaolls, Boyd, and Co. 21\. Redan, li. a, 860, A. Evans, Bristol.-Bright Brothors and Co. 21\. Madras, H. b., 220, V. T. Wuppor, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. 21\. Hannah Nicholson, B. h., 261, R. Hodgson, Mau- ritius.-Joshua Brothers. 21\. St. Magnus, B. b., 280, R. Hanowor, Mauritius. J. Henty and Co. 21\. Robert Mnckonzlo, B. s., 843, - M'Millan, Lou don -Dalgety and Co. ¿ April OLEAlir.D OUT. 26\. Matilda Atholing, B. a,, 077, T. Power, Madras. -Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 26\. Ocran Bride, A. b., 201, A. T. Milton, Otago.-Os- born, Cushlng, nnd Co. 26\. Velloro, F. h., 470, S. Didier, Batavia.-Klo'n anl Co. 27\. Gulluxo, S, B., 012, J. N. Boyo, Callao.-Joshua Brothers. £0. Great Tasmania, B. s., 2,103, M. Flynn, Callao. Bright Brothors. Î0. Lsntdowuo, B. s., 716, 8. Toovey, Lyttolton, N.Z. -Smith, Straohau, and Co. May 1\. Independence, A. a, 827, N. dowell, Baker's Island -Kong Hong and Co. 1\. Eleonore, S. b., 180, J. A. Brockman, Invercargill. -Schlostcin and 03. 1\. Great Britain, B. st., 1,734, J. Oray, Liverpool Bright Brothors and Co. 2\. Tornado, B.s.,1,721, S. Underwood, Point do Gallo. -Bright Brothors and Co. 2\. Whito Rose, B s., 1,103. W. M. Wilson, Guam. Holmes, White, and Co. 2\. General Moslon, F. b., 344, E. Parnoll, Svdnoy. Bligh and narbottlo. 4\. Wlollrcd, B. a, 1,850, W. Sargont, Calcutta. Bright Brothors and Co. 6\. Aoliotar, R. s., 700, A. L. Borgotrom, Callio. Joshua Brothers. 6\. Australia, S. s., 007, O. F. Wollondor, Batavia. Joshua Brothers. 6\. Cojlon, A. s., 098, L. G. Sampson, DuEodln. Lewis and Co. 6\. Cliewrliigliop, B. s., 890, - Dixon, Calcutta. W. Crcsby and Co. 6\. lady SIolvlllo, B, s., 007, H. Gimblott, London, W. P. Whito and Co. 0\. Claro, A. s., 832, O. G. Wolla, Callao.-GIbbj, Ronald, and Co. 0\. Edon, B, b., 812, T. K. Loudon, Guam.-M'Cul loch, Sellar, and Co. 8\. Thooda, B. b., 440, M. Sowoll, Otago_Reid, Poole, and Co. 0\. Bavaria, A. s., 970,8. M. Warren, nong Kong. Captain. 11\. Northam, B. st., 905, N. J. Skottowe, Sydney. — J. Sparkes. 13\. Macassar, H. b., 400, T. O. Bohn, Guam.-Hoogo and Prolf. l8. Lady Ann, B. B., 088, J. Wobb, Hong Kong.-J. Henty and Co. l8. Laurence, B. b., 800, II. Salmon, Guam.-M'Cul locb, Sellar, and Co. 14\. Angola Ilurdott Coutts, B. s., 600, B. Candllsh, Cal- cutta.-W. Harrison and Co. 14\. Kdcn, B b., 312, F. W. Loudon, Mauritius. M'CulIocli, Soltar, and Co. 14\. Southern Empire, B. s., 1,684, T. Roovos Callan. Lorimer, Mar« ood, and Rome. 15\. Ecliptic, B. b., 83i), T. Collinson, Hong Kong. Holmes and RUBSOII. 15\. Maverick, A. a, 707, T. EI1W, Callao.-Newell ond Co. 10\. Klndordjko, D. s., 017, D. Zwononburg, Batavli. l8. Amollo, F. b , 800, V. Droncou, PotropauloskoL -Wilkinson Brothers and Co. l8. AuB'ralian, B. s., 802, P. Lolgb, Manilla.-Haigo and Trell. l8. Goldon nora, B. s, 1,111, J. T. Rico, Calcutta, Micbaolls, Boyd, ard Co. . , l8. nonlKby, D. P., 716, J. von Valk, Calcutta.-R. ond 8. Gibbs. 20\. St, Clair, F. b., 400, A. Merlo, Columbo.-H. van der Nohmor. 21\. Alt Mecklenburg, A. b,, 490, J. 8. Korff, San Francisco. 21\. Birch Grovo, B. b., 600, J. Byron, Guam.-Kat zeuBtoin »ni. Oo. 21\. Bluo Jacket, 1,422, J. Whito, Point do Galle Lorlinur,SIarwood, and Romo. 22\. Otto, R. s., 695, F. Llgnoll, Dunedin.-Do PASS Brothora and Co. 24\. Kout, B. B , 1,000, M. T. Clayton, London.-W. P. Whito and Co. PASSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND BY, AND SLNCE THE DEPARTURE OP, THE APRIL MAIL. Antill 20. Boliar, H.M.S. For Southampton-Sir Thoura Tratt, K.0 B. ; Lady Pratt, Captain Foster, A.D C. Tor Maisolllcs- Mr. Do Pass, Mr. Powell, Mr. Tooth. For Bucz- Mr. NoyoB, Mr. Gibbs, Mr. Hankey. * MAY 1. Great Britain, s.s , for Livorpool. Cabin ¡-Cáptala TlmliiB and Mrs. Titnins, Misses Tlmlns (tvvi), infant, and servant; Mr. Andorson, Mrs. Lyon and servant, Mr. and Mrs. Fenton, Misson Fonton (two), Master renton, infant, and servant ; Mrs. Dixon, Mia. Crosbie, Misses Crosbie (two), Mr. AV. Fonwlck, Mr. Moyor, Mrs. Mejor, child, mid servant, ; Mr. and Mrs. Tinllno, MIBBOS Tmlino (two), Masters'I lui Ino (two), and sonant; Miss Chalmers, llev. - Ewing, Mrs. Ewing, Misses Ewing (lw o) ; Mrs. Bland, Mrs. Mosengcr, Infant, ana servant; Dr. Stewart and Mis. Stowart, Mr. Walter Craig, Master Craig, Mr. and Mrs. Gifford, Mr. Andorson, Mr. Aitken, Mr. Gl»d stono, Mr. A. AV. Brown, Mr. Boss, Mr. Cumber- land, Mr. Sproat, Mr. Sinclair, Mr. II. O. Robinson, Mrs. Purcell, Mr. Q li. AValto, Mr. Hodgson, Mr mid Mrs. Lcallo, Mr. C. Tliompson, Kov. - Scully, Mr. and Mrs. Goorgo Koberts and two children, Mr. Wil- sen, Mr. Chavo, Ma'tera Glos« (two), Mr. Cadeli, Mrs. g.huhkrofft, Mr. Nolan, child, and servant; Mr, A, Leman, Mr. A. Joño», Motara. Blannon (two), Mr. Dunkliy, Mr. AVelby, Mr. AVhlto, Mr. Chapman, Mr. J. Andirson, Mr. Ilendoraon, Mr. Macintosh. Mr. It. Sln.iuom, Mr G. Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Ma-lino, Mr. Croiblo, Mr, and Mrs. Bl.echmuro. MA\ 5. Lady Melville, for London. Cabin: Mr. and Mrs. Gresham, family, and servant ; Mrs. Singleton, family, and sorvant ; Mr. and Mrs. Jamieson and child, Mrs. Mock and child, Mrs. Hall and child, Mr. I. 8. Davis, Mr. R. Courtney, Mr. Nash, Mr. Hodgson, Mr. Moraon, Di. Hughes. MAT 28. Kent, for London. Cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Appleton, family, and sorvant ; Mr. and Mrs. Jacobs, Mr. and Mrs. Ex col i. child, and ken ant ¡Mossrs. Bagot, Ken Ivy, Oreen, Wcnlson, M'Keaii, Wlieol«light, Bciiubun, keliher», Snow, and Forman. 