LATEST FROM. EUROPE. The distribution of the Lucknow prize money is likely to commence on the1st January as regards the regiments entitled to participate therein. In the case of the Staff, however, some further delay must take place, the rolls not having been received from India Rhine tourists will be sorry to hear that the fine old castle at Heidelburg is crumbling to pieces. The fine old facade is already exhibit- ing ominous cracks. This is ascribed to the shaking caused by the passage of the railway trains through a tunnel which runs directly under the castle. It is rumored that the Emperor of the French has laid before the Governments of England and Russia a plan of mediation in America, which proposes an armistice between the belligerent powers. It is stated that it has been accepted by Russia, and that it remains now for England to consider it. | A curious application was made by the Court of Queen's Bench on Friday. An attorney blest-or, as he thought, cursed-with four Christian names of inordinate length, asked the Court to allow him to strike out and disuse two of them, The names were Edmund Jonathan Hornblower Watkins, with Clarke for a surname. The constant signature of these names, and the necessity of writing them in full in deeds, were, he stated through counsel, Sources of frequent annoyance and expense. He desired to get rid of Jonathan and Watkins. After some good humored observations on the part of the Judges the permission was granted. A private letter from New Orleans, of the 9th ult., says :-" Slaves are running away from sugar plantations in the neighborhood. Our loss is from thirty to thirty-five. Butlershut up Dr. Goodrioh's Episcopal Church, and sent him to Ship Island. Felix Forster and H. M. j Wright sent to Fort Pickens. Mr. Burroughs, an Englishman, clerk in Messrs. H. R. and Co.'s office, who was sentenced to imprisonment by General Butler, for not delivering up bills of lading for silver plate shipped per Essex: has got a respite for a month, and it is said now H. M. Rinaldo is here, that he will get off altogether." 1 It is said that there is a probability that the King of the Belgians may pass the winter months in the south of the Isle of Wight. The Glasgow and Dublin, and Glasgow and Liverpool steamers Havelock and Princess Royal, have been purchased on Confederate account. Mr. Donald McKay, the American shipbuilder, in a letter to a Boston paper says, the French and English iron-plated ships are altogether superior to the American Monitors, which, he says, cannot live in a heavy seaway, and a heavy frigate would run them down and that in case of war with either of those nations America would have to submit to a disgraceful blockade. Duels are rife at Berlin between civilians and the military. Three students have encountered at the suburb of Hasenhaide, three officers, and killed one of them, wounding the others. Serious defalcations, extending over some years, and amounting altogether to £3,000 have been discovered in the funds of the Doncaster Building Society. The defaulter is the Secretary. The trial of Gardener, the master chimney- sweep, for the murder of his wife, has ended in a verdict of guilty and sentence of death against him. He loudly protested in court that he was " as innocent as the unborn babe," to which he added. " Any man who would destroy the life of his wife, with his own flesh and blood in her body, hanging is too good for him !" He throws the charge of murder upon a woman who lived as servant in his house, and who was avowed to be his paramour. A Kerry priest, the Rev. Father Foley, denounced from the altar one of his congregation, a landed proprietor, for raising the rents of tenants. The gentleman was in the chapel at the time, and he charged the priest with " desecrating the altar." The priest has since been punished by his bishop, but it is reported that the landlord was strongly urged to carry the case before the Queen's Bench. It is understood that a reply from the French Government to General Durand's late circular has been received at Turin. According to the Monarch a Nazionale. this note indicates no change in the policy of France towards Italy, but opens the way for fresh negotiations on the Roman question. While some men were, on Saturday, employed in digging a drain at the Altcar Rifle Range, the complete skeleton of a man was found buried in the sand about a foot and a half below the surface. It is surmised that it was the body of some man washed up by the sea, and gradually covered by the drifting sand on the shore.. The Daily Telegraph informed us, on Thursday, that English debtors from France are, like the swallows, flying homewards. This return is assigned to twocause3-the fear of the more severe debtor prisons across the Channel, and the reliance upon the laxity which, it is suggested, now characterizes all the proceedings in Basinghall-street. The France states that the principal members of the monarchial party at Athens have some idea of offering the crown of Greece to the Archduke Maximilian, brother of the Emperor of Austria. The office of Military Secretary to Lieutenant General Cameron, in New Zealand, is vacant by the retirement from the service of Major Whitmore, 63d Regiment. The Federal soldiers at Washington have been in the habit of melting down the bullets served out to them, and exchanging the metal for grog. It is reported that Lord Elgin is about to return to England, not being able to stand the climate of India, and the Duke of Argyll is to succeed him. Mr. Lumley, ex-lessee of Her Majesty's Theatre, has been adjudicated a bankrupt. The amount of liabilities cannot at present be as certained. The report that Mr. Charles Lafitte was negotiating a loan of £2,000,000 for the Turkish Government is contradicted. Jonah Andrews, manager of the Manchester City Bank, is in custody, charged with embezzlement. The Scotsman contradicts the statement that the Lord Advocate is about to accept a seat on the Scotch bench. His Grace the Archbishop has conferred the appointment of Precentor of York Cathedral upon the Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean. A New York photographer is making a good deal of money by exhibiting photographs of the slain as they lay on the battle field of Antietam. These pictures have a terrible distinctness. By the aid of the magnifying glass the very features of the stain may be distinguished. To appease many inquiring correspondents, we may state at once that there will be no brevet on the Prince of Wales' birthday. As we have already mentioned, some promotions to the highest rank in the Army may probably be expected, as well as a further distribution of the honor of the Bath. Army and Navy Gazette. On Saturday night a meeting was held under the auspices of the Social Science Association, at their rooms, Waterloo-place, London, with the immediate object of wishing Miss Maria Rye " God Speed" in her undertaking of taking out a large number of females to the Australian colonies, and generally to promote the emigra- tion of educated females. Letters from Calcutta give us rather an encouraging account of the progress of Indian cotton cultivation. Several native princes and capitalists, such as the Maharajah of' Rewa, and Koosliial Child, the banker of Jubbnlpore, have taken up this business, advancing money to the cotton-growers, and procuring from England the requisite machinery gins to clean the cotton, and separate fibre from seeds or screws to press and pack it, when stowed into the bags. A report from Mr. Burch, the British Consul at Charleston, which has been communicated by Earl Russell to the Manchester Cotton Supply Association, states that the quantity of cotton now remaining in the Southern States of America is 3,950,000 bales, including the crop of 1862, not yet picked, which he estimates at not more than 1,500,000 bales. Of the crop of 1861, about one million bales have been destroyed, to prevent its falling into the hands of the Federal invaders A correspondence, published in the London papers of yesterday, shows that the letter written by Garibaldi to the United States' Consul at Vienna, in favor of the Federal cause, is correct. In defence of this opinion, Garibaldi says he does not see in America a question of commerce, but a human problem to be solved. He cannot think, without great emotion; that in a land where, as an exile he was honored with the citizenship, there are human beings sold by auction like sheep or horses. He thinks and trusts that the Federal Government will abolish slavery. Tai?, he says, is their duty; and it will and must be their decision. It is added that when Garibaldi is suffi- ciently recovered to travel, he intends to visit London. In London a drunken and excited woman made use of the expression " God strike me down dead, when, almost before she had got the words out of her mouth, she fell on a heap of stones in the street, and on being picked up life was found to be extinct. On Thursday 5,000 of the Imperial Guards were reviewed in the Champs Elysees, Paris. In the course of the review so many blunders were made that the commanding officer, General Bertrand, got into a furious rage with the colonels of regiments. A rather old political debt has been paid this week. For the last fifty years diplomatic conferences have been going on between Brazil and Spain concerning damages claimed by subjects of both countries for losses sustained in the South American struggles. Finally, a mixed commission was appointed to settle the matter, which decided that Brazil should pay to Spain 775 contest de Feis, and Spain to Brand 175contos, The balance of 600 contes, or about £64,000 was handed over a few days ago by the Brazilian Ambassador at Madrid to the Spanish Government. The costs in this pretty little international chancery suit are said to amount to several millions sterling. The Quaker City, a Federal cruiser, forming? one of the blockading squadron, has been lost off North Edisto, N.O. The Northern States have succeeded at last in creating a fleet. They have 256 ships in commission, 51 in the South Atlantic, 43 in the North Atlantic, 57 in the West Gulf, and 21 in the East Gulf. Of these 25 are iron-plated, while the dockyards have orders to turn out 37 more. Davis, the American Federal general who shot General Nelson, has been released from arrest and has resumed his command. Davis, it may be remembered, received great pro- I vocation from Nelson, who was of a bullying dis- j [ position. A circular has recently been issued from the Horse Guards calling upon commanding officers to forward a description return of the services, &c.;, of their regimental sergeant-majors. The authorities have called for this statement in order that, as opportunities occur, the Commander-in-Chief may be enable to select the most distinguished and deserving for commis- sions. United Service Gazette. It is asserted that Professor Jowett is to be proceeded against for his contributions to Essays and Reviews. It was supposed that Professor Jowett, who does not hold a parochial benefice, was not like Dr. Williams and Mr. Wilson, in a position which subjected him to ecclesiastical law, but it is asserted that Sir Robert Phillimore has expressed a strong opinion that such a view of the case is erroneous. The Gazette announces that the appointment of Mr. Rogers to the 5 th Dragoon Guards is cancelled. From a letter written to a contemporary, Mr. Rogers appears to deprecate such a step, as likely to make him appear guilty in the eyes of the public before he has had an opportunity of putting forth his defence. It is quite clear that one like Mr. Rogers, given to carouse with the private soldiers, would not be a very valuable acquisition to the 5th Dragoon Guards. The Governor of the Cape of Good Hope has refused to adopt the resolutions passed by the House of Assembly for introducing negroes captured by British cruisers. His Excellency also objected to introducing Caffres from beyond the border. We have reason to believe that the baton of field-marshal will be conferred on his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, and Lords Gough and Clyde, immediately after the heir apparent shall have attained his majority. United Service Gazette. 160,000 photographs of Prince Murat have reached Naples for distribution, each portrait is enclosed in an envelope containing a Muratist programme in the form of a letter to the " dear duke', who has long figured as an anonymous adherent of the cause. At a public dinner, at Copenhagen, the Prince of Denmark, referring to the marriage of his daughter with the Prince of Wales, said he thanked God for this alliance, which was not contracted for political motives, but was the result of reciprocal affection. Messrs. Bancroft and Co., of Liverpool, have honorably issued checks for the unpaid balances of a _ settlement made by them in 1846 on liabilities amounting to £26,000. The fifty-seventh anniversary of the battle of Trafalgar was celebrated on the 21st instant by 102 _ surviving officers, including twenty admirals, of whom Sir G. Sartorious is the senior. Professor Owen has communicated a paper to the Royal Society on a subject which has of late excited some interest among pakeontolo gists, namely, the newly-discovered fossil reptile with feathers. The authorities of the town of Eremsmunster, in Austria, have rigorously interdicted servant girls, ladies' maids, and such like, from wearing crinoline. In the Austrian war budget there is a sum of 2500\. demanded for the feeding of cats to be be kept in the victualling magazines of the army. A smart shock of earthquake was felt at Jamaica on the evening of the 2nd ult. A letter from Rome states that the Pope's Irish Brigade is at length finally dissolved. It is reported from Jamaica that the movement in favor of American immigration is progressing. On the 20th September a severe inundation destroyed a considerable amount of property at St. Lucia. On Friday the Prince Napoleon and Princess Clotilda inspected the royal apartments in Windsor Castle. A new Wesleyan Chapel was opened a few days ago, in Paris, near the now Boulevard Malesherbes, close to the Madeleine. A Lyons letter says "Large orders for silk stuffs have been received here from Italy and London: already the plain silk and foulard looms are being again set up, which circumstance leads to the belief that there will be plenty of employment during the winter." It is believed that the recent drain of gold from Paris and London has been partly caused by some advances made to the Italian Government on Treasury Bonds, on condition that these bonds shall be received in payment of subscriptions to the next Italian loan. A 12-ton gun, of 105 inches bore is now being rifled by Sir William Armstrong on the shunt principle. It is to have six grooves, and the projectiles are to have zinc strips for bearings. Besides this a gun, a rifled 200-pounder breech-loader is said to be in progress at Elswick. The son of a gentlemen named Rose, living at Stoke Newington, has died from the following cause A day or two ago, a cat jumped from a cupboard in a room where the lad was in search of something, which so alarmed him that he never rallied from the shock, although every medical attention was paid him. Information has been received from the Zambezi of the retreat of the Oxford and Cambridge mission party, through fear of being attacked by the natives, whom they did not wish again to fight. There was a dispute between the Rev. Mr. Rowley and Dr. Livingstone respecting who is to blame for this fighting having arisen. A remarkably bold letter has been addressed by the Russian officers in Poland to the Grand Duke Constantine, regarding the part which the army had been compelled to act in the recent outbreaks in that distracted country. They assert that the position of the army is strange and insupportable, on account of the singular fact that it has to chose between being the execution of the Polish people, or refusing obedience to its chiefs. The Board of Trade returns continue to contrast favorably with those of 1861, but still show a great falling off if taken in comparison with 1896. For the last month our exports were in value £176,121 more than they were in September last year, but were loss by £2,251,127 than in the same month of 1860. The total value of our exports for last month was £11,396,327 ; while the nine expired months of this year give a total of £93,672,434, which is only £122,898 less than last year. The ex-Queen of Naples has been induced to quit her conventual residence and to return to her consort at Rome, " in complete resignation to whatever may happen." Sir A. Buchanan, KCB.. her Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the King of the Netherlands, has been appointed to a similar office at the Prussian Court. We understand that Major-General Lord George Paget, C.B., is to succeed to the Divisional Command in Bengal, lately vacated I by Major-General Sir Robert Garrett Army | and Navy Gazette, A Advices from the Pacific state that £700,000 of the English loan had reached Peru, but remained deposited in the hands of the coming [ needs, the Government still refusing to accept the loan. A revolution had again broken out in Bolivia. We are now told that Mdlle. Titiens has relinquished all present idea of going to America further, that Madame Albani's retirement from the stage has been prematurely announced, the valuable contralto having no such intention.-Athencewn. 'J The Maharajah Dhuleep Singh, has become the proprietor of Hatherop Castle and estate, situate on the Cotswold Hills, about two miles from the pretty little town of the Fairford, and nine miles from Cirencester, in East Gloucestershire, at the price, it is said, of £225,000. Queen Amelia of Greece, has paid a visit to the Queen of Naples, at Augsburg. The latter has made her arrangements for passing the winter at the Ursuline Convent. Her Majesty has commissioned Mrs. Thor, Roycroft to make a bust of the Princess Alexandra of Denmark, and her Royal Highness is giving daily, the necessary sittings for the model. On Thursday evening, the aggregate subscriptions at the London Mansion House, in aid of the distress in Lancashire, reached the munificent sum of £100,000. No. less than 598 bundles of clothing " of all conceivable kinds" have also been received at the Mansion House depot. At the Tipperary quarter sessions,, Mr Sergeant Hawley had just sentenced a young man to imprisonment and hard labour, when the prisoner threw a heavy stone at him. The, judge threw himself from his chair and evaded' the missile, which struck the panelling and was smashed to pieces. Some very interesting trials of 12-pounder field guns, rifled according to the different; systems of Sir William Armstrong and Mr. Whitworth, was made at Fort Twiss, near Shorncliffe, recently, before General Bloomfield, Inspector-General of Artillery, and a large staff of officers. The Whitworth gun is alleged to have completely triumphed over, the Armstrong. On Friday, Sir John Pakington, in his opening address at the Edinburgh Philosophical In a stitution, eulogized the educational system of Scotland and America, and said " he turned to England with humiliation." Lord Palmerston has refused to become a candidate for the Lord Rectorship of the University of Glasgow. Major-General Sir J. Michel, who, with other > British officers, has been making a tour of inspection in Denmark, with a view of gaining information respecting the condition of the Danish military establishments, has returned to England, and they are, we understand, impressed favorably by what they have seen. ? Sir Charles Wood has appointed Sir Charles Trevelyan-Mr.Trollope's Sir Gregory Hard lines to succeed Mr. Laing as Indian Minister of Finance. Considering that the same secretary > recalled the same officer for open insubordina- tion, and that the objection to Mr. Laing is his independence, the selection is somewhat so-. centric Lord Malmesbury's presence among the many guests who met the Emperor and. Empress at Count Persigny's seat, Charamande, was the most noticeable feature of that festival, for of course his lordship's attendance at the . banquet did not come under the Horatian quali- fication locus est et paribus umbra Paria correspondence of the Globe. From Simla we have a report that heavy gambling transactions have taken place there among the military. Col. Christie, whose losses have amounted to £25,000, has been deprived of the brigade command at Delhi. The Commander-in- Chief has also remanded some members of his personal staff to their corps on account of their participation in " high play." The chief winner, it is confidently reported, is Lieut. Elton, ex aide-de-camp. The Mediterranean fleet is to be reduced by seven ships. This at a moment when Greece in a state of revolution, Italy in an unsettled condition, and Austria and Turkey far from being in a quiescent position, would seem to argue very great confidence in the resources which we possess in our Channel squadron, and in the few ships still left on the home station. Army and Navy Gazette. The Female Blondin" has now left the hospital, being famed for life through the fall at - Highbury Barn, one leg being shorter than the other. She bore her sufferings with great fortitude. She is the only support of an aged father. It is well known that there sprang up a fierce personal hatred between the Queen of Greece and Napoleon the Third, which well nigh produced an explosion when they met in Ger* many.-Saturday Review. The Turkish Government has issued a proclamation designed to have the effect of promoting the culture of cotton in Turkey. A paragraph in a contemporary states that the authorities have approved of Captain Blakeley's muzzle-loading guns, and have ordered a number of them. The Channel squadron, under the orders of Rear-Admiral Smart, K.H., will, after leaving Gibraltar, proceed to the Tagus, which until further orders will be the rendezvous of the several ships. The Saint Public of Lyons publishes the following not very probable story : " A woman, while lately watching a flock of sheep in the neighborhood of Lyons, was caught in a violent storm and took refuge under a tree. A short time after a branch was torn from the trunk by the wind and fell at her feet, accompanied by a number of pieces of gold. Astonished at thus finding herself transformed into a Danae, she looked up and saw a hole in the trunk, whence the branch had been torn, and on putting her hand into it found a further lot of gold pieces, amounting together to 20,000f. The news of this discovery spread rapidly in the village, and every one was lost in conjectures as to where the money could have come from. At length some of the ancients solved the enigma by stating that about thirty years ago a rich landed proprietor residing in the neighborhood had been murdered by his servant and robbed of a large sum of money, which he was not known to have in his possession. The servant was tried and executed, but he would never confess where he had concealed the treasure Is this the gold stolen On Saturday the monthly return of metropolitan debtors was made, and the result was satisfactory as to the number of persons con- fined for debt, In Whitecross street prison there were seventy-nine, of which fourteen were the persons received from the Queen's Prison, and fifteen commitments from county courts. The officers of the late Queen's Prison have been pensioned under the new act, and the walls of that place, as well as the late Fleet Prison, are looked upon with the knowledge that there are now no prisoners within them for debt. The C/iariuaripublishos a woodcut represent- ing Old Father Time, looking on with great satisfaction at a figure intended to represent America, which is in the act of taking up and swallowing a number of armed men, belonging to both the Federal and the Confederate forces. Underneath is inscribed a line declaring that Old Saturn beholds with pleasure that he is not the only one that devours his children. The celebrated debating club of Cambridge University-the Union-was engaged for two nights last week in the discussion of the American question. The question was put in effect that the cause of the North was the cause of human progress. After an adjourned debate the proposition was negatived by 197 votes to thirty-three. The eldest son of Earl Russell spoke against the motion. Mr. Wemyss Jobson, who has for some time past been in vain endeavoring to persuade various magistrates at the police courts to grant him a warrant against Mr. Disraeli for perjury, took his case into the Court of Queen's Bench on Tuesday. He made application for a mandamus to compel two magistrates Mr. Arnold and Mr. Alderman Carter-to hear his case. The judges patiently heard his story, and then told him he asked for what on the facts they could not grant. The contents of a private letter from St Vincent exhibit a very dreadful state of things in that island. The negroes have risen and destroyed much property, and threatened to exterminate the whites. For the present they háv^ÉMn- put down by the prompt action of the principal inhabitants, but they are dispersed over the island, and it will be difficult insecure them. Her Majesty's ship Challenger was off the island, and the safety of the town. thereby secured. The net annual receipts of the late City of London, Solicitor, from 1348to 1862. averaged! very nearly £2,100. In the year lSGO-ei.fche nek receipts were upwards £2,200, ; inl8G2-62,mor-, 