SUMMARY EUROPE. INTRODUCTION". "When the June mail for England was despatched a Ministerial crisis existed. Mr. O'Sbanassy's Cabinet had resigned, and. Mr. M'C'iillooli Lad been sent for. He found tho task of forming a Ministry less difficult than it proved on some former occasions, and when Parliament ro-assemblcd on the 28th ult., Mr. Cohen, on the part of the Chief Secretary, was able to announce the names of eight of the new Ministers. Sinco then the list has been completed by tho accession of Mr. Fellows and Mr. Michie, and stands as follows : Mr. M'Cullooh. Chief Secretary. Sir. Michie .Minister of Justice. llr Iliginbotham. ... Attorney-General. Mr. Verdon .Treasurer. HT TT" i-, J President of the B. Mr. Heales .j of Lands & Survey. Mr. Hervev ... J Commissioner of -FT«T.* J liommisäioner of HerYty .Í Public Works. AIV r.rnnf f Commissioner of Mr. Grant .j Hallways. Mr -Rrnnr-ia /Commissioner of Mr. i; rancis .j Customs. Mr. Sullivan . Minister of Mines Mr. Fellows .Without office. The oflico of Postmaster-General has not beeu filled up, and the Chief Secretary discharges tho duties ot, that department. Of the ten members of the Cabinet, eight sit in tke Lower House, and two-Mr. Hervey and Mr. Fellows-in the Council. All of them who were members prior to their acceptance of office have been re-elected, opposition having been offered in one instance only the election of Mr. Grantjor the Avoca District. In that case a foolish fellow, a miner of Inglewood, nominated and se- conded himself, and afterwards proposed and supported some thirty other candi- dates, and having demand a poll, put the country to the expense of an election, in which Mr. Grant obtained 87 G votes as agiiinst an aggregate of forty-six votes for all his opponents. Mr. Nixon, one of the representatives for Polwarth and South Grenville, resigned his seat in favour of Mr. Michie, but alocal gentleman named Armytage entered tho field on pro- tectionist principles. At the nomination, the show of hands was in favour of the Minister of Justice. The poll takes place on Monday, and there Í3 every reason to hope that when Parliament ro-assembles on the 4fc!i proximo, after the adjourn- ment for the elections, the whole of the Ministry will be found in their places. It is admitted that the new Ministry is a strong one as regards character, ability, and experience. Two members of it only are now to office-the Attorney General and the Commissioner of Public Works-but the duties of their respec- tive departments -will not suffer in their hands. The only noticeable omission is that of Mr. Brooke-the author of the occupation licences-who was especially active in his opposition to the late Go- vernment, and was tne only member sit- ting on the anti-Ministerial benches who spoke in the debate which was followed by the resignation of the O'shanassy Government. The disappointment to that honourable gentleman is no doubt great, and it has sufficed to drive him already into opposition, though four of his former colleagues hold office in the new Cabinet. The omission, however, is a merit. Mr. Brooke will be joined in his opposition by various other disappointed cx-Ministers and aspiring members of the Lower House ; but on the other hand, Mr. M'Culloch will have the sup- port of Mr. Nicholson, and, probably, that also of another member of the O'shanassy Government, while several influential gentlemen who sat behind the lato Ministry will retain their places on the backbenches. The new Government ex- pect to meet Parliament with a strong body of supporters. Mr. M'Culloch, in Ms electoral address, based his hopes of success in office mainly on an " honest and straightforward " conduct of the public business. Mr. Higinbothara dwelt still moro strongly on the same point, and the views and statements of the leaders of the Government ou so vital a point of good government have been re- ceived by the constituencies with much satisfaction. The policy of the now Government has been but scantily revealed in ad- dresses and hustings speeches. The late Government resigned because the Legislative Assembly would not consent to what seemed to be a breach of faith with the pastoral tenants of tbo Crown, in withdrawing from the assessments made by tho arbitrators of the grazing capacity of the runs, and substituting a fixed rate por head of stock. Mr. M'Culloch. resisted that proposal as a violation of a contract, and he accepted office in the full belief that a large defi- ciency of revenue would aiise from the course which ho felt bound to follow. The Supreme Court, however, has to a large extent relieved him from the difficulty. An appeal was made to the court-to test the question whether the arbitrators had power, in making their awards, to below tho sum paid by the pastoral tenants in the year 18G1, the Land Act having contained a stipulation to that effect, though it was not embraced in the instructions given to the arbitrators. The judges held that tho rents could not be fixed at a less sum than was paid in 1861. There was, therefore, no ground for the proposal submitted by Mr. Duffy ; and nothing is left for Mr. M'Culloch to do but to redeem his pledge of re-opening cases where glaring injustice has been done to the squatter by the fixing o£ his rent at too high a figure, or to the Crown by the inadequacy of the sworn returns of stock kept in 1861 to the present capacities of the holdings. The Treasurer, in his speech to his constituents, stated that | ho expected a deficiency in the re- venue. There is every reason to be- lieve, howover, that the sales of land .suspended for some months-during the last half of the year, will go far to restore the balance between the revenue and the expenditure.- Tho increase in the receipts from Customs since the com-¡ niencement of the year has been con- siderable. The Electoral Bill carno va\o operation on the 1st proximo, and as tho secrecy of the ballot seems to be affected by a clause wliich provides that tlio ballot-papers shall be num- bered and kept for inspection, in case a necessity should arise for such a course, a short bill will be introduced to restore the secrecy of the ballot. The Local Government Bill, tho Municipal Institu- tions Bill, aud the .Immigration Bill, will probably be adopted by the Govern- ment. A bill to regulate Mining on Private Property is promised by the Minister of Mines, but we shall probably see the session brought to an early close without any new measure of importance being brought forward. At the dato of our last summary the colony waa nominally, it not practically, without a Government, the O'Shanatsy Ministry having resigned, and tho task of forming a new Ad- ministration having been undertaken by Mr. M'Culloch.- That task has been completed, and the various res ponsible offices-with the ex- ception of that of Postmaster-General-filled. Ministers so formed have been growing iu popularity with the country during the month, and whatever opposition they may encounter fiom the members of the late Government and their adherents when Par- liament reassembles,* they will at least tako their Beats on the Treasury benches stronger in every sense than it was at first supposed they could possibly be. The re-election of Ministers passed off quietly and without op- position, except in two cases-those of the . Minister of Justice and tho Minister of Riil ' ways. Mr. Grant was mot at Avoca with what appeared on the face of it was a foolish and vexatious opposition, somo thirty sham candidates having been proposed, one of them nominating hiinsulf. The show of hands was in favour of Mr. Grant by au overwhelm- ing majority ; but a poll was demanded. The result of the poll showed clearly the nnturo of the hostility to the new Minister. For Mr. Grant the numbers were 876, while his opponents polled no mora than foity-six amongst thom, Mr. Michie is at present a can- didate for the representation of Polwarth and South Grenville, the seat having been vacated by its lute inembjr, Mr. Nixon. The Minister of Justice, however, will not Le allowed to walk over the course, au opponent having como forwnrd in the person of Mr. Armytage, a gentleman resident in the locality. The nomination took place at Colac on Wednes- day, and the show of hands was largely in favour of Mr. Michie. The result of the poll, which wnadoniaiidpd.is looked forward to with inteieFt, the success of the Minister of Justlco not being deetntd at all certain. As regarda the other members of the Cabinet, as wo have said, there was not even n show of opposition. The addresses delivered by more than ono of the Minfcicis havo given vtiy considerable satisfaction, and PO fur as they have declared their intentions for the future the countiy may be said to go with thom generally. Of the measures loft to them by the lato Govern- ment, the Ministry, as was made known by lost mail, at once accepted tho Electoral Act, and advised Hit Excellency to give the Royal nssent to it. That was done, and the measure becomes law on the Int of next month. They havealsoannouuciid theiriutentionof proceecl in¿ with the Local Government Bill, and the Municipal Act Amendment Bill, but without accepting, as n Government, the responsibility attaching to tho passing of those measures. The Ministry aro divided in opinion regarding some, at least, of their moro important pro- visions, and they will simply present them again to the A'snmbly, leaving that chamber to do with them as it may. Having done that much, it appears likely that Ministers will en- deavour to shorten as far as they can the already too lengthened ' session ; but before the recess we shall probably have from tho new Tiea-urer some statement as to the financial position of the country. To the stoppage of the land Eales tho result is alone due ; and if there be a de- ficiency from this source, a glance at the present state of the Customs revenue will re- lieve any anxiety as to the state of our finances, and will, besides, afford a good idea of the real prosperity of the colony in a finan- cial point of view. The operation of the'Electoral Act, the be- coming law of which is so near at hand, is exciting consideiable interest ia various parts of the colony ; and meetings of local bodies, as well as meetings of tho publicf aro being held in different localities', with the view of forming committees to see to tho registration of voters for both Houses of Parliament under the new bill. Wo have else where, for tho information of our read- ers, described at some length the leading features of the bill, and point-id out the changes which its working will effect in the law us it at present stands : and we need not, therefoie, dwell on the subject here. One great effect of the new law, however, will be to prevent the recurrence of such a state of matters as was witnessed at tho late election for Avoca, and to which wo have already alluded. Of the other impoi tant measures left unfinished by the O'shanassy Ministry-wo mean the Local Government Bill, and tho Municipal Act Amendment Bil!-it would bo premature to say anything. Parliament re assembles on the -lth of next month, and almost Immedi- ately afterwaids wo shall leam what is likely to be the fate of these aheady well-advanced measures. Becent intelligence from Now Zealand would make it appear that tho war has now assumed it new, a larger, and much more ex- citing aspect. It was stated that the Wal katos and Waitara natives had declared for war, and that Major-General Cameron had been com pellod to withdraw his troops from Taranaki for the defunco of Auckland, the capital of the islind. Fortunately, ho had re- ceived substantial assistance by the op- portune an ¡val of the 18th Ruyal Iu3h, 900 strong. That news was confirmed appa- rently by still moto recent intelligence, to tho rather startling effect that the Maories, to the number of 5,000, were in the field, not far from Auckland, which they were threatening. If that intelligence be reliable, it will bo readily understood that General Cameron is likely to have his hands lull, and his position to bo- co mo ono calling foith all the skill, energy, and resources of a gallant and experienced soldiers. Our home readers will havo seen that tho downfall of the Provident Institute here, some timo ago, occasioned considerable excitement. It involved in its failure numbers of our arti zans, and workmen and servants of all kinds, many of whom had invested the savings or years in the institute, on the strength ot the high rate of interest offered, and the delusivo balance sheets published from time to time. Since that period there have been long and weary proceedings in the Insolvent Court in tho matter, and the directors havo one and all been subjected to lengthened and searching examination». The result of the proceedings in that coui t has been to make the case against tbife of the directors, viz., Mr. ThoodoieHand cock, Mr. Henry Pownall Sawell, and Mr. Arthur Andeisou, take a new shape. A fourth, Mt. John Porter, would have been also upon the liât, but io avoid profeecution he is at this moment either in hiding somewhere in the colony or has taken ship for another rart of tho world. Tho three directors named have been proceeded against at our City Police Court, charged with having conspired with the other directors, the already-named Mr. Porter and Mr. John Greenlaw Foxton, to dofraud tho depositors in tho Provident In Btitute by concocting fictitious balance sheets, and thereby inducing them to believe that the establishmentwasinastateof prosperity, when it was in leality in nn insolvent condition. The information was laid, ol course, on behalf of Mr. John Langlands, tho trade assignee of tho estate of the institute, elected by the de- positors; and after a lengthened investiga- tion, extending over two dajsand a half, tho defendants wero committed for trial at tho Supremo Court, ball to -a heavy amount being taken for the appearar ce of each. The investigation into tho organization and management oí the police force of the colony, conducted by tho Bolect committee of which the privileged Mr. Frazer, M L,A., waa chairman, appointed a long time ago by Parliament to perform that duty, has ended rather abiurdly. We havo had none of those painful oiiclosurcs which the promoters of the mouin/ had led us to anticipate, and nothing Tir.s been laid before us of a nature to justify the lengthened, and in somo respects vexatious, inquiry which has been .earned on. The chief recommendation, in- deed, of tho committee ic, that the force could 'be better managed under tho direction of a bo'drd of tlneo commissioners than, as at pre- vent; uudu' one icspon6iblo hend, and they re i commend a change of that nature. This is in reality tho groat poiut iu the repoit of tbo I committee; aud whether, or not-the chango might bo desirable, the result of the protracted labour of the committee is surely much akin to that of the mountain which produced a mouse. The approaching departure of Sir Henty Barkly is to bo Bignalizad in two ways. The Boyol Society have resolved to take steps to mark their appreciation of the services which His Excellency has rendered io the society, as its patron and president, an office which he has filled for soveral years. A committee has been formed to carry out the views of the society, and to decide the form which the recognition of Sir Henry's services should take. It has also been proposed to give His Excel- lency a public banquet prior to his departure, and a meeting of gontleinen interested in the movement will tnke place to day. Some changes in military and volunteer circles are about to take place here. Captain Scratchley, R.E., returns to England by the outgoing mail steamer : and it is understood that Major Dickson, the officer in charge of the Royal Artillery in the colony, will take the vacant lieutenant-colonelship of the Volunteer Artillery Regiment, that post being rendered vacant by the departure of Captain Scratchley. The post of colonial military storekeeper also becomes vacant from the same cause, and this, it appears, will be taken by Major Hall of the volunteer staff, together with the post of barrack-master, now held by Major Pitt, who will henceforth de- vote himself exclusively to volunteer affairs. The recent discoveries of tho Majorca and Sebastian gold-fields, and the success which rewarded tile enterprising few first upon the new fields, have drawn considerable numbers to both places ; and, from the latest accounts, It would seem that tho piOBpeetc, both at Majorca and Sebastian, are good. There is no reason to doubt that they are good and substantial fields. One of the first acts of the piesent Minister of Lands on entering upon the dutieB of his office waa to order a Govern- ment survey to be made in connexion with the latter held, with the viow of defining what id public and what private land. Conbiderablo anxiety has been occasioned here as to the fata of the Lord Raglan, a large ship belonging to the White Star Jine, which has been long over-due. She is now out 149 days, hnvlng sailed on the 25th of February, and nothing has been heard of lier Rince the 23rd of March, when she was spoken by a homeward-bound ship in lat. 2deg. N., lung. 22deg. W. Sho had a large number of pas Eengers on board. \- A letter has recently been received by Com- ? mander J. H. Kay, R.N., from tho Admirait}-, acknowledging the receipt of a draft for £350, tho first instalment of our subscription in aid of the widows and orphans of those who perished at the wreck of the ill-fated Orpheus. The Madras, with the English May mails on board, reached the bayon the night of Monday the 13th. The engines became dis- abled on the run from Galle, and she had to Bail 1,000 miles under canvas alone. Under these circumstances her run was a rapid one, and on leaving the bay for Sjdney she mado a very fast passage to that port, accomplishing tho distance in forty-seven hours. We have had unsettled and rather violent weather for some time past along our coasts. Losses have occurred at sea, and some damage was, done even to vessels riding in the bay or lying alongside the piers. Our winter has, however, been on the whole a very fine one, and we have promise of an early spi ing. The Bombay, with the outgoing mail for England and the East, sails on Sunday. THE WAR IN NEW ZEALAND. 1 The newslreceived from the Noitbern Island of Now Zealand during the month has been of a very grave character, and, indeed, taught us to expect still graver consequences. The war-for less it can scarcely he called when comparing the attitude taken by the natives, and their known numbers and resources-has assumed an aspect which threatens incalculable evils to the cause of colonization in the entire'island, and tho powers of the Queen's troops stationed in i the colony will be tasked to their utmost. News uo"to the 14th inst. tells that the tactics of General Cameron, by which all the troops ex- cept a garrison were withdrawn from Tara- naki, have immensely encouraged the natives; that 600 of the warlike Waikatos have taken the field; that oven Auckland was threatened ; and that tho rebel Maories had captured an English schooner, hoisted VViremu Kingi's colours, and, in bravado, sailed up and down before Government-house. A few days' later intelligence corroborates all this, and "informs us that preparations are being mado on all sides for a mosteamest campaign. From this it is evident that our New Zealand difficulties have done little more than begin. The colo- nists, however, appear to have entire confi- dence in General Cameron, and hid well known Bpir.it and ability certainly justify their hope that in his hands the re-establish ment of Bri tish supremacy is scarcely a matter of doubt. To bo more in order, wo will briefly resume tho narrativo forwarded last month. Our English readers havo already heard of the massacre of Lieutenant Tragett, Dr. Hope, and six soldiers on the 4th May, and of the terrible revenge exacted on the 4th Juno, by Lient.-General Cameron and his troops at the Katikara valley. From Now Plymouth we have since learnt that, up to June l8, nothing of importance had occuned since the 4th Juno, except that on the 11th of that month, Hapuronii, the fight- ing chief of VViremu Kingi's tribe, who ever BIIICO January, 1802, has been in receipt of £100 a year from the Government, for keeping possession of the redoubt at Waitara, 6ent a formal challenge to the Governor, the General, Mr. Bell, and Mr. Parris, threatening that if they did not como out and fight him in the light of the Bun (t. e., without ambush), he would march in from Mataitawa to the Bell Block, driving all before him. Colonel Warro of course took precautionary moaanres to keep the country open in thiB neighbourhood, but at that timo nothing more was heard, save of an attempt by some Tara nakl natives to smuggle in six kegs of pow- der, and the appearance before Sir George Grey of a bare-legged native, who pretended to bring a message from King Potatau II., justifying the Taranaki murders, and who was told ho would find himself in gaol if he remained an hour in the placo. On July 1, it was announced at Now Plymouth that the natives were out in force, storming the Oakaru redoubt. This was true ; and though there wore oniy 100 mon in garrison, the Maories were driven away with grape. It appeared that the withdrawal of General Cameron from Taranaki to Manukau. and more par- ticularly from the Tatara block, where they had been dismantling stores, had excited them to this manouvre, wEich they executed with the accompaniments of war-dances and shouts of triumph, but not a fow suffered from the fire of the garrison. The next DCWB we received was per Lord Ashley steamer, from Auckland, and it.Informed us that alf Kingia men had declared for war, and that reinforcements from the Wanganui tribes had proceeded to Tataraimaka. Their movements wero of an advanced character. The Maories finding the troops withdrawn from the Oakura redoubt, carno out in force from a new pah at Kaitakake, re- cently erected in a strong position, and com- manding a view of the movements of troops from Tataraimaka to New Plymouth. On hearing of this, a detachment of the 57th, 100 in number, commanded by Lieut.-Colonel Logan, and a reserve of mounted mon, with four Armstrong gune, commanded by Captain Mercer, proceeded to the scene. The country was properly skirmished, and the guns got into position, wbcu the uro opened after tho tange had been accurately ascertained by a salvo of shells, at 2,000 yards. The practice was ex- cellent, and tho natives were soon running from their pah and whares to positions of safety. This lasted for about an hour, forty rounds having been fired, at from 1,800 to 2,200 yards, every abell telling. The natives hod then taken up a higher and better position, whloh it was deemed worse than useless to attempt to storm, so the soldiers rotired, burning the fern, tho natives erecting answering fires on distant spurs foi miles. . Our next news was received per Prince Alfred steamer, bringing dates up to the 14th inst. from Nelson, and tho 11th from Tara- naki. Unfortunately, no Aucklaud papéis came from that source, but Captain Wheeler was informed that the Maories had seized q British schooner, whiob, with the Kingi flag at tho peak, they had sailed up and down in front of Government House, appa- rently in bravado. By the Nelson Colonist, we learn that the Waikatos had risen to the number of 5,000, which occasioned great ex- citement, and the Eclipso warBteamor rapidly embarked 850Boldiers at Now Plymouth, and steamed , off with them at once to Auok .land ; ono hundred horses, a number of the Mounted Artillery Corps, and a number of Armstrong guns, soon following in the same direction. The master of the Bonnie Lass reported that ho heard the Bound of shell firing from largo guns inland in the direction of Tataraimaka, but of< this wo have as, yet ¡no explanation. The Taranaki Herald of tho .Uth July Btfttes that th.9. withdrawal °? &e; troops from Tataraimaka has excited tbo Wanganui natives wonderfully, and they boast that they will drive tho pakehas into the nea ; their spirits being further raised by lying reports that the Oakura redoubt is sur- rounded, and that the troops near it havo heoa drivon ¿^ay, leaving large stores of arms and ammunition in the bands of the natives. The story of the firing off Tataraimaka has been corroborated by a messenger who arrived at Wanganut from the l.ist-montioncd placo with tidings of an expected fight. An old woman contrived to escape tho pickets, and get to Palonga Kingi's pah, atKaitake. within telligence that it was to be attacked the next morning. A forcé of 800 Maoric3, in- cluding picked men from Ngatiruanui and Waitotaro, was at .once collected, and as the messenger while on bia way heard heavy firing, thore can be but little doubt an action has already commenced. It was reported also that tho native position at Paiaka Mahoe, Bi'ormed by Lieutenant-Colonel Logan, has been re-\iccupicd by 700 Maories, who have erected redoubts to command the locality, and, more over, deeply trenched it around. As far as could be learned, the Maori mind throughout the island was stirred in on unwonted degree. Native prophets have arisen, telling long winded tales, and promising all sorts of future Bucceases, the natives avowing that their pre- dictions havo hitherto been wonderfully ac- complished. It is worth montion, that wo are told that no natives were killed when the Kaitake pah was attacked by Lieutenant Colonel Logan anti Captain Mercer, und the Armstrong guns. Tho effect of the gana was, however, declared to be-astounding. Our very latest news- comes per telegraph from Auckland t>i" _fighting . had not yet occurred, ana tho Waikatos were busy entrenching themselves. Volunteers wero on duty at Auckland, the available troops were ordered to the front, and the Governor has issued directions re- quiring tho Maories to lay down their arras, and swear allegiance. Everything betokened an energetic prosecution of hostilities. It is to be regretted that a disgraceful mili- tary outrage has occurred at Welliugton. A soldier having suffered in a drunken brawl with some civilians, his comrades determined to aveDge him, and on the Oth inst. a number of them collected together, and broke the windows of a number of obnoxiouB houses and hotels, war-whooping and shouting all the time. A good deal of property was de- stroyed, aud many pereons wero injured by the stones and bludgeons used by the mob. Major Ryan, who knew that something of the kind was to take place, is Beverely cen- sured for not preventing it. THE NEW ELEOTORAL LAW. The bill " to amend the law relating to tho uallfications and registration of electors of members to servo in Parliament, and to regu- late proceedings at Parliamentary elections," received the assent of His Excellency the Governor on tho 30th ultimo. The measure does not como into operation until the first of November ; or rather it will not affect any Parliamentary elections which may take place before that time. Ia the I event of a dissolution of Parliament within | the next two months, tho elections will bá held in the same manner as hitherto-the nominations will be public, and the electoral rolla used will bo those now in force.. But from and after the 31st October all elections will take place on the rolls to bo created under the new net, and to secure appearance on t li oso rolls the electors must comply with the pio visions as to registration before the clo3o of the present month. The act divides the electoral body-so far as elections for tho Legislativo Assembly are concerned-into two classes, ratepayeis and non-ratepayers. Every person not a rate- payer can have bia name inserted on the elec- toral roll only by taking out an " elector's right"-a document which declares him en- titled to vote, and sets forth the nature of his qualification. Tho qualification may be re- sidential or non-residential, The former applies to manhood suffrage ; the latter to property of the clear annual value of £5 on which the owner does not raeside. To obtain an elector's right every qualified person must present himselt at tho offico of the dis-' trict registrar, and there answer certain pre- scribed questions, aud sign his name first in the elector's right, next in tho counterfoil, and, thirdly, in a book to be kept for the pur- pose. Ho will also have to pay a fee of Is. The elector's riqht will then be issued. It will be in forco for three years, but, in case of removal of residence, can be exchanged by the holder for a " transferred elector's right." From tho butts of the electors' rights the registrar will have to multo out, by the 1st of August, a general list of the electors. The list will become public property, will bo subject to objection, and will be re- vised by the Court of Petty Sessions, after which it will be reprinted in order to be placed in the hands of returning officers not later than the 12th October. Supplementary lists will be made up by the district registrar on the 1st November, the 1st February, and the 1st of March respectively ; but as each of theso, owing to the provisions as to revision, does not como to the returning officer for three months, it necessarily follows that any elector who fails to enrol himself before the closo of the present month will bo disfranchised for the quarter extending from tho 1st November to the 1st March next. Every ratepayer will be saved the necessity of taking out au elector's right for the Legis- lative Assembly, inasmuch as tbo act provides that every municipal, road district, or shire roll of ratepayers shall form the basis of ono section of the electoral roll. Ou the other baud, all persons entitled to vote in the election of members of the Legislative Coun- cil-the body which is supposed to represent the property of the coun try-will bo compelled to obtain electors' rights. It will thus bo Eeen that the act transfers fiom the stnte to the individual the cost and trouble of registration. The other important featuro of the measure isthat relating to the election proceedings. Every candidate must he nominated in writing by at least ten electors, and - must make a deposit of £60 if the election be for the Legislativo Assembly, and £100 if it be for tim Legislativo Council. This money will ho devoted bv- the returning officer to the payment of tho necessary expenses, and the surplus, if any, will be divided among those of the candidates who obtain a certain num- ber of votes. Tho effect of tho provision will no doubt bo to extinguish tho sham candi- date. One section of the act (the 114th) provides that forthwith after the declaration of the result of an election the returning officer al.nl! "Tn«o nil tl," ""tiT.-"-. *- 1- ' shall " cause all the voting-papers to bo ar- ranged for convenient reference, as nearly as may be in the order of tho numbers shown thereon, and Bhull cause thom to be deli- vered to the clerk of tho peace of tho Court of General Sessions for the district, to bo by him kept with and In liko manner in all respects OB therecoids of his office." This section, it ia said, destroys the secrecy of tho ballot, and members of Parliament have been blamed for allowing it to pass sub silentio. Tho new Ministry have intimated their intention of introducing^ bill to repeal the provision. In all probability the present practice of making tho clcrkB of Parliament the custo- dians' of the ballot- papers will be adhered to. The provisions of the act as to bribory, treating, and intimidation are of a very strin- gent character. Here is anothor clause which was allowed to pass without tee slightest dis- cussion ; "OXXXI.-Any person who shaU mako any wager, hot, or other risk, of any naturo whatsoever, upon the result of any election for members of tho Council or Assembly Bhall forfeit and pay a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds; and every such wager, bot> or other risk shall bo and is hereby declared au illegal act." Tho legißtrars appointed by the Govern- ment are busily encoged in attending to the provisions relating to registration. Soveral of thom havo intimated their intention of keeping open tholr offices, not simply from nine a.m. to four p m., aB required by their instructions, but from nine a m, until late at nightv It is expected, however, that tho time allowed for registration will bo extended as soon as Parliament meets. THE ACCLIMATISATION SOCIETY. The Acclimatisation Society of Victoria has now been upwards of two years in the possession of Royal Park, and during that period it has made important progress both in carrying out its objects and in rendering the domain granted to it fit for its pur- poses. The Royal Park is a fine reserve of more than 500 acres, situated on the Sydney road, within two miles of Melbourne. Well grassed, sufficiently timbered, and presenting an undulating surface, the only objection which can be taken to the site is, that its elevation renders, it somewhat bleak. The animals located there seem, however, to do exceedingly well, and probably a more suitable spot could not be found in the neigh- bourhood of the city. The society, to whose public spirit and enterprise it is unnecessary to allude, has alreadv expended between £3,000 and £4,000 in the improvement of the domain. First outlays on works of this character can seldom be made to produce any striking results, but it is evident, from the accommodation provided at the park, and from the condition of the grounds, that the funds, liberally contributed, have been economically and judiciously expended. There is no place about Melbourne now where there is more to be seen and more to be learned than at the Acclimatisation Society's grounds. The whole of the park is under the control of the society, but its operations are prin- cipally carried on in an enclosed reserve of fifty acres, situated in the middle of the domain. The improvements outside this spot consist of a number of paddocks, with shelter-sheds, to which the goats and llamas, which feed about the park in the day-time, are driven in the evening. The enclosed reserve is neatly laid out with walks, and is divided into a large number of compartments, so as to admit of a separation and classification of the animals on hand. The smaller birds, from the pheasant to the dove, occupy phea- santries-substantially constructed cages, of circular form, divided into compartments, and having a wooden house in the centre, which affords the captives shelter. Near these, the water-fowl have two or three ponds to disport themselves in, and a larger and handsomer sheet of water, with an island in the middle for the birds to breed upon, is being prepared for their use. The larger animals and birds, such as the Zebu bull, the Ceylon elks, and the ostriches, occupy paddocks, which, by radiating from a common centre, have their entrances close together. In enclosures around, deer goats, and alpacas are lodged ; there are a set of cages where monkeys, macaws, mongeese, and several zoological curiosi- ties are to be seen; and in an adjacent aviary, a large number of English birds - spar- rows, yellow-hammers, and finches-are kept, to recover from the effects of their long sea voyage previous to being liberated. The grounds about are, as we have said, neatly laid out, and a commencement has been made in the way of planting shrubs and trees to ornament them further. The staff employed in attending to the animals and in keeping the grounds, consists of the superintendent, Mr. Sprigg, for whom a con - venient residence is provided in the domain, and some half dozen attendants. The grounds are in excellent order, and the cleanliness and good condition of the animals speak of the careful and skilful attention they receive. The object to which attention is being principally directed at present at the park is the acclimatisation of the Angora goat, the llama, the alpaca, and the Cashmere goat. A valuable shipment of Angora goats has recently been received from the Société d'Acclimatation de France. They are very handsome animals, and their fine silky fleeces are not to be mistaken. Experi- ments are being made in crossing the Angora with the common goat, and the results already attained are most encouraging. Sufficient time has not elapsed, however, to permit of any positive conclusion being arrived at. An attempt is also being made to secure a cross between the pure alpacas, obtained from the Sydney Government (a part of Mr. Ledger's flock), and the llamas the society possesses, and there seems every reason to believe that the effort will be a success. One cross-bred of the kind is now to be seen, and it is a hand- some animal. The Cashmere goats, which were landed in a diseased state, are still in a very bad condition, and an opinion upon the prospect of breeding them with success here cannot yet be expressed. The other animals named seem well suited to the colony, and the society may be congratulated upon having established them in it. Although there is much to be noted, the ex- tent of the society's operations is not to be judged of from a visit to the Royal Park. At the Botanical- gardens, singing birds are being acclimatised at the old zoological reserve; fish are being propagated at Port Philip Island, where quietness and security can be obtained ; game fowl are breeding, and hives of Ligurian bees are doing well about the city; while good accounts are continually being received of the increase and the healthy progress of the animals and birds liberated. What the society is doing, and what it has done, are best shown by the following list, which represents the state of affairs on the 1st of July :- LIST OF ANIMALS NOW IN THE ROYAL PARK AND BO- TANICAL GARDENS, MELBOURNE, AND AT PHILIP ISLAND, WESTERN PORT. 16 Camels, at Wimmera 43 Llama alpacas 2 Pure alpaca bucks 26 Fallow deer 5 Ceylon elk 2 Axis deer 9 Hog deer 2 Manilla deer 6 Brahmin cows 1 Zebu bull 2 Chinese buffaloes 25 Cashmere goats 18 Angora goats 24 Half-bred do. 75 Common goats, to breed with Angora 32 Chinese sheep 10 Aden sheep 1 Bengal sheep 1 Broad-tailed sheep 4 English hares 2 St. Bernard dogs 6 Kangaroos 6 Brush kangaroos 4 Wallaby 1 Wallaby, Fllnders Island 4 Native bears 4 Opossums 6 Monkeys 2 Mongeese 1 Agouti 2 Madagascar tortoises 4 Indian porcupines 2 Lizards 2 Moorukes 8 Curassows 4t Ceylon wild peafowl 4 English peafowl 5 Golden pheasants 6 Silver pheasants 15 English pheasants 8 Grey Indian partridges 1 Black Indian partridge 8 Californian quail 2 Madagascar quail 4 English plovers 16 Algerine sand grouse 12 White swans 4 Canadian geese 8 Egyptian geese 22 Chinese geese 4 Gape Barren geese 2 White-fronted geese 46 English wild ducks 2 Mandarin ducks 2 Bahama ducks 2 Carolina ducks 13 Call ducks 9 Shell ducks 6 Aylesbury ducks 2 Mountain ducks 18 Muscovy ducks 4 Wood ducks 1 Macaw 12 Fancy pigeons 2 Crested pigeons 4 Wood pigeons 17 Turtle doves 7 Grey Indian doves 9 Green Indian doves 3 Manilla doves 2 Brazil doves 9 Emeus 5 Native companions 10 Black swans 2 Malleo hens 1 Native bustard 3 Curlews 2 Eagle hawks 2 Small hawks 2 White hawks 1 Owl 2 Pelicans 2 Laughing Jackasses 3 Moreporks 45 Magpies 1 Cockatoo 2 Native plovers 14 Native quail 2 Indian game fowls 2 Creve-cœur fowls 2 Houdin fowls 2 Padua fowls 2 Gascon fowls 18 Bantams 20 Common fowls 5 Blackirds 2 Cardinal birds 3 Thrushes 2 Chinese thrushes 2 Skylarks 18 Ortolans 14 Starlings 120 English sparrows 30 Chinese sparrows 15 Yellowhammers 20 Goldfinches 40 Chaffinches 25 Greenfinches 7 Chinese finches 6 Indian finches 6 Rockhampton finches, 3 Brazilian finches 12 Linnets 3 English robins 16 Canaries 20 Java sparrows 9 Hives Ligurian bees 7 Carp 5 Dace 1 Loach 100 Goldfish ANIMALS LIBERATED AT THE BOTANICAL GARDENS 35- Java sparrows 4 English robins 8 Turtle doves 50 Mino birds 18 Canaries 18 Blackbirds 24 Thrushes 6 California quail 60 English wild ducks AT PHILLIP ISLAND. 5 Pheasants 4 Thrushes 6 Skylarks 4 Blackbirds 6 California quail 1 Pair white swans. AT SANDSTONE AND CHURCHILL ISLANDS. 4 Pheasants 4 Skylarks 4 Thrushes AT YARRA BEND 6 Thrushes 4 Skylarks NEAR SYDNEY 9 Thrushes 4 Skylarks 10 Blackbirds AT SUGARLOAF HILL 5 Ceylon elk 8 Axis deer AT WILSON'S PROMONTORY 4 Axis deer ANIMALS SENT AWAY TO LONDON. 10 Black swans 20 Australian quail 14 Eagle hawks 54 Magpies 4 Rosella parrots 6 King parrots 6 Cockatoos 1 Ding0 3? Talegallas 26 Waterhens 4 Kangaroo rats 9 Wombats 2 Cranes 2 Wood ducks 2 Kangaroo dogs 4 Echidna 20 Laughing Jackasses 40 Shell parrots 36 Lowry parrots 2 Opossums 7 Wonga pigeons 22 Bronze-wing pigeons 2 Wild ducks 3 Swamp magpies 2 Land tails 4 Sugar squirrels 3 Coots Some Yarra fish. TO PARIS. 8 Emeus 8 Murray turtles 4 Kangaroos 2 Wombats 4 Black swans 5 Australian quail 3 Cape Barren geese 4 Laughing jackasses 1 South Australian wombat 2 Bronze-wing pigeons 4 Goatsuckers 4 Native geese 2 Native companions 3 Curlews 14 Rockhampton finches 1 Native crane 1 Iguana. TO ST. PETERSBURG. 2 Kangaroos 2 Wallabies 3 Black Swans 3 Emeus. 2 Laughing jackasses. TO AMSTERDAM. 3 Water hens 6 Australian quail. TO ROTTERDAM 2 Cape Barren geese 2 Water hens. TO HAMBURG. 2 Wonga pigeons 2 Bronze-wing pigeons 2 Black swans 2 Kangaroo rats. TO COLOGNE. 2 Black swans 2 Curlews 3 Black geese 2 Water hens. TO COPENHAGEN. 2 Black swans. TO CALCUTTA. 12 Black swans 6 Kangaroos 8 Emeus 4 Opossums 2 Eagles 1 Wombat 6 White cockatoos 2 Bronze-wlng pigeons 7 King parrots 2 Laughing jackasses 5 Rosella parrots 20 Shell parrots. TO MAURITIUS. 2 Black swans 9 Fowls 1 Kangaroo 2 Magpies 2 Eaglehawks 2 Laughing jackasses. TO JAVA. 2 Black swans 1 Kangaroo. 2 Cape Barren geese TO BURTENZONG. 2 Black swans 1 Kangaroo. 2 Cape Barren geese TO SYDNEY. 2 Angora goats 10 Blackbirds 2 Brush kangaroos 10 Thrushes 1 Silver pheasant 2 Canadian geese 6 English wild ducks 1 Mallee hen 4 Larks 4 Starlings 2 Ortolans 2 Sparrows. TO ADELAIDE. 1 Angora goat 3 English pheasants 2? Blackbirds 2 Silver pheasants. 2? Thrushes TO HOBART TOWN, 1 Angora goat 9 Native bears. TO NEW ZEALAND. 3 Thrushes 4 Opossums. (Magpies AGRICULTURE. Ever since last year's crops were off tho gronnd, the weather has been most favourable for agricultural operations of all kinds, and the winter is passing over without any interruption to the field-work. The laul was fit oarly for the plough, and at no perlol since have the teams been obliged to stau i idle for moro than a day or two at a timo. The rains have been heavy, too, but, falling at intervals, the soil has never become very wet> and the seed has all been harrowed in undor tho best possible circumstances. Thus ths young crops are forward and Btróng-tha bett Becurity we can have for next* harvest i being good. Snow has fallen in f the in- terior, and rather heavily in places^ but the weather has been mostly mild, and ovou wann for the season, as a proof of which wa may mention-that patches of barley almost ripe aio now to be seen in different placos, although the winter is only half over.' TJnle33, however, some Budden change take place, wo shall soon have all the indications of spring about us, and an early summer must b3 looked for. Many of tho sheep ownors ara already making preparations for shearing, and there is a fear in some quartern of a tenrcity of men skilled in this work, as the number of such has been lather diminishing of late years, while the number of sheep is no tv increasing fast again. This is a matter of no little consequence, as it is only "by early shearing that burrs and grass seeds oin. be avoided, and the prevalence of these in our wools is beginning to be much complained of by the buyers at home. Fe a men can shear even passably well without the practice of two or three seasons, and every facility should therefore ba given to learners, if the time of shearing is not to be most in- juriously protracted year after year. Under the present system of paying by the hundred, learners have little chance, and few men per- severe sufficiently long to be able to take their placo os skilled hands ; but the subject is one of growing importance each year, especially now that sheep are being substituted for cattle on so many runs. Tho scab is still far too prevalent among our flocks ; and, not- withstanding the severe act now in force, was very lately taken to the Lower Murray country hy a flock driven across from tho Devil's Uiver. The appearance of this diseasa lix a district so long free from it caused no little alarm : and the fact of a diseased flock having reached its destination from such a distance, proves much careleEsness, both o a tho part of owners and inspectors, with aa act fn force specially intended to seouro ths owners of clean sheep from any such risk. The owners of cattle as yet free from pleuro pneumonia are becoming rather anxious for some measure to render inoculation com- pulsory, but this is not likely to bo in- troduced for some time, if at all, ovo a though this is plainly the only way in whioh \- tho - disease can ho checked. Testimony on this point 1B now forthcoming from so many persons who speak solely from ex- perience, and without any reference to th.3 theory of the subject, that doubts can bo no longer entertained ; still, through carelessness on the part of some and absolute ignóranos on the part of others, Comparatively few owners of cither large or small herds arj " availing themselves of the only means of prevention, and. tho disenso is spreading rapidly. Of the cattlo for sale in the market yards, one day lately when the veterinary sur- geon who acts as commissioner was calle 1 upon to inspect them, a third wero deolarol to he infected, and very much of 'tho boaf now offered for sale in the second and third roto butchers' shops is of a dull leaden colour, quite unpleasant to look at, and manifestly more or less unwholesome to eat. The tim 3 for tho spring shows is coming round again, and iu a gicatcr number of districts thai before the prizes for cattle will most pro hably bo withheld, avowedly on the score of danger to valuable animals from infection ia travelling to and from the yards. The pros- pects of a good show at Melbourno aro nob voiy bright just now, as the pecuniaiy diffi- culties of the Port Phillp Farmers' Society haï c increased, and no mean&of; escape from \- these are apparent. This is a stato of thing-) not very creditable to the farmers of the metropolitan distriot, who though os a olasJ not so prosperous as thoy were, could yet, wita very littlo inconvenience to themselves, afford a sufficient amount of support to this society to enablo it to keep the position it has at- tained to by liberal management over a num- ber of years, and ono in which they should b3 proud to seo it. But tho number of contribu- tors towards the funds, especially among the farmers, is small, and tho share of tbo grant in aid from the public funds has bcou de- creasing from year to year, so the leading socioty of the colony is in a very cripplo I condition juBt now. The Board of Agrioul- ' turo has at lougth got rid of its great difficulty, the Experimental Farm, for a while, a tenant having been accepted for a period of seven years, on termB whioh oblige him to devoto hut a very small portion of the land to experimental purposes. The new tenant is just the person to mako the most of new seeds and plants from other countries, so the farm may still be of much use to the public in one way, if not ia another. t \- i THE GOLD-FIELDS. . After a few weeks marked in a more than ordinary degree hy actual and rumourod dis- coveries of greater or less importance the miners are now more settled again, and, oven though all the rushes havo not been successful, jet on the whole there havo been no incon- siderable additions made to the area availablo for operations throughout the remainder of the winter. Tho new field in tho Bendigo district turns out, so far as has y et been proved, to be of less extent than was hoped at first, but several reefs have been opened in ths neighbourhood, and tho lead or ran of gold' though short in its course, is tolerably rich' It was unfortunate that this was found on private property, for the interference of the owner and the demand of a high roto of paymont for permission to work on it, drove many miners away, and prevontcd others from joining in the rush wh j might havo helped much, under different cir- cumstances, to prospect a little explored and apparently rich part of the district. However, tho placo got a bad name, and as there wero other attractions at the time, it was Boon left to tho few who had profitable work in hand, and a thorough exploration of the Whins tick tract of countiy has been ngain deferred. B/ far the best of the fields lately opened is thit at Majorca, whero a largo number of poopla are now employed, and many of those in goo i claims aro making from £10 to £20 a week per man-no bad remuneration, as times go, oven for the somewhat hard work and life of a digger at a now rush. Some few ard doubtless getting more, but tho deposits at this placo are vary Irregular, so the returns vary widely. As compared with this, in regard to extent and general importance, nono of tho other spots token up within the last few wcokB aro worthy of special mention, but nomo aro answering well for more limited numbers. One place ia thoArarat district, now onabling threo or four hundred men to earn from a pound a wcok to It pound a day oaoh.at the comparatively easy work of surfacing, is remarkable for tha obsoncoof the usual indications of gold, and ?would probably have remained untried but fOT the indefatigable perseverance of tho Chinese, who often seek for gold, aud find' it too, in ground which Ëuropeao.9 ?will not stop to drive a pick Into. At landsborough, tho site of tho laBt largo nub, previous to tho discovery of tho Majoro» diggings, and almost deserted for'these and ! others opened about tho same time, thero hal been a temporary revival of prosperity, ia consequence of the leads there being found.to extend much farther than was supposed when the cry of " worked out " was first raised- i cry too readily attended to when the restleäi spirit of the miner is aroused by the rumour of new discoveries near or faraway. Of thou last, in an absolutely freBh and unmined part of tho country, we have none to report, but two men who have been some time prospect- ing near Belvoir, in the Ovens district, and quito awoy from any of tho present workings, are' said to havo struck on what appeared to bo a rich lead of gold, their shaft falling in, however, before they had time to test it. Amongst the Gipps Land miners the« havo beon no changes of any consequenos for some time, and this is not the season for exploration in the ranges. The rivers on that side have been heavily flooded again, and thero wero floods in other districts too, bnt tbo rains were partial, and in soma plaoeï -as, for instance, at Majorca-the minera were complaining of a scarcity of water whoa the rains had scarcely ceased falling else- where In the way of quartz-mining, nothing un- usual has occurred, tho general yield being well maintained, with about the average number of exceptionally good returns. Tha best yields are now obtained from the reefs in the mountainous tract about the Upper Goul- burn, by tho use of such machinery as the miners havo been able with great diflioulty to get over the ranges; but particulars of theso seldom reach us. The reefs oa the Gipps Land sido aro to all appearance fully as rich, but no crushing mill ha3 yet commenced operations amongst them, al- though Btoam-driven stampers will soon ha at work. None of the late returns from tho Inglewood reefs have been exceedingly large; but one lot of 140 tons, from a claim on Max- well's, produced 352oz, and before that a lot of 130 tons produced 259oz., making a total 2,472oz., obtained from 1,699 tonp, out of the ene claim on this satneieef, and raised within ,,a- period of nineteen months. From the next claim but one to this. 4,035oz. were ob- tained in twenty-two months, from 2,215 tons of stone. The next best in regard to yield is the March Beef, and ono lot of 105 toni from a claim on this, and lately ciushod, Yielded 170oz. 6dwt. The vein of quarts rom which this lot of Btone was taken is sixteen feet wide at a depth of 140 feet, and the claim has paid the owners £16 each week per man, during the last six months. This is agocd steady return for a con ti nun nee, but much moro is occasionally obtained for a shorter time from veins of loss extent, as, for instance, four men raised 82 tons in toa weeks from Blucber's Beef, «ear Talbot, whioh, on being crushed a fow days since, yielded them 303oz. lOdwt. The antimony reefs ia the M'lvor district seem to bo Fcircely ia such high favour as they wore at ona time, but scmo of tho claims on these are still paying largely, the yield of gold beiug often an ounce and a-half to the ton, and as a sum pi.; of the sort of ttouo to be ob taina i from (ho other reefs we may point to one Iii of tMiteen tons whioh produced 182oz. Ia the Bendigo district, Johnson's aud Hustler's rei-ffi havo been lately giving the highest yields, one lot of about forty tons fro a the former producing a cake of amil giimated gold weighing OOO.iz., and foir wctkly crushingB for tho Hustler's Raaf Company giving the following returns, namely, 253oz. 3dwt. from seventy tons of stone, 851oz. 8dwt. from ninety seven tons, 263(ÍZ. 6divt. from ninety-one tons, and 382 )z. ádwt. fromseventy tons, lu the Castlemaine -.. ., *. ..u.iAoufU.ivjr "vus, ila mu UHblieutiaillU district, the largo yields havo not been nume- rous, the Vineyard Reef still affording ti ic best of these. Thus twen ty-nine tons from one claim on this produced 191oz, thirty-two tons from the same claim eighty ounces, while som s leis from other claims averaged an ounco aad a half and nearly two ounces to tho ton. After having been able to raiso nothing but poor et ono from their ground for a long time, the Ajax Company aro moro fortunate again, 103 tons producing them 287oz. the week bofora loBt. A verv fine cake of amalgamated gold, weighing 721oz. ISdwt,, was brought to town this week from Castlemaine, the produce of ninety tons of Btono out Of one of the tunnel claims at Daylesford. Now and again we^ie reminded ot the existence much nearer town of reefs which may be favourably coiu paicd with any of the foregoing as to quality, but not unfortunately OB to quantity of stone, 'to be roised from them. Very high yield* fioni tho reefs at the Caledonia Diggings bato been announced from time to time, and a lot of five tons from one of theso last woek produced ninety-six ounces, besides a number ot picked specimens, which would have brought the yield to over nn average of taveuty ounces to the ton. The last lot of nine tons from the same reef produced 128oz. "Willi the exception of the Great lîxtendei Company, at Ballarat, which hasTiroken into rich ground again, and was able to pay £93 p<;i sbure for the lost fortnight, the dividend] dickred by the different companies ha va bein but moderate. Por the fortnight befora that, the Great Extended Company paid £23 per Bharo, the NelBon Company paying £30 per share for one fortnight, the dividends of the Albion. COB mo p:-li Um, Koh-i-NVior, and Priuco ol Wales Companies ranging betwosn £10 and £20 for the same space of time during the last month. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. Tho leturns of the Immigration Hoard ara 1 ublifihcd for the month of Juno for all potts of tho colony. The arrivals numbeied4,G62 pt rtons, of whom 4,659 landed at Melbourne, 1 ht Geelong, and 2 at Port Albert. The do 1 orturcs numbered 1,038, of whom 1,032 sailed ire m Melbourne, and 6 from Geelong. Theuet increaso by the balauco of arrivals over de pai tures was 3,024. Tho ages and sexes ni ty be thus classified : Arrived, 2,571 adult maleïi 1,491 adult females, 304 male and 297 female children. Departed, 973 adult males, 385 adult females, 104 malo and 404'female children,' Tho colonial intermigration was tolerably evenly balanced. Between tho United Klüg- ele m and Victoria tho balanco was 2,067 ia favour of the colony. The following is a digest of the table just issued : - li la! i I n Ntw South Wales .. South Australia Now Zealand 268 140 282 728 S71 J 23 70 707 23 163 170 2007 03 8170 162 3024, 113 "Üb Totals nolghbouringoolo nlos . united Kingdom* Foreign ports .. 1804 3230 '02 1340 200 20 162 Deduct de« oaeo .. ., 4-08 10S8 163S 152 Not Increaso 8024 In the following table the arrivals and de- partures are given monthly for the first half of the year, compared with those of tho corre Spondlug period of 1862 ; 1862. 180Ï. """"" Arrived. Do parted. Arrived. De- parted. January February Mareil April May Jans 4,020 2,884 4,087 8,180 2,060 2,010 5,440 3,200 »,113 . 2,860 2,040 1,027 2,705 ï,000 2,660 4,007 2,202 4,002 5,00» 6,7« 4,01« 2,123 2,700 1,038 , Totals .. 20,843 18,507 10,246 22,003 It will bo seen from this tablo that thora was a balance in favour of the colony of 1,746 during the earlier period, and a balance against tho colony during the later of 2,848. Both half-yoars wero influenced by the same dis- turbing causo, a " rush" to New Zealand dar- ing the earlier months, which died out as tin winter season advanced, Tho total sum voted in 18C2 for immigra- tion baa now been disposed of. It was in all £120,700, £120,000 having been appropriated dirc'ctly for immigration purposes, and tb.3 £700 forming a separate allowance, for con voyanco to out- ports and such like exponaos. The general distributionof tho voto was as fol- lows :-£05,000 for the asslstanco of irami-1 grants named by persons in this colony who upon paying a certain sum of monoy obtain I pnssnpo warrants for these whom thoy are de- sirous to cot to this country, £40,000 for tho introduction of single females, £ö,000 for tho , introduction of persons skilled in tho manu- ! facture, &c;, of wine and oil, and the pre- servation of fruit, £3.000 for Bindiar immi- grants to bo nominated in the colony, and £7,000 for tho paymont of gratultios ta ! surgeons, offlcors of ships, &c.; This has been disposed of as follows :-Tho £65,030 has been entirely spent, and the re ? suit is, that 8,321 souls havo boon sent for, passage-warrants having boon issnoá for that number, towards which tho persona so Bonding have subscribed in deposits a sum of no less than £44,040, £27,677 of which waa Îiaid in Melbourno, and tho remaining £10,409 n tho country. In order to show of what i «ort of pcoplo theso assisted Jmjalgrauta »ra cc'mpoBed, we will just call our readers' atten- tion to a few figures. .Daring the past threa months the following have boen sent for: Married Singlo Chil- To'-i' > adults. pcrsoie. dren. , ' English sr. F. M. 1 v. M. P. M. F, April .. 41 All 7 IO 28 25 76 Hi May 41 B« 12 01 44 4(1 07 iii Juno .. ' .. 88 .60 7 10| 28 27 7S 01 Scotch April .. '.. Hi 82 5 6 20 311 51 7J May 14 1« 4 0 10 KI 2: It Juno 17 lu 6 8 10 12 8 ¡)> Irish ' ' 1 ' April .. Ot IOC 40 67 10 24 l61 mi May Ot w; 45 60 SO 411 IB: io Juno 100 l18 80 Í11 80 27 ita 101 TOTALS FOU TUB TEAR. Errrlish .. Scotch .. Iiish .. Singlo portons T«ni». -i. 659 108 413,2069 1110 572 ¡roi So much for the £65,000. The £40,093, £5,000, and £3,000 are all sent home, and beins ppent, whilo the £7,000 for gratuities is gra- dually being absorbed. With the nppropria tionsunder the Lana Act nothing has actually been dono at present, though active prepara- tions are being made for deposing of it. OUR BAIIAVAYS. We continuo below our returns, showing thî prient traffic on our "Victorian linea'of rail, ways. The returns do not include the Mel- bourno and Essendon Railway ; but this line, in comparison with tho others, is of minor importance : GOVEBNMENT LlNES. BAXLABAT UNE. Month. Passengers. | Goods. , Total. £ B. d.l & B. d. £ B. d. January 10,000 17 0 0 822 0 IO 17,821 17 10 February 10,817 13 li! 7,117 15 7 17,035 0 a March.. 8,877 13 2,7,176 IO 0 10,053 0 8 April .. ,10,361 7 1 8,824 15 0 18,070 2 10 May .. .8,054" 8 ll«,63t l8 0 14,035 4 10 Jurjo ,. 1 7,005 0 1| 7,423 i 0 15,833 4 7 MtmilAY. BIVEB LINE. Month. Passengers Goods. ' Total. January Tobruary March'.. .. April'.. May Juno ..' £ s. d. 12,071 0 S 10,201 13 0 0,700 2 t 10,685 10 « 8,648 0 1 0,004 8 11 £ s. d. 5,503 17 0 7,610 1 1 10,760 IS 0 10,303 li 2 0,200 16 8 0,034 IO 3 £ a. d. 18,270 0 2 17,777 12 10 20,459 10 5 20,01» 7 8 17,855 1 7 10,020 s a WILLIAMSTOWN HUB. Month. Fafsengors. Goods. Total. £ u. d. £ s. d. '£, s. -d January ' .. 005 1 10 1,057 11 3 1,002 13 1 February 712 17 7 2,006 13 0 2,710 11 1 March.. 608 l8 8 1,248 i 0 1,012 2 3 April .. 737 0 8 2,183 13 7 2,870 10 10 May .. 701 7 4 1,551 0 0 2,252 17 1 Juno .. 034 10 1 2,100 0 4 2,774 5 5 PRIVATE COMPANIES. MEI.B0ÜBNB AHB HOBSON'S BAT BAILWAV. Month. Rcoipts. £ a. d. 0,877 0 i 0,102 10 S 0,145 14 0 0 700 0 8 May.t .. .. 4,867 10 li June.I 6,701 10 8 THE MELBOUElJE KAILWAY. Receipts. January . February . March. April. May. '.. Juno. BRIGHTON BAILWAT, Month. £ s. ' 8,201 7 2,078 7 2,801 ia 3,025 14 li 3,160 IO 2 3,325 5 "" January l'tbruary Match.. .April .. May ., Juno ., llcoeipte. £ B. d. 1,100 l8 891 l8 O 833 O O 1,078 11 a 774 7 IO !09 17 1 THE HOMO-GORILLA CONTROVERSY.' The question of whether man belongs to tho monkey tribo of creation or not, which excited considerable discussion at*the last meeting of the British Association, promises to be as great a source of controversy at the Antipodes as it is in England. Within tua lost few "days, it haB formed a most lively topic of dispute amongst our mon of science, philosophers, and tho public generally. The problem does not seem nearer a solution than it ever was, and we regret to state that the discussion has been commenced in a way which is not calculated, to advance the in- terests of scientific inquiiy. The subject was first prominently brought under public notice by a lecture delivered 'a week ago at the Melbourne University by Dr. Halford, tho recently appointed Professor of Anatomy at that institution. The audience comprised the Chancellor of the University (Sir Redmond B»rrv), the Vice-Ohancellor (Dr. Brownles8), Sir Francis Murphy, and about fifty other gentlemen. The leclure wa3 entitled " The Terminal Divisions of tho Li mb3 of Man and Monkey ;" and it was evidently intended mainly as a reilly to Piofessor Huxley's woik on The Evidence as to Man's Plaee on Earth. In the course of the extraots which he made from this book, Profe-sir Halford quoted those portions in which the author points out the similarity betwoon the termination of a gorilla's hind limb and tho foot of a man. Professor Huxley remarks that a man's foot and the termination of tho hind limb of a gorilla both poscess a short flexor and a short extensor muscio of tha digits, and also the muscle termed poronxus longus, and upon this anatomical similarity the learned professor bases au opinion that the termination cf the hind limb of a gorilla is a true foot, differing from that of man, " not In any fundamental character, but in mere proportions, in the degree of mobility, ,and in the secondary arrangemontof its parts " Dr. Halford admitted that tho terminal divi- sion of amonkoy'shind limb hndashort flexor, a short extensor, and a peronxus longus ; bat ho charged Professor Huxley with having either wilfully or ignorantly concealed the fact " that the terminal divisions of the monkey's hind limb do not possess several of tho important characteristics of ti» human foot, especially the transversalis pedis, the muscle which ties the great toe to tha other digits of the foot. Ia another portioa of his lecture, Dr.'Halford exclaimed-" Gen- tlemen, if any among yon entered this theatre, dreaming that you had any descent trom creatures like these (pointing to a group of stuffed apes), banish tho curse! nightmare from your minds at once. Awake, or be for ever lost. There can have been no gradual development from apes to man. Pro- fessor Huxley says wo are certainly not of them, whether wo are from them is theproblem. I say we aro notlof them nor from them. We are different to these brutes, to whom no- thing has been revealed, and from whom no- thing is expected. I say (producing a por- trait of Shakspcare), let us seek our relation- ship with beingB of a higher order. ' What a piece of work is man ! How noble in reason I How infinite in faculties ! In form and moving how express and admirable. Ia action."how Uko an angel! In apprehension, how like a god I The Tjeauty of tho world! The paragon of animals!'" This pieoe of claptrap in contrasting a bust of Shakspcare with a dead monkey, and quoting Hamlet's soliloquy on man, was not exactly discussing; a great scientific question with the simple do sire of arriving at tho truth; and Professor Halford was guilty of a still greater breach of good taste when, at the conclusion of his lec- ture, ho emphatically declared that Huxley's book " might havo beon written by a devil." ' Unfortunately, Professor nalford's ebulli- tion of temper did not subside at tho close of the lecture, out a day or two afterwards, la connexion with tho same subject, he con* , ducted himself in a manner »till moro ra prehonsiblc. A general invitation having been given to persons interested to visit Dr. Halford's residence, and inspect a monkey which had been made the Bubject of ana- tomical dissection by Dr. Halford, thras medical gentlemen, amongst others, avallo 1 Ikumsehes of tho invitation. In tho coursa of conversation, the professor,'in an angry tono, charged ono of tbo party, Mr. W. Thomson, with being tho author of a lottcr published in The Argus, signod " Opifer," charging Dr. Halford with having given garbled extracts fromProfoBSor Huxley's work, and with having unfairly alleged that Huxley bad concealed tbo fact that tha transversales pedis is not found in the hind limbrof tha monkey. Mr. Thomson mado no direct reply to tho charge, simply saying, '" I merely wish to examine this point, without get iîiig into any dispute," whereupon1 Dr. Halford waxed exceedingly wroth, declared that the letter wasactionable.shook his fisfcinMr.Thora Eon's faco, and threatened to knock him down, and kick him out, unless ho immediately left the houso. Mr. Thomson, with a 8olf-posse3sioa which BeemH somewhat remarkable, imme- diately loft Dr. Halford's house, but the irati professor followed him to the door, and, brandishing a scalpel and forceps, roared out. "Ill knock you down, sir. You'io a d- J vagabond, sir. You'll bear again from ma, sir." Tliis account ÍB given on the authority of a letter, written by Mr, Thomson, and of another narrative of what occurred, whioh has been published in the Medical andSurgicil JR(vieu>. THE THEATRES, &c.; The present season at tho Theatre Hoy ¿I has boen the most successful of the dramatlo Bensons held here, tho prices of admission being moderate, and tho entertainment of superior quality. Mr. Barry Sullivan has buen, especially well received in Hamlet for twelve nights, and as Sir Giles Overreach for foic nights. Mr. Sullivan's next character hera willie Don Cassar do Bazan, in whioh ha attracted favourable notice a few years ago ia England. " The Merry Wives of Windsor" has been played for eight nights during tin last month, and drawn good houses, tho prin- cipal characters being distributed as follows: -Mrs. Page, Mrs. Robt. Heir ; Darno Quickly, MTS. A. Phillips ; Mrs. Ford, Miss Rosa Duna; Sir John Falstaff, Mr. Lambeit; Mr, Ford, Mr. It. Heir ; Justice Shallow, Mr. Harwood ¡ Master Slender, Mr. 0. Young; Dr. Oahu, Mr. Hope; Sir Hugh Evans, Mr. Andrews. iMr. Lambert's Falstaff was highly humoroui ! and rich, the merry wives were well repre- ; sented, and altogether the comedy weat so well as to run alternately with Hamlet fee- | vived with considerable attention to details, and at some expense for new dresses, &c;), and Mr. Barry Sullivan's other personations. At the Haymarket, à local translator cssayo I a now version of "le Bossu," which appearol i under tho title of " Tho Duke's Motto," and | was played for four or five nights to th'ia houses, and was then withdrawn, to muk» j room for the sensation drama of "The Djal Heart," which, howovor, had only a sickly [ exibtence. The pieces at present running a!» j I the Haymarket are Buckatono's drama, I " Isabolle, or Woman's Life," and the well- | known burlesque of "Fortunio." " Birch's Holiday Trip," at the Polytechnls Institute, has already become a highly popu- lar entertainment, and is BO full of merit that a prosperous career is Its sure destiny. Thoa-J ?who believe that nothing less-than a new " st nsation " can exoite their jaded intorest, will most probably be surprised to Und thaï they can spend an excessively amusing even- ing in Mr. Birch's society without onco bein? thulled with any exaggerated emotion what ev< r. This gentleman possesses not a little of that happy power of extracting amusoinent from all sorts of subjects which tho lata Albert Smith possessed in such exuberance, and without his visitors exactly appreolatins i the means, BO fills their minds with vivid Í pictures of society and scenery, and their ears with songs, that the only drawback ii felt to be the termination of the entertaln | mont. VOLUNTEER RIFLE SHOOTING!. , The attention of our riflemen-all of whom I aro volunteers also-is just now mainly di- rected to the forthcoming intercolonial matcb. which is to take place in New South Wale? jinthocourso of a month or two. It will b3 i tho second of the series, the first having come j off last autumn at tho Sandridge Batts, wheo, the mon of New South Wales beat our own ten by sixty-four points. The plan adopte I by the' Victorian Rifle Association t) select the champion ten was to take tha best average scorers in a serieß of preliminary matches, and it is being again resorted to now. At tho intercolonial match, the com- petitors will Are ten rounds each, at seven ranges, viz., 200, 300, 500. 600, 700, 800, anl 900 yards, and at these trials only five rounds are fired, while each candidate must attend five trials out of seven. There has been hardly so much enthusiasm shown in the matter as last year., a fact which may variously be accounted for, the principal causo boiug, no doubt, the fear that all the pains In tho world will not suffice to enable some competitors to arrive anywhere near the pitch ot,excel- lence attained by the crack shots.. Thus, in lieu of sixty-four entries last year, wo have at present only thirty-seven, but still there ,is ample reason to expect an improvement in the shooting. Tho first trial took place on Saturday lost, and the best twelve scorers Name. Company. M'Olaro .. M'Naughtort Kelson Sorg. Douglas Corp. Scott Serg. Templeton.. Colo.. Johnstone.. Kidd Berg. Lacey Strg. Trythall Sorg. Grimwood Carlton St. Kilda St. Kilda .. Carlton North Melbourne. Colllnga-ood Emorald-hl'l Bmora'd-hlll North Holbourao.. Prahran and South Yarra. Hast Collingwood.. Royal Volunteer Artlllory. Other trials have yet to take place, and wo may probably find those whoso score cama below the above earning a higher position. The trials among the up- countiy corps nava not yet commenced. During the month an interesting match betweon volunteer artillerymen has takan place, the competitors being confined to the UEO of their own weapon-tbo Whitworth breech-loading riflo carbine Tho prizes com- prised a £25 challenge cup, presented by Colonel Anderson ; a Swiss rifle, presented. by Mnjor A. K. Smith ; and £10, tho gift of the officers. The shooting for the challenge cup was five rounds at 200, 300, 400, and 000 yards, and it was won by Gunner Burrows, who mado forty-six points. Tha Swiss rifle was shot for in five rounds at 200, 300, and COO yards, and won by Gunner Grim- wood with thirty- four points. The third prize was shot for in five rounds at 400, 500, and 600 yards, and was won by Gunnor M'Bl vogue with thirty-six points. While upon a Bnbject kindred to that of our volunteers, it would be well to notice tho fact that, on Ballarat, an attempt has baen made to get up parades on Sunday, which was promptly checked hy the colonel-corn- ¡ mandant, who forbade all except church parades on that day. I RIVERINA. Of the political movements of our neigh- bours there aro few calculated to attract moro interest in this colony than that for separa I tlon set on foot by the inhabitants of that portion of New South AVnles which lies imme- diately to the' north of Victoria. This terri- tory has assumed tho name of Riverina, from its embracing that system of navigable streams comprising the Lachlan, the Darling, the Murrumbidgee, the Edward, and the Mnr loy, which water the far interior of this con iinent, and flow into the ocean at Goolwa, in South Australia. After tho establishment of this proposed inlond colony of 154,000 square miles, New South Wales would still bo nearly twice the sizo of Vlotorla, and loft in posses- sion of her entire seaboard. With Sydaey and tho eastern portion of New South Wales Ri- verina has only political relations, Inasmuch tis its productions pass into, and its supplies of agricultural ptoduoo, manufactured goods, and othor commodities are drawn mainly from Victoria, and partly from South Auä tralla. The consequence of this stato'of thing* is that, while the general population of Now South Wales aro almost indifferent to the suo CÉEB or failure of the movement, tbo population of this colony pay much attention to it. Wifi tho view of securing the trado of this larg i tract of country, which might otherwise BJ dlvorted to South Australia, wchavcextendel our principal railway to tho rnldst of it) southern frontier ; and whether sixty mlteä of that line will prove a paying speculation, oi even a self-Bupporting one, will, no doubt, in a gre ¡it measure depend upon tho incroais and prosperity of Riverina. So much is thU felt to bis tho case, that a comimtteo of our Legislative Assembly has had under con- sideration how far the Government of Vic- toria might aid in improving the navigatloa of these rivers, and in otherwise assisting in the development of the capabilities of the country. It is, however, understood that by annexation to this colony only, could our ?Government bo placed in a position to carry out such projects ; but the people of Riverina Erefer to rely on their own resources, and ave more faith ia self-government than ia our of promises of assistance. As a stop preliminary to an appeal to tho mother country, delegates, headed by Mr. Gideon Lang, who is the leador of the move- ment, have lately passed through Molbourno on their way to Sydney, for the pur- pose of presenting petitions containing a l statement of tholr grievances, and dotnandlug tocal government and, financial separation. similar to that ti03sessed by Port Phillp pre- vious to 1851. Failing to receive fall redress at Sydney, they purposo forthwith to press their caso on the consideration of the norna Government, fully persuaded that thoy eau mnko out an exceptional case, such as tin Duke of Newcastle, though generally opposed to such movements, may recognise. SPORTING, &o.; 37or the last few years, it has been tha fashion for Victoria to commence tho sprln; EeaBon by an intercolonial contest for tha championship of the Australian turf, to whioh all competitors were invited, and all who cama wero made welcome.. This year turf operations will commonco at Ballarat, where a Champion Sweepstakes, of lOO'sovs. each, with 1,000 sovs. added (throa miles), forms a prize well worth the winning. The rich stake has naturally attracted tha attention of our sporting neighbours in Na'v South Wales, who have already beaton us ognin and again, and several of their horsss havo accordingly arrived here somo weok-s tinco to prepare for the great event. Tha entries for the Champion moe were originally twenty in number, but now, reduced by th > secession of seven of the least likely, they ara only thirteen, as follows : Mr. Do Mestre's Archer, aged. Mr. Keighran's Mormon, aged. Mr. Tail's Talleyrand, aged, Mr. Harper'» Barwon, 1 yrs. Mr. Chooke's Zoe, aged. Mr. Dowllng's Camden, C yrs. Mr. Wilson's Ebor, 6 ya. Mr. Do Mestre's Haidee, 4 yrt. Mr. Waldock's Atbollng, 8 jrn. Mr. Fisher's Now Holland, 8 yrs. , Mr. Fisher's Wonga Woiljja, 3 yrs. Mr. Ileaty's Melbourno; 3 yrs. Mr. Watren's Benlcla Boy, 8 yrs. Almost all these are ia training in the Mel- bourno district, but Ballarat appears deter- mined to invite all tho good horses in the country to visit the " metropolitan gold-field'' this year, as, in addition to the Champion thousand, the three days' programme an- nounced for the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd of October next, gives away another thousand in prizeî for races at all distances, handicaps, and weight for age races to Suit all comers. ' The next important race meeting ia tha spring will be that of the Victoria Jockey Club, to be held on the Mornington Couräa in the latter end of October. The precisa days are not fixed at presont. At this meeting, in addition to the Derby an'' Oal« races, tha club give 300 sovs. to a mile and a half handi- cap stake, which has induced the following entry, comprising the best horses in tha country, and, taken altogether, very fairly put together:- ,' Mr. B, Do Weslro's h h Archor, agod, list/ Mr. P. J. Keighran's b h Mormon, aged, 9st. 7lb. Mr. J. Tatt/u ch g Talleyrand, aged, Ost. 41b. Mr. P. Dowllng's ch g Filero, O yrs, 8st. 121b. Mr. J. Wilson's b h Ebor, 6 } ra, 8st. 101b. Mr. E. Da Mestro's ch m Haidee, 4 yrs, 8it. 41b. Mr. J. Wllsoi.'s br t Musldor», 4 yrs, Sst. 41b. Mr, J. Taifs b h Alfred, 0 yrs, Sst. , Mr. S. Waldock's gr g Tory boy, 0 yrs, 7»t. 01b. Mr. J. Douglas's b g bhyloek, aged, 7at. 7lb. Mr. T. Waldock's b o Athollng;, 8 yrs, fist. 121b. Mr. J. Harper's b o Banker, 3 yrs, 6st. 121b, Mr. T. Henty'« b g Holbourne, 3 yra, 5 1.121b. Mr. II. Fisher's oh f Chrysolite, 5 yrs, fist. 01b. Mr. II. Fisher's br Í Nathalie, 8 yrs, 5st. 01b, In addition to these and other ovonts, th? Jockey Club have a two miles race for a G jl.l Cup, which has an excellent entry of gool horses. In November, the Victoria Turf Club will take up the running, and the great feature of their meeting -will be the two miles racoforttn Melbourne Cup, in which the following horses have accepted at tho weights annexed: Mr. P. J. Keighran's b li Mormon, aged, lOst. 41b. Mr. J. Tait's oh g Talleyrand, aged, lOst, 41b, Mr, J. T. Ryan's ch g Traveller, 5 yrs. Oat. 711). Mr. James Wilson's b li Ebor, fi yrs, Ost. Mr. J. Harper's b o Bartron, 4 yrf, Ost. Mr. Dowlinc's b h Camden. 6VN ful 10th Mr. Bowling's b li Camden, S yrs, 8it. 101b. Mr. Dowling'« ch pt Falcon, O yrs, 8st. 81b. Mr. J. Tait'« b h Alfred, O yrs, 8st. 61b. Mr. James Wilson's br i lUisidor», 4 yrs, 8st. 61b. Mr, W. Lang's br h Saturn, 5 yrs, 8at. 41b. Mr. G. Watson's br Í Regina 4 yrs, 7Bt. 01b. Mr. J. Morrison's b ¡r ShllMali, agod, 7et. 71b. Mr. S. Waldock's gr g Toryboy, 6 yrs, 7st. Mr. W. Lang's b r Amma, 3 yra, Oat. 01b. Mr. T. Waldock's b o Athollng, 3 j'rs, 5st 121b. Mr. H. Fisher's b o New Holland, 3 yra, Gat. 01b. Mr. II. Fisher's br f Nathalie, 8 yra.Sst. 01b. Mr. II. JfLsher's <,h f Rosa ot Donrnark, 8 yra, 5st. 01b. Mr. J. Harper's b c Banker, 3 yrs, 5st. 41b, At this meeting, there will also ba a raoa well worth winning (the Ascot Vale Stakes), for the two-year-olds, and a number of other good things, which will be announced in duj course. Steeplcchasing, also, has lately had a revival, through the successful doings over tho Kil- more country, and on Thursday, the 1st of August, there will bo a fine cross-country rae j, with a good field of horses, now in active pre- paration for the principal event. A gran. I day of steeplechasing on the Flemingtoa coursa is also more than talked of, and tvill shortly be announced, with some new condi- tions oucouraqing to the ownerB of steady, stout, lasting hunting stock, that eau carry V eight. ' > Tho present fine open season has been mo3i favourable to tho training of our race'horses, especially the young stock, and it may be ex- pected that the thoroughbreds at the earlier meetings will show more condition than is usually seen on FJemiugton course in tho early months of thoBpring. It will be seen by this slight glance at the spring prospects of the turf, with tho above named events before the horses of the colony, tho animals enumerated in the foregoing as being in strong work being only the horse3 trained in and about Melbourno.'that there is Httlefear of our racing in the first fowmonths before us falling short of the expectations of the most sanguine amongst the lovers of the turf. _ COMMERCIAL. The Peninsular and Oriental Steam. Naviga- tion Company's steamship Bombay will sall at two p.m. on Sunday, with the Australian mails for Europo and the EaBt. Tho Madras arrived on the 13th inst., and her mails, to tho 20th May, were landed early on tho morning of tho following day. The telegraphic date J were brought down to the 2nd Juno, Amon^ tho items of special importance was the an- nouncement that the Imperial Government were in treaty withthe Peninsular and Oriental Company for the establishment at once of a foitnightly mail service to and from Australia This is regarded as a step in the direction of that duo acknowledgement of tho positioh which the Australian continent has steadily and legitimately earned for itself in the last ton y oars, during which its population has so sud- denly increased and its trade centres have, ad- vanced from tbo condition of country towns t J tbatof firist- class cities, while tho sofhhas baan reclaimed and cultivated, and its natural resources havo beou in process oft develop- ment. Although sorao hesitation exlst3 arnon; mercantile houses about giving expression to tho sentiment which generally prevails ia favour of a mall Borvice twice a month, it can bo Btated without fear of contradiction that public feeling is strongly in favour of rapid and frequent intercommunication botweea "tho mother country and the Australian colo- nies. - ' ' Tho month which has passed since the de- parture of tho last mail has not bcon a very active one in monetary and business circles. The revenue tables for the year and quarter ending the 30th Juno havo bfen published in the Gazelle. The revenue from all bources for Hie year ending on that day amounted tj £3005,009 8s. 10d., against £.¿,709,247 7s. 21. for the corresponding year ending Juno 33, 1802, the b ilanco being in favour of the latee period by the sum of £230,802 Is. 8d. Tin rea. onuo for tho quarter amounted to £600,318 4s 2d , against £763,206 8s. 3d., showing a net deeiease of £146,888 2s. Id. ior the seoonl quarter of tho current year. Taking the returns for the yoars, wo find a falling off in the Customs revenue of (omitting fractions) £19,257. There was a decrease in spirits of £46,818; beer, £5011; tobaco>, £10,081 ; cigars, £0826 ; tea, £11,150; sugir, £801, coíleo, £1,0.22: and an increaso in wini, £1,392 ; opium, £2,858 ; rice, £14,672; drlal fruits, £11,874; hops, £3 815; malt, £0,081; Sheepwash tobacco, £3,071; registration foes, £18 306 In tho excise there WAS nn increaso of £9,130, composed of ths following items : - Spirits distilled m Victoria, £3,317 :, publi- cans' licences, £915 : Epirit merchants licences'. £3041 ; auctioneers' licences, £¿,193; brewers' lie1 nces, £78. Under tho head of, territorial wo find an increase in the purchase ana rent of lands selected in 1863 of £49014, and selected In previous years, £15,011 ; in the proceeds of sales of lane! by auc- tion of £124,339; pastoral occupation, £303; fees of loa=cB, licences, &c;, £6.630 ¡ proceed* of sales of Crown lands, £70,649 ; and a da crease in the following items .-Pastoral oc- cupation, rent of lands, and other licence, £120,264; export duty on gold, £64,48J; miners' rights, £3.952; business licences, £3,012; leasts of auriferous lands, £4,316. Ia tho income derived from pnblio works the« was an increaso on railways of £212,799, and in electric telegraph lines of £1,203; and a decrease in wattr rates of £40.000. This latter is owing to the fact, that in tho former porloi a lirgo Bconmulation of arrrars ,bad beoa brought into the Treasury account for thu ' year from its predecessor, In ports and hat- ' hours thero was a trilling increase, amount- ing to £227. In the Post-office there was an incroaso in the revenno of £5,160. Under tin lead, "fcea and fines of court," and that of " miscellaneous," there aro no items calilas for special notice. I In tho comparison of the revenues for th.? quarter there are several items of intorest. ïho falling-off in tho land revenue nmountel to no less a sum than £193,896. The steady decreoao in the consumption, of importna spirits is very markedly conveyed hy th.3 I figures in the table given below. In the das- j toms department thero was a declino of ¿9,184. The items of increase were- wlno, £460; beer, £4,341; cigars, £114: opium, £18; , rice, £2,606 ; dried fruits, £1,042 ; hops, £767 ; malt, £1,016 ; sheepwash tobacco. £921 ; registration fees, £3,491. The items of ] deorease were-spirits, £10,692 ; tobacco, £863 ; tea, £8,272¡sugar,£8,800: coffee,£166. Under the head of excise tho items are nearly ba- lanced. In the territorial revenue the falling off is made up of the following items:-Pro- ceeds of the sale of Crown lands, £182,838 ; pastoral occupation, rent of lands, new runs, and other licences, £85,814 ; export duty on gold, £11,237; miners'rights, £2,890; buslnow licences, £870 ; leases of auriferous lands, £917. In the income from railways there is an In- crease of £51,408. In the following table the revenues for tha years and the quarters are given side by j sida:- i Quarter ending. Yoar ending. IlBABB OF 80th 80th % 80th 80th RETENUS. June, Juno, Juno, Jane, 1802. 1803. 1802. 1863. I.-Cuarosis. £ £ , £, £ Import Duties On Spirits 142,217 131,624 652,806 600,617 Wine . 10,066 11,116 42,168 43,659 Boor , 0,101 18,412 56,588 61,677 Tabaco? 80,418 20,014 120,644 116,402 Olgars 2,106 2,280 10,186 0,85» Toa ., 30,131 21,8 a8 105,003 04,452 Sugar 31,831 27,441 130,047 130,143 Coffco 8,812 8,685 14,809 13,275 Opium Rico .. fl,S77 0,306 10,408 22,353 4,007 0,614 4,022 18,501 Drlod fruits.. 8,078 4,110 8,046 16,819 Hops.. Malt . 1,043 1,810 1,466 6,281 1,439 2,456 2,070 8,143 Sheepwash to- 1 bacco 168 1,070 227 3,899 Registration lees 8,066 7,446 8,210 26,513 Total Customs.. 270,018 270,784 1086272 1060,015 II.-KXCIBB. Spirits distilled in . Victoria 042 1,780 8,001 6,819 Puhllcans' licences 28,826 27,500 54,826 66,270 Spirit morchants' do. 1,880 074 11,037 14,723 Auctioneers' do... 260 400 2,281 4,475 Brewers' do. 84 90 801 009 AU other licences. 067 687 11,896 10,889 Total oxciso .. 81,820 81,433 83,622 02,652 III.-TERRI- \- "" TORIAL. Furchaso - monoy and rent of lands solectcd in 186S. - 23,517 _, 40,011 Bent or lands se- lected in 1802and provious years.. Sale of land by - .7,635 15,01t auction - 55,007 M 121,339 Pastoral occupa- tion, including now runs 804 393 Fees ot leases, li- cences, and s- lr voy and Buudi ri sion of nina .. 8,116 5,033 Proceeds of sale of Crown lands ,. 182,888 - 517,766 024,801 Pastoral occupa-^ patton Kent of lands .. V 86,818 - 205,270 115,02! NCH- runs and 1 otlior licorices J Export duty on ?oom .»»io »io nm gold .. " .. Minors' rights .. Business licences. 39,060 28,718 218,224 163,74? 10,301 7,411 34,082 80,781 2,032 2,662 18,747 10,135 Leases of aurifer- ous lands 1,088 1,070 8,102 3,847 Total territorial 323,320 120,4331087848 103135 TV.-INCOME FKOM PIIIIUO Wonits. Ballway Income.. 67,265 108,004 106,227 40S.O2S Water-rates 60,000 10,000 Eicctrio telegraph. 0,474 0,697 24,203 25,657 Total income from public works 03,720 115,262 280,621 443,531 V. - PORTS AND ïïAïuiotTns. Tonnage .. 2,018 4,201 10,070 19,4(5 Filotago (at out ports) .. 31 30 73 131 Total ports and harbours 2,040 4,801 10,140 10,570 VI.-POSTAOS.. 20,830 29,750 110,147 115,303 VII.-FKKS. 01 Supreme Court 0,103 5,487 24,309 21,355 Oonoral Sessions & County Courts . 1,821 1,206 6,382 4,70 t Courts of Hines .. \- 200 150 s;: 553 Courts Of Potty Sessions 2,455 2,574 10,638 10,242 All other foes 4,174 2,820 10,226 14,035 Total foes 14,251 12,328 67,307 51,291 Till.-FlKES AND Fons-EiToriKS. Of Supreme Coin', 221 270 7Í1 77« Oonoral Sessions li County Courts . 16 0 40 63 Courts of Fctt¡r Sessions 005 1,340 , o»lti 5,183 AUothor fines and 1 forfeitures 701 .168 2,010 8,335 Total fines and forfeitures .. 1,000 1,798 8,823 9,841 IX-MlBCELLANB ona. Bents, oxclusl ve of .lund 501 E80 2,460 1,99» Government prin- , ter 1,238 1,689 5,027 0,501 Labour of pri soñera '1,630 GOO 3,703 3,501 Storage of gun 1 powder Solo of Govorn 874 203 > 1,100 1,003 mont proporty 004 ,49a ! 2,182 4,342 Ohuicso passenger rates 870 40 1,500 1,05) All other rocolpts 1,23d 7,678 30,481 26,781 Total miscolla 1 1100U8 6,04 11,21 47,59 44,203 , Total rovenuo. 763,20 000,31 > 000,31 3 2 76024 3 005 009 2769 21T Net decrease On the quarter 140,88! i ' _ -« Net increase ' On the year . 236,382 SrEOiAr, FONDS, , , Folleo reward furn 1 ¡1,10 J 1,88 2 6,18 4,825 Fonal establish . ment fund ' - 6 < 7 17 TOIIB fund 10,05 2 11,05 2 93,10 S 59,239 Trust fund 6,03 3 7,30 1 26,51 t 02,140 Folleo hospita 1 fund ,17 5 26 9 C4 1 983 Tho following is a statement of the transac- tions during tho quarter ending 80th June : Tinonee, 1802 je manco, 1862 Itccolpts : , Revenue. , Itepayments, So, to credit ol expenditure .. ?Exponâituro : Under votos and appropriations Rotunds and tranBtora from rovonuo. .Finance, 1808- t Rocoipts : , Rovcnue,. i Repayments, ¿¡o, to credit or ' expenditure ., .. 1 Expondituro: i Under votes and appropriations < Rotunds and traiisfors from revenue . 140,063 8,820 145,920 878 600,687 Advances .. ? .. ' .. ' Purchases for general Issue .. Pollco clothing lund Colonial agents general Customs overtime Offlcora' . Goods.'. Extra lockers' salarlos Othor Qovommonts ,. ' Hollway construction account .. Purchoso of tlio Goolong and Blot houmo Railway .., , .. Ropalr of the Goolong and Mol liourno Railway. Soworago and Wator Supply-crodl tor account.'. . Tho contracting; hanks- ) Their affonts in London .. j The railway loan account 'Ilio railway loan agents . .. Silo railway loan agents Interest account .. ., Pollco roward fund. Pollco hospital fund .. . i. ' Ponai establishment fund ..< i Trust fund . Assurance fund , .. .. Iniinlirration dopojita. Tollsfund .. ,. '.. Sale of ammunition .. . '.. .' . Pension fund-«chodulo D, part 6 .. Samens» J iDobtoraccount., »uspenso ...(oredltor account 0,113 1,275 G07.191 ' 2,857 52,231 1,215 12,771 1,218 11 277 , 009 231,627 21,222 13,308 7,910 805 209,107 218,718 695 818 uTlB8 ' V 8,774 ~S76 210,410 .291 910195 27.73Î 1,702 81,051 l63 ¿3,037 6,000 229.27J 212,012 203,107 1,S32 259 ' I S 7,351 12» 10,107 11,052 J 88 "~2}1 710 1699000 1129879 1079222 2699201 2 009 "Ol Tho go'd fields "havo yielded an avcra«*. fully up lo that.of the previous months of ff» year. Wire have not been any alterations ia lates ruling for the precious meta], the banka Inylng at (he rate of £3 16s. 8d per oX for Btandnrd. For allmlel. gold the price? fiand as follows :-Omeo, upper Tarra Shada, .Cieds. SB 11s. 9d. to £3 13s. 9d ;'lamil. ron, Big River, and Dandenong, £8 14, W. to £3 16s. Gd.; Oustlemaïne, Beï tiigo, and Mountain Greek, £3 17B 9d tn £3 18s. ; Crooked River, Borrgy Creek, Cale coma, and Anderson's Creek, £3 18s 9dV "fW30^"- DunoUy, Avoca, and IIMW £8 18s. 9d. to £3 19s. : Creswick and Browne £8 38s. 8rf. to £4 ; Ballarat and Oven? £4 h" 10 £4 Is, Od. The export duty on gold is U Cd. per ounce. *? In tho following table, the quantities of gold brought into Melbourne weekly by tha TÄ£° £Tn separately for the various FOjd-fields, tor three months ending ta. 4609 2075 I860 2760 il 1072 Tho following is a list of tho gold' ships which have sailed from Melbourne since the 1st1 of April, with tho quantities and tha destinations stated separately : Dato / - of / Ship. Salllnjs. j Destination. Ounce«. March 2 Balclutha .. Sydnoy .. 5,0» " 14 Dover Castle London .. ? 27,067 " 21 Edmund Graham.. London .. 18,871 " 20 Northam .. Point do Gallo .. . 41,63a " 28S\viftsuro .. Loudon ., 13,201 April 4 Moravian .. London .. 60,832 "' Cltnngatlra.. Sydroy .. li " 15 Lincolnshire London .. 10,805 "' 22Glendower.. .. London .. 7,768 "' SBBehnr Point do Galle.. . 03,461 May 2 Great Britain Liveri ool 03,727 ". OLady Melvillo .. London .. 1 IO "' 11 Bavaria Hong Kong .. , 0,102 " 1 14 Lady Ann ., Hong Koug .. v 8,42i "- 28 Kent London .. ' 02,73a "1 20 Madras Point do Gallo.. i 48,572 Juno 9 Anglesey .. London ,. ,. , 30,28! "' 20 Northam .. Point do Galle.. ' 60,67s ,, f, 27 Roxburgh Castle.. July 0 Wave df Lifo .. London .. 1 43,50. > 40,49= London .. " 1 lO.Cllï of Holbourne Sydmy .. 2? 182,7$ ", rlo'Wellefloy .. London .. The shipments of gold made durirjg tha last-week amounted to 32,810oz,, of »which quantity .20,606oz. wero tiaushipmcnts front New Zealand. The total shipments since tho commencement of the year amount to l,029,178oz., of which quantity 8G8,3i8oz. wera tho produco of Victorian gold-ficlde, and 160,S30oz. of New Zealand. The shipments during tho corresponding week of tho pre- vious year amounted to l,002oz, bringing the total np to the corresponding date of lost year to l,14u',773oz., of which 19Q,868oz. wero tran- shipments from New Zealand. , There is no change to notice in tho quoted rates cf exchange. Tho banka issue dmfts on England at thirty days', 2 per cent. ; sixty days', 1* per cent. ; and ninety days', H pet cent, premium.' Tho hanks tay thirty and sixty days' drafts at J per cent, premium ; and ninety days' at par. The rate charged hy the Peninsular and Oriental Compnny for tha tiansmisBion of gold and bullion from Mel hoviine to the Bank of England is li po'rcent., including insurance. The hanking institu- tions having agencies in India charge, for ihiity days' exohango on Bombay, Calcutta,, and Madras, 2s. Id. per rupee; Hong'Kong and Singapore".^. 10a. per dollar; Mauritius, 4B. 2d. per dollar; Ceylon, 3J per cent, pre- mium. The hanks charge 7 ptr cent, dis- count for two-months' billa, 8 per cent, for thrco-months', 'and 9 per cent, for four monthb'. Interest is allowed on timo deposita at the following rates ¡-For deposits at thirty days' notice, norn JJ to 2 per cent, per an- num ; at three months' notice, from 2 to 2i 1 cr cent. ; at six months' notice, from 4 to 4¿ percent. i , , ' , Four of tho hanks carrying on business ia the colony havo published their quarterly nvuage statements; in accordance with tha Act of Council, dth Viet., No. 13. These re- turns are subjoined:- , . . I Bunk of Victoria.-Theliabilitiesaie stated at-Notes in circulation, not bearing in- terest, £282299; bills in circulation, not hearing intorest, £14,476 IB.; balance duo to other banks, £40,466 5?. Cd, : deposits, not Lcating interest, £684,002 9s. lid. ; deposits, tearing interest, £tG8.639 12s. Total amount of liabilities, £1,CD0,472 8a. Cd. The assete ore thus given ¡-Coined gold and silver, and other coined metals, £321,090 Cs. 3d. ;, gold and silver in bullion or bars, £76,847 9s. 6d.; Government securities, £26,750 ; landed pro- ferir, £117,970 18s. Id. ; notes and bills of ether banks, £17,003 ICa. 7d.¡ balances duo from otter bnnlcn £f!R7n4'1 from other banks, £08,704'19s. 2d. ; amount of ail^debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock andfnnded debts of every description, excepting potes, bills, and balances duo to the Bait! bank from ether banks. £1,614,068 6s. 2d, Total amount of assets, £2,140,42614s. 8d. The capital ac- count, which embraces the entire capital ac- count of all tho blanches and agencies, stands thus ¡-Amount of the capital stock paid up nt this date, £500,000; rate of tho last divl dcRd declared to the shareholders, ton per cent.: amount of the last dividend declared, .£26 000 ; amount of the reserved profits after declaring fuch dividond,"£95,000. Oriental Bank Corporation-Tho liabilities «restated at-Notes in circulation, not bear- ing interest, £188,417 4s. 7d.; bills in circula- tion, not bealing interest, £10,485 18s. Id. ; balances due to other banks, £375 4s. 2d. ; de- posits, not bearing interest, £192,004 03. Id,; deposits, bearing interest, £484,346 fis. 61. Total amount of liabilities, £821,178 7s. 61. The assets aro stated at-Coined gold ana silver, and other coined metals, £150,iw 9s. 9d. ; gold and silver, in bullion and barí, £89,882 Is. lid.; landed property, £40,000; r notes and bills of other banks, £10.30018s. W-; balances due from other banks. £4o,U» 38s. id.; amount of all debts due to the bant, including notes, hills of exchange, and au Block and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo » the, 6aid bank from other banks, £Waiï 4s. 9d. Total amount of assets, £1.037,211 32B. lid. Tbe capital account stands thus¿7 Amount of tho capital stock paid upai this date, £1,260,000; rate of the last dividend de- clared to the shareholders, ûvo per cent, envi dé nd and threo por cent, bonus, or at the rita of sixteen per cent, per annum ; amount ot the Inst dividend declared, £100,800; amount of the reserved profits after declaring suca dividend, £252,000. m, ,. .", ?National Bank of,AustralaBia.-Theliabili- ties are stated at-Notes in circulation, n« bearing interest, £88,679 18s. 6d. i bills in cir- culation, not bearing interest, £8,878 8s. w., balance duo to other bank?, £30,623 3s. 84-. deposits, not bearing interest. £173,122 19*. deposits, bearing interest, £223,079 IBs. w »fötal amount of liabilities, £618,884 7s. 9L »Tho asBets are thus given :-Coined gold aai ?liver, and other coined metals,£74,78018a. 8d.; «old and silvor in bullion or bars, £23,265 18J. 2d.; landed property, £22,218 15n. 9d.; not33 and bills of other banks, £15,200 12a. 7d. -r balances due from other banka, £18,542 183. id,; amount of all debts duo to the bank, including notes, hills of exchango, and all stock and .funded debts of every description, excepting notes, hills, and balances duo to tha FBid bank from other hanks. £616.570 17H. lid. Total amount of assots, £705,031 Is. 4d. The eapitol aocount stands thus ¡-Amount of the capital stock paid np at this date, £400,000: rats of tho last dividend declared to the share- holders, eight per cent. ; amount of the last dividend declared, £13,600; amount of thï reserved profits after declaring such dividend, £12,000. London Chartered Bank of Australia. The liabilities aro stated at-Notes in circula- tion, not bearing interest, £197,656 8a. 3d. ; ¿Ills in circulation, not bearing Interest, £2.423 7s. lid, ; balances due to other banki, £278 16s. 2d.; deposits, not bearing interest, £269,930 17B. 7d, ; deposits, bearing interest, £S08,GIO Is. 6d. Total amount of liabilities, £678,799 63. 6d. The assets aro stated at Coined gold and silver, and other coined metals, £130,596 17s. 2d. ; gold and silver ia bullion or bars, £15,664 3s. 3d. ; landed pro- perty, £64,710 ; notes and bills of other banka, £19,353 10a. lOd. ; balances duo from other laukB, £1,167 13s. 6d. : amount of all debts duo to the bank, including notes, bills of .ex- change, and all stock and funded debts of «very description, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said bank from other banks, £1.212,100 8g. 2d. Total amount of assets, £1,443,582 12s. lid. Tho capital ao- count stands thus:-Amount of the capital stock paid up at this date, £1,000.000 ; rate of the last dividond declared to tho share- holders, eight per cent. ; amount of the lajb dividend declared, £40,000 ; amount of tb» reserved profits at the time of declaring such, dividend, £114,526 16s. 2d. It is announced that the National Bank of Australasia is about to open au agenoy, under its own management, in London. Mr. Wright, at present manager of the branch at Ade- laide, will proceed to London, while Mr. B. II, Young, the accountant of the bank, will toko charge of the position vacated by Mr. Wright. Messrs. Baillie and Buttera report of the transactions in the stock and share market during the month : " Tho improvement noticed in our summary !yt lait sall boa boen well maintained during the succoodiar rsonth, iadoed, tho amount of business transacted h 11 been greater than during any corresponding period tal* jtur.Tbobuli of thotmi Bâclions has ueeniubankstock, debentures, and insuranco shurcs; at Bamotlmo mia* In; has had moro than tho a vor »go support, in on «quenco or Improved prospocts and payment or largo.* dividends in tho Ballarat companies, many ot which* »0 becoming favourites in our market, where, until recently, thoy « ore comparatively unknown ; and wa lavo no doubt ultimately the groator portion of Ballarat mining properly« ill bo reprosonted ia Mel- bourne. Tbo saitlearont of tho long-pending law sul'. between tho Groat Extended, Band ot Hopo, aal ethers, bus also given a considorablo,impetus to thii di» of investment ; but it 1B to bo regretted that tbo Intricacies of tho frontigo systona in operation on lallarat must always leavo room for litigation, which minoru, as a class, aro not particularly careful to avoi 1. Tho BobBOn's Bay Hillway called for tondara for » X20,0CO loan in placo of an equal amount falling du?, tbo time for receiving which has boon postpanoi. Tbo rato oßored Is six por cent., in placo of severn per «at. previously paid, "Debentures- Government Six Por Cents, om nenccd at £106}, and have boen freely sold a; all intermediate prhes up to £108} J closing buyers a'. £108 ; wbllo sellers at £109 aro only for small pire j 3 -these prices bolng exclusivo of aocruod lutoroat. A. lew Holbourne Corporation Six Per Cents, havo boo 1 .old at £102 and £1024. Tbeso bolng available fb r rd jalvtanco alwars command ready salo at fall rato,. Helbourno Rillway Eight Per Cents, continue ia fivour, eales at £102 and £1024 bolng roported. Thor.) aro now few of lhese"in tbo market at any price, tha nott of them having boon absorbed for permanent in Teitmont, and not likely to be often orttrod. Hol- bourne Gas Seven Por Cents, and Collingwood On light For Cents, havo net been on tho market. Bjt'ii lould find buyors otfull ratea. "Dinks.-Colonial have undergono somo fluctua- tion, caused by tbo negotiations for tho purcli no uf the Holbourne Hillway, in which tbo bank a-4 interested. Business has been dono a£from£7 up G> n 7s. Od., and again relapsed to £7 Gs., at which they close sellers. National havo boen well supported, an 1 freely dealt in at £4 16s. Od., £1 17s., and £4 17a. Oi. Beaicity of stock will probab.y cause a riso duriujj th j »it month. Now South Wales have not been J3j.lt In In our markot, bolng more particularly a S) dn*y stock than a Melbourne one. Buyers arooffering £50. yiclerla havo advanced from £38 to £40 during th > I »willi, and close firm. Sales at intermediate p. ioo*, ina at tho maximum fir ¡stock on the London Ra I risby; for sharos on tho colonial registry, b us lues > [ ii also pending at £10. "Rall» aya.-Molbourno and Hobron's Bay havo Im- proved in firmness nineo tho arrival of the Ma}' m ill from England, in consequence of tho Btock bocomln r better known, and consequently more marketable, a-, berne. Very fowshares havo changed hands, andholdan look foran advance Cloilng quotations, £4910s.; sailor i, £61. St. Kilda and Brighton atd Molbourno and Es- sendon remain unchanged An attempt has been raidi te make tho former insolvent, but without auccosa. "Insuranco.-Alliance havo change! bands ia con- siderable numbers at 10s, Os. Od., and 0s, 3d. To-d >y the demand has considerably improved, and most of tbo stock now ofTored would bo taken at about Di. Australasian moutain thoir snnromaov. both n.« n>. .,uD.m»i.9iau wuibbaui muir uupromacy, now as re- tards their markot valuo and progress In busiuess. He profits for the half J oar ending 80th June ar» atated at about £22,000, and a dlvldoud at the rato of forty per cent, per annum 1B oxpoetcd by a large so J tlon of tho shareholders, while it is stated on Kool authority that tho directors are prepared to recom- mend thirty per oent. As the former rate will only absorb £10,0J0, leaving £12,000 for resorve, wo do nil anticipate much opposition from the board, If the pro- prietary intlst upon tho larger rato. Bales have bojrt made at 47s., 47s. Od., 48s, and 483.01, with buyer i" at tho fatter, and onl) a few offered at 60s. Colonial havo not yet published their half-yearly statement, llares have chango! hands at 10s. Od. and 11s. ; durln ; the last few days the demand has considerably Im- proved, and higher prices are looked for. Tho annual ?nesting çf the Victoria Lifo and General Insuraacj Company was hold on the 20th Inst., whon the accoun-, i ptotonted showed a loss of £23,092 7s. 7d. for tho year. Of course no dividend «as declared. Sharo» are, If any- thing, easlor, although thonumberofferlnglslnconsider ablo. Victoria Firo and Marine remain etoady-£¿1 bujers, £20 sellors ; no tales reported. "Gas.-Ballarat have advanced from £0 16s. t> £f loyers, and business done at a ame rates; sellers »sk £7 2s. 6d. Bendigo have toen steady at £317a. fid- to- ft, with sales at the former. Castlemaine remain doll at £3 10s. ; no transactions reported. Collin? vrood aro firmly held for £010a., but como fortvarJ. mero plentifully at that rate than they wero at lowe prices ; buyers offer £0 7s. Od. Geelong havo changoi iai^s frooly at £3 17s. OJ., and buyors would no w concedo a slight adrar co ; no sellors under £4, Mel bourne Gas aro considerably lower than thoy wero «. uonth ago ; salts reached as high as £110s. f jr £> alares, and have sluce boera done at £410s. At th> half-yearly meeting, hold on the 22nd lnat., a dividen I at tho rate of eight per cont. per annum was doc!ar«d. Ten per oent. was gonorally expected, which to soma extent accounts for the fall. "Miscellaneous -Bendigo Waterworks hare boen ia lair demand at 20s,, only a fow to bo got occasionally at that figure. Victoria Kaolin, which we lately thought of striking from the list, havo been ia good demand at 6s. wo wero shown a sample of poroeiala today- manufactured from the company's clay by Messrs Hcynolds and Engllth, which will compoti favourably with any article el tho samo kind intro- duced to tho market. Wo have no doubt this fact will ultimately havo a material influonco on tho value of the company's stock. Victoria Coal aro dopressod, Uli a call of 7s, Od. nor sharo, and sellers can only realize at nomlnr-1 prices ; shares oro offorcd at 20s , taUo havo no doubt considerably undor that woali i bj liken. Molbourno and Neavoasllo Minmi Oolllory abarci havo been frcoly dealt in at fls,7s.0d., an! : lui premium ; at tho CIOBO thoro aro no declaro! leilira ; buyers at £3 10s. The forthcoming dividend impeded to at tho rato of o ver thirty per cent, po; annum. "Ballarat Mioing Companies.-Business hu bee"* wy brisk, with a good demand for mos'. of the prin- cipal mining stock. Extendod, Koli 1-Noor, Alston and Weirdalo, and Bonshaavs have all unproved ia Kite. Fur Band of Hope, £20 on ternis was offoro I for extended scrips; presort scrip, £31 oiTcrod. Ia th* appeal case of Kelson and Bed Jacket Companies tit > assessors found a verdi« lu favour of tho Itod Jacket, Jlth dunages £10,800 odd, leave being granted for t"-. > Nelson to moto for a now trial on cortaln legal point » nljed. Nothing of Importance ia any district miues. IbeUhidends declared on Saturday last wore-Great Ixttndod £00, Republic £12, and Prlnco of Wales £20. Tho Extended washed over 2,400oz. for tho fortnight ; Interests In this company have enhancod In value ; on» aqharo half realized £1,460 ex dlv. ; for half Bleeplrar shares £1,860 Is n-ked, with buyers £1,050 ; for tnli Wiking-eollcri £1,450, huyera £1,200. Tho Koh-i noor washed 330 ounces for tho v.cok: for h»r ilcephigr shares £1,860 Is asked, buyers at £1,800 o J terms; half working £1,200 cash offerod, sellan X1.B20. Prlnco of Wal's half sleeping Blures £1,05) TO fi r ' for WorkltlB halves £700. In Alston au I Weirdalo a good trade dono ID thoso sha-os last week ; closing price on Saturday for sixty- sixth üiaros £f>00, a nao of nearly £200; this company wosotd over^O) Hince3 for the week. Bonshaw« io good demand ; W report sales at £00 and £07-a Blight Improve- ment on hut week. Scottlsli and Cornish-£35 > being rom-ed for shares In this company. Tu> «rest Republic are washing bettor, obtaiairtr Marly 200 ouncos for last week ; for half-sl »op- ing: «liares £120 IB asked, full shares, £220. Tho AlWon Company obtained but 1 «lo gold for tho Jttk; ahar.s slightly easlor; for half Bleeping, £069 »««ed; half-working, £000. Working Mlnera-fN» Uterest for sale ardor £1,400 for full sharos. BuhH jong Companlcs- ror Buninyong terip £06 ii offofod, ïif J" leii at Ém- For National £120 cash1 ii Sdl îrtth I0"0T a* £100- Plonoers and Garibaldi'» quiet, ¡jcarsdalo Companies-For Bute>, £16) u X?c3» wlft sollers at £18°- Avoncllfts £110 cash Is S2ed» .wiih aellera "at £li0- LT*'s Alls-BuFerj iteelj-at £10, Boilers £20 10s. For Aramuths 1CÏJ ' ¡Lin ? ?nysra &t; SM- For Scandalo Extenjlo I iwlT, at ,pw ! uo buyers. In Lucky Womina wmpanlos-l-or lliblu Hoods £120 is oskod; no |il> rSb,UJer*,- Br"ish-£160 Boilers, bujors £140. flSniunftl^?'-buyori1 at £10°; a°I|<*'. »' £r» umadTiunk.TrvAtmlii. fen. «nthtno-.tni A k nan . oltPnii"ÍHak*?ry AE»lp» *°-. nothing doi g Ali*,tl> fallon hu been paid latterly to some mining cam P«ui on Beaufort, Fiery Creek. Wo some tims »g » ffÄ,», comPsny, called the «Beaufort Junction, if waT'S8 Co,alP»ny., which, by the general opioloa «both Beaufort and Ballarat miners, will bl a Sr5!L'JÎ?rM' «?u TsWup ; buyers, froely.at £X7. ^taune,cQmpamM_vlotorIs Quartz£000 .'is aub i Kan?; Í*;"V,.¥> d«'»Td buyer». For Oliiae» ffi wli8htfîllhM bM1> exportcn-od ; fall sharo» .Waltabie at £000. In,Daylesford Companies,'tha TVtmbat «lloví»! ia looklne better, and shares ara In ¿«mud at £100. Onad Not United (Quartz), for A (72nd) £226 ii offered ; fellers at £!60 ; forB (72nd). .no wero offered tboso on Saturday at £500, bnyeri cBorlng £180. "Je lut-Stock Hines.-Although a considorablo im- petus has boen given to several frun increased yiolds, the majority may bo quoted nominal. Business' ha< bun restricted to those that luv o been ihoKing pro f (able results, but a considerable speculate o demand htacxlstod In others, nhciolowprtccsond fair chanca of success flier miillclcnt Inducement. Aihllle», aftor i ( nie months ot unproductive labour, aro again in a Iftillon to promlso regular dividends; »haren in the «npsny aro, howovor, dull of sale, and tribute sharon ne offcrcdr at £100. Tho present plant of this com 1 sny being small and Inefficient as compared with' tho quantity of payable rtono tbat could bo raised; dt rrends tho attention of both shareholders anditrl tutcrs ; rnutual concessions ard ro-airangomor.t rf j gretmcntB would, wo havo no doubt, provo to be mu- li ally advantageous. Ajax are nguiu progressing favourably, and tho prospects for tho future aro a i gcodssover. Few laleshavo taken place. Asmalllot, 10c paid up, havo changed hands at 60s., bujers now < (Ter 60s. ; shares, 20s. paid up, aro nominally quoted at £6, thero being few holders dhposed to realize. Albion bave boon in domvid at 2s., but we havo hoird of ni licitación». Beoblvo, £6 paid, wculd find buyers as 20fl. Catherino Bcof United could bo placed, to a limited extent, at 4s. Od., at which Bales a'o roportcd. Clunes aro less firm ; sellers wou'd accept lower prijos lh»n those previously ruling; £600 a«kcd, buyers Bhy. Ct moorland Beof havo been occupied in prospecting ord testing the cement on the adjoining ground t> tluir original lease, with various results thoit of closr lug expontes. Hustler's Beer havo been very activoly dealt In at from 7s. Od., with dividond of Si per pirara, i to 10s. Od. ox dividend, ar d few starra aro row offorod ni an; price. If results equal to those of the past ftm weeks continue tobo reslised, these shirts aro llkoly to lise to a large premium. Johnson'« a c quiet, and veil supported at 6s. ,0d., although operations havo bein unprofitable for the past few weeks. Linscott'a »re in favour with speculators for a rise ; no business dene. Nelson havo been dono at 8s., but only for a limited number, holdora generally bolng disposed to await lurther developments at the mine. Now Chum < Jlei ed at 7s., without finding buyers. St Arnaud aro rredtratcly well supported, sales at £20; a call of ¿2 per share will bo duo on tho 20th inst. Et. Mungo are seldom dealt in, and have shown ni TirgrrsB for a long tuno; but thero are buyers on ipi eulatien at nominal prices. Tyson's have boen Bold at 4s., 4s. 6d., and 5B , and prospects of an early divi- da d aro good. Tho removat of the board of manage« mint from Sandhurst lo Melbourno han had a bene« l'clal influenco on the market valuo ot shares. Vio tolla (Clunes) aro (fforcd at £020, hovers a shade ui der. Wo bolievo largo and regular dlv ldcnds may 1 o expected from this company very soon, which will eauro a considerable advance in the valuo of their stotk." Several periodical meetings of ioint stock companies have been held. At that of the Milhonrne Gas and Coko Company, held on Tuesday, a dividend at the rate or eight por cent, per annum was declared. The fourth annual general meeting of the Victoria Lifo , sud General Insurance Company was held at the offices of the company. Wo gather from ibe profit and loss account, that a loss of .£26,781 9s. 8d. has been incurred on the yesr'B general business, and a profit on the life business of £2,089. The directors con gjaiulate the shareholders in their icport that lhe paid-up capital (£40,000) ÍB intact, and that there is a balance to the credit of pro- ut and loss, including the reserve for last year £9,034 8s. 9d, of £12 816 4s. 9d. Of this latter sum £6,906 19s. lid. is set down as duo from branches and agencies. The cash, in tho bank and in the hands of the secre- tary on the 80th ult. amounted to £20,855 17s. I he Bum of £82,22718s. lid. was held on de TOBlt, and that of £107,804-193. lOd. was ad tanced on mortgage-and other securities. Taking the statements of the Teport, the com- pany are possessed of-capital £40,000, and profltB £12,816, making; a total of £52,816, to meet liabilities ou all insurances of fire and life. The markets have been specially dull dur- ing lhe month, as will be seen by reference to cur detailed icportB in other columns At this f rason of the year, tiado is always at its dullest Tho Bill of Entry for the past -week gives Iho imports at tho port of Melbourno at tho declared value of £183,101, and the exports at £107,032, the balance £16,089. Specie was im- ported to the valuo of £4,000, and exported lo that of £04,000. Among the exports were the following articles of colonial produce : Antimony ore, 70 tons ; bark, 31J tons ; flour, £8tons; gold, 12,184oz.j hay, 33JtonB: pota- toes, 14 tons ; tallow, 9 tons ; wool,46,6201b. In the following table, the imports and exports are given weekly for the current year, side by Bide with those of the corresponding weeks of 18G2, together with the totals for both periods : Week Impc rta, Exports. ending 1862. 1868. 1862. 1863. * £ £ £ £ Jan. 8 143,220 845,640 04,168 106,490 » io 411,270 170,498 287,734 623,601 » 17 187,805 488,710 282,700 102,008 " 21 205,860 223,440 423,548 669,125 ,, 81 Feb. 7 476,021 410.1S2 395,343 117,733 171,765 107,444 126,065 190,005 II I* 267,602 467,073 221,122 142,220 ?i 21 206,060 818,431 860,731 233,450 ., 28 240,010 482,788 229,228 403,104 »¡arch 7 196,032 261,800 129,234 117,814 » 1 810,012 162,410 832,022 180,126 ., 21 217,673 03,872 70,269 289,817 "i 28 208,041 140,548 860,770 298,307 April 4 880,220 223,84 S 82,800 814,062 n u 213,700 059,079 269,791 88,782 ». IB 121,842 100,684 218,624 108,780 X¿l,Vi¿ JV0,DS4 213,D.'4 108,780 " re 224,402 163,620 203,671 804,005 liny 2 247,473 260,732 200,060 351,427 " 9 06,163 87,156 108,227 113,085 .. 16 335,170 127,820 273,670 . 93,423 » 23 01,020 420,018 171,000 495,170 " £0 241,736 567,004, 260,887 101,242 üunc G 373,830 167,317 184,870 79,603 "' l8 122,040 876,811 68,483 293,596 " to 1S7.040 107,608 04,570 65,647 " 27 226,840 208,488 210,200 577,740 July 4 126,707 189,020 652,070 277,853 j. 11 107,801 241,410 210,033 204,142 >.' l8 898.7S8 ,183,101 03,071 167,012 1 0,000,026 17,606,040 1 0,422,782 7,134,601 In the first period, the account stood thus : Imports .. .. 'i.. .. £0,009,025 Exports .0,422,78¿ Balance of imports ovor oxports In the second period : Imports . Exports .. .. . .. £480,243" £7,605,010 ' 7,184,031 Balanco of importB over oxports .. £401,330 Tbo following is a statement of the stocks of nil dutiable goodB held in bond at the port of Melbourne on the 21st July ¡-Brandy, 4,774jf hhds. 74,610$ cases ; rum, 849} hhds. 1,090 cases; geneva, 10J hhds., 105.294 red coree, 7,019 green cases ; -whiskey, 978 hhds. 12,951 cases ; old tom, 57^ hhda. 1,683 cases ; cordials, 2,402 cases; spirits of wine, 204J, ihds. ; other spirits, 74 hhdß. 8,701 cases % wine, 3,202* hhdBi 0,246* cases; beer, 6,289 hhds. 0,510 cases and caBks ; tobacco, 29 hhds., IO1? caBkF, 1,085 bales, 22 tierces, 294 half ticices, 78 quarter-tierces, 32 kegs, 4,854 three quarter boxes, 2,870$ cases and boxes; cigars, £80 cases ; snuff, 85 packages ; tea, 21,958 chests, 12,127} holf-cbeBts, 7,161 boxes ; coffee 2,031 bags, 2 tierces,'198 casks, 1,455 barrels; ingar, 77.730 bags raw. 42,810 packages ; mo-; lerees, 309 hhds.; chicory, 258 packages; epium, 96 packages; dried fruits, 0,339 pack- ages; hops, 185 pockets 24 bales; rice, 3,566 bncB; malt, 1,354boga; colonial spirits, 1,679 hhds. The following is a statement of the traffic returns of the Victorian Government linei of jailwny, of the Melbourne and Hobsou's Bay Ballway, and of tbo Melbourne Company'* line (late the Melbourne and Suburban line), I for the month of June : Government lines! Melbourne undi HobBon'sBay., Melbourno Co.'s. Pas- sengers, £ B. d.l £ s.d. 13,805 0 0,20,740 0 2, 2,818 111 2,88311 0 2,80210 41 - [34,10512 2 6,70110 8 2,80210 i At a meeting of the committee of the [ Chomber of Commerce, it was announced tjiat ihe secretary, Mr. John Russell, who bus filled the office of secretary for the chamber since 1850, had resigned his office, when the follow. 1 ing résolution was passed unanimously': " That in accepting Mr. RUSFCH'S resigna- tion, the committee desire to express their tinta of his high character, and their appre- ciation of many services rendered by him',t>' the chamber during the seven years he has tried as secretary." ' T filnco tho departure of the last mail f;or England, the following sales of station pto pertics havo been effected :-Tho back brooks in the Lachlan district. New 8outh Wales, known as Marjaro and Culpataro, contain | ing 128,000 acrcB, for the Bum of £1,000, to Mr* John Peters ; and Moothumbool, 64,000 acres, for £800, to Mr. Walter Clarke ; tim EIIerBÏiJ farm, at Freston, containing seventy-eight acres, with improvements, for tho sum ' of £1,176; the Burra Burra and Lowan5Plats Stations, in the Swan hill dtBtrlct, together ?with 6,000 sheep, for the sum of 27s. per head ; tho | Warbreccan Station, on tbo Edward Uiver. New South Wales, together with 24,144 Bheep, 030 head of cattle, and 40 horses, to Mr. Martin Shanahan, for the sum of £40,000 cash, all improvements > given in ; the Niagarom Station, on the Goulburn, together with 8,000 Bheep, to Mr. James Ho'po, of Yea, for the sum of £3,000, on the customary tcirns; and tho Wallandool and EackblocK Stations, in tho Billabong district, with 16,000 sheep, at 27s. per head. J Tho statistics of insolvency for tho monta of Juno do not present any very novel fea- tures. There were eighty schedules filed during the month in the Melbourne juris- diction of tho Insolvency Couit, and thirteen in that of Geelong. One of tho EcheditiA filed in Melbourne was that of the Brighton Hollway Company. No less than forty-four certificates were granted. Six assignments were registered for tho benefit of creditors. Plans of distribution were filed in twenty-six estates. EXPORTS From the Port of Melbourne from the 18th June to the 18th Jnly, 1863, compared with the corresponding period of 1862. Agricultural plomonts Alkali-Soda, tons Apparel and slops ! Antimony oro,tons Arms and ammu- nition Arrowroot, lb. .. Bags and sacks .. I Bu-k, tons . Beer Bottled, gala. .. ! , Draught, do. .. . Biscuit, tons Black sand, do. .. j Blankets and wool i lons Bones, tons ' Books Boots and shoes.. Bran, bushels ¡ Bricks, No. t Bruslivvare ! Building materials Butter, tons Candles, do. Canvas i Carpi ting Cat nages, carts, iic. Casks, empty Cement, tons Cheese, tons Chicory, lb. Clilnawnro Coals, tons Coir libre, tons Coffee Conlootionory Copper, tons Copper oro, do. Coppcrwaro and i brasswaro Cordngo, tons Corks Cottons .. Cutlery .. Brapery .. BrugB BrucrristB* ware.. Eartlicnworo Fancy goods Toit Flsh Proecrvod .. Flour, tons Fruit , Dried .. Green, bushels . Furniture.. 186 5,466 424 1)1 0,026 IOC 80 269 826 84b 1,043 2,021 1,101 706 0,047 27,771 1,600 207 . 1,210 079 2,637 1,510 701,728 85,782 47 736 676 HO 207 460 4,057 2,114 76 280 2,905 2,470 1,041 708 1.1 23,760 7 "°80 T12 ""l8 1,069 8,850 i 2 ~48 17,664 . |203 2,996 0,820 1,200 1 60 1,708 2,067 C,044 828 76 2,206 17 186 1,188 60 4,604 l8 C20 26 730 40 80,066 4,! 184 000 974 697 1,203 2,609 80 - - . _ 7,O0E 486,820 293 214 1,124 482 8 04 287 270 66 12,616 649 1,477 10,900 20 606 176,296 1,260 61,903 108,834 8,037 10 1,200 ijvn ~80 "~27 191 17,010 130 _ 2R6 _ 2,000 - 266 _ 826 _ 8,105 79 117 008 17 2,020 02 45 _ 414 1,703 20 22 7,970 119 1,076 782 - 26 8,903 _ 67« - 693 mm 26C 8 27 mm 606 1 147 mm 90S - 013 16 sec ¡>f - 0,032 18,472 7,183 . 18C 2C 2 800 - 22 5,140 401 2,072 81,017 "~1 gravings 87 30 _ mmm Papcrhanginga .. 802 826 Perfumery 120 165 « _ Photographic goods Bitch and tar ra 130 00 116 _ _. Pipes-Tobacco .. 48 179 - _^. Fiants and seeds.. 282 359 Flato and plated ware 20 Plumbers' wai o .. mm 605 mm _ Potatoes, tons .. 455 1,861 73 218 Preserves 8 201 Printing materials 209 372 - M Provisions Preserved ' 0 897 - mm Salted, tons .. 2,071 8,681 80 181 Quicksilver Ballway materials 160 228 - 1,336 - -. Bags, tons .. 1,!80 1,111 152 120 Bcsin 223 80 Saddlery .. 601 1,936 - -. Salt, tons.. 017 693 186 173 Bhlpchandlcry .. 12 40 - Bilks 813 245 Bklns 4,700 3,416 - Blates, No. 111 ? 7,600 mm Soap, tons 1,078 22 40 1 Spccio 107,826 189,878 - mm specimens of natu- ral history 6 25 mm mm Spelter, tons . 200 mm 10 ¡Spices fj \- Ï27 -. Er hits 1 Brandy 8,061 8,878 - »* Cordlala 164 172 1 Oin 1,830 770 -~ M» Ofwino.. - 8 - mm* Perfumed 77 mm » mm 1 Hum .. 833 204 « mm , Whiskey 411 480 M mm, TJndoscribed .. 63 318 Starcli and blue .. 44 160 «_ _ Stationery 1,547 1,733 mm mm Steel, cwt. 181 49 Stonowaro 6 800 - i Sugar Sallow, tons 8,417 14,238 ». mm 2,000 866 07 23 Sea 9,034 4,261 .mm Tenta and tar 1 paulins 60 70 « mm Timber ... 497 6,416 _ mm Tin. 81 88 Tinware .. 4 128 mm. Tobacco .. .. 8,670 10,601 ? .-, I Cigars .. 1,407 2,440 - -> Tobacconists' ware 65 mm Tools and utensils 686 872 TOVB and turnery £ 11 - -. S'urpcntlno and 1 varnish, gals. . TH Ino and thread It 2i 1 twt. .. Î 20£ * 66 Vinegar, gals. . 81 \- - \- S# - Watches & clock] 20( ) 16! - mm Wno 6,16 8.49E ~ -m, Woodcnwaro l8 r 27' Wool, lb... 22,84 > 10.92 21L80 i 244.563 ¿Inc, tons.. 8 3 , 621 ? 2 17 TJndoscribed 1,77 5 1,68 - mm I MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES : ',, CURRENT. I v Tho Argus Ofllco, Friday Evening, I At tho time of tho departure of tho last ovorlind ¿mil we had to roport a dull market. Binco thon but Uttlo In the way of improvement has taken place. The usual Inactivity during tho midwinter months has prevailed, and balancing and stocktaking havo pax . tia ly interrupted business transactions. The large ln ' ¿retro in amount of shipments from tho home markets advised by the last mail has had a farther unfavour- able effect on trade demand, buyers holding back In the full anticipation that prices must llivo way. In soma fe tv article], of whioh tro shipments vero announced as modorato, a ¿J gbt dltp:silion for Bpoculatlon arose, but as sion died out ; and with full supplies on hand and largo sjxpected arrivals, the state of our markots admits of ne prospect of early irrprovomont in cither demand or pi lees. Country trade Is languid, storekeepers buying Tilth very groat ciution. The heavy homo osporta t» the neighbouring colonies Js adverse to our »iilpplnir. trade. Tho Now Zealand market, which has afforded (insider»bio relief to tills, in taking largo supplies away, moro especially of inferior quality goods, mus; lio considered as almost closed upon us, when tho iHrgcdlrcctRliInincntsarotakonintoaccount, Although but littlo Is doing, trade is genornlly healthy. No im tricdlatc prospect of amendment In rates can bo hold out ; and shippers, advised of tho necessity of mora limited exports, havo in groat measure tho means of Kgulating prices in their own hands. With theso wmarkB w o proceed to moro detailed paitlculara of tho leading articles of import. i > lo and Porter.-Demand for draught ales his con- tinued Etoadlly to decline, and at present is osceod liujly alick. As stocks increase prices gradually giro way, although holders of lomo brands aro still asking full rates. Draught stout is in but modorato demand, but steadily maintains its valuo of £7 6s. for best brinde. Bottled ale, even of best brands, has been of 1(B! ready sale, and prices aro cat 1er, tho highest quo- tations being from SL Od. to 10s. per dozen. Bottled stout Is in but moderate inquiry, and sales chiefly con- fined to most preferred brands, foi1 which ice. Is pro- curable. Quotatlors:-Beer.-Now llrewcry Coni ] mi)'«, Carlble, LI 12s. 01 to £7 ICs ; DvVa LOW XO. 3, £7 fs ; Allsopp'»-, £7 6s. to £710s. ; other Un-« n. Irewers', £7 6s. to £7 10s. perhhd.: Joule's Stono, held for £8 ; Tcnctnt's, £016s. por hhd. ; Byass's bottled, 10s, ; London and Colonial Co.'s, 9s. 6d. to 9s. 9d. ; Allsopp's, 108. ; other bottlers', 8s. 6d. to 9s. Stout Best brands, £7 6s. ; other brewers', £6 10s. to £7.por hhd. ; Dublin stout, 9a Od. to 0J. 9d. ; Byass's bottfod, le. ; London and Colonial Company's, 0s. ; Barclay's, 1 cttled by Friend, quarts, 9s. Od. to 9a Od. ; other tottlcre', 7s. Cd. to 8s. Od. per dozen. Bacon and hams havo boen in loss inquiry of late, cud the late high prices ruling havo received a check. Ile chipping demand has been iho chief support i f ] ikes, aud that having docllnod, and a bl tor supply tf local cured, of excellent qua ity, coming forward, isles aro docllnlrg, and carnot bo quotedabovo the following prices ¡-Yorkshire or 'Wiltshire ham», Is. Sid. per lb. ; Irish (Sinclair's), Is. 8d. per lb. ; do. (Coey's), Is. 8d. per lb. ; Rowan's bellies (bacon), Is. id. per lb. ; Sinclair's do., Is. 2d. per lb. ; Waring'B, li. lid. per lb.; Mofiatt's, Is. lid. porlb. B«gB and tacks.-Woolpacks aro In bettor roqucat, t r d holders firm, 5?. 0d. each being tbo price domandad for good full-v, eight packs. Ccrn sacks aro In but ' little demand, and prlcos Inollno easlor, 17s. perdczon - I ling ino higiiost procurable rate for good throe-bushel lacks-. Butter shot» s a further decline, and sales of best. II mples of doublo rose Cork ore roportcd st 14d. por { lb. Demand is t aller, and the markel being wol) sup- 1 plied with fresh, inquiry Is chiefly confined to shipping ciders. Candios continuo very dull of salo, and with tho - ibitmtnts of foreign make announced, no Improve cent in prices is hkily to ensue. Largo parcels of etmigidorc constantly bting forced off by auction, (trrisEliig prices act} rendering tbo sales of conn I j mee)» quite cifficnlt to effect. Tho Nova Stoarluo C< n.par.y'8 agents havo reduced their price to 12d , i rd El plifh full wolghts aro not enlcablo at abovj JUd. lo lUd. per lb. I cruiit hat undergone but little chango. Portlan 1 if casier, and quoted at 28s. per barrel. For lloma a ti ire Is no inquiry, and tho prico is nominal. Arno ricen plaster dull at 22s. to 23s.' per barrel. Cheese-For prime qualities thero is a steady In- quiry, end eales of theso descriptions aro effected with tilcrablo readiness at from 12d. to 18Jd. per lb. Chicory is in easier demand, and although quoted at id. r er ib., sales aro not readily maco al that rato. Ccffco has somewhat declined in demand, and prico3 ure rather easier thon when last quoted. Ceylon plantation 1B not worth ovor lid. ; native, Od.; Java, 3 Cd. tolOid. ; Manilla, OJd. per lb. Confectionery continuos of fair sale in small assorted jaiccls, but is much intorftrei with by tho supply of ecl.nlal manufacture. Bost assorted 1B worth lid. ; Ct rdogo remains very qnlot. 8t~cks of all kinds aro implo, and prices havo no tendency towards bottor I al cs. Good seaming twino is still in modorato supply, and in fuir demand. Prlcos are:-Europo rope, £30 to £86; Manilla, assorted sizes, £47 to £49; Bus lion, £E8 to £40 ; Calcutta IlntB, £46 to £47 por ton ; teeming and roping twino, 14Jd. porlb. DiugB - Opium it better supplied by late arrival*, ord prices show no amendment on last quotations. Soda crystals aro in botter demand, at from £810s. ts £816a. Soda ash quito neglect« d. Caustic soda duli c1 ralo. lu other articles under this heading no (tongo has occurred. Quotations aro as follow: Flour of sulphur, 21a to 22s. per cwt. ; carbonate of (eds, 17s. Ga. to IBs. per cwt. ; soda crystals, £810s. to £8169. ; caustic soda, £19 to £20; soda tish, £10 ; lulpl.uilo acid, 4d. to 4Jd. por lb. ; opium, Patna, £240 per eliott ; prepared, 20s. Od. to 20s. Od. per (ositter, duty paid. Fleh, cried and Jolted.-Ling nab, of primo quality, Is icorco, and saleable at from 6Jd. to 6Jd. porlb. Herrings oro In rather improved inquiry, and are voith 10s per Atkin, and from 27s. to 28s. por half- tone), lied herrings, 82s. to £3B per dozen tins of Ino dozen each. Flour and Grcin.-Tho markets for Ihoso article? Imebccu in an unsettled cordlilon for Borne weoks patt, and pr.cos genorally rullnir easier; during tho jest week, ho-iover, a speculative demand lor flour preso, followed by some considerable salo», and Armer Erices ; wheat also partaking of tho Improvement, emend has, however, become cosier, and sales of the lett low days have been chiefly confined to limited lindo orders. I'l lees arc, however, ssteadicr and rather Olfpaod towards advance, ns,* with tho many months for which supplies ot brcadBtuffs havo to bo provltlod, there Boems no good reason » hy blither than proscrit; tates should not Intervene Considerable sales of «heat havo bein alto modo laUbiu the past week. Adolaldo nt C», and VKtoria grown at 6s. 4d. per lushcl. Barley coiit'nucs in but moderate demand, litldcrs tolerably 11.in at quotations. Colonial oat), icing somoHliut scaico, oro in full inquiry at steady prices ; but in f -reign sorts very little hu- ¡ness ia doing, tho late orrivalH being mostly stored ; and with tbo parcels of this description on tho way, no early advance in prerent pilcos Is likily to cnsuio. Scotch oatmeal li quoted at f, oui £27 to £iS pi r ton, but the market U -nell supplied Milli local nanufsctured, which operotos i-nfaa ourably on imported parcels. Quotatlens aro : Flour, per 2,0001b.-Tasmanian, £12 10s. to £18 per ton ; Victorian, country and town mado, £13 ; .Adelaide, £11 ; Jlogaroy's and Hart's Adelaido, £14 10s, ; Californian, £18 ; United b tates, 86s, per barrel. Wheat, per COlb.-Colonial, 6s. 2d. to 6s. Od. ; Ade- laide, 0s. ; Californian, 6s. Gd ; feeding sorts, 4s. 6d. 10 4s. Od. Oats, per 40lb.-Iri-ih and Scotch, 4s. Od.' to 4s. Od. ; Californian, none offering ; colonial. Se. 6d. to Os. Barley, per 60lb.-Cape and Californian, 4s. ed. to 4s. Sd. ; feodlng, 4s. ; malting, 6>. Od. to Oi. Wnlzo, por 60ib., 4s. 8a, to 4*. Gd. Gram, per ton, £18 lus. to £14. Bran, per. 201b., Is. 2d. Oatmeal, per ton.-Search, £27 to £28 ; colonial, £31 to £35. Gunpowder 1 ai boen sptcti'ated in to Bonio extent; piictB are firmer, and best blasting torts aro not ob tsinablo under 7 jd, per lb. . IIopB remain of Blow talc at qul'.o unltnprivcd ratos, ie. 6d, to Is. 10d. rerlb., duty paid, being tho highest qui tailor» for Kent und Sussex pockots of 1862 grrwth. Mi lt.-Ti.o s' ipmonts ndvlsod by tin mail havo lersiencd inquby, and rendered prices easier. Specu- lative purchase«, which had provlously boen consldur sble, have nearly cn-ed ; and, although ho'ders are ge- nerally firm, net over 8s. Od. to 8s. 9d. per bushel, duty I old, Is procui able for best samples. Metals.-For all descriptions tho market is dull, and toles In quantities difficult to effect. Gonu is oniving to an Inactlic market. Fig Iron Is also dull, and slocks Increasing. Bar and rod Iron aro I mply Bupplicd, £10 per ton being the outddo prioo 1er best brand*. Sheet lead, In the absence of demand, i Is eotlor. Zinc is without improvomont, and of ir tnciur. /.mc is vviuiout ímprovomont, and of limited sale. Quotations ure :-Morowood's patent, conugatcd galvanized tluiiod, 24 and 26 gaugos, £33 1 cr ton. Morowood's corrugated galvanizod, No. 2, cr untinned, £35 do.; Iup,>or's do., £36 do. : Bimllton's or other Eng'ish maker's, £83 to £31 do,; Scotch, £80 do.; Mrroivood's galvanizod tinned plain, 26 and 28 ¿auges, £38 do, ; Tupper'» rr other English makers, £80 do. ; äootoh do., £84 do. ; rod and bar, boat Staffordshire brands, Blill, £10 do.; do., Scotch, £9 do.; plate, £18 do. ; sheet, assorted, £14 do. ; angle and T, £13 do, ; boon, £12 do. ; pig, £8 los. do. ; Swedish, no sales. Bead-Pipe, assortod sizes, £27 to £28 do. ; shoot, milled, assorted, £28 do. ; shot, assortod, £30. Steel. Blister, £2 6s. per ovvt. J »jt, £210s. do. Oin-Block, le. Cd. to Is. 9d. per lb. ; platos, charcoal, IO, plates, charcoal, IX, 20 per cont." advance. Wiro-Fonciug, black. £1310s. per ton ; galvanized, Nos. 1 to 6, £23 do. Zinc-Rolled, light, £80 to £81 do. ; do., nails. £2 Es. to £2 10B. por owl. Oils, Faints, Se-Butines in tbeso artlelos con- tinues of verj modorato oxtont. Unseed oil Is light in ttcck and held for advanced prices, but demand Is not brl^k. Kerr seno has como fi eely to hand, and for trsdo parcel« not above 2t. 9d. to 8s. can bo obtained. Cliincso oil is still scirce, and worth from 4s. 7jd. t J 4P. Od. per gallon. Colza oil quito neglected. In points no altera ion has ocourred, and tales are difficult to effect. Quotations aro :-Kcroscno, 2s. 9d. to 3s. Clincso, 4s. 7jil. to 4s. Od. Linseed, OB. Sd. por gallon. Turpcntlno, 18s. per gallon ; whitelead (host), tSs to 85s. per cwt. ; interior, 23s. to 80s ; red lead, 26« to 27S. por cwt. Oilmon's Stores.- Bottled fruits and lib. jams aro in pood demand, and, in tho absenco of fresh fruits, aro 1 ki>)y to crniiuuo of ready sale, and siiBlaln price*. Allbla-k cu"ni U aro worth 14s., and lib. Jams 12s., per dozen. Vinegar is scareo. C'oncontratod quarts quoted at 10s p r c oion. For other goods Inquiry Is i cry modorato ; and as supplies aro coming forward freel], quotatloi s aro unlikely to be advanced. The following are qu"tatl"ns :-Blue, thumb, 9|d. per lb. ; currlo powder, quarts, 18a. to 14s. per dozon : fruits, bottled,quarts, 13s. Cd. do.; jumB and Jellies, lib. tins, 12s. do. ; lobsters, lib. tins, American, 7s. 6d. do. ; macaroni, 8 Genoa, 7d. do. ; mustard, In balk, No. 2, 8d. do. ; do., in lib. bottles, I2j. per dozen; do., in iib. bottlos, 7s. Od. do. ; oysters, prosorvod, lib, tins. 17s. to 17s. 6d. per dozen ; do., 21b. tins, 24s. do. ; pickles, pints, St. do. ; Babul oil, pints, 12s. Cd. per dozen ; do., half-pints, 7a. 61. do.; salmon, (preserved, lib. tins, 17B. do. ; sardines, halves, 0s. Sd. do. ; quarters, Oe. Rd. do. ; sauces, assorted, half-pints, 9s. do. ; do. Worcestershire (Loa and Perrins ), 13s. do. ; it&rcb; (Column's), 6Jd. per lb. ; vinegar, brown (Cham- pion's 24), 2s. 8d. per gallon ; do., concentrated, quarts, 10s. per dozon; white wine, Is. 6d. per gallon. i l Quicksilver continues of limited salo, prices stilt rulirg at from Is. lOd. to 2s. per lb. , Bice has been affected by tho lato arrivals, and prices ¡ stc caller. Tho market continues somewhat unsettled and lower rates looked for, By auction a portion of Patna, ex Adam Sedgwick, was placed at £2115s, ; but | sales atlower rates aro reported, and prices quotod nt in m £20 to £21 per ton, duty paid. Spirits.-The market remains dull, although prices I generally are well maintained. Brandy of brat brands is In moderate Inquiry, with a rather easier ten- , dttcy; Infoalsr doicrlpiions dull of Bale. Rum has leen in slightly better Inquiry ; by auction, sales of Li mon Hart's 10 o.p. have been made at 8s. 3d. per : gillon. Geneva In moderate demand, lett brands , liitghg 10B. Cd per coso. In old tom and whiskey tut littlo business Is dohg. Quotations oro (In bond) -Brandy- Martell'i, dark, 11s. Od. ; palo, lis. Cd per gallon ; nonncssy's do., 11s. 8d. per gallon ; I pale, lis. Sd. ; Otard's, 10a. 6d. do. ; United Vine- yard Proprietors' Company's do., lOi. 6J. ; Chatn Îigno Vineyard Proprietors' Company's do., 10s. ' 0 10s. 6d. ; palo, 10s. Od. do. : Vlnorrowon*, 10s. ; do. ; Leger Freres, 10s. do. ; other brands, do., 6s. io Bs 6d. do. ; pale, Honncwry's, Bis. per dozen 3x90; do., United Vineyard Proprietors", 29s. ¿0 80s. do. ; Vlnegrowors', 2fls. to 27s. do.; Champagne VInoyard \ Piopnotors" Company*», 26s. do. ; Leger Freres, 20a. do, ; Clouzcau'a, 24B. to 26B. do. Oeneva-JDKZ er key brand, 10s. 9J. per four-gallon caso ; do., do., CF. ed. to 7s. per half-case; do., other brands, 8a. (d. to 0s. 6d. per case. Gin-London old tom, brit brands, 8s. per gallon ; do., do., 14s. per dozen. Rum-Fast India, 20 to 80 o.p., Is. Od. to 9s. 8d. per gallon ; West India, 10 to 12 o.p., 89. do. ; do., 20 to 80 o.p., 8B. Od. do. Whlskoy-Irish, llthan'B, 3s. Od. do. ; Scotch, best, 3s. Od. di. ; do., best brands, 12s. Od. to 18s. per dozen cato. , 1 Sugar.-Tbo markot continues heavy, and prices gtntrally unimproved, without prospect of amend- ment. About 4,000 bags of Mauritius wero placed to dcy by nuctle n, tho prices procured bolng as follow : fli c 3 ello w to good white crystals, £34 KF. to £8010s. ; rood to (ino ccuntorsorts, £2010s. to £32 5a. ; good blown, £26 to £2610s. per ton, duty paid. ' 1 Tea:.-Thero has been mero business doing during tlelsst week, chiefly for trado requirements. The tu))ly of low togoodctmrcon con g us isverj limited, «ruc sales have been irado at from le. 4d to Is Sd. per lb ; for Uno descriptions tho demand has been very niederste, ard tho pi lets realized ru'cd from 2s. 4 2B, (d. per lb. Scented orango pekoe Is lu bettor in-" quiry, and pricos have slightly advanced ; quotation«, Is. Sd. to 2i. Od. In green tois-liysonskins havo fallen in price ; Canton mad« 8d. to 10.1. per' lb? ; Gunpowder in moderate demand-Canton, Is 2d. to Is 9d. ; country ktndi 12e. toîs. ; yon g bjsin, dull" '<"]c- " , - . "ii ' -, llnlVrr -11 r t -''.-' rn " v v ? ' ' i' ; si.vks a re heavy, and large ih'prccntB on the way. In the ii unco of demand prices aro languid, and scarcely i flail quotations. A considerable pat col cf deals was «ffeicd last week by auction but withdrawn, tho prices Krdered beingholow Importers'\icws. Baltic deals, 0 3i8, ud,r>requottdat43d.loCd.,sr,tlwhlto, 4d.to4id. j irftot Tcbacco.-TJemand continues active, and a steady tiade Is doing at full rates. Holders moro particularly (fwellconditlOLod parcels aro very firm, and lxdls jotid to sell under full market pr'c-s. About 600 packages wero disposed of by auction at the com mnetment ol the week, amidst much competition, at horn 2B. lOd. to 8s. 7jd. por lb. for half-pounds, and It. Sad. lo 2B. 7d. per lb. fcr tens, what may be con tidcred about current rates. Havannah cigars have letr placed by auction at 46?. per 1,000 m bond. in wines there 1B no chango io report. The market > i mains exceedingly dull, and prices too unsettled to iff ord quotations. MELBOURNE MABKETS. FrtiDAT, JULY 24. WO01, TALLOW, AND HIDEB-MCESID. J. H. Clough .nd Co. report :-(Monthly Report por Bombay.) "Wool.-This market remains in the condition of com- pleto ir notion referred to in our report por Northam, under dato 26th Juno. At this season of the year, except under circumstances of specialty, which are not likely to anio, thero is literally no market to report, mdtho period is approaching when producers direct their attention exclusively to anticipations respecting the now clip, and dealers entirely suspend operations except on terms highly favourable to buyers ; but even m this case, stocks aro so limited as to afford no Hold lor operations which can bo quoted as in the sllghtost degree indieativo of existing trado. There are, however, a few hundred bales of last year's clip yet U como down iremtho Darling ditrlct. Wo observo that many of tur correspondent'!, writing from London in May, di- rect tho special attention of Australian wool growers to tho faulty condition cf the Tort Phillp wools tblppcd to the London market, and wo havo roltoratcd to our c lents throughout tho countiy tho nocesstty of n strict atteLtlon to this matter, urging that in all ? nscs whore It is practical le, shcaiing should be com- merced in those districts whero the Burr prevails at tho very earliest part ol the aeason, in order to pro tent the presence of burn and grass seeds in the wool. Tho customs clearances havo been as follow :-for tho ?necks ending Juno 17, 36,3821b., £2,800 ; July 4, 180,8811b., £il,180 ; July 11, 77,0001b., £6,900; July ; 8, 4,6621b, £2,123 ; total, 248,8261b, £22,648 ; add Trevious shipments, from SOih September, 1862, to 18tb Juno, 1S68, 10,832,8181b., £1,641,608. Grand letal, 10,681,6481b, £1,664,836. The following ihips have cleared willi wool sinco our last ro 5ort viz.:-Juno 20, lioxburgh Cntitlo, 662 bales; uly 0, Wavo of Lifo, 6o3 do. ; July 16, Wellesley, 486 do. ; total, 1,600 bales. Tallow.-The demand for follow remains about tho same as reported in our last. But little is going forward for tho home markets, the treat proportion being consumed in this and the ad- jacent colonieB for candle-making purposes. Tho lower sol ts, howeaor, which are only Inquired alter for soap-making, are dull of Bolo. We quote tho fol icwii g prices:-For low beef to middling, from £80 to £88; for good beef and mixed, from £84 to £30 KB.; and for mutton from £40 to £44 per ton. 3 ho shipments sinco our last have bein tho follow- ing!-Juno 29, Roxburgh Castle, 61 casks; July 6, ?W avo of Lifo, 24 caekB ; July 10, Wellesley, 41. Total, 116\. Hides.-HidcB In this market aro worth 10s. to Jlr. each for countrj-cured; and first-class town ciiicd, free on board, fitch from 18s. to 14s. each. Inferior and light-weights may ho que ted at from 3s. to 7s. 6d. each. 20,400 hides were shipped per Wava of Life on the Oth Inst" Messrs. It. Goldsbrouga end Co. report ¡-"Wool.-During the past month, a» eight bo anticipated at this seaton of tho year, thero j-OB been nothltg doing In wool calling lor particular i otico, scarcoly any lots coming In cither for tale or shipment. Wo expect about 400 bales In the coursa of I ext week, being tho ilrst instalment of a lot of 3,000 hales belonging to last season's clip, which has been delayed until now in consequence of want of Mater in tho rivers, Hie steamers being unable to roach the moro distant stations. Wo hear very favourable reports from correspondents in different districts of 1ho abundance of feed and healthy appearance of tho sheep, every prospect being hold out or B heavy clip during tho coming season. Tho following ships ha\o cleared for London during: i ho month willi w ool on hoard :-Juno 29, Rox- burgh Castle, 662 bolos; Juy 0, Wavo of Life, fits bales; July 16, Wellesley, 486 bales. Total, 3,600 bales. Previous shipments, 86,066 balee. Total shlpmonts-Oetober 26, 1802, to date, 80,646 hales. Trices Current.-Greasy-Inferior to ordinary, 7d. to Ed. ; ordinary to average, 8Jd. to lOd. ; good to supe ilor, lid. to Is. 0JJ. Fleece-inferior to ordinary, Is. 2d, to Is. 4d, ; ordinary to average, 1B, Cd. to Is. 7d. ; goedto superior, nono offering. Scoured-Ordinaty, Is. 4d. to 1B. 7d. ,*good, Is. 8d. to Is. lOd ; superior, 2s. gd. to 2s. Ed. Hides).-Sinco tho.cleara- co of tho Wavo of Life, on tho 6th inst., with 20,400 hides on board, thero has been nothing doing for shipment, consequently stocks, are again commencing to acuumulato in curor's hands. Tbo continued depression in the homo market prevents any Improvement in pticcs, which ovon now, judging by account sales of Molbourno hides, aro too high for pul chasers to dpcratowllh any prospect of oten a very small profit. Largo parcels, thoroughly cured and In ¡hipping order, may he quoted at 11s. to 12s. Cd. each. Tallow .-Prices have remained stationary during tho month, with but limited business doing, and lose inquiry, except porhaps for good parcels of mutton, which aro very scarco. Our quotations are os follow :-Beef, £33 to £36 per ton ; mixed £31 to £30 per ton ; mutton, £40 to £40 portón." SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. [B., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutcli ; F., French ; Ch., Chillon ; P., Portuguoso ; II., Hamburg ; N., Norwegian ; 8., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Bolg., Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian; R,, Russian; e,, ship ; b,, barquo ; br., brig ; so., schooner ; st., steamer.] June ARRIVED. 10\. Maori, B. s., 700, W. Ashby, London.-Smith, Strachan, and Co. S9. Charmer, B. b,, 331, C. Thomas, Liverpool.-* Lorlmor, Marwood, and Co. 29\. Maassliu?, D. br., 331, S. Post, Rottordam, SchlotttlnardOo. 29\. Formosa, B. b., 880, J. Beaton, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. 80\. Guadalctc, B. b., 277, G. A. Finley, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. July 1\. Asia, II. b , 400, - Abren B, Hamburgh.-Haogo and Prell 2\. Kocrier, D. br, 450, W. Vearst, Ho Ho.-Victoria Sugar Company. 2\. Caroline Chisholm, B. b., 346, S. S. Briggs, Livor* pool.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. S, Sonora, A. a, 707, L. W. Brown, Now York. Lord and Co. 2\. Coren, B s, 801, J. Cochrane, London.-M'Cnl locrj, Sellar, and Co. 4\. Margaret and Eliza, B. b., 400, R. Robinson, Hong Kong.- R. TovvnB and Co. 4\. Ocean Rover, A, s , 776, W. J. Wilcombe, Boston. -Francis and M'Pberson. I 0\. Auckland. B. B , 632, F. D. Gibson, London. Lewis and Co. 8\. Truo Briton, B. s., 1,104, G. H. Bawn, London. W. P. WhltoandOo. i 9\. Lawrence Brown, A. s., 801, Q. Fierce, Boston.-« Now eli and Co. I 14\. Madras, B. B S., 600, R. H. Stead, Point do Gallo. \- J. Spark's 14\. Nordon, sa, 000, II. Wohinan, GeHo.-Gibbs, Ronald, and Co. 14\. Matilda Dinkor, B. b., 225, G. Banker, Bremen. Plooa van Aicstcl. 15 North Amorlca, A. s, 1,600, J. Collier, Now Tork. -R. Towna and Co. li. Golden Land, B. s., 817, F. M'Konzio, London. Bright Brothers and Co. . i 15\. Bl» ck writ cr, B. I., 780, J. Griffiths, London. Katzcnttein and Co. , 36\. Omar Pasha, B. s, 819, J. P. Mortley, Hong Kong.' -Kong Meng and Co. I 16\. Eleonore, F. b, 180, Buchanan, Nowcastlo.-A. Scfcolstoln. 17\. FrlnB Carl, S. b., 877, J. J. Borgman, Calcutta. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 17\. Victoria, U.M. s.s, 7 guns, W. H. Norman, crulso. 18\. Agincourt, B. a, 780, A. Winchester, London.-J W. P. White and Co. 20\. Jane Montgomery, A. s., 880,0, Hamilton, Boston. R. Towns and Co. 28\. Mayolto, F. b , 277, P. Cogrtl, Calcutta.-M'Cul- loch, Sellar, and Co. £4. Bombay, 13. st., 1,000, B. Molhvon, Svdnoy.-J. Spaikcs. 21, Esmok, B. s, 800, - Pascoe, London.-Dalgoty and Co. . June CLEARED OUT. 26 Adam Sedgwick, B. b , 469, P. J. Bavey, Calcutta. -Gibbs, Ronald, and Co. S7. IV. M Peck, A. s., 778, G. Colson, Baker's Island. -Osborn, Cusblng and Co. 27\. Roxburgh Castlo, B.s., 1,121, O, Blnsdalo, London. -W. P. WhltoandOo. SO. Lawrence, B. b., 809, R. Salmon, Mauritius.-B. and P. Turnbull. July. 2\. Guadnlete, B. b., 277, G. A. Finloy, Dunedin, N.Z. \- Joshua Brothors. 2\. lto'Iif, B. s, 060, J, Borby, Tutocorum.-Clovo Brothers anti Co. 2\. Amaroo, B b., 80S, A. Ozior, Mauritius.-Bright Blethers aud Co. ' 2\. Jeanie Oswald, B. b., 212, T. Devine, Timor. — Young and Martin. 2\. Ford -his, F. b, 801,0. Delasetto, Sydnoy.-Ourclor andAdet. < , , 2\. Hussar, A. s., 721, A. Howland, Dunedin.-Dodil and Tnomson. . ' , . i . 3\. County of Lanark, B. b., 498, J. H. Jenkins, Java. 3, Golden St.uth, B. s., 970, II. Faithful], Point da .Gallo.-Bright Brothers and Co. ' I 8 Utlnia,B.B, 1,225, J.W. Boyd, Callao.-Mlchaolísj Bov d, and (Jo. 0\. 1'uot.), H. h., 888, T. Kalckloser, Otago.-Woolley and Nephew. 0\. Wave of Lite, B. s., 887, J. Lawson, London. Balg 8\. Aucklard, B, s.s., 632, F. D. Gibson, Sydnoy.-a Lewis and Co 11\. Fastern Empire, B. ß., 1,762, J. O. Ferguson, Cal- cutta.-Bright Brothers and Co. I 11\. Fciintsa, B. b, 880, J, Bsaton, Guam.-Joshuti Brothore. ' 33\. Clutha, B. s., 1,200, J. Davies, Guam.-Holmes,. ' IVhltc, nnd Co. < J i i 13\. FianceB Henty, B. b., 432, A. Cairncross, Twofold» . Boy.- S. G. llpnty. ' 14\. Cantero, B.b. 810, W. Walters, Hobart Town. Tondeur and Co. I 34\. Madras, B. B.S , 008, J. R. Stead, Sydney.-J.| 11 Sparkes. ' 16\. Melbourne, B. s, 601, J. "Cameron, Manilla.-i . > Miller and Johnston i 16\. Wellesley,, n. s., 1,018, J. Smith, London.-W. Pi White and Co. 37, Aipo, S. b., 641, F. Wyborg, Callao.-KatzenBtola old Co. I l8. Bates FunHy, B.B.. 2,154, W. Hogg, Bombay. Bright Brothers ana Co. j l8. Onward, 1). b., 818, F. O. Krcoft, Dunedin.-Lort ? mer, 'Marwood, and Co. ' ' l8, St. Louis, F. e, 612, G. Equin, Otago.-Hayward; ?»ndCJo. *' ' I SO. Jacoha Cornelia, D. h., 461, H.|Ets, Batavia,-Clovo Brothers and Co. _ 31, .Constance. D. s., 604, M. Klmmerer, Batavia,- I . Dickson Williams, and Co. , S4. Fcrcit nichts B >., 1,164, J. B. Thomson, Guam. -Fright Brothers nnd Co. J 