. VICTORIA. TM« ambjoined «tiriin arc fro« the S. Je*. BrrmWt Melbourne laligrams t The WLM A. " Bombay *. stiled on Sunday, July JsSth, st taro p.m., with 77,000 ounoes gold end 64,000 wjrarrign». Mr. Michie waa elected for Polworth, by a majority of three orar Hr. Armytage. Meatuara are being bald to make arrange- ments for entertaining Sir Hsnry Barkly before he asaras the colony. Melbourne and Ballarat hare reaolred to giro a grand entertainment to his Excellency. Rumours are afloat that Ute " Victoria" steam-sloop will be placed at the Governor s tarrina, to ©ouray bim to Mauritius. The " Star of India" is in quarantine, twenty casi'« of ferer on board are reported. Seren death« occurred on the passage. The Administration now stand« weD in the House, with over tarty supportera, and a divided Opposition. The regûtratkm of electors is proceeding .lowly. The new electoral roll wül show a marked seUmg-etTou the old one. Hopes ara still entertained of the safety of tb* " Lord Raglan.*' The position of the burn- ing wreck seen one degree north of her being neared to tally exactly with that of two vessels fired by the American «hip ** Alabama," Captain We quote from the Melbourne Argu* aa follow. :_ UM subscriptions fora wedding-gift from the ladies of Victoria to H-H.H. the Princess of Walo* now amounts to £443 la. 6d. A storekeeper, named William Dickson Murrell, who lately murdered his wife at Bealiba, in a most shocking manner, by beating her to death, waa triad at Maryborough Circuit Court last week, found guilty, and eentenced to death. The thirteenth annual meeting of the share- holders of the City of Melbourne Oas and Coke Company waa held on the 22nd instant. The profits for the half- year amounted to upwards of £11,000, and allowed of a dividend being de- clared at the rate of eight per cent, per annum, and of the réserve fund being augmented to £27:000. The affair, of the company were declared to be sound and prosperous. Some months ago, there appeared in the Arytut an article descriptive of the kaolin works at Bulla Bulla. Thia article waa copied into a Staffordshire newspaper, and the facts mentioned induced two potters to leave the old country, for the purpose of trying their fortune in Aus i travia. On their arrival here, they proceeded to I Bulla, expecting to find a pottery established at .that place, but being disappointed in this expee f tation, and seeing there was no opportunity for .exercising the calling to which they had been 1 brought up, they turned tbeir arten rion to other bpursuits. The matter coming to the knowledge raaf Messrs. Reynolds and English, those gentle men hare taken the two emigrants into their slemployment, and propose commencing the ctaanuiaeture of earthenware at Brighton. One .nsf the producta of this experiments! factory, in inbe shape of a neatly-moulded cream-jug, was letrought under our notice the other day. It had ran ced only ax» tar aa tba ** biscuit " «tage ; : there ja no doubt that, when subjected to i glazing process, it will compare favourably fa Staffordshire «rare. There is no reason y all landa of earthenware should not be de in the colony. We hare an abundance of . raw material-material of auch a character t it does not require, like the English clays, addition of flint, felspar, or other vitreous rediente. All that we need is proper kind of our. We are told that Messrs. Reynolds and gliah are prepared to employ as many as j rty competent títaffordsliire hands, ii they ! be induced to come hither. At present we j tort every year earthenware to the value of ?,000 and upwards; but it appears that a tery once established on a proper footing the r articles could be produced here as cheaply tey can be obtained in the English market. n enormous seal was captured on the beach. Warrnambool lighthouse, a few days ago. eaaured nine feet in length, and weighed leen two and three hundred weight, nugget, weighing sixteen ounces, was fiat Forest Creek last week, where such p. hare been rare of late, j derer capture of George Lumley, «bo wrought before the City Police Court on tfcnd instant, on warrant issued at Dunedin, ctng bim with obtaining goods under false picea, seems to deserve especial mention. 1 tears that the amount of property alleged tee been thus obtained by Lumley is valued atut £1200 : and the warrant for his eppre tun had been issued at the instance of Hr. I Me, merchant at Dunedin. It had been asined tl tat Lumley had engaged a first - ohabin for himself and wife, under the nsof Lowrie, on board the " Bot burgh Cs' for London, and had paid £55 as de; but the omens not appearing stums, he did not venture to join the ship onng, and in consequence lost Iiis passage. Omnday last, »enior-oonstable Gooden otifationed at Queenscliff, boarded the ship ** anime," as she was passing through the Herom this port to Manila, in tue hope of Sm Porter amongst the passengers. Kot mei with that gentleman, he looked through the of persons on board, and seeing the nar/ Mr. and Mrs. Stewart as passengers, reqd to be introduced to them. He waa .hot m cabin where be saw Mrs. Stewart onljlere his professional acuteness could obst nothing suspicious, till his glance hapl to fall upon a light bat, with a black bsivnd it, which he instantly remembered wasitioned in the description of Lumley, appl to the warrant. He then noticed that the mal appearance of Mrs. Stewart pre ciserresponded with that of Lumley'a wife, whi known to be in bis company. He en quisr her husband, but not being able to get irrimie information from the ladv, went to <f the orneen of the ship, and told bim "Ittldn't do-they had a man on board that an ted, and they must produce him." t.*porch, fae found Mr. Stewart concealed in a eamd at once recognised him as the per- j son -med. ia the warrant. On examining the |rty in the possession of the prisoner and ife, £8(0 in sovereigns and watches, jewe Ar_, to the value of about £350, were diaoo] amonait their goods. The prisoner , and rife, wuh their effect», were at once transd to thepobee boat. An attempt was Bttdetehalf ot the prosecutor to withdraw tba Op, on ecadition of hi» restoring the i pnpebut Mr. Sturt declined to deal with ' the cand retnaried the prisoner to Dunedin, to awthe chargs. < ?netsency an organisation ot too » ic toriaat system rising been somewhat called I itt quoi, a maana of the Pilot Board wai held aUemetowma the 24th, to investigate the ctretencei of tr cate. They were thew : -On tth ui»tan»;he punt cutter "Corsair" stat ot» the Heat, ott her station, being under loommand f Mr. Pilot Deane, and with h Kenned« Eran*, and Organ on board, e weather ta described aa aometbinr awful ;. Terring and, chopping seas, and terrine am, combing to make the aspect of emu» ? unnlraasn indeed. At noon, the pilota «cited togctb, and decided that it wat tmpblr for the to hoard ships, while thor wohe taring stoat destruction br aee^WMitairle the eada any longer- They aeeorduanirnt inaifltand anchored abi last Short hm Bluff, wha the; remained safe though tHtotden So« " <a Black Bau liner), thebng "law." and tfcalot-boat "Bip" parted from tbeiblea, otriafo the rialenoe of the weather. . tour pat. e wind moderated tar a while, w%* tide waruhin an hour of fiood and ur nai fug tba sta nf the "Bm," it waa judged bj pflota m seaa to attempt to go ?-»rr1- aga They tattore remained whare they war* eight AUlf-past four pja_ on tíi* Mine «UT tlie *' True Btiton," one of Money Wigram end Son*' .Iii«, commanded by Mr. tt. II. Bews, which had bern driven ti «arl T to * »pe liptrap by the weather, bore un for the noaa*, but fin J lng nu pilot, bad to make *hift for tlie night a* well aa powùblr, norning in the nert morning. Captain Dawn htveunon thought th* pilot» were to blame in not keeping outside, tlieir absence haring endangered hi» «Tiíp, crew, and pawella ur«, and hr laid a complaint before ti.o Pilot Board, which wa* Hires fig«teil on Thurs- day. About the account given of tlie event* of th* day there waa no diner-mce in any of the eridenoe, but about the weather there were many conflicting opinion*. Captain Dawn said that at lialf-past four p.m., and from titra till dark be would lure risked lowering hi* boats, *o moderate wa» tlie weather, and ne wa* quite certain that the pilot-boat could have come out with ease. Captain Walker, of the "City of Melbourne," steamer, a*rrred with Ibis, but bore testimony to the perfect ton of the pilot sys- tem in Victoria. On the other side, the four pilota, the assistant lighthouse- keeper at Point Lonsdale, and thc signal-master at Shortland'» Bluff, declared that they had ncrer known such a sea, and that it wa* impossible for the Corsair to hare got outside the ll cad« against the flood tide. Tlie inquiry having been adjourned for the production of Captain Basra s log, tlie Board met again on Saturday, when, after sitting some time, the inquiry ended in a complete justification of the pilota concerned, according to tlie unani- mous opinion of thc Pilot Hoard. The Hoard decided, on Saturday last, that tile pilots in ques- tion were quite right to get into port during tlie terrible storm «ludí prevailed un the f>th instant ; and that, moreover, after running into port, they could not possibly have gone, to sea again thtit day. In reference to this «-ase, one more matter must be noticed-vir.., that awkward " Lightning Bock,*' which, standing right in the passage through the lirada, bids fair t-j give our port a bad natue, fur its inconvenience can only br likened to a deep hole in tlie centre of Bourke etnet, where the cabs are thickest. Captan Ferguson, thc harbour-master, has been frequent in hi» endeavours to move the Government in the matter, but without avail, though it is said il could he removed for £3<H)i>. In bringing his charge. Captain Iiawn said that though fae had run into this port nine times, he was afraid to pas» the Ueada this time witho-.ita pilot, because ne knew nothing of the green light on Point Lonsdale, nor of the exact bearings of this " Lightning Rock." At the Pilot Board ou Saturday, Captain Ferguson, the harbour master, exhibited an Admiralty chart, dated April, 1N63, with the Lightning Kock marked down, and a full account of the rock, and tlie report thereon of Commander Cox, R F, Admiralty Surveyor, which had been transmitted by himself to the A'amiieal Magazine, and published in the issue of March last. It will thus be seen that the proper authorities have not waited a moment ia TO*Vi"g the discovery public- The same journal mentions the fact so brought lo light in the jury report of the life boat«, as against two in New South Wales, and two in South Australia. The Arffta of the 27th instant states that the Srelimiiiaries of a sculling match between Mr. CCutcheon, of Victoria, and Slr. J. Kennett of Sydney, waa completed eotne time ago, bul the match'bas since fallen through. It apjtearsthat at the time the match was made. Mr. Bennett was barred from rowing in Professor Irving"9 boat, and that he afterwards sent to Sydney for M'Orath's. When titi» became known, Mr. M*Cutcheon declined to row, on the ground that M'Orath's boat is much faster th:iu any out- rigger which he could obtain, and hence the match will not take plaice. McGrath's boat ar- rived from Sydney on Saturday, and Bennett w:is out rowing in it. Tlie match was for thc ama- teur cliampionship of the Yarra. THE Arget announces the death of Mr. Simon Staughton, one of the early Yii'torian settler?, and one who |»ersonally and hy reputá- is well knou-u throughout the .tustnilian co- lonies. Hie event took place at four o'clock ou the morn mc of thc I Ki li. CcKEFOB PiECUQ-l'seriiosiA.-Mr. Gleeson I waited UJMMI the Town Council ? ?{ Belmont last ' Monday, with a sample of his specific against the prevalent disease in cuttle, wlúch he u:ider talcs to prove is an infallible remedy, and which ' he is ready to apply " free gratis for nothing." : The medicament appears to lie a combination of 1 regetahle substances, miied with lard or some ' oilier uuctious ingredient, of & very oflensire ; smell, and of a dark colour. (>n this subject we are jiersuadci tliat couunon table silt, or bay : salt, given to rattle daily with their food is not j only a cure, but of far greater iuuiortiincc, a per- i feet preventive to the disease of the lungs, hy ; purifying the animal's blood, and imparting ' a larger quantity of oxygen to it. the deficiency j I of which element in the blood is the <-ausc of the murrain.-Orrlong Chronicle, May 16. j The summary of gold-miuing statistics of t I Victoria for March, issued from the Mining De- I partaient, shows a total mining population of all ' classes of 229,007, of whom tsT.yyá were miners, j 50,081 Europeans and 22,037 Chínete were en- j gaged iu alluvial mining, aud 15,717 Kuroj-<ean Ï and 159 Chinese in quartz. In alluvial mining | there were employed 323 engine* of 5300 horse | power, 4101 puddling machines, .r»tó whims and , pullets, 217 whips, 173 dorse pumps, 757 sluices i and toms, 31« water « heels, 26 hydraulic hos», j 3 derricks, and 351)0 sluice boxes. Hie machin- . cry employed in quartr mining consisted of V*2 i engines of b'21G horse power, 55 crushing machines, 232 »hims, 1 pulley, 27 water wheels, 3 derricks, and 50 whijis. Thc approximate value of all mining plant »as i'l.tSti'.Ijfl, and thc nutnlier of square miles aetuallv worked upon 754 J.-Age. His Danish Majesty has raised Dr. Frederick Mueller, F.K.S., to the honour of knighthood of the order of Danuehrog. Dr. Mueller was a former subject of Denmark, »nd prior to his coming to Australia he tuade a botanical eurvrv of Danish territory, extending over a scries of years. "The "Julia Farmer," with a cargo of alpacas, was appointed to leave thc port of Tocopilla for Melbourne, not later than the2ftth May. The loss in marching the animals down to the coast was considerable, hut a go.xl num- ber of lambs liad been dropped and carried down, which would keep up the numbers pro- posed tu be shipped. The French authorities, and several mercantile firms, had applied to the Peruvian and Bolivian Governments for per- mission to export these animals, but were re- fused. lt seems that the sole right lo that privilege rests exclusively with Mr. Duffield, to the limited extent of lS<k). One of the chief objc-tions made to the intro- duction of Chinese immigrants to Australia has bas been that only males come, the women being left at home. One or t wo Chinese w omen only are to be found in the clotty. lite ** almond- ey ed " race, however, at List began to think tltat tlie weaker sex might be brought over, and various proposals have been male by them for the introduction of wives, or "single fe- males," from China. Among a number of Celestials who lauded on Wednesday afternoon at Sandridge was a Clónese lady and an interest- ing little girl, about seven years of age, The men, who appeared to belong to a better cuss than usually come here, liad for themselves a number of cabs. The lady and child were ac- commodated with a close carnage, drawn by m couple of greys. When the luggage .nu all ready, a signal was given, and the »bole party, beaded by the carriage that con- tained their lair companions, started off at a rapid pace for town- A. gentleman «bo was among the crowd watching the landing, very courteously handed the ladies up the steps of j the pier, and saluted them in the caLii and philo- sophical manner of their countrymen. The elder of the two appears to be about eighteen or 1 twenty, and in a Chinese |>oint of view w ill, doubtless, be pronounced handsome- She is the wife of a Chinaman who has made mooes- in the land of his adoption, and wist returned to the flowery land for the express object of bringing ber to his new home. 