VISIT OF HIS EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR TO BALLAARAT. THE RECEPTION. The welome accorded to his Excellency the Go vernor bv the people of Ballaarat, on Tuesday, was such as the Sovereign herself might feel proud of. All classes and conditions of society turned out lo greet his Excellency. Loyalty was in a state of fermentation, and could scarcely be restrained within bounds until the arrival of the half-past three o'clock train with his Excellency and suite. True, the weather was sufficient to damp the ardor of the loyally disposed, as a fleeting shower now and then reminded the patriotic of the variableness of our Australian climate, but in spite of this drawback, everybody seemed determined in vicing with every body else in according to the representative of our Tacious Sovereign a right hearty welcome, not only because he was the representative of royalty, but in consequence of the upright and impartial manner_ in which his Excellency has administered tho affairs of the colony whilst resident amongst us. The day was kept a close holiday, shops, stores, and drapery establishments were closed at one o'clock, and the town appeared in rich holiday garb, with flags flaunting from tho house-tops and public edifices. Business generally was suspended, testifying so far as that was concerned tho respect iu which Sir Henry Barkly is held in tho good old town of Ballaarat. A quiet stroll throngh the town in the earl} part of the day afforded a capital opportu nity of noting tho loyalty of our citizens. In Stnrt street a large flag was suspended from the window of the ollice of the Water Commission. At tho' Camp Hotel the flag of tho Early Closing As sociation fluttered proudly in tho breeze, with the motto Rezpicc 1'inem. On the gable cud at the same building floated a large ensigu. At the Union Hotel a St. Georgo's ensign waved from tho house top. Lester's Hotel was gaily decorated with ever greens. Thorn's drapery establishment was deco rated with a variety of bunting. The flag of the German nationality waved from tho top of Mr Soup's dyeing establishment. Tho two large flags floated from tho top of the Western Town Hall. Cobb and Co.'s corner was decorated with a pro fusion of hunting. Tho establishments of Wallace Brothers and Mr D. Jones were decked with sundry flags and banners, conspicuous amongst whicli was the roval standard of England, which floated from the top of the latter's establishment. The Theatro Royal, Robson's, and the Western Fire Brigade ITnnpn mam oil flnnlrpfi in Imlulnv ni.firrt. In Arm Strong street, Messrs Hunt and Opie hoisted a large roil, white and blue flag on tho top of their foundry. Flags were also hoisted on tho Town Hall Hotel, the Edinburgh Castlo Hotel, and at tho coach-building establishment of Messrs Lever and Co. Mr A. C. Krrr displayed a variety of bunting ; and Mr Stokes, chemist, a red, whito and bluo flag. Messrs Wil liams and King exhibited the Danish national flag on tho outside of their establishment. In Mair street, Messrs M'Cartney and Aldred displayed a variety of parti-colored bunting. In Lydiard street, flags were hoisted on the St. Mungo Hotel, on tho Welsh Harp Hotel, and on the Georgo Hotel. In front of the Telegraph Office tho Union Jack floated proudly on the breezo. Tho Colonial Bank displayed several flags, Craig's Royal Hotel was decorated with the Union Jack, which floated from tho watch tower. Several small (lags were displayed at Stoney's Old Houso at Homo. The ' George' floated in front of Christ Church, Lydiard street. In Bridge street several establishments were decorated with evergreens. Tho Buck's Head Hotel was conspicuous for a gay display of flags of all nations. The Alexandra Hotel, the Cofleo Mart belonging to Mr Jones, and M'Caffsrty's Hotel also displayed their banners. At Broadbent Brothers, Mr Chard's, the fruiterer, Messrs Drury and Wright's, and Mr Sternfeld's furuituro warehouse, large flags and banners fluttered in the breeze. The Fountain Head Hotel, Messrs Wayne and Briud's, and Mr Draper's establishments also wero nicely decorated with banners. M'Laren's Hotel, Mr Farley's china shop, tho Exchange Hotel, Mr Gibhing's horso re pository, and tho Earl of Zetland Hotel displayed a variety of bunting. The Exhibition Mart was pro fusely decorated with banners, and across tho way Mr White, jeweller, had a like display. From the top of St. Paul's Church tower floated tho Union Jack, and hard by, on the Danish Com pany's claim, fluttered the Dannebrog. On Weber's Phconix Hotel was the flag of tho free city of Ham burg and tho English ensign ; higher up, on the same building, floated the flag of the Ballaarat Turnperein. On the top of the Ballaarat Fire Bri gade engine houso was the St. George's ensign and in a lower portion of tho building tho banner of the brigade. On the Eastern Town Hall various Bri tish ensigns were hoistod from an early hour in the day. Lower down the main road, the Great Bri tain Hotel, tho Charlie Napier Theatre, Messrs Nokes and Hawkins', and other buildings, displayed their colors. The Llunberis and other raining sompanics also hoisted their pennants, and the town generally appeared in rich holiday attire. The Chinese turned out in hundreds. Everywhere they thronged the streets. Ono of them, on being asked what ho thought of the Governor, said, ' Him Governor good man, wory good man ; me like the Governor, and me like tho Queen ; both wery good indeed.' The Chinese wero loud in their manifestations of loyalty. About one o'clock a largo crowd of persons and carriages wero ob served coming up the Main road. In tho front of the cortege vas a gaily decorated coach, drawn by four horses, in which was a part}7 of Chinese musi cians. Then followed six coaches, each drawn by two horses, in which were the leading members of the Chinese community, conspicuous among whom was Mr Ah Koon, the Chinese interpreter, who, mounted on a grey charger and arrayed in ' bell topper ' and black suit, led the corlii/e. This pro cession turned by way of Barkly street to Golden Point, with gongs beating and other musical instru ments sounding, until its arrival in China Town, where head ruler, and doctors and interpreters got into some of tho carriages. The procession having been re-formed, iiurlo its way for iii'j railway station, headed by Ah Koon and i\x horsemen; tho noisy band aforesaid appearing to tickle tho fancy of tho youngsters of the town more espe cially. At two o'clock the bugle of the Ballaarat Volunteer Rangers sounded to arms from the Camp Hill, while tho shrill trumpet of the cavalry reminded the members that it was time to look to their saddle girths. Both corps mustered with commendable alacrity, and wero put through a little preliminary drill after falling in. At three o'clock the cavalry, under tho command of Captains Burton and Sherard, had mustered thirty four strong. Tho Ballaarat Volunteer Rangers under tho command of Major Wallace, Captains Campbell and Drury, and Lieutenant Strachan, mustered 150 strong, including the band. Both corps wero marched to the railway terminus, where they took up appropriate positions ; tho foot within the terminus building and tho cavalry outside. The members of both municipal councils hero waited until the arrival of the train. They were accom panied by tho hon. C. J. Jennor, one of tho members for the province, Mr R. B. Gibbs, Mr E. A. Wynno, and several others of our most prominent citizens. Tho band of the Ballaarat Volunteer Rangors now struck up a lively air, and when completed a long line of steam Warrenheip-way heralded tho approach of the train. The large crowd of spectators that now thronged the station both within and without, pressed on our gallant volunteers, and the police, under Mr Kabat, had plenty to do to keep an opening for his Excellency to emerge from the station on his arrival. In a few minutes the train was alongside. The engine was decorated with sundry tiny banners, and on his Excellency being recognised, a long and loud cheer was uttered by the multitude. The Rifle Rangers presented arms on his Excellency alighting from the train, the band struck up the National Anthem, and another cheer — loud and long — greeted tho representative of royalty. His Excellency was next led to a carriage and pair provided for his use. His suite, composed of Bri gadier General Chute, his aide-de-camp, Captain Richardson, Captain Bancroft, and Mr Wadsworth (private secretary to his Excellency), wore provided with another vehicle. In the carriage with his Ex cellency rode the chairmen of the two councils. On the way to Craig's Royal Hotel, something like a procession was formed, the Rangers, with their band playing a lively air, led tho way, and were followed by a detachment of tho cavalry. Noxt followed the carriage with his Excellency's suito, and after that the cai-riago with the Governor brought up with a detachment of the cavalry. The Chinese procession followed with their instruments as noisy and discordant us ever. Tho street on each side as far as Craig's Royal Hotel was crowded with people in holiday attire, who cheered his Ex cellency lustily. The balcony of the George Hotel was crowded with a host of ladies, who waved their snowy handkerchiefs and vied with those below in the display of loyalty. On his Excellency alighting at Craig's Royal Hotel another loud huzza rent the air. A largo number of deputations wero then intro duced to his Excellency who gave .suitable replies to the several valedictory addresses they presented. Tin: hanqvet. The banquet to his Excellency was laid in tho hall of tho Mechanics' Institute, ami was the first spread in that elegant and spacious room since its decoration. ' Tho caterer wus Mr Brown of tho Earl of Zetland Hotel, and we do him but common justice when we say that we never saw a better cold colla tion served up in Ballaarat. There were four tallies running the whole length of the hall, save tho space occupied at tho north end by a cross table on a raised dais for the principal gue-ts of the evening. At tho back of tho raised table was a green baizo screeir, over which was built a trophy of flags, tho Royal Standard in the centre being flanked by tho Union Jack and the l^annchrog. All tho seats were coverod with green baize, and the tables, in addition to the artistically arranged viands ami utensils wero decked here and there with bouquets of flowers. The band of the rifle corps was iu attendance, and played during tho evening. Mr Daniel Oliver acted as toast master and as leader of a band of gleo singers, comprising Messrs A. Oliver, P. Cuzaly, and the Messrs Miller, who sang in excellent stylo a selection of glees during the evening. Mr R. Lewis, C.M.C.B., occupied the chair, having on his right hand his Excellency Sir H. Barkly, Acting Captain Sherard, Mr Clissold, Captain Bancroft, Mr J. Baker, Captain Burton, Mr Jennor, M.L.C., and MrLockett; and on his left hand Major-General Chute, Mr R. B. Gibbs, Major Wallace, Captain Richardson, and Messrs Wadsworth, L:uig. Fisken, and liankin. Over 200 gentlemen sat down to din ner, including nearly all the leading public men, professional men, and merchants of the town and district. His Excellency entered (he room soon after seven o'clock, aud was received with loud cheers, the band playing ' God Save the Queen.' The Rev. Mr Pottor said grace, and when tho heavier portion of the feast had been discussed, tho toast master called upon the guests to charge their glasses. The usual loyal toasts ' The Queen,' and ' Tho Prince of Wains and the Royal Family,' having been drunk with hearty cheers, The Chairman rose and proposed ' The Gnest of the Evening.' (Loud and prolonged cheers.) He spoke as follows : — The time has arrived when the connection between his Excellency and this colony must terminate, aud the citizens of this important town aud district could not allow him to leuve tho country without ''expressing, in the most marked manner, their esteem and regard for his Excellency personally (cheors), and their conviction that he has wiolded tho authority committed to him by our bo loved Sovereign with wisdom and justice, and acted his high and important part under a souse of duty to our Queen and country. (Cheers.) Popular ap plause is not always of real virtue ; but when n man has finished his task, when he is returning from hig field of labor, when ho is going away to return no more, when no ono lias anything to gain by him, then, if he carries away with him the tribute of a people's praise, he certainly has good proof that he has deserved well of his country, and that ho haa shown himself a good man and true. (Cheers.) Such is tho reward which now falls to tho lot of his Ex cellency, and we are hero to express our conviction that with great difficulties to deal with, he has been a most successful Governor, and proved himself to he a mau of high principle and superior ability. (Cheers.) Sir Henry Barkly entered upon the go vernment of the colony at a tinio when more than ordinary ability and zeal for public good wero required in a govoruor. Conflicting interests had to bu reconciled, opposing elements had to be fused and moulded into ono. Iniportaut social interests, just struggling into existance, had to he fostered and confirmed. All this Sir Henry Bnrkly has success fully accomplished during the period of his govern ment. We cannot but feel his task has been no easy one, when wo remember the vast stream of population which flowed into this colony a few years ago from so many different sources. All classes of society, rich and poor, good and bad, edu cated aud ignorant, gave us contributions from their ranks. All countries in tho world, with all their varieties of thought, habits, education, aud prejudice, wero represented. Adventurers from all parts of the world, attracted by tho never- failing talisman of gold, selected Victoria as the land of their adoption. The social condition arising from such a mixed popu lation was not easily to he dealt with ; aud again, when w J reflect on the state of society which of nece! s. ty exists in now gold-fields, wo cannot fail to perceive how great was tho work Sir Henry Barkly had to grapplo with. (Cheers.) In new countries, espe cially on new gold-fields, every man is very apt to do that which appears right in his own eyes. The restraints and influences of civilisation in old coun tries are wanting. A great many people feel liko boys lot loose from school, and are bont oa having their own way in the new atmosphere of liberty ; tho rosult of this is disorder, insubordina tion, crime, and misery. To reduco this chaos to order, to briug these discordant elements under the salutary influences of civilisation and religion, and to eoinbino them in ono woll-arranged healthy society was no easy task. Yet this has been accom plished during the poriod that Sir Henry Barkly has been Governor of Victoria, and I believe wo all feel that no small part of tho success which has attended this work is duo to him. His has been tho hand to hold the balance between opposing in terosts and conflicting parties, and whilst doing this, with an enlightened judgment and strict impar tiality, in my opinion, which I may say is tho echo of the opinion of this district, he has never gone be yond the bounds of a strictly constitutional Governor. (Loud cheers.) Ho has been tho foremost to dis countenance class feuds and religious prejudices. He lias ever been forward in promoting the welfare of those religious and benevolent institutions without which no country can 'rosper and no society can hold together. Ho has thrown tho influence of his position and character into tho scalo in support of those moral, literary aud scientific movements by which tho tono of tho public mind is enlarged and elevated ; and owing in a great measure to that in fluence we, who woro a few yours ago a moro collec tion of atoms of the great family of mau, without any apparent bond of union, are- fust becoming fused into a well organised and civilised community. It is bocauso wo believe that Sir Henry Barkly ban greatly contributed to this result that we feel called upon to do him honor at his departure, and because he has united us in closer ties to our Queen and the Government of England, by doing his duty to tho country that sent him forth, and tho country he camo to govern. (Cheers.) Let us hope that success and prosperity may attend the future career of his Ex cellency (cheors), and that he may long live to serve the vjueen aud the people of England the samo as he has served them here. May England long con tinue to send forth to all her colonies, men like Sir Henry Barkly, animated by tho same principle, and steady devotion to duty — ' Till in all lands and through all human story, The path of duty is the way to glory.' And now, Sir Henry Barkly, allow mo, with all sin cerity and earnostness to assure you that wherever you may go, or whatever path an All-wiso Provi dence may mark out for you, both you and Lady Barkly will carry with you tho affoctionato re gard and esteem of tho people of Victoria and of this district in particular. (Loud and continued applause.) Tho toast was drunk with enthusiasm. His Excellency, ou rising to respond, was greeted with enthusiasm, and when the cheering had ceased ho proceeded to respond to the toast, and to tho fol lowing effect : — 'Mr Chairman and Gentlomon — I should bo cold indeed, and impervious to the or dinary emotions of human nature, if I was not grate ful from tho very bottom of my heart for the enthu siastic- reception which you have given me to-day. (Cheors.) I knew full well that Bulluarat did not do things by halves. I felt assured that if I came beforo you you would givo me a cordial welcome ; but I was not prepared, I confess, for such a leave taking as this which you have now displayed. It so happened that your chairman, Mr Lewis — who has all.ulod to me in flattering — in too flattering terms — (Cries of 'No, no.') Mr Lowis wus tho first to call upon me in Melbourne after intelligence had arrived of my transference to tho Government of the Mauritius, and- he said that my friends in Ballaarat would expect to seo me onco moro before I went away, and I said I would endeavor to make arrangements to be hero. I thought then that it would only involve tho ex change of civil addresses, but when I found that Ballaarat intended to do mo honor by a public banquet I thought it impossible to avoid acceding to your invitation. I thought also that in visiting ono of tho principal gold-fields of tho colon}', I should mark my respect for, that grout mining in terest to which Victoria mainly owes her pros perity. (Cheers.) There are somo who think that the palmy days aro past, and tho yield of gold re duced, and that iu a few years hence the export of gold will cease to be so great. But I do not think so : and I may, perhaps, bo excused mailing n few passing allusions to the prosperityof Victoriu as a mining community. (Cheers.) At first there were those who predicted that the gold discovery would bo a serious evil to the colony, and perhaps they would be justified by the history of the Spanish con. 'quest of Mexico and Peru, but they altogether failed to understand the Anglo- Saxon chnnictcr, and the immense ndvnntuges of free institutions. (Cheers.) Twelve years have passed now since the gold discovery first look place, and there would be no man daring enough to say that the results of that discovery were a curse instead of n blessing. No one will venture to compare the Victoria of 1S51 with the Victoria of 1SG3. If there is such a per son I :ulvise him to put himself in the train upon the magnificent railway to Ballaurat, which has been constructed by capital loaned on the security of the gold produce of the colony. 1 would ask him to ?walk in the magnificent streets of Ballnarat, founded on the substantial treasures of tho earth beneath them. I would ask him to look over this fertile agricultural district, and if he were not satisfied, I would invite him to look at tin? returns of some of your large mining adventures — of the Cluck Hill Company, for instance, with its rate of from twenty to thirty per cent, profit on the capital invested. (Cheers.) I would take him to the deep claims, with their produce — some of them — of gold to the amount of £100,000 a year, and tell him of the confidence shown in your mining adventures by your partnerships of fifty years1 duration in anticipation, and I would also point to your prices current, to show tho confi dence which your business men have in mining , shares. (Cheers.) I might further show him that the aggregate amount of gold this year, 00,000 or 70,000 ox, exceeds tho produco during the first six mouths of last year, and this would, at all events, seem to agree with tho last paragraph of the report of the mining commission, which expresses confi dence in tho continued prosperity of the mining interest. (Cheers.) But oven if it were otherwise — if thero wrs a yr.idual exhaustion — it would be better to look things in the face. However, hitherto, the gold discovery had been one of our greatest blessings, and if it wcro properly used would continuo to be so. Wherever wo look wo see roads and bridges and the progress of agricul tural settlement ; tho far distant interior has been explored, and 88 successfully that a gentleman ro eently informed me that he had found llocka of Blieep depasturing within 120 miles of the Gulf of Carpentaria. And all this has been duo to tho dis ' covery of gold, which has been an unmingled and unmitigated blessing. (Cheers.) If the wise policy of the Legislature of the colony, which has in tho past done so much (in spite of party and other obstruc tions) for the good of tho colony, shall ho persevered in, the prosperity of Victoria will still continue, and Balluurat will always largely share in that prosperity bceauso of her unrivalled xesources. Ballaarat has had tho good fortune to have in her public offices men of intelligence and energy, who have well ?watched her interests ; and the fertility of tho dis trict is another of her sourcos of wealth. I must now take my formal leave of you, and I assure you that I shall always remember tho kindness I have received at your hands. Your kindness has beon no mere summer fancj-, but it has adhered to mo 'through goud report nnl through evil report. (Loud cheering.) This is shown in your feting me now, ' when I have nearly arrived at the Ia3t moment of my stay, and when, as your chairman said just now, you have nothing to expect from me as a new governor. I feel that this honor you show me is not shown to me personally, but to the Government I have the honor to represent. (Cries of ' No, no.') ,, After all, it is not much that any constitutional .governor can do, either for the good or evil of a ?colony. The conduct of the people of Ballaarat is highly creditable to them, and I am sure that whon my successor comes they will pay him equal honor — first as the representative of her Majesty, and then to himself. Sir Charles Darling will bo able to ap preciate the demonstration of respect you have shown to me, and will endorse tho aphorism of tho .Scotch poet who says — , ' 'Tin good to be merry iiud wise, 'l'U jroud to be houutit and truo ; 'l'is good to be oil' wi' the mild love Before you are on wi' the new.' The conclusion of his Excellency's spoech was greeted with loud and long continued applause. Mr J. B. Huiuffrny, M.L.A., then proposed 'The . Army, Navy and Volunteers,' and said he would be surprised if any of the British community was backward in responding to such a toast. The navy of England was tho first in tho world, and he thought tho volunteers of Ballaarat had shown they were not behind those of England, or any other ' colony. The army and navy of England had always done their duty, and always would do so. ? There was one thing his Excellency could report to her Majesty, and that was the unraistakable loyalty of the people of this colony — not a mere verbal ex i pression of loyalty, but actual demonstration in ? deeds, as was evidenced just now in tho volunteer ?i ing to maintain the Queen's authority in New Zea ? land. He would therefore call cu them to respond heartily to the toast. (Cheers.) Thetoast was drunk with all the honors. Major-General Chute, in responding for tho army, ? ? congratulated the people of Ballaarat in having so i efficient a local corps. From what he had seen that day of the volunteers, ho could say they were second to 'none in tho colony. (Cheers.) That, no doubt, was in a great measure due ty the efficiency of their officers. (Cheers.) Major Wallace responded on behalf of the volun . teers, and was very heartily received. He said he ? had great pleasure in responding to the toast, for he had been connected with the volunteers ever since ? their establishment in the colony. It had been said ? they were expensive, and perhaps they were ; but they hud never hud till now an opportunity of show ing their value. But now they had ; and he was sure they would show it. The whole Ballaarat corps had offered to go with him to New Zealand, and he was sure that, if they did go, they would come back with credit. (Cheers.) He would have been glad of twelve months' leave to go to New Zealand, and numbers of volunteers, if thoy could be spared, would be glad to go. (Cheers.) Ho was sorry they were not to have that luxury — for ho might call it a luxury, instead of being cooped up hero in Ballaarat. Bnt it was not to bo so, and they must he satisfied and do their duty here. (Cheers.) MrF. Young, chairman of the Eastern Municipal Council, and vice-chairman of tho banquet, then proposed, ' The Executive Council and Parlia '. meut of Victoria.'' Tho toast was drunk with demonstrative in terest. Mr Jenner, M.L.C., in responding on behalf of the Legislative Council, regretted that no other members of the Council were present, bnt remarked that they would have the opportunity of meeting his Excellency ill Melbourne, and that tho Laud Bill wus expected from the Assembly. He would ? not moot any great political questions there (hear, hear), as they often led to differences of opinion. It was -not long since Hocks and herds roamed over the spot where Ballaarat now was, and Vic toria was fast becoming a great country. As the popu lation of Europe increased so would immigration . hither increase. He had travelled over a great part of tho world but never had seen a place equal to Victoria. Ours was the best wool, wheat, and wine, and if we could but keep the present Governor and Ministry in office peace and prosperity would bo ours. (Cheers.) The present. Ministry meant to do right, and were worthy of tho support of every honest man in the colony. (Cheers.) A more honest, faithful, and pious Governor than Sir Henry Iturkly we never had (cheers), and his name would ever live in our memory, (Cheers.) Wo would have pleasure in seeing him again, and though too late now to regret his departure, he trusted that before long there would be petitions generally signed, praying for his return. (Cheers.) Every member of tho Legislative Council would agree to that, and on behalf of the Council he begged to ro turn thanks for the toast. (Cheers.) Mr Humffr.iy, in the absence of Mr Gillies, re sponded for the Legislative Assembly, and was un derstood to say that if the action taken by tho Assembly merited public approbation, he wan glad it hud met with the approbation of tho public. Mr Pope, M.L.A., in response to calls for him, nuid he was not prepared for a speech, and would, therefore ' cut it short,' by thanking them for the English manner in which they had received the English toast. He. hoped that his Excellency TConld bear away with him the remembrance that our little quarrels about privilege and what not in the House showed that wo were chips of the old block, and that the Parliament was a tolerably fair refiVctioii of the feelings and opinions of tho people of the colony. He trusted also that the people would see to it, that by honenl and earnest minded men they maintained that position for all time to come. (Cheers.) A number of other toasts were proposed and re sponded to, after which the Governor left tho room, and the assembly broke up. Unpleasant Quarters.— The Viclexbury Whig of the 21st of April says :— ' We owe our readers an upology for the scarcity of reading matter in this morning's paper. The shells from tho Yankee bat tery across the river burst ko close to our office ' yesterday that the printers could do but little work.' 