VICTORIAN MEMS. Tho Ministry have resigned. H e -adverse vote on tho repudiation motion arising out oftiieonce proposed alteration in the rates of assessment ol 111ns bailed to-tirisjjfefk' * Tho Sale correspondent of the Gipp's Land Guardian, in describing the royal mamago rejoicing, remarks upon tho fact that, amid all. tho . display, there were'no Danish flags. Two very sufficient reasons are, howfever, : assigned for the omission,, first—the good folks did not know what (he Danish flag was; and, second—liad no materials for making it if they did. In default of bunting, it is related that TJr. George Biutoul, the farrier, hung up his working apron and two gay-colored silk handkerchiefs, the effect of which is "described as having been " very pleasing and respeetablo." Mr. Paekctf, tho butcher, Ecwcd a large scarlet diamond in the middle of n tablecloth, " and you would have been surprised lo have seen what a capital Hag it made." The Kyneton Guardian appends to a notice of the vital statistics of tlio district, tho following: " As an instance of tho rapidity wilh which this portion of Victoria is becoming peopled, we may state, upon our own authority, that a young man, 34 years of age, had bis thirteenth child presented to liim tho other day." The advertisijment- in the Mail for " women's men by Mi*. • Carter, of Fryer's Town, has Jed to many iokcs. Not the least amusing of these is the follow- A day or two after the notice appeared, seventeen tali, athletic puddlers entered the advertiser's shop, and, ranging themselves " till in a row," declared themselves devoted admirers of tho fair sex, and ready for engagements. They were informed that, in cordwainers' parlance, a " woman's man" meant one who can make ladies' boots, not a swain in search of o wife. So scarce in tliia colony are artisans of the kind in question that up to tho present time, wo believe, scarcely a person has come forward to acceptthe liberal wages offered by the above enterprising tradesman.— M. A. Mail. Proceedings are being taken against John Porter, lately manager of tho Provident Institute, for his share in (he tran6actione which led to that institution's insolvency. We understand that a warrant for apprelicnsio'n lias boon issued by tho Melbourne Bench, in which he is charged with conspiring to defraud. He is described as being of medium build, about 53 or 51 years of age, 5ft lOin or 5It llin in height, of a sallow complexion, with grey hair r.ud grey busy whiskers worn all round, the Dice. He is Eaid to have left Melbourne. Mr. Glccson informs us that he tried liis specific for tho prevention and euro of pburo-pnemnouia on 1100 head of cattle, at Murgheboluc, about six weeks ngo, 60me of the beasts being at the time very badly diseased. He odds that not one death lias occurred sinco. Ho visits Rokewood on Thursday next.— Geelong Advertiser. The Geelong journal says :—In noticing the fact lately that the great Fisbeiinon—the best horse of hie time iu England—was located north of tho Wcrribec, drew attention (0 tile effect tliatit would have on the comparative merits of liorsoB bred in other districts. Itnow gives us much pleasure to announce that the old Portland Bay district, from whence EO many winners hail, has just made the acquisition of a horse that will do much to retain tho prestige of thut 6idc of (ho country. " The Hermit," winner of the 2,000 guineas aiid scrcral other great races in England ' now located at Digby. «• The Hermit" is described a beautiful dark bay, with black points and stnnds sixteen hands one inch ; I10 is believed to be tho most powerful and likewise the best performing horse that ever crossed the equator, "Fisherman" only excepted. Sir Charles Darling was born in 1309 ; he is, therefore, six years older than our present Governor. His father (tho late Major-General H C. Darling) was fur some time Governor of llarbadocs, and his mother •as the eldest daughter of a former Governor of (he Bahama Islands. Sir Charles Darling entered the _.'1UV in 1826. He was aide-de-camp to his uncle, the late" Sir Ralph Darling, Governor of Now South Wales, from 1829, to 1833, and he also acted for some time at Sydney as assistant military secretary. In ISi-l he retired from the military service, as captain. I11 1814, he was appointed agent-general of immigration at Jamaica ; and in 18i7 ho was created Licutcnnnl-Qovcrnor of St. Lucia. From 1851 lo 1851, Sir Charles Darling held the'post- of Lieutenant- Governor of the Capo of Good Hope. In 185-1* ho as appointed Govcrnor-in-Cliief of Antigua and the Lcoward Islands ; but before he could proeccd thither ho was made Lieutenant-Governor of Newfoundland. In 1857 ho was transfer-od from Newfoundland to Jamaica, as Captain General and Govcrnor-in- Chief of the Dependency; and last year ho proceeded to England as Commissioner for Jamaica at the International Exhibition, and receivedfrom the hands of his Sovereign the distinction ofK.C.B. for "long and elTcctive sen-ices." Sir Charles Darling has had three wires, ne married the present Lady Darling in 1851.—Argus. On Sunday evening, a Chinaman was severely inured at Murdering Flat (fit locality) by a mon named Kyan. It appears that, the unfortunate Celestial was walking along with a lantern, when a European kicked out the light. The Chinaman remonstrated with the aggressor upon this unprovoked assault when the latter picked up a stone and threw it with great force at iho sufferer's head. The missile hit him in the eye, and it is doubtful whether he will not lose tho use of it,—Jlf. A. Mail. Long before tho Speaker took the cliair, on Tuesday, every placo in the chamber ^available for strangers was crowded by political quidnuncs -desirous of ascortaiuing tho position of tho crisis, and whether there was any foundation for any of the ,manv and contradictory rumors that have been in circulation since Friday last. For a short time they were kept in a state of suspense, on account of-some .formal business being proceeded wilh, but their pent up anxiety was soon relieved by Sir. O'ShanasEy announcing'tliat, iu consequence of tho adrerse vote of Friday last, he and his colleagues had tendered their resignation, and that Mr. M'Oulloch liad been sent for—announcements that wcro received with a few cries of " hear, hear." Mr. M'Culloch confirmed the statement -made "by Mr. O'Shunassy, and added, amidst cries of" hear, hear," that he had no doubl whatsoever that he wotdd be able to form an administration, and to enable him to do so ho asked that tho llouFe iniglit adjourn for a week. Mr. O'Shanassy having expressed liis desire to aiford the hon. member every facility to complete his arrangements, Snovcd that the House adjourn till Tuesday next, which was agreed to.—Melbourne Herald, The case of M'Gregor I'. M'Bean, which occupied the Court iu Melbourne three days, terminated on Tuesday last, in a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £1,500. At mid-day yesterday all idle speculations as to the next political cabinet-maker were set at rest by the announce that Ministers liad resigned and that Mr. M'Culloch hod been sent for. The "visionary forebodings melted in "airy nothing," nnd hs'tbe -coming man is' somewhat characteristically cautious he lias thought that tho better part of valor consists in dis cretion and declined lo communicate his intentions until (lie fullowing "day. 'It is somewhat remarkable that Morton's Hotel and otber places where aspirants for office mostly congregate have been notoriously deserted since this announcement became public. Information was received by tlie Inspector of Police that a thousand navvies would visit Sandhurst during tho day, to continue the riot commenced on Thursday last, and that they were determined to prevent the contractor's men from working on the Echuca line of railway. The Inspector having telegraphed to Melbourse Tor assistance, an intimation was received that his force would be reinforced by men from Melbourne, numboring altogether about 50, and that they would he turned out under arms. 4?ivc hundred special constables were laiinediatdy sworn in. Preparations were made between Sandhurst and Kangaroo Fiat to intercut the mob there, and to prevent their coming into the town, and it is rumored that the navvies have prepared to meet their opponents. The afternoon passed away without ilie navvies making their appearance, but information was received that they bad assembled-about 800 strong, -somewhere near the Porcupine (about ten miles from Castlemaine). They are probably detained there making^ "preparations. The afternoon Irani ^brought a reinforcement of poline from Castlcniaine. At 8 -there was no appearance of the rioters. The {own was' still in a state of cxcilement. SATX tie STATION.—Messrs. E. How and Co. report their having sold the Salisbaiy Plains station, on the Loddon Biver, with 3,^01 sferes of purchased land, cattle Und horses, for the sum of £7,500. Caplain White was the purchaser. .. . OC» MEMBER.—Mr. T. H. MC«le, incmber for Hie Hume, has been amongst his Albmy constituents for the last weet, »ni left; ypstiiKiay. / Wo Understand the inhabitants.of the Hume district, who -sre li™J R will be the gainers by lib visit In more tlian one r t- j " I 