THE Emigration movement in England, has most fortunately taken a tarn in favor of these colonies. Several of die leading colonists, who happen to be in the mother country, have stepped fomaid to relieve the distress: and. liave pointed out to the laboring classes more fertile iielfls for their jDdnsljT. ID peveral parts of Europe also, we find that attention has been specially directed to these colonies, and wie should not therefore, be surprised, if prompt and vigorous measures are taken by the government, to find a "Test infjnx of population in a vieiy short space of time. Hie recent news from England, informs us* tLat an influential meeting', bad taken place, of gentlemen, interested in die prosperity of tiiis colony, at irhicb it was proposed, to adopt, some organized plan of sssison^ eligible emigrants, from among the operatives in the cotton districts. Such assistance it was proposed, should cover die necessary outfit ftr #6 vopge, iita tbe meaJis of iEalii% the port of embarkation, and likewise make up the balance for assisted passages. It wasstated by Mr-Knight, that the meeting was called togetliei to lay before the Victorians in London the iiigencr of forming a society that would act in concert with our own scheme of immigration by affording assistance, and undertaking the necessary details connected with carrying out die intentions of the Legislature. Various arguments were used in favor of this colony, and the meeting filially adopted tlie following resolutions:— "That a society be lormed, to be called 'The i' Victorian Emigration Society,' the objec* " of which shall be specially to assist eligible "laborers, and generally to stimulate emigra- "tion to this colony." 4 sum of £5000 was also placed, by Mr Knight, the agent of this colony, at the service of tiia gentlemen directing the society, and a sum of £800 was collected before the meeting separated. The following resolution was proposed by Mr Saigood, and carried:—"With a view to '•'cany out the objects of the Society, a fond "be raised, which shall be specially applied "towards enabling emigtants to obtain tlie "requisite outfit and means of reaching the " port of embarkation, and, if necessary, to " make up the cost of a free passage." We conclude, therefore, that public attention in England is, at length, aroused to the necessity of drafting off some of the laborers from manufacturing districts, as the best means of relieving the distress of the labour- ing classes, who, periodically, have to face starvation in the old country. It is gratifying to observe that the claims of these colonies are being more fully recognised, and we have no doubt a more healthy stimulus will be given to foster emigration. Let the peculiar claims of Victoria be represented; let good agents be employed, whose duty it shall be to impart every information to intending immigrants "before i-ls -entering on their perilous voyage; and we have no doubt of the issue. The high rate of wages current in this colony must ever be a strong incentive to the working classes of. Great Britain; and, although a large influx of population may set in, and continue for several years, no doubt the rate will be somewhat higher than in the neighbouring colonies, and greatly in excess of any country in Europe. Besides, there is no scarcity of labor— for every man in these colonies who e can and will turn his hand to anything, who is able and willing either to plough or make roads, at a fair aad reasonable wage, can be sure of being always employed, and every man who will persevere for a few years, and be frugal in his mode of living, is certain of obtaining a competency. These things, surely, should be sufficient inducement to the working classes of England to at once exert themselves to reach our shores. Oar readers are doubtless aware that the Legislative Assembly have granted the sum of ilOOD, to aid in the celebration of the intelligence just received of the marriage of His Royal Highness tie Prince of Wales with the Danish Princess Alexandra. Eyneton should take measures to unite with other parts of the colony iu manifesting their loyalty and attachment to tlieir Sovereign- The latest accounts from the Coliban .Goldfields are very salisfactoiy. There are over 150 persons working there. One party recently had a crushing of stone which yielded upwards of six onnces to the ton. Oiimble and Pnllen's party are also getting some splendid stone. Mr Wilkinson purchased a share in the Star Company, for which he paid -£G0 ; he kept it for one week, and received £5 10 as his share during that period, wheu he sold it for ,£71, and it has been paying still better since. Mr McClure the other day sold half a share in Russell's Reef for £300 to Mr Begg, of Kyneton. Braithwaite's party are also doing very well: they are getting up much more powerful machinery than they had previously. Their last crushing yielded 4oz 2 1/2dwt to the ton. Mr Sibley purchased a share in No. 2 North claim on Monday last for £40. The alluvial diggings are also progressing very favorably. The bridge over the Coliban is fast approaching completion. Amongst the buildings now in coarse of erection, we see one by Mr E. Ross, of Cluny, and one by Mr Edward Walsh, and another by Mr Rosel, of Kyneton. On the whole, our informant thinks that these diggings were never in a more satisfactory state. A correspondent from the Blue Mountain Gold-field writes us as follows .—" Every day we have fresh accession to our numbers : at the very lowest computation, there must be over 3000 inhabitants on the ground. The diggings ate essentially a poor man's diggings, for eveiy man on the ground is able to make his ' tucker/ even supposing he uses nothing but a knife .and a tin pannikin. A new quartz ..reef has just" "been discovered, from which great things are expected. Tie stone already obtained frnm it loots promising, and at the very least will yield three ounces to the ton; experienced reefers say that as they-go lower the stone is sure to prove the richer. There are several puddling machines on tlie ground, which I believe, with one exception, are doing well; at any rate, they appear to be pretty well satisfied. We are getting chapels, churches, and hotels built in galore; and, in feet, all the buildings which are in conrse of erection at present are of a more substantial nature than formerly, which speaks volumes in favor of this being a lasting gold field. I see some of your. Eyneton storekeepers are commencing business here, besides several from Woodend and Malmsbmy. I may mention Messrs til lis, Crowe, and Hickey as doing very well. I wish that yon could get more frequent communication between this place and Eyneton; the Observer comes very irregularly. Could you not manage to get some better way of "sending at Out There are great complaints made as to this. Jones, your agent, isveiy much annoyed at the irregularity, as he says, if they could come anything like regular, lie conlddisposeof twice the'quanfcily. On Saturday last nearly £lS00 worth of (told was purchased by buyers from Castieruainc and Blackwood, who are now in regn!ar atbendai>ce. The jjriceobtaiiied is I Gspemunce. I feel certain the gold^eld -will prove one of tha largest* in : Victoria. Hie township is known by the name of Newbury, and a hotel isiri Conrse oF erection, to be called tbe Newbnry HoUi The presence of police is greatly required, for like all new gold-fields, where the" diggers are doing well, disorderly scenes of every descriptiop take place- 96 StodayllKtlW oft cye-iritness to a dis- graceful proceeding on the part of two men, who were fighting before a large crowd of people. The combatants were stripped almost to nudity. Thar respective supporters were laying heavy bets as to tbc result of the fight, Messrs Vivian and Co., of OasUemaine, have a crushing machine in course of erection. Among the buildings recently erected is Mr. Murray's Paviliou Theatre, and tlie performers are some of Byers and Bellfield particularly distinguished themselves on iiaturJay last iu Charles the Second and Slasher and Crasher, the, house being highly delighted throughout the performance." 