1ELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. (Per Orevillt and .Bird, Eeuter's Agenlt.) AEEI V AL ENGLISH MAIL AT ADELAIDE The Northam arrived at King George's Sound, and would leave at 10 o'clock on the night of the 8th inst. Passengers for Melbourne—Mr and Mrs Ronald, Major Stephen, Messrs Hayes, Dennison, Webstcr, Cook and Merson. For Sydney—Mrs Skottowe, Mrs Milford and two children, Mrs Anderson, Captain Glover, Mr McGuade and two sons, Mrs Purcell, Mrs Hughes Thomas. For Adelaide—John Taylor. The Northam left Galle on the 24th October. The mail delayed by an acci dent to a part of her machinery, obliging her to put into Nisson, where she remained three days. There was a further deten tion of two days in Egypt from the stop page of railway traffic arising from the overflow of the Nile. It was expected that the traffic would be impeded for about four months. No despatches or telegrams later than the mail this month. Mason, the Commissioner of the Con federate States, informed Earl Eussell that he has been ordered to withdraw from England. It is expected that he will re main in Paris. A decline of the distress in the cotton districts is reported. The Alabama captured two ships in the English Channel. Prince Napoleon arrived in London on Polish affairs. The Eussian reply created great dis satisfaction. The hon Mr Elliot is gazetted Ambas sador to the King of Italy. It is reported that Prince Alfred will marry the Princess Mary of Saxe Alten burg. Prince Louis of Hesse and his Princess were on a visit to the Queen. Lieutenant Dickson who prosecuted Lord Combermere is a bankrupt. Ellice, the member for Coventry, was found dead in his bed. Bishop Colenso is reported as having expressed his intention not to obey the Bishop of Cape Town's summons. The HuE steamer Zealand, and seven of her crew, lost in the Baltic. Diphtheria is prevailing in England. Consols 93J to The Lord Eaglan is set down as past insuring. A new Bishopric has been founded called Grafton and Aurendale, out of tho diocese of Newcastle. The Rev Mr Cuthbertsoii, late of Sydney, has become minister of a Con gregational chapel at Bishop's Stortford. The English people are beginning to find out that there are two side3 to the transportation question. The total score of the Robin Hood rifles was 1155, beating Adelaide by six points. The Hotspur, for Sydney; Gresham, for Melbourne; and Norman Morrison, for Queensland, sailed with full compli ment of immigrants. The Great Britain leaves on the 15th of October with the cricketers. Green was prevented competing at Tyne regatta on account of severe illness. Chambers won, beating Kelly, who fouled Ohwnbsrt in fail own w»ttr, Bendoff (I) beat the Australian Jackson at a prize fight. Maccaroni is the winner* of the Don caster cup. Obituary—Marquis Towushend, Hon Edward Ellice. AMERICA. Charleston is not yet taken. The Mississippi is now open for trade. The Federals captured Chattanooga, on Tennessee. Burnside sent in his resignation, but Lincoln refused to accept it. The whole Federal army of the Qulf is moving from New Orleans to Texas. Lincoln suspended the Habeas Corpus Act. The Democrats were indignant at his doings. Cumberland with 2000 Confederates, and the town of Knoxhill, were captured by the Federals. Various democratic parties in the North are uniting against Lincoln, they being favorable to a conciliatory policy towards the South. Sumner, in a long address, denounces England and France. _ Great distress in the south. CANADA. Canadians have agreed to arm 1000 Militia. Government and Parliament are at loggerheads. MEXICO. The Federal and Central American Ministers refused to acknowledge the new Government, and were forming an alliance with Juarez to resist it; adhesions, how ever, to the empire were numerous, but tho population is said to prefer that the throne should be occupied by a French Prinee. It is expected that all divisions will cease the moment the new Emperor enters. RUSSIA. The Grand Duke Constantino is sent to the Crimea because of his unwillingness to carry out the Russian policy. Russia refuses to entertain any propo sitions for the amelioration of Poland till the insurrection is suppressed. The young King of Greece arrived on a visit to the Emperor of Russia at St Petersburg. An attempt was made on the life of the Russian General Berg in Warsaw. Russia is making great exertions to put down the insurrection; and is destroying the forests along the Warsaw railway. POlAND. Mouravieff is recalled from Poland. The arrests of Poles of the highest rank continue to be made. A serious defeat was experienced by the Polish insurgents in the government of Plock. A majority of the Polish landed pro prietors are said to be in prison. The Vienna Presse, newspaper, advo cates the occupation of Poland in the name of Europe. FRANCE. Persigny is created a duke. The manifesto issued by the Polish National Government, declaring its de termination to maintain resistance to Russia, is published in the Monitmr. PRUSSIA. The King, after a moving interview with the Crown Princess, has become entirely, reconciled with his son and daughter. The editors of the Berlin papers were acquitted. The Prussian Chambers are dissolved. Jacob Grimm is dead. SWEDEN. It is rumored that Sweden has inti mated her intention to side with Denmark in the event of hostilities between that power and Germany. AUSTRIA. Maximillian renounced all rights as an Austrian Prince. France stated, in a notification, that it was her duty to demand from Russia a fulfilment of the six points. The noti fication occasioned much dissatisfaction in Vienna. _ ITALY. The Italian Government is about to in troduce a measure suppressing many monastic institutions, and giving the State more power over others. GERMANY. The Frankfort Federal diet recom mended the military occupation of Hol stein. The Danish Government is making earnest preparations for war. 