MISCELLANE TJ3. ?????.UKUfiE OF THE PRINCE OF WALES.— BUSlllCSS * »u-K-ii(le.t at the Government and professional ;''?- ami several of the mercantile establish ','?'?':- in Adelaide on Tuesdav. the lilth inst.. — ii..i...,,r .,f the inarriace of His Koval j!,-1';-;' the I'rince of Wales. As a holiday 1' ., ?-' '';l- a»ythins but suitable. It was CJ'U. wd dismal, and the roads and streets j* '» such n auidily state from the rains i-'..;1' Uv' l»rec-e-linir Mays that picnics or cx -.-.riiis tithcr by conveyasicts or on foot were , ^-.'y mimvmn;.'. TheVneral inclination ap ;,.,..',* I' ''-; '' remain at home, so that those who ^. .ne.i relaxatidii from business could not really ?' '?? H'e Mial standard was fh-ins at the ;T-U at ???ivern-uent House; the JJanish flag t, if -;ilice cf the Danish Consul. M:r. Gaede lVi','1,' !'. (i^hicH street; the tricolor at Mr. V^i '.. *?.'-' French Consul; the ensisn at the ;-. \:*vr stil!1 Ollice; and a few other banners !?'?.„.. 'us I''lrts of the city. The only ?-i'i , ;lti ;l»-vtIiin2 like a public demon t ?;.]''! ',' ll0n''-ir of the event intended to be ??'?Mil '.' Kil Was carr.ic'l out by the volunteers. De li.'l'-.111,6 r;«ii in the morninc, ami the wet ;:' \''i ?.al-'ut uo °f the Adelaide Regiment 'T'icri- \ 1 -^''ery attemled to the General -.s-mi u ' 5- Lieutenant-Colonel Finniss for an f-r the 1 '' rro!U °.{ tlle Armour}', at 11 o'clock, ii j, i!j!fP''se of firing a fcu-dejoie ami royal A.|-i ,; ; . ,j-. l:°n»panies rtpresen'ed were the First AiMai. K I'-'i ' '-^ uniler Captain Lower; the l-i'.f Ui ? i' es* -?*? lmilcr Lieutenant Lewis; and ^?ier (?«. ?tom Sulmrbans and West Adelaides, 'twiiLn . 1' (jav(thorne. The whole was com May« -S,L'6»tenant-Colonel Finniss and Major '*'?? un.lprc 'MJe'aMe Aitillery, to the number of pus ** hf!'tlln Blackham, had a battery of three fcnwn J,,i '.round- Lieutenant Weir, of the t?iment:',,Url)ans{ carried the coloure of the fantcSif^^lhynRuard consisting of Ser L)lomon li';,t{)-n»ralvonder Heyde, Privates S. fcCn ' n'-T- /irst A-!elaides, and J. XT. ha formt 1 ';i!de Elfles- The c°lumi1 having Wnagrt °I)en line- two deeP. the/eit-de «» guX 1V ll'e infantry, and the royal salute ''to * the auulery The band of the First Adelaides: then struck up the National Anthem, and the volunteers gave three hearty cheers for the Prince and Princess of Wales. Parade being dis missed, the First Adelaides, preceded by their band, marched to the Hamburg Hotel, whilst the Adelaide Artillery adjourned to the Freemasons' Tavern, where a repast wa3 provided, and where the health of the Prince and Princess of Wales was drunk amid loud cheering, as was also the health of Lieut.-Colonel Torren*, the absent field-officer. In the evening the only signs of any illuminations in the principal streets were at Mr. Payne's, King William- street; Mr. Heuzenroeder's, Hindley street: the Freemasons' Tavern, which was lighted up with green and red coloured lamps, and a fine transparency of the Prince of Wales'* plume, sur rounded by a trophy of flags and guns, placed in the balcony; and at the ilf.mburs Hotel, where the windows of the upper storey were adorned with lanterns nicely arranged with other lights, and a transparency of the Prince of Wales's feathers with the initial A. E. and A. underneath was ex hibited. The illuminations at the latter place were, we understand, the pioduction of the Deutsche LiedertafeL A few fireworks at the Theatre and a ball at the Adelaide Assembly .Rooms were the only iunusenicnts of the occasion in Adelaide. At Glenelg a salute was fired at jioon, and in the evening several blue lights were displayed and rocked sent up in front of Govern ment i/ouuj{e. The Pom HoLiD.vT.-Several of the vessels in harbour made a great display of flags and code signals on Tuesday, in honour of the marriage of the Prince of Wales, the most conspicuous being the Saugeen, Wilhelinine. Wellington, Coorong, Adieu, Ant, and Jane. This gave a holiday ap pearance to the place, but business was carried on during the morniug almost as usual, all the shops and other places of business being open, although the Custoni-Hquse was closed. The Port Adelaide Volunteer Artillery turned out under Captain Quin, and fired a roya! salute on the North-parade at noon. The Wilhelmine, which displayed the Danish flag at her main, also fired a salute, anil other ships fired several guns. On the conclusion of the salute by the volunteers, Captain Quin called for three cheers for the Prince and Princess of Wales, which was hear.ily responded Jobya larce number of persons who had assembled. The Prince ov Wales's M.vKniAnE.— Our London correspondent states in his letter that the writer of the Time* account of the royal marriage is Mr. Woods, who was the Crimean correspondent for the Herald at the time of the Russian war. This gentleman, who was also the special corre spondent for the Time* during the Prince of Wales's tour in Canada, is the brother of Mr. J. D. Woods and the Rev. J. E. Woods, of this colony. Contests of the April Mail.— The following is a statement of last month's mails and con tents, intended to have been forwarded per Behar, but taken on by the Great Britain from Melbourne : —For London, via Southampton, 411 boxes, contain ins 7,fi(!4 letters (including 201 remotered), and (J,S'.!O papers ; London, via Marseilles, 4 boxes, containing 1.2S2 letters (including 1!) registered), and 32 1 papers; Western Australia, 2 mails, com prising US letters and 111 papers; (Upe of Good Hope, Mauritius, India. China, and Mediterranean ports, 31 mails, comprising 15C letters (including 3 registered), and :«:- papers. The Legislative (Xh/.vcil -Tn our advertising columns has appeared the valedictory address of Mr. Tinlineto* the electors of the province. We understand that, but for an accident, this address would have appeared at the time of Mr. Tinlme's departure from the colony, when it was also in teuded that the resignation of his seat in the Legislative Council should have been placed in the hands of the President. We have been 'in formed that in the event of a writ being issued for the election of a member to fill the vacancy in the Legislative Council, caused by the resignation of Mr. Tinline. there will be at least one other resig nation; in which ease we believe Mr. John Baker will become a candidate for a scat in that branch of the Legislature. Auklaids Uifle Ci.us.— The members of the Adelaide Rifle Club held their monthly practice meeting at the Mitcham range on Saturday, the ICtli inst. The distances fired over were iM, **H), Mil, and 500 yards, five shots at each distance. The attendance was good, a-id the shooting fair. The highest score was made by Mr. Hill, who obtained .*-!i marks. A'ter the firing was over the Hon. (i. C. Hawker, Speaker of the House of Assembly, was unanimously elected President of tha Club, in the place of Colonel Blyth. The Puice of Cotter. —The price of copper w;is reduced at the Hoard meeting of the South Australian Mining Association, held on the 2i)tli instant, to JUST per ton net cash. Fete on Uo.ujd the Liiskuatou.— Caotain Voll.tr ami his officers gave a grand fe'e on board the Liberator in Wallaroo Day on Friday, May 15. Most of the ladies and. gentlemen of Kadina and Wallaroo were present. Handbook of Soctii Australia.— 'We have received a handbook of the colony, published by Mr. F. Algar, of London. It contains a map, and much useful information of a practical character. It is neatly got up, and is purchasable at three pence pur tujM ? Chinese Immigrants.— It appears that the Victorian Government are a'inut to propose an abolition of the poll tax on Chinamen. tins IlENltY Vo'lNU. — The tieeluny Adrertincr says it is generally believed that Sir Henry Young will be the next Governor of Victoria. ThrDaulisg.— From a letter received in tnwn recently we understand that the Darling is rising rapidly, and that two steamers have be;n able to proceed up it. The Hoods in the triutrarics and upper parts of the river arc .said to have Iten limber liiau they have ever l»eu known before. liAiN IN the Noiith.— We understand that a great deal of rain has fallen to the east of the Hurra, and that the tanks on some of the runs are unite full. We also learn from private letters received in Adelaide that a considerable quantity of rain has fallen at lVkina. VoLUXTEr.it liEViEW.— A review of the force will be held in Adelaide to- morrow, in celebration of the anniversary of the Queen's birthday. The Adelaide Ucgiment, Keedbeds Cavalry, the Ade laide iind Port Adelaide Artillery, and all country companies which can conveniently io:ne down, are expected to attend. Comp.iiiies residing more than three miles from the rail.vay will have the usual allowance in aid ol transport, provided at !e;ist id of each are in attendance. The An.mNKY-UKXEiui. as Kuand Jury.— In the Supreme Court on Wednesday nec'.i a man named Uosance was charged with forging and utter i:ig an order at Kadinu. Hut almost the first witness called— Mr. William Fisher, ILmk Manager — stated that the writer of the order was a man named (iorinan, ivhose s'sjna'iiri.1 lw w;is perftvilv :ii-iiii:iin!cd with, ami who, with I-«i::ce, v.-;is com mitted for trial by the Magistrate at Kadina. Hut where was - ionium now; This the Crown Soli citor explained by stating that (itimiau had been liberated beiause the law officers cf the Crown had not seen that there was any evidence against him! The Crown Solicitor had nut heard ot Mr. l'isher's statement before, and the Attormiy Ccncral had certiiied that Corman need not be detained. On these facts being stated the ctse was stopped, and steps were taken to recapture ('t.nnan. Fortunately hein*.' within reach lie wa- soon caugi't, and now awaits his trial. He was doubtless foolish enough to believe, with the la'.v officers of the Croivn, that there was no case against him, otherwise he would have sot clean away. A South Australian at the New Zealand Dir.'.iiSiiS.— The following is an extract from a letter written bv Mr. John Field, brother to .Mr (?eorge Field, butcher, of North Adelaide, and recently received. It is dated Uunedin, April :!?-: —?'We arrived in Dunedin this day three weeks. Since then we have been up to the Dunstan dig gings anil tn two new rushes. On one we worked for rive days. I've sunk about ten ora dozen holes, and got nothing but the colour out of any of them. I am now down in Dunedin, and I think 1 am going to work at butchering. ? hiis gone to work at a station about 33 miles away. . . . It is no use any one coining over now till spring. On the Dunstan they are all shepherding their claims, and on the Shotover and the lakes they are all frozen up, so that 110 one can work them. When we c;in;e into Dunedin we were nearly hard up, and offered to work for our tucker, and could not get a job anywhere. We then went down to Port Chal mers, but things were worse there. Coming from there 1 met Mr. ? , who gave us some money to tro on with, and said he would pay my board and lodgin'. He got me the place where 1 think I anr 'oing to. There are hundreds of men standing about the streets here and nothing for them to do. Itovernment are only giving men 2t. (id. a yard for diamond cracking, and 5s. a day on the roads. It is not enough to keep men in tucker, fur meat is Is. Id ivponnd, ami everything else is very dear. We had a very pleasant voyage all the way over. Coming down the country we were caught in two snowstorms, and the next morning it was three feet deep, and we had to travel through it. It is an awful bad road, ton, when it has snnived overnight, fur it is so hilly that almost as soon as you get up you slip down again.' Dkatii oi- an old Colonist- We have ha 1 to record the death of an old colonist, and a worthy, honest, and industrious man, named Kobert Bristow, who arrived in the colony as a labourer by the Cygnet, in ISM. Mr. Bristow resided at Kangaroo Island during nearly eight years prior to his death, which occurred April 'a, after a protracted illness extending over live years He was at his death 57 years of age. Ly his industry and frugality he acquired landed pro perty at Ilog Bay to the extent of 2!0 acres, and was engaged in agricultural pursuits at the tune of his death. Some splendid specimens of J^ng h-h and Scotch barley, grown by him during the as season may be seen at this ofhee. lhehcotcli barley 'is part of the produce of 100 bushels on two and a half acres of land, from five bushels of ^Exhibition of Shipping—A singular cxhibi tion was lately open at the Huntsman's Hotel, 'Com ell-street, Sorih Adela.de. It coasts of 20 models of vessels of various k«n4J which 1 me been constructed by the owner. Mr. \\\ m. l an.-li, from Murray pine. These vessels represent almost SS of naval architecture. There are the Stately slip the s.iuarc-rigged brig, the foreand Iffsciiooer. steamers, tugs, yachts, cutters, and 0 her c?'fV with all their sails TO-a,^ machinery, (town to the minutest block. And the who le of these contrivances are so perfect that the silscin be furled, the guns are discharged with out aw communication from ashore, the pumps worked an he paddles revolve 'as natural as life' The exhibit on also includes the represen tation of a ship launch, the firing of guns from minhture hatteries, the chase of ^ pirate [ vessel ind snino other naval scenes. 10 complete we flhfsion the vessels are made to sail in front of a S scene representing the 'deep, deep sea. The constructor h'as been several .*** lat sea, and his «nce been employed as a shepherd, it «as durin' hfs engagement in this monotonous avoca tionth{th'einDloyed his leisure in hui ding and i lsS The tools he employed as Stfrwiscopio Views of Adelaide.— we uuey 3SM&3 the Exchange northward, In & 0\. 3 »^^ Tfbich they commenced » reached. 1 The Aid-de-Camp.— The Gazette of the 18th msr. contained the resignation of Major Brinkley as Aid-de-Camp to His Excellency the! Governor, and also the' appointment of Mr. E. D. Boss, D.A.GM., as his successor. , Death of the SLuie llENniETT.v. ^j- We have received a .report of the death of Henrietta, an imported mare, the property of Mr. Joseph Gilbert, Pewsey Vale, from Mr. Thomas Chalwin, the veterinary surgeon who attended her. Hen rietta was in foal to Fisherman, and some five months since she received an injury in her hock which fractured one of the bones ; she was placed in slings, but having fallen out of them in her efforts to rise, she dislocated the hock-joint. She was again placed in slings, and had so far re covered as to be able to place her foot upon the ground and bear considerable weight upon it. A day or two before the slings were to nave been abandoned altogether, and the mare allowed to walkin her box; but premature labour caius on, and notwithstanding every effort made to save her, she died about three weeks since. Methodist New Cos.vexiox.— A tea and public meeting to celebrate the opening of the Assembly Kooms by the Methodist New Con nexion Church for public worship was held in tint building on Monday week. There were fiom 250 to 'WO present at the te.\— somewhat more than tnat at me meeting wuicn succecueo, over which Mr. Hosking presided, and which was addressed by the Kev. Messrs. Cox, Haining, Warner, Head, Gardner, Lyall, and Maughan. The choir, which was under the direction of Mr. Johns, performed several pieces in the course of the evening. The procejdings closed shortly after 10 o'clock. The D.IAM3I.— On Saturday, the 10th inst., Captain Van Rees entertained a large and dis tinguished party on board the Djambi. The guests generally proceeded from the Port by the Young Australian, but His Excellency the Governor a;id suite were taken on hoard by the frigate's boats from the Semaphore Jetty. On Sunday following the Young Australian was a}?ain called into requi sition, and conveyed from the Port on the arrival of the iirst train nearly 100 persons to the Djambi. After transhipping her passengers the steamer proceeded to the jetty, and remained there until about :i o'clock, when she ret;;r:ied to the frigate crowded with passengers. Sir.' remained alongside a suliicieut lime to enable the excursionists to in spect the ship, then returned again to the; jetty, where a large number landed, and Hie remainder proceeded to the I'ort. Captain Van llees and eight of the orticcr.s of the Djambi were conducted by the Speaker of the House of Assembly on Monday to Morialta, the residence of Mr. John Baker, where they were hospitably entertained. They expressed themselves much pleased with the country. On Tuesday they proceeded to Kapunda to visit the mines there, and in the evening they were enter tained at a grand ball in the Assembly Rooms. The decoration of the room was carried out in a most grand and imposing style. Beautiful pir.e-trees, shrubs, flowers, and tiags of all nations were blended together on the walls with great taste and artistic etlect and in vast profusion the banana, with its large delicate leaves, imparting an air of gracefulness to the whole. The Land (Chapman's) was stationed at the east end of the room, within a bower ornamented with s:;itu:ity, and having three finely-omsinKed arclie--. Almvc these the wall was decorated with stars formed -;f swords and illuminated witli jets of aas. The Royal Standard was arranged on the south side of the room, overhanging His Jixeeileii'.'jMhe/iovenmr's seat, and surrounded by wreaths of foliage. The room was well lighted, and presented a most beautiful appearance. The ouiinany, numbering above :i'M), was of a very select character, and in cluded His Excellency Sir 1). Daiv (who arrived at half-past !) o'clock), the Misses Daly, Mr. and Mrs. J. (r. Daly, Captain Van ltees and 14 officers of the Djambi in uniform, the Ministry, and many members of the Legislature, Majors Urinkley and Bnwdler, Commander llutehinson, It.N., the j Consuls of various nations iu uniform. His iVor- I ship the Mayor of Adelaid'*, and several volunteer j officers also in uniform. Never before was such a brilliant gathering of beauty and fashion witnessed in Adelaide, .-ind never, it was admitted by al), did tiie pleasure and enjoyment of a ball prove so substantial and unalloyed. The supper was laid out. in the liirue room hdow in the most sump tuous manner imaginable. DINNER AT THE PARLIAMENT HOUSE.— On Mon day, 12th inst., the Chief Secretary entertained a large party at dinner at the Parliament House. Amongst the guests were His Excellency the Governor, the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, the President of the Legislative Council, and the Speaker of the House of Assembly, nearly all the members of both Houses, the heads of departments, and Captain Van Rees, of the Dutch war-steamer Hjnmbi, and several of his officers. Tables were laid for up wards of 60, and were fully occupied. The repast prepared by Mr. Hines, the caterer, was a very sumptuous one, and the evening was most plea santly spent. The only toasts drunk were 'Her Majesty the Queen'' and 'His Majesty the King of the Netherlands.' They were proposed in iiniirnnrmti' and oloouent terms bv the host, and the latter was well respomled to hy captain van ; Rees. The company bro\e un about II o'clock. ) Ax I.VTKu'oi.ii.vr.u, A-;e.vt.— The idea of ap- , pointing a permanent Ambassador at the Court of ! Melbourne mi'st have arisen from the success which attended the recent movements of our , special plenipotentiaries in that 'capital of the Southern I-'mpire.' It has doubtless occurred to ; some one that if the day for federation has not yet arrived, there miiflit at !e:ist be a step taken in tint direction by sending a Smith Australian Consul to the viepriv:d hulls of Tooraic. Impeded by M-me s.i'.-!i eoiiMde:a:i-in as this, Mr. Meales. recently moved the subjoined resolution in the House 'of Assembly :— i 'That this House will on Wednesday, (th May, , resohv itself into a Committee of the whole for , the purpose of consideriiv-' the motion -'That an , address be presented to His Excellency the -!o- vemor-in-Chirf, praying His Excellency to cause ; the sum of £ i'.it) to be placed on the Kstimatc.i for IW'.J, for th-j iiiirjm.-e of providing for a resideM iigcnr in Melh-iurne, to watch over the interests of South Aus.r.ilia. and to act generally (under the instructions of the r*mth Australian Government) . for the protection of the welfare of the colony.' ' . The House received the I'i-ojiosiiiiiii with const- ? derablc amusement, and the only member who supported it was Mr. Co^liu. There was a general ; expi-e.-siou of opinion that it should be withdrawn: ; but Mr. Neales consented t-- put- it off till the 5th , of June if honourable members would allow him to , L'ive his reasons for it on that day. Tins was ?assented to, :is Captain Hart said the postpone- j nieiit would be tantamount to a withdrawal, since I 'the Lvi!t.'i-:n-!!i nh'i waiitod the situation w.iuld nut he able to wait so long.' However, the mover has It-:: a- to iirini' the uioii'in forward again on the f-th ! if . I ism;, ;:nd perhaps by thai Lim-; theCf.verii- , ment, wiio on Tuesday seemed unfavourable to it, ] may see the advantage which it oiii rs them. Why , not, in the same resolution, provide for opening friendly relations w:th Now Caledonia, and sending an Am'bns-ailor, with attaches, to i'oitde France? CiiAMiitcit --F CdMVEi'.cii— The quarterly meet- ; ing of tiie Chamlier of Commerce was held on Wclnesday week, at the Exchange. The synopsis ; cmuaii-.ed references to the Customs laws | ;tnd Railway ma'iageinunt, u;»on both ofwhicli 1 subjects some other documents were rend, which I we have also published in fuil. The 11m- | ceedings will lie read v/ith interest by the trading t and commercial portion of the community, par- , ticulur.y at the present time, when the tmestion of ? Custonis duties is occupying so much attention [ in the Australian Coionies. 1 \- ATM -N al Bank.— The annual meeting of the I National Bank was he'd at the Masonic Hall, | King William- street, on Wednesday .May (!, and ; was numerously attended. The Hon. A. Biyth 1 presided, and fesid the annual report, which, to- i gcther with the balaiieesheet, was adopted. Several questions were asked and satisfactorily ] answered. The vacancies in the local Direction were filled by the election of Messrs. A. JJlyth, A. Scott, and J. Peacock, who were the only candi dates. Votes of thanks were accorded to the Chair man and the Melbourne and Adelaide Directors and Managers, which were suitably acknowledged. 1 Dkicksax .Sv.\'on.-The Diocesan Synod opened its session on Monday, May 11. A large number of clerical and lay members met at Trinity Church, at :j o'clock. The Vtrv Rev. the Dean read the Litany; after which. His Lordship delivered his pastoral address. The Sacrament of the Lord s Siipncr was administered by the Bishop, assisted by the Dean, to tin- clerical and lay memners pre sent. In the evening the Synod met at tho Church OJIicein Ltish-street, when there wen: l(i clergy men and 24 lay members present. The Lord Bishop opened the proceedings with prayer, and read Ins re port of the condition of the churches under his charge extending over a period of 15 months from .Tallinn', IMS. to Easter, 1-m. Seveial other reports' and d-vuments were also ie;m. ihe Standing Cnmmitice, Treasurers, Secretary, and Auditors for the year weir appointed, and various other matters dkenssed. The business of the s 'xsion was finished on Wednesday, and the^ynod adjourned till aniin summoned by the Bishop. S..UTI1 AUSTitAMAX VISKUIIOV.'ERS AS.SOCIA Tiov -The second uxhibition of wines,, by the South Austnilian Vinegiviweis' Association, was held at Mr. Noltenius's store, (Jiiiert- place, on Wednesday week. 'J'he Council of the Society had met the day before, to taste the wines cntcied for competition, classify them as to quality, and adju'lge the prizes.. On \Vcdnesday some fresh samples were exhibited to the general bod- of the subscribers who assembled in the stofe, and. as each sample was brought before them, on being tasted, were informed into what class it had been placed by the Council, and whether or not it had boen awarded a prize. The meeting confirmed t he decisions of the Council with three exceptions, which they desired them to reconsider. At the close the Council again met for that purpose. The samples exhibited were:-Wlnte wine-One of viiita'e of lS5it 1 of ISU1, and 14 of bO2. lied wine 1 of i-iai (tlie sample which obtained a medal at the ; cit /ntelnaUonal Exhibition of 1S(B). 3 of ISol, and' 10 oMSffi. The list of awards was as follows :-Whitc wine of «H .1-irst prze, h.J. Pe'ke- second do., W. II. Trimmer. Musait Vhit nri7C Mas Weidenba h. Sweet-First prize, Ma^ \Vemeibach. Re.l Wines of iSCi.Drjr Piret prbe, Kandall .t Charl. sworth Sweet-First Pl- Joseph GiUanl. Bed wines of lHJiOry tw 'iirizc Rindall & C harlesworth ; second do., V t Pe ife Sweet-Second prize- Joseph (iiilard. The' wines 'were on the whole superior to the ex h -itio of October, 1S(U. They were all classed SrSn^toquality. ns-Nos. I to:). In im there tob^O? white, five of So 1, four of No. 2. and hve of No V of red, four of No. 1, six of No. 2, and siv-'of Xo :S The proceedings occupied several h'mrV and concluded with votes ,-r thanks to .the Chapman (Mr. D. Jtomlill) and the Secretary (Mr. I-C0\VICTiS)SETTI.OrEST IN QUEEN'SLAXD.-A n.nltHkely found a convict settlement ncarlps Jg-ig ? W072 ... 5!-,3(b l^ ? ' 54.S78 ... 2.-),7:» I ::: ::: :- SIS ::: ^ g£ ? ::: fc ... 2,020 ffiSsSaW^^Su^^ ^ownas follows:- c3- fi. 185(5 ? ?? ,rmq '' &513 ?»= = ='? II ::: 'la 1862 ? S^*937 Thb Karkatulla MiOTKd Company.— A special general meeting of the Katkarilla Mining Com pany was held on the 8th, at the Company's office, 90, King William-street. There was a large atten dance of shareholders, and Mr. George White, Chairman of the Directors, was voted to the chair. The Chairman having read the advertisement call ing the meeting, briefly addressed them, intimating that they had been called together in consequence of a protest having been received from some share holders questioning the legality of the two special calls made at their general meeting held on the 14th ultimo, and that it was for the shareholders now present to confirm or otherwise the business that had been done at that meeting. After some discussion, it was proposed by Dr. Taylor, seconded by Mr. A. Myers, and unanimously carried — 'That in lieu of the two special calls which were informally made by direction of the general meeting held on the 14th day of April last, the Directors be empowered to make one special call of' &. per share, payable oa the Oth day of June next. Messrs. C. S. Poo!e and Henry Stodart were elected Auditors for the ensuing half year. Tlie Captain's (Cudlip's) letter of date May 5, giving a very encouraging report of the prospects of the mine, and some rich specimens of ore from the 30-fathoin level and south drive at that depth. received on tlie 8th, were much appreciated by the shareholders. A vote of thanks to the Chairman ;erminated the proceedings^ The Directors of she O'ompany have received advices from the captain under date May 7, stating that the information con tained in the postscript of his letter of the 5th instant, announcing that they had raised a rock of Dre 10 cwt., was an error; but that they were raising locks of ore weighing 120 lbs., and he was happy to say the lode in the drive south at the 30-fathom level was holding very good. Two of the Directors lately proceeded on a visit of inspection, having secured the services of a gen tleman (a thoroughly practical miner) to inspect and report upun the woikings for the satisfac ionof tlie shareholders, and the following telegram was subsequently received from them:— 'Aline all right; Captain East made survey; Grey's charges unfounded.' . \Viieal Alfred Mixe.--*-A mine under this designation has been for some time worked. It is situated four miles east of the North Rhine Mine, VI miies from Truro, and Iti from Mount Pleasant. The following report upon the property, dated April 24, and addressed to Mr. Georpe White, of King William-street, by Captain Kilhcoat, of the English and Australian Copper Company, has been handed to us for publication:— 'Having visited the Wheal Alfre.l Mines, on behalf of the English and Australian Copper Company, to examine the smelting qualities of the ore, also the quantity likely to be forwarded from these mines, I am willing to comply with your request, and give you a report of the above mines- for the use of yourself and friends. No. 1 Shaft, which is sunk on the cuurse of White's Lode, is cleaned up and secured to the ISfatliom level, and has a lode of copper ore in cither end of the said shaft. From the IS to near the surface the ore part of the lode is about 20 inches wide, composed of blue and green car bonates, with some red oxide of copper, gossan, .Sec., of .say from IS to 20 per cent, of fine copper. The end is driven south of this shaft about 5 fathoms, and the lode is looking very promising. 1 saw a very good stone of ore broken out of the bottom of this level, and from what can now be seen, a very rich lode may be expected when down to the 'iO-fathom level. However, a great quantity of ore can be raised at once near No. 1 Shaft. No. 2 is also cleaned up and seemed to the lS-fathnm level and communicated with No. 1 Shaft, which is t!5 fathoms north of No. 1 on the same lode, in driving this level, all the lode has not been taken down near No. 2 Shaft, but enough is to be seen to show that the lode is very much the same iia around Shaft No. 1 ; and as there are other lodes running parallel] with White's Lode— where Nos. 1 and 2 Shafts have been sunk— I have no doubt but you will have a good mine on this part of your property. No. 3 Shaft is only ii or S feet from the surface, on a different lode to that of Nos. 1 and 2. Good stones of ore of the richest quality can be broken from this lode. The lode in the shaft is rather split up just now, and I ?would recommend to sink this shaft deeper. No. 4 Shaft, altout three-quarters of a mile north-west of No*. 1 and 2, is sunk on the course of the lode about five fathoms from the surf ice, and what is termed in Cornwall a counter, which will intersect White's lode in going north. I haw a higji opinion of ibis Lode, and :io time should be lost in sinking the shaft deeper. As ore of almost every description has been broken, from this lode, and a payable lode now at the bottom, should you -»ive siy £7 per fathom for sinking, the men will leave a profit on their work every day. Water also for dressing can be obtained in the creek a few yards from tlie shaft. In looking at tho amount of work you have had done for you, and the beautiful country around the different lodes, I consider your undeitaking al-ove a venture.' New Couxvvau, Mixehal. Association.— The general meeting of the New Cornwall Mineral .'» sKiuMiitirin wsis held on Thursday. Anril 'JO. at the Hotel Kurope. Mr. jonn wnjie occupied tue i-iiair, and the shareholders present numbered about .r-0. In the absence of two of the Directors who had gone to inspect the mine, but had owing to the detention of the Young Australian been prevented from reaching Adelaide in time for the mcutiii'' the business was not gone into, and an adjournment of four weeks was agreed to. Prior to this, however, Mr. C. 15. Vounglaid before the meeting a scheme by which to raise capital to liMseciite the operations of the Company. It was thut the mine should bo sold to trustees for the benefit of the shareholders, and that a new Com pany should be formed with a nominal capital of £:17,'5UL-, represented by 25.(100 shares of 30s. each. The projector was of opinion that if all the shares were taken up the calls would enable them to carry on operations for two years comfortably. The proposition will probably be laid before the Directors and be considered at the adjourned meeting. South Australian Banking Company. — Several alterations ailcctiiig the internal arrange ments of the South Australian Hanking Com pany's stafl' of ollicers have taken place from ht May. Mr. J. C. Dixon has been appointed in spector and general manager of the Company's colonial business; Mr. Tin;*. D. Suieatou (laic' secretary of the Adelaide odice) lakes the manage ment of the Gawler branch; Mr. J. A. Buchan [late accountant of the Adelaide ollice) has been appointed acting manager at Adelaide; and Mr. Win. Sanderson,|from the Gawler branch, has been promoted to the accountantship of the Adelaide ftlice. Hook Postage.— A recent Gazette notification states that in future book-packets can be sent via Marseille* at a charge of i-\\. for four ounces, in addition to the South Australian postage of Id. for every quarter of a pound. i The Fak Nauru.— From private sources we learn that lambing in the Far North is progressing \ cry satisfactorily. 1ns:-lvkscies.— The following is a list of per sons declared insolvent since the date of ourlast Summary, April 2S:-Samuel higlis.'of Adelaide, miller; & Tiller, of Yankalilla. fanner; James Uuodes and William I'ooiles, jun.. of Uarossa, farmers. Mav 2- Patrick McKuhill, of Adelaide, contractor. May 4-C. S. Wver, of Adelaide, licensed victualler. May5-C. Hanrwedg, of North Kliine, farmer. May (--J. H. Jileecliinore, of Urookvale Farm, near Auburn, farmer and auc tioneer. May 7- J. Dan-son, of liiverton, butcher. May II — Ii. 'li'ussell, an imprisoned debtor, for merly of Robe Town, mason. May 12-James Armstrong, of Spring Flat, near Kanmauton, farmer. May I5-C. Simeon, of Adelaide, agent. Mav 20 -W. II. Dawe, of Willunga, contractor: J. Heaphy, of Adelaide, labourer; J. T. Taylor, of Norwood, cleric. May 2J-G. K. Lowe, of Aber deen, licensed victualler. Mr. Charles Simeon has written to us, stating that he has settled the only claim which occasioned his declaring himself insolvent. Uifle Match.— A match between the Free Killes and City Kifles, 12 men a side, at 200, 500, and S'JO yards, 7 rounds at each, commence J at the Uuttsun Wednesday morning by six men from each. The morning was altogether unfavourable or firing, being rainy, and the strong wind which prevailed being putiy ami exceedingly variable. The competitors respectively used their company weapon, and the result was a tie between the two squads at 271 points. The highest individual s;ore made among the Free I'ilies ((51) was obtained by Mr. McFarlane, and the highest on the side of the City Kifles (51) by Sergeant Hill. The two remaining squads fired on Thursday morning, when the weather was more favourable than on Wednesday, for although rather cold, the wind was moderate and steady, and the rain was but slight. Still the tiring on both sides was inferior, both individually and collectively, to that made by the first .squad*. At 20-i yards the Free Itirles gained an advantage of soven marks; but at the two succeeding ranges they lost ground by 13 at 500 and 37 at 800 yards. The City Kifles, there fore, won the match by 43 marks-a very good majority when it is borne in mind that they com peted with their long Knticlds against acknow udged superior weapons -the Terries of the Free Itifles. Private Colman's 52 was the highest personal score on the side of the Free llifles, and ['rivate flambidge's 4G the best among the City Itilles. Following are the scores of both squads, the hits l-eing added to the points for each shot, or, which amounts to the same thing, the value o the points lieintt increased sis proposed in Lord Elcho's letter to Sir It. U. MacDonnelf, and as adopted for some time in Victoria:— City Hiflks. First Squad. 200 yds. 500 yds. 800 yds. Tl Sen,'. HUI - 2J2i«4 CO 242024 20 ftWWW 11 51 l»riv. Items. .224(122 IS 0-»423£' II! 3rr42d:)12 4!j Itlunt 22r:t2±i 13 2220243 15 3432U03 Id 43 Kentish' .'.'. 2433224 20 4-&213 1!) 3iH)(lr0r 3 42 Lihde ? OZUZtt IS 3102t24 IS 3r(lrO02 5 II Waldie ... OifcUfi 15 2i{2i« 17 riSEM Iti^ Grand totals... .104 105 (5-2 271 PrivinBSS^! 3033333 18 421000313 002234213 -14 inker .. ...3-.I24330 15 3333232 1!- 2»l2r20 !? 43 Letchford ...222(1222 12 2!)32(M'1 11 04213r2 15 3S Bagshaw ...'J32224-217 ttmZ) 18 rU22303 10 13 Culicy ? :t!2(HI20 10 :tM4-.'O3 10 3f'H):!:H 111 45 Hambidge... 2223320 14 2J0435217 232303215 40 Grand totals... SO 95 7S2T.9 Free Rifles. First Squad. 200 yds. 5110 yds. 80!) yds. T Corp. Colton..223-2o:-217 ZB22-H 10 33030*1 Ifi 4U Priv. Borrow.. 2333(122 15 033244011! OO^U 10 41 Burden ... :20333.*517 Hi)242212 IV&UZU; 15 44 F. Ayers ...3242-,24 17 3r34:l33 lit rO002r3 0 41 McFarlane ..2234243 a) 0443344 22 (r.U24:i3l!l t!l LtLongbottoni 2223330 15 2302322 14 202020r 6 J3o Grand totals... 101 ' 90 7X271 |!.r°nSnmh!l!L. 0224222 14 2323344 21 300r034I0 45 Priv. Colman.222444018 324124123 033r2r3 11 52 Sabine ...23-2322317 2U30000 5 KWtW 5 27 H Avers .. 242232:118 2r230041l 0203200 7 3ti St'rother 3002202 ft 0020223 9 (KXtoOuO 0 IS Morconi ...2£233217 002242313 0023rr3 S 38 Grand totals... 93 82 4121G Real PnorEnTY Act.— The following transac tions have taken place in the Real Property Office, during the month of April, in the present year, which, as compared with those in the correspond ing month in 1S02, show a considerable increase in the business done and in the fees received :- April, 1S62. April, J&G3.; Applications ? 7» 87 Transfers ? g* 73 Mortgages ? 59 «7 Leases ? « *( Transfer mortgage ? _-s. l Discharges ? 22 .20 Power of attorney ? 0 1 Caveat ... — — \ , Transfer of lease ... 0 l ;?.,-. Surrender ... ? * \ License .... ... — f J Transmission'* ... ... ?»?? ».,?? Withdrawal caveat . ? ... __* ;:?? __1 * ~236- 285 ' Feeso ffice ... ...J£273 6 10 JE329 4 0 Baptist Chapel, Flinders-street.-^ The Rev. James Taylor, of Melbourne, preached two sermons in the new Baptist Chapel, Flinders street, on Sunday; Hay .3. In the afternoon the pews were all well filled, and the rev. gentlemen ireached from the words— 'And now abideth faith, hope, and charity— these three; hut the . greatest of these is charity.' He explained the nature, operation, -and effects of those three car dinal Christian graces, especially dwelling upon the j superiority of the latter. In the evening the sub- j ject was the history of Martha and Mary. The j preacher specially alluded to the human sym pathy nianifesled by Christ in his dealings with that family, applying to the audience in forcible language the commendation to Mary, compre hended in those brief but significant words— 'she hath done what she could.' At the conclusion of the sermon, Mr. Taylor expressed the pleasure which his visit to Adelaide had afibrded him, and a hope that it might be productive of good to those whom he had addressed. The building was filled in every part, seats having to be placed down the aisles to accommodate the congregation. A number occupied seats on the platform; but there were still a few who were obliged to ttand during the sen-ice. The Rev. S. Mead, pastor ot the Church, officiated in the morning, on which occa sion the attendance was also large. Contributions to aid in clearing off -the debt which, independent of the mortgage, still remains on the building were received at the doors at the close of the after noon and evening services. The amount collected was over £2o\ Adelaide Wesleyan Mutdal Improvement Association.— At the usual weekly meeting of he above Association, held on Friday evening, Sth instant, a variety of pieces in prose and poetry, selected by the President, were read by different meml-ers, whose reading was afterwards subjected to criticism. At {he conclusion of the readings, the President, the Key. J. Watsford, gave a shoit lecture on ' Pneumatics,'* illustrating the subject by experiraents*on the air-pump belonging to the Association. This was the third of a series of lectures which are being delivered at tlie close of the ordinary business on Natural Philosophy and Chemistry. The first was given a few weeks since by the President on 'Matter and its Properties:' the second by Mr. G. W. Cotton on 'Coul Gas.' each of them being illustrated by experiments. These lectures cannot- fail to make this Associa tion additionally attractive : already it outnumbers any kindred institution in the colony, and at nearly every meeting fresh members are admitted. Methodist New Connexion Literary axd Philosoi'HicaJi Society.— On Thursday, 7th inst., the Kev. J. Maughan delivered the 11th of his lectures to the above Society, in -Mr. Cawthornc's schoolroom, Victoria-square. The subject was 'The philosophy of the electrical induction coil with brilliant calorific and luminous experiments.' The room was quite full. Eight new members were elected before the lecture began. Mr. Maughan gave a brief history of the recent discoveries n electrical science, and by means of a great variety of apparatus explained and illustrated the philosophy- of magnetic and electrical induction. He exhibited some beautiful nnd unique experiments with an immense induction coil which had a secondary wire upwards of five miles in length coiled around it. 'i hs production of the brilliant, many-coloured, and striated light produced through Geissler's vacuum tabes of various forms and media excited great interest, and was loudly applauded. The lecture continued two hours, and at its close Mr. Maughan announced that his iriend, Mr. Charles 'J'odd, Telegraphic Superintendent, had kindly promised to take his (.Mr. Maujihan's) place at the lecture-table on the following Thun-day evening. It was announced that Mr. Maughan would give nine lectures and that there would be six papers read by members during the ensuing quarter. After the lecture several of the young men stayed to try their strength against an immense horseshoe lmiguct, which was said to be capable of bearing a strain of 12 cwt., aiiil which proved more than a match for the Strongest of them. 