TELEGRAPHIC NEWS. vfcroKiA. Melbourne, September 10. ;TYom the Felecrraph. I Sir Henry darkly, Bady darkly, and Mies •Darkly embarked in the Bombay for Sydney last night. Sir Henry was visibly affected by the leave-taking. The Bombay passed the Heads for Sydney at 11 o'clock to-day, Tlie Assembly met at 11 o'clock this morn ing, and Sir Charles Darling was sworn in at noon. Parliament meets again at 4 o'clock this afternoon, but only to be prorogued. The linal competition for the best ten shots, for the intercolonial match, took place yester day. The Melbourne average score per man was 12G; country ditto, 119. The highest score made was 144. Markets unsettled. Melbourne, September 12. The Havilah sailed yesterday at 1 o'clock. Cleared out—Mary Smith, lor Adelaide, via Warrnambool, with part of original cargo and 10 bales bags. Governor 'Darling holds a levee on the 16tfa. English advices seem likely to give a down ward tendency to market s. JFrom our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, September 11. The Governor has been sworn in by the Chief Justice, with the usual ceremonies, upon a platform erected in front of the Treasury. There was an immense crowd—banners were flying and music was playing. His Excellency afterwards prorogued Par liament till the 15th October. Every one is pleased with the appearance of the new Governor. He is a fine and dignified looking man. He read liis address to the members splendidly. The Ministry and their friends will partake of a whitebait dinner this evening at Scott's HoteL The attendance is likely to be large. Sir Henry Barkly sailed this morning per Bombay for Sydney. No business is doing. There has been a holiday at the Government offices since 12 o'clock, and many of the shops are shut. The frigate Curacoa is passing the Heads for Sydney. Melbourne, September 12. The Governor will hold his first levee on Wednesday. The Provident Institute trials are fixed for the 1st of October. Atheling, a promising colt that wbb entered for the Balls rat Champion Race, and backed for Borne money, has bioken down. Melbourne^ September 14. Mr.Pinnockhas been elected for the Eastern Provinoe by a majority of 344. Ebor and Talleyrand are likely to be scratched for the Cnampion Race, both having gone wrong. The field is likely to be small, although the stake is large. The return Mayor's Eancy Ball is fixed for the 29;h inst. The Haymarket Theatre is to be closed in a | few days to prepare for Mr. and Mrs. Kean's I appearance. Coppin is to appear at the Hay. j market for a few nights. Raffles of pictures, statues, and cariosities take place on Saturday in the form of the Art Union. The Havilah is advertised for sale. A large number of ships sailed to-day. The third ship for carriage of the Auckland volunteers is on the berth. A steamer is to be put on to convey wool from Port MacDonuell to Melbourne. The Queen sails on Wednesday, to open steam communication between Melbourne and Brisbane. [From the Telegraph.] The Coorong arrived at 5 o'clock yesterday (Sunday). The Jewish year 5624 commenced last night. From sunset to-day and to-morrow (Tuesday) will be observed as a holiday by processors of tbe Jewish faith. The White East is fixed for Wednesday, the 23rd instant. [From our own Correspondent. J Melbourne, oeptember 15. The Commissioner of Customs doeB not in tend appointing Immigration Agents. He will merely extend the existing system of free female and assisted family immigration. Only £140,000 will be available for such purposes tbis year in place of the £250,000 which it waB expected would hare been available. An extensive seizure of opium, spirits, tobacco, and cigara, consigned to Hong Leng, has been made by the Custom-House autho rities. The estimated duty payable on the goods seized amounts to £3,600, and it is sup posed that there will bo three times that amount seized before the ship is ail discharged. | No business is going on. The prices of mer chandise of all kinds are likely to be lower. i Holders of flour are firm. Oats are rather | rising. Wheat ib scarce, and there hare been no transactions worth mentioning. It is reported that the Alabama is olF the ] Cape of Good Hope, looking out for a home- | ward-bound Indiatnan. [From the Telegraph} Melbourne, September 16. Captain Bancroft, late Aid-de-Camp to Sir Henry Barkly, has been appointed Military Secretary and Aid-de-Camp to Sir Charles Darling. Mr. Warde has been appointed Prirate Secretary to His Excellency. Boisterous showers are felling, and it is veiy cold. The Coorong sails for Adelaide on Saturday. fFrem our own Correspondent.1 Melbourne, September 17. i The Governor's levee was very numerously I attended. j At the Crown lands sale here to-day there j was a good demand, and £2,000 was realized. i There is a brisk demand lor oats, a cargo of Danish cleared at a fraction under 5*., net , cash. There was also a large sale of Scotch | and Irish, but the prices have not transpired. The steamer Launceston has arrived from the Clyde. : The coaster Maori has been lo3t at Western j Port. [From the Telegraph. I The competition between the Banks has caused a change in the price of gold. On Saturday last at Ballarat £4 3s. per ounce was obtained. Henry Styles has been committed for trial on a charge of embezzlement from his em ployers, Watson & Sons. The amount is said to be from £1,000 to £2,000. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, September 17. Large speculative purchases of draught ale have taken place, but the price has not yet transpired. There has been a movement in rice, and considerable sales at lower prices have been effected. A cargo has arrived per the Gosport, consigned to this or some other market. To drive her to another port an announcement has been made that 12,000 bags will be offered at auction on Monday. The flour market is quiet, and prices un changed. There is little wheat offering. Holders offer Adelaide wheat at 7s. Victorian has been sold at 5a. 91., but it was am nferior sample. Melbourne, September 18. No business is doing. The steamer Hero has arrived from Liverpool, 57 days out. She brings papers to August 30. The Hero was a blockade runner; she belongs to Bright Brothers, and is intended for the New Zealand trade. Sir Charles Darling has consented to become patron of ihe Iloval Society. There has been a large meeting of cricketers to arrange for the opening match of the season. The Melbourne amateurs have given a benefit to Miss Julia Matthew?, who is on the evoot' departure for New Zealand. The house was crowded. An address and a gold bracelet were presented to Miss Matthews. Keenan has bseu sentenced to ten and Cain to eight years on the roads for sticking up a uian named Stack, a gold-buyer, near Dayles ford. 