TO CORRESPONDENTS. Several letters are in type. Communications addre-scd (o us arc constantly rejected ia consequence of our rule not bt ing com plied with, that every letter must be authenticated pit the real name and eddres- of the writer. Extra v'aqancb apart, wo admit that the event which has set all England in a Same of vivacious loyalty, affects us in an equal degree, the citizens of Mel- lioiirne, by their preparations fbf to morrow's festivity, have shown tlieni- solves determined not to he outdone in external demonstrations of loyal entlm- B'liute by their home kindred. With respect to tho amount actually spent in J s doing homage to the voces of the 1 Prince of Wales and tho Princess i Alexandra, we have nothing to say, 1 for tiie money disbursed in this cele- . bration is no criterion as to the < degree of loyalty entertained by the population. Thc'Danks may endeavour to outshine the moon with the aid of the Melbourne and Collingwood gas com panies, but tho loyalty and affection of the colonists is to an equal extent manifested by the lowly laborer who exhibits unpretentiously his rushlight transparency. To-day is in every essential a fete, and wo rejoice to notice that officialism has not interfered in this instance to prevent the thorough enjoyment of the people. There is no need to quote history for the purpose of exciting the enthusiasm of the colonisls, for national schools, cheap literature, and popular burlesques have done all the service to historians that this generation can perform. Eight centuries linve indeed disclosed a wonderful result. The Danish invasion of 180-3 is accompanied by the orange flower and the olive branch. The Danish Vikings exist no longer, and in their place we have a generous nation cementing their alliance with their island brethren by giving tliein a daughter of their Royal House. There was a sort of rehearsal lastnight of the illuminations, and we may at once say, that the display is creditable to the position of tho city, in its relntion to the British Empire. All classes seem to agree in the propriety of making tho holiday real nnd complete, and we hear that the police department has taken every precaution to ensure the citizens against the practices of such disloyal members of the light- lingered fraternity who object to taking a holiday with the remainder of the com munity. For the especial information of those who go down to the city on wheels, wo reprint the following extract from the Corporation code of regulations : — " All north and south streets between " Lonsdale and Flinders streets will be " closed from five o'clock p.m. until " midnight. Persons coming in over " Princes bridge in vehicles to view " tho illuminations, may either drive by " Flinders street enst, Spring street, " and down Collins street to William " street, and so on in line ; or by Flin- " ders street west and tho west side of " William street into Bourke street, " and thence eastward to Spring street, " and so on in line. Vehicles from " other directions will in like manner " join the line at the eastern end of " Collins street or the western end " of Bourke street. There will be a " stand for carriages and another for " cars in Flinders street, from the Mel- " bourno Railway Station, extending " towards Richmond ; ears on the north " side carriages on the south side of tho street. Carriages and oars not left " oa the stand will he required to pro- " ceed. nt a walk along the centre of " the street without stopping. The " police have strict injunctions to cany " out these regulations, and to arrest " all persons attempting to infringe " and west streets, or in the narrow : " streets between Lonsdale and Flin- " ders streets, will he stopped by the " police and taken charge of for the " night." Fitzroy, Collingwood, Richmond, . Prahran, Carlton, and indeed all the suburbs have made arrangements to ensure the festive observance of the . holiday in their respective districts. Indeed, never in the history of this country has the feeling of attachment to her Majesty's family been so unmis- 1 takeably evoked. We should like to know what opinion an intelligent foreigner — say, for example, one of the officers of the Djambi — would form of our public buildings. Their conception is, in almost every in stance, magnificent, but their execution comes lamentably short of the original design. With the exception of the Treasury, scarcely one of our public offices is complete ; the others, although doubtless architecturally promising, look just now as if they were either in chancery or were the property of an insolvent contractor. Commenced during a period of factitious prosperity, when, like a young spendthrift just fallen into his inheritance, our legislators fancied that they never could come to an end of their wealth, the Government offices of this metropolis have been planned on a scale far beyond our present re quirements, and larger than will, in all probability, be required during this generation. The pitfalls at the end of Collins street, which are facetiously termed the foundations of the new Chief Secretary's office — the Parliament Houses almost as large as the Palace at Westminster, nnd the new St. Martin's-le-Grand erecting at tho corner of Bourke street, are melancholy instances of thoughtless nnd reckless extravagance. But the buildings having been commenced, nnd advanced considerably towards com pletion, tho question remains what is to ue done with them. Arc they to remain unfinished, a prey to the hot wind of summer, and the cold rain of winter, or are we not rather to make the best of a had bargain, and finish them, even though partially at the charge of that posterity which will he principally bene fited by our architectural eccentri cities? Such was the policy pro pounded by some of the ministerial supporters early in the session, and partially embodied in the Lunatic Asylum Loan Bill recently passed through the Legislative As sembly. Au exemplification of the advisableness of finishing our Govern ment buildings lias recently occurred. The lease of the Telegraph Office, a portion of the Exchange in Market Square, has come to an end, and Mr. Macho wan has to look about for new quarters. He can indeed obtain shelter where he is nt present at the modest rental of L800 per annum, hut why should he not find refuge in the Custom-house. We shall he told lhat Mr. Anderson cannot find room for his own subordinates, and that the Inspector of Distilleries and the Immigration Agent are even now located in King street; hut why ihould the finest site in Melbourne ' je rendered hideous by two ugly piles ; if unfinished masonry — the Custom- i liouse and the Western market ? j Architecturally they are eyesores ; commercially they aro disgracefid. j Belter a cottage, if complete, than a palace falling into ruins before it is | half built. Will not some of the city ! members take this matter in hand ? ! Mr. Cohen was very anxious, last session, to have tho police court com pleted. Will his zeal stop there ? At the meeting of the City Council, held yeUcrdiy afternoon, but little business was trnnsneted, ns the members did not nppenr anxious to do much work. Addresses of con gratulation to her Majesty, and the Prince and Princess of Wales, were unanimously adopted, nnd nilcr the Councillors bad arranged to bend the procession to-day, tlic meeting separated. Itiss'jpgcstcd Hint the illuminations through out. Melbourne, this evening, should all he lit at one hour, say eight o'clock, and that all the public lamps should he extinguished, for the pur pose of giving additional brilliancy to the illumi nations, and also of economising the supply of gas. A popular feature in tlic amusements provided by tlic corporation of Melbourne for the rejoicing of to-day, is the rowing matches on tiie upper Ynrra. The committee to whom was entrusted tiie arrangement of the programme of rowing events met last evening nt Marshall's, for the purpose of receiving entries, which, when filled, presented eight races in four-oired gigs. Though the prizes offered to the amateurs were almost insignificant, yet such was tlic desire to testify their loyalty, and to add their quota to the amusement of tlic occasion that every one of tlic clubs sent entries for one or two crews to take part in the races. The committee further offered a prize of L10 for watermen's fours, which were entered for by crews from the upper Yarra and Snndridge. It was resolved tint the racing should commence nt liaif-pnst one, and be continued nt iutervals of twenty minutes, nnd that erews not at the post within ten minut s of the time should be disqualified. The appoint, incnts of stn ter and judge were satisfactorily arranged, nnd wc may add that the course is from Princes Bridge to Spring street ferry, so thnt the finishing of all tiie races may he seen from the Government reserve. The Melbourne Railway Company will run trains to-day every half-hour, from Melbourne to Chapel street, np to one o'clock nt night, and on the Hawthorn branch, up to twelve p.m. The Melbourne and Holison's Bay Railway Com pany also announce that they will run additional trains to-day from Melbourne to St. Kilda and Snndridge. At tho Criminal Sessions, yesierday, John Winter nnd Frederick Smith, were charged with illegally removing roods attached by a messen ger of the Insolvent Court ; Winter was con victed, and Smith was acquitted. A respectable looking man, nnmcd Michael Shaaahan, was convicted of the nbduetion of one Clara Wals- dorf, a girl under the cge of sixteen years. Sen tence was postnoued in each ease. Thomas Gidley, a publican and squatter near Beecli- worlh, was indicted for cattle stealing, but the evidence was very inconclusive, and he was ac quitted. The ca'ehad been previously tried at Becehworth, but the jury there were unable to agree. Tlic Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society hag to acknowledge the following dona tions ill kind and money, lor the festive treat of this day to the inmates, viz.: — Messrs Hope nnd King, LI Is; Mr Allnrd, butcher, hind quarter of veal; Mrs Rhodes, LI ; Messrs Murcott and Terry,! hogshead of ale; Mr G. Nicholson, 1 cheese ; Mrs Mnyne, 1 case of sherry; MrStnrr, lot of turnips, cabbages, etc.; The Oriental Steam Mills, lewt. dressed rice. Tnejiiu ci.ii.es linn, ii ruiiium mis ocen eiu-( rent iu Ballaarat, during the last two or three days, of serious defalcations having been disco vered in the accounts of a bank agent who lias charge of n braneii establishment in the country district. The deficiency is set dowu at L4000, or thereabouts, nnd it issnid that the agent has been suspended while inquiry is being made. Yesterday morning, a man rnmed Joseph Bartlett, a nigiitman residing in Little Bourke street, was brought to the Melbourne Hospital suffering from fracture of the jaw nnd other in juries. It appears tlmt tiie innn was lying drunk in a gutter, and when roused by a police man, gDt up and made Ids way, followed by the policeman, to his employer's stables. Oa enter- ing, n Horse KicKetl out at turn, nna striking Jum on the jnw knocked him down, and, hut for the policeman, tlic man would have sustained further injuries, as tho horse was a very vicious one. An ordinary meeting of the Royal Society was convened to be held yesierday evening, Dr Macadam, V.l'., took tlic chair, hut in conse quence of the gercral excitement in preparing for Hie illumination it was resolved to adjourn tho meeting to the 8th proximo. A special meeting, however, will be held on Monday next. Tito first of a series of Monday evening con certs wns given yesterday evening, nt the Town- hid, l'rahran, under the direction of Mr C. E. Hcrslcy. The encouragement nffurded, how ever, was not by any means equal to the enter tainment provided, the hull being but moderately filled. The pieces were well selected, the opening being the " National Anthem," sung by Jlisa 0. Hamilton, who also rendered " Sweet Spirit, Hear my l'rnyor," and tlic grand scena from tho-opera of Her Freischutz, " Till Doom for lifbi do Languish." A new song, by B. Richards, appropriate to tho times, " God Floss the l'rinco of Wales," was received with great npplattsc. Mr C. E. Horslcy played with his accustomed ability two solos on the pianoforte; and Mr Seliott gnvc several variations on tlic eonce tina. The next concert will take place on Monday evening, tlic fioth inst., at St. Georgc's-knU. At the City Court, yesterday, Robert Woollen.!, on remand for embezzlement, was discharged in the absence of the prosecutor. A mnu nnmcd Brown, who had been exported from Tasmania against his will, gave himself up to the police, ns being illegally at large in Victoria, nnd, because there was no enso against hiin and lie was discharged, he expressed his indignation. The Thaisino of tiib Hoese.— During my long career among tho Arab tribes I have soeii and watcliod tho breeding of moro than ten thousand colls, and I am certain that all thoso whoso education did not coinmenco vory early, and was not directed, moreover, on good principles, turned out faulty, viciotie, and, in gonoral, good for nothing. So much am I persuaded of tiie necessity of oarlj instruc tion, that invariably, iu my travels, when I was under tits necessity of buying horses, I rofused thoso which hud not been mounted at tho age of eighteen month". " IIow lias thy horse been bred ?" was always tny first ques- lion. " My lord," replied tiio city Arab, " this grey jjwel of tho river lias been reared like one of iny own children, 1ms always been well fed, well nursed, and well taught j I only mounted him when full four ycare. So'e how sleek iiis skin and how glossy liis mono ! " " My friend, keep thy liorso. i to is clearly thino own, and thy family's pride; and slmme upon my white board were I to deprive thee of ititn." " And tliou;" I tiion addressed a son of the desert, sunburnt front head to foot ; " how lias tliou bred .thy horse ?" " My lord," lie answered, "f.om his earliest youth I have uceustoined iiis book to the saddle, and iiis mouth to tho bridle. When etill young, ho has carried rao for, far into tiie desert j m-my days without drink, and many nights .vbliout food. His flanks look naked, it is true ; but, bolicvo me, should over you meet falso friends on iho road, ho will not leavo you iu trouble. I swear it to you by tho oath of Doomsday, wlton God will sit as ICadi, and the angels us witnesses." "Halloo servants, tio tho chestnut liorso to tho tont, and entertain my Arab friend."— The Morses ofihe Sahara. By Glo.ieral Daumas, 