PRESENTATION OF A TESTIMONIAL to Mr AldermanHEWLETl.JP A number of the subscribers to the Howlett Toatimiuial assembled on Thursday evening at the Hart Inn, Wollon- gong, to witness the presentation Mr J W Wilshire oxupied the chair, and aftt-ra few remarks proccodot to read tho following address - ' lo George Hewlett, Esq , J P "Sir-The subscribers to the testimonial which is this cvcniDg- presented to j ou are anxious, by menus of u short address to still further express their appreciation ot the manner in which, fore period of eleven years, you performed the duties of postmas er at V» ollongmg ' In the peiformance of your dutiss during that Ion? period vour conduct was distinguished bj an nmount of ctuitcsj and gentlemanly bearing that haB won for j >u the mp«ct and esteem of allolasresot the community-of« hieb, the- iestmionial and addrtea this evening presented to j ou are, the) feel but a slight recognition . It is not, however, m the performance of your public duties nlono that you have gained their äff ctiou und esteem but by the high integrity and manly sir ugUtfor waidntse which have distinguished you m your averidaj intercourse with jour follow townsmen, and thej foel pleasure in availing themselves of the opportunity which your letirement from the office of Postmaster prosents, to mark the estimation in which j ou are held ' K\er couitunis aliko to all classes of the commuait), and o\ er ready to dovote your time and ability m the pro motion of n good cause, j our friends feel an a nouut of pieuhure which they find a difficulty m expressing in p-o renting jou with this address, und oulv regret that it should not more fully express their reco¿mtion of jour pubho services and your unvote worth Thej liutt, however, that m future j ears the testimonial which is this evening presented you, as woll as this short address may call forth pleiaurable emotions, ona enable you tt> look back with pleasure to the time whan in tho aj live business of life 3 ou succeeded in obtaining the kind wishes and respect of those amongst whom jour lot was caBt " 'Yt ifhing you, Sir, all health and happiness, and with an ardent wiEh that you may be long spared aniongBt us - We remain, J ours truly and aflectionately, " Jo« nr Wood Wusimip " Signed on behalf of the subscribers May 2lst, 18S3 Mr Vi llshire then handct} the te tunenial to Mr Hewlett, which consisted ef a handsome tea service of solid fcilver, weighing about eighty five ounces A suitable inscription was engraved on the tea put, and the whole ser- vice, consisting of tea and coffee pot cream jug and sugar basin, was contained in a neat case lined with velvet Accompanj icg the testimonial was the list of subuenbers, containing upwards of 100 names Mr Alderman Hewlett, on rising, eaid that before com- ing there he had felt that he dare not trust hionolf to speak citemperaneou'ly, and he had thereforo written tue folio v wg replj 1 which he would reid to them - "Mr Chairman and Gentlemen,-I must orave your in- dulgence to night, as it would be lmpobsihlo for me to oesenbe the feelings that pervado mv heart, for if there has bren one desire more deeplj impressed upon my soul than another (of course leaving out of view the things pertaining to the future life) it has been the wish to merit, or at least to obtain the good will, the sympathy, and esteem of my neighbours, those with whom I am in daily oontact, and now before me in the presence of so many mot together to do me honour. And m this exquisitely beautiful testimo nial 1 have ihe strongest evidence that my desirois gratified, that 1 have succeeded in gamme, that esteem and good will w bich 1 do and ever 6hall prize ' I hope, sir, that I shall not be considered too egotistical if I say 1 laid it dewn as a rule of lif» to do unto othora as I would thev should do unto me, that 1 have desired ever to remember that n soft answer turneth aw ay wra*.h 1 do not E8V, sir that 1 havt always succeeded in carrjing out th°8o rules, I should have been more than human if I h id I willingly oonfess this night that 1 have occasionally said tbirigB in public which have (unintentionally on my part) given oflence to some, but I assure you I havagriavei over 11 more than tbey, una most heartily do I ask that such cceurrcnces may be forgiven and forgotten I do not think there can be any man living in our dis t let more attached to it than myself I consider înjsalf one of the old hunde, as I came to live permanently ia "VI ollongong m 18-tS consequently 1 know much ot tua r te and progress c1 our beautiinl district It was not what it nuw is, having vastly improved in wealth, importance, und appearance W ill you excuse me Mr Chairman and cti tieu cn, if 1 claim 6omo small share in having »del in ne improvement I do not believe sir, that ibeie is any oiher district in the colony, of its si/e, 1 cFKseing so manv appliances for the moral social, and spiritual eievution of the people If j ou look Bir, at our churches und chapels our school« and ¡school of Arts &.c , _ t eui} do they thickly stud our town but thej aro to to found in every nook and corner of the surrounding o ntrj It has been thought and said, sir, that wo are a divided pi opie, that there io much partisanship amongst us come t uics it might have appeared so but to a large extent it baa b min atpearance oelj If we had not possessed cheia cements in our nature, we should not have prov ed the energetic pereevenug peor, le that I maintain wo have doue JSo doubt we occasionally eland strong to our individual '"ft-iua But, Mr, um ant uno section of the community desire to build a church or chapel, where did tho money con e from did the Government provide it ' Did the parti- cular tea find it all s No Bir, all hands put their fingers into tbeir pockets, and the thing was done Sir, I gbry in ti e people of Illawarra, thej ore a kindly dis osed, open beaned, liberal people Did we not subscribe handsomely, cheeifully, for thoBe who were distressed by the Crimean war the Indian rebellion, the floods, 6-c I trust we ehall still continue to progress, that we shall strive to cultivate kindly feeling for each other, and that us a community, we shall be found more than ever pulling together for the advancement of our district, for the development of ita vast resources, for its progress in edu- cation, merahty, and religion " Ctming back to myself, and the testimonial you have presented to me on this occasion. What Gan I say to such ¿mérous friends f It is impessible I can say all 1 feel I thank j ou who ara present oswell as tho aoEert contri- butors., from my heart- 1 receive it as a token of siacare eMctni on jour part, at the same time deeply foaling that j eu have, m jour kindness verv lar overestimated mv desert., and assure you that you could not have given me anything more m accordance with mvown taBte, or more acceptable to my farmli A testimonial at once valaablo OEe/ul and ornamental, assuring you that, solong as I live, ii rbull bo preserved with assiduous care, and »hen I die I eLall leave it to my son, to be to him a standing memento ci the kindness of the people of Illawarra to hie father, and an incentive to him te strive to wia at least equal reBpect end tsttem" Mr Hewlett then proceeded to say that there wis one 1 trson whom he could have wished had been present, and lhul was his old fatbei, for be felt assured that the proceed- ings that evening would have excited in bun the most p!ia£urhblee_olifenB Thev might not bo aware that his iütttr was tor j ears a "Dissenting minister m England, but hid bien induced to immigrate to the colony, bringing vuh bim his familj of nine children and a small capital Ile hod been a resident m this district for somo time, and th^n took up his residence at Melbourne, where his congre g tion built a church Í r him at a cost of £5000, and where ht (Mr Hewlett) was happy to say his father had obtuned a large amount of respect and esteem Ab he had eaid bo io c, it would have c. ven him much pleasure had his futter been present, but he would, no doubt, through other nenne be wade acquainted with the kindness that had beea fcLown his ton that ovening He felt bound, before he oat down, to thank those friends who had exerted thomselves jn procuring the testimonial that had just been presented to hiu> , und he fe It more especially bound to thank his friend, Wr Pi arson, who had been unusually active in this matter 'ibis inibbt appear Étrange to Borne persons, as, to a certain t j.Knf, he and Mr Pearson »ere hvuIb in business, but he could aEture tbem that throughout the most friendly feel- ings had existed between tbem After once more thanking those present for the honour tbey had done him, Mr Iliwlctt resumed his seat amidst loud cheers Mr b J Pearson eaid that ae he ha4 bean nltuded to by Wr Hewlett, be might be permitted to siy that ho hal felt guut pleasure m the work that he had undertaken, but not more so thin he would have fait m the case of any one else who might bave been equally deserving Mr. Richard Waring thought It only right to propose a v*te of (banka to Mr Pearson for the manner in which he had cseited himself, end the motion having been seconded £>y Alderman Lett and supported bj Alderman Allen, was carried unanimously amidst loud cheers Champagne and other wines wera then placed upon the table, and the health of Mr Hewlett was drunk with o'l honour» Several other healths were proposed and after nu hour spent in social harmonv the meeting Boparated AP1AIN COOK AND BOTANY BAY-Reduc tton of SO per cent mado to schools taking a dozen copies Sent va all parta of the country on reoeipt of four ton penny stamps COLE, 230, Pitt street_ f ARMER'S NEW DRUG ESlABLlbllMKNT, JL_ Wholesale and Retail, 323, George stieet, IKow landed, large and valuable shipments of fresh English drugs chemicals, and patent medicines M holes-e and retail orders exocutua upon the lowest terms Country storekeepers e-plied. Shipping erders cxect tul with dtrpsfch. Medicine eheste refitted with the bestdrugB. , Beeswax purchased-2 tons wanted, CENTRAL CUMBERLAND ELECTION - Mr J H A1KINS0N S Tricnds will hold Publio Mictings at th< following places, on the davs m-ntionod, i oi b evening al 7 o'clock - "V\HSDbOR ROAD, for Batilkam Hills-S1TUR DA Y 30th Mav, at J Schofle] Ta PEN NAN! HILLS-TULnDAY, 2nd Tuno, at Green *, Cricketer « Arms PARRAMATTA-THURSDAY, 4th Juue, at the Court House_ H ÂTÎv I N S O N, Eso , 1 OR CENTRAL CUMBERLAND. ( onimitteoforeonmng Mr Atkinson Bro eleotton, Messrs T 1 Rviin, M L A Mcssts 1 Amos David Bell, M L A W Bjrnis M L C Bubard Driver, jun, M L A Captain Jone», R N , J P Mcrsrs Vi llliam Rundle W G Ilonfroj 1 P Lamb I Bell J Edrop C Ledger S Bennett S Bather 1 1 Neale, J P I Hood 1 May E Vi rencn \ldrrn an Cnrahcr Captain Evans Messrs J York 1 Hilt J Boyle V Collision C Bunker H 1 hompson W Munro A Lenehan J P A loogood a Pujton 1 Ashcroft J Bupgy W Ward G Davis T 1 Neala J P J T Neale, J P r Hums R Peisloj W Peislev J Meredith T Hurley J Neale A Davis J W Andrews 1 Barbor G Mooro H Brcikepoar W Themps3u \- G illicit K Bull A W îlson 1' Manton C Loiter W W ßogov J Mooro J P G thornton, J P. W lindall 1 1 ibsim nona R Hobarts, J P C \orko T Wcarno T Wearne ) Wbeelor W «ard c EN T RAL CUMBERLAND ELECIION. ATKINSON S LH ERPOOL COMMUTEE Captain Jones li N Mr 1 Ashcroft Janies M ulker John Isowlan "Vi illiam Ceok Josh Kingston G M Haigh Janies Mehlllo kathamel Parnell Charles M Farlane H Breakspear 1 bomas « ade, jun David Bell, Esq Mr J Gilhck Mathew Walker Alfred Wilson Robert Clvde William Hatton Mr 1 Burling H Roukley William Thompson 1 bomas Durley i roderick Mikin Henri thompson C L liailoj bsq Mr Chirles Bunker 1 hompson Thomiis Henson Pater Mantov cr 1 homas Hilt Charles Roborts James M Garry I homas Molloy I lvimostc-r Peter Jones John lindall ATKINSON S SMITHFIELD COMMUTEE Mr. S A Macken/io Mr 1 Shepherd W Davis W Hook S Critchley J Skeino li Hamilton W B Joños James Ainsloy 1 homas Downey John smith Stimpson J Civil 1 Critchley With power to add to their number ATKINSON' S BLACKTOWN COMMITTEE Mr, Doherty George Smith George Goldfinch Richard Wall George Leabon J P Fitzsimmona John Leo Walter Cook George Leabon, jun Mr. E Cook Thomas Delany W. M'Intosh John Grainger Frederick Warner George Thompson George Cook Charles Cable CENTRAL CUMBERLAND ELEC1 ION - Mr. ALLAN MACPHERSON for Central Cumborland Public MEETINGS, at wnieh Mr MACPHERSON will attend and address the electors will be held during the present week at the undermentioned places and times - Blacktown, SATURDAY EVENING, 30th May, at I itzsimmons' Inn The meetings to commence at 7 o'clock tMKAL CUMBERLAND ELLCUON - COMMITTEES formed, with the personal con- sent of the electors named, to secure tue election of Mr ALLAN MACPHERSON LI\ ERPOOL COMMITTEL Mr T, Finnegan Mr 1 beaifo A Munro W Rose W Tinch S Exlov John Brown P M Hoiking i bomas Pearce Stephen Pearce Svdney Davie John Hatfield JameB BowleB J W Hosking Stephen Peters Jonas Wheeler George J< hntton Jamen M Garry "W M'"\\\ llliams, sen W M'Williams, jua J W Bogie J D Brown R Nelson G H Curta With power to add to thw number SM11H11ELD COMMITTEE. Joseph Renvon, J P. Mr J J Watt« Mr Cook Williams Collings Noble M Ken/ie Klug Prico Elliott W King Price Elliot J Hodges 1 hurle Maskcljn D Rose J King Murry B btciuo Ashdown S Brown Herford J Konyon, jan It Simpson rit7patriclv Montgomery Wells Uumett Stratford Pike, Auetiu With power to add to their number CABRAMATTA COMSIliTEL Mr H N Rowley Mr A Solomon A "-olomon S Solomon h Feiern H M Kinnon G Minchin J Miuchin JthnBijant M M Gilvory George Rolfe With power to add to their number IllIbHIOWN COMMIT IEE Henry M'Sweney Joseph Donnelly Michael fccanlan William Juby Patrick Finley John Hunt John Delaney Henry Feast John M'Quillon William Wright Thoms, Sole William Crow. With power to add to their number PARRAMATTA COMMITTEE Mr. Henry Harvey Mr James Pjo John Good Dr Gwynne William ¡smith Mr R C Rutter J M Kelly Thomas Ireland R H Moxham Thomas Stowart John Stewart George Douet Thomas Gilbert E Mason Matthew Pierce Richard Gilbert Carson M Brien Darnel Kennedy. With power to add to their number FIELD OF MARS COMMITTEE "Mr. Georgo Spurway, sen. Mr. Samuel Ogden Henrj Johnstone John Brown William Spurway Charles Cook James Spurway Thomas Lang William lutt Henry Jacobs George Spurwaj.iun. Michael Dobbin i homas H HughcB Thomas Barrett Edward Ballard Patrick Rj an William W. Hitchcock James Muir John Mobbs Thomai Staunton William King John Walker W llliani Ej los Samuel Lawrenoe James Esles Adam Thomson George Drury William Brown Michael Green Peter Callaghan W llliatn Milla George Cook Robirt Jordan Ldward Ryan Joseph Cutts Thomas Pate Henry Curtis Robert Saunders With power to add te their number BAULKHAM HILLS COMMITTEE. G B Suttor, EEq , J P Mr James Pye Mr William Stmtn, sen. William Smith j un i Joseph Fuller Mathow Pearce J Johnson Timothy Brien John Crony William Smith Thomas Ireland Samuel Tuckwell Jomes Ling James Black James Tamsett, Ben Jamos Tatnsett Jim Robert Power James Dnllow William Wright Edward Power Simon Moulds Frederick Mewrant John Meero John Stowart G Gwynne JameB Stewart J Kelley James M Donald J Brown With power to add to their number. DURAL COMMITTEE Mr, IhornaB Williams Mr John Kirk Thomas Fuller Samuel Warner Robert Fuller nenry Tompkins John Black OwenJoncB Henry Black Joseph Casbert James Waddell George 1, Hunt With power to add to their number, SYDNEY COMMITTEE The following gentlemen have pledged themselves to use every effort to secure the return of Mr. ALLEN MAC- PHERSON. Mr. J. Williams Mr J Smith J, Dent Magrath Lacey Young HoekingB Sadler Long Parsons M'Kono Campbell J lukins Wilson With power to add to their number. CTNTRAL CUMBERLAND ELECTION-VOTE 1011 AIKINSON, who never attended to his duties Should ho honour jou bv attending nnj of the int(tin(.s advertised, ask him tho foi In wu gquestion« but i r fear it roi_,ht bo unpleasant to answer thom, I will do so for bim - 1st How many times, Mr Atkinson did vou attend tho House Ibu 1 ist tcesiou, out of the 1"G divtsiona ' Answer lo tin cs therefore, ha «as al «ant 131 mealings ii d How niunj timcB did you attend the House out of ti» 207 times tbo C< ii millee divided ? Answer 62 times therefore al ecnt 215 timen J ho House wns counted out 26 times, and Mr Atkinson vins never presen CENTKIL CUMBER1 AND-Brother Llectors - 1 should bo one of the last men in tho world to treat uni índlj the unfortunate But there should bo propriety in men a actions No man shoull covet a soat m Pirln nient who is not thoroughlj independent An insolvont man cannot be ludopendent His motivo in atteiiiplmg io get into tbo Asseiiulj, or in permitting his trienis to put him there l8 a v-orj questionable proceeding Mr Atkin son has not «nnoinced himself a candidato but ho han allowed his InendB to noi malo him nud to hold montitigs on his behalf la this to bo tolerated' If one niomber can taRo his scat, being insolvent, so san the 72 members ' And then what u atranca Parliament wo should have ' Our laws-our le^ibhtivo and our executive Hwa and adm ins tuition conducted bv men who aro insolvent ' Men of Cumlerland bo up and at work ' Ifjoudonot npprovo of Macpherson, bring forward a batter man Bu» lttitn tbetaidtbit tho Metropolitan County could only return tin insolvent1 CENTRAI CUMBERLAND) LECTION -I lootors are informed Mr \LL\N MACPilblvSOV the j resent CBniVate, is no1 tho Chiel Commissioner of tjo Insolvent Court who ib at present managing Mr Atkin son k affaire C1 M RAL CÜMBERLAVeTULt CUOV - ÛkïtT son and tho Chínese for iver Voto fir Atkiosoa and dear tea and tugar and no St ita aid Vota t r Atkinson vi ho newr attended to hi« duties ENÏRAL CUMBERLAND ELEC1 IO V - loo friends of Messrs W DE\N RAVDLfc, mi MARUN GIBBONS are partioul irlj re juostod to notice that two "penal POLLING PL ICES nt H ulam s Cretk and tho Windsor Hold hivo THIS DAY bean added to the former list for their solu use and convnnienco ly oidpr t f tbo lion C Cowper and tho Executive Council EMRAÏ CUMBERLAND ELLCTION - Fliotors Mr Atkinson the prisent cindidtte, has not found it convenient to answer tho questions in your advertising columns theref re I hav o a rifcht to prosuma thoj aro true if vour lito representative could not or would not ittend to his duties aro v ou foolith enough to ra elect i manwhoonlj studied Ina own interests by attending hia duties when ho thought t roper5 sbame uoon the iiipn who could ho base enough to v ito for a tuan so cillous ti their interests '-how tbo present supporters of Mr Atkinson that you hive manhood enough not to ba cijolod Ij any clip trip thav can bring against Mr M\C 1H1RSON who has time and will devjta his onert,ioi (if returned) for jour benefit Rallvround MACPHERSON, and romerabor MJ1T BY BALLOT _AN ELLCTOR CENIliAl ( UMBKRLAND LLECTION - \oto for A1 K IN SON Hia opponent« compl un that ho dous not attend so n anj meetings ne somo others So much tho better He is nil there when ho ib wanted as the district can teetifv from the material advantages thoy have obtained during the time bo baB represented tham Therootetoo man j talking parrots in tho House airead v CENTRAL CUMBERLAND ELECl ION-Notice is berely given that a A\ nt hoB been received by me from tho Honorable JOHN HAY" Fsquiro, Speaker of the Legislative Aseemblj, dated the 29th April, for tho eloc lion of a Member to serve in the Legislative Assemblj ia the room ei Juno Henrj Atkinson, Esq reigned and that the nomination will take place on the 3rd June at 12 t clock noon at Liverpool and in the event of tho oleottou being contested tho polling will take placo on tha Gth June, commencing nt 9 a m , and closing at 4 p m JOHN LACKEY, Returning Officr I HEREBY givo notice that POLLING PLACLb have been established at the following localities' for the ensuing Election for Central Cumberland vi/ - P lrramatia-At the Police Office Liverpool-At the Police Oflica Sydney-At tho Police Ofbca Prospect-At Smith e Baulkham Hills-At Ireland a Dural-At schoolhouse Pennant Hills-At Mr Bellamy a Marsfield-At King s Windsor Road-At Schofield s Smithfield-At E Browen s Irishtown-At Leech s Cabramatta-At Conlan s Cross Rcada Parramatta Road-At v\ llliams a JOHN LACKEY, Returning officer TkTEW BOOKS and NEW EDITIONS, recoived bv _^ SHEK1UH and DOWNING The Life and limea of Saint Bernard, Abbot of Clairvaux, by Jumes Cotter Morrison Farrar b Bnnipton Lectures, Critical History of Treo Ihought Connueutarics on Shakespeare, by Professor Gervinus lhcliintrj and I kasnnt Chronicle of Little Jehan Do Samtru Brins-li Land and Froh Wiitír Mnllusks by Lovell Reevo Noilh tiid Somh, bv ihe White Republican of ' 1 rasar « Mn"a/int Memoir of Chii*lo[ ht r North 2 vols Medilatione on Death and Eternity, translated bylredenka Kowan KdineoP e Biblical lit searches in Palc-tino, 3 \M Evtrj Man'« Uwn Law j er by a Barrister the 1 ast Uny ui Our Lords Passion, by Rev William llama L L D lllustrnttd london News, volume 41 Labourers in the \inujard, by the author of "Nothing to do' C nuderations tn the Pentateuch bj Isaic lajlor Ricolltel ens of the Conservation Parties of tho Rev CharleB t-m eon Mi moir of George Wibon, M D Mun uxd his Dwelling Placo, bj James Hinton The Gospel in Madagascar, an Acejunt of tho English Mission The Boj hood of Marlin Luther, by Henry Ma; hew iselitiionB fiom tho Poetical Works of Robert Browning A Morning Leeide the Lake of Galileo, by JameB Hamil- ton, D D Remains in "Verso and Proso of Arthur Henry Hallam Seed for Spring lune by William Landais Life in Heaven, by tbe author of Heaven our Homo Line upon Lino 3 parta the Pathwav of Promise Bonar's Hymns of lanh and Hope tho Faithlul Promi-er Sunday Echoes m Week day Hours God b Glory in the Heavens, by Principal Leitch Our Companions m Gloty, bj Rev J M Killen Dr Vaughan s Lectures on the Philippiana Riddle » bcnplure History Winslow" B bjmpathy of Christ with Man Rtcreations of a Country Faraón I G raver Thoughts of a Country Parson Prajmg and Working, Rev W i Stevenson The Old Lieutenant and hu Son, 2 vols, by Rev. Dr. Macleod Ejee and Ears, bj Henry Ward Beecher Gleig's Battle of Waterloo Keith's History and Destiny of the World and the Church Cundhth's Scupture Churactcis Candlisha iwo Gicat Commandments Candlish on the Atonement Milla' Principles of Political Economy, 2 vols. Calvin's Institutes ot the Christian Religion 2 vols The City of the (saints bj Richard 1 Burton Smiles' Livcb of the Engmaers, 3 vols Siluria, bv bir li J Murchison Sinai and Palestine, bv a P Stanley, D D Murray's MiBeiona in WesU rn Polynesia The Chase of the A\ lid lied D»er, by Charles P Collyna Rawlinson's Ancient Monarchies, vol 1 Dalhousie s Administration of British India, vol 1 Mill a SjBtem of Logic, i vols Colonel Torrens' Travels in Ladak, Tartary, and C ishmere De La lu o'b Reminiscences of tha Lite of Count Cavour Marsh a Origin and History of the English Language History ol Gibraltar, bj Captain Say er Niphon and Pe-che. li, or Two Years iq Japan und China, by E. B De FonblanqueJ live Mjnlha on tbo Yang ls¿e, by ThomaB W. Blakiston Herechel s OutlmcB of Astronomy Tbo Literar. Women of England, bv Jane Williams Alter Dark, by Wilkie Collins Guy Livingstone S estiges of the Natural Hiatorv of Creotion bltrnorable Battles in English Histurj, by W II Adams Richard Langdon, or l'oreshadotvcd I he Duches« of 1 rajetto, hy tbo author of Mary Powell 1 ootfafle on the Boundary of Ar other World Vi andcrings of the Condron of Israel, hy Rov. Georgo Wagner The'J brea Marja, by Rev A Moody Stuart Civilising Mountain Men, or Sketches ot Mission Work oui ng the Karens, by M rt Mason, of Burmah Lifo in Jtius, a memoir of Mrs Marv Winslow b¡ coking lo tbo Heart bj the ltov Dr Guthrie 1 owns« nd s Manual of Dates Mitchells len Years in the United States J he Chribiian Governess, u Memoir of Miss Sirah Bennett History of West street Episcopal Chapel, London The Children's Church at Home, by the Rev. Dr Edmond, London Timbs History of the International Exhibition of 1832 M j self and My Relatives Roundabout Papers, bj W M Thackeray Pleasant Puces for Young People Mexico in 1861 und 1862 by Charlea Lempriere Fund*rsland and Sturtland, 2 vols, by W R H Joassp Aidstolaith riavdn'B Uictionury of Dates Latham's Figments of Comparative I'htlologv Hie iropicnl World bv Di O Hartwig. SHEtiMJ I and DOWNING, booksellers and station- ers, ¿ri0, Goore,t-stre',t, Sydnej F V\ P()(iK> m 1 Niw Vd time, just r-e no1 ex Ctnluii ti, tj JOHN Sv.\0-, Atton's (Urn) M« ¡'em I i I -i I r privile Umiltofl, re rlucttt to n svsteni tf rusj prictit m a hi ri a of eira fulli tested rcrcipt" nt v and revis»! edition with plates und imiiiHrnus wm rie»i« S* G1 or per put Is 8 I An Eut m li lu-tia i f Arcbtiitture Histnnoil, Ihanreiuil ino l'iaeiuul bj Jo-e|h Gwilt f urth edition, witi mt ri than 1000 weod cnj- ruvings Svo, 02s 01 Beginning 1 ifi cb ipters for vouug men ou rclignn stuilv md lunness, bj Dr. John tulloch, 4i, or por pos 4s 8 i i i f f Bovs,'Own Bjtk, atnroplita Fncvclopu ila of all tho ra emititirs Billillie, scientific anti rim itivo, with, nu mi re us illustrations, ntw edition, 10s Gd or p r pint Ils fia Bull'« (Dr ) Hints to Mothers., fourteenth odifun, Gi G1, or per post 7» 2d -Matern il Management of Chilireu ia hsaUb. nrd diffuse Ga G1 or ¡cr post 7a 2i Burke a 1 it umarj of tho Landed Gentry, fourth edition, port 1 ¡is Gd liutki a rir»ii(.t and und B ironolng» for 18G3 50i Cun pin s. Mechanical hngiuci ring, illustrated with twontv t il ht platt h of limiers steam enginos workshop-, nm chtnerj Ac , with un appendix on tho analysts of iron und iron orts, lie Gd, or per post 32s 8d Cassell s Illustrated Exhibitor, containing about thron bundrtd Illustrations with lottcrpresi descriptions of nil tbo prinnpal oljocta in iho Iuternation.il Lxhtbitiou of 18b2 Gs Gd or pti post bs Gd Cavalier i>ongs and Ballidu of England, from 1G12 ti 16S1, editid bv Charles M nek iv, Gs G J «ir por poa! 7« 21 Collins.' (\\\ llkie) Antoninu, or tho 1 all of Romo, Gs G I, or per jost 7s Gd -Dead Secret, Gs 61 or ptr post "a Gi -lllilo und Seik Gi G1 or pT po-t 7« G 1 -Queen of Hi ula Gd G1 or pur post 7* (> 1 -Woman m While 7« G1 or por post SiG 1 Ccmio Adventures of tho Young Mnn from th» I1 luntrj who thought no ona could gel onr him < n hu w ij r i visit tho Tuteinational Exhibition of 1SG2 and who went back without seeing it, photographed fiotu designs Iv Pirej Ciuikehank 4«, or tier post ii al Dnlttus Drawing ro m Pliivs und nvomug Ainu'ameuU for Chil Iren lllusiiated, 7s G1, or per post 8" 11 De Qumeij sWoiks now ami umfitiii million with por- trait and llliifilriiiiotis to ha complotai in 15 iiiu'hlj voluti es, euch o fd or per îosi Gt 4d "\ ol 13 I he Art of Convf-rsition und other Papara 1 lgbtttn Christian Cunluues, (Tin) bj tin llu\ Junes White 4th edition Eneje) | i lui Britaiuiiea a Dieu marj of Arta, Sen nee, and Gtneral 1 lltrutuu iHu-trit d with upward* ot lue tbous ind illuslr ut ins on wool uni sti I compljfi in 22 volumes h uu i in hllf russii marble odnes £33 Gûcd"\\\oidB edited b* Normen M La id with nuiiioi- us illustrations v Is frlSiO lSul 18b2 o eli 8s G1 Holj lible connut mg tho Old und New lostimant , lliustinttd bv n stlectioii from Raphal« pioturos in the Vatican freely adapted and drawn on wood by Robert Dudley bound in relievo leather, from an i nc,innl design bj OwmJoic» 2n Houdin's (Robert) the Sharper Detected and Exposed, 7s 6d, or per pest 8s 2d Keith's Evidence of theTruth of the Christian Religion dcrivtd from th« literal fulfilmmt of Piopheej 2Sth etuticu enlarged, vvnh plates 10-i or p r post Ila b 1 Iveitb Johnston s Rojal Atlas of Motbrn Goo,rraphj, in a senes of entirely original and uuthcntio maps with » complete index of easj lefcranoi to e ich mi,i, separate)}, c»mpnoing nearly 150 000 places ejnt une 1 in the allis, imperial folio, hilf li uud in morocco ir rusHa £7, deüteated bv special peiuiwai )u to her Majesty Iungslcy'B (Rev Charles) lwo \eirs Ago, 7a Gd or par post 8s Gd -.-W estw ird Ho ' 7fl G1, or per post 8- G I -(Iknrj) Geoilrej Hiimijn 7a Gd, or per po t b-Gd Lardner'fl Museum of Science und Art with numermis illustrant ns 12 vols bouutl in b lull m ince), 1' el jir pest IGs G1 Law Books-Bullen and Lt iki « Prec d^u*« of Pieiiin"s in Personal ActionMu tho Common Law Court e oui edition 10s or p r post 42s Lawrence struillv ur Oh muttons nud 1 xpenonees during twontv fiv jeirs of Bu h lite in Au»!rill» edited bj tho Rev John Graham 4s GJ trperpist nil Lvttits (frir Htlwurii Bulwer) What will he do with it lvtls 21s ( rj er post 2Gs 61 MtcVftv s Minmi ot Mid rn G oirrupbj-Mithomtticil, 1 hjsiiul nu I P lill ii emuming; .t complete duval p meut of ihe 1 iver M stems ol th j (¿lobe with i copious index, Ss Gd or pi r post Os 10J Mac) d (Rev Nor min) 1 be Gold I bro id, a 's ory for tho Y oin g illustrated us 61, or per jinst 7s 2d Mnruulav « Histirj of I ngltnri, from tho acccssua of JuiuiH 11 librarv tdillon 8\o, £.> . ?? -Ili«torj «if Lnglimd, new edition revised ani corrtttid with pot tiai t uud brief memoir, S vols, ¿1 or por pest ¡.i Gd -Critic il and Histoiicil Essije, the penp'e s edition m 2 vu!« erouu Svi, 11s or per poit 12s G 1 Mines Australian Buildt-r h Pnto Book ivm¿ avome,t tut e ntjuiretl to do nil kinds of work lu the buildiu Imdo G« or ] er pt «1 bs Gd Min of lilt Iimu u 1 logruphical dictionarv of eminent livirg eh rioters (including women), n now odttt in th ? tii.iilv iivi ed und In uah' down to tho present tin e 1 j 1 dwurd W alford 12s Gd or per post 1 is Woora s (Tü< mu") 1'oetieal W rlts completo t lition in mi voluiit with j ort rait 10s or per po t Us 3d Nnulual Alimnnck f r 1ST 1 s or per post Ga ¿d Ncrth and v nth, 1 v tbo W hilo Hoptil licvn of ' (ruera lliP /ui, 10s rr j er post 10s 01 Ncrn's C nrlctt 1 pitóme f Navi^itiou, sovanto"nfh trim u _0s or pt i | st21ubd Cur 1 eatbirtd I (ni ill« s Game and Wftor Hirds with in ancalttiuil und (Ifsiri.tivi nee unt bv li G Aiims willi lllustrati ns 14», or p impost 4s Si Owu's Tootialls on the Biuntlarv of Another World, with narrnt vi lllc-trttmnf SsGl orperpatü 11 ralis from Blatkwcnil 12 vols louud ia b half moroLOO, 3 s, orpirio t 19» Gd TV hit« e (luv Jame") History of Laglan 1 fro ii th) railitst lulus to tbo year I&jS; 8s GI, or per post K lil W orks if tbo Rn John Ilewlon to which aro prclixed Mm irs tt hiH 1 lit, bv the lit v li l ceil, 10s Gi, or per pt st 12s (ii CHI \P ^ElilFt 2s Gd * aeh or pi r post 1 "\ alex, ire A ox the "\ intnlo ¡jut Is Gd tiieh ir ptr post 2s Scott's lhrlortunrs of IN ic< 1 MartvaltsThe Pacha of Mum ruh» Disnuli's Vivian Grov JOHN SAND^-, bookseller n id fctatimer 302 George stteet TJMU PA I] M 1LLTJM1NA1LÜ BOOKMARK JL Rfts expressiv woven in silk Tho Oxf rd Mnrivrs Memorial Ribbon, 3s Gd, or frnmod &s; Gd an eltgunt design, with portraits of Bishopi Cranuur hidlev mill Latimei The Bieenttnury Ribbtn a tupirb epfcimon of the geniHi of Hit lot ni, lctrtdutintr highly finished portraits of Baxter Dr Owen Coarnock, und Howe, 5s Gd, or frnrntdlOsGd The Princt Albert Mt mort 1 P.tbbon, with beautiful prrltiut of tbo lato Pnnc usirt, andviewHOt the Ctj stal i nineo, Sjdenham uud International Lxhili tion, ¿s Gd Portraits of Shakespeare, la Gd of Wesley, Is 3d , of Sfurpoon Is , of Pope This IX Is 2d -of Cardinal Wiseman, Is 31, ditto, largo size, 29, liunjan Is Gd, John Knox, Is 3d, ditto, lnrpo ehe, 2s -of Jt hu Angelí Jiitica le Gd , Rob rt Burns, 2s -of Richard Weaver, tho convutod callioT, la JI, Garibaldi, 1b 6(1 -of Garibaldi with view of Castle of Spe-via, 2o Gd -of Rev J C Miller of Birmingham, 2s Gd -1 f Princo Albert with view of W indsorCattle, lsGl lhe Lord s Prayer, 2s , Hs w tlotn the little busv boo, 2s God nine the Queen 2s, Iho Crucifixion, le Gd. ditto, larger 2s Gd, Our ¡siviour breaking bro id 1" ditto, larger, 2s, I H b richly ambla_inaj 2s Fcco Agnus Dei Is 3d, Cross, with I H S, Is Jd ïiiitb, Hopo and Charity fhreo bands, 2s 61 Real, mart burn ¿Le , three bands, 's, bantu Mina orí pro noble three banda 2s, ditto, ona band, üd , I vvis glad &c;, three banda, 2«, Psalms and Collet, two I anti b, Is Gd Psalms nnl Pravurs. two banda, 2s, Chants and Hvnins two bands, 2s, Petilras, Holy Cr imiikniun, Collect, Litany, four bauds, 3s, anti other vans-Ins Anj one i f the nbova post fra« for 21 nxtra Ii Ii CLARKL, 3iG, Georira street, Sy'ney rjlMlV ROYAL MARRIAGE CO\Iü2B*IORA JL HON - CojIc'b Princesa Alexandra VbIpo, introducir f the colo I rated Danish nation li air, solo orduot, Is Ditto Bridal W reath pilka ma/urka, 3s li Vllert's AVedding Quadrilles 3s Marriott's Alexandra Valso (with poitrait of H. R II the PiiBcesa of Wales), 4s J Ii CLARKL S Musical Repository, 350, George rlrrr-t_ LA PRIDRK EXAUCKE (IhoPrayor granted, r< plv io the popular piree " I ho Maiden's pjavri ', n < rceau brillant prur lu piano, bj t noola Bal tr/a vska, solo 3« , duct, 4sj J ii GLAIUCL, musiosullor, 3 6, G or^o street JACKSONS celebrated 'TRDTUM," in E Uti 3s Gd , post frea, It 9d. J Ii. CLARKE 35S, Ceorpe strri t _ "ATIGB I B>LL GALOP-Now i lition, beaimfullv il illustrât»il, Ja Cd ,p ist freo, 3a Sd J II ÇLARKK. UNDI and SON'S COUAGB PlANOrOllTDS _uro very flegarit in appearauen c uistrurlotl of She bett seaaoncd materials, stand well in tune anä-poasess a splendid quality of ton« Prico v^rv moderate Piaros bv 1 rard, Broadvvood, (li Hard and Cillard, A j bjr, and otboi ci-librttted maktrs lately imported fir salo m os»y terns A largo ftock for hire, and deduction of tl_ h te mvl« in casa ef purchase Hurmonmms imported direct from the mikcrs, Mossrs, Alexandre and Co , in t,reat varietj. Mutio at half the published prura. Romau violin, violoneello, and guitar ntrlng» W H. PALING, 83 Wjnvnrd aquaro, Sjdncy PHOIOGRAPIUC ALBUMS-A now and bouutUul assortment, jusjt openod, POPE, 42u, George-etiont N RAM) iNr-UAL CLKMIING bâLEof BO >lt^> and MATIOVERY, at W'vt HADDOCK'S, oM George-street, nourlj oppowta lhe¡ Royal -Hotel. Mr M jiiavtug restilvnl bl fro etock-t ikin¿ toreduco his I nsii t large und splendid colieo'ion of warka in nil depnrfc innis of literature intends on and afteir SATLTRD *.Y, thi 2 ,rd 11 Mbj, for a short timo enly, to oiler tb.3 buno at L.rrtHv lïTDUCLiJ PRICfcS, for cash onlj, and rn«peot tullv s( licit» the attention of teachers litirnry inftitutos, ciuulrj v ..itere, und the public genorallj, to thin rare 0( I'lturntj (ß4 383, George Btrtet, nearly opposite the Royal Hotel_ JO>l lUULISHKn, "Bishop C ilsnsu's (Jritiustns tn iho Ptntiitiutb and tba Book of JosLui Answered," bvtho Rev ALEXANDER MORISON. of Melbourne Aicfonu j"obo bad at Mr. MADDOCK'», bookseller, Georg« strict P ¡ îï Â S H Ä~ 3 Ö N~. 1 IAN Or OR I h\ hv all milkers for SALK or lilli li, wilh olber advantages HARMONIUMS, bj Alexandre, the greatosl variety in the colonv MI11TARY INSTRUMENTS, by Boosey, D ntin, and Crurlois Band puits MUSIC -Operan with und without words Songa, piceos und dance music LIBRE i IOS ot all tho operas porformed by the Lyster Corapan. RFPA1RING -Musical Instruments repaired by first tlnsa wot Knien, tuning, Ac MOSS, 6, Huntcr-etreut, Wholesale, 10, Mucqnarie plice. ÏNT1 RNAIIONAL EXHIBUION, 1802-C1 wa IG Prize Mt dal awarded for' Excallenoo of Workman- ship "-C CAl>BY,ofGriv'sIiin,PutentPIA\Or01tll3 und HARMONIUM M KNIjf AC TORIES, Liquirpmd sttett, London, oilers lu« sincero thanks to tho nobility, gmtrj, und publio genorallj, for tho liberal pitronago bestowed upin lum duting the liBt tweuty jears nB a liinnufiirtiirci of pianofortes and begs to slate that having II in nsb.ii.ntd u 1 lrst-tltiss Prize for their excallenco ho ia encouraged to maintain hia increased reputation bv re- nt viidixoi tiona in notonlj selecting tho moat ¡"killel work- men und material for Ihtiir construction but also in u o in- stant and personal Blip rvision of tho sama C CADBY baa just completed Bome beautiful Gothic Librurj Cotfngo Pianofortes in oak, at prices trom 40 to 00 puîné as inch, and which are eminently euitod t« the wanta of uttidt nts and cleigjmen Specimens of thoBu, and als i of biB Concert Grand, Bichord, Semi-grand, and tho nliuoBt endless vaiiplj of his Cottngo Pianofi rtoa, mav bo scan at the pripcipui musio wurt houses throughout tho kingditii. N B- lor a dcscnpt.un of C CADBY'S Piauofoilo lind Hiriiioniuni Manufactories, «to piga 241, of tho lmsTi vu» livtis published 9th August, 18G2, uud the Engi imimw of 20th faoptemlicr J~JOITN=ÔV untl"CÔ7Pmnotirte, Harmonium, . and Music Warehouse, 233, Pitt straat, Sydney -Intending puiehasjcra of pianofortes are rospootfully in- vited to tall and inspect W J J. and Co.'s monthly ahip uiintR of verv supeiinr instruments, in ovcry varloty of won! mid design, bv oil tho first London makers,-forming (ko lui gi st und most varied stock of pianofortes m tho Australian colonies Ciidbj's Rojal Patent Boudoir tiuss braced Piauos, in ilrrrntit n sowood cases, packed for tho country in cases tin- bin d, price £42 % * Mr Cadby vins «.yarded a first class pri/o niedul by the Cninii issionir» of tho London International Exhibition el 1802 for 1 is pianos, for their excellence of workinunBhip, with til limitation. HARMONIUMS. W J J. nuil Co mo selling London-undo harmoniums (ia ors'trto redueti their lare.o stock) ut the following prices (mviietd cost) -One atop 5 ootaves, £13, th*oo ditto, ditto £20 , (hu ditto, ¿324 , eight ditto, £30 , twelva ditt £40 MU^IC in every variety, elementary and standird, and nil fnhhioniilili' tlrawmg room and dunco musía of tho dny reeuvedbj inrElhlj mail 1 lsnoiuttes ituured on tho promises by London work- men nuil if lim instrument ia «ound though thoroughly vit in out, tho oiigiiinl quality of tone and touch can lia resit n el t qnnl to when now Pianoforte tuned repaired, and roniovod A\ 3 JOHNSON and CO , 233, Pitt street, near tbo A leioriu Ihealio PIAl^OI ORIKS, H VHP«! und avery tiewcripttoa of Mnsicnl Instrumenta Tuned and Roonired by an experience el in trument matter Aildieea25 Hunter atreat. J^lANOiVORlEh-Broadwood'a Grands, with brass bridge, nnd everj recent improvement Elegant Cittnro Pianofortes new Beale, in rosewood C«.ttn¿;cs, ly ii'bor eminent makers, in olegant rosjowooi nnel walnut, now landing ex Persia and Centurion W KING, Mort'-, buildings,, Pitt-stroat. TfcTEW MU«1C Pi ANO t ORT E, and HARMONIUM X^ WARI HOUSE, Gil, Georgo-streot, established for iho salo of genuine Plumiones by COLLARD, BROAD- WOOD, und MtARD, of London, and other approved makers. WILKIE ELVY, and CO. Catalogues of standard piano pieces, popular dunces, operatie songs' bill ids, &C; , cun bo had on application M tifie forw urdid bv post, rnto, 4 C7S 2d , overy additi jn ii o/ Id WILKI!?, ELVY", and CO. "»/B \Ï>LY »LACH OÀTOP, illustrated Í his popular lYB euler» 2" Gd WI1K1E LI VY nnd CO_ Ï~>IAN01 OKI F^ ni il Hnrmnmums tunod and repaired, W 1LK11 y L\ Y, and CO _ CvpTlNG MUMC lOLIOSTjust received WTLTUE Ö * I A "i und C O_ Ï7U1R J IM of "-ONGS from Operan play ed bv Lvster a G mud Clent C m. um pop our printed catalogue _WILKI fa. ELVY, and CO. f>7jTULÂli MONOS, TROM OUR VUO*L C V.I ALCGUL C nine irto the gulden M md-Balfe, 3s ( re cusís anti tnpwdiopt (couti vito)-Evans, 2s G1 Oeitliicn bv the sen-1 hiiiniiH ¿s Good Ijt, Swielhcnrt-Hutton, 2a ^kq t « r und bis I» v- Salit iel an Harp is now sileut-Maid of Tutliih-Knoken, 2s 1 bud ii dream (Pbti no Morel) -Glover, 2s Gd 1 II foili vv thi i -I-Hillier 2s Ida t r^ol thip if to il-tam bj dav ia If von'ro waking-Mnv Quun-2s GJ I bj muna I sndlv whisper-Kulkan, 2s Irene-Now tho swallows aro-Apt 2s I'stphino lo Nupelpm-Onflow, 2s Know st thou iho land-Beothnvon 2s WILKIE ELVY, and CO G 80NGÍ from ROSE OP CASTILE, played by Lyster's O) i ra Company, und enthusiastically received Convent Cell, 2« ; Yes, I'll olwv, 2s Clic Cine, 2s ; "Twno rank and fame, 2s Hntk, Hnrk, 2s ; Tho' fortuno darkly, 2s List to tho gay Castanet (opening song), 2s I'm not tho Queen (laughing trio). 3s. WTLKIE, ELVY, and CO. ARION" ^CHOITISCHE, by Ernesto Spsgnoletti, just published, pri. i 2i WILKIE, ELVY, nndCO. H. ANDERSON bogs to call the attention of par . chaser« to hie largo and variod Btook of PIANO I'OiiT'BS. 300 Georgp-street._ ÄRMON1UMS, from 1 to 22 stops, by Alexandra, Evans, Wheatstone, and Cadby, at reduce! pricea. J. H. ANDERSON. 360 Gi-orgo-strcet_ JH. ANJUER.-ON Iuh nlwavs on SALE a ohoico . os-sortment rf PIANOFORTES, by Erard, Collard, Brnadwoud, KirkmBn, Cadby, Chappell, Aucher, Cramer, Jackson. Paine, arc, «t very low prices. 360, Gecrco-st. OOHKY'S and DIS I IN'S Musical Instruments ; nisi, Case and Whentstone'a Concertinas J. II. ANDFRFON, 360, George-street. W N _W MUSIC -A largo variety of Now Music, by all the favourite composer» of tho day. J. II. ANDERSON, 3G0, Georie-Btroet. ALL.tbe SONGS, as sung bv Lyater'sOpora Company, tun} be had of J. II. ANDERSON, 3Cf>, Georgo-st. MARTHA, Mattba, 0. roturn Lovo; and Faro thoa wall, my own Dear Home. As eung'.hy Mr. Henry Squirps in Martha. J. H ANDERSON, 360. Georgo-at. | ÏAM' A SIMPLE MULEl'HER, and 'Twnarunk nntl fame that tompted theo, as sung bv Mr. Henry t-ipiircs. in tho Roso of Castillo J II' ANDERSON, 3G0, George-btreut. fTJMiE CONVENT CRLL, I'm but a simple Pennant ii SUid. and I'm not tho Quat-n ne. »ung bv Mdlle. Durand, in the Roso of Ca0U',lo. J. II ANDE «.SOM, 3G0, Gi'orge-etreet ARK, 'THE CLARION SOUNDING; Thiuifh fortune dnrkly o'er mo frowtia, tod Bring the Maid, lui sung by Mr Henry Wharton, ia tho R'iso of Castilla. J. H. ANDERSON, Mode Wnrehou»-. 310, Qsorgo-ot. PRINCE OP WALKS' WEDDING MU.>IC, coti sisling of song», pianoforte picea, aud danoo music J. H. ANDFR60N, 3G0, Goorge-stteot. B BUIST nnel SON, Pianoforte Makers - t'liiuofortea, . Harmonium», Concertinas, Flutlnas, ned o very tilhi'r titsciiption of Musical inslniniont tuned and repaired. N B -Spring vans for hire. 235. Georgo-»trot>t. BARREL ORGAN, for SALE, cbo.ip, sm'.fablo for a Church. HURFORD anti CO , pianoforte makers. PIANOFORTES, by Brond.vood, Oollar.lt La-nboTt, A.c., tin tho most equitable- terms, HURFORD and CO., piiitûlorta makers, CnsllorK.gh-atreot. N.B.-Instru- ments tuned, repaired, silked, polished, pnekod, rcraovod, _ut on hire, aud tukoa in oxcluntfo. Piane-forlo mataríais o) till kinds, on salo. ETÏGWSH CONCERTINA f°r s ^B, full «or-pons, liost quality, mid iu good ordo«. F, MAD-ft, Gtorgo-itreet. 3J>EUli'ñ MUSIC REPOSITORY. 3*57, Gaorga-Blroct, nearly oppoeito tho Royal ilotol.-All kinds of I muaicil iiistrumantB on SALE, na Uhunl, at pi iocs reeluaod to meet tho timos. Piinofortea tuned und rapn- irol._ .Oi'TAGE PlANOFURTltsTfrnni ÍJ2G ; plaiios tuned J and for hire. E. S. DRAWS. 7. Brielge-struat. BTiÖR~RA LkTTo H "bÎVVT. tice/m.l-uanl Wlnlebu*'. %} fekiuti, &0, HOLDSWORTH! Wuolltwwooloo Buy.. c 