ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION THIS DAY. Messrs. J. Lyons and Co.-At their rooms, Bourke street, at eleven o'clock Unredeemed pledges. Mr. Jab. Raith. it the premiscs.T&amlMrs-ieTrictf;," Gardiner's Creek road, at two o'clock Household ills etc. Vi asia. Greig) and Murray-st their rooms, Collins street, at twelve o'clock-Condies, oilmen's stores, provisions, sugar, spices, butter, hams, cigars, to. -Messrs. W. H. Nation and Coat the mart, Napier street Fitzroy, at twelve o'clock Household furniture and effects , Misses. Fraser and Cotton At their rooms, Collins street, at eleven o'clock Saddlery, Ironmongery,, pint d goods, steel pens, glassware, guns, vestas, slices and fancy goods. At twelve o'clock The car erie Hotel, Bouverie-street ; freehold property at Ballan; land on back of Yarra; the Egremont Hotel, at Northcote ; freehold property in Swanston' - street, land at North Melbourne. At the H B. Railway Shed, at eleven o'clock Coarse sale ex A Agincourt, Sligo hams ex Queen of the South. Mr. J. H. IiKlM.-At the premises, Madeline-street, st two o'clock Groceries, crockery, furniture, books, leo. ., < or. Suites -At the rear of office of Inspector of Distilleries, King-street, at twelve o'clock Confiscated' goods. Messrs. Gemmell, McCaul, and Coat the H. B. Railway Now Shed, at eleven o'clock- Surplus ship's stores ex Western Ocean ; also, ales and stout llr.lRODKET Barker-st the rooms, Collins-street, at twelve o'clock The Albion Hotel, with brick cottage and land, Prahran. Messrs. McCaw and Another At the Royal Horse Bazaar, at twelve o'clock Draught horses. Messrs Wark and Gowan At their mart, Collins! street, at eleven o'clock Fancy drapery, shawls, mantles, hosiery, straw hats, bonnets, felt hats, slops, jcc. Messrs. OioriOE Thomas and Coat the Australian Wharf, at eleven o'clock Bangor slates ex Coda cens, sawn kauri logs ex Montezuma. At the New Dock, at eleven o'clock Sawn blackwood ex Jane. Moist b. Dalmahoy Campbell and Coat the Cattle yards-Fatcaitlo. Mr. Edward B. MoncoMnE.-At his rooms, Smith street, Collingwood, at one o'ekek-Drapery, boots, ShOes, &c; 1" Sales by Auction: THIS DAY. J LYONS and Co. have received instructions from Moss Isaacs, pawnbroker, 203 Elizabeth-street, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, Bourke-street, on Tuesday, August 18, at eleven o'clock, The following unredeemed pledges, consisting of gold and silver watches, chains, rings, brooches, silk and satin dresses, dress pieces, silk and satin shawls, a large quantity of furniture, bedding, men's clothing, c To Showmen and Others. One large organ, playing 10 tunes, a large drum, lamps, trumpet, and a quantity of paintings for a show fitting. To be Sold Without Eleonore WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19. Positive and Unreserved Sale of 87 Trunks Superior First-Class Spring Goods. Now Landing. Ex Monarch, and Other Recent Arrivals, From London. To the Boot and Shoe Trade of Melbourne, Geelong, &c.; J LYONS and Co. are favoured with Instruction! from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their low mart, Bourke-street, on Wednesday, 10th lost at eleven o'clock, 87 trunks' superior first-class spring good;, Now landing, Ex Monarch, from London, Consisting of O B. and Co. (in diamond). 161-168-IB trunks, each 72 pairs men's marino bluchers 184-206-2 do do 48 pairs ladies' coloured S.S. Ex Kent, 274, 275-1-2 trunks, each 48 pairs ladies' E.S. boots, J ' 270, 277-2 do, do 60 do do black delaine do 200-202-3 do, do same contents 1883-4 trunk ladies'' coloured side lace boots. D. (in diamond), P.M. to right. 388,884-2 trunks boys' E S, button boots, OPEN. wells ' 385-1 do, 48 pal" boys' rivetted ankles 840, 847-2 trunks Gentlemen's patent cold Russian Albert dress boots 348-1 trunk gentlemen's best kid, S.S., welts Ex Aloe and Moravian. 677-580-4 trunks, each (6 pairs ladies dressed Idd, side springs £81, 682- 2 do do, rivetted do 1934 trunk, 00 pairs ladies' cashmere, side springs, rivetted boots 406 408-4 trunks do, lame contents 409, 479-2 do girls' morocco balmorals, military heels, 16 to 18 176, 471-2 do girls' balmorals, grain 472-1 trunk do do, kid, button boots 478,'474-2 do, girls' French cashmere S.S. scaled boots, 10 to IS 476-1 case. 72 pairs men's Balmorals, patent fronts and facings. Ex Swiftsure. CM 778, 742 trunkS youths' kid, S.S.P.O. goIOBhod, list 776, 702 trunks youths' smooth patent ankles, CC. Terms, Liberal, Declared at Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. Unreserved Sale of 100 Cases English-made of Iron Bedsteads. Now Landing. Ex Ontario. To "Wholesale Furniture Warehousemen, Ironmongers,. Up-country Storekeepers, and Others. J LYONS and Co. are favoured with instructions V in from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, their new mart, Bourke-street, on Friday, 21st inst., at eleven o'clock, 119 cases assorted English-made bedsteads, Without any reserve, And in lots to suit purchasers, namely : B. £7 85-4 cases, each eight sets, japanned green tent bedsteads, 6 x 6 by 4 x 0 St, 82-2 do, do, blue do, do 88-80-4 do, do, do, wild. do, do 87,8 2 do, do, grey French bedsteads, 66 by 4 694 case, containing six sets sup. London-made japanned green metallic tent bedsteads, Inch iron, with patent packing and brass knobs complete CO-63-lesson, each same contents 64-1 case, each six, sup. London made japanned blue metallic tent bedsteads, each 6 x 6 by 4 x 0 65-88-24 cases, each same contents 104-16 do, each the same at No. 04 105-108-4 do, each six, same contents 109-118-10 do, sup. grey, do do 119-121-3 do, came contents 122-1 case, eight sets, japanned French bedsteads, 6x0by4x6 128-127-Each same contents 128-188-Dodo 184-1 case, each 18, sup. children's metallic coats, 4 by 2 185,130-2 cases, same contents 137-1 case, do do 118 do, four sons, patent japanned French paper collar bedsteads, 6 x 6 by 4 x 0, mounted in burnished gold 119-183-16 cases, each same contents 181 lease, three sets, bent patent japanned 21n. tspor-plllar bedsteads, 6 x 6 by a x 0, ore treated, &c.; Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19. 16,6ft. 998 and 11 x 8 Spruce Deals. j _0,89Bft. lin. White Pine T. and G. Flooring. 1 67 60ft He. Do Shelving. I 24,0 7ft. kiln. to 4in. Clear Pine. I CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, Wednesday, August), at eleven o'clock, Ex Wobfoot, from Boston, 18,45.. 018 and 11 x 3 spruce deals 180 86ft. Hn. white pine T. and G. flooring 6,00ft. lin. do shelving SiSmiJln. clear nine 15,806«.2ln. dodo 6444ft, 3in. do do 145ft 4in. do do. The above is of good quality, and landing In fine condition. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 15. 28,6101t. 018 and 14 x 8 Spruce Deals. 1400ft. Sawn Lambs. C S ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, Wednesday, August 10, at eleven o'clock, Ex Game Cock, 30,8 79ft. 018 Spruce deals 7640, 11 18 do 1400ft. 4ft. and 4ft, 6in. sawn laths. Now landing, in prime condition. Terms Liberal. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19. 181 Doors, R. P. S. M., and D. M. CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL, by AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, Wednesday, August 10, -at eleven o'clock, Ex Sonora, from New York, For account of whom it may concern, All faults. 181 doors, B. P., 8. M., and D. M., 2 6 x 6.8 li, 3.6.0 U, 2.8 105 15, 2.8 17, U, 210x7, 1J,2.10x6.101J, and 2.8 x 6.8. _Terms-Cash._ WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19. 86,610 Sawn Laths, 4 ft. and 4ft. 6in. 100 Barrels American Plaster. CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, Of the Australian Wharf, Wednesday, August 10, at Seven o'clock, ' ExWobfoot, from Boston, S6JB00 4R. Oin. sawn laths. 20,000 4ft. do do 100 barrels American calcined plaster. Guaranteed of superior quality. Terms at Sale. . _' THIS DAY. Sale at Two o'clock p.m. Sale by Auction.' Household Furniture, Co. Chambers-terrace, Gardiner's Creek-road. -mifK. JAB. EVANS Is instructed by the proprietor, JUL who is leaving for Europe, to SELL by AUG 3 on, BE household effects, comprising hair-seat mahogany chairs, sofa, loo-table, cornets, are,, enamelled and tubular iron bedstead, single and double iron do, child's oat, mattresses, palliasses, waMiatands hardware, toilet tables, and other bedroom furniture, glass and crockery, kitchen utensils, a quantity of old port and sherry, lot of fine (fowls and ducks, child's perambulator, &c.; Sale at Two o'clock. fitairAloneer'aofllccs, Gardiner's Creek-road. Sales by Auction. | THIS DAY. Auctioneers' Notice. To Merchants, Grocers, Provision Merchants, whose ..- keepers, and Others. ' "TITLE beg to call the attention of the trade to our JEW extensive SALES THIS DAY, commencing at 2 twelve o'clock, consisting of CANDLES, Oats, Oilmen's Stores, Provision s, Sugar, Spices, Butter, Hams, Cigars, c GREIG and MURRAY. THIS DAY. 80 Barrels Patras Currants. To Grocers, storekeepers, and Others. , f~\ GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions VJT from the importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, 80 barrels Patras currants. No reserve. Terms at Sale. _ THIS DAY. Manilla cheroots, Genuine Havannah Cigars, Letch ford's Wax Vestas. J To Tobacconists, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, 10,000 genuine Havannah cigars, in boxes 100 fiOOO Manilla cheroots 6 cases Letchford's wax vestas, 2500., 10 gross each. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. £10 Boxes Full weight Candles, of each 25 packages More or Less Damaged by Sea water. On Account of Whom it May Concern. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, Ex Ourust, from Rotterdam, 610 boxes full weight candles, each 25 packages, packed in chests. More or less: damaged by sea-water. Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve, i Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. 23 Half-barrels Dried Apples, 113 Quarter barrels Do. On Account of Whom it May Concern. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, August 15, at twelve o'clock, Ex North America, 118 quarter-barrels dried apples 25 half barrels do. For the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. ' Terms Cash, THIS DAY. 60 Barrels Prime Patrol Currants. Just Landed, In Fine Order. To Grocers, Storekeepers, fruiterers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, Ex Donald McKay, £0 barrels prime Patras currants, a Splendid Sample. Terms, liberal, at sale. The above are now landed, and may be obtained In bond or duty paid. THIS DAY. 18 Cases Dutch Refined Loaf Sugar. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 18th August-, at twelve o'clock, 18 cases Dutch refined loaf sugar. To close accounts. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 1 Sale Genuine Loaf Tobacco. To Tobacconists, Cigar Manufacturers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 18th August, at twelve o'clock, bale genuine leaf tobacco, suitable for many 1 facturing cigars. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 160 Firkins D.B. Cork Butter. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, , Ex Batts Family. CO firkins Thornton's D. R. Cork butter CO do Gallway's do do. i Ex Prince Rupert, CO Alkina Fair's D. B, Cork butter. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 6 Tons Black Pepper. To Spice Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importunate SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve O'clock, C tons black pepper. Splendid sample. To close accounts. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At a Quarter to Twelve o'clock. 10 Kegs (Wooden-hooped) Sausage Skins. To Butchers, Sausage Makers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 18th August, at quarter to twelve o'clock sharp, Ex Coros, 10 kegs (wooden-hooped) sausage skins, each 1121. Just landed, In fine order. Terms at Sale. 61 THIS DAY. 277 Boxes West cf England Sperm Candles, To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, 277 boxes West of England sperm candles. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 150 Boxes Sperm Candles. 116 Do Belmont Do. 17 Firkins Hoinn's Butter. 400 Bushels Malt. £50 Bags Irish Oats. To Grocers, Cornfactors, Storekeepers, and Others. G BUG and MURRAY have received instructional from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, 100 boxes sperm candles, Hoz. packets 116 do Belmont do, do do 17 Arkins Honan's D.B, Cork butter 400 hu sheets malt 500 bags prime Irish oats. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. 100 Boxes Kingsford's Maizena, 200 Do Kensott's Oysters. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 15, at twelve o'clock, 100 boxes Kingsford's maizena, Jib. and lib. packets 200 do Kcnsett's oysters, lb. tins. Just landed. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. 49 Cases Liquorice, 100 and 200 lb. each., All Faults. . To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock Ex Express, 12 cases liquorice, 2001. each 87 do do, 100. do. more or less damaged by sea-water. Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms-Cash. ! THIS DAY. | New Goods. I just Landed, ex Tinto, Attila, Star of India, and Forest < Rights. Honan's Cork Butter, Robinson's York Hams, Patras . Currants, Eleme Raisins, Figs, i To Grocers, Fruiterers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock. Ex Star of India, ISO firkins Honan's Cork butter, in cloth. j Ex Forest Rlalita, 20 cases Robinson's prime York hams. Ex Tinto, 128 barrels prime Ps teas currants SOO boxes prime Eltmo rallies 4 cases prime firs. Ex Attila, 60 barrels prime Patras currants 60 cases do do. All in splendid order, just landed. Torres at Sale. THIS DAY. """I Castor Oil, Tartaric Add, Carraway Seeds. j To Grocers, Chemists, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, ! 62 cases castor oil, half-pints > x 16 do do, pints 16 do tartaric acid, 28lb. jars S, 20 do carraway seeds. I Terms at Sale. 1 THIS DAY. 88 Chests Congou Too. Ex Notes. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, Ex Notes, Bound, '. Bec US £4 chests congou tea, 8lb. ! 168-19 do do, 931. Slightly Damaged, I fee 119-10 chests congou tea, 65yds. 162-80 do, 621. To close accounts. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. r~' To Tobacconists, Storekeepers', and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their room!, on Turn. (lay, August 18, at twelve o'clock-, 6 arms Havannah shaped Manillas, each 10,000 3 do do chorootB, each 1200. Terms at Sale. G Sales by Auction. y THIS DAY. 18 Cases Liquorice, 2000 each. I \- 16 Do Do, 10lb each. ~ | All Faults , To Grocers, Chemists and Druggists, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on (Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, I 18 cases liquorice, 2001 oath t 16 do do, 100 lb. each. Horse or less damaged by sea-water. . No reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. Oatmeal, Pearl Barley, Butter, Pipes, Whiting, Herrings, in. To Grocers, Provision Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, SOO boxes tobacco pipes I CO casks, each 2cwt, genuine Scotch oatmeal 42 do, do best, pearl barley CO Arkins Cork butter CO half-barrels white herrings 2 tons whiting. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock sharp. 400 Bags Danish Oats Bogs Sllghth Slalnod. Io Comfactors, Livery Stable Keepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 18th. August, at twelve o'clock, I Ex Asia, from Hamburg, (60 bags Danish oats. More or less damaged by sea-water. No reserve. _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. 1400 Boxes Foreign Candles, each 26 packages. All Faults, If any. By Order of Messrs. E. F. Sichel and Co., in I Liquidation. j To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. I_~< BRIG and MURRAY have received instructions VJT from Messrs. E. F. Sichel and Co. (In liquidation) to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, COO boxes candles, Bougci's Victoria COO do do, Bongoi's Imperial SOO do do, Bougci's L'Etoilo All faults, if any. For unreserved sale. Terms at Sale, THIS DAY. Cornsacks, Candles, Full and Light Weight;, Oliver men's Stores, are. I To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. v G BUG and MURRAY have received instructors to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, The following goods, in first-class order, just landed :- ' 100 cases Whybrow's vinegar, each two dozen 60 de Cameron's do I 100 do Whybrow's mixed pickles, each three dozen,. pints 100 do Molloy's do do" 100 do Cameron's do do 100 do, each 601., Colman's white starch 200 bags Walmeloy's malt 100 cases Whybrow's half pint salad oil 160 do do pint do 26 do do quart do 100 boxes Halo's sperm candles, lib. packets 100 do do, 6s do ; 100 do Roubaix do, lb. do, full weIghts ' 100 do do, do. do, light-weights I 100 do Globe do, lb do, do I 20 cases Robinson's patent groats I 20 balOB, each 260, three-bushel cornsacks. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 200 Bags Java Table Rice, each 601. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. v GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this I clay, Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, ¡ I 200 bags finest Java table rice, each 661. | I To close accounts. I Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Four Boxes Tons Tobacco, Duty Paid. On Account of Whom it May Concern. To Tobacconists, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, 4 boxes tens tobacco, duty paid. No reserve. _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. 60 Boxes Jordan Almonds. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, 60 boxes Jordan almonds. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Muscatel Raisins, Column's Blue, Eleme Figs. Fresh Herrings, Mustard, &c.; To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions, from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Java day, Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, Ex Yorkshire, 20 boxes Colman's blue 400 quarter-boxes muscatel raisins. Ex Omar Pasha, 5 cases, each 45 one eighth boxes, Eleme Figs 10 do fresh herrings, in 2lb. tins 10 do mustard, in 2 lb. and 5lb tins. To close accounts. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 8 Cases Cooy's Bacon. 7 Do Waring's Do. To Close Accounts. To Grocers, Provision Merchants, Storekeepers, and. Others ft KEIG and MURRAY have received instructions AT from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at-, their rooms, this day, Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, Ex Royal Dane, 8 cases Cooy's bacon. Ex Donald McKay, 7 cases Waring's bacon. Just landed. To close accounts. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 260 Boxes Light-weight Candles, Ex Donald McKay. To Grocers, Storekeepers, rd Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, Ex Donald McKay, £50 boxes light-weight candles, Bougols da Phnix. No reserve. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 12 Bales Pimento. To Spice Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and) Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instruction? from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, 12 bales pimento. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Surplus Stores of Ship Star of India. To Grocers, Storekeepers, shipchandler, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by Messrs. Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 18th inst., at twelve o'clock, The surplus stores of ship Star of! India, consisting of Oatmeal Split peas Llmojulco h Raisins , Fruits , Vinegar, etc. No reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. Primo Patras Currants. Pearl Barley. Split Peas. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from Messrs. E F. Sichel and Co. (In liquidation) to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o clock, 280 barrels prime Patras currants 180 casks pearl barley, lent. each 40 do split peas, 2cwt each 60 barrels oatmeal, each 2ozs, Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Whybrow's Half pint Salad Oil So Grocers, Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions i to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 18th August, at twelve o'clock, 100 cases. Whybrow's half-pint salad OIL Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10. 26 Hhds. Imperial Cognac Co's Brandy. SCO Cases Do. Do. 10 Quarter-casks Renault's Dark Da. 200 Cases Do. Palo Do. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY if have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 10, at twelve o'clock, 10 quarter-casks Renault's dark brandy 100 cases do pole do 26 hilda Imperial Cognac God's do 200 cases do do. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10. 20 Hhds. U. V. Pale Brandy. 1000 Cases VH & Co. Geneva. 50 Do. Byass's Ale. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. . GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 19th August, at twelve o'clock, J SO hhds. Ut Rod Vineyard brandy, pale 1000 cases VH & Co. geneva 60 do Byass's ale. Terms at Sale. Sales by Auction, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19. Clearing Sale of Champagne Vbr eyard's Brandy, Dark and Pale, in Hhds, Quarter-casks, and Cases. By Order of the Sole Agents, Messrs. Bligh and Halfs ' bottle 120 Bbds Champagne Yinojora's Dark Brandy. 121 Quarter-casks Do Do. £0 Illida Do Palo Do 145 Quarter casks Do Do. 880 Cases Do De. To Merchants, Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from Messrs. B high and Harbottle (solo agents for the Champagne Wine) ard's brandy for Australia) to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday 10th August, at twelve o'clock, The following parcels, to close shipments ' Ex General Meslln, 70 Hads Champagne Vineyard s dark brandy 25 quarter-casks do Ex Anna Catharine, CO hhds. Champagne Vlnoyard's dark brandy 20 quarter-casks do do. Ex Thomas Royden, £0 quarter-casks Champagne Vrnoyord's pale brandy. Ex If Harbour, 20 hilda. Champagne Vlnejard'spolo brandy 30 quarter-casks do do Ex General Meslln, £80 cases Champagne Vineyards pale brandy. The attention of the trade is particularly requested to this clearing sale of first-class branches, all direct shipments, agents' certificates. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19. j Sherry Wine, in bulk and case Port Do, in bulk. ' ' Just Landed. I To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and 1 Others. r GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions AJS from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 10, at twelve o'clock, Ex Revenue, 800 cases White Seal three star sherry, in bond, duty paid 12 quarter casks Sandeman a three diamond part wine 12 do Hunt's do do 3 do Forester's do do 4 hhds Ofiley'B do so 8 quarter-casks do do do 20 hhds Crown sherry 20 quarter-casks do do. Terms, Liberal, at Sale WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19. Byaes'i, Dunphy's, and London and Colonial Co.'s Stout. Brandy, Dark and Pole, CC to Wine and Spirit Hot chants, storekeepers, and Others. g~y GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions VA" to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 10, at twelve o'clock, . Ex Black water, just landing, 200 cases Byass's porter 176 do London and Colonial Co's stout 20 do Dunphy's stout Also, 8 hhds. Gustavo Edouard's brandy, dark 10 quarter-casks Joncquel Freres' do, do I 2 hhds Imperial co, do ' 26 quarter casks do, do 9 do do, pale 8 do support wine in bond) 1 hhd. mixing brandy, dark. ! Terms at Sale. of WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19. ! ! 077 Cases Medium Cognac To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and I Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 19, at twelve o'clock, 403 cases Cognac, Mortier 484 do do, Imperial. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19. ' Old Tom, Rum, Whiskey, Geneva, Amontillado, c. I Te Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. 1 fi GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions XX to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Words I nesday, August 10, at twelve o'clock, 100 cases Burnett's old tom 100 do on arno Bocrd's do 10 hhc h Love n Hart's rum, 100 p. 10 do do, 80 o p 100 cases Kirkliston whiskey 100 do Thin's do 12 quarter casks Amontillado Sherry 1000 half cases JDKZ geneva. _ Terms, Liberal, at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10. 14 Hhds. Bass's Ale. 40 Cases Brass's Do. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY v, di SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 10th August, at twelve o'clock, 14 hhds. Bass's ale 40 cases Byass's do. All faults No reserve. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10. 200 Quarter casks Port Wine. . Ex'Ibtanboui. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 19th August, at twelve o'clock, Ex Istanboul), 200 quarter casks port wine. Terms at Sale WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10. 750 Cases Brandy. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 19th August, at twelve, o'clock, 600 cases brandy, Compagnie de Vignolles 250 do Renault's brandy. Terms at Sale WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10 Jamaica Rum, 10s to 80 o p ; Martell's Brandy, Burnett's Old Tom, Dunphy's Stout. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. G RUG and MURRAY have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 19, at twelve 20 hhds. Jamaica rum, 10 o p. 9 do do, 80 o p 200 cases Martell's brandy 200 do Burnett's old tom, glass stoppered 100 do Dunphy's stout. Guaranteed parcels Torres at Sale At Eleven o'clock Each Day. Valuable Library of Standard Works, in every Department of Literature To Booksellers, Public Librarians, Private Gentlemen and Others. (1 GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from Mr. H. E. Watts to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Wednesday and Thursday, the 2nd and 3rd September, commencing each day at eleven o'clock, A select and valuable collection of about 1500 books, comprising all the best editions of the standard classical authors in all classes of 11 of nature, many of them beautifully and tastefully bound in morocco and calf, by ZaUhnsdoif and Haydoy. to, andncarlyail new and in good condition, having been collected within the last four years. The collection on the whole is such as has never before been submitted for auction in this colony, and comprises, among others, the Works of aEschylus, Bacon, Browning, Burke, Butler, Byron, Carlyle, Cervantes Chaucer, Cicero, Coleridge, De Tocqueville, Dickens, Drjdon, Euripides, Frottdc, Gladstone, Goldsmith, Grote, Hallam, Home, Helps, Homer. Head, Horses, KInglake, Kingsley, Lamb, Landor, Maurice, Mill, Milton, Montesquieu, Pono, Rabelais, Ruskin, Shak speare, Shelley, Bldnoy, Sponsor, Swift, Tenny- son, Thackeray, Wordsworth, &c.; A classified catalogue is in course of ol preparation, and will be issued a week previous to the sale The auction neera beg to call the attention of bcok-coilcctois to this important sale. The book embrace many choice editions and rare works, and are all in excellent condition, many of them elabo 1 rately and expensively bound in morocco and calf by the best London binders Every work is the best I edition of the author, and many of the editions arc I row out of print and scarce. THURSDAY, AUGUST 22. 100 Cases and Bales Paper. To Stationers, Printers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, 20th August, at twelve o'clock, 100 cases and bales paper. . Full particulars prior to sale. THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock prompt. Household Furniture and Effects of a Gentleman, Removing. WH. NAYLOR and Co have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the mart, 66 Napier-street, Fitzroy, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, The very superior household furniture removed to mart for absolute sale, comprising mahogany loo table and cloth cover, balr-seatodanl Trafalgar chairs, spring couch, mahogany hair seated easy and rocking chairs, engravings, carpets, hearthrugs, fenders and steel Irons, very superior bookcase, gilt chimney glass, papier-mache side tables, chest of drawers, iron bed steads and bedding, toilet tables and glasses, cedar washstands and ware, towel horse, stair carpeting and lots, bronze umbrella stand, E.P. tea and coffee service, goblets, toast-rack, cruets, c Also, A large quantity of kitchen furniture and utensils". WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19. At Eleven o'clock prompt. 48 Gertrude-street, Fitzroy, opposite Rockly-hall. WH. NAYLOR and Co. have received instructions from Mr. G. Harrison to SELL by AUCTION, without reserve, Toy s and fancy goods And goods for repair between 1868 to May 1652, Sale by Auction. THIS DAY. For Positive Sale. Bouverie-street Hotel, Bouverie-street, North hold ' bourne. To Speculators, Persons Seeking Investments and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Tuesday, 18th August, at twelve o'clock precisely, The Bouverie-street Hotel, situated in Bouverie street, North Melbourne, containing 10 rooms, i built of bluestone, brick, So., now let to a respectable tenant Title guaranteed. ! To persons seeking Investments the above offers of first- rate opportunity, being in the immediate neighbourhood of the Carlton and Dight's Steam Flour mills. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. THIS DAY. Unreserved Sale of Valuable Freehold Property, I Situate at Ballan, Being Allotment No. 1 of Section 4, in the Town of , ; Ballan, Together with I The Premises erected thereon, And lately occupied by Her Majesty's Government, at a Police Station and Barrack. FRASER and COHEN are favoured with instructions from the proprietors to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 18th Inst-, j at twelve o'clock, I All that valuable town property, situate at the ' corner of Simpson and Cowie streets, Ballan, containing as per Crown grant half an acre, and on which are erected the fencing promises, viz: A snug weatherboard house of four rooms tuning and bed room, kitchen and parlour, three-stall stable, Together with A large store, 24ft. by 28ft. The whole of which was occupied up to a recent ported by the police authorities at a nominal rental of £50 per annum. Immediately at the rear of the building there It is I well-stocked garden, and which by a little outlay could be converted into one of the neatest kitchen gardens in the district. The auctioneers acting therefore under instructions from the proprietor, have much pleasure in stating that the property will be sold to the highest bidder without reserve, and have also to state that there IS 1 not another parcel of such valuable ground to be sold in the whole of the township. This property originally cost the grantee from the Crown in its erection £600, and from its position, being situate on the direct road to the Gordon, Mount Egerton, Blackwood, and Ballarat gold fields, ought to realise at least a sum equivalent to its original cost. Terms at sale. Title, Grant from the Crown THIS DAY. By Order of the Proprietor. To Quarrymen, General Contractors, Or Markotgardonors. Valuable Suburban Allotment of Land, situate on the Bank of the Yarra, being Lot 175 of Portion 83, I Parish of Jika Jika, as per plan. t FRASER and COHEN are favoured with instructions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 18th August, at twelve o'clock, 2 All that piece or parcel of land, being Lot 176 of Portion 68, parish of Jika Jika, having a frontage of 20ft to River son or by a depth of 380ft; and another frontage to the Yarra of -ft. Indications of a rich mineral deposit have already shown themselves on this property ; but whether considered as adapted for agricultural, mineral, for other purposes, it is certain that the purchaser will be fully remunerated, Inasmuch as he can purchase without reserve. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Saddlery, Ironmongery, Plated Goods, Steel Pens, Glassware, Guns, Vestas, &c.; Ex Revenue. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their upper rooms. 83 Colllns-street west, on Tuesday, 18th August, at eleven o'clock precisely, Ex Revenue, 60 packages of the following goods, Without reserve, Ex Revenue. Gentlemen's all over-hogsklnsaddles, complete leather head collars Waggoners' whips Electro-plated dish covers Do cruets Do revolving do Do butter coolers Do gilt mugs and cups Do chamber candlesticks Do wicker note baskets Do gig and carriage lamps Copper, pon der flasks Oak japanned cash boxes ultramarine blue colour Block tin dishes were Coach makers' beading double- barrel guns Turkey cup sponge Boxwood rules Measuring Tapes Cut-glass decanters Do wine glasses Bright mail axles ' Vesta matches Jockey whips Gig do Iron weights, 4lb. down. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. The Egremont Hotel, containing 16 rooms, situated at Northcote. To Speculators, Hotelkeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 Collins-street, west, on Tuesday, 18th August, at twelve o'clock precisely, the Egremont Hotel, Northcote, built of blue stone and finished in a most superior manner ; contains 12 apartments, with commodious stables, outhouses, etc. There is a taproom attached, bat distinct from the ht sel. The attention of hotelkeepers and others is called to the above sale, as the hotel is faithfully built, and in a good situation. Intending purchasers are shy quested to inspect the property prior to the day of rate Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At the Hobson's Bay Railway Shed. Ex Queen of the Bomb. 20 Cases Sligo Hams. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at the Hobson's Bay Railway Shed, on Tuesday, 18th August, at eleven o'clock precisely, Ex Queen of the South, 20 cases Sligo hams. In prime order and condition. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. At the Hobson's Bay Railway Shed. Ex Agincourt 160 Tons Coarse Salt. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at the Hobson's Bay Railway Shed, on Tuesday, 18th August, at eleven o'clock precisely, Ex Agincourt, 160 tons coarse salt. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Important and Unreserved Sale of one of the mast Improving Freehold Properties in Melbourne. To the Capitalists of Victoria, Trustees of Minors' Estates, and Others desirous of investing their Capital in the Purchase of! First-class Productive Properties, situate In one of the greatest thoroughfares of the city. FRASER and COHEN have much pleasure in announcing instructions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Collins- street, on Tai sday, 18th Inst,, at twelve o'clock, All that truly valuable freehold property situate at the corner of Swanston and Little Flinders streets, in the city of Melbourne, and which has a frontage of Clift. 71. to Swanston-street, by a depth of 66ft. to Little Flinders-street, be the same more or, or less, and on which are erected the following promises : No. 1. At the corner, in the occupation of Mr. Marsh, paperhanger and decorator. No. 2. Swanston-street, at present occupied by Mr. Jamieson, as a general warehouseman. No. 8. Swanston-street, occupied by Mr. Burt, as a corn factor. No. 4. Occupied by Mr. Parker, as a general whitesmith, c The whole of which command at the present time a rental which, under circumstances, may be room 1 need at as equivalent to 15 per cent, on the anticipated value of the property. For the present it may be sufficient to say that this valuable freehold property is situate In Swanston street, and fronts the leading thoroughfare to the Melbourne,, Hobson's Bay, St. Kilda, and Brighton Railways, The terms, which will be declared at sale, will be liberal, the title will be guaranteed, and the property v little odd to the highest bidder. THIS DAY. Valuable Land, at North Melbourne, Near the Bone volent Asylum. ' UnrosorvcdSile of a Valuable Parcel of Land, Commanding an Extensive View of the Bay and Surrounding Country. ' FRASER and COHEN are favoured with instructions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 18th inst., I at twelve o'clock, I Portion of subdivision of No. 8 of Section No. 22, in the city of Melbourne, and more generally described in a plan to be submitted at the time of sale. This land has a frontage to Arden-street, one of the principal streets leading from town, and also to Ab olsford-strett; is in close proximity to the principal establishments of North Melbourne, It commands extensive views of the Bay, St Kilda, Williamstown and, from its healthy position, ought to induce capitalists and others to invest, so that general profits may accrue. . Title guaranteed. Terms Declared at Sale, [ THIS DAY. On Account of Whom it May Concern. i More or Less Damaged by Sea water. I FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 18th August, at eleven o'clock precisely, More or less damaged by sea-water, 1 case of Embroidered loarra So tica Do Prince of Wales do So opera do. Terms Cash. Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. Plated and Fancy Goods. Ex Revenue, I For Unreserved Sale of. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their upper rooms, (8 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 18th August, at seven o'clock precisely, , Ex Revenue, .' A large invoice of plated (roods, comprising Electro-plated cruet, four, five, six, and seven > bottles Do cake baskets Do breakfast cruets Do chamber candlesticks Do nutcrackers I Do revolving cruets Do salvors I Do chased salts Do tea and coffee services I Do kettles and stands Do snuffers and trays Do hot-water jugs I Do table forks and spoons / Do Dessert do I So liqueurs I So pickle frames 1 Knives and forks I Toatrays Whips, CC. Terms at Sale WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10. Congou Tea, in Chests, Halves, and Boxes, Ex OF Lessing, Algernon, and Various other Ships. Mauritius Sugars, Grainy Yellow (Browning Sorts), and Crystals. To the Merchants and Traders Generally of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beechworth, ha, FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Wednesday, 10th August, at half past eleven o'clock precisely, About 1000 packages Congou tea, in chests, halves, and boxes, ex OF Leming, Algernon, and various other ships, to be sold to clear accounts. Also, 1200 bags Mauritius sugars, grainy yellow browing sorts, and crystals. Musters of the teas and sugars will be on view at the rooms prior to the sale. Terms at Sale THURSDAY, AUGUST 20. Martell's Brandy. Vinegrowers' Do. Central vineyard's Do. Presents Do Compagnie Important. Offley's Port, Also Vino Do. First-class Short les, Geneva, Rum, c To the Merchants and Traders Centrally of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beech worth, So. ' FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from the importers, Messrs. White Brothers and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 Collins street west, on Thursday, 20th inst, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, An extensive assortment of wines and spirits, U under, viz. 16 hhds. Vinegrowers' brandy, dark 100 quarter-casks do do, do 10 hhds. do do, pale 60 quarter casks do do, do 1000 cases do do, do 25 hhds. Motton's do, dark 20 quarter casks do do, do 860 cases do do, pale 8 hhds. Central Vineyard's do, dark 20 quarter-casks do do, do 10 hhds do do, pale 10 quarter-casks do do, do 20 hhds. Present's do, dark 40 quarter-casks do, do 20 hhds. Imperial do, do 500 cases Compagnie Imperials, polo 20 Bills. Offloy's single grape port wine 60 quarter-casks do do 80 hhds. ded able do do 60 quarter-casks do do 40 hhds do trouble do do 70 quarter-casks do do 10 hhds do quadruple do do 60 quarter-casks do do 40 hhds. Alto Vino treble do do 100 quarter-casks do do 50 quarter casks XXX sherry 40 do Dundas hill whiskey 600 cases Kirkliston do 750 do Y. H. & Co.'s geneva 1000 do B 5 l. do 300 do. Burnett's old tom 650 do Swain Boord's do 60 hhds. high strength rum 20 do do do do, , ..... The auctioneers invite the particular attention of the trade to the above assortment of really first-class wines and spirits, the whole of which, being direct shipments to the vendors, are of guaranteed quality. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, AUGUST 20. ' Oilmen's Stores. Groceries. Provisions. Butter, c, To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Thursday, 20th August, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, Oilmen's stores On cories Provisions Butter, to. Candles, Se. Terms at Sale THURSDAY, AUGUST 20. 16 Cases Tobacco, Half-pounds. 10 Do Do, Do. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 Collins street west, on Thurs day, 20 " August, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, IS cases tobacco, half pounds, Blake 10 do do, do, Doone. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, AUGUST 20. 40 Barrels Patras Currants. 20 Cases Eleme Figs. 32 Bales Gunnies. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Thursday, 20th August, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, 40 barrels Patras currants 20 cases Eleme Figs. Also, 82 bales gunnies. Terms at Sale FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. Important Sale of Boots and Shoes. Manufactured by James Davis and Son, . 821 Packages, ex Norfolk. Also the Balance of Shipment, now Landed, ix Tinto, j FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers, Messrs Parbury, Lamb and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 33 Col- ) lins-street, on Friday, 21st August, at eleven o'clock precisely, Ex Norfolk, Manufactured by James Davis and Son, [ 821 packages of boots and shoes, comprising! 1 chiefly Grain mining boots Stout do, pegged and braided Calfwolllngtons Stout police do , Calf. princes boots I Do braided < Hemcl top E.S. boots Kid top do Do do, patent goloshed Stout kin bluchers, rough branded Do call do Boys' and youths' do Women's calf boots Do cordovan do Do kid do i Do momoldo Do cashmere do, E S. Do coloured do, do , Girls' cashmere boots ' Do kid and memel do Children's balmorals ' ! Men's slippers Women's do. Also, Balance of shipment, now landing, ex Tinto, comprising a similar assortment of goods to the above, and comprising about 160 packages. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. ' At Cleve's Bonded Stores. ' 42 Cases Tobacco, Aromatic. ' 42 Boxes Do, Do. ' 20 Do Do, Do. 26 Do Do, Do. I To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Others. S FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at Cleve's Bonded Stores, on Friday, 21st August, at I Eleven o'clock precisely, ' For positive sale, i 42 cases tobacco, Pleasant, twist 42 boxes do, Baker's 20 do do, A Heath 20 do do, J. J. Lewis. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. A At Two o'clock prompt. ! To Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. I Bomrdniog Portion Stock in-trade of a Grocer and ' General Storekeeper, Household and Shop Furniture, Quantity of Books, Sundries, do., for Auction, Without Reserve, by Order of the Proprietor, who is leaving the Colony on Thursday. JH. KNIPE is authorized by Mr. Joseph L. Lee to a SELL by AUCTION, on the promises, 88 Made line street, Carlton, opposite the Young Queen Hotel, Groceries, crockery, furniture, part of circulating library, comprising works by the most celebrated authors; sundries, etc. No reserve. Terms-25 per cent, cash fall of the -hammer; balance, this day. J. H Knipe, auctioneer and valuer, City Mart, opposite Theatre Royal. j WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19. Important to Milliners, Dressmakers, Jewellers, v Country Storekeepers, Private Families, and Others. Great Auction, Unreserved. In the Insolvent Estate of Gustav- Hirsch. JH. KNIPE is authorized to SELL by AUCTION, at twelve o'olock, on Wednesday next, at the City Hart, opposite the Theatre Royal, Bourke-street, i Large and superior stock of silks, satins ; elegant Jewellery, gold and silk r watches, plated ware; French merinoes, coburgs, mantles, shawls, worsted and silk damask: feathers, ribbons hats, bonnets, c The whole positively with j out reserve, f Terms 26 per cent, cash on the fall of the hammer ; balance within 24 hours from the time of sale. Note. Wednesday next, at Knipe's City Mart, lated Ivy Auction. PRELIMINARY NOTICE of SALE At Toorak, the Residence of his Excellency, the Governor, ¿w ME His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, K O.B.. c, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at Toorak, on Friday, the 11th September, 1863, Sale at twelve o'clock precisely, The whole of His Excellency's surplus houses old and other furniture, pianoforte, horses, and dairy, cattle, farming and other implements, AC, Catalogues of which may be obtained at Mr. Stubbs's motion-rooms on and after the Slit Init Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. " " j To Hotelkeepers Dealers, and Others. v Confiscated Property By Order of L. A. Moody, Esq, Chief Inspectors | BistUlerios MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, in roar of the office of the Chief Inspector of Distilleries, King-street, Melbourne, on 1 Tuesday next, the 18th August, 1863, at twelve o'clock: i precisely, The under-mentioned confiscated goods, viz. : 1 horse, spring cart, and harness! 8 copper boilers 2 iron do > 20 old hhds. . , 8 d6 tubs, stoves, iron bars, and furnace doors I ; American and copper pump, the Port 1931b. old copper, 1621 lead piping '? 'i 718\. browers' sugar 1 1 case porter, Ido whiskey i Case mixed liquors, gin, c 6 kegs Spirits, 5 tin packages do 2 cases tobacco Terms- Cash on to all of the Hammer. THURSDAY, AUGUST 20. To Townsfolk, South Geelong. Town Allotment No 16, of Section No. 5 A Fine Old Grant of May, 1889, Granted under the seal of His (us on) Excellency Sir George Gipps, late.,. New South Wales. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Thursday, the 20th August, 1868, on the ' ground, South Geelong, at once in precisely, 2 All that allotment or parcel of land situate in the town of South Geelong, parish of Corio, county Grant, Allotment 16, Section 6, having Suit, frontage to Fyans street, by 330ft in depth. It will be sold without reserve Terms most Reasonable. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21 To Newly arrived Immigrants. By Order of the Mortgagee. An Excellent Little Farm. Lately in the Possession of Mr. Muir. Viz 56a. 80., all Enclosed. To Persons Anxious to Secure a Small Farm near Town. MR. STUBBS is favoured with instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his auction rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, the 21st August, at twelve o'clock precisely, All that piece or parcel of land, containing by admeasurement 55s. SOp, parish Nunawading, being Allotment A of Portion 67. adjoining lbs. reserve originally granted to Wm. Oliver, and subsequently brought into a very fair state of cultivation by Mr. Muir. Immediate possession. Terms, liberal, at sale Title perfect Note Considerable interest has been taken Ira the welfare of the province of Victoria in England and in all prof ability it will come in for a very great share of preference in the plans inaugurated by our own Victorian Com mittees and the National Emigra- tion Society Now is the time, therefore, to im est In every description of freehold property ?" FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. Important Sale of Valuable Selections of Rich Agricultural and Pastoral Land near Dandenong, known as the , Watercourse Paddocks. 78a Sr 16p. Part of the Estate of the Late T. Serges. -ftyfR. STUBBS is favoured with Instructions It JM. SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, other rooms, 81 Collins street, on Friday, the 21st August, are at twelve o'clock precisely, The above particularly valuable properties, in the following lots ! Lots Bola. 2r. 18p. Portion 15, parish of Narree Warren, / having frontages to permanent Government, roads, on the E. and S. sides, of 88 chains and, 89 chains respectively, by a depth of 61 chains Lot! 878acres,adjoining Portion 15on tho W, parish Narree Warren, and on all other sides having a frontage to Government roads. Lot 3 A fine freehold property at Boroondara, Portion. A, of Sec. J, containing 108 acres, bounded on the north by a Government road, and on the south by the Kooyongkoot Creek. Kate. These Watercourse Paddocks will be easily recognized by those who are at all acquainted with the properties and selections of the late Mr. T Donna,. and whoever buys them will possess estates that they can turn to good account and never want to put The terms are very lenient-vis., one-third cash 3 and the residue at six, nine, and 12 months', bearing 10 per cent. Title First race FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. Important Sale of Two Very Choice Building Allotments, Hawthorn hill. Part Of the Original Subdivision of the well-known Estate of J. D. Pinnock, Esq., Are. MR. STUBBS has received instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street, on Friday, August 21, Bale at twelve o'clock precisely, S very choice villa building allotments, Hawthorn hill, adjoining the residence of E. G Harrison Esq, branch inspector Bank Victoria. Terms at Sale. Title first-rate. After which, S allotments, township of Kyneton 1 allotment, do of Malmesbury 10 acres, Carlsruhe. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. A Good Investment, City Property. Little Bourke-street, opposite the Governor Arthur and Kirk's Bazaar, Now Occupied by Mr. Smith, Butcher. Also, The Premises at the back, having 40ft. frontage to Wright-street, by 66ft. in depth, with the whole ca- the Buildings erected thereon MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION on Friday, the 21st inst, at his rooms, 81 Collins street west, at twelve o'clock precisely, All that most eligibly situated and well-known butcher's shop, dwellinghouse, and premises, situate at the corner of Little Bourke and Wright streets, the opposite corner to the Governor Arthur, and immediately in front of Kirk's Horse Bazaar. Note-The person who says. It may be assured of a handsome remuneration in his outlay, as it is calculated for most important advantages in the extension of the butchering business. After which, Lot 2 The freehold premises In the rear, having 40ft frontage to Wright-street, by 66ft. in depth with dwelling-house and extensive stables at tached. Terms, liberal, at sale. Title Unexceptionable " FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. On Gardiner's or Booyong Koot Creek. Part of the Estate of the Late. Dorgan, Adjoining Glen Iris Further Particulars. Including Farmhouse and Improvements. MR. STUBBS Is instructed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Friday, the 21st day of August, at his rooms, at twelve o'clock precisely, ALL tbathlghlj vnluablofrtehnldpropertyandcstato starts on the Kooyongkoot Creek, known as Dargan's Farm, containing 108 acres of land. There is hardly any district in Victoria more to be depended on for crops and pasturage than the valleys in and about this c cek. ¡ Note Any new settler or colonist wanting to make the best of his time may locate himself on Dargan's Farm with the prospect of doing well!, It is a convenient distance from Melbourne, Toorak, Prahran, and St. Kilda. Kew, Studley-park, and an easy life baby's you to either. There is erected on the estate a well built four roomed wooden house, with verandah ; also a brick kitchen and dairy, cow. The whole of it is enclosed and subdivided into cultivation and grass paddocks. It is bounded by the estate of Glen Iris on one side and the property of Mr. Mumanon the other. Teran 26 per cent cash ; balance six, nine, and 12 months. Tifo first-rate, The watercourse paddocks are all fenced-in. TUESDAY, AUGUST 25; To Hotelkeepers in Town, the Suburbs, and in the Country, Storekeepers, and Dealers. SOO Hhds. of the Colonial Company's Burton Ale. In Lots to Suit Purchasers. in Prime Condition, In Gloves, Cole's, and Teale's Bonded Warehouses. Terms Under £26, ruth ; above that Sum, Approve a Bills at Two Months'. MR. STUBBS instructed to SELL byPUDuIC AUCTION, on Tuesday, 25th Inst, to commence at Cleve's Bonded Stores, corner of Kunjin a Lonsdale streets, at twelve o'clock precisely, , 800 hhds. of brilliant bodied Burton, in the following order, to suit both large and small buyers, viz. Lot 1-6 hhds. Lot 26 do Lot 8-6 do Lot 4-6 do Lot 6-6 do Lot 6-6 do Lot 7-6 do Lots 8,0, and 10-4 do each Lots 11,12, and 18-6 do each Lots 14,15, and 10-5 do each Lots 17, 1839, and 20-6 do each Lots 21,22, 23, 24, and 26-10 do do Lots 20,27,28.29, 80-10 do do Lots 82,83, 84, 85, and 80-10 do do Lots 87,88, 39, 40, and 41-10 do do. Orders from the country to purchase attended to. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19. Positive Sale of the Argyle Hotel, Lygon-street, Carlton. By Order of the Mortgagee, with the consent of the Mortgagor. J BELLIN has been instructed to SELL by ADO MOTION on the premises, on Wednesday next. 19th but, at one o'clock, , , The Argyle Hotel, Lygon-street, Carlton, contain Ing ham. 10 rooms, kitchen, and shed, now. occupied by Mrs. Harvey, at £180 per annum. The land has Sire, frontage to Lygon-street, by a depth offering. to right-of- way. Title, one remove from the Crown. To me £600 can remain on mortgage f°r.Uu'S* «rrrrsatlO per cent. Interest; balance, half cash, reg remainder at six morris.' as 10 percent. , J. Bellin, and i err. valuer, and money broKOTj Literary Auction Mart, CO Gir'tu-c^trtet. 