SUMMA R Y FOR EUROPE. INTBODUCTION". Tho political history of tlie -month is almost a blank. Parliament has been again prorogued till tho 18th proximo, but it is improbable that the re.tl busi- ness of the session will be entered upon before January. It is understood that the work Ministers will place before the House will be comprised in an unusually short list, although somo of the measures will bo of an important, though alto- gether local character. Tho labours of the session will bo mainly directed towards the better regulation and management of the affairs of the gold-fields. In the course of years, the system under which mining claims and properties are held and worked, affected-excepting where mineral leases are held from the Crown -by the varying bye-laws of the local mining boards, and by tho conflicting interpretations, not only of theso bye laws, but of the acts under which they have been framed, or the companies interested have been formed, have produced such a state of complication as to bo most injurious to mining interests, and most depreciatory of mining properties. How serious the evil is may be understood when it is stated that the approximate value of the property invested in mines-making no calculation of the gold they contain exceeds a million and a half sterling, whilo a tithe only of the claims are held under lease from tho Crown. The Minister of Mines is charged with the task of modelling a bill to embrace the better parts of the existing Gold-fields Acts, and to supply a remedy for the moro glaring abuses time has developed. It is probable that this measuro will occupy the largest share of attention in the coming session. The same Minister is maturing a scheme of water-supply, on a large scale, not only for-the service of the miners but for the purposes of irri- gation, especially when the alluvial gold- fields shall be exhausted. Plans have been preparedfor the construction of an enormous reservoir close to the railway at Malmesbury, in which the winter surplus waters of the Kiver Coliban may be stored, for distribution over the long lino of gold-fields extending be- tween Taradale and Epsom. It has been ascertained that there is a vast extent of auriferous soil along the line of the aqueduct-which is, with its Castlemaine branch, some sixty miles in length-which will pay handsomely if water is supplied in the same abundance as on the Californian gold-fields. The regulated flood which the Coliban re- servoir would supply would provide all the water the miners require, and would contribute sufficient also for irrigation throughout districts that are likely to become famous hereafter as vine-grow- ing counties. A somewhat similar scheme is projected for the Ovens dis- trict, and the district lying north of the Pyrenees has a similar claim to advance. The scheme will probably be perfected in time to be placed before the Legis- lature, but as the next is the third, and therefore the last, session of the present Parliament, it is likely the task of pro- viding the necessary funds -will be left for the Assembly of 1864-5. It is stated that Mr. Heales will renew his attempt to amend the Land Bill of 1862; Greater economy in the public expendi- ture, and large reductions in the salaries of the civil servants, aro hinted at ; but the inflow of the land rents and assess ments, and the healthy state of the Cus- toms and other revenues, will long ago have relieved tho mind of the Treasurer of any anxiety as to the character of his December balance. We have learned with anxiety, by tho news of the September mail, that the remonstrances of the southern and eastern Australian colonies seems to have so far failed of effect that transportation to Western Australia is still to be persisted in. Public feeling in this colony on tho subject has suffered no change. There is no shade of difference in the general opinion. Tho decision to which the Duke of Newcastle seems to have como is re- garded as an undeserved piece of cruelty towards these colonies. Whatever the wishes of Western Australia may be, they ought not for a moment to be set up in opposition to the feelings and wishes of all the other colonies, where experience has shown that nothing can bo more injurious to their futuro than tho continuance of transportation to any portion of the Australian continent. The selfishness of tho settlers of the Swan Uiver in this matter-their utter indifference to the future, for the sako of a littlo present gain-deserves no en- couragement from the home Government. It wero better that Western Australia were altogether erased from the map of British possessions. If the attractions of that settlement are insufficient to draw immigrants, or to keep them when they arc landed on that undesirable coast, it may show that tho colony is little worth retaining ; but because it is a poor and almost re trogrcssivo colony is a sorry reason for throwing a deadly blight upon the good namo of those other Australian settle- ments which have done so much for the mother country, and which have struggled so energetically to better a reputation which would have been from the first of tho highest character, but for tho ovil which this very system of transportation inflicted upon them in their early days. These colonies are portions of tho British ompire, and whilo they remaiu so, we claim that wo havo as good a right to be saved from the land- ing of England's worst criminals on Australian. shores as any one of the English counties has to protest against being made the depAt of tho criminality of all tho rest. Herts might bo con- tent with such a distinction for the sako of its gains, but would the larger and richer counties which sur- round that little division of tho English soil, rejoice ia the bargain 1 It ht so with the Australian colonies. The weak and silly one among us is Western Aus- tralia, and all the others, having some- thing to fear from and something to lose by a system of felon immigration, pro- test against being made the victims of our neighbour's cupidity and moral tur- pitude. Wo are not without hope that the remonstrances sent home will yet have their proper effect, and that we shall be saved from a wrong and an insult, and England from unnecessarily and wantonly doing an act that must estrange our sympathies. What is in truth a question of convenience to the mother country, is .absolutely one of moral death to us. It is here only that the importance of the question is under- stood in its full significance, and hence the warmth of our feeling on the subject. New South Wales continues to bo outraged by the proceedings of a g.ang or gangs of bushrangers-the descend- ants or the pupils of transpórteos-who defy the whole power of tho police, and put their daring beyond all limits of endurance. Two of them have fallen in encounters with settlers, and it is to be hoped the gang will speedily be broken up. The war in New Zealand proceeds. .The strong native position of Meremere, on the Waikato Biver, hits been aban- doned" by the natives. General Cameron had made every preparation to carry the hill by assault, and ho hoped to have struck such a blow as would break the neck of the rebellion. The Maories, however, would not stand the shock. As soon as they became certain of the advance of the English, they silently abandoned their defences, and retreated through the woods in their rear. General CAMERON is advancing into Waikato, and now road-making and the formation of military settlements will go on contemporaneously with the war. It is only by these means that the enemy can be effectually subdued. It is now clear, however, that we are engaged in the last New Zealaud war. The conflict which these mis- guided natives has drawn us into cannot now be terminated without their com- pleto subjugation, though the work may be one of time. In the course of the month, H.M.S. Himalaya co.aled in Hobson's Bay, on her way from Galle to Auckland, with H.M. 50th Regiment. The transportation question is agiiu ex- citing very considerable attention here, and the recent intelligence from home on the Bubject ÍB regarded with dlsfavonr. It was hoped that wo were not likely to hear much . more of the despatch of convicts to Western Australia ; but the knowledge brought to us by the last mail, that another ship hal been chartered for the purpose, has reviv.ti to a great extent the feeling of dissatisfaction general in this colony. Tho effect of the news has been to infuse fresh vigour into the friends of the anti-transportation movement, and additional steps are being taken to im- press upon the home Government the opposi- tion of the colonists of Victoria to a recur- rence to tho transportation eye tem, whether to Western Australia or elsewhere. Amongst the meetingB held recently on the subject, a large number of the members of various young men's associations met one evening Inst week, in St. George's-hall, and the Sptaker of the Legiblatlve Assembly, Sir Francis Murphy, occupied tho chair on the occasion. Sir Francis, who has been a colonist for something Uko twenty eight yeare, pointed out very forcibly to the meeting tho evils which wero oataiied upon any country where convict labour wa3 introduced, and his own experience went to show that the ditadvautsges of tho Bystoin were many, while the 6olo advantage to be gained by the presence of convicts was that o young country could by means of convict labour gets its roads formed and its bridges built more cheaply than would otherwise bo tho case. For that advantage, however, the price to bo paid in other respects was enor- mous. Sir Francis also adverted to the controversy which is being waged through the columns of somo of the leading Journals of England on the subject, and mado reference particularly to tho letters of Mr. Edward Wilson and Mr. D. Kosa Mangles-the one being tho opponent and tho other the advocate of the system. Sir Francis expressed himself Btrongly in fa- vour of the position taken up by Mr. Wilson, and regarded his statement of the merits of the case as being the clearest and best which had been made, whilo the arguments of Mr. Mangles were, in hw opinion, no reply to Mr. Wilfon's letters. The same view of the case was takon by other speakers at the meeting ; and resolutions and a petition embodying tbo views of tltoBo present were adopted-tito pe- tition to bo forwarded to His Excellency, for tranemibBion in tho ordinary course to the Queen. Tho Anti-Trinsportaliou League, which was formed some ti mo ago, also continues itseffortE to press upon the authorities at home the undesirabillty of recourse to a system fraught with evil, not to one, but to all of the Australian colonies. From New South Wales the nowa is still that the bushrangers are busy, and the police apparently unable either »o suppress or to punish thoir outrages. Thuso " knights of the road" have grown more and more daiing with success, and somo of their recent exploits exhibit a recklessness and hardihood not a little sutprising. The particular band which has bjon brought into prominence lately is that headed ,by Gilbert and O'Meally, two well-known names; but successful as thoy have been, they have, at leastin two cases, paid elearly for their success. Some short time ago one of thoir number, named Burke, fell in an attack on a settler's house, aud tho reward of £600 offered for his capturo hw b;en paid ? over to tim gontleman at whoso bandi liurlto met his death. Still moro recently the band has sustained another and a greater loss, in the person of the redoubted O'Meally hims.'lf, who has fallen in an attack on the residence of a Mr, David Campbell, of Golutnbla, abjut thirty-six miles from Forbes. Tito attickon the part of the bushrangers appears to have bein H determined ono, ami to have termi- nated only with ¿he death of O'Meally. It is to bo presumed that Mr, Campbdll will ro ceivc, as in tho case olrendy mentioned, tha price set upon O'Meally's hoad by tho Govern- ment. Thero have recently been convictions in different parts of the colony for crimes of a capital nature, At Beechworth, a short timo ago, the authorities wero engaged in the in- vestigation of a charge of inurdor against three pcrsotif-a Mr?. Scott, a young man named Dtvld Gedge, only nineteen years of age. her paramour, and a coloured man named .lulian Cross. The victim was the husband of the former, and it appeared that while lyin¿ in his bed in a somi-insonsible state, from continued intoxication, the bubbind was shot by Cross, nt the instigation of Mrs. Scjtt, Gtdgc lieing a'so on accetsary. The investi- gation resulted iu the ondumnation of the accused, and they undetwent tho last pennlty of tbo law, within tho precincts of tho Melbourne Gaol, on Wednesday, the 11th of tbo month. This is the first instand in which a female lum Buffered on the scaffold in Victcnia. At tbo Orimitiat Sessions, held latt week, a convict fro'n T-tmnnia, named James Uirrett,_ mil who had only been fourfen days in tho colony, was tried for a most brntil and un provs ked murder, cimmitlnd nt Woo lstock on Wednesday, the 21 «t of October. Tho vic- tim was a Mrí. David Beckiosalo, tho wife of n. daity farmer; and on the Sunday previous Barrett hod gone to their home seeking em nlojuunt. Thoy received him, and he was kindly treated by them : hi* return for that kindness being (nat on tho Wednesday named, he took advantage of the tomporary nbsunce of the husband, and p°rpetratcd the cowardly orid savagomutder with which ho was charged, the object of the crime being thoposiession of a paltry sum of money. The evidence produoed on the trial WAS more than sufficient to make his guilt clear, aud sentence of death was passed ut on bim, no hope of any mitiga tiein of it being hild out to him. There wore other heavy charges on the list for disposal at the Criminal .Sessions. Tbo annual meeting of the Acclimatisa tien Scciety of Victoria waa held on the ofiertoon of Wednesday, the llth, and Sir Charlen Dalling, who has taken t'iopostof hlspredecesfor/" aa president of the associa- tion, occupii-d the clair. His Excellency de- livered a lengthened address on tho occa- sion, and touched somewhat minutely upon various points of more or leas iu telc't to the friends of the acclimatiaition rat/venicnt. But perhaps the moat inter sting at cech at tho meeting was that of Mr. Robert Officer, Pre ¡dont of the Legislativa Assembly Of la'niania, and chairman of the Salmon Conunisfeion of that colony, who deacribjU tho nature of the various uffoitf. which had been made by the latter body to introdnco salmon ova to tho Tasmanian watore. l<V>r the infoimatlon of our home readers, the re- production of a fewol that gentlemau's ob- servations may not be out of place. Mr. Officer believed that mo.-t of tho-u present were acquainted with the elïorta which had bien made hitherto to introduce the salmon, and wero aware of the unsuccescful attempt made by the Beautiful Stur to bring the ova to Tasmania. The whole of the ova, how over, died on the passage, and soaio £2,000 had bec-n Io<t in tho attempt. But from that very failure they had gained a great deal of experience, and had lea nid a lesson which waa well worth al that bad been expended. The pinn adopted then wat. to bring tho ova in trays filled with gravel, over which a constant stream of fresh wat r was kept playing, the water having first passed through an ice-bouse; but the ma- chinery was too complicated, and any falling oft in the supply of water, or the slightest dif- ference in the temperature, would be fatal to the experiment under any circumstances. Just when tho vessel was on the point of sail- ing, however, a small wooden bjx, with some ova in its covered with moss, had buen put into the ice-house, and when the ice-house was opened, the box waa discovered lying with the lid otf ; a number of the ova con- tained in it were found to be still alive, and they were taken out, and placed oa the gravel-trays, when they revived, and sua- ta ned lile considerably longer than those which bad been originally placed on the tray». Thntle'd tho salmon commissioners of Tas- mania to make, up their minds to try the ex- periment of bringing out thu ova iu that way. They accordingly Bent home young Mr. Rams bottom to spend the first winter ana suc- ceeding summer in experimenting upDu that plan, und he was cordially assisted by friends in London-atnongat othera by Mr. James Young-in tho work; and by tho kindness of proprietors of ice-houses, boxes suitable for tho purpose wero obtained. These boxes were examined at intervals of a month, and the experiments at first ranged from thirty up to forty-four days, and they were found to be quite successful, and in each case tho ova, under proper treatment, gave birth to tbe living fish. Tbo last experiment waa made with ova which bad been kept in boxes for a period of 144 days, and it was also a BucccBP. It wonld appear therefore, ho thought, that the difficulty which had hitherto stood in their way had at length been got over, and that the ova when next despatched from the old country would reach their shores alivo and in health. The expen- sive and cumbrous machinery before made use of would be finally abandoned, and in stiuctions to that effect had beon given. The ice-bouse, in which the next bitch of ova would be brought out would contain fifty tons of solid ice ; and the boxes containing the ova would be placed in that house, and it would remain unopened until the vessel reached Tasmania. It had also been provided that the ship should sail from Eoglaad at a time which would enable her to land her freight in the colder weather,since it was essential to tho success of the experiment that the tem- pi rature to which they were at first exposed should differ as little as possible from that of tho English waters. There could ba little doubt, lie thought, that the salmon would do woll in Tasmania ; and any one who bad visited the sparkling rivers there must almost have expected to find thom inhabited by large numbers of thoBo monarch)) of tho river. They had all tho peculiarities of Scottish rivers, and it was impossible to doubt that the salmon would find a cougenial home In them. Mr. Officer also alluded to tho efforts of the Tasmanian Society as regarded the introduction of different descriptions of birds and anímala to the colony. Tho annual report, which waa submitted at tho same meeting, showed that satisfactory progress had been made with the works in hand during the past year. The annual exhibition of implements and agricultural stock tinder the auspices of tho Port Philip Farmers' Society has takon place, and has been'a success in all department?. Thore wero large numbers of persons present on tho different days over which the exhibi- tion exte nded. Tho Spring Meeting of the Turf Club took place on Friday and Saturday last, and the racing was of a high class. Tho attendance on tho part of the public was unusually good, and on both days the Governor waa present. The annual Melbourne Regatta on the Salt- water River, cn Monday, the Oth, was a success, both as regards the racing and tho number of spectator* present. Sir Charles Dalling patronised tho sroits of the day. A vacancy baa been occasioned in the re- presentation of tho Eastern Province in the Legislative Council, by the death of Mr. Robert Thomson, on Sunday, the 15th, at his residence in Gipps baud. Mr. Thomson was also the Chairman of Committees in that branch of the Legislature, and by his death that prst is likewise vacant. Mr. Thomson waB a member of the Scotch bar, and has for many yeare been resident in this colony. Ile had long held the honour of representing a constituency in Parliament, though ho never took an active patt in public affaira. He has left a widow and a numeious family to lament his IOFB, By a very wido circle of friends he was much esteemed for 1 ia honour- able and kindly nature. Mr R. Vaughan is spoken of as a caudidate for tho vacant scat. A flower-stand, tho gift of tho ladio3 of the colony to the Princess Alexandra, will be suit home by this mail for preaentalion to Her Boyal HlghneES. Tho stand ia a very handsome one, and bears the inscription, "To Hir Royal Highness the Princess of Walcp, from the ladies of Victoria, 14th Match, 1868. Our annual civic olections havo takon place, and Mr. John Thomas Smith is again the oc- cupant of the civic chair of tho city. This is thcscvcnthtiinoMr. Smith has boon elected to the post. We are looking somewhat anxiously for the arrival of the nowsouiowhnt ovcr- duobteamer, the Great Victoria, which is intondod as a companion ship to the Great Britain. Sha hits bee-n rather more than eighly days at sea, and was expected to make at least a moderately fast voyage. Tho paasengar-list Of the Great Britain has been published, and from it wo ECO that that favourite Bhip is again bringing out a very largo number of passenger.", amongst them several gentlemen whoso names have long been familiar in the colony. Sho is expected ¿abant the 10th of December. A return lattly pres'ntcd to the South Aus- tralian Parliament shows that the Govern- ment of that colony havo expended £25,C0!) (la's £1,440 recovered by tho sale of stoiesl on exploration sinco 1867. Tho expodition headed by Babbage cost £5,SGG ; that of Mr. Stuart's two expeditions in 18(50 2, oxolnsivo of the Balm ies paid by Messrs. Cbatnbcrg and Finke, £0,143; that of Mr. J. M'Kinlay, £0,198; that of Mr. Crawford to tho Barrier ltaugep, £1,053: and the geological survey conducted by Mr. Selwyn in 1859, £110. The outgoing mail steamer laut month was detained at Port Phillp Heads for some time iu consequence of tho very heavy weather which pre-vailed forafewday?. TheNorthatn, with the Si ptembor mails on b lard, reached the bay caily on the morning of Saturday, tho 14th. The Madra«, with tho outgoing mails for England and the East, sails to-morroiv at two o'clock. _ THE WAR IN NKW ZEALAND. The principal lutolliguico concotning tho Now Zealand war which was convoyed to Englnnel by tho October mail waa the ex- pected attack on tho Mercmoro foTtrea?, noar the Upper Waikato River, which the Maories had occupied in considerable force- on tho 10th of August. They had greatly strength- ened tlte natural advantages of the position, and, to all appearance, had determined to defend it against any attempt willoh might ho made to difilodge them. Within the last few days, howover, wo learn that thoy have stealthily abandoned tho for- tification, anl offeoted a clever retreat un- observed. Oenoral Cameron had complotod elaborate arrangements for making a Bimnl taneouo attack in front and from the river, on the night of the 1st ¡nat. ; but the troop3 found their progress unchecked, and on ou teringtho fortress discovered that it was do f erted. The nest was warm, but the bird had flown. The following is the telegrapnio ac- count of tho affair:--"On the night of tho 1st, General Oameroo, having completed his arrangements for storming, lauded 700 men to throw np breastworks. Tho Maories, fi aid- ing an attack was muant, silently doserted thufoititicatio-s, and, when tha troops en- tered, the place was comtilutely deserted, the Maories having successfully retreated, leaving behind one twenty-four pound cannon. Thoir retreat cpens the passage of the Waikato for ti oops. A gunbo.it went up the liver, bul saw no signs of the Maories. General C¿mcro_ ints- iidspuBUing forward through the Maori territory." ThiB Is our latest news from New Z -aland, and tho principal item connected with tha war thi- month. There have, however, boen some t-klrmiehes, iii on« of which tbo Victo- rian \oluntiers took a prominent pitt, and four of their number were killed. Their names are Litutunant Percival, Corporal Tower, and Pi i vates Beswick and Williamson. Thoy aie tho firut Victorian voluuteers who havo tallon dttrir g the war, and it is intended to erect a tablet to their încmiry in Now Zea- land. Altogether, eight soldiers wero killed in the c: g'igemeht, and between thirty and forty native p. Tho names of tho other soldier? are Ldeutenant Norman and Pri- vates Worthington, Ot'etn, and M'Uilmli. The fight took piuco at Muuku, on the 23rd ult. A newtpapar correspondent, in describing what occurred, Bays that on tho 22nd it was ascertained that a large force of the Maories was about to frosa the Waikato, near the eud of the Muuku Valley, aud on, the following morning heavy vclloys wero heard fired in the forest at the upper end of tho ralle]r. Lieutenant Lutsk, with a number of the Mauku Foresters Corps, marched in thnt direction, and carno lu tight of about 600 armed natives. The licutenunt sent fop reinforcements to a stockade! at somo lit tin diblance, and in response to this call for assist- ance Lieutenant Percival, with about fifteen men, started for tho scene. Instead of striotly following Lis orders, however, Lieutenant Per- cival took a road through the forest, under the impression that ho would thus fall upon the flantt or rear of a party of natives who wero likely to ho attacked in front hythe other pai tv. By this mistake, his small party of fifteen men wero expose! to the greatest danger of being cut off, as thoy ac- tually did como upon the flank of 50} men. "'1 be moment,"fays the author of tho ac- count, " their desperate position became known, Lieutenant Lu*k gave the Wsird to hiBFmitll pjrty of about fifty men to advanco to the rcbcuc This they did with tho greatest alactity, mid succeeded in Teaching the small party, end in driving back the astailants im- mediately in front of thom. Tboso on both, flanks, however, had succeeded in getting round in great strength under cover of the forest, and in a few minutes, duriug which tha men wote forced to reBt after their violeut exertions in advancing at a trot t) tho sup- port of their companions, they found them- selves absolutely surrounded by about 590 na- tives, who ad va h cud in beautiful skirmishing order, four deep, and firing with grout rapidity. Tho bre was returned tor some timo willi great spirit by the small force caught thuB in a uet, and cm posed in almost equal patts of Australian volunteers and Mauku Foresters. At last it became evident that to save tha lites of any of tho party they must brook through the living wall ot on em ios which no w sutrounded them. Tho commanding officer. Lieutenant Lusk, therefore chose a spot whero he thought tlte-y might forco thoir way into the bush through the natives, lie then gave the word to fix bayonets, and led them to tho charge. Ouo of those eugaged tells mo ho never could havo conceived such a scene as followed. Tho natives rushed in upon them on every side, stinting from every bush of fern, tomahawk or gun in baud, and, with tho most horrible yells, cabtiug thetnselve iipon tho little band, to break it in pioces, and so cut off the men in detail. Tho struggle seems to havo I een the most deadly of any we have yet record of in the war with tho natives, as it was literally hand to baud, tho bayonet and the tomahawk coming into con- tact constantly, and many natives fell In thi* way. The lino of our men wa*, to usa the ex- pression used to me by my informant, actually smothered' by natives, who threw thom Eelves upon it on all sldeB. At last the party forced its way by main strength through tha assailants and gained the cover of tho forest, into which the natives did not venturo to puiBno them. Eight mon of the small bat heroic party fell iu this Btruggle, and one waa severely wounded, but escaped along with his comrades. The following day largo bodies armed at Mauku as ruluiotcements, and fol- lowed up the natives, but failed to overtake thom, as they mado for the Wuikato, which tbey succeeded iu crossing, our troops only reaching the bank in time to uro upon tha last canoe and kill several men. Tho native loss is estimated, from the number of rough litretchers found at the river, to have boen be- tún n thirty aud forty. The other skirmishes were of a vory minor character, and do not appear to have) re- sulted ia any loss of life. Several cold- blooded outrages have been committed by thu Maories. Amongst other sanguinary doods, they have murdered three settlers, an old man and woman, and a Eergoant of tho 40th Regi- ment. They have also tomahawked two children, and shot another through tho heart. Thrco soldiers havo died of wounds recoived in tbo engagement at Taranaki. During the month General Cameron hal obialnid largo reinforcements both of Impe- rial troops and volunteers raised in the Aus- tralian colonies; aud iu all probability his forco baa ero now bein increased by tho accession of tho 60th Ktgiment, which waa despatched from Colombo in H.M. Bteam transport ship Himalaya. The ship arrived iutbo pott of Melbourne on tho 2nd, «n ro'Ue for tho scat of war, and proceeded to hor di Bli- na! ion on the 7th. There can be no doubt that thoro aro ampio troops in New Zeultiud to crush the rebellion ut once, if the enemy coultl be met ia opjn battle. It is quito evidont, however, that tho Maoiies are fur too wary to riBk auch an en- counter, und that they aro déterminai to cuiry on a gueiilla warfare. The adroitness and bltill with which tbey effected their re- treat from Metcmere are sufficient proofs of thoir ttrntegic powers, and there is too much reason to fear ttmt the struggle vr.ll bo a li v iat8ing mid prolonged one. THE GOLDFIELDS. Affairs on tho gold-fields remain much as they have been for tho last throo months, ex- cept that the countty is drying gradually as the daj s becotnolong, and the weather warm when it ÍB fine. Still, scarcoly a week passe* without heavy rain and injurious ¡loods in places, so that the miners are not freo, evon yet, from the troubles consequent on a super- abundance of water, and ftom which thoy havo suffered for a longer period during the current yenr tha« in any since tho commonoo ment of gold-digging. This has muoh de- layed tho opening up of now fields amongst the mountains, oven where these aro kuowa to exist ; but on tho wliolo theso lato rains aro for the good of tho greater number, in allowing of the prolonged occupation of many tracts of auriferous country which, havo ordinarily to bs deserlod ero this, and of a largo proportion of the Humorous body of puddlers continuing this peculiar description of work long after thoy havo UBtially to forego it. The last great rush, that to the placo now called Haywood, in the Bendigo district, has, as a matter of course, boon over- done, and, although tho most important and successful which has occurred for somo time past, is turning out prntty much as might havo been expedid. Tho shallow ground where gold wna first found was very rich, but, os np piara to be the caso all over tho Bund ¡go distiict, no sooner doos tho dopth of sinking increaso materially than the difficulty of finding the lead Increases in moro than a pro- portionate ratio, and this becomes poorer und poorer as it is followed a'ong its downward course-quite the contratyfrom whatlmppena in the Ballarat and ono or two other district?, where the deeper parts of the loads ato tho richest and best defined. Then, at Kiy wood, thero aro no natural receptacles for water, aud-it was thought to bo much too lata to mako provision for saving any, BO that little good can begot of the inferior claims during tho Hummer, aud the population now remaining on the ground is not half what it was a couple of wteks since. Still, much gold has beon already obtained, in tho form o£ nuggets nickod from the dry washdirt, and also smaller gold fi oui tho richer portions of this dirt worth earling somo miles to water. Tho lead bos traced out for moro thau a mile, and Eevcral other now spots have been found in the neighbourhood, BO the Raywood rush may still be spoken of as the best which has occuired for a long timo past in tho Bendigo dibtrict. There havo buen f.lly tho usual number of rushes on a stnoll scale in other parts of tho country, and perhaps rather more than tho usual number In the vlcinitv of Dunolly, where It appear* very hard to exhaust, or evon to hit upon, the many leads and deposite. Much work is now going on at Mount Greenock in search of the deposite known and supposed to exl-t there, and the miners have been fur ther stimulatsd in their exertions by the be- lief that one of the two companies actually on -the lead lately divided £70 per man for one week's work. The Ballarat companies have not been paying very large dividends during the last few weeks, those of the Great Ex- tended being the highest, namely-£58 per share for one fortnight, and £40 per sharo for the other fortnight of the month. Tho Print» of Wales is next, with dividends of £26 par share for each fortnight, the Defiance and the Koh-i-Noor companies only paying £16 and £20 per share for the same periods; but some of these companies had to make large deductions fjrlaw expenses, and others .for indispensable improvements In their mines. TheBuninyongcompauylssteadily and surely riaing into importance, having been able to pay £50 per share for ono fortnight, and £40 per share for the other. The largest nugget for the month, weighing Vl&ot.;, was found a couple of weeks since in Red Jacket Gully, Bendigo district, so famous for such lumps, one of 28oz. 2dwc having been found in the same gully a week or two previously in addition to the many before noticed. Near -Maryborough, a nugget weighing eighty ounces was found at a depth of four feet from the surface, and Kingower, formerly so .prolifio in these things, has at length produced another weighing thirty ounces. From the richest reefs in the colony, those in the dividing rangea to the eastward, we seldom have returns, but tho Burveyor general, who baa lately been in that part of the country and has inspected some of them, is so convinced by what he saw, that, at the lost meeting of the Royal Society, he not only admitted the truth of the theory that all gold-biaring reefs are richestnearthesurfaeoof the ground, but also gave it as his opinion, from what is to be s »en in this country, that such reefs are rich in proportion to their positive height above the level of the seo. This ap- pears to be in the main trne, as far as can be judged here as yet ; but the former theory is stoutly contradicted by many of our quartz miners, who say that they get more gold irom the deepest levels yet attained than they did near the surface; and so, probably, they do, but they have in most cases to dispose of . avery much greater quantity of stone to get " «t it. The richest leactors havo generally been found near the surface, but these aro mostly thin, either running out altogether, or ex- panding into wider veins and lodes below, ?with tho gold moro diffused throughout the quartz. Thia is generally the case, but our mining here ¡B still muoh too near the surface to allow of any rule being laid down on the subject. To return, however, to the most material point for the present, the actual yields obtained : these aro In favour of the elevation theory ; for the average obtained from reefs four and five thousand feet above the sea is now un- doubtedly the highest by far, ranging, at Wood's Point, from four to thirty ounces to the ton ; and one lot of thirty-five hundred ' weight of stone, carriod on pack horses from tho All Nations Beef, on the other side of tho range, produced no less than 162oz. -From the lower reefs we have nothing like thia, these last only produciug pennyweights ,aa compared with onuces from the former. The best yield announced for some time past from Inglewood waa one of nearly 800oz. from 242 tons of stone, out of a claim on Maxwell's Beef; Old Poverty Reef, at Tar- nagulla, giving an equally good return of nearly 1,200 e<z. from 380 tons of stone raised from a depth of 400ft. Tho proportionately higher yields from smaller quantities of stone we need not specify, but these have not been wanting. From tho last half-yearly report of tho proceedings of the Port Philip Company at Clunes, it appears that 20,155 tons of stone were orushed during that period, with a yield of 9,82Soz. IGdwt., oran average of only 9dwt. 18gr. to the ton, less by nearly two penny- weights than the average of the preceding half year-a fact in favour of the deep and poor quartz theory, for the yield obtained at the mills of this company, working on a larger scale than any other in tho colony, has cer- tainly been diminishing aa the greater depths are reached. Silver will shortly be a regularly recurring item in our escort returns, aa the plant for the St. Arnaud Silver Mines Associa- tion will be completed in a few week?, and operations for the extraction of this metal will -then be commenced in earnest. Already has one parcel of 650oz. been received in town, and from this ha3 Bince been extracted ten per cent, of gold. AGRICULTURE. Harvest time is now approaching, and wo certainly have had, as yet, little weather suitable for such a season. Much of the hay crop haa been cut, and got together, little of it, however, in first-rate condition, and through oat the coming year a load of hay not stained and weather-beaten will be as hard to obtain as it was four or five years since, after a spring somewhat similar. The other crops promise well, except on low lands, where they have been kept very backward by the repeated rains, and on alluvial flat», which have been flooded over and ovor again, and everything on them swept away nnddestroyod. Should the weather take up fine now, the yield of grain will be good, notwithstanding the par- tial faitures, but the growth on tho better sorts 'of land has been staong, and if the rains con- tinao over another month many more of the farmers will suffer serious IOSB. The severe gales of wind lately have destroyed much fruit in exposed situations, hut elsewhere tho yield still promises to bo nbuudaut. Grapes will be lato, and únicas the antumn should be unusually dry and warm, will not ripen sufficiently and in time to give the wine makers a fair chance. But there may be heat enough during the next four months for this and all other purposes, and in the meantime tho country is looking better than it has often done before at the end of November. Feed is most plentiful everywhere, and tho stock in splendid condition whore free from disease. Shearing is well advanced, though later in regard to time than in moat Îears, but we fear the different kinds of orr will not be late in perfecting their seeds, and our wools will in too many in- stances be again liable to the charge of bein* badly got up. This year, however, many of the settlers wore absolutely unable to commence shearing for many weeks after 'they wero prepared to do BO, and then, all wanting to commence together, the scarcity of hands rendered this impossible, BO the elementa aro more to be blamed than the owners of the sheep. The wools of this yoar will be found very superior In regard to strength of staple and fulness of growth, and the total woight of the clip will be great. The number of highly-bred young sheep ia now .increasing very much hera each year, and there has been some difficulty in disposing of all the young ran« offered for salo, owing more to the fear entertained of driving sheep any distanco, and thus incurring the danger of scab, than from any limit to the market, If this danger were removed. The flocks of many of our breeders aro fast gaining a very high character, and this end .will be much promoted by the result of the late Intercolonial Champion Show, held here two weeks since. The large prizes offered did sot induce competition from, either New South. Wales or Now Zealand, and thero waa only one sot of entries from South Australia ; hut the sheep from Tasmania and different S arts of this colony, amounting to over a hun redpena in all, constituted such a collection of merinoea as Australiana have no need to bo ashamed of. The idea of offering champion prizes of £100 each for the best ram and the best ewe bred in any of tho colonies waa a spirited one, and was well responded to, though it had not much effect in affording an opportunity of forming an opinion as to the comparative merits of the sheep in different parts of Australia. The com- petition was altogether between Tasmania and Victoria, and some of the prizes fell to the lot of breeders from tho neighbouring island. The champion ram waa bred here by the Mesare. Learmonth, and was only a year- ling ; and the champion ewe was bred by Mr. Thomas Shaw, a great advocate for puro Aus- tralian sheep withont the farther admixture of foreign blood, now that the climate and pasturage have brought the merino to such a ?itch of excellence as we havo attained. This beory, if it has been strtctly.adhered to, must have some truth in it, for. besides show- ing the best owe, Mr. Shaw took several of the other prizeB offered for pens of sheep of different ages, and this against breeders who havo for years past been purchasing tho beat sheep imported from Europe. Prizes wore offered for the best ewe and ram, either imported or colonial bred, and the judges had llttio trouble in deciding that these must go to tho owners of tho latter, as these were much better than the imported sheep, although amongst theso last were animals from several of the moat famous flocks in France and Ger- many. Such being tho judges' opinion, the champion ewe and ram should havo had the other prizes as well, which, in point of fact though of less money value, canted with them more honour ; but, unfortunately, these two, as well as some more of the best pous of Vic- torian sheep, were removed from the yards before the judges wera able to conclude their i labours, so the honour of beating the im- ported sheep fell to the lot of the breeders of a Tasmanian ewe and -ram, which were before baatsnfor the champion prizes. The judges were not to blame, for they gavo the prizes to tho best sheep in the yard at the time, bat it WHS a mistake to allow any sheep to be taken away, and Victoria should have had the honour when it was her due. As many as seven judges were appointed, and they had no easy task to eelect from Buch a number of picked animals the best in regard to the fineness and closeness of wool, length of staple, and symmetry of carcasa-for these were the requirement». Thus their la- bour was long protracted, and the final resnlt was eomewriat unsatisfactoiy ; but-these awards will have no little weight, and the bestofourcolonialmerinoeawillforthe future hold a higher position than they did in com- parison with imported sheep. The sale of these last is becoming more difficult each year, and high prices are no longer to bo realized. The Purt Philip Society's annual show of stock and Implements waa held on the same day as the great show of sheep, and was good in some departments, although deficient in others, owing to the day chosen being BO late in the season. Except in the classes for coarse-woolled sheep, there was a falling-off In the entries of stock; and in the implement and machinery yard there was nothing calling for special notice, except tho reaping- amohines, and some of thc?e have been much improved since laBtyear. We have now several makers in competition, and they appear determined not to rest until thoy have reached to something near perfection. THE THEATRES. Mr. and Mrs. Kean concluded a most suc- cessful engagement at the Haymarket Theatre on Saturday last Whatever dis- appointment may have been felt by some of the patrons of the Theatre at tho commence- ment of the engagement, it was early re- moved. By the sterling excellence of their acting, Mr. and Mrs. Kean have now esta- blished themselves are firm favourites in Mel- bourne. The season commenced on the 10th ult._ It has occupied but a brief six weeks, during one of which the theatre waa closed with the exception of one nitrht Com- mencing with "The GameBter," Mr. and Mrs. Kean have since appeared in "Much Ado About Nothing," " The Wife's Sccrot," " Louis the Eleventh," "Henry the Eighth," "The Merchant of Venice," " Hamlet," " The Stranger," "Richard the Third," "Macbeth," " Othello," " Tho Wonder," and " The Jealous Wlfo." On Saturday, the closing night, the play selected waa ''Macbeth." The same cartful noting was displayed as on the first night of the production of this tracedy, and assured, apparently, by the favour with which his idea ot the character of Macbeth was then received, Mr. Kean played throughout with an oarnestness that made the scenes of the latter acts powerfully impressive. He carried with him tho appreciation of the audience throughout, and more gennine applause has never boen heard within tho walls of a theatre thon that which expressed the feelings of the audioncc on the fall of the curtain, mark- ing as it did the termination of an en- gagement felt to have been too brief. Mrs. Kean shared to the fullest extent in the successes and honours of the evening. The house was crowded in every part. At the fall of the curtain, Mr. and Mrs. Kean were called for, and when the applause which greeted them had subsided sufficiently to enable Mr. Kean to address the house, he snoko as follows :-" Ladles and gentlemen, The fatigue consequent upon the exertions of thii cveninc will, I trust, be received as sufficient apology for confining myself to the simple expression of Mrs. Kean's thanks and my own for the increasing favour with which yon have received our efforts. The sight of tho brilliant and crowded assemblages that havo, night after night, filled this theatre during our engagement, has ex- cited in us feelings of pride and satis- faction. Such au unmistakable evidence of your good opinion will remain indelibly impressed upon our memories, and, in our approaching retirement from public life, bo cherished by us amongst the most pleasing recollections of our long professional career. (Great applause.) Before I retire, permit me to announce that arrangements have been concluded for our return to this theatre for a limited number of nights, commencing about the middle of February. (Great applause.) Till then we respectfully and gratefully bid yon farewell." Thus closed a season which must always occupy a marked place in' the history of the "stage of this colony. Mr. and Mrs. Kean and their party, accom- panied by Mr. Coppin, sailed for Sydney on Monday afternoon. Mr. Coppin's enterprise, to which we owe the visit of the Keans, is not likely to go unrewarded. At the close of tho season in Melbourne, Mr. Coppin has found that his calculation of the receipts, so far, has been exceeded. It may also bo stated that, in six successive nights, within a few shillings of £1,400 was taken at the Hay- market Theatre-a sum, wo are assured, ex- ceeding by about £150 the largest sum evor bofore drawn in tbo same period by any dra- matic entertainment, even in the most golden days of the colony, when tickets were some- times sold at a very high rate. This fact says much for the appreciation of the drama In Melbourne, as well as for the popularity of Mr. and Mrs. Kean. Mr. Jefferson com- menced a short engagement at the Haymar- ket on Monday evening, previous to his de- parture for Otago, Mr. Charles Young has transferred his services from the Royal to the Haymarket, and Mr. Stewart has left the latter for tho former. Miss Julia Mathews is singing and playing with success at Dunedin. At the Theatre Royal the main feature of attraction during the month has been the re- vival of " Macbeth," which was produced with considerable splendour, Mr. Sullivan playing, the leading part, and Mrs. Heir ap- pearing as Ltdy Macbeth. " Richard the Third' has also been produced. On Saturday night, " Guy Mannering" was brought out, with Bishop's music, Madame Carandini, Mr. Wharton, and Mr. Sherwin being specially engaged. Thero was a full house, and the performances were satisfactory. Miss Rose Edouin is playing at this houso. Miss Rosa Dunn has retired from the stage, on her mar- riage. _ SPORTING. Following up the success of the Jockey Club Spring Meeting In October, came the Turf Olub, on the 20th and 21st inst., with two days of first-rate sport, which come off under moBt favourable influences. Tho weather was extremely beautiful, the course was in very fine order, the public mustered iu considerable force, and tho Governor, with Lady Darling, was present. The sceno looked gay all round ; and, better than all, the sport was honest and good. There wore no very largo fields, but there was some quality in the competing horses-thero were some races with a finish to them : and, altogether, it was a littlo red-letter day in the " Turf Almanac" of the year. Tho Maiden Plate was won by one of Mr. Hurtle Fisher's importations, Nathalie, by Warlock-ROBO de Florence, and her victory was hailed with loud choers from all who wish well to Mr. Fisher's enter- prise in blood stock. The Ascot Vale Stakes (for two-year-olds) brought out a very good looking field of seven youngsters, any one of them looking able to gallop round the winner of the Jockey Club Sapling Stakes, yet, to the surprise of all, the winner was found in Freestone, a young Touchstone colt, who was heaton easily by Hyder Ali in tho race alluded to. Such is the uncertainty of racing I The Molbourne Cup, two milos, the great race of the day, carno next, and the appear- ance of each of tho eight competitors was eagerly scanned as they stripped in tho saadling-paddock. Barwon looked in fino condition, but he did not movo freely. Banker (own brother to Barwon) was very fresh, but he looked big, as if he wanted a couple moro good strong gallop?. Musidora was not in better form than at the Jockey Club Meeting, and she sweated a good deal when saddling. The race, however, proved that she was not far from being quite fit. The Roso of Denmark looked very well, and having thoronghly satisfied her atablo in her training, thoy were very san- guine of winning, especially after Nathalie (to whom the Roso can givo a stone and a boating) hod won the Maiden Plate. Amma was in very good form, and Shillelagh was brought out In a manner creditable to his owner. The quality of the latter pair is, however, very different, and tho old horso must confine himself for the future to com- pany of lower pretensions. Falcon waa hardly himself or he would not have con- tented himself with the last but one place in the Cap race. Tho light weight carried by the Banker (oat. 91b.) gave the cup to Mr. Joseph Harper, and the latter moy congratu- late himself that Jeannette has now given him two racehorses that will do credit both to his stud and to the horse stock of Vic- toria. On the second day, Falcon won the mile race for tho All Aga Stakes. Banker, 3 y re., i Get, won the Metropolitan Handicap, one I mile and a half, beating Nathalie, 3 yra., oat. 1010.T and five others. The Queen s Plate (three miles, at weight for age) was the next race on the card ; but, of the thirteen horses originally entered, only eight came to the post-the absentees baing Fiatcatcher, Rose of Denmark. Falcon, Sfiylock, and Gaffer Grey. Public favour was, as a matter of course, lavished upon Barwon, notwithstand- ing the atablo mado no secret of the colt not being within some pounds of his Ballarat form. Waldock, having been severely bruised by a kick from the champion on the previous day, was unable to ride, and Simpson, than whom no batter artist in the saddle ever strode a horse In Victoria, was deputed to do the ho- nours. Tho colt ran this race precisely as he ran in the Champion Race, where he went «way at score, and chopped down his field. It ap- peared, however, on this occasion that (as Waldeck had stated) the horse- was not quite himself, and he was unable-to- repeat- the Bal- larat tactics with success, as; his wind failing him in the last quarter of a müe, he was caught by Musidora, who was very patiently ridden behind until the right time, and the filly outlasting him at the finish, won by two lengths. Many good judges fancied Musidora, and backed her for thia event, relying as well on the known quality and stanch blood of old Dinah's daughter as on the fact that Barwen might not be quito up to the mark. After the race, a match was talked of between them, to be run in three months, but nothing definite was settled. An exceUent steeplechase followed, in which nine of the best cross country horses now run- ning took part, old Donovan Brown just win- ning atlast by three quat tera of a length, with Longbow second. Ia the matter of aquatic sports, wo have to note that the Melbourne Regatta took place on the Saltwater River, on the anniversary of the Prince of Wales's birthday, and it may be said to have been a success in all respects. His Excellency WBB present during part of the day, and there were not far short of 8,000 | spectators on the ground in the course of the afternoon. The programme of the racing was a lengthy one, there having been not leB3 than eleven events on the list. One of the great evonts of the day was the race foi the Champion Sculls, which was won by Mr. A. Nichols, who do feat ed his opponent, Mr. J. W. M'Cutchcon, the late holder of the prize, vary cleverly. There was good sport in some of the other évente. Aquatic sports are also going ahead in tho province?. The joint regatta of the Lear- month and Ballarat club', which is oxpected to be a very great affair, is to be hold on Lake Learmonth on the 80th instant. The principal metropolitan, suburban, and provincial cricket chiba are all making pre- parations for meeting the champions of All England, who are expected to arrive about a week before OhriBtrja». COMMERCIAL. The month baa been one of incident in monetary and commercial affairs. A Govern- ment loan of £200,000 has been offered in the market, and only partially taken up at the minimum fixed by the Treasurer. The bank- ing returns have been published for the third quarter of the year, and have given general satisfaction. Tho wool sales have commenced. Trade has been interfered with by a bois- terous season ot no ordinary severity. The advantages of a mail twice a month have been almo3t realized, H.M.S. Himalaya having arrived in Hobron's Bay on the 2nd instant with English dates vid Ceylon to the 10th, September, and the Northam on the 14th, with mails to the 26th September, and telegraphic news vid Alexandria to the 3rd October. The tenders for the £200,000 worth of rail- way debentures, called for by the Government, wore opened on the 2ad instant at tho Treasury. The minimum fixed by the Trea- surer was £105 10a. On collating the tenders it was found that only £158,770 worth of debentures were applied for. Of this sum £74,570 were at and over the minimum, and tenders to this amount were accepted, while £84,200 were below £105 10s., and were con- sequently rejected. The Treasurer has since received offers for the balance at the mini- mum price, but these have not been accepted. The market price of theso debentures pre- viously issued is 107--107J. The returns of the banks, although they do not show a very active condition of trade, and do not exhibit any marked changes, boar testimony to tho sound condition of mercantile affaire. The following is a statement of the aggregate averages, com- piled from these official returns. The liabili- ties and assets represent transactions within the colony only. The last three items in- clude the capital, profits, and dividends of all the branches of the several establishments. The average of the lost dividends declared waa at the rate of eleven per cent, per annum on the capital paid up : Notes in circulation.£1,838,088 Bills in circulation. 85,654 Balances due to other banks ... 142,836 Deposits not bearing interest ... 3,524,644 Deposits bearing Interest .8,776,462 Total amount of liabilities.8,807,076 Coin .1,367,223 Bullion and bars . 435,827 Landed property . 605,952 Notes and bills of other- banks ... 169,781 Balances due from other banks ... 191,271 Government seourities . 65,223 Debts due to the banks, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts, except notes, bills, and balances due from other banks.10,219,060 Total amount of assets .12,944,340 Amount of capital stock paid up ... 6,747,600 Amount of last dividends declared . 412,400 Amount of reserved profits.1,389,005 Comparing these official figures of the nine banks carrying on business in thia colony with those of tho second quar- ter of the year, we find a decrease in notes in circulation of £34,788; in de- posits not bearing interest of £211,879 ; in deposits bearing interest of £18,225; In the totalnmount of liabilities of £261,164; in coin of £327,125 ; and an increase in bul- lion of £64,'¿83; in landed property of £9,487 ; in Government securities of £3,988 ; in debts dne to the banks by their clients of £23,095 ; and in the total amount of assets of £19,963. In tho capital account, there is an increase in capital paid up of £4 877 ; and a decrease in the amount of the last dividend declared of £20,312, and in the amount of re- served profits ot £88,515. For the purpose of affording farther com- parison, we give in the following table the aggregate averages of the nine banks quarterly, for two years past. In this case, also, the lost three items refer to the entire capital accounts of the institutions ; the remainder to transac- tions within the colony only : ¡Notos in drculatioa Bills do. .. Deposits, not bearing in- terest .. >.. Do., bearing Interest I Total liabilities .. Coln Bullion 'Landed property - . Government securities i Debts due to banks [Total assets Paid-up capital .. Amount of last dividend Reserved profits.. ,. 1th Quarter, 1861. £ 1,650,211 83,223 4,252,279 2,740,330 8,859,374 1,850,734 640,610 510,132 78,057 9,538,419 12,857,879 6,429,025 342,005 1,816,792 lit Quarter, \- £ 1,542,480 4,328,702 2,802,790 8,963,466 1,781,852 544,090 £13,095 87,078 9,138,887 112,347,378 6,509,883 352,005 1,334,334 Srd Quarter, 1862. 4th Quarter, 1802. lst Quarter, 1863. 2nd Quarter, 1863. £ 1,469,820 117,495 3,921,452 4,082,666 9,780,129 1,898,097 468,461 521,639 81,038 9,676,873 | 13,098,242 6,513,938 382,944 1,404,581 1,494,765 110,488 4,126,818 3,992,775 9,927,079 1,856,204 494,441 £04,949 80,600 10,005,342 13,169,102 6,623,460 395,135 1,388,022 £ 1,432,808 78,144 4,065,375 3,838,777 9,563,482 1,772,833 407,616 £11,319 85,047 9,743,056 12,890,163 6,675,958 405,135 1,405,250 £ 1,372,876 8,736,523 3,794,677 9,128,240 1,694,353 371,544 496,514 62,283 9,988,095 112,924,377 6,742,623 432,712 1,427,515 In the following table the Habilitie3 and assets of the nine banks are stated sepa- rately for the third quarter of the current year aide by side with those for the third quarter of 1862: BAMS OP AUSTRALASIA. Third Quarten, 1882. Notes In circulation .. £208,700 Bills in circulation .. .. 17,913 Dopodts.'not bearing la torewt 878,010 Do. bearing Interest .. 684,682 Total llabllitt« .. .. 1,837,221 Coin.- .. 371,072 Bullion . 68,871 Landed property .. .. 106,153 Govfrntucmt reonritiM ? . ~ Debt* duo to tho bank .. 1,654,113 Tot«! assets. 2,211,131 BASE or Vicionu. Notes in circulation.. .. £292,981 Buln in circulation .. Deposits, not bearing interest* Do. bearing interest Total UabiliUe». Coin .. Bullion Landed property Government securities Debts due to the bank Total aseóte.. 18,231 7B.878 030,687 1,7SK<1S 388,557 91,730 106;349 60,000 1,476,041 2,270,053 BAKU OP NOTT SODIH WAUK. Nota lu circulation.. .. £224,611 Bills in circulation .. .. 10,025 DoposlU, not bearing intweat 674,753 Do., bearinir interest .. f>8S,68S Total liabilities .. .. 1,4 6,203 Coin. 192,636 Bullion . 85,298 Government securities .. 31,038 Landed property .. .. 66,738 Debts due to tbo bank .. 1,330,424 Total assets. 1,817,003 1803. £!00,834 18,157 724,120 642,892 1,617,1)35 £28,037 38,681 85,000 64,818 1,775,844 2,211,798 £273,480 10,438 017,601 883,844 1,052,813 293,101 08,274 124,993 1,643,601 2,140,304 £196,240 2,659 6Î0.181 660,851 1,503,173 177,822 66,011 64,034 316 l,S50,7r-S 1,693,904 UNTOS BAMK OF Notes in circulation .. Bills In circulation .. Doposlts, not bearing interest Do., bearing interest Total liabilities Coin. Bullion., .. Landod proporty Dobts duo to tho bank Total assets. AUSTRALIA. £173,028 25,833 687,678 427,732 1,218,669 210,757 44.060 64,375 1,137,996 1,510,652 £109,628 37,983 64',002 388,900 1,110,032 190,251 48,677 41,055 1,415,664 1,744,863 COLONIAL BARK OF AUSTRALASIA. Notes In circulation.. Bills in circulation Deposits,bearing; interest.. Do., not bearing interest .. Total liabilities Coln. Bullion . Landed proporty Debts due to the bank £106,103 8,273 «19,053 429,159 1,128,642 118,809 7,050 41,762 1,400,311 Total assets. 1,6.9,715 OSIEKTAJI BASK COBPOBATIOH. Notes In circulation.. .. £153,701 Bills in circulation .. .. 9.096 Dopoalts.not bearing interest 228,001 Do., bearing interest .. 477 681 Total liabilities .. .. 800,748 Coin. 1««,033 Bullion . 108,266 Landed proporty .. .. 40,009 Dobts duo to tho bank .. 768,414 Total assets. 1,129,799 LO.VDON' CilAETBRKD IÎA.VK. Notes in circulation. Bills in circulation .. Deposits, bearing interest. Do., nut bearing interest . Total liabilities Coin. Bullion Landed property Dobts due to tho bank Total assets .. £120,453 7,983 413,193 228,264 77a,330 273,611 35,883 05,190 094,414 1,391,109 £83,091 1,334 868,649 272,121 768,419 ' 113,653 12,142 41,702 1,013,212 1,209,449 £128,245 13,6)3 212,174 661,628 906,641 116 9-6 119,418 40,000 752,070 1,111,524 £100,949 8,876 243,:81 275,8»7 039,939 101,746 31,315 04,020 1,214,232 1,430,19} EKOUSII, SCOTTISH, AND AUSTRALIAN CIIAETBRED BASK. Note» In circulation Doposlts, bearing interest.. Do., not bearing interest ., Total liabilities Coln. Bullion . Landed proporty Debts due to tbo bank Total Maots. £38,387 168,161 92,833 393,342 72,712 4,4!G 25,6-9 421,073 641,850 NATIONAL BAKE or AUSTRALASIA! Notos In circulation Bills in circulation Deposits, not bearing interest Do., bearing interest Total liabilities Coin. Bullion . Landed proporty Dobts duo to tho bank .. Total assets.. £92,889 80,058 181.S67 163,081 405,669 68,203 37,380 13,462 444,520 699,621 £39,329 101,774 188,253 329,831 42,622 6,800 21,614 570,654 657,907 £82,783 2,460 164,675 212,128 493, "08 (7,449 17,074 20,815 580,623 786,034 There ia no change to notice in the rates of money. The-bank rates of exchange on England stand at :-Par for Bixty dayß' sight, and * pea: cent premium for thirty days'. Tho charges by the Peninsular and Oriental Company for the transmission of gold and bullion from Melbourne to the Bank of Eng- land amount to If per cent., Including insur- ance. The banking institutions having agen- cies in India charge-for thirty daya' ex- change on Bombay, Calcutta, and Madras, 2s. Id. per rupee; Hong Kong and Singa- pore, 4s. lOd. per dollar ; Mauritius, ii. 2d. per dollar; Ceylon, 3J per cent, premvam. The rates of interest paid by the majority of itho banka are as follow :-For deposits at thirty dayB' notice, from 1J to 2 per cent, per annum; at three months' notice, from 2 to 2J per cent.; at Biz months' notice, from 4 to 4] per cent. The banks quote 7 per cent, discount for two months' billa, 8 per cent, for three months', and 9 per cent, for four months'. In the gold market the demand for ingots for India increase». Tbo banks having agencies in the East are actively employed in melting down in small bars to meetthedemand which exists for the mail steamship Madras, to Bail for Ceylon on the 26th instant. There are some changes to notice in prices. The extrome competition which existed at the time of the despatch of the last mail steam- ship died out immediately afterwards, but during tho past weak the buyers for the banka on the gold-fields have again raised their prices. In some cases as much as £8 10a. 0a. per ounce is reported to have been given for standard, which, with the export duty of la. 6d. per ounce, brings the cost on board ship, exclusive of charges, to JE318a. per ounce. In the following table, the quantities of gold brought into Melbourne weekly by the escorts are given separately for the various cold-fields, for three months ending the 20th inst. ; 679 1020 765 925 m 780 933 3005 3199 : 15-7 1675 : 2*318 1558 '. 2560 1475 2M7 I 2628 S449 I 2105 7893 I 4128 4411 ' 4270 lieos: : 1384 : 1449: 1946: 2181 : 783: 407 722 : 637 1072 : 851 796 : 1057 411 : loos 1210 1478 : 824| 1682 1311 : 3417 4680 4637 84S5 2289 £252 6138 5850 : 10032 8428 6030 8517 4800 991 1186 i 2191 1S4E 1053 2476 2681 2068 2635 700 427 SSI 181 65 1270 372 502 £02 502 743 753 1065 28S9 3607 3470 8760 835 4169 Tho clearances of gold since the commence- ment of the year amount to 1,685,317 ounces of which 1,870,621 ounces wero the produce of Victoria, and 808,690 ounces transhipments from New Zealand vessels. Tho shipments to the corresponding dato of the previous year amounted to 1,829,002 ounces, of which 1,559,639 ounces were the produce of the Vic- torian gold-fields, and 269,463 ounces tran- shipments from New Zealand vessels. The following is a list of the gold ships which have sailed hence since the 1st of September, with the quantities and the des- tinations stated separately : Date of Ballin;. Ship. Destination. I Ounce Sejt. 8 23 Jlorucroh .. Sonora Boyal Shepherd. Northam .. Norfolk .. Prince<_ Wat«. Gothenburg 87 Bombay . ? Wonga Wong» . Son Jlk .. Balclutha .. Balclutha .. Water Nymph . OmirP.Bha 21 'London .. Hong Kong Luinceiton Point d» Galla.. London .. London .. OUgi.N.Z. .. Point da Galls.. Sydney .. London .. Sydney .. Sydney .. London .. London .. 01,833 2,606 12 79,440 69,1 ai 85,419 6 85,671 4,831 28,869 7,858 10,«44 13,958 17.8Í0 The stock and ah aro market has been fall of business during the month, the demand for all dividend-paying joint-stock securities having been steady and continuous. Messrs. Baillie and Batters report of this market : " lbs mott important transaction since lait mail haï been the result of the Government issue of £200,000 ot the raliway loan, fondera wera oponed o j tbe 3rd but., whoa It appeared that £74,570 were applied for at or above the limit ol £106 10>. Those vrt re accepted, and the balance withdrawn from the market for the present. Offers- hare since boon made fo - the «hole at, or alifrhtly In «dranco of the mini- mum, but declined by the Government ; and wo have no doust thoy «111 ultimately realize a much higher 6go re, If Judiciously plaoed on the nurkot. Previous to the 3rd, prices went do mi to £106, but immediately ralllod to£109J, £107, and £107}, ix seemed interest. The total amount tendered for wai £158,770, of which £84,200 was undor the minimum. " rho only ImpoiUm meeting for the month vas tha*. of the Nitlonal Bank, held on the 3rd lost. Tho net profits for the half-yoar amounted to £37,500 18i. 3d., iooludiPî £11,463 12s. lid. premium on shares sold ; whl* «ero appropriated as folio« a :-Dividend at the rate of eight per ccut. per annum, £16,000 ; balance of preliminary oxpetuos, £6,000 ; reserve fund, £15,000, lurolturo and stationery scoount, £500 18i. 3d. The reserve fund sow amounts to £27,000, and the business of the bank is prosperous and Increasing. Since the arrlTt.1 of the English mall, the demand for shares on account of South Australlsn buyers has almost clearol the market at any pi ice under £5. "In mining buttress tbo amount done has hem rather under the acertigo. The leturns, howoier, show no perceptible falling tit, ard tho usutl divi- dends hare generally been paid by the « ill-known Ballarat companies. Of the jolnt- st ck mines esta- blished darlot' the mania ol 1350 60, few arc doing: moro than paving expense!, aud many not doing so much. ? Considerable attention has boon directed to the working of our silver lodes at St. Arnaud ; and the returns obtained by tho oily oinpxny yet at work, with Imperfect appliances, promise future prvil a second to none known in mining; history. "Debentures.-Governmout Six per Cents, have been freely dealt in at from £100 to £ 107J, and close with buyers at £100}, and sellers at £107J. A small parcel if Molboumo Corporation Six ptr Ocn'B re mlttablo are oSerod at £107. Thero have been no declared sellers of Melbourne Railway, Hobson's Btv Railway, and Melbourne or Collingwood Ga» bond*, and the inquiry for those has liko*i»o been Hmltid. " Banks.-Cole nial have been rather dull for tho past two weeks, and a few sales have been rccoided s Ightly under par. At tho close, however, a reactl n to a small extent was apparent- fiom incrowo-J demand. Sales have flu-tuatod between £7 and £6 18s. ; closing, buyers £018'., le'Iers £7 Nation are «. oil supported, and holders generally look for an advance, which buyers aro slow to corocde. Large pírcela hare changed hands at £4 16e., £417s, and £4 17s. Cd. Tho number _0svavallabieundor_6is unimportant, and considerably undor b ¿ylng ordors. Mew South Vraies have not been offered. Victoria alter a lew wooks of depression, during which tales were eflectcd at and under £37-have been sold st £88, and we have obulnod at high as £40 for abaros on the London registry. This reaction le to be as- cribed to the current valuo of the stock in tho London market as advised by last mall. " Insurance.-The business of our local companies continues to bo satisfactory in tho highest drgreo ; their revenue Is increasing, and no losses of any account have been made. Tho Australasian will pro- bably show the greatest amount of success for the onrrent halt-rotir, while the others will also be »bio ti present statements which cannot fall to glvo utttfic tlon to tho proprietary. Business in all has been pretty regular, and unsupported by speculation Tho Bales reported hw« been-Australasia, from 47s. to 49s. 6d., closing 43a. buyers, 60s. sellers. Alliance, at 8s. 61. and Di, and scarce. Colonial, at 8s 6d. and 9s. ; holders looking far a rise. Victoria Life and General and Victoria Fire ana Marino are both hold for an investment, and less dealt In than any of the others. " Gas.-Ballarat have sold at £6 IS*, and £6 lOi Od., and close at £618».-£6 16- Bendigo are rather pressed on the market at £312s, and no doubt sellers would concede something to bus, or* ; no transactions have been reported under £8 12s. Castlemaine are held for £210s., no sales. Collingwood are firm at £6 17s. 6d.-£6 ; no transactions of importance to be noted, the tendency of these and the Melbourno Com- pany is decidedly upward ; in both, the amount of stock offered is limited. Geelong would find ready buyers at from £3 16s. to £8163. Od. ; no sellers under £4. Salts of oonBidorable parcels at £3 16a Od. have been completed. Holbourne aro wanted at M, and buyers are disposed to advance; Bellera ask £4 6'.; business dono at SA and £4 Is. 6d. "M-cellaseJus.-Melbourne and Hobson'aBay Ball- way maiuialn their position ;afew transactions havo been done at from £66 to £55 11s. Thoy aro still obtainable at the latter price, although sellers generally ask £66. Bendigo Waterworks, quoted nominally 12s. Od.-17a, 6d, hare attracted very little at ention ; the abundant» of rain this tummcr has had a prejudicial effect on their anticipated revenue, which the rematador of the season will scarcely makeup. Ovons Waterworks Would probably find buyers, but only at nominal rates. Victoria Kaolin, Studley Park Bridge, and Victoria Coal Company, ore almost unsaleable ; bujors offer about 6s. for each. Melbourne and Newcastle Minmi Collery havo been somewhat dopressod, although no transactions have been reported under those prices recently ruling; sellers £4 6s,, and buyers at £4." The National Bank of Australasia held its half-yearly meeting on the 8rd instant. The profits for the half-year were stated at £-6,038, and it was recommended that a dividend nt the rato of eight per cent, per annum Bhould be paid, £6,000 devoted to the payment of preliminary expenses, and £10,000 to tho reserve fund. The ohairman, in his opening speech, congratulated the share- holders, and stated that during the last year tho reiorve fund had risen from £2,000 to £27,000, while £12.000 had been paid off on account of preliminary expenses. He con- cluded by mentioning that, out of GOO share holders on the Victorian register, only 109 of them had accounts at the bank, while, from Not ember, 1860, to November, 1803, the not profit«, after bad and doubtful debts had been written off, amounted to £149,940 IBs. 6d. The report was unanimously adopted, and Mr. Â. Sutherland was elected director, ia the place of Mr. G. Kolfe resigned. Tha Bill of Entry for tho week ending the 15th ioBt. glvcB the imports at the port of Melbourne at the'"acolared value of £167,247, and the exportB at £90,048, the balance being in favour of the former by the sum of £70,599. In the following table the imports and exports bro given weekly for the current year, side by aide with those for tho corresponding weeks of 1862, together with the totals for both periods :-_ Week öuiinK I 186?, _*--. -arch 7 >. U si 21 " 28 April 4 ii H " l8 ,, 25 May 2 .i 0 " 16 " 23 " 80 June 0 " 13 " 20 ss 27 July 4 » H " l8 " 25 Aug. 1 Sept. 6 " 12 " 19 Imports. 143,220 111,276 187,805 265,850 475,621 171,765 267,602 296,069 249,019 195,932 810,912 217,578 208,641 880,229 218,760 121,942 224,402 247,478 95,163 885,170 04,026 241,736 873,830 122,049 187,940 225,849 126,797 197,801 898,788 185,267 461,278 169,734 819,266 207,220 464,046 242,875 147,484 220,210 270,482 289,520 292,005 208,411 803,037 £38,078 251,092 860,428 1883. £ 345,549 170,493 438,710 221,446 410,192 197,444 467,973 818,481 462,733 261,860 162,416 63,872 146,648 223,815 659,079 190,684 153,520 259,782 87,166 127,326 420,618 257,064 167,317 875,811 197,(68 268,488 189,620 241,419 188,101 112,704 472,482 818,013 8t4,!68 09,649 362,886 629,885 801,852 231,255 823,249 298,078 234,178 154,065 78,094 319,663 248,960 107,247 11,570,167 '12,189,318 110.822,812110,650,276 Exports. 1832. £ 94,163 287,784 232,769 428,648 896,848 126,065 221,122 860,731 229,228 129,234 832,922 76,269 809,776 82,800 269,791 218,624 208,671 206,066 108,227 278,679 171,909 256,887 184,870 68,438 64,679 210,269 662,079 210,683 68,071 419,630 181,893 £69,697 45,547 243,431 117,714 88,621 93,784 626,086 270,460 380,212 76,416 79,440 ,486,842 197,010 97,830 491,706 £ 195,490 628,601 102,668 669,126 117,738 106,066 142,226 233,456 498,104 117,814 180,128 £89,817 314,052 88,782 168,780 304,005 851,427 118,086 98,428 495,170 101,242 79,608 293,606 «5,017 677,740 277,868 204,142 167,012 883,046 277,981 65,088 87,206 226,086 818,048 148,962 197,686 187,607 487,027 88,666 151,329 167,018 876,960 75,060 145,983 90,048 In the first period, the account stood thus r Imports .£11,570,167 Exports .10,322,812 Balance of imports over exports In the second period : Imports . Exporta .. .. ., £1,247,315 . £12,189,818 . 10,650,276 Balance of imports over exports .. £1,689,048 We have noticed the condition of the Im port markets more fully In another column. After a spring of unwonted severity, the wool reason has at length commenced in earnest. Up to the present tim*-, between 11,000 and 12,000 bales have been brought to the hammer iu Melbourne. Several Tóasela have cleared out during the past month, taking with them an aggregate ot nearly 13,000 balea, and there are two or three fine vesfela on the berth which are loading rapidly. They will have got away so as to airlvo in time for the February Bales. Tho prices which have been realised hero during the present season, so far as it has gone, are very favourable to producers ; and judging both from the result of the ship- ments of last season's clip, and the prices now ruliDg here, it will bo apparently to the advantage of growers to Bell their wool in this market rather than t-hip home on their own account. It is evident that buyers are again this season giving fall ratea, and leaving but little margin for the grower to ship. It may be therefore expected that large lots of wool will be offered at the public sales in this market, which will be resumed next week. ' The following is a statement of the stocks of all dutiable articles in bond at Mel- bourne, on the 20th inst. :-Brandy, 6,067 hhda. 90,793 COMA; rum, 932» hhds. 1,132 cases ; geneva, 12 hhds., 121¿£>8 red caaes, 5,028 green cases; whiskey, 806 hhds. 15,882 cases; old toro, 122 hhda. 5,547 ejasea ; cordials, 1,408 cases; spirits of wine; 181 ¿ hhds. ; other spirits. 109J hhda. 6.83a cases : wine, 5.239J hhdB. 14,518 cases ; beer, 6,913 hhds. 9,059 cases and casks ; tobacco (manu> fnctured), _"3 half-tierces, 249 quarter tierces, 211 keg;, 5,982 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 2,200 cases-total, 1,148.987 lb. ; do. (un- manufactured), 1S9 hhds. and cask*, 2 cases, 1,791 bales and bundles : total 236,143 lb. ; cigars, 765 casts; total, 68,886 lb.; snuff, 47 packages : tea, 16,165 cheeta, 16,907 half cheste, 12,950 boxes ; coffee, 497 boga, 263 casks, 319 barrels: total, 302,7701b ; sugar (Mauritius), 47.233 boga, do. (Manilla), 4,144 bags, do other, 96,703 bags, 241 casks ; molasses, 37 hhds.; chicory, 247 packages; opium, 9chests, 71 packages : total, 4,670 lb : dried fruits, 6,815packages; hopa, 659 pockets, 25 bales; rice, 15,185 bags, 7 bárrela; mall, 3,268 baga; colonial spirits, 1,653 hhds. Since the departure of the last mail for England, the following solea of station pro- perties have been effected :-A sheep run on tho Murray, Victorian side, and also one on the Billabong, New South M'aies, have changed hands. The Gannawarra and Fine bills, on the Murray, at tho junction of the Loddon, together with 20,300 sheep, 8,690 lambs, 3,945 cattle, 1.010 acres freehold land, and thia year's'clip of wool, price, £51,000, to Mr. B. Kochford, of Adelaide. Terms £20,000 cash, remainder at usual terms. The CoUindina Station, on the Murray, with 1,500 head of cattle, &c;, for £9,000. Also the Mount ITPhereon runs on the Darling-the price of the latter not reported. The Peak Downs Station, formerly occupied by Mr. Stewart, has been purchased by Messrs. Gibbí, Ronald, and Co., of Melbourne, for the snm of £45,000. There are 22,000 sheep on the sta- tion. Also tho South Brighton Station, on the Wimmera, the property of Sir Monckton Synnot, to Mr. John Quarter mun, of Glen- mona, on account of Mesara. Holmes, White, and Co., for the sum of £43,18210a-, being nt the rate of 27s. per head. Tho following is a statement of the trafilo returns of the Victorian Government linea of railway, of the Melbourne and Hobson 'a Bay Railway, and of the Melbourne Company a line (late the Melbourne and Suburban line), for the month of October : government Unes Melbourne oriel Booaon s Bay Molbourno Co.'fl. Pas- t iler sengers. j chandlso. £ s. d.1 & et. d. 17,34012 4 24,8421410 3,534 0 8 2,851 0 6 8,622 0 O' - s.d. 12,283 7 2 6,886 1 1 3,022 6 0 The half-yearly general meeting of the Melbourne and Hobsons Bay Ballway Com- pany will be held in the first week of Decem- ber, when the following roport and balance sheet will be submitted by the directors to the proprietary : " rho directors, In submitting to the proprietary a st at omeo t ol the affaira of the company for tbe lus six months, tuvo again the pleuuro of congratulating them on the traffio receipts of tha Sandridge and St. Kilda lines presenting such satisfactory result', showing, at Uley do, independent cf four and one hftlX month«' traffic from the Brighton Uno, which was includod In tbe o irrespondlng period cf last year, an lacrean amounting to very nearly the re- ceipts of the combined traffic ol that half-year. "During ihe greater portion of trie last «li months, tho company's pier hw been fully occupied by vástela, Including «no largest ships which enter the bay, and on more than one occasion during that period it bas been a source of rogret to your directors that they havo been unable to find room for all tho applications for berths. It Is a frequent cccurenco that, after a continuance of oontrary wind», a largs number of vessels arrive in tbe bay almost simulta- neous!;, thus ronderinc; it impossible to proud« the necessary accommodation at tbo pier without entailing much losa of time in walting for berths, to which both captain» and consignees demur, leading occaslonslly to vessels bilng taken elsewhere to dit charge their cargoes, to the loss of the comptny on the one band, and much disappointment to ctptalnB and consignees on the other ; to obviate which in future, as far as possible, y .,ur directors bave im lied and received ten- ders for the further extension of the pier ; tba accep- tance, howevtr, if any tender his not yet been de- cided upon. " That portion of the pier or gltmlly constructed on snnken ships, and referred to in the close if your direc- tora' last repoit as about ti undergo renovatkr, will shortly bo completed and madoequal fn strength and durability to any oiher portion or the pier. rho coal traffio is also increasing at tbe pier considerably, and a further »tension of that traffic may bo fairly anti- cipated; while, fiom tbo recent arrangements made for the reception of wool at tbe now sheds at Sand- ridge, for shipment at the company's pier, a much larger quantity of that important ariiola of expect will doubtless be forwarded by tbo Sandridge lino than heretofore. " Your directors having found that the company was not receiving thatamount of traffic from Emerald hill which the extent of Its population would lead them to expect, reaelved, although not urged to do so by the resident*, to make tn exponmeutal reduc- tion of fares for the distanco between Holbourne and Emerald-bill. During tbo brief period these reduced fares have been in operation the roi ulta haï e been quito BatiJactoiy, a considerable increase In tbo number of pa'sengers, and au improvement upjnthe former revenue, having taken place. " It having been found impossible to ensure tho observance of proper caution in Ihe caw of persons using the foot-crossings over tbe uno In connexion with the terries ou tho Yarra and Einerald-hiP, In consequence of which several accidenta happened, some of which were attendod with fatal results, the directors rosolved to put an end to the permission given by them to the public to erosi the line in the B&mo; way as heretofore, substituting, however, an accommodation which could be used wlih safoly. Your directors havo caused to be orected a substantial foot, bridge Of er the line, which absorbs the trafilo of two if these ferries, while tbe other ferryman hu obtained permission from your directors to make uso of tho culvert below the raliway for the passengers crossing the river from Market-itreot and its vicinity. " The bill introduced into the Legislature by the Municipal Council of Emerald bill, to amend the Com- pany's Act of Incorporation, which at the date of the last half-yearly meeting of shareholders waa bofore tho Legislative Council, was rejected by a considerable majority. *'SInco the last half-yearly meeting of shareholder», an act for tbe management ol railways has passed the Legislature. The bill was originally intended to apply to the Government railways only, but its pro- visions were, in the Legislative Connell, extended to all railways ia the colony, and Baverai amendments were there effected, which will facilitate vary greatly the enforcement of regulations abso utely essential to the pioper working of lines of rilli ay. " Tho Debenture Bonds of tho company, amount- ing lo tho sum of £10,300, which were due and pajablo ou tho 1st day of July last, have all been paid in duo course, and It remains for the shareholders who may bo present at the ensuing general half-yearly meeting to authorise the directors to re-borrow that amount upon debentures, at Buch rate of interest and for such porlod us they may docm expedient. The share- holders who may bo prêtent at that meeting will also be invited to express their opinion of 'he desirability or othorwtio of placing some lhnlt upon the transfer of the company's stock lo the London register. " The traffic receipts for the past six months show a gross profit, after the deduction of Interest on deben- tures and payment of working expenses, of the Bum of £10,250 11s 4d. Thia amount Is mere than equiia lent to OJ per cent, per annus on the capital stock of the company, and hod the weathor not boen BJ Tory unpropltloua for travelling and soa-bathing during the last month of the ha'fyear, a dividend at tbo rate of 10 per coot, could esiily havo bees de- clared. The dlroctors, therefore, recommend that a dividend at tho rate of 9 per cent, per annum be de- clared, leaving a balance of £1,250 Ila. id. " A statement of the reserve fond account for tbo last lix months is appended to tho financial state- ment. " The engineer reporta that the whole of the per- manent way Is In excellent working order, and that the locomotives and other rolling stock of tbe com- pany aro always kept In the highest state of effi- ciency." BIÀTIMEST Or CaPITAIi ACCOlWT, AT 81ST OCTOBBB, 1863. REcnrTS. Original capital, £200,000, In £60 ?bares.£200,000 0 0 Additional do, £60,000, indo. 60,000 0 0 Do. do., £150,000, in do.150,000 0 0 Debenture bonds, £100,000, each£10t).. 1X0,000 0 0 Transfer foos . 25 7 8 Interest on arrears of calls .. .. 390 7 6 . £600,415 14 6 KXPHXEiroRE. Amount oxpendod, as per statement for last halt-year, ending 80th April. 1863 .£SS3,067 8 8 Advertising, printing, and stationery, to 81st Octo- ber, 1803 .£7 l8 6 Works account, do.. .,1,207 17 8 Rolling stock, do. .. .. 2,510 12 1 \- 8.8S2 710 ¿"s87,7W16 6 ST. KaiiABajLKca EXFHKDmrKB Amount expended, as par statement for list half-year, ending 80.h AprlL lm .. ,.£113,885 i, o STATEMmi OF HSIERTB Furn ACOOUKT! ~~ To new wheel »1res to locomotives .. £118 t c Todo, torarriígos. 109 n a To now siding at Melbourne Biatlon .. s o ? Torepalrito plor. ingi \ % To additions and repairs to Cnstoms ofilce_ In goods shed', _c. £38 7 o To law charges and stationery, Bill to amend tho S8ih Clause of the Act cf Incorporation. 100 14 1 Tobalance. 20,123 8 ¿ ? £51,418 11 "i April 80,1863. ~~~ By bilanoo .£29,108 19 8 By balance of revonuo.1.303 is io Bylntereat. 91118 10 £31,419 11 i Oct. 81,1803. ~ Byb-anco.£29,128 8 11 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRIDES CURRENT. The Argus Offioo, Tuesday Evening. Notwithstanding the advanced season cf the year tho weather has throughout tho past month been oí tho most variable and treacherous naluro, frequently so much so at to put a temporary stop to business operations, and although during tho last few dayi changes have been lets frequent and lees startling it Is impossible to p,edict the weather for a ray to o&mo.; Jue' tenor of advices por Northern appear» to bo generally satisfactory to importers. The warlike Items from America and Europo have In some measure Influenced h oidor«, nnd the intelligence of eoivi-uod reduction In the extent ol shipments made to this and other Australian ports, i"s imparted a Armor foollrg. The improved condition of the reads in tho inland dlstrlots, aud the reduced waters In the oreoks, have enabled tho wool-laden drajs to reach the ' c'tyandth»r»ilway termini, and thenosded ration «np plies to go buk by them to the various ita'iona havo »used a better slomapd (or goods, whilstcouttry dealers I who, during tfieprptraatcd «inter, iiavsspurobastd most sparingly, are entering the markets for tho purchase of supplies for the|r manner trado. Willi regard to the decline In the extent of shipment«, It must be borne la nilcd that the exports clearod for Australian from British ports, oven reduced a« thoy havo t coo ara stlU In exojla, and hare to bo added to already accumulated stocks. Business, howei cr, is generally In a healthyrttve, and with settled woa-hor, auct , tlie Increased trade expected with Auckland (owing to the large Increase In the military population thero) a tolerably brisk summer trade Is k oked for. With theto remarks on tho present cendltion a-.,l prospects of thsjiinport market, wepr.ceed to moro detailed par Montara of the clilcf articles of general consump ion. Balkr »los have been iu rather moro activity, holders svtrmitting to reduction in prioeo to leduco salot In parcels. Trade demand has, however, boen quiet. > Bottled alos, of really good quality, aro ol fair sale ; but a considerable portion of tho supply In the market is of inferior quality, and very difficult of sale, even at low prices. Bulk and bottled stoat aro In quiet demand, at steady prices. Stocks well eupp.iol. Quotations are-Ale (duly paid )-New Brewery Co., Curllclj, £j 10s. ; Bass's now No. 3, £6 10a. tri CHUt. ; Allsopp'«, £0 (Ja. ; other Burton brewers', £6 per lind. ; Joule's, £710s. per hhd. ; Tennent'», £610s. ; Byass'« bottled, 0s. Gd. ; London and Colonial Co.'s, 9s. ; Allsopp's, 9s. ; other bottlers', 8s. Cd. to 8s, BJ. Stout.-Best brands, £6 12s. 01 to £6 16s. ; otbor brewers', £6 Sir hhd.; Dublin stout, bottled, O', to 8c Gd.; yaua'«, SB. Od. to BJ. ; London and Colonial Com- pany's, 9s. J Barclay's, bottled by Friend, quarts, 9s. ad. ; other bottlers', 7s. 6d, to 8s. Gd. per dozen. Bacon and Ham«.-Iho homo trade has been modo ratoly active, but prices have been sustained by tho large parcels purchased chiefly for the New Zealand markets, for tho supply of which a laige demand is anticipated during the summer mouths. Bacjn just at prosent is somewhat scarce, and arriving parcels will find ready buyers. Quotations are as fol'ow -- Yorkahire or Wiltshire hams, lSd.: Irish (Sinclair's), 14Jd. ; Coey's, 14).; Rowan's, belies (bacon), 13d.: Sinclair's, HJd.; Wsring's, 12Jd. ; and Moffalt'a, 12d. per lb. Bags and Sacks.-Since the arrival of the mail, prices have continued to improve. Stocks of threo bushel sacks are not heavy, and with the prospeot of a large harvoat, demand Is ori-k and prices very firm. Woolpacks alio aro light in stock, and in demand. Good hoary packs arriving would realise our quota- tions. Prices role as fellow:-Ibreebushel corn sacks, 17a. to 17«. Od. per dozen ; full-weight wool- packs, 6s. each ; gunnies, 8s. to 8s. Od. per dozen. Buttor has been operated cn to a largo extent for export, and prises consequently advanced until lid. per lb. waa reached. Since tho airivalof EoRliah ad- vices by tho mall, ooupUd with still leo eating sup- plies of fresh made, prices have beoirne easier, and not above 10Jd. per lb. Is obtainable f, r new landed parcels. Candles were showing something like a tendency towards improvement, but heavy parcels of old stocks having been thrown forward by auotlon without re sorvo, bas supplied the trade at lower rates, and for a while v< ill keep priciB down. Tho agents fur i ho Nova Works havo reduced their selling price to lid., and to-day by auctlonPiice'sBslmonuworeplacedatloid. por lb. Comont remains very quiet ; the tisdo purchase Portland at l61. ; Roman Is dlUlcultof silo ; American plaater saloableat 16i. 6d., although holders aro mostly asking higher rates. Cheese of good quality and oondition meets a fair silo at steady pilcos. Best sorts of English, UM. to 12Jd. ; Gouda. 81. toOd. perlb. chicory is in improved demand, and the moderato shipments have rendered prices firmer ; holden ask- ing 4d. per lb. In bond. Coffoe, although in no considerable inquiry, is firmer Bince the arrival of tho mall with advices of no ship- ments coming forward. Quotations aro :->Ceylon (plantation), lid. to ll¿d. per lb.; nstlve, 9}d. to lOd.; Java, lOJd. to lOJd. ; and ¿lanilla, Cd. toiled, per Ib., ia bund. Confectionery, in small woll-astoricd parcels, i j ¡a fair trade demand, but at unaltered prices, the quan- tities of local make checkley tho value of Imported sorts, which bring lOJd. to lid. per lb. Candied peel, la more inquiry as Christmas approaches, 12d. to 13d. per lb. Cordage.-Manilla, assorted, is still saleable in small parcels, other kinds In very moderate demand. Good seaming twine is still scarce, and la inquiry. Quota- tions are -.-Europo rope, £35 ; Manilla (lm. to stin.l, £47 ; Russian, £87 to £40 ; Calcutta lines, £43 to £14 per ton ; twine, Beaming and roping, Hld. por lb. Canvas.-Navy, assorted numbers, 12Jd. to 13d. per yard. Market quiet, and sales of small extent. Drugs, Chemicals, &c.-Thero; Is but little altera- tion, and no Improvement, to note in these articles'. Tho watchfulness of tho Cu» toms cfliceri, In prevent inprthe further smuggling of opium, has at length had it* effect on prices, and prepared hu advanced to 31s. 6d. percinUter. Patna Is quoted it £260 per cheat, but the light etock renders the pilco almost 11 minai. In other articles, excepting toda crystals (which Is in moderate inquiry), there la scarcely any demand, and prices aro nominal. Soda ash is un- saleable. Quotation« aro gi von aef,How :-Flour of sulphur, 17s. Od to 18s. per cwt, ; carbonato of soda, l8*, per cwt. ; soda cry utah, £816s. ; caustic soda, £18 ; soda ash, £10 ; sulphuric acid, 4d per lb. ; opium, Patna, £250 per chest; propped, 31s. 64. por canUtcr, duty paid. Fish, Dried and Salted.-The market remains vory quiet, and sales in small parcels only can ba effected. Prices are-Ling, of prime quality, 5d. to 61d. ; her- rings, white, 9s. to 9B. 6d per Brain, 26s. por hllf bariel; red, 30s, Od. to 31a. per doren, two-dozon tins. .Flour and Grain.-Flour has been of (steady ralo, with but little tondency to variation in price. Holders are still firm, in expectation if higher prices ruliug between the presontand the g<ttlni;-ln ol the harvest. Some feeling of uncertainty, however, prevails ns to what supples may bo coming from California, but the luipres-oa seems to be that no Bufiicioot quantity of Hour Is likely to arrive from that quarter to depress prices In this maiket. Wheat Is scarce, and good samples In Inquiry at 6s. Od. to 6s. 0). for Victorian grown. Barloy is lois active, and good malting samples cannot be quoted at abovo 4s. Gd- to 6s. per bushel. Colonial-grown oat« are acareo, and much wanted, and as high os Os. 3d. per bushel wai procured on Satur- day last for a considerable parcel Gocd Danish have been placed at 4s. lOd. Tbo proeposts for nrxt sea- son aro hardly so favourable, lnwever, as the past has boon. Shipments from the home markets appear to have been resumed, and tho ground hld down in this grain in Tasmania is reputed tobo greatly in excess of that undor similar cultivation during soveral youri post. Maine has come forward in largo parcels, but owing to tho prices of oats, has found ready sale. Gram out of first hands, but quoted as worth £12 per tin. Bran continues in but limited supply, and prices steady. Quotations are asf illow : -Flour, per 2,0001b.-Tasma- nian, £13 per ton; Victorian, country and town mado, £13 10s. to £14; Adelaide, £14 ; Magarey'» and Hart's Adelaide, £1410s. Wheat, por OOlb.-Oolonlal, fis. 6d, to 6s. Od. ; Adelaide, 6s. to 6s. 8d. ; Californian, 6s. 9d. to 6s. Oats, per 401b.-Irlah and Scotch, 4>. Bd. ; colonial, 6». to 6a. 8d. ; Danish, 4«. lOd. Barloy, por 601b.-Caps and Californian, 4s. 3d. to 4s. 6d. ; foeding, 3!. lOd. to 4s. ; malting, 4s. Od. to Es. Malte, gar 501b., 4s. Id. to 4a. Od. Gram, per ton, £12. ran, per 201b., Is. Cd. to Is. 7d, Oatmeal, per ton Bcotch, £23 to £24 ; colonial, £80. Dried Fruits.-Holders of currants havo advanced their price», in anticipation of the Christmas demand, and are seeking for 6d. per Ib., dnty paid. Raisins havo also improved in valuo ; by auction, Eleme haie brought 7d. and Sultana 71d. per lb, duty pa'd. In other eorts thero are no changes, and with the rapidly maturing of our fresh fruits, no further improvement is likely to ensuo. Quotations are ¡-Currant«, In barrell, 6d. ; Muscatel raWnB (layers), 6W. to «d. ; Cape raisins, 7d.; Eleme, 7d; Sultana, 7Jd.; Turkey figs, Od. per lb., duty paul. Hops remain duli of aale, slocks are conalderamo, and no Indication exists of early amended prices ; whilst old growth are barely salosblo even at low figures. 1802's havo been placed tc-day by auotlon at Is. 2d. por lb., duty paid, but holders generally are looking for better rates. Malt.-Thero has been a fair extent of transactions, with hut little fluctuation in prices. Good samples of English make, newly landed, have bien placed at from 8s. 8d. to 8a 6d. por bushel, duty paid, which is still the current rate. . " ... Metala.-The markot has continued generally quiet. Second brands of corrugated Iron aro lu Inquiry. u»r and rod Iron held for fiigbor ratos. Ztoo dull of sale. Quotations rule as under :-Horewood'a patent corru- gated galvanised tinned, 24 and 20 g¿uges, £35 per ton ; Moretvood's corrugated galranlied. No. 4 or untlnned, £34 do. ; Tupper's do., ¿84 do. ; Bum ton's or other English maker's, -Si do. ¡Scotch, £29 do. ; Morewood's galvanised tinned plain, .0 and 28 gauges, £86 do. ; Tupper's or other Engiu,n maker's, £34 lo £30 do. : Sootoh do., £20 to £80 do., rod and bar, best Staffordshire brands, BBH, Al- da, Scotch, £0 do. ; plate, £13 do. j, 'J»««'.": sorted, £14 to £15 do. ; anglo arid T, £13 do,,, hoop, £12do.; pig, £3 10-do.; Swedleh, no sales. Leai- Plpo, assorted alees, £27 por ton ; slice , milled, «stoned, £20 do. ; shot, astorttd, £80. bMi -Eli'«, £2 5s. per cwt ; cast, £2 10s. do. Tin mock Is, 6J to 1«. Od. per lb. ; plates, ebarooal, IO, Élites! Ci ireoal, IX, 1711} £0 per cent, advanoo. Wire -Fenclnr, black, £14 per t lloO £18to£20d). ¡Che-Rolled, light, £30,per ton : elo, n^l», £2 8s. to £210s. per cwt. Oil« I'lih'ts, «Se-With the '.oxecption of Chlneao and co'zi "Ils, the market li very dull, and prices have atendenc> downwards. The former ia v,ry source, and held fjr from 5s. Od. to St, Od.-per ga'lon. Points tun very dull of mle Quotations are-kerosono,ol best brands, 3H. to 3*. 3d ; llnsoed, fis. Sel. t3 6s. Od. ; Chitteie, 6». Od. ; cohn, 0). ', turpentine, 15k per gillon ; whitelead, best, 35s. to 80s. ; roi lead, 24s. lo 2fs. por e *t. Oilmen'.! atoros aro genorally well supplied, and in fslr inquiry, with the oxcepllon of bottled fruits and lib. j»ns in tins tho fjrmer more especially, for which f ohtslnod. Spring fruits are, howevor, «ming to mukot pleutlfully, and at moderato prices ; and as other sorts will quickly folio», the prceentratee ruling for bottled ure unUkely to be long supportai. QuolsllonB ure :-Blue, ibumb, Od. per lb. ; curry powder, quart«, 18s, to lil. per dozen ; fruits bottled, quart!, lis. do. ; jams and 'eldee, lib. tliu, 10a. W do. : lobsters, lib. lins, American, 7B. do. ; macaroni, Ed. per lb. ; vermicelli, white, Naples and Ocnoi, 8Jd. do. ; mustard, in bulk, Ko. 2,8d. do. ; do., in Uli- h ,itloa, 12s. per dozen ; do., in jib. bottles, 7». (id. do ; oyster«, preserved, lib. tlnfl, 11s. per dozen; do, 21b. tins, IBs. do. ; pickles, pints, 8«. do,; salid oil, pints, 121 per dozen ; do., hilf plnte, 6s. 6J. to 7s. do. ; salmon, preserved, lib. tins, 17s. do. ; sardines, halves, Da Od. do. ; quirtor», 8s. Dd. do. ; mu CUB, assorted, half-pints, Os. do ; do., YVbrcosterahlro (Lea and Perrina"), 13s. do. ; starch (Colman'b), 6d. per lb. ; vinegar, brown (Champion's 21) 2s. to -3. 3d. pot gallon; do., concentrated, quit», 0e. GJ. to 10s. perdoaen ; white wine, Is. Od. to Is. 01. P" gallon. Quicksilver.-The markot has been voryqulot, and prices remain unimproved, ruling still at from Is. Od. to 1». 10d. pur lb. Hl:c.-The Calcutta advices of light shlpmonts havo t'lonsthoncd tho narkot, and huldora of Patnaharo advuftd tho prioo to £25 por toD, duty paid. J.vn, ii ros« J tal Id sorts hu been placed by auct'oa at from £20 15s to £27 2s. id. perton, also cuty paid. bal;.-The stocks ace very heavy, and domand dull, prices arc q Jotcd nominally at £6 per ton f.rflno, and £3 per ton for coarse. gistes CJminue dull of salo. Quotations aro is follow*:-Du liessoi,"£16 to£16 10s. ; countesses, £12 to £18 ; tadiei, £5 lUs. to £0 10s. per 1,000. Spirits.-Tho markot has a downward tendency, gtocks are very heavy. Brandies, with the prospect of a large vintage and lower prices at Cognac, aro difficult of fa o at quotations. Sales of ODO or two b-andi, inquiuttty, aroroportod, at prices consider- ably under quotations. Rum hat beon In demand for shipmont, but prices sra unimproved. Wal-key and o'dtomroruuio. In light rcquost. Gonev- icsntlnues to anholn large quantities, increasing the a'ready ex- ceed! o stocks iu bond, Th) largo consumption, how- ever, steadies prices, which have undergone but little chanjc, despico heavy lupp'.lOB. Quotations are : Spirits (In hoad) - Brandy - Marten's, dsrk, 9a. 01 j pile, 30s. 3d. per gallon ; Honnoisy's do , CM. BJ. ! pate, lot. 31. per gallon ; Otnrd'B, Os. do. ; United Vinoyard Proprietors' Compinj's do, 8J. 9J. ; Cliaiipaguo Vinoyard Proprie tore.' Company's do, 8«. 6d. ; pile, CK ; VIuo¿rowers', 8s. 0J. do ; Leger Fromes', 8s di. ; other brands, do, 5s. to 8s. do.; P'lo. Ilannessj'ii, 28'. per dozsa case; do., United Vi-oy»rd Proprietor»', 25s. do. ; Vlnogrowers', 25s. do. ; Champagne Vinoyard Proprietors' Com pattyV, «6«. do ; Loger Frores', 24s. to 25s. elo. ; Ciouz'au'n, 23s to 21s. do. Geneva-JDKZ, or key brand, lus. per case ; do., do , 0«. Cd to 7s, por half cisi; do., other brand», 8s. Od. to De. per case. Gin-London uld tom, best brands, 3s. per galton ; do, elo, 12s Od. por dozen. Kum-East India, 20 to 30 o p, la. ed. to 24. Sd. per gallen ; Won India, 10 to 12 o.p., 2s. 7d. to 2s. Od. do. ; de., Í0 to 80 op, 8J. lid. do. Whiskey-Irish, Mebnn'i, 3s. fid. dei. ; Scotch, best, SJ. Od do. ; do., best brande, 12s. Cd per dozen cate. Eurar.-The improvement mentioned In our last monthly re; ort cu having set In, has boen ste.di,y supported, ara sales of largo pareóla have continued to be madi at advancing rates, buyers becoming aware of ino firm position aseurced by importers. Uto doiuand for rali' n kinds has boen lory brisk for Station Bupp io«, and snnio huidors havo withdraw n tli'so iona from tho market for the pro-en'.. By auoilon, to-day, 7,000 big* Maurltiui were sold at full prices Middling white crystals hr^ujht £33 ; Ion to mt dllng crretals, £33 to £31 ; good counter sorti, £52 151. ; and low do., £28 153. to £20 2s. Gd. p.rton, Xoi-Messrs. J. Everard and Co. furniih tho an noicd report :-" Tho arrivals at this port from Ohlua bave b cn numeralla, IncIuJiug tho Zephyrus, 2nd ; Charlotte, 8ili; Caroline, 10th; Keepsake, lOih ; Meander, 23rd Novomher, from fuo-chow; the Miranda, on the 0th November, from Macao. Toe Armistice arrived at Sydney on tbo 6til November, and tho Thomas Brown at Adelaide on the 27th Oc- tober, fn m Foo-chow. Ino amount of buslnois trans ac'.cd privaW-ty ihroughonttho in nilli has been large, al I ner rates, tho quantity arriving havlrg been on an extonsivo «calo, uame'y, al Molbourno, l,8J3,61ilb ; Adelaide, 831,1001b.; and Sydioy, 310,5501b.; tho bulk, Inweve-, has boen common to gool common colgon, tho quantity of fire b-lag exceedingly limited ; notwithstanding this, tho price obtained for fine K«itow woo under our quotations, but tho greater port'ou, we understand, has boan rnjold at about our quoted rates for finest, lllick T-a-.-Congou hu beon dealt In Iirgely, tho t.wiiilva ar ivalt lining contributol conalJcmb'o cbo'ca to purchasers. Ino great bulk of the sales, honover, liavj b'en low tayehan«! to good common, rotgitg from Is. Cjd. to 1B. 3d., tho sale being at a declino ou rites previously ruling. In botter class cmgcu-, the busiiiois has been mpdora e, at farmer pile«; in soma Instances mire monoy has boen ob tilnod. The great difference In the qua'lty of tho lm portatlouB this year as compared willi last mult m ke the bulk cf tho to» rom lining ov«r from last season tiltiMo. Scented orange pekooi have beon sold at »tes ranging from Is. 01. to 2s. 2d. por lb. Oreen Tea».-No change. Compared with last month, wa find a declino of {I. to Id. per lb. on low congous ; old Muck loaf strongcongouBarenshadedearcr; o-.-xsa of congou, aro Id. to 2d. chcapor, »peelally of the lower deicriptions. In other kluds, thero Is no chang«. In Binti.-Congou : Very ordinary low, broken, Is. Id. to It lfi. ; ordinary coarse, Is. ljd. to 1B. 2i I. ; good ordinary coarse, Is. Sid. to 1B. 3d. ; but middling, rnlbcr coarse and rathor strong, Is. 3d. to Is. 4d. ; hut middling, rathor strong, witb flavour, Is 4Jd. to la. 6d.; but middling blackish loaf, le 01. tolfl. OJd. ; but middling blackish leal, strong, is 7JI. to is. Od. ; but mlddltug black leaf", s rang with flavour, Is. Od. to Is Ud ; but middling pakoe, and pokoosouchong fluour, Is. llid. to 2s. 2d. ; middling, black leaf, strong and full flavoury Oopack, Honing, or Kalsow, 2s. 3d. to 2s. Od. ; Taj Binn kinds. Is to 1B. 8d. Half chests about tho samo value ; boxes, le 3d. to 2s. ed. Bouchong, common to fine, none in market ; poucaong, ordinary to fino, none in msrkot : Ojloncr, good to flue, none m ma kst ; scented capor, ordinary to fino a-ented, none in market; Booaled orange pekoe, but mlddll'jg to go id middling strong scented. Is 8d. to 2s, 61 ; flowery pekoe, common, nono in market; hjsonsklo, Canton, 7d. to 101. ; do., truo common to line, 10Jd. to la. Cd. ; twankiy and li) son, common to good, none in market. Tho quotation for boxes and hill chests of the following aro cheaper:-Young hyion, Canton, 84. to Is. 2d., nominal ; do., country kinds, Is. 6d. to 2s 3d. ; imperial. Canton and cou ti try Mods, none in mark» ; gunpowder, Canton, Is. to Is. lOd. ; do., country kinds, 2s. to Ss Our quota- tions are at per lb., in bond Duty on all descriptions ol t-a in "Victoria, Od per lb." The timber tindo has boon inactivo, and prices havo undergone, but Ilttlo variation. Tho latcit transac- tions of any amount havo boen by auction, tho prices roalirod being as under :-Doals, spruce, 0x3,813-lGd. to 4d. por foot ; clear pino, lia., £12 6j. to £14 ; pine boards, £9 ; pine shelving, £9 12s. öd ; spruce floor- ing, Jin. and Un , 10i. to 10] Od. ; shelving, at £10 to £10 6i. per l.OOOCe. ; T. and O. white pine lumber, at £9 2s. Od. to £0 Si. por 1,000ft. Tobicoo, which had fallon into less active inquiry, his quito rocovered its hold in public estimation, and transactions to ccmiderablo extent bavo boen effected, at prices fully sustaining late quota- tions, with, in some instance«, a further advance. Tho bulk of tbo supply of aromatic Is reported to hato been bmght up, at full prices. By auction last week, 276 packagoa tobaccos wero placed at following rates ¡-Pounds, 3 a, 4d. to 4i. 2d.; fives, 3<. Od. to Ss, 7d. ; twist, 3». 0 J. to Bl. Cd. ; tens, Is. 6d to Is. Cd. Wines continue largo'y ovoratoclted and dull of sslp, prices varying to so groat an extant as to presludc accurato quotations. The first of a aoriea el public talcs of Australian wines, and which attracted a large attendance, was held a fow days Binco. Of tho Victorian wines (free of duty), chas islas realized 4s. to 4«, Od. per gallon ; gouais, 5". 3d. to 6s. 01. ; tokay, 7fl. ; pineau blanc, 7a. ; hormltage, 7s. ; burgundy, 6s. 6d. MELBOURNE MAEKETS. TUKBDAT, NOT. 24. Biran HARKBTS.-Butchers* Meat.-Beef, 4d. to al. per lb. ; mutton, 8}d. to6id. do. ; veal, 7d. to 8d. do. pork, 8Jd. to Si. do. Porüfay.-Turkeys, 12s. to 16s. euh; geese, 14s. to 10s. per pair; ducks, 7s. 6d. to 8a. do.; fowls. Gi. 6d. to 7s. do.; rabbits, 8s. to4s. per braoe; batter, boah, lid. to li. Id. per lb.; eggs, 2s. to Is. 4d. per dozen; broad, 7d. to Sd. the alb. oil ; milk, 64 to 7d- per quart HAY MAIIKBT -The supply of old hay Is dally de- creasing, and the quantity cornice; forward meeta a read; sale at former rates. Kew is still of an inferior description, although tho arrivais are more numerous. Fine samples aro quitted freely, but the bulk obtains veryjow prices. B'raw easier. Quotations aro-Best hay, £6 10s. to £7 ; inferior and second, £t to £6 ; straw, £3 10s. to £4. EASTERN MARKET.-The markot was well supplied on Baturday murning. Vegetables were more abundant than of late, cabbages, cauliflowers, peas, and potatoes, being all plentiful and cheaper. In fruit there was a fair supply and good demand. Butter and eggs were both Armor than last week. The following were the prices realized :-Vegetables.-Asparagus, Is to 2s. (3d. per 100; beans, broad, Id. per lb. ; beet, Is. por dozen ; bouquets, 2s. to 10s. per dozen ; cabbagos, 2s to 4a. per dozen; carrots, 9d. to Is. Cd,_per dozen bunches; cauliflower«, 2s. to 6s. por dozen ; watercress, Od. to la. per doran bunches ; cuoumbors, long spine, 4s. per brace ; horseradish, Sa. to 6s. per dozen sticks; leek, Od. to Is.,per dozen" bunohoa ; lettuoe, Dd, to 1B. per dozen ; marjoram, 8d. per dozen bunches ; mint, Is. per dozen buncbes ; onions (green), ed. to Is. 3d. per dozen bunches; parsley, 6± to 9d. por dozen bunches ; parsnips, Is. 3d. to 2s. por dozen bunches ; peas, Id. to 2d. per lo. S potatoes, 0». Od. to 7s. per cwt. J do., new, Ms. to 14J. por owt, ; radish, 4eL te 6d. per dotan bunches; rhubarb, Is. to 6s. per dozen bunches; sage, la. per dozen bunches; thyme, Dd. per dozen bunches; turnips, le. to Is. Gd. per dozen bunches. Fruits.-Cherries, Del to Is. 4eh per lb. ; gooseberries, op. to 7d. per quart ; loquat», (id. per lb. ; atrawber rios, 1B. to lj. 6d. per lb. Dalry Produce.-But- ter, lOd, to Is. per lb.; cheese, Od. to lOd. per lb. ; ducks, 6s. Od. to 6s. per pair; oggs. Is. 8d. per dozen; geese, 8s. to 10s. per pair; bens, 4s. od. to 6s. ed. per pair ; honey, li p°r ">. '> pigeons, 2a to 2s. ed. per pair ; pork, 8d. per lb. ; rabbits, 2a. to Oi. per pair; sucking pigs, 10s. to lia. each; turkeys, ISs. to 85s. per pair? WOOL, TALLOW, AND HIDHS -Mosirs. U. Golds brough and O. report :-" Wool-Wo havo the pleasure of reporting the commencement of active opérations in the wool market, a total or 13,416 balos having been submitted to public competition sines tho departure of the list mall - The first sale was held at onr ' warehouses on ' Wedneaiay, thi' 4th of November," when 615 baloa of unwished wore brought forward, wl'h a view of testing the market, preparatory to offsrlnj a larger quan- tity. The result was aatls'aotory to growers, and from that date to the present prices have b sustained, a total of 6,250 bales basing changed lands at the following raitt, sty:-Greaai, Bd. lo Is. OJd. ; fleece, 1- 3d. to 1<. lOd. ; and sco'ired, Is. 61. to Is. lOJd. por lí>. The attendance at the sales has beet very numerous, and com- petition np to oert-ia limits npirlted, more espe- cially for superior cescrlt'tloni cf unwished and s rong good- oonditioned fleece. Oomptroa with last season, a declino In pricoi is noiicoab'c, but not nearly to such an cxtont al might bave been an tlclpst-d f»m tho rates ruling in the homo market ; in fact, so far as unwashed lots are concerned this rates obtained approximate very clotely to thoso cf last», year. This, however, la ti a certain extent attributable to the good condition In which w ol of tils description has come to market, the unusually wet »eather wo baro h«d having ma lo the flotees cleaner aud lighter thin in previous yoi». The clip, as a whole, will be bet or'grown and founder than for many seasons past, tbo. abundance of feed and water consequent upon such a long con- tinuance of rainy wcattor having re ulted in long, strong-stapled fl-ttces. Tho condition Is no*, better than uiuil, the very unfavourable weathor prevalent at «hearing time preventing many o' the growers having a f.ir opoortunlty for exerdsng that c »re uni attention they otherwise would havo dono. The following ships have cleared sines our last sum- mary, and several others are nearly loaded, and will loavo in the course of a week or ten days for London :-JNov. 7-Maid of Judah, from Goolong, 1,839 bales ; Suffolk, from Melnourue, 544 do. Nov. 2t-Water Nymph, from Melhourno, 1,861 di. ; Omar Panha, from Melbourne, 8,409 do. ; Giant.'J Cause- way, rrom Geelong, 4,800 do. Total, 11,063 hides, Prices currant.-Grcoay, inferior to ordinary, 7d. to 9d. ; ordinary to avenge, Old. to lOJd ; good to superior, lid. to 1" Id. Fieoj», Infuri r to ordinary, Is. 3d. to Is. 5J. ; ordinary* to average, le. ed. to Is. 8d. ; good to tupodor, Is. OJ. to Is. lid. Se mrod, ordlnaiTs 1«. 4d. to le. 7d. ; good, Is. 81. to Is. 10d.; superior, 2s. to 2s 8d. Tallow.-During the mi nth llioro has boen »osrcoly any business transacted, thors being but little inquiry either for salo or «hlpment ; (or Hie latier, buvera com- plain that prices aro -till too high. Our qu.tr inns arc-beef, £.'8 to £80 per ton ; mixed, £30 to £31 ; mutton, £30 to £40. Clearances are-per Suffolk, for Lundou, 207 caik«; por Glint's Causeway, du., 22 casks. Hides.- We havo not hoard of any sa'e for shipment having brea iffcoed during tha month ; in fact, the prices asked by curers have boon for somo timo past bighir than buyors will give. Our quotations ore-for country wet sailed, 8s. to 10«. ; town killed, Oi. to Its. eich." Messrs. 3. II. Clough und CJ. report :-" Wool. Slnco tho date of our last roport per Bombay, uudor dato the 24th October, Illaro has not beon the amount of business doing in tho wool trade that thero gene- rally ii up to this dato in ordinary seasons, owing to tho hisvy floods and tho extremoly wet woitbor which have so much retarded shearing operations, and. rendering the roads impayable, kept the wool bick from market. It has been oui) within the last fortnight lhat tho Reason sales may bo said fairly to have com nonccd, Some wooli that wo oight under ordinary e'reumstancoa ti have had in store two month« ago havo only just reached us ; but tho delay is to a cert ii ixcent compenfated for by Hu imp a roi condition of the wooli this year, and thoir superiority In point of growlh, length c f »tapio, and general character, lho fioeco wools, however, though bettor grown, will scarcely bo found to bs so lirlgh". In colour »s those of provisos j ear-, and thi* Is owing, to some extent, if not ontiroly, to the iofl-anco upon it cf the contmuou« wot weather, by which shearing, whare not altogether suspended, ha« been serl'Usly lntstiferod with. Our reported clearances ehow a Btnallcr quantity sbipptd till' month than in tho cor- responding period of Uityear; but within the last few days a great quantity of wool ha« been conilog to band, and tho Lightring, with 3.603 bale« already on bna:d, is still »hipping at doo- lan?, whilst the Result and the Donald M'Kay, each with m ira than tim quantity shipped, have not nearly finished taking In cargo ; so that it is diffi- cult to draw an accurato corapitlson, althiu.htho probability L« that thoso of tho prcsaut p 'Hod aro little, it any, belo w the thipniontsof October f< ovembcr, 180- The reports per iîorthsin of the coudition of tile Lindon market in September Wsiro calculated to convey-and in fact, al Is UBual ut this seas n cf tho year, did in somo quarters convoy-the iropreieion that such a rise had taken placo in the pri io ol wool at herne a«.would justify producers herein looking for an advance also ; whorcas Um truth Is, according to private odvicts and account sales rooolvod, we do not find that tbo wool actually sold supports this position. The first mlo of the season wai held on the 4th inst., and since that tima tho «BUSI weakly sale» havo taken place, until tho present week, whon it has beon determined, in o^eiqu-nce of th» depnrturo of the mail, to d'fer thom, iv.iy htvo boen on each occasion extremely well attendoo; and, prccisc'y as wo p edi teJ, tho oispisi'ion of buyer* lu . porate wa« evidenced by the sptiited bidding wh'ch . has thus far characterised the roos >n. Greasy woola have sold very well, and have fetched B'ti factory prices ; but for fleece wools there baa been a lots ani- mated compétition, owing lo tho rosorvo of tin pro dacor billig (slightly in excess of the valuation of the buyer 11,390 bales wero catalogued during tho li r_ fortnight. A groat qunntlty of it wai, however, Withdrawn or bought in on owners' account ; but thero has bsen a good bu iness doing privately sinco the auction sales, and a Urge qu.ntity his been placed at prices satbiiic'ory ti growers. We hive sold at-for prcaiy, from 0Jd. to 131. ; for scoured, from lfld. to 21 Jd. ; and for fleooo, from 15i_ to 21jd. porlb. The Customs clearances of the month hive boen as follow for the weeks coding t-Oot. 17, 82,84.-lb., valuo £7,408; October 24, H,3941b., va'uo £1,21»; October 31, 41,60 Ib., valuó £3,790; November 7, 68,18610, valuo £5,180; November 14, 158,241b,, value £9,010. Total 332,7021b ; total VAIUO, £27,252. The following ships have cleared with wool since nur last report, viz :-October 12, Prince of Wale«, 863 bales; November 7, Maid of Judah (Geelong), 1,839 bales: Kovcmb.'r 7, Norfolk, 614 halos; November 21, Oirnr Psisha, 3,409 bales ; Water Nymph, 1.861 .b »les ; Novtmber 21, Giant's Cause w«y (Ueolung). 4,300 bales. Total 12,701 bales. Tho crest falo of pure-br«d Imported rai s and ewes reforredto la our las', report «as he'd by us on the 13th and 14'-h list, when about 280 animal* «ore catilcruol, and thoy wero selection« from tho very best floohsof the great continental breóle». Although prices ruled considerably low>r than last yoirV, settlors showed a strong disposition to pttrchis.', and in some Inktiuico« very good prices wura olitalnod. From th's iufuiion of now blood, our colonial wools mu-1your by year show a marked Improvement, and we unir, to a considerable extent, attribute to thvt causo tho oxcollont quality of tho piesont yoir's dip. Tallow.-Thero has beon avory limited inquiry during the last month for tallow for shipping purposes, and that which ha« been sold has boon of the lower qualities, at about the same p-ice» as our last month's quotations -viz., from £28 to £32. Thero has, howover, boen a decline to from £33 to £31 for good beef and mixed, and in best mixed and mutton to from £31 to £30 por ton. Tho market Is very dull, aud even at thoso prices almost any quantity inquired for can bo easily procured. Shipments aro taking place to a Urge ex- tant on owners account, and a considerable parcol baa alroidy been shipped on board the Donald M'Kay. The following ships havo cleared with tallow since our last report:-October 12, Prince of Wales, 203 cask« ; Novembor 7, Norfolk, 257 cask» ; November 21, Giant's Causeway (Geelong), 22 cask». Toni, 517 ca«ks. Hides.-The Giant's Causeway and the Mild of Judah have cleared out, with 11,295 hides. Wo have no alteration in price to quote, and transactions are almost limited to shipmonts on owners' account." LAIIOUU MARKKT.-TIIO unsettled a-id occationslly 89V0I0 weather which ha« prevailed during tho past month has acted very unfavourably on this untket. Farming operations have boon constantly interrupted, and out of door/,' weks In some degree suspended, until the setting in of more seasonable woathor. Tho last few (Ino days have, howover, boen already marked by a hotter Inquiry for married oouplesfor country eoivlce. Female servants havo also boen in moro request, the demand, however, continuing mostly con- fined to thoso onablod to afford respectable roferoncoB as to character and ability. Young women unaccus- tomed to household work are still in but slight in- quiry, and havo difficulty in procuring situations. Malu domettics aro lu very little demand, and bayoud a few waiters for hotels, groom«, and gardonorn, vory I few cngaiemoats have boen effected. Kites of wages aro steady, and have undergone no chango tinco our last report. Mowers aro r< colvin? 4s. Od. per acre ; and haymakers 17a. Od. to 20s. per week, tbo latter with rations. SEAMENS WADES rule at last quotations, £1 per month for ali voyages being the still current rate for able-bodied seamen. EXPORTS. From tho Port of Melbourne from the 17th Ootober, to the 14th November, 1863, com- pared with the corresponding period of 1862. agricultural im plomonta Alkali-Soda, tons Antimony oro, do Apparol and slops Arms and ammu- nition Asphalte, tons .. BagB and sacks .. Bark, tons Boor Bottled, gals. .. Draught, do. .. Biscuit, tons Black sand, tons.. Blankets and wool lons .. .. Boats, No. Bones, tona Books Boots and shoes.. Bran, bushels Bricks .. Brashwaro Building materials Butter, tons Candles, do. Canvas .. Carpeting Carriages, carts, ka. Casks, empty Cornent, tons Cheese, do. Chicory Ohlnawaro Coats, tons Cocoa and choco late,lb... Coffee Coir fibre.. Confectionary .. Copper, tons Copper ore, do. .. Coppervale Cordage, tons .. Corks Cottons .. Cutlery .. .. Drapery .. 1862. £ 1,650 47 2,677 072 2,784 4S5| 676 417 050 810 2,707' 5,0031 510 702 818 J 8,110] 4,444 76 2,013 1,660 *217 6! 118 £0 2Í.9S4 444 187 720 0,622 122 1 2,616 749 1,750 824 180 1,464 ~04 1,450 11,832 1,048 70 270 730 6,650 4,071 80 108 1,846 45 03 20 1,474 111 800 188 8,648 '120 31,885 8,416 10,780 5,889 80,950 1,544 Drusrelstir' ware. Drugs Bartbenware E«r«s Fancy goods Felt Fish Salted, tons . Preserved Flour, toas Fruit Dried .. Groon, bushels. Furniture Glass Bottles.. Plato .. Glassware.. GUe, cwt. Gold, ounces Grain Barley, bushels Gram, tons Maize, bushels. Beans and peas, do. Malt .. Oats, busbo's ., Rice .. Grlndory .. Guano, toes Haberdashery tlardwn.ro and ironmongery ,. Hate and caps .. Hay, tons.. .. Hide», No. Hollowaro Hops Horns and hoofs.. Hosiory .. Houses .. .. Inoiarubbcr good lustruraonts 60 1,930 1,033 8,703 462 5,129 1,876 100 2,207 64 1,110 1,233 599,838 704) 1,741 1,774 170 487 76 18,919 1,270 575 10,469 186 260 357 120 3,450 613 404 1,293 7 163 08< 2,178 1,686 I"" 2,' 90 *800 6 334,010 160 1,630 80 850 5,308 2.1C3 07 "Î75 7,234 888 1,814 7,096 656 Quantities. 376 180 l&O;^SM 20 1 8,601 4Í780 £8 ~60 14,088 175 lil 83,496 603 0,0!4 40 20,834 0,604 83 - - Musical.. Solontiuo trou and ateol, tons Jewollory.. Kaolin, tons Lead, do. Leather, do. Leathorwaro Linen Lime, bushels Live stock Horses, No. Sheep, do. Deer, do. Goats, do. Pig*, do. Machinery Matches and vestas Mats and rugs "neal Carn, tons Oat, do. Metal, yellow, do. Millinery .. Miscellaneous Molasses .. Nails and scrows, tons Nuts Oars Olia, gJl-l... Oilmen's atoros .. Opium Ore-Chrome,toni Faints Paintings and on graving*) Paperhangings . Perfumery Photographic goods .. Pitch and tar . Pipes, tobacco . Plants and seeds. Plato and platod ware Plumbers' waro .. Potatoes, tons Presorves.. Printing materials Provisions Preserved Salted, tons Quick silvor Kag', tone Railway matoriaU Rosin Saddlery .. Sa« , lb. .. Salt, tons.. Shipehaudlory Silks Skins Slates, No. Soap,tons Spoclo-Gold Specimens of natu- ral history Spelter, tons Spices Spirits Brandy .. Cordials Gin Of wine.. 146 2,467 26W 7,46tf 10.0Í9 City 2,3281 S,204f 4,191 4,704 6,230 8,000 119 4,284 147 1,836 433 4,250 1,200 637 2,110 1,020 2,260 4,2.9 1,3 8,020| 28 3,249 3 97 200 Si3 963 70 1,490 9e,979 85 8,47* 816 2,412 135 2,133 12,071 400 2,038 Perfumed Rum .. Whiskey Undoscnbed Starch and blue Stationery Steel, tens S tono miro Sugar Tallow, tom Tapioca, lb. Toa Tents and te paulina.. Timber .. Tin.. Tinwnro .. Tobacco .. Cigirs .. Snuff .. Tobacconist«' ware Toole and utonsUs Toys and turnery Turpentine and varnish, gals. Twlco and thread, tons Vinerar, gals. Wateihcs k clocks Wine Woodcaware Wool, lb... Zinc, tons.. 1,203 2,221 205 21,4441 10,767 225 2,161 13S 31C 10,833 1,966 03 716 111 631 7,016 8,210 8.4S7 20 14,096 160 1,2 iS 20,22-2 2,760 721 278! 3,500 SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY (B., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da. Danish; D.,Dutch; F., Fronch; Oh., Chilian; P. Portuguese; II., Hamburg; N., Norwegian ; S. Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Belg. Belgian ; Br., Bremon ; Pr., Prussian ; R., Russian s., »hip; b., barque; br., brig; se., schoonorj st. steamer.] Oct. ARRIVED. 27\. Ocean Pearl, A. b., 612, D. W. Newcomb, New York.-Lord and Co. 23\. Calliance, B. a., 823, G. I. Brown, London.-Dal' gcty and Co. 28\. Dagmar, B. s., 1,177, J. F. Lambard, London. Mlchaoll«., Boyd, and Co. 23\. Theresa, B. s., 704, T. S. Kennedy, London.-Lo- rimer, Marwood, and Co. 28\. Oceánica, B. a,, l,fc78, P. S. Corbett, London. Geo. Martin and Co. SO. Delphine, F. se., 91, L. Schuller, Mauritius. J 'Btiua Brothers. 31\. Ynrguard, B. s, 1,300, H. Carwon, Liverpool. Lorimer, Harwood, and Co. Nov. 2\. Himaliya, U.M. s.S., 8,600, E. Lacey, Colombo. 8\. O-.tolino, D. b., 631, A. Keloman, Rotterdam. Joshua Brothers. 8\. Zapbyros, U. b., 350, J. H. Jepsen, Foo Ohow Foo.-Joshua Brothors. 8\. Martha Birnie, B. s., 831, H, U'QUOOD, London. -Dalgety and Co. 4\. Chatsworth, B. s., 830, J. 0. Campbell, Sodorham. Captain. 6\. Postboy, B. sc, 94, J. Gascoigne, Java. — Young and Martin. 7\. Miranda, H. b., 210, J. C. Muller, Macao.-S. de Beor. 7\. Gaspard, F. b , 400, F. B. Deiparont, 8ydney.~0. Tondeur and Co. I 8. Charlotte, H. b., 230, J. A. Frcderlckson, Foo Chow Foo.-M'Mlcking and Co. 9\. Chalonger, B. br., 860, J. Mahoney, St. John's, N. B.-Bright Brothers and Co. 0\. Adriatic, B. b., 302, J. Barron, Mauiltlii'. Joshua Brothers. 19\. Cestrlen, B. s, 1,200, W. Fothorglll, Liverpoo!. Loiimer, Marwood, and Co. 10\. Caroltno. Du. br., 150, A. von Appen, Foo Chow Foo.-Hoape Brothers. 10\. Tanami, A. b. 414, J. Hablg, San Fratclsco. Callender and Co. 10\. Brandon, B. a., 731, J. B. Jolly, London.-HW locb, 8oll*r, and Co. 10\. Jeanie, B. b., 600, O. H. Smith, Now Yorit Flsher, Ricard», and Co, l8. Essex, B. a, 1,100, J. 8. Attwood, London.-W. P. Whltoand Co. 14\. Northam, B. s. s., 905, N. L Skottowe, Point de Galle.-J. Sparkes. 14\. City cf Boston, A. a., 000, J. Baker, Boston. Osborn, Gushltg, and Co. 14\. Brothors, B. b , 236. J. H. Kennedy, Mauritius. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 14\. Landsborough, B. s., 1,068, C. Jones, Liverpool. Bright Brothors and Co. 16\. Marco Polo, B. s., 1,026, W. M. Arnold, Llvorposi. -Brlnht Brothers and O). 15\. Klugß'her, A. a, 1,113, W. Freeman, Jun., Syd- ney.-8. do Beer. 16\. Mediator, B. a., 950, T. Stewart, London.-Bo Pass Brothers and Co. 18\. Amaron, B. b., 360, A. Oglor, Mauritius.-Joshua Brothers. 19\. Carolino Elizabeth, B. b., 535, J M Woolton, London.-Holmes, White, and Co. 19\. Linda, H. b , 487, T. E. von Betbon, Hamburg. O. Tondeur. 19\. Agincourt, B. a., 1,100, B. W. Paris, London.-W. P. White and Co. 19\. Koepnkc, B. b., 830, E. Swan, Foo-Chow-Foo. J. Henty and Co. 10\. NU Desperandum, B br., 276, J. Downing, Mau- ritius.-Joshua Brothers. 21\. Brederod», D. b., 636, L. Kruymel, I'o lio. Victoria Sugar Co. 22\. Johannes, H. b , 613, H. H. Wiborg, Hamburg, Haege and Prell. 22\. Cantina, B. b.. 234, T. Lockyoar, Sydney.-Wm. Owston and Co. 22\. Game O.-ck, A. t., J. J. Williams, Otago. Dodd and Thornton. 23\. Valiant, barque, F. b., F. Got, Calculte.-Prout, Kohler, and Co. CLKARHD OUT. 20\. Bombay, B. s.S., 0:0, W. M'Cullocb, Point de Galle.-J. Sparker. 26\. Charlotte, F. b., 467, -Moreau, Sydney.-Corder and Adet, 20\. Elizabeth, F. b., COO, J, Demolinei, Sydney. C arelar and Adet. 27\. Devonshire,' B. »., 718, W. WaMou, Calla). Bright Brothers and Co. 27\. Summer Cloud, B. s., 603, J. B.rnotson, Guam. Miller an i Johnston. 23\. Madras, a b., 200, P. T. Hopper, Potropaulovaki, -Joshua Brothers. 29\. Masy Ann, B. b. 296, F. J. Obevaller, Guam. Projt, KOhler, and Co. 29\. Queen B. s" 720, B. Thornhill, Adelaide.-Bright Brother« and Co. SO. Esther, F. b, 300, S. Gofflot, Sydney.-B.Igh and Harbottlo. 3t. Bosphoius, B. b., 820, J. Ollard, Guam.-A Woolley and Nephew. 81\. Glencoe, a «., 7<6, J. S. Hutton, Otago.-J. H. White and Co. Nov. 2\. Onward, B. b., 318, J. C. Kreefr, Cdcutta. Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 6\. Callian.e, B. s., 823, - Brown, London via Goolong. -Dalgety and Co. 7\. Alocta, A. »., 62?, J. W. O. Allison, Ttvolold Bay. -Lard and Co. 7\. Caroline Chisholm, B. b., 345, S. S. Briggs, Arjer Point.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 7\. Ourust, D. b.,' 827, K. J. Junker, Otago.-Harge and Prell. 7\. Su_.dk, B, s., 075, J. a Harlin, London.-W. P. White and Co. 9\. Julia Farmer, B a, 709, H. Miles, Oamirau, N.Z. -J. H. Clough and Co 12\. Independan', F. b., 633, J. Labourg, Ca'cutto. Bligh an 1 liai bottle 12\. Staatsraal v. d. lluuvou, D. b., 633, F. Heymey rick*, Calcutta_Frost, Kohler, and Co. 13\. It ..bert Pauerger, B. b., 440, O. Moore, Mauritius. \- B. B. Nichols ,n and Co. 13\. Martha Birnie, B. s, 831, H. M Queen, London vift Geelong.-Dalgety and Co. 10 Tnerosa, B. »., 704, J. S. Kennedy, Madras. Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 16\. Northam, B s s., 906, N. J. Skottowe, Sydney. J. Sparkes. 17\. Jessie Munn, B, a., 871, J. Bogers, Twofold Bay. Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 19\. Zlsks, B. br., 186, W. Croucbor, Mauritius. Jenner aud Co. 20\. Delphin, F. se, DO, L. Scblffler, Batavia-James Law. anco. 21\. Adriatic, B b., 303, J. Barrow, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. 21\. Ariel, B. b., 336, S. Bevan, Guam -Grico, Sum ner and Co. 21, Omar Pasha. B. B., 1,038, T. Henry, London. Dalgety and Co. 21, Water Nymph, B. s, 685, D. Munr.i, London. Do PASS Brothors ano Co. PASSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND BY, AND SINGE THE DEPARTURE OF, THE OOTOBER MAIL. OCT. 27. Bombay, R. M. s.s a, for Point do Gallo : -For King George's St und-Ur. Tuomos. For Co) Ion-Mr Leo. For Calcutta-Messrs. Gray, Johnston, and Huzh. For Madras-Mr. Clark. For Suez-Mr. L«vy. For Alexandria-Mr. StibcL For Marieilles- Messrs. youngman, Brodie, Kaye, Cherry, M'Dougall, and Jtuttlebury. Nov. 7. Suffolk, for Lond-.n ¡-Mrs. Chirnside, family, and servant, Mr, and Mrs. Renouf, Captain J. S Smyth, Dr. Nash, Mr. A LOCH, Mr. Oxley, Mr. Konnrdy, Mr. C»uu, Mr. Flood, Mr. H. W. Stsword, Mr. Deakin. Nov. 24. Omar Pallis, for Loudon:-Miasoi Llllio,Dunn, and Dale ; Mimrs. Harbor:, Morley, and Kov. P. Gunn ; Mr. Boll, surgeon. 