VICTORIA. BY the City of Melbourne, we havo papers te the 16th in- stant. Tbo annexed quotations are from the Argus. That journal learns that the Julia Farmer, with a cargo of alpacas, waa appointed to leavo the port of Tooopilla for Melbourne, not later than the 20th May. The loss in marching the animals down to the coast was considerable, but a good number of lamba had been dropped and carried down, which would keep up the numbera proposed ta be shipped. 3 he French authorities, and several mercantile firms, had applied to the Peruvian and Bolivian Governments for por Uiieslon to export these animals, but were refused. It seems that the sole right to that privilege rests exclusively with Mr. Duffield, to the limited extent of 1500. At the weekly meeting of the council ef Acclimatisation Society, on the 15th instant, a letter was read from tho de- partment of Lands and Survey, Btating that the Governor in Council had been pleased to reserve a portion of Phillip Island for tho purposes of acclimatisation, which portion had been placed under the control of the council of the society. A letter was rend from Mr. M'CuIlough, of Mary- borough, who has already borne half the expense of the in- troduction of the Cashmere goat, accepting the terms offered him by tho council, of purchasing tho two young Angora bucks bred at the Royal Park. Mr. M'CuIlough adds: " I hope the council will not think that, beoauso thoy havo granted my request for the two young Angora bucks, I hive given up the idea of having anymore; on the contrary, I shall be only too glad to bave the opportunity of paying £600, any time within twelve months from this outc, for thirty head of pure-bred Angora goats " A letter was road from Mr. D. F. Kilburn, offering, on behalf of Mr. Edward Wilson, two pairs of tho beautiful silver grey rabbit«, bred from some animals introduced from England by Mr. Wilson, which offer the council gladly accepted. Dr. Black mentioned that he had been informed that the hares had arrived safely at Phillip Island, where they were immediately liberated They were seen on the following day, and appeared quite reconciled to their new hi me. The pheasants, partridges, and grouse on tho island are also doing exceedingly well. The secretary reported that he had received a telegram from Sydney, notifying the arrival there of the birds pent by Mr. Laj ard, from the Cape ; also that Captain John Smith had kiudly conseuted to take, per Wellotley, a pair of native ducks and some magpies to tho Zoological Society of London. His Daniell MnjoBty has raised Dr. Frederick Mueller, F R.S., to the nonour of knighthood of the oidor of Dannebrog. Dr. Mueller was a former subject of Den rueik, and prior to his coming to Australia he made a botentical turvey of Danish territory, extending over a eeties of yeurs, One ot the chief objections made to the introduction of Chneeo immigrants to Australia has been that only malea come, the women being left at homo. Ono or two Chinese nom>n only ore to Le found in tho oo'ony. The '' alraond ejed " race, however, at last begaA to think that the weaker bix might bo brought over, and various proposals have been mudo by Ibeia for the introduction of wives, or '.ningle femóles," from China. Among a number of Celestials ' vhe landed on Wednesday after LOUU at Sandrieigo wero » Chinóse luiy and an intcreating lillie girl, about seven yiar« of ago. The men, who appeared to belong to a bettor class than usually come bore, had for themeolvea a .uumbtr ot cabs. The lndy and child wero accommodated with a close carriage, drawn by a couple of greys. When the luggage wea all ready, a rignnl »tis given, and the wh*»lo party, headed by the carriage that contained thoir fair cora piiJiioDf, eturled off nt a rapid pnoe for town. A gentleman who waa among the crowd watohing the landing, very ouurteouely hiineted thn ladlee up the ste'ps of the pier, and saluted tbcm in tbo culm and philosophical manner of their ce.untrjrutn. Tho eldor of tbo two appears to be about eighteen or twenty, and in a Chinese point of view will, doublées, bu pronounced handsome. She ia the wife of a Chinaman who han made money in tho lund of his adoption, and who returned to the flowery land for the express object ot bringing her to bia new home. At a meeting of the Victoria Agricultural Socioty, held at Heidelberg on the 14th testent, Dr. Martin and Mr., G eorgo Sherwin wero elected representatives of the sooiety to the Board of Agriculture. The revenue and oxpoudituro returns for tho year 1863, which showed a oonsiderablo in- crease in the revenue end a largo reduction in the expendí tute, wero approved of, beingceneidored highly aatiBfaotory. A highway robbery, accompanied witt violence, waa perpetrutod at half-past two o'clock on We inosday morn- ing, in King-Etreet, near tbo outting. In this ouse W. N. Ingham, an employé in a nowapoper office, waa pro- ceeding to his work, when ho waa act upon by throe mon, one of whom knocked him down by a blow from a atone. Ho became partly insensible, and it appear* the robbers pro- ceeded lo divest him of his overcoat, bia hat, ead to rifle tha contenta of his pockets, taking thenoo 6«., being nil the money he had about him at the time. About a week since a robbery of precisely similar ctmnioter to the above waa committed at the same «pot. I An address and a. subscription purso, amounting to £27 12s , hen o be on presented to a German naruod Heiurio Z i nig, by the inhabitants ot ClvncB, in acknowledgment I of his bravery in rescuing, nt great peril to himBelf, the liven uf tovtrul women and children during the late floods at I Clune». . A riohly ornamented aword, and a eervico of silver plate, liought out by the late mail, have boen duly received by Mr. Siurt, according to ordor, for the purposo of prosentn- ' tiun to Mnjor Pitt, of. the Viotorian Volunteers. Some time since a general subscription was entered into by tho Voluutcera for the purposo of marking' their sonso of the efficient and able superintendence of Mnjor Pitt, by presenting him with a sword. I 'J be monty collected, amounting to 100 guineas, waa placed ¡i. the hands of Mr. Sturt, und by bim forwarded to Captain Clarke, R.E., in England, with instructions that the I balance, if any) remaining after tho purohoeo of a suitable sword should bo expended in procuring a Bervice of plate. 'J bo Eword is valued u< £60. ' The mtuibers ol the Ballarat Turf Club hnvo voted a Bum of £'¿000, to onable the stewards to piopare thtir nro giaumio of the next races ou the Ballarat course. £1000 is to be devote d to the Champion race. The All-England Eleven, to visit the Australian colonies next year, has, it is understood, been completed by the ad- dition of that fast left-handed bowler, the terror of batsmen, Edgar Wilshire. According to the arrangement entered into, the last man was to be chosen by the other members of the team, and the election was postponed to see whether Willshire would be no-balled or not at the grand match between the United and All-England Elevens, at Lord's. When the Australian mail closed in London the match had been on for two days, and as Willshire's bowling has been allowed, Parr, in his letter to Mr. G. Marshall, speaks of his selection as sure. From the same communication it seems that the offer made by the Sydney cricketers, through Laurence, to induce the Eleven to visit New South Wales independently of Mr. Marshall, has not been accepted. Parr assumes that by this time any ill-feeling between the players of the two colonies will have passed away. Accord- ing to the present arrangement Caffyn will be the only one of the first Anglo- Australian Eleven who will be included in the second. I ho curious case of a roan summoning hiiusidf to show cause «hy a warrant of distress should nut ha ¡aimed against hie goods carno before the East Collingwood Police Court nu the Hill instant. It m ems that Mr. Robert iluckaon, a contractor, was ordered by the Couit a short timo ago to pay a ceitain amount due to n labourer fur v, ork and labour dono. Ho paid the money under protest, and in order to bring tbo particulars of the case fully before tho inagi-trate ho took the step mentioned. Upon the caso being ca'ltid on, Mr. Hutkson proceeded to show cau'e why the warrant be bad applied for should not i°euo, but the Court deoided Mgaintt him by granting hi« former application. 1 '1 he magisterial inquiry into the obargo of conspiracy te defraud, preferred egainet Theodore Hancoofe, Henry V. Sa« til, und Arthur Anderson, directora of the Pravident Institute, terminated on Tuesday, tbo 14th, when the three defendants were committed for trial at the Criminal Sessions of tho Supremo Court. Lust Tuesday evening, a tea and public meeting waa hold at tbo Victorian Grammar School, Collins street, upon the interesting occasion of the twentieth anniversary of Ihe Rev Alexander Mormon's connexion as pastor of tbo adjoining Indopondont chapel About 130 partook ot tea, after which the company resolved ltselt into a public meeting, the obair being taken by tho Han G Harker A purse of sovereigas WOB then presented by the chairman, on bohalf of the congregation, to their respected postor, as a mark of the feelings with whioh his labours of twenty years wera appreciated by them. IhcgiftwaB appropriately ocknowlodgod by Mr Morison Ihe trfa«nrcr'« report showed that at tbo present time in Bj no of li (ses incurred by an unluoky investment m tho !a<c Provident Institute, there was still cash in haart to the an cunt of £600, and oxprosecd a hope that if tho estate of tbo institute piy another dividend at thu rate ot 2i GI in the round, at the end of the ytar tho church would possess clear capllhl to the amount of £1000 upon which te com- mence tbo election of a no* edifico in room of the old uni, whifh bus bien long outgtown by the nerds of the. cooiiro galion 1 his statement was received with great satmlnc tion by Ibe meeting In the course of the evening, nddreeste wero delivered by tbo Reva J Beer, M'Mn.hael, King and other gentlemen, and several anthems were sung by the choir of the church The steam sloop Victoria has been ordered bv the Chief Secretary to proceed to the Ninety milo Beach whioh sho is to search for the relief of any parues ot shipwrecked sea- men who may havo been thrown upon it during tho late gales, which wero unusually surero It ia not improbablo that some ef the coasters now overdue may have been thrown upon the long stretch of beach, which it will ba tho business of the Victoria te examine A warrant of commitment for want of distress at L°ar month, ha» been issuea by the Learmonth Bench against Patrick Costello, late member of the L°gislative Assembly The sum named upon the warrant is £15 5s 6d (being £14 3s, duo to three labouring men for work done, and £1 2s Gd tho costs of suit), and tho penalty ot default is imprisonment for two months in Ballarat gaol The war- rant has been forwarded to Melbourne for execution Tho Age of Thursday elates that small-pox is said to have appeared in several parts of the oolony Tho Contrai Board ef Health ha« urged upon the various local boards the necessity for ever} assistance being given to the Go- vernment vaccinutors, and the observance of the Act in the Eoveral districts Pleuro-pneumoma (says the same papar) is spreading very rapidly amongBt the cattlo m the neighbourhood of Tarrengower, and the municipal council of Maldon has written te tho commissioners for instructions how to aot ROBBBIIY UNDEtt AKMS -A robbery under arms took place on Sunday evening lost, between six and seven o'clock, near Kangaroo Creek, at the junction of Malras buty ond Tylde i Hoads, about fifteen miles from Kyneton lhere is a Bmall store or shanty there, kept by a German named Frederick William Gumsdoff A maa onterod this Etore about half-paBt six on the above evening, and aBked for a drink, which ho did not partake of, but went almost immediately outside, whon two other mon carno in, woinng masks, who presented pistols at the inmates, and pro cceded to search the house for money and valuables They obtained about £30, three watches, a pair of earrings, a gold ring with stone, two Chínese packets of tea, and a revolver Whilst one of the men was searching the place, a stout young man, natnod Armstrong, son-in-law of Gurnsdorff seized tho man who was keeping guard in- side the house, with the intention of ejecting him, but the man who hod originally como in being on guard at tho door struck him several bbws with a stick, cutting him in two or three placea, though not Bonouslj When the ruffians were ready to depart, tho one who had searched the placo fired off both pistols at old GuruBdorff ho only escaping tho shots bv judiciously dipping his head and letting them go over him. The pistols seemed to bo heavily loaded with coarse slugs or shots, as the walls ot tho hut woro plentifully peppered where they took tffeot Thoy then took leave of their affrighted victims It waa not till cloven o'clock on Monday Ébat the police here became acqualntel with the above fact«, so that the villians had a long start, espe- cially as the police had first to ride out to the scene of the robbery to learn tho direction the tniovos had taken The man who cntored first appeared to bo about thirty years of age, six feet high, of dark comploxion, with dark hair and whiskers, tho latter bushy Ho had no mouBtacho, but had bluo rings under his eyes, as if bo had been suffering from the effettJ of dissipa- tion He was dressed in a arab or grey tweed suit, with deerstalker hat of tho samo colour. The man who fired tho pistol appeared to be about twenty years of ago, five feet six inches high, and dressed in a monkey jacket, with a blncfc oloth cap with peak on his haad Ih third mun appeared to bo about thirty years of ago, and to be six feet high. Ho had fair bair and whiskers, his eyes were dark, and he had a black mark under one oyo as if from a blow He WOB dressed In a drab wide awake hat and monkey jacket They carried among thom two singla- ban el pistols and a revolver -Kyneton Guatdian, July 15 