latest yknttllismtt. Melbourne. — Tuesday, September 22. — In the ap peal .case of Flower v. William Hutledges estate, the court have granted an appeal to the Privy Council, nt to the proof of debt disallowed by Justice Molesworth. The insurance companies have refused . to insure American vesfels, in consequence of the late ne^s from the Cape of Good Hope. Land was sold at Echuca, for £300 per acre, to-day. A nugget of 32 ]t». weight haS Veen found ftt{DunoIl)-. Greig;disposed of 10,000 bushels Dutch and Danish oats at 3s. Id. to Ss. 4d. ilie case ol ftioles^orth r. Molesworth'i with Mr. Ireland as correspondent, com. mences to-morrow. . The largest counsel engaged in ono case in Victoria are employed. Champion Kace.,At the -Subscription Rooms, fast night, numerous offers were mide to bacR .^J-cher at even against the field ; bookmakers declined the offers, and no business outright wasi.'ijone on the race. .Numerous bets on the double eveots,; the Champion Race, and tbe Cup, were made, Archer being invariably selected: for the first. New fruit from the Cape, ex Hero, was 'Offered by auction to. day, and only 300 boxes loose raisins «old-,.at 7Jd. per lb., duty paid. The Southern Ocean, which wiled on Satur day for Callao, put back last night, in consequence of the death of Captain Davy; who fell off the poop ou, to the main deck during an altercation with the second 4uate. — — Motiday, September 2l.— The racehorse Wongn,- in galloping this morning, dipped ahd broke its leg. It was immediately shot by its owner. .JVazer and Cohen offered at auction, to-day, the cargo of Mauritius sugars, ca Maurice, i nuca nave ucuiiueu iruui ^uo. ui ovat per ton since last sales. ..The drgus of this morning' says,- in reference to the proceedings of the Alabama at 'the Cape of Good Hope, that it is quite possible it may cause a quatrei between America jlnd England; aud concludei.by recommending that the protection of shipping in Iransitu BbouldJbe looked to. The. complement :of volunteers for New Zealand is now Made up. 1510 were enrolled, of whom 380 were rejected. The total hiimbcr embarked 932 ; the retliaiwier will sail in the Golden Age', witU Colonel Pitt.— —Wednesday, ^September 23.— At the \a: quest held to-day, at Williain&town;, on ili'e body of Cap. tain Davy, of tile Southern Ocean, it Was shown that hp was intoxicated at the time he fell. He was pushing Mr. liiiggs, the mate, aft, when the accjd^t occurred. The jury exonerated Briggs. A requisition Is being pre psredto ask the Mayor to call a public meeting on the subject of transportation to Australia: The Gazette of to-day contain' a copy of the Treaty between Queen Vic toria and the President of the United States for tne sup. pie&siqn; oi Ainuau siavcryi jiic lirni loau oi Clip wool arrived to-day from Echuca. A nugget weighing 82 los. was found at Mohugul. Exchange ou.England is 1 per cent, premium. The Gotten I) drg sailed for Otago, With one hundred and fifty passengers. AH ,the houses. Df persons of the Hebrew persuasion were closed to-day. The Champion of the Seas arrived at the H cads, having made 'the passage iu seventy.six days. Mr', and Mrs. Charles Xcan are passengers by her. ? rThursday, September 21.— Negociations have been opened with the cricketers of CAIcutu by George Marshall, with) the view of getting the English eli-ren to play there in preference to playing in Sydney. The proposition ia highly approved here. A public meeting to protest against the renewal of transportation to Australia will be held. The first pub. Jic sale of. Victorian. distilled whisky, front the VVangan. heap Distillery, wa$ held to-day ; the price realised was 4». 3d. per gallon.- ? Friday, September 25.— Tli'e di vorce case) Molesworth V. Moles Worth, comes on to morrow, the preliminaries for arrangement having fallen through. The smack John and Ellen Was wrecked off Port Arlington, and two lives lost. ? Saturday, Sep. tember 26.— Sir Henry Barkiy embarked on board the It, it. ,S. Northnui, at one o'clock. He wac accom panied to the railway station by a body of artillery as escort. He was loudly cheered. The Northatn takes 79,400 ozs. gold and 21,000 sovereigns. The Norfolk cleared lor .London with 5V,i)UU ozs. gold; Arrived: Julia Farmer and Squaw, from Sydney. ADEtAiDE.— Tuesday, September 22.— The Bishop of Mew Zealand writes to the Bishop of South Australia in a desponding tone on the influence of the war on native Christians, and says they condemn the English soldiers for Sabbath-breaking. Tho actual revenue ex. ceeds. the estimated revenue for the year ending 31st June, 1863, by £21,384. A prize-fight, for L100, was to have come ofTto-day, but the police succeeded in prevent ing it. ? Wednesday, September 23.— The Government Hive resolved upon a petition to send to the Home Gd verlirhent against transportation to Western Australia, and nave telegraphed to the neighbouring colonies to unite in one protest. In consequence of the death of Captain Rankme's wife, the English and South Austra. lian Rifle Match is postponed. The Omagh has arrived from Batavia with a cargo of rice and tea, also two tiew Guinea crowned pigeons for the Victorian Acclimatisa tion Society. Tho names of several Melbourne persons' are published as having applied for land in the Northern country, including Messrs. J. B. Burstill, E. Maclaine, and Ronald VV. Smith. A bill is to be introduced on Friday br Tuesday, for dealing with the Northern territory,' ahd will propose advantages to the. first pur. chasers of land orders. . Two areas of country will be surveyed in the first instance of about 25,000 acres, at 7a. 6d. per acre, and the next at 1 2s; Half to be reserved for England, And half for the Australian colonies. Be. yond these areas, probably the land system now existing In South Australia will be adopted. , Kach land order1 will include, besides country sections, half an acre in the metropolis. Respecting pastoral leases, regard wilt lie hid to bond fide neuters. To such, licenses will be issuett in the first instance on most favourable terms, to try to indues tho Duke of Newcastle to permit Cammander Hutchiiisoh, marine surveyor, to proceed to the north coast to survey the coast and harbnurs previous to fixing on a site for a settlement. It ia not supposed that it will be necessary to ask Parliament for a vote for the estab. lishment of the new settlement, as it is expected the prd jceeds from land sales will be sufficient to initiate all ilecessary measures for survey and protection. ? Thurs- day, September 22.— Wheat is very scarce, and bix of the principal, mills which have been working a short time, .liaVe teen stopped. Sales hare been made at 6s. lOd. It is in contemplation to call a meeting to form a company for the purpose of colonizing the North. The capital will be LS00,QQ0. At Singapore, they, ate starting a company to share in the enterprise. Captain Horatio Ross, of Scbilimil, the famous rifle shot, has con sented to stand as umpiro.fpr South Australia in the English rifle match. The matuh is for the present post poned, in consequence of the death of the wife of the cap tain of the company, who is oue of the best shots. A bill; compelling all banks to register their charters, and make simultaneous half-yearly returns, passed a second reading in the Legislative Council. Captain Horatio Ross has contented to act as umpire in tne rifle match England r. South Australia. The committee have do. cided to shoot off the match in the South Park land. The treasurer's preliminary motion in reference to the £ayment of troopf passed the Assembly. Both Houses of icgithutlre hive adopted addresses protesting against transportation, ino value or cereal exports to 19th Sep. tember is L6730. Hour, L13 10s. Wheat, 5s. 9d. One sale for immediate export was made at 5s. lOd. Arrived : City of Melbourne (s.) The Cassiua arrived at Port Elliott. ? Friday, September 25.— Arrived : The Ada. mant, with 377 immigrant; The prospectus of the cotn fiany to colonise the Northern territory has B'eV'n pub ished. The capital is fixed at 1.1,000,000, in 4000 shares of L25 esch. It is not jniended. to call in more than Lla plsr share. Threo thousand of the first ten thousand shares issued will be reserved for Australia, Upon allotment, 1(2 per share is to bo paid down; the remain der in amounts riot exceeding L2; and at Intervals of not less than three months. The country for selection is ill Queensland, on tho Victoria River, and in the Gulf bt Carpentaria; The company will bo upon the same basis as tho South Australian Land Company; It is antici pated that an independent colony will shortly be estab. lisllc'd in Northern Australia. Tho Assembly is engaged in discussing tho report on the Moonta mines, and there is every appearance of a long debate. GdutBifiiN.— Moriday, September21.— The fjircuit Coutt.waa op'e'ndd to-day, before his Honor the Chief Justice: .Mr. Isaacs prosecuted {or tho Crown. The other barristers present wcrb Messrs. Simpson, Salarrionsj Holroydjand Wiiideycr. Four cases were tried ani dis posed oft but none of them was of particular interest; At M1O \^uuuii \\-uuiv, iu-unjp,uiu lUUUWlllg CnSCB weTO tried: Jflno Evans, sentenced to two years in gaol,4 William Taylor, found guilty of robbery with intent, two years in gaol; Robert Williams, for assault with intent, round guilty j sentincb dbferrcd. ? Tuesday, Septem ber 22.— Tha cdurt has been occupied till fouro'olock with the trial of Henry Gross, for tho murder of Alexan der Kc'llar, Hear Marengn, In February, 1862. Senior: sergeant, Richards/ of Jlurrowa, a witness, uatno into court drunk, and was unable to give evidence. At four o'clock, B8 Me- was still unabio to give evidence; hn argu ment took place betweau M r. Isaacs a'nd prisoner's coun sel, a» to tho power of tho Judge to adjourn thu case. Tho Chief Justice dcolded, Under the circumstances, he would not adjourn the trial, and directed (ho prisoner to bo acquitted. Richards was eontunceil to six months' iiriprlsonment for contempt of oourt. Robert Williams was sentenced to three months' in Quulbimi gaol I Eliza York, two years in Maitlund Ruol. The escort, to. morrow, takes from Goulburn 73 ozs, 15 dwls. 12 grs.j Braidwood, 1082 ozs. IS rivits., and LlOl 6s, 2il, in cash. ? Wcdnea'daV; Soptombor 23.— Patrick Dalqy was found guilty bfhighway robbery under arms, at Younf, and sentenced to ten years' on tho roads, the first year Hi irons. John Jamies'on pleaded guilty to highway rob bery undor arms, at YoUng. — ~Thutsda?, September 24.— L.awrcn6t- Cummins, for robbery with arms, was found guilty, Sentenco deferred. Vardy is nnw being tried for harbouring bushrangers. In a ca'sc, Dwyer ana others y.P'Neil, a verdict for plaintiff was given. ? Thomnt vardy, for harbouring tho b'ushrangor Lb'wry, was dKohargcd on untoring on his own recognizance for L200; Robert and Henry llogan, for harbouring Lowry, woro admitted to bail. Alfred Russell, for tho murder 6f Jtmca Collins ; sentonco of douth recordod. In tho c'a'soof Gcorgo Slatcn, forBhooting with intent,, tho Jury aronow locked up. Lawrence Cummins, John JamioBOn,' And Patrick Daley, woro e'a&h; acmonccd tq fifteen ydarii, tlio first yoar in irons. Great exaitomtmt prevailed in town to-day, owing to tho fact, that Mr Uullardis had at length retped tho reward of his per. severance, having struok a nch lead of gold at seventy five feet sinking. The ground has been satisfactorily proved to a distance of. 135, .feet. Numbers of diggers have arrived, and commenced operations. ? Saturday. September 26. — James Kershaw, John Fortter, Samitt Kershaw, and William Fnrster. for robbery with arms; James Kershaw and John Forster pleaded guilty; Samuel Kershaw was found guilty. Each was sen tenced to ten years on the roads. William Forster was acquitted. James II lines and John Evans, committed from Young in February last, and now in Yuss gaol, are to be discharged at the gaol delivery. George Slater, for firing at constable Hangbey, was sentenced to five years on the roads. - ., Bathurst.— Monday, September 21.— On Saturday afternoon, the Cowra mail was stilck up at Blaney Hiil by three armed men. They secured .the driver, opened all the mail bags, and took six registered letters and a draft for 1,500. Tbe cheque they got tHey 6c#[ored about the road. A woman wae found drowned lo-dar in awelHiKtbe town. An inquest is to be held upon the body, The.Carcoar mail, with one passenger, was stuck up oti Saturday by three men, supposed to be GilKert, O'Meally^iand Vane. The coachman was ordered, to anveon the road, about 301) yards, to a camp or four teen others who had been stuck up and kept as prisoners, one of them a troopar. .The mail bags were cut open, and the contents rifled... After detaining theirprisonen about two hours, the bushrangers allowed them to depart, the bushrangers preceding the coach in the direction of Blaney, when, as the ooach .cam* in sight of the town, the game party of robbers were met, engaged in bviling up Mr. Beardmore.of Forbes. ? Thursday, September ii.~- Hosie's store, at Caloola,, was stack-up again last evening by five armed men, among whoni were Gilbeit, O'Meally, Burke, and Vane. They hatidmifled Hosie and three oh four other men with the handcuffs taken from the polic'e'the day before. They took all ih'e pro. perty they could; Rack on their horses, and destroyed nearly all the rest, because Hosie had given some infor mation to the police. They also stole some of Hosie's hories,'|aud shot others, because they could not catch them, and; then proceeded to . a: public-house a short distance from Hosie's. and remained till ten n m annA i information has just been. received that the bushrangers were seen camped about fifeeitmlles from Bathurst three hours since. These scoundrels hove, been within: twenty, five miles of this town, committing all kinds or depreda tions during tlie last week, and it is firmly believed that Hhe police, froni their dilatory and sluggish proceedings, are afraid of them. Information has reached here that the police abiBonie bushrangers had an affray yesterday at Lambing Flat, and that two of the bushrangers we're shot dead; — r Friday, Septerrilier 25.— The railway meeting, which was held last night, was a great success; The Mayor was in tlie chair, and it was calculated that the number present exceeded 1500. It was a roll.up of the inhabitants. The speeches were most enthusiastically received : and it was determined to hsve the interculonial line of rillwoy through the town; .AlL.classes united in that sentiment. .At the Quarter Sessions, to-day, Win, Vane, Il.urke, end George Cheshire, were tried for stick ing-up several people, ahd acquitted. , FoiBt;s.— Monday; September 21.— The ip\ qwin? notice was posted oik thd Commissioner's ofride tb.day ?— Alluvial gold ..found at pillybong, ihiHy miles irom Forbes. Prospect, seven pennyweights and a-half to two buckets. Depth of shikiiig, tWenty.four Teet: width of gutter, five feet. ' ? ,.. , .,. , JjAUwceston; — September 19, , viaM.MelBourri&r-; Yesterday was a gentry! hplidny, and a public breakfast was given to. those1 menibers of the Assembly who voted for the Laiiii.ceston and Deloraine Railway., In the evening, a monster meeting was held, to inaugurate a Hodaut TowM.-^Septenib'er 18, via Meiboiirae.— Parliament has been adjourned from September 15th to September 29th. i ' BnAliiwooD.— Tuesday, September 22.- Intelligence reached here last night from Moruya that the steamer Mimosa was totally lost on Sunday, off Merimbula. Two lives lost. A fire occurred at Reedtsdale on Kriday night, caused by an incendiary. The escort takes 1582 ozs. 1^ grs. A monster meeting is to be held nest Sunday, to consider,what. course is beat to be adopted with reference to the proprietor of the Observer, in consequence of his remarks about Commissioner Cooper. Yass.— Tuesday, September 22.— William Hickling, lately in the employ of Messrs. Rabone, Fee?, and Co., of Sydney, against whom a warrant was issued in Sydney for embezzlement, was apprehended at Kyamba. .Hick ling assumed the name of Roberts while passing through Yass, and swindled several publicans and a storekeeper. Bendemebr.— Tuesday, September 22.— Eight dig. gers have stalled for the purpose of prospecting on Tonga Creek, and at a place called Tura, nine miles from here. Brisbane.— Tuesday, September 22. -r- Parliament was prorogued to-day. A meeting of persona connected with pastoral pursuits was held at the Queensland Club; The object of the meeting was to take steps to induce the Government to sell the lands on the Darling Downs which they have promised to reserve, A lar*e sum of monty was subscribed to assist in effecting the purposes of the meeting. Purves,,the forger, lias been captured. ? Frjdayi .September 25.— The election for East More tptt takes place tormorro,w: . .A sharp .coutent it ex expected. , Tile ship Sunda;,.Captain. Bragg, willi im. migrants', froni London, arrive^ last liighk, after a passage pf seventy-six daw, beiiig the fastest yet made to this port. . Arrive d : Clarence, frqiri Sydney ? , , ,. WoLtdNGONO. — , Tuesday,. September 22; -Turf Club Races.— Tuesday.-First race.-The Maiden Plate of W i sovereigns) with tt sweepstakes o- 3 sovereigns each added, for all horses ^liat never won. an advertised prize exceeding 20 sovereigns at the time of entrance. Second horse to receive 15 sovereigns from the prike; U miles ; one event. Brisbane,!) Potentate, 2; Prince Charley, S; Action, 4. This was a well contested race, and smartly run. Second race.— The Municipal Town Plate of 50 sovereigns, with a sweepstakes of 2 sovereigns each added, for all horses; second horse to receive the sweeps. Twice round the course; one event. Kildare, 1; George the First, 2 1 Zenobia, 3. This was a fine race. Zenobia ran well at first, and soon cut down Shamrock, and then left Kildare to finish. The weather waa sqnally and rainy. 700 people were oil the course'. New ZBALANb.— .Otago, September 18, via Mel. bourne.— lhej Aldinga, steamer, and Omeo, steamer, arrived to-day from Otago, with dates to September 18. The Aldinga brings 97 passengers, but no gold. The Omeo, 56 passengers aud 20,000 ounces goW. The news from the diggings is to the 14th, but it is unimportant. There was an improvement m tBe quantity of gold brought in by escort; that for, the last fortnight being «i/00 ozs. Seven hundred Immigrants arrived by the Ralph Aberccombie. from London, and tho Mantama, from Glasgow. A Ministerial crisis had occurred; the Catjpll Administration having resigned. A liew Minis, try is formed, with Mr. T. Dick as Provincial Chief Secretary ; and Mr. J. h. Gilles, Treasurer. The High land Lassie, of Newcastle, was wrecked in New River and all hands saved. Mr. Valpy.of the Bank of New South Wales, was stuck-up .betwsen Waipori ,nnd Tuapeka by four armed men in disguise. He was robbed ofLW. The news from Wellington is to the l2th. A D -—?' ?— — ?-- ??? w-w»*ISiwaaB -iuu linavil ill VI|O yj I UvlllUl*. J|l consequence of a settler having been shot with his own revolver, and then buried. Suspicion first fell upon a half-caste arid his rnttiva servants. Thohair.caste fled to his friends, who gave him up immediately to the autho rities^ on demand. ^ Afterwards a European, who is now in custody, was suspected, and this allayed apprehension. The inquest on tlle murdered itian lasted a Wceli. Tlio natives report that the N,gatiruanis hare finished plant ing, and have gone North to join Heli ou an attack on New Plymouth Secretly dt night. Tho districts by Wangnnui, Tuross Rivur, arid Rangetekdi, hive bccii on the r defensive for the pan few weeks, and aro. now free from daiigeri The soldiers who committed a riot at Wellington haVa all been tonvicted, and sentenced to terma.of imprisonment, .varying from two. to nine months, Tbe commercial advices ara considered healthy. The roads are very bad, and cartage very high, consequently, the stfluks of importers are,irioiqasin|». . The. psiiort* maintain a fair average, and the prospbita bf the summer ttade ace good. 