office Courier TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1863. The arrival of a mail from England even when a small summary only of the news brought by it is flashed across from colony to colony by the magic telegraphic wires always a matter of interest to the people in this country. Although most of us determine when landing upon these shores to make our homes in the beautiful country which fringes them, yet there still remains that strong affection for home which dis- tinguishes the Englishman wherever he goes. If he has no relations in his mother" country, he likes to know that friends to whom he has Vjidden at some past time or other a sad and Last Indies, are, to use a common phrase, " still in the land of the living." Or if he has not that, he likes to know whether the little island which gave him birth is still prosperous, or whether through some independent interference on her part who has become embroiled in all the horrors of war. In the one instance, his face beams with pleasure fashion he confesses to be an English- man. In the other, no matter how long the time may be since he left its chalk cliffs, _ he wishes to be again at home to assist in maintaining the supremacy of the country he idolises above every other in the world. Such are the feelings which predominate above all others with Englishmen when reading the " news by the last mail." Fortunately, the Madras, which brought us the latest news is not the harbinger of any future political storm in which England can be exposed to much danger. In her own country everything speaks of prosperity. Distress is decreasing, and government have with ii parental care expressed a readiness to employ thousands of those to whom starvation was becoming the expectation of every day upon works which. whilst employing them, and giving them the means of earning a small pittance will be reproductive. The Derby, as in years gone by, is run for and won. Rowing matches are arranged between the champions of' antipodean countries, and backed by the people of New South Wales? the best man they can produce is sent home to contest a noble struggle, on a noble river, with England's champion. Judging from our telegrams, everything at home appears bright and prosperous. The mother of our future sovereign is well, and the royal widow has left her retirement after the marriage of her eldest son, and has gone to visit her subjects in Scotland. But upon crossing over the narrow channel which separates the little island from the European powers, what do we find? War is foreshadowed. The Bear of Russia is again defying the Lion of England and the Euglo of France. To Russia, freedom is obnoxious it is unknown to her subjects, and consequently it cannot be extended to what was considered a subdued country? to unfortunate Poland. Although there may be no longer a Serisier among them, our telegrams inform us that the Poles are generally successful. Imbued with the spirit which fired them of old they are fighting for their liberty, while their opponents are fighting for despotism only. No wonder then that whilst Prussia is undecided spite of her close connection with England-? France, Austria, and England protest against such an unholy oppression. , Greece, too that land of so many classic associations; the ideal of the school boy the envied spot of the youthful traveller has her little agita- tion, for she disapproves of Prince William, and says all kinds of naughty things against the Danish King. In short, the continent of Europe promises soon to be in a state of convulsion,' to be involved in all the horrors attendant upon an inter- continental war. Proceeding west there is not much change to be seen since the arrival of the latest news via California. One good general is dead, and the Alabama, with an amount of impertinence which is characteristic of her, has burned two British ships. Beyond that, our news is meagre. The great empire of the West is still in a state of disunion, and brothers are armed against brothers, and fathers against their children. But why dwell upon these things ? It is a scene painful as old, and the only sunny spot in reference to the news from America is that England is on good terms with the Northern States, whilst we have no reason to suppose that she has fallen out with the Southerners. How pleasing it is to turn to ourselves after reviewing, through the limited vista opened to us by a sparse telegram, the affairs in the old countries and to find that day after day is adding to our pros- perity that we, dependent upon our selves,<'havo before us the means of establishing a great country, and that we are making good use of our time, and are taking advantage of the splendid opportunities offered to us. The fact that the immigrants which within the last few weeks have been poured in amongst us have been successful, generally speaking, in obtaining employment, is the best advertisement we could publish of our prosperity. 