ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION THIS DAY. air. EDWARD B. MoncOMBE.-At the premises. Oxford street, Collingwood, at twelve o'clock Household furn Pure and miscellaneous goods. Messrs. Gunn and MURRAY.-At their rooms, Collins street, at eleven o'clock-Se ends, shrubs, fruit-trees. c. Mr. J. H. KNIPE At the ground, TJHlo Kent-Street, Richmond, at three o'clock Cottage and land. Mr. JAMES EVANS-At his rooms, Gardiner's Creek road, at three o'clock- Cottage and Undhi Caro line street, South Yarra. XCcs're. R. PERRY and Co.-At their rooms, Collins street t, at eleven o'clock Fruit-trees, shrubs, Se Mr. G K. JOHNSTON.-At his rooms, Bourke-street east, at ton 3 o'clock Household Furniture, and xul&ccllanoonn;, goods ; also, building land at Brunswick. Mr. W. P. BUCKHURST At the ground, corner of Napier-street and Eastern-road, Emerald-hill, at four o'clock Government allotment, with cottage and premises. Kr, ALPKEB BLIER. At the Hotham Arms Hotel, at one o'clock Furniture, fittings, and effects. Mr. ROBERT BYRNE. At the Sandridge beach, at three o'clock Casks, ex Forest Rights. Mr. J. M. BOIAND.-At the ground. Young street, Fitzroy, at three o'clock Allotment of land. sales by AnoUotu MONDAY, AUGUST 17. 186 Trunks Boots and Shoes. Just Landing ex Donald McKay. For Positive Sale. To the Boot and Shoe Trade, Shippers, Dealers, and Others. WADE and GOWAN have been favoured with instructions from the Importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Collins-street rest, on Monday, 17th last-, commencing at eleven o'clock, 188 trunks men's, women's, and children's boots and shoes, of superior manufacture, comprising Ladies' memol, E, Hides, clamps, rail heads 10 To 13 kid, B. Sides, pet. calf, goloshed, welts, and. heels. 6 to 9 do, do, do, pierced heel 16 to 18 cordovan, welts, leather lined Riveted memo], E.S, clump, M.H. Women's Hargate slippers Men's and women's carpet slippers Ladies' sup. kid, E. side, mock button Do satin crepe boots, F 8. Do super, cashmere do, do Children's kid boots Gentlemen's and ladies' slippers OlrlB' Leather Balmorals, 2-6, 6-0, and 10-18 Men's stout wellingtons Do kip bluchers Do calf half wellingtons Do super. E." side boots Gentlemen's Oxonian shoes Boys' and youths' half-wolllngtons Children's fancy leather strap shoes. Samples on view before the sale.? Terms at Sale TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. To Warehousemen, Drapers, Country Storekeepers, Slop Sellers. Milliners, Dealers, and Others. Fancy Drapery, Shawls, Mantles, Hosiery, Straw Hats, and Bonnets, Felt Hats, Slops. WADE and GOWAN have been instructed by the importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 18th inst., commencing at eleven o'clock, A large assortment of goods imported expressly for the wants of this market, and for positive sale, Com prising; Ladies'' cloth and velvet mantles Children's frocks and pinafores Alpacas and Coburgs French merinos and twills Long wool shawls Ladies' and children's underclothing Fancy bonnet ribbons Ladies' fancy belts Children's pelisses and wool hoods Women's white cotton hosiery Men's brown cotton half-hose Ladies' continue stays, and infants' bands White counterpanes Victoria stuff robes Men's lambs wool pants Do Bedford sac coats Do dark Bedford cord trousers Do Booton diagonal woollen twist trousers Dosupet. fancy doe do Do black Bedford Etuis Do super, ribbed cloth for coats Do Som cb. cheviot suits Do super, felt hats Men's and boys' cloth caps Do elastic and cotton braces Do black cloth and tweed vests. The auctioneers call the attention of the trade to the above goods, which are for positive sale. Terms at Sale. "" PRELIMINARY ADVERTISEMENT. To Shipowners and Others interested in the Coasting Trade. JAMES LAWRANCE will SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms. Collins street, on an early day, due notice of which will be given, The rebuilt schooner AGNES, 83 tons N.N. register. This very eligible vessel has been almost rebuilt of the very best materials, without regard to expense. Ser original frame is of Scotch oak, and, on thorough Inspection was found by competent Judges as sound as when cut up. Her bonds are planked with English oak, bottom of lack blich, the fe side coiling oak and pine; is thoroughly copper-fastened, and sheathed with heavy Unntz metal. Her masts, spars, sails, rigging, ironwork, too., are all new. No expense has been spared to make, her a one-class ship in every respect. The cabin is neat and commodious. stands and shifts without ballast and from her extreme light draught of water will prove her to be the most de- ferable little coaster in the colonies. Title. perfect. Terms, liberal, at sale. She is now lying at Wright's Slip, Williamstown, and will be at the Falls in a day or by. or PRELIMINARY ADVERTISEMENT. To Steamship Companies, Shipowners, Private Speen Paton, and Others Engaged in the Coasting rode of the Colonies at Large. J LAWRANCE has received instructions to SELL at Lloyd ? Rooms, on on early day, of which due notice will be given, The beautiful A screw steamer SIR JOHN BURGOYNE, of 150 tons register, 60 horse power, of large carrying capacity, and having very comfortable cabins for a limited number of passengers. Her engines and machinery are made by one of the first London makers. Boiler nearly new. Will be found on inspection to be a most complete and eligible vessel for our coasting Undo, further particulars and terms can be obtained at the rooms of the auctioneer, ~ FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. So Shipowners, and Those Engaged in the New Zealand and Intercolonial Trades. fore-and-aft Schooner ANNIE. JAMES LAWRANCE has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, on Friday, 31st August, at twelve o'clock, The fore and aft British-built schooner ANNIE, 104 tons register, 180 tons burthen, built of checkmated and pitch puto, thoroughly copper-fastened, and sheathed with heavy Belgian zinc her masts and spars and oil now. Her sails are.) almost new. Her hull is In perfect order. This eligible vessel has just been re-built, and on inspection will be found very suitable for any of the _er harbours in the colonies. Her draught of water when loaded is only 7ft, and requires little or no ballast to go to sea with. She is remarkably well suited for the lightering trade of New Zealand, and persons interested in that quarter are respectfully invited to inspect her as she presently Iks in the River Yarra. Title perfect. Terms, very Liberal, at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 26. To Shipowners of Victoria, New South Wales, New Zealand, Tasmania, Sa The fine At Schooner AGNES. JAMES LAWRANCE wil SELL by AUCTION, on board the vessel, lying at the Yarra Falls-bridge Coal Wharf, % The One At British rebuilt schooner AGNES, 83 tons register, leo tons burthen. Bib very eligible vessel has been almost rebuilt, of the very best materials, without regard to expense. Her original frame is of Scotch oak, and, on thorough inspection, was found by competent judges as sound as when set up. Her ends are planked w ill English oak, bottom of Hare birch, the inside colling oak and pine ; is thoroughly copper-fastened, and started with heavy gauge metal. Her masts, spars, sails, rigging, ironwork, We, are all new. No expense has been spared to make her a distress ship In every respect. Her cabin is neat and commodore!. Stands an 1 shifts without ballast and from her extreme light -weighted water will prove them to be the most do treble little coaster in the colonies. Title perfect. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19. TodUveBalo of the Argyle Hotel, Lygon-street, Carlton. XyOrdor of the Mortgagee, with the Consent of the Mortgagor. T BELLIN has been instructed to SELL by AUG II. TION, on the promises on Wednesday next, 30th Inst, at one o'clock, The Argyle Hotel, Lygon-street, Carlton, containing bar, 10 rooms, kitchen, and shod, now occupied by Mrs. Harney, at £180 per annum. The land has 33ft. frontage to Lygon street, by a depth of 32ft. to right-of- way. Title, one remove from the Crown. Terms £600 can remain on mortgage for three years at 10 per cent. interest; balance, half cash, remainder at six months' at 10 per cent. J. Bellin, auctioneer, valuer, and money broker, Kateroy Auction Mart, 00 Gertrude-street. THIS DAY. 20 Oxford-street, Collingwood. Neat Household Furniture, -EDWARD B. MORCOMBE will SELL by AUG JCJ TION, on Saturday, August 16, on the premises, SB Oaf Ord-street, The surplus furniture and effects of a family removing comprising can do it himself carpet, superior easy-chair in hair cloth, patent iron boatload, palliasse and blankets, rocking-chair, washstand and toilet ware, tables, looking-glass, Tender and Irons, engine inga, dinner and break fast services, Kitchen utensils, Ac , Sale at twelve o'clock. is in the 5 to Balts esr Auction. MONDAY, AUGUST 17. . At their New Mart, Bourke-street. Three Palca Lapland Skin Mats. Two Polo of Coir Mats. 1 J LYONS and 0". are instructed by the importer to SELL by AUCTION, at their new mart, Bourke-street, on Monday, 17th inst, at eleven o'clock, 3 bales superior Lapland Ekln nato, And 2 do coir mats Without reserve. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, AUGUST 17. Without any Reserve. LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their new mart, Bourke-street, on Monday, 17th inst., at eleven o'clock, the following goods, without any breed, namely : M within diamond, 10-10 bales ordnance rugs, 2lb, and 4lb. SI-SB-6 do horse rugs 37-41-fi do Witney blankets 42-48- 8 do blue grey blankets 44-46-8 do gentian do, cVc. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, AUGUST 17. Unreserved Sale of Superior Piece Goods. I Just Landed To Wholesale Warehousemen, General Drapers, and Others. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their new mart, Bourke-street, on Monday, 17th inst., ] at eleven o'clock, 26 cases superior piece goods, consisting or 8 cases winceys 2 do muslin dresses, 18 and 20 yards 1 case Cabarets 2 cases linen tablecloths 1 cue French merinoes 2 cases cotton velvets 1 case assorted cotton ribbon 8 cases heavy wincey shirts 1 bale double width greys 1 do Horrock's longcloths 1 cue rough brown. 1 do huckaback Ido aiBOrtedboxes > < 1 do velvet ribbons 2 do assorted straw hats 2 do white cotton shirts 3 do gauze under-shirts 1 do scarlet worsted frocks. Also, SO cartoons sup. flowers. And 80 cartoons feathers, Se. Terms at Sale. By. MONDAY, AUGUST 14 Important Sale of of 78 Cases of First-class Clothing, Made from the Best and Newest Patterns of West of England Clothes To Wholesale Warehousemen, General Clothiers, Country Storekeepers, and Others. J LYONS and Co are favoured with instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their new mart. Bourke street, on Monday, 17th inst., at eleven o'clock. 78 cases first class drapery, clothing and piece goods, the whole of which is described in the following par- colonists, namely, And must be sold without any reserve, 2 cases sup. doeskin trousers S do do vests, to match 8 do black sacs, double stitched and bound 8 do vests to match 8 do Bedford cord trousers 1 case do vests 2 cases pants, strapped 3 do summer clothing, consisting of BOCS, trousers, and vests 2 do sup. pea jackets 8 do pilot trousers 8 bales serge drawers 3 cases yontbB' flannel undershirts 2 do military half hose, Ac Terms at Sale. G G (lay TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. J LYONS and Co. have received Instructions from Moss Isaacs, pawnbroker, 203 Elizabeth street, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, Bourke-street, on Tuesday, August 18, at eleven o'clock, The following unredeemed pledges, consisting of gold and silver watches, chains, rings, brooches, silk and satin dresses, dress pieces, silk and satin shawls, a large quantity of furniture, bedding, men's clothing, c To Showmen and Others. ODO large organ, playing 50 tunes, a large drum, limps, trumpet, and a quantity of paintings for a know little g. 6 To be Sold Without Reserve. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. Fruit Trees, Shrubs, c So Gentlemen laying-out their Grounds, Nursery- men, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from Mr. M. Power to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Saturday, August 16, at eleven o'clock, A choice collection of fruit-trees. Apples, pears, cherries, pines, peaches, figs, apricots, loquats, quinces, nuts, almonds, pomegranates filberts, black and white mulberries. red and green gooseberries ; red, white, or black currants, walnuts. Shrubs. Cypresses, arbor vitae, English laurels, taurus times, oleanders, veronicas, weeping willow, oaks, English elms, poplars, English Ivy, Portugal laurels, Sweet bay, scarlet them, rose, dahlia roots, bulbs, Va, Terms cash. Note Saturday, eleven o'clock sharp. THIS DAY. At Half past Ten o'clock Sharp. To Precede the Sale of Trees. 0 Hilda Seeds Xo Seedsmen, Gardeners, and Others. G BUG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Saturday, 16th August, at half-past ten o'clock sharp, To precede the rate of shrubs, 6 hhds. seeds, consisting of Long pod bishop's dwarf pens, early nimble, Newington wonder French beans, long pod Windsor do Early hope cabbage, drumhead Savoy Turnip radish, hollow crown parsnip Altringham carrot > White mustard, rape seed Mangold wurtzel, rod celery Onion Garden Seeds, &c.; Terms at Sale. MONDAY, AUGUST 17. At Eleven o'clock. At the Spencer-street Railway Station. Surplus Stores of Ship Star of India. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Bhipchandlors, and Other . GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by Messrs. Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome to SELL by AUCTION, at the Spencer-street Railway Station, on Monday, 17th August, at eleven o'clock, The surplus stores of ship Star of India, consisting 1 Oatmeal Split POSB Limejuice , Raisins ?- - - Fruits Vinegar, Co. . No reserve. [ _Terms-Cash._i TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. ' Manilla cheroots, Genuine Havannah Cigars, Loteh ford's Wax Vestas. <. To Tobacconists, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, 10,000 genuine Havannah cigars, in boxes 100 £000 Manilla cheroots li coses Letchford's wax vestas, 250ft., 10 gross each. for me at Sale TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. Sherry Wine, in bulk and case. Port Do in bulk. Just Landed. No Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions VX from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock. Ex Revenue, 100 Rosey White Soak three star sherry, in bond, duty paid 12 quarter-casks Sandoman'a threo-dlamond'port wine 12 do Hunt's do do 3 do Foroster'a do do 4 hhds. Oflley's do so 8 quarter-casks do do do 20 hilda. Crown sherry 20 quarter-casks do do. Terms, Liberal, at Sale, TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. CIS Boxes Full weight Candles, cash 25 packages. More or Less Damaged by Sea water. On Account of Whom it May Concern. ' To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, Ex Ourust, from Rotterdam, £10 boxes full weight candles, each 25 packages, packed in chests. More or loss damaged by sea-water. Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern.; No reserve _Terms-Cash._ TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. 23 half-barrels Dried Apples. 113 quarter-barrels Do. On Account of Whom it May Concern. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. , GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, this day, Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, Ex Not the America, ' 118 quarter-barrels dried apples 28 half-barrels do. ' For the benefit of whom it may concern, No reserve R Xemtt-Cash._ 1 TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. A 80 Barrels Prime Patras Currants. Just Landed, in Fine Order. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Fruiterers, and Others, GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, Ex Donald McKay, j £0 barrels prime Patras currants. Splendid sample. , Terms, liberal, at sale. 1 The above are now landed, and may be obtained In, lend or duty paid, 5 to And By x 6 to An; G day I IG that I o'cli IP j cask 1 x i sa , juries and I -want > show 1 Are ' bull White J story I hob j where I l"ss. j acres and F i sKin 1 « 1 tom 14.1 will \t same same v T J fact Sales by Auction. TUESDAY, AUGUST in Train's, Dunphy's-, and London and Colonial 00.19 Stout, Brandy, Dark and Pale, c So Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, a Ex Blackwater, Just landing, SOO cases Byass's porter 176 do London and Colonial Co a stout SO do Dunphy's stout. Also, S hhds. Gustavo Edouard bran y, dark 10 quarter-casks Joncquel more. do, do 2 hhds. Imperial do, do 25 quarter casks do, do 6 do do, pale S do support wine in bond) 1 hhd. mixing brandy, dark. Tears at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 28. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. 19 Cases Liquorice, 19th and 20th. each. All Faults. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. G BUG and MURRAY have received instruction, from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, Ex Express, I 12 cases liquorice, 2001. each . 87 do do, 100. do. I More or less damaged by sea-water. Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms Co. brass TUESDAY, AUGUST 18 New Goods. Just Landed, ex Tinto, Attila, Star of India, and Forest BIRMs Honan's Cork Butter, Robinson's York Hams, Patras Sr" Currants, Eleme Raisins, Figs. I for" To Grocers, Fruiterers, Storekeepers, and Others. , j¿X G BEG and MURRAY have received Instructions' from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at i J their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, Ex Star of India, 160 firkins Honan's Cork butter, in cloth. Ex Forest Rights, 20 cases Robinson's prime York hams. Ex Time, 128 barrels prime Patras currants 200 boxes prime Eleme raisins i cues prime figs. Ex AUlla, 50 barrels prime Patras currants 60 cases do do. - All in splendid order, just landed. Terms at Sale. F" B3 < live 1473 To F and 6 TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. Castor Oil, Tartaric Add, Carraway Seeds. To Grocers, Chemists, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, £2 cases castor oil, half pints 10 do do, pints fi do tar tarlo acid, 28th. jars 20 do carraway seeds. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. 83 Chests Congou Tea, Ex Notes. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tues. day, August 18, at twelve o'clock, Ex Notes, Sound, Bec. 140-21 chests congou tea, 3lb. 168-19 do do, 031. Slightly Dsmsscd, Sec. 110-10 chests congou tea, 8lb. 162-80 do, 621. To close accounts. Terms Liberal. TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. 18 Cases Liquorice, 2000 each. 10 Do Do, 100. each. All Faults. To Grocers, Chemists and Druggists, and Others. ft BUG and MURRAY have received instructions: VJT to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, 5 cases liquorice, 2001. each 18 do do 100 lb. each. More or less damaged by sea-water. No rose. vo. Terms-Cr in. their Augt TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. Whybrow's half-pint Salad Oil JJ. V. Bisudy, V. H. Geneva, Byopa's i re, To Grocers, Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 18th August, at twelve o'clock, 100 cases Whybrow's half-pint salad oil. Also, 20 hhds United Vineyards brandy, pale £50 cases V. H. and Co.'s geneva 60 cases Byass's ale Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. Oatmeal, Pearl Barley, Butter, Pipes, Whiting, Herrings, Ac. GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 13, at twelve o'clock, 800 boxes tobacco pipes £6 casks, each 20 t, genuine Scotch oatmeal 1 42 do, do best, pearl barley £0 Arkins Cork butter £0 half-barrels white herrings 6 tons whiting. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. At Twelve o'clock sharp. 400 Bags Danish Oats. Bags slightly Stained, To Contractors', Livery-stable Keepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 18th August, at twelve o'clock, Ex Asia, from Hamburg, tOO bags Danish oats. More or less damaged by sea-water. No reserve Terms Cash TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. Primo Patras Currants. Pearl Barley. Split Peas To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. a GREIG and MURRAY have received instructions from Messrs. E F. Sichel and Co. (in liquidation) to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, 280 lambs prime Patras currants i 118 casks pearl barley, bout each, 40 do split peas, 2cwt each I Terror at Sale. FBt COI Í,lRi 1 to street o'clock TI TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. 1400 BOXOB Petrolea Candles, cash 25 packages. All TheRE, if any. By Order of Messrs. E F. Sichel and Co., in i Liquidation. ! To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received his tractions from Messrs. E. F Sichel and Co. (in liquidation) to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, £50 boxes candles, Bongel's Victoria 690 do do, Bougei'a Imperial £00 do do, Bougol'x L'Etoile. All faults, It any. For unreserved sale. Tul ms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Others. G REIS and MURRAY have received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, 5 cases Havannah Bhopod Martillas, each 10,000 3 do do cheroots, each 12,000. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10. 100 Cases and Bales Paper. To Stationers, Printers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 10th August, at twelve o'clock, 100 CSBCB and bales pipe-. Full particulars prior to take. Being at the Rttwe A A Thow riods £E0p< Ims wells could corded The from that of with not or in the ThE. Crown urged Fgerti THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15. I At Twelve o'clock. Important Notice. PARR and LUXMOORE have received instructions from Messrs George and Frank Marchant to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their Exchange Auction Mart, Adelaide, on Thursday, October 16, at twelve o'clock, The ARKABA STATION, _ With all improvements, and about 27,000 sheep, [ particulars as follow The run com pi isca leases Nos. 465, 70 (portion of), SHA, 447,408 (portion of), 420, 408, 628, Including an area of about 276iqu»ro miles, more or less, of healthy, undulating and 11 <htl) timbered country, permanently value watered in all sections, assessed to carry nearly 86,009 Ban sheep, and distant only 80 miles from Part Port Augusta. The sheep consist of about 3200 ewes, full-mouth 1600 do, rl ing full-mouth £480 do, six tooth 1067 do, four-tooth 2010 do, two-tooth 2000 do maidens 4096 wethers, four-tooth 3044 do, two-tooth 6600 mixed lambs of this season 218 rams 468 ration flocks. Total. 27,300, more or less. The Improvements Aromostcomploto, consisting of commodious stone. start mill dwellinghouse of six rooms, with detached _ kitchen and cellar, overseer's house and kitchen, stone ' store cart shed, stable, (milby, men's kitchen and THE. p huts, paddock, stock and drafting yards, stone wool shed of the most improved construction, with screw press, and all requisites for shearing a greatly inclined number of sheep, with kitchens and also Pulpit accommodation, 20 out-stations with yards complete, and 17 400 gallon iron tanks. The Working Stock. 14 station horses, two drays and 20worktng-bullocki, four hose-carts, water cart, improved iron tank, about 14 head dairy cattle, the whole of which, together with the improvements as above detailed wld be given in to the purchaser. Stores at a valuation. ¡Term«.-Onc-tblrd cash; remainder at one, two, and three years bearing interest at eight per cent, per annum. Plans may be inspected, and further particulars ascertained, on application to the auctioneers. TION 1 18th i A Indi shown Blderei purpose remuE FREE McBolt o'clock TI The to the in a | quite 'a gale. I Sales by Auction. MONDAY, AUGUST 17. Plated and Fancy Goods. Ex Revenue. For Unreserved Sale. FRASER and COHEN have" received instructions ~ to SELL by AUCTION, at their upper rooms, 88 Oolllna-artraet west, on Monday, 17th August, at' Eleven o'clock precisely, Ex Revenue, A large invoice of plated got ds, comprising- - Electro-plated cruet-, four, five six, and seven bottles , Do cake baskets Bo breakfast cruets " So chamber candlesticks Do nutcrackers Do revolving cruets Do salvers Do chased salts Do tea and coffee services Do kettles and stands Do snuffers and trays Do hot- water jugs Do table forks and spoons Do Dessert do Do liqueurs Do pickle-frames Knives and forks i Tentraya I Whips, Ate Terms at Bolong MONDAY, AUGUST 17. At the Messrs. Fanning. Nankivel), and Co.'s Bond j Spencer-street, Immediately after the Solo of Cossl I pore Sugar ex A, H. Badger, I To Close Accounts-", ox Danube. I 1473 Bags of Mauritius Sugar, Browns and Fine I Counters. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. ! FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions l X. from the importers, Messrs. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at their Bonded I Stores, Spencer-street, on Monday, 17th August, immediately after the sale of Cossipore sugar ox A. H. 1 Badger, To close accounts, ex Danube, j 1478 bags of Mauritius sugars, browns and coun- ters. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, AUGUST 17. On Account of Whom it May Concern. More or Less Damaged by Sea water. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Monday, 17th August, at eleven o'clock precisely, More or less damaged by sea-water, 1 case of Embroidered I carry Dottos Do Fitn oo of Wales do Do opera do. Terms Cash. MONDAY, AUGUST 17. At the Bonded Stores of Messrs. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co., Spencer street. Damaged Portion of the Cargo of the A. H. Badger, from Calcutta. £81 Bags No. 1 Cossipore Sugar, each 1 cwt. All Faults. Account Whom it May Concern. And Immediately Afterwards, at Fraser and Cohen's Stores, Collins-street, Ex Same Ship, Rico, Oats, Calcutta Lines. All Faults. Account Concerned. To the Merchants and Traders Generally of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine-, Beechworth, co. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the Importers, Messrs. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co, to SELL by AUCTION, at their Bond, Spencer-street, on Monday, 17th August, at eleven o'clock precisely, The damaged portion of the cargo of the A. H, Badger, from Calcutta, consisting of FN, 204 bags No. 1 Cossipore sugar, each I cwt., more or less damaged by sea-water, and sold for account of whom it may concern. And immediately afterwards, at the rooms of the auctioneers, Ex same vessel, FN, 610 bags Patna rice, each 7 cwt, 809 do oats, each 1 cwt. 7 packages Calcutta lines. All more or less damaged by sea-water, And sold for account of whom it may concern. Also, account ship, FN, 82 bags Patna rice, each 7 cwt Damaged by castor oil. Terms at Sale MONDAY, AUGUST 17. Saddlery, Ironmongery, Plated Goods, Steel POM, Glassware, Guns, Vestas, ki. Ex Revenue. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their upper rooms, IS Collins-street west, on Monday, 17th August, at eleven o'clock precisely, Ex Revenue, , 60 packages of the following goods, Without reserve, Ex Revenue. Gentlemen's all-over-hogjhin saddles, complete Leather head collars Waggoners' whips Electro-plated dish covers Do cruets Do revolving do Do butter coolers Do till mugs and cups Do chamber candlesticks Do wicker note baskets Do gig and carriage lamps Copper powder flasks Oak japanned cash boxes ultramarine blue colour , Block tin dish covers Cover. maters' beading ' ' double-barrel guns Turkey cup sponge Boxwood mica I, Measuring Tapes Cut-glass decanters Do wine glasses - Bright mail axles Vesta matches Jockey whips Gig do Iron weights, 4lb. down. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 28. For Positive Sale. i Bouverie street Hotel, Bouverie-street North Melbourne. To Speculators, Persons Seeking Investments, and Others FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions! to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 Collins street west, on Tuesday, 18th August, at twelve o'clock precisely. The Bouverie street Hotel, situated in Bouverie street, North Melbourne, containing 10 rooms, built of bluestone, brick, is, now let to a respectable tenant. e, Title guaranteed. To persons seeking Investments the above offers a first-rate opportunity, being in the immediate neighbourhood of the Carlton and night's Steam Flour mills. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. ' Unreserved Sale of A Valuable Freehold Property, Situate at Ballan, Being Allotment No. 1 of Section 4, in the Town of Ballan, 6 Together with of The Premises erected thereon, And lately occupied by Her Majesty's Government, at a Police Station and Firrack. ' FRASER and COHEN are favoured with instructions from the proprietors to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Collins street, on Tuesday, 18th inst., at twelve o'clock, All that valuable town property, situate at the corner of Simpson and Cowle streets, Ballan, containing as per Crown grant half an-hour, and on which are erected the following premises, viz.: A snug weatherboard house of four rooms dining and bedroom, kitchen and parlour, three-stall stable, * Together with i A large store. Silt, by 28ft. The whole of which was occupied up to a recent period by the police authorities at a nominal rental of 50 per annum. Immediately at the rear of the building there It a well-stocked garden, and which by a little outlay could be converted into one of the neatest kitchen gardens in the district, The auctioneers acting t list of ore under instructions from the proprietor, have much pleasure in stating that the property will be sold to the highest bidder without reserve, and have also to state that there is not another parcel of such valuable ground to be sold in the whole of the township. This property originally cost the grantee from the Crown in its erection £600, and from its position, by Irgsltuato on the direct road to the Gordon, Mount Egerton, Blackwood, and Ballarat gold-fields. Terms at sale. Title, Grant from the Crown TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. By Order of the Proprietor. To Quarrymen, General Contractors, Or Markotgardcnors. ' Valuable Suburban Allotment of Land, situate on the Bank of the Yarra, being Lot 175 of Portion 3?, Parish of Jika Jika, as per plan, FRASER and COHEN are favoured with Instruc- tions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 18th August, at twelve o'clock, ' All that piece or parcel of land, being Lot 176 of Portion 28, parish of Jika Jika, having a frontage of 30ft to River- street by a depth of 380ft. and another frontage to the Yarra of -ft. Indications of a rich mineral deposit have already shown themselves on this property ; but whether cot Bldercd as adapted for agricultural, mineral, Or other purposes, it is ccrWu that the purchaser will be fully remunerated, Inasmuch as he can purchase without reserve. Terms at Sale, TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. The Egremont Hotel, containing 10 rooms, situated j at Northcote. j To Speculators, Hotelkeepers, and Others.. J FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions! to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 18th August, nttwoHo o'clock precisely, The Egremont Hotel, Northcote, Scott of blue- stone, and finished in a most superior manner ; contains 12 apartments, with commodious stables, outhouses, to. 7 hero is a taproom attached, but distinct from the hotel. The attention of hotelkeepers and others is called to the above tote, at the hotel is faithfully built and In a good situation. Intending purchasers are requested to inspect the property prior to the day Of tale. Terms at Sale. in TRIM by Auction, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18. At the Hobson's Bay Railway Shed. Ex Queen of the South. 20 COSCB SUgo Hams. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION; at the Hobson's Bay Railway Shed, on Tuesday, 18th August, at eleven o'clock precisely, Ex Queen of the South, 20 cases Sligo horns. In prime order and condition. Terms at Sale. _ TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. At the Hobson's Bay Railway Shed. Ex Agincourt, 160 Tons Coarse Salt To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at the Hobson's Bay Railway Shed, on Tuesday, 18th. August, at eleven o'clock precisely, Ex Agincourt, 160 tons coarse salt. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. Important and Unreserved Sale of one of the most Improving Freehold Properties in Melbourne. To the Capitalists of Victoria, Trustees of Minors' Estates, and Others desirous of investing their Capital in the Purchase of First-class Productive Properties, situate in one of the greatest thoroughfares of the city. FRASER and COHEN have much pleasure in announcing Instructions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Collins- street, on Tuesday, 18th inst., at twelve o'clock, All that truly valuable freehold property situate at the corner of Swanston and Little Flinders] streets, in the city of Melbourne, and which has a frontage of 72ft. to Swanston-street, by a depth of 98ft. to Little Flinders-street, be the same more or less, and on which are erected (the following promises : No. 1\. At the corner, in the occupation of sir. Marsh, paperhanger and decorator. No. 2. Swanston-street, at present occupied by Mr. Jamieson, as a general warehouseman. No. 8. Swanston-street, occupied by Mr. Burt, as a corn factor. No. 4. Occupied by Mr. Parker, as a general whitesmith, etc. The whole of which command at the present time a rental which, under circumstances, may be computed at as equivalent to 16 per cent, on the anticipated value of the property. For the present it may be sufficient to say that this valuable freehold property is situate in Swanston. street, and fronts the leading thoroughfare to the Melbourne,, Hobson's Bay, St. Kilda, and Brighton Ball ways. The terms, which will be declared at Sale, will be liberal, the title will be guaranteed, and the property will be cold to the highest bidder. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10. Congou Tea, in chests, halves, and Boxes, Ex OF Lossing, Algernon, and Various other Ships. Mauritius Sugars, Grainy Yellow (Browning Sorts), and Crystals. To the Merchants and Traders Generally of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beech, worth, so FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions) to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 604 lins-street west, on Wednesday, 19th August, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, About 1000 packages Congou Tea, in chests, halves', and boxes, ex OF Leaving, Algernon, and various other ships, to be sold to clear accounts. Also, 1200 bags Mauritius sugars, grainy yellow browing to its and crystals. Musters of the teas and sugars will be on view at the rooms prior to the sale. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, AUGUST 20. Martell's Brandy. Vinogrowera' Do. Central Vineyard s Do. Fiesant's Do. Compagnie Imperial. Offley's Port, Also Vino Do. First-class Sherries, Geneva, Rum, case. ? To the Merchants and Traders Generally of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beechworth, so. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers, Messrs. White Brothers and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. 88 Col Ima street west, on Thursday, 20th inst., at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, An extensive assortment of wines and spritsail under, viz. IShbds. Vinegrowers' brandy, dark 100 quarter-casks do do, do 10 hands, do do, pale £0 quarter-casks do do, do 1000 cases do do, do 25 hhds. Martell's do, do 20 quarter-casks do do, do 860 cases do do, do 8 hhds. Central Vineyard's do, dark 20 quarter-casks do do, do 10 hhds. do do, pole 10 quarter-casks do do, do 20 hhds. Picsant's do, dark 40 quarter casks do, do ," 20 hhds. Imperial do, do £50 cases Compagnie Imperials do 20 hhds. Offley's single grape port wine ' ' 60 quarter-casks do do 80 hhds. do double do do , 60 quarter-casks do do 40 hhds. do treble do do 70 quarter-casks do do 10 hhds. do quadruple do do t 's j £0 quarter-casks do do ' ' 2 ' ' 240 hhds. Alto Vino treble do do 100 quarter casks do do 60 quarter casks XXX sherry , 40 do Dundas hill whiskey ; , £00 coses Kirkliston do , 700 do V. H. & Co.'s geneva 1000 do B. 5 v. do £00 do Burnett's old tom 060 do Swain Boord's do £0 hhds. high strength rum 20 do do do do. The auctioneers invite the particular attention of the trade to the above assortment of really first-class wines and spirits, the whole of which. bring direct shipments to the vendors, are of guaranteed quality. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 13. To Hotelkeepers, Dealers, and Others. Confiscated Property. By Order of L A. Moody, Esq., Chief Inspector of Distilleries. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, in rear of the office of the Chief Inspector of Distilled les, King-street, Melbourne. on Tuesday next, the 18th August, 1863, at twelve o'clock precisely, The undermentioned confiscated goods, viz. : horse, spring-cart, and harness 8 copper boilers 2 Iron do 20 old hhds. 3 do tubs, stoves, iron bars, and furnace doors American and copper pump, pc 1931\. old copper, 1621 lead piping 718\. brewers' sugar 1 case porter, 1 do whiskey Case mixed liquors, gin, ye O kegs spirits, 6 tin packages do. 5 cases tobacco. Terms Cash on the Fall of the Hammer. THURSDAY, AUGUST 20. To Townsfolk, South Geelong. Town Allotment No. 16, of Section No. 6. A Fine Old Grant of May, 1880, Granted under the Seal of His (then) Excellency Sir George Gipps, c, New South Wales. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Thursday, the 20th August, 1888, on the ground, South Geelong, at one p.m. precisely, All that allotment or parcel of land situate in the town of South Geelong, parish of Corio, county Grant, Allotment 16, Section 6, having 66ft frontage to Fyaw street, by 380ft. in depth. It will be Sold without reserve. Terms most Reasonable. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. To Newly arrived Immigrants. By Order of the Mortgagee. An Excellent Little Farm. Lately in the Possession of Mr. Muir. Viz. 56a. 80., all Enclosed. To Persons Anxious to Secure a Small Farm near Town. MR. STUBBS is favoured with Instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his auction rooms, Collins-street. on Friday, the 21st August, at twelve o'clock precisely, All that piece or parcel of land, containing by admeasurement 56a. 30p., parish Nunawading, being Allotment A of Portion £7. adjoining the reserve originally granted to Wm. Oliver, and subsequently brought into a very fair state of cultivation by Mr. Muir. Immediate possession. Terms, liberal, at sale. Title perfect. Note. Considerable interest has been taken in the w elf are of the province of Victoria In England; and in all pro- ability it will come in for a very gross shore of preference In the plans inaugurated by our own Victorian Com mitten and the National Emigra- tion Society. Now is the time, therefore, to invest in every description of freehold property FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. Important Sale of Valuable Selections of Rich Agricultural and Pastoral Land near Dandenong, known as the Watercourse Paddocks 78a. Sr. loo. Part of the Estate of the Late T. Morgan. MR. STUBBS Is favoured with Instructions to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at his rooms, 81 Collins street, on Friday, the 21st August, sale at twelve o'clock precisely, The above particularly valuable properties, In the following lots .. Long. 80a. 2r. 30p. Portion 16, parish of Narree Warren, having frontages to permanent Government roads, on the N. and S. sides, of 83 chains and 89 chains respectively, by a depth of 61 chains. Lot 2. 878 acres, adjoining Portion 16 on the W., parish Narree Warren, and on all other sides having a frontage to Government roads. Lot 3. A fine freehold property at Boroondara, Portion A, of Sec 2, containing 103 acres, bounded on the north by a Government road, and on the south by the Kooyong-koot Creek. Note.-ThteoWatercouriO Paddocks will be easily recognized by those who are at all acquainted with the reporters and selections of the late Mr. T. Dorgan, and whoever buys them wUt possess states that they too turn to good account and never want to part with. The terms are very lenient-vii., one-third cash; and the residue at four, eight, and 12 months', boar, ins; 10 per cent. Title First-rate. Sales by Auction. FRIDAY, AUGUST U. Important Sale of Two Very Choice Building Allotments, Hawthorn-hill. Fort 1 the Original Subdivision of the well-known Estate of J. D. Pinnock, Esq., late. MR. STUBBS has received instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street, on Friday, August 31, Solo at twelve o'clock precisely, 2 very choice villa building allotments, Hawthorne hill, adjoining the residence of E. G. Harrison. Esq , branch Inspector Bark Victoria, Terms at sale. Title first-rate. After which, 8 allotments, township of Kyneton 1 allotment, do of Malmesbury 10 acres, Carlsruhe. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. ' A Good Investment i City Property. Little Bourke-street, opposite the Governor Arthur atna Kirk's Bazaar, Now Occupied by Mr. Smith, Butcher, Abc, The Premises at the back, having 40ft frontage to Wright-street, by 60ft. in depth, with the whole of the Buildings erected thereon MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Friday, the 21st Inst, at his rooms, 81 Collins-street west, at twelve o'clock precisely, All that most eligibly situated and well-known butcher's shop, dwelling-house, and promises, situate at the corner of Little Bourke and Wright streets, the opposite corner to the Governor Arthur, and (immediately in front of Kirk's Horse Bazaar. Note-The person who buys it may be assured of a handsome remuneration in his outlay, as It is calculated for most important advantages in the extension of the butchering business. After which, Lot 2. The freehold premises In the rear, having 66ft.' frontage to Wright-street, by Suit in depth, with dwelling house and extensive stables attached. Terms, liberal, at sale. Title Unexceptionable. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. I Fine Building Allotment, 1 Carlton. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION; at his rooms, 81 Collins street west, on Friday, August 2, at twelve o'clock, , 28ft. frontage to Elgin-street by 33ft. in depth, situate 66ft, or thereabouts from the corner of ; Rathdowne-street and Egan- street. ' Title, Crown Grant 1 TUESDAY, AUGUST 26. To Hotelkeepers in Town, the Suburbs, and in the Country, Storekeepers, and Dealers. SOO Bbds. of the Colonial Company's Burton Ale. In Lots to Suit Purchasers. in Prime Condition, In Cleve's, Colo's, andTcJe'a Bonded Warehouses Terms- Under £25, cash ; above that Sum, Approved Bills at Two Months'. MR. ETUBRSls inst. noted to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Tuesday, 25th last., to commence at Clove's Bonded Stores, corner of King and Lonsdale streets, at twelve o'clock precisely, 300 Kilda, of brilliant bodied Burton, In the following order, to suit both large and small buyers, viz. Lot 1-6 bids. Lot 2-6 do Lot 8-6 do Lot 4-6 do Lot 6-6 do Lot 0-6 do Lot 7-6 do Lots 8,0, and 10-6 do each Lots 11,12, and 18-6 do each Lots 14,16, and 16-6 do each Lots 17, 1836, and 20-6 do each Lots 21, 22, 28, 24, and 26-10 do do Lots 20, 27,28, 29, 80-10 do do Lots 82,83, 34, 36, and 800 do do lots 87,88, 38, 40, and 41-10 do do. Orders from the country to purchase attended to. MONDAY, AUGUST 17. 160 Head of Prime Fat Cattle. DALMAHOY CAMPBELL and Co. will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Market-yards, T Flemington, on Monday, the 17th August, at one o'clock, 160 head of prime fat cattle, of the well known . F.F. brand, from the station of William Robert- 5 a son, Esq., Colac TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. Prime Fat Cattle. DALMAHOY CAMPBELL and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at the Flemington Yards, on Taxi. day, the 18th inst., ! 160 head prime fat cattle, from the runs of Messrs. Mickle and Lyall, Western Port THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8. First-class Sheep Station, on the Darling River. 400 Square Miles. Together with 4607 Sheep, 2600 Lambs, and 208 Cattle. DALMAHOY CAMPBELL and Co. have received instructions front J. A. Smith, Esq., of Bathurst, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at Morton's Hotel, on Thursday, 8th October, at two o'clock, The YANDA STATION, Comprising Moodana, 10 miles by 6 Back Mendana, de Mendana back run, do Back of Back Moodana, 10 miles by 10 Outer Wools Wools, 10 miles by G Outer Qumhall, do Back Monwonga, 10 miles by fl Back Jandra, 10 miles by 6 Together with, 4607 sheep 2500 lambs 200 cattle. These runs are situated on the east bank of the Darling, about 20 miles below Fort Bourke, having TO miles' river frontage, past which the steamers ply regularly. They contain an area of 400 square miles of first-class grazing country, equal to any on the river ; every acre is available, and by securing back water they would be enabled to carry a very large number of sheep. The Improvements are above the average, and comprised a seven-roomed house, nearly new ; stock yard, sheep yard?, huts, to. ; also, three paddocks, fenced with posts and was, Ac The rents and assess- ments are low, and the auctioneers would draw the attention of parties seeking investments of this description to the following advantages The stock is sound, the country healthy, an 1 well adapted for sheep, and there is room to increase to a, very large extent without overstocking, which is very rarely the case with irons offered for sale. The terms and all other particulars can be obtained from the auctioneers, at whose offices a plan of the country can be seen THIS DAY. At Three o'clock prompt. By Order of the Mortgagee. Richmond, Position Pleasant and Respectable Land 60 by 120 and small Cottage, Up! Price 12S. JH. KNIPE is authorized to SELL, on the ground, this afternoon, at three o'clock precise)), An allotment of land, having 66ft. frontage to Kent-street, by a depth of 420ft. to Little Event street, on which is erected a small wooden dwelling. ! The above is situated about 160 yards out of the Star and Garter Hotel, upset price, £25 Title guaranteed. ; Note Knipe's celebrated red flag will be hoisted on the ground. Be sure and attend. You will be surprised at the pleasantness and respectability of the neighbourhood. WEDNESDAY AUGUST 10. Important to Milliners, Dressmakers, Jewellers, Country Storekeepers, Private Families, and Others. : Great Auction, Unreserved. In the Insolvent Es; late Of 6 us to us Hirsch. JH. KNIPE is authorized to SELL by AUCTION, at twelve o'clock, on Wednesday next, at the O ty Mart, opposite the Theatre Royal, Bourke-street, Large and superior stock of silks, eating; elegant Jewellery, gold and silver watches, stated are ; French merinoes, coburgs, mantles, relieves, worsted and silk damask ; feathers, ribbons, hats, bonnets, so. The whole positively without reserve. Terms 25 per cent, cash on the fall of the hammer ; balance within 24 hours from the time of sale, Note Wednesday next, at Knipe's City Mart MONDAY, AUGUST 17. At Eleven o'clock prompt. 48 Gertrude-street, Fitzroy, opposite Rokeby hall. To Persons Supplying Bizaarc, Shopkeepers, and Others. , Toys and Fancy Goods. Also, Concertinas, Jewellery, Clocks, etc, left for repair between August, 1868, and May, 1867. WH. NAYLOR and Co. have received doctrine ? tions from Mr. G. Harrison to SELL by AUCTION, as above, The retail stock of toys and miscellaneous fancy goods, glass cases and contents, mechanical do 1 1 do crying mamma and papa, and chimney ornaments, large cedar drawers, c Also, Goode left for repairs TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. At Eleven o'clock prompt. Preliminary Announcement. The Household Furniture of a Gentleman, removed to rooms for absolute sale. WH. NAYLOR and Co. have received instruct. . lions to SELL by AUCTION, at the next, 60 Napier-street, on Tuesday, August 18, at twelve o'clock, The whole of the household furniture of a gentleman, removed to rooms for absolute sale. Full particulars on Monday. POSTPONED till FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. j Risk of Whom it May Concern. j M'CAW and ANOTHER will SELL, at the ( . Royal Horse Bazaar, on Friday, 21st inst., at i twelve o'clock, A number of buggies, waggons, whitechapel, dogcarts, its. Also, A few sets harness, i And A lot of miscellaneous at tides not cleared at their last sale. The whole to be sold Without Reserve TUESDAY, AUGUST 25. , To Dairymen and Private Families. First-class Dairy Cows. I M'CAW and ANOTHER have been instructed I . byMo3En. Go go And James Young to SELL by AUCTION, at the Old England Hotel, Heidelberg, on Tuesday, August 26, at her K 2. o'clock, 1.30 splendid dairy cows, free of all disease, and in 1 full profit, 17 of them being newly calved, and the remainder close to calving. To The above are a really first-class lot, all very quiet, J mud well worth the attention of private families, dairy- J men and others. ] No Reserve. A E COX and X I of ( ; acre acre I pass I can ! the ' lying stem the acre He did the tion for Cats come to! Yul Effie Mrs M Al Yan A SUM by Auction. MONDAY, AUGUST is To Warehousemen, Wholesale and Retail Clothiers ) Battery, "porters to the Adjacent Colonies, an? t ! Judo sale of Clothing and Hats from the West Haran Houses of a 1 Moses, Son, and Davis. , Moses Levy, and Co., 4 I H.E. and M. Moses, G And , A and D. Bammann. Now Landing ex Donald McKay, Tinto, Omar Pasha. ! and Queen of the South. T JOHN LEVY and SONS are Instructed by Bro consigned to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. 14 Collins street west, on Monday, August 17, at half. I am ten o'clock precisely, Ex Queen of the South, G R R Co , fee 760-68-4 cases each 150 pairs boys' and youths Bolt mole trousers 764-0-8 do do 60 pairs gentlemen's fancy doe trousers 1767, 768-2 do do 50 pairs do super, do do 750, 760-Sdoboya'andyoutbs'fancydoo traders. Ex Omar Pasha. H and B over S in square, 600-2-3 cases, each 100 pairs, men's mUlers' mole, trousers, says, doeskin cut, stitched, and the seam?, spring bottoms £08-1 case, His pairs, men's do do, extra quality, do " £04-1 do, 100 pairs, youths' millers' more strong more 606-6-2 do, 160 pairs, boys" and youths' do £07-1 do, 100 pairs, men's [do, machine makes extra quality, treble crowns 2584 do, 60 pairs, millers' mole', Buxton cut £09-1 do, 64 pairs, facey diagonal twist tweed trousers, Buxton cat, says 610-1 do, 88 pairs, men's diagonal fancy cheviot i Matlock cut, fly trousers 611-1 do. 12 dozen men's woven Crimean shirts, assorted patterns, collars and bands 612-1 do, 27 Union's fancy velvet faced beaver Brighton suits, assorted 618-1 do, 60 men's blue, black, or brown over. a table Brighton says, edges bound, diagonal branch fore parts and curls 614-1 case, 12 dozen men's woven Lachlan tweed'. Crimean shirts, assorted shades, with collars 616-1 do, 80 men's reversible Drab Devon deals angola American pea jackets, diagonal braid? fore part and cuffs, fancy stitched 616-1 do, 80 men's sealskin Derby rose, linen,, sateen bound, bodies quitted, 4s; 10 blue? beaver do, do 617-1 case, 160 men's super, dark fancy now I vests 618-1 case, 60 men's black cloth Brighton BBCSL. lined alpaca, edges donble-stltt-hed, . Ex Donald McKay, 1 F. W S Co in square, 227-1 case, 81 heavy WItney Inverness capes 228-1 do, 16 grey and blue do do 229-1 do, £8 men's fancy tweed trousers £80-1 do, 28 men'areversible Melbourne jackets 281-1 do, 40 men's blue pilot Lion per do SS2 2882 cases, 40 men's fancy rib beaver do 284-1 case, 40 men's pilot pea jackets 285-1 de, 80 extra quality do do 286-1 do, 27 mon's line faced beaver pea jackets 287-1 do, 10 men's blue pilot pea jackets. Ex Tinto. 1 A. and D B over B in triangle, 268-281-18 cases A. D. Baumann's superior hats comprising Men's felt hats, square crowns, brown slate, black and fawn Do do, leather bound and leather lined, monses. slate, black, and brown Do French do assorted colours, various qualities Do black and brown velvet pile do, And A large variety of other seasonable goods. Terms liberal. Note These goods are all just landed, and are well worthy the attention of warehousemen. They will be sold in original packages wherever found practicable and, with anything like competition, the auctioneers are instructed to sell Without reserve. Please remark day of sale - Monday, August 17, at half-past ten precisely. MONDAY, AUGUST 17. At the Stores of Messrs. Wilkinson Brothers. , Oysters and Beef. To Captains of Vessels, Ship Chandlers, Provision Dealers, and Exporters JOHN LEVY and SONS have received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the stores of Messrs. . Wilkinson Brothers, Collins- street west, on Monday, i 17th August, at eleven o'clock. Without any reserve, I 49 casks mess beef I 100 cases oysters, each 2 dozen. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1. First Sale by Public Auction of Choice Ha vanman!) Cigars. Manufactured from Fore Havannah Leaf, in the Australian Colonies. On the Promises of Messrs. Wittkowski Brothers, 11 Collins street west JOHN LEVY and SONS are favoured with instructions from Messrs Wittkowski Brothers to SUB | MIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at their manufac j tory, 11 Collins street west, on Tuesday, September 1, at twelve o'clock, Their present available stocks of highly seasoned i and fully aged . COLONIAL-MADE HAVANNAH CIGARS, ' consisting in all of 200,000 cigars, of the following favourite descript tions. Figaro Postages Cabanas Principe de Goles Sir Boot. Pool Floritas , Trabucos . Goachas v H. De Oabannas , * Cobden's ' Regalia de U Boina ' ? La valent ma > Higuera Primes Flor ' >' Lopez Regalia Britannica Queens ' Cazadores And A variety of other equally choice qualities. SPECIAL NOTICE. Mean". Wittkowski Brothers instruct the auctioneers to remark that all the cigars represented by them as Made from Pure Havannah leaf will be guaranteed by them as such. They further- more desire most specially to observe that none will be offered for sale except such as are Fully Aged and suitable for the most fastidious connoisseur. They have no hesitation in stating that the Choice Selection now submitted will bear most favourable comparison with the finest descriptions of Havannah cigars hitherto imported into the colony. For the purpose of permitting the Imbil: to test the accuracy of their assertion, they will On Saturday, August 20, Between the hours of half-past 2 and 6 r m , . GRATUITOUSLY PLACE for TRIAL, ! at their disposal, In the luncheon-room of the trade union Hotel, SAMPLE BOXES of EACH KIND . I intended to be offered at the sale by auction on the following Tuesday, to which Intending purchasers and connoisseurs are invited. 3 This sale will present a more favour able opportunity a to the trade and others to furnish themselves with a J stock of j REALLY PRIME OIGAES j than has hitherto over existed. I A champagne lunch will be provided ! Catalogues are now in course of preparation. I" MONDAY, AUGUST 17. " To Capitalists, Quartz-Miners, and Others. Important Sale of Mining Shares. Prince of Wales Reef, Pegleg Gully. EDWARD ROW and Co. have received instructions to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, on? Monday, 17th August, at twelve o'clock, at the Shamrock Hotel, Bondhunt, In lots to suit purchasers, 80 £50 shores (fully paid up) in the Prince of Wales Quartz-mining and Crushing Company, Pegleg Gully, Eaglehawk, Sandhurst. The above company has proved itself one of the best in the district, having within the last seven months! paid dividends amounting to £6000. The works are most complete, having a crushing, I winding, and pumping plant, and offers a rare opportunity to parties desirous of investing in mining pre t party, being the first shares over offered for sale is the above company For further particulars apply on the works. or to EDWARD ROW and Co, auctioneers, Pall-mall I Sandhurst WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 28. I WOO Acres I of . First-Class Grazing and Agricultural Land For Sale. EDWARD ROW and Co. have been instructed by li W. O. Yuille, Esq to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at the Nag's Head Hotel. Carisbrook, on Wednesday, the 50th August, at two o'clock p.m., That really splendid property called Glengallen Estate, contains g about 4000 acres, consisting principally of rich chocolate soil. This magnificent property adjoins the town reserves I of Carisbrook, and, with the exception of about 600 acres. Is arubettuitlally fenced and subdivided. Every j acre is available for agriculture, being principally con. j posed of rich red loam, and for grazing purposes it I cannot be surpassed In Victoria. It is intersected by the laUaroop Creek, which runs all the year, and, lying under the picturesque hill of Moolart, thinly fielded with blackwood and sheoak timber, presents the appearance of a nobleman's park. About 1200 acres are at present lot informs of about 800 acres each, at the low rental of 6s. to 8s. per acre, all separately fenced. Tocapltsdista, squatters. c, this presents a spring / did opening, either sun investment, as the whole of the land is of rich volcanic soil, fit for high cultivation, and is supposed to be auriferous, or as a depot for up-country stock, and being the very pick of Charlotte Plains, the auctioneers can confidently recommend. this property as one of the best ever offered to the public Title, two removes from the Crown. Terms Booral I Piano! property, etc., can be seen at Mr. w.o. Yuille's, Kirk's Horse Bazaar, Melbourne at the office of the auctioneers, Sandhurst J and at the Nag a Head, Carisbrook THIS DAY. At Three o'clock. Cottage and Land MR. JAMES EVANS will SELL by AUCTION at Ma rooms, by order of! the mortgagee, All that piece and parcel of land situate In the. parish of Prahran, in the county of Bourke, part of Portion 1, having a. frontage of 60ft, more For loss, to Caroline street, by a depth of 105 was the brick frontage and other tenements. and buildings thereon. 1 Tirmsdeclared at late -Sir. Auctioneer' man-Of- liner's Creek road, South -aria. 