NEWS AND NOTES. The committee appointed to make arrangements for the celebration of the rejoicings on Tuesday has been active about its duties since the meeting on Thursday evening. Mr Lockett has been appointed secretary, and an office has been opened in the first class-room at the Mechanics' Institute, where all communications in connection with the rejoicings will be received and any information respecting the arrangements may be obtained. Five sub-committees have been appointed. There is a bullock-roasting committee, a procession committee, a bread and beer committee, a schools committee, and a finance committee. Mr McDowall has been appointed marshal of the procession, with Messrs McNiece and Turpie as his aides-de camp. Letters have been addressed to the Freemasons, Oddfellows, Foresters, Caledonian Society, fire brigades, rifle corps, cavalry, in fact to all the public bodies and orders, inviting them to take part in the procession which will start at 2 p.m. from the Western Fire Brigade house, proceed to the Caledonian bridge, Plank road, and thence return to the Cricket ground. At a meeting of the bullock roasting committee yesterday it was arranged that one bullock should be roasted in Sturt street, some- where in the space between Armstrong and Doveton streets, another bullock to be roasted in the Peel street market square, where also another bullock, presented by Mr Sweeney, is to be cut up for distri- bution. At each roasting place a flag staff will be raised bearing the British and Danish flags. Messrs Carter and Co., of the Phoenix Foundry, have engaged to make a spit for the Sturt street roasting, and it is understood that Messrs Hunt and Opie will perform a similar service for the Peel street market roast. The timber merchants of the town have promised to supply timber for fencing in the roasting places, for cutting up tables, and for feasting tables. It is arranged, with a view to the public convenience, that the roast meat shall be ready by the time the procession is over. Two salamandrian roasters have been advertised for to superintend the roasting, and measures have been taken to secure donations of salt and pepper and other comestibles for the beef eaters. The Gas Company has promised to give as much tar as is wanted for bonfires, so that they may really be "bonny" fires- as Mr Lewis would say-and an offer of coke was made for the roasting, but the committee has decided to use firewood. It has been suggested that as the old gum-tree on the Camp hill is dead and is to be cut down, it might be turned to a loyal use just now, as a contribution to a bonfire or to the roasting furnaces, and so come to a not inglorious end. At a meeting of the school committee last evening, it was announced that Mr S. J. Bradshaw wonld give 250 buns towards the children's feast, that Mrs Codlin would give a cake weighing 20 lbs, and Mr Taylor, of the Red House Bakery, has promised one of 230 lbs weight. It was computed that 3000 children would attend, and Mr Finlay, of the Plank road school, who was added to tbe committee last night, was of opinion that 5000 children would be present. He suggested that no children should be present at the fireworks unless under the protection of their parents or guardians. Also, that the National Anthem should be sung on the cricket ground by the children, under the leadership of Mr A. T. Turner, The secretary was instructed to write to Messrs Holmes, White and Co., R. Dunn, R. B. and S. Gibbs, Claxton and Co., Bayldon and Co., Dickson and Forsyth, Wildey and Co., McCallum, Neill and Co., requesting contributions of tea and sugar. It was arranged that the schools should muster in Lydiard street, proceed to the Fire Brigade, and then head the procession as far as Peel street, by way of which the children should then proceed to the cricket ground. Several other matters of detail were discussed, and our advertising columns will show that the committee invite supplies and aid of one sort and another. All teachers or superintendents of schools are requested to send to Mr Lockett, the secretary, at the Mechanics' Institute, the number of children they will bring. At two o'clock to-day there will be a general meeting of the whole committee when matters of importance will be discussed, and some final arrangements made. It is desirable that there should be a good attendance of members, at that time, and it is particularly desirable that persons who intend contributing in any way to the celebration should give the secretary as early intimation thereof as possible, so that the committee may know what they have to trust to, and may be able to arrange accordingly. From all the information we have gleaned it appears that the whole mass of the population is bent upon an enthusiastic holiday, and should the weather but be fine we expect to see the finest display of merrymaking ever witnessed in Ballarat. The motion for a new trial in the appeal by the Great Republic Company in the dispute with the Sir William Don Company was heard in the Court of Mines yesterday, when it was decided to reserve a special case for the consideration of the Supreme Court on the law points raised. Pending the decision of the Supreme Court on the special case, the Court of Mines reserves its decision on the new trial motion. The Nelson Company will divide £30 per share this day for the fortnight. In all parts of the country preparations are now being actively made to celebrate on Tuesday next the Prince of Wales' marriage. The demonstrations will consist of processions, bonfires, &c.;, as a matter of course, but some towns have determined to do something more. At Maryborough two trees are to be planted, one for the Prince and one for the Princess. At Castlemaine there is to be a grand sham fight, besides athletic sports, and the usual demonstrations, in the way of processions and illuminations. Talbot is also making preparations. It seems probable that nearly every mount in the settled parts of the colony will be lighted up on Tuesday night with a bonfire. A special meeting of the members of the Volunteer Corps was held in the orderly room on Friday evening, to consider the arrangements to be observed by the corps on Tuesday next, in celebrating the marriage of the Prince of Wales. There was a large muster. It was resolved that the corps meet at 10 o'clock in the morning, and march to the Western Cricket Ground where something like a sham fight is to take place, after which, the officers would "shout" beer, ad libitum, and at two o'clock the members will join in the procession to be formed at the Western Fire Brigade engine-house. Scarsdale (observes our local correspondent), following in the wake of Smythesdale, is determined not to be eclipsed by the rival municipality, preparations have already been made to honor the occurrence of the royal marriage in right good style. The Council had voted 10 which sum no doubt will be trebled by private subscriptions. The roasting of a bullock and large bonfires are the order of the day, besides a public dinner under the patronage of the Municipal Council. Mr Bailey, of the Union Hotel, with his well-known liberality, intends giving a free luncheon to all comers, and his example will in all probability be followed by other, though perhaps in a different way. Among the presents made to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales upon the occasion of his marriage, was a somewhat singular one forwarded to Windsor Castle by Mrs Ann Anwyl, of Lawn Factory, near Denbigh. The letter which followed the parcel was as follows:- "To his Royal Prince Highness the Prince of Wales.-May it please your Royal Highness to accept a suit of Welsh cloth, of my own manufacture, as a wedding gift from a truly loyal Welch subject; also a Welsh linsey-woolsey dress for her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales. I have sent them off to Windsor Castle by railway. I humbly pray your Royal Highness to receive my best wishes. We are proud to have such a Prince and Princess of Wales. God bless you both. Your most humble subject,- ANN ANWYL." We may observe that the Mrs Anwyl above mentioned is the mother of the Anwyl Brothers, Main road, and now sixty-five years of age. On Friday evening, the police arrested a lad named Henry Williams, whose parents reside at Coghill's Creek, on the charge of stealing a coat from the shop of Messrs Warne and Rand, in the Main road. A pigeon shooting match for a fat pig came off on Friday near the Native Youth Hotel, Brown Hill. There were 15 entries. The prize was won by Messrs Tuckett and Hunt, who shot six birds each out of six. A sweepstakes of 10s each was next shot for. There were several entries. Mr Bannister took the first prize, and Mr Whitehouse the second. A match between Messrs Whitehouse and Clarke wound up the sports, the stakes being £2, which were won by the former. The Court of Mines adjourned at its rising yesterday till the 30th May. The new United Presbyterian Church, in Armstrong street south, is now nearly ready for occupation. All the roof and ceiling work is finished, and the fittings of the inside are being rapidly proceeded with. Mr Caselli, the architect, has presented to the church a pair of massive cast-iron pillar gas-stands, whose places will be on either side of the steps leading into the front doorway. At the Eastern Police Court, on Friday, a woman named Blair was committed for trial at the General Sessions for stealing 4½ oz. of gold from a Chinese, in a tent at Prince Regent Gully. At Linton (says our local correspondent) no general celebration of the marriage of our illustrious Prince and Princess of Wales seems likely to take place on Tuesday, not even a bonfire on the Flag- staff or any other hill. The school children are not likely to have a bun each as in large towns, neither are the ministers of churches showing any disposition to recognise the occasion by a special prayer. A woman named Eliza Darling was committed for trial by the magistrates at the Eastern Police Court, on Friday, for stealing £6 1s from a German named Meyer. A respectable young man named Jas. Pickering was committed for trial by the Bench, at Ballarat East, on Friday, on the alleged charge of stealing some tools, valued at 50s from a contractor named Smith. Our local correspondent writes as follows:- ''At the meeting of the Browns and Scarsdale Municipal Council on Thursday, Councillor Cashmore, in proposing that a sum of £10 be voted for the forth- coming public rejoicing, alluded to the useless expenditure of £1000 on the part of the Government for providing dinner for two thousand poor people in Melbourne. He stated that it was a fallacy altogether to suppose that the poor, in the real acceptation of the word, reached that number in Melbourne. He dwelt on the evil effect that such a report would produce in England, as being calculated to thwart the endeavors of those interested in promoting immigration, more particularly amongst the distressed Lancashire Operatives." The Rifle Rangers have received a challenge from the Bendigo corps to a friendly rifle match. The challenge has been accepted, and the match will take place at the Ballarat butts on the 1st of July. The distances are to be 200, 300, 500, 600 and 700 yards; seven shots at each distance. We hear that Commander van Rees of the Dutch man-of-war Djambi is about to pay a visit to Ballarat. He is expected on Monday, and will be, during a portion of his stay here, a guest of Mr R. B. Gibbs. It will be seen by our commercial report that the demand in Melbourne for flags is so great that they have been sold at extremely high prices. At the Eastern Police Court, on Friday, a wretched looking fellow named Richard Hanlon was sent to gaol for 14 days for a disgusting act of indecent ex- posure. The celebrated "Catherine Somerville," well known in Melbourne police circles, has, it appears visited Ballarat and been imposing upon persons in town for board and lodging and appropriating some "inconsiderate trifles" belonging to others. She was brought up at the Eastern Police Court on Friday, charged with stealing a Church Service from the book shop of Mr Ewen, Sturt street, and having by false pretences obtained board and lodging from the proprietor of the Royal George Hotel. Detective officer Hudson said that there were several charges against "Miss Somerville," and applied for a remand, which was granted. A man named William Williams was sent to gaol for three months by the magistrates at the Eastern Police Court, on Friday, for stealing a pair of boots from the shop of Mr Kirton. At the Smythesdale Police Court, on Friday the following civil causes were heard and disposed of as indicated. Mosely v Bosely, £2 4s, for work, labor, and materials. Mr Stoker, for the defendant, objected to the jurisdiction of the court, the debt having been incurred more than six months before the complaint was made; struck out. Hart v Thomas, £10, damages for assault. The complainant deposed that whilst he and the defendant were working together at a claim a dispute took place between them, whereupon the defendant hit him and knocked him down. A witness was called who deposed that the litigants had a quarrel and a fight; one person was as much to blame as the other, dismissed. Dent v Keith, £1 for money lent. Mr Stoker for the complainant. The complainant deposed that he in company with two other persons waited on the defendant to solicit subscriptions for the purpose of paying the expenses of Mr Kennelly on the charge of embezzling moneys of the Union Bank, and that the defendant had requested witness to pay the sum of one pound for him which he had done. The defendant denied that he had authorised the complainant to pay the pound for him. The case was adjourned for a fortnight for the attendance of witness. Funcke v Tunbridge, £10 18s, goods sold and delivered; Mr Stedman for the complainant, order for the amount and £2 5s costs. At the Linton Police Court on Thursday there was a long string of causes in small debts and calls due, but none of much importance. There was an assault case, Walter Robertson v Henry Luth, which arose out of a drinking spree at the Black Hill, at Bray's Old Linton Hotel, and the Black Swan Hotel, Linton. The defendant had blackballed the plaintiff on grog selling, and thus the quarrel arose, eventuating in a shout each of a bottle of champagne. In consequence of this the Bench dismissed the case. On Thursday, at the Improved Trend Gold Mining Company Bulldog, whilst a shareholder, named Benjamin Leander, was working in the drive one of the timbers sank into a crab-hole, causing the cap-piece together with a quantity of earth to fall on him. He was immediately released from his perilous position, but had received such serious injuries that he expired about four hours afterwards. An inquest will be held on the body this day, Saturday. The performances of the Wieland Brothers at the Charlie Napier Theatre continue to draw accessions to the good houses which other branches of the entertainments presented do not fail to secure. This evening the Howson family devote their abilities to the interpretation of Balfe's opera," The Rose of Castile." This will be followed by the performances of Wieland Brothers, and the whole is to be brought to a conclusion by the farce "Slasher and Crasher." The popularity of Mr Sheil Barry at the Theatre Royal continues, and as Handy Andy and Paddy O'Brien last night he was as successful as on previous occasions. The company at the house is in itself an attraction, and with this droll as a star the theatre has been rendered unusually attractive during the week. This evening the performances consist of "His Last Legs," with Mr Barry as O'Callaghan, and "Handy Andy." 