The Auckland authorities have now invoked the aid of a weapon compared to which even the Armstrong' gun may be considered an innocentjtov. "Friendly" native and 'traitorous Pakoha require to be met in a spirit somewhat akin to their own subtlety; and in future, so far as they are concerned, should they be convicted of any positive treachery, their punishment is to be short, sham, and decisive. Mr Fox recently sub mitted to the House of Representatives a Bill entitled "An Act for the Sup pression of Rebellion, and the Protec tion of the persons and property of her Majesty's 'loyal subjects — a measure which simply proposes to acclimatise in New Zealand; the old-fashioned system of proclaiming Martial Law; The pith of the Bill' lies in the second' clause, whichwe' subjoin' 177 ' j 2\. It shrill be lawful for the' Governor during; the continuance of the rebellion to issue his orders to all persons whom he .hail tiiiuk fit to authorise in that behalf, to take the most vigorous and efibctunl measures for suppressing the sid rebellion In any part of this colony which shall appear to bo necessary for the public safety, and for tho safety and protec tion of the persons and properties of her Majesty's peaceable and loyal subjects, and to punish all persons acting, aiding, or In any manner assisting in the said rebellion, or mali ciously attacking or Injuring tbo persons or pro perties of Her Majesty's loyal subjects In fur therance of the samo, according to martial law, cither by death, penal scrvitudo, or otherwise, ns to them shall seem expedient, and to arrest and detain in custody all persons engaged or con cerned in such rebellion, or suspected thereof, and to cause all persons so arrested or detained in custody to bo brought to trial In a summary manner by Courts-innrtinl, for nil offences com mitted in furtherance of the said rebellion, whether such persons shall have been lakcn in open arras ngaitist her Majesty, or shall have been otherwise concerned in tbe said rebellion, or in aiding, or iu any manner assisting in the same, and to execute the sentences of all Courts- martial, whether of death, penal servitude, or otherwise, and to do all other acts necessary to such several purposes. Of course, we must presume that tho Government considered the circum stances sufficiently desperate to require so desperate a remedy; and. at this distance it is scarcely fair to criticise too closely any of the measures they deem necessary for prosecuting the war. Still, we are not surprised to learn that the bill was fiercely resisted in Parliament, on the ground that it was unreasonably harsh and tyranni cal; and it is significant that it was carried only by a majority of 20 to 12. Nearly half the representatives present, including Mr. Mantell, Dr. Fetherstone, Mr. Fitzgerald, Mr. Fitziierbeiit, and several other pro minent members of the House, pro tested against substituting the will of the General for the law of the land. It is obviously a perilous experi ment to entrust this power of life and death to a drum-head court-martial, especially as another clause of the hill provides that no net of tho tribunal is to be subsequently questioned by the Supreme Court of the colony. Had the operation of the hill been limited to persons detected in actual, overt rebel lion, the summary infliction of impri sonment or death by soldier-judges would seem startling enough in these modern days ; but one shudders to think of the possibility that really inno cent people are liable to he arrested, and even convicted, on mere " suspi cion ; " and we all know that military human nature is not prone to make nico distinctions between suspicion and positive guilt. Nor is our faith in the impartiality of such tribunals increased by the know ledge that many of the gentlemen out of whom the judges may he selected, are already imbued with violent sym pathies and antipathies ; vented occa sionally in such benign expressions as that " things would never be better till a bishop or two, or an archbishop, were hanged !" Let us hope, however, that having undertaken the responsi bility of suspending civilised legisla tion, the Government will take care that this fearful law shall prove a scourge only to the recognised enemies of the country — that no innocent man shall become the victim of private intrigue — and that we shall not have to associate the New Zealand Rebellion Act with the Greek fire, or any other infernal machine, among the horrors of war. There is less fear of our physical than of our moral degeneracy in Aus tralia. We view with greater appre hension tho actual symptoms of the latter, which from time to time present themselves, than the merely conjectural modifications of face and figure, hulk and stamina, which the climate may ultimately effect. We have seen how widely the Anglo-American character has diverged from the British type, and we should regard with unfeigned alarm any circumstances which en couraged the belief that our Anglo- Australian population would also undergo a corresponding degeneration. Nevertheless, it must be reluctantly con ceded that the same causes are in opera tion bore which have been so influential for evil in the United States. There is, primarily, tho same deification of wealth ; and there are, secondarily, the same disregard of the means to he em ployed, the same subordination of all generous and noble impulses to the end proposed to ho achieved, and the same oblivion of the higher aims, the purer purposes, and loftier objects to which human life should be dedicated. The elements of decay, if not the germs of dissolution, lurk in tho bosom of that society in which personal honour is unscrupulously sacrificed to mercenary gain, and in which falsehood is tacitly sanctioned whenever it can he made auxiliary to self-interest or suc cess. Notably, this would appear to be the case in certain mining transactions in a neighbouring co lony, which are about to occupy the attention of a court of law ; and notably it was the case in some mining adventures which attained an unen viable notoriety in this colony four or five years ago. If some of the persons who figured conspicuously here, and who are more immediutoly identified with the Moonta Mines in South Aus tral, are not grossly misrepresented, there has been a complote surrender of everything that constitutes integrity and veracity, in order to the acquisition of a groat gain. Every moral feeling is warped and all self- respect destroyed, for the sake of a debasing passion, as contemptible, in its excess, ns drunken ness, and almost as hrutnlising. Nor does the mischief end here. The pernicious effect of examples like these penetrate and permeate so ciety. Man is an imitative animal, and as, in the times of the Crusades, the mistaken heroism and resolute self- sacrifice of tho leaders of that great movement inflamed tho mind of Christendom, and inspired the very churls with a feeling of enthusiasm, courage, and religious ardour ; so the money getting spirit of modern times, the furious zeal with which it is pro secuted, and the scorn of principle, with . which it is accompanied, beget imitation, and the universal cry is ".make money — honestly if you can; but make monev." Time was, Wuen to be aa English gentleman was an object of ambition and an acknowledgment of the highest excellence of character, since it implied the possession of qualities entitled to ndnuration and respect; unimpeachablo voracity, untarnished honour, dignified courtesy, politeness based upon bonovo- lence, delicacy of feeling, and such n disregard for money ns was not incon sistent with a just and honest, fls as liberal, expenditure. To acquire wealth by moan and crooked ways ; to propose its acquisition as the exclusive object of a life, and the only fitting employment of a man's faculties, and- to sully a fair name by sordid actions, would have boon ahhorront to the English gentleman. If reverses over took him, he put down his carriage, reformed his household, and adopted a Spartan simplicity of living', until lie had retrieved his position and regained the right to ho generous and hospita- blo. And from families adhering to this code of morals, and true to this type of "gentleness," sprang patriots like Pitt, statesmen like Peel,' and heroes like Nelson, Napier, Col- linoavood, and Wellington. If any minor divinity engaged their wor ship, it was not a'golden calf, but iron Duty. To this they were inflexibly faithful ; and if a grateful country bo- stowed wealth and honours on the more illustrious of them, they came unsought, and were worn with a calm grace and a modest dignity, which reflected additional brightness on the wearers. It is not the least among tho misfor tunes of a modern colony — and not the least striking of the points of differ ence between it and the colonies planted by the Greeks— that it lacks the example and personal influence of men of this elevated type, and tho high standard of character which they pre sent for imitation and emulation. The United Stntes, at the period of their declaring their independence, were more fortunate in this respect than our selves. George Washington and the more eminent of his associates were distinguished for their probity, single ness of purpose, unselfishness, rigorous truthfulness, and singular immunity from mercenary feelings ; and during the first five-ami-twenty years of the present century, American society bore tho impress of their beneficial influ ence. Nor was it until the old land marks of the Constitution, and the morals and manners of the founders of the Union had been swept away by a promiscuous inrush of " landless reso- lutes" from every country in Europe, that the apotheosis of tho " almighty dollar" took placo, and America entered upon a career of material expansion and moral deterioration. How to reconcile the former with the maintenance of a purer ethical system, to make wealth the servant and not the autocrat of society, and to conform the Anglo- Australian to the old Anglican type of character, is a problem which we are called upon to solve and the proper solution of it we cannot, with safety, neglect, nor, with security, postpone. We understand that tho Australian Mutual Provident Society Intend to introduce, In the next session of Parliament, a bill " to encourage the practice of frugality and provident habits by means of life assurance." The principnl pro visions of the measure are that every insurance company taking advantage of the act, shall, within three months from tho commencement of each year, register at the registrar's office a statement under the Iinnd of its principal officer, and certified by an nctuary, that a sum at least equivalent to the vnlue of the policies existing in Victoria' on tho 31st December previous, has been invested in Government debentures or real securities in Victoria. It then goes on to pro vide that every life assurance policy taken out from such a company shall be exempted from liability to seizure under the bankrupt laws — such protection being afforded to the amount of L2Q0 after the policy has endured for two years ; to L000 after five years, and to L2000 after the lapseof ten years. Similar protection to be afforded to annuities ; the policies of mended women being exempted from being taken in payment of debts of their husbands. Power Is also sought to enable companies to pay sums not exceeding L300 to the widow or personal representatives of on assuror who has left no will and no other property without her being obliged to takeout letters of administration. The principles of this measure have been carried into effect in other colonies, nnd we believe that the Imperial Legislature has afforded still greater protection to life policies in the tfnited Kingdom than is applied for under this bill. There were no cases brought on for hearing at the Sandrldge Police Court, yesterday. The Rev. R. B. Dickinson has resigned the Editorship of the Clwch Gazette. Wo have Hohart Town and Launceston nd- vices to the 28th of November. The chief item of news is the failure of an extensive shipowner, at Ifobart Town, whoso liabilities are estimated as exceeding L30,000. The following is a statement of the number of letters nnd newspnpars received and dispatched by the Peninsulnr and Oriental steamers last month : — Received per Northam — 51,100 let ters, 115,088 newspapers ; dispatched per Madras, 48,724 Icttirs, 57,483 newspapers ; making a total of 99,823 letters, and 172,571 newspapers. The Bendigo Advertiser reports that an acci dent of a most painful description happened on Tuesday, to Mr Thomas Plcken, traveller in tho employment of Mr Fawns, brewer. It ap pears that he was returning to Sandhurst on horseback from Haywood, and wlillo ridingalong he came into collision with a car or spring-cart. The shaft of the vehicle struck 1dm with such force as to pierce right through tho flesh of his thigh, indicting a fearful wound. Tho person in the car most inhumanly drove on, and left the poor fellow lying insensible on the road. lie was picked up by some persons passing and con veyed to the Red Lion hotel, Sydnoy Flat, and a messenger was at once dispatched for Dr Atkin son, who at on-'c went out to the sufferer, but the wounds are such that he entertained but slight hopes of bis recovery. On Snturday afternoon Mr William Hlggs, of St. Agnes, succeeded In killing a very large snake at tho Coliban, whilst prospecting a reef iu tlmt locality. The reptilo, which measured elx feet oue and n-half laches; was of tho carpet species. Ou first being discovered it attempted to show fight, and was not killed without some difficulty. Says the Ovens Constitution of Mdnday : — "A report prevailed at AJbury yesterday after noon, apparently from Ten-mile Creek, to the effect that Morgan, tho bushranger, had been surrounded and captured by police. Wo givo tho rumour as it reached us, without vouching for its authenticity. If we may believe tho Duuedin correspondent of a contemporary, Mr Jenner'a theory of Victo rian decay has found favour in Otago. "Air .Tenner's exposition of the financial condition of Victoria has beeniooketl upon hero aa a very mas terly one. Reduced to a sentence, the wholoof Mr Jenne'r's' investigations mean thatVictorinis living beyond iti means ; tlmt' tliefe is more i going out than coming in, and that your ex po dlture is in excess of your income. There is no doubt of it. Reckless expenditure and in-' difference to the future havo brought things to their present pass with you, and the very Bamo Is happening to us in Otago. Tho balance of cx- p nditure as against Income Is very considerable here, and when the " break-up " comes, as conic it must with us, as it has done with you, we havo not the resourcos left to foil back upon which yon h"ve. Wo have no insido to our colony, while j ou have plenty of country between tho waters of Port Phillip Hay and tin Gulf of Carpentaria, and from your cast to your west coasia. " How ever unjust to Victoria, this writer may nt all events bo accented as a disinterested witness to ' the gloomy state of affairs iu Otago. The following arc tho Bollaarat district weekly escort returns, ending tho 2nd instant : — Bnl- htaral, C0r>8os lOiiwts; Crcswick, 1383oz; Cluncs, 143-'oz; total, 9823oz lOdwts. A fatal accident occurred yesterday in ilob- son's Bay. The deceased, Robert Finlcy, aged 42 years, was a seaman, and had chnrgo of a cutler called the Gem, which trades between Sandridgc and Geelong. The vessel was on her way from tho latter plnce, and when within two miles north of Point Cook, Flnlay fell over board and tho body disappeared. Another man named John Fresh was assisting Finlay in the boat, and he states tlmt he made every effort to save him, but in consequence of the squally weather nnd heavy sea wus unsuccessful. Tho body has not yet been recovered. A display of arbitrary coil duet on the part of tho officers of the immigration department in Geelong, is thus referred to by tbe Advertiser : — " Our rondel's will probably bear in mind that aboutsix months ago Mr Wallace, poundkeeper, at South Gceleng, hired a girl from the depot here, that the girl on being brought to his house was very drunk, nnd excessively abusive, and that on being remonstrated with sho refused to enter Air Wallace's hou9e, aud threatened to drown herself in tho river. Iler general conduct was so bad that Mr Wallace, knowing he could not tako her back to the depot, applied to tho police, 03 being the best tiling he could do to ensure the girl's safety nnd protect'on ; and tho sergeant of police hearing the girl threaten to destroy herself, took her into custody, and she was brought before the Bench and discharged, on promising to conduct herself better for tho future. There the matter ended nt the time. On Saturday last, however, Mrs Wallace went to the depot to hire another servant, nnd was told she was excluded from engaging one, owing to the way she had treated the last. Mr Wallace next appealed to Mr Guthrie with tlie same success. As every person of respectability In town — except licensed victuallers — has a light to engage a servant nt the depot, and as Air aud Airs Wallace arc people of unblemished reputa tion, this conducton the part of the immigration authorities 9ecms to be unjustifiable." In an article on " Colonial Literature " the Castlemnine Daily News thus refers to the ' fact of tlie Illustrated 1'ost having offered n premium for a Christmas song " Tho Herald (our contemporary should h.ivo said the Pout ) has set an exnirplc which we hope to see followed by tbo stater colonic, nnd generally emulated, on a more extensive and generous scale, by the va rious governments which control, direct, and in fluence our destinies. The proprietors have offered a premium for the beat Christmas song. This proposition is calculated to stimulate and ex ercise the Victorian mind.We hail il as nhappy and encouraging augury of social development. It will induce many of our colonists to commit their thoughts and sentiments to paper, while it will tend materially to ' create and foster public opinion, and make it racy of tho sol.' Wo therefore take leuve to congramlate the pro prietors for their laudable nnd patriotic efforts to stimulate the growth, and sweeten the indus trious exertions, of original thought amongst us." Tho Riverine Herald, speaking of Ecliuca, the town in which it is published, aays: — "It is really becoming unsafe to Iivo in such a place. The most Inoffensive people have their enemies wh->, for aught any one < an tell, may bo prompted at any moment, from motives of molico and re venge, io institute proceedings of a criminal nature ugainst them; and however unfounded their charges may be, and however frivolous and incredible the testimony brought in support of them, tliey have the satisfaction, at all cvent9, of dragging their victims before the public, and Inflicting upon them an irremediable mischief." Touching tlie political rumours to which we recently referred, tho Star Alclbourne corres pondent writes that he is informed thnt a Ca binet meeting was held on Tuesday, for a spe cial purpose of discussing tho terms of tho new or Amended Land Bill, to he laid before Parlia ment when it meets. It is also stated that tho discussion was rather warm, there being cno or two strong dissentients to the proposition brought forward by Air Heales.. Tbe gcncrnl features of the hill are, as was stated they would be, similar to those suggested by Dr Owens at Alandurnng, who 19 supposed, In spite of a little hitch or two, to be en rapport with Alinistcrs. On the a ime day, there was a meeting of politicians who are hostile to retrogressive legislation, but as tho meeting was private, all thnt is known is that a prograratno Is to be drawn up by which tho new men will stand or fall, and that they will do all that they era to return men at tho next general election, of what may be called democratic con servative principles. That is, thoso who hold by tlio constitution, who believe In the political equality established, and are to somo extent in favour of pnyment of members. These state ments must he taken for what they are worth, but no doubt there Is much truth in them. According to the Otago Times of the 21st ult., a amart shock of an earthquake was felt iu Dunedin ou tbo previous Thursday night, about a quarter-past eleven o'clock. At Caversliam it was also noticed slightly, and at Port Chalmers more distinctly than in Dunedin. A palpable shaking or house utensils was noticed in the house of a gentleman at tho port (adds the Times) who gave us the information, while our informants in and nronnd tho city say there was little more than a passing vibration. The Borough Council of Ballaarat has post poned till next week the consideration of an application by the secretary of tho Benevolent Asylum for an increased grant of, say, L90 a mouth, because of " the increased poverty of tho district." From last night's Ballaarat Post wo glean tho following : — " '.Ye arc given to understand that an agent is at present In this colony from Invei- cnrgill, arrived witli authority to engage 1000 men for tho railway now in course of construc tion by Messrs Dnrics and Smyth, from Inver- carglll to the Lake, Already some men from this district havo been engaged, and as tho rate of wages is high, there will doubtless 1 e no diffi culty in obtaining the requisite number." — "At the Gcncrnl Sessions, this mornincr, a jury man att.mptcd to get himself excused, on the ground of his being subject to fits. The excuso was not allowed, and tho juror was sworn. Shortly nfter the commencement of the cose of Jim Taker, the juryman hud a fit, and was re moved, Another juryman was sworn in tbe cnsi, and the proceedings had to be commenced de novo." It is reported by our Talbot contemporary, that just before tho arrival of the hon. tho Minister of Alines at Cluncs on Thursday last, due notice of whoso approach had been for warded by telegram from Talbot, the members of the Borough Council of Clunes assembled in their Council Chambers for the pur pose of receiving tbe honourable gentleman, and that when he arrived at the Kent Hotel the Couucil was on tho tentcr-hook of ex pectation to see him nseend the street In tbe direction of tho chambers. Somo time elapsed, however, and he did not como, whereupon tho' Council dispatched one of their members and the town 'clerk to wait upon Mr Sullivan to In form him . that the members were ready ia tho Council Chambers, and that they would be very happy to ' receive him there. The Alinistorof Mines, so report goes, informed tho deputation that' Iim hid not v'si'ed C uncs for the purpjse of I seeing the members of the Borough Council, and I that if they wanted to set him they had better I wait upon him at his hotel. Tho deputation returned to head quarters, nnd what.transpircd among tho councillors Is not stated ; but it ap pears tiiat shortly afterwards, one or two mem bers, tired of waiting for tho mountain to. como to Afahomct, thought it desirable that Afahomet slisuld go to tho mountain, and accordingly be took themselves to tho Kent hotel, where they had nn interview with tho hon. gentleman. Report further says tlmt tho pcopl! dunes bpye f njgypj a hearty laugh over the proceedings of tho Council in this matter. Tho arguments in reference to the titlo of the lion. R. D. Ireland to n pension, under tho regu lations lately promulgated, will be opened this morning In tho Supreme Court. The caterer of Alclbourne gossip for tho Gee long ChroDiclo seems to have hut scanty rcver- enco for some of tlie Pivot representatives I hnve beard it said (be observes) that the vacancy caused in the representation of South Grant, by the absquatulation ol the native youth. Is to be put up by auction, but surely tho elcctors"Tiavo some little spirit left in them, nnd will not allow themselves to be sold like n lot of bullocks at Smithfic'd, to tlie highest bidder. The babbling Brooke has been Investing largely — as much as L3 or L4, I am informed, in some plaster of pnrls monstrosity or o;her, that has been worn out In tho service of the nymphs of Cremorne. It is to he given to the trustees of tho Geclor.g Botanical Gardens, who have a plnce already marked out for it as follows : — " Rubbish may be shot here. " la the Supremo Court, yesterday, application was made to set aside an award made in an arbitration between Air G. J. Watson and Cyrus Hewitt, who had formerly been In partnership. The objections to It were raised on behalf of Air Hewitt, who was dissatisfied with the Bliare of the nsscts allotted him ; and it was alleged that the arbitrator, Air Priestley, had received statements from each of the partners when the other was not present, nnd that before giving his decision lie was asked to allow Mr Hewitt an opportunity of calling witnesses, and that he de clined to do so. These assertions, however, were either denied or explained away by tlie other side. After a lengthy argument the Court held thnt none of them had been made out, and refused the motion witli costs. We have received tlie current number of Mr George Robertson's ' Monthly Book Circular," which presents no unusuully tempting treat to all lovers of literature, whether affecting " the last new novel, " tho most recent discoverios of science, the most exciting incidents of travel, or the most edifying dLsplay of theological specula tion. At the City Police Court, yesterday, James Wrogg, a hide merchant in Queen-etreet, was charged with stealing some hides from the store of another hide merchant named John D. Sherry. It appeared that the hides hud been stolen from Air Sherry's store on the swamp on Monday last, nnd thut some of tliein had been found in Mr Wrcgg's yard. When applied to by Air Sherry on the matter Mr Wrrgg said that be liad bought them on Alonday from a man who was going to bring another lot the next day. It was accordingly arranged between the two gentlemen tlmt the thief Bhould be trapped on the following day. Air Sherry then returned to his Btore, and iu order hotter to prove tho identity of tho hides he sent his storeman, who after examining them, absurdly disregarded his master's arrangement, of which he was informed byAIrWregg, nnd gave that gentleman into custody. The charge was of course dismissed, and the bench animadverted upon the injudicious conduct of Mr Sherry's storeman, and said that although tlmt gentleman repudiated his servant's action in the matter it was a question whether lie was not linbie for the man's act. Mr F. Stephen for Air Wrejg, intimated bU intention of trying tlie point. Tho s'eamship Hero left the Sandridgc railway pier, yesterday nfternoon, for Otago. By her wo lose — it is to be hoped, for only a brief period- one of our favourito actors, AI r George Fawcett. Some very beautiful specimens of wax flowers nnd fruit, the work of Airs I'orstcr, who is an artiste of considerable celebrity, arc to bo dis posed of by Art Union at the Bull and Alouth hotel to-night. The articles c..n now be seen at tho hotel in question, and arc well worth a visit. The drawing takes place at eight o'clock. The gold escort, ou Tuesday, took down from Castiemaine 2065oz . lOdwt ; from Daylesford, 3571oz ; from Inglewood, 121-loz ; Dunolly, I422oz ; Tnrnngilila, 821oz ; Aiajorca, 500oz lOdwt; Talbot, 2231oz; Afaryborough, OOOoz. A Castlemnlno contemporary puts some perti nent queries touching some property which found Its way into tho possession of the police many years ago, and has not since been heard of. It appears that " on the 17th of May, 1852, a man named William Hatfield was convicted, at Castie maine, on a clinrgo of stealing from a dwelling- house, and was sentenced to ton years on tbo roads. When ho was apprehended, he had in bis possession one drop chain, one specimen, oue J crystal stone, sixty-six sovereigns, four half- sovereigns, L47 in notes, L2 18s In silver, Id in copper, three silver watches, one gold guard, two knives, one pistol, ono license, two watch kevs. two bags gold (01b), ono big specimen, eleven boxes containing eighteen rings, one purse, and two keys. No record has been kept as to how this large amouut of property was disposed of by the police. Has It been returned to the owner ? If not, what has bee ime of It V We (Tarrengower Times) have received a letter from the gentleman, who was the mort gager of the allotment of land next to Wilder's premises, mentioned in onr lost as having been offered for sale by Alcssrs Richards and Carey, auctioneers, in the insolvent estate of tho Provi dent Institute. We give the following extract as containing nil tho matter pertinent to tho question : — "This allotment I purchased for the sum of L50, aud the municipal improvements (?) not being then raide, or thought of, it was con sidered fully to represent Hint value. The loan of L100 by tho Provident Institute was against tho security of this piece, ia conjunction with another property at St Kilda, which cost mc L125, thus making a total valuo of L175. Tho deeds of both properties, which, of course, showed their cost, were submitted to the board of the institute for approval by the Altddon agent be fore tho loan was granted. Other lenders were ready to advance MOD upon tho securities, should the institute have refused." Runs situated at Glen Dhu, East Wlmmera, and at Redbank, in the same district, are to bs sold in Alclbourne on the 21st December. Tho aggregate number of acres i3 10,800, and the amount of rent Is L23 aud L140 per annum re spectively. Tuesday being the birthday of the Princess of Wales (1st December, 1844), most of tho Danish residents of Ballaarat celebrated the auspicious occasion by the display of flags and other marks of recognition. " PhUnnthropos," in the AI. A. Alail, thus refers to the sufleriugs of Alary Fraseri— "If ever nn appeal to the benevolent deserved a respomo, tho appeal on behalf of this unfortu nate girl does. I seo an article, copied from The Herald, in your paper of to-day. I dare say there are many beside myselt who would show tangible sympathy for her ; I will gladly lenve a trifle at your office for transmission to those in Altlbourno who are Interesting them selves ia her behalf, If you will kindly receive it ; perhaps there are many who would subscribe if tbey knew somo one would forward the sub scriptions." According to tho Tidbot Leader, tbe rush to Amelia Gully may be pr. nouueed over, a con siderable number of non-pnynble liolcs having been bottomed during the week. Notwithstand ing, however, tbe ill success of (he many who congregated at tho rush, the few havo no reason to complain of the result of their labours. The prospectors especially made about L3 per roan last week, whilst a few others were almost .equally successful. This Amelia Gully will no doubt give rlie to. rashes periodically, as it is 1 situat-d on a parallel wi'li Bincltsmith'8 Gully, | Amherst, and Is therefore likely to contain I patches of gold bore and ther ;, which in the; couisc of time will doubtless bo alighted upon. During the height of the rush, which was last Tuesday, there could not Inve been 1 ess than COO or 700 miners on the ground. In proof of the valuable properties of a good dog In destroying snakes, tlie Ballaarat Post quotes tlie following extract from a letter re ceived from Mr William", chemist, of Main street : — " I have a pointer bitcli which, during be five years she has been in my possession, has killed two hundred onu seventy snahes. Lost Sunday, at Lai Lid, she killed three, and I have led her to destroy as many as seventeen In one day ; yet, strange to say, she has never been bitten. Arnuy persons on Bnllanrat have hnd her out, nnd can speak of her qualities as a snake destroyer." . We nro able to endorso what our correspondent says by actual obser vation. A young woman of somewhat 'forbidding ex terior, nnmed Sarah J. Robinson, was charged with stealing two silver salt ccllers, and tlireo silver spoons from tho dwelling of Airs Dumme- low, iu tho Royal Terrace, Fitzroy. The articles had been pawned by her at a pawn broker's in Stephen street, on whose informa tion she had bccu arrested. She was com mitted for trial. From a Dunedin correspondent of the Geelong Advertiser we learn that " tenders have been called for the erection of tlie Great International Exhibition Building. Tlie site chosen (lie says) is outside the town proper. It is situate in Great King street, and such an opinion have tho holders of property in the neighbourhood that the most fabulous prices arc beiug nskcil for small patches of land. One of your old Geelong residents priced a small allotment yesterday, nnd was asked at tbe rate of J.3000 per acre. Its intrinsic value I should set down at L50." Speaking of Air Grace, a gentleman player —one of the All England party of cricketers now on board the Great Britnin — the Gourt Journal says: — "Air Grace, tho great amateur cricketer — perhaps the finest player in tho world, including even professionals — is a tcm- pernuce man, at least during cricketing times. Air Grace tlion tokos no stimulants, not even tea; and he smokes not at all." "Amoug the latest arrivals from New Zealand," says the Ballaarat Star, "is Mr Archibald Carmichaol, who spent somo seven months amongst the snowclad mountains of tho country. He states that there were about 700 miners in Buncdin wlicu lie left, ail -awaiting a ship or ships to bring them back." Apropos of tbo Alnrliu's River project, a correspondent, writes thus from Duncdiu : — " Welinre ccrtninly been much amused nt the idea ol you Victorious initiating a niovo for the formation of a settlement on tbo West Coast, and thnt without data or information of any kind upon which to base tho success of the enterprise. If I lie rot greatly mistaken the' West Coast is already taken up. Wo have hardy venturesome ship-owners in tlie Province, and I expect that by the time you had got a vessel into Alartin's Harbour the land from the coast to for away inland would be found in tho posiession of flocks nnd herds. All the available land on the West Coast does not equal an area of twenty of your largest squattages." Tho manager of tho Clunes Company, in his half-yearly report, thus refers to Professor Al'Coy's theory ns to tlie depreciation of quartz reefs : — " I have always held to the opinion that where a quartz reef is good on tho surface it will continue so ia depth, and while admitting, in the words of the commission, ' I never knew of a reef becoming richer below,' I have yet to learn in what manner this answer can be con strued into an admission that quartz reefs are ceasing to be productive in depth. It is a matter of regret that the members of tbe com mission, in prosecutiog their inquiries, did not avail themselves of tho opportunity of inspecting the mines of Clunes, Much information could havo been obtained, and quartz mining rightly understood." Air Harvey then proceeds to state the reasons for the Clunes mines having fallen off in yield — viz., that at fl.st only the best quartz was taken out, now the wholo width is crushed— nnd concludes : — " I think it will be admitted that there is nothing to show that the reels get poorer. Quartz mining, with some few exceptions, bos mnde hut little progress; the deepest workings are insignificant ; and I have no hesitation in saying tlmt, at present, wo are not in a position to speak a9 to tho possible depth at which qunrtz lodes will cease to bo pro ductive." A man named John Conncll, whoso head and face bore traces of recent injury, was charged at tho City Police Court, yesterday, with a gross and unprovoked assault unon Constable Daniel, on Tuesday evening, on Prince's Bridge. The Bench at first sentenced him to three months imprisonment; but afterwards, on liis lawyer re presenting that, in consequence of a serious acci dent, be was scarcely accountable for his actions, tho punishment was commuted to a fine of 40s, with 40s costs. Tho entertainment of " Christmas in Old England" has been repeated every evening to good houses at St. George's Hall. Tho perform- ance goes on rather more smoothly ilian oa the first night, and the nudienco nro not slow in ex pressing their appreciation of the skill with which the various scenes have been depleted. During the evening, Air Ray sings several songs with tolerable success; but bis voice bos not sufficient compass, and it would, perhaps, be better if ho omitted them. Last niht, tho attendance was very good, and the entertainment seems to be growing in public favour. There will be a day performance on Saturday afternoon. There are now to be seon in a building next tbe Haymarket Theatre, several curiosities of natural history, including nn ox with six legs and two talis. This animal is about five years old, and was bred in the Alurrumbidgee district. Except the malformation in tho hind-quarters, its conformation is regular. He is not the only monstrosity of his fnmily, as near him may be observed a stuffed calf, with two heads, six "legs and two bodies, alleged to ha his brother. There are also In tho collection a Tasmanian devil, an English badger, a Musk deer, only six inches in height, an ichneumon, and two spotted deer, with a fawn eight days old. The place is well worth a visit. 