OUK LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From oar own Correspondent.] London. Monday, October 26, 1863. To sit with open window within a few days of dreary, foggy, drizzly November — of which month many, perhaps most, of your readers must have ineffaceable traditions — is a phenomenon worth re cording. Philosphers are puzzled to account for a mildness of weather almost beyond precedent, and some have suggested that the Gulf Stream, to which we are indebted for our temperate climate, has taken a new course, or that the ice drifts from the Arctic regions have been turned further from our shores. Others say it is only a kind of ' Indian summer.' I prefer myself to associate present warmth with our recent earthquake — not because I am able to trace the connection between the two, but because the earthquake has been the ' sensation' of the month, and requires cautious introduction lest the shock should be too great. On Tuesday, October 6th, about 3 a.m., the tremor of an earthwave was felt over the western half of the country from Swansea to Liverpool — the Malvern Hills and Hereford having felt it in the greatest intensity. Houses were violently agitated, furniture oscillated, windows rattled, crockery was endowed with life, and clocks were stopped. Everywhere along that track people were awoke out of their sleep, mostly fearing au invasion of burglars, and ex perienced that peculiar feeling of terror which accompanies the phenomenon. A tremor was felt in the neighbourhood of London, though not in the city itself. Mr. Charles Dickens, writing from near Rochester, in Kent, characteristically says : — ' I was awakened by a violent swaying of my bedstead from side to side, accompanied by a singular heaving motion ; it was exactly as if some great beast had been crouching asleep under the bedstead and were now shaking itself and trying to rise.' The phenomenon of Hereford is minutely described by the clergyman of Stretton ; he says : — ' The sound at first increased rapidly with a gradual crescendo for two or three seconds'until the crash was felt, which lasted for about one second and a-half, and consisted of two concussions, and then subsided as gradually for some seconds more until it died away in the distance. It appeared to me equal to the loudest peal of thunder I ever heard, but it was deeper and grander than thunder. In about three minutes afterwards a second faint ramble was heard.' The papers contained the most voluminous reports from all parts of the agitated, districts, the Times of two days after giving some five columns of cor respondence. In gumming up these conclusions the editor remarks : — 'As we glance over the numerous letters which have already reached us on this subject, the first thing we notice is the remarkable unanimity as to the hour of the earthquake. The explanation of this is obvious enough. Every Englishman is alive to the value of time in all matters of evidence, and as soon as anything unusual occurs looks forthwith at his watch. We know, therefore, to a nicety when the earthquake commenced. Twenty minutes past three, twenty-two minutes, twenty- three minutes, twenty fire minutes, such are the precise dates furnished in letter after letter, and with hardly an exception the va riations all range between, a quarter'pastand half past three o'clock. Allowing for the accidental errors of watches and timepieces, there is really no conflict of testimony on this point. For a similar reason all our correspondents are agreed upon the state of the weather on Monday night. It was peculiarly fine and calm, and though the thermometer and barometer yaried considerably at different places, no material disturbance of either is reoorted to have occurred at any. Here, however, certainty ends. As to the nature, the degree, the direction, and the duration of the movement, there is nothing like harmony between the narratives before us, and even such observers as Mr. Lowe and Mr. Hind are entirely at issue with each other upon the third of these points. There is in &ot; no quarter of the compass which is not named by some one as that from which the oscillatory motion proceeded. Not only are we told that there were four shocks in some places and only one in others, no audible sound in one county and violent explosions, like those of artillery, in the next, but the rocking of the ground is said to have lasted for two minutes in one place, for about one minute in others, and for a very few seconds in the rest. Making every allowance for differences of geological structure, and so forth, it is abundantly clear that differences of imagination and susceptibility are the principal causes of the confusion. What mOBt of our informants portray are not facts but sensations, and to the possible multiplicity of these there is no limit what ever. We may take, as a specimen, the imagery em ployed by some of them in describing the noise which they heard and the motion which they felt. Many attributed it, like the students of Cheltenham, to the measured trampling of feet on an unsteady floor. Several compare the sound and vibration to the effect of heavy waggons rambling along a roughly-paved street, others to that of railway trains passing through a tunnel close by, while a station-master recognised a shock like that of one train running into another ; a sea-captain thought the concussion was produced by striking on a rock; persons accustomed to steamboat voyages were reminded of the gentle heaving of a steam-vessel in getting under way, or of the * stagger1 which follows when a sea strikes athwart her bows. Quainter and more ambitious similes occurred to those who drew upon fancy rather than upon experience. A policeman realized a sensation, 'as [if standing upou moving fields.' The Mayor of Monmouth received the specific impression that a garden roller was being drawn along the passage, the rumbling of which swelled into ' a noise like thunder and the chimney fulling in.' More than one person imagined some one was lifting up his bed from below, or, as two in dependent writers express it, as if some-.,huge giant were shaking it violently by all the four bedposts at once. To the ordinary^British householder, one idea, and one only, presented itself, that of housebreakers armed with crowbar*. The shock was felt at sea some twenty miles from Milford Haven by a ship as though it had struck on a rock, and in Carmarthen Bay c an immense piece of water, of a dark brown color, as if holding earth in solution, seemed to be pushed forward in the form of a cone, of coarse sur rounded by water of a natural color. As they came in contact the water was thrown up a height of several feet, the agitation extending round the whole edge of the phenomenon. It steadily'advaneed in the same form towards Monkstone, and thence some miles to sea, when we ceased to observe it.' The papers have been most assiduous in supplying earthquake history fully equal to the demand, and perhaps the following brief notes from the AtliemEum may not be unacceptable: — 'Oar own old records speak of many such visitations. In 1580 the Kentish people were driven by one from their beds to the churches. In 1597 Scotland suffered, but she could readily account for it in the fact that the King had disturbed the Kirk ministry ! Again was that land shaken from north to south in 1603, when Aberdeen took the fault upon herself, and saw the cause of the earthquake in the fishing on Sundays for salmon in the river Dee ! Scotland was frequently shaken, sometimes with fatal results, during the seventieth century. So also was England, in the last decade of that century particularly, but with such diverse results that while Evelyn, at his dinner-table at Wotton, was not aware of the fact, his maids up-stairs making the beds were scared by it. It was in that century that'Doolittle published his c Earthquakes Ex plained and Improved.' The great year for these shocks in the last century was 1750. Chesterfield, indifferent as he was to the shock in February, was startled from sleep by the one which shook all London in March. Then a mad trooper in Dela ware's regiment prophesied a third and final ruin for the 2nd of April, whereupon people fled to the country, and sixpenny pamphlets recorded their names, and ladies had earthquake gowns to wear at night as they sat in the park or fields beyond; and Archbishop Seeker preached against earthquakes all night at St. James's, and ladies and gentlemen rode to country inns, played till morning at brag, and then returned to find London not in rains. The only profit derived from it was by Turner (the china man), who, having cracked a ten-guinea pair of vases, declared they had been cracked by an earthquake, sad doubled their price because of that distinction.' The Court news of the month has been unusually interesting. About a fortnight ago, the Prince and Princess of Wales took leave of the Queen at Bal moral to return South, in order to receive the young Sling of the Greeks. At Edinburgh they met the Crown Prince and Princess of Prussia on their way to the Highlands. The latter have come over on a long visit — the meaning of which is that the heir apparent of the Prussian Crown has failed to influ ence his obstinate father, or deliver him from the clutches of M. V. Bismarkjand the feudal faction — an enterprise in which the Nestor of European sovereigns, Xing Leopold, has since been equally un successful. Thi Crown Prince, therefore, by absent ing himself, washes his hands ' of all responsibility for the reactionary schemes of the Prussian Govern mant. King George L of Greece came direct from St. Petersburg, where the Czar seems to have received hin\ with much distinction. The other members of his family came over from Denmark, so that there was quite a family assembly at Marlborough House, and they appear to have made the most of their time in visiting the 'lions' of London, the theatres, &c.; The young King received several deputations from his Greek subjects in London, and replied with great discretion to their ultra-loyal addresses. It is too much like a joke to talk of the ' statesmanship' of a fair-haired, beardless youth of 18, whose experience in the art of government has been niL King George, however, has been well trained, and he appears to have much of that simplicity and genuineness of cha racter which are so great a charm in his illustrious sister. His Mentor, Count Sponneck — his sole Danish companion — is a man of high character and judgment, as well as financial capacity, qualities which ought to be well appreciated by the Greeks. As the young King did not go to Balmoral, the reports of his probable alliance with the Princess Helena maybe allowed to fall to the ground. One cannot but watch with interest the issue of the perilous enterprise to which the young brother of our Princess of Wales is committed ; for the Greeks are at best but a semi-civilized people. While he was here the annexation of the Ionian Islands to his sceptre was practically settled, to the great joy of both parties and to the relief of England, the unwelcome protector of the Septeninsular Be public. Sling George has been feted in Paris by the Emperor Napoleon, and has since embarked at Toulon for his adopted country. Queen Victoria's sojourn in her Highland retreat has been signalised by her first appearance at a public ceremonial since the death of the late Prince Consort. Her Majesty could not resist the opportunity of being present at the inauguration of a memorial statue to ' her beloved husband' at Aberdeen, to show 'by her presence, as well her own un bounded love and respect as her heartfelt appreciation of this mark of affection of the people of Aberdeen for one who dearly loved their country, and consi dered the few weeks he spent annually among them as some of the happiest of the year.' The ceremony took place on the 13th in presence of the Queen and all the members of the Royal Family at present in Scotland. Though the day was very wet there was an immense concourse of spectators, who justified the confidence and wishes of their Sovereign by maintaining a quiet demeanour, and avoiding untimely demonstrations of loyalty. The crowd along the whole line kept a respectful silence throughout, and with the exception of uncovering as Her Majesty^ carriage drove past, and while ehe re mained looking at the statue,there was no demonstra tion of any kind whatever. Her Majesty frequently acknowledged these silent tokens of loyalty and sympathy as she drove slowly along. The statue is of bronze, by MarochettL It is placed upon a polished granite pedestal, and represents the late Prince seated and wearing a field-marshal's uniform, with the robe of the Thistle over it. In one hand he holds a scroll, and in the other the field-marshal's hat. It is erected in the centre of the city. When the Cor poration address had been presented, the honor of knighthood conferred on Mr. Anderson (the Lord Provost), and a prayer offered up, the statue was un covered. Her Majesty and the fioyal children looked on the figure with a fond and eager gaze which touched all who were present. In about five minutes after the unveiling Her Majesty bowed to the vast assembly, and, wfth the BoyaJ femfly, retired, and eoon after returned to Balmoral. Toe following touching reply of the Queen to the city address needs no comment : — 'Tour loyal and affec tionate address has deeply touched me, and I thank you for it from my heart. It is with feelings I should vainly seek words to express that I determined to attend here to-day to witness the uncovering of the statue which will record to future times the love and respect of the people in this county and city for my great and beloved husband ; but I could not recon cile it to myself to remain at Balmoral while such a tribute was being paid to his memory, without making an exertion to assure you personally of the deep and heartfelt sense I entertain of your kindness and affection ; and, at the same time, to proclaim in public the unbounded reverence and admiration, the devoted love, that fills my heart for him whose loss must throw a lasting gloom over all my future life. Never can I forget the circumstances to which you so feelingly allude — that it was in this city he delivered bis remarkable address to the British Association only four years ago, and that in this county we had for so many years been in the habit of spending some of the happiest days of our lives.' Before his return to the south Earl Russell took the opportunity, on receiving an address and a public dinner from the tenantry of the estate where he had been sojourning, to make a long speech at Blairgowrie, which was a full exposition of the foreign policy of the Government. He reiterated the declaration that ' neither the obligations, the honor, nor the interests of England required that we should go to war for Poland:' But he added an expression of his astonishment at the line taken by Russia in her diplo matic controversy with the three Powers, and of his conviction that the conditions contained in the Treaty of Vienna by which Russia acquired Poland have not been complied with. ' It seems to me that it was an act of 'great imprudence on the part of Russia, when she had that great advantage— when she had the act of spoliation and partition condoned, as it were, by Europe — to reject the terms on which that sanction was given, to rest as she now rests on the title of the original partition, on the title of conquest, rejecting all those conditions by which, at the Treaty of Vienna, that title was, as it were, accepted by Europe. (Cheers.) What may be the consequences of that act, what conduct the different Powers of Europe may follow, is not a question on which I can properly enter. I merely wished you'to remark the fact that these conditions which are contained in the Treaty of Vienna, by which Russia obtained jthe kingdom of Poland, have not been complied with j and that with out the conditions of the tenure, the title itself can hardly be upheld. (Cheers.) His Lordship then adverted to Mexico, justifying the part which England originally took in the expedition to that country. That expedition was undertaken to intervene between the Mexican Government and the subjects of this country, who had been wronged. But when it became a question of intervening in the internal affairs of Mexico, England withdrew. If the people of Mexico approve the intervention which has taken place, if they like to set up a monarchy in Mexico, and if they all willingly obey it ; if they are enabled to establish peace and order in Mexico — on these conditions, I say, with all my heart, let them have it, and I wish them success. (Cheers.) But if they do not choose it, if the people of Mexico wish for the form of Government which for many years they have adopted, why, then, I again say we have no business to contradict them in that respect ; and that with the people of Mexico, however irregular their form of Government has been, and however the country has been deformed by acts of robbery and violence, yet I do not think we ought to interfere about their own choice of their own form of Government. (Cheers.) The rest of his speech was mainly taken up with America,and areply tothe arguments of the Hon.Chas. Sumner in his Mew York oration : — ' We recognised the South as a belligerent at the earliest possible moment,' he said in effect, ' because it wasjiecessary for our admirals to know whether ships bearing the Confederate flag were to be treated, when met with, as pirates or not, and because we could not have treated them as pirates without taking part in the contest Our abhorrence of slavery has never abated in the least, but we have never regarded it as either expedient or useful for humanity to declare that we will have no relation to a people that permits slavery to exist among them ; witness our friendship with Spain and with Brazil. We have recognised the blockade by the Federals of 3,000 miles of coast, con trary, as the Confederates contend, to international law and to the Declaration of Paris ; but it was a blockade which, as a great belligerent Power, we should have acknowledged, hardly less extensive and not less effective than we ourselves insisted upon when we were at war, and it would have been in famous in England if for her own interests she adopted a different interpretation of international law when a neutral to that which she enforced when a belligerent. We have allowed ships to leave Liver pool which have afterwards committed depredations on Federal commerce. The law on this subject is one of difficult application ; the Alabama evaded it, the steam rams were detained.' ' Everything that the law of nations requires— everything 'that the present Foreign Enlistment Act . requires, I am prepared,' said the Foreign Secretary, ' to do, even if it should be proved to be necessary for the preservation of our neutrality that the sanction of Parliament should be asked to further measures. In short, to sum up, Her Majesty's Government are prepared to do everything that the duty of neutrality requires — everything that is just to a friendly nation, taking as a principle that we should do to others as we should wish to be done to our selves. (Loud cheers.) But this we will not do — we will not adopt any measure that we think to be wrong. We will not yield a jot of British law or British right ia consequence of the menaces of any foreign Power. (Loud and prolonged cheers.) In respect to international questions the Government of America discussed them 'very fairly.' They ought to bear and forbear, — * being brethren we ought, when this unhappy contest is over, to embrace one another as friends, and that we in the Old World and they in the New ought to be the lights to promote the civilisation of mankinl.' (Loud cheers.) But he lost his patience when he saw men like Mr. Sumner heaping up accusation after accusation, and misrepresentation after misrepresentation, all tending to the bloody end of war between these two nations. I cannot but say, are they not satisfied with the blood that has been shed in the last two years, with that field of Gettysburg, were 10,000 corpses of men, most of them in the prime of manhood, were left lying stretched on the ground ? Are they not satis fied with that bloodshed, but would they seek to ex tend to the nations of Europe a new contest in which fresh sacrifices are to be made of human life, of human interest, and of human happiness ?' (Cheers,) Congresses are still the fashion. Scarcely were the sittings of the Evangelical Alliance concluded in Dublin than the Social Science Association held their annual parliament in Edinburgh, while last week the Church Congress met at Manchester, and the Con gregational Union and English Presbyterian Synod at Liverpool. The Social Science Congress seems to have had a very brilliant series of meetings. All the local cele brities, lords of the session, professors, &c.;, were present, and Prince Alfred, who is now for the winter a resident in Edinburgh, to sit under its lecturers, was very assiduous in his . attendance. Lord Brougham, the octogenarian President, was a great attraction in himself, and appears to have met with the most enthusiastic reception, duo rather to the wonderful man than to his opening speech, which was discursive and greatly wanting in judicial quality and cohesion. Fancy making the opening address at a Social Science Congress the occasion for a general review of the polities of the world. But His Lord ship was born and bred at Edinburgh, and the citizens are naturally proud of the great orator and philanthropist, who was a public character before most of them were born. They crowded the soirees, followed their hero in the streets, attended the sections, and were never tired of cheering the venerable old man and his protege, if so one may say, Prince Alfred, of whom he spoke as being ' as excel lent a young man as ever was known in this world.' It is hard to characterise in any way sii days of paper reading, and the discussions that ensued upon them, nor would your readers thank me to attempt it. Education, emigration, early closing, coopera tion, savings banks, workmen's dwellings, working men's clubs, theories of taxation, reformation and punishment, trade and international law, what occu pations women should pursue and what avoid, how the poor mignt be raised out of the dunghill, the virtues of total abstinence, and the vices of over crowding — these are but a few of the topics which occupied the attention of this omnivorous congress. The ladies came out very strong, and almost took possession of the social economy department. Miss Nightingale (whose health did not unhappily permit her presence) outshining all with her papers — ' How men may live and die in India,' ' Sanitary statistics of Native Colonial Schools,' and ' Statistics of Native Hospitals, and Causes of Disappearance of Native Races.' On the latter subject, the following remedial suggestions were made :— « 1. That provision of laud should be made for the exclusive use of the existing tribes ; but this by itself would be simply preserving their barbarism for the sake of preserving their lives. And the question naturally occurred whether Mora vian settlements, or others conducted on entirely dif ferent principles, under whatever Christian denomi nation, might be introduced for the purpose of wisely and gradually winning the people to higher and better habits. 2. A good Government, which really under stood its responsibilities, would put down with any force requisite that most accursed of all British habits, the sale of intoxicating drinks to those who never knew them before. (Hear, hear.) On the heads of these traffickers rested the bloed of thousands of their fellowmen. 3. Although a large proportion of children hare died while under school instruction, there is no. proof that education, if properly con ducted, tends to extinguish races. And it is possible that by educating outcast native children, these tribes, with whatever mental constitution endowed, may be spared to contribute their quota to human knowledge and. advancement, 4, Xhe school diseases, however, indicated that education shall be conducted in a very different manner from what it was in England. Physiology would teach us that it was not safe to take the child of uncivilized parents and to submit it all at once to the restraints of civilization. . . Physical training 'and a large amount of outdoor work are essentially necessary to success. 5. We all know how difficult it was to preserve health among dense populations in our houses at home. We might hence infer how much more difficult it was to draw together numbers of uncivilized, or partially civilized people within the same boundary, or under the same roof, without great risk to health and life. Our home experience taught us the extreme importance of favorable sanitary conditions whenever an attempt was made to bring the uucivilized within the pale of civilization. The results of the inquiry were sufficient to prove that on the local authorities of the colonies there rested a responsibility in the foee of public opinion in Europe of the very greatest kind, and was a matter for State interference. Apropos of a paper read by Mr. Torrens, on the relations between Great Britain and her colonies, Sir Henry Young, who had passed from his youth nearly the whole of his life in the colonies, having occupied in three of them successively the important post of Governor, said that the subject first introduced was of such great national importance, that he regretted the necessary rules brought Colonel Torrens's paper to a premature close. It had reference, so far as he could gather from its purport, to that severance of her colonies from Great Britain which had been advocated by that very eminent professor, Goldwin Smith ; but he (Sir Heury) must be permitted to say that, in no colony in which he had ever been, had he ever found the slightest desire on the part of the colonists to coincide in his views for severing their conneotion with this country. ' The hard doctrines of political economy which would advocate the severance of our colonies, and the plea that they did not pay, was surely rebutted by the feet that they made one third of the business o£ the country. He could bring personal testimony to the fact that in the various colonies of North America, British Guiana, and in Australia, there was no desire whatever to sever them from the mother country. (Cheers.) In the Juris prudence Department there was an interesting dis cussion on Mr. Torrens's system of Registra tion of Titles, which Lord Brougham said he thought might be extended to Ireland. The Solicitor-General for Ireland said the Irish system had produced the best results, and any person who wished to purchase or sell property had no diffi culty in doing so, and getting an indefeasible title to it as cheaply as possible. But they were now asked to go farther, and he thought the extension of the Torrens system to Ireland was inexpedient. He thought the system was open to so serious objections that it ought not to be extended either to Scotland or Ireland. (Applause.) He held that the syBtem in Ireland did not require to be supplemented by this system of registration. The system had only been on trial for a very Bhort time in a country of which they did not know very much. It might be, and he dared say was, very acceptable to land jobbers and money lenders. (Laughter.) He should certainly like to have a much larger and longer experience of the system to see whether it was likely to operate preju dicially upon private rights. After some dis cussion, in which Mr. Adair, Mr. Wright, Mr. Hblfcon, Mr. Bagot, Dr. Parkhurst, Dr. Zimmerman, and Dr. Hancock took part, Colonel Torrens replied, contending that the whole of the arguments of the Solicitor-General for Ireland were based upon misrepresentations of the proposal. Lord Curriechill (president), after expressing his opinion that the discussion would be of very great advantage, referred to the remarks of Colonel Tor rens on Friday, and said that, as he understood the system, it would just come to this — if it was intro duced in Scotland, that the tenures by which lands in Scotland were held, and under which the rights of property were partitioned between several parties, must be rescinded. That was a preliminary. Now he must say that that startled him at the very outset. Another matter which impressed him very strongly was this, that the system of establishing absolute in defeasibility of title necessarily implied that in some circumstances the person who was the true owner must lose his right, and the right of a usurper be conclusively established. Before this system was in troduced into Scotland there ought to be a very careful enquiry how far the law had not gone in this direction already, and how far it did not afford protection. He thought that in this, as in all reforms, it was very desirable to see whether the end could not be substantially obtained by giving more efficiency to existing institutions, instead of wiping them out and commencing a new system altogether. In the Social Economy department Mr. C. E. Bagot read a paper entitled ' An Ample Fund for Emigra tion in the Colonial Crown Lauds.' The writer pointed out that the unoccupied territory of the British colonies was of almost illimitable extent. It was ample enough to absorb the population of the United Kingdom twenty times over. To whom (he asked) does the revenue arising from the sale of these lands belong — to the colony or the mother country ; and how should it be expended? Unfortunately the noble revenue derived from the sale of the crown lands — now £2,000,000 — was no longer ours ; and we had no control over its allocation. Parliament, with a blind and improvident generosity, made over to the colonists the disposition of all the crown lands and of the revenues to be derived from them. The land funds in Australia had been applied ia great part to the general purposes of the colonies in relief of their own taxation. For some years assistance to immi grants was wholly discontinued ; and though it was now renewed, only one-third or one-fourth of the fund had been so applied 5 that is, a sum of about £250,000 out of an income of nearly £2,000,000. These remarks apply to Australia and New Zealand. The writer thought that it might not yet be too late to make some arrangement with the Australian Legislature, whereby they would be induced to apply a larger proportion — say, one half — of these funds to emigration ; and the example of what we had lost afforded a weighty argument for avoiding such an error in future dealings with the lands as yet unappropriated. The writer estimated that a mil linn a year might be reckoned on as a revenue from unappropriated landB ; and that this sum would pay all expenses of management and of surveys, and carry out at least 40,000 emigrants every year—diverting to the colonies a large portion of the stream which now flowed to the American States. Colonel Torrens said that Mr. Bagot's valuable paper pointed out one of the most extraordinary anomalies in the British Constitution. The Secretary of State, by a mere scratch of the pen, had the power to make away with enormous territory held in trust for the people of England. Captain Bagot made some re marks in confirmation of the views already expressed, and regretted that so thin an audience should have met to hear a paper so deeply interesting, especially to the working-classes. The subject of transportation and penal servitude was discussed in a variety of papers. Sir Walter Crofton was present to defend the Irish system, of which he was the author, and found a strenuous supporter in Lord Brougham, and other eminent men. In fact the general conclusion' seemed to be that its applica tion to England, with certain modifications, was essential. He was opposed mainly by Mr. Hill Burton, of the Scottish Board of Prisons ; and, if it be true, as he said, that there is not one half the crime in Scotland now that there was twelve years ago, he may reasonably demur to any change north of the Tweed. In one of the discussions on this fruitful subject, Mr. Cave, M.P.,*said he was sorry at the line of conduct taken by the Australian colonies, for he held that if they were part of Great Britain they had as good right to take without com plaint convicts sent to them as Devonshire with its Dartmoor or Dorsetshire with its Portland. Mr. Torrens, in the course of a few remarks, said that to speak of Western Australia as capable of absorbing tile criminal population of England was quite abaurb, the fact being that it could not absorb its own non criminal population, nor the population which is sent there at present, as was distinctly shown by the statistics of the country. What the transportation to Western Australia really meant was transportation to Australia ; and he thought that the people of those colonies had good'reason to cry out against the system of removing to them the convicts from England. Mr. Hastings, the Secretary, said that in regard to the renewal of transporation, he was thoroughly opposed to it, and those who thought differently — however much respect he might feel for them per sonally—appeared to him to be laboring under some form of delusion or some great misapprehension, Mr. Hastings proceeded to show how the different argu ments in favor of transportation destroyed one another. At the concluding general meeting Mr. Hastings moved a series of resolutions on thesubjectas follows: — ' 1. That in the opinion of this Association the failure of the present system of convict discipline in Eng land is chiefly due to the short sentences frequently passed on habitual criminals, the want of an efficient probationary stage for convicts under sentence, and of police supervision over discharged prisoners. 2. That these defects would be remedied by adopting and carrying out the principles of the convict system which, have been so successfully administered in Ire land. 3. That it is not desirable to attempt any return to the old system of transportation, which, apart from the opposition it would provoke from the coloniess, would entail heavy and permanent expense on this country, without producing aay adequate advantages or any results which would not be better as well as more cheaply obtained by well-regulated convict establishments at home. 4. That, at the same time, it is moBt desirable to encourage the emi gration of criminals sentenced to penal servitude who shall have, by steady industry and labor whilst in prison or under probation, saved sufficient to enable them to defray the whole or the greater part of their passage-money to any colony they may select.' These resolutions were carried, Mr. HUl Beeton protesting. Subsequently it was referred to the Council to con sider the propriety of adding a seventh department to the Association— that of colonization, and emigration, Before taking leave pf the subject I ought to advert to the remarks made by Lord Carriehill, the Presi dent of the Jurisprudence Department, in his opening address, on the state of the right to land, in a com mercial point of view, in the colonies of Great Britain. That portion of his speech I send separately. It may suffice here to say that he estimated, in three groups of colonies defined by him, there were 1,700 millions of acres, of which more than 1,500 millions remain unalienated. He spoke of this as 'a vast patrimonial inheritance held for behoof of ourselves and our descendants.' We ought to be cautious in peopling these districts ' with criminal inhabitants,' and to look forward to their ultimately becoming separate and independent nations — perhaps great empires which might ' ever retain and exhibit kindly and filial regard for their old mother oountry.' The Church Congress at Manchester the week before last was a success in some respects — a failure in others. The Bishop of Manchester presided, and the Bishops of Oxford and Melbourne, with many dignitaries of the Church, were present — altogether some 700 clergymen. With one exception, viz., the Church in Ireland, the political relations of the Establishment were avoided. ° 'Church Exten sion;' ' Church Architecture;' the 'Supply and Training of Ministers;' 'Lay Co-operation;' the ' Church in Ireland ;' the ' Management of a Large Parish ;' ' Parochial Mission Women ;' the ' Law of the Colonial Church;' and the 'Church in Lancashire,' were the principal subjects named for discussion. The aim of the promoters was evidently to secure an expression of opinion on the internal eoonomy of the Church. The great defect of these meetings was the open and bitter differences that ob tained. 'As far as we are aware,' says the Daily News, ' no meeting hitherto called in this country for a religious purpose — at all events, no meeting oonfined to the members of one community, has been so marked by disorder and uproar as this Congress. Tumultuous cries, reproaches, recriminations, and unseemly interruptions have marked every day's pro ceedings.' This is the way the discussions were carried on : — The Rev. Alexander Watson spoke on the subject of Church Architecture, and was obliged to sit down from ' interruption.' The Rev. Joseph Bardsley, who followed, was also 'interrupted.' Canon Stoweu, in reading his paper on the Training of Ministers, was, we are told by the Times, 'loudly interrupted by alternate cheers and hisses,' while an allusion to the Act of Uniformity was met by 'cries of 'No' and great uproar.' The meeting ultimately 'shouted' the Canon down. Then there followed another scene. Archdeacon Denison came on the field, and had spoken just one sentence when the clergy of the 'Church of deportment' indulged themselves in ' hisses and whistling.' Next there were ' Oh, oh's,' 'hisses and stamping,' 'renewed interruptions,' 'general commotion,' 'cries of 'Shame,'' and ' intense uproar.' After this came ' a storm of hisses' ' shouted commands to ' sit down,' ' ' renewed cries of ' Shame,' ' violent gesticulations of ' one or two reverend gentlemen,' and finally 'great uproar foe several minutes.' The Record has now thrown the Congress over. After the Manchester proceed ings, it describes it as ' a one sided affair ;' says that certain Evangelical clergymen were 'decoy ducks' there; that 'the semblance of unanimity or concord is impossible ;' that it is a High Church affair, and that' Evangelical clergymen had 'far better stay at home' than go to another such meeting. One critic, in the course of a lengthened description of the Congress, bears testimony to the generally earnest and Christian love which pervaded the papers which were read. Occasionally a lofty singleness and purity of purpose was manifested which ought to have commanded great respect. But however high the character of the speaker, or his paper, either grave attention or uninterrupted hearing not one seems to have secured. I now come to the third Congress, the Congre gational Union, which met at Liverpool on the same days as the Church Congress at Manchester. I may preface what I have to say on that matter with the remark that the Rav. T. Binney is en deavouring to raise money for the Memorial Church to the Rev. T. Q. Stow. In a published appeal signed by himself, the Minister of Weigh-house Chapel says — ' The object of this paper is to state that the chapel in which Mr. Stow officiated, in* Freeman street, Adelaide, though one of the most important of its public buildings when first erected, has long ceased to be sufficient for the growing requirements of the congregation, or adequately to represent the religious body of which it may be describod, in colonial language, as the Mother Church. It has been determined, therefore, by the friends in Adelaide to build a new place of worship at once to meet the demand for enlarged accommo dation, and to honor the memory of the Father and Founder of the Congregational Denomination in South Australia. Such is the double purpose of the projected Stow Memorial Church. The undersigned had the privilege of appealing to his co-religionists in this country on behalf of the first building, and of obtaining for it a considerable sum. Although the greater number of those who at that time felt a per sonal interest in the deceased, have, like himself, ' fallen asleep,' it is hoped that there are yet many who will deem it an honor to aid in this appropriate tribute to his services. ' The memory of the just is blessed.' 'The righteous shall be held in everlasting remembrance. Without the proposed ' memorial,' indeed, these Divine sayings wUl be realised and illus trated in respect to Mr. Stow in the land of his adop tion ; but it cannot be improper in itself, and it will not be without many beneficial results, for the rever ence and affection of the living to raise a monument to the usefulness of the dead. This would be true of a tablet or a tomb; it is emphatically so, when what is projected will increase the power and multiply the activities of that com munity for which the deceased lived and labored.' Mr. Binney advertises the receipt of some £300 in addition to £500 subscribed by Mr. and Mrs. Hay. At the first meeting of the Congregational Union he made a humorous speech, telling his auditors that he wanted money, and that he came to beg £1,500 lor the Colonial Missionary Society, and he made a funny calculation of the collections made for thatSoeiety. The figures, with the speaker's comments, a good deal excited the risible faculties of the meeting. Finally, to show the actual state of affairs, he stated that a young man, admirably adapted to the colonies, was about to be ordained, and had taken a berth in a ship, when the committee were obliged to resolve that they could not spare the money required to send him out. Eighty pounds, said the speaker, would do it, and yet he (Mr. Binney) had at that time in hand £150 from the churches in Tasmania for the relief of destitute churches in Lancashire. The Chairman of the Union this year is the Rev. E. Mellor, the successor of the late lamented Dr. Raffles, in whose chapel, Great George-street, the Conference was held. There were some 600 ministers and delegates present. The Chairman's address was full of point and pith. Mr. Mellor described with much impressiveness the obligations of individual Christians to consecrate themselves to the profession they had assumed, and to take their share in the work of elevating and evangelising the world around them. He felicitously expounded the duty of Chris tian liberality in the support of religion, and the idea of stewardship in the use of temporal means for the service of God. Of course one of the first things done was the passing of a resolution expressive of esteem and veneration for the memory of Dr. Raffles. During the four days' session papers were read on ' British Missions ;' ' The method of introducing ministers to our churches;' ' The English Congre gational Chapel Building Society ;' ' The Bicentenary Celebration justified by the testimony of Churchmen ;' ' Trust-deeds of Chapels ;' and ' The best means of developing the denominational resources with a view to the extension of the cause of Christ.' There were also crowded public meetings to illustrate Congregational principles, and to promote British missions, and a public breakfast of the mem bers and friends of the Congregational Board of Education. On some points there were in the Con ference meetings slight differences of opinion, but not the remotest breach of decorum or even of strong expressions. This may be owing to the fact that at Liverpool all were substantially agreed, while at Manchester there were essential differences. Two Lan cashire clergymen have resigned their offices in conse quence of their inability to reconcile their Evangelical views with the requirements of the Prayer Book. This is the first fruits of the Bicentenary agitation of last year. Within a twelvemonth four clergymen have left the Establishment for the same reason. This, though scarcely noticeable in a list of some 18,000 clergy, is of some significance. The Evan gelical party are becoming more and more dissatisfied and uncomfortable. Witness the Church Congress at Manchester ; and if it were true that Canon Stanley, one of the very Broad Church, is likely to succeed to the Arohiepiscopal See of Dublin, there would be a great storm among them. But though such an appointment would, no doubt, be in harmony with the wishes of the Queen and Heir- Apparent, I think Lord Palmerston would be on prudential grounds indisposed to sanction it. The death of good Archbishop Whately leaves a void which cannot be filled. Before the Reform Bill he was chief of the small band of Liberals at Oxford University, and at the head of the school of econo mists and logicians. His elevation at one stride from a Professorship to an Archbishoprio created an im mense sensation in 1831. But he justified the choice of the first Reform Government. He was one of the most strenuous supporters of the Irish system of National Education, and published aconsiderable num- ' ber of theological writings, consisting of sermons and charges, all marked by a desire to place religion on a simple and scriptural basis, and in harmony with man's intellectual nature. His style is aphoristic and luminous, and his reasoning most severe. He is the author, among other works, of a treatise on political economy, and the best manual of logic which we possess, and has published an edition of 'Bacon's Essays.' In an obituary notice, the Times says of the late prelate .—'This contest between Archbishop Whately and the Roman. Catholic party did much to conciliate the Evan* gelical clergy, and raised him much higher in the estimation of the Protestants 'of Ireland generally. From that time a better understanding and a more cordial state of feeling existed between him and the majority of the clergy of his own diocese. These amicable relations were strengthened by the zeal and activity of Mrs. Whately and her daughters in esta- J bushing and conducting ragged-schools and support ing the Irish Church Missions to Roman Catholics. The Archbishop took no part in these proselytizing movements, though he looked kindly on the efforts of those who were engaged in them. There never was a more disinterested prelate, or one more munificent, according to his means, than the late Archbishop. He had but one son ; he is a clergyman of many years' standing and superior ability, and yet all that his father did for him was to give him tbe small parish of St. Werburgh, in Dublin, worth only £300 or £400 a year. . . The liberality of Archbishop Whately in assisting the destitute families of clergy men and others, specially during the tithe war and the famine years, was unexampled in Ire land except in the case of the late Lord Pri mate, whose great wealth enabled him to surpass every one in princely munificence. The Archbishop of Dublin's income consisted almost entirely of the revenues of his diocese ; and it may be truly said, that according to his means his bounty was unparal leled, and that in his character he presented the rare combination of great intellectual power, profound learning, and extraordinary public spirit, with an extremely kind and sympathetic heart. His generosity, however, was not impulsive, but well regulated and discriminating. He once boasted in the House of Lords that there was one thing with which he could not reproach himself — he had never relieved a mendi cant in the streets. He took care so to administer relief as not to encourage idleness and vice. When he gave away considerable sums of money to relieve deserving persons in temporary difficulties, he was accustomed to get them to sign a document promising to repay the amount whenever they were able to per sons similarly circumstanced. Among the monu ments of his liberality which he has left behind him is the Whately Professorship of Political Economy, whioh he endowed in the Dublin University. Something like £3,000 was raised in large contribu tions on behalf of British missions before the Con ference separated. The discussion which excited moBt interest was that raised on the question ' How to prevent improper persons being introduced into the ministry ;' the most important that on 'Trust deeds,' the general opinion being that chapel, trusts were too stringent and denominational and cumbersome. A committee was appointed ' to consider the best means of training the members of our churches for the work especially assigned to them — that of bringing the world to the rule of Christ ; such committee to report the result of their discussion to the next autumnal meeting.' There is no doubt that the Congrega tionalist body are taking their full share in the work of promoting religion in Great Britain, and give evi dence of much religious vitality. Their churches number nearly 3,000 ; or, including preaching stations and mission churches at home and abroad, fully 10,000 congregations, with probably two millions of worshippers. For Bicentenary purposes, including new chapels and a memorial hall, something more than a quarter of a million was subscribed, and last year about £18,000 was 'specially set apart for the relief of Lancashire distress. Besides the various colleges for the training of ministers — about eight — two new institutions have been established in the last six months — one at Bristol the other at Nottingham — for educating evangelists to act as supplementary preachers. Then the Congregationalists have a Pastors' Retiring Fund of some £30,000, and their Missionary Society have funds which probably reach to £200,000 a year. At the ripe ago of 92, the venerable Lord Lynd hurst has been withdrawn from the scene of his varied triumphs. What a career was that of this venerable man ! He was born in Boston about the time of the ' Tea Riots,' which led to the rupture with England, and tbe independence of the United States. He was brought early to England, entered for the Bar, and was known for his democratic views. But this clever young man was soon marked as a desirable acquisition by the heads of the Tory party, and equally soon, also, gained over to their side. The consummate ability of Mr., shortly afterwards Sir John Copley, speedily secured him the Solicitor and subsequently the Attorney Generalship, but he had to 'eat much dirt' in ap pearing for the Crown against Queen Caroline and several persons tried for sedition, and in opposing Catholic Emancipation, and Parliamentary Reform and the repeal of the Tests Act. He even did his best to thwart the liberal tendencies of Sir Robert Peel. Three times Lord Chancellor, he became a power in the Lords, but did not do much for legal reform. The latter portion of his life somewhat re deemed his earlier career. In 1846 he finally retired from of&ce.; Since that time he has acted the part of an exalted and impartial critic of the measures brought forward by Liberals and Conservatives alike, though it must be owned that he lent to Lord Derby a stronger support than was probable from his ante cedents in office as the colleague of Canning and Sir Robert Peel. In spite of increasing years, Lord Lyndhurst until very recently was one of the most effective of Parliamentary orators in either House. When he spoke on an important question the House was crowded. His style of Oratory was very captivating, and his voice one of the most clear and musical, while the clearness of bis dic tion and the chaste elegance of his style were most remarkable. His allusions to classical literature were frequent ; and they were always in good taste and applicable to the subject. His speeches delivered during the last few years upon the Wensleydale peer age, on the state of Italy, and on moving the Oaths Abjuration Bill, may rank among the highest of oratorical displays. He deserves to be honorably remembered for his support of Jewish rightB and Polish independence, and his last days were spent tranquilly and religiously in the bosom of his family, and preparation for that unseen life towards which he was verging. On hearing of the great peer's, and his rival's death at the Social Science Congress, Lord Brougham was greatly affected, aad the event must have sadly moved our veteran Premier, who, in the past generation, so often encountered Sir John Copley in the arena of the House of Commons. A few words about Lancashire. The last report of the Central Committee at Manchester is very cheer ling. In December last there were 286,729 persons employed, and 247,230 out of work ; and in the first 1 category only 121,129 were in full work. What is the case now P At the end of September there were 267,962 in full work — that is, double the number of December last ; 104,198 were on short time, and 160,835 out of work. The actually destitute have fallen from 456,786 in January last to 184,625 in September. The diminution has been progressive. The tide turned in January, and ever since that period it has fallen steadily without a single excep tion. The Committee look forward to the winter without despair. They have still some £400,000 in hand, they can look to the Public Works Act for keeping a large number in employ, and they report considerable activity in the mills. They only ask for contributions of oaBt-off or warm clothing for their clients. The supply of cotton at Liverpool is still low, under 200,000 bales, but Mr. E. Ashworth estimates that there is a steady increase, and that next year's supply will be 50 per cent, above that of 1863. The most novel item of Continental news is M. Nadar's giant balloon, or aerial machine guided by some sort of screw apparatus. This monster in aeros tation stands — or rather stood — 14 metres ltigher than the towers of Notre Dame, and 20,000 yards of silk, costing £6,500, were employed in its construc tion. The following extract will convey an idea of its novelties : — The car consists of two stages or floors, and is 2.50 metres high by 4 metres wide. It is built of beech and wicker- work, supported by 20 cables crossing each other on the side9 and cables, and at tached to the circle from which it depends. It rests also on two axles and four wheels, which are capable of being adjusted after a descent. It is furnished, moreover, with buffers inside, and others of air, caoutchouc bags in a girdle on tbe outside, to lessen shocks. The ground-floor contains central passages en croix, and six divisions. At one end is the cap tain's cabin, with a bed 75 centimetres wide, and underneath is a compartment for luggage. At the other end is the . passengers' cabin containing three beds superposed, each 60 centimetres wide — 10 less than the captain's bed ; but then Nadar loves to take his ease in bed. Four other divisions are appropriated to washing and toilette, to store for provisions, to photography and printing. The monster balloon made its first ascent with 15 persons, including a live Princess (de la Tour d' Awoergne) on Sunday, October 4th, from the Champ de Mars in presence of 150,000 spectators. At nine o'clock the same evening, the valve not working, the balloon descended on the marshes of Barcy, about three leagues beyond Meaux. It en countered three shocks, the last of whioh completely overturned the car, and laid the balloon on what the sailors would term her beam-ends. The intrepid aeronauts scrambled to mother earth at the cost of a few bruises and a sprained kneecap or two. Nothing daunted, M. Nadar resolved on a second ascent. It took place on Sunday, the 18th, in the Champ de Mars, in presence of the Emperor, the King of the Greeks, and an immense assembly of persons, who paid for admission. This time there were only nine persons on board. The account of the voyage, and its disastrous termination in Hanover, is graphically! told by M. Eugene Arnoult, one of the passengers, in a letter to a Paris newspaper. I have nol much to add respecting poor Poland, now in the merciless hands of Berg and Mouravieff, who are slowly crushing out its national life. The Three Powers are greatly irritated at the scarcely concealed resolve of the Czar to Russianize Poland and annex it to the empire ; but they know not what to do — the time for action is past. By the spring there seems too much reason to fear that there will to no Poland to champion— nothing bat a quivering nation subdued if not contented to have passed away from national existence. In America the balance once more inclines in favor of the Confederates. Charleston resists the utmost efforts of General Gilmore, the Federal expeditions have met with a severe repulse in Texas, and guerillas swarm along the Mississippi ; but the great event of the month is the defeat of Rosecranz in Northern Georgia. The significance of the campaign in Tennes see and of recent military operations is well indicated in the following extract from the London Review : — ' Until within the last few weeks it was supposed that Bragg had constructed a formidable entrenched camp at Chattanooga, and that he would deliver a great battle before abandoning so strong a position. And no doubt had Rosecranz attempted to attack his opponent in front, he would have adopted these tactics. But Rosecranz followed a different plan. Leaving a considerable force to threaten Bragg, and to make feints at crossing, Rosecranz himself marched westwards towards Stevenson, and passing the Ten nessese river, turned eastward by Bridgeport until he threatened the rear of Bragg and his communication with the south. At the same time, Burnside with a strong division passing through Cumberland Moun tains, took possession of Knosville, about ninety or a hundred miles north-east of Chattanooga — cut off the means by which Bragg could communicate with Vir ginia, and halted for orders. Thus threatened on both flanks, Bragg abandoned Chattanooga, and re tired upon the railway which passes through Atalanta. But it was not to be supposed that officers so able as Jefferson Davis and Lee would fail to appreciate the importance of the success obtained by Rosecranz, or allow him to retain his advantage without a vigorous struggle. They had one course open, and that was to concentrate every disposable man within the limits of the Confederacy, and to launch whatever army they could muster against Rosecranz before he could be joined by Burnside or by any portion of Grant's army. Doubts have been suggested whether any considerable body of men had joined Bragg before Rosecranz was attacked on the 19th of Sep tember; but the manner in which the Southern commanders have hitherto conducted their affairs forbids the belief that they could have so eggre giously failed in their duty. It is certain that Buckner had retired before Barnside, and it is, therefore, probable that he joined Bragg. There is every reason to believe that the scattered remnants of the army of Johnstone had returned to the same plaoe. It is stated that the number of troops under Bragg numbered at least 70,000, to which must be added 20,000 men from Virginia and other quarters. Upon the whole, therefore, it may be assumed that just before the 19th September Bragg's army num bered 90,000 men. On the other hand, Rosecranz is said to have had 60,000 men when he advanced from Murfrees borough. Allowing 20,000 to maintain his communication with Nashville, it is calculated that, after turning Chattanooga, he only had 40,000. To these should be added the division of Burnside, which is reckoned at 30,000, and whatever other troops were expected from the west. If these numbers at all represent the fact, it is obvious that Rosecranz was greatlo outnumbered ; but the position he oecu piep on the Chicamanga Creek was selected by him self for its strength, and was no doubt to a certain extent fortified. As we have said, the details of the battles of the 19tb, 20fch, and 21st, are most imper fect. Thus much, however, is clear, that the Fede rals occupied the heights probably on the south side of Chicamanga Creek — a small river which, running north-eastward, falls into the Tennessee. On the morning of Saturday, the 19th, the Confederates made a furious attack upon the Federal line, and drove back the right and centre, whilst the left, under Thomas, seem3 to have maintained itself throughout the day ; but we are told that, at the end of the battle, 'the Federals had recovered their old position. The battle was renewed on next day. Again, Thomas, on the left, maintained his position, but the right and centre were br oken, and before night the whole line was compelled to retreat and to take up a position nearer Chattanooga. According to all the accounts, the Federal General, Thomas, fought with unflinching obstinacy, and on Monday, the 21st, repulsed an attack which seems to have been made by the Con federate G-eneral, Bishop Polk. The result was, that Rosecranz still stood in line of battle some miles south of Chattanooga, and probably on the range of hills which is known by the name of the Mission Ridge. Since the 21st no fighting had taken place, and Federal telegrams from the scene of action come down to the 24th. Rosecranz could have but one object in remaining where he was. He must have been expecting reinforcements. There is no proof that Burnside had joined him, nor is there any proof that that officer has met with any reverse. If Rose cranz retreats he will be compelled to cross the Ten nessee river in presence of -a powerful and victorious army of Confederates. Bragg will restore the direct line of communication with Virginia, and recover the whole region of Eastern Tennessee. On the other hand, if Rosecranz even maintains his position, the Confederates must fight another action in order to restore the direct communication with Virgina, or they must content themselves with the only remaining line of railway which passes through Atlanta. Under such circumstances, it is not probable that either commander will retire if such a step can possibly be prevented.' 