NOTICES TO CORRESPONDENTS. " One whow'filiPH to Volunteer. "—Our Information upon teh subject does not extend beyond the published conditions of the military settlement. Dr Berginy'a publication did reach us. The Ministerul journals seem never weary of sin»'inn; pienns over the recent success ot Mr. Miciiie at Colac. A majority of four over a simple coun try gentleman, one utterly unknown to political life, engaged in a pursuit which must have made him the reverse of popular amongst the small farmers, oi whom the constituency of Polwarth is composed, and certainly not endowed by nature with those qualities which enable a practised orator to sway the passions of the crowd, and make the worse appear the better reason, is mag nified into a glorious victory. All the resources of rhetoric and smart writing are pressed into the service in order to make the thoughtless and the unwary throw their hats into the air, and he as ecstatic as the hon. Minister of Justice himself. Gordon Bennet could do no more to prove that Bull's Run was a great Federal triumph. The Ministry appear to iiave profited very considerably by their connexion with the 'astute electioneering agents whom the Victorian Association brought into being. These gentlemen seem to have attained great eminence in their profession. Mr. M'Gaxn is so elated -by the success which attended his early experiments in self-reporting that lie lias - been emboldened to try higher game than the Geelong Adver tiser. His last exploit has been to forward his own reports to the Mel bourne journals, and, like the French artists, who draw battle-pieces in which the English are invariably beaten, the wily member for South Grant lias takon good care to make the case of his protege, Mr. Michie, look as wen as possime. Hie small majority is accounted for by hints at manipu lation on the part of the Returning Officer, and a coarse insinuation that some malpractices must have occurred at Winclielsea, or so many votes could riot have been polled tliere. As regards the former statement, we should like to hear the evidence of some less unscru pulous partizan than Mr. M'Cann, whose reputation for making rasli and unsupported charges stands already unenviubly high. The other allega tion is cowardly and ridiculous. Mr. Aumytaqe has resided for years in the vicinity of Winshelsea. Even his ene- riiies ndmit that he is tliere popular and beloved. Surely it is not remarkable that a greater amount of enthusiasm should lie -displayed in his behalf, than was shewn for the namby-pamby Wit.kie, or the inodorous Nixon. The : election lias no political signi ficance whatever. It is not wonderful that a practiced politician, an eloquent speaker who did not hesitate to employ the most shallow casuistry for the sake of propitiating the protectionists, and who was not afraid to humbug the electors in the most impudent manner, | by coolly informing them that it was inot "generally considered disadvan- " tageous to return a minister," should in an agricultural district beat a squatler who cannot utter two con secutive sentences, and who had not a single person about him who knew anything of electioneering tactics. Mr. Miciiie has been returned. Let him make the most of it. If any honour is to ho g'ained by being- the successor of Mr. Nixon, let.it be enjoyed. But do not let this wretched majority bo converted into a great party triumph. The recent election at Colac shows, if it shows anything, that the present coalition is already beginning to break up from internal weakness, and that it is as profoundly distrusted by the squatters, — by the Hurrays, the Armytaqes, and tlie IIopkinses, — as by the real friends oFtlio" "people,' '"'by M'Lki.lan, by Edwards, and by Owens. Such is the moral we deduce from an event which has made some of our contem poraries so disagreeably and dis cordantly jubilant. Almost every book, pamphlet or pub lication of a mere fugitive nature that we take up, treating of the American civil war, assures us that although, all the horrors of Bellona arc enacting at various .territorial points, the amuse ment of the .urban population is not lost sight of, either in the Federal or Confederate States. New York and Washington, Richmond, Mobile, and even New Orleans, despite the harrow ing evidence of the fury of internercine strife that Is continuously shown in the tcrriblo spectacles of crowded hos pitals and, still moro fearfully signifi cant, in the prevalence of the mourning habit, still have thoir theatres open and their ballrooms crammed. ft is a sound philosophy this exaltation of pleasure, a gentle and humane, hut, withal, effective antidote to tlio weary misery of political contention ; and, so long as it is not abused in actual illus tration, must elevate rather than injure public spirit. Rational recreation pos sesses much the same importance in the construction of society that sugar lias in the maintenance of the animal economy, and is, in fact, an indispen sable agent in preserving the equili brium of a community. Those who regard the amusement of a population as a trivial matter, and beneath the dignity of man's serious consideration, commit an error which, could it he reduced to practice, would render life intolerable. We know there is a school of asceticism extant, that ignores in its creed the element of pleasure, but we are satisfied in the conviction that its doctrines are not likely to obtrude themselves upon this generation at least. In a small way we in this eolony liave our political troubles, and indeed at this moment, are in the very thick of a new series. But, fortunately, local patriotism is not restricted to the Legislative Chambers, or the stump, for the means of displaying- itself; and a still happier circumstance is the fact that there are citizens who correctly appreciate the value of entertaining the public by the application of a less exciting stimulant than a political crisis. Mr. Edward Coiien, the . Mayor of this city, is de cidedly no alumnus of the severe doctrinaires to whose existence we have referred, but a gentleman who thoroughly believes in the efficacy of rational amusement, and who, as we rejoice to perceive, is fully prepared to demonstrate his principles in a practi cal manner. To him the community owe the prospect of being relieved from the exclusive contemplation of the poli tical firmament to which their fate had else condemned thcra. Mr. Cohen's timely flapping has recalled us from tho dreary pursuit of stargazing to the real business ol life, and for a season we are furnished, thanks to him, with a subject much more gratifying to our taste than any theme suggested by the commonplace movements of such planets as M'Oulloch or the eccen tricities of the comet Michie. In short Mr. Cohen has interfered to pre vent a complete petrifaction of in tellect and the induration of every genial faculty by announcing a Fancy Ball. This being the case, it now be comes our duty to evince the high estimation we entertain for so splendid a display of public spirit on his part by urging upon those who are to benefit by it a corresponding- alacrity in taking- such stops as are necessary to ensure a thoroughly successful result to the ni'nmtcofl onforf-ai-n-mnnf Englishmen are frequently told, by home as well us. foreign critics, that they a;e incapable of diverting them selves away from the cricket-field, tho racecourse, or the skittle alley. The amusements of English women, accord ing to the same veracious authorities, rarely comprehend anything more en livening than knitting, netting, and crochet, dusting chimney ornaments, and the manufacture of' baby-linen. But we are outliving these scandals as we have survived others, such, for in stance, as denied to us the musical fnculty, sneered at our - taste in dress, and condemned our cookery. Doubt less there is still much left, for us to learn in the art of enjoying- ourselves, hut we evidently possoss the instinct which indicates the way to amuse and he amused. The stiff formality which was once so marked a peculiarity of the English character is gradually disappearing before the vast improvement in manners, which cer tainly is one of the most precious fruits of the French alliance. Pegtops, pan taloons, and crinoline are others of more equivocal value ; but they may be accepted even gratefully, ii; with them, we can put on the easy grace which 'so pleasingly distinguishes social communication in France. We can, however, dispense with certain other marked traits of character that are developed by our allies. Particularly —to cite the dicta of our detractors, was it impossible for us to enter fully into the delights of a masquerade or: a fancy ball. Our notions of fun were coarse, and our illustrations of it bois terous and vulgar. We had little idea of the qualifications necessary to the impersonation of a character, and none whatever of supporting it. Do what we would, wo could not divest ourselves even momentarily, of our in tense individuality. IIenry die Eighth by Jenkins was simply our esteemed countryman in a Tudor suit of clothes. The externals of the royal polygamist only were imitated; the personification flatly contradicted his tory in every other respect. What tarradiddles have all the writers of Eng lish history, from Pinnock down ward been tolling us of the mirthful qualities of Charles II., if Muffins, of the civil service, who has disguised himself as the playful Stuart is to be accepted as a truthful representative? Merry monarch, in- ' deed ! Was there ever so barefaced a misprision of the duties of the historian as to humbug posterity into believing that such a title could have been earned by a King whom Muffins — who has in every sense crammed for the part — knows well was an unhappy imbecile, who ought never to have been free from quinsy or diphtheria? Then, taking Miss Perkins's idea of Anne Boleyn as correct, who will condemn Henry for indulging in her case tho idiosyncracy which has made his reign a caution to persons about to marry ? Persons of the Jenkins, Muffins, and Perkins types still exhibit themselves at fancy balls, but we believe the number is diminishin«-. With the recollection of the ball given by Mr. J. T. Smith when Mayor vividly impressed upon our mind, we have every hope that the entertainment which that gentleman's successor has announced will exhibit that improve ment in taste which we have a right to look for. The preparations which arc being made seem to give assurance that the invited guests contemplate entering into tho spirit of the affair regardless, at least, of expense. There is an ex tensive demand for books of cos tumes, and the mercers and milliners are actively employed. Tho face of beauty wears an anxious expres sion, as paterfamilias pauses ere he assents to the estimates, while the male scions of the house are constant visitors at the theatres, and close stu dents of Planche on costume. Mem bers of several families, their friends, and connections join in making up a full cast of tho characters in some well known historical novel, or some one of Shakspere's plays — an excellent idea, which, if extensively carried out, will insure tho Mayor against the multipli cation of gipsy queens, flower girls, and representatives of tho Seasons in the hall-room, besides presenting a very elegant method of giving additional eclat tn the hall. Lastly, it is gratify ing to know that the volunteer uniform will not he considered a fancy, and it certainly is not a becoming, dress, so that there is every reason to believe the costume of every-day life will bd banished, for one night, at least,- in favour of something more picturesque. The Bnllnarnt banquet to Sir Henry Bnrkly lias been fixed for tbe 1st of September. Tlie next graiul Masonic Ball is fixed for tho 8tli of August, and it will take place in St. George's Hull. The last took place two years ago. We may remind the members of the Royal Society that Professor Nouinaycr intends to explain the pendulam apparatus this evening, ot his residence, the new Observatory. The August General Sessions of the County of Bourhc will commence on Monday next, in the County Court-house. The calendar of pri soners for trial appears in another column. We understand that the effects of the reduc tion in the tariff of charges on merchandise from Bnllaarat to Geelong and Melbourne is now beginning to be apparent. On Thursday Messrs Rhodes Brothers forwarded fifty bags of oats to Melbourne, the first instalment of 509 bags. Professor Hnlford delivered his lecture on the relation of man to the lower animals, to a large audience, at St. George's hall, yesterday evening. His Excellency Sir Ileury Barkly, presided. The proceeds of the lecture were devoted to the Melbourne Orphan Asylum, and the St. Vincent de Paul Orphanage. A report of the lecture appears in another column. Stealing blank electoral forms is the newest development of petty larceny, the first example of which has been furnished by Dnylcsford. Some cnterprisiug patriot in Melbourne has also commenced upon a small scale. Yesterday, some ucisou inadvertently — it is presumed by the charitable — took away a blank electors right from tho office of the registrar for the Eastern hill division. As any person iound with one of these forms in his possession, renders himself liable' to a very heavy punishment under the penal cinuse of the act, it would perhaps be as well if the appropriator would l-eturu it. ' The hearing of a motion to revive the occlc- siastic: I suit of Shnuaimn v Hickey, in winch the will of the late Charles Rochford, made in : favour of liis wife, was disputed, was concluded yesterday, before Mr Justice Molesworth. llochford died nearly four years since, having made at different times a number of wills in favour of his sevci-al relations. Immediately after his death, which occurred about a month before his wife's decease, disputes as to his pro perty arose between his surviving relatives. The litigation which ensued lasted about a year, when a compromise was effected between the attorneys of the respective parlies, 5Ir Madden and Mr T. Miller. The terms of the compromise, however, had not been carried out by Shnnalian (Uocii- ford's brother-in-law), who obtained probate of one of the wills of the deceased. Ilickey, there-' fore, sought by the motion, which has been argued during the past jveek, to recommence the litigation, and restore all the parties to the posi tion they occupied previous to the compromise. J udgmcnt was reserved. The Nisi Prius sittings of tbe Supreme Court oeiorc juuimeimus leriu open ims morning. His Honour, the Chief J ustice will preside in the Old Court-house, where the cases before J uries of Twelve will bo taken. Those before J uriei of Pour will be taken by Mr Justice Barry in the New Couit-liousc. Among the cases in to-day's list are Nolan v. Costello and Beany v. Fitzgerald. At the weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Immigrants Aid' Society, yes terday, the Superintendent made the followingre- turn: Number of inmates in the Home as reported last week, 581; admitted since, 109; persons who have received out-door relief. GO. Total rtlievcd, 75G ; discharged from the Home during t|ie week, 114. Total at present remaining, 576; consisting of, children chargeable to the Government, 379; cases chargeable to the Society, 197. The Rev. William Taylor, (late of California), has been conducting a series of revival services in the Wesleyan Church, Brunswick street, Pitzroy, every evening duri ig the present week to crowded congregations. The result, we un derstand, Is that between two and three hundred persons have been added as members of tho Wesleyan Methodist Soeiety. Bnllaarat seems resolved upon going a-Iicad. Wc iearn from the star that, "In April last the Chamber of Commerce wrote to the Govern ment, urging the advisability of having a mail bag made up in London direct for Bnllaarat and the western district. The postal authorities in London state, in reply to the Victorian Govern ment, that the mails despatched forAustrulia arc already so numerous, that it is not desirable to increase the numbor. The Chamber, how ever, has resolved on renewing the application. The first half-yearly meeting of tho share holders of the Melbourne and Newcastle Minmi Colliery Company was held yesterday. The report of the provisional directors was of an ox- treinely favourable character, and proposed n dividend at the rate of 12 per cent, besides appro priating LI 500 towards a reserve fund, paying L1122 lis lOd interest on mortgages, and carrying L254 14s 5d to the profit and loss account. The report was unanimously adopted, and the pro visional directors were rc-elcetcd, with the exception of Mr Rolfc, who had gone to Eug- Inud, and in whose stead Mr Carfrae was elected. The attention of the Policy holders, in the Waterloo J.ife Assurance Co., is called to an ad vertisement in our columns, conven'ng a general meeting of the assured, for Tuesday afternoon next, at 3 o'clock, at the Criterion hotel, We would call at tuition to an advertisement in another column, which announces that Tues day next is the last day for receiving entries for the poultry show, as it is necessary that tho cata logue should he completed by Wednesday. Our advertising columns announce a lecture to-morrow evening, by the Rev. Thos. C. Cole, M.A., at Chris tcliurch schoolroom, East Col- lingwood, on " The Parables of our Saviour," being the third of the series. Information was received by the police, yes terday, of a capital offence committed at Broad- meadows on the 25th inst. It appears thai one Robert Guest agreed to take a young woman, named Agnci Anderson, to Micklelinn, in his dray. When they arrived at Chadwick's hotel they had a drink, and about a mile from that place the offence complained of was committed. The offender is described as about twenty-six years of age, five, feet six or seven inches in height ; of dark complexion, with black hair, worn loug; a small light moustache, and stout built. He was dressed in a pilot coat, with dark tweed trousers. 1 It Is expected that all persons who intend accepting invita'ions to the Mayor's fancy dross ball will appear in some fnncy costume, and tlmt no one will think of attending in ordlnnry evening dress. At the City Court, yesterday, a servant girl named Jane Cookman, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment fur robbing her master. On her person were found n number of pawn tickets, in the nnmc of Jane Crawley, which are supposed to represent other stolen property. Thomas Johnston, the Danish sailor, was com mitted for trial for stabbing Ellen Davis, In Juliet Tcrrncc. Elizabeth Stewart, wns also committed for trial on a clinrge of rolling a man named Fitzgerald, of L10 in notes. A few evenings since the hoys forming the Volunteer drum and fife band, selected from amongst the lads in the immigrants' home, pre sented Mr. Ilarcourt, the superintendent, with a handsome gold ring and an address, nent'y engrossed on vellum, a3 n menus of showing their appreciation of his kindness townrds them. The boys receive sixpence n-woek as pocket money, and the movement was initiated amongst them without the knowledge of Mr. Ilarcourt. One of Shnnks's patent mowing machines, worked by horse-power, recently purchased by the Melbourne Cricket Club, was tried for the first time, yesterday afternoon, anil was found to answer admirably. The great benefit which is derived from this machine is the expedition with which the work is performed : nil nrea of ground which formerly occupied about a fort night in mowing, by hand labour, can now ho perfumed in n-otit four hours, Tlte ndvnntngo to he gained, therefore, will amply repay the cost, and, in the cricket season, when it Is esieiitial tn keep the grass constantly mown short, the club will find that the outlay has been well directed. The testimonial mania appears extending. The Gazette announces that in the month of August the following prisoners will be discharged from penal establishments, and in search of employment : — 1 stonecutter, I hoilcrmakor, 1 butcher, 2 grooms and coachmen, 1 stoie- inaii, 2 cooks and servants, 1 chimneysweep, 1 woolsorter, 1 clerk, 1 hushmau or bul lock-driver, 1 s'.icepsliearcr, all of whom are described as "good," in thoir respective avoca tions, it is to ho presumed; and seven hoys under 10 years of age. Persons who may wish to engage any of them, are requested to make early application at the offices of the penal de partment ; but we fear that the competition will not ho very brisk. There appears to be some ill-natured opposi tion to (lie preposed exhibition of Art and Manufactures in Bnllaarat, on tiie ground of its being " premature. " The project, however, promises to he very successful, as we learn from the Star : — " A grand Art Exhibition, in the uewly decoratcd hall ( f the Mechanics' Institute is to be opened on Tuesday next, in aid of tiie funds of the institute. From all parts of the colony tliere are coming contributions for exhibi tion, mid yesterday the first from Melbourne arrived, including some paintings oflnrgc ditnen sions. As . some of the best works of Chevalier anil Gucrnrd will bo among the pictures, and the collection will be a largo one, including curiosities in science, mid Ingenious tilings literally too numerous to mention, tho exhibition will, without doubt, he the very host tiling of tho kind ever opened to the Bnllnarat public. " Carlyle's "Snrtor Resnrtus" — "tho clothes philosophy " — ought to become a favourite book among the Bendign volunteers. At the close of the review, on Wednesday, Colonel Anderson gently snubbed them for what, after all, 'seems only tho dereliction of the tailor : — " I must say," observed tho colonel, "that when I wns oil Sandhurst last, you performed the manual and platoon exorcises in a much bettor manner than you have done to-day. I have been given to understand that the new uniforms not having been supplied ere this, is, in a great measure, the cause of it, by keeping some of the experienced men away. x>ut noEiiiug snouiii Keep men irom paying attention to their duties. As far as I am concerned, it is a matter over which I have no control. Respecting your inarching past, tho right wing was pretty fair, hut the left, more especially the rear rank, was very bad. You have the reputation of being good shots, and you should also endeavour to be good in other branches of drill." A real case of " kleptomania" came before the City Court yesterday. A young lady named Emily Hsirriugton, who was stated to be well connected, was charged with housebreaking. It appears that about ten dnys since she was cn- gnged as governess at a house In East Melbourne, and a few nights ngo the place was broken into. The young lady occupied a room in a detached building, and she stated to the detective officer thai her room had also been broken open, and some of her things stolen. Detective Mainwaring, however, quickly per ceived that no very practised thieves had entered the premises, and forthwith commenced Ills search. Some of the property belonging to the young ladies was found in Miss Harrington's possession, and a gold chain, which she alleged to have hcen stolen from her, wns fouud on her own person. To render the thing complete, another article belonging to her was thrown over the wall, as if by thieves. Drs M'Croa and Campbell, on being called on to give evidence, slated that Miss Harrington had been sufferiug from hysterical mania, and was in the linbit of unintentionally appropriating other persons' goods. Tho charge not being pressed, the Bench did not proceed with the case, hut committed the young jady to tho care of her friends, who were required to find sureties for her proper be haviour. The Trade Protection Socio'y held their an nual meeting, in the Mechanics' Institute, yesterday evening. The report shwved t. at tho society bad bceu instrumental, during the past year, in recovering for members the sum of L10,533 ; and that, after defraying all expenses, there remained a h lance of subscriptions over expenses lo tlte nmouut of L23I. During the year, the number of members had increased from two hundred to seveu hundred, and a branch establishment had been opened at Bal- lnarnt. 'J'he directors recommended that a branch should also he opened at Geelong. A bonus of L50 wns voted to the secretary, Mr Coombs, for the efficient manner in which lie had conducted the affairs of tho society. A re port of the meeting wiil be found in another column. The projected establishment of an earthen ware factory at Brighton, by Messrs Reynolds and English, has again attracted attention to the fine porcelain clay of the Maryborough district. A correspondent of the local journal thus refers to the subject: — "One of the yet undeveloped resources of your district is this kaolin, or porcelain clay, which abounds in con siderable quantity near the Bet-Bet. Last year the attention of the Argus special correspondent wns drawn to this subject when in tho Dunolly district, who, on bring shown some samples, expressed his firm belief that this raw material would yctcommnnd a high price in tho Stafford shire market. liis perspicuity on the subject caused him to take a private interest in it, and lie shipped, as I understand, several samples to that county in Euglund ; the result of which wns satisfactory, proving it to lie a porcelain clay of a very fine description, capable of receiving a high polish. This clay, though of an oily feeling, possesses hardness and strength, is of a snow-white "colour, and will receive and retain a gild or polish on the surface from the mere use of a penknife." Tho Advertiser states that a vein of this clay lias bceu (raced for half a mile from the Bristol Ilill on Maryhprougli. Wc are informed that a football match between the Royat Dark and Eastern Ilill Clubs will he played .this afternoon on the ground of the former; play to commence at 2.30. A contemporary reports that "during the trial of a Chinaman on Monday, at the Boecliworth General Sessions, a Chinese witness, when asked where lie would go to, if he gave false testimony, replied, ' Down to the bottom of the sea.' In answer to further questions, lie professed his belief in a future world ; and when required by his Honour to state whereabouts in that world lie i would go to if he told a He, replied ho should not go to China, Rti syMeacf w vcty property dispensed with." The same discretion was not observed In another caso, however — that of Kong En, charged with splitting tho scalp of Ac'Yong with a chopper. Tiie Constitution Informs ub that " Ac'Yong was sworn on the bible without being questioned, nnd so little was ho impressed by what lie was about to do, tlmt the moment lie had the bible placed in Ids hands, he kissed .t with great gusto, to tho uuseomly amusement of a crowded court, before the inlcrpretor had tiino to translate to hhn the usual formula." 