MISCELLANEOUS. His Excellency tub Governor's Visit to rilli SoUTU-E.VHTEHN lMSTKICT.— UN Excellency thi; Governor's visit to the South-E;istern District of the colony nnin'.irs to have been attended hv a series ot warm am! Hearty receptions wncicvcr ne has visited. His arrival in the Ant at Guichen Uay 011 Saturday, the :51st ulc, was announced by a salute of ID guns, and on lauding he was received bv the Jiobe Town Kiilo Corps, under the com nianil of Captain Walker, liu the Monday fol lowing addresses were presentud tohisn im behalf of tlu- inhabitants of tha township ami by the Oililfellovi s ; and His Excellency uuerwanls distri buted the Government im/es presented to the company, and contested a short time previously. At lJort MacUunnell, which they reached on February 3, evident feelings of loyalty were also cxpru-si/d. On the arrival of the 11:11 ty at the jetty .Mr. Ji. r'rench, on behalf of the inhabitants, pre stiited an address to His Excellency, who acknow ledged the same hi a short speech, l'he party afterwards visited the Lighthouse and the public buildings, and then proceeded to Mount Gambler, where further demoustratiuiis were awaiting them. They were met outside the township and heartily welcomed, whence they were conducted by a cavalcade to the South Australian Hotel, in the township. The dav following was observed as a general holiday, and His Excellency held a levee, which the most, influential residents attended. Addresses were then presented by the inhabitants, the Oddfellows, and Foresters, to which JI is Ex cellency suitably replied. Altogether, the visit of His Excellency was of great interest tu the in habitants of that district, the opportunities of seeing a 'real live Governor' very rarely pre senting themselves in that locality. Amongst the last but most interesting incidents of tlm tour was the visit of His Excellency and suite to the far-famed caves on the .Mos.juiio Plains. On February 12 the vicerejail party reached the caves at 11 o'clock, where, about 1-JO of the most iniluantial settlers had assembled. A band of music was also present, and on entering the cavern a number of blackfullows went through the strange performance of the corrolihoroc. The large cave was lighted with a great number of candles, the light of which, glistening at every point, must have formed a spectacle both extra ordinary a:id grand. Luncheon was partaken of, after which the lesser caves were visited, anil the pmty left about 7 o'cluck, having highly enjoyed their visit. Dumi'ixg Wool. -An important question was rc:ently discussed by the Ailcliiiilc Chamber of Commerce in reference to insurance on wool. It appears that when wool is scut to places uf ship ment for export it is placed 111 the care of prcssers to be 'dumped'— a process which is carried on in wooden sheds and other temporary buildings. Whilst there neither the sender nor the captain of the ship is responsible for it, and it is injured by neither party. This is an unsatisfactory state uf things, and the Chamber of Commerce wns asked to express an opinion as to what rule should be adopted for the future. No decision, however, was arrived at, and exporters are left, to devise some plan themselves for future protection. It is certain that the present system is a dangerous oue, and ou^ht to be amended as early as possible. It seems that dumping is rciuiircd solely for the con venience of captains of vessels, -.vho ought, there fore, to be responsible for the wool whilst in the hand of the prcs-sera. rCi'MisMATics.— A large and valuable collection of miscellaneous coin*, presented to the South Australian Institute by Mr. William I'axton, of London, has been handed over to the Hoard of Governors by Mr. !?'. S. Duttnn. In the first place, there arc 14 'English gold coins, incluiling a noble, an angel, guinea1!, half-guineas, and iiuutler guincas, impressed on the reverss with the repre sentation of the English mouarohs from the time of Edward HI. (i:B7) to that of Geoige III., and on the obverse with armorial hearings and other emblems. The earliest of the Englisii silver coins (of which there arc about 13U) was struck in 1017', during the miimc of the Danish King, Canute. In tins department are comprised the groat and many coins still current; some of them, indeed, date no further back than the reign of our pre.-cnt sovereign. There are three silver Scottish coins, the most ancient of which is dated 1371. and bears on its reverse the image of Kolxitt II.; two silver provincial tokens, viz., those of Bath and \ ork ; and about 55 foreign and other silver coins, including a selection of munismatical specimens from France, Spam, luly, Kussia, Turkey, Germany, &c.; These re semble in general description those of England, bearing im the reverse the representation of the various Emperors or Kings in whose reigns they were coined. There are also five silver medals; seven Konian silver coins, with inscriptions and emblematical impressions; 21 medais ami medalcts of various descriptions; and 2i)i) nrttK) enpper, lead, and brazen coins, some .British and some foreign. There arc in all about 000 spe cimens, and these will, we understand, shortly be assorted and arranged with a view to their being thrown open to public inspection. Old Scholars' Entebtainiiknt to the Ex plokkrs.— The old scholars of Mr. Young's educa tional establishment invited .Messrs. Auld, Frew, and King to dinner on Friday evening, Januaiy 'M). There was a large number present, and the proceedings, which included the presentation of congratulatory addresses to the several explorers, passed off with the utmost enthusiasm and eclat. Tkeskstation to Mr. McK.ixi.av.— A deputa tion, consisting of .Messrs. George Hamilton, II. S. Price, J. F. llayward, and J. T. Turnbull, waited upon Mr. McKinlay a short time since and presented him with a magnificent silver tea and cnltec service. The pattern is Grecian, and on one of the pieces is the following inscription :— 'Pre- sented to John McKinlay by his South Australian friends, in appreciation of his sueeos.-fu! explora tion to the northern coast. Adelaide, ltyi2.' This is a gratifying and well-deserved compliment to a man who is held in universal esteem. Methodist New Cox.vexiox Literary and r-irLosoi'iiic.u. Society.— On Thursday evening, February 1!), the first meeting of this Society was held at the residence of the Kev. J. Maughan. About 2i mcmliers were enrolled. Mr. Mauglmn was elected President of the Societv, Mr. li. F. Me-Ilor and Mr. S. Watts were elected Secretaries, and Mr. J. Smith Treasurer. After the transaction of several preliminary matters of business, iliePre riilcnt delivered the first of a series of lectures, based upon the Mosaic account of the Creation. The .subject of the lecture was, 'The Assumed Existence of God/' This is to be followed by other lectures on 'The Divine Authority of the Book of Genesis,' 'The Non- Eternity of Matter,' 'The Chemical anil Mechanical Processes em p'.r-yc:l in the Creation.' 'Genesis and Geology miiiijnixed.' '?The Natures and Properties of .Minerals and Metals,' ' The Chemical Properties of the Atmosphere,'' 'The mist Modern Dis coveries in Electrical Science,'- 'The Piiilosojihy or Light and the Theory of Colour,' 'The Recent Mangels in Spectrum Analysis,'1 together with a numbsr of others of a similar character. We understand that nnny of the lectures will be illustrated by apparatus of a costly dcs:ription. anl that the Society intends to hold' iu inaugural swrte in the course of a few weeks. Lahoe Spck-Whef-l: — We had recently an opportunity of inspecting a larze spur-wheel just completed bv Messrs. Horwnod & Son. iron fouiiiler-i of Ilindley-street, for the Duryea Mining Company. It weighs about 3J cwt., and is over seven feet in diameter, the prank-pin holes being bored out. We believe it is as line a piece of workmanship as any which ha.; yet been turned out in the colony, and it seems a pity t-I1.1t such articles should be imported when they ca:i be pro duced here. We likewise saw several large pipes for mining purposes, which arc also v»-ell cist. The Towx Hall.— Two tender* for the pur chase of bonds to make up the first instalment of £4,00J towanU the amount required to be borrowed for the erection of a To*n Hall was received by the City Council on Monday week. - hia from C. Keilly, otlering to purchase to the amount of JC5.2H) at 21s. per cent, premium, and one from J. (Jolto'i & Co., offering to take bonds to ihe amount of £1,009 at 1 per cent, discount. The former was accepted, and the latter declined. South Australian Railway Traffic. -The traffic receipts on both lines between Port Ade laide and Kapumia, for the wctk ended January 31, amounted to no less a sum than £3,134- 1**. 3d A large proportion of the augmented t'jiin-ign h;is bean derived from the carriage of wheat, not only of the last harvest, but of the preceding, which has been coming down in such quantities that an appa rent surplus of rolling-stock no longer presents itself at the city establishment, at either terminus, or within any of the intermediate stations. The Overland Telegraph. — The following remarks upon Mr. Todd's proposal to construct a telegraph from Adelaide to the northern coast are from the Sydney Morning Herald:— 'The South Australians seem eager to turn Stuart's discoverv to practical account. The people and the Govern ment, it appears, are equally ready to assume the responsibility of exercising authority over all the territory due north of their present colony. Parties are said to be organizing to send mobs of horses . forward for shipment to India from Van Diemen's Gulf-a very favourable point from which to con duct the trade. They still further propose, as a matter of sober earnest, to construct a line of electric telegraph right across the continent from south to north along Stuart's route, from Adelaide on the south to the Adelaide River on the north, from their present commercial metropolis to what may become the commercial metropolis of a new colony. The Government are preparing a Bill to submit to Parliament to authorize the construction of this line. Mr. Todd, the Superin-j tendent of Telegraphs in South Australia, is an energetic and go-ahead sort of man, and, indeed, may be considered as the father of overland telegraphs in Australia. He is not one of those | officials who find difficulties everywhere, and who put buts and ifs in the way of every forward movement that is suggested. If the 'project on being closely studied is feasible at all, there is no one better fitted to see it carried out. If this line should be made, it will set at rest at once Mr. Gisborne's project for a submarine line round the : coast. If Mr. Todd can carry a land line from Adelaide to Van Diemen's Gulf. the only sub marine line Australians will have to concern them- ' selves with will be that from the north coast to the Dutch islands— either Coepang or Bangoe wangi. The Darling.— We find the following in the Pfutoral Time* of February 7:— 'The Darling still continues to fall, and from all accounts from i un the river there ate no signs of a rise. The 1 Murray also is falling this year. In continence 1 of the rivers going down so fust it has left many '. very short of supplies. Drays are still very scarce, ' and cannot ha hired at any price. £23 per ton is 1 offered for cartage about 4WI milw from this, 1 loading up anil iloirn. A great number of sheep ? arc still proceeding up the ri-.er. .Mr. Duncan '. McRac has just passed with lti,oo:) for the liujran Kiver Uoni'iuny. A mob belonging to Mr. Koch fort, has also just cone up. The South Australian clearing party is still at work about '£- miles frmn here. They are inakius slow progress. The Go vernment of New South Wales have voted £:(,UUi) for the clearing of the Darling, but as yet there are no signs of their going to work. The Lady Dalystcaincr U making another attempt to pet im, but she will not get beyond Xonh West Uend. If such is the case she had better remain at Goolwa.' IXTERCOLOKIAL CoXFEKHXCE.— The New South \VaIes Government have at length induced the Government of Victoria to fix the time for the Intercolonial Conference, which is, we be e ft toi ta!ctJ plilc0 lie'wecii the 10th and loth Of March, and to which the representatives of the various colonies will be inviteiL We presume that no decision will be given on this subject by the Government of South Australia until after the meetm.L' of Parliament. It is verv probable that jMarou will not suit Tasmania, whoso Parliament has just met. The Puoji:cn:n Dkparti'heok Coloxkl Blyth. —A general un-uting of volunteers w:-.s convene! to ba held at tue South Australian Institute on ucdnesday evening, February 1, to consider the best method of expressing' the respect and esteem they entertained towards Colonel Blyth. on the occasion of Ins leaving the colony. The atten dance was very poor. Lieutenant Colonel Finniss was voted to the chair, and Lieutenant Clark explained the object of the meeting, lie said the ofneers of the various town and suburban com panies had met (luring thu List month, when it wiis resolved to convene a general nice: ing of volunteers to make arrangements for presenting a suitable testimonial to Colonel Myth prior to 'his departure. He re-torti-il baviirj received n k-tftr from Captain Herbert, of the Strathalbvn Rifles. testifying, on behalf of hinuelf and Captain I'au kine, of the Miians ltitUs, his ap-irova! of the object contemplated. He hud also received a letter from .Mr. A Blyth excusing his attendance that evening, and from other officers expressing their sympathy 111 the movement. His impression was that Jie feeling of respect entertained by the force towards the Colonel wa* very general, and that they would concur heartily in a suitable demonstration given him on the occasion of his resigning the command. Captsin Trimmer proposed tha; a dinner be given to Colonel Blyth on a day to be iiiime;l prior to his depar ture. He would himself haw preferred ihat a lunch should be given, followed by a demon stration on the part of the volunteers, but lie feared it could not lie properly carried out. The motion being seconded a long discussion ensued, ami various susjjestiona were thrown out. The t'liairman said it had luen intended for the otneers of the Adelaide Regiment to invite Colonel Blyth to a dinner. He was of opinion that course might still be adopted. Captain Trimmer with drew his motion in favour of the suggestion of the Chairman; and it was understood ' that Lieut Colonel Finniss would notify to the officers of the Adelaide Kegiuieut that a. meeting would be held with a view of making ar rangements for the entertainment to be given to their Coluucl. This point bavin-; been settled. Lieut. .1. H. Clark moved the following resolutions, which were carried unanimously:—' 1. That an -uldre-ss be prepare! in acknowledgment of Colonel lllyth's valuable s-crvices, and a circular forwarded to all officers comma:idiiig companies, requesting them to submit the same to their com panies for approval. 2. That a copy of the address, handsomely engrossed on parchment, eiulnidyin^ the names of the companies concurring therein, lie presented to Colonel Klyth on some littirg occasion prior to his departure. 3. That Lieutenant-Colonel Finniss, Major Mayo. Captain Trimmer, Captain Ferguson, Captain Blackliam, and the. mover be requested t-i act as a Committee to earn* nut the foregoing proposal, with power to add to their number.' After a brief discussion on matters of detail affecting the Committee, the meeting was dissolved. Ketuhn' op the Cojnn.ssio.vER of Public Works from the South. -The Hon. the Com missioner of Public Works, the Surveyor-General, and the Chief Knj-ineer returned recently from their tour in the Soutli-Kasteru District. We under stand that Mr. Milne is in favour of a somewhat extensive system of drainage of the district over which the party have travelled, which would much improve the country from Tilly's Swamp to Mount Burr. The scheme thut Commissioner is prepared to recommend is to cut a drain through the chain of swamp.-; to the Conning, which would eU'ectuully drain the district and increase the value of the land. The Telegraph Dkpart.mkxt.— The following requisition was exhibited at the Exchange for sig nature a short time since:— 'To Charles Todd, K-c*.., Observer ami Superin tendent of Telegraphs. 'Sir— We the undersigned hankcis, representa tives oi companies, merchants, citizens nf Adelaide, and others, being dirvclly or indirectly interested in the facilities afforded us by the Telegraphic' Department-, hereby beg to endorse the opinion you have given in your annual repoit as to the great desirability of licemug the Central Offices at the Exchange, provided suitable accommodation can be obtained, and thu impolicy of rcmnung them so far from the centre of business as the site known as the Corporation Acre. 'We cordially approve of the .statement made by you— namely, that the Kxchauge oilers the very best position for telegraphic purposes, and consc fluently we strongly urge you to use your Iwst in fluence with the Government to avoid a removal.' Insolvency. — Subjoined is a list of per sons who have been declared insolvent since our last Summary, exclusive of those who have availed themselves of the arrangement clauses of the Act:— January 2(5 -Henj unin Barnet, of i.awlcr Plains, farmer ; Simeon Kastwood, of Currency Creek, fanner ; James Bu.clier, late of Hiinl marsh, innkeeper, now of North Adelaide, out of business. January 27— Joseph Milte, of Port Elliot, farmer. February U- Charles Sherwood, of Mount Barker, fanner. February 4— Go'.thclf Weincrt, of Bluml-eiy, labourer, formerly of Blum berg, fanner. February C— Daniel Pcdler, of Hose wot thy, farmer. February i:-— Jo^iuh Wal!a«e, of lnman Valley, Encounter Bay, farmer. February II- James Tyrie, of Wayinouth-strcet, builder. February 17— William Thomas Grundy, late of Kadina, but now of Adelaide, tinsmith; Daniel Holmes, of the Meadows, farmer; Daniel Median, of Mintars licensed victualler. February IS— Duncan Graha.n, of linn 111 Valley. Encounter Bay, farmer. February 20-Jaiues Duck, of lnman Valley, Encounter Uay, farmer. Lancashire Ukliu* Fund.— The following letter from the Lord Mayor of London has been received by the l-a:ii;ashirc Relief Fund Committee in acknowledgment of the first remittance of £1,000. 'Mansion House. London. Dec. 1, ]Sij]. 'Sir— I am desired by the Lord Mayor, on behalf of the Committee formed in London for the relief of the Lancashire and Cheshire opera tives, to acknowledge the receipt of £1,(MW in aid of the above fund, being the amount of a con tribution from the inhabitants of the Province of Adelaide. 'I am dssircd also to express the hish sense entertained by the Mansion House Committee of the kindly sympathy evinced by this munificent gift, forwarded towards the relief of your sutioring fellow-countrymen, who, through no fault of their own, are now undergoing ureat and lamentable privations. 'It may be gratifying for you to he informed that, since the commencement of the Committee's labours in April last, aiiout £Vi'),(Mi has been for warded from the .Mansion House alone to nearly 130 organized local Ilelief Committees in the cotton districts. Clothing, too, and blankets are being sent in large i-uaiititica-collcrted from a charitable public, and forwarded bv the Mansion House Committee as fast as it can be repacked. 'Praying, you, Sir, to be the medium of com municating to the subscribers our feelings of gratitude for your contribution, ' I am, Sir, Yours obediently. 'Joseph -Jmr.i'. 'Acting Secretary Lancashire and Chi-shirc F.elief Fund. ' George Fife Angas, Esq., Chairman Itelicf Fund. Adelaide, S.A. ' A House koh Pkiscd Alfred.— By telegram from Melbourne we learn that Mr. Ambrose Kyic is preparing a house for the reception of Prince Alfred. Mr. Kyle has doubtless had secret pre monitions of the Priuce's intended visit. It was i this same gentleman who subscribed anony mouslvthe ;. l.(HK) towards the Victorian Explora tion Fund— a *iiece of generosity which he es plaincd at a recent meet inn in the fnllowipg manner:— 'It might be asked what could induce | a man in his position to make the gift, and what i he bad to do with matters of science. He could ; on!} tell them that this idea was givun t'- him from 1 above, from his Maker, and the Almighty alone 1 v/as the power who ]vu\ produced the results, he beiug merely an instrument in his hands.' (iOLD at the Meadows. — A well-known cor respondent writes as follows :— ' As 1 believe there is some enquiry about the gold obtained on Air. i Lang's section, Meadows, I send you the result of 1 : my euquiries on the spot this day, February 18th. j I The locality is about one mile cast of the Meadows ' ! Inn. There was gold found in small quantities in i ! the stuff from a well sunk there about two years i j and a half past. It was not then, nor is it'now, i tried to any great extent: but within the hist week . two persons have bottomed a hole on the sec ?? tion about 22 feet deep, and in all got about 11 ! pennyweight'' utf a rather small bottom, say four ' feet by two, with a small drive of three feet. This ! : hole has a blue clay bottom; but the bottom of ; ; former holes have ilitlered— some beinc pipeclay (as 1 ; it is cailed), and some slate. There is only one more ! party digeing. who have marked out an' enormous ; claim, oceupyina nearly all the Covernment land thereabouts. This claim is, of course, as near to ? Mr. Lean's section as they can come. They have \- not yet bottomed, but I think the stuff looks likely for gold. They are diggers from Echunga. They ; say the country does hot look so well as Echunga for gold. I, who have also_ had some years* expe- 1 rience as a gold-digger, think it looks more pro mising. I passed over ground going there which I am sure is gold-yielding country ; but there is little land but what is purchased, and until some terms are come to with the owners no great enterprise will lie undertaken by the right sort of men.' Arrival of the Morning Star, with 431 Einu rants.— The Golden City was laid on the berth to follow the Castle Eden, but though to outward appearance a remarkably fine vessel, on closer scrutiny she was found unfit for the purpose. Therefore the chartcr-p-uii* w.is not carried out, but in a very short perWd the owners of the Morning Star tendered her services, which were accepted, and she was appointed to sail from Liverpool on the 4th November. She is an tlmerican- built vessel of 1,285 tons, and from her spacious 'tween decks presents rather a different lnpearancc to some which have been selected by :he Commissioner.? ; indeed it is worthy of remark ;hat the Liverpool ships invariably surpass all nhers arriving here in their adaptability for the ;ransport of emigrants, and in the present case ;he rule has received confirmation; for although lot a new vessel she is in a very cleanly state Jiroughout, and her general condition reflects :rcdit on the officers who have had charge of the people on board. It is not at all astonishing that m unusual quantity of sickness has prevailed hiring the voyage. In all probability it has pro -ceded from inadvertency on the part of the home luthorities, who appointed the vessel to sail on November 4. On that date the majority of the -eople were ready for embarkation, hat the full :omplcment nnt being complete her departure was lelayed for IB days, during which time some of the -as?cngers had contracted the conta-.'ion which was -revalent in Birkenhead. It is reported that on filling ip and preparing for final departure a rcnmnrtraiKe ras made relative to the sickness, but without ivail, and on the day after departure a death from neasles took place which was followed by five ithcrson the followingdates :— December 5th, 7th, 4th, 19th, and 24th. There were in all (.ill cases on ward, and to the surgeon's unremitting attention nay in .1 measure be ascribed the low perce:it;ige »f mortality. But ll- days after leaving Liverpool mother scourge commenced its ravages, for on Jecember (5 the first death from scarlatina occurred mil was followed by nine others, out of iS cases. Jn addition to those, eight death!- arc icconted, naking in the whole *24, out of which 10 were ?ictims to scarlatina or measles. Thev were priii ipally amongst children. The cllbrts ma !e to Ieanse the vesssl at length succeeded in a neasure, and on her arrival the hospitals were ilmust cleared, only one adult and four children King under medical treatment. The vessel wa3 inarded on arrival by Dr. Duncan, the Health )tficer, who mustered the people and inspected he s'.iip, and the immigrants having passed his nspiction were immediately open for engagement, ['he surgeon of t':e ship, Dr. Sander, has b.-en cu- itantly engaged in the service for several years, md is now on his fifteenth voyage. To his cx -crience and knowledge of the lequircnicnts of he people may be attributed the healthy state of he ship on arrival. Several previous ships ic has superintended to the. other colonies, ami lever made a voyage marked by such mortality -efore. If the vessel had been of a different class ;he result would have been painful to contiim ijate. but her height between d^cks is almost line feet, and in lighting and ventilation she is ill that couM lie desired, ttoth the surgeon and ?aptain speak in highly favourable terms of the reneral conduct and demeanour of the emigrants luring the voyage, and to coudnce to this state :he officers and crew have also incritci1 eulogy 'mm their close attention to the discipline of the rcssel. Of course there have been :i few plotters .vho required a little more attention than others, nit arrangements were made to meet them by ?ounterplot, and good order has been mainttiincd. From the ships' papers (kindly lent by Captain Matthews) several interesting particulars arc earned. There were -l.'rf sou's embarked, anil laving hud three births aud 24 deaths, that lumber is reduced to 4'H arrived. The original :lassirtcatton shows there were hi) sinsle emales, i:t!t single men, (11 married couple--. VI male and 'ii female children between 1 ;aid 12, it male and S female infants. By this it vill he seen the c-|Ualiz.-itii-n of the sexes has been egarded in selection. There were ill English, 121 scotch, and 1)1) Irish, and the industrial summary lives 105 agricultural labourers, !V.J female domestic ierviUiU*, 8blacksr*litlis,4]iainters, 2 masons, 1 shep lerd, 1 engineer, 1 zinc worker, 0 shoemakers, 1 upper smelter. (J smiths, :i sawyers, 1 coadnnaM, I machine- maker, 1 woodman, :i!) miners, 4 pir Ieners, 7 carpenters, 1 porter. In general appear mce on board the people differ but slightly from )ther vessels, for oji the poop (which, by the way, s exclusively devoted to tha girls) may fie noticed .he usual diversity of countenance— some gay and lioughtless others steady and demure; one o'r two ire fragile looking creatures, and there are certainly mine smart hard-wnrkhi!! girls, whose nre*cm-e in :he colony will doubtless check s*ome ot the exist ng evils attendinir domestic servants. On the naiudeck there is an evident shade of melancholy, 'or the loss of children is here deplored by several ramilies. In one case the parents lost* four, in mother three, and from several families two are ni.ssed. A glance will show that there are some good ?olonists here, who will contribute usefully to the bone and muscle of the province. The following is :i list of the names of the passengers who died : -Ann, William, Caroline, and Mary Kice, John, Sarah A., and Sarah Fraser, Agnes and David ?ttobic, Alary and Charles Young, Stephen Min uear, George Henderson, James Rodger, Sarah Ann and ('eorge Coombs, Mary .Tones, Klvina Deer, Emma l-Awis, H-irriet (-ibson, Josiali Ho- kings, Ucorge Uichard-*, William Stephens, md James Iiichards. A Man of Enkhoy.— Mr. Tveilly, one of the discoverers of gold in New Zealand, is at pre sent spending a short time in Adelaide. He with several others first opened the Otago gold-fields, and after working them some time to great ad vantage announced the discovery and secured the reward which had been offered by the Government fora payable gold-field. In addition to this, Mr. Reilly largely benelited the Otago district by upemng to navigation the Molyiwux Iliver, and so Hiving easy access to the 'iold-fk-ld which he had discovered. We subjoin from Otago papers an account of this enterprise:— 'It will lie recollected by our readers that jMr. Iieilly, one of the discoverers of the Dunstan, [iioposed to undertake at his own risk and cost the task of endeavouring to open the navigation of the Mnlyncux Kivcr. He has returned to town and favoured us with the following narrative of his proceedings:— -'My party consisted of eighteen men, with two lifeboats, which I had previously conveyed by vessel to the mouth of the Mulvnuux. We started, I forget the exact date, bat 'imme diately on the completion of our preliminary arrangements, and proceeded u;» thu river meeting with no obstacle until wo came to the I'leaumunt. At this point the whole expedition was imperilled by a circumstance over which 1 had no control. The Government hail sent a surveyor to inspect the river, anil this gentleman made a stop at the Beaumont, reporting the stream impassable beyond this spot. In eotisci-ueiicc live uf my men took the alarm, and refused to proceed further, and it was only by am cuing to sacrifice half of my cargo that 1 .succeeded in pre venting them from breaking up the party. This ilitliculty over, I proceeded, finding no insur inoiuitiihlc obstacle in my way. 1 made a. short portage at the ISc'tumout of part of my cargo, but Ihe boats went on. The river at this sjiut is narrow, mil consequently rapid, but not impassable. Three miles further up I had to make another portage of 1 smalj portion of the cargo. The river here is wry wide ami rocky. From thvnce 1 had a good itreamupto a point called Mangy Creek. Here .here is a shallow bar, but with pljnty of water for the boats drawing two and a bail' feet. From lerc again 1 had a fine clear stream to the head of Moa Flat. From the want of power I was here i;i;iin necessitated to make a portage of part of my ading. From the head of Moa Flat to the Teviot :he river is clear, and the stream continues good up is far as Captain Baldwin's. At the Teviot I left )ne of the boats to be used as a ferry, and nut vitlistiuidiuf- the dreadful accounts I received of :he ditlicultics before me, I put the two crews on )iiard the remaining boat aud determined tu pro :eed. Eight miles alxve Captain Baldwin's I :iicountered the first dilliculty of any note, in the shape of a fall and rapids. With four men steering .he boat, and some ;id litional hands whom 1 hired :-n the tow-line, I succeeded in passing over the 3l1.-t.1clc without taking the boat out of water. About six miles further ahead 1 encountered another fall ami rapid uf a more formidable cha ncier; in fact, the only lad fall on the route. There 1 was compelled to make a road, land the boat, and transport it al-out 100 feet, to the head of the bad waters. From thence the stream is good for some 20 miles, which brought us to the Dun.stan. Hence I may safely say that Nature's highway to the Ounstan is open. Provisions can he conveyed to the Teviot and Captain Baldwin's from Dunediii at a cost of, I should say, not more than £ij-) per ton, and I trust the diggers may ere long reap the benefit of my labours by having'sup plies for warded tothem by this economical route.' Mr. Jleiily is a man who has done -jooil .service to the whole of the colonies by his exertions in Kew Zealand. K1F1.K Chatxexce to an English Company.— We understand on reliable authority that the Milan,' Uiflc3, being the company which has ma lc the highest proportion of marksmen in this coloj.y, have resolved upon chiiliciigiug the English com pany — probably the Middlesex iiiiles — which occupies a corresponding hi^h position. The event, if it .should come off, will prove an exceed ingly interesting one, and we believe will be the iir-t'coloiiial challenge to English volunteers, or at any rate the first time the gauntlet ha* been thrown down to them by Australian riflemen. ExTUAOttDiXAitT Siiihitin«.— The following score was made on Tuesday, 17th inst., by Sergeant Hill, of the City iiitle?, with his new Whitworth riile-the first time of firing with it:— At 4(w yards. 2, :j. :», 3, 3; and at 5(W yards, 1, 3, 3, 3. li the only 10 rounds fired. Seven of the bullseves were in a space that could Iks covered with a rifleman'-; cap. This is excellent shooting, and as Serjeant. Hill has generally made high scores vith the Kri Held rifle it is confidently expected that, with the superior weapon he now possesses, he will ei-ual any rifleman in the colony. Tub appkoachi.no IIiflh Match with New South Wales.— It wan arranged that the ei-r'ht men from wlmin three have to be chosen to com plete the complement for the match with the Sydney volunteers should meet a: the Butts on Mun 1 -y — in the morning at !», and in the afternoon at 2 o'clock— to decide liy shouting over the raii^ei selected for the mutch who are to be the tlnee to join the ninn already appointed. Most uf them attended, but owing to the absence of any definite understanding some went prepared with cartridges for the long and others with those for the fchort range.3, and it was con-:efiuentjy found impossible to conduct the nece-ssan- practice. Sergeants K. T. Smith and Hill and Mr. Morcnru, and Colonel Blyth and Mr. F. R. Avers, two of the nine who hail ammunition for the long ranges, fired seven rounds each at (JOO, 7U0, and SOU yards, with the fol lowing result. Aggregate score, including points and hits:— Colonel Biyth, 5-J; Sergeant E. T. Smith, 5S; Sergeant Hill, 5S; J. Morcom, 5'i; and F. It. Avers, 5i. In the afternoon Sergeants Smith and Hill, and Messrs. P. H. Burden, Addison, and J. Morcom attended at the appointed hour, but none of the others appeared, and .therefore ren dered it impossible to make the trial, at least on tiiat occasion. Those pei.tlemen, however, made some good practice at 3W, 409, 500, and (WO j*ards five rounds at each. Serscant Hill, who used a Whitwortlf, fired remarkably well throughout, in no instance making less than a centre and obt lin ing 70 points in 20 shots. His score was:— 200 yards. 3 i 3 2 3, total (including hits) 17 *, *J0 yards, '?2*132 3. total, 18; 500 yard* 2323 2. total, 17; COO yards, 32332, total, 18. Sergeant K. T. Smith, with (JJ points, stood second. At 4-h) yards he made a centre and four consecutive bullscyes. and in four additional shots three bullseves and a centre, giving him a grand total in the nine rounds of 34 points -only two In-low the highest number attain able. Mr. P. H. Burden, one of the nine, also made 19 points at -JO 1 yards, and an aggregate score of 54. Mr. Addison obtained 50, and Mr. Morcom 50 in the 20 rounds. Sergeants Smith and Hill, it will bo seen, made better shooting both in the morning and afternoon than cither of the permanently selected gentlemen who fired with them. In the 41 rounds the score of the former was 121, while that of the latter was liS-an average, after deducting hits, of a little over a centre for each shot. This for steadiness and excellence is really most creditable. The Str.vthai.byx Rifle Match.— The fol lowing are the detailed scores of tlmSimtluilhyn atv.l Adelaide Ritle Clubs at the recent iuat-:h*at Strathallyn :- STRATHALBYN IiIFLC CLUB. Mr. W. Eankinc, 200 yds. 400 yds. President ? 1121201123 2-5 lllSRUJJ 31 Captain iLinkinc 12SH21 111 i! 31i2K.l:!:tl :a Mr. M. Rankine... 2VJC22-22 :!;- mttttlli 3: Lieutenant Stark. 1123121323 21 -iBTttEn 3S Mr. W. Column... 1115I22:t2 27 2:£t{£i:jii2 3t Mr. C. Colman ... 1012100011 13 132312202 32 14S 207 Mr. W. Eankinc, CM yds. 8M yds. President ? awfl»1312 21 31«21itSi 2(i SaiitMti Uankine.. 0*2223121 2«J £a*3iu2*I 23 Mr. M. Eankine... 1233211232 ») 2*»2:e{K22 it Lieutenant Stark.. (KM23--2'«2 2S nul2.'3:C12-J 2i! Mr. W. Colman... 31022UWKI 1*5 U1223K12-O 21 Mr. C. Colman ... H;i2Uie211 21 IW222.WJ 17 142 144 Adelaide Rifle Club. Major Blvth, I're- 200 yds. 4i» yds. sident .'. ? 1322221231 29 :fil3.t»2,*n 3(i Captain Turner ... 2112212I2I 25 3:Ct:.;i«:K 37 Ueutenant Clark.. (£0)10111 IS Su2t:ffii'l 27 Mr. F. Avers ... 21X1203112 30 2332m322 3ti Mr. A. Forster ... 2321211H1 25 :«ttrn*;i 30 Mr. 11. Price ... 0222232111 25 12212ISM2 25 152 191 Maiw Rlylh, Pre- COO yds. Rtm yds. sident ? 2211I&322 30 Rl2I-?i2I21 2] Captain Tunicr... I1-S2KI2U 2:i K0n2|-Jll*;3 17 LieutenantClark.. 2222-211112 it* nr.ijiV.Hii-: l-) Mr. F. Avers ... SttlliHM 2!J l*J(Hli:i2.« 2S Mr. A. Kurstcr ... 31-22011222 25 IKiiCJI-.'iKGlt 15 Mr. 11. Price ... 113121010;) 17 Oului-iWi:' y 130 lit) Snsi-t.vuT. StrathauivxCluu. Points. Hits. Ttl. Mr. W. lEaii'-cinc ? titi :ii» 1H1 ['aptain 1,'ankinc ? 75 37 112 Mr. M. ISankiuc ? S7 :i!» 12ti Lieut. Stark ? KT- :«! Vil Mr. W. Colman ? (5 :« us Mr. C. Colman ? f-4 2!) S3 4:12 20!t UH Adelaide Cixa Major Blyth ? 71» 3i- US Captain Turner ? 07 35 Hr2 Lieut. Clark ? 17 33 !HI Mr. V. Avers ? So :,S VX Mr. A. Foi-ster ? 0*2 XI US Mr. 11. Price ? 47 2S 7a 397 201! W)3 Ei.vr.AXT DEsir.s and M.\SBFACTi'ur--Mr. 11. Steincr, jeweller, of Unudle-street, has lately ilesigued aiidniauufactuu'd.Siimc benutifnl adapta tions of the emu's p-.--} in silver mountin|!s. An egg of lar^e size and rich colour, .sujiiniricd bv an aboriginal representative of Alias in fniitcd silver, forms a handsoinc- cuji and cover, the knob being an emu aud the lu-e enlivened by the metallic inodelliii'-s of kangaroos, emus, ami liftirds, all highly wrought in silver, which mclal is also very skilfully employed in portraying the rich prodiit-ls of the vine which surround the brim, and the indigenous foliage used in other a-lornuiciiK Por tions of other eggs of the same kind, cxijiiisitcly mounted, represent claret cups, aiuiijuo salt cellars and goblet;-, siimc of the stems bt-:ngcmu legs and others studies from architectural design and enihoUijlimtnt. COITEII ()HI5 FKUM YCHAXAJIUTAXA.— We had an opportunity on Monday of seeing at the Kudu ay Station some extr.i'mliuary specimens of ore which had arrived by the hubra. The weight of the whole, we. understand, is nearly eight tons, one magnificent block weighing nearly four tons. We are not able to say what is the estimated per centage of copper in the ores, but from their appearance we should think it was lar^'e. The con veyance of such laige blocks su.-h a distance must have involved very great labour, and a visit to them by those interested in such matters would well repay the trouble. Bismuth.— We have been ohlifiingly favoured by Dr. Mucckc, of Tauuuda, with three samples of bismuth —namely, native bismuth, bismuth uliincc, and oxide of bismuth, which will remain at our alike for two or three days for inspection. The Wallauoo District.— The Cdmmissinm-r of Crown hands and the Surveyor-tJcnenil havt rcccutly paid a visit to the mineral district un Vorkc's Peninsula for the purpose of fixing the nitt of the new township at Tipara l'ay, and also to determine, the sites for tanks at Wailarou for the storage of rain water. The Moonta Mine.— At a meeting of share holders of the Moonta Mine, held at the offices of the Company, in Currie-strecl, on Tuesdaj, the tilth instant, a dividend of £10 per shale, was c clarcd, payable un the 25th of the present month. News fjioji the North. — The intelligence from the north is not of a very important cha racter. There had been rain at Mount lJca-ption, which had improved the feed. TIih was mucli wanted, as the weather had been very hot. The wild dogs were becoming troublesome, the rain having driven them i:i from the north-wc.-t. At Mount, ^erlc the waters are low, and the. -reason h;:s been very dry. Complaints aic also made from this place about the wild do-^s. The ait tlu art healthy. iNews to the 2nd of February has been received from Mauuwaukaiiiiiua, near Lake Hope. The cattle were doing well, and the weather was coo!, with a good deal of wind, but no rain. NoitTUKitN Mineral As.-3()L'jATii).v.— The Di rectors of the Northern Mineral Association ex pect tu receive by the steamer Luhra a block of ore weighing three tons, and taken from uuc uf the Company'^ mines in the .North. YUDANAMCTANA MlNINK CoJIPANT.— The Cnp tiiins' reports from the Yudauamutaiia and Him man Mines are very gratifying. At the iudana mutiina .Mine, Section llwii. has very mucii improved, the lode being larger and better than when last reported 011. The luilc in Henry's Shaft south was improving. The captain found on thellooras the result of four men's working for one month '..0 tons of the best ore which has yet been raised. The captain intends sinking Henry's Shaft, as he is anxious to gut further iniu thu lode He also purposes cutting the hill at a place (isi Section 1:(oa, where sonic large blocks tit' malachite have l-ccn discovered. The appiar ances heic ate said to be very .-satisfactory. The stoptsou the north side of the lull aic yielding well. 'J lie big bunch at the top of the hill looks very well. The lrule with its branches is 10 feet wide, and there is a vein two feet thick of lir.t chi!-s ore running through it— the rest being 2'i per cent. ore. The lode in JNo. 1 wiiu-j is not .so good, but the c.iptain su])])oses they have worked out one bunch and have uncovered another lying underneath. The engine shaft, is down 11 fathoms, and the lode still holds Us size ami character. Operations, '.ire suspended ut --ie- sent, in order to drive the north level oil' the t-haft, when sinking will be resumed, lmpottant dis coveries of ore have been made in Martiimchutina section, and the captain intends developing it more fully. It promises to he ci-ual tu any section in possession ol tho Company. The captain con cludes by remarking that nothing could be more satisfactory than the manner in which the sections are turning out. Cheaper tr.msit was all they now wanted, and he hoped and thought that diffi culty would soon be not over. At the iilininaii Mine it is stated the 10 fatlumi level in Jones's Shaft has !-ccn driven south 12 fathoms, passing through :w excellent lode. Martin's Shaft is down 7 fathoms, and though the lode in the bottom is not rich, some good stones of ore have been raised from it. In the north end of this shaft there is an excellent lode. The stopes at the top of the hill were yielding good quantities of ore. Humby's Shaft was sunk 7 fathoms, the lode lieinglaive and productive. In conclusion the captain remarks that the mine never looked to well. Tamskek Mini:.— The following extract from a letter addressed to the li inrd by Mr. Jenkin, one (if the visiting Directors of the Talisker Mine, has been handed to us for publication :— 'Talisker Mine, February (J, 1WJ3. 'To the Directors of the Talisker Mine. Gentlemen -The following short report may he of some interest to you. There is now ready for shipment :?2\ tons of rich quality ore, being the returns of Ixst month (January). We may calcu late upon 40 tons for this month of similar class ore. This will hi- 70 ujiis and upwards f»r the two months. It must, therefore, he understood thai this mtantity docs not exceed tiie half of the actual ore produced. What we are now preparing is simply by hand hammers or bucker.s, ami that as soon as our machinery aud dressing flours are in operation we shall at once commence upon our valuable stock of ore in hand, and by the time this is ready for the market we shall havesuliicunt rich 01 ey ground opened to employ 40 men stoning Talisker Mine will shortly speak for itself in reality. 'Tlie foundation-stone of cngine-linuse, Sc, was laid 011 the 4th inst. by Miss liansford, who kindly officiated on this oL'casjoii. We hope to have our machinery and dressing in active opera tion in about two months from date. 'from the back of our Talisker lode to the bottom of Mtulurd's Winze is 15 fathoms; liobin son's'Winze Uo fathoms below this level, (living us a: present a depth of 20 fathoms. The bottoms of winzes are within the Jast two -l:iys looking better than ever, and the lode proved for more than 100 fathoms in Icqth. 'New discovery shaft! about half a mile to the east of Talisker lode, is now duwn five fathoms, which has already yielded 15 tons of rich ore. The smalls and crushed work, if dressed, would give five tons more. 'Uarg^ins let on Saturday last as follows, viz. :— Muftbnf s Winze, to hole through to level, at £14 per fathom, by four men. Robinson's Winze, to sink for the month, at £14 per fathom, by four men. New level driving under JMiifi'i.rd'd Winze, by fuur men for the month, jES 10s. iwr fathom. New discovery .shaft, to sink for the month by four men, £7 per fathom. ' Two other places which fur the present cannot well l« sat to. I am further pleased to state that we have now entirely done away with boarding and lodging the men. 'liy the end of this month we shall, with what has been ship-ted and the lot ready for sale, realize considerably over jCiOOO; stock on hand or at surface valued at £3,0-W-not so bad for six and a half months from our first commencing operations.' DINNER TO MESSRS. FROST AND BURTT.-On Wednesday evening, I8th inst., a few gentlemen interested in the mines of the Far North met at Aldridge's to entertain Messrs. Frost and Burtt at a farewell dinner prior to their departure for England. His Worship the Mayor occupied the chair, and a capital spread was provided by Mr. Alridge. After the cloth was removed, the usual loyal toasts were proposed, and heartily responded to. On the toast of the evening being drunk, Mr. Frost rose, and in a plain, straightforward, aud business-like way gave a succinct account of several of the Northern mines, and of his discovery of some of them. Mr. Burtt also spoke respecting some of the mines which had not been alluded to by Mr. Frost. Mr. J. B. Austin, being requested to propose "The Land we Live in,'' took the opportunity to confirm what had been stated by Messrs. Frost and Burtt, and related some of his own experience respecting the Northern Mines. The company present spent a most agreeable evening, the enjoyments of which were diversified by some excellent songs. It is worthy of remark that a gentleman present stated that he arrived in the colony 24 years since as a Government immigrant; he was a working man, and managed to save a little money, which he in- vested in the Burra Mine on its first discovery, and in 18 months thereafter he had realized £3,000 by the investment. The company present was not so large as was expected, in consequence of a dinner being given the same evening to Mr. Henry Martin, Superintendent of the Yudanamutana Mines. 