VISIT il OF HIS EXCELLENCY THE VISIT OF HIS EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR TO BALLAARAT. THE RECEPTION. The welcome accorded to his Excellency the Go- vernor by the people of Ballaarat, on Tuesday, was such as the Sovereign herself might feel proud of. All, classes and e'o^cktitfriei of society ixixkei oat to greet bis Excellency. Loyalty' \Va3 ill # state'; of fermentation, and' could scarcely be resteiin'e'u wiinm uuuuus unsu xue arrival 01 me uu,u.-puBi- uuioo o'clock tr^in with his Excellency and suite. ,' True, the weather was sufficient to damp the ardor.of the loyally disposed, as a fleeting shower now and then reminded the patriotic of : the variableness of our' jtugMiiari clxnlate^ bafcin spite of this drawback ^er^b'dd^ ie'eWe'd . dete'riiiiried oil vieingwitli every body else in acc'oVdirlg' to tHe r'fe'prese'ntdtive dt our gracious Sovereign aright hearty weldoriie, lioi b'illy' because he was the representative of royalty,' but Itl consequence of the upright and impartial manner in which his Excellency has administered the affairs of the colony whilsi resident amongst, us. The day was kept a close holiday, shops, stores, and drapery establishments were closed at one o'clock, and the town appeared in rich holiday garb, with flags flaunting from the house-tops and public edifices. Business generally was suspended, testifying' so far as that tfas cdnceriied tite re'sp'Mct in Whieii Sir Jferiry Barkly is held .iri rtke gddd did tdyhL df Ballaftfat.. £ duiet sjtroij. through tile fowri id the' &iriy; p'aVi b'f tfle day afforded, & capital opportu nity of noting- the1 lbyrilty (if diir citizens; iri Sturt street a large flag was suspe'rided frdiri tlje window of the office of the Water Commission. Ai the Gainp Hotel the flag of the Early Closing As sociation fluttered proudly in the breeze, with the motto Bespice I'inerh. On the gable end at the same building floated a large ensign. At 'the Union Hotel a St. George's ensign waved from the house tdjjj: ' Lester's Hotel was gaily decorated with ever greens. Ttidrii's' ' artip'e'ry e'sVMehjgtent ,.wqs deoo rated with ' a variety of bunting. The flag 8i tfye German nationality waved from the top, of Mr SouVs dyeing establishment. The two large flaws floated from 'the top ol tno I^'1 T™n Hall. Cobb.and Co. 'a corner was decorated with a pi'?* fusion of bunting. The establishments .of Wallace Brothers and Mr B- Jones Were deeded with sundry flags , jind binder!, Cpiispi8|loiW iinidii&st; wljidh Was tlje yg^aJBianlaijcti?!- . ^gWfl ..^JiicH .flo'sif.exi frcjrii the t8p of ihe lAiiiii% egfaM-s^brit.' ?jtlif ^fettiie Boval. Bobson's. and the Western Mre KWrtfrrff* House, were . all decked in holiday attire. In Arm strong street, Messrs Hunt and Opie hoisted a large red, white and blue flag on the top of their foundry. Flags were ialso hoisted on the Town Hall Hotel, the , Edinburgh. Castle. Hotel, and at; the coach-building, establishment of Messrs Lever and Co. Mr A. C. Kerr displayed a variety of bunting ; and Mr Stokes, chemist, a red, white and blue flag. Messrs Wil- liams and King exhibited the Danish national flag on the outside of their establishment. In Mair street, Messrs M'Cartney and Aldred displayed a variety of parti-colored bunting. In Lydiard street, flags were hoisted, on the St. Mungo Hotel, on the Welsh Harp Hotel, and on the George Hotel. In front of the Telegraph Office the Union Jack floated proudly on the breeze. The Colonial Bank displayed several flags, Craig's Eoyal Hotel |?tts^de,cdrEtte(l^ith the tfniou. Jack, which floated frdnl the watch1 tower! , ^e've'ral si|iaU flags we^e displayed at Storiey's Old Hottae' a'fc HbWe. jtilei ' George' floated in front of Christ Church, Lydia'ra street. In Bridge street several establishments were decorated with evergreens. The Buck's Head Hotel was conspicuous for a gay display of flags of all jliliidiisi THe t Alexandra Hotel, the Coftee Mart belonging, to' Mr JoiieS,1 &tfl; M'Cafferty's Hotel also ? displayed their bariilers; , At fcoa'ab'erfc B^'t/tftera; Mr Chard's, the fruiterer; Messrs i^rury staid. Wrigbit'3',' Mi Mr Sterijfeld's i;uinitui*e ' warehouse, ia'rg'e nag's ftiid banne-B fluttered in, fctie b'r'eezV. , The Foutyiiin' Head, Hdteli ffliffl- W£pe! MA Briri^,, aW M$J Draper's establishments also were nicely decora'teS with banners. M'Laren's Hotel, Mr Parley's china shop, the Exchange Hotel, Mr Gibbing's horse re pository, and the Earl of Zetland Hotel displayed a variety, of bunting. The Exhibition Mart was pro f4sely decorated with banners, and- across the way i/ii wHJtej jeweller';, liifd «t jike display. From Hie. idp ,oif . St. ^aiil's' „ Ohurcn' ioMt fjo'ttteft the Unioii Jack, ririd Hard By; ori the D-ariish C'otd pany's claim; fluttered the B'aririebrog.- On Webefr'S Phoenix Hotel was the flag of the free' cityof Hani burg and the English 'ensign ;': higher up, on, the aariie' building,, floated the. flag , of the Balla'arat TuriiyeVein1. 6n Mii top 6'f, the, B'allarfra't Fire Bri fadd engine' Kdiise TVaa. the' Sti Gfedrge's1 etisign', eJudt in a lower portion of the building the banned df the1 brigade. On the .Eastern Town Hall various Bri tish .ensigns were hoisted from an early hour in the day. Lower down the main road, the Great Bri tain Hotel, the Charlie Napier Theatre, Messrs Nokes and Hawkins', and other buildings, displayed their colors. The Lliinberis and other mining companies also hoisted their pennants, and the town generally appeared in . rich holiday attire. The^ Chinese turned out in hundreds. Everywhere they thronged the streets. One of them, on being asked what he thought of the Governor, '' said, ' Him Governor good man, wery good man ; me like, the Governor, and me, like the Queen ; both Wery good indeed.' ' The Chinese were loud in their manifestations of loyalty. About one o'clock a large crowd of. persons and carriages were ob served coming up the Main road. In the front ? of the cortege was a gaily decorated coaoh, drawn by four horses, in which was a party of Chinese musi cians. Then followed six ooaohes, each drawn by two horses, in which were the leading members of ?the Chinese 'community, conspiouous among whom was1 Mr Ah Iioon, the Chinese interpreter, who, mounted on a grey charger and arrayed in 'bell- topper ' and black suit, led the cortege. This pro cession turned by way of Barkly street to Golden Point, with gongs beating and other musical instru ments sounding, until its arrival in China Town, where head ruler, and doctors and interpreters got into some of the carriages. The procession having been re-formed, made its way for the railway station, headed by Ah Koon and six horsemen ; the noisy band aforesaid appearing to tickle the fancy of the youngsters of the town more espe cially. At, two o'clock tho bugle of the Ballaarat Volunteer Bangers sounded to arms from the Camp. Hill, while tho shrill, trumpet of tho cavalry reminded jtho members that it was time to look to their bivddle girths. Botli corps mustered with commendable alacrity, and wero put through a \ little preliminary' ^rfll after falling in.. At three o'clock the cavalry', ittt&er; the command of Captains Burton and Sherard, hdet mastered thirty four strong. The Ballaarat Volunteer Bangers under the command of Major Wallace, Captains Campbell and: Drury, and Lieutenant Strachan, mustered 156 strong, including the band. Both Corps were marched to the railway terminus1, where tbey took up appropriate positions ; the foot within the' teriiiifltis teuding and the cavalry outside. . The nVe'rfrb'ers of botit municipal councils here waited until ffie' arrival of the -train. ,, They were accom panied by the iioiii & J'. Jetraer, one of the members for the province, Mr fl. S. Cfibbs, Mr E. A. Wynne, and several others of our most prominent citizens. The band of the Ballaarat Volunteei' Bo-rigors 'now Btniok UD a lively air- and Vflen completed ti long line of steam ^arrenheip-way heralded the apprbach Of the train. Thelargt; ?rowd of. ^ctators .that;noTV thronged the sktidn both Wthm ™%,*$™*- pressed fiii M* gfllldiit veknt§61'S, Ru.a ^e Eouce' Wer Mv,, Ifyba'tj hdd plenty id Ad io ko^ an SnMiiig for. ffia . Eicellen'cy to1 enle'r^§ if dm the statidii SA i!is' driiyAl: |n' . a1 fef in'intites the'teill was alongside. Tlid erigin'e' wa's,^ec^r£-ted[.with sundry tiny banners,' and OH liid fec'elleiicy b'eiiig recognised, a long and loud cheer wds' tMei;'eaby the multitude. The Bifle Bangers presented aflfls on his Excellency alighting from the train, the band struck up the National Anthem, and another cheer — loud and Iong-^greeted the representative of royalty. His Excellenoy was next led to a carriage and pair provided for his use. His suite, composed of Bri gttdieT' General dhttte, his aide-de-camp, Captain Siclidrdsdii,' Oapltdiri firirie'rerft,- and M* Wadsworth (private s'ecr'e'tdry. td ids' Excellency), wie'i'S provided witK oinoth'eV veh'fclp; . lii tb!e, cptrria^ with Ms Ex cellency rode, thie .cb'airnien' 61 ffie' tw'c- ioT^cils.- , On th'e' way. iq Craig's Eoyol Hotel, BoffidiiMg filce' a1 j'r'o'c^s;sjroy was formed, the Bangers, with theft .band pidyiii^ & ^iveW a'ir: led the way, and were followed by a detaccnVeWfc, --l ijhtf_cayaliy. Next followed the carriage with hM K^eellency's suite, and after that the carriage with the ffp'vomor brought up with a detachment of the cavalry, 'TIM Chinese procession followed with their instruments as noisy and discordant as ever. The street on &$f.side as far as Craig's Boyal Hotel was crowded with' people liffeoli^ay attire, who cheered his Ex cellency lustily. The tfelefony jtrf the George Hotel was crowded with a host of ladies1, ~?7h-3 waved/their SBOwy handkerchiefs and vied with those B'dW, in the display of loyalty. On. his Excellency alighting at Craig's Boyal Hotel another loud huzza rent the fife. ? ? ? . . ? ? . . .'.'.'... ?'', A- large Humber of deputations were then intro du'eed' td his ETSoelleaoy who gave suitable replies to file1 several vale'dictoVy Mdr'esfsetf they presented. : 'QMS i^NQtr'E'r'; ; ,...',' ? The banquet to his fei^Sueney w'ajs' foa& ,irt the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, ffla wife' fe. firs* spi'ead in that elegant and spacious room since1 its' decoration. The caterer was Mr Brown of the Earl of Zetland Hotel, and we do him but common justice Whan we say that we never saw a better cold colla tiori lerVedu'i i irlBalkarat, There were fpurtables running ih'e wb.oie ien'gtb: of the hall, savo the space .tfcctfpiect .at the north' end by' d, crbsS; table on a raised dais 16'riHe.pri^ci^afgtr^s^pf the' eVefifetgi At the back of the . i'&'&M; idlli^ was' a! greett baiz'e' screen, over which was built a-ixdyaf ck nri&; ijb6 ' Boyal Standard in the centre being flankeu Vj ffi'e Union Jack and the Dannebrog. All the seats were1 covered with green baize, and the tables, in addition to the artistically arranged viands and utensils were decked here and there with bouquets of flowers. Th'eba'njdl of the rifle corps was in attendance, and played quViW jtie1 eve.nin'g. Mr Paniel Oliver acted as ' td'a's'i mast ej! ;an'd: .ai'1 lea'def of ,rf bandl of glee singers, comprising'' Mes'sts5 A.' Oliver, P'. Gaziily, and the Messrs Miller, who Sriiig' iR epteneiAjifLei a selection of glees during the evenitig'i Mr R. Lewis, C.M.C.B., occupied the chair, having on Ma' right hand his Excellency Sir H. Barkly, Acting ffejfcaia Sherard, Mr. Clissold,, Captain Bancroft, Mr rf. B;dker'j CJflrttais Burton. Mr Jenner. M.L.C., and MrLdckett; a'tld on' bid loft hand Major- General Chute; Mr ft. S. GibbSy , Majcrt Wallace, Captain EicHof'ds'onV arid Messrs Wa'dWorth, Lang, Fisken, and lidiifeHj Grvtr 2'00 ^entleWen s^at down to din ner, including . n&frfy;' all tie leading public1 Men, professional men, and mel'chflilta oi the1 ioyfht and district. His Excellency entered the i'dditi sot* after seven o'clock, and was received with, lottd cheers, the band playing 'God Save the Queen.' The Bev. Mr Potter said grace, and when the heaviei potion of the feast had been discussed, the .toast master1 called upon the guests to charge their glasses. ,T hie usual loyal toasts ' The Queen,' and ' The JPrince' of Wales and the Boyal Family,' having bedn' drunk with hearty cheers, The Chairman rase and proposed ' The Guest of the Ervening;' (Loud and prolonged cheers.) He sjWke ds follofws )— The! time has arrived when the connection1 b'etwe'ert his Excellency and this colony must .terminate, and fee citizens of this important town and district could not allow him to leave the country without- expressing, in the m'ost marked manner, their esteem and regard for his Exc0llency personally (cheers), and their conviction that he has wielded the authority committed to him by our be loved Sovereign with wisdom and justice, andacted his high and important part under a sense of duty to our Queen and country. (Cheers.) Popular ap plause is not always of real virtue ; but when a man has finished his task, when he is returning from his. field of labor, when he is going away to return no more, when no one has anything to gain by him, then, if he carries away with him the tribute of a people's praise, he certainly has good proof' that he has deserved well of his country, and that he has shown himself a good man and true. (Cheers.) Such is the reward which now falls, to the lot of bis Ex cellency, and we are here to express our conviction that with great difficulties to deal with, he has been a inost successful Governor, and proved himself to be a man of high principle, and superior ability. (Cheers.) , Sir Henry Barkly entered upon.the go vernment of. the colony at a time when more than .ordinary ability and, zeal for public good wore required in a governor. Conflicting interests had to be reconciled, opposing elements had to be fused and moulded into one. Important social interests, just struggling into existance, had to be fostered and cok firmed. All this Sir Henry Barkly has success fully accomplished during the period of his govern ment: We cannot but feel his tusk has been no easy one, when we remember the vast stream of population which flowed into this colony a few years ago from so many different sources.' All classes of society, rich and poor, good and bad; edu cated and ignorant, gave us contributions from' their ranks. All countries in the world, with all their varieties of thought, habits, eiluoatbn, and prejudice, Vwere represented. Adventurers from all parts of '. the world, attracted by the never-failing talisman of gold, selected Victoria as the land of their adoption. The social condition arising from such a mixed popu lation was not easily to be dealt with ; arid again, when we reflect on the state of society which of necessity exists in new gold-fields, we cannot fail to perceive how great was the work Sir Henry Barkly had to grapple with. (Cheers.) ; In new countries, espe cially on new goldrfields, every man is veiy apt to do that which appears right in his own eyes. The restraints and influences of civilisation in old coun tries are wanting. A great many people feel like boys let loose from school, and are bent on having their own way in the new atmosphere of liberty; the result of this is disorder, insubordina tion, crime, and misery. To reduce this chaos to order, to bring these discordant elements under the salutary influences of civilisation and religion, and to combine them in one well-arranged healthy society was no easy task. Yet this has been accom plished during the period that Sir Henry Barkly has been Governor of Victoria, and I believe we all feel illftfc u° smatt Par* °* the success which has attended IM§ ifSffe »s ^ue t6 k™' His has been the hand fa bold the Vlance between opposing in ifatofe ttuA conflicting \, °ai1ies' T 5^lstt.doillg 1 Msy witli. an- en%fatetie^j»«Jment and strict impar tiality, Jn' my' opinion', nftkl nuT sa^ ls ^e echo of the opinion oiihiii AsMet, he hag iwever^one be' yorid the bounds of a stticUftiOMkationai t»~ove™?r (Loud cheers.) He has been tile' ioxemast to - countenance class feuds and religion^ ]Ja.'efiKlices. He has ever been forward in promoting the1 vye'Ifes?© of those religious and benevolent institutions withorffr which no country can prosper and no society can hold together. He has thrown the influence of his position and character into the scale in support of those' iriol'al* literary and scientific movements by j which.' the' tone of ihe public mind is enlarged and elevated! ? and; owiflg io fl great measure to that, in- fluence we'* wntf weve' ai few yeai'8 ago a mere collec tion of atoms 6i tie great family of mat}, without any apparent bond of uniofl, tfe fat becoming fused i feo a well organised and cifiJaste'd- community. It is because we believe that Sir HeMry Bai-kly has greatly Contributed to this result that \V6 feel called upon to do him' n'onor at. his departure, and because he has united us in cio's'eir ties to our Queen and the Government of England, by1 doing his duty to the country that sent him forth, and fho country he came to govern. (Cheers.) Let us hope thatf success and pVQVpfiwty may attend the future career of bis Ex cellency jjtfbeers), and that he may long live to s'e?ve the Queen an$ ffcte people of England the same as' he has served them' feel's. May England long con tinue to send forth to afl &e;? colonies, men like Sir Henry Barkly, animated by ffie1 &me; principle, and steady devotion to duty— ' Till in all' lands and through all human sfovy, The path of duty is the way to glory.' Add eW, Sir Heniy Barkly, allow me, with all sin cerity an'ct eairnestness to assure you that wherever you may go, 6¥' wli^teyeY path an All- wise Provi dence may mark difti loir you, both you and Lady Barkly will carry with1 you1 _ the affectionate re gard and esteem of the people? ©f Victoria and of this district in particular. (Load tittdt continued applause.) ? 'The toast was drunk with enthusiasm. Sis Excellency, on rising to respond, was greeted* fU'ti 6nthu'sia!sm, find when the cheering had ceased Ti8 pttfceeijecli to respond to the toast, and to the fol lowing £#e'e'£ :V?'Mr Chairman and Gentlemen — I should be cold iMee'd1, an'd! nop'eryiona to the or- f dinary emotions of h.tLtHdH riiiM-e1, if I Was not grate- \ ful from the very bottom of HlfWexi fbi-tbe enthu siastic reception which you have gJv&tf; lite to-day. (Cheers.) I knew full well that Balkar&fi; d!id- not do things by halves. I felt assured that if 1 cWm'er before' yoa you would give me a cordial welcome J b'nifc,£ wife not prepared, I confess, for such a leave trfkitfg! ds'this- Which ytftt have now displayed. It so happen1^ fef yottr ohak-maa, Mr Lewis— who has alluded to tU« in' flVtOenn'g— in too flattering terms— (Cries of 'Ko1,- itoV') Mr Lewis was the first to call upon md M Melbotirne after intelligence had arrived of my {fa^aietetice to the Government of the Mauritius, ttofd' Ife' said that my friends in Ballaarat would expect; io'^ see' me once more before I went away, and I saitt t Would endeavor to make arrangements to be here. 1- thought then that it would only involve the ex Cha'itfge' of civil addresses, but when I found that Ballaarat Mended to do me honor by . a public banquet I thought it impossible to avoid acceding to your invitation. 1 thfoWght also that in visiting one of the principal gold'fleMJs of the colony, I should mark my respect for that greffit mining in terest to which Victoria mainly otffes' her pros perity. (Cheers.) There are some who think that the palmy days are past, and the yield of gold IB' duced, and that in a few years hence the export of gold will cease to be so great.. But I do not think so : and I may, perhaps, be excused making a few passing allusions to the prosperityof Victoria as a mining community. (Cheers.) At first there were those who predicted that the gold discovery would be a serious evil to the colony, and perhaps they Would be justified by the. history of the Spanish con quest of Mexico and Peru, but they altogether failed to. understand the Anglo-Saxon character, and the immense advantages of free institutions. (Cheers.) Twelve years have passed now since the gold discovery first took place, and there would be no man daring enough to say that the results of that discovery were a curse instead of a. blessing. No one will venture to compare the Victoria of 1851 with the Victoria of 1863. If there is such a per son I advise him to put himself in the train upon the magnificent railway to Ballaarat, which has been constructed by capital loaned on the security of the gold produce of the colony. I would ask him to walk in the magnificent streets of Ballaarat, founded on the substantial treasures of the earth beneath them. I would ask him to look over' this fertile agricultural district, and if he were not satisfied, I would invite him to look at the returns of some of your large mining adventures — ? of the Black Hill Company, for instance, with its rate of from twenty to thirty per cent, profit on the capital invested. (Cheers.) I would take him to the deep claims, with their produoe — some of them — of gold to the amount of £100,000 a-year, and toll him of tho confidence shown in your mining adventures by your partnerships of fifty years' duration in anticipation, and I would also point to your prioes current, to show the confi dence which your business men have in mining shares. (Cheers.) I might further show him that tho aggregate amount of gold this year, 00,000 or 70,000 oz, exceeds the produce during tho lirst six months of ltisc ytnir, find this would, at all ovente, seem to agree with the lust; paragraph of the report of the mining commission, which expresses confi dence in the continued prosperity of the mining interest. (Cheers.) But even if it were otherwise* —if there was a gradual exhaustion — it would be* ' better to look things in the face. However, hitherto^ the gold : discovery had been one of our greatest blessings, and if it were properly used would continue to be so. Wherever we look we see roads and bridges and the progress of agricul tural settlement ; the far distant interior has been explored, and so successfully that a gentleman re cently informed me that he had found flocks of sheep depasturing within 120 miles of the Gnlf oS Carpentaria. And all this has been due to the dis covery of gold, which has been an unmingled andl unmitigated blessing. (Cheers.) If the wise policy of the Legislature of the colony, which has in the past done so much (in spite of party and other obstruc tions) for the good of the colony, shall be persevered in, the prosperity of Victoria will still continue, and Ballaarat will always largely share in that prosperity because of ber unrivalled resources. Ballaarat has had the good fortune to have in her public offices men of intelligence and energy, who have well watched her interests ; and the fertility df the dis- '?' trict is another of her sources of wealth. I must now take my formal leave of you, and I assure you that I shall always remember the kindness I have : ? received at your hands. Your kindness has been ... no mere summer fancy, but it has adhered to me through good report and through evil report. (Loud cheering.) This is shown in your feting me now, when I have nearly arrived at the last moment of ^^ stay, and when, as your chairman said just now, . you i,ave nothing to expect from me as a new gcwemoi't I ^eel *^a* th*8 honor you show me is nota&cWd; io S16 personally, but to the Government I have fkg honor to represent. (Cries of ' No, no.') . After all, it fe noi- much that any constitutional governor 'can do, either for the good or evil of 'a','! colony. The conduct of the people of Ballaarat is highly creditable to the^i an(l I am sure that when my successor comes they r^ill Pay hi™ equal honor —first as the representative o* her Majesty, and then { to himself. Sir Charles Darling 'w^11 be a»le to ap- , preciate the demonstration of ^esPect 7°^- bava. ,i; shown to me, and will endorse the a^Qwm of the Scotch poet who says — . , ; .,?, i ' 'Tis good to be merry and wise, : . 'Tis good to be honest and true ; 'Tis good to be off wi' the auld love ? . Before you are on wi' the new.' ? ? .,-, The conclusion of his Excellency's speech was' greeted with loud and long continued applause. x Mr J. B. Humffray, M.L.A., then proposed 'The'1',' Army, Navy and Volunte,era,' and said, he would'/ ?'.' be surprised if any of the British community was backward in responding to such a toast. The navy ! of England was the first in the world, and he thought the volunteers of Ballaarat had shown they were not behind those of England, or any other Colony. The army and navy of England had. always done their duty, and always would do so. There was one thing his Excellency could report td- her Majesty, and that was the unmistakable loyalty of the people of this colony — not a mere verbal ex- ': pression of loyalty, bat actual demonstration in ' ? deeds, as was evidenced just now in the volunteer- ' ing to maintain the Queen's authority in New Zea land. He would therefore call on them to respond Jk'esrtily to the toast. (Cheers.) The toast was drunk with all the honors. ' y Mafor-'General Chute, in responding for the _ army, .??? congratulated the people of Ballaarat in having so ? efficient a local corps. JTrbm what he had seen that ' day of the volunteers, he could say they were- second ; to none in the colony. (Cheers.) That, no -doubt, ? was in a great measure 5ne to the efficiency of t%eir '? officers. (Cheers.) ' \ Major Wallace responded on behalf of the volun teers, and was very heartily received- 'He said he had! gfteat pleasure in responding to the toast, for he had boom connected with the volunteers ever since their establishment in the colony. It had been said ; they were expensive, and perhaps they were ; bufc they had never had till now on opportunity of show ing their value. But bow they had; arid he wass ? sure they would show it. The whole Ballaarat corp» had offered to go with him to New Zealand, and he was sure that, if they did go, they would come back with credit. (Cheers.) He would have been glad of fiwelve months' leave to go to New Zealand, and numbers of volunteers, if they could be spared, would be glad to go. (Cheers.) He was sorry they were not to have that luxury— for he might call it a luxury, instead of being cooped! up ; here in Ballaarat. But it was not to be so, and ? they must he satisfied and do their duty here, ? (Cheers.) , ? , __ ... Mr F. Young, chairman of the Eastern Municipal Council', and vice-chairman of the banquet, then proposed, ' The Executive Council and Parlia ment of Victoria.' - . Tho toast was drunk with demonstrative in terest. ' „ ' ' '' ' Mr Jenner, M.L.C., in responding on behalf of ? the Legislative Council, regretted that no other members of the Council were present^ but remarked that they would have the opportunity of meeting his Excellency in Melbourne, and that the 'Land Bill was expected from the Assembly. He would not moot any great political questions there (hear, hear), as they often led to differences of opinion.. It was not long since flocks and herds roamed ' over the spot where Ballaarat now was, and Vic toria was fast becoming a great country. As ih& popu lation of Europe increased so would immigration hither increase. He had travelled over a great part of the world but never had seen a place equal to Victoria. Ours was tho best wool, wheat, and wine, and if we could but keep the present Governor and Ministry in office peace and prosperity would be ours. (Cheers.) The present Ministry meant to do right, and were worthy of the support of every honest man in the colony. (Cheers.) A more honest, faithful, and pious Governor than Sir Henry ?? Barkly we never had (cheers), and his name would ever live in our memory, (Cheers.) We would' have pleasure in seeing him again, and though too late now to regret his departure, ho trusted that before long there would be petitions generally signed, praying for his return. (Cheers.) Every member of the Legislative Council would agree to that, and on behalf of the Council he begged to re turn thanks for the toast. (Cheers.) ' Mr Humffray, in the absence of Mr Gillies, re sponded for the Lugislative Assembly, and was un derstood to say that if the action taken by the Assembly merited public approbation, he was glad it had met with the approbation of the public. Mr Pope, M.L.A., in response to calls for him, : h:u-1 lie was not prepared for a speech, and would, therefore ' cut it short,' by thanking them for the ? English manner in which they had received tho English toast. He hoped that his Excellency would bear away with him the remembrance that our little quarrels about privilege and what not in the House showed that we were chips of the old block, and that the Parliament was a tolerably fair reflection of the feelings and opinions of the people of the colony. He trusted also that the people would see to it, that by honest and earnest minded men 'they maintained that position for all time to come. (Cheers.) A number of other toasts were proposed and re sponded to, after which the Governor left the room, and the assembly broke up. 