THE EOYAL MARRIAGE CELEBRATION". The quiet sunset which closed in ycsteiday afternoon gave token of a pleasant, if not fine, day for the rejoicings which commence with this morning's dawn. It would bo n sad disap- pointment to many if this woro not the case, after a pieparation whian has fairly put Melbourne upside down. AU day yesterday, the uppermost idea in every one's, miud was the forthcoming festival. Shops in Melbourne were open as usual, but the business done all boro reference to the great topic, and shopkeepers, in their anxiety about their own sharo in tbo display, about the flags which were to float from their roofr, the green brunches which were to deck their fronts, aud their gas-pipes, transparen- cies, ai.d candle-frames, nearly forgot their customers. Frum morning to night men were, fixing flags, fitting gas-pipes, and arranging all the paraphernalia of illumina- tion. The roads from tho country weiro crowded with carts luden with branches of sweet-scented wattle or bright-leaved gum suckers ; and what with woikers and gazers, all theprincipal streets of the town were as busy as though they wcro all Bourko streets. As the day advanced, it became a wonder where so many flags carno from. No houEe appeared without buntiug in somo Bhape or other, anil strings of them were in many casca stretched from the opposite houses of our witlest thorougbfaici. As night set iu, the crowd of spectators increased, for many of tho finest illuminations weto lit up on trial; asmcUofg.is pervaded the air, auel the sound of exploding crackerslet off inna ticipi tion of the morrow, made up a «¡ene which gave the town an odd appearance, and pre- pared the miud for the carnival of to-day. Though wo have alicudy given our readers very full descriptions of what is to take place in Melhourno todny, wchuve yet something moro to add. As to the procession, a few alterations hive bjcu made. In honour of the birthplace of Prince Albert Edwaid's great ancestor, the sons of Cymru-n poetical uaroo for Welshmen-aro to lead the van. Moreover, the vici- cbancellorofthoUniverfityhas invited raembersofcounc.il and membersofthcTJnivor Btty to meet him, in full acadotnic costume, at the Immigrants' Home, at eleven a.m.,that they may join in the demonstration. Tho prepara- tions at the Government-house Reserve havo been very extensive. Quito a canvas city has sprung up in that remote neighbourhood, and it is some guarantee for its stability that tho tents havo been put up by Mr. T. Grimwood; who has learned so much experience in bad weather during his volun- teer-catering career. ' Thero is first tho Governor's pavilion, a handsome tent with boarded floor, 170ft. in circumference. Here addresses will be presented, and tho more formal and august proceedings como off. Ranged in a half-circle in tho neighbourhood aro seven tents foi the childion's dining rooms : ono is 100ft. long and 20/fc. wide, and the others of less proportions, but, altogether, they will hold 6,000 children at once. Tho juveniles aro to be taken in two divisions, ono of which will be fed nt one, and the othor at two o'clock. Three large tents, one 100ft. x 20ft and tlie others, GOft. x 80ft., will nocornmodato the adults, who will dine at ono. two, and three o'clock. For thoso who ate abovo an eleemosynary meal, there is ample accommo- dation, no less than seventeen booths for the sale of refreshments and fruit having been erected. At a little distanco is the tent for the fncworks. A large piece of ground has been roped off for the sport?, and in the centre is a raised platform, twenty-four feet square, for tho Caledonian games and dances. The list of temporary erections is concluded by mention of a handsomo pavilion, set asido for the mayor and city corporation, and their friends and guests. Altogether, ample provi- sion is mado for tis many as eau possibly come. Mr. J. Rider, of the People's Instaurant, in Bourke-street, has undertaken to provide tho eatables. Tho people of Flinders- street havo also determined upon a small demonstration among themselves, and on Queen's "Wharf there will bo a bullock roasted for a supply of beer, bread, and beor' ad libitum, and old English sports afterwards. So much for the morning. Tho afternoon will be occupied according to tho programuio in various ways, which wo have already de- scribed. Prizes have beon given by the cor- poration for boat-races, and tho following havo been airanged to como off, till the boats being four oars : 1\. First Heat, Outriggers.-Ariel (white and bluo) and University (wJiite, blue oars) crews. 2\. Gig Race.-Leander (red, white, and blue), and Melbourne (white, blue, and red stripe), orewB. 3\. First Heat Maidens.-Leander and Uni- versity «rews. / 4\. Second Heat Outriggers.-Elswick (white, red caps) and Leander cicws. 6\. Second Heat Maidens. - Elswick and combination crews. 0\. Watermen's Race.-Oxlnde crew (red and white) aud T. Warde's ciew (pink). 7\. Final Heat Outriggers. - Winners of previous heats. 8\. Final nent Maidens.-Winners of pre- vious heals. The first race will. begin *at half-past ono, the others at intervals of twenty minutos. Boats not at the post ten minutes past tho timo for starting will bo disqualified. The course will bo the old one, on the Upper Yarra. In referonco to the night's proceedings, it is to bo hoped drivers of vohicles will not causo troublo by not adhering to Hie regulations, which aro to be found in our advertising columns, and will bo placarded about the city. Tho Mayor has published an address, in which ho confidently appeals to the good feeling and loyalty of all classes in preventing any interruption of the festivities, and though his interdiction of fireworks ¡B not likely to be much attended to, this last most reason- able request will probobly bo strictly obeyed. Wo havo hitherto avoided noticing what the illuminations will be, as mention before- hand is invidlotiB and purposeless ; but wo may just mention that Messrs. Langlands and Co. intend to add to the blazo of light nt tho west end of the town by charging their cupola, at eight p.m., and the limo light will bo displayed on the top of the Melbourno Club-house, from eight to ten run. Tho ben fires will be of enormous Bi'ze, and that in the Govomment-honso reservo is to bo one of tho largest, for tons upon tons of firewood have been brought to tho ground, besides an incrediblo quantity of tar barrels, naphtha, and damaged oil. That at Sandridge is to bo sovonty-five feet in circumference,and twenty-fivofeethigh, and composed of sheoak, oil, tar barrels, old spars coal tar, resin, and light wood. These, among tho numerous others in tho suburbs, will have an awful effect at night, which will not be lessened by the dim reflection of a, bonfire, to bo constructed at Schnapper Point of 400 tons of firewood, and another of equal sha on the top of Mount Macedon. Besides the various municipal balls, similar entertainmonts will bo given at the Alhambra, the Galway Club Hall, Wivell's Assembly Rooms, in Fitzroy-streot, Neal's City Hotel, Trades nail, and last, not least, the Apollo Music Hall. Thero will bo a grand dischargo of rockets at the Government-hill Reservo, and at a quarter before ten p.m., three purple rockets will give the signal for a contempo" rançons discharge of rockots from all sides ' and a salute fired at midnight is to concludo tho proceedings. It is always imprudent to boast what a day and night will bring forth but Burely to-day will bo ono such as Victoria has nover seen before. COLLINGWOOD. The principal thoroughfares of Collingwood presented a very busy scene yesterday, scores of workmen being actively employed in the erection of triumphal arches, the fitting up"of gas jots, and the decoration of shops and houses with flag1', evcinreens, and flowers. No alteration has beon made in tho pro- gramme of tho rejoicings issued by the cpm mitteo, which wa3 published in The Atsus of yesterday. FITZROY. Tho preparations for the rejoicings in this | municipality were carried on with tho utmost activity lyosterday, and no doubt to-day will witncîs a right loyal and successful demon- stration. The decorations and illumination in front of tho Town nail will bo exceedingly effective, and many of the citizens havo pre- pared appropriate devices for tho illumination of their shops and dwellings. A slight altera- tion was made yesterday in tho official pro- gramme of the day's festivities. The children oro to a semble at their respective schools at half-past nine o'clock, instead of a quarter to twelve, as mentioned in yesterday's papor. They will afterwards ho mustered togethor on tho reserve, opposite Mr. Templelou's, and will milich through tho principal stieets of tho municipality to tho mai kot-place, where dinner will ho awaiting them. Subttantia refieshments will bo provided at tho same rendezvous throughout the day to all comerp, a number of butcbeis, bakers, and other tradesmen having contributed tho necessary vian-is. A ball in the* evening! will wind up tho rejoicings. CARLTON. This district will not bo less loyal than its noighbours. Several decorations and illumi- nations have beon prepared, and thcie willie various festivities, including a general dis- tribution of bread and beef. A uumbar of tradesmen have mado handsome contributions to próvido a treat for the inmaks of the Female Refuge. HOTHAM. Northward and weetward of Melbourne, in ho adjacent township of Hotham, aud in tho farther and outlying municipality of Brunswick, vigorons efforts have been put forth, and tho proceedings in thoso districts "to day will he fraught with festivity and fun. In Hotham the publia and several private de- corations will present a gay and attractive appearanca. Tho Town-hall, in addition to its gorgeous garb of flowers nnd shrubs by day, will he illuminated with nppioprinto devices in the evening. A splendid tiiumphal nroh, reaching right across Qneeusbjrry street, from the Court-house reserve to tho Court-house) Hotel, has also been erected. Owing to tho praiseworthy liberality of tho Municipal Council, the out-door festivities will bo of a commensurate character. The proceedings of tho day will bo inaugurated by a procession to ba formed opposito the Town-hall. The chairman and town councillors, and tho various lodges and courts of Oddfel- lows and Forestors of tho district, the Rechabites, and tho cbildicn of the- dif- ferent schools, as well as the inhabi- tants generally, will tako part in the procession, which will movo from Quecns berry-strcet, and pass along Curzon, Victoria, Howard, and Blackwood streets to the FIo mington-road, and from thenco nlong Vil- liers, Leveson, and Cbetwynd streets. Aftor the procession lins gono its rounds, the juve- nile portion of it will proceed to tho Royal pork, and thero bo regaled with fruit and pastry. At tho reservo near the chinch, in Queensberiy-street, a bullock will be roasted whole, and a public luncheon will be given, to which the inhabitants of the district, all and sundry, aro invited. In the evening, a monster bonfire will be lighted on tho rising ground on tho Flomington-rond, and from its conspicuous position it will bo visiblo from a great distanco. Duo precautions with regard to the satisfactory carrying out of tho ar- rangements of tho day havo been ruado by tho committee ; and it is confidently antici- pated that the demonstration will be such as to cause it tobo long and happily remembered in the district. RICHMOND. In thiB municipality, tho Royal marriage will ha celebrated with great enthusiasm Many of tho Btreets will ho gaily decorated, and the programme prepared by the Rejoicings Committee will enablo all classes to partici- pate in the festivities. From morning to night thero promises to ho an uninterrupted day of merry-making and enjoymont. A pro- cession, including tho children belonging to tho various schools, members of public bodies, friendly societies, and othors, will bo formed at the court-house, at ton o'clock, and walk to Dockcr'a-hill, wheio an address will bo de- livered by tho chairman of tho municipal. council. A feast for tho children, and good chcor for all adults, will follow, and tho volun teois will firo Royal salutes. A variety of athletic sports will bo provided, and bonfires, fireworks, and illuminations will mako night joyous. PRAHRAN. Tho Municipal Council and tho inhabitants of tho principal portions of the district havo joined their oftoits to give due effect to their expressions of loyalty. The great business of tho municipal authorities will bo tho piescnta tion of addresses to thc.Quoen and to the Prince and Princess of AVnles. This was in- tended to take place under a triumphal arch, erected in tho Gardiner's Crcok-road, near the corner of tho Punt-road; but the loyalists of South Yarra having taken umbrago at tho refusal of ,tho Prahran Municipal Council to pay tho oxponso of tho arch, placed it within the boundary of tho city of Melhourno, tho men of Ptahran woro obliged to erect a second oich, which they havo placed at the corner oí Chapol strbot, and it will bo hero that tho addresses of' congratulation will bo prcsontod, The Town-hall of Prahran will bo tnstofully and gally decorated with ovorgroons and flowers, and at night will bo illuminated. Tho re- joicings will commonco with tho firing of twenty- ono volloys by tho local troop of voluntcors from tho Town-hall tower. At ton o'clock, tho councillor*, tho Masons, the Oddfellows, and other societies, will form into procession at tho Town-hall, and pro- ceed up Ohapol-strcef, whoro thoy will bo joined by the good mon and trtto from Toorak, and tho united bodies will await the Governor's approach, and the addresses will ho prosonted. Tho Prahran citizens will thon return to thoir Town-hall, where an abundant collation will be provided, freo, for everybody. The feast for childicn has been postponed until to-morrow, the managers believing that the children will faro better and enjoy them solvcs moro if thoy havo a day to themselves. A variety of old English sports will bo pro- vided in an opon spaco oppositeMr. Chambors's house, beyond Oharles-strcot, in a line with Greville-street, Thero will bo several bonfires, fire-balloons, and a display of fireworks in .the evening. Thoro will bo a considorablo number of tho houses in tho moro public streets illuminated, and they already look gay with djsrlâys of flags, shrubs, flowers, and , evergreens, in decorative devices. > , SOUTH YARRA. A triumphal arch has been erected across the Gardiner's Creok-road, adjoining the Christ'Church ground. Here a procession of the residents will be formed, and an addre33 will be-presented to His Excellency, and a bouquet to Lady Barkly. A detachment of the Volunteer Artillery, with two guns, will bo stationed hore, and a Royal Baluto will b3 fired on the departure of His Excellenoy. A fine band will also be stationed hera. The artillery, with gun detachment, will tako rosition from the arch on tho cast, aud extend down on each side of tho road. Th.3 cavalry will form on each sido next to the artillery ; and tho children of the local schools will bo arranged to the east. % TOORAK. . The centio of tho public rejoicings of this loyal locality will bo the Cricket Ground, situated to the north of Notley's Toorale Hotel, where the residents will meet at tau o'clock} and proceed to join the Prahran municipality in their line of march westward until.after the presentation, of tho addresses of congratulation. This being done, the Toorale folks.will return to their own ground, where a large marquee has been erected, and where a collation will bo provided. A tri- umphal arch has been erected across the road, near the spot, bearing an inscription of wel- come, and decorated with the national flags. ' In the -evening, a great bonfire will be lightol near the Cricket Ground, and thore will be a brilliant display of fireworks. After the coll fi- tton provided in the marquee has boon dis- posed of, a ball will bo held there, which, it Í3 expected, will be well attended. WINDSOR. The good people of this portion of the Municipality of Prahran do not intend ti have any separate demonstration of their own. They join in the general display, under tha management of the committee of the munici- pal council. The Oddfellows and Foresters of the locality will, it is understood, join in the procession of the day. ST. KILDA. Within tho bounds of this municipality great preparations are being made to cele- brate the Royal marriage. The committee of management have spared no pains to make the demonstration worthy of the occasion, and if their programme is well carried through, it ?will he a success. The children of the various fchools will assemblo about nine o'clock in the morning at their respective school-rooms, an i will be drawn up in front1 of the Town-hall about ton o'clock, when they will sing the national anthem. They will then march thronen several of the'principal streets, and, finally,' about twelve o'clock, they will fini their way into the park, where a substantial luncheon will be sorved for them. Fireworks will be distributed to the wholo of the children bbout half-past one, and about twj o'clock they will bo dismissed to their hornea. An evening procession of adults, composed of the Artillery Company, the firo brigades Oddfellows, Foresters, Officers of the Munici- pality, Members of Committee, Magistrates and Town Council, the Clergy, the Rifle Com! pany, and the public generally, with bands and banners, will boginHhoir march through tho principal streets on their way to Point Ormond, about half-past five o'clock On their arrival there, tho chairman of tho municipality will deliver an appro- priate address, the combustibles will be fired, threo cheers given for the Queen, three mora for the Princo and Princess, andbotween each cheer the volunteers will fire a feu de joie, the band playing the National Anthem. The procession will thon re-form, and march back to the Town-hall, where somowhat similar ceremonies will bo gone through, and then tho illuminations will commence. Immediately after the dismissal of the children in th.3 forenoon, an Interesting ceromony will taka place, namely, the planting of two memorial trees in the public gardens-tho one to b3 labelled "A. E.," and the other "A." The Town-hall will bo very tastefully decorated with evergreens and flowers, and over the prin- cipal entrance thero will be placed a crown, tho Prince of Wales' feathers, andbolow them tho letters " A.B. & A.;" while over the on ttances^in Barkly and Grey streets, stars will he placed. Tho effect of the decorations will undoubtedly bo very fine. Amongst the other features'of tbo rejoicings thero will boamonster bonfire on the Red Bluff, and anothor on som 3 vacant land bolow tho court-house. Thi slaughterman of tho municipality (Mr. Eding- ton) wiU roast a bullock on the town com- mon, in front of the Village Belle Hotel, Soi eral of the bakers willijivo the necessary bread, whilo the landlord of tho inn will con- tribute the boor requisite to quench the thirst of the onlookers and participators In tho good cheer. ,Nor will tho poor of tho district bo forgotten amidst the general rejoicing. The Ladies' Benevolent Society will attona to their wants. The council havo given £100 in all towards the festivities, £60 for gas, and £50 for other purposes, while the pri- vate subscriptions already recoived amount io between £170 and £180, and it JB expected that upwards of £200 will ba realised. That tho subscription has boen a von general ono is ovident from the fact, that in no 'case was an individual contribution allon ed to exceed three guineas, although in many instances offers of much larger sums w oro made. Tho committee have engaged the services' of tho Geelong band for the occasion, and they will bo in attendanco from nine in the morning until seven in tho evening*, at which hour it is intended to bring tho local demonstration, except as regards tho illumt nations'to a close, in order that tho good people of St. Kilda may have an opportunity of witnessing tho doings in Melbourne in tho evening. Tho railway Btation will io gally decorated with ovorgreens and flowers,-1 and over the principal entrance there will ho a floral crown and the Prince of Wales' fiatherë, with the letters "A. & A." The« will also be ono or two floral arches at tho different; entrances. Many of tho private louses tivill display decorationB of many kinds, and have flags of all nations and colours Vaving from convenient points. 3o _ " , EMERALD-HILL, lho'^model municipality" will not be be- hind otliei suburban localities in marking its appreciation of tho joyous occasion. The preparations made for the day aro on a pretty extensive scale, and the demonstration bids fair' to bo a successful ono. There will bo no less than four bonfires at different plates, accompanied by displays of fireworks I There will bo rural sports of voriouB kinds on tho reserve In front of tho Catholic Or- phanage, and thom will bo a groat public dinner 'on the reservo, fronting Markot gtroot, wfieroabandwill be in attendance to contribute to tho enjoyment of the guests. Thero will also be roasting of oxon, Bheop, arid pigs, orf tho square between Clarendon and Moray-átreets, and above all, there will bo a public ball in the Mechanics' In Biitute Din the evening, for which free tickets fwill be given on application. About four in the afternoon, Sorgeant Nimmo of the R V. V. Artillery will fiio a Royal soluto on tho Market Resorvo. Spanning Cecil-street, about 200 yards upwards from iho Sandridge-road, there will he a' handsome floral arch, with an appropriate motto; and there will be others on a smaller scale ia several parts of tho municipality. The council chamber will also be decorated with flag!, evergreenB, and flowers, and tho motto run- ning along the whole face of tho chamber ii, "Long Live Albert and Alexandra; may they he Happy." Thore will also bo over tho en- tronco door a transparency exhibiting por- traits of the Royal pah. The chamber, lika the great majority of tho private houses, will ho illuminated in the evening. SANDRIDGE. The inhabitants of this municipality ara likely to take their proper share in the rejoic- ings to day. The local committee have made their arrangements well, and their pro- gramme is a good one. The Court-house will be decorated, and will havo in front of it a largo transparency, exhibiting at the top the Princo of' Wales's feather ; below that, on tho left-hand side, the arms of the Prince of Wales, and on the right those of tho Princess with a rose in the centre ; the lower por iion of the transparency being occupied with the English and Danish arms, the motto being " Peace, honour, love, and truth." In front of the council chambor there will he an illumi- nated star and the municipal arms. Beyond the. lagoon, on the east side of Sandridge, a Iai go bonfire willie lighted, and there will b3 it display of fireworks. The Naval Brigade avili fire a Royal salute in the middle of the day, and they and the Rifles speak of matching through the town and firing at the corners of tho different streets. Th.3 children of aU ages will be provided with an entertainment at four o'clock in the after- noon, in the Naval Brigade Orderly-room. At tho Sugar-works thero will, also bo a dis-, play in the way of decorations and illumina- tions. A largo transparency outsido thí building facing Bay-street will exhibit por- traits of the Prince and Princess, with the «otto "God bless tho Royal pair, Albert and Alexandra." In front of the manager's house there will also bo another. Many of tho inha- bitants have, we understand, resolved upsn illuminating their premises, but the demon- stration in this respect will not be so gene- ral as it would otherwise have been, beceusä of the many wooden buildings in Sand- ridge. The fear Of fire is entcitainod by many. The Sandridge Station of the íailway will be gay with flowers and evergreens, and there will be a floral arch spanning tho en- trance to the pier. Over the gateway of th.3 station there will bo a floral crown, and the Prince of Wales's feather, formed of NeiV Zealand gross, with the letters " A. E. & A." In other parts of the company's premisas theio will he some floral arches, and hero aud theio will be placed the arms of the Princo anl Princess, with the letters "A. E. A.," prott-dy formed of flowers, The Melbourne Station will be gaily decorated, and in a conspicuous place, facing Elizabeth-street, there will bo au illuminated crown and Prince of Wales' leather, with the lotters "A. E. & A." on cither side, and below the motto "God bless them." Long lines of flowers and evergreens will bo hung .at certain distances over the entire station, interspersed with numerous I nags of all kinds and colours. Tho diffère at engines running during the day will also be gaily decorated, When seen yesterday tha preparations at tho stations were not in a very forward state, and at both it woull ba' necessary to go on working all night to com- plete them. When completed, however, the stations wiU present a very attractive appear- ance. So great has beon the demand for flowers and branches on all sides, that the jailway people found, as doubtless many Dthers did, the greatest difficulty in obtaining anything like an adequate supply. HAWTHORN. The exterior of tho Town-hall has beon de- corated with great taBte, and in the evening it will be illuminated. Many of the inhabitants vaLso intend to illuminate the windows ¿of their houses, and three enormous bonfires are to be made in different parts of the vill 13 e It has been thought advisable that the greater portion of the festivities should take place to-morrow, when tho children will be re- galed in the Town-hall, provision will bo made for the poor of the district, a bullock will be roasted, and music, fireworks, and other amusements will add to the general en- joyment. KEW. j The inhabitants of Kew have already had a festive gathering in commemoration of the marriage of tho Prince of Wales. The muni- cipal council resolved to give tho wholo of the children in tbo village a treat, and, asitwi3 thought desirable not to have it on tho sima day that the general rejoicings wero fixed t J tako place, tho feast was prepared for hut night. The scene of the festivity was the Athenrcum, which was profusely decorate! With flowers and foliage. The neighbouring gentry gave flowers from thoir gardens, and tho Survey Paddock furnished abundance of green leaves, with which the flowers woro en- twined in wreaths and garlands, for fc'io ndornment of tho hall. At ono end of the room the Prince of Wales's plume had baea formed, on a largo scale, with white roses and other appropriate flowers, and tho motto " lok. Dion " was designed in scarlet flowers. I m wcdlately below wero the initial letters, "A E. nnd A.," in varied coloured chrysanthemum? find other flowers, and beneath this design v as a portrait of tho " happy pair," encircled with flowers and evergreens. Garlands Wore orranged round tho walls. Every child ia the village was invited to sharo ia tho feäfci t Hy, and wo need scarcely say that the in vi. tatton was joyously accepted by all who could pt tend. Of boys and girls thero were alto gtther about 800 presont. They wero rogalol with tea and coko, and after tho repast thoy were entertained with a magic lantern, aud with a number of songs, sung by Mr. Litolff Who accompanied himself on the harmonium. Fruit was distributed amongst tho juveniles during the evoning, and they appeared quita Lappy and delighted with the many good things provided for their enjoyment. After tea the parents andj friends of a numbor of tha Children were admitted, and a brief addros3 Appropriate to the occasion, was delivered by Mr. Lewis, chairman of the assembly. The festivities were brought to a olose at a season- able hour, with the National Anthem, in tho tinging of which both juveniles and adults joined with heart and soul. By having the feast last night, tho parents of thoso who may desire to tako their children to seo tho illu rui- nations in Molbourne will havo tho* oppor- tunity of doing so. It is not, howovor, in- tended that Kow shall allow to night to pass over without any demonstration, for a larg} bonfire is to bo erected on Barkor's-hill, nnd the light of It will bo visible for miles around. ELSTERNWICK AND BALACLAVA. In these pleasant little suburbs, thcrq was jestorday but little appearance of preparation for a share in tho rejoicings of to-day; and it Is not likoly that anything will bo done bal yônd, it may bo, tho decoration and illumina tion ot a few private houses. In nelthor place lias thero been a committee of management organized, and tho residents will bo left to follow tho bent of their own inclinations, un- directed. Most likely, tho greater portion of them will find their way into Mai bourne during 'the day.and evening. Tin fact, that neither suburb is very thickly populated, and. that the houses aro ia many cases considerably apart from eao1! other, has, doubtless, muob to do with th.ii apparent apathy, as compared with othsr localities mund about the city. Large quan- tities of evergreens were obtained from both places in aid of the Melbourne decorations. BRIGHTON. The committee formed in this locality ta act with tho Municipal Council have collected £80 or £90, to be expended in the celebration of the Royal wedding. It was determined to ask no aid from tho municipal funds, but to allow the promoters to defray tho expenses and to collect the necessary amount, whloh they hod no difficulty in doing. The ra joicings in this district will take a very | quiet, sober form-the residents probably con bidering that they could make no display which would he worthy of the metropolis, and the bulk of them would probably be in town in the evening. But, in order to take part ia the genoral business of tho holiday, the com- mittee havo resolved to give a troat to tin children of the schools in the neighbourhood in tho Volunteer Drill-ground, Bay-street, where a little feast and abundant sports will be provided» Before breaking up, the children will bo addressed by Mr, R. H. Budd, inspector of schools, who will present each of the children with a medal commemo. ra ti ve of the auspicious occasion. There will bo three huge bonfiros in the evening one on the rising ground in Bay-street, one 01 a slight eminence in Church street, and on j on tho beach. Fireworks and coloured fires havo also been contributed, with heaps of fliewood by various persons, as their dom tion to tho general fund. Mr. Grimby, of the Royal notel, announces a variety'of sports, with a number of prizes, for competition oa open ground near the beach. BRUNSWICK. In this district, no less than in Hotham, have tho active exertions of a committee of management been directed to insure a be- fitting and successful celebration of tho mar iiago. Brunswick-unlike the municipali- ties nearor town-is not prolific in streotî suited for a promenade, sp that the pro- cession which is to be formed by the municipal authorities, tho local magistrates, the Quarrymen's Society, the children of tha several Bchools, and the general body of tka inhabitants, after assembling at the court- house, from which to the hotel opposite a large triumphal arch has been erected, will at once proceed to the spot selected for the 'sports of tho day. Tho chosoa sito is a large area of around opposite the post-office, and, after the arrival of tho procession at this place, suitable addresses will be delivered by gontlemen of the district, and tho children will bo treated to a variety of good things. More substantial fare, ia ths shape of roast beef, bread, plum pudding, and beer,-has been amply provided for tho in- dividuals of a larger growth. Here, as well as in other districts, the inevitable ox will ba roasted whole, and the afternoon will ba taken up with old English sports, and ia a display of running and jumping exeroiso3, blind barrow racing, bobbing for treacle buns, and other quaint amusements. In the even- ing, Brunswick will havo its bonfire, several balloons will be let off, and there will bo ao end of fireworks. The Brunswickers deserve all praiso for the exertions they have mado t > secure the presence of the ladies at their demonstration, and it is to be hoped that tin musical and dancing portion of the entertain- ment will be enjoyed by a large number of the fair BOX of the locality. ESSENDON AND FLEMINGTON. The widely-scattered district of Essendon has precluded it in a great measure from making any extravagant demonstration with .regard to tho celebration of the Prince's mar- riage. Individual efforts to promote tho ob- jects of the day will bo made by many, but there has been no organized scheme put forth on behalf of the distiict. At Flemington ijiero will be a varloty of sports, and a duo »dministration of good cheer. In the even" ,ng, it will bo all a blaze with bonfires; a most enormous one has been erected in Hugh Glass's paddock, another one of less colossal dimensions will be lighted up at Kensington, and a third one opposite the Newmarket Hotel. The Hotham bonfire will also bo la close contiguity, so that altogether Fleming- ton, la this affair, will bo enabled to put la I as luminous an appearance as its neigh- bours. WILLIAMSTOWN. Although Williamstown by its comparativa icolation from Melbourne has, to a great extent, been thrown on its own resources with regard to the celebration, thero is not tho slightest doubt that these will be found equal to the emergoncy. The exubérant loyalty of the " fishing village" will fini ampio and fitting vent, and the festiva demonstration this day will ho brimful of originality and interest. During the past weak the " villagers" havo^been roused from their normal quietude and repose, and havo bestlroi themselves in making preparations. Every available rag of bunting has been ferrett) 1 out from all sorts of lockers for the decora- tion of public and privato houses. Not a " colour " is to be had for love or money, and dire has been tho discomfituro of thoso whoso forethought in the matter o' flags has not kept pace with tholr loyal but unavailing zeal to display thom. A handsome trimnphal arch has been erected at the town pior, and the local volun . teor forces will muster strongly on the occi- sión. At ten o'clock this morning the pro cession will assemble, in the Town-hall reserva. The cortege willjbo preceded by the bands of the Naval Brigade and the Volunteor Rid) Corps, and will bo formed by the Naval Brigade, tho Volunteer Artillery, tho Billa Corps, the chairman and members of th) municipal council, the local magistracy, tho various local lodges of Oddfellows and Foresters, the Bond of Hope, th) children belonging to tho various schools, and tho inhabitants generally. Two memo- rial oaks will also bo drawn on a trlumph.il car, and after the procession has paraded through the principal streets and to th) battery, from whence salvoes of artillery will bo fired, the trees will be planted at tha Town-hall, and an oration delivered by Mr. Verdon, M.L.A. for tho district. After this ceremony is over, the procession will movo oa to tho Mechanics' Instituto, where tho ontira assemblage will unite in singing tho National Anthem. . Pending tho dispensation of tha two bullocks which aro to bo roasted, an i tho unlimited bread and beer, all of which have been generously contributed, there will bo a variety of old English sports provided. In tho evening a bonfire of no small dimensions, towards which a number of condemned railway sleepers have boen furnished hy fho Government, will be lighted up; anda grand display of fireworks will bring the day's'demonstration to a closo. ~ '» THE BAY. In the bay the shipping will be dressed to tlie fullest, extent with flags of all nations. Hor Majesty's colonial steam sloop-of- war Vic- toria, Commander Norman, will fire a signal gun at eight in tho morning and dress ship ¡ a Royal salute will be fired at noon ; and at eight o'clock in the evening a discharge of lockets will take place, the ship will be illu- minated, and another Royal salute fired. A ¡-imilar courso of procedure will bo observai by His Netherlands Majesty's corvetta Djambi, Commander van Rees ; and the dent fens of Williamstown and Sandridge will ihushavea splendid opportunity of witness- ing the naval display of these two rnen-of QuEENSOtTFP.-From Queenscliff, we loan that a meeting took place at Loihy's Hotal t « Wednesday, to decide on the best mode ot" lestifying the loyalty of the inhabitants of ihe district on Tuesday noxt. Dr. Roberts ii occupied the chair. Various suggestions wera ollered, and a numerous committee appointa I to carry out such arrangements as thav tlcemed expedient, and the funds In hand ad- mitted of. During the forenoon, the volun- teers will be paraded, and lire a feu de joie. It ?wiis then agreed on all hands that the scho it children should be entertained; and, inth> evening, fireworks und bonfires were tobe thi staple amusements. If the weather pro vi lavourable, no doubt Queenscliff may, even at this season of the year, have soini ?visitors. BENDIGO-From every street iu the towu, from every quarter of the surrounding dis- tricts, do we hear of preparations being mad: for a duo celebration of to-morrow, to comma niorate the marriage -of tho Prince of Wale,. The principal obitacle in tho way appears tj le the want of materials required for the illu- minations al night, in consequence of tho gi cat scarcity of gas- pipes, fittings, devicas, nj.d mottoes, for which the call is so gre it that artificers in this description of work'tua i culising fabulous prices for their work an I lualerials. Fireworks and coloured fires ara also eagerly sought after ; banners and flags, and, in fact, every square inch of bunt- ing of any colour or description, is of great value just at present. The follow- ing programme of the chief observancaj of the day has been arranged by the com- mittee of the Municipal Council. The cali- bration of the day will communco with a prj ctfcsion of tho public bodies, different socioties, schools, &c;, to form in front of the Towa l:nll, at ten o'clock. Thence the processioa vill proceed through Hargreavesstreet anl !W i tchell-street to View-point. The processioa ?H ill halt at tho entrance of the Reserve, op j osito View-point, where two trees, dedicatoi to the Prince and Princess of Wities, will bl planted. After the chairman bus planted th J trees, he will lead the congratulatoiy address fio m the council and people of,Sandhurst t> Hur Majesty the Queen. At this stage of tin I Toccedings, the volunteer coi ps aro expected to give a feu de joie. The procession, after tin foregoing ceremony has been performed, will proceed through P.ill-Mallandup Mundy-strejt to the Back Creek Cricket-ground, where i', will disjierso, and the games and sport i (under the superintendence of a committoi appointed for that purpose), will be ctr ried on. Before the commencement of th» games, the children of the varios schools wb > have joined the procession will eaclt.be pre- sented with n medal commemorative of tha event. Messrs. M'Lachlao. M'Carthy, M'Oaus land, M'Coll, Mackay, Holmes, Thompson, and O'Kcefe, lona the Sports Committee. Th) games will comprise foot races, hurdle race), a steeple cbase with water-jump, running ia sacks, wheelbarrow racing (blindfold), puttiaj the stone, henvy hammer throwing, hunting ,i greasy- tailed pig, and many othet amusinç exhibitions. On the termination of th) spoits, the procession will reform, and return to the Town Hull, where it will separata. In the evening, a little after sunset, the larga bonfires, provided by the council, on One Tra) Hill, HtiEller's, and Monument Hills, willbi lir. and iho Town Hall illuminated. The da/ will be wound up in the Town Hall by i ball. As lar as we are ina position at i»r¡ Eoiit to state, the illuminations at Viev Point, in View Place, and nlung Pall Mall, will be veiy general ; although without doub; immy of the other shops and residences in other portions of the town will during to-dty lu- malting preparations also. The hanks A", View Point will form tho chief feature in th) illuminated picture at nicht, some of tha n having gone to considerable expense in da cor.itions. Rumours are 'also extant of i iiumber of fire balloons which will be let o f near View Point, after daik, by one of tin acfciilcnts of that quarter. We hear thiï many of the residents in the gullies purpon illuminating their houses with Chinese lam Ji. &c;, and wo havo no doubt but that the i-t joicings in tho gullies will bo as complete i i their way as the more gorgeous demonstre tiona of Sandhurst proper. EAGLEHAWK.-At the request of the chair- man of tho municipality, the local compa ty of Fencibles.will parado on thoir own groun I. In the evening, about seven, they intend t) anarch from the township by the light of liionster torches, to the Lightning-hill, thí highest point on Bendigo, where a roaring bonfire, consisting of over 200 loads of wool aided and abetted by coal tar in quautity, sk kegs of anti-friction giease, and about tvvj e'ozen cases of kerosene, will bo set blazing. The local brewers, butchers, and fakers an not behind; and a bullock, several sheep, anl l-rend, with beor galore, havo boen promise I. In the evening a ball, under the patronage of ihe/voluntcers,willbegivonottheCarnpHotel. On Saturday evening, the miners at th) Prince of Wales Reef had a littlo demonstri tion of their own, when a splendid bonfira lighted up.the surrounding country. The fira was not visible at Sandhurst, but the boom- ing, as of heavy guns, was distinctly heard here. The ordnance consisted of a numb)r of quicksilver bottlo3, full charged, with which a Royal salute was fired in fine style. MABYBOROIKIH.-On no occasion within tha history of Mary borough-not a very long ona, ceitainly, but one of gradual prosperity of a decided and satisfactory kind-has such an interest been shown as in tho proceedinri ?which have been set on foot by the municip»! authorities and inhabitants generally, to cele- brate Tuesday next as a day whereon the rein shall be " flung to fancy's winged steeds," and the Genius of innocent enjoyment shall ba triumphant in the mode of commemorating tho marriago of the Prince and Princess o Wales. On Wednesday evening, a large and influential meeting was held in the To wa- llal], at which the chairman of the munici- pality presided, and at which Mr. Warden Pasco, P.M., also attended, when a programma .v as drawn out, and most of tho details of the proceedings of Tuesday wero agreed upon. The order of the day's proceedings, then, will be thus:-The morning will be ushered in with the reveilUe and buglo call, and I elis will he rung throughout the town. The volunteers will assemble at thoir guard room at ten o'clock, and receive pre- liminary instructions from Captain Duna, assisted by Se.irgeant Bart, tho accomplished drill-instructor to the corps. At twelve o'closk the wholo of the bodies expected to take part in the demonstration will assemble in tha Market-square, where a procession will bi loi in ed, as sot forth in the advertisement pub- lished in this number, by authority. Tha procession, headed by the band, will march through tho principal streets of tho town, and proceed to Prince's-park, over the gate of which an emblematical arch will be erected. A stately Maypole will bo seen as a rallying point, and thereabouts tho volunteers will fira a feu de-joic, and " God save the Queen" will be sung. The ceremony of plnnting twj young trees, one for the brido and one for tha august bridegroom, will bo performed by Mrs. M. Macleod and the chairman of the muni- cipality, aftei which an odo will bo Bpokoa apropos to the occasion. Tho children of the various schools will bo regaled, and sports will succeed of varied character. The procession will return in the same order to tho centre of the town, where it will disperso until seven o'clock, when,aftar the piepaiatory fire of a cannon and a rookot rignal, the Aro bricade will sally forth under the command of Captain Casey, and procco 1 by tho light of numerous torches to a given roint, from whence they will illumine the way lo the hill of the bonfire, whero a grand dis- play of firoworks will tako placo, and cheers given foriho Queen and Royal couple. Tha ball at tho Golden Age Hall will be greetoi by oui'fair readers as a pleasant and proper close of a day which we sincerely hope will ba rassed in loyal and innocent jubilee. Mr. M Clarke will provide an ox to bo roasted wholo during tho day, intended to bo attacked by all cornera. Tho Odd Follows have mado CN cry arrangement, and tbo German Associa- tion aro r eager to display their sense of tha joyful union of Denmark's daughter with their cousin of England. 'In fact, everyboly seems determined that the celebration of tin Boyal marriago in Maryborough shall bo of the truo sterling quality. DAYLESFORD.-it wiu bo seon by the result of the meeting held last night that the Muni- cipality of Daylesford will not bo behind ita neighbours in doing justice to the holiday. Our townsmen have boen always ready to tako an actho part on all occasions of public rejoicing, and we may rely upon their enthu- siasm in such an interesting celebration. It is for us to show our neighbours far around the beacons of our joy from the summit of these mountain 'ranges. The committee to whoso hands the arrangements for the day's KjoiclDgs havo been confided will, we have no doubt, do ample justice. 