ARRIVAL OF THE BOMBAY WITH THE APRIL MAILS FROM EUROPE. The Peninsular add Oriental Com- pany's steamship Bombay, Capt. Meth- ven, reached the bay about half-past eleven o'clock yesterday forenoon, with the April mails from Europe, due here on the 11th instant. The detention occurred between Suez and Galle. The following is the letter of our London correspondent :— LONDON, APRIL, 27. Easter, with its Parliamentary holidays, lull in politics, party armistice, Brighton re- views, and Ministerial airings, has come and gone, but we look in vain for that revival of interest in public questions which we usually associate with this period of the session. The Parliamentary annals have hitherto been sin- gularly barren of measures of any moment, or conflicts involving any critical issues. Mr. Somes has introduced a bill for closing public houses on Sunday ; Sir S. Morton Peto's mu- tilated Burial Bill has been trampled down by the Conservative phalanxes ; the Lord Chancellor has introduced a measure, amidst a chorus of general applause, for augmenting 320 of the poorer benefices in his gift by selling the right of presentation ; Sir George Grey has brought in his threatened bill for the amalgamation of the city with the metropolitan police force, which has roused Gog and Magog from their otium cum dignitate, and provoked the defiant opposition of a very powerful vested interest ; but none of these matters enlist any warmth of feeling in the general public here, and cannot, therefore, be expected to awaken any lively interest at the antipodes. Even the Budget, which for several preced- ing years had created great excitement, has on the present occasion failed to evoke any antagonism. The fact is, the Chancellor has treated us so generously that we must be churls indeed to complain. Every interest has its sop ; every taxpayer receives some boon. We looked forward with great impa- tience and high expectations to the financial exposition of the dexterous manipulator of millions ; the sum for his disposal proved larger than was anticipated by the most san- guine, and the distribution of the surplus satisfied at once the judgement and the tastes of the country. We have been lulled into a state of delightful complacency with things in general. Even the Tory organs, usually so envious and snarling against Mr. Gladstone, are constrained to compliment him on his good luck and his good sense ; but, after praising him for the particular remissions selected, display the bad taste of reminding him that all the credit is due to the Con- servatives, who for years have urged the measures of relief which have at length been taken. The case which Mr. Gladstone had to deal with may be thus summarized :— Last year he estimated the national income from all sources at £70,790,000 ; but, in consequence of drawbacks on hops, his actual receipts fell short of that amount by £153,000. On the other hand, provision was made for spending £70,040,000, but the total really expended was £69,301,000, making a difference on the right side of the account of £1,310,000. He ex- pected to receive during the ensuing year, on the hypothesis of the existing sources of revenue remaining as they now are, £71,490,000 ; and the total estimate of ex- penditure he took at £67,749,000. This would leave a difference in his favour of £3,741,000. But to this amount it was his intention to propose certain additions in the shape of new taxes. The surplus thus accruing he will dispose of with a reserve of £531,000 which he resolutely holds in hand to meet unforeseen contingencies, by the following remissions. He propitiates the mercantile interest by sacrificing his penny stamp on small parcels imported inwards, and on bills of lading outwards, thus granting immunity from a vexatious interference with the course of trade, at the small cost of £161,000 a-year. In the next place, he deals generously with the incomes, subject to the income-tax, under £200 a-year. The tax, whatever its per centage may be, begins to take effect upon the incomes which amount to £100 a-year, and it operates, according to the exist- ing arrangement, very severely upon all in- comes ranging from £100 to £200 a-year. Mr. Gladstone proposes to retain the point at which the tax shall come into force as it now stands, but where the income falls within the two sums just named, he will allow a reduction of £60 from the taxable amount — so that a man who has an income of £160 a-year, will pay income tax upon only £90 of it. The great middle class come in for their share of the benefit, by a reduction of the tax from 9d. to 7d. in the pound ; and he gives the working classes the boon of a diminution of the tea duty, from 1s. 5d. to 1s. per lb. The remission of taxation in the present financial year will amount to £3,340,000 ; but when the scheme takes full effect, it will reach the total of £4,001,000. Such are the leading items in the Budget of 1863-64 ; but there are minor features, consist- ing of adjustments of taxation, less for the sake of revenue than of symmetry of plan. Thus, for example, Mr. Gladstone has raised the im- port duty on chicory to the same amount as that on coffee, and the excise duty upon that grown in this country to a trifle below it, which, it is believed, will check the adul- teration of coffee. Then, again, he extends the wine-licence system to clubs, thus re- moving an invidious exception in favour of the "gentlemen of England." He commutes the five per cent. paid by railways on all their traffic, with the exception of Parliamentary and excursion trains, for 3½ per cent, on the whole traffic ; without any exemption. Carriers' carts travelling less than four miles an hour are to be taxed ; and legacies and charitable endowments are henceforth to be subject to the income- tax. The most pressing question of the hour con- tinues to be, what is to be done with our unemployed operatives ? The most despair- ing views are taken as to the proximate revival of the cotton manufacture, and many of those who at one time strenu- ously opposed emigration as a measure of relief, are beginning to admit the wisdom and necessity of such a course. The number who are likely to be deported to the colonies will bear but an insignificant proportion to the vast multitude which will be still left be- hind ; and the most skilled hands, it is pointed out, are not those which are likely to be drained away. The more rough and hardy, who can be readily replaced when a return of manufacturing prosperity requires them, are the best adapted for a colonial life. These considerations are gradually re- conciling the masters to an exodus of their workpeople. There is a strong and grow- ing disposition among the operatives to emi- grate. They see that the step will be for the advantage alike of those who leave and these who remain. Emigration agents are overwhelmed with applications, and only money is required for passage money, outfit, &c.;, to transport tens of thousands to your colonies during the present summer. On the 20th inst., the Lora Mayor of London pub- licly expressed from the bench his conviction that the time had come when some other ex- pedient than the continued dependence on the public bounty ought to be tried, with a view to the permanent support of the desti- tute people, and that the most feasible and effectual remedy lay in plans of emigration, well considered and carefully carried out by practical men conversant with the labour re- quirements of each dependency, and able to form a just opinion as to the aptitude of the Lancashire cotton spinners for colonial life in its different phases. The committee, he said, over which he had the honour to pre- side, had at their meeting on Friday last set apart from the funds at their disposal a sum of £6,000 to aid and encourage emigration from the cotton-spinning districts, and his motive in calling attention to the matter was to state that should the public be of opinion that it was desirable to assist such a movement, he should be happy to receive contributions to a sepa- rate fund for the special object of assisting the unemployed mill hands to emigrate. Looking, then, to a greatly augmented influx of immigrants into the Australasian lands, it behoves the colonists to establish depôts, and make arrangements for receiving and disposing of the poor outcasts whom a terrible calamity has driven forth from tbeir sea-girt home. Pity and cherish them, and they will prove a blessing to the colonies. When the files of Australian papers were delivered about ten days ago, we were some- what startled to find them overflowing with indignant protests against the presumed in- tention of England to discharge our criminals once more upon your shores. The strange- ness was not in the outburst of colonial wrath at the proposal, but in the unexpected resur- rection of the subject at that time. The fact is, the garotters having grown more pacific, the question of transportation, consigned to the care of a Royal Commission, had dropped out of the public mind, and the sudden re- call of it to our memories was accompanied by some unpleasant sensations. The justice and force of the objections urged by the Aus- tralian press against this great wrong are frankly admitted by all the leading journals, The Times protesting only against the tyranny which would prevent Western Australia from exercising the samefreedom of action which the older and stronger colonies claim for themselves. We have lost several public men since the last mail, conspicuous among whom is Sir G. C. Lewis, the late Secretary of State for War. The suddenness of the calamity, and the severity of the loss sustained by the Ministry and the country, have produced a very painful impression. He possessed qualities and talents not easily replaced in these days. The changes in the Ad- ministration consequent on this lamentable event give great satisfaction. The vacant office will be filled by Earl de Grey, who for four years has ably discharged the duties of Under Secretary at War. He is to be succeeded by the Marquis of Hartington, who will repre- sent the War Office iu the House of Commons. The post of Junior Lord of the Admiralty has been offered to, and accepted by Mr. Stansfeld, the Radical member for Halifax, who, it will be remembered, brought forward last year a resolution on our national expen- diture. The month's beadroll of the dead comprise also the names of Lord Seaton, the Duke of Grafton, Mr. Apsley Pellatt, and Mr. Egg, the eminent painter. The eminent tragedian, Charles Kean, and his accomplished wife, are to leave for Aus- tralia by the new steamer the Great Victoria, which is to sail from Liverpool for Melbourne on the 15th of July next. It has been settled that no matter how successful their career may be in the Australian colonies, they will not remain in them longer than six months from the date of their arrival, as they are under engagements to commence in July, 1864, their farewell tour throughout the United Kingdom previous to their final re- tirement from the stage. They are to appear, for the first time, before an Australian audi- ence in Melbourne, and from thence they will proceed to Sydney. The places that they will subsequently visit are not yet decided upon, and will depend more or less upon the desire evinced in the two capitals for the re- petition of their performances. The Greek throne has, at length, it is be- lieved, found an occupant, in the person of Prince William of Denmark, brother of the Princess of Wales. Like the course of true love, the negotiations have not run smoothly. All sorts of stipulations, some of them savour- ing of very sharp practice, were for some time insisted on by Prince Christian and the Danish King ; but the expressions of disgust with which these impudent conditions were received throughout Europe, brought these hard bargain-driving Danes to their senses, and it is hoped that no impediment will now be interposed to the early coronation of the Prince, under the title of William I. The ex- pelled dynasty, of course, protests against this invasion of their rights. Several Ministerial changes in the composi- tion of the Turin Cabinet have been neces- sitated by the break-up of poor Farini, whose death is hourly expected. He has been for weeks quite an intellectual wreck. Italy has been invited to join diplomatic action with the three Powers on the Polish Question. Early in the month a Ministerial crisis was witnessed in Paris, arising from jealousies and intrigues between M. Fould and M. Magne, the present and late Ministers of Finance. The disagreement, owing to the rumours to which it gave birth, created considerable excitement on the Bourse. The crisis was terminated by the polite dismissal of M. Magne, who was consoled by the Emperor's appointing him member of the Privy Council. M. Mocquard is said to have retired from the office of Private Secretary to the Emperor. The King of Denmark has taken a decided step in the Schleswig-Holstein affair. By a proclamation dated 2nd April, Holstein is cut adrift, and offered entire liberty of action. But instead of this important concession yielding satisfaction to Germany, it has been the signal for violent demonstrations of anger and vindictiveness. Prussia is sinking weekly to lower and yet lower depths of base- ness, and the outrageous insults of its Premier to the long- suffering Chamber must ere long produce an explosion of indignation, and a rupture probably between the rulers and the ruled. In Austria there has been a Minis- terial crisis on the Hungarian question. De- cisive news from Mexico is expected in a few weeks. The Sultan has been on a visit to Egypt during the month — a step from which much good is likely to flow. The British Ambassador, however, opposed it to the last moment. GROWING IRRITATION BETWEEN THE AMERICAN FEDERALS AND ENGLAND. The feeling of exasperation throughout the Northern States towards England, on account of the continued depredations of the Alabama and other Confederate "pirates," built in our ports or purchased of British owners, has in- creased very much during the past month ; and additional bitterness has been imparted to Yankee animosity by the unceasing agi- tation of a small but fussy party of Northern sympathizers and agents in this country, whose delight it is to misrepresent and revile the Government, the press, and the public sentiment of the nation at large. This un- scrupulous anti-British clique, with Mr. Bright, Mr. Goldwin Smith, and Professor Newman, for their chief spokesmen, and the Daily News and Morning Star for their leading organs, are labouring with relentless pertina- city to commit us to a policy of Federal favou- ritism, or, failing such a consummation, to in- volve us in a war with the Northern Govern- ment. The savage howl of Yankee rage which comes across the Atlantic awakens from these worshippers of the Great Republic a perpetual whine against Southern sympa- thizers in this country. They inveigh with bitterness and bad temper against every in- stance of succour rendered to the Confede- rates, whilst they have not a word of condemna- tion for the most open and flagrant breaches of neutrality in favour of the North. Indeed, it is not an impartial and honourable neu- trality which these people want at all. Mr. Bright, in a recent Parliamentary debate, spoke out baldly and without reserve on this subject. He claimed for one of the two belli- gerents at our hands consideration and ser- vices which he would have denied to the other. A neutrality which did not obviously " aid and comfort" the Northern States he de- signated "a cold and unfriendly neutrality." Like Mrs. Stone, Mr. Bright and his friends pine for sympathy — for affectionate and hearty interest. He admitted that Mr Seward was not entitled to complain of the munitions of war supplied to the belligerents, but he thought that gentleman might have reason ably calculated on the " manifestation of a friendly feeling." Friendly feelings, however, are not to be enkindled by incessant scolding and snarling. We are not likely to be abused into loving the Federals or hating the Con- federates. Our higher instincts are not to be tius violently coerced ; nor is the nation likely to be threatened into subserviency to the clamours of an American mob. It is well known that this country swarms with Ameri- can spies, emissaries, and agents, in all profu- sions and all departments of life. They have attempted to bribe the newspaper press, and they pay handsomely for literary support. All our dockyards are infested with these vermin ; and merchants having dealings with the South, or suspected of such a crime, are under per- petual espionage. The North have persons at work to watch and outbuy the agents of the South, and to purchase, and ship as " hard- ware," any quantities of arms and munitions of war that may be required. Others are en- gaged in getting up public meetings in the large towns, and in encouraging demonstra- tions of sympathy with the North among working men ; indeed, there seems to be a fixed determination to create a new gulf be- tween the working-classes and the aristo- cracy, by petting the former and reviling the latter, and ascribing our apathy or even hos- tility towards the Federal cause to our aris tocratic antipathies to a democratic republic. The knowledge of these facts, and the con- sequent suspicion with which the fanatical pro-Northern organs are regarded, are working a lamentable amount of mischief, and alien- ating the bulk of the nation more and more from the fortunes of the arrogant Unionists. At the present moment there are several matters of dispute between the two Govern- ments and peoples, which by a little judicious nursing may easily be converted into occa- sions of a rupture, while in the immediate future we may discern quite a luxuriant crop of casus belli. If one Alabama has provoked such a storm, what sort of hurricane may we not expect should only half the forty Con- federate war-ships now building in England be suffered to leave our shores ? The Northern party in this country are moving heaven and earth, and the darker regions too, to force the Government to seize and sequestrate on suspicion these ocean hornets, and to some extent they have suc- ceeded in their agitation. One vessel has already been detained by the authorities, and another only just escaped through an amusing blunder on the part of the Federal agents. The nation is looking on, with rather ex- cited feelings, to see how all this is to termi- nate. How the ferocious South-haters wish the insular struggle to end we are left in no doubt whatever. Their leading orators have delivered themselves distinctly and unmis- takably on this point. Passing by obscurer partisans, I will refer to the recommendations seriously urged at a late public meeting at Manchester — proposals so monstrous as to call forth objurgations even from the Spectator by two learned and philosophical professors. After several sensible speeches by traders and professional men, the two "stars" of the evening, men of great academic reputa- tion — Mr. Goldwin Smith and Professor New man — rose to shed a special lustre upon the perplexing subject under discussion. The first distinguished scholar insisted that, as the crew of the Alabama were partly English, we ought to compensate the United States for all the mischief they were doing under the Confederate flag — an old idea of the American mob, adopted and endorsed by this liege subject of Queen Victoria. " On the same principle, of course," says the Spec- tator, " we must compensate the South for any mischief which may have been committed by the British subjects who have been enlisted in the Northern armies. And the tax-payers, whom these gentlemen commiserate, are likely to have, from one side and the other, a tolerable bill to pay. But we ought to be guided, says Mr. Smith, by the laws of honour and morality. Individuals, no doubt, ought to be guided by what they conscientiously believe to be the laws of honour and morality ; but who is to determine what they are for a a whole people ? The law of nations is not very well settled ; but it is a little more certain than the lofty principles which Mr. Smith would substitute for it." But if the Oxford professor is eccentric and extravagant in his notions, the proposals of Professor Newman were those of a madman. He advised every constituency to elect no representative who will not pledge himself to compensate the American ship- owners for their losses, and that Government should indemnify itself by bringing an action against the Messrs. Laird ; moreover, he even went the length of asserting that if the United States should be exasperated into commenc- ing an unjust war, there would be in every town in England men praying that their countrymen might be defeated. Such is the spirit and animus of the whole party. They are men who invariably side with the enemies of the country which shelters them, and who are always labouring to involve us in humilia- tion and shame. Their great endeavour at the present juncture is to lay us abjectly at the feet of the Northern despotism — the wor- shippers of Lincoln, the lacqueys of Seward, the fanatical adorers of the Mighty Union. May Heaven defeat their machinations ! The most exciting debate of the whole month was on the Alabama question, which took place in the House of Commons on the 27th ult., and which has furnished material for a warm controversy in the newspapers ever since. The British Government was re- proached with culpable and intentional negligence in not stopping the departure of that destructive vessel. It was charged with having been unnecessarily slow in its move- ments ; it interposed needless difficulties and delays ; it demanded more evidence time was strictly essential ; and it refused to encounter the smallest probability of risk. It had a legal right, it was admitted, to act as it did ; but it did not evince that frankness and hearti- ness which might be expected towards a power with which we are on friendly terms. The impatient partisans of the North would have cut the Gordian knot without scruple. Taking a lesson from Washington, Baltimore, and New Orleans, they would like to have seen the Government confiscate the iron-clad on the testimony of Federal spies. We are happily, not quite come to that state of things yet. Evidence must be collected and submitted to the law officers of the Crown before any step can be taken by the Government. Up to that time it had always been contended that the building and equipment of vessels like the Alabama for the Confederate Government was a violation of international law ; but, to the surprise of the Anglo-Yankees, it was shown by the Solicitor-General that the sale of contraband of war to either party in the struggle by private English citizens was no breach of the neutrality of England, nor even an offence against her municipal law. The Foreign Enlistment Act, it is said, does not touch the case in point, and our own muni- cipal law can only be put in operation on the production of evidence which it is confessedly difficult to procure. Willing to rectify the defective state of the law, Earl Russell pro- posed to Mr. Adams to bring in a bill amend- ing the provisions of the Foreign Enlistment Act, on condition that the Government in Washington would enact a precisely identical measure — a proposal which was declined. Of course, the English republicans do not acquiesce in the interpretations of Sir Roun- dell Palmer. They are far better lawyers than the Solicitor-General. And, indeed, if such be the law, then so much the worse for the law ! A furious outcry has been raised against such a method of shirking responsibility ; and Go- vernment, as if somewhat frightened by the " tall talk" both here and in America, has so far yielded to the clamour as to lay violent hands on the Alexandra in the Mersey, on the ground that the gunboat was intended for the service of the Confederates. Previous to having been boarded by the Custom-house officers, the vessel had been masted, and her spars were up. For several days after she was in custody the processes of fitting were con- tinued, and some progress was made with the fitting of her engines. On Thursday, the 9th, however, the authorities gave instructions that the work should be stopped, that the workmen should leave, and that the vessel should be given up to them. After some demur, this demand was acceded to. The builders are called upon to prove that the Alexandra is not intended for a Confederate gunboat. An inquiry also is being instituted as to the ownership and destination of two gunboats in course of construction by Messrs. Laird, of Birkenhead. I have already intimated that an iron steamer, built in the Clyde, and suspected of being intended for the Confederate service, contrived to elude the vigilance of the autho- rities and effect her departure. She was built avowedly for "the Emperor Of China,''— an extensive purchaser of warships at the pre- sent time — and was known as the Japan. On quitting her birthplace, her name was changed to the Virginia. After getting out to sea, a Channel steamer, the Alar, put on board nearly 100 tons of goods in cases, which turned out to consist of Whitworth guns, with large quantities of powder, shot, and shell. About 100 picket men were on board, but when new articles were produced, and it was proposed to fly the Confederate flag, seventeen men refused to serve, and were brought off and landed at Plymouth by the Alar. The warrant for arrest arrived a day too late, owing to imperfect information tele- graphed by the American Consul. These signs of activity on the part of Go- vernment, and the virtual repudiation of the precedent of the Alabama, have afforded immense gratification to the Federal ad- vocates, and they even condescend to compli- ment Earl Russell on his return to the paths of international amity. On the other hand, their rancour towards the Messrs. Laird knows no bounds, and their vituperation no charity. The offence of these gentlemen does not alone consist in the well-known fact that they built the terrible Alabama, and that they are be- lieved to be constructing other sea-pirates ; but Mr. Laird, senior, the member for Birken- head, committed the unpardonable sin of proclaiming in the House of Commons the enormous amount of contraband of war which has been furnished by this country to the Federal Government, and the urgent offers which he had received from the Wash- ington War Department to supply them with iron-clad steamers. He violated British neu- trality by building for the "rebels" instead of the " exterminators," and hence the mad jealousy and rage of the scrupulous guardians of English non-intervention. If these people had any sense of decency or instinct of honour, they would for evermore remain silent, after Mr. Laird's exposure of the enormous balance of advantage accruing to the Federals from the violations of a strict and technical neutrality on the part of British shipbuilders and merchants. Where the South has landed one cargo of contraband, the North has secured twenty. One belligerent has pur- chased two iron ships, while the other, having already an immense fleet, has procured muni- tions of war in unstinted quantities. In reca- pitulating some of the consignments which had been made to the Federal States, Mr. Laird stated that, from May 1, 1861, to De- cember 31, 1862, there had been exported from this kingdom to Northern ports — Muskets . . . . . . . . . 41,500 Rifles. 3 . . . . . . . . 41,000 Gun-flints. . . . . . .. 26,500 Percussion caps . .49,962,000 Swords . . . . . . . . . 2,250 And this is a very imperfect list. Many a cargo, disguised as " hardware," has been shipped to Federal ports, the contents of which would have swelled the catalogue of munitions supplied. These exports, too, are still going on. In the first three months of the present year, 28,870 gun barrels, 30,802 rifles, and 3,105,800 percussion caps were despatched from this country to the United States. Now, why is not this contraband traffic denounced? Yet not a murmur of disapproval is heard. This flagrant partiality towards our dove-like friends of the North is a venial fault, or rather a virtue, in the esti- mation of the Yankeephobists. But Mr. Laird proceeded still further to inform the House, that during the present war the Federal Government had actually proposed to obtain in this country that very assistance which the Confederate Government did obtain, and which has been made the occasion of the present hubbub. An agent of the Northern Government came over here to treat for the construction and equip- ment of vessels of war for the Federal navy. He obtained plans and estimates, with which he returned to Washington, and from that city he wrote to Mr. Laird, proposing that he should build a ship of war for the Unionists, "with guns and everything apper- taining." Shortly afterwards. Mr. Laird re- ceived another application, from the same quarter, for two iron-plated steamers ; and when he replied that he could not accept orders to be completed in so short a time, he was favoured with a communication regret- ting his decision, and trusting that he might still be induced to undertake " one or more of the gun- boats." This exposé was received with acclamations of delight by the House, and with indignation throughout the country at the hypocrisy and wrong- headedness of the clamourers against Southern succour. Of course, these frank avowals of Mr. Laird have excited unspeakable horror in certain imma- culate quarters, and all sorts of hard names are hurled at the man who dared to stand up in Parliament, and blazon forth his own disobedience. In the meanwhile, according to all ac- counts, American feeling is more exasperated against England than at any period since the Trent affair. The Daily News correspondent says :—" The feeling of irritation here about the fitting out of Confederate men-of-war in English ports continues to increase, and there is a strong movement now being made to induce Mr. Lincoln, in case any of the ' Em- peror of China's' fleet put to sea, to call an extra session of Congress, and adopt retalia- tory measures. It is said that if four or five more rovers get afloat, they will drive American ships off the sea, and place the whole carrying trade in English hands, which is probably the object at which the English shipbuilders are aiming. So it is proposed to meet this by levy- ing on all British ships entering American ports a high tonnage duty, so as to lessen in some degree the feeling of exhilaration which is now supposed to be caused in English shipping circles at the depredations of the Alabama. I am un- able at this moment to state what is the pre- cise rate proposed to be levied, but I remem- ber that under it a Cunard steamer would have from 7,000 to 8,000 dollars to pay every time she came into port." " Manhattan," writing in the middle of March, says :—" If those steamers in English ports which are built for the Southern Confederacy are all allowed to leave, and should American ships be destroyed by any of them, letters of marque and reprisal will be issued to shipowners in New York, nominally against Southern rebel vessels, but really to prey upon England's commerce wherever it can be found. This will soon bring on a war with England, and this is what the present Government want. They reason that the war will be popular, and that it will unite the North, that it will give us Canada, and save the Union." The Evening Herald says rumours are afloat that the Government at Washington con- template laying an embargo on British pro- perty and ships, as a measure of retaliation for the depredations of the Alabama. The embargo would be enforced without a declara- tion of war, and the onus of that step would thus devolve on England. Mr. Seward, it is said, will quote an English precedent, Lord Palmerston having, in 1852, blockaded the Dutch coast, and laid an embargo on Dutch shipping, without any declaration of war. Thus, the " situation " would seem to be ex- ceedingly ticklish. A great deal of bellicose electricity is disengaged, and dark banks of tempest clouds shroud the Transatlantic hori- zon. But, unfortunately, there is something worse than American bluster and bunkum. We are likely to have another Trent quarrel. The notorious Wilkes, either acting under defi- nite instructions from his own Government or yielding to his own mischief-making propen- sities, has committed another outrage on Bri- tish shipping, by seizing the steamer Peter- hoff, while on her way from Falmouth to Matamoras, a neutral port in Mexico. She appears to be one of the vessels inserted in the condemned list sent by the American am- bassador from this country to Washington, and which orders have been issued to seize at all hazards. Yet nothing whatever that is contraband has been found in her, her papers were all perfectly regular, and she carried Her Majesty's mails. The report of the case in- forms us that the Peterhoff left Falmouth in January last, with a cargo for Matamoras, and that she arrived in due course at St. Thomas's, into which port she put, for the purpose of coaling. Here she was boarded by a Federal officer, who examined her papers and passed them, declining to endorse them with the notification of his search, but allowing the vessel to proceed. During her stay, however, at St. Thomas's, Admiral Wilkes arrived in his flag-ship, and declared at once that the Peterhoff should have been seized. As soon, accordingly, as she put to sea again on her voyage he despatched the Vanderbilt, one of his squadron, in pursuit, which overhauled her, and, after some little dallying, carried her off as prize to Key West, a port of Florida, in the possession of the Federals. Now, so far as the facts in this case have transpired, this seizure is believed to be alto- gether illegal — one of the grossest breaches of international law of which even America has ever been guilty. No pretext can be pleaded for the high-handed measure. A strong re- monstrance has been addressed to the Wash- ington Government by Earl Russell, and the release of the vessel, with compensation, is demanded. It is not thought that Mr. Seward will endorse the act of his officious subordi- nate ; but whether he does or not, these in- iquities and impertinences have roused a feeling of general indignation. These suc- cessive seizures are evidently a deliberate attempt to stretch the powers of blockade. The insolent Yankees are trying it on with a view of seeing how far British forbearance and meekness will go. A great deal of natural alarm prevails among shippers, since the toleration of a power like that assumed by the United States would at once embarrass and imperil all our ocean trade. Our Govern- ment is therefore strongly urged to take up a decided attitude at once, and not permit such a precedent as that of the Peterhoff to pass unchallenged. As The Times remarks :— " There are limits to the forbearance which even a great nation can exercise towards a struggling but still petulant and presuming Government. In the case of the Peterhoff these limits have been passed, and the spirit of Commodore Wilkes's proceedings gives but too much reason to think that this violation of international law and common justice will not long stand alone. The hostility of words we may despise, and even the dis- courtesy which seems inborn in the Ame- rican nature we may pass over, how- ever irritating may be sometimes the dis- play of it. But an actual invasion of our rights it is impossible to disregard, and it is in the interest of peace that we would urge on the Federal Government a closer super- vision of its naval commander's proceedings on the West India station." The capture of the Peterhoff by Federal cruisers has been followed by the capture of the Dolphin ; and as there is no knowing where this interference is to stop, the mer- chants, charterers, and owners of the Peter- hoff and the Sea Queen, a vessel detained at Falmouth and bound for Matamoras, have had an interview with Earl Russell upon the subject. At this interview it was stated that the captain, officers, and supercargoes of the Peterhoff had been treated as criminals on board the vessel, and were not permitted to communicate with either the agents of owners or merchants, or with the British consul. The conduct of the Federal com- manders has rendered the trade between this country and Mexico impossible ; and Mr, Adams, the American minister in London, has undertaken to limit that trade to such vessels as carry his certificate that their pur- pose is lawful. A letter was shown to Earl Russell, in which Mr. Adams vouched that, "amid the multitude of fraudulent and dis- honest enterprizes from this kingdom (Great Britain) to furnish supplies to the rebels in the United States, through the pretence of a destination to some port in Mexico," it gave him "pleasure to distinguish one which has a different and a creditable purpose." The agents of this vessel are a Mr. Howell, an American contractor, and General Zir- man, of the Mexican army ; and the "creditable purpose" on which the vessel is bound is to supply munitions of war to enable the Mexicans to fight the French. Mr. Adams's letter is addressed to Admiral Dupont, commanding the Federal fleet, and it has been circulated at Lloyd's, in order to effect, at as low a rate as possible, an insurance of £110000 — £80,000 in arms and ammunition, and £30,000 on the ship and freight. The manifests, both of the Peterhoff and the Sea Queen, were offered for the closest inspection, to prove the legal nature of the voyage of both ships ; and it was urged upon the Foreign Secretary that, if a mail agent were placed on board the Sea Queen, in charge of the Post office letter-bags, his pre- sence would be a kind of official guarantee that the vessel would proceed to the port for which she was cleared. Earl Russell pro- mised to consider this suggestion. In the meantime, the Post- office authorities have shown his lordship a way out of the diffi- culty, by offering to relieve the owners of the duty of carrying the mail. So far, then, it would appear that British mer- chants are left in the lurch by their Govern- ment, and that the United States cruisers are at liberty to outrage our ships with impunity. The Sea Queen has since sailed, without mails. The case of the Dolphin is as follows :— She sailed from Liverpool on the 10th of February last, bound to Nassau, with a cargo of lawful merchandise, and duly reached St. Thomas's on the 25th of March. She sailed thence for Nassau ; but when about three miles from Calebra Island, off Porto Rico, she was fired at and stopped by the Federal ship of war Wachussetts, from which a boat- ful of armed men presently boarded ; and, notwithstanding that the legal character of her voyage was attested by her papers, which were produced, the Federal officer seized her. Our Government must do something promptly to put a stop to these outrages, if we are not to become contemptible. On Thursday last, Earl Russell explained in the Lords that the legal advisers of the Crown have given their opinion that, on a prima facie view, there were no grounds for the seizure of the Dolphin, but that there might be facts which afforded reasons for sending her before a Prize Court. The American cruiser, however, was clearly wrong in respect to an un-neutral use of a neutral port, that is, for the purpose of watching British merchant vessels ; and also in taking a part of the crew out of the Dolphin, and landing them on neutral territory. These grounds of com- plaint would be brought before the American Government by the next mail, With regard to the certificate given by Mr. Adams to a vessel about to sail for Mexico, his lord- ship said that was a very extraordinary and most unwarrantable act, and improper in a person holding a diplomatic position in this country. He should not think, however, of complaining to Mr. Adams, but should bring his conduct under the consideration of the United States Government. Mr. Roebuck called attention to the con- duct of Admiral Wilkes in the West Indian waters, of which he spoke in terms of the strongest condemnation, adding, amid "loud cheers," and cries of " oh, oh," from the peace members, that the people of England were ready for war. He spoke of Mr. Adams as exercising the functions of a " Minister of Commerce," and denounced his insolence. Lord Palmerston replied that the subject was under the consideration of the Government, The feeling of the House against Admiral Wilkes's conduct was very strong. On the following evening (24th) the state of our relations with the United States again came under the consideration of Parlia- ment. Mr. Horsfall moved for papers and cor- respondence concerning the seizure of the Alexandra at Liverpool, which act he criticized as most arbitrary. Mr. Cobden followed with a sort of amendment, " to call the attention of the House to the motives of national self- interest, and to the obligations of implied in- ternational engagements, by which the British Government is called upon for a vigilant and rigid enforcement of the Foreign Enlistment Act." Mr. Cobden was listened to with deep attention by a crowded House. But the feel- ing of the majority, as evinced in frequent cries and interruptions, was clearly against him. Mr. Horsman followed, with a strong pro-Southern speech, earning loud applause by such statements as the following —" The independence of the South is an acknowledged fact." Indeed, the House appeared in an ex- ceedingly warlike mood all through the de- bate, the importance of which was testified by the presence of both Mr. Adams and Mr. Mason in the diplomatic gallery. MILITARY AND NAVAL DEAD-LOCK IN AMERICA. The vanity of human wishes has never been more signally exemplified than during the past month. The glowing prophecies of Fe- deral success sent out by the March mail will have led the Australian people to anticipate tidings of a grand crash of the rebellion and the triumph of the Union. The so-often de- ferred decisive victory was at length to be achieved. The Northern people have been in an extraordinary state of elation ; the fore- gleams of conquest seem to have irradiated their gladslome faces. To keep them in this fool's paradise they have been regaled day by day for weeks with a series of piquant tele- grams from the Mississippi. All was going on gloriously. The masterly plans of the great Federal generals, and the subtle strategy of the admirals, were on the point of realiza- lion. On the completion of certain secret and wonderful combinations, the slave power was to be suddenly annihilated. On the faith of this proximate consummation, the price of gold went down daily, and the value of stocks rose buoyantly. But, alas ! all these magnificent promises have proved utterly false. The ex- peditions heralded with so much vain-glory and pride have most signally failed. Vicks- burg is as far from capture as ever. Charles- ton, so long threatened, has been unsuc- cessfully attacked ; Port Hudson still frowns defiance upon the Federal squadron of iron- clads ; General Banks has been repulsed, and has returned to New Orleans ; the reported successes on the Yazoo River turn out quite worthless ; indeed, all the expeditions in the bayous and rivers in the rear of Vicksburg have miscarried, and an attack of the fortress in front is considered hopeless. During the recent encounter at Port Hudson, two steam- ers, one of them the flag ship with Farragut on board, managed to run the gauntlet of the fort, while several others were disabled. The object of the admiral will be to cut off, if pos- sible, the Confederate supplies received by way of the Red River ; but it is considered quite as likely that he will be captured by the rebels. He would be a splendid prize, and his friends are in great anxiety about his safety. The attempts to divert the great Father of Waters have proved abortive ; the Mississippi refuses to accommodate itself to Federal tactics ; and it has silted up their military canal, which was to dry up the channel in front of Vicksburg, and leave it an inland town. The levees have been cut, and a dis- trict as large as Scotland is said to have been converted into a dismal swamp by the inclu- sive waters. But they have taken their revenge on the Vandals, for marsh fevers have spread to a fearful extent through the Federal hosts. Of the army of the Potomac, we hear very little. It is perfectly quiescent. Though sternly weeded by Hooker, it is said to have been brought up to 100,000 men. President Lincoln and his wife paid a visit to it lately, but owing to the mud, the general was unable to gratify them with a military review. There have been rumours that the Confederate army on the Rappahannock is preparing to fall back on Richmond, and deserters report that Richmond itself is to be abandoned. All this is probably a rebel ruse to lure the Northern warriors into a trap. In Tennessee there has been a movement. The terrible demand for forage and provisions which is now pressing on the Confederacy has led to the organization of an expedition of 20,000 or 30,000 men under Longstreet, for a journey into Kentucky. It has been found necessary to despatch a large Federal force under Burn- side to oppose this new invasion. The most satisfactory news of the month is the statement that President Lincoln, al- though strongly pressed to do so, has refused to issue letters of marque, which would un- questionably have complicated the relations, already sufficiently strained, of the Federal Government with England. But, as if scenting the battle from afar, the authorities, are anxiously putting distant points like San Francisco in a state of defence. The object is evidently to render attack on that harbour impossible ; but the enemy feared may be France, which has a squadron in the Pacific as well as England. The rocky islet in the port is being covered with batteries, and the adjutant-general of the state has called for 10,000 militia, in addition to the small force of regulars always posted in California. Ac- cording to The Times' San Francisco corre- spondent, the animosity towards England in that city is very bitter. Why, It would puzzle the haters to explain. This demoniacal pas- sion blazes up everywhere, and on all occa- sions. The infamous Butler has recently been feted and feasted at New York ; and, in order to do something specially gratifying to his audience, he poured out a fiery torrent of reviling against England. After advocating the extermination of the Southern rebels, the confiscation of the estates of the planters, and their partition among the soldiers of the Union, he touched vindictively upon the Trent affair. He said that at the time of that dispute it was perhaps wise not to provoke England, but he thanked God (the blasphemer !) that the country was now getting into a condition to remem- ber that case. He advised retaliation for the depredations of the Alabama and the Florida, and recommended that non- inter- course with England be proclaimed, so that not an ounce of food from America should get into an Englishman's mouth until those piracies were stopped. He also advocated the prohibition of the export of gold to England. These fiendish counsels were received with the wavings of innumerable handkerchiefs and vehement storms of applause. There is no mistaking the temper of this people. Mr. Lincoln has issued a proclamation ap- pointing a day of national fasting, humiliation, and prayer. It is verily needed ; but who can doubt but the observance will be a fresh insult to offended Heaven ? It reminds one of the old heathen seeking by their cries to render their angry deity propitious. But in spite of the discouraging aspect of military affairs, the Union sentiment is more dominant than over. "Union Leagues" are rapidly spreading in all the Northern States, the main objects of which appear to be to neu- tralize the influence of the Democrats, and to re-unite the Republicans on a basis that shall exclude the slavery question from the " plat- form" of the party. In the meantime, the democratic agitation is dying out, and the Republicans are in the ascendant. Some im- portant elections have come off in New Hamp- shire and in Connecticut, which have excited a great deal of interest, and they have all re- sulted in a decided Republican triumph. The Administration brought all its influence to bear on the struggle ; greenbacks were freely dispersed : and republican soldiers were al- lowed furlough to vote for the Government candidates. These victories are interpreted as a strong reaction against the principles of the party which is tired of the war, and sighs for peace. As another sign of the times, the committee appointed to investigate the conduct of the war has reported adversely to General M'Clellan, charging upon him all the disasters of the army of the Potomac. It is a deliberate attempt to ruin the reputation of the fallen general. The House of Representatives in New Jersey has adopted, by thirty-eight to thirteen, reso- lutions protesting against the policy of the Republican party. The majority protest against war for "unconstitutional" purposes, and against the reduction of any state into a territory ; against the domination of the mili- tary over civil authority ; arrests ; the Presi- dent's proclamation ; emancipation by pur- chase ; and, any exercise of power not clearly expressed in the Constitution. These reso- lutions are held in Europe to point to peace, but in America, to continued war under de- mocratic auspices. Not the least interesting item of the recent American news is the contradiction of un- favourable rumours as to the behaviour of the negro troops in Florida. Those under Colonel Higginson, who were said to have been cut off, have, it appears, penetrated into the heart of that state, captured the town of Jacksonville, repulsed two considerable bodies of the enemy, and exhibited in their occupa- tion of the place an amount of order, a respect for the property and persons of the inhabitants, which have astonished every- body. "It is my belief," says Brigadier Sax- ton, " that scarcely an incident in this war has caused a greater panic throughout the whole Southern coast than this raid of coloured troops in Florida." This event is the more important as there are already from 20,000 to 30,000 negroes in arms to fight for their freedom, and their gallant bearing is fast wearing away the popular prejudice against their employment. The New York correspondent of the Daily News, writing on the 28th ult., says the confi- dence amongst business men is hugely based upon the evident rapid exhaustion of the Confederate resources ; their finances have totally collapsed, and the Government seems to rely almost entirely upon seizures, in order to keep the army supplied. There are various indications that the Confederate army is falling back from the Rappahannock, as well as that Richmond, too, will be shortly evacuated, and the seat of Government is moved to Montgomery, Alabama. Their dimi- nished resources of every kind, in men as well as in food and material, seem to render another contraction of the lines necessary. How long they will hold out after being shut up in the cotton States, time will tell. At all events there never was a more unanimous determination at the North than at this mo- ment to press them vigorously to the last ex- tremity. The New York letter of the 27th, in The Times, on the other hand, says that the general confidence is founded upon nothing except the hope that famine will complete the work which the fleets and armies of the North have been unable to accomplish, and upon the calculation that not even a victory by land or sea is necessary to give the rebellion the coup de grace. The Government may possibly be in possession of information which tends to support this san- guine feeling of the immediate future, but nothing is known to the public that justifies it. The Confederate newspapers speak of scarcity at Richmond, Mobile, and Charleston, but not of famine. They betray no despon- dency, and are in all respects defiant and as confident as ever, while the movements of the Southern armies in Kentucky and Tennessee show a vigour and activity that are far more suggestive of approaching victory than of defeat. There are many symptoms that a military dictatorship is not so remote a contingency as the easy public suppose. In whatever way the war may terminate, the Federal Govern- ment will be compelled to maintain a large standing army ; and one of the very worst of the many ugly features in the present aspect of affairs in the North is the discussion of political affairs by the soldiery, not in their tents, but by organized assemblages and deli- berate speech- making, intended either to control or to support the Government ; and worse even than these meetings, is the public approbation with which they are received. The Tribune recently devoted a whole page to reports of military meetings. There can be little doubt these meetings have been in- stigated by the Government ; but to teach an army to think en masse is treason to liberty. Mr. Lincoln has issued a proclamation notifying that deserters — whose number, by the way is variously estimated at from 130,000 to 150,000 — who returned to their duty by the 1st of April would incur no penalty except the for- feiture of their pay and allowances up to that date; while those who did not would incur the penalty of death. This warning had not the desired effect, and the President is advised to give it force by shooting a dozen or two de- serters in each state. ATTACK ON CHARLESTON. At last Charleston has been attacked. At two o'clock on the afternoon of the 7th inst., nine Federal Monitors opened fire on Fort Sumter, at a distance of 3,000 yards ; but at four o'clock the ironsides withdrew, leaving the Keokuk, one of their number, sunk on the beach of Morris Island. It appears that the reception they got from the batteries and the Confederate iron-clads, which took up their position between the forts, was so satisfactory, that they have since shown no disposition to renew the conflict, but have anchored outside Charleston bar. The Federal land forces were not, it is said, to co-operate in the attack till after the effect of the bombardment of the fleet was known. The Confederates admit a loss of one man killed and five wounded. By dates down to the 16th inst., we have this morning (27th) fuller details, with the Northern account, of the attack on Charles- ton. It was a much more serious affair, and the defeat of the Federals more complete, than represented in the Southern accounts. The obstructions between the various forts barring the entrance to the harbour were impassable by the Federal iron-clads, which, after an en- gagement of three hours, retreated, five out of the nine damaged, the Keokuk so seriously that, as before stated, she sank the next morn- ing. The report brought by the Nova Scotian of a simultaneous land battle was incorrect, as no land force co-operated in the attack, General Hunter having only 7,000 men to spare, and these did not got within twelve miles of Charleston. The result of all was that the Federal commanders decided that it was useless to renew the attack, and both fleet and army have returned to Port Royal. The victory of the Confederates is as signal as im- portant, and Charleston is safe. The defeat of the Federals before Vicksburg is likely to be as disastrous as that at Charleston, General Grant has withdrawn his forces, the Yazoo expeditions are all abandoned, and though Admiral Farragut was blockading the Red River, and intercepting the Confederate sup- plies, he was in a fix between two batteries, and unable to pass either of them. General Foster was still cooped up in Washington. The Confederates in the neighbourhood are said to be 27,000 strong, and were meditating on attack on Newbern. In Tennessee, the ever active Van Dorn had made an attack on Franklin ; but, according to the Northern accounts, was repulsed with some loss. Discomfited at Charleston and Vicks- burg, the Federals, it is said, contem- plate sending Admiral Dupont's iron-clad fleet and General Grant's army to assist General Rosencranz in overpowering the enemy in Tennessee, and it is likely that we shall shortly hear of an important battle in that state. If, as is probable, the Confederates should again defeat their rancorous enemies, it will surely be time for the European powers to consider the necessity and justice of recog- izing a people who have so gallantly and conclusively asserted their right to indepen- dence. The animosity against England in New York was increasing, and threats of war against her freely indulged in. The World says it is confident the Washington Govern- ment does not really mean war with England, but is merely indulging in bullying — a dange- rous game which may pass beyond control. There have been serious riots in New York between the white and black labourers. On the 16th gold was fifty-three and a half per cent. premium. THE POLISH REVOLUTION. The capture of Langiewicz, and the failure of the late Dictatorship, have proved by no means the serious blow which was anticipated. The Times displayed an unusual want of sagacity when, on receipt of the disastrous intelligence of the Dictator's flight across the Austrian frontier, it pronounced the insur- rection at an end. Unlike Garibaldi, in re- lation to the Italian patriotic struggle, Lan giewicz was not in himself the central spirit or guiding power of the movement. He was but one among many brave leaders, and when the little army he so nobly led was defeated there were still hundreds of insurgent bands in arms throughout the country. A tem- porary panic was excited for a few days, but the ultimate result of the defeat and disper- sion is deemed beneficial to the Polish cause. The fact is, Langiewicz, ambitious probably of emulating the exploits of other distin- guished patriot heroes, had committed a serious tactical blunder. Disregarding the plan arranged at the commencement of the revolt, of harassing the Russians without con- fronting them in the open field, he strove to collect and organize an army. The results were what might have been expected. Provisions grew scarce in camp, and as soon as a powerful Russian column reached the ground the irre- gular army broke in pieces. The lesson has not been lost upon the insurgent leaders. All massing of patriots has been avoided, and a system of universal guerilla warfare is being carried out. From what has transpired subsequent to the defeat of Langiewicz, it is to be feared that there are elements at work which may prove far more disastrous to the Polish cause tian the bayonets of the Muscovite hordes. It is but too evident that tbe spirit of faction has again broken out among the leaders, and that the wise counsellings of the moderate Zamoyski have been set at nought. Shortly after the flight of Langiewicz, a letter was published in the Paris papers by Miero- slawski, denouncing the fallen leader as a usurper, and stating that the Dictatorship had previously been conferred upon him by the Central Committee. The whole affair is still enveloped in mystery, but it is generally be- lieved that the intrigues of Mieroslawaki had something to do with Langiewicz's sudden re- solution to quit his camp, and his betrayal to the Austrian officials is ascribed to an emissary of his rival who dogged his steps. Mieroslawski is exceedingly unpopular among the patriots; and owing to his identification with the ex treme revolutionary party, it will be a sign of ill-omen to the country should he ever ac- quire a position of commanding influence. The insurrectionary movements are now under the supreme control of the Central Warsaw Committee which, strangely enough, continues its sittings and issues its instruc- tions, under the very nose of the Russian tyrants, undetected and undisturbed. After a detention for about a fortnight at Cracow, the ex-Dictator was conveyed to Tischnowitz, a rustic place twenty miles from Brunn, the capital of Moravia. His de- parture from Cracow was quietly effected, and as far as Odenborg, it was not known to any of the passengers that the hero of so many fights was travelling with them towards a distant and solitary exile ; but on the train reaching the bitter place, the ex-Dictator was astonished to find a large concourse of people at the station greeting him with Czechian cheers, and thundering their Slava cries long after the last puffs of smoke had disappeared on the horizon. The same ova- tion was repeated at every successive ter- minus. He is out on parole. The female aide-de-camp of Langiewicz, who accom- j panied him in his retreat, has been liberated by the Austrian Government. This spirited Amazon, Mademoiselle Pustovoydova by name, is a Russian subject, and daughter of a colonel in the army of thfe Gear.' This 'is not the fi ret time this heroine has been de-, prived of her liberty. When'she was quite a child Bhe was Bhut up in artonvont, for utter- ing some sentiments opposed to the principles of government adopted in Holy Russia Two" years ago she was again arrested for similar ".contumacy,.but succeeded in effecting her escape, after .a year's incarceration ; and on the outbreak of tho Polish insurrection she .»Jtpok the earliest opportunity-of placing her ¿, military unel equestrian talents at the service ^-"of the Dictator. Though only eighteen; she ¿ ¡is bold and daring. She has hod three horses . 'killéd.undei her; sho led a charge of scythe .jnen at Grochow.iska, and has often rallied a « .broken regiment. , '" J-Recent-letters from'Cracow havo done i ;8omethiug towarda clearing up the mystery ,of Langiewicz's disappearance. Ou the night ' "ibefore he left tho camp his army was without Itiood, having lost tho sixteen or seventeen Ticommissariat carriages with provisions and ' ¿'forage during tho confusion of the preceding 77day. Their ammunition was exhausted ,'there,being au average of only one cartridge to' three men. A single cart-load of .powder And lead was in the camp, but tUoro was no *iimo or possibility of making cartridges then, y Of the events that followed, the special cos J respondent of the Haily News at Cracow gives "'the following statement, gathered from "a a chief actor" in all the proceedings:-"Under ¿.these circumstances, at two in the morning t Xangiewicz called a council of war, at which ., Bentkowski, chiof of the staff ¡ Borzystawski 'r(who made the Italian campaign with Lan ?;glewlcz and is colonol in tho Piedmontese scrj 1 vice), Ulatowski, Jeziorauaki, and Schmick. ; «wäki, assisted. Here Langiewicz yielded to the "?voice of the majority, who en treated him not to £letthe nationalcausesufferby tbeDiotatorfall Ving into the uanda of the enemy, which must inevitably have bren the caw hnd-he re " teamed, and divided his army into three parts, giving the commands respectively to 'Schmickowski, Czakowski, and Chapski. The ïtwo latter had npt yet como into camp from f-Xirochowiska ; but Langiewicz was confident 5 of their return. Bentkowski was firm in his opposition, and voted for remaining to die, i Bince to advance was impossible, without ) ammunition and without provisions. The Voice of tho majority, however, carried \St ; and at four o'clock Langiewicz and 'ibis staff left .tho camp, escorted by twenty horsemen. Uniting near Wrzlica, -where they crossed the Nida, for refreshments, 'they wero overtaken by a message from ¿JSckmickowski that tho troops had broken " out into mutiny, and refused to advanre in ^.¿he diffeient directions which had been jpointed out to thom. Czakowski alone sue -ceeded ia persuading his men to follow him ; to tho mountains of St. Croix, in the direction rOf Canow. Chapski nover returned to the -camp, but riding from the woods of Grocho jwiska, made for Galicia, and reached Cracow /twenty four hours before any one else. There 'seems no doubt ho was won over by Mieros ?lawskl, whoso cumitj; to Langiewicz is noto- rious. Schmickowski, with the rest of his r/troops, then followed to Wizlica, and there .-the remaius Of Langiewioz's army went ^asunder, and crossed the frontier Into Galicia. Langiewicz himself, under the assumed name Of Wallgoroki, determined to pass through .Galicia Unobserved, wait for freslr instruc [ tions from Warsaw, aud take the field again " as sbon as possible. These plans were f rus ' trated by the betrayal of his identity to the 'Austrian authorities." It appears that, in | order to carry out his plans, Langiowicz had 'horses waiting for him at Taruow, and relays at all the stations on the road from Tarnow to "Janow, in the Lublin country. It is now .generally admitted that Langiewioz's camp 'waa much infested by spies, and that his halt .ing-place for the night, the direction taken in commencing a march, &c;, wero alwa>s 'mado known by means of shots, fired 'off as if by accident. A spy who .. »followed the army at a distanco of some *few hundred yards understood the signals * ;and transmitted the news to tho Russian .camp. M. Bjntkowski, luto chief of Langie ' wicz's staff, and a member of tho Prussian Par- liament, was arrested at Cracow on the 9th -,'inst., anel is confined in the castle. Ho was ^for some time au officer in the Prussian Ar- tillery, which he left in 1818, to join tho Hun 'garianinsurrection. Hence the special ani 'moslty of Austria towards him. Cracow is ?overcrowded with strange visitors. Ifc has .beComo the rendezvous, the rallying place, "and tho asylum of insurgents ; whilo tourists, ; special correspondent«, arid the curious of all 'European nations, throng to that frontier "city, and make perilous excursions to the .scenes of the recent battles across the border- line. Of late, however, residence there has Become rather dangerous, for the Austrian ^^authorities havo taken to tho making of ?%rholesalo arrests, both by night and by day. '¡Mo3t of these outrages on personal freedom .are sard to be the result of denunciations from the Russian ambassador at Vienna, based 'on the reports of Russian spies resident at .Cracow. The greater portion of the troops formerly under Langiewicz are now once more in the field. The two detachments which left the bulk of the army before Langiewioz's de- parture have maintained thoir ground over since ; and several fresh bodies, of from 160 to '250 men each, have crossed the Galician 'frontier in Congress Polaud during tho last few weeks. All the tidings from abroad point to a pro- longation of tho struggle. Each of tho belli gerents is assuming a more determined and despérate attitude. Tho revolt is daily ac quirlng more formidable proportions. It now extends through tho whole breadth of Poland, north and south. It encircles Warsaw, the seat and centre of the Russian Government, and stretches along the frontier of Prussian Poland northward into Courland and the Polish portion of Livonia, thus reaching tho coast of the Baltic and the shore of the Gulf of Riga. In Lithuania, in tho north, which since 1830 has been incorporated with Russia, the peasants are rising en masse with tho other classes, including the nobles and tho traders, and one of the most ominous items of news from this district is, that the pea- sants had been burning the Russo Greek churches in various directions. This indi- cates the advent of a religious war—the most fierce and relentless of all wars. Now insur gent bands are continually springing into existence; from encounters are daily reported from some quarter or other of the vast field of operations, and which generally terminate in favour of the patriots. The sad stories of Russian barbarities continue to be told ; but in spite of all adverse powers, the insurrection is gaining for itself a prestige which cannot be long despised by the European states. The Revolutionary Committee has divided Poland into twenty-three districts, each of which is to furnish 400 men and to pay taxes ; and branches of the Central Committee are to be established in each district for tho purpose of collecting taxes, raising recruits, and adminis- tering the penai law. Several important towns have fallen into the possession of the insurgents. Lapinski, who held a command in Circassia from 1855 to 1858, has landed in Courland. His band is said to be well composed, and officered by men who have served with distinction in various Euro- pean armies, including one who has just quitted the English service for tho sole purpose of assisting the Poles. Tho no bility of this province are said to re- tain their old sympathy for Poland, and, it is expected that in Courland and in Samo gltia, the insurrection will be quite as for- midable as in Poland proper. A startling movement in the south-east is said to be in contemplation in Kieff and Podolla. When this takes place, tho neighbourhood of Galicia must be denuded of troops to meet the more pressing danger. .Excepting in Austrian and Prussian Poland, the insurrection is universal. It is the highest policy to keep those portions of tho common nationality .tranquil, so as to give no pretext for the military intervention of tho Governments of Vienna and Berlin. Both these districts furnish valuable recruits to tho insurgent bands, and from tho Duchy of Posen they carry all the military aptitude that can be imparted by the Prussian drill sergeants. Many men who have served their term in the Prussian army, and now belong to tho Landwehr, are fighting with good-will against the Russians. Until lately, a large supply of arms and ammunition was smuggled across the Galician frontier, cases of rifles being, allowed to pass unohallenged as " Romish wax candles.'! Moro striugent rogu lations are now enforced by the Custom-house officials, -, ' . The Insurrectionary Polish Committee of Paris are endeavouring to contract a loan of £400,000. The emigrants in the French capi tal have supplied considerable sums, but they are' insufficient, and large purchases of arms áre required. A good many non-commis sioned French officer--, whoso term bf service has, expired, are leaving France, in.order to 'organize the insurgent forces in Poland. The leaders of tho movement will, it is declared, continue the war until they force Europe to assist them. ' ' ' .«'" Towards tho closo of March, a Polish expé- dition', ,consisting of 190 men, sailed from . Southampton, which was intended to operate on the coast of the Baltic, under Colonel Lapinski. On arriving at Helsingborg, they learnt that a Russian cruiser had followed them to the North, and that other vessels of war were on the look-out for them in the Baltic. -Under these.circumstances,'tho Poles became excited, and gave expression to their determination to blow the steamer up rather than see hn fall into the hands, of the Rus- sians. This waa anything but a pleasant prc .dicameut for-tho captain and tho crew of tho Ward Jackson, and as the captain ex- hibited some indecisicD,- his onduct was set down to poltroonery. When he reached Copenhagen, he consulted with the agent of the-Hartlepool- Steam-Navigation Company, to whom the vessel belonged, ond.-backed - by that gentleman, refused to proceed aby-fur- ther, or to fulfil his contract. The legion demanded to be conveyed at least to the neighbouring Swedish port of Mai mo, but the captain refused to go thither. The English ambassalor was appealed to, but-he could afford nothing moro efficient than sympathy. They then engaged another captain-and-orew, who took the steamer on to Malino, where she was confiscated by the Swedish. Gjveru ment; merely, it is believed, to prevent-her seizure by the Russians.! The Poles received permission to remain in Sweden. Some of them have since returned in disgust to Eng- land) while others will probably find -oppor- tunities of landing in Courland, and join their compatriots. The inhabitants of Malmo Rave the expedition an enthusiastic reception. The Swedes go heart aud soul with tho Poles in their struggles for Independence; and their noisy demonstrations of sympathy on several occasions havo given deep offence at St. Peters- burg. In political circles, a diplomatic rup-1 ture is spoken of as imminent, and the recent determination of Russia to placoCronstadt in a Btateof defenco is regarded as having refer- ence to tho eventualities of a war between Sweden and Russia. ' The Czar and his'councillors seem at length to bo fully awake to the danaers that threaten the empire. They have .evidently mado up their minda that a peaceful solution of the present difficulty is quite out of the question, and that thero is no alternativo but either to crush Poland or ontiroly give it up, and with it most of their Influence and territory in Europe. The whole Russian anny has accord- ingly been placed on a war footing, and troops are oeiug hurried from all parts ot the cmnire towards the scene of insurrectionary conflict. The announcement of this measure, though explained to bo ono purely of a precautionary character, has given, rise to some uneasiness abroad. The cntiro effective array of Russia, with the exception of the 6th corps, and part of the öth, has been engaged with the insurgents in Poland since the be- ginning of the struggle ; and oven the reserves, consisting of the corps of Grenadiers, the second division of the Guard, and a portion of the cavalry of the Guard, which were not used for tho Hungarian war, nor oven the Crimean war till towards its close, nro now on the theatre of the insurrection. The only remaining ti oops are the 1st divisipuof Guards in St. Peteisburg, and tbe fith corpB of Infantry spread over tho rest of Russia; and theso, it is stated, will Boon be busily engaged in suppressing a rising in tho Russian provinces, which appears to-be immi- nent. The gravity of the si tuation lies ch ¡elly in tho demoralization of the Russian soldiery, and now that they have beeu compelled to adopt the guerilla tactics of their opponents, tho disorganization of the treiops will be rapidly aggravated. The Muscovite Boltlier docs not make a good guerilla combatant. Steady and unflinching in' thu ranks by reason of his stolid adherence to rou- tine, ho loses his head directly he is separated from his comrades, and forced to rely on his own exertions. Even when closely serried in tho ranks and impenetrable as a wall to all ordinary attacks, ho was found to shrink and fly before tbat terrible weapon, the scythe ; and now, in' loose skirmishing ordor, with his comrades at u distance and his officer perhaps out of sight, .all incentives to hold his ground'are absent, and ho is thrown back on the brute instinct of self-preservation. This ia Btrikingly con firmed by the fact, that ewr since tho Rus- sians have adopted this new mode of warfare, they have scarcely gained a singlo victory, and in many instances have been ignomini-1 ously put to flight. It is reported on all hides that the troops aro losing all discipline ; the privates distrust their own ofltcew, and often refuse to obey them ; while the Arch-! duke, it ia said, frequently forwatds instruo-j tions direofr to the non-commissioned, who, ate not demoralized by liberal sentiments. The most fiendish cruelties continue to be reported ; wholesale massacres of females, the aged, anil young children, still reflect infamy on the Russian authorities, who take no steps to stop such ntiocities ; and, whilst the Rus- sians captured by tho Polo3 are released on parole, the poor Poles who fall Into the hands ot their vindictive oppressors are in- variably put to death-often with horrible indignities and tortures. Baffled aud weat ied by the insurgents, the Russian troops behave like hordes of savages- burning down whole villages, and pillaging and murdering the population. Mr. Finkonstein, the British subject who WUB SO nearly slaughtered five weeks ago by a body of Russian soldiers, has returned to England, maimed for lifo, and full details of the iiend-liko onslaught have been published in the newspapers. His escape from death, after receiving twenty bayonet wounds, and crushing blows ou the hoad with the butt-ends of muskets, and lying for hours bleeding and naked in tlie snow, was almost miraculous. Demands for reparation have been made to the masters of the bloody brutes by Earl Russell. The Cxai publishes a proclamation of a veiy incendiary and sanguinary character, as re- ported to bavo beon issued by the Russians, and to he in course of distribution by them among the peasants, in order to excito the lattor against the insurgents. This incitement to wholesale extermination is ascribed by Bomo to the red-handed General Berg, who has arrived at Warsaw as military commandant. The Archduke Constantine and the traitoious Wielopolski still remain at their posts. Two decrees, utteily incompatible with each other, have oro ana ted from the Russian Government during the past month. Poland has beon st'ciuestrated. and a formal amnesty has been issued to tho rebels. By the first manifesto, dated April 3, the Emperor orders that all the property, real and movable, of all persons accused of complicity in Polish disorders shall bo sequestrated. Tho owner is to be driven off his land, but '" it the members of his family have not participated in the disorders, and, not possessing separate pro- perty, want the means of subsistence, the local superior authority may give them for their support a portion of tho net revenue re- maining after all the payments nnd expenses authorized by this regulation have been met." The families' innocence being admitted, they aro not to die of starvation-a rare exam pie of clemency. But even should the ptoprietor clear himself, all the exponaos, calculated by the greedy tools of the spoiler, aro to be de- ducted from the receipts. Ten days later, with the viow of check- mating the European courts, who, it was well known, wero about to address to it re- monstrances relative to the brutal troatment of tbo Poles, the Russian Government launched au amnesty, full of fino professions and hollow mockeries. A full and complete Îtardón was to be extended to all who should ay down their arms before tho 13th of May, excepting désertera from tho Russian army. Tho edict of proscription and confiscation, howover, is not recalled ; "no guarantees are givon; and the Emperor expressly declares that he adheres to the "bases ho has laid down in the institutions he has accorded to tho kingdom"-bases under whioh Wielopol- ski seized every medical student in War- saw for service in tho Caucasus. Tho real meaning of the delusive document ,is, that the Autocrat will pat don all whom ho pleases, and will give to Poland such administrativo institutions as, in his own paternal wisdom, ho may see fit. It is a remarkable specimen of varnished despotism. The universal impression is that its object is, not to conciliate the Polea, who are not such fools na to be caught by such Imperial chafl, but to baffle tho action of the Western powers. It can be pointed to us nn answer to all insinu- ations against Russian justice, and as a proof of her gcnoiosity towards rebels. Tho Poles, of course, having BO many reasons for Erofound distrust of tho Rust-ian Government, avo rejected the proffered amnesty with scorn and contempt, and havo thrown themselves with augmented energy and decision into the struggle, naving refused the olive-branch, they know that there is nothing for thom now but to fight it out to tho fatal or glorious end. Tho patriotsarc abundantly sustained in their resolution by the public opinion of Europe, and tho dissatisfaction of the Eoglish and French Governments. Notwithstanding tho lukownrmness of tho Emperor Napoleon, and the reluctance of the British Cabinet to tako any step which may precipitate a European war, it is believed that neither dato stand by aud seo n gallant and noble nation slaughtered, by Cossaoks. Tho two nations, sympathizing EO deeply as they do,,witth tho Poles, will not.8uiier.it The"idonhcal" notes,of the three, Govcrn nientp, the preparation of which I annouueed by telegram on tho 3rd inst., wero sent simul- taneously from London, Paris, and Vienna, A 'i. on tho evening of the 10th. Thoy aro couched in friendly terms, but exhort the Czar " to .take the initiativo in the measures calculated definitely to put an end to the'periodical ?th-ftigaso disquieting-for Europe and »0»dis natrons for Russia." Meanwhile, the Piùislau, jackal is carrying out to tho full' 'tht?cbnvèr¥ tion alleged to ba suspended, furnishing Quamera on the Vistula to Russia, confiscating ' lint sont from Europe for the wounded .P«>lVs, and keeping on the frontier- flying columns, who aro constautly scouring the country in Its vicinityi-iu-search of former or would-be insurgents. arms,mid ammunition. Theejori duct of Prussia-'ii a disgrace to the age. Austria, too, In her fritht.-is acting with in cren-'ing Goveiity towaids the insurgents. _, During tbô past week a very uneasy feeling has pervaded the'principal continental muney maikotUf owing to fears of serious complica tiona arising out of tho Polish question... All Europo is looking feverishly to Palis,- and watching the signs of the Imperial purposo. Tho air is full of disquieting rumours. The official 'press given uncertain, contradictory sounds. Woila some of the papers 'advert with significant approbation to tho warlike preparations of Sweden, others are allowed to stimulate public feeling against the oppressor of Poland. Tho Emperor, it is said, spends hours in close study of the maps of Prussia, Poland, and Russia, just as he made; the LombirJo- Venetian territory and rivers the objects, of his scrutiny during the period bettween the secret convention of Plom .bi¿reá and tho declaration of war with Austria. Tho Poles seem' all but certain of assistance frwra France, and of a speedy rupture with Russia. Much will depend, of course, upon the character of thö reply which the Government of St, Petersburg ahull return to the notes of tho power». Their presenta- tion is stated tohavo produceel aprofound sen- sation at -the Uu-siau court. Au alliance1, offonbive and defensive, is said ro have bren concluded between France and Swedou. La France remarked a few days ago;-"The Swedish Government is hastetiitig'the execu- tion of the works for the reorganization of the fleet and for maritime, defc'iices. It is said that tho Government is actively' engaged in fortifying1 Carlscrona, the moot important maritime port Of Sweden, and that the harbour will bo rondered ca- pable of affording shelter, not only to the Swedish fleet, but also to the squadrons of thoso powers whow interest it might be to station a naval foico in those waters. Their squadrons will find accommodation for re- pairing and provisioning. Orders have boeu given for the immediate iron-plating of four vessels of war and three frigates." 'tb&l;'ayi also states that Sweden is actively engaged with armaments. >'.'" A communication from S lockholm, says: " Princo Constantine Czartoryskt cintinues to be the ebjecthereot the popular ovationswhioh greeted bim on lils first am val. He every day receives i n v i tu tions to dine with the headsof ou r principal families, ne is also received with great consideration at tho palace, and hasalrendy on two occasions been the guest of King Charles XV. A few days sincd Prince Oncar, the King's brother and heir presumptive to the throne, gave a grand dinner in honour of tho Polish prince, to which a certain number, of tho most influential nobles and-members of tho Legislative Chamber were i invited.' It is bcarcely necessary to say that on this oc- casion toasts in favour of the success of the Polish causn wero drunk with tho utmost en-' thusiasm. Prince Czartoryski, in cqiibequenco of an invitation addressed to him by the students of the University of Up^al, intends to go thero Rhortly, where, from the prepara- tions to receive him, he will undoubtedly be tho object ot a great popular demonstra- tion." I ENGLISH MONETARY .'AND QOM MERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. ' (FROM OÜB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) ? ,__.' LONDON, ArniL 27. On Thursday last, tho directors of tbo Bank of England reduced'their minimum rate of discount from four to three anl-a half per cent. The steri had been anticipated for a week or two, and consequently ej-oicised no appreciable effect upon the stock markets.' A transient result was to increase the applica- tions for money at the bank, many regular customers having deferretl seeking accommo- dation until tho change had 'been made : but in the open market there was no alteration.; Oa Friday and Saturday the rates tcneled' downwards, and first-class paper has beon dono exceptionally aa low as two aud seveñ eightha pet cent. The annexed quotations howevor, are those generally current : Thirty to sixty days' ... 3 to 3} por'cent. Tbreo monthh' . 3} do. Four months' .^ 3í do. Six months'-Bank bills... 35 do.- I Six months'-Trade bills 4 'do. t On the Stock Exchange, loanable capital is in, abundant supply, and may be obtained at one and a half per cent. ' The last Bank return is eminently satis- factory. The bullion amounts to £15,387,151 j tho private securities have undergone a large diminution, and the Bank has been greatly in- creasing its holding of Government securities. Above half a million sterling is known to be on its way from Australia, a large portion of which will probably go into the B.ink. In the midst of this plethora, however, the utmost unccitainty prevails, owing to the stiained condition of our relations with America, and the extreme likelihood of war The Press of Saturday asserts that our Foreign Se crctaryhas forwarded " a kimi of ultimatum" to the United States Government. Our Mi- nister at Washington has been instructed to make certain demands, and in case of non compliance to retire forthwith from his post. " Although unable to publish preciso details," continues the Conservative organ, "wo under- stand that immediate reparation, if not an ampi« apology, has beon demanded. Whether any attempt has beon made to induce the Emperor of tho French to co-oporate with our Government in dealing with tho American difficulty we cannot Biy, though the rumour circulated iu Patis to the effect th it M Mer cief is about to be iccnlled seems to point to some such conclusion." All this is very likely to bo true, for tho studied insults and preme- ditated outrages of the last few weeks have' roused the feeling of tho country to a pitch of excitement almost equal to that which suc- ceeded the seizure of the Trent. The Lords and Commons had two "indignation"debates on Thursday and Friday nights. Some of the speeches wero very vehement, and a strong pressure is put upon tho Government to in- duce it to assume a firm and determined atti- tude. So flagrant has been the contluct of tho Federal admirals abroad, and of Mr. Adams in England, that even thoso steady goit g friends of the North the Daily News and the Spectator havo been compelled to reprobate tho insolent behaviour of their clients. " The Government at Washington aro grievewsly mistaken," says the former, "if they sup- pose that there is any party in this country who would counsel submission to any invasion of British rights. Lot it once ' be conclusively shown that the officers in command of tho American cruisers aro pushing the rights of belligerents over neutral vessols to an unwarrantable ex- tent, and tho determination of tho British Government to reBist will bo vigorously supported by every man throughout the country." With our foreign relations in this ticklish condition, a sudden change may tako place any hour in tho European exchanges. Either peace in, or war with, America would at once advauco the value of money ; and in such a case most of tbo new schemes brought out duriug tho past six mouths would como to grief. Consols have been kept in a position of depression by the gloomy political outlook, ranging ftom 025 to 03. The settlement of tho Confederate Loan was satisfactorily effec- ted on the 21th, and an advanco was at once established. Foreign stocks prêtent no notice- able changes. Australian securities havo advanced during the past month, and arc commanding quota- tions which cannot fail to bo gratifying to the colonial people. As capitalists aro begiuning to seo the comparative poverty of Canada, as well as the dishonesty of. its Government, many of them are selling out of Canadian De- bentures and aro bujing Australian steck. The International Bank of Australia and New Zealand has collapsed, from tho want of subscribers; but, undaunted by tho fato of that miserable concern, a fresh bank has jnst been brought out for Otago, New Zealand. ' LOANS AND JOINT STOCK OXDEBTAKINCIS. The borrowing process still goes on. Fast as millions sterling nre drafted away from our reservoirs of capital, there ore applicants for millions more. The success of one needy state excites the gold hunger of other Govern- ments. The extraordinary eagerness with which tho Confederate Loan was taken up in Europe has, we leam,-produced an immense sensation at Washington and New York. It lo ' K4 > J 1. <» , iii'J »J lu jsi./it') wit I JJ» JO ait. v , J^r.ji t J* ii regarded as betokening a thorough conn , dence in the ultimate triumph of the Seces- j sioni-ti As such, it is gall and wormwood to the Federal«; whp'will not love us the bett.-r for this new proof of European'sympathy to- wards their political fots. However, where mor¡ey is iuquestiön.'it »rll not>dd Ttb -yield to sentirrlent or impul-e,' Like keen men of? business, the Northerners reason, that jf we -have, buen . BO_ prodigil 'with. our.wealth ter assibt-the ''rebel-v" we .oeïtifiïly shall not be less generous towards them Accordinsly, it has transpired that the Hon 1 Mr Walker," formerly a Secre tery'of the' United State* Treasury, lias just landed in thli countfy, his mission being to nfirotiate a Federal loan in Great Biitairt and France A great deal of curiosity ia felt' as to the amount contemplate'], the security which will be offered, nnd-thp manner in which it wtil Iw received by the investing public. The Confederate Loin hin- fluctnaW as muchea six1 pnr cent, during the past five weeks, and ranu.es now from thr«o quart rs to one and a half premium. The security is risinj: in estimation on the Contmeut. From advice« by a recent marl, it appears that the Government of BuetiOs Ayres corr templates the rilling of a loin, for the pur po->e of remedying the defects o the currency. It is reported, also, that the Government of the Dannbinn Principalities is in treatv with Entlieh capitalists for a lean of ^two million-» sterling; but no auncuncemeut'ofeither has yet been made. The new Turkish Loan, however, mentioned in my last letica» pond in ¿, has been introduced upon the French and Eng'ish markets The amount asked for was £6u00000, and such was the i'agernee« dis plajed that the applications exceeded ,five times that bum. The special securities 'ns signed to the new stock are described us ample and wholly unburdened. 'One secret'of tiro stidcessof this, in commoa>wiEU other similar, tinauoial operations in France, consists in thV pains taken to popularize it; by iiJsUtnir bond« or Obligations at a low» figure, which catties them to be extensively/token 'up by the people. ' This loan has been biousht out in Frai CB under the auspices of the Credit Mo- bilier Society, anil in London by the new Ininerial Bank of Tuik-y. ¡ ' ' "<; The ngentb-gerleral for .the Crown colonies have invited tender*, to bri opened on th » Gth of May, for Oejlon Government Six ner Cent. Debenture, to the extent of £250.000, being the fir^t instalment of a loan of £1,000,00 \ atithoiluid by this colonial Legislature to'be raised for the'construction-of ti railway from Colombo to Kandy., It is pointed out that the public, revenue bf>Ceylon has for( many years past exceded the expenditure, and up - to the present date the colony lias contracted no public debt, with the exception'öf'a sm»ll loan of £100,003, which was borrowed lu 18G1 to pay off the shareholders of the late Ceylon Railway Company. ' ' > lu addition to the subjoined ventures, various projected joint-stock undertaking-", .for home, the colonies, and' abroad, me iu course of preparation, sonto of'them upon a scalo of considerable''magnitude.' Their in troductron will, no .doubt, be encouraged liy the fall in the vhluo of money.'> Pro1iiJetuses 'of the following schemes are already hi fire 'tho public: - The Commercial Nnvltration Company of India, with a oipit-d of £3,0,0i 0, in £50 share-«. The ob|cct is' to cairy on steam operations on the Gangep. The British Flax Company, designed to purchase flax; from farmers and generally to promote the gniwthof the plant, with a proposed capital of £100 000. The Patent Ventilating Granary Company, whrch has secured the reqmreel funds, and has a model - granary iin »lull work. "The Panouia Leather i Cloth Company, with a cipital of £100,000, to extend the manufacture of that particular article, -which attracted so much attention at the late Exhibition. The Wc-t i Surrev Tanning Company; capital, £100,000. The Canadian Trust and Agency Company, intended to invest capital in mort- gages of real lestatoin thnt colony/with pro- posed capital of halfarnillion. A Commercial Institute and General Share Exchange, the ohhsf object of which will be lo facilitate the formation of combinations of persons who may wish to enter into partnership under limited liability. Tho General Steam Cul ti vation Company, which proposes to bring, steam culturo into more 'general use by' allowing farmers 'tho use of > machinery and implements- upom rent, or- afford- ing them,the power to purchase by instal- ments; capital,' £260,000. A.New Theatro Company, t'> < erect a superior structure of that kind in tho Haymarket; oapital. £125,000. The Southompton' Imperial Hotel ,Company, with a capital of £100,000, The Westminster and Southwark Batik, with a capital of £1.000,000; and .a junction of the Bank of Manchester with the London firm of Messra-'Heywood, Kennard, and Co, witlr an authorized ¡capital'of two million*. The Abertbarn (Bohemia) Mining Company, witlr. H capital nf £150,000. The London and West- minster Wine Company, giving to tho share- holders the privileges of buying wines, spirits, and liqueurs cheaper than the general public. The London Bank of Scotland,'with a capital of £1,000,000; and the Bank of-Otago, with a capital of £500,000, which is proposed for the purpo.oof extending the benefits of banking to New Zealand. Toe committeo of the Stock Exchange, with their usual desire to protect the public, and to close tho door to fraud, in connexion with Stock Exchange movoments, have adopted the following important resolution, which having been this day formally ".confirmed," has been posted up in the houso for the in- struction of tlie members : " To THBMBMBBBS OFTOB STOCK EXCHANGE. -The Committee for General Purposes having reason to believe that attempts have been mado to introduce- companies calculated to injure the character of the Stock Exchange, and the interests of the public, do hereby caution brokers against giving the sanction of their names to tho briuging out of any company without first making full inquiry as to the bond fides of its objects, and the character of the promoters, directors, con cessiontires, and other parties connected with it ; and the committeo further givo notice that, should it be proved to them that any member of tho Stock Exchange shall have Introduced, or do pany brought out for improper purposes being at same time cognisant of, or assisting iu such purposes-tho committee will inflict such penalty as the nature of the case may{ demand." , . - DIVIDEND MEETINGS, &C.; At a meeting of the proprietors of the Bank of Australasia, the directors' report, declaring a dividend at the rate of fouiteen per cent, per annum, was unanimously adopted, The chairman mentioned that., this dividend will, probably, be-maintained in October next. He also stated that tho increase of commerce in New Zealand rendered necessary the esta- blishment of> branches thero by the Innk, which otherwise would ba placed at a disad- vantage by competitors. The report of tjie Chartered Bank of India, Australia, and China, presented on the 8th of April, stated the profits for the past year to havo boen £70,702, hut that tho losses from tho opium frauds atHong Kong had amounted to £50,323 ; so that the available balance was ooly £20 409, out of which a dividend at the rate of five per cent, for the half-year ending Dexember last was paid, leoving £4,868 to be carried forward. At the meeting, the chair- man congratulated the shareholders on the prosperity of the bank. A branch lins been opened at Rangoon, and one is about to bo formed at Kurrachce. i ' At a general meeting of the Groat Barrier Company (New Zealand) on the 21st, it waa unanimously agreed to raise,£20,000 by deben- tures for fivo years at six per cent, per annum. The obje cts on which it is proposed to ex- pend this money aro to improve the present farms and establish others, to considerably increase the stock of sheep and cattle, oxtond the fish-curing establishment, purchase a suitable \ easel, and to place the directors in a position to carry out the project of a Bpecial settlement if favourable terms are offered by the Government ; and also tor making tho necessary preparations for rendering the com- pany's harbour, Port Fitzroy, a fitting port foi steamers and other vessels, as will os a depot for whalers. It was stated that the saw-mill is, probably, now at work, and that from this 60urco a good return may henceforth bo ex- pected. A meeting of the Submarine Company took , place on the 21st, to consider tbo propriety of declaring a dividend, and of raising an additional amount of capital. After con- siderable discussion, resolutions wore carried authorizing both projects. é » At a meeting of the Oriental Banking Cor- poration, on the ICtk inst., a dividend ot five per cont. was declared, with a bonus of three por cent. It was stated that tho business of tho bank waa increasing, and that no loss had been sustained by the recent opium frauds. MISCELLANEOUS. Afrtho election of directors of the Bank of Enrrlanfl on the 7th, Mr. K, D. Hodgson, M.P, was elected governor, nnd'Mi. H. L. Holland deputy-got ernor, of tho bank. It has been resolved, at a recent extra- ordinary meeting, to w'od UP aD tho IndioFreehold Land, Colonization, Trust, and Agency Association. -, The suspension of Messrs. Ronnldsou and Powell, of Groat" Tower-street,,London, mer el ¿vi - chants, is it-ported, with liabilities estimated at £00,000; nothing definite is known con- cerning assets. Losses abroad to tho extent of £0,000 are stated to be the immediate eau'«« of;di(lrculty ; but Has understood the houso had operated In jute. "? The su«-u'nsion is announced qf the firm of Messrs W. b. Stock and Co, carrying on th.e well known sugar house in Ol 1 Market street, .Bristol,'" Tin* liabilities are estimated at from £i\000 to £61,000, most of which it is said, will fall upon local house*, particularly upon, two brothers connected with the fraile. The Board of Trade returns for the month of February are considet d favourable. Owing partly to thcrcircumstancc that tlíá roniptii son is now instituted wrtfi periods in the two preceding'years, when the disturbing effe'etk of the convulsion in Arntrrc e were felt by trade, the unnccustonvd feature is preftmted of a IIK ided* comparative increase ln'tho ex> nort'ligures. The home1 produee espotrted in February was eleven per'ce'iit larger than in the corresponding months t;f 1S62 and 1861, I Tho emigration trade at the port of Liver1 ixrol, whrt-h has been for some time past in a state of Comparative Ftagrinlion', owing chiefly to dhu war in America, is nhowing eVident signs of activity. Thu'number of ^rríurañtfc under the act ' for 'the month of- March is as ' follows : - Urd'ed Staten, x2& ships, 10,818 passengers; Vn.tmr.i, 3 shi|w, 1210? Queensland, 2 'ships, 673 ; South America, 1 slip, 87: total, 12G88. Short'sIlipBt or those not under the >>it:-United States 1\ ships. 852 passengers: N«JW Brunswick-1 ship, 17; New South Wales, 1 ship. 2a: Victoria, 1 ship, 21 , all other places, I fchip^Si : total, 946 Aggregate for themmtli," 13,l>)4: being an increare o£ 10,010 under the act, aird of 559 not nmKr tho'act, ascumpared With îhe Cor- responding month of last year. The countries to rthrch the emigrants helenaed'wow as fol- low..--Uni tod States- Mo English,210Scotch, 8885 Irinh, 167 foreigners ; Victöria-383 English, 203 Scntcb, 077 Irinh. 33-foreigners ^ QueonBl.trrd-374 English, 20 Scotch, 153 Irish, 2foreigners; SouthAmenct-76 Itlsh ' The cabin passengers are not classified in'tho'Go- vernment emigration returns. 1 The' March qnartei exhibits a large increase as compared with the tame period of 1862. Therms an inf crease in the quarter of the 'present Voar as compared with 1862 of no ICFS than 17.820.- I It is rather surprising to record that the emigration from trie coal and iron distiiots of South Wnles at tho'present time is larger than has ever been known. At several of ihe principal works as many us thirty ba\o left at one " p-ry," and -not it week passes without a few leaving. The majority of the emigrants are able-bodied youug men, "and it is more surprising'stilL to merition that the destina- tion of nearly all of them is Now York, or some other port of the once United State?. Higher wages and ready employment aie the reasons ¿ivpn for emigrating, but as the state of things tn the Northern States is BO well known among "our working population, the matter has naturally crean d suspicion, and it is feared that agent« are at wölk holding out inducements to the emigrants with the view of m iking them eventually useful in the pro- secution of the war agoinsfthe South; » ' Tho .Mansion-house Committee ha\c ro -ponded to the appeals maelu to them to assist in promoting émigration from Lancashire and Cheshiie, bj betting aside a sum of £5,000 for that object. One-fifthofthe whole amount has been man ted to the Victoria Emigration A-sist ance Siicietj -a body which lins already voted £5,000 from its own fund* for- the purposo of enabling some of our distressed operatives to proceed to Australis. Ata meeting of opera- tives dn Hut me. Manchester,' a Lancashire Emigration Society was formed. The meeting was a crowded one, and tue feeling wa3 de- cidedly in favour of the emigration of itnem ploj rd, operatives. -The National Colonial Emigration Society has held an influential meeting in Loudon. Lord Lyttislton presided, and the Earl of Shaftesburj-, Mr. O.t fiuxton, M.P., Mr. Bazley, M.P.Mr. Newdegate M.P, and theiO^aii'Of Carlisle, were umoiigst the> speakers. The resolutions affirmed that emi- gration afforded an impo'tant channel of relief for the existing distress, that a well organized system of omigrutlon would in- creado tho strength and prosperity of tho British empire, and that tile association was worthy of bu pport. L The second series of sales of colonial wool are fixed to commence on Thur-,daj, the 30th inst. The total arrrvals1 to the present date amount to 85,037 bales, of which 38,000 bales are from Victoria. Tho trade is inactivo pending the sales. -The Liierpool public sales are announced to bo held from the 5th Jo the 0th proximo, dunns which 10,000 bales of East Indu will be offered, i ¡ ENGLISH SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE * AIIIUVALS Astcr p , at Gravesend 13th Aprils inn- Wellington Accrut ou ui Do»l 23rd April fioni Melbourne Heather Sell, KI OraVetend 17 h April, from Hobart To Ml La Hoj,uo at Gravesend lCth Aptli, from Sydney Hirraj t.t Gravosend Oth April from Atlclaulo Maid of Judih, at Gravesend 25th A)ni, from S y li, ey Newcisllc tit Gravesend 17th April, from Mol bourne Parisian *t Gravesend 21th Aprl', from Arlehido Queen of tho Marsey, atLlvorp ol 2vth April, from Jsew /elland r Ho tilt at Gravesend 0th April from Melbourne Suffi!«-, »t Gravesend 17th Ap li, ii m Milbourn Tart-vr, at 1 lymoath, 17th Apill, iroui West Austra- lia Whirlwi d, at Gravesend 23rd April from Moreton Ba} i DEPARTURES Attila, from Deal, 13th April, for Molbourno Astre», (rum Liverpool 7th April, for King Georgo a Sound , 111 lokwntor from Deal Srd April, for llelbc irno ' Cares from Gravesend 24th March for Melbourne1 Cairngorm, from Gieonock 28th Mar b, lor Quoons lind Oostlporo, from Gravotond 2nd April for Syduoy Cbirmor from Liverpools Aprl for Molbjurno ¡ Cadmus, from Deal 24 li April, for Mcliounio Duna Anita, from Deal 29th Msi-b, for Ointcr harj Ddiviare, from Qravtsond Oth April, for Now Zoa land Fstnulr from "Deal Sth April for Holbourne Kona, from Dot! Srd April, for S WAU K ver liri of Derby, from tbo Oyde Oci Aprl, for Moi- oo urao Epson, from Gmvesond 10th April for Now 7ealand Kxcolsio from Doll 13th ADrli, for Victoria. 0 lien Empire, from Gravesend 8,h April, for Moret n B»} Golden Land, fr m Gravesend 30th March, for Ocfloiif; " Hat ings, from Or-voiond Hth April, for Swan Rivur John T mpg 1, from Deal 13th Api 11 for Ad lalde Jotui hn x from Deal 7ttl April, ror AJelaido Lahore from Llv erpool 20th April, for Molbourno Lammermoor, from Gravosend 11th April, for Sjdiey . llntoi'ia from Gravesend Sth April, for Otago Monarch, from PI} mouth 16th April, fur Mel hour io Norwood from Deal 8th April, for Auckland (Ti is i ossol a lured na ling transport, conveys tho left wir g of the Slid buttai on it the 18th rcgitn ne, naval tupo numerarles, and adotaohment-ot the Royal hu gineers ) Ont trio from Deal 10th April, for Molbourno Ooea t Homo, from Gravesond 4th April, for Kew ¿Km and Orient from Gravesend 26th April, for Adeliide 1 bacton from Gravesond 23rd April, for Sydney Queen of the Av on, from Gravesend 15 li April, for New Zialard Itoiouuo, I rom Gravesond 23th April, for Mo! bourne I Hoy 1 Dane, from Llforpool 10th April, for Mel hoc ruo i Rhodoriclc Dhu, from Liverpool lltli April, for Adelaide I Steg, from Gro HOCK 23rd April, for Adelaide, Sea Star, frirn Gravesend 8th April, for Adelaldo Syrfii, from Gravoicnd 18th April, for Lauii cuton ' I Star cf Indi«, from Liverpool 2ith April, for Mel bourne Starbeini, from Gravofond 20th April, lor Adelaide Tinto Iwtn Gravesend 15th April, for Molboume I Talbot, from Gravosend 31st liaron, for Now Zealand True Briton, from Gravesond April 22, for Mel bourne Lndiunted, from Gravoicnd 3rd April, for Sydne}. Woitohrtll, from Gravesend 8t!i April. forSjduoy. Wayo Quio , from Limiash 10th April, for Otago Woltern Ocoan, from Gravesend 20th April, for Melbourne SHIPS LOADING! AT LONDON For Melbourne -Giants' Causeway, Koorta Moorta, Rojal Vlhitor, Nimrod, Westburn, Dairtnar Omar Pash-v Pegasus, Prince of Wales, Scottish Chief, Ben irai Nirfolk, Gangos, R bert Small, Whirlwind, Co- lonial Empire For Sydnoy-Jason, Conference, Wra Duthie, Arab Steed, Maria Hay Vlmolra, T D Marshal),, Spitfire, La Hoguo, Maid ol JudaU, Canaan, Wooloo mooloo, Glen Cairn. For Adelaldo -Alywutou, Aashur, Elphinstone, Coonatto, Murray, Clanalptno I or Hobart Town -Abbotiford, Heather Boll. For La ino oton -\1 est biny Tor Moro-on Bay - Wlntorthur, Young Australia,' Star c1 England I i or Portland Btv -Lady Nice For Non 7eiloud -ilagglo Mlllor, Owon Glendower, Portland, Elizabolh Ann Bright, Queen ef Beauty, Anno Wilson, Tyburhla, Captain 0 ok, Sir R. Aberdr inblr-, Mctorr, Zambli, Glanmire1, New Great Britain, Crimea, Dudbrooï, Mallard, Porslan, Brôther'a 1'r de, Harwood, Win Carty, Affiance, Astcropo. AT LneurooL ¡ Tor Molbou-no - Qaeen of Australia, Lightning, S Jinnora Ocean, Donald 11'Kay, Whlto Star, Sama , rantr l-or8jdncy - Shsckamsxon, tevoiishlrf ' t cr Adelaide - Toronti Fur lion Zealand -British Crown, Saldaih». . AT BniSTOt For Molbourno -Dei oruhlre AT LEIM For Melbourne - C ummer Cloud For S}dney-City of Q «bec Eumong CIIAROE AGAINST um CAITAIY AM CAR FRIVTEII ol' A ÖUIP -At the Liverpool Polico Court on f li ()Mw ( J 'ii I1 «* i.ii ?«'* ! 'Î ,i i i¡¡ I SU * J 8a unlay, Ihe l8 h April, Alfrod Qraygon and Jvnoi Andmon ino Í jrmor U o cáptala an 1 tho Ia 1er ctr pouter o( the ahlpEarl rf Derb),»were brought bofore lh» miijlitrtto", charçrej with attempting t» »culto that >hl|i On tho 2Stli of Notembor lan the, karl n(. sI>.rtiy Mt Ortienoclc for Hil iiuru», but if'was d s cot end on tho 20 Ji that tho lila \>u Jenkin;, and iho mon wera Tr>rit~«r» £ha pumps-TintH they Wurt ix hmsud, alni irt.ts «x1 up-in tho.chip being taken Into vomop r* Aecirdlerrly tliihlpncourae «asahtrol, a-d iluijinil» for .Liverpool Trio captain ?'thou callod all lu sf< on deck, ullod timm wl'h drink, and rofusod toi t th-iii i, i n tim purnim Ihe carpenter an! hellion adj >un el to .ho e-a iln, and after b I ir tlicrj for aomo tituo tli-s carponter waa -seo i toleivo and co lnti tho force sitio with an augrer an 1 a trautro, n d \s»s hovd 11 a»y on lils return tint ' it ran well " Af>r this tho snrp win hrached and It sres disco «rod that an jalterppt hld b*en mi o loHinttlehor !Vn«n beaohod tJio vquel squt ou Ure, and waa dtsarted 40 ia alter wa*-ds And yrl « 1 HU Inquiry \tai tua itutcd by tho Board of lruli, tho capulín cortiUiato vras with' asm, Mil lib wai itilisctiuentl) an, ri-hondryi I y D'tecMso Carlii.1*, on tho elttr.o of a" tetnptlnir to actittl . the »hip Afear a pan lal Imarin; of tho cud. tho pria men werj remanded -Albion - [ Tim Lou ol' lim ilAJBSTïfl Sim OariiBM- A par Mo 11111 ting wa< bold st I'ntamoutli, un 1er tho président.) of ih-» Mayor, Mr W Chimbem, f r tho JIUT..-OS0 of collectintr » funl fir tue ro i«f 1C thb jyldows vii orpians of thoo who jinnsheii hythe Wrei.lt t f Hill 11 late 1 ahip A/J'ini'iUi« w »s foiined, and ».tilt* Io ru'o'utlona propped fir Iho cöl'octloa of Rii!«rriptions, U bni ^ ut dor tbnd that the monor so collect I ahoiibl bo ban ed to til? Oiphctis Fund ( for tha »oniii puriwae by raial oftker« and oth'rs coomel d «1th the n «val and mil tary orrs ico , under the prj»llonc} if \i_o- Ad 1 irai blr JI Seymour, KCll, nt ho Rot al ï.aval College, Her Uujttty'a doc/) ark, Plr mouth A Btroirr feeling: ojclstr tait tho wloow« and ornlinns lett hy »uch Budden annui- ties ti tho lo s of H r Majesty's ships Orpheus, Bir ki-nhoad, and A vongorv Mi «I'd receive tho requirod a* mui LO lorn soma -national muro«, and not be permitted ti diipend, upon local and prira.o ali JloTltnoj ^ T110 sbip Rob-irt S niall his beon ttken. up for the convoy»nco uf Ouvumnai t cbil/rmta to Milnourro I TT Einl(iatloa Oniuiuslincri hato tatton uptlie ship Vijtory fir tho cimo/ance ol pabsongera to Can tcibj*yi ***" Z-aland." I 