JTOlICEb OF MOTION aSD ORDER OF THE DAY. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday. July 7. ORDERS OV THE 1MY: — 1\. Mr. Ayeiw to move— ' That the report of the Standing Orders Com mittpe nn the ouestion referred to them on itJth June, ltw, whether, in tneir opinion, the luist Standing Order does or does not apply to amend ment* proposed in a Committee o the Council,' be adopted.1' 2\. Ctutoms Laws Amendment Bill : adjourned debate on second reading. 3\. Municipal Corporations Act Amendment Bill, 1863: in Committee. 4\. Adelaide Waterworks Bill, 1863: third read ing. 5\. CuKtoma Consolidation Bill, 1S63: in Com mittee. tf. Masters and Servants Bill, lSt53: considera tion of amendments made by the House of Assembly. Tuesday, July 14. Order of the Day:— 1\. Report of select Committee on Real Estate Descent Bill to be brought up. Wednesday, July 22. Obder of the Day:— L Commissioner of Roads Bill. 1863: third reading. GojcnsBEKT Notice ofMottox:— 1\. Mr. Babbow to move (contingently upon the Council eoing into Committee upon the Municipal Corporations Act Amendment Bill)— 'That the 101st Standing Order be suspended, in order to enable 'him to move the insertion of a clause authorizing the Adelaide City Council to Jease a portion of the 'Park Lands for a race course.' .HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, July 7. Govhr*m?nt Business: Order of the Day -Lapsed from Thursday last, owing to the adjournment) :- 1\. Roads Amendment Bill: second reading. (No. 24.) other bu8ikes3: notices of motion ; (Lapsed from Wednesday last, owing to the Adjournment):— L Mr. A. Stow to move- . 'That he have leave to introduce 'A Bill in tituled an Act to abolish the Court of Appeal.' ' 2\. Mr. Cole to move— 'That there be laid on the table of this House a return, showing the amount paid to the several daily and weekly papers for Government adver tisements for 12 months, ending 30th May. 1S63: the return to particularize the portion of such amount not necessitated by the provision of an Act of Parliament requiring the insertion of the advertisement '* otaer t'an tne Government Gauttt' X Mr.Dirrrojrtpmove— . 'That there be laid on the table of this House copies of all correspondence with the Emigration Agent in London, on the subject of emigration, m continuation of 'Parliamentary Paper No. 30, together with the despatches of that officer in reply to any of the despatches already laid on the table inPaoerxfo. 30, and any subsequent replies that may Have licen received up to the present time. 4\. Mr. Sutherland— 'That he will ask the Honourable thepommis iioner of Crown Lands and Immigration (Mr. Strangways) whether any correspondence has laken place between the Government and the Pastoral Association with reference to the renewal of pastoral leases having had 14 years to run, and tailing in in the course of one to three years ; if so, what course the Government intend to pursue with reference thereto.' a Mr. Kingstox— 'That he will ask the Honourable the Attorney General (Mr. R. L Stow) whether the Gazette notice signed 'B.D. Koss, AiddeCamp,' on the subject of official precedency and uniforms, was issued with the sanction and approval of the Ministry.' B. MkHewbtt to move— ' That there be laid en the table of this House a return showing:— 'i. The amounts paid or now due to the Im perial Government on account of steam postal communication with Great Britain during the years ending 30th June, 1359, 1860. 1861, I8& 1863, with the amount, if any, allowed during each year by the Imperial Government on account oi branch services between Port Adelaide and any port out of the Province of South Australia. 'It. The amounts paid for branch servioes be' tween Port Adelaide and any other port for tha conveyance of mails to and from Great Britain during each of the same years. 'in The number of letters dispatched to and received from Great Britain and other places during each of the same years by the contract packets, and the amounts received for postage of the same. 'rv. The number of newspapers dispatched to and received from Great Britain and other places ? during each of the same years by the contract I packete, and the amounts received for postage of ! the same.'' 7\. Mr. Hrwett to move— 'That there be laid on the table of tins House a return showing the names of the defaulters, the appointments they held, the amounts of the de falcations, and how far duch amounts were re covered from the sureties, during the pjist live year? (as referred to in the Treasurer's financial speech).' Other Business: Orders of the Day (Lapsed fkom Wednesday last, owing to the Adjournment:— 1\. German Immigration Bill: in Committee. (No. 26.) .„ ., t. . 2\. Scab Act Amendment Bill : consideration of Report of Committee of whole House. (No. :£.) 3\. Consideration in Committee of motion of Mr. Murray— , „. _ „ ' That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, praying His Excellency to cause the sum of £150 to be placed on the Estimates for the purpose of eradicating the plant known as the 'Scotch Thistle' from off the Crown lands within the District of Tungkillo, in accord ance with the prayer of the petition presented to this House on the 28th April. 4\. Consideration in Committee of motion of Mr. Bakewell— _, _ , 'That an address be presented to His Excel lency the Governor-in-Chief, praying His Excel lencv to cause the sum of £300 to lie placed on the Estimates for the purpose of purchasing a sue for the erection of a l'oiice Station in the neighbour hood of O'Connell- street. North Adelaide.' Other Bdsixihs: Notice of Motion (Lapsed kkoji Friday-last, owing to THE ADJOUKSMEXT): 1\. Mr. Kingston to move— 'That an address be presented to His Excellency the Gnvernor-in-Chief, praying nis Excellency to furnish the House with copies of any despatches received by him from Her Majesty's Government on the subject of official uniforms, and purporting to establish rules for regulating the social rank and precedence of the colonists.' Wednesday, July S. Notices op Motion.— 1\. Mr. A. BiiYTiitomovc— ' That the National Rink Act Amendment Bill be now read a second time.' 2\. Mr. Hewett to move— 'That, in the opinion of this House, it is no longer desirable to continue the making and niain tainiu;.' of Main Lines of Road by the Central Road Board.' X Mr. Townsend to move— 'That this House will on Friday, 3rd July, resolve itself Into a Committee of the wlioje for the purpose of considering the motion— 'That an address be presented to Hi* Excellency the Governor-inC'hief, praying His Excellency to c-au^e to be placed on the Estimate* the sum of £2,00 -, for the purpose of making the road through the Town of Mount Gamhier, in accordance with the prayer of the petition from the inhabitants.' ' 4\. Mr. Kingston to move— ' 'Ilia: there be laid on the table of this House a report (to be prepared by the Engineer and Archi tect) on all the items, seriatim, mentioned on pages 41 and 42 of the proposed Estimates, under the head of ' No. 3, Public Works, Buildings, and Improvements ;' such report to include :t state ment in each case of the necessity for the proposed work, what plans are now prepared, and how far the estimates lor each are based on detailed calcu lation.' 5\. Mr. Kingston to move— 'That there be laid on the table of this House a return showing the amounts paid for all profes sional assistance in the Engineer and Architect's Department not included in the estimates of the ilepurtment, nor in the return relating to Clerks of Works from January, 1857, to date.' 6\. Mr. Hart to move— 'That this House will on Wednesday, 1st July, resolve itself into a Committee o( the whole for the purpose of considering the motion—' That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor- in-Chief. praying His Excellency to cause a sum of £100 to be placed on the Estimates to enable the South Australian Society of Art to purchase models of works of art for the School of Design.' ' 7\. Mr. CotiLiN to move— 'That this House will on Wednesday, the 1st of July, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purposeof considering the motion — 'That an address be presented to His Excel !unpy tlio Governor-in-Chief, praying His Excellency ro iuu.se the Bum of £100 to he plated on the Esti mates, to be paid to the Adelaide Turf Club, as a racing stake to be called the ' Queen's Hundred,' mill to be competed for on die old Adelaide Race course by horses bred in this colony.' ' S. Mr. Colton to move— 'That this House will on Friday, 3rd July, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole, for the purpose of considering the motion—' That an address be presented to His Excellency the Uovernor-in-Chief, prayiiig His Excellency to cause to be placed on the Estimates the sum of £.1,000, for the purpose of repairing the road from Willunga, through Aldingo, to Port Willunga Jetty, in accordance with the prayer of the petition of the District Councils representing those places.' ' 'X Mr. Bagot to move— 'That the petition, presented Thursday, 25th June, signed by Mr. Mills, be referred to the Select Committee on the Tipara Mineral Claims.' Orders of the Day :— 1\. Report of Select Committee on Registration of Deeds Amendment BilJ to Ik; brought up. 2\. Licensed Victuallers Bill: third leading. (Xn :\t » .'{. Consideration in Committee of motion of Mr. A. Stow ' That an address be presented to His Excellency the Govcrnor-in-Chief, praying His Excellency to cause the additional sum of £1,()IW to be placed on the Estimates for 18&J-4;, for the purpose of m:iki:ig up the amount required to ere-.t the Po-t-Otliee and Telegraph .Station at Mount Gambier, in ac cordance with the plans prepared last session by the Engineer and Architect.' 4\. Consideration in Committee of motion of Mr. BAfior— ' That an address lie presented to His Excel lency the Governor-in-Chief, praying His Excel lency to cause a sum not exceeding £500 to be placed on the Estimates for LSo'J, for the purpose of repaying k\ S. Dtuton, E»\\., a portion of the expenses incurred by him as Commissioner for South Australia at the International Exhibition of IStii1' 5\. Consideration in Committee of motion of Mr. Bagot— 'il'hat an address be presented to Hj« Excel lency the Governor-in-Chief, praying His Excel lency to cause a sum not exceeding £5,-H)0 to be placed onjhe Estimates for the puriwse of forming and making the worst portions of the main road between Freeling Station and Greenock Village.' 6\. Consideration in Committee of motion of Mr. JToung— ''Ihttt an address be presented to His Excel lency the Governor-in- Chief, praying His Excel lency to cause to lie placed on the Estimates a sum not exceeding £i -h tor the purpose of making two fords with approaches across the Hutt River, at tlie junction of the Main North aiul North Western roads; and also for nuking a crossing with approaches across the Bungaree Creek in the Main iSorth-Westcrn-road to Crystal Brook.' 7\. Consideration in Committee of motion of Mr. C. Lindsay— 'That an address he presented to His Excel lency the Govcrnor-iu-Cbief, praying His Excel lency to cause the sum of £50J to be placed on tljc Estimates for the purpose of repairing the road over tj-u hill near Port Lincoln, in accordance with the prayer of the petition presented on 5th June. ISO.' S. Consideration in Committee of motion of Mr. VERCp ' That an address be presented to His Excellency the Goveinor-iii Chief, praying His Excellency to cause the sum of £150 to be placed on the Estimates for the purpose of erecting a passenger platform, in accordaucu with the prayer of the petition presented to tin's House on the 3rd March. (Paper No. ;M: House No.. 20.)' The Danish King's Keepsake to rHE Princess Alexandra.— Dagmar, the 'dar- ling Queen' of Denmark, died in 1212, and was buried in Ringsted Church. She was carried to the grave adorned with a costly jewel, which lay )ii her brc.ist. In the time of Christian V.i'wheu her torn)) was opened, this cross was taken care of, -nd it is now one of the most precious objects preserved in the Museum of Northern Antiquities n this city. This golden cross, which is about an inch and a halt long aud one inch broad, is covered with figures in enamel on both sides, and is sup posed to be of Byzantine workmanship. On the front is Christ on the cross, and on the back five half-length figures, Christ in the middle, St. Basilius above. St. John Chrv;os toimjii below, St. Mary on the left, and St. John the Evangelist on the right. Golden scnw.s Fasten the two sides together, and the space within probably contains a splinter of the holy cross or some other relic. This splendid onument has great artistic value, it being tho only ena melled cross which is known to be older than the year 1212. It is always beheld with veneration hy the crowds who visit the museum, for it speaks of a lady beaut i ul beyond compare, who died in the bloom of youth, anil who demanded neither goods nor gold, broad ncre3 nor stones of price, as h«r morning gift, but only asked Valdeinar the Vic torious, her lord and master, to free the peasantry from their plough-tax and the poor prisoners from their fetters. It was this same Queen who, ac according to tradition, had never committed a greater sin than on a Sunday she once ' laced her silk sleeves small,' and of whom the old Danish ballad sings that though she lay 'dead on little Kerstin's arm when the Kin? rode up the street,' she awoke up at the sound of Valdemar's and her maidens' prayers, to ask him 'Peace give to the outlawed men, free the prisoners from their irons.' If ever there was a woman regarded for centuries as holy, it was Queen Dagmar. Even -lown to the beginning of this century, when the fanner went to his bench in Kingsteil '(Jhurch, he first approached the three graves where lie VaU demnr and his two wives, and said, ' Dagmar, hail Bengerd, fie!' No one in this country has so long and so eagerly pursued and protected anti .uarian studies and our national monuments as the King, Aud he has had the happy idea to use this famous cross as a matiye for a rich diamond jewel which he intends to give the Princess Alexandra on her leaving the shores of her country. To lay hands on the original cross was, of course, not to be thought of. It is regarded by the people as a kind of palladium. But His Majesty has orde:ed an exact copy to bs made by his court jeweller, Mr. Diderichsen, who is also at work on the jewel which accompanies it May Dammar's cross be a happy symbol for Her Royal Highness of the love and respect with which she will be received by the nation whose Queen she will one day be! The English Boys of Bokx.— On the roval marriage day ten youn£ English boys, at a school in Bonn, sent the following congratulatory wish io Windsor (Jastle hy telegraph:— Ten loyal English boys in Bonn Can ne'er restrain their hearts' desire, To send their future king and queen Then- wishes with their hearts therein, That beat for them till they expire. The following answer was transmitted by the same means:— 'The Boys at 20, Webberstrasse, Bonn. The Prince and Princess of Wales thank you for your kind messace and wishes, and ask a holiday for you.- Sir Charles Phhts, Windsor Castle,' -BtU'S WttMv Mestengtr. 