THE WEEK. Melbourne promises to outstrip all previous efforts in the lavish demonstration she will make on Tuesday next, in honor of the event of March, 1863. Although slow to warm into action Before the news of the actual ceremonial reached us, there is now an immense amount of energy displayed in making iip for lost time. The sound of British rejoicings has awakened echoes at the world's end which are nowreverberating through the interior of our island continent. The chivalric feeling of .doing lavish honor to the fair young girl who has come amongst Englishmen a stranger, has, in conjunction with the inherent loyalty of a free people, given birth to such an ' ovation as surpasses anything within the ken of memory. From John O'Groat's to Land's-end, there has been nothing to mar the demonstration of a nation's respect for the son of a good and noble mother— its joy that the heir apparent to the highest pinnacle of earthly posi tion should have entered into those domestic relations which have, in the case of the present occupant of the throne, proved so worthy an example to her subjects— its satisfaction that the choice of Albert Edward had fallen upon so sweet a type of the best of her sex. The Rose of Denmark — better known in the inner circle of the Danish Coast as The Pearl — is already securely entrenched in the position destined for her — she has around her an impenetrable fortification — a broad battle ment of loving loyal hearts ready to do or die in her defence. Although we, Australians, have not had the satisfaction of scanning her fair young face, or witness ing the splendid pageant which celebrated the nuptial ceremony — the mere relation of the intoxication of our comparatively phlegmatic British brethren has struck a chord which is, at this moment, vibrating strongly. Everyone feels called on to do something in honor of the union of Albert and Alexandra. The tide is run-; ning strongly in favor of the evening display on Tues day next. To other columns must we refer for the details of what is proposed, and what has already been done by way of preparation. Illumination is the subject of the week. It has thrown into the shade all other topics. 'What's your design? Transparency or gas-jets ?' have taken the place of the standing salutation of ' How's business ?' and the inevitable response of ' Nothing doing.' Staid bankers have shut np their ledgers, and are devoting them selves wholely to the study of pyrotechny. Hundreds of pounds are to be expended upon the outer decora tion of several of the modern temples of Mammon, and even the hon. Henry Miller has consented to a large order for fireworks for the new Bank of Victoria. If the performance be at all equal to the promise of pre paration, the main thoroughfares will gleam in sheets of lambent flame — and the passengers will walk their accustomed paths between walls- of living fire. Fabulous amounts are being paid to scene painters and constructors of transparencies. Gas fitters are receiving three and four pounds per diem, and flag makers are fairly at their wit's end. If the demonstra tion be not successful, it will not be from any want of enthusiasm, or lack of lavish expenditure. Parlia ment has been niggardly in dealing with the subject, as compared with public institutions, or even private individuals. Government took the matter up coldly, as might have been expected from a Cabinet having a Sepoy sympathiser, and a Pope's medallist, as the lead ing component elements. ? ' 'Who made this gentleman interrogator in the House ?' 'A self-made man, who has been blown into his position by my own hand, interrogating me I' ?Are there half-a-dozen men in Parliament, who could, by any possibility, be guilty of such a speech as this ? Printed anonymously, they might be attributed to Mr Wood, as a fair sample of Tasmanian invective. But only that elegant rhetorician, or an Irish bbgfcrotter, would the, reader be likely to suspect of what Mr Heales justly called such unblushing impudence. The assertion bears its own confutation upon its face. If Mr Heales be a self made man, it is a reductio ad absurdum to declare that he has been made by tbe hand of Mr John O'Shanassy. Whatever position Mr Henles holds in public estimation, is due to a belief in that which the member for Kilmore is most remarkable for wanting — sterling honesty of purpose. As a figure of speech Mr O'Shanassy's expression was most lame and un happy. It is not by the hands that anything in art is 'blown' into existence. The only blows to be expected from the hand of the hon. member for Kihnore would be dealt with a grasped shillelagh, and behind the back. Might it not fairly be retorted upon Mr O'Shanassy that he is himself but upstart — not self-maie — but by the force of circumstances'. Not that auch is in itself aught but creditable if the favored subject of propitious fortune prove^ modestly discreet in his adventitious prosperity. Who is there that would recognize in the hon. the Chief Secretary the ponniless bounty immi grant, who landed from from the ' William Metcolf ' on the 15th November, 1839? The boor of twenty years ago is still unchanged hi aught but exterior— and not much in . that. More boastful in demeanor, and blatant in speech, but still the O'Shanassy of days gone by.1 In past years he beat in the streets the youth who was unlucky enough to have purchased — possibly in his chastiser's slop shop — an orange handkerchief 1 No longer availing himself of so natural a safety-valve as thrashing a journeyman' painter, he works off his spleen by personal abuse of a political opponent. Upon what grounds can this trucu lent servant of the Crown dare to question tho right of any member of Parliament to put any proper interro gation that suggests itself to his mind ? In the case in question Sir Heales simply inquired if tho Chief Sec retary referred to him in certain misrepresentations ho woa roi&isg;, emi tho retort cowtsQua Mv Hoales k-- , ceived was expressed in the words which commence .this paragraph. It is, perhaps, unreasonable to ex pect anything different from Mr O'Shanassy— we do not gather figs from thistles. There is another homely proverb about the making of a silk purse from an intractable material — which involuntarily suggests itself. ? ' Whilst Great Britain was ablaze in one glow of uni versal light, emblematic of national joy upon the occa sion of the nuptials of England's eldest son, there were some gloomy corners of her Majesty's dominions where the spirit of darkness reigned supreme as ever. ' The Brotherhood of St. Patrick' have achieved for them selves a bad eminence. These . patriots exhibited their prowess at Kilrush by burning in effigy the Prince of Wales — ' the son of the Saxon Queen.' In Cork, the 'Nationalists ' took possession of the streets, and broke the windows of those who dared to call their sduls. their own, and ventured to recognise the auspicious event which had so stirred the national heart of Britain. The Roman Catholic University at Dnblin declined to illuminate, and when a few of the more loyal students made an effort in that direction, the gas^pipes were cut, and the demonstra tion put down by the brute force of sneaking rebels The sanction of the College authorities seems to have been extended to the extinguishing party. Mr Duffy's late organ, The Nation, lauds ' the generous youths for their outburst of manly feeling — their glorious spirit of patriotic devotion' — and promises that their . exposition of the national feeling will win Ithem honor and acclaim all over Ireland.' If there was a spark of generous feeling in the hearts of these factious hounds, such an event as the union of the future King of England with a young, innocent, and lovely girl might have evoked .it. If they could not sympathise, they might have been ; content to scowl in silence and to have buried their sense less animosity in their own black and rotten hearts. Whilst accepting blindly the vassalage of Rome— freely giving up soul, conscience, and faith to the keeping 6i a fellow man— the mild sway of consti tutional government fails to create gratitude in the minds of men unfit for aught but to cushion the heel of the despot. .It is appropriate and proper that the iVa tion should appland the cowards who dared this insult to the heir apparent and his bride— that obscene journal which proposed that the daughters of Erin should pour vitriol on the heads of British soldiers in the streets of the Irish metropolis — which gloated over the Cawnpore massacre and its nameless horrors — and howled its delight at the sufferings of British troops in the wintry Crimean trenches. ? Without intruding upon the province of. the editor of the Farmers' Journal, we may venture to indicate some noticeable points in the agricultural statistics, and which may be interesting even to the casual reader who abhors tabular statements, and to whom groups of numerals bear no significance. This progress report of the condition of Victorian agriculture does not profess perfect accuracy, but is merely an approximation to the truth. The number of holdings exceeding one acre is stated to be, for the year ending 31st March, 1863, 16,440, or 1480 more than in 1862. The entire quantity of land under tillage is under half a million acres — in -exact figures 463,300, or 23,405 acres increase. Tracing the crops upon the land in cultivation, we leam that there were 35, 669 fewer acres under wheat than in 1862, that year showing close on 197,000 acres growing that cereal. Some compensation is found in the acres under oats, which were, in 1863, 107,391 against 91,061. Barley has also been more generally sown, although the entire quantity is small. Maize and rye are so sparingly planted as to be almost nominal. Peas, beans, &c;, have covered nearly twice the number of acres so planted in 1862.. Although there have been 24,731 acres of potatoes planted, there is a falling oil' of 2443 acres. The demand for turnips must be tolerably equable, as there is only a single acre difference in the last two years' culture. Mangold steadily keeps its j.lace as useful cow feed — 800 acres in 1863 are only 6 acres less than the crop of 1862. In cabbage cultivation there is more than 50 per cent, in crease. The hay-crop of this year is a little over 100,000 acres — last year barely three- fourths of that quantity was grown. The progress of the comparatively new culture of wine and tobacco is interesting. In 1862 there were 220 acres under, the latter — this year, 498, a marked and notable improvement. Vines have spread over 1964 acres, \being 500 acres over the grape area of 1862. The number of vines bears, however, no proportion to the enlarg ment of area, whilst the total this year is close on four million vines, that number is only 165,000 over 1862\. That those planted in previous years are coming into bearing, we have evidence from the produce of 79,491 gallons wine against 47,568 last year. In round num bers, and forsaking comparison, we find that Victoria produced, during the harvest ending March last, 3,000,000 bushels wheat, 2,500,000 bushels oats, 150,000 bushels barley, 20,000 of maize, 17,000 of peas, beans, &c;, malting up with 'smaller items 5,646,786 bushels cereals. We had, in tons, of potatoes, 50,000 ; turnips, 1400 ; mangold wurzel, 8,000 ; carrots and beet, 1000 ; cabbage, 3000 ; making up 63,000 tons of green and root crops. Hay shows a total of 110,000 tons, and of onions there were grown (and doubtless eaten) 6272 cwt. The most discouraging item in the agricultural statistics is the falling off in the wheat product, and the most favorable fact is the ex pansion of vine and tobacco culture. There are nu merous points bristling suggestively from Mr Archer's tables, dilation upon which we must forego for the present. ' Still across the Murray stream tho agriculturists — that class which it ought to he our aim to hold within the confines of Victorian territory. What Mr Duffy lias failed to do for this colony, Mr' Robertson has achieved in New South Wales. Ho has discovered the secret of attaching the cultivator to tho soil. At the rate of 1000 acres per week is the north bank of the Murray being alienated from the Crown — not to mock farmers, to squatters' agents, or dummy selectors but to men who are going to work vigorously as vignerons or farmers. The Border Post, treating of the importance of the present move ment, as illustrative of the quick effect of legislation, points out that the whole extent of land occupied in the police district of Albury, up to the 31st March last, was under 16,000 acres. Therefore, if free seleo tion progress in tlio nqisliborUoQcl ooooraiog to tho present rate, the whole quantity of agricultural land alienated from the Crown in the Albury district during the last ten or twelve years will be doubled in sixteen weeks ! The reputation of the Murray as a winegrow ing country, the richness of the alluvial lands -of the upper river, and the fine untimbered plains of good chocolate soil existing here and there, all ready for the . plough, have, combined to render the locality attractive to the agriculturist. Free selection has proved the death warrant of the leasing system. Instead of the cultivator spending his labor and capital on the land ; of another, he has the certain prospect of realising the scripture beau-ideal, and may hope literally to sit beneath his own vine and fig-tree. The issue of the Crown 'grant being dependent upon fulfilment of the occupation and cultivation clauses, the selectors go to work industriously, with the certainty of jtheir exertions being rewarded by the issue of the grant. An' excel-, lent article in the journal we have alluded to, insti tutes the following telling comparison of the land reformer of New South Wales and the quack who has been trading under pseudonym : — ' Mr Robertson has given us ' homes for the people,' although he has not advertised himself in placards and pamphlets as a cer tain Victorian charlatan has done.' The revelations which are made at each successive Provident Institute meeting in the Insolvent Courts are almost beyond credence. The directors relied upon the manager, the manager upon the auditors, the auditors upon the solicitors, and the solicitors upon the directors and manager ; and so a complete round robin of irresponsibility is pleaded. A cornered wit ness, so soon as he finds it impossible to dodge the home-thrusts of counsel, interposes as a shield the sayings and doings, or the neglect and misdeeds of some fellow hawk in the little game of speculation; which proved so exhilarating to Jthe family party for some time. If the depositors do not get their own through the present falling out, they have at least the satisfaction of knowing . how their money was spent. At the last meeting held, Mr E . F. Sichel was examined. This gentleman had been asked to examine the Provi dent Institute accounts in 1859, but found them in such a condition that he declined the office of auditor, unless fuller information were placed at his hands. This was refused. Fortunately for his reputation, Mr Sichel washed his hands of the office ; at the same time, it is questionable whether he should not have placed the knowledge he had acquired at the disposal of the depo sitors. He now states, that four years ago he told Messrs Porter, Foxton, Hancock, and MacHllop, that even provided that all their securities were good, there was still a deficiency of £8500. Yet we find these gentle men pretending unconsciousness of the rotten condi tion of the concern they were bolstering up. Mr Macldllop's ? ideas of the responsibility of. audit is, to say the least of it, peculiar. ' The balance was signed merely on finding the totals agreed ;' in fact, it was ' thought more a matter of form than anything else.' Mr White, the depositors' auditor, considered that ' because the directors, by constantly buying up the In stitute's shares with the depositors' money, kept the market at a premium, this was a proper ground for representing these illegal investments as ' loans secured.'' It has been stated that when the accounts were placed' before Mr Sichel for audit, a signed cheque in his favor, with the amount left blank for his own filling up, accompanied them. It is a pity that Mr Sichel was not interrogated upon this point. If so disgraceful an offer was made, its opprobrium' should rest upon the proper head. If it be a mere canard, it would be a count less in the already heavy indictment against the Managers of the Provident Institute. The boarding of the Prince of Wales from Mel bourne to London, by the Alabama, Confederate war . steamer, points significantly to the risks which our gold ships would run in the event of a hostile collision with America. Although all the probabilities of such a 'conflict, if ever arising, being against the Northern States, still there is no reason why they should not have at sea as dangerous and destructive a vessel as the Alabama. Such a prize as the Great Britain, witli a quarter million sterling, would have a cheering in Wall street, and might temporarily ease the present tremendous preminm on gold — that elegant euphemism by which the decadence of Federal credit is expressed. Embezzlement is the favorite description of crimo in Melbourne. Breach of trust also holds a leading position. Last week, Mr Pritchard, a confidential clerk of Messrs R. Towns and Co.'s, was suddenly found missing ; and this week, a clerk of Messrs Power and Rutherford's is discovered to have been helping him self to his employers' cash. For every mail stuck-up by New South Wales bushrangers, we might enumerate^ a Melbourne defalcation. Numerous cases of the latter class are never permitted to come to light. Wero all made known, we believe the enormities that would be exposed would produce some effort to find a remedy for the present condition of matters. Queer Advertisements. — One of the plainest and most unmistakably outspoken advertisements we have met with appeared last week. Inviting the services of a clerk for a horse bazaar, the proviso is introduced that 'no muff need apply.' After all the advertiser shows want of knowledge of human nature. Is there the man alive who believes . liimself to be a muff ? Under the Publican's Bill now before the Legislature, grocers are permitted some new trade functions. Here is an advertiser prepared to undertake something out of the usual line of grocery business, ' Wanted, baby, to wet-nurse. Apply Mr S ? ?, grocer, East Collingwood.' We would sug« gest an engagement by Mr Sohier, in conjunction with the bearded lady. For making the best of a bad business, commend uu to the following : ' Stolen. — If ?the person who stole the cash-box from the premises, in Johnston street, East Collingwood, on the afternoon ? of the 11th inst., will return the papers by some meano, he will very' much oblige the owner.' The thief who is so hardened as to prove obdurate against so good, humored an appeal is past the aid of reformatories. The On. Sphings. — Canadian papers state that, owing to tho sudden and almost \uriversal cessation of the flowing wells, there is quite a panic among the dealers, and until the result of putting down pumps has beeo, ascertainod, contract!} cannot bfl negotiated! . / 