ARRIVAL OF THE R. M. S. NORTHAM, WITH THE MARCH MAILS. The R, M.S. Northam, with )tho March European Mails, arrived in Hobson's Bay last evening. The following is our London Correspondent's LONDON. (from our own correspondent.) 26TII MARCH, 1863. Poland has ngain this month absorbed pretty well all our interest— all, that is, that we have been able to spare for public matters from the royal wedding festivities— aud wc are just now labouring under a serious depression lest the insurrection, which has hitherto looked so promising, Bhould be approach ing a disastrous termination. And very promising, so as to be almost hopeful, has Its course hitherto been. The Russian troops, well disciplined, welt armed, with every appliance of modern warfare, l ave been repeatedly beaten by the insurgents, to whom all these things were wanting, whose most efficient weapon was a scythe fastened at the end of a pole; for, comparatively speaking, they have had so firearms beyond those they have taken from their enemies. Yet spite of the fearful odds, not only lias the struggle been maintained for two months, but it 6ccms Indubitable ttiat the insurrection has con tinued to spread, both as to the classes of society taking part in it and the extent of country occupied so that one could not help hoping, even against hope that after nearly a century of oppression, nnd eo many futile attempts, Roland was about to win her independence, and resume her place among the nations of Europe. She had been fortunate, too, in having found a man, Langicwlcz, who seemed equaj to and worthy of the task of conducting this work of regeneration ; iris name, totally unknown two months ago, i3 now a familiar word in every mouth, and all tomrucs arc loud in praise of his during, iris skill, and Iris prudence ; the National Committee at Warsaw had proclaimed trim Dictator nnd Com mander-in- Chief of all the revolutionary forces, and lie hud appointed a Provisional Government, and sent cmbftssicj to the different European powers. But from luin, when our hopes were brightest, has come disappointment. Langicwlcz, we have learnt within these few days, from some cause or combina tion of causes, for all the circumstances it is evidcut wc do not yet know, had to take refuge on the Aus trian territory, wag recognized, made prisoner, nnd is now in the citadel of Cracow, At first thin misfor tune was looked upon here as fatal, and The Times wrote as if the insurrection were at an end, but later news and further consideration have modified this view. Tho movement covers too large a space of 5 round, and Iris appointment was too recent, for .angicwicz to have really cxerci'ed the powers con ferred upon him, and it is far from improbable tbot wc heard more of him, and identified him more thoroughly with thecmsc, than did many who are doiug good service to their country at the hcd of the insurrectionary bands. But if their indepen dence is to be won this time, it is by Polish right arms that the work must be done : for though the sympathy with them in England Is universal, no one person with & namo hus ycr- proposed that wc should go to war on their belialt, and it is certain that our Government will confine itself to d:plo- matic efforts In their favour. The matter lias again been talked of in the House of Com mons, Lord Falmerston maintaining Iris position that the treaty ot Vienna gave us the right of inter vention, inasmuch as its provisions htul been vio lated by the Emperor of Russia, yet that it did not Impose It cn us as a duty, and gave the Pole no ground for claiming it at our hand; all that wa possible, he suid. In the way of friendly representa tion to tlip Emnwnr of ltim»1n R«fl fionn Hum ft was in course oi doing. Nor is help from Franco much moe probable, though there the feeling in favour of Poland is as universal as with us, aod much more enthusiastic. An important debate on the subject has taken place in the French Scunte, la which Prioce Napoleon made a warlike speech ; but he was replied to by the Minister, M Billault, that the fresh Insurrection could only bring fresh misfortunes, and that it was neither good, useful, nor humane to encourage it. The students got up demonstrations in honourot Prince Napoleon for his speech ; but Louis Napoleon has written a letter, published in the Moniteur identifying himself witli that of M. UitUult. If Louis Napoleon were a person whose word Is to be believed, this letter would settle the question as to the action of Franco; but' he is not. which is what Is meant when lie (« r.alloH mr«. tcrious anu lascrutable. As bus lately been well said ofhixn, he is the one capable rulorin Europe, but, un fortunately, he is capable of anything. It is obvious that at present he is pursuing Ills favourite conrsQ, and keeping matters in n condition which shall leave him the ontion of action or inaction. Just now it is believed that lie is trying to induce Austria to join him in sn attack on Russia ; If the Polos could be supplied with arras and money through Gallicia, and sup ported by an Austrian army in the south, a French army in the north would orobaMy Boon bring Uussla to reason, even though aided by Prussia; but Austria, though favourable to the independence of Poland, especially with an Austrian Grand Duke for king, and quite wilUog to do her utmost to spite Kusria, »8 yet in no condition io undertake a foreign war in whicli she has no direct interest, and I think it very unlikely that she will deviate from her recently re ported dete-mlnation to maintain neutrality. "I can understand," Is said to have been the Emperor of Austria's reply to the French suggestion of course if he uttered the words, it w.»s only as the mouthpiece of Iris government, the speech is far too good to emanate from a royal intellect I can un derstand power going to war to attain some par ticular end, as France did in 1859, but it lsnotbeex- pccted of Austria that she should liave recourse to anna in order that she may have the opportunity ol giving up a province" (Gallics). Diplomatists liave been immensely busy on the subject all the month and there have been special messengers, and visits of ministers, and circulars, and despatches, and notes, without end, but the probabilities seem to me strong that tbo poor Poles will get no assistance r.H1 1 Vestorn government, and that the peace of Europe wlllbcDreservoi bv leaving unRuttli»H— .tin. less the roles are more successful than we dare hope —one of those questions which, till it is sottled, must alvrayA render the peace of Europe insecure. There is comparatively nothing else or interest In European affairs. The lend log Orleanists in Paris, 3f. Thiers, M. Guizot, and a number of others, have had a meeting to discuss whether at last they should not toko tho ©ath of obedience to the constitution nnd fidelity to the Em peror, their reftisal to take which ins so long kept them out of public life, and it Is understood that the majority of tho»e present were in iavorof doing so. Of course this has given rise to a good deal of debate « to, the value of political oitUs, which surelv should be estimated at their true worth in France, if any where, and also as to whether t-.e chance of restoration of the Orleans family when Louis Nn- poleon departs will be improved or damaged by it. Ihe decision I take to be a wise one, from tho Orleanist point of view, fur no party can be other wise Umn injure tby its leaders absenting themselves from public life— thus these gentlemen can have but few adherents among the thousands who have arrived at mtnhood during the ten or twelve years of their retirement ; to therealizntlon of the dvmiriic dreams of Louis Napoleon this decision mny perhaps be an additional adverse element, but that is of slight conseoucace, for there were adverse elements enough in existence before to ensure the dispersion ofeuch mere dreams ? tho mo«t important result appears to me to be, that their presence in the Chambers, where from their character and ability they will provo a formidable opposition to thelm- " ir.iai Government, will present a nucleus round wh eh the i respectables or the middle class may rally, to the detriment of the republicans, who assuredly will make a dash tor power when the opportunity offers. in Prussia the Par- itamcnt and th King maintain their re»pectlvc SOBitions, but tho popular Indignation against tho overmnent has been deepened by the treaty with Russia about the Poles, and by the terms in which Irusaia is in consequence spoken of by the n\va- papers of Enelond and France. A deputation or the Chamben im< been up to the King witli a birth day address, and the old gentleman seems to have received them graciously, expressing iris hope that they should come to im agreement soon, and hi con- vietion .of the loyally of all classes of iris subjects, rroin Italy we hear of an- ther loan or twen-y-elght millions sterling, to meet a deficiency one hair at bast or which is due to the maintenance by the A«etftn ni »thCiPa,palxP?Wer in nome- Ca-dinal hrt&rih.t; '1.as1>tend,rc<i, "s resignation, in tliu safe r n t « P.C. woul11 not part with him, but lie 1 i 11 said, to iuive gained any advantage iiL,!1 «r ?«e-r his riTal M' de Mer<>de. Tfie Garibaldi is anything but satisfactory ; his H?in T?08 ar111! he 11 murtVr to rh-jumn- Jlfi J w,r.® K ta,Jc of hlB risking the mainland, es the raoiBt climate oi Caprcra is e m-idered unfavor able. Greece still remains Klnnless, but Lord Pal- meralon has not given up hopes of suppljig the de ficiency, and Iho limes ol this morning »nvs thtu u joung Danish prince has been fixed on ; meannhile, a party there seem to have got up a conspiracy for the restoration of Otho, for which the Bavarian i? the fun(18. but the Assembly dis- covered the plot, »ent the Consul about his business, onu prevented the outbreak. Th© only noticeable fact from 1 urkcy n, that a National Exhibition has been opened ut Constantinople, and attracts some 5000 visitors ia day. Their is nothing new as to the relations between Turkey and h-r provinces, but IitoSreS'n ' l,re 8"ld 10 preparing l'jr Pl'cre liave been no great military morcmonts in America tills month, but the usual number uf minor nicounters, with tho usuul variety of success. Vicksburg nor Charleston have yet been uttaokid : there wss a report :t week or two iwo that the attack on Vicksburg had commence), bnf, jf so, "r General Hooker i, said to hnvo remodelled the army of the 1'otomac, weeding it witli wn?»ie2n ?. . rdraL'torr elements wfilcli pre- vented any re-ults achieved nt ull commensu- rate with lis numerical power, and to be now on the P?'» ®,r advancing. But the most impar ant piece ? £ '' t'nee is ttie passing by largo majorities til both the benate snd ttie House of itepresent .tlvos of a Conscription Bill authorlsing the President, with ten days notice, to order a levy en masse of the whole male population between twenty and forty-lire years of age, not ex-'ept ng medical men, nor even clcrgyin-ii, nor indeed any body but the highest BUiteofitctiils. 1 bat ttds tremendous measure could never be carried out In its fulness, Vxcept unde? ?lw Cii8t8h'I 0 i Ori? gininva3ion,i8 01 course obvious, but tlmt such a body as the Congress should cutru»< such power to the hand, of the Uxcm.t re la a com. plete answer to those among "r'cl"'wJT1l'00 ! " talked so long and so loudly of the ? sltlon to the war. nnd the dislike and distrust of President Lincoln ; its purpose seems to to warn offKuropean interveni on, and, a . mod'Ocd me. to recruit the Northern armte, wlucn will bo materially thinned by Hie cxi'lrl"K in -'>l!'C ormonyof the existing cncag< mcnt'. But, wl do the North !r.3 Eivt-r, this astound! >«>»> termination to carry on the war to all extremities, there is no sign of giving way on the part of the South; and the only met, whatever it miy be worth, on which the friends of peace can icst their hopes is the ncrtei Increasing difficulty in procuring provi sions for the Southern armies. . Of home affairs the marriage of the Prince of Wales with the Princess Alexandra is, of ceursc, the most interesting. Londtn never before saw, and if not London certainly no other iimderti city, sucli a demonstration as welcomed the Princess ou her arrival. The procession, us a show, was by urn- versal consent poor enough, but the immense masses of people that crowded the Hrcets, and ineil the | windows and tops of all the hou.es, nnd occupied ev.ry point that commanded a vi ew, made n sight that no one who saw it will ever forget. 1 tie deco rations, too, wero on a much more extensive sc-lo than ever I law before. London bridge was espe cially good; it had banners slid portraits of tile Princess's forefathers alt along cm botli parapets, with tripods between them burning incense, unit the e was a very handsome triumphal arch at tho city end, and tho lings from house to house across the streets from the bridge to Temple Bar were so continuous as comol©triy to take off the ellcct ol being in the open air. But th© immense multitude ofpcojrie was the grand sight, and theirthoreuxh good temper was most noticoaSle — there wai evidently no thought that marred the pleasure to which they had resolved to give themselves up ; and well tlmt it was so, for the city police arrangements fairly broke down, and the procesion had to make its way as bc«t it could through the dense masses of people. Lord Alfred Paget, who was in attendance as equerry on the royri carriigc, gave a very amusing account to the House of Common of the passage through the city, and describe! his sensations on getting througli Ttmple Bar is similar to those which mutt be experienced by the arctic navigator who after having been beaten about among iceberg finds himself in clear water. The wedding went off satisfactorily at Windsor on the loth and you will have nodifficulty iu finding accounts of the c-remony sufficient to satisfy your most insatiate readers. The metropolitan illuminations exceeded all previous ex perience—exceeded indeed the power of the gas companies to supply efficiently— nnd the electric light was used to illuminate SI. Paul's and soma other public buildings, but it was not very sucee»s- ful. Some half dozen people lost thoir lives in tho crush this evening, but it has been proved at the inquests that nearly an inc victims nau uiuuam; the heart, or eome internal malady, and that death was rather accelerated riiau cnincd ty ths exciu- mcnt and pressure. The rejoicings were by no means couhncd to the mecropoli!1 — a'l over the csuntry the poor were feasted, and they had rustic 'ames, and fireworks, and bonfires. Altogether, the .udicious conduct of the Queen during her reign has made this marriage of her son a reason of popular rejoicing, in which all classes and parties willingly took par«. At Cork, indeed, they rlotuously objected to illuminate on the occa sion ; but in England there was no exception to the unanimous festivities. May the marriage of the next Prince of Wales go off as well I Our Parliamentary proceedings during the month have been very unin teresting, exoept when foreign affairs have occupied attention. The Chancellor "of the Exchequer U to make his financial statement on the 1 5th of April, borne of the Lancashire operative! haYe, I regret to siy, deviated sadly from the good behaviour for which thev have been so frequently and eo juitly praised. For some little time a dissatisfied spirit lias shown itself, and a few days ago the discontent broke out at Stalcybridge and Asliton into absolute riot The windows of houses of the relieving com mittee were broken, aud provision and clothing stores broken into and robbed. The nrill'ary had to be called out, but fortunately the disturoance 1ms ended without actual loss of life. This deplorable occurrence has naturally made every one look mors anxiously to the probabilities of setting these people to work again, nnd the prospect is anything but a satifaotory one. There fs no chance of our getting a supply of ootton from America; and hough wc shall be receiving mora year by year from India and other countries, this can be but a gradual incrcn«c. and not such a supply as would employ above half the people who were formc-Iy engaged in the cotton trade. Under these circumstances people arc rapidly coming to the conviction that it is no uso attempting to keep the body of operatives together in idleness, in order that they may be the spot when the trade recovers, and immigration as a resource is more and more favourably regarded. The Confederate Seven per cent. L3,000,nos cotton loan has been brought out in London and Paris at a fixed price of 90, with the option to the holder ot ex changing the bonds at pr for cotton at 6d per pound. It has met with great success in the Lon don market, where the applications have reached Ll5,000,00Q. At one time It had advanced as lrigh as 5 per cent premium. It is now quoted at I to premium. ConaoN, 52£ to 92 for cash, ani 92 to 92ft for ac count. Bank Discount, 14 per cent. Victorian, 6 per cent, B.nds, April and October, lllj to 112; Jan. and July, 1Q8 to HP, 