VICTORIA [Fromocr own Correspondent.! Melbourne, March 7. The Russian war screw corvette Bojatz liaB been visited by considerable numbers. Admiral Possaff visits the Theatre to-night. The markets are unchanged. Miss Rye's scheme of female immigration to Otago has proved a failure. J£rom the Telegraph. ] Mr. O'Shanassy stated in the Legislative Assembly last evening that the intercolonial Conference would be held during the present month. Mr. Loader's motion for the survey of the Riverine District is to have precedence of G-overnrnent business on Tuesday, in order that the opiuions of the House respecting the Riverine territory may be laid before the Conference. The weather was very sultry yesterday. Heavy rains fell during the night, and there were some thunderstorms. Commercial.—Some few shipping orders have been received, but otherwise business is quiet. Oats are in steady demand at full rates. Flour is moving off, chiefly for New Zealand and Sydney. [From our own Correspondent.! Melbourne, March 9. Twenty thousand bushels of oats have arrived from New York, and 3,000 from Scot land. These shipments have depressed the markets. The market continues steady. Butter is declining. The weather is fine. Grass feed is now abundant. The messenger of the Oriental Bank has obtained a verdict, with £425 damages, for injuries sustained in the late collision on the Government railway. Perry, the Official Assignee, has been apprehended fcr fraudulently appropriating £1,100 of an insolvent estate. He has been admitted to bail in £3,000. f From the Telegraph.} The Havilah is taken off the Adelaide line and goes to Launceston. The Aldinga has been launched from the patent slip in splendid order, and sails for New Zealand to-morrow, and for Adelaide from Melbourne on the 27th. The action for libel, commenced by Dr. Macadam, the Hon. Secretary of the Explora tion Committee, against the Melbourne Argus for having represented him as being helplessly drunk at the coffining of Burke and Wills's remains, has been settled. The Argus pro prietors have withdrawn their plea of justifica tion, and have apologized to Dr. Macadam in the columns of the paper. They have also consented to a verdict of AOs. damages, and to pay all costs. They admit that since the article complained of was published the infor mation on which it was based has been found to have been incorrect. His Excellency the Governor retires to the country districts for four or five weeks to re cruit his health. Commercial.—Business dull. Sugar firm. The advance on crystals has beeu sustained on recent sales. Bacon and hams are in active demand. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, March 10. In the Assembly, Mr. Duffy said it was in tended again to proclaim some agricultural areas open for selection, should the demand for them arise. The Electoral Act has passed tlirongh Com mittee. Mr. O'Shanassy intimated that it was not the intention of the Government to reject the electoral boundaries. A meeting is to be held to-night at St. George's Hail to review the conduct of the Ministry. The markets are steady. Sugars advancing. At auction to-day crystals sold at £37 to £40, being an advance of £2 over last week. It is raining throughout the colony. Alarm is excited by the appearance of scab in the Western Districts of New South Wales. Melbourne, March 11. In the Assembly the Local Government Bill was recommitted; the qualification was reduced to £23 of rateable property. Ashford, a bookkeeper at Harris & Hey man's, is committed for trial for embezzle ment. The markets are steady. Cornsacks, 183. 6d. The weather is still showery. Tasmanian papers to hand complain of the rush to Sew Zealand. Calcutta advices state that six ships are loading for the colonies. Lawrance's Corn Market report advises a good business in wheat and flour at steady prices. The exports of the latter exceed the imports. Feeding oats are less active, owing to the arrival of 22,000 bushels of American from New York, and 4,000 bushels of Danish from Leith. Seed oats are, however, in good request. Barley is unchanged. The supplies of bran are unequal to the demand. There is a fall of £2 a ton in potatoes and onions. The Port Phillip Farmers' Society's Show is fixed for the 22nd instant. [From the'Tclcgraph.] A Select Committee of the Assembly has been appointed to enquire into the best method of securing the traffic of the riverine districts for the Victorian railway. At a public meeting held yesterday at St. George's Hall, the action of the Ministry respecting the Common Schools Bill, the Elec toral Bill, and the Real Property Laws was condemned; 1,300 persons were present. Mr. A. J. Solomon has engaged a theatrical company for Adelaide, to open at the Victoria Theatre on the 23rd. Several stars were also under engagement with Mr. Solomon. Commercial.—The business of the week opened quietly, and is still generally dull. Fifty tons pig-iron sold at £3 12s. fid. per ton. Dried apples, 5Jd., in bond. 1,000 cases kerosine, Cosen's brand, have been sold at 3s. 9d. Levy & Sons sold assorted tobaccos, 2s. 4d. to 2s. lid., in bond. 7,500 bagB Mauritius sugars, ex Eclipse, have been sold by auction at good prices—crystals, £37 to £40; brewing, £33 15s. to £34. [From our own Correspondent. J Melbourne, March 12. The entries for the Turf Handicap are Grey Dawn, Paul Pry, Modesty, Falcon, Buzzard, Ebor, Nun, Tory Boy, and Miss Lucy; for the Mayor's Cup, Grey Dawn, Paul Pry, Sorcerer, Falcon, Lucy, Buzzard, Musidora, Nun, Tory Boy, and Flatcatcher. The Polytechnic Institution reopens on Tuesday, There has been a meeting of the Opposition, but nothing was done. The Government have also mustered their forces. Tuesday next will be observed as a general holiday, as a review takes place. [Frcmuthe Telegraph.] The Local Government Bill passed Com mittee in the Legislative Assembly last night". A man named J%lm Pritebard has been ar rested, and lodged in gaol at Beech worth, for the murder of Jobn Sunn, a miner, at the Jordan diggings. Commercial.—BilBiness is' improving, and more trade doing. Auction sales maintain a considerable advance on prices. Fraser and Cohen sold Stewart's whisky at lis. to 14s. 6d.; Woolfs schnapps, 35?. 61.; 11 artel IV pale brandy, 12s. 63.. Lennox's tobacco, tens, 2s. 3d. Melbourne, March 13. To-day Mr. O'Slsanaesy will move the adjournment of the Assembly until Wednes day next., in consequence of Tuesday next being Sr. Patrick's Day. Commercial.—2,000 ■ packages tea sold by auction. Common to ordinary congoos realized Is. 6d to Is. 103. Scented orange pekoe, 2s 3id.; gunpowder, Is. 9£d- to 2s. 6d per lb. Oats are worth 6s. per bushel; wheat 4s. 9d.; butter, Is. 3d. 