LATEST TELEGRAM (VIA SUEZ.) LONDON, Arran 2, 4.40 LM. A debate has taken place in the House ? of Lords on American affairs. Lord Campbell advocated the recognition of the Southern Confederacy. Earl Russell advocated perfect neutrality. The Polish insurrection is virtually ended. Prince William of Denmark has been proclaimed king of Greece. Tlinrn {o "r.H.;.,~ -f farmers is nothing of importance in the American news. Galveston has been attacked unsuccessfully. Lord Palmerston has been handsomely feted in Scotland, and installed as Lord Rector of the University of Glasgow. He has received the freedom of the city of Edinburgh. He visited Greenock. His various speeches were masterly. Prince Alfred has arrived at Windsor. Revenue [Increase ?], one million. Departures.'-Cossipore and Kangaroo. The following is the letter of our London correspondent :- LONDON, MAiton HO. Well, we have had our carnival. Thin whole nation has been en late during a conslderable portion of the month. The most sober, sensible, matter-of-fact people on the faces of the earth, have, to the utter bewilderment of foreigners, given themselves up to a round - of howlings and rejoicings without parallel in English history. Shopkucping, for a season, has been neglected for spectacles. The liant and exacting claims of commerce have for once relaxed before the charms of a royal bridal. A young girl was coming here from Denmark to marry a young man-as odo snarling writer sardonically puts it Where upon the whole empire abandoned itself to enthusiasm, the press full into hysterical fits of loyalty, and all who are accustomed to wield the pen of the roddy writer, indulged in ominous strains of extravagant eulogy. Nor is there anything to be ashamed of all this. Like mercy, this exuberant joy and demonstrative loyalty, is twice blessed ; whilst honouring the Royal house which has so deeply endeared itself to all classes of subjects, it has benefited the nation's heart; by gratifying its generous impulses, and JOking some of its purest sympathies. The tide of joyous homage has rolled through the i ! I whole land, j- From cities, towns, villages, hamlets, andjcircumjacent isles, have come up sounds of gladness and benediction. AU Tanks, from the counsellors of the Crown and the merchant princes on our exchanges, to the B'rect-sweeper in the town, the ploughman in the country and the pauper in the work- house, have participated in the jubila- tion and festivities of the occasion. Never before was there such a wedding keeping in Old England; and never before has our metropolis, in the long historic line of its spectacles, ceremonials, and fetes, witnessed such a pageant as that which lined its streets on the 7th Inst" or exhibited such illumina- tions and flaming wonders as those which transfigured and glorified its miles upon miles of edifices on W night of the 10th. The reception of Saturday was a magnificent success. The welcome accorded to the Princess was triumphant, full of touching and passionate earnestness. She came, she saw, and she conquered. All hearts were captivated with her simple beauty and genuine graciousness. " How beautiful she is I" " How like an English girl!" were the delighted comments which I suppose to all lips as the fair stranger passed by. She has a face far more lovely and expressive than any of the photographs would lead us to suppose. Many of these which appear in our shop windows, and which have probably long ago reached the cities of the antipodes, are atrocious libels upon her appearance. The multitudes, who were privileged to obtain a near view of her person during the seven mile procession, have borne away with them an impression of her winning and gracious manner which will, for years to come, sweeten loyalty into personal admiration and affectionate regard. But other elements besides the charms of this far Saxon girl contributed to the success of the ovation and most conspicuous among these was the royal manner in which she played i her most difficult part. Upon this point the verdict is unanimous and unmistakable. It is admitted on every hand that she could not have demanded herself more worthily if her whole life had been a preparation for that great hour. Seldom, if ever, has any one of nor ses and Age been exposed to the concentrated gaze of so many human beings in a single day ; yet through this trying ordeal she so passed as to win golden opinions and laudatory words from all. The reception accorded, to the so called Danish Princess, accordingly, was as unanimous, enthusiastic, and demonstrative, as is expressed in the following " Welcome from the pen of the Poet Laureate : Sea-kings' daughter from over the bow, Alexandra ! Saxon and Norman and Dane are we. But all of us Danes in our welcome of thee. ( Alexandra ! Welcome her, thunders of fort and of fleet! Welcome her, thundering cheer of the street I Welcome her, all things youthful and sweet, Scatter the blossom under her feet I Break, happy land, into earlier flowers 1 Woko music, O bird, in the now-budded bowers ! Welcome her, welcome her, all that is ours Warble O bugle, and trumpet Maro ! Flags, flutter out, upon turrets and towers ! Flames on the windy headland flare ! Utter your jubilee, steeple and spire ! Clash, ye bells, in the merry March air ! Flash, ye sales, in rivers of fire ! Welcome her, welcome the land's desire, " . Alexandra! Sea kings daughter as happy as fair, Blissful bride of a blissful heir, Bride of the heir of the kings of the Boa, 0 Joy to the people and joy to the throne, Come trains, fore us, and make us your own For Saxon, or Dane, or Norman we, Teuton or Celt, or wliatovorwe so, We arofeaohall Danes in our welcome of thee, I' " Alexandra ! The arrest glorious fact in connexion with this manifestation is, that it was perfectly spontaneous. It was not done to order; nor even got; up at official prompting. It was an exuberant' outburst of a nation's pent-up loyalty ? So far from receiving assistance in its celebrations, the people had to contend against official apathy and obstructiveness. It seemed as though the authorities dreaded a monster demonstration. The Government did nothing to promote the brilliancy of the spectacle of the grandeur of the cortege ; no orders were issued, no active encouragement given, and no arrangements were made to stimulate the ardour of the popular desire to reader's worthy welcome to the pride of our future king. The Cabinet positively refused, in the teeth of public opinion, emphatically expressed. to make Tuesday the 10th a legal holiday, thereby necessitating the opening of the banks on the wedding day. The Court, moreover, contributed nothing to the pomp of the pageant. The few Royal carriages were wretched affairs, the very dregs of the ill-appointed Royal mews. The Princess's equipage was drawn by four horses, whereas the public looked for six. Neither the liveries nor the harness were now, nor were the horses matched either in colour or figure. It was remarked, with an under- current of discontent, and almost disgust, that the royal servants all wore crape on their arms crape in a bridal procession ! everybody thought it in execrably bad taste. Then there was an untoward quarrel between the Horn 3 Office-and the City Corporation on a point of precedence, which threatened for a time to mar the entire affair. Sir George Grey assigned i to the Corporation of London quite a subordinate position in the cavalcade. Instead of receiving the Royal guests at London Bridge, and escorting them through the city, in accordance with an precedent and traditional custom, it was arranged that the Prince and Princess, with their suite, should go first, and that the Corporation should follow. The object of this insulting proposal was, that the Princess might be made to scamper through London at a hand gallop. The Corporation rebelled, and threatened. After expending nearly £40,000 with the view of insuring to the royal bride a befitting welcome, it displayed unutterable baseness the part of the State authorities to attempt to invade on such an occasion the ancient usages of the city corporation, or to abridge the privileges of the public. The community at large sided with the magnates of the Mansion-house and after several conferences the matter was com- promised, by the civic authorities consenting to quit the procession east of Temple Bar, thus rendering the cortege throughout all its western course meagre and mean in the extreme. Such were some of the impediments to the success of the great nuptial demonstration Officialism, with marvellous stupidity and wrongheadedness, did its best to spoil the ovation, but, happily, it signally failed. The patriotism, ardour, and homage of the people triumphed, and produced such a pageant as this country, and perhaps no country, has ever exhibited before. Whence this result? How is it that, in the' absence of all official goading, In spite of the wet blanket of the state authorities, and a most beggarly display of mere upholstery by the Court, there was such a mighty outburst of popular enthusiasm ? Many of our journalists have exercised their ingenuity in endeavouring to analyze the sources of this exuberance of sentiment, and the enormous outlay of money and time by which the foot- ing of loyalty has found practical expression. The metropolis alone, besides sacrificing the gains of nearly a week's business, expended. it is calculated, in decorations, triumphal arches, temporary erections for the accommodation of spectators along the line of the procession, flags, banners, devices, illumina- tions, and fireworks, not far short of half a million sterling. Fabulous sums were demanded and given for a seat or standing-place in the route of the Princess. Messrs. Dakin and Co., of No 4 St. Paul's Churchyard. not their floors for £900, and some members of the Rothschild family paid £250 for a few windows in-the same neighbourhood. On the evening of the wedding, the omnibuses which under- took to afford a view of the illuminations fixed the fares at 10s. and 10s. and similar facts, illustrative of the abandon of the people, Blight be indefinitely multiplied. Well, one of the main springs of this sudden and unusual demonstrativeness is undoubtedly a deep feeling of gratitude to the Queen for her blameless life as a wife and a mother. It was a manifestation of the nation's approbation of the home virtues and domestic affections which have so long rendered the Royal family a model for every subject household. The heart of the people has been drawn increasingly year by year into closer personal attach- ment to Her Majesty, the Prince Consort, and their children. The sudden death of Prince Albert, and the anguish and desolation of the Royallwidow, deepened a feeling of respect and admiration into tender sympathy. The marriage of the Princess Royal contributed materially to strengthen the ties of endearment. The union of the Princess Alice with the Prince of Hesse followed so close upon the funeral of her father, and was so strictly private, that lively and deep as was the interest taken by the country in the event, and fervent as were their good wishes for her happiness, they were precluded from giving ado Musto expression to their feelings. At last, however, the opportunity arrived when the *" nation could) utter forth all that was indeed a heart.' When it became known that Her 1 Majesty's eldest son, the heir apparent to the British throne, had fixed his affections on a Danish princess, qualified in every; respect to share with him his exalted station, the long pent-up emotions of the British people forced themselves to the surface. The entry of the Royal bride into London, and her pr>- ! grass through it on her way to Windsor, fur- [ wished a fitting occasion for the ebullition of that extraordinary display of feeling which was witnessed throughout the whole country on the ever-memorable 7th and 10th of March, 1863. Few persons, perhaps, could have accounted off-hand for the remarkable and absorbing interest they took in this mar- riage an interest greatlycxeeedingfch at which was evoked by the wedding of Victoria herself ; fewer, still, probably, would be disposed, on reflection, to deny that affectionate regard for Her Majesty, long suppressed by the severe affliction with which she has been visited, was the main source from which welled up that flood of spontaneous loyalty which is without parallel or precedent in modern times. There were many accessories to this main current. The youth, the rank; the expecta- tions of the Royal couple, as one writer has Justly remarked, heightened the pleasure taken in their union. It was a love-match no cold, heartless affair of state-craft-and-a knowledge of this fact awakened sympathy and enthusiasm. The tidings which had reached us of the beauty, the fascinating sweetness, the intellectual endowments, the moral excellencies, and the blended affability and stateliness of the Royal bride, enhanced the desire of the public to welcome her to her English home. Nor were their good wishes for the Prince checked by any unpleasant reminiscence growing out of This Hitherto brief career. The careful training he had received under the, direction of his father, the manner in which he represented his Royal mother in his tour through Canada and the United States, and the in- terest he evinced in his travels through. 1 Southern Europe and Palestine, combine! with the modesty and dignity of his bearing in public, all contributed to augment the affection which was felt towards him for his parents' sake. The thought was present to all that, in the ordinary course of nature, he was destined to ascend the British throne and that, therefore, the tenour of his life, and the form in which his character shall develops itself, will more or less affect, for good or for i evil, the lives of his future subjects. To see I am settled, suitably and happily, in the dawn of his manhood, and brought before contact With the world and the insidious influence of tempting parasites had brushed off the bloom of his virtues, within the holy atmosphere of wife and home, is a great satisfaction to the inhabitants of the realm over which he will be one day called to preside. All these considerations have tended to impart warmth and strength to the sentiment called forth by his suspicious wedding, and go far to account for the unwonted commotion which has stirred the country's life to its uttermost depths. Thus much of explanation in relation to the most striking phenomenon of our month's domestic history seemed due to our kith and kin on the other side of the world. Our Australian fellow subjects, I know, yield not to the most loyal in these isles in the warmth of their devotion to the Royal house, which is so intimately associated with the greatness and glory of our empire. The vivid pulsations of British joy will thrill through every colonial heart ; the resonant wave of Old England's loyalty will bear on every Australian shore ; the multitudinous shout which has gone up from all the densely-peopled cities and towns of the fatherland will, I am certain, awaken responsive echoes in Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, and the other centres of colonial population. The mighty throb of enthusiasm for the heir and heiress of the British throne which has lately moved our metropolis will send its electric currents to the extremities of I Queen Victoria's empire. This anticipated interest in what has so deeply interested in must be my excuse for condensing from the copious and highly decorated descriptions in the English papers, a scanty outline of the | proceedings on the day of the procession, and the day of the wedding. rnoGBEss or the princess alexandra, pbok DENMARK. It was on the last Australian mail day SGth February-that the " Rose of Denmark " left Copenhagen for a new home among strangers. The whole country was moved by the event. From the very extremes of Dan mark the people flocked in crowds on the road to bid their Princess a last farewell, and i to offer sincere wishes for the happiness of l her future life. The Royal cortege started from the palace of Prince Christian at three o'clock in the afternoon, amidst the firing of salutes. As the procession moved along to the railway station, the town resounded with incessant cheers, while bouquets of flowers were thrown by handfuls from every story of the houses, the windows of which were filled with ladies in full dress. On the steps of the railway station a double row of Danish damsels scattered flowers at the feet of the Princess; and in the waiting-room, the august travellers were received by all the Ministers, the great dignitaries of state, the magistrates, the delegates of the municipality of Copenhagen, and by a brilliant assembly of the notabilities of good society. Amidst Strains of music and hearty bexdsons, the Royal party left. All along the railway the country people had collected to render their simple homage of devotion, and to breathe their cordial adieus. All the stations- were decorated with flowers and garlands, and everywhere there was the most touching unanimity of feeling. At the town of Forster. at the extreme limit of Zetland, an imposing farewell ceremonial took place ; speeches were read, cannon fired, bouquets of rockets let off, Orpheonist bands played, and acclamations rent the air, until the gentle fiancee was touched to tears. The august traveller! then embarked on board the Royal steamer. the Slesvig, where, before its departure, a splendid dinner was served, the quay all the time being crowded with people, who were anxious to was the last farewells to their Princess on quitting the principal island of Denmark. On the afternoon of the 27th, the travellers disembarked at Kiel, the port of Holstein, where the demonstrations were has universal, owing probably to adverse political feelings. From Hamburg to Hanover, from Hanover to Cj logno, from Cologne to Brussels, and from Brussels to Antwerp, where the Princess embarked for England, her progress was a continued series of ovations. Kings and queens, princes and statesmen, ambassadors and consuls, everywhere flocked around her steps, offered their congratulations, and bestowed their costly presents. The Princess, who was accompanied by her father and mother, two sisters and two brothers, was met at Antwerp by General Grey and Colonel Seymour, specially commissioned by Queen Victoria to escort the fair bride to England, these Court officials having performed the same office when the late Prince Consort came to England. The weather up to this time had been magnificent, and arrangements had been made For spending a day among the sights of that fine old city ; but a telegram came from Admiral Fitzroy, warm ng those whom it might concern that a gale was approaching, and another from the Admiralty that not an hour's delay in the passage to England should take place 3. These instructions were imperative, and at two o'clock the Royal party embarked on board the Victoria and Albert, and reached Flushing about five p.m. Without stopping here, the yacht, accompanied by the Osborne and Irene, after receiving a royal salute from the fort, steamed down the Scheldt, and put out to sea. It was a glorious night, the waters glistening with silvery lustre in the light of the full moon. About nine o'clock, the yachts came up with the magnificent iron-clads, true JKovongo and Warrior, sent to escort them. Then, " for miles the glare of light, as of some mighty conflagration, spread over the sea. and showers of rockets from every ship lit up the sky." Between eleven and twelve the squadron came safely to anchor in Margate Roads. The news soon spread, and the people of Margate, proud of being the first to welcome the Princess, met early in the morning to draw up an address, which the corporation obtained permission to present to Her Royal Highness. The morning was bright and beautiful the shimmering sea was soon alive with boats, and the air was vocal with cheering. The salutations that thundered from the war-ships might have been matter of Governmental arrangement, but not so the spontaneous welcomes shouted by the people. About two o'clock, the civic authorities proceeded to the Royal yacht, where they were ushered into the state cabin. "No member of that favoured little company says the chronicler, " will ever forget the winning grace, the indescribable charm of manner, of the Danish lady, as she received the English greeting and made acquaintance with her future people." But during this ceremonial the weather had begun to change. The men of science had been right in their prognostications after all. A south-wester got up, the air crew chill, and squalls of rain come on. As the squadron left its anchorage and proceeded to the Nero, the wild and angry appearance of the Wft contrasted strongly with. the delightful calm either previous day and night. The Nore was reached shortly after five o'clock, and, as soon as darkness set in, there was a brilliant illumination on the beach at Sheerness, the word '"Welcome being displayed in gigantic letters, formal with blue lights, which could he distinctly seen from the Royal yacht. There was also a torchlight procession, accompanied by military bands, and several large bonfires wer j handled. along the shore. The Warrior was also illuminated. Thus closed the day which preceded the entrance of the Princess Alexandra upon her public life in England. THE LANDING AND RECEPTION. Contrary to the forebodings of everybody, Saturday morning broke bright and clear. and all traces of the previous night's bad weather had disappeared. At an early hour the squadron was surrounded by a host of small craft bearing crowds of eager people, and gaily dressed with flags of all sorts. Shortly after ten o'clock, the anchor, of the Royal yacht was upheaved and she steamed through the fleet, amidst salvos of artillery and the manning of the yards. It was just twenty minutes past eleven the noble vessel, with her companion ships, arrive 1 opposite to Gravesend, the scene of the landing. At this point, the spectacle on the river was most exciting. Coming ' down from London was a fleet of steamers laden until their decks were hidden with the hum a freight. Others, which had started earlier, had joined the Royal yacht below, and were now hovering about her. The Black Eagle, with the Lords of the Admiralty, had left Woolwich early, and was there just above the Terrace Pier, trim and neat. At anchor above the pier lay the Racoon, one mass of flags from truck to deck, and from stem to stern. Be low the pier was the Emerald, also covered with flags ; while hovering around were gun- boats manned by the Naval Reserve. Scattered among these larger craft were scores of boats, each one with a flag, and laden with passengers. These small fry seemed to multiply every minute, and dancing on every swell caused by the steamboats, contributed greatly to the animation of the scene. -through such a spectacle as this it was that the Royal yacht had to make its way. After the firing of the first salute, the bar of the Black Eagle received the Lords of the Admiralty, and bore them to the Victoria and Albert, which they boarded, and were presented to the Princess. i By this time the yacht had been brought up alongside the Terrace Pier, it being then half past eleven o'clock. Instantly all classes of craft came up, until a regular blockade was effected. The Princess stood upon the quarter- deck, bowing her acknowledgements to the cheers which rose from every throat. She was evidently gratified with the display of strength before Tier, and the cordiality of the welcome she was receiving. At last a gun boat forced its way in so as to act as a barrier against the beleaguering fleet. In doing so, however, she carried away the wheel or one of the river steamers, which quite disabled it for a season. At this juncture, the approach of the Prince of Wales was announced. He had arrived at the Gravesend station at twenty-five minutes to twelve, and after receiving an address from the corporation, hastened down the pier, amidst the enthusiastic greetings of the company, to welcome his bride. Every eye was strained to catch a glimpse of the meeting of the Royal lovers. General Grey had gone on board, and apprised Her Royal Highness that the Prince was close at hand. The Princess immediately arose, and awaited at the door of the state j cabin the arrival of His Royal Highness. Th interesting scene which followed is thus described by thepoetio./lií'eCTíiJM*:--"With quick, almost impatient step, the Prince proceeds to the doors of the cabin, and then, taking his charming bride by the hand, and holding her hand in his he kissed her with all the fervour and heartiness of a youthful lover. This natural and wholly unaffected mode of salutation was seen by hundreds. The one touch of nature' made Prince and people kin and the hundreds who witnessed it cheered more lustily than ever, and some Stalwart voices cried 'Bravo!' The women whispered the little fact from one to the other, for they felt that the rule with respect to kissing and telling did not apply to this case; and that they approved of it, thought it highly proper, and such as under similar circumstances, they would themselves expect, was evident from the waving of handkerchiefs that followed. The Prince was introduced to the father, mother, andsistereof thebride.andtheiUustriousparty proceeded below to take some refreshments. General Grey brought the little sister of the Princess up the gangway on the pier to show to her the very charming effect of the decorations, which were then complete. Immediately afterwards the mother and sister of the Princess Alexandra were also conducted ashore to witness the preparations. A prettier sight has seldom been witnessed than that which the pier at this moment presented. On each side of the pier were seated four tiers of ladies and gentlemen, the varied hues of whose dresses formed two banks of varied and beautiful colour. The back was draped with flags, and small pointed banners, principally red and white, hung at the sides and from the centre of the roof. There were long garlands of blue and white roses, which drooped in festoons through the entire length of the pier ; larger festoons of red and white roses and violets, and white roses crossed and intersected at the upper and lower ends. The whole combining very successfully simplicity of detail with agreeable harmony of colour, and having the lightness, and almost the elegance, of old room decoration." Along this festooned, garlanded, and ban- hered way, at twenty minutes past twelve, the happy couple began to pass. Living picture! lined the bowery avenue, conspicuous among which were sixty young ladies, gracefully attired, who were elected to represent to the fair maid of Denmark the fair maids of Kent, and to scatter flowers in the pathway of the bride. As soon as the landing was effected, the Bishop of Rochester presented the Prince of Wales with copies of prayers which had been prepared for the occasion ; the Recorder presented to the Princess an appropriate address; and then Mrs. Sams, the mayoress, proffered to Her Royal Highness a beautiful bouquet holder, filled with choice flowers. It was in the form of a cornucopia, ornamented with the arms of England and Denmark, supported by Prince of Wales's feathers, issuing from a gold crown set with sapphires, and th : gold work was enriched with pink coral and pearl illustrative of the Danish colours. Another pleasing incident occurred shortly after the Royal pair entered their carriage. The cortege was scarcely in motion when the Prince and Princess drew up before a splendidly decorated tent, in which were gathered the Danish residents in London. Vom ladies stepped out on a platform, and presented an ode composed for the occasion in the Danish language, magnificently bound in red velvet, with the cross of the Dannebrog in gold on a white silk cushion. On again went the royal party, through Harmer-street, with ringing acclama- tions bursting from the hearts as well as from the lips of the mighty host assemblages, amidst a chorus of fervent benedictions, that were given with a visible warmth of emotion that attested their sincerity; on, with waving" of hats and handkerchiefs; on, under bright green garlands, fluttering festoons, and floral welcomes, with no pause in the acclamations and no check to the enthusiasm, till at length the railway was reached. Here a new surprise awaited the bride elect. The station had been most elaborately and exquisitely decorated. Every column was twined with garlands, and the roof draped with festoons. The floors were covered with scarlet cloth, and the reception-rooms richly fitted ; while, to embellish all, Lord Dartmouth had seat the choicest plants? from his conservatories, so that the whole place looked like a flower show, and one, too, of no ordinary size and merit. After a hurried inspection of the decorations, the illustrious pair were conducted to the saloon carriage specially prepared for their transit. The speed of the engine was so regulated that the train passed at little more than eight miles an hour through the chief stations between Gravesend and London. These were all thronged with crowds of visitors, and many were lined with guards of honour. A Royal salute was fired from the high, picturesque ridges of Bostock hiM, feuds joie were sputtering out irregularly from little hamlets, and the peasantry in the Kentish meadows had stuck flags on the haystacks ; again a Royal salute was fired at Woolwich Arsenal, and yet another at the dockyard ; the crowds grew more and more dense as the train came nearer London, swept slowly through New Cross, which seemed alive with people, and then shot quickly down into the metropolitan ¡ station at Bricklayers' Arms. moaEEss ranouaH london. This station being the point at which the Princess was to commence her public entry into the capital of her adopted country, the preparations made there for her reception were upon a scale of becoming magnificence. Although a goods station, of unusually heavy and unpicturesque aspect, it had been converted into a perfect triumph of decorative art. Both the interior and the exterior were dressed in the gayest holiday fashion. Acres of laurel, harbour where, yew, and holly, profusely interspersed with red and white roses, were entwined with the rafters and tie- beams! of the roof; while from the divisions of the framework of the ceiling hung the flags of all nations. The entire platform, some 200 yards j in length, was covered with crimson cloth and rich carpet, and the side wall was tastefully adorned with statues, trophies of han '. lien; and spears alternating with tall rhododendrons and other choice shrubs in full blossom Tiers of sloping benches, similarly ora- J mented, had been erected for the accommodation of 700 spectators, while within the rj ! ception room raised seats were provided for more highly privileged individuals. A smaller . saloon was specially decorated and furnished for the royal party, where they partook of a dejeuner. The train arrived at the station a; j twenty minutes to two. Here, again, Her Royal Highness, all smiling and gracious, had to pass through the ordeal of congratulatory j addresses, bouquets of flowers; and enthus( astic greetings. The Princess wore a white a' bonnet, a purple velvet cloak, trimmed with a . sable fur, and a silver-grey silk dress As th > i 1 pair took their departure, after a slight rain | freshment, the spectators rose as masse, and ' applauded with' increased fervour Passing out to the front of the booking office, an open a carriage, with attendants clad in scarlet and I Hue livery, with mourning bands round their arms, was drawn up to receive them. Having taken their seats, amid the vehement accla- : mations of the concourse occupying the quad- | I range and perched high upon every adjacent house-tops, the Prince and Princess drove off [ slowly, preceded by the other five carriages t I composing the Royal cortege and thus com- [ menced the procession, which was four hours I I in struggling through the congested thorough fares of the metropolis. At this point, the j cavalcade was joined by the Lord Lieutenant T of Surrey, the members for the county and borough, the high bailiff, the Lord Mayor ; and Sheriffs, and their retinue, who headed j the procession. Justos the cavalcade passed under the first ( triumphal arch, amid the tremendous shouts of the populace, mingled with alternate strains of the English and Danish national anthems, j the t> weather, which had hitherto been most i propitious, changed, and a heavy shower of j I rain began to fall. So smart was it for a few I I moments, that the Royal party had to seek shelter under their umbrellas. This incident vexed the multitudes not a little ; but, happily, the untoward rain ceased in a few minutes, and with the clearing skies Returned unclouded brightness to countless faces. The road along the route of the Royal procession was one mass of human beings, crammed into every available space, from the kerbstone to the roofs of the houses. Wherever there was a piece of ground in front of a house, seats were erected covered with crimson, and decorated with white and red flowers and Prince of Wales's feathers. The trades- men along the line, in numerous instances, had flags flying, and in many parts flags, wreaths of flowers, and bannerets spanned the road. The Great Dover-road presented a very animated appearance, and great enthusiasm, was manifested as the carriages passed along; to the station to meet the Royal couple. At St. George's Church, the crowd was immense, and the flags from the steeple and other parts of the sacred edifice floated gaily in the breeze. About 100 yards from St. George's Church, in the widest part of High-street, Borough, rose a magnificent triumphal arch, entirely spanning the road, and rising to a height of about fifty feet. It was constructed so as to give the appearance of three arches, surmounted by an enriched cornice. The procession at length reached the foot of Lon- don bridge, where a much more splendid, but not more enthusiastic, spectacle awaited it. London-bridge presented an appearance wholly novel in the manner of its ornamentation. Out of compliment to the nation of the Princess, the parapets were ornamented! with statues of the Kings of Denmark from the earliest period, including that of the present reigning Sovereign, affixed to Danish standards some thirty feet high, and which, in turn, were surmounted by gilt figures of rail ears and elephants-the national emblems. Be tween the standards, tripods were placed, from which burning incense arose. At the south and north approaches to the bridge, elegant pedestals were erected, bearing statues of Fame, surrounded by Danish warriors, holding the " Dannebrog," or national flag. In the several recesses along the parapets smaller pedestals were arranged in a similar style of ornamentation. producing on the whole a very pleasing effect. in the northern side of Adelaide-place, at the: entrance to King William- street, an imposing triumphal arch, about sixty feet high, as L supported by sixteen Corinthian columns, had been constructed, on the south side of which, fronting the Borough, and in the centre, immediately over the carriage-way, were placed the united arms of England and Denmark, right and left, and over the footways medallions of the Prince and Princess. The columns were surmounted with the statues of four eminent Danes -Saxo Grammaticus ; Holberg', the poet; Thorwaldsen, the sculptor; and Joe!, the painter. In the pediment, and in gilt letters, appeared the following lines, slightly adapted from Shakespeare's "Tem- pest : " Honour, riches, marriage, blessing, Long continuance and increasing ; Hourly to; the still upon you, England showers her blessings on you. A painting beneath represented Britannia, surrounded with sea gods and goddesses, escorting the Princess Alexandra to the shores of England. The pediment was surmounted by another representation of Britannia, and on either side recumbent figures of Fame heralding the approach of the Princess. A portrait of Queen Victoria, within a wreath of laurel, and with a crown above, supported by figures symbolical of Wisdom and Strength, adorned the northern front of the arch. The eight Corinthian columns on that side of the trophy supported four statues of Fame, and above the footway the Royal arms of England, with those of Denmark, were displayed. The shipping on the Thames and the little passenger steamers were all profusely decked for the occasion, and flags floated from buildings on either side of the river, right and left of the bridge, as far as the eye could reach. Every conceivable place commanding a view of the spectacle at that point swarmed with specta- tors-even the cage at the top of the Monu- ment. Owing to the density of the crowd in the immediate neighbourhood of London Bridge, the procession was brought to a dead-lock just as the carriage of the Princess had reached the centre of the bridge, and was detained in that position nearly half an hour. The crushing and the shrieking of females are described as terrific, and serious apprehensions were entertained of a great sacrifice of life. This, however, had as it was, does not bear comparison with the tremendous pressure and excitement in front of the Mansion house, in the open space there, where four great thoroughfares and many subsidiary ones all converge, enormous throngs had congregated; which had been continually augmenting from ten in the morning. unaided I the crowd in the streets, every window, roof, and balcony commanding a view of that part of the route swarmed with spectators. On the sloping pediment of the Royal Exchange among the towers of the Bank of England about the square turret of the little church of St. Mildred, in the Poultry, people clustered like bees. Others had mounted the Wellington statue. It was to this point, perhaps above all others, that the multitude tended and accordingly, adequate arrangements ought to have been made by the city authorities to prevent all dangerous pressure, and keep open a line for the procession. This obvious duty however, they utterly failed to fulfil. Tin! city portion was the worst managed in the whole line of route. The metropolitan police authorities offered their assistance within the civic limits, and the Commander-in-chief placed the cavalry from Aldershot at the disposal of the city but both offers werodecllnoJ, through a reprehensible feeling of jealous independence. In the review of the disasters which were narrowly escaped, the perversity of the Corporation has been strongly rebuked in both Houses of Parliament, and a motion has been made to incorporate the city police with the metropolitan, so that for the future the whole police force may be subject to one jurisdiction. Of course this measure will be stubbornly resisted. It was only in the space traversed between London Bridge and the Mansion-house that anything calculated to excite alarm in the bosom of the Princess occurred. Through this part of the route the Royal cortege had literally to fight its way, like a ship through an angry surging sea. As actual force could not be resorted to, great tact had to be employed to advance at all. In this way, Lord Alfred Paget, who rode as equerry beside the Royal carriage, rendered signal service. By an adroit mixture of firmness and good humour and a skill in "chaffing" which charmed the multitude, he coaxed a passage where it was impossible to force it, and again and again rescued his charge from a perilous embarrass- ment. At one time, an attempt was made to take out the horses, that the happy pair might be drawn through the city at another a man actually mounted the carriage behind the Prince ; when opposite the Mansion House a workman squeezed up to the side of the Royal carriage, and stretched out his rough hand, which the Princess grasped and I cordially shook, to the delight of the crowd. Sometimes the shoutings of hundreds of rough looking men and dishevelled women as they surged around the carriage, though probably meant to be joyous, were so boisterous and frantic, that they sounded almost menacing. And once or twice the Prince was evidently alarmed for the safety of r those who were pressed upon the carriage wheels and between the horses. The Mansion house of course was appropriately decorated, A and in front of the portico was a spacious ball 1 cons;, filled with a galaxy of lovely women, brilliantly robed. From this elevation, on the arrival of the Royal carriage, the Lady , Mayoress, attended by eight young ladies, descended and advancing to the Princess, pre i sented to her a superb bouquet in a holder sat f with reinsman offering which was acknow- ! ledged by a few gracious words and a winning a smile. i t returning round the corner of Cheapside i into St. Paul's churchyard, the coup you was very imposing. Here, no less then 12,000 men, women and children viewed the cavalcade I from tiers of seats erected at a cost of £9,003. S The benches were very richly draped, and a verandah, with painted cornice, added to the ' beauty of the structure ; while hundreds of ' flags medallions, and orange blossom wreaths of colossal size, were profusely distributed over the whole of its immense extent. This beautiful erection, stretching like a gorgeous been nearly round the base of the stupendous cathedral, seems to have inspired the illus r trious Danish visitors with unbounded admiration and wonder. They stood up in their carriages, and saluted the applauding people again and again. The scene down Ludgate hill and through Fleet-street was but a repa titles, in all its main features, of what has been already described. At the Bunch Office there was an equestrian statue of that well ! knowncelebrity,standiugwithhatinhand,and who, hymeansof some mechanical contrivance, bowed to Her Royal Highness as she passed- i at which droll act of homage she laughed a heartily On reaching Chancery-lane the a civic procession turned up that thoroughfare, | and were no more seen. From Temple Bar, : onwards the arrangements were under the control of the authorities of Westminster. | The old Bar never before, perhaps, looked i so ' striking and gorgeous,, Here Rimmel ! perfumed the air with aromatic dews. Once through this narrow gorge, and into the comparative amplitude of the Strand, the procession made its way more comfortably and alertly, but it did not reach Trafalgar-square , until nearly a quarter past four. Here was witnessed one of the grandest displays of the whole route ; the decorations and the welcome , were alike magnificent. The procession ' wheeled from Pall-mall into St. James's street, where it still encountered the gaze of thousands, and thence to the i broad thoroughfare of Piccadilly. The mansions of the nobility were generally handsomely decorated ; the balconies were Ho I ty groups of distinguished men and noble ladies ; while the reception, if less vociferous than among the denizens of the east and the south, was not less cordial. Apsley House, and the handsome entrances into Hyde-park, formed a fine terminal point for the procession as it turned into the park. At this point the Westminster escort filed off, and the Royal carriages entered the park alone. Here wow assembled, on each side of the carriage-way, through which the procession had to pass . some 17,000 volunteers. These citizen soldiers presented arms, and their hands played alternately "God save the Queen," and the Danish national anthem, as the Royal carriages rolled slowly by. The Paddington Station of the Great Western Railway; was reached about a quarter past five, and it was remarked that the Princess, notwithstanding the extraordinary excitements of that long day looked as gay and cheerful as ever. At Eton and Windsor there were more congratulatory addresses and enthusiastic demonstrations, in spite of the rain, which poured down most lustily: and at half-past six the Princess i ren ched the castle, where she found an ample solace for all the toil and agitation of that never to be forgotten day, in the arms of Queen Victoria. THE ROYAL WEDDING AND THE IILÜMHÍATIOHS. It will not be expected that I should describe in detail the marriage solemnities, which were performed with befitting pomp in St. George's Chapel, Windsor, on Tuesday, the 10th. How the loyal little Berkshire town simmered with excitement from dawn to midnight-how an anxious crowd of well dressed persons congregated on Park-hill, with the hope of gazing upon the bridal pro- cession, which left the Castle about twelve I o'clock-who the illustrious personages were that occupied the six carriages which formed the escort of the bridegroom, and the four carriages that accompanied the bride-how the pageant looked, with its gorgeously attired actors and its eager spectators-how the still sorrowing Queen, in her widow's weeds, gazed down upon the stirring scene from the quaint old royal pew in the wall how, as the opening chorale was chanted the music of which had been composed by the late Prince Consort, Her Majesty drew back, and burst into tears how modestly, affectionately, and solemnly, the Prince and Princess demeaned themselves throughout the ceremony-how, on the completion of the nuptial solemnities, the guns in the Long Walk boomed out their congratulations, and the merry balls made the air joyous with their pealing show the whole pageant went pouring in a gorgeous s 1 Team or flood of colours, and waving plumes, and flashing jewellery, out of the choir-how, on the return of the bridal party, the walls of the Castle, for the first time after an interval of fifteen months, resounded with military music-and how, after the wedding break- fast, the Royal pair set off for Osborne-all these interesting matters will be found treated, in graphic and glowing detail, in the English journals of March 11, To the curious on such points I may state that the marriage ceremony was performed by the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of Oxford, who contrived to get over their Lenten scruples for the nonce. An ecclesiastical dispensation was granted. The bridal presents have been very numerous, and some of them very magnificent and costly. Kings, princes, nobles, corporations, and cities and towns have vied with each other in doing honour to the Princess. One of the most valuable gifts is that of a diamond necklace presented by the Corporation of the City of London, and costing £10,000. The Royal wedding-day was kept throughout the country as a universal holiday. It was a season of festivity and rejoicing to all classes. For a week or two previous to the memorable 10th, the whole nation surrendered itself to this one passion. All the trade that was done ran into this one channel. Paint inf:, poetry, music, photography, literature, and art designing ingenuity and devising skill clustered around this one centre. The windows of our towns and cities all testified of the coming event. The nation resolved itself into committees; and when the day arrive 1, the people everywhere came forth en masse to celebrate the Royal nuptials, and do honour to our King and Queen that are to be Pro- cessions, banquets, balls, pyrotechnic displays, monster bonfires on hill-tops, and illumina- tions, formed the leading features of the proceedings in the larger towns; but every where the poor were remembered and generously treated. Even our workhouses were scenes of gladsome feasting and the hearts of hundreds of thousands, of Sunday-school children. were made joyous by gratuitous and liberal repast of a suitable land. Only one drawback interfered with the full enjoyment of the day-the unsettled and chilly state of the weather; but though this probably in many cases altered the form of the observance, it did not chill the ardent loyalty with which the day had been anticipated, and for the celebration of which such extensive and varied preparations had been made. In many towns, the illuminations and rates were repeated several nights in succession. In the metropolis the illuminations were, on the whole, exceedingly magnificent. In obedience to the poet laureate's command, London flashed its rivers of fire. Every load was thoroughfare threw up its joy offering of light into the murky air ; familiar building! lost all traces of their working-day shape beneath a mask of glittering devices; some of the public buildings were decorated with novel and brilliant effects ; an attempt was made to' eradicate the dome of St. Paul's by means of electric light, but it was only partially successful; the pale street lamps flickered to no purpose except in the remote suburbs, and a million or more of people turned out for a night of fire worship. Hundreds of thousands of persons from the provinces had been poured into London by special trains, both for the reception and the wedding days. The great wonder, after all, indeed, was the mighty masses of spectators. Every kind of vehicle, from the Royal carriage down to the carrier's cart, occupied the streets in parallel lines and curious stories are in everybody's mouth as to the number of hours occupied in S repressing a few hundred yards. Myriads id not reach home until three, four, and five o'clock in the morning, owing to the blockade in all directions. The pavements and tho middle of the roads were flooded with human life-eddying, surging, panting, and, in some casts, EinkihgHnto whirlpools to rise Temora. The only melancholy, incident that occurred to mar the national joy and satisfaction was the calamitous loss of life within the city precincts on the wedding night. No fewer than, nine victims perished in the crowd, owing to severe pressure and the ugly rushes of the ruffianly element, abroad. Seven of these were females. Besides tteBO dire disasters, a multitude of accidents, injuries, , contusions, and other casualties, Tycrc incurred: and many who survived the awful crush and exhaustion sufficiently to reach their homes, have since succumbed to the burns they received. Both the Queen and the Prince of Wales promptly expressed their deep sorrow at the calamity, and their anxious desire to help the surviving relatives of the dead. In Ireland, the general rejoicings were overshadowed by disgraceful riots and outrages of organized mobs in Dublin, Cork, and Belfast, while the fanatical students of the Catholic University cut the gaspipes and extinguished the illumination on that public building, The Prince and Princess returned from Osborne on the 18th, and last Friday evening, held an evening party at St. James's. They are of the' to be the centre of the Court and it would seem as if the Queen wishes them to take her place in presiding over the entertain monts which royalty is expected to provide, hut in which her heart cannot yet find any place. Great solicitude is felt as to Her Majesty's speedy resumption of the duties of a public life ; the patience and forbearance of the nation are severely taxed, and the organs I of public opinion are beginning to speak out more freely than heretofore. The feeling is universal that the Royal widow has nursed her sorrow long enough. I ' J THE POLISH INSURRECTION. 1 A disagreeable transition, it may be thought. I and so it is but the nation has quickly turned I from gay to grave, and putting aside the 1 wedding frippery, is giving absorbed attention to the wrongs of Poland and the suc- causes' of the patriots. A great meeting in the Guildhall a week ago, at) which were energetic speeches and indignant denuncia- tions of the cruelties and crimes of Russia, was the signal for a mighty outburst of English light feeling. For the next few weeks, we may look for enthusiastic public gatherings all I over the country. There is a very general with that something should be done-a subscription commenced, or some plan suggested I for giving tangible assistance to the heroic Poles. Some do not hesitate to demand that she should go to war with Russia on their behalf; and a deputation from a large meeting of working men in London waited lately on Lord Palmerston, and urged such a scourge upon the Government. The general feeling however, I need scarcely tell you, Is adverse to a policy of menace. In Paris working men by hundreds have applied to the Government for permission to go forth, and fight by the side of the insurgent Poles. The insurrection marches steadily onwards, and has assumed proportions which compel the anxious attention of the great European powers. It is the sole political question of the hour, and is filling all the continental Cabi ants with perplexity and fear. The Czar's ten days for stamping out the rebellion in nea and blood, like Mr. Seward's ninety days, aw pahsed four times over, and still it spreads and st lengthens. It now extends over 86,000 squire English miles-an area half as large as the empire of Austria. The Polish nation has now got already dictator-in the person of General Langiewicz, who has issued a stirring manifesto, and is calmly appointing his military and civil subordinates. I announced to you by telegram that General Mieroslawski. of revolutionary renown, had been designated by the National Committee to the post of commander-in-chief. He was, however, not long in that exalted office. Besides his unfortunate repute as an unsuccessful general he was too intimately associated with ultra di inocracytobe palatable to alargesectioaof the patriots. He has accordingly been removed for a season from all prominent command in order to insure the union of all parties in the prosecution of the common object. The fate of Frankowski is still involved in obscurity: some accounts representing him as wounded and in captivity, while others state that he commands in one of the remote districts of the country. The Spectator, which appears to be well informed, says that he and his force, numbering from 6,000 to 7,000 men, threw themselves in the immense forests of Lithuania, where they have fortified themselves in an almost impregnable position, and from whence they are continually harassing the Russian troops. Frankowski and Wyszki are names applied to the same general. Hitherto, the tactics of the directors of the insurrection have been to avoid concentra- tion and harass the troops of the enemy by \---~~y»vé. us, enough by guerilla warfare. Bands of from 100 to 1,000 men, most of them armed with scythes, hut a few with Galician muskets, have loomed the country, attacking Russian de- tachments, reinforcements, and garrisons whenever opportunity offered. The Czar of Cracow calculates that there were a fortnight ago at least SOO such guerilla bands in " Congress Poland" alone, without counting the insurrectionary forces in Podolia, Vol Gdynia, and Lithuania. But all this is gradually changing. Emboldened by numerous minor successes, strengthened by the sympathy of Europe, and better equipped with military arms smuggled across the frontier, the scattered roving bands are drawing together, and are beginning to form an army. The chaos is settling into organization and order. A ruling spirit and a directing mind room through the confusion. The rebellion has at last a heart, a brain, a visible head. There is a central revolutionary authority, and a new patriotic Government is establishing itself wherever the insurrection triumphs. The main body of insurgents was the one lately under the command of General Langic witz, which has been operating in the hilly regions of the south-west, along the left bank of the river Vistula. The general has shown great sagacity in choosing a strategic position within two days' march of the frontiers of Gallicia. He established his headquarters at the monastery of Sweeney Krzyz, or Holy loss, in the wildest part of the mountainous region. The general is described to be a man of about thirty-four years of age, of very short stature, with keen black eyes, and a voice of peculiar sweetness. He is the son of a physician of Prussian Poland, and, by the wish of his father, studied medicine at Breslau, but left the profession to enrol himself in the ranks of the Prussian army. Bison to a lieutenancy, and utterly disgusted by this time with the pipe-clay service, he sought and obtained his discharge, and hurried to Italy to offer his sword to Garibaldi. His superior military skill and high personal courage made him conspicuous in the campaigns of Sicily and Naples so much so, that the Turin Government offered him an appointment in the regular army. This he refused, but, at the wish of Garibaldi, remained in Italy, as professor at the military school of Cuneo. Absent on leave when the insurrection broke out in Poland, he at once rallied round him a devoted body of from 600 to 800 men, which swelled to on army of 12,000 through repeated successes. He promised before his flight to become the Garibaldi of Poland. Menotti Garibaldi is reported to be on his way to the . theatre of revolt and the disabled sire has written a letter full of eloquent exhortations to the struggling nation, and breathing impatience to be with them. His services, however, have been thankfully declined, from a wish not to compromise their cause by ident lying it with, the revolutionary party of Europe. A succession of important victories spreading over the entire month, have been achieved, chiefly by the little army under Langiewicz. He was gradually anning his men with muskets, and he had secured several pieces of artillery. But the Poles generally rush to close quarters, and the charge of the terrible southerner is invariably the signal for Russian panic and flight. Almost every morning s telegrams report some new success. At first the oppressors thought to crush out the rebellion, or at least to stifle European sympathy, by, fictitious victories. But such mendacious deceptions are no longer possible. Too many eyes and ears are open now. Even The Times has a special correspondent on the spot. Confusion and consternation reign at Warsaw and St Petersburg. The atrocious order to crush the rebels in ten days, at any cost of blood, life and treasure, having failed, the Emperor and" his advisers know not what to do. All the troops that can possibly be spared have been long felt the oppressed provinces : but what are 150,000 men in so vast a country, with determined foes on every acre? Hitherto the mastery Langiewicz had baffled all the skill of the Russian generals sent against him Unable to reduce the insurrection by fair and honourable fighting, the Muscovite savages bounded on by. fiendish officers, have been deliberately burning down the chateaux of the nobles, the farms of the agriculturists, and the being of the peasants. Innocent families, including theagod.theinfant, and the females are put to death with a ferocity and relish for cruelty almost incredible., ft makes one's b pod boil to read of these horrible atrocities. a ho effect is just what might have been predicated. Instead of terrifying the pao ple into submission, these barbarity are forcing the whole population into rebellion. Even ladies have been driven into the patriot ranks, A relentless war has been initiated U this baptism of blood and cure. Finding 'that force was failing them, the authorihW _ despatched an envoy to Langiewicz to w? rose terms of peace, including an offerer amnesty and a promise of liberal concession but the film reply has been, We same trust you." So the Russian Government no alternative but to fight out the Sf unless, indeed the pressure of the ErnSt lewers should compel the Northern K to relax its grip of its prey. "9 At present there seems no hope of rum, consummation In reply to a strong dK water remonstrance from the Emperor K? leon, the Czar refused to make any cenT note to Poland until the insurrection slS be suppressed. The Governments of EnH? Austria, Portugal, and Sweden, have also' on aided communications to St. Petersberg 3 testing against the slaughter of aTaK ration, and summoning Russia to execute the stipulations of the treaties of Vienna It is the wish of the French Government that collective note should be presented from an the great powers; but England declined to accede such a course, from justifiable di, at Mt of the stability and straigbforCrdS of the Emperor's policy. It was thoughful to act in unShackled independence. TM the refusal has greatly incensed the Emperor an his entourage, and the Paris papenThaveM consequence been venting their animosity against England. These repeated a Fenously try the strength thee«ienUcoS ' We are charged with wishing to Dr Trench into a war with Russia on behalf of Poland, while we should selfishly stand to and look on. The French peoprogenerauT' at is clear, would approve and support such W. Numerous petitions, calling for" Sale have been addressed to the Senate. Acorn notice was appointed to report upon them, which it did in a sense opposed to a war S <be re constitution of Poland. Avery way and protracted debate ensued, during a fierce Napoleon spoke boldly out for hZr Motion. The committee disposed of hr by passing to the order of the day A demonstration of citizens and students was put down by the police. The Imperial Government seems resolved not teboC Hito hostilities. Prussia is still under! European cloud. The convention with Russia is denied, but at the same time thereby abundant proofs that it is being acted DEFEAT AND CAPTURE OF LANGlEtntJ!. Just as the hopes of Europe were at the highest point, they have been suddenly struck' down by the defeat, flight, and sum. the patriot leader. After two hard-fought battles, on the 17th and 18th,vrithT3 Russian forces, the late dictator was compiled to cross the Austrian frontier with his staff to avoid falling at the hands of his amply able foes. The first impression of thfllfnK, press was that this disaster would prove fatal to the cause of the patriots, and that the is' surrection was already virtually at an end. Such an inference, however, appears, on reflection, to have been too hastily drawn. The Scene of the reverse is but a corner of Poland, and Longiewicz'e corps was only one of many hundreds scattered over the country, although by far the largest and best equipped. Throughout its vast plains and forests insurgent bands still carry on the revolutionary war; and the telegrams of last night announce the defeat of the Russians near Konia four of their officers and sixty privates being killed, while Prince Wittgenstein was wounded and taken prisoner by the insurgents. The Central Revolutionary Committee at Warsaw have, in the meantime; resumed their functions, and have counselled unyielding resistance. Langiewicz, ia resign- ing his office by means of a proclamation, warns his comrades against indulging In party spirit, which, unhappily, appears to be some what rife. It is not believed that Austria will surrender its illustrious captive to Russia. A residence will probably be assigned to him in the interior of the empire. Some excitement has been occasioned by the alleged violation of Prussian territory is? a body of Indian troops, who wished to get at some insurgents by a short cut. Of course, it is not Prussia who has made any complaint. THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA. The whole current of Transatlantic new during the month has conspired to dissipate the momentary hope that the termination of hostilities was near at hand. The North has haughtily and scornfully rejected the proffered mediation of France and the Senate, before their prorogation, passed a resolution declaring that they should regard all such officious in- termeddling of foreign powers as dictated by unfriendly motives, and should resent it accordingly. We hear nothing further of the diplomatic altercation between Mr. Seward and M. Mercier, beyond a Washington rumour to the effect that President Lincoln had his vowed the despatch of his chief secretary. The. President is said to have stated to M. Jg Mercier that he had no share in the framing ship of that document, beyond having said in lag Cabinet Council that the time for listening to Es the kind suggestions of France had not yet it arrived. He was, therefore, responsible only fit for the refusal of the French proposal, and is not for the curt and offensive manner in ;?£< which, that refusal had been signified. Thus k we are not likely to hear of any more media- of lion schemes for some time to come. in The temper of the Northern people he K undergone, within the last few weeks, an- as either of those enigmatical changes which ,?£> 1 complex all foreigners. The Democrats ham 'St abandoned, or at least postponed, their peace K| programme. The mutinous movement in the BL West, which had begun to create so much un of business at Washington, has been stifled, lit. KI Horace Greeley has recovered from his tem- K iorary fit of despondency, and Congress! K os placed in the hands of the Government K in mendous powers for carrying on the war He and crushing all opposition. A few words of H explanation on each of these points, mi The Democratic party, which achieved such K signal triumphs in December last, evidently K hoped that by concession and conciliation K[ They would have been able to win back the Ku South. A minority, consisting chiefly of the K mercantile interest, a few pro-slavery men, K, same old politicians, and the negro hains h workmen of the west, clamoured for J pence at any price, and re- union 01 any basis. They were ready to make to the free state slave rather than go on 3 fighting, or submit to the loss of Imperial other A large majority of the party, now ever, silently drew away, and after some Mia negotiations with Richmond, the tenor o' p which is unknown, but which appear to law 1 comment by a curt and decided refusal (ney J once more declared for war. Their object was ; j now become identical with that of their m also -to preserve the Union at any cast, even a slave ty In the contest should go dow, A E? | the Republicans, the War Dtmocrnls const!- | lute animmensemajorityofthenntion,anaina | North may, therefore, be considered once more £ at harmony with itself. The silent millions J T ho rule, but who are apt to talk, have de- l, ended that hope is not lost, that they are not J yet compelled to surrender the hope of union, s and that it behoves their manliness to WA j the quarrel out to the end. That calmed ¡ | Millen persistence which is the root of m r German as of the Anglo-Saxon character, : has asserted itself once more and the nation, i growling at fate, anathematising is Two t and almost sneering at sown losses'" | still unable to yield-to allow that the life remains hope can be considered firm | a ho few thousands anxious for pensively j g heartened by the resolve of the mass, was, he like the same party in England during in at last European war, content themselves.; Hi, n oiFy and sometimes very sarcastic criticism, ag Such is the Spectator's view of this unexpected change in theretofore of parties. . . sugar The sudden alteration in Ho attitudes K, the people in the North-west is ecjuaUyei- my traordinary and significant. By ho ¡J»1 Ki a month's mail you learned that a most unw- £3 i want convention of the representatives « MM of several states was about to be was a, A at, Louisville, to discuss terms of manner; I, with the South-a movement which «"»J thought might eventuate in the formation I an independent North-Western confers a - This project, however, broke down in any s s er which has not been clearly explained. in his said by the Northern apologists took" a keen the politicians rather than these fl of the North-west who clamoured fttpM«¡ and that, as soon as the latter began w s declare themselves, and the army 919 g West, under Rcsencranz, sent home BJ'" |. ful and denunciatory addresses W | the treason of " peace-on-any-tcrms a Tocates, the State Legislatures of Ig I Indiana, Ohio, Wisconsin, and Iowa, wsw I dropped the scheme of a cowellUO?U«iej L these resultless movements have W T H great indignation meetings in JV H , Indiana, to denounce the "Copperhead ? mocrats," and vote for the vigorous PfS tion of the war. In the Eastern Star 3, to ? the tide of feeling is turning Me we saw ? channel. The New Jersey Legislahiro,T^ ? r Southern proclivities are very declare. as ? deemed it prudent also to abandon the car ? vention project; and the New say 'E W . the principal organ of the Danderoo W i and lately the advocate of Peaceful comes ? 3s now obliged to speak in its H decided manner : - " Whatever side nsw n there may be in the minds of, TeEns, the contest is still one (Ads M -pre-eminently so. We can only have we in tow by vigorously prosecuting the war in the hostilities in the face of, the tun-, Smpromising demands of the rebels is 3 to consent to the disintegration of the country-" Amidst this revived cry for "the Union," little or nothing is heard about (-emancipation. Parties at the North have ap- . - carefully made up their quarrels, by agreeing? to fight for the old flag, and let the negro quietly drop out of mind. In the meantime, Congress has hurried through a series of measures which have avert the doom of Constitutionalism and Northern liberty, and constituted Mr. Lincoln the most absolute dictator the world as ever seen. By the first measure he is authorized to suspend the operation of the law of habeas corpus whensoever he shall deem fit "hear his secretaries, says The Times' correspondent, may cause to be imprisoned, and kept in prison, without trial, for an in- definite length of time, any person, high or low in any of the states of the Union. He may order a military force to seize the Governor of New York or Connecticut, on - any other sovereign commonwealth. He may arrest and hold in Forts Lafayette, Warren, or M Henry, the members of any legislature whose proceedings he may ad- judge to be treasonable or dangerous. He may seize a judge upon the judgement hat, and carry him off to prison-as his secretaries did Judge Carmichael, of Maryland-- j and hold him there as a common malefactor, without specifying the offence committed. He may silence any tongue, or pen, or print- ing pass in the country, and no judge or jury shall question the legality of his act. It is due that the Secretary of State and the Secretary of War are directed to furnish to the judges, as soon as may be practicable, the names of the persons arrested, that they may represented to the grand jury for indictment; but the President and his secretaries are alone to decide on the practicability of such a step and if they are of opinion that it is unwise or unsafe to liberate or bring to trial any sued prisoners during the two remaining years of the Presidential term there is nothing in the act of Congress to compel them to make an earlier decision. This proviso, therefore, i counts for nothing." It vin be remembered that an act was lately passed through Congress to enlist a negro army of 300,000, to supply the place of tens of thousands of deserters and the 160,033 nine months' and two years' volunteers whose time expires in May. It was all at once discovered that the negroes were to be the salva- . don of the Republic. The scheme, however, is found unworkable. Multitudes of white (flowers and white men absolutely refuse to recognise them. Several mutinies have already occurred, and others are threatened. In consequence of the break-down of this pet project of the exterminators, it became a matter of urgency to find soldiers somewhere. Volunteering being too precarious,, it was resolved to resort to compulsion. Congress, accordingly, has passed, a Conscription Act, which calls out, at the discretion of the President as to numbers, the whole able-bodied male population of the country between the ' age of eighteen and forty-five. The first call of 600.00 men is to be made on the 10th of July. The Democratic party, powerless to defeat the measure, effected some modifica- tions in its oppressive provisions. No exemption are allowed, except to governors and the highest class of judges. Senators, representatives, clergymen, and medical men, may he hurried off, after ten days' notice, to fill up vacancies in the armies. Evasion subjects the defaulter to the penalties of desertion, and resistance to two years imprisonment. A pretty; engine this in the hands of a practically irresponsible depot There needed but one other measure to complete the most tremendous powers with which a Government was over armed, and that was provided by the Currency and Bank- ing Acts of Mr. Chase. In one way or another, by loan and by the issue of greenbacks, the Government is authorized to issue about I,100,000,000dol., a sum that before the rise in gold would have represented about £220,000,000 sterling, but that, with gold at seventy-two' per cent, premium, only represents about £137,000,000. Mr. Chase has also carried his favourite projects of taxing the existing banks upon their circulation, and of introducing a uniform Federal currency of greenbacks that are not to be taxed, which has produced an extraordinary panic in the money market. These are stupendous measures. " The three, says Dr. Mackay, of The Times, "form a perfect unity, solid, substantial, and artistically dovetailed one into the, other. We:o Mr. Lincoln a man of genius, a great soldier, uri astute and far-seeing diplomatist, or an ambitious and designing intriguer, having the will to make himself King, Emperor, Czar, hereditary President, Lord Protector, or anything else, they would afford him the means of putting a speedy and ignominious end to the Republic. But these powers have not been given to him for such purposes. The Republi- can party know their man, and think that they can trust him. Neither have they been conferred upon him in order that he may more effectually carry on the was for the sub- jugation of the South. He is no more the , man for that purpose than he is the man or; whom to make an Emperor. In this respect, too, the Republicans know him, and have taken the measure of his capacity. The restoration of the Union SS felt to be impossible, not only by the President, but by every prominent man in. public life. Both the Union and the Constitution upon which it was founded are defunct. The Southern Congress destroyed the Union ; the Northern. Congress has destroyed the Constitution. The revolution has completed its first cycle. North and South are two for evermore, and are as incapable for the future of being united under one Government as England and France or Ireland and Italy. Those stringent measures have a more logical foundation than any baseless hope of the re annexation of the South. They are intended for the subjuga- tion and the consolidation of the North. The danger has long been appreciated in all its magnitude by the reason as well as by the instinct of the Northern people, that the process of disintegration would not stop with Southern independence, but would extend to the North and West, and that if the principle of secession were once admitted for any part of the late Union, it could not be successfully resisted for any other. Hence the President has been invested with these extraordinary powers, in order that he may nip in the bud any attempt on the part of the Western or Middle States either to throw in their fortunes with those of the South orto set up for themselves. It is not the South that troubles the sleep of the magnates of Washington, but the West. The symptoms are in the highest degree alarming. The President's girl state of Illiaoisis a hotbed of disaffection, Indiana is no better. Ohio is dissatisfied. Missouri is only held down by the word. In fact, there is imminent danger: throughout the whole of the more fertile regions of the West of an organised outbreak against the Government of Washington. To ? confront that danger, and not to meet the unwept Mr. Jefferson Davis, is the real object of the Conscription Act and its kindred and irrelevant measures. In this intention the Government is right to defend itself." The military news of the month is of a most meagre and negative character. Everywhere <|iei<ederal armies are idle and discredited. ,,¡.1^1 five nothing to show commensurate with the magnificence and costliness of their Preparations. Hooker is still engaged in !Hln£,aYd reorganizing the army before Fredericksburg, which has lost 25,000 mon by perilous alone- The attack on Charleston sales u Postponed, and probably abandoned, on account of the formidable strength in'? agencies The canal proposed to be cut WK, to the rear of Vicksburg is an ad r "ed. failure. The rapid waters of the Tii team will not flow into the cutting. his attack upon this formidable Confederate stronghold commenced on the 18th-of Fe ?," ?"?. Mortar boats were towed into port "on, and commenced a brisk fire, which was offended today three Confederate batteries, w«ÍÍ,compollB4tho mortar boats to draw off SW 1(,aT*hat the siege of Vicksburg is Trusts «teablockade. Starving may Äpllsllv7H fighting cannot. A few men rises 719 Northern press indulged in a 77 vi1 of self glorification on account of two federal steam-rams having harmlessly W he wristlet of the batteries of Vicks crisis which? they had Vasse. others inRfLeo- Why the, lose valuable time AiiiB?Iyin5ito reduce the rebel Sebastopol? inn,Vt:ot WS Slowing visions. The steam was both fast captured, and now form Akins fe gJ?,wiPF Confederate navy. The and Swiss Bro Charge, seizing and burning, liT weather Confederate ship, the Florida, OhLl*?,y destroyed the Jacob Bell, from JAs task. for cargo being est 26 at £300.000. The loss of this vessel has New vü20tí^r8t?rm of indignation in the alair,RYwLCh?n,ber.of Commerce, directed riding a, if'&W;' for. having allowed the Flo now fitted main one of aer Ports. The him Mfcí^MiB0 far carried away by his feel as R 5Jïï,uSÎÎre that a war with our country dreaded and WaS on event not to be the effects placed a?? eHl M- between Federals «^atc8^u.nder Van Dorn, and tha Sift aSburn' ¿' Springville, Te fi«hnÄterfynUe8B9uth of Franklin. The bout lasted all day, and resulted in the defeat of the Unionists. The Federal foreseen" eased of three regiments of infantry, 500 cavalry, and one battery of artillery. Nearly all the Federal infantry were cut to pieces or cer paired, but the cavalry and artillery escaped. The Confederate forces consisted of infantry, with, heavy artillery. General Gilbert is of severely censured for not sending reinforcements to Coburn from Franklin. Van Dorn 36 said to have 18,000 mon. Cardinal Antonelli has resigned but his resignation has not been accepted. His bush rss agent, Chevalier Farmer, a personage of vast importance in Rome, has, it appears, been arrested on a charge of being in league with the National Committee. The charge seems to be true, but Cardinal Antonelli, in a transport of offended dignity, placed his seals in the hand of the Pope. The affair seems to have led to nothing. I shall refrain from occupying any- of your Brace with a record of our Parliamentary pro- cecdings this month. The chief interest has centred in the debates upon the national up rising in Poland, the Brazilian quarrel, and the conduct of our Ministers in relation to the candidature of Prince "Alfred for the crown of | Greece. The two latter degenerated into aerial monious party squabbles, but upon the former question there was a substantial and remarkable unanimity of feeling and opinion. The l\TavnI Estimates have afforded opportunity for a series of animated discussions on the question of ship- building with wood and iron, during which Mr. Cobden made some slashing at faults upon the Admiralty. 1 be prospects of Lancashire not having in the slightest degree improved, and the hope of a speedy resumption of work becoming more and more shadowy and remote, the necessity of taking steps to promote the emigration of the operatives is forcing itself upon all minds. The Mansion-house Committee have several times discussed the propriety of rendering assistance to emigrants from the funds placed at their disposal, but up to the present time they have refused to sanction such an appropriation. Politicians, philanthropists, the press, and the public, are all awaking to the seriousness of the present crisis. All minds are turning to a large and well-considered plan of emigration as the only means of affording permanent relief to the distressed operatives. Mr. Cobden has broadly hinted at the necessity of a Paris military grant for the purpose. The representatives of the Australian colonies are bestirring themselves with commendable zeal, A meeting was held a few nights ago at the London Tavern, at which Mr. Childers, who presided, made the following re- IT asks. He stated that " during the last few weeks a very great change of feeling had on armed with respect to the practicability of emigration from the distressed districts to the Australian colonies. The change was so marked, that there had been before the Central Relief Committee in London, and the local committees in Lancashire, propositions to contribute directly towards emigration, and Hey might, therefore, assume that the public mind was at the present time perfectly prepared for some action on the subject, on be half of the colonies generally, or of those par- ticular colonies which were specially interested in the promotion of emigration to their shores. At the same time, by the policy adopted by the Legislature of Victoria last year, provision was made for some system of emigration to be carried out through the sale of lands. The details by which this money was to be applied had not, he believed, been settled by the Legislature, but, as was well known, they were at the last advices under the consideration of the Government, and the decision of the Li gislature might be expected very shortly. Meanwhile, a letter had been, received by Mr. Knight, placing at his disposal i6,fC0, to be applied expressly to the emigration of persons from the distressed districts of this country, and other colonies were taking a similar course. Queens land and one of the New Zealand settlements bed sent money to be applied in the same manner. There was at the present moment in existence a society, formed at the end of last year at Birmingham, called the National Colonial Emigration Society, for the purpose of promoting emigration to all the colonies. The funds of this society were applied in the first instance to disseminate information on the subject of emigration ; secondly, to afford advice to intending emigrants; thirdly, to facilitate arrangements for passage, and especially to make advances by gift or by loan to a sable emigrants to obtain passage and outfit; and, in the last place, to correspond with the different Governments, With the view of obtaining their co-operation and support. Its committee consisted of gentlemen connected with almost all the New Zealand and Aus 1 ration colonies, and there had also been established for the same purpose various agencies for particular colonies. The agency for the Queensland Government, as had been announced, had received £1,200 in subscriptions, to be applied in assisting emigrants to provide outfits, and to defray other expenses prior to embarkation. The question for the consideration of the present meeting was, whether, in view of some measure being taken by the Government of Victoria towards promoting emigration, and having before them the fact that a sum of £6,000 for the special impose of emigration from the distressed districts had been received, they should supplement that £5,000 by contributions to a new society, or should connect themselves with an existing society formed for very much the same purposes, and whose rules admitted the formation of sub-committees for particular colonies, or whether they should wait till the plans of the colonial Government were matured, and till they knew the course that should be taken in regard to the very large hands amounting to some £214,000-which it was proposed to expend in that object. This meeting had been successful in bringing together a large number of Victorians, to con- rider a subject interesting to all and he had no doubt that a very good result would be arrived at." Since this speech was delivered the whole question has passed into an altogether new and darker phase. Lancashire has lost her glory, The fortitude, patience, and manful ] endurance of the sufferers from the cotton ft mine which have hitherto excited the nd mention and gratitude of the country, have at length given way, and a series of popular tumult have furnished their fair reputation. Al out a week ago two letters appeared in The Times from the pen of an impartial » if story to some of the cotton towns, deserts one of the growing exasperation of feeling among the recipients of the world's bounty, owing to the alleged harshness of the Relief Committees. Few persons, however, anticipated any danger of an outbreak. But on Friday last a tremendous riot broke out at Staley bridge, which afterwards extended to Ashton, and other adjacent towns. Windows were smashed, bakers' shops and clothing der Cfs plundered and stripped, the police and the civil authorities were assaulted, houses were fired, and other depredation s committed, and the thousands of misguided people who urged like maniacs through the street had to be dispersed by the military, happily, though wcimdBare plentiful enough, no lives have been sacrificed. The towns are now in military possession. The majority of the rioters are said to be Irishmen and women, and who Ticicr worked in the mills. It is certain that a large number of the poor operatives deplore the occurrence, and disavow all sympathy. The towns at which these ferocious outbreaks have happened have been glutted with relief, and the rebellion was excited by a determina- tion on the part of the administrators of the fund to impose certain restrictions on imposi- tion and drunkenness. The people were henceforth to be paid by ticket, instead of money ; the payment to the men in the adult school was to be reduced from 3s. 6d. to 3s. per week and a day's wages per week was to be kept back. They rejected the terms, and mutinied. The Rev. Mesac Thomas, M A-, Secretary of the Colonial and Continental Church Society, has been appointed first bishop of the new Australian see of Goulburn, which will em- rate the southern portion of the present diocese of Sydney. ENGLISH MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (TOOK OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, March 26. This has been a month of loans. The ball opened, just as the lost mail was going out, by the emission of £500,000 of a four percent, stocks ninety-one, on account of Denmark. Although the price was considered hardly low enough, yet, owing to the high credit of Denmark and the smallness of the amount, the loan was promptly subscribed. Proposals were next issued for a loan of £400,000 to the Re- public of Salvador, one of the five small states that constitute the territory of Central America. The interest in to be eight per cent., with a sinking fund of three per cent., and the issuing price to be eighty-five. The proceeds of the loan are to be applied for the purposes of establishing a bank, for the construction of piers, tramways, bridges, and roads, and for promoting the immigration of "skilled artisans., Before the full negotiation of this loan, intelligence arrived that a do- i duration of war had been made by Guatemala against Salvador; and, awaiting the con- j urination or contradiction of this unfavour- , able news all active steps were suspended by the agents. During the first week in March, the Gene- ] lal Company of the Italian Irrigation Canals invited subscriptions for £1,000,000 sterling of I six per cent, bonds. They are authorized to borrow £2,200,000, of which £600,000 has al- , ready been raised in Italy. The bonds and obligations are a first charge on the entire property of the company, including the state ' canals ceded by the Government. The rate of interest, including the redemption at par, I is eight and three quarters per cent. The tenders considerably exceeded the amount required, but the bonds, after commanding a slight premium for a few days, have fallen to a discount. Simultaneously with the above, i seventh Italian Railway Company, possessing j a state guarantee, issued obligations represent- ing a nominal amount of £2,000,000, of £20 each, bearing three per cent, interest. The price at which they were offered was £9 8s. per obligation. But a far more formidable undertaking has been the placing upon the European money i markets of a loan of £28,000,000 for the Italian Government. The task has been entrusted to the house of Rothschild, which, it appears, has taken a considerable portion. It is to he issued in ten instalments, spread over an entire year, and the price to the public is I seventy-one, being about one per cent. above I the current quotations of the italian five per cent, stock on our market. It is understood that the applications received in London amount to from a half to two thirds of the sum reserved for this country. The subscrip- I tions in Paris have been larger ; but owing to the immense amount of the loan, and the manner in which the European money markets have been inundated with it, the price will almost inevitably sink below part is a heavier transaction than even appears on the face of it. The emission is advertised of a sufficient amount of rates to produce for the Treasury the sum of £28,000,000 sterling. Hence the amount of the loss, which might he mistaken for £28,000,000 stock, is £¿8,000,000 effective, and at seventy one, the price of issue, reaches the enormous sum of I £39,436,020 stock. I A far deeper sensation, however, has been produced, both in monetary and political > circles, by the introduction of the long foreshadowed Confederate Loan. It is in the shape of a seven percent, stock at ninety. The total amount applied for is £3,000 000, which has been distributed among the men- I don, Liverpool, Paris, Amsterdam, and Frankfort markets. The interest is to be paid half-yearly at each of the above- mentioned cities, except Liverpool. Holders are to have the option of either keeping the bonds, subject to the contingency of their redemption at 100 under the sinking fund (which, being five percent, annually, is to extinguish the whole in twenty years), or of exchanging them for cotton, after sixty days' notice to that effect to the Government. The basis of this exchange is to be at the valuation of 1d. per lb. for New Orleans middling " cotton, and it is expressly stipulated that the delivery will be made free of all charges and dutieR.exceptingthe existingexportdutyof one-eighth of one cent, per lb." If the country be at peace, the delivery is to take place at one of the four chief ports of the South, or, if it be at war, " at points in the interior of the country, within ten miles of a railroad or stream navigable to the ocean. The option to take cotton is to cease at the end of " six months after the ratification of a treaty of peace between the present belligerents." The contractors will retain, out of the proceeds of the loan, sufficient funds to pay the first two coupons. The agents in London are Messrs. J. Henry Schroder and Co. Notwithstanding the attempts of the Daily News, and some other Federal organs, to deter the public from subscribing to the loan, by representing it as " a desecration and a pollu- tion to the English Exchange " and a means for " rivetting the fetters of the slave." it has been taken with avidity. The aggregate subscriptions reached no less than eighteen millions sterling, and the scrip was rapidly at five per cent, premium. Very little political feeling has been manifested in the business; and it is as viewed in the light of a promising cotton speculation that its chief attraction consists. By a general understanding amongst the dealers, all the transactions are to be settled on the 24th of April, before which date the scrip will be ready for issue The effect of this arrangement will be, that there will be no necessity to call upon the Stock Exchange Committee to come to a formal decision with regard to the status in this market of the as yet un- recognised Confederate Government. It is presumed that, after the first settlement, the scrip or bonds will be currently dealt in and settled every fortnight, in the same manner as is done with; Turkish consolidate -a security which has never yet been for really admitted into the Stock Exchange, I or had an official settling day. The promoters, previously to the introduction of the loan, fortified themselves with the opinion of Sir Hugh Cairns and Mr. Cotton, as to the perfect legality of the transaction. Of course It is thoroughly understood that the security of the. bondholders will depend entirely upon the ability of the South to maintain its independence. The favour with which the loan has been received will, no doubt, add fresh fuel to the burning hatred of the North towards England, for while we steadily refused to accept their securities, we are willing to supply money to aid the " rebels;" but, as The Times points out, if the Northern Government had held and offered large stores of wheat, as the Confederates hold and offer to deliver cotton, our capitalists would not have hesitated to enter into negotiations. The quotations have gradually receded to 3 premium. Reports are current that the representatives of the Federal Government have introduced proposals to the notice of banking authorities are for a loan of £6,000,000 to £6,000,000, hnEed upon transactions connected with an export of gold. Another plan mentioned is the hypothecation of the customs duties at the principal Northern ports for a specific period. The Metropolitan and Provincial Bank of London announce that they are authorised by the Quebec Harbour Commissioners to receive subscriptions for a loan of £60,000, re- de enable in twenty years in London, bearing interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum, for which half-yearly coupons will be attached, payable at this bank. The debentures are to he in sums of £100 each. The present loan , will be expended in enlarging the facilities for the trade of the harbour, and no further issue of debentures is to take place until the actual bond fide increase of revenue shall fully cover the interest and sinking fund of any such further loans as may be required to meet the demands of a growing business. Banks, banks, banks 1 The mania for these institutions rages as wildly as over, and will continue to do so as long as money is to be made by the inception and launching of them. Some of those started a few months ago are in tribulation already. The shares of one, on which 40s. have been paid, are now quoted at 5s. and those of a second will fetch only 7s. 6d. in the market. The first announced during the present postal month was the Intercolonial Bank of Australia and New Zealand, with a proposed capital of £1,600,000, in 16,000 shares of £100 each The first issue consists of one-half, a portion of which is reserved for the colonies. This new concern proposes to take a wide scope, aiming not only at the business between the colonies and the mother country, but also at that between the colonies themselves, particularly between Australia and New Zealand. With this view, chief offices are to be" formed in London, Sydney, Melbourne, and Queensland, as well as at Auckland, Wellington, and Nelson, in New Zealand ; but it is also intended to open intercolonial branches or agencies at other places, as experience may direct. The business to be undertaken is of the ordinary and legitimate character, and the direction as respectable. The preliminary, legal, and other expenses, are to be kept within a gross total of £5,000. The share list closed yesterday to London applicants, but remains open till the 28th to residents in the country. The project is understood to have been favourably received by the public the excellent dividend recently declared by the Bank of Australasia having tended to stimulate the applications. Mr. F. T. Sargood, of the London and Melbourne firm, has joined the board. The quotations are from half to one and a quarter premium. The prospectuses of four other new banks have been issued. First, the National Bank of Liverpool, with a capital of a million in £100 shares, intended to work In connexion with the National Bank in London and its various branches in Ireland. Secondly, the Bank of Gibraltar and Malta, designed to in- crease the banking facilities of the trade between London and those dependencies, and any other places in the Mediterranean which maybe deemed desirable. The projectors con» ! tent themselves with £260,000. The letters of . allotment are issued. Thirdly, the London and South American Bank, to afford banking ! facilities to the trade between this country I and Peru, Chili, and the western coast of South America. The proposed capital is one I million. Fourthly, the English and Belgian 1 Bank, capital £1,000.000. The prospect of an increase of business between Belgium and the United Kingdom, under the commercial , treaty recently negotiated, is assigned among the reasons for the formation of the coin ; pony. : It is stated that negotiations are in progress ! to amalgamate the Bank of Hindostan, 1 China, and Japan with the Central Bank of Western India, the head establishment of which is in Bombay, with branches in other . i parts of India and in China. The paid-up , capital is £500,000, in shares of £25 each, or SEO rupees, the last price in Bombay being six to seven per cent, premium. The capital of the Bank of Hindostan is £1,000,000 in shares of £100, £26 of which is the total to a te called up, so that the united paid-up cape I tal would be £760,000. The amount of £15 ' is already paid on the Bank of Hindostan 5 f hares, and their quotation is two to one and a three quarters discount. Mr. Thomas Brown, of the firm of Brown and Co., of London and Sydney, has been elected a director of the Ocean Marine Insur I once Company. ! A prospectus has been issued of the British Honduras Cotton Company, with a capital of I £200,000, in shares of £10. The direction is respectable, and the object is to purchase land 1 and cultivate cotton in the British colony of Honduras, where it is considered " all the re- quisites exist for its profitable production, such as climate, soil, proximity to England, internal water communication, and an excel ' lent harbourage." Indian immigrants from l Yucatan are available for labour, and, as the colony is within three days' sail of New Orleans, the opportunity is also contemplated in obtaining the services of some of the free ! blacks who are at present destitute in the United States. Arrangements have been made for the purchase of 100,000 acres of suitable land, at 10s. per acre. Among the other projects which are appeal- ing to the purses of the public are the following The London and Westminster Wine Company; the Dublin Metropolitan Railway; the Patent Ventilating Granary Company; the Bristol City Hotel Company; the Plymouth hotel Company ; theVallandasla Gold Mining Company ; the Equitable Furnishing . Company and a number of mining, slate, I end railway schemes. DISCOUNT, MONEY, AND STOCK MARKETS. The number and magnitude of the foreign financial schemes, in addition to the ordinary average of joint-stock undertakings, have naturally exercised a tightening effect upon the money market. The commercial requirements of the country, moreover, have been on a somewhat larger scale, owing to an improvement in certain branches of trade. The de mandfor accommodation has accordingly been stimulated, while rates in the open market approximate within a fraction of the Bank minimum. The following are the current S notations for money at various dates : Fifty to sixty days 983 4 per cent. Three months 2 per cent Four months dependent. Six months Bank bills. 4½ per cent. \- Trade do 6 per cent. In the Stock Exchange, the value of capital on Government Securities has for several weeks ranged from three to four per cent. The Bank of France has reduced its rate from five to four and a half per cent. Annexed are the fixed and current rates in the chief continental cities ; Paris .. Vienna Berlin Frankfort Amsterdam .. Turin .. Brussels Hamburg St. Petersburg Bank Kato.iOnon Markofl Per cent. Percent. During the past ten days, owing to the diminished demand for foreign export, considerable parcels of gold have been sent into the Bank, which has materially strengthened its position. We have had some large arrivals from America of late, and further sums of unusual magnitude are anticipated, as the result of the recent attempts of the Federal Government to interfere with the price of gold in Wall-street. This unwise tampering with financial laws produced an extraordinary panic in the American money market, gold quotations descending in a few days from seventy-three to forty-two-oscillating every hour from one figure to another between those wide extremes. The tremendous fall has accelerated the outflow of the precious metal to Europe. The amount of gold now known to be on the way to England from Australia is about £600,000. The last monthly return of the Bank of France is regarded as very satisfactory. The Consols market has been considerably agitated during the month, owing to the clouded aspect of continental affairs. Grave apprehensions were at one time entertained of a European war arising out of the Polish insurrection. The firm attitude of the French Government, in resistance to the demands of nearly all classes of citizens, however, and the subsequent defeat and arrest of Langiewicz, have done much to calm the public mind and the quotations of Consols have improved from ninety-two to ninety-two and a half, or thereabouts. ' Indian stocks and debentures are firm, the demand exceeding the supply. Greek securities have fluctuated from political considera- tions ; but they stand better than they did a month since, owing to rumours that another Royal candidate is about to be proposed. Russian Bonds have of course been much depressed. Turkish stock is improving. Australian securities have been dealt in with tolerable briskness at the accompanying quotations. Victoria Government debentures are decidedly advancing in public estimation. Their position at the present moment offers a gratifying contrast to that which they occupied about a year ago. For some time they ranged from 10 to 105 ex div., whereas now, deducting the interest payable in a few days, the price is 106. The St. Kilda and Brighton Railway interest is still unpaid. 