SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVED COASTWISE. Mnvmv AtinnsT 3. LTJBRA, steamer, 220 tons, U. Ward, master, from Port Lincoln anil Port Augusta. J. Darwent, Town ; J. Stilling and Co., Port, agents. Passengers _Mi« Rissptt. Miss Kenmson. Mrs. McDougall, Messrs. Strong. Uall, Walkley. Armstrong, aim Turnbull, in the cabin; an-l 13 in the steerage. Cargo-3 ba'es skins, (5 casks tallow, Order. ANT, steamer, 14.) tons, Fred. P. Sncwin, 'm'asW from Port Kol« and Port MacDpnnell. W. Younghusband and -X. jun.. Town and Port, agents. Passengers -Dr. Clark, and Messrs. Alston .and Mclnnes, in the cabin; and nine m the Bteerage. CLEARED OUT. Monday, Auccsr 3. 'WALLAROO, barque, (ill tons, W. H. Snurrel, master, for Swansea. Passengers— Mr. .and Mrs. Opieand3 children, -Mrs. Norwood. Mrs. Davis and 2 children, Messrs. Forwood, Hocking, and Filbv, in the cabin. ALDINGA, steamer, 500 tons, J. Stewart, master, for Melbourne. Passengers— Rev. J. and Mrs. Turner, Rev. Mr. King, Mr. and Mrs. Yeates, Mr. and Sirs. Emery, Mrs. Rudd and 2 children, Mis3 Johnston. Miss Ryan, Messrs. Wallace, Roch fort, Oounsell, and R. Lorrain, in the cabin; Miss Nolan, Miss Shore, MLss Donnett, Miss Haywanl, Messrs. Western and Sparrow, in the steerage. CLEARED OUT COASTWISE. MONDAY, AUGUST 3. OMEO, schooner, 40 tons, A. Reid, master, for Yorke's Peninsula. Cargo— Sundries. SARAH, cutter, 15 ton3, G. McKay, master, for Port Wakelielil. Cargo— Sundrii i. ENTERED OUTWARDS. Satubdat, August 1. FORTUNE, brig, 101 tons 1'aton, master, for Sydney. SAILED Aug. 3— ALDINGA, steamer, for Melbourne. PROJECTED OKPAKTUKKS LONDON— Wallaroo, Louisa, Orient, Monarch, Sea Star, early. COLOMBO— Antagonist, early. SYDNhY— Stately, Sorata, (Gazelle, Fortune, ea-;ijICHEN AXD MACDONNELL BAYS - Ant, August (i. PORT LINCOLN AND PORT AUGUSTA Lubra, August U. EXPORTS. WALLAROO, fnr Swansea— 6.73S bags copper ore (laden at Wallaroo), Moonta Mining Company ; 5 bales leather, Ml do. gluepieees, Heriot, Fullar ton, and Co ; H cases honey. J. Harvey; 3 do. gum, 2 casks honey, J. a:id li Hague; 12 cases gum, 1 do. wax, J. and G. Wilcox; 1 bale hair, 35 do. wool, 31 bags calfskins, 50 do. lw-nes and hoots, 740 horns, 701 hides, li. J. Spence ; 53 bales leather, 177 bags bark, 51 do. bones, 5S do. hoofs, 11 bales horns, 11 do. gluepieccs, W. Peacock and Son; 36' pkgs. gum, 5 cases wax, 1 do. books, G. Phillips and Co. ; 7 pkgs. whalebone, Dale, Fuller, and Co. ; 7 bales leather, 2 pkgs. skins. Dean Brothers; 8ii bales bark. L. Glyde ; 1 box, W. MeDowall ; 1 trunk, F. II. r/aulding; 1 case. Me Arthur and Co. ; !) pkus. drapery, D. anil W. Murray ; 4i tons old metal, Capt Spurrel. ALDINGA, for Melboumc-500 bags flour, J. Williamson; 10 do. do., J. Colton ; 12Sdo. wheat, 32 tons bran, J. Darwent; 1US bags silver-lead ore, Talisker Mining Company; Gl cases copper, Ka punda Mining Company ; --O tons do., h. and A. Copper Company ; lca.--e bacon, li. Chance; 3 hhds. eggs, E. Lemke ; 3 cases perfumed spirits, P. Falk and Co. ; 2 do. drapery, G. and R. Wills ; 1 box do., F. Wurni. HOBART TOWN SHIPPING. Cleared Out. Wednesday, July 21 ENSIGN, brig, Itii tons, E. Bond, master,- for Adelaide. No passengers. Cargo— 50,000 ft. timber, :t0,000 palings, 50.U00 laths, 20 tons potatoes, 50 bullock-poles. _ MISCELLANEOUS. Capt. Snewin, of the Ant, states that when ht left Guichen Bay the American ship Mary Brad ford was beating up. She had received her pilot on lioard several days previously. The Alwynton, from London, will be towed into harbour this- morning, and having no gun powder will not be detained at the North Arm. Launch of a Russian Iro.v-Clad.— On Mon day afternoon the first iron-cased frigate for the Russian navy was launched from the yard of the Thames Ironworks, which has had the honour of building the first ships of this description for the English, Danish, ami Russian navies, and which is now constructing the first frigates of the same kind for the navies of Spain and Turkey. The Pervenitz, as the new Russian frigate was named, is probably one of the ugliest vessels that has ever floated from the yard of the Thames Works-not only uglier than the Ke-iistuncc and the Defence, but as ugly even as the much-vaunted American invention, the floating Derrick, which has never had anything to do but float since the day she was launched. To see the Pervenitz as she was towed out of the creek, with her narrow receding sides and uncouth projecting snout, above which the red hawse-holes tinned like the eyes of a monster, she more resembled the i|iiaint hideous forms of the Chinese junks than any European man of-war we have yet seen in the Thames. This Russian frigate, which has been some time building, from designs furnished from Russia, represents with peculiar force the rapid strides with which the construction of iron frigates has advanced in this country within the last two or three years. At the time the Pervenitz was first thought of nil the world seemed in favour of using such annum coaled vessels mainly as steam-rams, and, aeeordiuuly, the Russian frigate lias been produced not only with a beak, but a monstrous projection under her bows and level with the water line, long enough and strong enough to transfix the stoutest three- decker that ever floated. In the same way a great angle of incline inwards for the sides was thought an absolute necessity for iron-clads, to assist the shot in glancing, so the Pervenitz has her sides sloping in at an angle of no less than 27— an amount of incline which is an evil in many ways, and which experience shows, even if it were increased to 45°, would have but little effect in diminishing the terrible powers of such ordnance :is are daily tried at Shoeburyncss. These drawbacks, the beak and the slope of sides, will prove serious obstacles when at sea; the former t-- her speed, and the latter to her steadiness in a seaway. Unlike the Warrior, to imitate which she was ostensibly built by Russia, the thickness of the teak backing behind the armour plates is dimi nished from IS inches to !) inches, though this dis advantage is uerlfhps, on the whole, compensated by the reduction of weight, which enables her to carry her armour of 4iinch plates from end to and and over her beaks (for she has two) at stein and stern. The total length of the vessel between perpendiculars, and exclusive of the beaks, is 220 feet; her breadth, 5.1 feet; deptii, 2(5 feet (! inches; and the burden, according to the builder's measurement, is in round numbers 3.000 tons. When fully equipped for sea her draught of water will be 14 feet, and the armament she is intended to carry is 2S (Jvpounders on her main deck, all protected by her armour- plates, with two large pivot rifled IDOpounders on the upper deck. Thus armed mid equipped her portsills will be (5J feet above the water— nearly 3 feet nearer the water than those of the Warrior class, and rattier more than a foot higher from it than the portsills of the once famous La (iloire. With anything like tolerable speed and fair weather to act in, the Pervenitz would be a formidable vessel. As it is, she will scarcely be formidable to sailing vessels unless she catches them becalmed, for her horse power, instead of being at least 600, is only 300, which, with the great displacement of her mid ship section, the Uulk and weight of her huge beak under water forward, and the dead water she is sure to tow after her beak astern, all seem to show that even in her trial tiip nine knots is likely to be her highest rate of speed. In a seaway we shall be much mistaken if she can command even this average momentum. The launch, as is usual wilh all the launches at the Thames Works, was managed to perfection. The Earl of Caithness, the Larl of Macclesfield, Loid Wenlock, Lon Richard Grosvenor, Mr. W. S. Lindsay, M. P., Mr. Ayrton, M.P., with a number of Russian officers, the Directors of the Thames Company, and a large circle of invited guests were present on the occasion. At 2 o'clock Jliss Hume christened \- the vessel, and at once, without check or hindrance, she went down the slips into the water with per fect ease. On the water, as we have said, she looked intolerably ugly, and, what is more, seemed to show that she must prove a wet, heavy, and most uncomfortable boat in dirty weather. In a head sea her bows will always be awash, while the incline of her sides, or 'tumble home,' will facilitate to the very utmost her tumbling everywhere in a heavy swell. It was impossible to look at her whole form, at the designs for the construction of the Spanish and Turkish frigates, and then turn to the colossal shape yet exquisitely fine lines of the Minotaur, building in the same yard for our navy, without feeling at once the almost immeasurable superiority in size, in strength, ami in speed which the English ships of this class possess. Almost every iron-clad frigate or floating battery in the world, except the American failures and two frigates constructing in France for the Italian Government, is beinjj built in England for foreign Governments. An impartial examination of all these varied plans ami systems affords the most convincing proof that in size, speed, and strength our iron-clads are as much beyond those of foreign navies as our screw liners are beyond the old sailing 74's of 20 years ago. There is not a foreign iron-clad on which half as much money has been spent, ton for ton, as with every economy we are obliged to spend on ours to make them perfect, and there is not as yet one foreign iron-clad which in real efficiency is worth a tenth of one of ours.— Time*, May 20. VESSEL IN HARBOUR. ADELAIDE, schooner (British), 70 tons, G. Cole man, master, from Wallaroo. C. Lamb, Fort, agent. Company's Wharf. ALEXANDER, schooner (British), 3d tons, Schmidt, master, from Cape Jervis and Yanka lilla. J. Hart and Co. agents. ANT. steamer (British), l« tons, F. P. Snewin. master, from Port Robe and Port MacDonnelL W. Younghusbaud and Co., agents. Com pany s Wharf. ANTAGONIST, barque (British), 404 tons. Hill, master, from London. Philip Leu and Co, agents. Levi's Wharf. BEATRICE, Government schooner, 99 tons, Com mander Hutchison, R.N., from a survey cruise DON RICARDO, barque (British), G. Jeffery, master, from- Liverpool. Hairold Brothers, Town; Cleland, Page, and Co., Port, agents. Company's Wharf. ECLAIR, schooner (British), 36 tons, C. Heath, master, from Wallaroo and Kangaroo Island. Company's Wharf. ELIZABETH, brigantine (British), 127 tons, J. Murray, Master, from Port Frederick. Robin and Le Messurier, agents. Company's Basin. GAZELLE, brig (British), 178 tons, J. WhitweU. master, from Wallaroo. J. W. Smith, agent. ? Queers Wharf.' JOHN KNOX, ship (British), 296 tons, J. Munro, master, from London. Elder, Stirling, and Co., agents. Queen's Wharf. KANGAROO, cutter(British),3Gtons,Cheeseman, master, from Wallaroo aud Kangaroo Island. Company's Wharf. KEL-LERMONT, brigantine (British), 144 tons, C. W. Gallois, master, from Port Frederick. John Newman and Son, agents. Company's Wharf. LAUGHING WATER, barque iBritish). 222 tons, \- G. Newman, master, from Mauritius. Philip Levi& Co., agents. Levi's Whart. LUBBA, steamer (British), 220 tons, H. Ward, master, from Port Lincoln and Port Augusta. \- J. Darwent, TownrJ. Stilling and Co., fort, agents. Company's Whart IMEO, schooner (British) 40 tons, A. Reid, master, from Yorke's Peninsula. Company's Wharf. (K1ENT, ship (British), 1,030 tons. J. Harris, master, from London and Plymouth. J. Stilling and Co., Town; J. Fonnby, Port, agents. Prince's Wharf. iARAfl, cutter (British), 15 tons, McKay, master, from Port Wakcfield. Company's Wharf. iORATA, barque (British), 336' tons, A. W. Jack, master, from Sydney. J. Nejrman and Son, Port, agents. Company's Wharf. STATELY, barque (British), 565 tons, 'Wycherly, roaster, from Wallaroo. Elder, Stirling, and Co., agents. Company's Wharf. SUMMER CLOUD, barque (British), 355 tons, A. E. Abbott, master, from Newcastle. H. Cowie, Town ; Captain Abbott, Port, agents. Copper Company's Wharf. COMATIN, barque. (British), 332 tons, Gricrson, master, from Newcastle. H. Simpson, agent. In the Stream. If ATALA, Government schooner, Carson, master, from the Lighthouses. FOUNG AUSTRALIAN, steam-r (British). °« tons, J. Creer, master, from Clinton. J. T. Creswell, Port, agent. At the North Arm. 3TAG, barque (British), 258 tons, Ellis, master, from Glasgow. Philip Levi and Co., agents. At Light's Passa'ge. WALLAROO, barque (British), 611 tons, Spurrel, master, for London. Elder, Stirling, and Co., agents. AT THE LTGHTSHrP. ALWYNTON, barque (British). 491 tons, John Hole, master, from London. Captain, agent. LETTICE CATHERINE, barque (British). 301 tons, Evan Evans, master, for Brisbane. J. W. Smith, agent. LOUISA, three-masted schooner (British), 244 tons, Williams, master, for London. LIder, Stirling, and Co., agents. VESSELS EXPECTED. From London. ASSHUR, Collie, master, sailed May 16. CAROLINE EJLIZABETH, Woollan, master, loading May 25. CLAN ALPINE, Sim, master, loadinc May 25. COONATTO, Begg, master, loading May 25. ELPHINSTONE, Macbeth, master, loading May 25. EUPHRATES, Cawen, master, loading May 25. IRENE, Bruce, master, loading May 25. JOHN NORMAN, Miles, master, loading May 25. MARGARET DAVIS, Davis, master, loading May 25. MURRAY, Legoe. master, loading May 25. PRIMULA, Smith, master, loading May 25. STARBEAM. Reid, master, sailed April 29. THYRA, Eager, maste -, loading May 25. From Plymouth. ADAMANT, 815 tons, with Government and as sisted immigrants, to sail June 2!). From Liverpool. CONTEST, Leiehton. master, loading May 25. PRINCESS ALICE, Ruff, master, loading May 25. RODERICK DtiU, McPherson, master, sailed April II. TORONTO, Torrnnce, master, sailed May 21. Fhom the Baltic. PETER DICKSON, barque. From Hamburg. STEINWARDER, Ericksen, master, sailed May 21. From Puget Sound. STARLIGHT. From Mauritius. AZOF, sailed June 24. From Melbourne. ATLANTA, barque, entered out July IS. ST. OSWIN, barque, entered out July 28. From Sydney. ALICE CAMERON. ANN SANDERSON. DRAGON, barque, sailed July 25. GUSTAF ADOLF (via Newcastle), sailed July IS. From Newcastle. FROWNING BEAUTY, barque, loading July IS. MARCHIONESS, schooner, sailed July lti. REBECCA, barque, sailed July 23. WILHELMINA, sailed July 20. From Hobart Town CAMILLA, schooner, sailed July 14. ENSIGN, brig, cleared out July 22. From New Zealand. ACACIA, barque (from Hokianga), cleared out July 7. ? 