SHIPS' REPORTS. THE FIERY STAR. The Black Ball clipper ship Fiery Star, 1360 tons register, dropped her anchor in Brisbane Roads at 2 p.m. on Friday, after a passage of 94 days from Queenstown. She is originally from London, at which port she embarked 324 passen- gers, and sailed from Gravesend on the 11 th August. She took her departure from Queens- town on the 19th of the same month, having taken on board at that place 230 emigrants, all of whom were under the medical superintendence of Dr. J. J. Luce. She has in addition to the large num- ber of passengers, 800 tons of general merchan- dise. The ship is under the command of Captain W. H. Yule, who, we understand, visited this port some 13 years ago in a ship called the Lima. The whole of the immigrants, 554 souls in all, were in good health at the time of the Health Officer's visit, with the exception of six persons, who wore suffering from debility. During the voyage, measles, influenza, and other catarrhal complaints were common, but considering the crowded state of the vessel, the mor- tality was not great, only, nine deaths, all of which were those of infants, having taken place. The last occurred on tho 20th of October, and resulted from diarrhaea. There were four births, of which two were males. The emigrants from Queenstown were accompanied by the Rev. Father Dunne, R.C.C., and the Rev. Mr. Golding, R.C.C., who performed the services of the Roman Catholic Church for such as belonged to the creed. The Rev. J. Hinton, Baptist Minister, officiated for a portion of the passengers, and the surgeon- superintendent, Dr. Luce, read the An- glican services for those belonging to the Episco- palian Church. We may further mention that, notwithstanding the great diversity of religious opinion which prevailed, there was no unpleasant- ness throughout tho passage from that cause. The following ls an analysis of the nationality of the passengers :- 372 English, 174 Irish, and 53 Scotch. Of the total number 248 are single men, and 73 single women, the remainder being married couples with their families. The following are the names of the saloon pas- sengers :- Rev. J. Hinton and Mrs. Hinton, Rev. Father Dunne, and the Rev. Mr. Golding, R.C.C., Mr. and Mrs Graham, Mr. and Mrs. Linde, Mrs. Tllson and 2 children, Miss Fanny Tilson, Miss Jane Carter, Messrs. E. Butler, W. Butler, J. G. Higginson, Fitzroy Somerset, W. Bruce, A. Willmott,R. Beaumont, E. D. Freeman, W. Col- linson, C. Bartlett, B. C. Parr, Hager (3), and E. A. Corrie. During Friday night sixteen of the crew of the Fiery Star lowered one of the boats hanging from the davits and deserted. It ls supposed that several of the passengers who could not be found when the Immigration agent mustered the pas- sengers have been induced to go with the runaway sailors. The Health Officer visited the ship on Saturday in the Settler, steamer, which, on her return, brought up a large number of the passen- gers. The remainder were brought up on Monday, the 23rd November, in the steamer Queensland, A saloon passenger by this vessel has furnished us with the following information, which may be relied on as strictly correct:- Tho Black Ball ship Fiery Star, Captain Yule, sailed from London on the 10th, and Queenstown on the 19th of August. The first day's run from Queenstown, made with a favourable breeze, was 290 miles; from that to the Madeiras, which we sighted on the 28th, the winds were light and variable. We fell in with the trades, a little north of Madeira, which were also very light, and the equator was crossed on the 14th of September, twenty-flve days from Queenstown. The south-east trades were very unfavourable which obliged us to run closer to the Brazilian coast than is usually done. We passed the meri- dian of the Cape on the 8th of October, and reached Tasmania on the 7th of November. From that to Moreton Heads, which we reached on the 19th, we experienced a continual succession of calms and head winds. Had our ship met with anything like favorable weather from the Cape we could easily have made the passage from pilot to pilot in seventy days. The Fiery Star, which has been lately purchased by Messrs. James Baines and Co. for the Queens- land trade, is 2500 tons burthen, and 1360 tons register. She is the most perfect model of a clipper I have ever seen, and is fully equal to her appearance. During the voyage we never got twenty-four hours continuous of a good, strong, favorable wind; and on one occasion she ran 334 miles in twenty-two hours. The Fiery Star brings out 554 souls, equal to 502 statute adults, not including the captain, officers, or crew. Of thes, 30 are in the saloon, 71 in the second cabin, 42 in the intermediate, and 411 in the steerage. 324 embarked at London, and 230 at Queenstown. 327 are English, 174 Irish, and 53 Scotch. There are 49 from Lanca- shire, aud 224 assisted passengers sent out by Mr. Jordan; of those, 148 are from England, 48 from Ireland, and 30 from Scotland. There are 68 married couples, 248 single men, 73 single women, 8 married females whose husbands are not on board, 3 widows, 69 children, and 17 infants. We have had very little sickness during the voyage; any that has taken place has been prin- cipally owing to the changes in the wea- ther and variations of temperature. Nine deaths only have occurred out of the whole number. of passengers, and these have been entirely amongst infants and very young children, most of whom were in a sickly and enfeebled state of health when they embarked. Four births occurred, and all the infants are doing well. Much credit is due to Dr. Luce, the surgeon superintendent, for the efficient manner in which he discharged his duty, and for having maintained strict order and discipline during tlie voyage. The paternal care with which he watched over and protected the single women, who were especially under his charge, cannot be too highly com- mended, and the services of so vigilant an officer, will, I have no doubt, be acknowledged by the Queensland government. We spoke the following vessels during the voyage:- September 6 ex- changed signals with the American ship Uncas, from Liverpool for Bombay, 31 days out. Septem- ber 8 exchanged signals with the American ship Atlanta, from Hull to Monte Video. On the same day, exchanged signals with the British ship John Bunyan, from London for Otago, 25 days out. On tho 13th exchanged signals with the British ship Robert Henderson, from Glasgow for Otago ; and on October 14 exchanged signals with the Danish barque Salamander, from Cardiff for Batavia, 74 days out. The Fiery Star brings as respectable a body of passengers as ever came to the colony. Most of the young men are from tho higher and middle classes in England and Ireland, and bring with them what is so essential to success in a new country, viz. energy, enterprise, and capital. Notwithstanding the head winds and calms we experienced, particularly from Tasmania to More- ton Heads, our voyage was one of the happiest and most agreeable. The best feeling prevailed amongst all classes of the passengers, irre- spective of their creed or country. The captain gained the sincerest esteem and respect of every one on board by his gentlemanlike conduct and his unceasing attention to promote the social happiness and comfort of his passengers. Complimentary ad- dresses have been drawn up and signed, to himself and tho doctor, and are published below. Captain Yule is no stranger in Queensland; some of the old colonists will remember him. He carme out about 13 years ago in the barque Lima, which carried emigrants to Moreton Buy, and which was commanded by his father, Captain Adam Yule. 