THURSDAY, JULY IG, 1863. It will not be only among nervous or timid persons, not only by - mere " alarmists," that the following statement of our London correspondent, inserted in yesterday's Argus, will have been read with very serious apprehension :-" The " small-pox is raging virulently in Lon " don and other parts of England. Tho " mortality is very great. The hospitals " are crowded, and temporary buildings " havo had to bo fitted up for the suf " ferers ; and the whole subject of vac " cination is being discussed with anxious " interest, both by tho medical profession " and the public." It is recorded in the Haarleian manu- script, written one thousand years ago, that the Anglo-Saxons continually offered up prayers including these words : I' I beseech thousands of angels that " they may save and defend me from the " fire and power of the small- pox." From the time when these words were written to that of EDWARD JENNER-of whom England has more just cause to be proud, and to whom the world has greater reason to be grateful, than any one man who ever lived-this dread scourge numbered its victims by mil- lions. In an opportune pamphlet by Mr. BELL, just published in Sydney, we aro told that, by un- doubted records, it has been shown that in the course of one century no less than four millions five hundred thousand per- sons hiive, in the United Kingdom, perished by this fell scourge, and as great, or a still greater, number in other countries. Mr. BELL also tells us that it was proved at the bar of the House of Commons-but ho does not say at what period-the mortality from small-pox amounted in Great Britain and Ireland alone to forty thousand annually. Since the time when people, panic-stricken by such statements as these, overcame the obstinate and often " religious" scruples by which vaccination was at first every- where met, a too great confidence in their future immunity appears to have possessed the people of Great Britain. Year after year, since his first report in 1858, as medical officer of the Privy Council, under the Public Health Act of that year, Dr. SIMON has called attention to the matter of public vaccination, and issued regulations regarding it. Each of these reporta has contained highly valuable suggestions, and statistical and other information. In his second renort. in 1858, Dr. SIMON stated that small-pox having been extensively prevalent in England, inquiry had been made into the stato ' of public vaccination in the affected districts, and advice given as -to the steps which might most properly "be taken with a view to arresting the epidemic. In the same report, he says, that in the metropolis " the great deve ¿' lopment which towards Christmas last " this disease was gaining, rendered " more active interference necessary," and the proceedings taken to insure the best means of diffusing "the safeguard of " vaccination," had been attended with " very satisfactory results." The follow- ing passages from the same report are of the highest importance, as showing the effect of adopting and of neglecting " the safeguard of vaccination :" " It having como to the knowledge of the Privy Council that, during a few months of the year 1868, as many as 41 deaths from .smallpox had occurred in. the registration sub district of Bridport (with a population probably under 8,000), and that tbo registered successful vaccinations were habitually very much in defect of tho registered births, it was thought necessary to inquire by an inspector into the circumstances of this case. Tho re- sult of the inquiry (made by Dr. Seaton) waa to show that vaccination had been very irre- gularly and inadequately performed. It was ascertained that all the 41 deaths by small- pox' were deaths of unvaccinated children ; and that at l^ast 30 of the sufferers wore of an age at which the law require« that children shall have been vaccinated. From the sepa- rate returns of tho three parishes of the sub district, it appeared that the public vaccina- tions in the parish of Bridport during the last six years had beoa respectively 112, C6, 60,33 104, and 23 ; in tho parish of Allington, during tho last four years, respectively 0, 3, 121, and 6 ; and in tho parish of Bradpole, daring the last three yean», respectively 8, 45, and 53, Neglect of vaccination is sufficiently shown by Hie mere difference of these numbers in tho different yoara referred to; but the neglect becomes still moro manifest when the vacci- nations are compared with the births. In the parish of Bridport, in 185G, while the births were 150, the vaccinations by the public vacci uator wero only 60 ; and in 1857, when "the births were 178, the vaccinations by the puhlic vaccinator were only 83, whereof but 5 wero performed in the first half of the year, tho re- mainder having been performed ' when tho alarm of small-pox liad commenced. In tho parish of Allington the noglcct seemed to bave been oven moro culpable ; for ia 1856, -when 60 births were registered, not a singlo puhlic vac- cination was performed j and in 1837, when the births were 03, the public vaccinations were only 3. In the parish of Bradpole, just before the commencement of tho epidemic, the number of public vaccinations was returned as 8, whilat the births wero d3. During the year in which the alarm of small-pox was provalent, tho vaccinations greatly increased: in Bridport from 33 to 104, in Allington from '8 to 121, and in Bradpole from 8 to 49. Bat no sooner did that alarm subside, than public vaccination was again greatly neglected ; the numbers falling in Bridport from 101 to 23 and in Alliogtoa from 121 to G ; whilo the births in the two parishes weie considerably above 200." These facts, adds Dr. SIMON, are given in detail, " because it is only by such irre " gularities of public vaccination that " small-pox can become epidemic in any " part of this country." He adds-and coming from so high an authority, this should he an effectual caution to us here-that in any place to which the contagion of this disease is brought, . there may. be expected " the same " disgracoful waste of life" as there occurred in Bridport, " if there be found " in it tho same disobedience to laws " which aro made for public protection, " and the same neglect of safeguards " which aro- now within every one's " reach." In the third report-that for I860 we aro told that during the three or four preceding years there had been some- times in one set of places, sometimes in another, occurring generally through- out England, epidemics, more or less considerable, 'of small-pox. Inspection was ordered, and it was found that, as regarda the disease in the inspected as compared with the uninspected dis tricts of the metropolis, the former, com- prising a population . of 1,076,853 per- sons, suffered 621 deaths ; while the latter, comprising a population of 1,285,383 persons, suffered 1,442 deaths. In other words, the small- pox death-rate (5 "7) in the inspected was but about half the small-pox death-rate (11 *2) of the uninspected dis- tricts. Moreover, of the 621 deaths which occurred in the inspected districts, only 231 took place after the inspection had como into effect. According to the standiird of the uninspected districts, the inspected districts, if left to themselves, would have suffered about 850 instead of 231 deaths by small-pox. In the course of these inquiries relating to the epidemics of small-pox, says Dr. SIMON, " as well as in the course of certain " other inquiries which related primarily " to local arrangements for vaccination, " there transpired abundant evidence of " the ambiguities «and deficiencies by " which, especiaUy in times of difficulty, " the Vaccination Extension Act is ren " dered almost inoperative for its pro " fesscd purpose." And he arrives at the conclusion that the act " to extend " and nwke compulsory the practico of " vaccination," as it stands, cannot work according to ¿lie intention of its framers. Dr. SIMONS observes that it has indeed been shown that a first touch of lésai proceedings is enough " to conquer the " mere vis inertice which, more than any " prejudice against vaccination," accounts ' for so large a part of the infantine popu- lation being habitually left unvaccinated. But he adds, that owing to the construc- tion of the law, that one touch is in most cases absent j "for, how are the " legal proceedings to be paid for ? " The registrar or public vaccinator, if ho sum- mon defaulters, cannot recover his costa, In the fourth and last report wo have received, that for 1861, further reference is made to the influences which have prevented the successful progress of vaccination in England / and now, early in 1863, " the small-pox is raging viru " lently in London and other parts of « England." This fact, coupled with those we have quoted from Dr. SIMON'S report, should1 not be without effect here. Are wo sufficiently protected,' and is the law efficiently carried out ? Just now a furor emigraría has seized upon the philanthropists and poetical economists of Great Britain. Societies of both sexes are being formed in every convenient centre, pamphlets are scattered broadcast, the colonial bishops and old colonists generally aro taking Btock of the opportunity, and noblemen aro earnest in quoting DAVID to prove to the emigrant that though his experience' as a, passenger on the troubled waters may bo ¡.somewhat chequered, he may yet build bim a city to dwell in, sow his land, and plant his vineyard. It is being whispered on the plat- form that England is over-peopled, that the Malthusian prophecy is overtaking the country, and the population overtaking the means of subsistence. It is not for us to do other- wise than welcome the ebullition. We- are very well aware that it is based on the selfish theory of morals. A recent platform-speech of the Dean of Carlisle establishes that fact conclusively, After the old formula,' that emigration is the natural channel of relief for carrying off a surplus population, he adds-" Had it " not been for the difficulties occasioned " by this accumulation of people and the " present crisis, we should not have been " driven to this extremity." Mr. NEW- DEGATE, M.P., follows in the same strain :-" "When I speak of emigra " tion, I do not speak of it as a " desirable ? remedy in all cases of dis " tress. I have fought hard to avoid " the necessity of that emigration for .' which I am now voting." But we do not notice the fact to animadvert on it. "We rather mention it as a motive for additional stimulus to our own exer- tions. By all me.ans, let Lancashire's distress be Australia's opportunity.- As a rule, wo doubt the fruit of efforts be- gotten of a crisis. There are clear signs that the fever for emigration at home is an intermittent one. The cotton failure was the final cause of the nation.-d feeling, and lhere is no doubt, by a natural law of reaction, when the imme- diate effects of the cause have passed off, that feeling will collapse. For this reason, we would welcomo every'effort at home, without inquiring into the motives, for propagating tho gospel of emigration. Mr. KNIGHT and his coadjutors we know to be doing their best for colonial interests, but what we would have is tho sympathy and active co-operation of other than colonial agents. The Government has issued a Colonization Circular, it is true, but we Lave it on the authority of Lord LYTTELXON, that not one in five thousand ever sees the pamphlet ; and for Govern mmt to do anything that the people can do for themselves is contrary to the first principles of the Constitution. More effective promises to be the co-operation of the body calling itself the National Colonial Emigration Society It ori- ginated la.st year in the union of the National Female Emigration Society with the Colonial Emigration Society of Birmingham. From the most recent accounts of its proceedings, we have reason to know that it is making favour- able progress, and that it has received a large and influential support. Lord LYTTELTON has undertaken the duties of Presideut ; there are twenty-two colo- nists, connected with twelve important Crown colonies, on the committee, and the Duke of NEWCASTLE has promised to lend it all the official aid in his power. It is certain that too much exertion cannot be made in the cause, and the influential people of Englandmay, through machinery of this sort, contribute to the work by giving advice and guidance. In the agricultutrtl districts, there are areas im- pervious to the colonial agent. As a rule, an Englishman is not a locomotive animal. Love of the village is part and parcel of his natural instincts, and to overcome his aversion to a foreign voyage requires more diplomacy and more time than a colonial agent can well spare. In considering the crisis, a collateral ques- tion arises, how far it may be made sub- servient to the interests of Australia generally, and of Victoria in particular. | It would be useless to feign ignorance of the fact that we have a very for- midable rival in America. In the statistics of emigration for 18C1, for example, 50,000 persons selected the States for their scat of colonization, while not half that number entered for Australia and New Zealand. Even the ungenial cli- mate" of Canada is not without very large attractions, which we suspect will be multiplied when it becomes known that the Canadian Legislature has just sot apart half a million of acres for free distribution to new settlers. The great drawback wo offer as an immigrating colony is, without doubt, our distance from the centres of surplus population ; in other words, the secret of America's success is the cheap passage. An english labourer is not a metaphysical being, and, on the other hand, he is a strictly calcu-1 lating one. Once he can be uprooted from his native soil, he asks few questions about the m.inners and instincts of the country ho may go to, but he has a very keen appreciation of the demand on his time or lus purse for reaching it. He does not trouble ldmself lnuch about ungenial institutions or an ungenial climate. The question with him resolves itself into one of immediate outlay. And if he can get for four pounds what he will otherwise have to pay twenty for, he takes it, and is therewith content. This is the prin- ciple on which the general English emigrant selects his country of adoption. And it is for this principle that our policy should prompt us to legislate. There is a philosophy accordingly in the free-passage system, not to be dis- regarded. Lord LYTTELTON, in a speech before the society we havo already re- ferred to, put the whole gist of the case clearly in a few words-"to ask a poor " man to contribute £5 towards his pas " sage was often the same as to ask him " to contribute £50-the one being just " as much out of his reach as the " other." We. have told the tale-it is not for us to apply the moral. If emigration, however, is still to be only assisted, a very little appreciation of human nature and of arithmetic, after what we havo said, would justify the system of contributing to the expenses of the emigrant all over and above the sum equivalent to the cost of a passage to America, for which only he should be responsible. Lack of generosity on our part, there is a consolation in feel- ing, is only lack of policy. We must suit our terms to meet the fluctuations of the mai&et.; In a competition of this sort, wo cannot afford to be outbid. At the weekly meeting of the council of the Acclimatisation Society-present, Dr. Black, Professor M'Coy, and Messrs. James Smith, F. fy Godfrey, G. W. Rusden, O.T. Griffith, S. H. Blndon, Albert Purchas, T. T. A'Becketr, H. J. Chamber?, and Thomas Enabling-a letter'was read from tho department of Lands and Survey, stating that tho Governor in Council bad beon pleased to reserve a portion of Philip Island for the purposes of acclima- tisation, which portion had been placed under the control of tho council of the society, as notified in the Government Omette of the 7th inst. A letter was read from Mr. M'Oullough, of Marjborough, who has already borne half the expenso of tho introduction of tho Oash menrgoat, accepting the tonna offered him by the council, of purchasing the two young Angora bucks bred at tho Eoyal Park. Mr. M'Cullough adds :-" I hopo the coun- cil will not think that, because they have granted my request for thotwo young Angora bucks, I havo given up the idea of having anymore; on tho contrary, I shall bo only too glad to havo the opportunity of paying ^GO?, any time within twelve months from this date, for thirty head of puro-bred Angora goats." A letter was read from Mr. D. F. ßlhurn, offeiing, on behalf of Mr. Edward wilson, two pahs of the beautiful silver-grey rabbit bred from some animals introduced from England by Mr.'Wilson, which offer tho council gladly accepted. A letter was read from tho man in charge of the camela on the Wiramora, denying the statement willoh had appeared in print, that the animals bad been Buffered to become wild, stating that tbo ani- mals wero kept constantly handled, and were as tamo and leady for servico npw as on the day they left tho Royal Park. Lieutenant-Colonel Champ wai elected to fill the vacancy in tho council caused by tho resignation of Mr, Samuel Wilson. Tho second jear of the society having closed on the 30th ult., tho council elected Mr. G. Nicholson and Mr. W. Godfrey to audit the accounts of the society for the post year. Dr. Black mentioned that he had been Informed that the hares bad arrived safely at Philip iBland, where they were immediately liberated. Thoy wero seen on the following day, and appeared quite reconciled to their new home. The pheasants, partridges, and grouse on tho island are also doing exceedingly well. The secretary reported that he had received a telegram from Sydney, notifying the arrival there of the birdB sent by Mr. Layard, from the Cape, alw> that Captain John Smith had kindly consented to take, per Wellesley, a paii of native ducks and some magpies to the Zoological Society of London. We leam from Mr. Were, Danish consul, that His Danish Majesty has lniscd Dr. Frederick Mueller, I'.B, S, to the honour of knighthood of tho order of Dannebrog. We understand that Dr. Mueller was a former subject of Denmark, and prior to his coming to Australia he made a botanical survey ,of Danish territory, extending over a series of years. The collectors of the Benevolont Asylum beg to acknowledge tho sum of £7 8). from the Kov. Thos. Williams-part of collections made in the Wesleyan Church, Brighton circuit, in aid of the public charl ties. Lost night Mr. W. II. Lawson read his lec- ture on tho " Castes and Creeds of India," at the United Methodist Free Chapel, George street, ifitzroy. A small chargo waa made for admission, and tho proceeds arc to be applied in aid of tho fund for the extinction of tho debt on tho chapel. Mr. J. li. Brennand occupied the chair. There was only avery modorate audience. Tho Loyal Studley Lodge of the Indepen- dent Order of Oddfellow*, M.U., celebrated ita first anniversary on Tuesday night with a ball and supper, which tjok place at the Grosvenor Schools, Slmpwn's-road. About eighty persons were present, including repre- sentatives from several other lodges. The dinner and refreshments at the ball wero fur- nished by Mr. D, Hamilton, of tho Eureka Hotel. P. G. M. Blanchard presided at the dinner, and V. G. Ltdd occupied tho vice chair. The festivities were not brought to a close until early dawn. Thought the Loyal Studley Lodge has only been in existence twelve months, it musters a considerable number of members, and promises to be a flourishing branch of tho great society to which it belongs. We learn that tho Julia Farmer, with the cargo of alpacas, WAS appointed to leave tho port of Tocopilla not later than the 20th May, and her arrivftl may therefore be looked for at tho end of this month or the beginning of August. The loss in marching down the animals to the coast had been considerable, but a good number of lambs had been dropped and carried down, which would keep up tho numbers proposed to be shipped. Tho French authorities, and several mercantile firms, had applied to the Peruvian and Boli- vian Governments for pormiásion to export these ani muís, but wera refused, and the sole right to that privilege rests exclusively with Mr. Duffield, to the limited extent of 1,000. ' The Straits Times reports tho occurrence of a match on the Singapore racecourse between an Arab (a winher in previous races) and an Australian horse. The former was the fa- vourite, but the iatterwon. The -ïmessays : " The match between Garibaldi and Midnight carno off yesterday afternoon, at tho race- course, beforo a Urge concourse of people. The Arab, who was the challenger, had been considerably tho favourite, and his appear- ance, when stripped, went pretty far to confirm his backers in their good opinion of him, Midnight also looked well, but it was not thought that ho could stand the distance. At a quaitcr-past fivo a very good start was effected, the Australian taking the inside running, and a little ohead of his adversary. Tho running for the first round was done at a good pací, it being evidently the intention of Midnight's rider never to allow himself to bo collared, and to blow tho Arab, if possible, in the first half of the race. These tactics were successful, for Garibaldi could nover take the lead even by a head, and as he came in at the finish it was easily seen that the pace had been too much for him, and that ho was completely dono up. Withal, however, ho only lost the race by a length. The race was altogether a very beoutiful one, the two horses running close together all tho time ; and although Midnight had the lead right round, tho Arab continued tho favourito until the horses ar- rived at the straight running, when the punishment being administered to the Arab showed that his chances were gone." From tho Mauritius, by tho Madras's mail, wo havo our liles to the 6th May. Ono of the chief objections mado to the in- troduction of Chinese immigrants has been that only males come, the women being' left at home. Ono or two Chineso women only are to be found in the colony. Tho " almond, eyed " race, however, at last began to think that the weaker sex might be brought overi and various proposals have been made by them for the introduction of wives, or " single females," from China. Among a number of Cclcatials who landed yesterday afternoon at Sandridge, wero a Chinese lady and an interesting little girl, about soven years of age. The men, who appeared to belong to a better class than usually come here, had for themselves a number of cabs.' The lady and child wero accommodated with a close carriage, drawn by a couple of 'greys. When the luggage was all ready, a signal was given, and the whole party, headed by the carriage that contained their fair companions, started off at a rapid pace for town. A gen- tleman who was among the crowd watching the landing, very courteously handed the ladies up the steps of the pier, and saluted them in the calm and philosophical manner of their countrymen. Tho elder of the two appears to bo about eighteon or twenty, and in a Chinese point of view will, doubtless, be pro- nounced handsome. Sho is the wife of a Chinaman who" has made money in the land of his adoption, and who returned to the flowery land for tho express object of bringing her to his now home. At n special meeting of the Horticultural Society of Victoria held at tho Mechanics' Instituto yesterday, Dr. V. Mueller, vice president, in the chair, arrangements wero made for the annual meeting on the 29th inst. Mr. Clarson and tho honorary secretary were requested to draw up a ropoit to the subscribers. In consequence of tho import- ance of proceedings being at once commenced at the gardens it was resolved to apply to the bank for an overdraft, and that tenders bo immediately called for in respect of the drainage and ploughing required, Mr, What mough announced his iutention to present to the socloty a nurobar of young trees-apples, cherries, pcarB, plums, &c;, all named varieties, consisting of thirty-six sorts. Mr. Phillips, the manager of the, garden?, reported the re- ceipt of a number of choice vines from Dr. Mueller ; and also a number of trees, plants, &c;, for tho ornamental portionof the grounds, from tho Board of Agriculture ; a variety of seeds, &c;, from Italy and from England, received through Sir Redmond Barry. From Mr. H. S. Walsh, of Hawthorn-A China flat peach; a seedling apple, raised by himself, and named Longfield seedling; and a plant, novenia dulcis. No. ¡532, Loudon'a Entyclopscdia o/FlanU. Mr. Walsh states that tho plant was raised at Hawthorn, from seed presented to him by Mr. Charles Moore, of the Botanical Gardens, Sydney, in 18GG. The seed was taken from tho fruit of a tree growing at Paramatta, fifteen miles from Sydney, and it appeared at flrct to be very tender, as eaily spring frostB destroyed the terminals. It, how over, quickly threw out laterals, which have blossomed. Mr. Walsh is of opinion that, with moro maturity, favourablo situation, and careful treatment, we may expect to sec tho fruit, which 13 very delicious, and very like a Sultana raisin. From Mr. Robeits, there was received a number of loquats. Football has hitherto languished this sea- son, but a good match is expected to take place on Saturday, when the Melbourne and University Clubs meet to contest for the silver cup given by the Caledonian Society. The game will take place on the Melbourne ground, and both clubs are endeavouring to bring their strongest teams, into the field. At present the cup is held by the University Club. The Teñóla correspondent of the Smith Australian Advertiser states that two large flocks of sheep havo been prevented passing into South Austtalia from Victoria by the £cab inspectors, on the ground that thpy had pissed thiough. infected districts. The in- spectors aro said to be stringently enforciug the provisions of the act on the South Aus- tralian border. AVe havo our files to the following dates : Adelaide lltb, Launceston 11th, HobattTown 13th, and Brisbane 7th inst. They contain no nowB worth quoting. Tito adjourned meeting of Freemasons under the English, Irish, and Scotch constitu- tions, to discuss tho propriety of establishing an amalgamated Grand Lodge of Victoria, was held at the Duko of Hothsay Hotel lrst evening ; r.D.P.G.M. M'Olure in the chair. About thirty brethren were present. As soon as the meeting had been formally opened, Iho secretary, Brother A. Ellis, read the rcpottof the committee appointed to carry the design into effect. This document stated that tho provincial grand masters of tlio several constitutions in Victoria hud been communicated with, but up to the date named as one before which a n-ply was requested no answei had been received, save from the P.G.M, of the Irish constitution, who definitely pronounced against the pro- posed Fckome, which he pronounced ae need- less. Ho added, that nothing save tho de- fection of all the Irish lodges in Victoria would induce him to renounce his allegiance, or surrender his patent. In consequence of this, the committeo had addressed the several lodges under the Irish constitution, inviting their co operation, and sotting forth more fully the objects now hold in view, but to their communications but few replies had been recoivcd. Since then/the committee had received letters from the provincial grand mäste« of the English and Scotch constitu- tions, both of whom declined to join in tho movement. The remainder of the report con- sisted of a statement by tho committee of tho reasons which induced them to act, of the'r intention of addressing tho grand lodges on tho subject, and of the steps they proposed to take. In conclusion, it was stated that twenty lodges had given in their adhesion to the pro- ject, while thirteen wero opposed to it. On tho motion of Brother J. White, seconded by Brother F. Reid, this report was duly received and adopted, an nmendment to a contrary effect, moved by Brother T. H, Lomprîère, not being seconded. Tho voting was sixteen for tho motion, and nine against it. Before going on to tho next busi- ness, the chairman explained that it was clearly laid down in tho constitution that brethren, individually or in lodges, might correspond as they choso with their grand lodges; and ho contended, moreover, that it was quite legal for those favourable to tho formation of a grand lodgo to ask directly for the co- operation of any lodges in the colony. The secretary then read the three memorials to the threegrand lodges of Great Britain, pray- ing for permission to establish a grand lodge of Victoria, and giving reasons for the same. Brother R. Levick moved, and Brothei W. T. Hagan seconded, a motion, ordering that the memorials bo engrossed and forwarded home. Brother M. Rintel commonted upon the thin attendance, and moved an amendment, to tho effect that tho whole subject bo held in abeyance till the feeling among Victorian masons had ripened. Brother Hackett seconded tho.amendment. Brother E. J. Bradshaw reminded thoso present that beforo the memorials wera sent home copies would bo sent to every lodge in Victoria, for acquiescence or opposition, The am'endmcnt was negatived by four votes. The whole question of the establishment was then dis- cussed, and Brother Lompriôre opposed the memorials at some length. Brothers'Brad- shaw, R. Levick, J. James, Demaine,Bintel, Mountford, and Stokes, nlso addressed them- selves to the subject. In putting the motion, tho chairman explained that the memorials would bo accompanied by a declaration of opinion from each lodgo in the country. On the voto being taken, the motion was carried by seventeen votes to ten. Brother F. BarneB proposed that proper forms for expressing the opinion of the various lodges be prepared and forwaided. . The motion was seconded by tho secretary and carried ; and after a little desultory conversation, the proceedings con- cluded. At the Sandridge Police Court yestorday, a Bailor named Petor Bocg Hjartts was charged with disobedience of orders on board tho Dutch ship Mathilde Korner. He was re- manded until to-day. Henry Williams was charged with stealing a coat, vest, and trousors, valuo 38a. Od., the property of Adam Lung, a seaman on board the Boyal Dane. The prisoner was arrested, at the in- stance of the boatswain of the ship, in the act of taking the clotheB on shore. Ho was sen- tenced, to four weeks' imprisonment, with hard labour, in Melbourne Gaol. Frederick Jenner was fined Gs" or twenty-four hours' imprisonment, for having been illegally on the premises of Captain Walters, Bay street, Sandridgo. Mr. B. B. Gregory and Mr. Swallow were on the bench. A highway robbery, accompanied with vio- lence, was perpetrated at half-past two o'clock on yesterday morning, in King-street, near the cutting. In this case AV. N. Ingham, an employ'e in a newspaper office, was proceeding to his work, when ho was Bet upon by three men, one of-whom knocked him down by a blow from a stone. He became partly inson slblo, and it appears tho robbers proceeded to divest him of his overcoat, his hat, ond to rulo the contents of bia pockets, taking thonce 6s., being the amount of money ho had about him at the time. The complainant/ in giving information to the- police, states that he believes he can identify one of tho robbers. It may ha re- membered that a week since a robbsry of precisely similar character to tho above was committed at tho same spot. In the former case, two men only were mentioned ; but the identity of tho locality and perfect similarity of the outrages, leavo very little room to doubt that the same parties were implicated in thom both. This neighbourhood, from its solitary character and deficiency of lamps, and the facilities it offers to midnight marauders for Bccresy or escape, requires special vigilanco on the part of tho police to render it safely pas sablo after dark. At the Einerald;bill Police Court yesterday, there was but little business done. A mau named George Jemison was chatged with furious driving on tho public streeta. Ho failed to appear in answer io the charge, and a warrant was issued for his apprehension. The consideration of a second charge, that of breaking in a young horse in a conveyance on tho public streets, was postponed until a return should bo made to the warrant issued iu the first-named case. The presiding magis- trates were Messrp. Martin aud Finlay. An accident occurred yesterday, at North Melbourne, to a man named Alexander Steel, a drat man in the employ of Mr. Paterson, coal merchant, of Flinders street. Whilo attaching a traco-horso to his dray, his shaft horse moved on, and Steel was 'knocked down, and the wheel passed over his left thigh. Being found to bo seriously injured, 'he was takon to the hospital, where, on exa- mination, bia thigh was ascertained to be broken. At a meeting of tho Victoria Agricultural Society, held at Heidelberg on the 14 th instant, Dr. Martin and Mr. George Sherwin were elected représentatives of the society Jo the Board of Agriculture. The revenue and expenditure returns for tho year 1803, which Bhowed a considerable increaso in the re- venue and a large reductloa in the expendi- ture, were approved of, being considered highly tatisfaotory. The annual general meeting was fixed to bo held on the 30th inst., and a committee appointed to atsist in preparing the annual report. An inquest wns held yesterday by Dr. Youl, the city coroner, at Fitzroy, upon the body of Alexandra Puckey, a child of the ag.j of six weeks. The deceased had been laid down to sleep the previous day by her mother, who on going to her about two hours after, found her pnlo and unconscious, but still breathing. She called in tbo neighbour?, and ut once put the child in a,warm bath, and also sent for a doctor. The child died almost immediately. She had not been allowed to fall, nor was her face covered by the bed-clothes. Dr. Iffla Baid, being called in the previous day to seo the deceased, on arrival ho found her dead. He had made a post mortem examination of the body, and found the membranes of the brain highly congested, as was akotho brain itself. The lungs were greatly congested with dark fluid blood. The cause of death was suffocation, which, from the appearance of tho body, he should judge to have been accidentally caused. Tim jury found that the deceased died from accidental Buffocation. The treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital | begs to acknowledge receipt of £6 Is. lid. J from the ttustees of St. John's Church Toorak, as a donation to tho funds of the | hospital. Suverul petty acts of nocturnal theft have I been brought under tho notice of tho police | tho last day or two. A quantity of washed clothes, left out all night to dry, was stolon from tho house of Mrs. Cavanagh, in a lane off I Lonsdale street, duiing the night of Tuesday [ last. The fowl-house attached to the pre- mises of Mr. Bronckhorst, solicitor, Inker man-road, St. Kilda, was robbed on tho I same night, five turkeys, aud ten or twelve I fowl?, gamo and others, being stolen. The I value of the missing poultry is stated at | £G. A case of some importance will bo hoard in the City Police Court to-day. Achargo has I been brought by the Commissioner of Customs against Messrs. M'Ewan and Co., ironmon- gers, of having shipped gunpowder and per- cussion caps to New Zealand as " hardware."^ Thirty thousand caps and a quantity of powder were seized by the Customs officers in New Zealand, one of whom has arrived hero for the purpose of giving evidence. We aro requested to state that the Public Library will bo closed from the 1st to the 12th proximo, for tho purposes of tho annual cleansing of the rooms. Two or threo grocers holding licences which enable them to sell spirits in quantities of not less than two gallons at'a timo woie sum- moned, at the Richmond Police Court yester- day, Nfor selling a "itinglo bottle." Michael Noon, of Swan-street, and George Bryant, a shopman in the employ of Charles^ Fish, of Bridge-road, wore each fined £30 and £2 2j. costs, for an offence of this nature. The charges were proved by AVilliams and Ventris, two of the revenue detectives. AVilliams had visited the respective shops, at each of which, after purchasing two or threo shillings' worth of groceries, ho had asked for, and been sup piled with, a Bingle bottle of gin, for which he paid 3s. Oi. Ventris watched the proceedings from the outside, in order to be in a position to corroborate tho testimony of his brother de- tective. Mr. Fish was also summoned for knowingly permitting a single bottle of spirits to bo sold in his shop, but as there was no proof that he was aware of or sanctioned the sale, tho magistrates dismissed the infor- mation in his case, and allowed the defendant £2 2s. costs.-Henry Smith, another grocer, was summoned on a similar charge ; but ia consequence of the absence of the defendant'!) solicitor, tho case was postponed until next court day. There wero several other cases before the Richmond Bench yesterday, but they wero of an ordinary and unim- portant character. A richly ornamented sword, and a service of Bil ver plate, brought by the late mail, have boon duly received by Mr. Sturt, according to order, for tho purposo of presentation to Major Pitt, of the Victorian volunteers. Some time since a general subscription was entered into by tho volunteers, for the purposo of marking tholr sense of the efficient and abb superintendence of Major Pitt, by presenting him with a sword. Tho money collected, amounting to 100 guineas, was placed in tho bands of Mr. Sturt, and by him forwarded to Captain Chuko, R.E, in England, with in- structions that the balance, if any, remaining after the purchase of a suitable sword should be expended in procuring a service of plate. The sword io valued at JE50. Tho members of Ballarat Turf Club have voted a sum of £2,000, to cnablo the stewards to prepare their programme of the next races on the Ballarat course. £1,000 is to be devoted to the Champion Race. ' Rock, who lately nominated himself and others for tho representation of the Avoca, in opposition to Mr. Grant, was brought up on Tuesday, before tho Police Court at Ingle- wood, charged with abusivj language, and not being able to find security in tho amount of £10 to keep the peace, ho was looked up." The Ctiminal Sessions of the Supreme Court commenced at the Old Court-honso yesterday, before tho Ohiof Justica ; Mr. T. Adamson prosecuting on behalf of the Crown, Most of tho offences on the caloudnr were of a trifling nature ; and nine of tbp prisoners, in- cluding tho two men who committed a garotte robbery in a right-of-way off Bonrke street the other night, pleaded " Guilty." There was only, ono conviction during the day, nil the remaining prisoners being ac- quitted. It is expected that the trial of Titos.. Goodsir and W. R. Finlayson, for em- bezzlement in connexion with the Colonial Bank, will como on to-day. An address and a purse, containing a sub- scription amountiug to £27 12s., have b«ien presented to a German named Heinric Zornig, by tho inhabitants of Clunes, in acknowledge meat of his bravery in rescuing, at great peril to himself, tho lives of several women and children during tho late floods at Clunes. A magisterial difficulty has arisen at Bal- larat, in connexion with tho case of the Essex and Garibaldi mining companies' quarrel, better known as tho " Gunpowder plot." The. case was originally heard before Mr. Dyte and Mr. W. C. Stnith, local magistrates, and these gentlemen taking different views of the case at a certain point, retired to a prlvatoroom to consult. After a long absence, Mr, Dyte re" tnrned to the bench, and heard tho evidence produced alone. It was afterwards arranged that the Government should be solicited to sond .a polico magistrate to hear tho case, on the ground that tho local magistrates were all so mixed up, more or less, with mining matters, that it would bo im- proper for them to give judgement in the matter iu dispute. Mr. Dowling, P.M., was accordingly directed to proceed to Ballarat to hear tho evidence, and on Tuesday took his scat on the bench at Ballarat District Court for tho purpose. Before the case could be gone into, however, on an application for a postponement of the hearing, an objection was taken, which the Star reports as follows: " Mr. Dy te, J.P., said ho had heard the case up to the present, and he had been informed that Mr. Dowling had been sent to hear the case by Go\ eminent. Ho would postpone the case for a week, until ho ascertained what ex parte statements had been made to the Government to induce it to send Mr. Dowling to sit and hear the case. Mr. Dowling (producing a telegram) said he had been directed by Go- vernment to bear the case, but he had uo ob- jection, as Mr. Dyto had heard the ca6c, to havo him tit as chairman, Mr. M'Dermott should object, as the instructions from the Government were imperative. Mr. Dyte Buid he would not give up his right to tho Govern- ment or the bar until he heard more about I the matter. The case was postponed for a | week." We take* the following from tho Spectator of May 23 :-" \Vu aro glad to note that Lord De Grey has triumphed over tho Horse Guards in tho firdt terious encounter,-tho question of the New Zealand command. General Came- ron, an able soldier, and one who commands the full confidence of the colonists, is to be continued in the command. Every new mail, however, brings ovidence that New Zealand wants something more than a good Boldier au able Governor, such a man as wo might choose for India, if the troubles of the colony are not to smoulder on for ever. At New Plymouth, the land of the settlers has never been restored by the natives ; though two years have elapsed since the war, the settlers are still huddled together in the town of Now Plymouth. The mail roads aro closed against the Queen's maila,-Brilis)i wrecks are pil laged, tho mail boxes seized, and the settlers forbidden to aid the passenger? aud crew, and Englishmen arc prohibited from going near their own land, except on tho insulting and treasonable condition of swearing alle- giance to the Maori King ! Clearly Sir George Grey is not up to his work, and tho sooner a strong ruler is sent there tho better for the peace of the colony." It is stated by the Geelong Chronicle that Mr, Staveley, of Geelong, who unsuccessfully con- tested the representation of Polwarth and South Granvillo, is likely again to offer him- self for olection, on Protectionist principles. Tho fifteenth quarterly meeting of share- holders of the Maryborough Mining, Sluicing and Quartz-Crushing Association was hold yesterday, at 40 Elizabeth street. A reporter from this office attended, but was informed that tho proceedings were private. The entertainment at the Haymarket Theatre for the week has consisted of tho French drama of "Tho Dead Heart," fol- lowed by tho musical comedietta, " The Loan of a Lover," and concluding with the farce of " The Dancing Barber." Tho first piece, a drama in four acts, the scene of which is laid in Franco a few years before and after the Revolution, has been received with moro or less favour before audiences in England and in thiB colony; but depending upon sen- sation efftcts for its BUCCOPS, it requires tho auxiliary Buppoit of scenio grandour, and a numerous as well as strong company. As with several other dramas of the same class« " The Dead Heart " is not likely to mako an impression on Melbourne audiences; its in- cidents, although strongly marked as events, do not command favourable attention, and the narrow line between the sublime and the ridiculous is too often brought into view. Tho story of tho piece has been often told ; the principal characters are not drawn with any special view to originality, and neither the drama nor its representation is worthy of any notice, beyond tho fact that it addresses itself to the amusement of the moment, and having fulfilled this purpose indifforently, it will be soon forgotten. The comedietta and farce which followed are of better quality, and are good eneugh to restore the audienco to cheerfulness before leaving the theatre. At theTbeatro Royal lost night, the " Merry AVives of AVindsor," a " Night at Emerald hill," and " The Robber's Wife," wero repeated There was a good house. 