'TELEGRAPHIC INfELLIGENfäE. ¡ " ?l )1 - * * .,( \- "' - . JFroT tteßfi'M ana Empire.) ,.,¿",1 i " '[ GOULBURN. * %. Thursday.-Last night-a race-horse, named Charley Porks was stolen out of Mr. Simmons' stable, about eighteen mile from Goulburn. Simmons nnd another started in pursuit at once, on hearing the news. Information ofthe robbery reached Goulburn at 8 o'clock this morning, but the police have not gone out yet (3p.m), although we have fourteen foot and mounted constables In town.^ y .£ ;<? ?; .. Saturday,^ pim.-At the Quarter Sessions,- to-day, James 'Berrin, for assaulting"^ constable, was acquitted. William Maudsloyfor wounding, sentonoed to-twelve months'in gaol. I Moses Cavanagh, for larceny, sit months' in gaol ; and Charles Collins, for stabbing, six months' imprisonment. I WAGGA WAGGA. Saturday Evening.-A corpB of twenty-seven men lins just been sworn in ns'special constables/to protectrthe'inhabitants against the apprehended attack of bushrangers. -This step has tended to dispel alarm. " _ " ' . ~ BATHURST. - '-, , Friday Evening.-We have no further reliahleJnformation concerning the doings of the bushrangers since last night. There is no truth in the report that Captain M'Lcrio has been shot. He is now in town, and in good health. BRISBANE. Thursday, 6 p.m.-The body of a man, Bnpposcd to have been' murdered by, tho blacks, was found near Toowoomba-Efforts are being made to establish a gas company In Brisbane.« , u \Friday, C p.m.-A party ol fishermen' reported at Mary- borough they had been informed by the Wide Bay blacks t¿it a wreck bad been washed asliore nt Laguna Bay. From their description, she is supposed to be a largaivcssel. They'were nnnble to give any intelligence regarding tho, crew,-;-The Black Ball-ship Rockhampton, from Liverpool, bound for .KepjielBay, has arrived at Cape Moreton. She lins prt board 4C0 immigrants. Twenty deaths (have occurred' on board through diphtheria,-The demented man, who fnstedi for forty days iii Brisbane Gaol, has been made tho subject of a learned discussion by our Philosophical Society.-The new clip ot wool is coming down freely for Bhlpmeiit to Sydney. \--Tho Peak Down diggings arc turning out well Carriage 'of goods is £160 a ton from Rockhampton. , A tin dish lor pro- specting is sold at from £-2 to £4, and brandy 1b £2 per bottle. ' \- MELBOURNE.'" ' ' Thursday, 7-30 p.m.-The Escorts have brought down 39,238 ounces-The Provident Institute trial has closed. Judge .Williams summed up shortly but oarefully. The jury retired, and-on returning into court acquitted Mr.-Andereon,-but they wore unable to agree as to the other directors. They are still looked-up, vfîth little chance of agreeing on* their verdict. Rumour sajs eleven jurymen are for conviction atrdOife against. -EAtries are'closed lor tlic TurtiClub Race«-An agree- ment has been completed for a visit of the All Encl~«i -e' to Now Zealand, the sum bcln^" xtouu," ana all expenses guaranteed.-Mr. and Mn. Charles Kean's engagement is ' ratified with Mr. Lyster for eight weeks' performance in Syd -ney.-Markets-suspended in consequence of the "English mail being reported./-A sale Of KwO bags Danish oats was effected at is. 11(1. y / i ? , ,r \- Friday, 7 p.m.-Mr. John Thomas Smith is elected Mayor of Melbourne.-An nntt-oonvi« meeting has been held, at which n league was lormed and subscriptions guaranteed-lu the Prorident "Instituto trial the jury acquitted Mr., Foxton, but could not agree ns to the othci directors.-No signs of the mail steamer at present --fiio-owner-of-Talleyrand has paid the final deposit for the Jockey Club Races. ' ' ' ' Saturday, 0 p.m.-The R. M, 8. Madras .arrived in Ilobson's _Bay-at2.ô0 p in" and will sail at seven this evening.-"Chère is a great anxiety- for 'the delivery of the mail_The news uy mail is generally considered' favourable.-!-The" Haymarket ' Theatre , is surrounded by parties desirous -of-Beelngt Mr," and Mrs. Charles Keans first .nppenr ance. Everymyallable Beat is taken ; some were sold at quad- ruple prices' by speculators.-Paragraphs respecting the _Quecn.'8-projected marriage and the Prince of Wales' lorracr ' marriage are not borne.out by_the-English papers A powerful/ anti-convict league, with an aotive com mittee has been formed. His Etoellency the Governor is un -able to receive an address on this subject from the Government. -Arrived ./.T/fuie Munn, fromLiveroool.--A private tele- gram from Adelaide reports the loss ot the Alfred the Great, from Calcutta to this port. '1 ., ' """Barry S,ulH\nu playB.the Gamester to-night, at the Royal ; whilst Charles Kean opon«, In the same character, at the Hny r marketTheafrci The rivalry between the two-Theatres lavery \\. great. ---- 'f ' ii' . I . íADKliAinBI ' ' ' ' *' - Friday, 7 p.m.-ThoiGovernor-has received'"an Imperial Act netting at rest all doubts respecting the validity iof local > Acts^ The Imperial statute atatçs that all Acts passed rehall ' have the 'forte of law from , the date When thpy received the Queen's. assent, not- withstanding technical .informalities.-- Markets"unaltered. Nothing doing.--We have private advices fromiFoo Chow Fqp to the 18th August ,'A decline of two taels for light fla voury to medium teas ha'd taken place, and' from'one to two .taels for good 4o mediumi j The fall In'good teas is attributable to the extciislve demand in Australia for lower prised teas -The stocks in-chests of all descriptions of teas amounted to 64,814 lbs. The Coricl Balled for Melbourne, August 12th,. with 412,000 lbs ;, the-ATrnÍBtlce,~f¿>r""Sy(lney, on the 18,th August. with.5Mp.5no lbs. ; the Meander, -for Mclbourrie, same ' day, with.4oXÓop lbs ; the Thomns Brown, for Adelaide, with 231,100 Jbs. ; jthe Trepros, for Melbourne, with 301,500 lbs tea. The Keepsake and Juno wero loading for Australia. The total exports for Australia for the season ending "August, 18.tb,£ amounted to 3,401,171 lbs tea, against 4,050,1^0 lbs last^year. Saturday Evening -Wheat worth Cs. Flour ¡«"offering freely. at £15 to £10 -;-A splendid harvest fs expected-The troops embarked for New Zealand to-day. They ,weroaccompqnted to -the-port by-a large number of volunteers. Several fluttering addresses wiri presented to them on the eve of thelr,departure. -Rich specimens of gold have been discovered in tho Ade- laide Copper Mlnes.-withm twelve miles of Adelaide. Wheat is quoted at 03/ Flour offering frejly nt£15 to £10. -~-TTr HOBART TÖW.X. . 1 ? i > . l<> 1 Octob'er 7, via/Melbourne.-Parliament'will re-apsemblo on the 13th October, for the purpose ol appending the Stamp Act, which erroneously imposes a duty on billa of exchange,and cheque!,. .IherjUs n,8tr0ng agitation- for li repeal 'of the Act' "altogether. i u '< . ' 1 . 1 11 1 , < 7 ' ' á , XAUNOEÇTON. , , . ," ,. - October G, via Melbourne.-Mo"re frauds in ithe wheat trade, 1 have beon'dlBoovcred here.-The flour and ¿rain market has ,a downwnrdytehdency, thoîigh-quotations remain Tnuoh the same.-j-Trade generally dull. 1 >'¿ -i' : l \s ' ~ CAP KOP GO0Î) HOPE. . (rt -New&lromin;ó-'UapbWCjaSFYinn»-'"-"- iv-.^H-nfU- ícagmnr: 22nd.-The Federal cruiser Mohican had left TablelBay for the purpose of c/uislug oil the coast of Brazili. -The-Vnnder bllt was soon to follow.-¡-1 here is a great speculation afloat as to the fate of the Confederate prize Sea Bride,' Four mop for her ' ,-were.obtnined in-1'able.Bay from a'cargo boat, t She was mak- ing for SaldHnlmTBay, H.M, steamer Valorous followed >dier. \--Algrcat deaVof speculation existed aboui the Confederate firUe', Slea Bride. Four meirfrom her "obtained a vahsel in Tablo.Bay.'tOOk 16 cargo'and sailta for Saldanha Bay.' H.M.S. Valorous followed them.j ¡, ,, .¡i ..' < , -u 'i «1 .> 