SOUTH AFBICA. BY tbe Amerioon "bip A. W. Stevena, we have pipera f.om tba Cape ot Good Hope to Ootob r lOtb. A correspondent ot the Cape Argua, writing from D'Urban, ander date OotoberSnd, gives the following details of a great storm at Natal : Satnrday will be long remembered aa a bleak day in the annals of oar port. ' Never yet bave we had toreoord a aeries of disasters, ooontrlngwitbin so sbort a time, and aooompanied by the deatraation of so maoh valuable property. After a day or two of comparatively oalm weather, wbloh bad indaocd a general hope that tba storms of tho equinox had subsided, an easterly breeze sprang np on Satnrday morning, and grew in intensity through tba afternoon, nntil it rapidly increased to wbat may be oalled a gale, from the soddenness with wbleh tbe gale rcs?, we may pieBUtne that heavy weather bas been experienced ont at sea, and that the present abort but severe visitation waa not merely local in ita eborac ter. About one o'oloek a report roached town tbat tho Ber- mondsey had parted a cable. TL i i rumour did not areola very muon surprise, aa the vessel waa known to be, owing to her having no cargo on board, In bid trim to enoonoter a Btorm. An hinr or two later, bo waver, and more serious rumours were sent up from the Pjint, The Earl of Hardwicke was said to have parted, and the Sebastian to be drifting ashore. A targe exoduB of people immediately took place to the Point, and a ead Bight was Boon to ba witnessed there. Tho Sobastian, a flus clipper barque of 490 loop, Oar« tiio Little, rr aa tbe first to soeenmb to tbe clements. TbiB vessel only arrived on Monday, with immigrants from Lindon, where shs was newly puratoaed by Mr. Halli ot tbe D'Urban line. Being light, she neceaiarily pitched about considerably, and «boat two o'clock parted from both her oablee and drifted rapidly ahora, ward. Unfortunately for the barbour worke, the vessel's oourae WSB very dirent, and after toBBing about amongst the breakers, ano ran right np against the north pier, at a point about a hundred yerda from its present extremity, Urged on by the foroe of the wind and waves, together witta the impetus given by n body of deep water in a bole near the spot, tba Sebatttao came with terrino foroe against the massive timbers, - knookiag two ol tbe frames bodily ont, and Booming as if abe was b.nt npon foroinga passage through the stubborn barrier, No so, however. .Having damaged ber frontispiece, o.rried away part of her bowsprit, and lorn off her hands rai figaro.head, tho doomed oraft was driven landward again by tba breakers, and heaved on, bumping ogainet and terribly maltreating the pier aa abe scraped along it ; the railing was carried away for a considerable diatanae, many of tho uprights were splintered or bent Inwards, and though the work of destruction might havo been greater, it was bid eumigh. Tbobeploan canse ol these disnatorn by no means came Hoathleia from tho encounter. Her motal was pco'.id cd, and her tiabora daaaaged la . way wbieb two*!* lb« fa rf rf lawecdlfsärn? Sba «sundaAnal resting píaos blab ap (fee beaon, wilbla a few yards of tbe pier« and bat a little dlitanoa-. from tba dry sbor.e» end there efae lira, with all ber meets still Blending nighand dry a» low water;', i *. , By thia time an imroanse crowd cf spectators Hoed tba breakwater, all anxiously geeing seaward at' tba eigbt otber véasela wbleb were riding at anchor in tbs roadstead. Seldom, indeed, have we seen in tbis genial dime so dull nod leaden a ski, and ao fiaroe a wind aa those that made tl e soeno cf Saturday, remind many of1 old Eng'iab experiences. Tbere was ample ground for solicitude, as regaried' the rest of the shipping. An unusually beary and' tr ?'lied sea tried their oables to tba atmoBt strain. Ir was upon tle Bermondsey, new riding, , by ber last singla chain, and tho . Earl of Hardwicke, the noble Joditman, : which waa said' already So bavw parted a cabin, tbat public interest, waa chiefly concentrated. The brig Frans de Paul Amersin, wbieb has been detained in tbe roadstead for 80 diys, WOB rolling fearfully, apparently being often on her beam ends. The Priscilla, wbieb. hod been lowed out the day previously, and- waa full, of passengers and ' oargo, was riding very easily indeed, and did not, in faat, ann? t io the slightest degree dario« the storm. The Norman arao appeared".oomfoitable. Tbe two tiru véasele» however, being the largest, and perbapa the ligh'est outside, presented'tho greatest resistance to the elements, »nd pitohed occasionally to m extent tb»t ' . rxoited- apprehension. Still,' as thordvy pieaid on, and . they ell'h eld to their anoaorB, hopes were entertained that no ossoBltles would-take place.. Just be fere dark ihe Bermondsey slgtaHzed that Bhould sba ' part, ber captain woald make for tbe tatbonr. a bold, tboagb a wiae adventure. A* that commander, was Captain Joss, we knew- that tbe- ahlp woe in Rood banda. A considerable number o! spectators remained on the-beach to a late-bnnr. Tba wind showed little disposition to moderate amil-abont-ten o'olook when it quiobly subBided, leaving however, fer same home honra a very nasty aea running.. Hnrin&jthe; nigbt tb* Freon ds Paul parted, bat wa« brought ap by-anotber utble. Locking seaward on. Sunday . morning, moat of tho townspeople were saddened and surprised to see tba tall mantB of a large, ship towering-above-the Blaok Beach bush,' precisely et the end of and in a tine with« Smitb.itree». Theas, told a tale. Between two and three o'olook a. few heavier teas than usual rolled in, and drovo- tbs. Earl of Ba>rdwleke from bor oablee. Having besa driven, in nearer shore than usual, the noble vessel] aft*» twenty-five years of ooe->n seivise. tooud the Gape and Indian seas,.soon drifted ashore, ai d, is hejided high up, as we have desoribed. Not ainoo-the Minerva was wrecked on the B.offi have we had a catas- trophe of so Barlousa obaraoter.." Thia floe vesBt-l only arrived on Mor day, after a passage of thirty-seven days from Madras, with coolies, .and she was to leave aga!* on Monday or. Tuesday. She ia, as most of oar readers know, one of the best known of Green's oelobrated Indian linera. Her tonnage is 003;> alie, waa built at London In 1898, and it ie.: yet doubtful whether she ia insured, it not being our» tomary with large shipowners to insure in the ordinary ¡way. A considerable quantity of oargo, oonaiatlng of cootia atoros, remain on board, and ia the .prqpatty of Captain Madison, for whom tba ntrnost sympathy ie ex. pressed. Aa soon as the f ot of her being ashore bio&tne; known, immediate steps wero taken, under the anpetln. tendenoe cf MeBnra, 8. Crowder and Co., to land the stores, furniture, fittiiiga,. rigging, fee: Largo patties of natlroB were employed, hawsers were run out,.and the malnmastyery speedily lowered. Tba ship, aberdare, ia at present upright, and there will be no difficulty, in land, ing ibo cargo and other moveable?, Seldoss han thu back beaob been so animabad as it was throughout Sunday. - with crowds of tba townspeople engaged, in watching operational Daring Saturday night tbe brig Elizabeth Ann.parted, and diifted upon the Norman, which want to sea, and returned dnring the morning, Tho- Danish b:ig Catherina Jnrguesonolsserly managed tohoat ont to see, where ene was out of danger. By-Sunday, afternoon tba sea was almost calm, and the tag went oat and brought in tbe Franz de Pant Amerain. Considerable diBsatis. faction was expressed at tho Point tact, Ike Pioneer bsd not been engaged on Friday in bringing in instead of taking ont vesselai " Th eeo casualties, unfortunate though.they be, cannot be aaid to materially a fleot tbe.obaraoter of oar port. Beeta; tbat Ibo. Bermondsey, wilb.her solitary chain, saeoesafnlly »ode ont the worBt part ofithegale. It waa a lamentable eoineidenee that snob a gala from seaward aboald take placo at a time wben.Bo.maay véasela were In the roadstead, and the suddennosB with wbloh bott», wind and sea rose prevented? perhaps all those pre- caution" being taken that.otherwise might have heeo praitioable.'. We must, therefore, regard thia gale and its attendant diaasters en. one ol those visitation» ti wbloh almost any open roadstead is moro or less snbjeot." INQUEST OK ,THE . r.acs, ; Mn. W" TmtriN.-On Wed- nesday the Olerk of the Peaoo held an inquiry before tbe. resident magistrate into the. oittsumataooes connected with the death of the late Mr, William Turpin. Bicbard Ber thew deposed : I am master of the ontter Oem. Mr. Turpin, now deaeaBOd, waa .a passenger by ber.to Wal wich Bay. I left Table Bay cn Friday nigbt last, end eoon after a.strong breeze sprung np from the south. After we bad passed, to ibo northward of Dai oan liam', and while going at the rate of eight or nino, mile» an hour, I heard a cry of a man, overboard, »nd I went ondeóle and BBked who it waa, and a man replied it waa a pateen, ger. I immediately turnad tho veatel »boatand retraced! the ooureo, we had been pursuing. I could not lower a boat, as the aaa was running too high, and, would have endangered tho Uvea of «ny persona entering lt. I dare any we bad. gone about a quarter ot a mile be for a I oonld eoeoeod in putting tho ship abrief, end wa thea retraced our ocurao, I aaw nothing oi .the deoetsi d. nor oonld I have beard any eries exoept close by, on aooontit of the weather. Thia happened about twenty minutos paet nine o'clook In tho evening. I'had aeen deoeasotJ about five minutes before, and ba. then complained oí sea-sickness and went on deck. ? Tia had no life-buoy on board. I stood off and on till about two o'olook, when I:atood into Table Bay after the wind bad- fairly aet in. Henry Muller, the mate ol tbt> . Gem, deposod :. I was in the cabin lest Friday, night at about half' psst nine, when deeeaaed was. dreaming.' He cried out «Hold me fast, I om sot»j, I.can't bold oe.',' He then awoke, got np, and in doing so tumbled etwr tbe maalar, who waa lying olese, to nico. We 0Bk3d,tbo master if he had hart him, and then went on desk.. I followed bim, and be then atood batwoen the rail,and tho oompanion. He seemed eet-aiok. The vessel <v gave a luroh at tbis time, and be staggered bsokwajdp. Tba rail being low, he tipped overboard. I throw, a'rope overboard, and desired tbe man at the wheel, to put it hard down. Tho man at the wbeel and myself .wore nlone on deck at this time. Mr. George Gain deposed : I am a brother-in-law to tba lato William Turpin. I;wis on board with bim wben.be left, end. be apposred in very I good spirits. I BOW him on: dook a long, limo after the ! vessol left. Tho Clerk of tbe Peace hasieince rep »ted bia opinion tl-at Mr. Tnrpin was accidentally drowned. South African Advertiser, October 10. 