THE EMPRESS OF THE FRENCH AT MADRID. Tho Empress of the French arrived at the Royal Pahce at t ight o'clock on Sunday. An immense crowd assembled at the railway ter minus and in the streets through which Her Majesty passed, and gave her a cordial recep tion. The King and Marquis de Miraflores met the Empress of thoPrench at the terminus. The Queen received Her Majesty very affec tionately, Tho Empress of the French held a grand reception on Tuesday. The Queen of »Spain has given a slate dinner of SO covers in honor of the Empres^. A grand soiree took place on Wednesday, and on Thursday there was a bull-fight in honor of the Empress. Her Majesty was not present. Bishop Colesso—In consequence of tho pro ceedings of certain of the clergy in the dioceso of Natal, an address of sympathy and encouragement has been forwarded to the Bishop, signed by sixty one members of the laity, including many of the most respectable inhabitants of Durham, the capi tal city of the above colony. The Return of her Majesty.—rhe Qneen and Royal family are expected to arrive at Windsor Castle from Btiiaioral next Wednesday, 28th Oct Tiie King of the Belgians.—The King of tho Belgians will pass some weeks on the Lake of Como. His Majesty will then visit Mirauiar, the residence of the Archduke Maximilian, nud return to Brussels via Yienna. The.Society of Arts.—At a mc^IdJjCTu/^hnrs" day it was stated that on address had been pre* seuted to his Royal Highness asking him to accept the office of President. In his reply the Prince says that he should have been diffident about accepting the post, but it is the Queen's wish that be should do so, in order to mark throush him " the interest she feels in a body of which her beloved husbaud was so long tho head." Staves Declared Free in Cuba.—Many rebels'! in order to secure the value of their slave pro" pcrtv, have quietly sent their chattels to Cuba* hut this dernier rc*sort has failed them, as, through the instrumentality of Mr Savugo, onr able consul, many of these slaves have been set free. It is a law of Spain that any slave brought from the con linent or adjoining isles becomes free from the moment he touches the soil of Cuba. It is the same in the case of a slave being taken from Cuba ; to Spain, notwithstanding the colonial relations. —American paper. Royalty is Glasgow.—Oq Tuesday morning Prince Alfred, accompanied by Prince William of Hesse, went from Edinburgh to Glasgow, where j they visited the cathedral and several of the prim | cipal factories of that town. As their comingwaa j known beforehand the streets through which they I passed were lined with spectators, who lustily I cheered them as they passed along. Their j Royal Highnesses dined with the Lord Provost, ! and returned to Edinburgh in the course of the evening. Declaration" or the Kino of Denmark.—1The J/iombladeL of Stockholm, publishes the follow speech made by til' King on n recent occasion :— "I trust in the victory of onr canso. I am fully aware that iny loyal. Schleswigers ore Danish at heait after ail. To divide Sehleswig would he a crime against the people inhabiting it, and history shall not have to relate that the last of the Olden burgers has portioned out the patrimony of his race. Should we, however, 6uccumb in course of time, and should France and Sweden allow the southern province of Scandinavia to share the fate of Poland and Venice—the fate of being oppress- d by German Governments—I shall leave the throne aud proclaim the republic. I spent three years of my youth in Switzerland. I hare studied the laws and institutions of that country, and am pcisuaded that no people in Knrope are better a lapled for a republican constitutional Go vernment than my own dear Danish people.* — Emninj Star, 2(Uh October, Enormous Immigration into tiie Poiit of Xkw York.—Advices by the Asia slate :—"The immigiation at ibis pmt alone for 1809, up to date is computed at 100,OP0, while that, for 180'd, during a corresponding period was 70,l)0l)r making au increase of Si.OUO, or 8,000 more than the cn tiro totnl of last year. Between the 1st and 30th ult of the present year, 11,0S4 emigrants arrived in this city in 29 sailing vessels and 17 steamers. Of these 10,871 were bondabfe passengers, and 010 were not bondable. During the same month last year 8,402 emigrants arrived in -151 sailing vessels nnd 9 steamets. The arrivals daring two days of last week numbered 1,709 persons." 