TOPICS OF THE DAY. In consequence of the arrival of the mail from England, we have held over the detailed scores of to-day's unfinished matches. When completed we shall publish the scores as usual. Should there be any arrears of firing at the close of to-day's proceedings, the squads remaining will fire on Saturday, as per instructions to be issued by the firing committee. We have had an opportunity of visiting Mr. S. S. Stacy's academy in Carrie-street, and of inspecting a number of specimens of ornamental penmanship, the work of that gentleman, which shew by their elaborate and finish^ character the perfect command he possesses over his pen. Mr. Stacy has instituted a new system of writing, and one which seems so far as We can judge both correct in theory and easy and simple in practice. The alterations made by his system in the handwriting of bis pnpils after a few lessons is really quite extraordinary, but is quite intel ligible on his principles. It is worth while for those who wish to possess one of the most valuable of accomplishments, that of good handwriting, to pay Mr. Stacy a virit. It will be Been by a telegram in another column from Sydney that Mr. Cowper's Ministry have re signed, and only hold office till the appointment of their eucees?ors. Thursday's Gazette contains the following appoint* ments: —Thomas Graves, Esq., of Glen Osmond, and Thomas Greaves Waterhouse, Esq., of Halton Brook, to be two of Her Majesty's justices of the Peace for the; province of South Australia. Appointments in the Crown Lands and Immigration Department—Mr. John Davis to be clerk from the Ist July, 1863, in clusive ; Mr. C. W. Draper to be clerk from the Bth September, 1863, inclusive, race Warburton, resigned. Appointments made by His Honor the Judge of the Vice- Admiralty Court by virtue of the power con ferred upon him by Act of Imperial Parliament, 26 Vii, cap. 24—Win. ffinde, Keg., to be Registrar,1 and Win. B. Boothby, Esq., to be Marshal of the Court of Vice-Admiralty. The Gazette also an nounces that the Government Offices will be closed on Wednesday next, the J4th instant, being the day on .which the Government Prizes at the Bjfle Asso ciation Matches will be competed for. A proclamation appears in Thursday 3 b Gazette from the Governor of Queensland prohibiting the intro duction of sheep from South Australia amongst other places. A proclamation also appears in the same Gazette declaring that the Inspectors of Cattle in the province of Southland are authorised to grant cer- H6cates to land cattle shipped in the colonies of Queensland, South Australia, and Western Australia, and at the ports of Newcastle and Twofold Bay, in the colony of New South Wales, provided that the same are free from disease, on compliance by the matter of the vessel with certain regulations. The following high commendation of the 40th Regiment appears in the Gazette of the Bth inst: " His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief cannot allow the detachment of the 40th Regiment to embark for active service in New Zealand, without conveying to Major Bowdler, and the officers, non- commissioned officers, and men under his command, the expression of B3s Excellency's high approval of the efficient manner in which the military duties have been per formed, and of the orderly and upright conduct of the detachment since His Excellency's assumption of this Government. Major Bowdler and the detach ment under bis command carry with them the best wishes of the Governor-in-Chief, for their success and welfare, and for the speedy termination of die state of aflairs in New Zealand, which alone ;has induced His Excellency to assent to the temporary removal of the i3ot3?(4im?ri?: from South Australia." With reference to operations at the Karkarilla Mine, Capt. Cudlip reports under date October 3: "I am happy to inform you that the lode in No. 1 Shaft is still holding very good, and raising some very good ores; the ore course ranges from 12 to 18 inches." Under date October 6, he says " the lode is greatly improving in the last six feet sinking, and has every appearance of continuing. The lode is about two feet wide, carrying a very fine quality of ore.*' A telegram received this day's date (Bth inst.) states "lode in No. 1 Shaft greatly improving in quality and eize." A meeting of the Great Northern Australian Com pany was convened to take place at White's Boom s, on Thursday, October 8, but in consequence of the small attendance it was adjourned sins die. A letter has been received in town from Chief Inspector Hamilton, fiated 30th September, announc ing his arrival at Angipena from Lake Hope and the Eastern Plauis, and stating that he had not had any cause for hostilities with the natives in the Far North, Those he had met had conducted themselves Properly, and had dispersed on his approach. The Chief Inspector would leave immediately for Adelaide, and may be expected in town in about a week or ten days. A correspondent informs us that last Friday, as a youth named John Smith was taking his horse to water at the creek at Mount Torrens the animal shied and reared, striking the boy violently on the head. The doctor at Woodside attended the lad until be was able to be sent home to his parents, who live in Kensington. He is now progressing favourably under the care of Dr. Taylor. Correspondents, both in town and country, will excuse the non-appearance of several letters, reports, &c;, the news by the English mail necessarily taking precedence. The Mark Lane Express says —*? The change to colder weather, with a little rain, though still useful to the gatherings in the southern parts of the king dom, has somewhat delayed the northern harvest where the corn wanted ripening. With so large an instalment safe, some warm rain would be a great benefit to the grass lands and roots; and this is now becoming a serious want in many parts of Europe, especially for the crop of Indian corn in Italy, Hun gary, and the Principalities. The sudden appearance of samples of the fine new crop in many markets has this week materially affected prices—say on an aver age 3s. per quarter; and when the quality of the wheat is considered, this is an immense benefit to the country. Reports are more and more confirmatory that we have much beyond an average both in yield as well as quality; and in very many instances last year's poor returns have been doubled. The country, therefore, as well as the farmer has to be congratu lated ; and if the prices in Borne foreign ports keeps a little longer at their present range we may be able to give them a turn in the way of export, without fear as to the flour produced by British samples. Politi tically, too, in these martial tunes, it is well to have a good store of breadstuffn, as well as powder, not only to feed the garrison but to keep the cash more at home. France and the near eonntries are still gradually declining; but Danzig, from failures at home and fulness abroad, consents to abandon a crown per quarter, without restricting the decline. At New York there is a moderate tendency that way ; and it ib to be hoped that, for the sake of ensuring the custom of the South for breadstu&s; (likely to be increasingly heavy) the military method of making a brotherly arrangement will be abandoned." The following are the current prices of wheat and flour in Mark Lane: —Wheat, Essex and Scot, white, new 42s to 47s per quarter, old 38s to 445; ditto, red, new 41s to 455, old 403 to 425; Norfolk, Lincoln, and Yorkshire, red, new 41s to 455, old 40s to 425. Flour (per sack of 280 lbs)—Town, Households, 40s to 47s per quarter; Country 28s to 30a, Households 33s to 355; Norfolk and Suffolk, ex ship, 27s to 295. Foreign Grain.—Wheat—Dantzie, mixed 47a to 49s per quarter, extra 50s to 545; Konigsberg, 46s to 475, extra 47s to 48s; Rostock, 44s to 46a, fine 47s to 48s ; Sfleeian, red 43s to 455, white 45s to 47s ; Pomera, Meckberg., and Uckermrk, red, 43s to 465; Danish and Holstcin, red, 40s to 445; Russian, hard, 37s to 395; St. Petersburg and Bigs, 37s to 425; French, none; Rhine and Belgium, 44s to 46sj American, red winter 42s to 445, spring 40s to 425, white 47s to 48s. Flour.—French, 37s to 40? per sack ; Spanish, 37s to 41s; American, 19s to 21i ptr brL, extra and double 22§ to 25c. 