CURRENT TOPICS. In to-morrow's Advertiser will appear the monthly summary for transmission by the mail steamer. "We have heard that tho government do not intend to take any action in the matter of the Loop Line during the present session. It would be aB well if a deputation were to , wait upon the Minister of the Public Works | Department, and ascertain how far the pledge given them by his predecessor, Mr Johnston, will be sustained. Articles intended for the Ballarat Exhibition of Arts and Industry must be forwarded to Mr Wheatland here before the 3 th instant. The exhibition will be opened on the 4th of August. I The meet at Wallington yesterday was but ! poorly attended by the members of the Hunt Club, although the day was a most enticing one for a run. After breakfasting, however, and getting away in the direction of Williamson's paddock, the field assumed the decent dimen sions of some thirty pigskins. In the paddock just mentioned the pack picked up a sceut, and went away gaily in full cry. in les3 than twenty minutes a- flyer was viewed, and she or he kept dodging backwards and forwards among the paddocks of M'Culloch, Sptauf, and others, apparently knowing by instinct, that so far as the horsemen were concerned, its safety lay in fencing. This system of tunning soon made the field very select, and when after a splendid burst of an hour and a quarter, the hounds came to a check, and only five of the thirty were within sight. The pack here 8c emed to lose all trace of the game, and after a fruitless cast about to recover th» trail, it v determined to return to town. The weather was splendid, and the riding ground good. There was no business transacted at the Police Office yesterday, the charge sheet being a blank for the third time this week. A notification ha3 been issued from the Sheriff's office to the effect that the special jurors whose summonses are marked "for twelve/' will not Le required to attend the sit ting of the Supreme Court, to be held on Wed nesday, the 29:h inst, and following days. Mr and Mrs Hyde repeated their drawing room entertainment last night at the Theatre Royal. Thc-ir support, however, was below their deseits. Mrs Hyde sings sweetly and with much expression, and her presence should cer tainly add strength to this evening's entertain ment, in which Mr Julian Hall will exhibit his polyphonic and ventiloquial powers, assisted by other talented artists. Another performance by the members of the Histrionic Club is announced for next Wed nesday, the proceeds to go to the establishment of a soup-kitchen. It is reported, but on what authority we have not heard, that it is the intention of the govern ment to reinstate Mr Carruthers in the Railway Department, but iu a somewhat subordinate position. This opinion is very generally enter tertained by the railway officials, who are at a loss to understand the motive for the re I appointment. Meetings are convened in all the Melbour I suburban municipaliti- s to enforce upon those | qualified to possess the franchise the necessity ot at once placing themselves in a position to j take an active part in the general election which > is believed to be looming in the distance. The l prevailing apathy is most unaccountable. An enormous seal was on Sunday hst captured on the beach at Warrnambool, a few yards east of the lighthouse. The monster was first ob served by a fisherman named Waller as it was emerging from the water, and progressing slowly on the beach by means of it flappers. With the assistance of the lighthous'.'keeper the seal was soon despatched. It measured about nine feet in length, and weighed between two and a half and three hundredweight. Waller manazed to skin it; tho skin was spotted like a leopard. Twenty years ago, remarks the Waranambool Examiner, when this port was generally unknown, it was used as a station by sealers, and as Mr Waller was one of this frater nity, he has had some experience in capturing seals. He consider the seal a splendid one, and as it was a female, has no doubt it was the mate of the male specimen (dark brown) captured by Dr Harrington on the beach some months past. Our old townsman E. C. Strutt, Esq., for- ■ merly immigration agent in Geelong, has for the last few years held the appointment of Police Magistrate nt Eehuca, officiating also on tho opposite bank of the Murray at Moama, ; for which ha is paid by the government of New South Wales. The Victorian Executive recently intimated to Mr Strutt that he would be re moved to Rushworth, but against this the in habitants on both sides of the Murray vehe mently protest. They like their Poliee Magis trate, and do not wish to part with him, as evidenced by the following from "Wednesday's lliverine Herald : —" A petition to his Excel lency the Governor, very numerously signed by all classes of people in Echuca and the neigh boring districts, was lately forwarded to Mel bourne, praying that the Police Magistrate, Mr Strutt, might not be removed, as had been ordered by the late Government, to Rushworth. Many good—and as we think unanswerable— reasons were given for this request, and it cannot be said that the petition was not couched in proper and respectful language. On Saturday last a reply was received from tho office of the Attorney-General, refusing to rescind the decision of tho previous law officers,' because 'it ha* beta MeerUined that, b? betweta the contending claims of Rusbworth. and Enhuca, the public service requires Mr S'rutt's head quarters to be at the former place.' The petitioners may well complain that this is a lame and unsatisfactory reply; they are Bet down as being all of them residents at Echuc.% whc-reas the majority of them are inhabitants of Lhe districts surrounding it, not persons dwel ling immediately around the doors of the Echuca Police Court, but men who for years have felt at a distance the beneficial influence exercised throughout a wide space of country by a worthy, just, and experienced magistrate resident at Echuca." The Riverine Herald of Wednesday, thus reports of the weather in the Murray country : —" The late rains have brought up the grass through the country generally, in a manner most grateful to squatter eyes. We hear from all quarters excellent accounts of the appear ance of tho feed. Carriers and drovers, though they have nut J and water to contend with to a great extent, find a very satisfactory pro contra in the amount of edibles for their s'.ock." The CluueB Gazette explains some rather bizarre opinions put forth in a late issue by as surin:? its readers that the article was meant as a burlesque on leading articles generally. There is one good feature about the Clones Gazette, it devotes considerable space to Geelong intelli gence. The last issue of the Illustrated Melbourne Post contains an original song entitled " The Rose o' Denmark," written by Mr George Lindsay and set to music by Mr W. M. Akhurst, both of Melbourne. It was written for the Caledonian Society's fefe in celebration of the Royal marriage. The first verse runs thus : — In the sunny sunny South, the winds may saftly An' wi* mony rich perfumes be laden, But there was na' there a flotv'r to Albert Edward's e'e, Sae bonny as a young Danish maiden. 