FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1864. Tile forcible disruption of the ancient kingdom of Denmark by two of the leading powers of Europe, without a word of protest from, the others, is a fact full of instruction for the political phi- losopher. A moro shameless deed of violence was never perpetrated in tho world since the invasion of Poland by the Empress CATHERINE in the year 1793\. The provinces of Schleswig and Holstein have been a part of the Danish dominions for nearly five hundred years. They have, in fact, been longer attached to the Danish Crown than Burgundy to France, or the provinces of Prussia proper to Germany. For ages, and at least since the modern European system has been built up, ithas been held to be an essential point of the international policy of Europe, that Denmark should be strong enough to preserve a respectable placo among the Northern powers ; and the guardianship of the gate3 of the Baltic in her hands was considered as much an object of general concern as the independence of Switzerland. But it has been permitted to one unscrupu- lous German politician, of no particular ability, and of no great influence even in his own country, to upset tho arrangoment which has been maintained saciod for centuries, and, by the forcible seizure of Schleswig-Holstein, virtually to add two new provinces to Prussia, and so lo weaken the already feeble kingdom of Denmark as to render her at once powerless to act any longer with effect as protector of the Baltic. And while Count BISMARCK has been playing his game so successfully, all Europe stands by with folded hands, be- cause it is nobody's business to interfere. England would'have been willing to act if France would have joined her ; but France having been refused a similar good office a short time ago by England, was sulky, and would not move. As for Russia, the distraction happened most opportunely, for while Europe was look- ing on at the seizure of Schleswig-Hol- stein, she was able quietly to crush Poland without attracting any particular notice. The end of it is, that Couut BIS- MARCK'S design has been perfectly suc- cessful, and that Denmark lies helpless at the feet of her robbers. In the mean- time, it is with some curiosity that we ask, what has become of that " balance " of power" which used to be an object of so much solicitude to the nations 1 Surely, the separation of Schleswig and Holstein from Den- mark is as flagrant a violation of the compact between the powers as the seizure of the Rhenish Provinces by France would be. If the " balance of " power " is something more than a fig- ment of the diplomatists, the increase of Prussia on the^altic is as great an element of disturbance as the advance of Franee to the Rhine. The peace has been broken, but where is the watch ? According to the accepted theory, the great powers occupy the place of an European police; but how has the system worked? Two out of the five guardians of Europe, having coveted the possessions of a poor neighbour, have set upon him and despoiled him, while the other three carry out only too faithfully their analogy to policemen, by looking tho other way, and protending that it was no business of theirs to interfere. Of what use, we may well ask, is what ia called " the European system," if it can- not secure us against such a deliberate outrage, in the face of day, as the spoli- ation of Denmark? Is this the last result of the theory of non-intervention? If so, we may well ask what it is that we have gained through the later philo- sophy, and how much better the world is in this civilizod age than when men were less influenced by "moral opinion." rJ he Danes at least have not much for which to thank the powers who keep the peace of Europe. In tho course of half a century, they have been reduced, without any fault of their own, first to a second-rate state, and now to something less than a third-rate one. The Congress of Vienna robbed them of Norway, and the Conference of Vienna has deprived them of Schleswig, Holstein, and Lauen- burg. And what is their crime but that they are weak and inoffensive ; that they are a peaceful people, who cannot afford to keep large armaments 1 The lesson is one full of warning to other nations who are inclined to imitate the Danes in their pacific disposition. Nothing is more striking than the fact which this Danish war has established, that the worst security which any country has against foreign aggression is in this very disposition to peace. Whatever tho apostles of peace may say, nations are no less inclined to be guided by passions in this nineteenth century than at any previous age. The love of peace has not prevented Denmark from being despoiled, any more than it bnB gained her friends against her despoilers. In what, then, have wo advanced beyond our ancestors, who deemed that the highest wisdom was, if you wished peace, to be prepared for war ? We have been pacific beyond all historic precedent. We have carried out the principle of non- intervention to its fullest extent. And what is the result ? The world cannot witness without regret the consummation of a crime so wanton and dastardly as the destruction .of Denmark. There is none of the kingdoms of Europe of the second de- gree which have earned so high a place in our esteem as this, or -whoso preservation was more essential to the cause of true liberty. And what have wo in place of the old Denmark ? The provinces of Schleswig-Holstein and Lauenburg will probably fall under the power of Prussia. The Germans will gain that long-coveted object of their ambition-a seaport ; but they will be as far off as ever from being a naval power. Nothing short of a miracle can turn a German into a sailor j and the mero possession of Kiel will certainly not effect that object. So far as the principle of nationality is concerned, it is likely to be as much outraged by the German as by the .Danish dominion over Schleswig-Holstein. Nearly one half of Schleswig at least is pure Danish, and if the boundary be drawn at the Schlei, precisely the same injustice will bo done to the Danish population of the duchy as that of which the Ger- mans complained. The probabilities of a rupture be- tween Prussia and Austria, on the question of the disposal of the Duchies, are so great, however, as to warrant a belief that the Schleswig Holstein question is not yet disposed of, Austria is clearly beginuing to be awake to the suspicion that she has been made use of as an instrument to serve her rival's selfish purpose. The smaller powers are already more than half dis- posed to go to open war with Prussia on account of her cavalier treatment of their claims; aud it is possible that the acquisition of Schleswig-Holstein may in the end prove fatal to the power which has taken a principal share in the spoliation. Tho P. and 0. Company's steamer Madras, with the August maila front England, arrived in ITohson's Bay between six and seven o'clock last evening. She encountered very unfavourable weather between Ceylon and King George's Sound, but from the latter placo hither she experienced Btroug westerly winds. Hor passage along the Australian coast was longer than ordinary, owing, -we understand, to the indifferent quality of the coals which she obtained at the Sound. The election proceedings ycslerduy resulted In the return, without opposition, of the Minister of Mines and Mr. Casey, for Man- durang ; Mr. Orr for the Murray District ; Mr. Macgregor for Eodney ; and Mr. Ramsay for Maldon. The representation of the other constituencies in the second batch-Ararat, Avoco, Creswick, Crowlandp, Maryborough, and the Ovens-will be contested. The polling lakes place on the 21st inst. Mr. Bay ne, one of the candidates for the reprerentation of the North-Western Pro- vince, has commenced an energotic canvass. Mr. Robertson was at Kyneton yesterday. Mr. Fitzgerald has just issued his address to the eltctoip. Mr. Andrew Semple has declared himself a candidate for Ballarat East. He avows free trade principles, and Is sanguine of success. Mr. W. M, K. Vale, one of the candidates for Ballarat West, held hi3 first public meeting -on Wednesday evening. Mr. J. G. Burtt met the electors of North Melbourne, to the number of 400, yesterday evening, at the Trades' Hall, Lygon street, for the purpose of explaining his political views ; Mr. M'Bean in the chair. He stated that he appeared before the electors as a supporter of the principles of the Reform League, which was founded some months previous to the dissolution of the late Parliament; and the chief point in the programme of which waa the land question. He was not opposed to the squatters nor to squatting, but he was in favour of making the squatters pay a sum equivalent to the benefits which they received from their occupation of the Crown lands, and which they now occupied notoriously under their value. This was proved by returns, which showed that three runs-Kerisdale, Prairie, and Glenlough- assessed respectively as being able to carry 8,207, 7,3á0, and 12,050 sheep, were proved to carry 14,000,15,000, and 26,000. These were only isolated Instances. He wished to see the squatters compelled to pay 4d. per acre, the grazier 8d., and the farmer 1s. 6d. If 4d. per acre was too much for some poor lands, the squatters had the option of not renting them. He thought that the time was fast approaching when protec- tion would supersede free trade, and largo meetings would shortly be held ia favour of protection both at Ballarat and Bendigo, As far as these doctrines affected wages, he would say let them adopt that most suited to give employment to the people, and wages would adjust themselves, as they always did, by 'an immutable law, with which any interference waa useless. He was in favour of a reform of the Upper .House ; and he was glad to perceive symptoms of the necessity for such a step dawning upon some of the members of that House. He was in favour of the payment of members, as such a sjsiem had been found to work well in New Zealand and Canada, and he saw no reason why it should not do so here. He would, however, be glad to see some precaution taken so that such members as did not work should not get paid. At the conclusion of the candidate's address, a Mr. Quirk asked him whether he had any property in the district, a query which elicited loud marks of disapprobation from the meeting. Coun- cillor Goldsmith also attempted persistently to induce Mr. Burtt to answer the question of whether he was honest? After repeated re- monstrance and cries of " Go down, you're drunk," Councillor Goldsmith still insisted on his right, and was thrown violently from the platform. Some confusion ensued in conse- quence ; but amidst all the noise the unlucky querist still urged his question. Mr. Crichton moved, and Mr. Wolstenholme seconded "That Mr. J. G. Burtt is a fit and proper per- ton to represent the district in Parliament." This was carried by acclamation, and a vote of thanks terminated the proceedings. A meeting of the friends of Mr. Peterson was held yesterday afternoon, at the Criterion Hotel, for the purpose of forming a central committee, to endeavour to secure that gentle- man's return for St. Kilda. There were about twenty gentlemen present. Mr. Thompson was called to the chair ; and having briefly Btated the object of the meeting, he an- nounced that should any gentleman present wish to question Mr. Petsrson ho was close at hand. A desire to hear a brief explana- tion from the candidate wai expressed, and Mr. Peterson consequently was requested to attend. Mr. Peterson said that he was un- prepared with any speech, and must state his viens very briefly. Ha would, if returned, go hi as a supporter of the present Government, .not, of course, through thick and thin," but generally and BO far as he oonsolentiouBly «raid- fir he had full confidence in the honesty of its members. He could not seo that any better Government conld bo formed and be did not wish to see another 0'Shana«y Administration. He was ia favour of a reform of the Upper Houee ; but bad not made up his mind iu refarenci to shortening the time of membership. He- thought tbat Mr. Grant's proposal would effectually sottie t'ie laud question. He (Mr. Peterson) had bi¡en originally in favour of the auction system, but be tbougbt tbat, at present, that system would not meet the approval of the colony. There was a point of evon greater importance tban gotting tbe best price for land, nul thtt was, to see tbe right people settled oa it. He would, therefore, favour long leakes-oven ten years, at 2d. an acre. He was in favour of a chango in tbe tariff, of which everyone must Bee the necessity, and he wished to seo taxes for the purposes of revenue imposed on goods which conld bo produced in the colony, so as to encourage colonial manufacture. Ho wai not a protectionist, however. Ho was, as almost evcrvone was, opposed to state-aid to religion. He opposod the wharfage rate, which he looked upon in the light of a tax. It ought at the least to be greatly modified. Mr. Gemmell moved, and Mr. Fiazsr seconded, that Mr. Peterson was a fit and proper person to represent St. Kilda in Parliament. A committee, with power to add to their number, wore then formed and the proceedings o'o3C J. 1 he Castlemaine fíaos of last evening Bays : -" Dr. Macadam has received a requisition, said to be signed by upwards of 1,200 electors of Cattleinaino ; and a gentleman in this town has actually received a telegram from tho doctor, stating that ho accepts their invita- tion ; that he will offer himself as a candi- date at the approaching election ; and that ho will meet the electors at an early date, in order that they may thoroughly understand each other." The Chief Secretary has fixed Monday next, at one o'clock p.m., for receiving the deputa- tion appointed at the public meeting hold on Monday laßt, at St. George'shall, to urge upon the Government the desirableness of making such alterations in the tariff as shall " have the effect of promoting and encouraging national industry." Au adjourned meeting of the Borough Council of Sandridge, for the purpose of fur- ther discussing the question of lighting tho borough lamps, took place laBt evening. Tenders for this object had been received from the Melbourno and Collingwood Gas Comranics, but, as their offers wore not in accordance with the specifications adopted by tho council, no decision was come to in the matter. The question was to have been rc-opened last evening, with the view of coming to a final decision, but, as there won only a partiel attendance of coun- cillors, and as it was contemplated to alter tho specification?, the Mayor sug- gested that a special committee meeting of the wLole council should beheld, and a report drawn up by the committee, for presentation at the next ordinary meeting of council. This was »greed to ; and after Councillor Cruik ehank had given notice of motion to the effect that application should bo made to Go- vernment to reserve block 53 of the new sur- vey, enBt of the lagoon, as a Eite for a gaswork the meeting resolved itself into a Bitting of the local boaid of health. The members of tho Church of England at Kew held their annual social gathering last night, in the church school-room. Thore was a full attendance, notwithstanding the un- favourable weather. The right rov. the bishop occupied the chair, and, after tea, he addressed the assembly at some length, con- gratulating tbcm upon the completion of the new church, the foundation-stone of which he laid shoitly before he went to England, end upon the material nnd spiritual progress which the parish bad made since that period. Tho bishop also dwelt upon several topi« of interest to churchmen, which specially pressed themselves upon his atten- tion during his visit to the mother country. Amongst other things, he observed that while there was much to rejoice at in the present position of tbe church at home, he could not conceal from himself the fact that many per- sons who piofessed to belong to the church had had their hereditary faith in the inspiration of tho Bible shaken by recent publications of a sceptical and infidel ten- dency, some of which had been written by men of considerable eminence. Those works however, had already called forth most able replies, and be had a firm conviction that ultimately good would result from the dis- cussion which had been aroused, and that be- lief in the inspiration of the Scriptures would be strengthened and confirmed. The very rev. the dean, his Honour the Chief Justice, the Rev. It. Hayward, incumbent of Kew, and others, tcok part in the proceedings of the meeting ; and, in the course of the evening, a selection of sacred and secular music was perfoimed by the members of the Church Choral Society. The forthcoming National Agricultural Exhibition promises to be a yery successful affair. The aggregate valae of the prizes offered is about £1,000, and the Bhow, which will beheld on the ground of the Port Philip Farmers' Society, will extend over threo days, commencing on the 25th inst. We under- stand that there are several entries of fine wool Bkeep from Tasmania, and that if the Victorian sheep-breeders intend to carty off the prizes in this department it will bo neces- sary for them to send the best specimens of their flocks to the exhibition. In each sec- tion of the show there is likely to be a spirited competition ; and we may remind intending exhibitors that all entries mnst be lodged at the secretary's office, Bourke-street west, on or before Monday next. To ensure sufficient time for the preparation and printing of the catalogue, this rule will be strictly on forced. The Prahran and South Yarra Rifle Com- pany held a meeting at the Town-hall, Prah- ran, on Wednesday evening, for the nomina- tion of a subaltern officer. There were five candidates for the appointment, of whom the following, after tho ballot was taken, stood highest on tho list ¡-Sergeant Chambers, Corporal Hitchcock, and SergeantM'Outcheon The names of these gentlemen bave accord- ingly been submitted to tho proper authori- ties, in order that the requisite selection and appointment may be made. The Rev. J. P. Sunderland lectured last evening, at the Congregational Church, Carlton, upon " The Samoan Islands." The lecture was one of an interesting character, Mr. Sunderlands experienco for some years as a missionary in those islands enabling him to do justice to his subject. By the mail steamer Madras, we have re- ceived a report of the proceedings of a public meeting of the free inhabitants of the district of Plantagenet and town of Albany, West Australia, convened to consider the transpor- tation question. The meeting was hold at the Couit-houBP, Albany, on Thursday, the 29th September. Mr. T. L. Symors presided. Tho first resolution, proposed by Mr. A. Moir, and seconded by Mr. J. P. Hassell, was-" That this meeting, composed of residents in the district of Plantagenet, and town of Albany, are oppoeed to the continuation of transpor- tation to Western Australia, and desire to expresa their conviction that the influx of convicts tends materially to demoralize the rißing generation, and to discourage the im- migration of free sottlere." The next resolu- tion, proposed by Mr. R. Muir, and seconded by Mr. J. Uglcw, was-" That the continu anco of transportation, and the proposed abolition of conditional pardons, by increas- ing the number of that class of men who will be compelled to remain here, will tendimte rially'to damuge the colony, by rendering life and properly unsafe, and ^.espeoially ia this district, whore the worst characters are cer- tain to congregate, In the hope of effecting their ucupe hy some of the vessels frequent- ing this port." The third resolution, moved by Mr. J. M'Kail, .waa to this effect-" That we avail ourselves of our piiviieges as British subjects to enter our earnoät protest Bgainfct transportation, and to declaro that transpoitation to this colony ought to be nt once completely aud finally abolished." The whole of these resolutions wore carded unanimously. It was then agreed, on the motion of Mr. J. Howson, that a memorial embodying the resolutions should be pre- sented to His Excellency the Governor,' aud the following gentlemen were appointed a committee to draw up the memorial : Messrs. T. L. Symers, A. Moir, J. P. Hassoll, J. Uglow, H. M'Kenzie, and W. P. Tregoning. It was resolved that Sir A. T. C. Campbell, Bart., resident magistrate, shouli be requested to forward the memorial to nis Excellency Our coiresrondent informs us that the letters on Western Australia by the special reporter of The Argus have been read with interest and given general satisfaction, and that, with the execptiou of the " Government men,'' the free settlors aro decidedly opposed to the continuance of transporiation. To show tho feeling entertained with regard to the matter, it may be mentioned that peoplo came 100 miles, at considerable inconvenience, to attend the Albany meeting. The final payment to the creditors of St. Patiick's College of a dividend of 5i. in the pound, mainly subscribed by the Roman Catholic priests of Victoria, was commenced at Ht. France's yesterday. Our readers will remember that the first and only previous dividí nd of Gs. in the pound, servants and labourers being paid in full, took place in July, 1803, and yesterday a similar propor- tion was paid again. Some delay occurred in consequenco of claims being sent in at tho last moment, in the face of an announcement mado when the first collections took placo that uo claims sent in after a certain date in 1863 would bo acknowledged. This appeared in our advertising columns for months together ; and yet so late as yesterday, Mr. levers, cneof the hon. secretaries to the sub- scribers, was warned to make no payments unlcES these fresh demands were inoluded. Considerable discussion took, plaoo on the subject, and it was strongly urged that the collections being made in accordance rather with a, moral than a legal obligation, it WOB most unfair to press the subscribers now with fresh claim?, when their exeitions had been made solely to liquidate debts tho exact amount of which they had ascertained aftei ample notice. Finally, the creditors agreed thatno fresh claims should be admitted, save two made by servants for work done, whose comparatively small demands thoy agreed to meet by subscribintr among them- selves. The payments then proceeded, over £1,000 beiDg dibbuised. As all the claim- ants are not satisfied, Dr. Bleasdalo and Mr. levers, the bon. secretaries, will attend at St. Francis's at noon to complete the affair. A meeting of the depositors in the Provi- dent Institute was held last evening, at the Mechanics' Instituto, but the proceedings wero strictly private. An error occurred in our notice of the Cas- tlemaine Circuit Court, in yesterday's issue, to the correction of which we give every pro- minence. Referring to the report of the trial of Joseph Lewis, late clerk of petty sessions at Fryer's Town and VaughaD, for embezzle- ment, we inadveitently gave the name of Mr, Bunny, his successor, for that of the actual defendant. Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday, at the hospital, upon the body of an old man named Henry Wilkinson, who died on the previous day, while being removed to the hospital. Deceased, when in the backyard at the Protestant-hall-where he had apparently gone on a message-was seen to fall down, as though from a sudden seizure. A cab was procured, and he was taken at once to the hospital ; but when placed in the cab, he had becomo insensible, and was found on arrival to be dead. In accordance with tho medical evidence, the jury found that deceased died from disease of the heart and aorta. In the Supreme Conrt yesterday a reserved judgement was delivered by Mr. Justice Molesworth, in the matrimonial suit oí Arthur (wife) v. Arthur (husband)-a petition for judicial separation on the ground of cruelty. His Honour reviewed with a minute detail that occupied him nearly an hour, his notes of the evidence in the case. Upon the whole he carno to the conclusion that, though the petitioner was not without blame in her conduct, yet she had en- dured aggravated cruelty from her husband which entitled her to the protection of the Court. He expressed himself of opinion that the husband, notwithstanding his cruelty, " still appeared, though in a way entirely his own, to love and respect his wife ;" said ho hoped that reconciliation was still not en- tirely impossible between them, though, to make it possible, the husband must give up his subjection to drink, and the wife her de- sire to domineer and drive-instead of attack, persuade and lead ; but he held that the wife, after what had happened, was entitled to the option of choosing whether the reconciliation should tako place or not. He therefore de- creed in her favour for a judicial separation, with COBtS. At the District Court, yesterday, Mary Flynn, the licensee and occupant of tho Jerusalem Tavern, waa summoned for not having the public accommodation in her licensed house which the act required, viz., two bedrooms and two sitting- rooms. The prosecutor was named J. T. Clarke, who was lessee of all the rooms of this house, with the exception of the bar, ono of the conditions of his agreement being, that the portion which he leased should bo used as a restaurant, and applied to furnish the required public accom- modation of a licensed houso. However, he had shut up the restaurant, and now brought this prosecution. The Bench declinod to allow tho prosecutor to take advantage of his own wrong in this way ; and further considered that there was no power given by the act to a magistrate to inflict a penalty for the want of the requited accommodation. The case was consequently dismissed, with £2 2j. costs. At the Prahran Police Court yesterday, a man named Sullivan was fined 5s., and 20s. costs, for being drunk and assaulting a rail- way porter. A few small debt oases made up the list of the day's business. McBsra. Tem- pleton, Pilley, and Crows were the presiding magistrates. There was oDly one caso of any general interest at the Sandridge Police Court yester- day. Captain J. E. Leg?, the master of a ship at present in port, was sued by his late chief officer, William Ward, for £42 Is. 2d., woges alleged to be due to him. The case was gone into at considerable length, but its merits appeared to Ho iu a nutshell. The com- plainant joined the ship hore, and went on a voyage to San Francisco and back. There he became ill, and was ton days in hospital. He was again unwell on the return voyage for a month and eight days, but was able to do partial duty, ne was retained all the time on the ship's books as chief officer, and there was no hint given that nny reduction would be made from his «ages on account of illness. Now, how- ever, the captain sought to deduct upwards of JE1C, BO much for the time during which the moto was ill on board, and so much for the cost of hiring a clerk to assist in the discharge of corgo at San Francisco, while Ward was in hospital. The magistrates, Mr. Gill, P.M., Dr. Plummer, and Mr. Byrne, gave the complainant a verdict for £36 Ils. 10J., with- out costs.-Spiro Williams applied for a licence for the Ionian Vaults. There wore complaints against tho applicant, however, and petitions both for and against the licence were handed in. Tho balance ot testimony wei asainst Williams, and the licence was refused. At the Hotham Police Court yesterday, before Messrs. Gell, Moore, and Thomas, J.P.'B, Elizabeth Hopkins was convicted of stealing some weatiDg apparel from the house of John JohnB, and was sent to gaol for one month. John Simpson, for stealing some boards from a new building erecting in Elizabeth-street north, was also sentenced to one month's imprisonment. William Jones, charged with assaulting and resisting a con- stable, was sent to gaol for seven days. F. Fetherston, for driving across tho footpath, was fined Is, and 2s. 6d. costs ; and Joseph Bowman, for leaving his horse and dray un- protected in the street, was fined 2s. Gd., with 2d. Gd. costs. At the Fitzroy Police Court yesterday, Charles M'Leod, who was charged at the last court day with being illegally on the premises of John M'Eachnie, and who was remanded for the production of a witness, was dis- charged, there being no evidence of any felo- nious or improper intont. Fanny Cairns, who had been repeatedly convicted of drunken- ness on previous occasions, was fined GOs. ; or, in default, fourteen days'imprisonment. John Collum was fined 5s., for allowing two dogs to attack Constable Brennand, in Smith street. The small- debt cases presented no feature of interest. The magistrates on tho bench were :-Mr. J. Falconer (the mayor), in tho chair, and Mr. J. B. Brennand. The Spectator saya:-"The Australians have hit upon an oddly clever device for cor- recting universo! suffrage. Tho law arranges that when a man comes up to vote, ' if not on the municipal roll,' he must pay Is,, and it is found that the list of voters is thereby often reduced one-half, A shilling fee on voting would not bo a bad test of earnestness, bat in England the candidate would bo very apt to pay the money for his own following. The result in Australia certainly indicates that tho democracy does not feel its grievances very acutely." It will interest not a few persons in Aus- tralia (writes our London correspondent) to learn that, in the railway invasion, which threatens the partial distruction of the City of London, the celebrated Weigh-house Chapel, the scene of the Rev. T. Binney's labours and successes, is likely to be sacri- ficed. The Spectator writes:-"Sir Charles Cooper, late Chief Justice of South Australia, writes a long letter to The Times, with a cogent sum- mary of the case against the continuance of transportation to Western Australia. The convicts whose time has expired always repair to the eastern settlements,-GOO arrived in Adelaide in three years,-and crime in those settlements has been visibly inoreased by their presence. This is especially the case with climes of violence ; and Sir Charles Cooper believes the fears of the respectable Australians sufficiently well founded. The difficulty of disposing of time- expired men is he says, as great in Australia as in England' and England would not endure the free I men of another landt" The prospectus of a London company id process of formation, states that, owing to the recommendation of a largo section of the me- dical facnlty, it is proposed to erect what iB termed a" Crystal Sanatorium" foi (he cure of consumption. The company numbers among its dlreotors some very distinguished men, and at the top of the list we find a name of no lees importance than that of Sir David Brewster. It is proposed to cover in glass with a large area of ground, and to preserve therein an equable temperature, similar to Madeira > to build residences having communication with the grounds so enclosed, and to lay out the interior in the most attractive form of landscape gardening, with the fruits and foliage suitable to a climate uko Madeira. Mr. W. F. Wyndham is again working a coach-this time not as proprietor, but as paid diiver ! He Is said to be well up to his work, and to look fat and jolly. The Riverine Herald, of Wednesday, cim plains that the amount of railway accommo- dation at Echuca is not equal to public re- quirements. It says :-" Wo are Informed tbat, In consequence of tho Government not keeping a sufficient supply of trucks at the temporary platform, it was with the greatest difficulty that the stationmastor (Mr, Stead) prevented the teamsters from taking tho management into tholr own hands, and it was fonnd necessary on Monday to detain a couple of mounted troopora several hours, to maintain anything like order." Jane Connell, a domestic seivant in the employ of the Rev. H. n. Findlay, of Dunolly, has been committed to take her trial for the murder of her infant child. The Smythesdale Advertiser, of Wednesday, referring to recent Chinese robberies, says : " One company having repeatedly caught Chinamen in the act of robbing itSBluice boxes, and having as repeatedly brought them to ! the police-court, at last determined to take the law into its own hands, and, on Friday morning last, a rope's end on a bare back with the cutting oil the tail, was the result of a visit of one of these gentry to the claim in question." " The collection of customs on both Bides of tho Murray," says the Riverinc'Herald, "goos on both steadily - and slowly. The revenues of the two colonies have not beon materially increased since the imposition of the duties. Tho preventive officers, so far, are looked on as dummies-neither doing much good nor much barm." At the Kyneton Police Court, on Monday David Matson, of the Wild Dog Creek, near Green-hills, was fined £50 for having illicit spirits on his premises. Tho defendant gave notice of appeal. The Bendigo Independent, of yesterday, states -"Wo have been informed that a very ob- jectionable practice is being carried on, and has beon for some considerable time, viz, holders of leased ground not working the ground, as required by tho mining clause of the Mining Board bye-laws, which olauBe states that two mon shall be employed to every acre of ground." The foundation-stone of a town-hall was laid at Scarsdale on Wednesday, by Mr. J. T. Smith, Mayor of Melbourne, and Provincial Giand MaBter of tho Itish Freemasons. A dreadful accident occurred at Majorca on Monday. A miner named Murray was at work at the bottom of a Bhaft, when a quantity of Blabbing fell upon him, breaking the upper portion of his skull in pieces, and causing other serious injuries. The poor fellow is in a vory precarious state. The annual soiree of the Presbyterian Church, Essendon, was held on Tuesday evening. Nearly 500 persons were present. The tables, which were tastefully ornamented with flowers, were presided over by ladies of the congregation. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. J. S. Boyd, the pastor, who took the chair, and the Revs. J. Ballantyne, J. Caldwell, H. Darling, and J. Inglis. The company were entertained with selections of music by an efficient choir. The Ovens and Murro]/ Advertiser, of Tues- day, gives the following details of a suspected poisoning case :-" Mr. George Graham, his brother, and Mr. Wilson, with four men and a woman, proceeded to Oxloy on Friday week, for the purpose of com- mencing operations on their farm, lately leased by Messrs. Graham and Wilson. They brought provisions with them from Beech- worth, and having all partaken of the same meal were on the following day all attacked by evident symptoms of hav ing been poisoned. Luckily, however, in whatevor article of food the poison had been taken, nono of them had eaten so much as to cause other thon a very nasty serious re tching and unpleasant feeling* generally. They all agreed, at first, that the injuiious substance, whatevor it wap, had been in tho bread, as similar symptoms had lately been recorded from the presence of drake in flour. Dr. Dempster attended them, and found them all suffering more or less, and the ill effects have not altogether disap- peared. Dr. Dempster brought samples of the flour into town, and Dr. Slater, we be- lieve, discovered In it some foreign substance with the microscope, and a few pounds of it will bo sent to Dr. Macadam, this day, for the purpose of being analysed." A widow named Anderson (the mother of a large family) was killed by the fall of a tree, at the Blue Mountain, on Friday. The performances at the Haymarket Theatre, under the patronage of the Mayor and Corporation of Melbourne, and the mayors and corporations of the neighbouring boroughs, will take place this evening. On this occasion Boucioault's lively comedy, "London Assurance," will be played, and Lady Don, for the first time in Melbourne, will assume the part of Lady Gay Spanker. "Julius Cmsar" will ba produced at the Theatre Royal this evening, and the perfor- mance will b3 under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor. 