THE SHOEMAKERS OF NEW .SOUTH WALES AND THEIR GRIEVANCES. C Prom the Glasgow Herald.) Just now " Protection " finds great favour with a -considerable section of the workmen of New South Wales. It is amusing to note how gravely they repeat tho old economical fallacies. At a meeting of persons connected witn tne leather trade, recently held in Sydney, two of the speakers gave autobiographies as arguments for tlieir advocacy of protective duties. One of them said that he was originally a copperplate printer and lithographer, which several years ago was a good trade in the colony, hut had become worth less since. " TIow was it." he innocently asked, " that a trade could be valuable years ago and valueless now ?" This sapient inquiry is the key note of his complaint. lie is of opinion that bo- cause he was apprenticed to a particular. trade he ought to have been enabled, at whatever cost to his customers, to practise it for life with unvary ing profit. He complains bitterly because the Sydney hankers get their plates engraved and their notes printed in Englanl. He forgets that they only act as lie acts when he goes to the shop in which he can obtain tho 'best article for the lowest price. Tie appears to consider that he was very hardly used because when, not being able to find work as an engraver, he applied for a situation in a store, he was told by the store keeper that the vacancy was filled. Ought the storekeeper to have kept it open until the en graver put of work asked for it? The ill-treated man next, he whines, thought of "giving up his comforts" and going to the diggings. He ought to have been glad that he had the diggings to full back upon. He bad besides gold-digging sundry other employments to fall back upon, for in anew country a man can change his trade far more easily than in this. He did eventually take to a branch of the leather trade, in which he confesses that he is doing pretty well, and, therefore, we tp.ally cannot discover what ho has to complain of. He might like to earn more than he does, but his fellow-colonists are not bound to tax themselves to put mone into his pocket. The second auto- bingrapher was an ex journeyman shoemaker, who, not being able'to get work in his trade, had taken to doing odd jobs, and had apprenticed one one of his sons to a wheelwright, and the other to a blacksmith. The poor man plainly thinks that, therefore, the times are awfully out of joint. " Once a shoemaker, always a shoemaker — the shoemaker's son himself should wield the awl and wax the thread," is his creed. This interpreta- sion of Ne sutor ultra crephlam is a very droll one. What is there inconsistent with the " fit ness of tilings" in the fact that shoes can he made more, eheanlv for Australian wearers in England than in Australia, and that, conseqnently, in Australia a shoemaker may find himself de trop ? A man who is not prepared to turn to any honest new trade, should that to which he has been brought up fail him, ought not to emi grate. These men who are clamouring for pro tection, and disclaiming against " pauper wages," are, in fact, demanding paupers' wages. Tliey want the public to give them more than the worth of their work. Such men are not colonists. If they had the colonjsing spirit in them, they wou'd take to the hush, earn a little money, and then become small landowners — yeoman far mers. The curse of colonies is the large propor tion of immigrants that will persist in loafing about in towns in which they cannot find work of t.he kind to which they have been accustomed. The result of " Free Selection " of land in New South Wales was declared at the very meeting on which we have been commenting to have been " nothing." And why nothing ? Because tho men who clamour like children for " protection " have none of the manly " earth-hunger " which is said to be the characteristic of their race. Un like Anglo-Americans, who can each turn their hands to a score of things, these Anglo-Austra lians profess their inability to do anything besides the handicrafts to which they were reepectively bred, and in consequence millions of acres of land lie unoccupied. One of the arguments made use of at this Sydney meeting is quite beyond us. The complaint is that English manufacturers can undersell colonial manufacturers. Those in New South Wales, who are not colonial manufacturers, naturally say that they do not wish to he obligpd to give artificial prices for their clothing, ifce. Our incomprehensibly reasoning friend retorts, " Protection lowers prices." Why, then, does he want to get it ? Does he not consider the pre sent prices far too low ? The way in which he attempts to prove that protection lowers prices is a comical curiosity of ratiocination. An English- made shoe can be sold in Sydney for less than an Australian-made shoe. Why so ? Because Eng lish labour is so much cheaper than Australian labour, seems the rational answer ; bnt our Pro tectionist friend maintains that it is because Australian shoes, if imported into England, have to pay a certain duty, whereas English shoes, when imported into Australia, pay no duty. A master shoemaker who spoke at the meeting said that it was a " very hard case" that journey men of his own should have been forced to abandon shoemaking for shepherding. For our own part, in a country with a climate like Aus tralia's, we would far rather shepherd than make shoes ; but a personal preference of this kind is, of course, no argument. We will admit that the journeymen do not relish the change from black skins to white fleeces; but to enable tlierr to continue to operate on the skins ought theii fellow-colonists to be fleeced ? The English im portations are rubbish, says the master shoe maker, whose craft is in danger. Well, then, lei tlie Australian shoemakers trust to the Drotec turn of superior workmanship. The master shoe maker farther argued thus : — " The merchant in England sent his goods out here, and we had to pay for police to protect them ; the insurance companies'liacl to protect them against fire ; if a riot occurred, the Government here would have to make good any damage sustained ; yet the merchant in England did not pay one farthing towards these expenses." The indignant orator forgot to add that the Sydney consignee, to whom the English consignor pay3 commission, helps to support the Sydney police, that fire in surance companies do not assure goods without receiving premiums, and that the English mer chant is taxed for the maintenance of the troops that protect not merely his goods, but the whole property of Sydney. If, as some of the speakers asserted, additional duties on imports are re quired for revenue, of course nothing can be said against tlieir imposition. We cannot see, how ever, why sugar and tobacco should not ho made dearer as well as shoes and saddles. Sugar and tobacco are grown just as shoes and saddles are made in Australia. It is plainly, however, not for purposes of public but of private revenue, that this agitation for Protection is got up. The journeyman shoemakers complain that they can not live on two pounds a week. This will seem strange to some of their class at home, some things being cheaper, and most not dearer, in Australia than in Great Britain. House rent in Australian towns of nny size is, however, un doubtedly much higher than it is at home. The Sydney shoemakers grumble because they can i only obtain uncomfortable dwellings. Why is house accommodation dear in Australian cities ? Because masons' wages are hich. Some time ago the Australian masons wished- to prevent the immigration of any more of their craft. The Sydney Protectionists have no right to blame them. If one kind of industry ought to be pro tected, all kinds ought to he. Let New South Welshmen sensibly combine to make everything they eat, or wear, or use, as dear as possible. It is stated that the Prince of Wales' hoy will he christened at Buckingham Palace on the 10th March, and that his two first names will be " Albert " and " Victor." We are told that the Prince of Wales has pre sented Dr. Brown, of Windsor, with the magnifi cent " honorarium " of one thousand pounds, in token of the royal satisfaction with his services on the late interesting event at Frogmore. Poor Dr. Farre, whose services were not called into requisition on that occasion, only comes off with a joke. His medical brethren call him Dr. Far- nicut ! On Monday week, her Majesty planted an ever green oak in the grounds of Frogmore House, to commemorate the birth of tho young Prince, and before leaving Windsor expressed her high ap preciation of Dr. Brown's skill and attention, as a proof of which she has given him a valuable gar net ring set with diamonds. It is said Baron Marochetti has received a com mission to execute a statue of the Queen in bronze. It will be placed in the Mausoleum at Frogmore, beside the statue of the Prince Consort. The case of Glover v. Persigny, in which the proprietor of the Morning Chronicle sues Count Persigny for " work and labour" in advocating in that newspaper the policy of the Emperor of the French, again figures iu the cause list of the Court of Queen's Bench. A correspondent of the Cork Constitution says that Colenso's original name was " Collins that he is a native of Mouiivadara, near Ballc-ydehob, not far from Skihhereen ; that there he was con sidered an adept in " pip and carry one that he quitted his native land as " O'Collins that, after a short period, the O was placed at the end of the name, thus arriving at " Collinso," and which eventually became " Collenso." Those who like may believe this story. Mr. G. V. Brooke appeared on the hoards at the Belfast theatre on Saturday night in a condi tion that unfitted him for his part. He tried to | go on, and one man in the pit rather jeered at his blunders. Whereupon he got into a fume, threat ening to chastise the man, and at last walked off and refused to come hack, leaving the play lialf- finistiprl Tho nndipnpp behaved verv well, thouuh there was a good deal of noise and confusion. The Clonmcl Chronicle states that there is strong reason for believing that Michael Hayes, the murderer of Mr. Braddell, is still in the neighbourhood of the property over which the un fortunate gentleman was agent. We read the following advertisement in the Petits Ajjiches : — A young lady, aged twenty-five years, with a very strong beard, which will at tract tiie curious, wishes to become demoiselle iu a cafe." Address, &o.; A house in Piecadily is worth a good-sized es tate. The other day Messrs. Alansell and Elliott sold by auction the mansion, No. 143, Piccadilly, the residence of the late James Ilaughton Lang- ston, ALP., including tlie stabling in Hamilton Mews, as held by a lease from the Crown, for an unexpired term of forty-two and a- half years from theoih February, for the sum of £21,500. The Farmer's Gazelle says : — " M e have rea son to know that the Government have for some months past been in communication with an American tobacco planter, with the view to the re-introduction of tobacco planting in Ireland. It has been demonstrated to the Government that the failure of tobacco planting in 1S27-8 arose, not from unsuitability of our soil or climate, hut solely from want of skilled knowledge necessary to the proper culture, manipulation, and curing of the tobacco plant. The Government have, we believe, expressed their sincere desire that the present prohibitory law should he repealed ; hut, as yet, nothing definite has been decided on. Tlie advantages derivable from the introduction of tobacco planting in Ireland are almost incalculable. A remarkable illustration that the " schoolmas ter is abroad," even in the county of Tipperarv, has come to light. The lads in Clonmel union 1 workhouse, it seems, are well grounded in the j lower branches of a good English education. Tired of the monotonous routine of the workhouse, and being under the regulation height of regular re cruits, the lads were at a loss to know how to " render tlie State some service," when a brilliant idea struck one of the older ones to communicate privately with tlie Duke of Cambridge, explaining their position. Accordingly, without the knowledge of the Board or the master, they despatched a letter to his Royal Highness, who, not averse from encouraging the military ardour of his cor respondents, directed the recruiting officer of the district to attest the hoys, should he find them fit for drummers or buglers. Major Dorehill's ap pearance at the workhouse to carry out this order was the first intimation its officials got of what was going on ; and their surprise must have been i not a little increased when no fewer than fourteen \- of the lads between twelve and fifteen years of age i were enlisted and sent off to Fermoy garrison. i In the Court of Common Pleas an application " has been made on the part of Mr. Georgius Iiely, defendant in the causo of Ferguson v. Holy, for inspection and copies of certain letters written by t him to the plaintiff, Miss Julia Caroline Ferguson. Tlio nr»f-inn iq nnr> fnr hrftafih of riflomisG of mar- riage. The plaint contained only one count, which alleged a promise to marry by the defend ant, and a neglect to fulfil that promise in a rea sonable time. The defence traversed the promise, and alleged, after it was'made, and before it was broken, the promise was rescinded by mutual con sent. The application was resisted upon several grounds, particularly that the letters were sought for to use in another action which is pending for trial at the next after- sittings, at tlie suit of the plaintiff's father, the Rev. Samuel Ferguson, against tlie defendant for the' seduction of the plaintiff, Miss Ferguson, by the defendant, Hely. The case stands for examination of the authorities by counsel on both sides. The defendant, it ap pears, is a gentleman of considerable landed es tate, and a relative of the unfortunate young lady, whom he seduced, as alleged, in tlie house of her father, an aged clergyman. Every effort was made by the mutual friends of tho parties to bring about ; a marriage, so as to avoid publicity and scandal ; hut the defendant declined, and left the country to avoid importunity on the subject. The most emi nent men of the Irish bar are retained in the two actions. Tlie robbery of the Duke of Brunswick's diamonds has been complicated by a new incident. Since the jewels were taken from Shaw's person tliey have remained in custody at the Correctional Police. After the condemnation of the guilty party the duke applied for the property, hut could not obtain possession of it, in consequence of an opposition having been lodged in the name of the reigning duke, who claims a great part of the jewels as belonging to the Crown of Bruns wick. From recent accounts in the Richmond papers it appears that in the Confederate States gold has risen to 1075 premium, and sterling exchange to 1S10, against 152 for gold, and 107 for exchange in the New York market. Corn is selling at from 12 to 14 dollars per bushel, currency, bacon at 3 dollars per 11)., whisky at from 50 to 75 dollars; per gallon, and many other things at most ex orbitant prices. Tlie Manileur de la Ffeurthe says : — " The Prussian Minister of War, General de Roon, has just applied to the convent ot Saint Charles, at Treves, for eighteen sisters of charity, to attend on the sick and wounded Prussians in Slesvig. The superior-general at Nancy immediately ac ceded to the general's request. This is a flatter ing homage to Catholic charity rendered by a Pro testant government." Rossini is about 'to celebrate his twentieth birthday. Born on February 29, 1782, lie will complete his eighty-second yesr within three weeks' time. Many are the preparations for a worthy celebration of this occasion all over Europe, especially in Paris, his present (dace of | residence, and Pesara, his birthplace. A colossal bust by Marochetti has already been unveiled at the latter place. The total area of the three Duchies of IIol- stein, Slesvig, anil Lauenherg is less than 7000 English square miles. » The first covers about 3600, the second 3400, and the third only 420. The population of llolstein is 544, -119; that of Slesvig 409,907 ; and in Lauenburg there is no town with more than 5000 inhabitants. The Wesleyan3 of the London district have cimmeneed the celebration of the jubilee of their Foreign Missionary Society. Tim sums already given or promised to the jubilee building fund have reached £105,000, and the committee are confident that not less than £150,000 will he ultimately raised. From a list of ironclads in the British navy, just published, it appears wo have ten afloat, three launched and fitting out, six nearly ready for launching, and five laid down, making in all twenty- four. The iron navy of France is made up of six frigates afloat and ten building. Tho Federal Congress has voted £5,000,000 for bounties, advance pay, and premiums to volunteers. An amendment that no part of the money should be appropriated to negro troops was negatived by 105 to 41. The Confederate Congress has decided that conscripts who have provided substitutes shall, nevertheless, serve themselves. It is calculated that since the conquest, up wards of thirty years ago, France lias spent three milliards - of francs iu Algeria, and at this mo ment, in all the vast tracts of African soil sub ject to her rule, there are not 200,000 colonists. The erection of the new cathedral at Cork is progressing rapidly. About £9000 has been raised towards defraying the cost of the building. The peace number of the Danish army is 22,000 men. The navy consisted, in September, 18.62, of 19 sailing vessels, with 704 guns, and i>8 steamers, with 304 guns. Heenan is still suffering in health from the effects of the late fight, and has been so much reduced in weight that he now barely weighs 12st. 71b. "We regret to learn of the sudden death, on the last day of the old year, in the Officers' Hospital at Calcutta, of Lieutenant Walter Landor Dickens, of the 20th Native Infantry Regiment, and doing duty with tho 42nd High landers, second son of Charles Dickens. Brother Ignatius, a sort of Church of Eng land monk, and his brethren, clergymen of that Church, want from £30,000 to £40,000 for re- si lence, college, asylum, &e.; They have received £10.000, to which sum a lmly has contributed £2000. By a law of Venice a bankrupt could hold no post under Government until he had discharged the just demands of all his creditors, and no citizen was eligible to any public employment whilst his father's debts remain unpaid. There were nine young gentlemen called to the bar before the Lord Chancellor on Tuesday morning, one of whom was Mr. Daniel O'Gonnell, son of the late Mr. John U'Conuell, M.P., and grandson to the " Liberator." A hairdresser in Camden Town, who had the pride ami privilege of becoming a " parient" on the 9th inst., is so elated at the similarity of the circumstances under which his son anil that of tlie Prince of Wales made tlieir appearance almost contemporaneously into this sinful world, that ho has published the full particulars iu the following paragraph : — " On the 9th inst., at 2, Prince of Wales Orescent, Prince of Wales Road, N.W., at 4 a.m., the wife of Mr. James Thomas Rhodes, hairdresser. &e.; (who was married ou the 10th March, 1863), of a son." Some enterprising ladies in New "York are determined to give a death-blow to crinoline, but wisely see thai some equally witching attraction must he substituted. Their notion is very short dresses, a l-i " buy a broom girl," disclosing much leg, and a very high ankle boot, something in the style of a Balmoral. — Court Journal. Mr. Patrick Johnson vacated his post as an official assignee of the Bankruptcy Court in 1862, on a retiring allowance of £800 a year. At the time hi3 accounts in relation to 500 bankrupt estates were unaudited. The Attorney-General now requires hiui to make good a sum of £14,000, said to be unaccounted for. He admits a defi ciency of £7000, of which about a third was caused by a clerk who absconded. The Lord Chancellor has stopped his pension ; and the case is to be further inquired into. A melancholy story is narrated under the head of the London Police. The Rev. Llewellyn Powell, formerly curate of East Moulsoy, some time ago wrote to Prebendery Ford, of Exeter, asking relief for himself and for the widow of his late rector. Mr. Ford sent two cheques of £5, one for each of the distressed persons, and it is alleged that Mr. Powell endorsed both, forging the widow's name, and obtaining the money that should have gone to her. For this he was appre hended, and having been brought before the magistrate, was remanded for a further appear ance. In the meantime he attempted to cut his throat, and inflicted a severe wound. It is not supposed that death will ensue from it. At one of the London Police Courts, on Satur day, Sir George Preseott, Bart., said to he be tween sixteen and seventeen yeats of age, was summoned to show why he should not be ad judged to he the putative father of a child of Elizabeth Turner, formerly in his mother's ser vice. The order was made agaiust the youthful baronet with full costs. Mr. Dyce, 11. A., has been compelled by ill- health to entirely cease working on the series of frescoes relating to the legends of King Arthur, upon which lie has been so long engaged in the Queen's robing- room at the New Palace, West minster ; ami, having relinquished the hope of ever being ablo to finish them, lie has returned to the Exchequer the sums lie had received in ad vance. Mr. Dyce died at Streatham on February 14, in the 58th year of his age. The latest style of hoop skirts is tlie self- adjusting, double back-action, bustle etruscan, face-expansion, Piccolomiui-attachment, gossumer- iiulestructable, polocticomoram. It is said to be a very charming thing. Ail American paper states that the chaplain of tlie House of Representatives of Iowa opened the present session with an official prayer, which was a model of brevity and comprehensiveness. " Give us a sound currency, pure water, and undefiled religion," was one of its two or three clauses. A girl ran away from her parents at Limerick last week, taking £30 with her. Her friends telegraphed to tiie police. The description given of her was very poor, hut the telegram stated that she wore no hoops, and by that the con stable said he found her out. | Mr. O'Kane, it is reported, is already well on J his way to Australia. i On tlie 19th the Pope gave audience to Capt. | Grant, the discoverer of the sources of the Nile, j and appeared to he much interested in the maps submitted to him by the intrepid explorer, and by his accounts of those tropical regions. His Holiness recalled his own experience of a tropical climate ill Lis journey to Chili, and inquired what route would be most practical for penetrating to tlie interior of Africa, no doubt with a view to future missions, the last sent in that direction having been obliged to return after getting as far as the fourth degree of latitude. Air. Chomoley, who speaks Italian as fluently as a Roman, ac companied Captain Grant, and acted as inter preter between him and the Pope. His Holiness was pleased to express his satisfaction at the captain's visit, and requested him to accept a medal as a souvenir of it. It is now a quarter of a century since the reigning Sovereign of Rome went out to Chili in an official character, and his residence at St. Jago must have made him personally familiar with the Church of Cotnpauia, the dreadful theatre of the overwhelming visitation. It is needless to sug gest how deeply the sensitive nature of Pius IX. must be shocked at an occurrence which has no precedent in modern history, unless we recall the earthquake at Lisb >n a cnitury ago. The Queen counts among her subjects a greater number of Roman Catholic bishop3 than any other sovereign in the world. The Yelverton Case in the Court of Common Pleas, London.— On Saturday last, before the Lord Chief Justice Erie and Justices Williams, Willes, and Keating, sitting in banco, Mr. Downing Bruce moved in the case Thelwall v. tlie Hon. Major Win. Charles Yelverton, on the part of the plaintiff, that tlie service of a copy of tho declaration and notice to plead fn this action on Messrs. Tippett and Co., of Size Lane, the agents in London of Messrs. Sang and Adams, of Edinburgh, the solicitors for Major Yelverton, in tlie proceedings on the appeal from tlie Court of Session in Scotland relating to the marriage of defendant with his wife, in tlie House of Lords, and also by leaving a copy thereof with Messrs. Cox and Greenwood, his army agents, might be deemed good service on the defendant. Tlie ac tion was brought by the plaintiff, a merchant at Hull, to recover the sum of £730 12s. 2d. on a judgment obtained by the plaintiff in the courts of Ireland, in an action brought by him against the defendant to recover tlie sum of £259 17s. 3.1., for the board and lodging of the Hon. Airs. Yel verton, the wife of the defendant, the costs of sue!) action and the proceedings in the Court of Error, in Ireland, amounting to £470 1 4s. lid. The writ iu the present, action on tlie judgment was issued as long hack as July, 1862, but the defendant having absented himself from this country, the plaintiff or his attorney, although tliey had applied to the War Office, were unable to find nut the place of abode of the defendant until the 2nd of Jaduary last, when, through the aid of the French police, it was discovered that lie was residing in Paris, where lie was served with a copy of tlie writ in the action, under an order of the judge under the Common Law Pro cedure Act of 1832, but uo appearance had been entered by the defendant to such writ, and it was now found impracticable personally to serve the defendant with a copy of the declaration, and no tice to plead, he having left Pari?, and it was be lieved proceeded to Constantinople or some place in Turkey. The counsel founded his application on affidavits of those facts, and under the 18th section of the Common Law Procedure Act of 1852, for substituting service on -Messrs. Tippett and Co., and Alessrs. Cox and Greenwood. The Court, however, declined to grant tlie application on the ground that the service of the writ was so recent as the 2nd of January, and that tho affi davits did not show what efforts had been made to serve the defendant, and directed that further efforts be ma le, the plaintiff to reserve his appli cation upon affidavits of such efforts. A Strange and Sudden Death. — A sad illustration of tlie absence of all feeling, which poverty and misery may induce, was given at an inquest held by a London coroner on Monday. Two cab ostlers lived together in a bedroom up one of tho miserable courts which abound in Gray's Inn Lane, and one evening tliey were re tiring to rest as usual, when one of them " gave a grin and died." These were the words used by the survivor at the inquest, and he declared that that was all lie could say about the matter. Death had no fears for his insensible sonl, and so he coolly got into bed and slept with the corpse all night. His alleged reason was that it was of no use troubling anybody, aud the only inconvenience lie experienced from such close contact with death was that his comrade was " werry cold." The cause of the sudden death was serous apoplexy ; but tho coroner rightly remarked that it was a very extraordinary case. A Strange Career. — Edward Bathurst, who described himself as a " gentleman," and who was convicted in London some time ago of fraudulently obtaining £10 by means of a false cheque upon Alessrs. Roberts, Lubbock, and Co., bankers, of Lombard-street, was brought up for judgment at tlie Aliddlesex Sessions. Mr. Ribton said the history of the prisoner was a curious and diversified one, for it appeared that he was her Majesty's vice- consul at Copenhagen. In 1846 he became her Majesty's vice-consul at Ilayti, but soon after he left, and he did not know what then became of him uutil 1851. In that year lie became a bankrupt for a large amount. Having got free of tlie Bankruptcy Court in England, he went to Australia, where it appeared lie carried on a system of swindling. In 1855 he was clerk to the bench of magistrates at Heidelberg, near Alelhourne, and in that capacity he embezzled a large suiu of money belonging to the Govern ment, for which offence lie was sentenced to two years' imprisonment. At the expiration of his sentence he left for Adelaide, where he was con victed of obtaining goods under false pretences, and sentenced to three years' imprisonment. The prisoner appealed against this conviction on some technical grounds, and the conviction was quashed. Notwithstanding liis character was well known in the colony, tho Governor of South Australia up- pointed him magistrate at Gawler Town, about thirty miles from Adelaide. He did not hold this office long, and returned to Alelhourne, where he committed a fresh offence. He there represented himself as a solicitor-, and undertook to provide a counsel for a man who was to be tried for an offence. Ho took £10 from Lis wife, hut on the trial coming on no counsel Lad been provided, he having appropriated the money to himself. For this offence lie. was again tried, and sentenced to two years' imprisonment, and at the expiration of this sentence lie returned to England. He (Air. Ribton) held in his hand seven cheques, which the prisoner had drawn upon Alessrs. Willis, Percival, and Co., of Lombard-street, six of them being for £10 each, and one of them for £25, and one promissory note on the London and Westminster Bank for £35. All these cheques had been given without any funds in hand to meet them. The Assistant-Judge said that lie had no doubt that the prisoner hud been guilty of a system of wholesale swindling, and therefore the smallest punishment the Court could think of giving him was that he be kept in penal servitude for three years. A Fortunate Family. — The Roman corres pondence lately chronicled the marriage of Miss Amaile Ilauton Trafford Binus, daughter of tlie Duchess de Saldunha, and Mr. F. G. Wulpnle. The ceremonial took place a few days since at the Church of St. Antonio, to which the members of the Portugese Embassy to the Eternal City are accustomed to repair on Sundays and tho great festivals of the church. The history of the bride is rather romantic, although she is not the first descendant of the numerous family of Smith who owes her elevation in life to a fortunate marriage. She is one of the daughters of the late Air. Binns, a gentleman of very slender means, who married a Alias Charlotte Smith, then an extremely pretty and attractive girl. At the death of Air. Binns his widow aud daughters foun I themselves with a very inadequate provision. Fortunately, how ever, Airs. Binns and her family made the ac quaintance of the Duke of Saldunha din ing a resi dence of the duke in England ; aud at the death of the duchess, in 1855, he offered his hand to the pretty widow, and was accepted, although there was a considerable disparity of age between the couple. The daughter of Airs. Binns is the young lady who was lately married with so much pomp aud ceremony at the Church of St. Antonio. The sister of the Duchess de Saldunha, Aliss Louisa Smith, is unmarried, and resides in Milton- street, Dorset- square. The bride is an engaging blonde of about twenty-two, remarkably like the fascinating Charlotte Smith, the pretty Airs. Binns, and tlie graceful and dislinyuce Duchess of Saldunha. The Duke of Sahlanha is very poi u- lar ; he is very wealthy, too, and does everythii g en prince. 