SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1864. The letter of Lord RUSSELL in reply to M. VON BISMARK'S communication, challenging the approval of England, for the " moderation and placability " dis- played by the two German powers in their treatment of Denmark, is a docu- ment entirely worthy of an English statesman, and bears in its spirit a re- markable contrast to certain other epistles of the Foreign Secretary. Evi- dently there is a point beyond which the humility of the Palmerston Government cannot go. It may be bullied out of a certain course of action, but it cannot be bullied out of an opinion. Even for the pacific stomach of Lord RUSSELL the demand of M. VON BISMARK was a little too much. The principal brigand, having robbed his victim of his purse and his clothes, asks us to admire his generosity because he permits him to go away with bare life. The insolence of the Prussian letter was perhaps never paralleled in any public despatch penned by this Government since the days of the great FREDERICK. It is not enough that Prussia planned and carried out the dismemberment of the ancient Danish kingdom. It was not enough that, with the aid of Austria, and in violation of all treaties, she waged war against this little nation, and despoiled it of two-thirds of its continental terri- tories. Having been able, through the happy accident of the disunion between the other great powers, to effect its pur- pose thoroughly, Prussia now turns round, and dares to ask England to ap- prove of her moderation. The answer of Lord RUSSELL deals with the impudent demand in the proper spirit. In perfectly calm and simple language, the Foreign Secretary declares that " HER MAJESTY'S Govern- " ment would have preferred a total " silence instead of the task of com- " menting on the conditions of the " peace." Being challenged, however, by M. VON BISMARK, the British Government is bound to declare its opinion that the aggression of Austria and Prussia upon Denmark was not justified by right or necessity. It " deeply laments that the advantages " acquired by successful hostilities should " have been used by Germany to dis- " member the Danish monarchy, which " it was the object of the Treaty of " 1852 to preserve intact." As to the " satisfaction of national feeling," re- ferred to by the Prussian Minister as one of the happy results of the war, the British Foreign Secretary observes, that by the cession of the Duchies to Germany, two or three hundred thousand Danes have been violently transferred to a foreign dominion. If, therefore, "national feeling" is to be re- garded as a good excuse for the aggres- sion, the result of the war has been to violate that feeling, in regard to the Danes in North Schleswig, in just as great a degree, proportionately, as it was violated before by the rule of the Danish King over the Ger- man Duchies, Prussia has, in fact, to remedy one imaginary wrong, perpe- trated a real one. And the difference is all in favour of the Germans who used to be under the rule of Denmark, inasmuch as they enjoyed a far greater amount of real liberty and good govern- ment than the Danes can hope to do who come under the dominion or the influence of Prussia. M. VON BISMARK, having spoken vauntingly of the overwhelming force with which the Duchies were occupied, and the success which crowned the efforts of the German troops, even to the complete subjugation of all the Danish continental territory, Lord RUSSELL re- torts, that "if it was said that force has " decided this question, and that the " superiority of the arms of Austria " and Prussia over those of Den- " mark was incontestable, the asser- " tion must be admitted ; but in that " case it is out of place to claim " credit for equity and moderation." As to the right of CHRISTIAN IX. to the Duchies, the Foreign Secretary remarks that this right is admitted in the very first article of the new Treaty between Denmark and Germany. In this article, the Danish King gives up the Duchies ; but he could not give them up unless they had been previously his to hold. In conclusion, Lord RUSSELL points out the dangers which are likely to arise from this violent mode of settling a question in which so much of the peace of Europe is involved. Even if it was justifiable to break through the obligations of 1852, the new settlement should have been made on such a basis as would have preserved it from the acknowledged errors of the old. The nations where new elements of divi- sion are combined, and from which new bonds of allegiance are exacted, should at least be satisfied with the conditions of peace. In regard to the Duchies, the British Government desires to see the wishes of the people consulted in the choice of their own Sovereign, and that they should receive free constitutional institutions. Any arrangement which should not recognize the wishes of the Duchies themselves, and which should suppress their free institutions, would be "only a new tource of disquiet and " disturbance in Europe." With this parting hit at M. VON BIS- MARK'S own constitutional practice, the Foreign Secretary dismisses the Prussian note. In this, at least, England has done her duty in the face of Europe. Unable, through the defection of the two other parties to the obligation, to enforce the observance of the Treaty of 1852, and compelled to be a silent witness of the dismemberment of the Danish kingdom, England has taken the first opportunity of letting Europe know her mind as to the " magnanimous" conduct of the Ger- man powers. M. VON BISMARK, in future, when he indulges in that rare luxury, "the satisfaction of national feeling," must look elsewhere than to England for applause. Englishmen have but one opinion as to the treatment of Denmark by Germany. They respect, as much as any people, the feeling of nationality ; but it is impossible that they can recog- nize in Austria and Prussia the cham- pions of the national sentiment. It is equally impossible for them to approve of an arrangement which, under pretence of restoring a certain number of Ger- mans to the fatherland, commits pre- cisely the same violence which it seeks to redress, by forcibly detaching some quarter of a million of Danes from their own nation, The sympathy of England is always ready for Germans as for Danes, but she must be satisfied that it is the proper voice which claims it. M VON BISMARK, as the irresponsible and unconstitutional instrument of a blind and besotted despot, who himself retains office in defiance of the public opinion of his own countrymen, certainly cannot be recognized as an exponent of national sentiment. Still less can we accept his guarantee that Schleswig and Holstein have acquired any real freedom by being detached from the Danish King to be placed under some nominee of Prussia. The extraordinary growth of the In- dian revenue during the seven years of comparative rest following on the fearful hurricane of 1857, is the most exceptional financial phenomenon of the age, or perhaps of all ages. English wealth has quickened and multiplied during the same period with even greater rapidity ; but the rich blossom of the mother country is simply the natural flowering of a most vigorous plant in a fertile and well-watered soil. The out- burst of Indian prosperity, on the other hand, is the startling efflorescence of a stunted and sapless trunk, which after year by year putting forth here a shoot, and there a leaf, as a feeble protest of vitality, at once bursts into redundant life in an affluence of foliage and flowers. For many years before the Sepoy insurrection, India had been almost as chronically bankrupt as Aus- tria, perpetually borrowing, and stagger- ing almost hopelessly under an ever increasing load of debt. The horror and havoc of the war came as the climax to a long series of casualties, barren of profit, though fruitful in glory ; but that which threatened to finally kill has radically cured. In all other coun- tries shattered by the uprising of a native against an alien race, the groundswell of the conflict, as in hapless Hungary still, continues long after the storm has passed away. In India, a new and more beautiful struc- ture arose at once upon the ruins of the past. The Treasury, which before was ever craving extraneous support, is now full to the brim. The national surplus overflows into every kind of native en- terprise. Money is forthcoming to any amount; and the whole region, from the Himalayahs to Cape Comorin, awakening from the slumber of centuries, is spring- ing forward into a new existence. The causes of such an electrical regeneration are many and various, most of them, of course, local and exceptional, based upon the peculiarities of Indian life and civilization ; others common to all coun- tries, and from which all countries can derive a profitable lesson. Of the latter, the railway system is in the first rank. The very curious report of Mr. JULIAN DANVERS, the Government director of Indian railways, conveys a lively idea of the extent to which the great iron high roads are now spreading over all parts of our Eastern empire. To what extent European capital and enterprise are involved in the mighty undertaking of establishing the most perfect means of locomotion in a country which, up to the present, has been almost with- out any means of intercommunication, some of Mr. DANVERS' figures strikingly show. In the year 1862, there arrived in India 407 ships, carrying 182,621 tons of railway materials, while to con- vey the whole material necessary, no less than 3,012 ships were employed-a fleet considerably larger than the navies of Belgium and the Netherlands put toge- ther. The total length of all the Indian railways at present amounts to about 2,000 miles, and adding the lines in course of construction, to about 5,000 miles. The profits have been great, but the expenditure equally great. The total estimate for the railways completed and commenced is about fifty-seven millions and a half, or £11,000 per mile. This amount has been hitherto raised with facility under a Government guarantee of five per cent. The pro- spective plans presume a total amount of about 12,000 miles, and the manner in which this is proposed to be effected deserves the attention, as it comes home to the interest of every Australian. In the British islands, the lines already completed average about 12,000 miles, the same amount as is contem- plated for India. These 12,000 miles, thanks to early ignorance, Parliamentary contests, profuse expenditure, and the neglect of Government to prohibit unne- cessary competition, have cost in the whole the enormous sum of £384,000,000; or as nearly as possible one-half the na- tional debt, being at the rate of £32,000 per mile. The construction of these lines has been, with few exceptions, throughout equally massive and costly, whether carried among the millions of the metropolis or through a compara- tive desert. The cost of the Indian lines of equal extent is intended to be limited to £118,000,000. Cheap land and cheap labour will have much to do with this difference ; the restriction of com- petition not much less, but the classifi- cation of the lines most of all. The English plan of heavy lines and heavy rails, laid down without re- ference to the wants and characteris- tics of the separate districts, is at once set aside. In its stead, the lines are divided into two classes-the trunk lines, and their feeders. The former are computed to measure about 7,000 miles ; they will be constructed with double rails, and the expense, which, as we have seen, has averaged £11,000 per mile, is guaranteed not in any event to exceed £14,000. The branch lines or feeders will cover the remaining 5,000 miles ; and as they will be single, their ex- treme cost is not to exceed £4,000 per mile. At this rate, and probably for £1,000 less, Sir MACDONALD STE- PHENSON, the chairman of the Indian Tramway (so-called) Company, stated that they could construct a system of iron roads, strong, though light, using locomotive-engine power, and capable of conveying heavy loads, and moving at high speed whenever necessary. If ex- perience verify his assertions, and the instances adduced go far to establish them, the 5,000 miles in a country so vast as India may be expected to multiply themselves by ten, and a system so exactly adapted to de- velop the resources of all countries in which, cheap locomotion is a ne- cessity of existence, will not long delay to extend itself as well into the bound- less legions which Anglo-Saxon enter- prise has laid open in Australia and the two Americas'. The similarity between the position of our present railway system and that of India strikes of itself. Acting under the instinctive conviction that for an infant country expansion is life, the two leading colonies have strained, if not overstrained, their resources to push the active life of their energetic populations from the seaboard into the far interiors. While the older colony is still fighting her up-hill way amidst the heavy slants and abrupt descents of the Blue Mountains, Victoria, by an exceptional favour of nature, has been able to achieve the full accomplishment of her wishes, and stands firmly planted on the banks of the abundant Murray, and on the threshold of the half a million of square miles reaching nearly to Cooper's Creek, at present a desert, but which wait but irrigation and cheap transit to be- come a second Egypt. The work has cost her the better half of eight millions, and is cheap at the money, provided - but provided only - she has common sense enough to utilise her work. The iron band which weds the maritime metropolis to the greatest of Australian rivers, is but the back- bone of a region to which the ribs and sinews are yet wanting. Except that the one country is the seat of the oldest and poorest population on earth, and the other is destined (though a solitude at present) to be the habitat of the wealthiest, the districts of India to he permeated by the cheap railroads are much in the same position as the regions along the Darling, Murrumbidgee, and Lachlan, and thence up to the tropic of Capricorn. India wants the cheap lines to convey the existing people ; Australia, to make it habitable and profitable for the people to come. A system of diverging railways, costing from £4,000 to £5,000 per mile, would push this portion of the globe in ad- vance by at least a quarter of a century. The later experience of Europe itself leaving India entirely out of the ques- tion, seems decisively to favour its prac- ticability. In Scotland, we find railways like the following :-The Aberdeen and Turriff Railway, with very heavy rock cuttings, costing only £8,000 per mile ; the Alford Valley, with similar heavy cut- tings, £6,500 per mile ; the Strathspey, 32½ miles, with two heavy bridges across the boiling Spey, and the same over the Tiddock, with a tunnel and tremen- dous cuttings, £7,500 per mile. These lines have all been made in some of the most difficult ground in the world, with the solitary advantage of cheap labour. The cheap labour we have not, and the materials we shall have partly to import at high cost; but everything else nature has prepared as it were for this special ob- ject. Riverina, once, no doubt, the site of a vast inland lake, filled up by the detritus of the mountains, presents for hun- dreds of miles a monotonous level, smooth as a billiard-table, over which the veriest tyro of an engineer could construct a line almost in his sleep. It is with no small pleasure, therefore, that we find that the spirited in- habitants of the Murray districts are beginning vigorously to avail themselves of this special bounty of nature. Two branch lines, terminating at Echuca, are already being actively organised ; the expense of either as a tramway being estimated under £2,000 a mile, which, without gross mismanagement, it cannot exceed. The only question is, whether, considering the unlimited resources of the regions that will thus be thrown open, agricultural, pastoral, and mineral, a considerably larger sum, especially if the lines be supplemented, as in America, by free grants of public land, may not be advantageously ex- pended. It has been practically found in the North-Western and Southern States, that a Government gift of the contiguous blocks in all cases covers more than half the expense ; and there seems, upon this principle, no real diffi- culty to prevent the new locomotive system of India, the oldest country of the world, from being carried out in Australia, the newest. The citizens of Melbourne, in common with the inhabitants of every district of the co- lony, have once again, in public meeting assembled, raised their voices in earnest pro- test against the continuance of transporta- tion to any portion of Australia. The meet- ing, which was convened by the Mayor, in compliance with the request of the City Council, was held last night at St. George's-hall. There was a very influential and large atten- dance - the hall, in fact, being crowded. The mayor presided, and the gentlemen on the plat- form included the Anglican Bishop of Mel- bourne, the President of the Legislative Coun- cil, member of both Houses of Parliament, and clergy of various denominations. Resolu- tions pointing out the justice of the anti- transportation movement, and petitions to Her Majesty the Queen and both branches of the Imperial Legislature, praying for the total cessation of transportation to Australia, were adopted unanimously. The following despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies to Governor Sir Charles Darling, on the subject of the colo- nial precedency of senior naval and military officers, was published in the Government Ga- zette last evening:-" Downing-street, August 27,1864. - Sir,-I have the honour to commu- nicate, to you certain alterations in the table of colonial precedency, which, with the con- currence of the Secretary of State for War, of His Royal Highness the Field Marshal Com- manding-in-Chief, and of the Lords Com- missioners of the Admiralty, I have sub- mitted for the approval of the Queen, Under the regulations hitherto in force, the pre- cedence of the ofliccr in command of Her Majesty's forces in any colony is dependent on the question whether or not he is entitled to administer the Government of the colony in the absence of the Governor. But the alteration of circumstances has ren- dered this arrangement in some cases inconvenient or anomalous, and I am to convey to you Her Majesty's pleasure that the following rules be hereafter observed in the colonies in regard to the precedency of military and naval officers in command of Her Majesty's forces. 1. The senior officer in command of the troops, if of the rank of a general, and the officer in command of Her Majesty's naval forces on the station, if of the rank of an admiral, are to have precedency next after the Governor, their own relative rank being determined by the Queen's regula- tions on that subject. 2. The senior officer in command of the troops, if of the rank of colonel or lieutenant-colonel, and the officer in command of Her Majesty's naval forces on the station, if of equivalent rank, are to have precedency next after the bishop and the chief justice, their own rela- tive rank being determined by the Queen's regulations on that subject. 3. If below the rank of colonel or lieutenant colonel, the senior officer in command of the troops and the officer in command of Her Majesty's naval forces on the station, are to continue to take rank as has heretofore been the case, next after the Solicitor-General. Whilst, however, these rules will take effect in every.place in which Her Majesty's instruc- tions communicated through the Secretary of State, avail for the purpose, they will not override the precedency which in a few colo- nies - is conferred on certain officers either by law or by the terms of letters patent from the Crown, which instruments cannot be set aside or altered except by the issue of others having the same form and equal authority. I have, the honour to be, &c;, EDWARD CARDWELL." The hearing of the case, Molesworth v. Moles- worth, was continued at the Supreme Court yesterday. Mrs. Molesworth, who was checked by the Chief Justice for impropriety of expression, concluded her evidence, and the greater part of the remainder of the day was taken up with the examination of Mr. Ireland. Mr. Ireland traversed all the allega- tions made by the respondent regarding his alleged familiarity with Mrs. Molesworth. Only one other witness was examined for the petitioner, a coachman for- merly in Mr. Molesworth's employment, and his evidence was not material. At the conclusion of the petitioner's case, her counsel suggested that a compromise should be arranged, but the respondent's legal ad- visers declined to entertain the "extraor- dinary" suggestion. Mr. Michie then opened the respondent's case, and intimated his in- tention of placing Mr. Molesworth in the witness-box. Voluminous evidence taken by an English commission, the object of which is to prove adultery on the part of Mrs. Moles- worth, and, more particularly, to identify her with a Mrs. Smythe, who was delivered of a male child at the latter end of 1862, was partly read to the Court, and will be pro- ceeded with this morning. Yesterday, a petition to Her Majesty the Queen from the Borough Council of Mary- borough, praying for the total cessation of transportation to Australia, was presented to the Governor by a deputation consisting of the Hon. W. Campbell. M.L.C. ; the Hon. D. Wilkie, M.L.C.; Mr. N. Levi, M.L.A. ; and Mr. J. Mason, M.L. A. His Excellency assured the deputation that he would not fail to for- ward the petition to Her Majesty, and at the same time state his own conviction that it expressed the opinions not only of the body from whom it proceeded, but of the great majority of the people of this colony. A deputation, consisting of the lessees of the lime-kiln, near the Botanical Gardens, Geelong, introduced by Mr. Richardson, M.L.A., had an interview with the Minister of Lands yesterday on the subject of the re- moval of the lime- kilns to another site. It appeared that the trustees of the Botanical Gardens objected to the kilns on their present site because the smoke from the chimneys was injurious to trees and plants in the gardens. About a year ago the lessees had consented to the removal to another site, which, the then Minister of Lands (the late Mr. Heales) was disposed to grant. Since then, however, the lessees had discovered that the proposed site was an objectionable one for various reasons. To begin with, the land was too low- lying for the purpose, while from the shallowness of the water on the beach at that point it would be impossible to convey the limestone on board vessels either by boats or otherwise. Again, the cost of removing the kilns-six in number-would be about £1,800, and the time requited between three and four months. There were also four huts, which could only be removed at a cost of about £55 each. The total extra cost in the production of the lime was estimated at about £875 a year, and, as showing the importance of the works, it was stated that between £5,000 and £6,000 was spent in Geelong annually in the shape of wages, &c.; The deputation added, that they would consent to the removal of the lime-kilns to the new site, with all its disadvantages, if a five-years' tenure were given them. Mr. Grant, in reply, said that, while the industry was one that should cer- tainly not be discouraged, he had difficulty in getting over the previous action of the board, and the consent of the leases to the removal. He would, however, take time to consider the whole facts of the case, and when he had done so the lessees would hear from him officially. The deputation then with- drew. The Sydney competitors in the Inter- colonial Rifle Match visited Ballarat on Thursday, and Sandhurst yesterday. They take their departure homewards to-day. The usual commanding officer's parade of the St. Kilda Artillery Corps is postponed from Monday to Tuesday, at half-past five a.m. The members will assemble at the Junction to join the Prahran and South Yarra Rifles for a battalion parade under Major Pitt. The exhibition of the Williamstown Horti- cultural Society, which takes place this day, promises to be a most interesting affair. Numerous entries have been received from Melbourne, Brighton, the Werribee, and other localities, and no doubt the show will have the effect of attracting a goodly number of persons to the public gardens at Williams- town, which, we may observe, although sheltered from the wind, are so situated as to command a delightful view of the bay. This afternoon, on the Melbourne Cricket ground, the match between the first eleven of the M.C.C. and the next eighteen, with Caffyn, which was commenced last Saturday, will be continued. On the grounds of most of the suburban clubs, there are also matches arranged to come off. Roberts's final billiard match in Melbourne takes place to-night, at the Albion Hotel. His opponent is to be Lamb, who is to re- ceive 600 points. A meeting of the committee of the Vic- torian Phonetic Society was held in the Mechanics' Institute last evening. Mr. B.C. Harriman, vice-president of the society, occupied the chair. The treasurer's state- ment was laid on the table, showing a small balance in hand. Letters were read from Messrs. Dowling and Waldron, of Launceston, and Mr. John Diack, of Dunedin, containing encouraging accounts of the progress of pho- nography in their respective cities. A notice was read of the death of Mr. William Murray, who formerly took an active part in the intro- duction of phonography into Victoria, and a resolution was passed expressing the com- mittee's sense of the great loss the interests of phonographers had sustained in consequence. It was decided that a general meeting of the society should be held in the early part of December. Trinity Church, East Melbourne (erected on the Cathedral Reserve), is now completed, and will be opened to-morrow. Sermons will be preached-in the morning, by the Right Rev. Bishop Pony ; in the afternoon, by the Rev. H. N. Wollaston, parish minister ; and in the evening, by the Very Rev. Dean Macartney. A collection in aid of the build- ing fund will be made after each service. A meeting of the congregation of St. Thomas's Church, Essendon, was held at Moonee Ponds on Thursday evening last to consider the desirability of procuring a new hall for the church. In the absence of the Rev. Edward Puckle, Mr. J. T. Smith, M.L.A., was called to the chair, and requested Dr. Tweeddale to explain the views of the church- wardens on the subject. The meeting was afterwards addressed by Messrs. J. A. Mac- pherson, M.L, A., Hinkins, Puckle, and Heath, and it was agreed that the meeting should be adjourned until the 20th inst., when various amounts which had been promised are to be paid in. We understand that the Bishop of Tas- mania is a passenger by the ship True Briton, which sailed from London in the last week of September for Melbourne. We have been requested to notify to the members of the Church of England, that to- morrow is the day suggested by the Church Assembly for collections simultaneously in all the churches for the general fund of the diocese. The second anniversary of the Sunday School in connexion with the Victorian Free Church, Collingwood, will be celebrated to- morrow, when sermons will be preached by the Rev. J. G. Millard, the Rev. James Taylor, and the Rev. M. Goethe. A public tea meet- ing will be held on Tuesday night, under the presidency of Mr. E. Cope, M.L.A. At the weekly meeting of the executive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Friday, the superintendent made the following return :-Number of inmates in the home, as reported last week, 198 ; admitted since, 85 ; persons who have received out- door relief, 276, or 75 families. Total re- lieved, 550, Discharged from the home during the week, 82. Total at present remaining, 201 ; number stonebreaking, 15 ; oakum-picking, 9. A special meeting of shareholders in the Scarsdale Great Extended Gold Mining Com- pany was held yesterday afternoon, at the offices, 64 Elizabeth street ; Mr. Thomas Loader presiding. The meeting was convened with a view to alter Rule 5, which provides for increasing the capital of the company when such a course shall be deemed advisable ; and the Chairman, in opening the proceedings, stated that he considered it highly necessary that the operations of the company should be extended, by increasing their capital and sinking more shafts on the large area of ground which they possessed. In supporting an increase of capital, he quoted several of the Ballarat and Buninyong companies, whose capitals were considerably over £100,000, while the Scarsdale Great Extended, although holding quite as much ground as any of them, had a capital of only £30,000. The propriety of splitting up the shares into smaller scrip was then discussed, and of the various plans submitted, the one which met with most general acceptance was, that the capital should be increased to £50,000 by splitting up the stock of the company into 4,000 shares of £12 10s. each, the original shares to be represented by eight scrip, on each of which £6 5s. should be considered paid up. To carry on operations it would be necessary to make calls, and it was thought that a call of 10s. per share bi- monthly would be amply sufficient for the purpose. The formal alteration of Rule 5 was then moved by Mr. C. R. Day, as follows :-" That the words 'four- fifths of the shareholders in the company' be struck out, and inserted in lieu thereof 'shareholders holding three fourths of the shares in the company.'" The motion was seconded by Mr. Heath and carried una- nimously, and the meeting closed. The first general meeting of the share- holders in the Bell's Reef (Tarrengower) Quartz-mining Association was held yester- day afternoon, at the offices, Market-street, Mr. Chas. Day in the chair. The object of the meeting was to confirm the rules and regulations as drawn up, appoint a committee of management and two auditors. The rules and regulations having been read and adopted, Messrs. J. J. Seife, Chas. Day, Henry Elder, Michael Keogh, and Wm. Salter, were elected members of the committee of manage- ment. Messrs. R. M. Johnston, and John Mullaly were appointed auditors; and the meeting, which was very scantily attended, separated after a very brief sitting. The body of a man was found floating in the river yesterday morning, near the Rich- mond quarries, and was removed to the Prince Alfred Hotel, Church- street, for coro- ner's inquiry. Deceased, who has not yet been recognized, is described as being about 5ft. 9in. in height, of light complexion, and sandy hair and whiskers. He was dressed in a blue pilot frock coat, light tweed trousers and vest, and Wellington boots. He is supposed to be a German. It is con- jectured that he has been in the water nine or ten days. In his pockets were found a gold Geneva watch, a silver guard- chain, a pair of new brown kid gloves, a white silk pocket handkerchief and another spotted one of the same material, a pocketbook, and part of a letter written in German ; also one corded black silk necktie, with a running knot on it, which the constable who makes the report supposed was used by deceased for the purpose of committing suicide, the grounds of this supposition not being stated. On the nisi prius side of the Supreme Court were tried yesterday, before Mr. Justice Barry, the actions of Johnston v. Tulloch, for false imprisonment and malicious prosecu- tion, in which the plaintiff got £250 damages ; and the action of Sabatiere v. M'Ewan, for arrest and malicious prosecution, in which the plaintiff got £20 damages. Before Mr. Justice Williams was tried the case of Hood v. O'Reilly, an action of libel by the late M.L.A., for Belfast, against the editor of the Belfast Bannerr, for accusing Mr. Hood of pil- fering a telegram sent to Mr. Horne, a rival candidate, but delivered by mistake to Mr. Hood and by him inadvertently opened and read. The jury gave Mr. Hood £50 damages. The business dealt with at St. Kilda Police Court, yesterday, was of an unimportant cha- racter. A man named James Kenna, charged with cutting timber on Crown lands, was fined 5s. ; in default of payment, to be im- prisoned for a week. Several parties were visited with small fines for allowing their goats to wander. The magistrates on the bench were Messrs. Frazer, Donald, Black, and Baillie. Yesterday, at East Collingwood Police Court, a boy named John Bantom, was or- dered to be sent for three years to a reforma- tory school, and his parents directed to pay 4s. per week for his support there. Mary Anne Holmes, for stealing four flower-pots, valued at 2s, wes sent to prison for fourteen days, with hard labour. Alfred Cleveland, for making use of abusive language, was fined 40s. and 10s. costs, or fourteen days' impri- sonment; and Edward Twyford, for the same offence, was fined 5s., and 5s. costs. John Morgan, for threatening to take the life of his wife, was bound over to keep the peace in his own recognizance of £20, and two sureties of £10 each ; and Gage, another defendant on a similar charge, was bound over to the peace in his own surety of £10. The assault case, Johnson v. Conroy, was again postponed for a week, the defendants being admitted to bail. In several cases of horse and cow wandering, and charges of drunkenness, small fines were inflicted; and a number of actions for the recovery of petty debts, were also dealt with. The Hon. J. P. Fawkner, and Messrs. T. Cope, H. J. Hart, G. B. Hailes, T. Miles, and T. Gleenwood, were the magistrates pre- sent. The following rewards to police officers are published in the Police Gazette of Thurs- day :-" To Constable Morrison, Melbourne, the sum of £2 has been awarded from the Police Reward Fund, in acknowledgement of his resolution shown in the arrest of two Chinamen for attempted burglary; to Senior Constable Patrick Murphy (950), Dandenong, £5, in acknowledgement of his courage shown in rescuing a man from drowning during the recent floods, at the imminent risk of his own life ; to Sergeant First-class James Babington (71), £3; Constable Edward Hall (569), £5; Constable John Doxay, £2 ; and Constable John Small Aird, £2, in acknowledge- ment of their skill in the discovery of an illicit still at Yackandandah, and the arrest of David Matson, fined £50 for illicit distil- lation; to Senior Constable Arthur Loftus Steele (1,179), Constable Thomas Cahill (190), and Constable Patrick Ward (1,323), at Yack- andandah, £5 each, in acknowledgment of the resolution shown in the arrest of two dis- tinct gangs of Chinese gamblers, and the seizure of money and apparatus used in gambling; to Constable Patrick Curtin (1,561), at Rokewood, £2, in acknowledgement of his resolution shown in the arrest of Donald McDonald for stealing certain horses belong- ing to John Bamford, p. 377. By the Black Swan we have Tasmanian advices to the 17th last. The Government intend to grant £1,000 in aid of the gold-pros- pecting fund, unhampered by conditions. The Hobart Town Mercury says :-" It is be- lieved that illicit distillation is carried on to a considerable extent in the colony. The Government have therefore offered a reward of £50 to any person who will give such infor- mation to the police or Customs departments as may lead to the capture of stills and the conviction of the offenders." The Hobart Town Mercury observes:-" On Tuesday, the tide in the Derwent was lower than it has been known to be for many years past. The boat wharfs and fishermen's docks were nearly dry, and the water in Sandy Bay re- ceded a considerable distance, beyond the bathing- houses." The Longford Regatta took place on Wednesday. The Corn- wall Chronicle intimates, that Govern- ment have decided that the champion prize for rifle shooting for 1865 shall be shot for at Launceston. On Monday, Mr. Hargreaves, accompanied by the Mayor of Launceston and other gentlemen, visited the west bank of the South Esk, and tested the top-drift, which resulted in obtaining from twenty to sixty specks to the dish. By the Gothenburg we have advices from Dunedin and Invercargill to the 12th inst. The Otago Daily Times of that date says:-"Some excitement was manifested in town yesterday by a report that four men had applied for and been granted a prospecting claim in a gully within eight miles of Dunedin. On inquiry, we found this to be true, a man named Lee and three mates having struck & patch of payable gold on a small stream running into the Silver Stream, immediately above the cross- ing of the West Taieri-road ford. They appear to have been working on a small flat for the last four months, and to have scarcely made wages, but, on Thursday, at a depth of about eight feet, they came upon a narrow lead, which yielded three and a half ounces in about two and a half days. It is not antici- pated that there is auriferous ground sufficient in area to support a large population." In Southland, the elections were the all- engross- ing subject. The following prisoners have been dis- charged from the Penal department during the week ending the 15th November : - James Baldwin, alias Harris, sentenced on the 3rd February, 1862, to three years' imprisonment for burglary and stealing ; George Beresford, alias Patrick Lyster, sentenced on the 2nd February, 1863, to two years' imprisonment, for uttering a forgery; John Desmond, sen- tenced on the 4th July, 1864, to six months' imprisonment, for stealing from a dwelling ; William Needham, sentenced on 3rd Novem- ber, 1862, to three years' imprisonment, for burglary and stealing ; Henry Smith, alias Jeremiah Higgins, sentenced on the 1st June, 1864, to six months' imprisonment, for steal- ing a coat ; and five others, who were sen- tenced to short periods of imprisonment for petty offences. Tickets-of-leave have been issued during the week to Allen Clarke, sen- tenced at Castlemaine, on the 27th October, 1859, to ten years' imprisonment, for two cases of assault and robbery ; John Evans, alias William J. Evans, sentenced at Mel- bourne on the 22nd April, 1854, to twelve years' imprisonment for horse stealing ; and Patrick Gorman, sentenced at Melbourne on the 20th September, 1859, to ten years' imprisonment, for similar offences. The New Zealand Advertiser of the 3rd inst, gives the following account of the visit of the Superintendent of Wellington (Dr. Fea- therstone) to the natives of Waitotara :-" On the 20th October, his Honour the Superin- tendent and Interpreter, accompanied by Captain W. B. Rhodes and others, started for the Waitotara. On Friday Maenesne was reached. Two natives came from Te Weraroa, a native settlement about three-quarters of a mile from Maeneone, where some earthworks were thrown up, and ordered his Honour to go no further. When they were asked by the interpreter to give a reason for this strange proceeding, they said they had no reason to give. His Honour then requested the interpreter to tell them that he would order them over the river. We started for Weraroa, but before we had gone very far some natives ran out of a pa to stop us. His Honour took no notice of them, but pro- ceeded on his journey. One native drew from under his blanket a bone mere. The inter- preter rode up to his Honour and told him that the natives intended mischief. Some of the natives had got ahead of the party, and others came out of their pas to the earth- works with their war clubs and guns, and one native was seen loading his gun. They then came outside of the earthworks singing their new religion (' Hauhau ') hoki atu paimarire, and barking like dogs. His Honour with three of the party rode up to the earthworks, and then returned. Since his Honour's visit to Waitotara it has been reported that the natives are fortifying themselves at Perekawa, and have dug rifle pits inside the earthworks and slightly covered them over with earth, to deceive the troops or whoever may go to at- tack them. This is the state of the Waito- tara natives." A public meeting was held on the 11th inst, at the Australian Arms Hotel, Darling- ford (late Big River Junction), for the purpose of taking immediate steps to memorialise the Government on the subject of direct mail communication between Melbourne on one side, and Darlingford, Enoch's Poimt, and Gaffney's Creek on the other. Mr. C. Mount- ford presided. Resolutions in accordance with the object of the meeting were adopted unanimously. A special case - Cleve v. Jacomb- was argued before the Supreme Court of Otago on the 10th inst. The facts of the case are as follows:-"On July 11, 1863, a Mr. Slater's estate was sequestrated in Victoria, com- pulsorily, and in his absence. The defendant was appointed his assignee, and on Jaly 23 the order of the court for sequestration was confirmed, and the effect of that transaction was to vest all Slater's estate in Jacomb so far as the laws of Victoria could vest them. Afterwards, and while in New Zealand, Slater petitioned the Insolvent Court in Dunedin, and Cleve, the plaintiff, was appointed trustee on his estate, and on the 12th of December, 1863, a deed of assignment was voluntarily executed by Slater in trust for all his creditors. Prior to the 11th July, 186 3, Slater had placed in the hands of Frederick Joseph Moss, auctioneer, in Dunedin, goods to the value of £353 8s. 10d. and Mr. Moss had placed that sum of money in the court to abide the result of this appli- cation. The real question at issue between the parties was whether Cleve or Jacomb was entitled to receive this money. The Court was of opinion that sufficient appeared on the face of the case to show that at the time of the Victorian sequestration the insolvent Slater had not lost his Victorian domicile. The personal property, therefore, passed to the Victorian assignee. Judgement for the defendant." Mr. Miller, of the Burrumbeet Hotel, (says the Ballarat Star,) is building a screw steamer, fifty feet in length, for plying on Lake Bur- rumbeet. The burlesque of "The Royal Milkmaid," at the Haymarket Theatre, last evening, was preceded by the opera of "Don Cæsar de Bazan," which went off most successfully, the hero being personated by Lady Don. This evening Lady Don sustains, for the first time, the character of William in " Black Eyed Susan." The following are the latest items of Echuca intelligence:- A public meeting was held at St. Georgc's hall on Tuesday evening, when the Water Supply Company was formed. Nearly 700 shares were taken up in the room. The work of laying down the water-pipes at the railway terminus is progressing rapidly The permanent passenger station is approach- ing completion. The goods station will be finished in about three months. "The streets of Echuca," says the Riverine Herald, " are in a fearful state, in consequence of having been cut up by the late enormous traffic of wool teams." A "Friday Half-holiday Association' has been formed at Ballarat. A yonng man named James Matthews, a miner, was drowned in a dam in Prince Regent Gully, near Ballarat, on Wednesday evening. He went there with the intention to bathe, and being unable to swim, he sank before assistance could be rendered. Mr. G. G.Morton, late M.L.A. for Ripon, and who unsuccessfully contested Ballarat West, was entertained at a public dinner at Smythesdale on Wednesday. The Provincial Council of Otago, on the 10th inst., agreed to the following resolu- tions, proposed by Mr. John Cargill :-" That, in the opinion of this Council, the time has arrived when it is the duty of this province to declare its views with respect to the state of affairs in the North Island. That this Council, while constantly refraining from the expression of any opinions that might embarrass the General Government of the colony in the measures deemed necessary for the suppression of the native rebellion, has nevertheless seen not without great anxiety that the adoption of those measures in- volved sacrifices which have seriously crip- pled the resources of this province. That the people of this province were willing to make those sacrifices so long as they could reasonably hope that decisive and united action would have contributed to a lasting and honourable peace. That after sixteen months' warfare, a deplorable loss of life, and the expenditure of a vast sum of money, whereof no authorized account or estimate has transpired, no appreciable results have been attained, while the good name of the colony has been perilled and its credit shaken in Great Britain, where also the opinion has been created that the war is carried on at the cost of the mother country for the purpose of transferring the native lands to the colonists, who are content to be thus enriched without personal or pecuniary risk to themselves ; an opinion which reflects with peculiar in- justice upon the colonists of the Middle Island, who have cheerfully borne the prin- cipal portion of the colonial cost of a war with which they have in reality no more direct interest than any other province of the British Empire. That it appears to this Council that the objects proposed to be secured at the last session of the General Assembly have not been gained, and the sacrifices the people of this province were called upon to make have been hitherto made in vain. That in view of the immediate meeting of the Assembly the Council declares its conviction that the province is unable to endure a burden imposed for un- attainable ends ; and that unless some measures can be taken which shall lead to the early termination of the war on terms consistent with the honour of the colony and the safety of the northern settlements, this province will endeavour to obtain the concur- rence of the other provinces of the Middle Island in a financial and political separation of the two principal islands of New Zealand. That Mr. Speaker be requested to forward copies of these resolutions to Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, His Ex- cellency the Governor of New Zealand, to the Speakers of the Legislative Council and House of Representatives, and the Superin- tendents of the Provinces of New Zealand." The formal inauguration of the new Tem- perance Hall (the late Theatre Royal) Bal- larat, took place on Thursday evening. A temperance festival was given on the occa- sion, at which Mr. Vale, M.L.A. ; Mr. Jones, M.L.A.; and Mr. Longmore, M.L.A., as- sisted. The performances at the Theatre Royal were last night patronized by Colonel Ander- son, colonel commandant of Victorian Volunteers, and his staff. The intercolonial champion rifle competitors were also present, and the house was well filled. Mr. Jefferson, who appeared first as La Fleur, and after- wards as Timothy Toodles, played with his accustomed excellence. 