Arrival of tho September Mail from Europe. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Xortham, Captain Skottowe, with the September mails from England, arrived in Hobson's Bay yesterday afternoon, j It seems to be jjeneraUy admitted that destitution exists in Melbourne, and that the employers of labour in the country districts experience considerable difficulty in obtaining an adequate supply of suitable labour. Suchananomalousstate of things is greatly to be regretted on many accounts. In the first place, it retards the progress of industry in the interior ; it throws the burden of maintaining the unemployed upon a few charitably-disposed individuals in this city and its suburbs ; it helps to demoralise those who are thus dependent upon the alms of others for support ; and thc report of people being in destitute cir cumstances in tne capital of the richest colony in the world does us incalculable mischief in tlie mother country. For it is observable that the cry of destitution is raised with tho greatest vehemence and pertinacity just beforo the departure of each mail. Letters appear in the news papers, and are commented upon in lead ing articles, and public meetings are held, in which destitution is tho theme ; and tho writers and apeakorsappear to be animated by a desire to paint our condition in the gloomiest colours. Is the coincidence of these things with tho dispatcli of tho mail attributable to accident or design P Was . it by mere misadventure that tho last meeting (which terminated so ludicrously) , at St. George's Hall, was convened on the very evening beforo tho day on which the daily journals publish their monthly sum maries ? If these coincidences are. inten- tional, it would bo difficult to employ language too strong in reprehension of thoso who aro conspiring to defame our reputation abroad, and to injure our wel fare hero. The pcoplo of England — at. least that portion ot it which feels any interest in the colonies, and may bo debating to which of them it shall transfer its capital, skill, and industry, with a view of bottering its cir cumstances and improving its prospects, can only form its judgment of Victoria, inter alia, from information superficially acquired. A small farmer, for example, with a few hundred pounds, a family of grown-up sons, and plenty of practical knowledgo and experience, may meditate emigrating hither; but his information: respecting tho .condition of tho colony is dorivod cither from tho summaries sont him by somo old acquaintance in Vic toria, or by tho extracts from them which find their way into the country papers, We spci-k from positivo knowlpdgo when wo say that, in tho latter caso, it is almost certain that ho will meet with nothing that is not advorso to emigration. It is the policy of thoso who support tho pro vincial' press of England by their advor tisomonts and subscriptions, to discourage tho outflow of labour and capital, because tho emigration of tho labouring classes tends to elevate the wages of thoso who remain j whilo tho emigration of farmors, and farmers' sons, and people with capi, tat, tends to lower the rent of land by diminishing tho competition for agricul tural holdings genorally. Hcnco, as a general rule, tho provincial press in tho mother- country gives no publicity to colonial intelligence) which is supposed to bo favourable to omigration, whilo tho utmost prominenco is afforded to what ever tells against it — to deeds of bush ranging and violence, narratives of flood, fire, and drought; tales of . lawlessness and crimo ; and accounts indicative of the prevalence of destitution. It is easy to imagine, thorcforo, tho effect whioh must bo produced upon tho mind of an. intend ing emigrant, no matter what his con dition . in life, when he hears of public meetings being called in the metropolis of Victoria, to devise means for the relief of the unemployed, and when he finds it seriously asserted that the colony has reached its limit of population. Such a man has neither the leisure, nor the opportunity, of investigating the real circumstances of the colony. The one ugly and .Apparently unanswerable fact stares him' in tho face — there is destitu tion in its metropolis — there is a protest against further immigration, and conse quently Victoria is no place for him. Canada, Queensland, and IS'evv Zealand have their indefatigable agents in England, who diligchtly- trumpet forth the attractions presented to settlers in those colonies, and to one of them he most likely directs his steps. : To show the influx of capital, as well .as . labour, into the second of tho colonies- enumerated above, Mr. Jordan, when passing through Melbourne on his way to England two months ago, mentioned, within . our hearing, that it had been ascertained that, in every ship-load of immigrants intro: duced by tho Queensland Government, there was an admixture of small capitalists whose aggregate means were not less than £20,000. '\Yc believe that Victoria and the Cape of Good Hope are the only two dependencies of the British Crown in which a section of the population deliber ately raises the cry of ' stinking fish,' and it is a distinction of which neither of us has any cause to be proud. It eertainlv does not redound to our advan tage. Would it not be more creditable and beneficial to remove the causes of thc destitution ? If, as is confidently asserted, that destitution is occasioned (in the case of such able-bodied men as may be suffering from it) by. the want of some organised means of bringing together those who are looking for labourers, and those who are seeking for employment, the obvious course would be to supply that organisation. It is expecting too much of the Government to ask it to intervene on all possible occasions, and for all possible purposes, to make up for the deficiencies in the social system ; but the same persons who benevolently combine to relieve the distress which presents itself, might give a new direction to their charitable cflbrts by establishing a Labour Exchange. A feasible proposition of this kind appeared in one ot the daily papers on Thursday ; a correspondent suggesting that a room should be hired in some suit able locality, and a book opened in which employers should enter their wants, the nature of the duties to be performed, and the amount of wages proposed to be given ; and in which persons seeking em ployment should also enter, or cause to be entered by the official in attendance, thc description of labour for which they are qualified, and the wages they expect. lie proposes that employers should pay a fee of half-u-crown, which would go to pay the rent of the room, the salary of the clerk, and thc incidental expenses, while persons in want of employment should be called upon to pay sixpence only ; any surplus accruing from these sources to be applied to a fund for the relief of the really destitute. Such a proposition appears to be plain and practical, and might easily be carried into effect. When brought into operation, there is every reason to conclude it would lessen the drain upon private benevolence, which would then have to deal only with the sick, the feeble, the infirm/and the deserted. Any of the charitable associations which have beon organised in andaround this citv might, with propriety .undertake thc estab lishmentanamanagcmentof such an oflicc or Exchange, and we should very soon be able to discriminate between those who are willing to work and can find nothing to do, and those who arb able to work, but who prefer a life of indolent depend ence upon tho charity of others. The general European news is unimpor tant The negotiations at Vienna were prb Kressinj, England favouring the views of the Duke of Augustenbiirg. Tlie treaty between France and Italy was jwpular. At Turin the riots were suppressed^ and the city was tranquil In America the war still continued without any very decided successes on either side. M'CleUan has accepted tho nomination for the Presidency, but declares that tho Union must l-c preserved at all hazard?. Fremont has withdrawn his candidature, and Lincoln is supported by the whole of tho Republican party. His prospects are improving. Be tween the 21st and 25th August tho Fedorals lost 12,000 men. General Early had been defeated by General Sheridan ; heavy loss on both s'ulea. Gold was at 22-tJ ; the mar ket quite unsettled. The British Govern ment had despatched the Earl of Airlio to the United States, with instructions to offer himself to the Confederacy as a medium of communication with the Govern ment of Great Britain. From India we hear that a terrific cyclone had swept over Calcutta on tho 7th October, destroy ing property to the yaluo of £2,000,000. Scarcely a house or building escaped injury, and wholo villages were swept away, Two hundred ships were in tho river, nnd only thirty escaped injury ; three hundred lives were lost, and on shore a thousand. The P. and O. steamers, Jubal and Nemesis, wero dismasted, and tho Bengal went ashore. The cyclone lasted five hours. O£ domestic news tho following aro the chief items. Her Majesty is at Balmoral, in excellent health. The Princo and Princess of Wales had visited Denmark, arriving at Elsinore on Cth September, and wcro well received, notwithstanding tho antipathy of the Danish people to England. Tho Crown Princess of Prussia gave birth to a son on the 15th September. Lord Palmerston, al though in his 81st year, is well, and actively performing hi3 duties as Prime Minister. Ono of tho vacant Garters has been conforred on tho Marquis of Lansdowne. Tho Queen has conferred tho Victorian Cross on Assist ant Surgeons Manlcy and Temple, Lieutenant iPickard, Ensign Down, and Drummer' 'Stackpoole, for' ?.bravery in tho '.New Zealand' war. Two ships had sailed with reinforcements /or Now Zealand. Tho St Leger Stakes wer6 won by Blair Athol ; General Peel, Becondj Cambuscan, third. Tho Great Yorkshire- Handicap, by Magnum Borium ; Revolver, second j Raglan, third. Tho Doncaster Cup, General. Peel, 1; Hip polyta; 2 ; Minor, 3. Tho Portland Plate, Persuasion, 1 ; Woldga, 2; Lyra; 3.. Tho ono mile champion handicap pedestrian race was won by Brunell ; time, 4 min. 20 sec The two mile Swimming match, for tho champion cup, was won by Gurr, of London ; time, 32 min. 4 sec. And thc championship 0/ thoTync was won by Chambers, who easily defeated Cooper. Tliegreatfinhtfor£500asiue, between Maco and Coburn, the American was to como off on the 4th October, in Ireland. Captain Spoke, the disco vorer of tho Bpurces of tho Nilo, is dead, having shot himself accident, ally. Thero was a tremendous colliery explosion at Shofficld, 18 lives Io3t A great firo in Lopdon destroyed £100,000 worth of property. The shock of onearthquakowas dis tinctly felt in Cheshire. Muller, tho supposed murderer of Mr. Briggs, has been committed to Newgate. Tho German Association have warmly taken up his case, believing him in nocent Tho Leeds Bank has failed, with losses to tho amount of a million sterling. Twenty thousand colliers were on striko in Staffordshire. Tho powder mills at Erith, containing 30,000 barrels of gunpowder, had blown up, destroying everything within a radius of six miles. Tho Thames embank ment at Westminster was laid in ruins by tho shock, which was felt at Windsor. A great many persons wero killed and woundod. 