SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Parliament adjourned on the 17th inst for the Easter recess, and will re as- semble on the 12th proximo. Previous to the adjournment, the Land Bill was read a third time in the Lower House, and sent up to the Council, where it was read a first time. In its passage through the Assembly, Mini- sters successfully resisted the intro- duction of amendments, having given way only on one point of im- portance. They agreed, after successive divisions, to increase to 400 the number of leases for the purposes of "novel in- "dustries" that may be issued by the Board of Land and Works in any one year These leases, it may be stated, are provided for in the 47th section of the Land Act of 1862, under which a selector is authonzed to take up any number of acres, not exceeding thirty, for such purposes as vine growing, tobacco-planting, the cultivation of tea, nee, cotton; i)cc, at a fLved and not large ieut, with the light to purchase the freehold Uudei that section the maxi- mum annual number of leases (100), peinutted under the Act of 1862, has been taken up, and a large sum of money lias been bpent in improvements, though it is moie than questionable Avhethei the plea of a ' novel industry ' could be bubstantiated by many ol the lessees, should the question be laised The third leading ot the bill, however, was not carried AUtkout a* simp contest Mr O'bhanabsy headed the Opposition. AAlnch was composed of ultra land re foimeis, occupation lieenco f ivoureis and sux^porters of the auction systerr puie and sunple He made a iierci onslaught on the ranks of the Cabinet ike discussion, hoAAever, biought oui no neAV ieatuie of political interest though it gave occasion for some smgu larry illogical and passionate speeches On a division, the bill Avas carnee by tim ty lour to thirty votes, in i llouse the full number of members o A\Inch is &CAenty; eight Mi Duffy le niained true to his land views, and vote« with Ministers Thioughout the debate sevcial maiked conveisions to the auc turn system A\eie announced, and tb admission beeined to be geneial, that i this bill tails m the Upper House, an< the laAv is lelt ni its piesent unsatisfac tory state, the next Land Bill will s\v ee ¡way all the aitiiicial distinctions create by the Act of 18G2, obliterate the di! Unction draA\n between lands foi agricu tuial settleis and lands for pastor, tenants, and îestoie the Avholcsoine syi tem oi sale by auction The last act of the Legislatuie, befoi the îecess, A\as the adoption (in bot Houses) oi the folioAvmg senes oí res« lutions, proposed by Mmisteia, on ti subject ol tiauspoitation, m îeply to despatch nom his Grace the Duke < newcastle, îeceived by tho Januai mail - " That as thedojpatch from hi» Grace t] Duke of Ncvtcustlc to Urs Lxeullt ney ti fjovernor ¡sir Charles Henry Darling, dati '¿oth January, 1801 on ino bubject ot trat poitatlon oi crimínala to the, Australian col nug, stales tho determination of tho Imperl Government to continue to send convicts a limited extent to tho colony of Westo Austruliu, it ib resolved by this llouse 1 1 hat while we desire to acknowledge t consideration Avhich has hem paid by II Mnjesty's Government to the reuionstranc ol the people and l'urhament of Victoi against the continuance of transportation VA ester n Australia, Ave learn with deep regí tho determination of Her Majesty s Öovt-r minc to maintain the existing BJ stem, winch upwaids of COO convicts will be 60 annually for an indefinite period, from t United Kingdom to the shores of Austral! and we earnestly protest against that deti mination ¿ That whilo Ave d solaim any genei right to dictate to lier Mujeuty s Governme what shah or Bhall not b- douo tlnouglie the whtle ot AuBiraha by the Government the Luotbcr country, v» e insist npou our rif. to prcts upon the attention of lier 11¡jest advibers the injurious effects to this colony the policy upon tins quebtiou adopted a perbeAered m by the Butish Government 3 That we deni the right of tho colom of Western Atibtialia to calculato upon f continuauco ot tho policy which was i tlattd as an exponment a few yeiiw ago, a which Las produced ctlecta (fa miscmc\< nature to the bulijecfcï of IIci Mujejty iii I other colonies of Aubtraha 4 lhat while we earnestly desire that 1 lojalty and good will Avhich havj hithe united the peoplo of Victoria to the Cro ami to the empire should continue nm paired, we are coustiained to record our lief, that so long a« any convicts are tra ported from Great Britain to tho shores Australia, tho feelings of attaehmont of . ptople ot Victoria to the Grown will mingled AAith a deep sense of unmcri wrong inflicted upon this colony hy the Aisero of lier Majesty 5 And that an address embodying foregoing resolutions be presented to ." Lxcellency for transmission to tho n, honourable tho Secretary of btato for Colonies ' In supporting these resolutions in ' Assembly, Mi M'Culloch m ide a strc point by quoting fiom a speech diesscd to the llouse of Lords, m l8 by the Duke of KeAvcastlo Mi M'C kuli is reported to have spoken as : IOAVS - ' In tho year 1853, the Duke of NcAvca stated in tho HOUEO of Lords in reply question put by Loid Monteadlo, that after < icirnig AWth the Dome Secretary that it wc le practicable-and it practicable it was n desirable-that transportation to Van '. men's Land should cease at onco, aud t tlurefoie, not ono convct mora Avould Eint to that colon) Now, if it was p ticable to discontinue transportation to Diemens Land, surely it «asas practic onda5 Jesirnbleto discontinue it to »Ves Australia Buthis Grace intimated atthes time, that trausportalion to AVi stern Austi must cease beforo long. And yet althe tlcAcn years had clapseJ, transportation continued toWcstom Auotialla Tiaubpi don to Van Diemon's Lind wasahaudo because-as avowed by the Imperial Gov went-it was injurious to the eontigi colonies, and objected to by tho'o colo: But the colonies of Eastern Australia objected as strongly to to importation to Western Aus- tralia as they did to transportation to Diemcn's Land, and very justly so, because the position of Western Australia with regard to the eastern colonies had changed Aery tetlally during tho last eleven years T Avits fréquent communication between polls of Western Australiu and the caí colonies, mid it AYBB irnposublo hut CODA lets would find their AAay hero remembered coming from Albany on on casion The tteamer had been nhaut dajsatEea A\henit was founl that tw ihice couAicts Avero on board, ami if happened va the case of a steamship, much more likely was it to aneo In the of tho small vessels Avhich Avere const trading betAveen Western Austialm one caftern colonies? He trusted the io strance, the adoption of which ho now Tofed, would havo tho effect of in kemi Duke of NeAvcastlo to carry out hin fir: hnlions Avith rigard to transportation to Western Australin." In the Assembly, the only opposition offered to tho adoption of these resolu- tions came from Mr. O'shanassy, wb.o3o solo objection, however, was that they Avere not sufficiently determined in tone. His view of tho subject was not pressed to a division, and an address, based on the resolutions, Avili be forwarded to tile Colonial Secretary by tho outgoing mail. The formation of the Murray River Bnilway northwards of Sandhurst is pro- gressing so rapidly that the line AvilL bo opened for traffic as far as Kochester -within fifteen miles of the Mur- ray-in about three months ; and almost to tho banks of the river by the commencement of the next AVOOI season. A difficulty is likely to occur with, the New South Wales Government on the subject of the border duties, and it will be aggravated by this event. The trade of the Hiverino province now passes almost exclusively through Melbourne. Tlio completion of ' the railway will secure to this port the little that passes it now ; and Victoria is na- turally indisposed to hamper her trade by the imposition of duties not re- cognized by her own tariff, and to be levied on goods just as they cross the northern border of this colony. We are likely to urge in vain the assimilation of the tariffs-tho free-trade policy of Victoria being regarded Avith less favour in Kew South Wales ; and oin neighbour will no doubt be left to collect her OAvn dues by the establishment of a line of custom-houses along the northern shore of the Murray, Avhich Avili cost moro to maintain than the duties they will collect will cover. His Excellency the Governor has visited Castlemaine, Sandhurst, and Kyneton during the month, aud has been extremely Avell received. The Avar in Now Zealand approaches its termination. The tactics of General Cameron compelled tho rebels to abandon their great fortifications at Paterangi. FolloAving them by a night march, lie surprised them, at To ÂAvamutu, and again at Kihi-Kihi -the country of ReAvi, the groat en- gineering chief of the Ngatiinaniapotos. General Cameron now occupies the cul- tivated grounds of that tribe, which are the largest and best hitherto possessed by the Maories. The soldiers are now preparing for winter-quarters, and have possession of tho stores of potatoes and com, and herds of cattle, on which the rebels mainly depended for subsistence. The rebels have now taken to the swamps and mountain fastnesses, and may protract the war for a time, but their final submission, without much further bloodshed, is expected. Before the adjournment of Parliament foi tho Easter recess, Mr. Sullivan laid on tht table his bill for tho better regulation aud management of tho affairs of the gold-fielis It is a most comprehensive measuro, contain- ing five parts, 311 clauses, and thirty-foui schedules. The schedules embrace a codifica tlon of the mining bye laws ; tho regulations issued by the Mining department on everj branch of mining ; and the steps to be taker by the miner under every conceivable phast of mining questions. Its most novel propo sillons are tho:o which deal with tha vexed quo3tion3 of mining on private property, anc the settlement of the many and complicitec difficulties as to boundaries that have nrisei on Ballarat under the local airangáment ex ioting there under the name of the "frontaj system." Tho Minister of Mines proposes tha wheie a lead of gold is traced up to privat prororly, the owner of the land will ba en titled to make terms with the miners,by whicl the lead may bo followed into his property but where Buch arrangements, satisfactory ti Loth rarties, are not entered into by th owner, the persous desiring to mino on privat property may bring the owner, by summons before the Court of Mines. The judge AVÍI have the power, with the assistance of tw asscssorp, to value the d amago tho minor would occasion, and then to authoriz their entry on the coveted land. Th Minister thus abandons the right of th Crown to the gold in the soil of alienatoi land. Some legislation on tho subject is absolutely necessary, but an opinion is widely held that in a colony Avhero it is impossible to say absolutely that any land ÍB non auriferous, it would be better to depart frjm the right of the Crown to the gold, as regards land already in tho possession of private owners, and to sell land hereafter, Avith all tile minerals it may contain, for the highest price that can he obtained in open auction. This vieAv Avili probably bo put forward on the second reading of the bill. Tho Minister's second proposition-to meet tho frontage question difficulties-is the creation of a new tribunal, to bo called the Boundaries. Court, which shall dial with the equities of all cases of ftontage titles. That court would be com- posed of a judge of the Supreme Court, a banister, audajudgoof the Court of Mines; itAYOuld have plenary powers, and its deci- sions Avould bo final, the Mining department being required to issue leases in accordance with the Court's decisions. The plan is perhaps one of the best that could be de vsicd, but it is open to many and Berious objections. Mr. Sullivan did not put forward bia plan of Avatcr supply at tho same time, and it is improbable that Parliament will now deal Avith that large subject this ses- sion. The Industrial Schools Bill (passed by the Council) Avas read a Bccond timo in the As- sembly beforo tho adjournment. Tho Heal Property Act Amendment and Consolidation Bill has been passed by the Assembly. This bill places the reul property of intestates on tho same footing as personal propertj', aud so fur abrogates tho Liwof primogeniture. Tho Laws Consolidation Bills have also been 1 assed. but the commencement of theil- opera- tion has been pobtponod till tho 1st of January next, in deference to tho wishes of tho Legislativo Council. A bill to create a paid foice has been brought in, aud a mea Eiuc to impose Avhai'fugo rates and port dues hw- lieen read a first time. AddreBFes of congratulation to lier Majesty on the birth of a son to the Prince aud Princess of Wales, from both Houses of Par- liament, go homo by the mail. Mr. W. T. Mollison has departed for Eag land, on a visit, aud has placed tho resigna- tion of his seat in tim hands of a friend, to bo used if tho constituency of Duuda3 and Fol- lett, whom ho has long aud ably represented, desiro it. Dr. Mackay hal resigned bia seit for North Gipps Land, and a new writ has beinksucd. A contest for tho representation of the Southern Provinco (in room of tho lato II m. Donald Kennedy) in the Legislativo Council is proceeding, the cindidates balng Mr. Wil- liam Taylor, of Keilor, and Mr. John Mac- kenzie'. They aro both old and well-known colonists. Mr. H. S. Chapman, who hold a temporary appointment as judge during the abiunce in England of his llonour Sir lîedmond B irry, andAvho formerly hold a similar ofllco in Now Zealand, has accepted a judgcBhip in that colony, and leaves Melbourne immediately. This appointment vacates the law lectureship in tho University, for which Mr. Dobäou and Mr. Moore, both well-known mombers of tho colonial bar, are candidates. Tlio fourth annual exhibition of the workj of Victorian artists has been opon during the mouth. Upwards of 1G0 works are exhl , M ted. The principal ' cantributionp, as usual, are from tho easeh of M. Y. Guerard and M. Chevalier ; and Mr. Summers, aud his pupil, Miss Thomas, are the only exhibitors in the dtpartment of sculpture. Some of-the less Jtnown artists sont in creditable works, and tho exhibition, as a whole, offers pleasing proof that the cultivation of the fine arts is not altogether neglected. While on this sub- ject, we may stata that a prize of £2C0 is eflered by Government for the best painting by a local artist, to b3 added to the Public Galleiy of Ait now commenced. A tribute, all the moro graceful because siontantously offered and unostentatiously lerfoimed, haB juBt been paid to the memory of the late Mr. Whitty (well-known as tho author of " The Lounger in Pnrliament " and "The Bohemians,") by Mr. Barry Sullivan. That gentleman has caused to bo erected ovor tho giava of the departed journalist, in the Kew Ce'metery, a handsome obelisk of white marble, upwards of twelve feet high, and btaring a brief aud suitable iuBcriptiou. It bad been proposed by a few gentlemen in this city to plucebomo memorial above the rcsting pluce of Mr. Wbitty's remains, to mark the tpot and to record the high estimation in which be was held by thoso who admired the author t>nd loved the mau. This intention, however, haa been forestalled by the pronipe liberality of Mr. Sullivan, who haB expanded ahundiid guineas in the erection of a monu- ment, whicn attestB the h!gh esteem felt for a deserving man of letters by a gentleman who has achieved eminence in the siator art to which he is attached. The Pbilhainionlc Society's first concert for the sea: on took place on Tuesday night, with narked success, in the Exhibition Building, liostini's '. Stub.it Mater" aud Spohr's "last Judgement " were performed. A series of lectures is about to bo given in Melbourr.0, for the purpose of creating a fund to form a Sbakspcarian scholarship in the Univeibity, in honour of tho ter-centenary of Shukspearu's birth. Amongst the new industries lately intro- duced is tbo manufacture of cigars. In ono establishment alone-that of Messrs. Politz and Co.-50,000 cigars ate made, and half a ton of tobacco is used every week, imported Aineiican, Havannah, and Cubau leaf being used as occasion requires. Tho boxes aro made of colonial cedar, the labels are printed here, »nd colonial industry is everywhere employed. Colonial tobucco is not yet used, becuuse it is held to be too now. Fifty tons of it, grown at Mr. Polity's farm at Dando noi'g, and at Bendigo and Gipps Land, aro lying seasoning in tua stole, but will not be touched till the close of the present year, The manufacture of tin has abo been com- menced at the Ovens, whero black sand abounds. Much of the ore obtained baa hitherto been sent to Cornwall. The first cargo of coal brought from STow castlo by steam haB reached this port, the new steamer Banvon having beou chartoied for this trade. Tim recent and numerous anivals of new steam vessels in this port have ntcessitated fresh openings for trade) beiuj Bought. The Barwon is the pioneer in s traae which must become important ; and tho Souchays has commenced to run betwoei Auckland and Melbourne. At no time for some years past have build- ing operations been more extensively carr ¡et on than is now tho case in this city. Nev store», shops, houses, &c;, are springing up or every baud. Tho marino survey Í3 progressing, tin steam-sloop Victoiia' having beon placed ai the seivice of Commander Cox for that sor vico. The coast haB lately beon examinee from the lleads to Cape ¡Schanck. Severa pyramidal rocks have been discovered nea the Lightning rock, in the eutranco to th Hcaás. None of them, however, are in th fairway, and the loast water found over thou was five fathoms, Samples of coal from tbo Cupe Patersoi coal-lie-ld have been analyzed iu tue geológica department. The official report is favoui ablo ; and it is vastly to be regretted-seeinj the very large trade in this article now carriei on with New South Wales-that capital i not employed iu developing this local field Tho want of a tianiwuy, BOUIO fourteen mile long, and a ship|/ing-placo in the deep am sheltered waters of Western Pott Bay, aro th great drawbacks, If the former wero con Btructecl by a coal-miuing company, the lattui there is no doubt, would b3 supplied by vot of Parliament. Some excitement Avas occasioned a foAV days ago by a Btiange steamer being leported fruin Uipo Otway, which rufuued to exchange signals, and which AVOS in sight for the beifc part ot tbreo days. She was bupposeel to be i lie Alabama, hut proved to bu tho Aimenian, from Auckland to Calcutta, which deficient Etcnm povtci and a head wind had detained in Hie neighbourhood of Cape Otway. A well-known personage-an active out- sider in popular politics-named McCrae, has been brought before the City Bench on a charge of book-stealing. His operations seem to have been carried out for years. It was his habit to frequent the bookshop, reading their for hours together, and, it would seem, watching an opportunity to pilfer. When the detectives visited his cottago, some 3,000 or 4,000 volumes were found, packed in thir- teen boxes, nearly all of which are supposed to be stolen. McCrae had some £700 to his credit in one of the banks, and has been com- pelled to deposit £500 as security for his ap- pearance to answer the charge. Severe floods have been experienced in New South Wales and Queenland. The steamship Royal Standard passed through Port Philip Heads on Monday morn ing on her voyage to Liverpool. She has a large cargo and a fair number of passengers. The Bombay delivered the January mails on the morning of the 12th inst., within a few hours of the contract time. THE GOLD FIELDS At this season wo must expect things to bo ! rather dull on the gold fields but tho summer is passing over Avithout any such gonoral com plaints of the want of employment as there haAe been in former years It is only in limited portions of a few districts that tho miners are unable to extract the gold from the wasbdirt cs they raise it from thoir claims or that the crushing mills aro at a standstill for want of water Avhilo it baa oft n happened that for months together tho miners could not realize anything eithei nora alluvial or quailz claims except in the moot favoured spots and so tho end of tho summer has not unusuallj found the moro ira provident or unfoitunate of tho miners either faring very badly oi hoavily in debt to tho stoickeepers ovon though holders of c1 íms containing plenty of gold Ibis year howcAti we hear little or nothing of tho stacking of washdirt ngunst tho winter except in two or threo places Avhich huvo been taken up during tho Bummer so tho Dimer has been realising the proceeds of his labour as bo went along and it there have been no laifao rushes of lute or no rich dis coAorie« to cítate a genual excitement mid mt ko the fortuues of a few neither is there tlie amount of indebtedness usual at this seaBOU nor is there any Avant of availablo giouud from which a living can bo made until something better turns up This is no doubt in a great mensuro attributable to the unusual amount of rain Avhich has fallen, and to the equal distribution of this through tho last twcl\c months but tho ttcady increnso in tho numbai of com panics and largo co operativo parties at work lins much to do willi it and ouch year tho unroitunato diceer fiuds it cubicr to got emploj mont at good wages until ho can sturt on his ov\n nccount «gain with a hotter chance of success 1 ins system of mining in largo parties or on extended claims or lease holdB has been steadily, or MU might even saj lapidly taming ground notwithstanding tho difficulties encountered from tho very do fecÜAe lawB in forco for the management of tim gold fields and if the proposed amend mont in theto bo cm ned this Eession, of which there is almost a coitamtj a A Bt stimulus AVIII bo ghen to tho formation of such companies and tho working of larc,o aieas of cronud on which the una sislud niinir eau do nothiug Tho settlement of tho now most unsatisfactory question us to tho tic,ht to mino for gold on lnvate pioperty Avili alono ha tlosigualfor the lUAestnicnt of a considérai lu amount of cipilal in thiB puioiiit cspeci- illi as such cn tirprieos are fast coming into favour nguri uncí the lcrnovnlof immy of the present re strictionb and uncertainties and of doubts as to the liabilities of shareholders will tend materially towards the samo end The only fear is that what is now hgitimato invest mint in lona fide i\m\ profitable undertakings may ac,nin a«Bumo the character of rash spacu lation, but the ECACIO lessons so lately learned on this subject havo not baon forgotten and for a long time to come gold field companies must have something really gouuine about them to recommend them to tho publie 1 ho WoodsPoInt reefs aro still the great centre of attraction and BOA eral now veins of stone have boen discovered in tho mountains around, but tho difficulties of getting up machinery arc so great that it will be long before many of these are tested The iow machines on the ground are of course kept fully occupied and the yields vary asbeforo, fiom three or four up to foi ty or fifty ounces to the ton and oven more occasionally in the case of small parcels of picked stone brought some distance on pack hor.e« One lot of thirty six ten« an ordinary crushing from a claim on the Morning Star Beef, lat ly pro- duced 1 58107 and there have been othors equally fcood No reefs in any of the other districts can at all comparo with these and several which ajear or two ago wera yielding mo3t largely have since been worked down to tbo water level and aro now yielding little or nothing except from inferior stone which was passed by as um)oithy of notice while the better veins were within rea°h Whether ti o rush tlnthor will be a persistent BUCCS», or only turn out a brilliant episode in the histcry of mining discovery remains to bo seen lu another column wo glvo a waif from tho conflicting opiuions that have been floating about the atmoyhoro of speculation from the first thus at Ingle wood, where the obtaining of thousands of ounces from hundreds, of totiB had BO often tobe chronicled now buch yields as 481oz. from 456 tonn and 119oz from tivty tous are thought wort! y of Bpecml mention the treat bulk of tho stone crushed only yielding u few pennyweights to the ton while many of the once rich claims have b en abandoned thus l'oveity Beef at Tarnagulla BO frequently noted for producing monster cakes ot gild, 1 as now been worked down to the water li,vol, and nothing more can ha done until a powerful pumping engine has been erected on the lower part of it lho causo of chums on such reefs being aban- doned when this point is reached is, not that fears ure entertained of tbo stone becoming too poor to pay at groatcr depths, but on account of the difficulty of comptlhng each di lien nt party benditi (I to boara fan piopcition of the expenso nicurrod So fir bom the rcofs bt corni ne, poor at the molcrato depth at which water is reached it is generally found that tho stono improves again b low this level in such at least as have b en drained and so proved 'lho Tarrangower district is i (,aiit gi viug Bomo } iel lb worthy of the lormer famo of its rcefe rich veins of stone having been struck within the last low weeks on the line of two of these A lotof ninety eight tons from a claim ontheNug getty Reef iioducod 528o¿, and Eomj of the Etone since crushed from tho same veiu has biv en a higher average In another claim, on the Fame reef a landslip accidentally dis covered the existence of u still richer vein beyond agranite bar which waa supposed tt> bound the aunferous formation on that side, and on Wilson s Bec f a vein has beeu opoiud which is j ielding from eight to ten ounces to tho ton lho jiild from tho Bendifeo reefs is btcadily maintained and in the Castle maine distiict tho best îeturns are now ob tamed from the reefs near tho Coliban in which part of tho dibtrlct alluvial workings have alto e*tended very much of late During ono fortnight the Port Philip Conipiny at GluncB crubhed 1 705 tons of bton» with a yield of 710r<! lOdwt, and durlns the other fortnight 1095 tous with a yield of G52o/ 13dwt-a falling off which shows in this asm other instaucesi that large quantities of stone cannot bo taken from aoy quartz minc, v) hate ver the depth reached maybe without a marked depreciation m the quality Ot the Ballarat companies, the Koli i Noor is the only ono which has had vory large dividends lately and that was ablo to piy £126 per share ono fortnight aud £110 per slinro tim otlcr Tho Great Lxtended paid £32 oud £30 per share for tho two periods uspectiv ely «ntl the Cosmopolitan Company £22 aud £12 I er shore borne of the Diylesford companlos aie at present paying bettor than these lait, and mining mutters are m a veiy healthy state in that part of tho district I hore is a ippoit of a largo nugget having been found at Bay wood but the two largest introduced to tbo public duiing the month weie oneof forty ounces found mar Talbot and another of (orly one ounces found m the Castlemaine district A&lUGULlUl;íl ïhe late rapid riso m tho prices of A\ heat and flour proAes hut too plañir that tho deficiency in the crops hore and m Now South M ales was notoAcr estimatod If immediately after the ingathonng of tho beat harvest the South Australian farmers havo ever had thoy eau senrcilj Biipply the demand upon thom, the need of their neighbours must bo great, and it is to be remembered thnt si culatiou lins little to do Avith this demand for it is A cry well knoAvn that large supplies will bo foi warded both from G-difomia, and ). alpa raiso as Eoon as intimation of the ud vaneo hero reaches tho3o placeB or orders can be received "We know that California h6B a largo surplus of breadstufis, Avithout | any other exctpt very limited markets opon to her at present prices and tho last accounts from South Amenca saj that tho harvest was unusually good and that there Avould there- fore be Avheat and flour foi export again so Epeculators boro have but a short period to» A\ork in with snfety before thoro must almost of necessity bu a declining market HLUII Some feAvpcoilo Fay tho deficiency in New South Wales ia 60 great that that colony wilL uquiro all tho surplus from California for hor own use and that tho niostraud importation at all prolablo from this quarter Avili scarcely bung down pi ici s again but this is surely OAci estimating the deficiency aud under rating the capabilities of our Blstor gold region in au agricultural Avaj leaving out of the qucBtion at tho same timo Avhat is likely to bo forwarded from South Ameno» The principal danger appears to bo that the rapid uso within tho last feiv weeks will bo tho cause of our mai leets boing swamped with foreign bieadstulls as they too oft n have been before and that thoso of our farmers who have Avbeat to bell will bo inclined to hold it too long and so loso the benefit of the bii-h prices while theso last And in deed thcEe aro Avanted to tldo Aeiy many of thom over their difficulties for such a bad. EonEon they have never had hefoie Liases have been hcaA) from drought but never eqnal to A\hat they havo Bullored this year from tho heavy rains Hoods and IUBI , Btill tht y aro bettor oil than the farmers in some districts of New ¡south W iles, A\hero thcEe last evils havo followed tAvo pre vious failures boin drought and othei causes, BO that no cro|B worthy of tho narnu haAo been gathered for three years in suce SBÍOU , und tliopo tniftiug entirely to the plough aro now without food for thcirfamilios to eat A letllion has been forwarded to Government lioin a part of tho Geelong district asking for ai-sibt ance to provide seed nguhiBt next year but although many of the sniill farmeis «ill doubtless ho very much hampered for tho time and some will be unable to struggle on at all ttill no actual distress is to be toared loitunatelj oats were widely sown and theso aie likely to improve again in value bi fore long as little mai/o is to bo expected from NcA^ South Wales after tho repouted floods bj A\hich that colony his been visited. Hie Aveather heio is now verj favourable for agricultural operations but on the whole, scarcely so A\ arm as mifcht bo wished for tho llpemug of tho grapes und other late fruits 'Ino time for tho vintago is now at hand but tho grapes tathered Avili not amount to a third ot a crop mid Beveral kinds havo f ulod altogether M o aro now in tho midst of tho autumn shows anel good samples of gram li RAO been exhibited at some of those held up tho country notwithstanding the deficiencies of the seuson Hie hoaviest w boat of which wo have jet had any account woighinj 081b to the bushel was at a BIIOW in tho Loddon district whilo tho Adelnde pruo Avheut this j ear Aielghed 081b Ho/ ond it 1B scarcely to bo hoped that A ictori m giown wheats will take tile prizes at tho Port lhilip Society s Grain Show to be held next week Hoots and other Buch pro duce aio particularly fine but in BO far as ltMirdü cattle food this is a muttor of co m pa íaÜAcij little consequence when grass is BO Uiuch more abundant than it was ever known to be btforo ut thiB timo of tho your Tho stock ¡J of courBe in fine condition and ploiro pneumonia allhetigh spreading steadily in all directions does not appear to bj ragiug vio hntly an j whore-in this colony at least-jUBt at present this temporary lull in the vlru leuce of thodiseaso woull Bocm to favoui the oplnior s of thoso Avho hold that it will gra dually exhaust itself and die out but for tho fact that buch has bean tho case In all eoun tiies AAhereithas licon-o established owing apiarentlj to tho hither st ita of health and couEequeutlj greater power to resist conta cjoUB elihCHbis which animals ha\o at BOUIO leuoda than il othern ihcoo pjriods of mildness and rebt an hoftoier nlwajs Bil" cccdcd bj times of Avenkne min the cittlu und compnrallAo ptrength in 'ho diieaso again, uud i leuro j neumonía in particular lias cala hlished 1er itself the character of being estw elnlly fluetu itmc, aud troachciouä in this reupcct so it is far too iron to congratnUto ourseH es on haA ing Been tho worst of a visita-« tion likely to cause serious losses, for many a year to come. NEW ZEALAND WAR. We are glad to inform our English readers that, though operations will he continued during the Avinter, the Avar in the Northern Island of New Zealand, between the combined native tribes and the Imperial Government, may be regarded as nearly over, little moro than time being required to consolidate the successes which our troops have so hardly earned. Our last month's account told of the heavy native fortifications at Piko Piko and other strong positions in that line of country before whioh the Queen's troops were en. camped. Our summary had scarcely loft us a week when the following telegram reached us: " The Waikato war may bo regarded as nearly over. Piko Piko aud Banptitea have been abandoned. On the morning of the 22ud Ptbruaiy 700 Maories from Patorangl reached General Cann ron's front, and com meixed erecting a redoubt. They were im- mediately attacked by the 50th Begimont. The Maories fled towards Maungatannie. Our troops only lost two killed. Colonel Nixon, Lieutenants Doulton and Pagan, and eleven privates were wounded. Sinca the fight the Maories have sued for peace." It seems there were two " affairs" with the Maories-the first on Sunday, the 21st Feb- ruary ; the second on the following day. At tho first, three were killed and four wounded. Among the latter was Colonel Nixon, who was shot dangoronsly through the lungs. Twelve rebels were killed and thirty-threo prisoners taken, twelve of whom wero men. Monday's affair was very interesting. The MaoiieB, having i allied, managed during the night to cast up a position over- looking Ranglaohia, which they fenced in, and began to fortify. General Cameron having no intention of allowing the blow ho struck the day before to be quietly recovered from, had made his preparations, and, after reconnoitering, ordered tho troops, who had been concealed behind tho crest of the hill, to Tetire to the hood-quarters at Te Awamutu, the 70th alone remaining. After the lapso of about sn hour the bugles sounded to arms, «nd word was passed that the picket on the hill was in danger of an attack, and that the head-quarters wero to be assaulted. A de- tachment of the 50th, the 65th, and the forest Bangers, Avith two six-pounder guns, waB despatched towards Bangia Wflhia, and on the line of route was joined by the 70th. On gaining the summit of the hill the troops were fired at from an acacia grove by the rtbels. The cavalry and in- fantry pushed fmward under a heavy fire, and the rebels fell back on their reinforcements. They wore dislodgtd by two splendid charges. During a smart skirmish the place took hrc, and seven Maories were burned to death. The dead bodies of two soldiers wero found there burned. Others had evidently been shot, as if attempting to escapo. The Maories left all their stores at Piko Piko, and Sir Henry Havelock has taken possession of thom. Havelock says that the pa at Paterangi is of immense strength, and if well manned could not by any possibility have been carried by assault. Thero is no certainty as to the number "of Maories killed, but there must have been at least about forty to fifty in both aclione. The special correspond- ent of The Argus writes, - " The charge of the 50th was the feature of the day. Their tramp through tho fern like a moving wall, and their thrilling oheers as thoy rushed on Avith bayonets down, will ever live in the memory of all who wero preBent. Geno lal Cameron, who has witnessed many charges and many fights, was greatly pleased with their display. ' You have done well, my men,' he said, as the regiment halted. ' You have shown yourself the fighting 50th, in- deed. I am proud to have you with mo in tho field.' " By the Claudo Hamilton, which brought us news to March 2, we learned that the Maoiies deprived of their fortifications had taken to the hills after a Blight and unsuc- cessful attack u|!on the Queen's troops, 150 natives bad laid down their arms, and, which was equally'good news, Colonel Nixon was rccoveiing. The General had formed tho design of establishing military posts across tho island from Kawhia to Tauranga, and erecting a redoubt at Kihi Kihi, 1,000 men being left in winter quarters at Rangiawah'a. The friendly natives, too, wera at work, and drove back a portion of the Ngtiporow tribe, who attempted to cross from the east coast to join the îebel ranks. The Bpecial corre- spondent of tho Sydney Horning Herald wrote,-"Tho country round Raogiawahia is a perfect garden. Largo numbers of .cattle and horses were being Beoured for the om missariat. The General's plan for the winter is to station his regiments, of which ho has now parts of five, at different points across the country, constructing strong redoubts, and from these points continually harassing tho Maories until he drivcB them to their mountain fastnesses, where they will starve, and must surrender." Our latest dates from the fsoat of war aro Auckland, March 9; Taranaki, Cth; Wel- lington, 10th ; and Nelson, 12th. Since the 2nd the Silver Eagle had arrived at Auckland with eighteen officers, three chaplains, and 320 men of the 43rd and 08th Regiments. There was an absence of war news, General Cameron and his Staff being in Auckland, with Colonel Waddy left in charge of the camp at head-quarters, where tho troops wore busy gettingready forwinterquarters. Frominquiry it wasltarned that the killed and wounded Maoiies in the late affair were strangers io those already prisoners, and it transpired that the cunning Ngatimaniopotos had rua away, leaving tho new arrivals to bear the brunt of the contest. Colonel Nixon was stated to bo fast recovering from his wounds. The military telegraph to liangitriri had beoa completed. Bishop Selwyn had left the camp, having had differences with the General, who refused to allow him to go about the enemy's camp to try and patch up a truco, whioh latter ho urged should bo made, and peace declared on any terms ; there having, in his opinion, been enough Maories killed. Some alarm was created by tbo rumour that the Koheroa steamer had struck on a snag in the Waipa River, and gono down ; but the fact turned out to be that aho had grounded and sprung ono of her plates. The reBult of the above successes has boen that the Maories have been driven off the voiy country Avhich previously afforded thom sup- plies. A correspondent, writing on March 8, says,-" The Maories are constantly trying to sneak back, in Email parties, to secure provi- sions. To prevent this, the General is securing tho countiy by posts of advanced parties. Olio of these redoubts was erected at To Awa- mutu as soon as that place was occupied. Others aro now completed at Kihi Kihi and Ranglawhia-each about three miles distant from the other. Others aro to bo procoeded with, till tho wholo plain is secured, so that no Maori can get a dinner of potatoes. Probably some more fighting will take place crj this is . accomplished, as a body of the natives are en- camped near Manugatautari, a ridge hound- ing the fertile plain ou the side next Ilotatlu Biver, or Waikato proper, and, as yet, aro getting their food from the side of the plain neareBt them. They will hold on as long as . possible, knowing that boyond this plain they nave nothing to tall back upon." Wo have to add to the abovo a few items of news received from somewhat irregular sources. We thus learn that General Cameron bas decided to try tho effect of artillery ou tho Maories' redoubt at Maungatautari, and has despatched a battery of Armstrong guns to the front. Tho Maoiies have two now positions, east and south of Kihi Kihi. A detachment of troops, under Colonel Carey, bas been despatched to Makotu, whero tho Maories aro fighting against the east coast natives. It is also with great regret that we hoar of tbo military settlers, so freely supplied by Victoria, which yet could not help regrotting the loss of Buch valuable colonists. They havo, it seems, received very bad treatment, nome ming almost destitute of clothing. Under Euch circumstances, it is no wonder that de- sertions are hourly occurring. Wo believe that it ia tho opinion of General Cameron that thero will not bo any active operations for fivo or six vvcokB to como ; and tA-euthen he will bo surprised if anything *'startling" happens. Tho Maories, bethinks, ore much too scattered to mike any great stand again, and if they do build any strong pus he will not attack them, but content him- self with turning their position, ACCLIMATISATION. The Acclimatisation Society of Victoria continues its work of usefulness. Tho monthly soiieíes, initiated at the com- mencement of tbo year, for the inter- change of sentiment on matters pertain- ing to acclimatisation, aro operating bene- ficially. Valuablo papers have beon road, animated discussions have taken placo, and thuB a great amount of profitable information Las been disseminated. To these meetings every member of the society has the privllego of introducing two friends. During tho pro sent month the council of the society havo been dealing with the questions forwardod by the Imperial Government, at the Instance of the Acclimatisation Society of Great Britain, to His Excellency the Governor, as to the ani- mals and vegetables of Victoria which merit attention, with a view to their acclimatisa- tion in Great Britain or any of its dependen- cies, and as to the animals and vegetables of other regions tho introduction of which to the colony might be bénéficiai. Full answers have been given to these questions, and they AVIU go home by this mad. The council havo also made a strong representa- tion to the colonial Government as to the advisability of the state affording some aid to Mr. Duffield, in hia enterprise to bung alpacas hither from Bolivia. One shipment of alpacas has already been made under Mr, Diifheld's auspices ; but, owing to the neglect of those who had charge of thom, an adverse passage, and other untoward circumstances, only o-ie lamb of the whole Hock is now alive. Under the concessions which Mr. Duffield still holds from the Bolivian Government, he is ia a posi- tion to import a further number of alpacas ; and the question is, whether Victoda will offer sufficient inducements for the animals to bo brought here. There can be little doubt that this colony is well suited for the alpaca, seeing that the nock of cross-bredB belonging to the Acclimatisation Society has increased in a few years from nineteen to fifty- four, and is now in the best possible condition. The Go- vernment have not yet intimated what en- couragement they are disposed to give, but it is to be hoped that they will not exhibit a grudging spirit in the matter. Another sub- ject which has engaged the attention of the council of our Acclimatisation Society is a dog show, which will be held in the Ex- hibition-building on the 7th and 8th of April. The schedule has been framed so as to em- brace almost every variety of dog. There will be as many as twenty-eight classeí, or divisions of classes, and the successful competitor in each will receive a prize of two sovereigns, or a silver medal. Dog fanciers are plentiful in Victoria, and this fact, coupled with the novelty of the affair, AVÜI no doubt render the exhibition highly successful. The last, but far from least important, matter in connexion with acclimatisation which we have to men- tion is tho most recent effort to introduce the salmon to Australian waters. The intel- ligence brought by tkeBombiy of the de- spatch by Mr. J. A. Youl, in January, by ono of tho Messrs. Mmey Wigram's fast-sailing clippers, of 181 boxes of salmon ova, was re- ceived Arith the greatest satisfaction, parti- cularly by the ownors of cultivated palates. The safe arrival of the precious consignment is looked forward to with much anxiety. The Norfolk is expectedatMolbourneearly in April. It is proposed that as soon as sha reaches Hobson's Bay the valuable freight Bhall ha tronsferred to the colonial steam- sloop Vic- toria, and at once be conveyed to Tasmania, whero all necessary arrangements have bien made for its deposition in the Biver Plenty. VOLUNTEER ENCAMPMENT. A general encampment of the Victorian volunteers will be held during the ensuing Easter holidays. This Avili be tho fourth en- campment since the original establishment of the force, and the first since its re-organisa- tion, in October last. Two of tho previous encampments wero on the Werribee, and the third was in the neighbourhood of Geelong ; this year a new site has been selected, but ono which, apparently, will be as advantageous as either of the former. It is in the valley of Jackson's Creek, near the Sunbury station, on the Melbourne and Sandhurst Railway, about twenty-four miles from the metropolis. The encampment will commence this even- ing at sunset, and will extend over the following six days, Ia order to enable as many volunteers as possible to attend, it has been ananged that corps may join the camp either on the first day, on Saturday, or on Monday, and may leave as early as Tuesday. From the returns which have been furnished to the Volunteer-office, it appears that .the whole of the thirty corps of which the foice consists will be represented. The number of men expected to entor the camp on the first day is about 913, on Saturday 1,107, and on Monday 470, making a grosB total of 2,490. The actual strength of the force is about 3,300, so that a A'ery large propoit'on will take part in the encampment. The number, in fact, is larger than the number present at any previous encampment. The proceedings on the second day of the encampment, being Good Friday, Avili be con- fined to necessary camp duties, parades for Divine service, and a parade for marching out. Tho same rule will bo observed on Sunday. The whole of Saturday will ba devoted to drill instruction and camp duties. On Monday drill instruction will bo carried on early in the morning, and a general review of the coips will take place in tha afternoon. Tuesday and Wednesday will be occupied in instruction drill and field movements : and the duticB of the corps will finally terminate on the latter day. Brigadier-General Chute, Commander of Her Majesty's Forces ia the Australian Colonies, will go into camp on Friday, and remain until tho encampment ia broken up. BÍB Excellency the Governor will revieAV the corps ; and all the volunteers who attend the encampment are expected to be present at the review. Cheap tiains will run to Sunbury from Melbourne and the principal provincial towns during the encampment, and it is expected that there will be several thousands of spec- tators at the review. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. The returns of the Immigration depart- ment for the month of February have been published. The arrivals, at all ports of the colony, numbered 3,201, of whom 3,190 landed at Melbourne, 3 at Geelong, and 8 at Port Albert. Tho departures numbered 2,846, of whom 2,818 sailed from Melbourne, 20 from Geelong, and 1 from Port Albert. Tho balance of immigration over emigration waB 350. Of the arrivals 2,287 wero adult males, 601 adult females, and 178 male and 146 female children. Of the departures 1,232 were adult males, 708 adult females, and 440 male and 459 female children. The intercolonial migration Avas agtfost the colony^ by 407. TkeBubjoincddigestof the re- turn gives a clear insight into the movements of the month : Now South Wales , South Australia , Tasmania .. Now Zealand Total neighbouring coló nica United Kingdom .. Foreign ports Total Deduct docroaao.. li 351 100 805 1222 Below wo givo the arrivals and departures for the first tAvo months of tho yoar, as com- pared with thoso for 1863 : January .. February.. 2 705 2,0B0 6,005 partod. 6,009 5,712 10,721 I Do parted. 3,053 2,54 5 3,201 2,845 0,264 | 5,300 RAILWAY TBAFFIO. The returns of the Vlotorian Railways con- tinue to show a very Eatisfactory rate of in- crease in the business done and the revenue received, evidently tho result of tho traffic of the country gradually finding its way to the most available channel. Tho total receipts for February of the present year aro £12,932 13°. 7d., OB against £88,43215s. öd. for the same month of last year. Since tho beginning of tho year the receipts havo amounted to £00,182 Os, Od., ogainst £76,487 12s. 6d. taken in the same time in last year, the in- crease for the two months being £13,644 14s. Tho railway revenue for the year is in a fair way to yield a very large excess over its estimated figure. Tho particulars of tho month's receipts aro as folloAv :-On the Muiroy Rivet line, for 31,195 passengers, the amount taken was £7,965 3s. Od. ; for 13,875 tons of merchandise, besides horses, cattle, &c;, the recolpts were £17,707 11s. 91. ; on the Ballarat line,.for 17,075 passengers, £7,227 0«. Cd. was taken, and £7.678 15s. 7d. for goods and sundries ; and on the Williamstown line, the number of passengers was 20,460, amount taken £847 12s. 4d., and £1,507 Is. 8d. for ; merchandise. The total receipts on tho Mel- bourne Railway for the month were-for pas- senger traffic, £3,244 12s. 6d.; from other sources, including rents, £130 IOJ. Upon the Hobson's Bay and St. Kilda lines, the receipts for the four weeks ending the 25th of Febru- ary amounted to £5,58012s. 6d. THE PBOSPEOTS OF THE COMING VINTAGE. Amongst the items in the account of the losses sustained by the colony from tho un" seasonable weather in tho oarly part of De- cember last, one of the most important will bo the seriouB and universal inj ury done to the vine crop of the year. AB a result of the heavy and long-continued rains that occurred at that time, and the consequent sapor abundance of moisture in the soil and in the atmosphere, many diffeicnt kinds of disease made their appearance amongst the vines. The grapes were attacked by different kinds of rust and blight, und although some varieties suffered more sevenly than others, it seems by the general tenor of the accounts that feAV kinds have altogether escaped their ravages. The effect of this visitation has been to reduce very much the anticipations of the comirg vintage, and it appears likely that the winea produced this year will be very defi- cient both in quality and quantity. Accounts from all parts of the colony agree in stating that between the effects of the stormy wea- ther at blossoming time, and the subsequent influence of the excessive moisture upon the young grapes, the grape crop has suffered a most setious amount of damage. It appears that the kinds that have suffered tho most from the blight are the sweetwaters, muscat?, and frontignac^. At a vineyard planted largely with these vines, where thd yield estimated was 100 hogsheads, the antici- pations were reduced hy the later ap- pearances to half that quautity. In Bomo places the appearance of the vines ia described as being as though they had bBon scorched by fire. Besides the blight, the vines have boen this year in Eome places largely attacked by grubs and slugs, and Bomo of the varieties, such as Miller's burgundy and hermitage, which bave Buffered least from the blight have been the most subject to the depre- dations of these insectB. When it is considered that the planted vineyards of the colony amount to some 1,600 acres, and that the mduBtiy is altogether in its first stage, and consequently no Btock of old wines exists on band, the year's produce being consumed within the year, it wilt be Been that the injury done by the blight will fall very heavily upon what is getting to ho an important interest in the colony. Fiom the neighbouiiag colony of South Australia the accounts are much more favourable. The principal effect of the wet spring will, it appear?, be simply delaying the vintago two or three weeks later than ubual. The vines are spoken of as being, in many porte, in the most healthy and vigorous CJU dition, and literally loaded with fruit ; but in some places apprehensions are expressed that the crop being BO very late, unless the weather continue very dry and warm, it is questionable whether the lator kinds of grapes will ripen at all. On tho whole, however, the prospects of the vintage in South Australia aro decidedly hopeful. CRICKET. Our last communication with England on thiB subject was to the effect that the All England cricketers were playing their first match with twenty-two of Canterbury, N.Z. The match was won by the Eleven in one innings, the Bcorea being-Canterbury, first innings, 80 ; second innings, 105-total, 135. In their Bingle innings tbo All-England Eleven obtained 137, and thus gained the day. The local twenty-two was composed of Messrs. Wood, W. O. Wilson, Knyvett, A. L. Powys, J. B. Wilson, Sale, Dawe, Lance, E. C. J. Stevens, Tennant, Wills, Blackiston, Bennett, B. Powys, Mytton, Wills, J. W. Stevens, Par kerson, Turner, Dickenson, Taylor, and Mcore. Subsequently a match was played between two cluvenB, each of which compiisod an equal portion of English cricketers, and j the sceres were :-Parr's eleven, first innings, 04; second innings, 80; Anderson's devon, first innings, 71 ; second innings, 75 ; victory declaring for tho former. The All-England men then leturned to Otago, and played a local twenty-two, whom they beat, by scoring 108 in one innings, against 147 obtained by the twenty-two in two innings. Within a veiy few hours the Omeo stoamer sailed to Melbourne, with the English cricketers on board. A week's Bail brought our visitors back to Melbourne, and scarce two days had elapsoi be/ore they were engaged with a twenty-two of Castlemaine, the local team were made up of Messrs. Easton, Dow, Govett, Rogerson, T. Butterworth. Brooker, B. Anderson, Smith, Rogers, Bono, Makinson, Dolphin, J. Amos, B. Butterworth, T. F. Morris, Jemmett, Walines ley, Lewis, Bethell, Wilson, OraAvsbaw, and Felstead. In their first innings, they made 54, and in their second, 46-or a total of 100. In one innings the All-England men made 137, thus clearing off scores with the district, which was the only one in which H. H. Stephenson^ eleven suffered a defeat. The next match was on tho ground of tho Melbourne Cricket Club, between elevens in each of which were an equal number of English cricketers. Somo disappointment arose in the firct instance through a misun- derstanding with the Victorian professional players, who in the end did not play. The elevens were thus:-Parr's eleven-Parr, Crcsar, Tinley, Tarrant, Carpenter, Oaffyn, Marshall, V. Cameron, Kelly, Tatt, and M'Pherson, Their Ecore in the first innings was 153, of which Caffyn made 34, Parr 20, Tinley 24, and Carpenter 22; in the second innings 129, of which Caffyn made 40, and V. Cameron 20. Anderson's eleve a was composed of Anderson, Ghace, War dill, WiUs, Hayward, O'Brien, Lockyer, Clarke, Jackson, Simmonds, and Hopo. Ia their first Innings they scored 108, and in tho second 115, thuB winnins, with four wickets to spare. On this Bide the principal Boorers were-in the first innings, Lockyer 44, Clarke 40, and Grace 21 ; in the second innings. Anderson 38, and Lockyer another 40. This concluded their Bhoit visit to Mel- bourne, which they aro to revisit on their return from Sydnoy. After tho last-mentioned match, tho All England Eloven proceeded to Sydnoy, whore they were well received, and in a very short time commenced their first match with twenty-two of New South Wolea. Tho latter tram was composed of Messrs. Clarke, Knapp, Gilbert, E.Gregory Curtis Thompson, Lewis, J. Moore, D'Arcy, Gorman, Waddy, New- combe, Jones, Fowlis, W. Gregory, Hogan, Oatley, Kettle, Laurence, ¡¡G. Moore, Morris, and Boak. The twenty-two wmt in first, and scored 137, of whioh Thompson mado 2G, and Laurence 25. The Eleven next went to the vvickets, and only scored 128, of which JackEon made 29, Caffyn 25, and Hayward 21. For the firet time, the Englishmen lost an innings ; and the Sydnoy poople very freoly backed their team to win, giving odds. They soon changed their tone, lor on the Sydney men taking the field, sixteen wickets were put down for only thirty-four runs. At that time the rain, which had before fre- quently interfered with the progress of tho flame, carno d«wn in such torrents as toabio utely stop it. Four days have elapsed, but the weather haB forbidden cricket ; and to make matters worse, Parr is again seized with his old compluint, erysipelas in the head. Preparations are being mode for a grand international match at Holbourne, between the All-England Eleven and the best twenty two the colony caD furnish. Hitheito in Vic- toria the visitors have only played with local teams. THEATRICAL. The Theatro Royal has beon doing excel- lent business during the last month, but the principal novelty has been the engagement and first appearance in Australia of Miss Cleveland and Mr. Charles Vincent, who havo introduced tho new Eensatlon play of "Leah, the Forsaken," to a Melbourne audience. The piece ran for several nights, and was well re- ceived by full houses. MÍBS Cleveland has won well-merited commendation from critics and applauding audiences during her short stay in Melbourne, not only in Loah, but also as Lady Con«tanco, in " King John ;" Julia, in "The Hunchback;" Beatrice, in "Much Ado About Nothing;" Paulino, ia "The Lady of Lyons;" and Mrs. Holler, in "The Stranger." The next novelty that will bo presented at this theatre will bo "The Corsican Brothers," Mr. Barry Sullivan play- ing the brothers. At the Haymarket Theatre, Mr. and Mrs. Châties Kean (after their return from a bril- liantly-successful six nights' engagement at Ballal at) havo commenced their farewell preformances in Melbourne. They have played to good, and frequently great, houses In "King John," Mr. Kean as the King, and Mrs. Kean as Lady Constance;; "King Lear;" Mr. Kean as Lear, and Mrs. Kean as the Fool ; and last week not fewer than five of the best plays of Sbakf peate were produced, with Mr. and Mrs. Kean in thom all-"Hamlet" on Monday, "Othello" on Tuesday, "The Mer- chant of Venice" on Wednesday, "King Henry tho Eighth" on Thursday, and "Mac- beth" on Saturday ; while Friday night was filled up with- never produced in Melbourne till Mr. and Mrs. Kean brought it out-" The Wife's S.cret." On Monday evening ''Richard the Third" was played, Mr. Kean as Glo'ster, and Mrs. Kean as Queen Elizabeth. O a Saturday evenirig "The Stranger" is an- nounced, the two piinclpal characters by Mr. and Mrs. O. Kean ; and " The Oorsican Brothers" follows on Monday. SPORTING. The only racing evont worthy of special notice during the past month has been a very good and successful two days' meeting at Geelong, at which theie Aros an abundance of capital sport, good fields, and, consequently, well-contested races. The principal topic of conversation in me- tropolitan sporting circles has been the establishment of a third racing club, the lead- ing members of which guarantee to the Jockey and Turf 01ub3 relief from their responsibilities, on condition of their dissolu- tion. As the prospects of the old clubs were of the most uncheering Bort, thero can be little doubt but that theoo terms will be eagerly accepted. In fact, the neAV club in a great measure consists of the best men from each of the others, who havo now determined upon combined effort to maintain the character and prosperity of the turf in Victoria. Under this head it may be mentioned that the champion horse of Victoria, Mormon, by Preniitr, has carried off the eighth Champion Race, which was run at Wagga Wagga, in New South Wales, on Wednesday, March 16. COMMERCIAL. The Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navi- gation Company's mail steamship Bombay anchored in Hobson's Bay early on the morn- ing of tho 12th inst., and the English mails of the 26th January Avere in the hands ot the public in the afternoon of that day. The European news was looked upon as threat- ening to the peace of the world, the high rates nili tig for money in tho English market con- ducing to this view. No monetary change of any kind wns looked for here, nor did any take place until a few days ago, when the banks raised their rates of exchange on Eng- land, for Bixty dayB, to one per cent, premium, in anticipation of the despatch of the mail steamship Northam. The markets have been disturbed in the interim by the fluctuations which have taken place in breadstuffs, a rise of forty per cent, having been declared since the departure of the February mails. The out going steamer, the Northam, is appointed to sail on Saturday, tho 26th instant, at two p m. The holiday of Good Friday intervening, we publish in this morning's issue our usual monthly summary of the trado and com- merce of tho colony. There balbeen very little fluctuation in the yield of the gold-fields. The clearances for export during the week amount to 12,094oz., exclusive of those now making for the mail, making the total shipments since the com- mencement of the year 359,694oz, ; of which quantity 316,490oz. Avero the produce of Vic- torin, and 43,204oz. transhipments from New Zealand. The shipments made hence duiing the corresponding period of last year wore 858,001oz. of Victorian gold, and 61,952oz. of New Zealand gold, giving a total of 420,013oz. Tho bankB are buyers of gold at £3 lös, 3J. per ounce for standard, which, with the ex- port duty of Is. 6d. per onnce, brings the cost cn board ship to £3 17s. 9d. per ounco, exclu BÍA'B of charges. The following is a list of tho gold ships which have sailed hence since the 1st of Januaiy, with the quantities and the des- tinations stated separately : Pato of Sailing. Ship. Destination. Ounces. Essex Calllanco .. Moravian .. AVonga AVonga Agincourt.. Bombay .. Qroat Britain Dover Castle Rod Rover Bangatira .. AVonga AVonga Alexandra.. Kosciusko .. Lincolnshire AVonga AVonga Madras Glendower Alexandra.. Kent WavoofLifo Wonga AVonga Alexandra jouchays .. Royal Standard Bangatira .. Lady Ann .. Anglesey .. London .. London ., London ., , Sydnoy .. London .. Point do Gallo. Liverpool , London .. London .. . Sydnoy .. Sydney .. Sydnoy .. London .. London .. , Sydney .. Point do Gallo , London .. , Sydnoy .. London .. London .. , Sydnoy .. Sydnoy .. Sydnoy .. Llvorpool Sydnoy ., London .. London .. 23,210 13,708 4,203 4,801 »,147 02,53» 01,231 10,881 0,707 2,800 14,319 1,033 8,534 83 4,772 40,470 2,0 ti 11,276 3,033 5,223 0,330 2,004 2,330 10,621 11,251 4,002 12,001 In the following table, the quantities of gold brought into Melbourne weekly by the escorts are given separately for the varions gold-fields, lor throe months ending 17th inst: 1120 ¡KM Tho mail month commenced with some division existing amonç the nino banks car- rying on business lu this colony. There was no unanimity in the rates of interest allowed to depositors, and ono of the banks, tbo Union Bank of Australia, discounted paper having only two months' currency, at the rate of seven per cent, per annum, or one per cent, below the rato charged by the other banks. In this course the Union Rank was fpecdily followed by the others, until, by mu- tual arrangement, uniform rates were once moro established on Monday last, as follow ; -For sixty-five doys' currency, 8 per cent, : for ninety-fivo days, 9 per cent., and for 125 dave, 10 per cent The banks buy drafts on England at par, and Bell at one per cent pieinium for sixty days The rates for thuty days' on India and the East are - Bombay. 2s. per rupee, Calcutta, 2s. Id. per rupee; Madras, 2s Id per rupee, Ceylon, 2} per cent premium ; Hong Kong, 4s OJ. per dollar; Mauritius, 4a. ifd per dollar, Singapore, 4s 9¡jd. per dollar The charges by the Peninsular and Oriental Company for tbe transmission of gold and bullion from Melbourne to the Bank of England amount to 13 per cent, including insurance. The rates of interest quoted by the banks vary for deposits at thirty dayB* notice, from 2} to 4 per cent per annum, at three months' notice, from 3 to 6 per cent., at au monthB' notice, from 5 to 6 per cent. The stock audsuare market has been active during the month, a comparatively large amount of capital having been drawn in this direction. Messrs Baillie and Batters re port - " Slnco our last monthly rovlow of tho stock and shara market a marked and steadily lúcreos ng im piorcmont has boen visible A mucli larger amount of capital has boon availablo for pormaiiont invest mont In hank, railway, insuranco, and gas sharon, which have all been absorbed as fast as offeree!, at ruling rotes, and In many instances, v/horo tho Bupply has not been equal to tho demand, a considerable riso has been established Mining has also hod considor ably moro attention paid to It by capitalists, tho result of several minos believed to bo almost valuolcss turn ing out very rich AVood's Point, tho novrly-dls covorcd and surprisingly rich Hold In North Gipps Land, has attracted special attention, and largo amounts of capital havo already been invosted It is generally suppoiod that ultimately It will proTO tho most oxtensire and tho richest pormanont gold Sold In tho colony, tho greatest obstacle to Invostors being tho uncertainty of titlo, tho distant capitalist hoing com plotoly at tho morey of a class of mon not always re- markable for disinterestedness This will for a timo haro tho effect of checking speculation to a certain extent until our noir Trading Companios Act comos into operation, which will bo of tho utnust benefit to tho mining community, as it will rcgulato tho working and limit tho liability of shareholders in mining venturos Alroady sovoral havo all documenta prepared to como undo« it as soon as it receives tho signature ot Ills Excellency tho Governor " Debentures -Victoria Government Sic per Cents wo have sold at £107, £107J, and £i07i, thoy aro now hold for £108 louth Australia Six por Couts, duo 1882 (remittablo), at £110}, exclusive of interest Hobson s Bay Railway Dobonturos, duo 1808, at £105 , anil Melbourno Hallway Eight por Conts, at £100J ' Banks -Colonial havo improved considerably Wo have placed thom at £7 fis to £7 Cs Od , National, at £4 17s to £4 18s , Kew South Wales, at £61 to £52, and Victoria, at £33 for colonial roglstor, and £40 for London register " Insuranco-Alllanco wo havo sold at Os to 0s ¡id., Australasian Tiro and Marino, at 46s to 40s , Am tralosian Lifo, at Os and Os 3d , Colonial, at 11s, 11s Od , and 12s Victoria Lifo and Gonoral aro olTcrcd at 80s , Victoria 1 iro and Marino aro wantod at £23 " Gas -Ballarat havo changed hands at £< 17s Od , Collingwood and Fitzroy, at £0 to £010s , and Mci bourne, at £4 2s (ki to £A 6s Bendigo, Castlemaine, and Geelong havo bcon quiet " Miscellaneous -Hobson s Bay Railway havo changed hands at £60, Bendigo Waterworks, at 123 , 0\ ens Waterworks and Victoria Kaolin, unsaleable Minmi Colliery aro offered at 40s discount " Ballant Mino" -Theso havo shown an avorago »mount of prosperity, and good dividends hwo boon paid by soveral of thom Tho Koli 1 noor paid £205 por sharo, tho Gi cat Extondod, £02, Buninyong, £J0, helson Company, £8, Cosmopolitan, £38, Albion, £10, Alston and A\caidalo, £5, Princo of Wales, £20,Bntlsh, £10 Duko of Northumberland, £10, Wombat, £11, and Ploneor, £0 Tho prolonged law «lils In this district aro fast approaching final settlement, which will havo the oflect of increasing confidence in this justly celobrated mining district " Joint Stock Mines -Undor this hoad considerable Improvement will bo noticod, Ajax, Bcoliivo, Eagle- hawk Association, 1-aglohawk Union, Now Chum St Mungo, helson Roof Dividend» havo boon )nid in the Lntcrprizo, Maldon, of £125 per share , Bco- liivo Company, Es. per sharo , St Mungo, 2s Gd por share, Catherine Keel (United), Od per sharo, Achilles havo changed hands at 11s , Ajax, at £0 Band of Hopo, at 132 , Buninyong, at £176 to £177 10s , Catherhio Reef (Keith s), at Is , Cathorino Roof (United), 7s Cd , Eaglohawk Association, 4s Od , M'lvor (Caledonia), at 5s Cd , Hustler s Reef, 25s , helson Hecf, 2s Oil , Now Chum 5s , Scarsdale, £10 to £20 , St Arnaud at £15 , and St Arnaud Silver Mines, at 7s to 10s ' Trade has beon in a heolthy condition during the month Speculations m Bugara and toas bave led to these articles changing hnnds in large parcels in a rising market tho top of -which appears to have been reached In tobaccos the market bas been handled by one or two holders, but without any great result. Prices are nominally 2d. to 3d bighor than at the departure of the February mail In breadhtuffs tbo rice has been con tlnuous from £16 per toa for first Ado laido brandy to £22. As high as £25 has been marked nomiually In South Australia and Tasmania the harvest has boon abundant, while in Victoria it has partially failed. Flour und wheat fit for grinding has been scarce, and in few bands In the remuiks prefixed to the list of prices current, in auother column, we havo dealt with these mattera seriatim The imports aud exports, at tho Port of Melbourne, for tho week ending 19th mst, are glvou in the Bill of Entry. 1 he imports were of the declared value of £076,381, and the exports of £-385,930, the balance being £190,412 in favour of the foimer. Uho following table gives the ira ports ond exporta for the first eleven weeks of the year, as compared with the corre sponding weoLs of 186a - Week ending 1803 1804 1803 Fc'b £ 170,403 438,710 221,440 410,102 107,441 467,073 318,431 402,738 201,800 152,410 03,872 £ 395,417 307,804 313,858 320,808 250,730 510,008 100,093 239,305 180,303 155,301 670,381 £ 623,001 102,003 659,125 117,733 100,005 142,220 233,450 403,104 117,314 180,120 239,817 3,155,6: 3 655,1071 2 905,235 | 3,114,100 145 313 242,304 100,278 443,801 285,003 137,200 327,421 607,093 200,707 110,103 386,030 During the that period, the account stood thus - Imports . £3,155,589 Exports . 2,005,23o Balance of imports ovor exports ,, £250,354 Buring the second period - Imports £3,555,197 Exports , 3,114,100 Balance of imports ovor oxoorts £141,091 The following ia a statement of the stocks of dutiable gooda in bond at the port of Mel- bourne on tho 21st March -Brandy, 6,930 hhds 83,754 cases, rum, 1,011 hhds 1,009 cases ; geneva, 22 hhds, 151181 red cases. 4,896 green cases , whiskey, 1,171 hhds. 28,913 cases , gin, sweetened, 107 hkda 9,054 casea, cordials, 1,600 cases, spirits of wine, 198 hhds , other spirits, 123 hhds 10,261 cases : wine, 5,524 hhds. 16,519 cases, beer, 8.374J hhds. 8,682 caees and casks, tobacco, manufactured. 122 half tierces, 657 quarter-tierccB and kega, 5,9d6 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 8,057i caseB , do, unmanufactured, 135 hhds. and casks, 12 caseB, 1,745 balea and bundles, cigar*, 628 caaes, Enuff, 58 packages : tea, 18,169 cheats, 27,991 balf chestF, 26,047 boxes, malt, 1,831 bags ; coffee, 255 bags, 83 tierces and casks, 466 barrels; sugar, Mauritius, 76657 bags; do, Manilla, 1561 bags, do, Java, 545 bags, other, 145,008 bags, 240 casks and coses, molasses, 276 hhds , chicory, 659 packages ; opium, prepared, 4,167 lb , do, unprepared, 157 lb ; dried fruits, 4,480 packages ; hops, 368 pocket«, 2 bales, rice, 6 226 bags, 8 barrels ; colonial spirits, 1,618 hhds At a meeting of the creditors of Messrs, Curie and M'Donald, merchants, of Geelong, held m this city, it was unanimously agreed to that the request for an extension of time by the firm of twelve monthB, to enable them to meet tbeir liabilities in full, should be conceded. Tho unsecured debts amount to £18,000. The following is a statement of the trafilo returns of the Victorian Government lines of railway, of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Ballway, and of the Melbourno Companys line (late the Melbourne and Suburban line), for the month of February . Pos scngors Total Government lines Melbourno and) Hobson's Bay Melbourne Co 's s d I £ id ¡10,232 15 8,25,375 13 S 3,303 5 4' 2,277 7 4 3,255 l8 111 - £ s d 1,003 810 5,53012 0 3,2551811 Since the departure of tho last mail for Cogland, tho following sales of station pro pel ties have been effected .-The Spring Hills and Richmond Plains, situated between the Loddon and tho Avoca, together with 21,800 sheep, at 23s. per hoad, everything given in, utual teims-seller, Mr John Fenton, pur- chaser, Mr. Peter M'Pherson. The station known as " Wonnamarra, " in the Mur- rumbidgee district, NSW, to Messrs. Peter- son and Sargood, at a satisfactory price. The Honeysuckle Station, near Benalla, to gether with 8,000 sheep and 640 acres pur- chased land, to Mr. John Balaton, for £9,000, on the customary termB Tho Bochara Sta tion, in the West Wimmera district, together with 2,600 acres purchased land,. 400 acres leased, and 8000 sheep, for £10,100, Bhort terms, seller, Mr. George Younger; buyer, Mr John Stewart. Also, to Mr. James Rich- mond, Sr. Gemmell's station, Ooreen, on the Billabong. Now South Wale», with 20,000 sheep, at 25s, per head. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CUBRENT. Tho Argus Office, Wednesday Evening Tlio doparlilro of tho last montli a mall iras followed by » continued steady demand for nearly all doscrip lions of imported goods, which tondod to tho support of current prices Tho oxport demand lias steadily declined, but the steady incrcoso of business In tho country aud mining districts lins couiponsatod for this falling oil Tho number of disappointed minors ro turning from tho Now Zealand gold Holds, and tho continued IniproTod returns of tho products from our own diggings aro likely to induco a moro sottled population in tho various auriferous districts of tho colony, and consequently boeomo inoro pro ductivo to business during tho winter months Trade genorally Is in a hoalthy condition Only ono failure of any Importance has occurred, and In this caso thero Is ovory prospect of 20s In tho pound bolng rcollzed lho Intelligence brought by tho last mail has not had tho effect on markets Its importance might hare been expected to produce American pro- ductions have been but slightly affected, but tho Taino of goods ordinarily forwarded from European ports has been altogether uninfluenced, our roports of tho Im port markots aro consoquoi tly chanced with but fow changes, the disposition for transactions or tho rororso being tho chlor indications of alterations in value Great stress Is, however, laid on tho advices to como by tho noxt mall, and until their recolpt transactions aro likely to ho small, unloss speculation anso, from tho uncertain feolhig which oxists A strong disposition to clear out stock of old ales has beon shown, and parcels havo beon forced off, both prlvatoly and by auc tlon, at very loir flpruros Tho supplies of now brow havo as yet como forward very sparingly, and high prices havo beon endeavoured to bo established, tho loir rates, bow over, ruling for sound old parcolshavo tended to check prices, which as yot aro scarcoly esta bllshcd. Bulkstout has beon In rather bettor Inquiry, but the supply 1B quite equal to tho ordinary modorato Inquiry, and rates arc unlikely to Improvo during tho winter months Bottled boors havo boen in hut limited demand Any really primo woll-conditioned ales would find ready sale, but nearly all the supplies on hand aro cloudy ill conditioned lots, and aro conse- quently difficult of sale Bottled stout has boon and is still in modorate inquiry, tho dotnand being limited to sound parcels, and of insufficient oxtont to vary prices Quotations aro - Alo and Porter (duty paid' -Alo-Now Brow ory Co , Carllslo, C7 15s to £8, Bass s No 3 (now) £7 16s , Allsopp s (old), £4 6s , other Burton browers', £4 to k6, Joulos (now), £7 to £7 5s per hhcl , Tonnent's (old), £-1, Byass s, bottled, Us Od to 10a , London and Colonial Co 's, 9s to 0s 3d , Allsopps, Os Od to 0» Od , other bottlora, Sa Cd to 0s ¡stout .-Bost brands, £5 10s to £(! 5s , other brewers', £6 per hhd , Dublin stout, bottled, (Is , Byass s, 8s 9d to 0s , Loudon and Colonial Companys, 8s Od , Barclays, bottlod by Friend, quarts, 8s De! to 9s , other bottlors, 7s to 8s per dozon Bacon and hams aro in very modorato Inquiry, local cured supplies aro coming forward more plontl fully, and tho otport inquiry liarl«g fallen oil, prlcos show no indication of any improvement Quotations, howevor, remain as follow -Yorkahiro or Wiltshire hams, lid to 1A1 , Irish (Sinclairs), 14d to 14jd , Coeys, ljd tohijd , Rowans bellies (bacon), 121d to 13d , Sinclair's, 13d. to 13id , Waring s, l2id , Moffatt s, 12Jd poi lb , pork (Irish), £5 to £5 5s per barrel, beef, £d 15s to ¿4 per tioreo Bags and Bagging -Tho domand for thrco bushel sacks is now nearly supplied, so many returned bigs being sent back Woolpacks aro, owing to tho late ness of tho season, quito out of Inquiry Gunnies aro In inquiry, and meet ready sale at steady rates Quo- tations aro -Three bushel bags, 20s to 20s Od per dozen , gunnies, 12s to Us per dozon, woolpacks, 8s each for full »eight picks Butter Is in no demand whatovcr Tho favourahlo season has (supplied an ample quantity for all requlsi tions, and imported sorts aro difficult of salo and likely to continue so Quotations of best douhlo-roso Cork aro almost nominal at lOJd per lb Candles oro In inquiry to modorato e-itent, but no largo sales can bo effected Stocks aro heavy, coming supplies large, and tho general uso of kerosene and other oils of similar description has so uiatorlnlly Interfered with lho valuo of candles as permanently to reduce their market valuo Belnioiits aro tirm at quotations, but so long as Neva stearinos oro procurable at lid per lb -their present current prlco -no advance on other descriptions can occur Quota tlons aro -Nora steanno, lid , Belmonts, lOJd to 10 Jd , foreign fidl Heights, lOd to lOjd., do.llLht, 8d to81d per lb Canvas remains in very limited Inquiry , but holders do not forco liles, and quotations aro still given at from 12d to 12jd per yard for navy best assorted Cement is uull ot sale, and prices are almost nominal Quotations aro -Portland, 15s to 15s Od , Itoman, 12s Gd to Ids Od , American plaster, 13s per barrel Checso of primo qualities is in fair demand, supplies of colonial make ore, howovor, interfering with tho salo of in ported sorts North Wilts of good quality is scarco, and «anted , other sorts of good Lnelish mnko aro worth from Hid to 12Jd por lb , Ldam, prime, SJd to Od por lb , inferior dosenptions nearly unsaleable Coffee and chicory havo boon in fair steady Inquiry, but without ony special altération Prices aro steadily supported , and stocks bolng comparât!) ely light present quotations, which rulo as follow, aro likely to bo sustained -lu bond-Coylon plantation, 12d tol2Jd , nattie, lOJd to lOJd , Java, lid to 12d , chicory, bo6t soils, ájd to djd per lb Confectionery, in small well assorted lots, finds sale at about lOd to lOJd. per lb , but tho supply of colo mai manufactured, at much lower than imported rites, renders tho snlo of tho latter sorts of tory limited extent Can lied peel Is low in stock, and quoted at from 13d to 13Jd per lb , but domand is i cry limited Cordago -Tho improved inquiry for Manilla ropt reported last month has quito been supplied, ant prices havo settled down to former ntos In othei descriptions no chango can bs reported Supplies art ample for the market demand, and quoted prices art likely to bo unimproved lwlno moderatoly supplied and of ready sale Europo ropo, £30 to £35 , Manillt (iin to 4ln ), £47 to £40, Russian, £37 to £30 , Cal cutta lines, £42 to £13 per ton, twine, seiming am roping, Hid to 143d per lb Drugs and Chemicals -Largo shipments havo bool made of opium to tho Sydnoy markets, but prices an unimproved Fatua is almost nominal in price, pre pared dull of solo at 20s Gd per canister bodi crystals aro quoted at £10 159 to £11, but no sale reported at tho latter price In other articles undo this heading thero aro no changes, and quotations ro main as under -Hour of sulphur, 17s (k1 to 18s po eivt , carbonate of soda, 17s to 18s por cwt , castor oil, 4s Od to da Od per gallon, soda crystals, ¿1 15s to £11, caustic soda, £19 to £10 10s , soda ash £10, sulphuric acid, 4d per lb , opium, Patna, £24 to £200 per dust, prepared, 20s to 27s per canistor duty paid 1 lah -Dried and salted havo continued in vor limited inquiry, aud prices aro without alteration Quotations aro -Ling, of primo quality, 4Jd to 41d herrings, white, 9a per llrklii, 23s to 24s per liah barrel, red, 28s to 29s per dozoii two dozen this mackerel, 5s Od to Cs por half kit Flour and Grain -lho market for flour and whea has been unusually activo, but, owing to tho larg supplies recoiled from bouth Australia, holder have in somo instances becomo alarmed as to th prices being sustained, and mado sales at rate below thoso currently ruling, which has created a unsettled fooling in th» inarkot, and rondora I difficult to aftord rcllablo quotations Thero ar sellers to doy of good brands at £23 and a pircel t airivo has, it is reported, boon offored at £22 On th other hand, there aro holders who bcliovo tho lull ii tho markot Is morely temporary, and still hold out fe £25 per ton Arrivals from California aro presumed t be on tho way, but ostheao supplies cannot bo reason ably expected to be to hand for at least ti) o months i.o variation in prices of any extent is looked for a present, the baro stocks iii the country district causing a steady demand Wheat come? f orward hu slowly, and being readily purchased by tho millón sustains its prlco Barley is in but limited demand although tho malting season now Betting in sliotil causo improved inquiry forsuitablo samples Oats ar in somewhat more inquiry, hut tho chief purchase lately mado hove been for holding, and with a goo supply coming forward, n» speedy riso in valuo I looked for Owing to tho heavy Doods lu New Soul Wales, mnlzo has improved in demand, and goo samples aro worth 5s 3d to Cs 4d per bushel Que tatlons aro -1 lour (Adolaido host brands), £23 to £2 per 2,0001b Vi heat, Os toOs 3d per bushol Oats colonial, 4s 3d to 4s (3d , Irish and Scotch, 3s Gd t 3s lOd , Danish, 3s Od , Californian, 4s to 4s 3d Barley, malting, 6s to 5s lOd Haizo, 6s 3d to 6s 4d per huBhcl Gram, £12 per ton Bran, Is 4d per bushol Colonial oatmeal £24 to £26 per ton Dried fruits aro D oil supplied, and domand, owln; to tho continued abundance of fresh sorts, in vor limited inquiry, without for tho prosont any prospei of improved rates Wo quote (duty paid) -Apple Od , currants, 4Jd to 4Jd , Muscatol raisins (layers' 7Jd , Capo raisins, Ojd to OJd , Lloino, OJd , Sill tana, 7d to 7Jd , Turkey fig», Od por lb , duly paid almonds, 14d to 16d per lb Hops have declined In roquost, and although holdoi of late growth aro tolerably linn, tho quotations of las month aro borely supported For 1803, duty paid ne ahovo Is Gd to Is 7d per lb is procurable for Ken and Sus«ox , and older growths aro cllfficult of salo ti oven much lowor figures Wait is In very limited domand lho holders' lira ness keeps prices up to about 8s lOd to Os per bushe but for any parcels of oxtont it is doubtful if this rat could bo realized, considering tho loason of tho yea and tho supplies on tho way Hâtais -Business in this market has been gonorall inactive lho wholesale doalorsaro now tho chief In porters, and from tliolr knowledge of tho requin monts of tho markets regulate their supplies accort ing to its necessities Quotations, howevor, ni about as follow -Merewood s patent corrugated ga vanized tinned, 21 and 20 gauges, £32 per ton, »ion Vtoods corrugated galvanized, No 2, or untinnot £31 do , Tupper s do , £34 do , Hamilton's or otlu English maker's £31 do , Scotch, £20 do ; Merewood galvanized tinned plain, 20 and 28gauges, £30do i'upper s or other English maker s, £34 do , Scott do , £28 to £30 do , lodandhar, host Staffordshli brands, BBH, £10 do , Scotch, £0 do , plato, £13 do sheet, assorted, £14 to £10 do , anglo aud T, £1 do , hoop, £12 do , pig, £4 to £4 6s do , Swodlsl no sales Lead-üpe, assorUd sizes, £27 per toi sheet, milled, assorted, £25 10s do , shot, assort* £30 Steel-Blister, £2 5s per ctt t , cast, £2 10 do Tin-Block, Is Od to Is Od per lb , plato charcoal, IC, plates, charcoal. 1\, 2¡¡ to 6 per con advance Wire-1 cueing, black, £U per ton, go vanized, Nos 1 to O, £18 to £20 do Zino-Hollo light, £28 per ton, do , nails, £2 8s to £2 10i p cwt Oils -Tbo Intelligent» by the mail of an oipo port duty having been placed on oils from Amor! has created a speculative demand hero, and large sal of kerosene havo been mado at adiancod prices, be brands have realised 4s per gallon, and aro not pr curable under that rate Chincso is still scarco, ai worth 6s Gd Lirooed, dull of sale at quotatloi Prices rulo as follow -Kerosono, host brands, 8s 7 to 4s , linseed, 5s to Es Cd , Cbincso, 6s 3d to Í Od , colza, Os. te 0s Id , turpoutlno, 10s to Ils p gallon, Oilmen's stores havo scarcoly undergone any alU ations in prices Tho ampio supply of fresh fruits li deadened the salo of bottled sorts aud jams, will aro now In very limited request Starch and bl hare been In luther bolter dimond , pickles also c in rather belter, but in stilt limited inquiry Quoi tions for liest brands rule as follow -Blue, thun OJd to lOld per lb ; curry jwwder, quarts, 12s Od Via per dozen, fruits, bottled, 10s Od. to Us ti jams and jellies, lib tin«, Os Od to 10s do ; lobsters, lib tins, American, 7s to 7s 6d do , macaroni, 8d. ]ior lb , vormlcolll, wh to, Naples and Oonoa, 8Jd do , mustard, in hulk, No 2, 7}d to 7jd do do In lib bottles, 11s to 12s. per dozen , do In Jib bot- tles, 7s Od do , oystors, prosorvod, lib tins, ila to 12a per dozon , pickles, pints, 7s to 8s do salad oil, pints, 11s OH lo 12s por dozon , do, half pints, Os lid to 7s do , salmon, preserved, lib tins, 15s to 10s do , sardlnos, halves, Ss Od to Os do ; quarters, b3 Od to Os do , sauces, assorted, half pints, fis do , du Worcestershire (Loa and Perrins) 12s to 12s Od do , starch (Colman s) 43<1 per Ib riiiigar, brown (Champion s 24), 2s to 2s 3d. per gallon, do , concentrated, quarts, Os Od to 10s per dozen, vihito wine. Is Oil to Is. Od por gallon Paints aud colours remain In tho samo limited in- quiry in whle.li thoy lia» o long ruled, largo supplies preventing any improvement In prices Quotations aro -Best whito lead, 30s to 83s , red lead, 23s to 25s per cwt colours unquotablo Pitch and lar-Purchasers for shipment havo par- tially roliovcd stocks, but priées aro without chango Stockholm tar is quoted at 32s to 34s , and pitch, at 67s to 00» por barrel Ponder has been dull of sale, tho lato Inquiry hav- ing apparently been supplied Best brands not sale- able at over Od to OJd per lb Qulcksllror dull of sale, inquiry light, quotations. 2s 3d to 2s 4d por lb Hice -Tho markot for this article is again quiet ; tho shipments advised from Calcutta aro considerable, hut holders aro firm, and Indisposed to submit to any important reduction Now Patna is quoted to-day at ¿23 nor ton. duty paid Salt continues dull of Bale, without apparent pros peet of any early improvement rino is quoted at £4 CB to £4 10s , and coarse at £3 5s to ¿J 7s Od , abovo v.Illili ratos are not obtainable Slates aro woll supplied, and Inquiry vory light. 1 ho latent sales givo tho following pri os -Duchos», £10, Marchioness, £14 10s , Countess, £12 to £12 10s per 1,000 Sugar- rho market has boon ably sustained by importers, who havo lately In great measure kopt out of tho market A determination has, koworor, been evident on tho part of tho trade to purchaso only to tho extent of requirements, and at a sale of 10,000 bags of Mauritius sorts, offered yesterday by auction, not an offer could bo procured, although wo understand a few small lots woro afterwards pri- vately placed Holders, ho» ovor, will not give way, and wo therefore givotho following quotations, not- withstanding we learn hy telegram of a consUlorablo fall in priées having heen established in tho Sydnoy market -Sugars (duty paid) -Cossiporo, No 1 £55, No 2, £62 to £54, Mauritius v. Into crystal», £18 to £50, yellow do , £44, good to lino counter sorts, £4.2 to £46, low to Uno brown, £1)3 to £37 por ton Spirit« -J'ho market has continued depressed, and demand, boyond tho ordinary trade requirements un usually light Brandies of most fav ourito brands hav u sold slowly at about quoted ratos, but inferior and mixing sorts can scarcoly bo quoted Hum has boen in rather hotter request, and prices aro Armor, with, howe» er, hut a trifling advaneo lu value Old tom and whiskey havo been in unusually small request, and prices aro of course unimprovod Geneva goes steadily into consumption, but the continued extensivo supplies check any tendency towards improved prices Quotations are as follow -Martells dark, 8s Od to fcs Od , palo, 0s Od to 0s Oil per gallon , Hennessy s do , 8» 3d to 8s Od ; p»lo, 10s por gallon Otard's, 88 , United Vineyard Proprietor» Company s do, 8s to 8s 3d , Cliampagno Vineyard Proprietors' Com- pany a do, 8s , palo, 0» , VinegTowors, 7s Od to 8» , I cgor 1 reres', 7s Od to is , other brands, do , 3s Cd to 7s , palo, Hennessy s, 20s to 30s por dozen case, United Vineyard I roprlotors', 20s , Vlno growcrs, 23s , Champagne Vlnoyaid Proprietors' Companys, 21s , Leger I reres, 21s to 22s , Glouzcau's, lfat to 10 Geneva-JDIVJ!, or key brand, 0J Od to Os Od por case , do , do, 0s (k1 to Os Od per half caso do, other blands, 8s Cd to Os per caso Gin - london old tom, best brands, 2s lOd to 3s per gallon, do, do , Its per dozen Kum-East India, ¿O to 80 o p, Is 6d to 2s 3d per gallon, West India, 10 to 12 o p , 2s 8d to 3s do , do , 20 to 30 o p , 3H 3d to 3s Sei do Whiskey-Irish Moimi s, 3s Ud do , Scotch, best, 3s Od to 3s lOd do , do , best brands, 11s to 12s per dozen case 'lea -Messrs John Everard and Co report - "lho liombay arrived in Hobson s Bay on tlio 12tli instant, willi dates from Hong Kong to 31st January lho arrivals binco our last luuo included tho following, vi? -At Melbourne-i ebruary 20, Golden Ilceco, from Poochow, March 4, Lhzabeth, do , March 17, Bcrengaria do At Sjdnci- March 7, El za and Mary, March 8, Greyhound (the latter with part carç,o Tia Adelaide) Hie upward tendency in our market, which commented just prior to tho doparturo of tho last mail, has continued throughout tho month , but this w is made much moro ajiparcnt after the arrival of tho mail, showing a ccssitiou of shipments to tho colonies Tho maikol then took a decided start upwards, and large bales havo been made at tho advance lho following public auctions have taken placo since tho dato of our last - r ebruary, 2^ -Sundry secondhand parcels per Confucius, Charlotte, /cphjrus, Kcopsako and Bril liant Common broken leaf, congou, with good liquor, sold at OJd , OJd , andlOd , good «ayshaiis, per Con fuclus, at Is OJd to Is 2d , L luton young hyson, in boxci, at SJii , good medium congous at Is 7d to Is 7jd , and good ordinary at lid March 4 -The residue of cargoes por Jessie beazley. Belle, and Aldlv »Hoch Is ono publicly sold, but af tor wards souio lory good black leaf strong coucou sold at Is 8jd , and all tho Jessie Beazley, from prcfor able to (,ood ordinary to feood medium, at Is Id to Is Cd March l8 -Hie carc,o of the Lllzahoth wai tried, but nono sold publicly, afterwards, and the two folio« ing days, four fifths of tho cargo sold at an average, advance of ljd all round, bo ng 2el on tlio lowest, and Id on tho bottor kinds Murch 21 -Sundiy secondhand parcels but wo heard of no sales worthy of comment Black Teas - Congou during tho mouth has hoon in considerable demand, especially after tho lottcrs by the mail, giving- almost conclusivo evidence of tho season's supply being nearly ended low, good common, medium, and c,ood medium have boen in much demand, and an advance has boen established on all thoso descriptions, but for fine to finest tho Inquiry has been but limited, and where Bales ha\o boon mado lower rates Moro obtained for last season s One, whilo full prices liai e been paid for a largo parcel (neirfy 2,000 chests) of ' black leaf strong of se ison 1801 02 Scouted teas havo boen much inquirod for, and a cou sidcrable business dono at an advance of fully ljd , w hilo present holders aro seeking more money than quotations Gi ecu Teas-lho few true greens in tho market lim o changed hands at an advance of Id to 2d A few boxes of fino Moyuno, per Ljizaboth, realized 3s Od to 4s Canton greens of all Kinds aro much neglected Compared with the previous mouth w o find an advaneo of ¿Jd to 3d on tho very lowost coucous, 2d on ordinary to good ordinary, and Id on low to very cood medium, a decline of Id to 2d on finest au advaneo of Id to IJd on scented teas and truo c,rcsns ' Timber-An improved inquiry, and light stock amongst tho trade, ha\ o caused an advaneo In prices of deals, to which holders adhere Business is, ho» ovor, by no means brisk, and althoucji wo quote 6d to Sid for 0x3, that price could scarcoly bo procured for any lur¡,o quaitlty All otlior descriptions aro dull of fcttlo, barely sustaining tho follow mg quotations - Deals, Cd to Sid per foot for O x J , Americaa lumber, 1 and G , £810s to £0, clear pino, £1110s to £14 per 1,000ft , Swtehflooring, Oil,lli to 10s Od per 100ft , one Inch sliolving, £0 to £10 per 1,000ft , Oregon timbor (square), £010s to £7 6s Tobacco, since tho arrival of tlio advices by tho mail, has undergone a favourable change for holders of real]} good sorts, and lar¡,o parcels aro reported to havo eliangcd hands priiatcly at vory fuil prices Thoro Is, however, alargo supply of Northern maka and old and inferior sorts on the markot to which tho improvement must bo understood to have no íefor enco ilio following quotations havo been carefully made, mid will bo, we bellovo, found correctly to re- present present prices -(In bond;-Southern twist, Barretts anchor brand 6s 8d to 6s Od , Riven tv. ist, 4s Od , other favourlto brands, baro, ordinary brands, in fair supply, at 3s 3d to 3s Od , aromatic, pound lumps, 3s Od to 4s , hilf pounds (Southern), 4s Od , do (Northern), 3s 3d to 3s Od , faiuy sorts, slow of sale, at 4s to Os , honeydow, half pound Soulhern, markot bare , Western half pounds, fine, 3s to 3s Od , horthcrndo , 2s to 2s 3d .Northern 10 s, very scarce, Is Od to 2s Od , bouthorn 10 s (a small lot only in tho nnrkct), 2s Od , Western 10 s, (Ino very scarco, 2s Od to 3s , Kentucky leaf (unstrlppcd bcareo), Is Od , Virginia strips (scarpoi, 2s toss 3d , sheepwash (destroyed), Od lois , Cal- cutta leaf, 4(1 to Cd , Havannah leaf (good supply), at prices according to quality, from 2s Od to tis per lb Manilla cigars, scarco, worth 753 to 80s , Sv> iss cigars, 40s per 1000 Vt incs - lho markot is over supplied and inactivo, and, in tho absence of any sales of amount, corroct quotations cannot bo afforded MELBOURNE MABKETS WEDNESDAY, MABCH 23. Tim MitLS -Tho steady Inquiry for flour quite sus. tains priées, which aro quoted as follow -Fino silk drcsscd, £24 to £24 10s per 2,0001b , pollard, Is 8d ; bran, Is 4d to Is 5d per bushel, oatmeal, £21 to £20 por ton KBTAII, MARKETS -Butchors' Meat -Beef, 4d to 6d. per lb , mutton, 3Jd to6d do (according to quality); veal, 7d to 8d do , pork, 8Jd to Od do Poultrv - Turkeys, 0s to 10s each, geoso, 9s to 12s per pair ; ducks,0s lo7s do .fowls,Os to0s do .rabbits,4s Od to Os per braco, butter, fresh, la to Is 2d por lb ; cheeso, lid to Is Id do , oggs, 2s 3d to 2s Od por dozon, bread, lOd to Is tho 41b loaf, milk, Od to 7d per quart HAT MJUIKPT -Tho oxcesslvo supplies of vory in- ferior descriptions quito clo; tho market, anti are difH ult of sale ol any prie» Heatly primo hay is scarce, aud wanted Quotations aro -Best hay, £0 IBs to £7 10s , other sorts, £2 por ton upwards Straw, £2 to £215s per ton EABTKIW MAUKBT -There was a plentiful supply of all scasonablo descriptions of vegetables and fruit« at market this morning Tho demand was tolor ably good, but pricos ruled low Poultry and ooiry produco wero In moderato supply, but not in brisk demand Tlio pricos obtained woro about as folio« -Vegetables -Beans, kidnoy, Id to 1J<1 per lb , beet, Dd to Is per dozon , bouquets, 4s to 8s per dozen, cabbages, Od to 2s per dozon, carrots, 8d to Is per dozen bunches, cauliflowers, 3s Od to 10s per dozen, celery, 2s to 4s per dozon bunches, cress, water, Sd tels por dozon bunches, cucumborí, prickly, 3d to Od por dozen, do, long spine, Is per dozen, garlic, 3d to 4d per lo , horseradish, Ss to 0s per dozon sticks, lavender, Is per dozen bunches, leek, Is. per dozen bunehos , lettuce, 4d toOd per dozen , marjoram, Od per dozon bunches, mint, Del per dozon bunches , onions, dried, Us to 7s per cwt , do, green, Od to Od por dozen bunches, parsloy, Is per dozon bunches, parsnips, Is to Is Od per dozon bunches, poas, 2d to 2Jd per lb , potatoes, fis to Os por cwt , do joung, Os perewt , pumpkins, 3s perdozou , radish, 4d to (Id pordozen bunches, rhubarb, Is Od to 2s Od per dozen bunches , sago, Is per dozon bunches , thy mo, Oil per dozen bunches, turnips, Od to Is per dozen bunches, tomatoes, Id toljd per lb ,iogotablo marrons, Od. to-Is pordozen Fruits-Anplos, ld. to 4d per lb , damsons, 3Jd to 4d per lb , Uga, Is per dozen, grapes, 2d to 7d per lb , melons, water, 2s to 4s per dozen, do, rock, Is to 8s per doflüi, do , preserving, 3d. each , mulborries, 8d per lb , poaches, 4d to Is per dozen, pears, 2d. lo 3d per lb ; plums, 3d to 4d. por lb , quilicos, 2d per lb Dalry Produco-Butter, lid. to Is per lb , cheese, 8d to lOd per lb , ducks, 4» to 5s lier pair, eggs, 2s to 2s 3d. per dozon, goose, I 7s. toOs per pair , hcus, 3s Od. to ia Od.per pair; honey, Od to Is por lb , rabbits, 5s per pair ; »licking pigs, 10s to 12s each , turkeys, Oi to 18s per pair Wool., TALLOW, HIDE», ic-Mossrs J II Clough and Co s monthly report per North tin is as follows - "Wool-The wool sales of the season may be now considered to bo at an end, and with the exception of a few small lots (remnants of clip« already disposed of, which will probably bo offered shortly after tho Laster holidays) there is nothing of any consequonco to bring to the hammer. By a comparison of our monthly statistics of this season with those of previous ones, it will bo Been that tho quantity of ?wool which has been scut forward has lioon greatly larger, whilst a roi low of tho transactions will justify a feeling of satisfaction as well on tho part of tho producer as of those who ha)o purchased In this market, although tho high prices of former years ha)0 scarcely as an avcrsgo boen reached lho sea- son s clip wo consider on the wholo to havo boon supe rior in length and strength, and of a hotter general growth, although tho brlfcht colour and clean wash which distinguished the clips of previous seasons have been «anting This is in no small degree attributable to tho accident« which in the spring of tho year so materially dolay ed tho dovclopmcntof thowoolseas»n, by rendering tbo pi osecutlon of shearing operations 1m po'siblo until a much later period tlian is generally as- signed to them Tor example, almost uninterrupted w et w eather interfered to such an oxtont as not only to protract tho season to au unusual length, hut, althoufch the ))ool can scarcclj be said tolmie beon shorn dirty or heavy, tho rain, in many instances falling upon it after w ashing, gavo a dull, dingy ap pcaranco to wool which, but for these untoward at- mospheric circumstances, would havo been bright and while 'lho sales of this season havo indicated a dispos lion on tho part of buyers in this market to operate only at a reduction coin mensúrate with tho declino in prices at home In tbo majority of instances, wo havo been ablo to place clips at grow ers' limits, and it has only be n in cas.es where theso i ozones ha)o hoon obviously m excess of the value of the commodity that a slight con cession on both sides has been sought, and goncnlly spc iking J leldcd A moro than average proportion o tho years product has, howoior, been shipped on ow ncr*' account, but in whatovcr shape tho matorlal has passed through our hatidB those interested In the tr ide have overy reason to feel satisfied with tho season, the i metical close of which wo now chronicle 'lho Customs clearances of the month havo been as follows -Vi otk ending-lb04 February 20, 2,402,0311b, £187,415, February 27, 2,670.0771b , £234,276, March 6,1,053,5031b , £70,661, MarJi 12,607,0001b , £41 8171, Darch 10,1,818,7341b, £120,1)07 Total, 8,602,8I5lb , £007,035 Add previous shipments from October 10, 1E03, to February 13, 1304, 13,850,0821b , £000,674 Total, 22,350 627)1), £l,0(U,(KW lho following ships lia)0 cleared with wool slnco our last report - i ebruary 27, Glendow or, 4,105 hales, March 6," Wavo of Life, 2,032 bales , «arch 6, Kent, 1,180 líalos , March 8, Australian, 2,001 bales, March l8, Hoy al ¡standard, 2,001 bales, March 10, Lady Ann, 2,300 bales , March 22, Anglesey, 1,470 hiles, March 22, Daphne, J.fcOJ bales, total, 21,171 Add ntimboi of bales wool shipped fron October, 1803, 77,033 Total bales, 09,104 Tallow-Dining tho summer months the demand U r tallow for local use has been icry limited, and some transadle na for shipping parcels halo taken plneo Tho mellera lnvo prcforrcd shipping on owners account to selling In this market, although prices havo ranted hore quite is high as the state of tho homo market would warrant tho shipper in buying at Now that tho winter is approach ing, wo may expect tho local consumption to incrcaso, anti, should exporters operato, it will no doubt baie tho effect of keeping up prices ior a time, which cannot, howe) or, ho main tamed, unlesB elrcumstuiiccs not now anticipttcd should occasion the ruling of nicher rates ¡n Lngland lheavcrac,o prices during the post season IKWO hoon as follow-loi loi) beef to middling, fioin £27 to £ 0 , for good heel and mixed, from £31 to £33, and for mutton, from £34 to £37 Wo do not expect that tallow will be shipped to any extent dilling the coining winter months The following shlp3 havo cleared with tallow since our last month s report - Icbruarv27, Ulcndow cr, 125 casks, Match 6, Yta)o of Life, 00 d« , March 6, Kent, 07 do , March 8, Australian, 208 do., March l8, Royal Standard, 3^0 do , March 22, Anglesey, 134 do , March 22, Dapno, 20 do Total, 040 casks Hides - llicro has been no altération m this niatkct for tosió limo past, and wo hato not aeard of any tales of shipping pal eels to any extent Prices hue íarled, according to quality and condition \\\c hue told In miall lots at tho following rates -Diy, out of condition, from 2s Uti to 6s , wet, wilted, litJit to medium vt eights, Os to 10s , and w oil con- ditioned heavy weights, at from 11s to 14s each .Since our last report, tho following hides liai o been cleared -February 27, Glendower, 7,581 hielo , March 5, )\a)0 of Lifo, 1,901 hides and 773 calf skins, March 5, Kent, 120 hides, March 8, Aus tralian, 1,400 hides, March 22, Daphne, 601 hides and 214 calfskins lotal, 11,672 hides and 9S7 calfskins " Messrs It Goldsbrough and Co report as follows - " \\\ ool -Die large sales which had been effected pro v ous to our report of last month ha) ing considerably reduced itocks of tho season s clip, thero lias been a great falling oil in the extent of inamess transact d During the month a total of 3,882 bales ha) o boen offered at auction, of which quantity about 2,700 havo been sold, cither under the hammer or by private con tract Prices hav o ruled about samo tes quoted last month, although the disposit on to purchase has been f-carccly sooldcnt binco the arrhnl of tho I ngllsh January mail on the 12th hist, bringing advices of the threatening aspect of tho German disputo with Denmark The news, lion oi or, will not mit-nally affect quotations for the small quantity still to soil, althone,)! it might lino eau ed a downward ton dency when the market was more fully stocked lho following ships ha) e cleared for 1 nglaud since our last summary -lob 27-Glendower, from Melbourne, fo- London, 4,10r> bales, March 5-Kent, from Mel bourne, for london, 1,180 hales, March 6-Wave of Life, from Melbourne, foi London, 2,052 bales, March b-Au'trallan, from Melbounio, for London, 2,031 bales , March lb-Koj al Standard, from Melbourne, for Lil el | oo], 2 013 b iles, Marali 19-Lady Ann, from Mclbourno, for London, 2,200 hales , March 22-An g cfccy, from Me bourne, for I ondun,l, Í70 hi os, March iZ-Daphne from Melbourne, for London, 3 803 hales 1 revious shipments, 81,721 bales Total shipments, Oetcl cr 25, to date, 102,030 hales Trices current - Greasy- Inferior to ordinary, 7d to Od , ordinary to aierage, Od tolOd , good to superior, lOd to Is OJd ricccc-lnfcrloi to ordinary, Is 3d to Is 5d .ordinary to a) ernte. Is td to Is 8d , good to supoi ior, Is 0J to Is lid bcoured- Ordinary, Is 4d to Is 7d , tcod, Is td to Is ldl , superior, 2s to 2s 3d Hides -lhere has not boon any large amount of busl nei-sdoing.icry few hides coming for« ard cither for salo cr shipment lriees leiuain slat'onary, as Rstquotcd Cleanncesaic-Feh 27, Glendower, for London,2,233, March 8, Australian, for London, 1,400 , Match 5, Wave ( f I Ifo, for London, 2 001, March 22, Daphne, for London, 6,040 lotal, 11,3>1 bides Allow - lhere lias ficen a better inquirí, and wo hal o sold fei oral parcels both for ßbipinent and colonial use, at prices a sliado firmer than could liai o been obtained List month Wo quote -Beef, £23 to £30 portón , mixed, £30 to C32 , mutton, £32 to £31 Clearances nie -Glendower, 126 casks , Au trail m, 20b , Kent, 07, iioicnf Life, GO , t ol al Ma idird, 320 , Anjlc i>cy, 134 , Diiphiu, 200 Total, 1,13 i ci«ks ' LUE STOCK-Messrs Dalnnhoy Campbell and Co report -" I at Cattle -A full supply, i ¡z , 1,331 head, caine forward, a portion of which «oro still on hand, ai d w III be ollerod this day As far as tho sales li ive tone, a decided improi ement in prices his been ob ti ned on good to prime quilit'cs, of which thero was only a a cry limited number becond to inferior quail tics fold at the same low rates as hut wcok We quote pr mo qerlitj bullocks at from CO to £7, do CODS, from £0 to £5 12s Od , good hillocks, from £a to £5 10= , do cows, frmi £4 to £1 10s , second to inferior bullocks, from £2 to C4 4s , do cows, from £1 15s to £3 3s Wo baie this day to offer a draft from the westward, foi which we expect to realizo the samo prices as quoted 1 at Cal) es -A largo supply, mino v 202 heal, cunt forward The demand, honour, continues to ¡in j roi e, owing to the scarcity of good lambs and fall prices wero obtained for those offered Wo quott ] nine quality at from 35s to 46s , other qualltle1 irom If s to 303 vie ha) o sold 30 hoad at from 4's to ¿0s per head Fat Sheep-fids market was com ] ictely glutted and prices fell Is on first, to s 01 on second to inferior quality , 11,132 carno forward «Milpulling lots of ill qualities A large portloi of second to inferior quality had to bo clear« off to graziers, as the tow ti tra Jo w ts h; no means hare of stock , tho competition iniongj the butchers was consequently amongst tho bei lots oftcied Primo heaiy weight wet'ieis brough from 16s to 15s Od , do medium weight, from Ils to 1 Is Cd , (,ood do , from 133 to 13s Od , second ti inferior qualities, from 10s to 12s Wo Ii ii o sold 10 of Messrs Wrtgge's too 1, at 14s Od , 000 light do at from 9s Od to 10s , 1,150 from tho westward ltedluni quality, at 13s , 812 of Mr Douald let gusous, from tho Goulburn, at from 11s to 11s Od Hie latter were tho best framed and finest woolie sheep wo ha)0 seen from that district, and but for th (Jutted state of tho market, would ha)o brought i much better price Also, 300 pure Cotswold owes li limb, at 25s each lotal sold hy us, 3,033 Fa Lambs -Only 016 caine font ar 1, and a considerahl rise ni prices took p'ice Wo havo sold 121 c Mr James Morns s at from 12s Gd to 12s Od 14 of Mr Uilrnsidc's, at 12s Id , and small lot of Mr John Milsons, at 11s (k1 IIonhF JIAIIKKT -Messrs Gooree Kirk and Ct furnish tho following report -"lho supply durln the post week nos not great!) in excess of requlrt mon s, und consisted principally of medium to Inferió descriptions' In the early part of the w o_k thero wo a demand, to complete a shipment to Auckland, an lots sultal lo for that market sold fairly , tho iiumbc required, howe) er, being limited, the offect on prlct LeicnUy wastcareely perceptible first-class hoav diatuht dull, and limited in supply Hrst-clas hecks andllgnt harrie s herses, as no liai o frequent! reputed of la'e, aro in g.cat request, at full rates, au tut few offering Middling and lufcrior, adapted ft Packing, tiro in demand, but without altcratlc In prices As tho ploughing season draws nea inquiries for good strong colts aro becoming moro fr «ucnt, and buy ors ar« moro disposed to ad i anco the limits On Monday w e dlMwsed of a mob of u iddlli steck from tho Upper Goulburn, at an average cf £ On Tuesday, another mob from same place, wide being Inferior, was quoted tit lower figures, andt tame day wo sold a small draft from Wcstorii Port, £0 10a per head " Mr Charles Brown reports " Ow lug to tho market being moderitely supplie pnces are firmer Tirst class heavy draught bora ¡¡re rather dull, but, owing to farming oper.itlo and otbci causes, good di aught colts are in rcquc as aro also e,ood hacks mid licht harness I oxpeel moboffrst class heaiy diaightcolts m next week ' LitEotm. MAititFT -Tho demand for all classes tenants has lmproicd duri gthowoek, with tho c ecptlon of farming men, for whom there is still h little inquiry, the season of thoyear renderlngag cultural operations inactlie Married couples, mc particularly those without y oung childi on, hal o be readily hired out for country sen leo, at rates vary I from about £60 to £76 per year Thoroughly co petcnt fcmalo servants hal o »Iso boen in icryf request, good general sonants, having re'pcetal references, readily obtaining Irom £25 to £23 ] annum, and cooks and laundresses higher rates M; .lorneU'cs liaio been in but modorato Inqui and coinparatlielj few engagements hal o be entered Into Tho immigrants by tho Coldstrca arrlied last week, aro nearly all pronded withslti lions Tho whole number of young women hy I vessel aro already engaged, and tho greater portion ino married couples also, most of thoso remaining me depot being encumbered with young children oEAJiri's WAOES continuo at £4 per mo .th for coa ¡7f ""J1 distant i oyages, with the exception of tho i «onie io London or Liverpool, for whicli ports ££ :T..rulmK rate The supply of men is quito ndcqu 10 "" reqidreincnts of the outward bound ships EXPORTS rrom the Port of Melbourne from tho Mth Fobrutirv to tie 14th March, 1864. com- pared Ytitb the corresponding period of 1803 Agricultural bri ploments Alkali-Soda, tom. Apparel aud slopi| Arms and arnmu nition Arrowroot lb Antimony oie,tons Bags and sacks B us, tom Beer Bottled, gals Draught, do Biscuit, tens Blacksand do . Blankets and wool lens Bones, tons Books Boots and ahoes Bran, buBhols Brushucro Building materials Butter, tons Candles, do Canvas Carnages, carts, &c; Casks, empty Cement Cheese, tODB C1icery China« aro Coals, tons Cocoa and choco- late, lb Coir flbro, tons Coffee Confectionery Copper Copper oro Coppervale and I brass« aro Cordado, tens Corks Cottons Cutlery Drapery Drugs Druj.irisu.' ware Earthen« aro E«fcs Fancy goods Fish Sa tod, tons Trcsorvcd nour, tons rruitr Dried Green, bushels Furniture Glass Bottles Plato Window Glassware Gold ounces Grain Batley, buähvlk Gram tons Maize do Malt do Oats, do Hico Vi heat, bushels Grindery Guano, ton» Hubcrdasr-cry Hair bard« are and ironinonfcory Hats and caps Hay, tons Hides, No Hollow aro Horns and hoofs Hops Hosiery Houses Ice, tons InoiaiubbcrgvOdB| Instruments Musical Scientific Iron tons J «ellery Kaolin, tons Lead, do Leather, do L cither» aro Limo, bushels Live stock Cuttle, ho Do.s, co Horses, do Sheep, do Uachiuery Uatctcsand vestas Mats and nigs MCAI oat tons Metal yellow, do Udlincry Molasses KallB and sorows, tons Nuts Oirs Oils Oifc oth Oilmen s stores Opium Onion , tons PllllltB Paintiuts and cn grai inga Paporhangings Perfumery Photographlo goods Pitch and tar Pipes, tobacco Plants and seeds Plato and plated «are Plumbers' ware Potatoes, tons Preserves Prmtinc, matoriali Provisions I reserved Silled, lons Rail«-vj malcríale licfin Saddlory Sago, lb Salt, lons Shipclmndlery Skins Slates, No Soup,tons Specie Spelter, tuns Spices Spirits Brandj .. Cordials Gin Of wine Porfumed Bum Whiskey Undcscribod Starch and blue blttt'.Oi cry Steel, tens Stone « are Sugar Tallow, tons Tea l<.nts ard tar paul no Tmb r lui linn uro lobnceo OR US Snuff 1 obacconiet*'ware Tools and utensil lois and turner} I'urpeutlr.o and varnish, gab Tw lue mid thread, tons ?\ lue rnr, tais. \\\ ali lies ¡t clocks W mo Vtoodcnwaro Viool, lb Zinc, tons Tjiidcserlbcdgoodsl 8,112 2,350 1,780 1,051 i,oioi 5,229 3,231, 5,24 11,8801 3,057 2,100 33 026 l,734i 410 3,507j 1,000 810 £03,780 4,403 2,U3 12,008 07 2,3fc0 1,430 3,847 2,650 18,673 1,000 11,430 3,b02 701 1,160 1,056 12 024! 2 217| 13,437, 10,088 3,101 100 1,130 112 37 30b 4,148 33f 105,078 10 1,876 4,300 1,07' 2,018] 1,250 4,480 IO 32o 2,044 1,026 8,030 8,001 887 180 405 1,352 0,159 312 1,076 2 887 3001 20 1,020 218 1,030 432 30 858 2 010 371 650| 381 2 0281 1,610 2,033 104 308,112] roio 8,063 03 5 327 1,620 60, 7,300 020 10b 185 6,100 1,652 1,426 4,321 2,530] 1,038 100,003 0,007 1,013 130 164 7 000 2 485 31.4C3 1,1100 24 000 0,004 2,251 3701 540 128 Quantities 4,136 28,84 P 2,000 112,200 1,026 800 11,820 2,000 0 033 48,344 221 181 11,050 10 SI 00,220 6 23 047 40 1,000 