P. RI'lTSIT A E0R1GN_' EXTRACTS. - The Yass portion of the English mail reached town on Tuesday night. We make the following extracts from various sources. Sir George Grev, in a letter to the Derbyshire magistrates, states that, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, he requested four'gentleifien of great experience in mental diseases to examine into Townley's state of mind, and report there upon. The report of these gentlemen appears to to Sir George Grey conclusive as to Townley being of sound mind ; and, taking all the circum stances of the ease into consideration, Sir George lias decided that tho capital sentence should be 'commuted to penal servitude for life. Mrs. Dawson, residing at North Shields, wife of an absent sailor, went to bed with liar child who was sick, before retiring to rest she placed a candle close to the bed. Next morning, as she did not appear, her sister sent a girl to inquire about the child, who noticed smoke issuing from "the keyhole. An alarm was given and a man entered the house by a window, and found mother and child wasting by a slow fire burning on the mattress. They were quite dead. There is a new scheme broached for-c.onnec.ting England with the Continent. This is nothing less than a railway, the piers or supports of which are to he of iron, hollow, and of various sizes, to correspond with the different depths of the sea. " The largest," says the inventor, " might perhaps be 200 feet high, the diameter at the base being 300 feet, and of the columns r4.siiig-frmn_tlie_hase,_G.0_feet. The smaller piers might possibly average about 50 feet in height, and ho made exactly like the larger ones, so far as the base is concerned. The piers, being hol'lAw, would, of course, float, and it is proposed that the required number of piers, after being con structed on land, should be floated to t.heir seve ral positions, and then sunk by being filled with water. The inventor further states that " when sunk they will naturally and of necessity remain firm and immnyable, and that the piers, being made perfectly smooth and round, would offer the least amount of resistance to the waves " A hold scheme this, my masters ! We wonder what the engineers will say to it. A man named William Cox, aged &2 years, a notorious miser, was recently discovered dead at his residence. For some time past the deceased occupied a room at a low rent in tho Model Lodg ing House.. Columbia square. Betlinal Greee. Me was found dead on the floor, bis bead in the | grate, where, however, there was no fire. On the tnble was some money, which he had appa rently been counting when seized with his death fit., His clothes were not worth a shilling and the stockings were sewed on his feet, and had literally grown into the flesh. He was in a state of emaciation. Deeds, leases, policies of insu rance, money, watches, and other property, to t.lie value of £0000 and £7000, were found lying about and concealed in the room. Amongst other articles, 17 coats, the same number of waistcoats, and 17 pairs of hoots, all nearly new, were found in the place. Two hundredweight of coals, which it is ascertained, were purchasod by him six months ego — doubtless because they were then cheap — were found nearly untouched. It was his habit during tlin severe weather to sit shivering in his room, and no one could induce him to allow a lire to be made. A large quantiy of food was also found in his room. A scene of a very unusual character lately took place in the streets of Lowestoft. It appears that Inst summer tbe accomplished daughter of a clerical gentleman eloped with an officer of the army, but was subsequently discovered and taken home by her friends. For some days past the officer fins been residing in Lowestoft, and while out walking one afternoon he encountered the object of his ( affections riding on horseback, and escorted by her reverend father, also mounted. He addressed the lady, and insisted upon doing so, in spite of the protestations of her father. The latter at length dismounted and rushed at the military gentleman, usingextremely unclerical language, aud generally acting like a lunatie. The young lady endeavoured to shield her lover as much as possible from the violence of her father, by wheeling her horse between them, but only partially succeeded, the officer receiving many severe kicks and blows, which be bore with the firmness of a stoic. At length tbe persons as sembled seized the infuriated clergyman, and 'prevented him inflicting further injuries on the gentleman, until the conversation between the lovers terminated. He was then let loose, and rode away with his daughter, the officer inti mating his intention of taking legal proceedings for the assault. The Liverpool Mercury tells tbe following story of the life of " Jenny Keeefe She was a woman of low birth, and about twenty -five years "ago she married the lion. Augustus Yalverton, who had previously had two wives, one a Spanish anil the other an Irish lady, and they had during the last twenty years lived in the Isle of Man, and were notorious for their depraved habits. They had been committed to prison at least one hundred times for drunken and disorderly conduct. The husband's children by his former wives had been' taken from him. He was allowed an ample income by his brother, Lord 'Avonmcre, but fhis was spent in drink as soon as received ; they had scarcely enough of rags to cover them. They had no home, and lived for the most part either in the streets or in prison. About two months ago the husband died in a low lodging-house in Liverpool, and since his death bis widow had been receiving an allowance through a Liverpool solicitor. Late on the night of 19th February she was heard "trolling out, in a voice husky with drink, tbe words of the song " True blue for ever and at 'two o'clock the following morning she was found lying in the filthy water of the gutter in one of the most miserable back streets of Douglas, frozen to death. Her only covering was a thin gauze frock that scarcely reached to her knees, an old pair of socks, and a thin pair of shoe3. The coroner's jury returned a verdict of " Death from exposure." The hon. Augustus Yelverton, her husband, was uncle 'to the well-known Major Yelverton. " A good deal of excitement,'' says the Zf/V- mintjham Post, " has been produced in Stone, by a somewhat mysterious discovery, tn a street leading out of the town resides a member of the medical profession, with bis wife ami family, and in the same house has lived for many years a maiden sister of the wife's, but she bad m>t been seen out of the house for ele.ven years. The re cent discovery of a concealed lunatic iti Cornwall ultimately led to an application to the magistrates for a warrant to investigate the circumstances, and a few days ago two magistrates and some police officers entered the lionse for tlmt purpose. They found the lady in a front upper room, sitting on a straw mattress, her limbs drawn close to gether, and her body loaning forward on them, with but little covering on her, and looking a3 il she hail been indifferently fed. The room was covered with dust, dirt, and cobwebs. Under the bedstead and even on the bed — or rather mat tress — were piles of dirty plates, altogether about forty, on wiiieh the occupant of the room had had .her meals served, and on which were bones, some of them yellow with age. She held a bone, which had beep polished by licking, tightly gripped in her hand, and was with difficulty induced to let it go. Her hair was matted, and a compact mass of it partially covered her face. Her toe-nails had grown to a length of abo,ut three inches, and were curled something iu the form of a ccrk-screw, with sharp points. It is said that the only way of reducing them to their proper proportions will be by sawing them. The finger-nails are not so had, the lady, no doubt, having kept them short by biting them. The strangest part of this strange story is that the lady herself is said to have chosen her retreat, and those who know her pe culiarities are disposed to place some amount of credence in the story. She appears to be about forty- eight years of age, and to have been all her life known by her relations as a person of ' queer' disposition, and exceedingly Unsociable and re served, and i3 said to have been ' crossed iu love ' in her younger day3. She lias been removed, and cleaned, aud comfortably clothed, and is, we learn, now being carefully attended to. It has been suggested that she is insane, but that doe3 not appear to be the case. A young lady, of about twenty years of age, the daughter of one of the first Edinburgh fami lies, eloped recently with a young shopman in a large establishment in Princes' street. The brother of the lady immediately followed them to Loudon, but found, on his arrival there, that they had departed for Paris. He pursued them to the gay capital, aud, aided by the authorities, discovered them in apartments in a fashionable hotel. Find ing that his sister would not come, lie threatened the guy Lothario with personal chastisemeut, but, in attempting it, he was knocked down. The noise brought up the proprietor and others of the'- hotel, who carried off the prostrate gentleman, and consigned him to the care of the commissary of police, who accommodated him with prison lodg ings, and from which, next day, he was only re leased through the" explanation of the young hus band, for it appears be had married the lady in Edinburgh one week before their departure. The lady has an ample fortune at her Own disposal, and it is said it was the iutentiou of her parents 'to wed her to an old gouty general, well-known to the community, and the proprietor of consider able estates. An address appears in the Dublin Nation, signed by -John Martin, one of the '43 heroes, ami who .is amongst the cleverest of that rebel band, on behalf of the " provisional committee of the Irish Natioual League," setting forth that the oh ject of that body " is to obtain the restoration of a separate and independent Irish Legislature and Government." Dublin is preparing to hold a second exhibition next year. It is proposed to embrace a double show of the products of human skill ; on tho one side, works of pure art, and on the other, works of industry. The matter has obtained the support of Lord Carlisle, and a great success is anticipated. The custom of employing ladies as clerks in the public departments at Washington is meeting with increased favour. It is said that, generally speaking, they write more correctly than ihe'hncti, and, as they receive much smaller salaries, the the gain to tdie Government is considerable. Mr, Lincoln lias ordered a draft of 500,000 more men, to serve for three years or more during thewar. Tiiis has quite taken the public by sur prise, and in order to gild the bitter pill it has been Industriously intimated that it is rendered necessary by the probability of war with England and France, of which there is not the slightest sign. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council has given a final sentence in the Essays and Re views case, and has caused a great sensation in theological circles. One may fairly say that it " liberalises" the Church to a singular extent. The Committee, through the Chancellor, establish the rule that a clergyman may be allowed to say that, though the Bible contains the Word of God, all that is in the book is not inspired, or even true, and also that he may be permitted to " hope" that there will be no everlasting punishment. The sentence was given by Lord Westbury with such evident pleasure that it has drawn upon liiui an epigrammatic epitaph which it is not necessary to give, though most people at the clubshave seen it — one line records his having " dismissed H ides with costs." One is not quite sure whether the Prince of "Wales, at a Guards'- dinner, did drink a particu larly unpleasant future to the Germans who are invading his wife's father's territories; but it seems most probable, as official journals are so emphatic in contradicting the story. I am sorry tn add that the distress of the amiable Princess at the state of things in Denmark is said to be most- painful, and that she can never speak of the sub ject without tears. Advices received from Santiago, via New York, state that the Chilian Government have decreed the entire demolition of the remains of the Church of Campania. About 1700 of the burnt bodies were recognised, and between 400 and 500 more were found to be beyond recognition. The United States Minister had sent a letter of con- dolence to tho Chilian Government, which had been replied to by the Foreign Secretary. All tho wealthy families of Chili reside in Santiago, and as there i3 little immigration nearly all the families are related to each other. A solemn service for the victims' of the catastrophe was about to be held in Lima, Peru. The Scotch papers report a discovery at King- horn, Fifeshire, of a large earthen jar containing no les3 than about 30 lb3 weight of old silver coins, chiefly coins of the English Edwards, but with some Scottish coins of Alexander III., John Baliol, Robert Bruce, and David II. intermixed. The latest date legible on any of the coins is 1375 ; the total number of coins is calculated (surely by exaggeration) at over 12,000. They are doubt less, relics of the period. of the English invasions of Scotland, and some oFt'lfem might even carry the imagination back to the time of the occupation of Scotland by the English under Edward I. The place of the discovery is also most suitable;, for it was at Kinghorn that there happened that fatal accident to the Scottish kingdom — the death of the Scottish king Alexander III. by a fall from his horse— which, by cutting off the direct suc cession to tho crown, led to the English inter ference and the Wallace and Biuce struggle. A crim. con. case, which excited much interert, has been settled without a trial, in the Court of Queen's Bench, Dublin. It was that of the Rev. T. Bennett against Count Ernest do LUsi. Mr. Bennett is a clergyman of the Established Church and tljn defendant (who is married to an elderly lady of considerable wealth) is son of a former Prussian ambassador at the English Court, and a naturalised Irishman. Mrs. Bennett i3 a woman of considerable personal attractions, an 1 belongs to a very respectable family in England. She is much younger than her injured husband, and it is said that it was while the count was on a visit to Mr. Bennett, in the country, that the unfortunate connection commenced. Her present whereabouts are not known to her relatives. At the sitting of the Court of Queen's Bench, when the case was called on, Mr. Whiteside said that the Count de Lusi was wilding to submit to a verdict for £1000 — the sum which the court had obliged him to lodge, some months since as security that he would defend the action. At that period, on the plaiutiff showing there was reasonable ground for believing the count was about to quit Ireland, in order to escape the action, a writ was issued against him, and he was only enlarged on plating the above sum in the hands of the court Counsel for Mr. Bennett in reply to Mr. Whiteside, said his client's first and primary object was to vindi cate his own character, by showing that lie was not in any way to blame for what had occurred; next, to prepare the way for ulterior proceedings in another court. Damages were no object to him. He would, therefore, ngrc-o on his behalf to the proposal of Mr. Whiteside, which would save the harrowing details of the case from being at present dragged prominently into light. In direction of the court jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, with £1000 damages and 0.1. costs. Serjeant Sullivan applied to his lordship that the money which had been lodged in court should be paid over immediately to the plaintiff. Mr. Whiteside, Q.C. : Oh yes, my lord, certainly. His Lordship: Take down a rule— verdict for the plaintiff on all the issues, £1000 damages and 0 1. costs. Both sides had the mpst able men at the bar engaged. The Memorial Diplomatique says " The rumours about the abdication of Queen Victoria are beginning to assume consistency. To her grief at the loss of her husband is now to be add ed that for the German-Danish conflict, which di vides the royal family iuto two hostile camps, and increases the confusion that already existed in the mind of the Queen. Lately, at a private council on the Danish question, the Queen declared that she would do nothing without consulting Prince Albert. She retired to her chamber. On re turning she said that the Prince had pronounced against the war. Other similar facts suggest the idea of establishing a regency ; and the increasing popularity of the Prince of Wales makes it likely he will be appointed to the post. Public opinion desires the Queen's abdication in his favour. The stay of the Prince of Wales at St. Leonard's, in stead of at Osborne, adds probability to the re ported division between the Queen and her chil dren." From Turin is the following: — "It is probable that Queen Victoria will abdicate, or that the Prince of Wales, who is inclined to assist Denmark, will he made Regent." A steam-rain nearly as big as the Hector, built for the Danish Government, has been launched on the Clyde. According to an annoucement of the Danish Consul- General in this city (Hamburgh, Feb. 25) Holstien and Sclilesivig ships carrying the Danish flag and Danish papers and signals will retain the rights of Danish ships. 