NEWS OF THE WEEK. We understand (says the Age) that the answer received from Mr cardwell, Secretary of State for the Colonies, in reply to the remon strance of the Legislature against a conti- nuance of transportation'to Western Australia for warded by the March mail, is to the effect that the decision of tho Imperial Government was ar rived at after a fall consideration of tho whole question, and of tho feelings-of the colonies on the subject. Mr Cardwell also expresses his regret that it had not been found possible to adopt, to tho full extent, tho views embodied in tho resolutions sent him* Very many of tho English papers support tho enti- transportahion views of tho Australian colo nists. The Hertfordshire Express says;—“No doubt the system of creating a horde of felons in tho colony is dangerous, and likely to become a source of scourge and terror to tho whole community, be cause, by the escape of prisoners there, and the mi gration of expirees, transportation to ono colony of Australia is, in fact, transportation to all; and it is therefore vain to suppose that, whilst the system is continued in operation, satisfaction or security will be folt throughout the colonies. Wo quite agree with tho principle of the league to appeal to British justice to relievo those colonies from , a system which must bo odious and degrading to the best interests and character of tho empire.” Tho present-political position in South Australia is thus described by tho Advertiser“ Wo repeat it—there must be an appeal to the country. The present political situation is hopeless. It is more than hopeless—it is disgraceful. No new combina tions wUl adjust the difficulties; no new Ministries can restore confidence. If such names ns Ayers, Stow, Hart, Blyth, Milne, foil to satisfy the com munity, it is because things have come to a dead lock, and Parliament is powerless. Parliament is powerless. - It has sunk under the rule of cliquoism. It is in the pocket of tho Speaker, and tho Assembly is already rebelling against it. The colony is not ruled ou constitutional principles. It is ruled by tho Speaker, or by the ‘ club,’ or by tbo weekly whist party, or by bank directors. These are the true sources of government; and it is well known i members of Parliament ore tbo more puppets of a few-moneyed men, or, rather, of a few men who have great dehit oolances at their bankers, and who pull hard at the wires because they are deeply in debt. Mr Andrews, with withering sarcasm, put it on Friday— there are whisperers —men who work in secret, men who think themselves tbo lords and rulers of society, men who arrogate to themselves to determine what shall be and what shall not be, men who would trample the Constitution under foot if they dared, and whose aim is, by circuitous methods, to undermine in tho dark what they dare not assail openly. The public will, as that gentleman said, hold these whisperers responsible.” At tho date of the departure of the last mail, tho ship Merchantman wag at Portsmouth, taking on board convicts for Australia. Amongst tho prisoners who will be taken by this ship is tho notorious Wil liam Roupell, the forger, and ex-M,P. In ( a letter to the Editor of tho Age, dated Sheerness, 2-lth June, Lieut. Saxby thus explains his Weather System ; — “ My predictions are founded solely upon tho Newtonian theory of gra vitation —which for public convenience wo may call attraction. As an example, if tho moon attract the fluids of the earth (we see that it influences the tides), and if tho sun does the same, it must be evident, to even the unlearned, that the nearer these bodies are at times to the earth tho stronger must bo their power of attraction, which, moreover, will be still further increased when tho attractions of tho gnu and moon both operate in the same line of direction. Now, this is simply my ‘Lunar’ theory; or, if any ono prefers calling it ‘ Luni flohr', let him do so; but the discovery of tho appreciabUily of such influences no ono can, with out absolute fraud, take from mo,” Mr G. Y. Brooke, the tragedian, is on his lost legs, in no metaphorical sense, we should imagine.. Ihe gold and silver plate, presented at various times to this gentleman by his admirers, was disposed of by auction, in London, on the 8th of Jane last. Tho whole realised about £300. A paragraph has been going the rounds of the English papers to the effect that Mr C. Kean has mfade the magnificenteum of £11,000, during a twenty six weeks’ professional tour in Australia. Wo take leave to doubt the fact. Another paragraph which has been going the rounds of the English papers is as follows:—“All! the members of the Australian Executive Council have been authorised to attach * Honorable ’ to thoir names.” What hazy notions about Australian affairs in general, and Australian geography in particular, they most have in England, to be sure. The London Review of the 25th Jane says :— 11 One of the most interesting discoveries that have been made in natural history for many years was recorded at the meeting of the Linnsoan Society, on Thursday week last. A perfect skeleton of tho Dinornis, or Moa, has been found by a party of miners in New Zealand. This huge bird, of which no living specimen has yet boon seen by Europeans, has hitherto been regarded as extinct, its former existence having been demonstrated by the presence of gigantic bones, met with in various parts of tho islands. Up to the present no complete skeleton was seen, but now we have been supplied with tho entire series of bones of one individual. Some of the bones were exhibited to the fellows of the Lin ncean Society, most interesting. The femur is of enormous size, and, strange to say, the ligaments connected with its head are in such perfect preservation that tho specimen appears to bo quite recent. From this circumstance, it is evident that.the bird to which it belonged cannot be long dead; for bad the bone been exposed to such a climate as that of New Zealand for even fifty years, the easily- decom posed tissue of the ligaments must inevitably have undergone destruction. Professor Huxley, who exam ined tho femur, declared that, from tbo appearance of the ligamentous structures and his own experience of tho New Zealand atmosphere, he felt inclined to think the bird itself had been in existence ten years ago. The moa is a bird of the ostrich order, and must have reached a height of from ten to fourteen feet. The Maorics insist that the creature is still living, and the bushraen assert that they have seen it pass thoir camp fires. We have, therefore, every reason to hope that a living specimen may yet bo observed and captured, and that this relic of an almost bygone race may not bo classed in tbo same category as tho dodo, which is only knowr* to U3 hy two BoUtarys'emoRute’-ft head leg*’’ Some banknotes have recently made their appear ance, which have been subjected to a carious process of manipulation. They have been split into equal Halves, aud the back halves of five pound notes have been found pasted to the front halves of one pound notes, thus giving the latter, on a partial view, the appearance of tbo former. The object of this dexterous experiment remains to bo seen, for, strange to say, although these one pound notes have thus given to them tho appearance of live pound notes, no attempt appears as yet to have been made to put them into circulation. The following rewards have been granted to tho undermentioned police officers for special services: —To detective Ist class Simon O’Neil, detective 3rd Thiniel White, and senior constable George ilitcholl, the sum of £2 each, in acknowledgment of them oxportness shown in the arrest and prosecu tion of Andrew Barry, Francis Smith, and Thomas Baker, tho two former sentenced to 5 years’ im prisonment with hard labor. To constable John Balfour, at Melbourne, the sum .of £5, in acknow- Icagment of his attention shown in the arrest of John M‘Millau, for having illegal spirits in his pos session. To detective Ist class Charles Black, the sum of £2, in acknowledgment of his dexterity shown in tho arrest of Richard Woollej, for fdr 80n*or constable Peter O’Shannassy, at Point Nepean, tho sum of £2 10s, in acknowledg ment of his zeal and attention in tho prosecution of. one Burrell for illegal slaughtering. Sixteen persons were discharged from the penal department last week, the majority of whom had been confined for minor offences. No tickets-of leave were granted. By the Hero, which arrived in Hobson’s Bay, on Monday, with 90 passengers and 56G8 ozof gold, we have our dates from Otago to the 9th, Lyttelton to the -Ith, and Wellington to tho 4th iust. The Otago Daily Times of the 9th says “We hear that tho Assembly, after all, is hot likely to moot till February, unless some pressing occasion should arise to alter tho present determination of the Go vernment. It will bo convened to meet at Ohrist chuich, unless the commissioners appointed to select tho seat of Government give in their decision in favor of Nelson, or Wellington, before that time. At either of these places there are chambers erected, suitable for the Assembly to meet in, so that in the event of tho decision being made the Government will bo enabled to give it immediate effect. His Excellency tho Governor, who intends being a large contributor to the exhibition, is coming down to open it, after which he will visit the gold-fields. The t beginning of next year will bo quite a gala tipio for the Middle Island; besides the exhibition, there will bo tbo Canterbury Champion Races. The hotel accommodation of Dunedin and Christchurch is likely to be well tested.” Valparaiso papers to the 7th of May are acknow ledged by the Otago Times. Our contemporary summarises the news ns follows;—“Tho Mercuric del Papcz of that date mentions that the seizure of the Chiucha Islands by the Spanish authorities had caused considerable excitement, and tho Chilian Go vernment sympathised strongly with Peru on the question. A garrison had boon placed on the Chinchas by tho Spanish Admiral, and the port of Payta. on tho Peruvian cost, was held as a place of rendezvous. These steps had been token with out any declaration of war, aud tho proceedings of tho Spanish officials were causing strong excite ment. The news of the scanty harvest in Austra lia had given great hnpehts to the Hour trade, trausaptions to the amount of 150,000 dollars in one day having taken place.” , We learn that, on Tuesday last, Messrs Gideon S. Lang and J, J. Phelps, two of the commissioners appointed by the Riverine Council to endeavor to adjust tho difference as to the duties between the Governments of Victoria and Now South Wales, had an interview, by appointment, with Mr M‘Culloch, when they urged the Riverine view of the question. They stated that, in tho event of tho duties being enforced on goods crossing tbo Murray from Victoria into Riverina, great loss would result, not only to tho inhabitants of Riverina, but to Victoria also. To tho former, from their being compelled thereby to procure the dutiable goods from Adelaide, at a great additional cost, and to the latter in the loss of the great and daily increasing trade which Melbourne maintains with* Riverina ; and that, as the improve ment of tho Riverine country was for tho direct and immediate benefit of Melbourne, they submitted that a solution of the question satisfactory to all parties would bo, that a board or corporation for tho im provement of the navigation and roads of tho Rive rine country should be established, appointed by the’ two Governments or otherwise, and that these duties, or their estimated amount, should be handed over to this board by the Victorian Government, Mr M‘Culloch expressed a strong desire to have the question settled, and a belief that, if gone into in a proper spirit, an arrangement might easily be made satisfactory to all parlies, and that, when tbo ques tion of tho navigation of tho Murray was arranged, he would bo prepared at once to submit such a pro position to tho Now South Wales Government. The condition of affairs at Marlborough, N.Z., tho scone of tho late gold discoveries, does not ap pear to be very encouraging. The Press, of tho 27th ult., says :—“ An order has boon issued from the Government buildings that, from last Monday, unskilled labor employed upon tho public roads is only to bo paid for at tho rate of live shillings per day ; and that, on and after tho Bth August, this scale of remuneration will bo further reduced to four shillings per day. In other words, men, for the next week or two, are to receive a wage upon which they can barely subsist, and then are to he reduced to a point at which, if nothing better bcfals them, they must either starve or bo brought to tho verge of utter destitution. There is no other aspect in which such a painful matter may bo viewed.” We learn that within the last few days the works on the railway beyond the Rochester bridge have been completed to within about eight miles of Echuca, tho ballast trucks and engine going to that point on tho line. Tho Bendigo Advertiser says “It is expected that, if tho weather is at all favorable, the entire line will bo finished to Echuca in about five weeks.” Wo understand that at a meeting of tho Melbourne bakers, held on Saturday lust, a resolution was passed that, in consequence of the decline in flour,j the four pound loaf should bo reduced to lOd. There appears to bo a very serious misunder standing between Sir George Grey and his respon sible advisers, Tho Taranaki correspondent of the Otago Daily Times, writing on tho 28th alt., says : —“ It is reported that the General, with reinforce ments, will arrive at Taranaki during tho ensuing week, TjWs way be the owe, provided too dis* turbanco between the Governor and his Ministers does not.check proceedings. Tho report hero is to the effect that Sir George Grey had sent for tho. Ministers, to whom ho presented tho conditions of ponce to bo offered to tho natives ; they at once re fused to ratify them, on which Sir George coolly stated that ho was about to loavo Auckland for three days, when, on his return, if the Ministers still persisted to oppose his wishes, it was. his intention of at once sending home four regiments ; all this quibbling tends not only to disturb tho native mind, but to check all endeavors that might be made by the settlers towards re-ostablishing themselves .on their forms.” Some very pertinent remarks, bearing on the relations existing between masters and servants, were made by Captain Harrison, P. M., at tbo Caalleniaiuo police court, on Saturday last. The M. A. Mail says ;—“ A farm servant sued his master in tho police court, for the recovery of money earned as hired servant, and tho debt was resisted on the ground of the plaintiff’s absenting himself without loavo and otherwise misconducting himself. Captain Harrison remarked that it did not look woll for a master, when sued by Iris servant for tho recovery of wages, ' to rake up for tho past six or seven mouths any charges of misconduct ho might have had from time to timeagainsthim, and to tell him, ‘ You wore away this day and away that day without leave.’ Tho propter course for tho master to pursue was to bring tho charges of misconduct against tho servant at tho time of their commission ; or, if ho' did not do this, ho should enter tho charges in a book and got them initialed by the servant. If this were done, it might bo accepted as a legal defence to an action for tho recovery of wages ; but, by re ceiving back a servant after his alleged misconduct, the offence was condoned.” The formal dedication of St. Andrew’s Presby terian Church, Sturt street, Ballaarat, took place, on Sunday lost, when three suitable sermons wore preached—those in tho morning and evening by tho Rev. Dr. Cairns, of Melbourne; and that in tho afternoon by the Rev. W. Henderson, tho pastor of the New Church. Collections were made at the conclusion of tho throe services, and tho gross result was about £l2O. A meeting of tho subscribers to the Fitzroy Dow ling and Grut Fund was held on Monday, at tho town hall, Fitzroy, tho hon. Henry Miller in the chair. In accordance with advertisement, the question to bo decided was as to tho.form in which tho fund should bo made available as a testimonial; and it was moved by Mr Barker, and seconded by Mr Rushall—“ That the net amount subscribed be divided among the Messrs Dowling and Mr Grut, in equal proportions, to bo presented in tho shape of a purse of sovereigns.” This was carried after some discussion, Mr Scotchmero proposing, as an amend ment, that the money should bo invested in “heir looms.” Tho mayor of Fitzroy moved, and Mr Kidney seconded, “ That tho presentation bo made by the hon. H. Miller, on behalf of the subscribers, at tho court house, Fitzroy, on Thursday, 18th August, at half-past seven p.m.” This was agreed to, and tho business of tbo meeting then con cluded. On tho return of a party of police to Gnndagai, after an unsuccessful trip to the ranges after Mor gan, they brought as a prisoner, a man named Edson, who had been a mailman, and had expressed his admiration of Morgan, by assaulting and abus ing a man named Goldspink, who had aided the police in their search after that bushranger. The magistrate, in committing the prisoner, said : “ John Edson, you have been charged with assault ing James Goldspink; had that assault been con fined to a blow, a small fine would suffice' to meet tho ends of justice, but it was not. The remarks you made are, to my mind, of far more important and serious a character. You find fault with a man for rendering service to tho police in endeavoring to capture a murderer; one who made a house deso late and deprived society of a good public servant; instead of sympathising with the bereaved and assist ing tho police, you have acted directly the opposite. Your conduct as a man entrusted with her Majesty’s mails—and one who should put down such remarks instead of making use of them—is such that it, in my opinion, deserves severe punishment. I have, therefore, made up my mind to send you to take your trial before a jury of your country, who will best judge of your conduct.” The Swan Hill correspondent of tho Inglewood Advertiser says:—“ Quite a revolution has taken place here since Messrs M‘Lemma and Taylor took out a grocer’s license and commenced tho sale of bottles. You can now buy a bottle of gin for os, which before was charged 15a by the publicans ; and other things proportionately cheap. Mine host must come down in spite of his assertion that Is a nobbier is starva tion price.” We observe from our files that Mr Strutt’s cele brated picture of “ Black Thursday” formed one of the principal attractions at an exhibition of pictures, which was opened in London, in aid of the fund for tho relief of the widows and orphans of the Danish soldiers who had fallen, in buttle. Professor Irving gave a lecture on Monday, in Erskinc Chnroh, Carlton, on “ Christopher North, in his moral philosophy class-room, his editorial chair, and his shooting jacket,” being the concluding lecture of the series “On Scotland, and some of its celebrities.” It was, as might bo expected, an eloquent sketch of tho career of tho great critic, pro fessor and poet, interspersed with illustrative pas sages from his writings, and was highly appreciated by tho auditors, who seemed to have congregated in oven larger numbers than on any of the l former occasions. Tho result of tho course must bo highly gratifying both to the lecturers and to all who are interested in the object for which they wore de livered. A return, showing tho number of nominees sent for from the United Kingdom, by persons resident in Victoria, under tho assisted immigration regula tions, from 20th June, 18G3, to 25th .July, 1864, is published in last night’s Government Gazette. Tho total number of souls scut for was 7291, of whom 2123 are English, 700 Scotch, and 4402 Irish. Of tho English, ,918 are males, and 1205 are females ; of tho Scotch, 346 are males, and 420 are females ; and of tho Irish, 1850 are moles, and 2546 are females. Tho Melbourne correspondent of tho Ballaarat Star supplies tho following curious piece of informa tion to that journal:—“ A rather novel company is reported to have been organised, and among tho promoters are several of tho liberal members of tho Assembly. Tho object is to occupy under the froo selection clauses of the Now South Wales Laud Act tho whole of Mr O’Shanaßsy’s run opposite tho flobaoa pad q{ tb_9 Yitforum 'd'bp stoUpb ■ ns n °t a frontage to the Murray as is generally supposed, but is about eight miles from the banks of the river, between which and the station there are about six or eight miles of box-tree scrub. The cal culation of these novel and retributive speculators is as follows ;—That 100 selectors can take each a 320-acro allotment, by paying down £BO each, and hold them, by paying 6 per cent, per annum, as long as they like ; that these allotments can bo taken up conterminous to each other, and will make together 32,000 acres. These selectors are also entitled each to 900 acres of grazing right, malting among tho one hundred 96,000 acres, or a gross total of 128,000 acres, for which all that will have been paid is £BOOO. The scheme looks pretty on paper, and is a species of democratic revenge on Mr O’Shanassy for residing freo selection in Victoria. There is, however, room for a trifling hitch in the whole business. It has been ruled that selectors have not tho right of im pounding off their grazing rights, and it must not bo forgotten that there is nothing in tho net to prevent tho grazing rights of tho adventurous hundred being selected by outsiders for agricultural purposes at any moment.” From returns published in Tuesday’s Government Gazette, it appears that, during the month of July last, there was a not increase to tho population of tho colony, caused by tho excess of arrivals over de partures, of 2158; tho former numbering 3019, of whom 3168 landed in Melbourne, and 1 in Geelong; and tho latter, 1191. The arrivals from Now Zea land numbered 562, as against 191 departures ; and, from the United Kingdom, tho arrivals wore 2128, as against 211 departures. An adjourned meeting of slaveholders in tbo Cumdon Harbor Pastoral Association, who had paid their deposits, was hold on Tuesday, in Hockin’s Hotel, for tbo purpose of electing a managing com mittee. There being only about twonty-livo share holders present, it was thought advisable to post pone tbo election of as permanent committee, which will take place when the share list has been increased. Tho following gentlemen wore, how ever, elected as a provisional committee, with power to add to their number, on tho motion of Mr E. Greaves, seconded by Mr C. Mnstey:—T. W. Sel lars, J. H. Wood, C. S. Aillock, T. C. Murray, C. Autard, Albert Mattiuglcy, W. Harvey, Samuel Hartand J. Meadon. By the City of Hobart wo haye our files from Otago, Now Zealand, to the 10th inst. Tho only intelligence of interest relates to tho flooding of tho Molyncnx, and the general exodus of tho minora from the Dunstan. Tho correspondent of the Otago Times, writing on the 8 th inst., says;—“ Shortlyafter daylight the river commenced rapidly to rise, and by sundown it had risen fully ten foot, at which time tho Hood was at its highest. During tho whole of that and tho next day there was a general clear out of tho diggers—everywhere tents were being packed up, while tho roads leading toward tho lower diggings were lined with tho retreating crowd, which presented some curions motley groups, as tho strings of pnekhorses with their loads of tools passed along, looking like so many animate “ Johnny All sorts,” followed by long strings of diggers bringing up tho rear, carrying tent-polos and other articles not suited to tho pack saddle, together with a good sprinkling of unfortunates who had to become their own beasts of burthen. Tho loss of population will doubtless very injuriously affect the commercial interests of the district, for,considering the number that have been disappointed in their golden anticipations after shepherding claims for so many long months, the rushes to the banks of the Molyncnx may bo said to bo for over over. Of course there will always bo a very largo amount of gold taken out when the river is low, and that for many years to come, but that will bo by the people on tie spot, for no more will come from a distance, lot tho tide fall ever so low.” Tho Manuherikia cor respondent of tho samo journal says :—“ Tho floods of Friday last have done considerable damage to tho mining interests, as well as having destroyed a largo amount of property. As at tho Dunstan, there has been a great clear out from tbo banks of tho river of those having claims on low lying beaches. Tho claimholdors at tbo Frenchman’s, Half-mile and Junction, remain in hopes of being able to got to work again. Of course all tho claims at these throe places wore swamped oat, and the extensive excava tions were silted up with tho dehris of tho Hood. It will take a considerable lime to render them again workable.” Onr dates from South Australia aro to tho 13lh instant. Tho Government Gazette of tho 11th August contains tho now regulations for pro viding security for tho faithful discharge by Govern ment officers of their duties. These regulations apply to all Government officers required to find security, except tho Agent-General of South Austra lia, tho officers in tho Customs department not in actual receipt of revenue, and any person in tho em ploy of the Government required to find security under £IOO, or to whom tho old regulations will still apply. As to all other officers pow or horoaftor be longing to the service, tho new regulations, which oi-o imperative, require them, within three months of tho 11th August, 1861, to “ procure from tho Colonial Insurance Company (Melbourne), or tho Australian Alliance Assurance Company (Melbourne), a policy for tho faithful discharge of their duties to the amouutfor which their present sureties aro bound, and to renew such policy from year to year so long as they shall continue in tho employ of tho Govern ment, ami bo required to find such security. Tho premiums of insurance will bo paid by Government, and any bonus or return of premium allowed by tho. Insurance Company will become tho property of tho Government, and tho officer receiving tho same shall have to account therefore, unless ho shall avail him self of tho advantages offered by tho company to thoso who unite life assurance with that of guarantee assur ance, in which case tho benefit of such bonus or re turn premium will accrue to tho officer." But be sides tho policy it is also provided that “ every officer shall enter into his personal of fidelity for tho same amount ns he is now required to make himself personally liable for.” Upon tho policy and bond being delivered to Govern meat tbo present sureties of tbo officers to whom tho regulations apply will bo released from their liability for any defalcations which may take place after tbo now bond and policy have boon furnished, Tuesday’s Bnlluarat Post says : “A most painful occurrence took place this morning in Skiptou street, which caused a deal of excitement and regret throughout tho southern portion of tho town. Tho circujnstaneca of tho case appear to bo, as nearly discover, as follows. Matthew CJorbott, a .tyell-known shareholder in the Great Extended Chiim, has boon for some years residing I with his brother in a primeval digger’s hut in tho | ftbovQ'muaod street* A few weeks sge the brother ‘got married, and since that time Matthew has boon noticed to have Mien into ft state of nervous insen sibility. About ft month ago, ho had all his beard and whiskers shaved off, and on being asked the reason for his doing so, ho replied that it was ‘ bolter thftt ho should go clean to God,' No par ticular notice was taken of this and other eccentric notions, which have since been remembered, and up to this morning there appeared to, bo nothing to in dicate that he was insane. Ho got up as usual this morning, kindled a fire and put on the billy to make tea for his breakfast. Ho then wont out to the wood heap, took off his coat, and, laying his loft arm on ft block, seized an axe with the right, and deli berately chopped off his arm at tho elbow! Ho then walked across tho street to tho house of a male and, calling him outside, shouted out that ho had lost his arm. Before his mate could reach him ho had fallen, through loss of blood. Ho was immediately removed to tho hospital whore all proper attention was paid him. Upon inquiry this afternoon, onr re porter was told that ho was as well as could bo ex pected, but that amputation of a portion of tho stump had boon considered necessary. ” It appears that gold mining is being pursued with some profit in Wales. A late number of the Car narvon and Denbigh Herald, received by tho mail, says: —“A company from Carnarvon have opened n gold and silver mine near Dolgolly, in a lino with Bala and Clogau Minos, and tho result of tho lost assay is upwards of 21 oz of silver and 15 dwt of fine gold to 1 ton of 20 cwt of the quartz, &c.;, with every prospect of a steady increase in tho gold and silver.” “ Oastoll Guru Dochan Gold Mine, Bala. —Last week, out of 2 k cwt of sorted quartz, 13 oz of fine gold were obtained." Mr Wills, the father of tho late explorer of that name, is reported to have spoken, at tho inaugura tion of tho monument to his sou atTolness, in Juno last, as follows ;—“ It was difficult to say whether ho Should now bo esteemed one of tho proudest or tho most miserable of men—to have a son so en dowed as his noble boy, und,yot to have lost him so early, or to have his name handed down to posterity by that lasting and proud memorial in his native town, and on those plains where it was his delight in childhood to join with other boys in different games and sports ; and yet that ho should have perished so miserably, having achieved a nobio triumph, and be lost by faults not his own. He could not, or did not wish to refer to the ca tastrophe, but to two or three contemptible Ger mans, to whom—Heaven knows by what means they got into the expedition—might be mainly attributed the misfortune. There was one agreeable duty left him to perform, and that was, on behalf of him self and family, to thunk tho .mayor, gentlemen of the committee, and all tho subscribers to tho monu ment, for tho proceedings of that day. It could not be otherwise than a source of pride to them all that his son had so well deserved the praise of his town, county and country. There had boon sub scribers to the monument from various parts, and there was one whom he particularly wished to men tion, and that was the widow of the late gallant Sir John Franklin. (Hoar.) Notwithstanding her re duced means, through having fitted out an expedi tion for the search for her husband and his com rades, she contributed towards the erection of the monument in honor of his son, whoso cousin was a lieutenant on board the Erebns, one of tho ill-fated expedition to tho North Polo. Ho begged again to return them his most sincere thanks for tho pro ceedings of that day.” At the Geelong Insolvent Court, on Tuesday, the certificate of Messrs Forster and Carr, auctioneers, Geelong, was refused, and the insolvents were hound over to appear before the Supreme Court, to answer a charge of fraudulent insolvency, should such bo brought against them upon several of tho allegations sot forth by tho Union Bank, tho opposing creditor. The amount due to the bank is £550. Tho public will be glad to learn that steps have ■ already been taken by the Cabinet to meet tho action of tho Imperial Government in the matter of transportation. By tho outgoing mail notice will be sent to tho Imperial authorities, that the mail contract will bo terminated at the end of six months, unless tho steamers cease to call at West Australian ports. In addition to this, circulars have been ad dressed to tho other Colonial Governments inviting a conference, to consider and adopt a united scheme of action. A case of housebreaking is reported to the police as having occurred at Carlton, Wednesday morning; the premises of .Margaret Tomer, 6 Madeline street, having been broken into, and a largo qnantity of boots of various sorts and sizes carried off, Tho complainant states that she was awakened about half-past two o’clock by a noise in tho shop. She did not then got up, but did so soon after, when she observed that one of the shutters had been taken off tho window and a pane of glass broken. Seeing a boot lying outside on tho footpath, she looked over the stock and found that a large number of boots had been removed. A meeting of tho council of the Anti-Transporta-' tion League was held Wednesday, at which the sub etaoce of tho answer of tho Secretary of State to the remonstrances sent homo by the Legislature, in March last, was read. After considerable discus sion as to the course that should now be adopted, the following resolution was agreed to :—“ That tho Council of tho Anti-Transportation League, having bad under its consideration tho final answer of the Colonial Secretary of State in reference to trans portation to Western Australia, ns communicated in the letter of Mr M'Culloch, on tho 13th inst., resolve to wait in a deputation on the Chief Secre tary to urge on him tho necessity of immediate and. earnest action on tho part of tho Government.” What will bo the effect of tho increased postage rates from England to Australia is clearly shown in a letter to tho London Daily Telegraph, of 27th June. The letter is dated Chesterton, Cambridge, 24th Jane, and is as follows:—“ When we country folks are in trouble, we turn to you ; and very often a grievance is redressed or prevented by one of your sensible and influential articles. It seems that the rates of postage have been raised to Aus tralia, since the last monthly departure, in a most arbitrary manner, and to a very large amount, as follows :—Up to the half-ounce, via Marseilles, from lOd to Is 4d; and via Southampton (the poor man’s port), from 6d to Is ; just double.' This arrange ment is to come into operation from and after the 1st of July. There are, in the largo village where I live, a number of people with relatives in Aus tralia, and, at some considerable sacrifice, they spare a monthly sixpence to correspond with them. In most cases, this is the only link remaining to connect .them in this world; they will never meet again, in nil human probability. The imposition of a double postage in their cases is most cruel ana most impolitic. They say, is this one of a series of changes about to be mudo in consequence of the retirement of the poor man’s friend, Sir Rowland Hill ? Is our penny postage also in jeopardy V To whom are wo indebted for this not of oppres-' sion ? and for what reason ? Is it not contrary to all our recent experience in reducing tariffs ? You may roly upon it that if the idea is to increase the revenue by doubling the tax, the contrary will bo the result. You see an increasing agitation in the colonies (in Australia) for a fortnightly postal com mumeutiou with England ; hut instead of this, a largo majority of those who now write once a month will only write once in two or three months, in order to recoup themselves for the double rate of postage, I send generally by Marseilles to the colonics, and I don’t much consider the increased postage ; but I speak in the name of a largo and deserving class of correspondents, who have no other way of making known what they feel to bo a groat grievance.” An adjourned second meeting in the estate of Er nest Meyer was hold in the Geelong Insolvent Court,, on Tuesday last. It will bo remembered that at a former meeting in this estate some rather extraordinary revolutions wore made as to the course said to have been pursued by Mr Cochrane, of the firm of Dunn and Co., of Ballaarat, creditors of the insolvent with reference to the estate. On Tuesday an atlompt'was made by Mr M'Dormott, on behalf of this firm, to ro-opon tbo matter with the view of offering some explanation. The Commissioner ruled that tliis could not he done .us the matter was not properly before the court. • the conclusion of the case, however, the Ballaarat Star says :—“ Mr Web ster, official assignee, observed that Messrs Bunn and Co,, and other gentlemen from Ballaarat, had apparently been in error as to the real meanihg of the remarks which had been previously made upon the case. It was not, ho considered, intended to throw any imputations upon the character of Messrs Dunn and Co.; but the remarks which had boon made merely applied to the legal aspect of the case as then presented before the court. His Honor ex plained that, in his remarks during the last hearing of the cose, he certainly had no intention to cast any improper imputation upon the firm of Messrs Dunn and Co. His words wore meant to have applied only to the appearance of the case as it was then pre sented to him. It was its legal bearing ho alluded to at the time, and ho only judged of it so for as the evidence then enabled him.” About nine o’clock Wednesday morning, the con stable on duty in the Richmond Paddock was passing along the back of Jolimont, when ho come upon a quantity of clothing, consisting of an Inverness capo, a light colored hat, and a dark tweed coat, lying there, at a spot about three hundred yards from the river. Ho searched the clothes, and in ono of the pockets of the coat found a letter dated from “ Wood ley,” addressed to “ Mr Thomas Pownall, Castlo maine;” the writer being the sister of tho party whose address it boro. ' The constable conveyed the clothes to head-quarters, and, having reported tho circum stance to his superior officer, an investigation into tho circumstances followed, but up to a lato hour lost night no clue to tho mystery had been obtained, al though it is feared an accident or something worse has befallen the owner of tho found garments. 