MI fi ' I / ARRIVAL j* it OF THE AUGUST MAIL < i FROM EUROPE. 1 ' » The Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany's steamship Madras, Captain Farquhar, with the August mails from England, arrived in Hobson's Bay about half-past six oclock last evening. The Madras left Gallo on the 19th Sep- tember, and encountered unfavourable weather tliroughout her passage. The following are the letters of our London Correspondent : LONDON, AUG. 20. The " gigantic gooseberry " season, so well known to the caterers for the press, has set in with extraordinary severity. An unprofit- able seDBion has been closed by a Royal speech which nobody cared to read. Peers and Com- moners have joyously cast off the Parliamen- tary collar ; Boyalty is taking ita ease ; and the reprieved Ministry, forgetful of its re- cent terrors, is chattering jauntily about the proud and prosperous condition of the country. A few weeks ago, the excitement and .bustle which precede a general election were perceptible throughout tiro lnad ; bat all dread of such an event having been extin- guished by the defoat of the Opposition, the sounds of electoral conflict are dying away, and constituencies and representativos alike are giving themselves np to the blandish- ments of the season. Politics have made way for pleasure ; hard labour is exchanged for recreation and rest. Owing to the splendour of the weather, never before, perhaps, were such multitudes to beseen roaming mountain, moor, lake, and river, in search of health or enjoyment. Seaaido and country, at home and abroad, teem with the outflowing popu- lations of our sultry cities and large towns. Regattas, yachting, cricketing, bathing, fish- ing, and shooting aro offering their attrac- tions to their respective votaries. Under such circumstances, the month's annals aro neces- sarily unfruitful of stirring incidents and momentous events. Murders, suicides, and railway casualities are unfortunately only too plentiful ; but, except when these tragedies happen to bo invested with features of peculiar horror or mystery, they would scarcely excite interest at tho antipodes. THE RAILWAY-CARRIAGE MURDER. Among such exceptional crimes may be mentioned the murder of Mr. Briggs, on the North London Hallway, particulars of which were forwarded by tho last mail. No fresh disclosures of importance novo been made. An adjourned inquest was held on the 8th inst,, when several witnesses with whom Muller had been in company at frequent in- tervals just previous to his departure from England, were examined respecting his movements, and the disposal of the plunder stolen from the murdered man. Two of the women, one of them being Muller's landlady, fenced and equivocated a great deal, as though resolved not to give any information calcu- lated to implicate the accused. The evidence, although purely circumstantial, seems to most minds conclusivo as to his guilt ; but as there are Eome few points in favour of his possible innocence, we may expect the most to be made of them at tho trial. An attempt will bo made to establish an alibi. The German Legal Protection Society of London are en i deavouriog to ascertain what wero the pre- cise movements of Franz Muller on the day of the murder, their object being to show, it possible, that he was not on the railway at the time of tho murder, and that conse- quently he could have no connoxlon with that dreadful tragedy. No tidings have yet reached us of the capture of the sus- pected criminal, and a week or ten days more will probably elapse before any news on the subject will arrive from America. On tho eleveth day afterftho Victoria badi eft London, she hod only got about sixty miles south-west of Oape Clear, where BOB was spoken by the Moss Rose. At that very time the City of Cork, Bteamer, with Inspector Kerressey on board, had passed the Victoria on its mission of justice. THE PERILS OF RAILWAY TRAVEL- LING. Close upon the heels of the Hackuoy atro- city, and the two railway outrages on females, has come another fearful illustration of the perils of railway travelling under tho exist- ing system of passenger helplessness. This fresh catst, occurred on the Great Northern line, in tho usual night train to Edinburgh. About three weeks ago, five persons left King's Cross Station in one compartment of one of the carriages. Just as tho train was starting, the guard (against their wish) thrust in a sixth passenger-a tall, strongly-built man, dressed os a sailor, and having a wild and haggard look. The impres- sion he madoon his fellow-passengers, at first glance, was that he was intoxicated ; but before long, they had painful reason to believe that ho was Buffering from delirium tremens. The train had hardly got upon its way when he started up, declared^ he had been robbed, and began to rush about the carriage, uttering the most frightful shrieks and imprecations. For a time, his companions took no notico of him: by and by, they tried to pacify him ; but as ho becamo more and more violent, dashing up and down the carriage, and striking out right and left, they saw that their only chance of safoty lay in nBing force. Luckily they were more than a match for him, but it was all that four of them could do to keep him from throwing himself out of the window in his endeavour to break from them. One of the party bad a strap, and with that they tied his handB bebind him, at the same time taking his knife from him; but even then his struggles were so violent that it took two of'them to hold him down on the seat, ,and they were not Bafe until they had fastened his legs together with their handker- chiefs. Bound hand and foot he still struggled, and if the strap, which was not a strong one, had given way, thero is LO saying what the rcsnlt of this journey to Edin burgh might have been. One of the pas- sengers was an elderly gcntlomam, too much terrified to render assistance; auother, who had struggled with the maniac, was in a fainting st ato; and the train had to run from London to Peterbro', a distance of nearly eighty miles, without stopping. Under these circumstances, the parties aid what they could to attract the attention of the guard, but in vain. The passengers in the neigh ; bouring carriages heard what was going on ; i men shouted, women screamed ; every effort tbat either could make to attract attention was made ; and, in fact, the officials, at one of the stations Baw that something wai Wrong, end Bhowcd the danger signals. The bain began to Blacken its pace, and the pas- sengers thought the hour of their deliverance was at band : hut no sooner wero tho danger lights passed than the train tore away at its old pace, and it was not till Peterbro' was reached that the maniac was removed from the carriage, In the midst of the public Indignation and alarm excited by these repeated illustrations of the insecurity of travelling on any of our English railwayp, the Board of Trade did sufficiently arouse themselves from I their stolid apathy to issue certain recom- mendations to railway companies, with a view to the safety and confidence of pas- sengers. One mode suggested is to in- troduce windows between the compartments of carriages ; a second, the construction bf foot- boards and hand-rails the full length of the train ; and a third, the use of a cord, to enable the guard to arrest the attention of the engine-driver. Tho combination of these three measures would fully meet the difficulty ; and if the Board of Trade would only speak in a peremptory tono, instead of with " bated breath and whispering humbleness," and in- sist on their adoption by every railway board, this most urgent reform would bo speedily initiated. As itis, directors will discuss-ana do nothing, till somo fresh atrocity horrify the nation and thoroughly rouse its wrath. THE WATERLOO-BRIDGE MYSTERY. Writing of horrors, I am reminded that a solution has been offered of the "Waterloo bridge Mysteiy." There aro probably few readers of The Argus who will not remember the discovery some years ago of the muti- lated remains of a human being, packed away in a carpet bag, which lodged on the foot of ono of the parapets of Waterloo-bridge. The excitement at the time was tremendous ; all sorts of conjectures to explain tho circum Btanco were hazarded-that of the police authorities being to the effect that the re- mains wero those of a patient who had b¿en dissected by some medical student, and which, when done with, instead of being de- cently buried, were intended to be lowered into the Thames. After all this lapse of time, there seems a chance of the mystery being cleared up; and as the light comes from the neighbouring colony of Tasmania, I would call attention to the subject. The me- dium through which the alleged explanation reaches the British public ia Mr. George Irwin, of Serpentine-avenue, Dublin, who published in the Daily Telegraph a long ex- tract from a letter recently received from a gentleman of good social position in Tas- mania. This writer avows his firm balief that the mutilated limbs found in the carpet bog were those of a Mr. R-, a Tasmanian, of some property, and respectable position, who came over to England about tho time in question, Eold £1,400 of Tasmanian bonds, went to lodge with a Jew, named W-, a returned convict, living closo to Waterloo bridge, and was never heard of again. The Inference is that he was robbed and murdered by tho Jew, who hastily decamped from his house at the time of the murder, and is be- lieved to be now dead. Mrs. R- survives in Tasmania, and if the carpet-bag in whicb the human remains were found was her hus- band's, she would bo able to identify it. Mr. Irwin cfl'trs to give the names of the parties, whom he designates by initials, to any person competent to carry out an investigation. AUSTRALIAN TRANSPORTATION, ïho audacious outrages reported by the last mail as having been perpetrated in Mel- bourne, during the ordinary hours of busi- ness and in the most frequented thorough- fares, have attracted a good deal of notice on this side. Such stattling facts will go far towards opening the eyes of the publio, and I hope of our legislators and rulers also, to the shameful injustice of persisting In emptying out our ruffianÍ6m upon the shores of the Australian continent. Sufficient for every country is the evil thereof. I believe that in your stern protest against the continuance of this evil any longer, you hovo the sym- pathy and beatty good wiehes of the vast majority of our people ; and that favoura- ble public sentiment must tell upon the Administration in the long run. More- over, it would appear that they are now de- prived of the main argument on which they rested the justification of a practice so vehe- mently condemned by all the larger colonies, namely, the anxiety of the settlers of Western Australia to secure as much convict labour as possible. But a change has como over the spirit of tlieir dream, They find that criminals are not on unmixed good-that they bring more blight than blessing ; and that against tho apparent advantage of their choap labour, there is a setious sit-off of growing disadvan- tages. That conflict of opinion as to the value of the boon granted must make Its im- pression even on the official mind ; and I am quite prepared to see it announced some morning, that Government, in gracious defer- ence to the remonstrances of the eastern colonists, have resolved to transport no more convicts across the seas. The Times is evidently coming to that view. In its columna on the 18th, there appeared a long temperately written letter, abounding with well-arranged facts, from ex-Ohlof Justice Cooper, of South Australia, but now sojourn- ing in England, That letter, free from any- thing like menace or inflamed temper, will do much good, The Times on the same day devoted a leader to the subject, advocating the duty and polioy of powerful nations to make concessions gracefully to weak ones or to small dependencies ; and expressing its be- lief that the EngliBh Government, if assured that the allegations of the colonists are based on substantial truth, will not hesitate much longer to abolish the grievance complained of. The Spectator suggests that, as Denmark is hard up for cash, our Government should offer a good price tor Iceland, which, isolated and healthy, would make an excellent penal settlement. THIS ROYAL OH ARTER. It would appear that the wreck of the ill fated Koyal Charter ÍB likely to proye a per- petual mine of wealth, to tho enterprising purchasers. Availing themselves of the calm- ness of the sea, they; lately recommenced operations, with the view of recovering some of the lost specie. Oa one day the divers brought up eighty sovereigns, on another twenty, and on a third day eight sovereigns. It is believed that considerable sums will ultimately be recovered. FATAL RIOTS IN BELFAST. Ireland is determined not to forfeit its tra- ditional character of being England's chief difficulty. During a full week or more, the mOBt thriving and wealthy town in the north of the sister island has been in the hands of a mob. Civil government had broken down, business was at a complete stand-still, and faction perpetrated unchecked its mad and bloody orgies. There is still considerable obscurity enveloping the origin of these ferocious outbreaks. The explanation gone rally given and accepted 1B, that they began in an attempt to get up counter-demon- strations to a great Catholic ovation at Dublin. On Monday, the 8th inst, the cere- mony of laying the foundation-stone of the pedestal which is to sustain a statue of O'con- nell took place in the Irish metropolis. The proceedings of theinauguration passod off in a manner highly creditable to all concerned. Of conree there was a good deal of patriotic talking, but everything was orderly and peace- able. The population of Dublin turned out to do honour to their departed leader, thousands of countrymen trooped up from the provinces, the trades' unions were all in attendance, the Lord Mayor and Corporation, and hundreds of § entfernen on horseback. Bannors, generally eating the "national" colours, were carried in numbers. Tho procession extended five niilep, and was two hours passing O'Connell's house, before which all uncovered. This quiet demonstration was succeeded by a meet- ing of the "Irish National League,''the pro- moters of which sought to take advantage of this'outburst of national patriotism and gra- titude for a revival of the Jtepeal cry. An abundance of seditious language was used, and silly threats of vengeance wore hurled against the Saxon by men who would fain ignore the fact that the "Young Ireland" agitation is a thing of tho past. Here, but for the irrepressible spirit of fac- tion and religious antagonism by which the nation is cursed, the affair might have ended, and the entire ceremonial would have been forgotten in a week. But no; tho oppor- tunity for OrangeiBm to indulge its malignity was too good to be lost. The mere news of what was taking place at Dublin inflamed the blood of tho Protestants of Belfast. While the Catholics were honouring the memory of O'connell at Dublin, 40.000 Orangemen of the chief town of Ulster were engaged in burning his effigy, and Insulting his memory by overy disgusting clrcum stanco they could devise. The proceed- ings of the first day passed off harm- lessly; they wore too ludicrous and con- temptible to excite anything beyond merriment in some and annoyance in others. But the farce soon deepened and darkened into a tragedy. The asheB of the effigy burned on Monday, it was resolved to bury on Tues- day night. A coffin waa accordingly pro- vided, a procession formed, with fires aud drums playing a dead march. Being refused admission to the burial-ground, the coffin was borno back in mock solemnity to the Boyne bridge, where it was burned, and the embers cast into the stream. By this time the Catho- lic population were fully aware of what wa' going on, and at once commenced the worl of vengeance. Five hundred armed navvie joined the Papists, 'and for nine or ten day the conflict raged. One thousand constabu- lary were mustered, 6,000 troops occupied the streets, and large numbers of spocial con- stables were sworn in. The hospitals are full of the wounded, and several lives bave fallen a sacrifice; yet so in- furiated were the ferociouB combatants, that for a lone season everything failed to overawe them. A week ago, a writer on the spot de- scribed Belfast as presenting the appearance of a city that had been sacked by a foreign enemy. Great alarm was felt lest tho mob should gain possession of the gunpowder stores, which have been strongly guarded night and day. Rumours of large reinforce- ments on the Catholic side, from Dublin and Tippeiary, also kept the peaceable portion of the population inconstant terror. It is much to be regretted that the town was not plaoed at an early period under martial law, as the civil authorities were totally unable to deal with so formidable an ''insurrection. The town has witnessed most of the worst horrors of a civil war, intensified by religious hatreds. At one time it appeared likely that the civil war would extend toother towns, but disturb- ances were promptly repressed. The riots in Belfast are cowed, but irreconcilable enmities have been sown, which threaten fearful con- sequences. The two parties are disinclined to work together ogoln in the mills. The au- thorities are held to be highly culpable. THE VICE-ROYALTY OP IRELAND. Meanwhile, the Irish satrap, Lord Carlisle, has come home from Dublin, sick and bored to death with harassment; and the Vice royalty has again gone begging. The phan- tom kingship has been offered to tho Mar- quis of Lansdowne, to the Duke of Devon- shire, and to other noblemen, but one and ' all they have begged to be excused. They all preler to remain on their own estates. Failing any other grandee, The Times hints that the post has treen conferred on Lord Wodehouse. The IrlBh press asks why not send Prince Alfred to reign at Dublin Castle ? Such a measure would be extremely popular, and do much to destroy Irish discontent. STATE OF LANCASHIRE. The cotton famine bas almost ceased. Pau- perism in Lancashire has well-nigh sunk to its cuBtomary level, having been reduced by tho revival of the cotton trade to little more than three per cent, of the population. The Central Committee, thereforo, have felt war- ranted in deciding, with some- exceptions, to restrict their grants to persons not receiving Earochial aid ; and several 'mora committees ave ceased to exist. Some 20,000 persons are maintained under the provisions of the Public Works Act in Lancashire, but the re opening of mills, and the abundant supply of cotton at Liverpool to keep them going, have created quite a demand for labour. THE GREAT DONKEY SHOW. Exhibitions are one of the characteristic fashions of the oge. Everything almost is marshalled before the publio gaze. Cattle, horses, poultry, bird?, dogs, and babies, have long exposed their points and peculiar beauties to the wonder and critical admira- tion of thronging spectators. Hitherto the donkey tribe appears not to have been deemed worthy of such distinguished notice. That opprobrium, however, has at length been swept away ; for during the week com- mencing on the 8tb, the magnificent hall in Islington opened its portals to a very creditable show of asses and mules, English and foreign, at the close of which numerous prizes were awarded. The costermongers came out "strong on the occasion, and one man exhibited a donkey which had been in his possession for forty years. Miss Burdett Coutts was one of the most munificent patrons of the show, and the Prince of Wales was a successful exhibitor. The show was enlivened daily by plenty of donkey racing-, and other appropriate sports having a charm for the coster mind The results altogether wore very encouraging. NEW POSTAGE REGULATIONS. The Post-office is about to extend its field of operations. In addition to the letter and book post, we oro to ba favoured with an Inland Pattern and Sample Post. This new arrangement comes into operation on the 1st of September, after which all patterns and samples will be conveyed at such a reduction in the scale of charges that residents and shopkeepers in distant provinces wiil find it to their interest to establish a direct communication with the manufacturer and lurge dealer, instead of dealing at the village store. This measure will go far to revolu- tionize trade, to the disadvantage and often extinction of small tradesmen. Any parcels not exceeding twenty-four ounceB in weight moy be sent, at the following rates :-Not ex- ceeding four ounces, 2d. ; under eight ounces, éd.; under sixteen ounceB, 8d.; and under twenty-four ounceB, Is. For the future, such articles as knives, scissors, razors, forks, Btoel pens, keys, nails, watch machinery, metal tubing, properly packed and guardod, may be Bent by post. The address of the sender, and tho trade mark and price of the article sent, are the only writing or printing allowed in the packet, and these must he on Bmall attached labels. THE YELVERTON CASE. When my supplementary telegram was sent off on the 2nd, it was believed that, as far as courts of justice are concerned, the scan- dalous Yelverton case was finally disposed of; but this illusion was soon dispelled. No sooner did Mrs. Theiesa Yolverton recover from the series of fainting fits into which the announcement ef the decision of the House of Lords had thrown her, than she lodged " a minute of reference on oath," the practical result of which is to prevent tho judgement being made final in Scotland until the parties to the suit have been examined on oath. In a letter to The Times, ilia. Yelverton says : " Against such a sentence I have struggled for six yenis, and probably may .for six more, if life by litigation is not stunted." This' protracted case has called attention to the anomalies and absurdities of the Scotch marriage law, and if it lead to Its assimilation to the English law, as it proba- bly will, the degrading exposures in this cele brated affair will not have been made in vain. But besides the pending examination on oath of the two principal patties to this suit, all tbo discreditable details ot their intercourse with each other aro about to be raked up afresh, in an action for damages which Mrs. Yelverton has instituted against the Saturday Review. On the 80th of July, tho proprietors of that journal published an article com- menting on the judgement of the House of Lords, in the course of which a groat deal of calumnious matter was introduced, of which the pursuer complains, and for which she seekB redress. Tho damages are laid at £3,000. In the meantime, this unfortunate woman, whose intellectual qualifications aro unques- tionably great, bas undertaken some literary engagements. Her name, no doubt, will draw. SOCIAL DISCUSSIONS OF THE MONTH. The dull season is always fruitful of unex- pected topics of discussion in the newspapers, which are only too glad to concede a portion of their space to grievance-mongers of every hue. Thus, we have had in Tftet Times a very plea- sant and instructivo correspondence on the habit?, economical, social, «nd political, of bees ; in which, BB usual, each writer, whether monarchist or republican, peacoman or war- rior, finds something to justify andconfirm his views and to condemn those of his opponent. Then, in the same journal, there has appeared a series of contributions, from natives and foreigners, on tho scandalous indecency of the mode of bathing in vogue at all our Eng- lish watering-places, and which is contracted unfavourably with the customs adopted on the Continent and in tho East. But tho smartest discussion of the month has had reference to the extortionate and tyrannical conduct of the controller of the legacy duties. The cor- respondence was started by a couple of com- plaints that Mr. Trevor, in his zeal for the public service, bad been guilty of gross in- justice towards individuals; by hunting up old claims of thirty and forty years' Standing, and compelling payment of large amounts from descendants of the deceased, who had no moons of proving the injustice of the demands made, and yot were morally cer- tain that the payments had been made at the proper time. The Chancellor of the Exchequer then appeared , upon the scene, questioning the correctness of the representa- tions made, and warmly defending and eulo- gizing his subordinate. Mr. Gladstone's letter acted like a^eparkupon gunpowder. A host of solicitors, heirs-at-law, and executors star ted up to verify the truth of the original com- plaints, and to |add to them stories of Btill more reprehensible proceedings of the most tyrannical nature. The Times, in a leader of unusual earnestness and Beriousnes?, censured Mr. Gladstone for lending his countenance to such iniquities, and warned him of the fate of Empson and Dudley in the old Tudor times. The pablio are in no mood to be trifled with any longer in this arbitrary fashion. Mr. Trevors extortions, it now appears, have been notorious for years, 'and there is scarcely a solicitor in London who has not reason to complain. This agitation will probably compel Government to pass a short act, placing the Crown upon the same footing as private f¡rm¡>, who are unable to recover debts unless applied for within a given time. GUNS V. IRON PLATING. A long series of artillery experiments at Shoebuiynesshas culminattd in the complete triumph of guns over armour. Sir W. Arm- strong's 000-pounder, known as "Big Will," has conquered the stoutest target resistance which could be opposed to it, and bids dofiance to all the navies of the world. Not con- tent with drilling holes through an improved section of La Gloire with guns of smaller calibre, the great artillerist brought out his 600-ponnder against the Warrior target, and with a Irange equivalent to 2,000 yards, ho hurled destruction on a shield composed of 4Jin. nrmour-piotes with a backing of eigh- teen incheB of teak. After this brilliant suc- cès?, we are told that the War-offico authori- ties have decided on ordering four more for this year's delivery. What does it mean? people are asking. At this rate it will be the end of the century before our fleet and arsenals are armed with them. A correspondent in the Standard states that the French Go- vernment are having great guns manufac- tured in England, and asks whether our re- quirements are to be kept in abeyance till the French contract is completed. LORD PALMERSTON. Our evergreen Premier was no sooner re- leased from Parliamentary cares, tuan, with a freshness, verve, and geniality quite sur- prising, he plunged into extra-parliamentary labours. After enjoying the splendid hospi- talities of the Mansion-house, and figuring at the festive board of the Fishmongers' Com- pany, he betook himself to the provinces, where he has been " starring it," to the de- light of multitudes. Here he took part in the inauguiation of a railway in the midland counties, and subsequently laid the founda- tion-stone of a new exchange at Bradford, in Yorkshire. The latter visit narrowly escaped proving a failure. A number of working men,. diEgustcd at his lordship's breach of faith on the reform question, previously met together, and passed strong resolutions con- demnatory of hiB conduct, willoh it was determined to embody in an address to the Premier on the occasion of his visit. It was decided also to observe " a díaniüed but sig- nificant abstinence from all enthusiastic cheering." The intended demonstration sig- nally miscarried, however. The incriminating address could not be prevented; and sach were the irresistible fascinations ot the genial and jccosegold statesman, that, whether the working men Indulged themselves in a fit of sulks or not, there was no lack of uproarious cheering. It was a time of holiday, and the people entered heartily into the spirit of the occasion. Sir Francis Crossley did exaotly what the opportunity justified. Ho expressed hiB great pleasure at the noble lord's ac- ceptance of tho YoikBhireman's invitation gave him credit for being always ready to prefer the welfare of others to his own ease and comfort-bade him mark the heartiness of his reception by the people of Bradford, and asked him whether these men were not worthy of the franchise, aud whether their demand for political and ecclesiastical re- forms did not deserve better at his hands. THE QUEEN AND THE COURT. English Royalty is on the wing. Her MnjeBty, who has just returned to Windsor from the Isle of Wight, starts to-morrow for Balmoral, where the Court will stay some five or six weeks. The Prince and. Princess of Wales have been making a tour through part of Scotland, , and in a few days will take their departure for Denmark. The sailor Prince is to visit Iceland ; and the Prince and Princess of Hesse are bound for Germany, via the Rhine. The heir- apparent and his consort are to bo escoited by part of the British fleet. The Duke of Newcastle bulng sufficiently improved in health to bear removal, journeyed to his seat in Nottinghamshire a fortnight Bince, where he wng warmly welcomed, no is already feeling the benefit of his native air, and is approaching towards convalescence. GREAT DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY BY FIRE. Amongst the calamities of tho month are a tremendous fire at Hull, by which Beveral extensive warehouses, with their valuable contents, were destroyed, involving a loss of £100,000; and a terrible conflagration at Limoges, in France, by which upwards of 200 houses woro reduced to ruin, alore than 1,000 persons have been deprived of their homes, and property has been destroyed to the estimated value of five million francs. A fire of extraordinary magnitude, too, has been raging during the past week in the neighbourhood of Farnham. The entire district known as Woolmer Forest has been a blaze, the flames spreading rapidly far and near, and destroying everything in their path. The magnitude of the conflagration was scarcely appreciated before the 19th, and then detachments from the forces at Aldershot were Bent ont to endeavour to stay its course. They succeeded in confining it within cer- tain limits by digging broad trenches, across which the llames could not reach. The damage is immense, the property destroyed belonging chiefly to the Government. OBITUARY. In the death roll of tho month will be found the names of Miss Catherine Sinclair, a lady as distinguished for her benevolence as for her literary accomplishments; Mr. Charles Wentworth Dilke, proprietor and, for many years, editor of tho Athenäum, and father of the baronet of that name ; Mr. George Offor, of Hackney, the biographer of Banyan, and careful editor of his works ; Mr. J. W. Pye Smith, of Sheffield, youngeBt son of the late Dr..Pye Smitb, of Homerton; Mr. Robson, thecolebrated comedian; Vice-Admiral Drake; Miss Katherine Southey, the lost living link connecting the name of the poet with Kes- wick; Sir Charles T. M'Carthy, Governor of Ceylon ; Mr. Stone, the eminent surgeon ; and Dr. Ii. Dundas Thompson. DENMARK AMPUTATED. There is peace between Germany and Den- mark. The puny victim, set npon by three powerful burglars, lifts ceased Us vaia resist' ance, and submitted moodily to the plunder- ing which it was too weak to prevont. The bystanders who saw the unequal Btrlfe with indignant astonishment, heave their sigh of pity and regret, and pass on. The rapacious German thieves have obtained what they coveted, and ought to be content. The pound of flesh nearest the heart has been mercilessly cut away, and poor Denmark is left to bleed to death at leisuro. As soon as the abandoned little state showed signs of coming to terms with its assailants, they made swift work of it. The Conference assembled at Vienna on the 20th ult., and five days from that date tho süi render was made, and the preliminaries of peace were signed. A BÍX weeks' armistice was urged by Bismarck, but tho moTe considerate Rechberg procured for the shorn victim an extension to three months. The German Confederation was altogether excluded from the negotiation). The concessions were made to Austria and Prussia alone, with liberty to use and appropriate the provinces and islands according to their own good pleasure. Tho minor German Powers were regularly " sold," as often happens among free bouteiB. In the conditions imposed upon Denmark, well nigh everything is yielded. The King (whose right to the Duchies, it will be ob- served, is recognized in the transaction}, cedes to Prussia and Austria tho Duchies of Schleswig, Holstein, and Lauenhurg, and engages not to interfere in uny way with tbeir ultimate disposal. The islands ap- pertaining to Schleswig follow that Duchy, in its separation. Not only does Alsen be- come German, but all the largo islands also on the western coast, which were formerly looked upon BB wholly or in part belonging to Jutland. These are Amrom, Fuhr, Sylt, and Rúrnú. In compensation, the DaneB acquire a snippet of land on the border of Jutland, known us the enclave of Ribo, and pei mission to retaiu possession of tho isle of ./Eroe, close to Funen. Contrary to the sinister rumours afloat last month, the Danish fleet Is still to be left to protect the Island Kingdom. The Danish colonies, moreover, are to be left untouched, and no demand for indemnification of German ox penstB will augment the burden which their own war expenditure has imposed upon tho despoiled kingdom. With a sort ot rough poetic justice, the burdens which Denmark escapes (through the pressuro of France, it is hinted) are luid upon the two liberated duchiee-to their infinite astonishment and disgust, 'the national debt of the kingdom, with the exception of the loan of 18G3, is to be divided between Denmark proper and the recalcitrant duchies in proportion to popula- tion, and the duchies are to indemnify Aus- tria and Prussia for their extraordinary expenses during the war. Little did tbe enthusiastic souls dream, when they wel- comed their liberators across the Eider, that they would hove to pay the bill. If wo could be assured that this was not a mero cunning trick of Bismarck's to retain permanent possession of the provinces, there are few persons who would not rejoice at the retribution which has fallen on them. They have got the whistle for whioh they have so long been crying, and now must not grudge the price. That their gratitude to their dis- interested liberotors will continue to bo very fervent under these altered circumstances is not to bo expected. It will not be matter for surprise if, ero long, they heartily wUh themselves back again under the galling Danish yoke. The stipulations on behalf ot Jutland are overbearing and oruel. The Danish plenipotentiary pleaded hard for the evacuation ofthat district by the allied troops but in vain. The ravenous locusts are to con- tinue to prey upon the impoverished people un- til the expiration of the armistice. The levy of foiced contributions ia of course suspended, but provisions are to be supplied at the expense of the ocoupled provinco. Lodging and transport aro alBO to bo found by the Jutlanders. Unless any further exactions are made, the treaty will leave Denmark in pos- session of Zealand, Fnnen, Jutland, and of three little colonleB ia the West Indies-all of which, like her Indian possessions, will not improbably bd sold for money. But what malteiB this amputation, spoliation, post- mortem, or whatever tho operation may b¿ de- signated ? " The happiness of nations does not depend on their importance; it is, indeed, often in an inverse ratio to their magnitude," remarks that " miserable comforter," The Times. There is truth undoubtedly in the observation, but it is not less cruel and cyni- cally bitter on that account. 'lue Dalits in the capital, as might be ex- pected, accept with a bad grace the humiliat- ing terms which tho new Cabinet has been obliged to submit to ot Vienna. The King opened the Rigsdad on Saturday, the 6th inst,, and uttered a few melancholy words about tho desertion of Denmark by the rest of Europe, and attempted to cheer the repre- sentatives with the professed hopo that the maimed nation might yet have a future. The Bpeech was silently and attentively listened to, but, on its conclusion, some hissing pro- ceeded from the galleries. This, however, was speedily dtowned by the cheering which rose from the body of represen- tatives, and which was continued until after the departure of the Royal cortege. From this ceremonial the King went to a review of troops just returned from the Isle of Fione, to whom he spoke words of kind ap- preciation and encouragement. There have been, from time to time, rumours of dis tuibances at Copenhagen, but they have not been confirmed. The feeling is very gloomy and depressed. They know not how to re- concile themselves to the terrible sacrifices they are reauired to make. Tho Legislature cannot undo the work of the negotiators ; but the Upper HouEe has put on one side a pro- posed address to the King, and the Lower Chamber withholds supplies till a more de- tailed statement of the position of the country has been furnished by the Government. The Ministers carry themselves stiffly, and alto- gether the situation is complicated. There le great pressure for money in the capital ; and to economise as much as possible, Govern- ment is dismissing the soldiers to their homes, laying up its ships, and there is a talk even of withdrawing its ambassador from London, BB a too costly encumbrance. The only gratification left in the meanwhile to spectators is, to find that the robbers are already quarrelling over the distribution of the spoils. All Germany is in ferment and confusion. After acting avowedly ia the name and interest of the Confederation, the two leading powers ignore their early accom- plices altogether, In the disposal of the plun- dered provinces. The Diet is roduced to a nonentity ; its thundirs alarm no one. Somo of the states interrogate, remonstrate, threaten, but all to no use, for Bismarck' arro- gantly goes on his predetermined way, heeding nothing. Tho manner in which the Federal troops of execution were kicked out of Rends- burg hos, of course, provoked great indignation and agitation among the German princelings; but it will all come to nothing, and mean- while Prussia goes straight forward to her aims. Suspicion is rife that she Is ambitious of other conquests within the limits of the Confederation. That she had set her heart on Lauenburg as a bonne bouche WOB unques- tionable. Negotiations were known to be on foot betweon RuBBla and Austria for the ces- sion of that duchy to the former power as a slight compensation towards the expenses of tho villanons enterprise. For once M. Bis- marck was outwitted-for a season. Han- over, cognizant of the arrangements whioh wero pioceediog, and feeling that both by position and right she had the best right to tho province, suddenly marched a small army into it. Berlin was electrified, and Bismarck was enraged at such insolence. The Dictator of Germany haughtily demanded explanations, whereupon the King of that little state fell to trembling in his shoes, meekly apologized, laid the blamo on Saxony, who told him to doit, and crossly snubbed his own general for carrying out his commands. Meanwhile a new claimant for Lauenburg steps forward. Prince Frederick William of Hesso has re- minded the Diet, in a formal memorial, that ho only renounced his chum to the Crown of Denmark and the provinces attached to it in favour-of bis sister, the wife of King Christian IX., on condition of the integrity of Denmark being respected. This condition not having been fulfilled, hiß Serono Highness considers his renunciation void, and now urges his Incontestable right to tho succession in the Duchy of Lauenburg. This adds one moro to tho éléments of confusion and rivalry which this unrighteous war have disengaged. The Dukes of Augustenburg and Oldenburg aro Btill in the field, and it ia well understood he will win who evinces the most complete subserviency to the schemes of Prussia. The Conit At Vienna shows a disposition to con cillate the minor German states, by proposing a provisional government for tho Duchies, with a triple head-one member being chosen by the Federal Diet ; but such an arrange- ment would not at all suit Bismarck's views, and accordingly the Prussian King is to pro- ceed to Vienna to talk over his Importai brother. Kiel is being familiarized with the presence of a Prussian squadron, and survei s are being pressed forward to expedite the catting of the Schleswig- Holstein cauul, which will com- plete the ruin of Denmark. POLAND EXECUTED. After months of lingering agonies, the bitter end has come. On the 5th of August, the final scene in one of the saddest trage- dies of modern times was played out at Warsaw. The revolt is subdued, and or- ganized brutality triumphs. "Ob, Lord I how long?" Russia, long foiled and baffljd, bos at length crushed, not indeed Poland, but that mysterious and omnipresent National Government, which BO 'success- fully conducted the insurrection, defying alike the ingenuity of the Muscovite police and the ferocity of the Cossack soldiery. JuEt three weeks »go, the chief of that marvellous- organisation was led out, with four of his colleagues, to the glacis of the fortress at Wonaw, and there ignorai niously hanged. He was a Colonel Trengutt, a discharged Russian officer, and his asso- ciates in misfortune were, an architect, a book- keeper, a teacher, and a tax collector, all young men. Bravely did they face their me- lancholy fate ; the bitterness of de*th to them was that their country would not profit by it. Twenty others, men and women, whom tho Russian Governor clemently pardoned, envied them as they mounted the scaffold. Their miseries at least wore soon to terminato, whereas the objects of Count Berg's cruel meicy could only look forward to a wretched life in Siberian mines and fortresses. Heart- breaking was their parting from the citizens of Waisaw.who assembled to witness their do partuie on their terrible journey to that bourne where hope expires. A reini official paper gives us come interesting particulars of tho wonder- ful organization of tho National Government, and the machinery by whioh the insurreotron was carried on It had its heads of depart- ments-for the Interior, for the Treasury, for War, for Foreign Affairs, for the Press, for Police, for Publications, and for Ways and Roads. There were commissioners ia the provinces and chiefs of communes, the whole kingdom being divided into eight way wode ships for insurrectionary purposes. The women wero all their willing agents, and tho meetings of the Central Government took place at the house of a lady who is now under sentence of eight years' bard labour in the factories. All honour to tbo brave people who against such tremendous odds so long maintained a struggle for their country's liberties. ULTRAMONTANE DEFEAT IN BEL- GIUM. Lost month's news left Belgium in the midst of a very serious crisis, the nature of which I explained. Government had come to a deud lock, through the Catholic members of the Lower House factiouely absonting thorn selves from its sittings. The King dissolved the Chamber, and appealed to the country. The response has been all that the friends of constitutionalism could desire. Exasperated at tho ecclesiastical conspiracy against their libeities and Parliamentary prerogatives, the pee pie have given the Liberal Ministry a majority of twelvo; which Is deemed amply suiltcient to carry out those organic reforms which will defeat the machinations of the priesthood. Tho nation is thus delivered, for a timo at least, from the fear of sacerdotal supremacy. THE EX-KING OF NAPLES. From Rome wo have two items of intelli- gence .which possess some interest. One re- lates to the probable departure of the ex-King of Naples from the precincts of the Vatican, and the other to the kidnapping of another Jewish boy. It is stated by the Ultramontano Union that Francis II., having been sum- moned to an interview with Antonelli, ho there found awaiting his presence Count de Sartiges and Baron de Bach, who delicituly hinted to the Bourbon Prince the opinion of their reBpective Governments that his further Btay within the Papal territory was inexpedient, and tbut the sojner ho hastened his departure the moro satislaotory would it bo to all parties interested in maintaining the tranqnility of Iho Peninsula. The kidnapped hjy is the Bon of a shoemaker, named Michael Cohen, and is only ten years of oge. The priestly robber went to the shoemaker to get his boots mended, then ordered the child to take them home lor him, but on the way pushed him into a convent for catechumens, and, in spite of the poor boy's tears and entreaties, kept him there. His parents are not allowed even to see him, and are robbed of their child without redress. The distracted mother had been going about making frantio efforts to procuro her child's release, and having talked disrespectfully of tho priestly man-stealors, she Vv'us taken up and immured in prison. Wheio aro these infamous freaks of PopiBh insolence to ond ? PARISIAN DOINGS. Paris has been the scene of a state trial, tho Napoleonic fete, and a Royal visit. The former proceeding was an extraordinary blunder on the part of tbo Emperor, and re- veals tho existence of a large amount of nervouB fear. The facts are these. Thirteen conspicuous members of the Lib.ral party, including two deputies, whose homes had been entered and ransacked of papers, wero indicted before a legal tribunal for belonging to an electoral association, contrary to the law which prohibits political meetings of moro than twenty persone, It was alleged, but not protêt!, by tho Imperial prosecutor, that tho accused weio members of a central organisation in Paris compiiBing some thirty persons, with affiliated committees in the provinces, formed to influence the elec- tions to the Corps Législatif, They were dofended by M. Jules Favre in a speech BO brilliant and exhaustive that M. Berryer refused to add a word to it. Each of the de- fendants was eventually convioted of belong- ing to an unlawful association, aud unod 600 francs. Such is French Murty 1 The Imperial fels, celebrated on tho loth weutofi with unusual splendour. Unwonted preparations had been made to impart ¿Mt to the occasion. Thero wero public games, open-air theatricals, gratis admission to tho regular houses, illuminations paid for by Go- vernment, pardoiiB for hundreds of prisoners, magnificent weather, and everything elso in which the pleasure-loving Parisian delights. The English, too, by thousands helped to swell the crowds. A new and highly popular amuse- ment was improvised for the occasion, which consisted in people asking their friends, and the passengers, and any notable person whom tbey might meet " As-tu vu Lambert ?" Even the Emperor, Empress, and Prince Im- perial were so saluted, to their great bewildor ment. Everybody enjoyed, but no one seemed to comprehend, the joke. Tho police scented a new plot, and. were thinking of arrests, when it was explained that the cry originated with a farmers wifo from the country, who had lost hor husband in the crowd, rush- ing about the streets of Paris, asking wildly for " Lambert." Tho people echoed and multiplied the cry. At the conclusion of tho second day of ¡tho fete, the King of Spain arrived at St, Cloud, and has since been sumptuously entertained and lionized. It is a whim of the EmpresB'p, and has no political significance. Queen Isabella declined to come, and so did the proud grandees who wore invited. Prince Napoleon got out of the way. and the Princess Mathilde was " indisposed." No deep lrlendship is possible between Bona- parte and Bourbon. CHRISTIAN MISSIONS IN TURKEY. The Sultan, apparently in a fit of religious alarm, has lately done a very ungracious thing to his best friends, the English and the Americans. Without any forewarning, his Divan suddenly struck a blow at the Pro- testant institutions established in tho country, shut up the American mission, closed, the Bible Sooiety's store, prohibited preaching, and sent tj prison eleven converts from Mahometanlsm, who, relying on the Sultan's word in the edict of Gulhane, had openly professed Christianity. The English and American ambassadors at once protested against these arbitrary and illegal measures, as a distinct breaoh of treaty. The remon- strance was successful, and the obnoxious edict was repealed BO far as It affected tho foreign agents, but the converts were to ba banished to soma consular town in the inte- rior. Futhcr pressure will, no doubt, ob- tain their release. The excuse of the Turkish authorities for this step was, a dread of somo sanguinary outbreak of Mahometan fanati- cism, owing to the rapid spread of Christian influence, which was naturally regarded with great jealousy and irritation. The Christian teachers must learn from this warning to be prudent and patient, as well as zealous. THE CHINCHA ISLANDS. The Spanish Government has announced, but in a highly disingenuous manner, that it intends to restore the Chincha Islands. Ad mil al Pinzón was not ordered to take thom, and but for the attempt on the life of Don Salayar, they would be restored at once. As it is, they will be retained till the Peruvian Government has cleared itself of complicity in that incident. The Spanish Chancellor of the Exchequer, raeanwhilo, is at his wita'-end to find money for the most ordinary pur- pose«. A marriage is projected botween Princo Humbert, the heir-apparent of the throno of Italy, and Princess Anna Murat. It is attri- buted to the matoh- maklng Intrigues of the Empress Eugonic, who first sought to cement on alliance with the brother of the King of Spoin, but failed. DISTURBANCES AT GENEVA. Cousequent on the election of M. Ohone vlôre to a seat in tho Swiss Conseil d'Etat and the rejection of the Radical candidate, M. James Fazy, serious disturbances havo tukon place in Goneva, where tho émeute has extended to the erection of barricades, street fighting, -nnd bloodshed. Tho cantonal authorities being utterly impotent to deal with tho rioters Federal intervention had to be called in, and tho result is.that a battalion of militia has entered tho city for tho pur- pose of quelling the commotion, if needs be, by tte arm of military power. THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA. Slaughter, slaughter, slaughter-prodigal and profitless-ÍB the burthon of every suc- cessive Transatlantic mail. The eye of the sickened spectator soes nothing but blood. Heroism there is in abundance on both sides, but in this hideous and diabolical strife it ap- pears wasted and worthless. Hundreds of thousands have perished, and yet peace 1B as distant as over. Battles, desperate battles, ate fought day after day, week after week, and year after year, and yet the CUB torn ary reward Is withheld ; tho South is not exhausted, tho North is not wearied. Tho Unionists will conquer; the Secessionists will not submit. If both belligerents continue in the same mind, tho war may go on for twenty yoare. Tho huge hosts which havo hitherto been raised and marshalled will dwindle down to smaller bodies, who will wage hostilities in a desultory, irregular kind of way. Mr. Lin- coln, who has called for half a million more victims to tho Union Idol, will post- pone that collapse as long OB possible, but come it must. Not even America, wonderful us it is, can long afford to sacrifice 160,000 to 200,000 men in a single campaign ; and even conting! nts of Irish immigrants will not bo forthcoming for ever. Tho past month has inscribed fresh battles on tho bloody roll of history, and whioh have mainly proved dis- astrous to tho Fedoials. Ltt me briefly de- scribe them. GRANT'S FAILURE AT PETERSBURG. A great disaster has befallen the Fodoral arms at Petersburg, which the Northern partisans can by no ingenuity rorvert into an advantage. Grant had been very quiet for several weeks, and beyond an occasional hint of Blego operations, no one could form an idea of what that dauntless and tenacious goneral was scheming, It has since become known that for a wholo month-from the 28th of June to tho 28th of July-he was engaged in driving a mine under tho fort which formed the chief point in tho outer line of the Confederate defences. Tho task was entrusted to Colonel Pleasant?, a Penn- sylvania n engineer. The design was gene- rally known in the Federal camp, but appears to nnvo been concealed fiom tho Confede- rates. When the work was completed, in order to coufuse and distract General Leo, a considerable portion of the Federal army was transferred, as ostentatiously as possible, to the north side of James River. Tho general impression from this movement was, that another attack on Richmond was meditated from that quarter. The Confederate com- mander evldontly shared that opinion, or at least thought it wise to bo prepared for suoh a contingency, since ho despatched a strone column from Puteroburg to the threatonou point. To keop up the delusion, an immense train of 400 empty covered waggons was sent across the Appomattox in view of the Con fedirate signal lookouts. When Lee wa* thus apparently tbrowu off the true scjut, tho Fedeial corps wore quietly withdrawn by night, by means of a pontoon bridgo luid across the James. All was now ripe for tbo grand dénouement; tho Btrategy was triumphant ; tho result was sure. The mine, charged with 18,0001b. of guupowder, awaited the firing of the train, and the awful roar of its explosion WBB to bo tho signal for an onslaught of the entire army. Every battery of artillery, siege or field, every gun at Grants command, waB to open on the Confederates at the same moment, and it was anticipated, not without Borne reason, that the Southern troops, stunned by the explosion of the mine, and panic Btrickon by tho deafening disohaigo and awful carnage, might be drivon from the lints before tuoy had fairly recovered from tho shock. The design was executed accord- ing to programme, but it WOB not successful. .The mino was sprung ia the dim dawn of tho 80th of July, to tho utter destruction of tho fort, and the 600 South Carolinians who gar- risoned it. The Fedorals instantly followed up the explosion by a fire from ninety-five pieces of artillery, undor cover of which thoir picked troops rushed through the chasm. But the Confederates wore neithor surprised nor dis- mayed. From their second line of works thoy poured such a deadly fire on tho advancing troops, that ono-half of thom wero imme- diately laid low ; the samo fate bofel a black brigade which WBB thrust forward to tho sup- port of the first storming party ; overy subse- quent attempt to penetrate beyond that yawning abyss of ruin and doatk was equally futile; tho Federal generals were obliged to ' call off their men, to aavo thom from utter annihilation; and, after a loss of some 8,000 or 10,000 men, they found themselves as far as ever from capturing Petersburg. Some of the Now York papers insinúate that there was blundering and error of a very culpable kind ; but that Is only a subterfuge to cover their vexation ; it is clear onough that tho operation miscarried solely through the unconquerable valour of the enomy against whom it was directed. General Bart- lett and staff, together with 1,200 or 1,409 . Federal soldiers, were made prisoners. The negro brigade, the sight of which maddened the Confederates, was almost annihilated. Beauregard was in command. On the day succeeding tbo battle Grant went to Fortress Montoo, and bad a protracted consultation with Mr. Lincoln, whatever the subjects of their not very cheerful conversation, tho general belief Is that tho campaign against Richmond is virtually at an end. It Is ex- tremely probable that Giant's services will be required ero long to defend Washington from the rebels, who continue to hover around it, ns though attracted by an irresistible fascina- tion. Immediately after the terrible repulso at Petersburg, Leo sent off heavy reinforce- ments either for Early, in the north, or for Hood, at Atlanta. Most probably it was to the latter destination, as affairs aro in a. very critical position there just now, THE CAMPAIGN IN GEORGIA. The chief interest of the war has suddenly shifted from Virginia to Atlanta. Grant is all at once eclipsed by Sherman. ^ As'the-v Northern Hercules will not give themivibtory, the disappointed and humiliated Federals, in their dcnpair, turn tonifie lgrèfatv General of the South-west. Perhaps he may prove \- to be their military saviour. Denied their covetted Virginian grapes, they now affect to despise them as sour. It has broken upon them with all the force and fresh i ness of a discovery, that the possession .j, of Richmond is as nothing in comparison ; jWith) tho capture of Atlanta ; and, accord- ingly, the repeated dtfiats of General Grant, ' and tho hecatomb3 of victims sacrificed throughout the campaign, are spoken of slightingly, as mere minor and insignificant incidents in the great war drama. If the Georgian city dees out fall bafore the puissantv Sherman, all will yet be well. Simulta- neously, the Confederate estimate of tho im- portance of the struggle raging on this theatre of the war has undergone a sinai < lar modification. And not a day too soon. It has long been matter of astonish- ment to onlookers that the Oonfede < intesi took the state of thingt in Georgia eoicoolly.i For months, 'their army, under Johnstone, and now under Hood, has boen feebly and ineffectually resisting the advauco of a Federal host of« twice its numerical strength. Since May; Johnstone had re- treated 180 miles, and given up twenty-nine strong positions in the mountains and three defonsiblo rivei lines. The Richmond autho ritles at leng th got sick of this sort of warfare, ' and'insisted on the adoption of a bolder po ' Hoy. According to one account, Bragg wai sent on a special minion to Johnstone, with the peremptory otder that he Bhould hold Atlanta, and, if necessary, give Sharman battle. Johnstone is reported to have de- clared that to hold the city was impossible. Thereupon, he resigned the command of the army, which was ottered to General Hardee. That officer adopted the same view as John ' stone, whereupon the appointment was given to General Hood, who has a good fighting reputation. An immediate change of tactics was ob eenablo. The new commander at once assumed the offensive with a vigour and promptitude highly creditable to his courage, and calculated to improve the spirit of his soldiers, whose backs had been so long turned to the enemy. He has fought three or four sternly- contested battles, by which, if he has not dislodged and hurled back the invader, he has, at least, prevonted his further ad- vance. Hood took the initiative in overy one of tho cngagemenh reported, an-1 has made some important captures of prisoners and 1 cannon. We aro told that the communica- tions of the city on three sides are cut off, and the railways destroyed for many miles; but from the fact of a division of Sherman's cavalry, under Sroneman, having been routed and tho commander captured, while returning from a raid in the rear of Atlanta, it is oh i vious that the place is not fully Invested. The principal contests occurred on the 20th, 22nd, and 28th ot July. The two former ac- tions are thus described by the Globe . "At the period Hood assumed tho com- mand ho found his enomy between himself and j Richmond. He soon learned that Rousseau's dating horsemen had cut np the railway to Montgomery-that Is, to the south east ; and thus he saw that but one line of retreat and communication was open, the road to Macon, and that tho Federals were pushing on to- wards this. Hoping to diminish the pressure, perhaps force Sherman to retire, he resolved to seize the first occasion offered to strike a blow. The opportunity soon carno. On the 20th Sherman ordered his right wing to close upon the centre, from which it had become separated by a dangerous interval of three miles. This wet tu be effected by moving the coips in succession. There wero two corps and a division. The division moved first, and when it bad taken up a position, the corps were to follow one after the other. Hood, who had no doubt been watching the movement, saw an opening for a bold stroke, but he does not appear to have been quick ' enough. Collecting a strong force within musket Bhot of tho Federal right, but con- cealed oven from the skirmishers by the woods, Hoed, late ¡n the afternoon, sent them forward at a charging pace, against tho ex ' posed leftof theleudingdivision. The Federals were at work, with axo and spade, and they i had only time to throw away their tools, and seize their arms, when the Confederates were npon them. In like manner other Confede- rate columns full upon the disjointed Federal Uno. Hoed hoped to crush the inner flank coveting] the bridge over the creek, and then tolling np the Federal right wing, seize Sherman's Hue of communications, and iso- late the left. It was a skilful and daring venture. That it failed was due to the stead- fastness of the Federal troops, tho quickness of tholr artillery officers iu bringing up guns, and the readiness of the troops to retort by counter- charges. The action, while it lasted, seems to bave been creditable to both sides, and it is the more worthy of note because it was a contest in the open field. Defeated in , his attempt to crush the Federal right and cut oil Sherman from Marietta, Hood was not ' ' disheartened. Indeed bis danger must have spurred even his tried valour; for now Sher- man, Laving knit his corps together, prossed on towards the Macon-road. Thus Hood had no ' choice but io fight or find htuoself mvoätcd in / Atlanta, ne therefore turned upon the Fede- ral lift on the 22nd- But this time ho was fighting an action, not to inflict destruction on Shetman, but to savo himself. Ho was fighting for the Macon- road. 'As tho Federals ' had had time to entrench, and eveu to seize come port ot the Confederate lines, it ia reason- able to believe that the losa of tho assailants was as great as it is reported to hava been. The íestilt of theee two octions left the gal- lant Hood in Atlanta, it is true, but also In great peril; for not only had Sherman in ii let ed a fearful loss on a small army, but Rousseau bad swept tho line from Montgo- mery to Marietta, and Garrard, with auothar cavalry fotce, had rid leu to Oovlngtou, forty miles on the road to Augusta, and had there burnt bridges and 2,000 biles of cottm, a little fact which must have created a sensa- tion in Augusta, where the great Btock of cot- ton bales l8 in store'. Nothing remained un- touched but the Macon-road. And hero the news breaks off." Both sides claimed the victory in the fierce struggle of the 22tid. Tho Federals lost Borne 6,000 men, among whom was General Mac- pherson, a Northern officer of great ability, who, although comparatively unknown to fame, had rendered distinguished services to the Union cause. Six duys later, Hood made a fierce assault on Sherman's lines, with the objtct of outflanking the Federal position. This, at least, docs not look as though the Confederates wore reduced to the condition of a beBieged force. The result was indecisive, as usual. It was on tho 27ih that thoi rout of the Federal raiders took placj, which was so seilous, that, out of 3,20U men, only COO, several days afterwards, had put in an appearance. If Hood has been able to hold his ground a week or two longer than tho last datos, the anival of reinforcements will altogether alter the position of affairs, and we may ex > peet to hear of fighting of a more decisive character. Atlanta Is a place too vital to the interests of the Confederacy to be abandoned i without tremendous efforts to retain It. To lose it wonld be a greater calamity to the > South than the capturo of Richmond. ThU important city ÍB laid out in a circle two miles in diameter, in tho centre of which is the i passenger depot, from whioh radiate railroads to every quarter of the Con- federacy, In the business portion of the city are many fine blocks of build- ings. Before the war these wore mostly fined with consignments of goods from the large cities of the north and north-west for the Buppiy of the cotton regions. Now the city is one vast Government storehouse. Here «relocated the machine shops of the principal railroads : the most extensive rolling mill in the south foundries, pistol and tent factories, -&C.; In addition, the Government have works for casting shot and shell, making gun car- riages, cartridges, caps, shoes, clothing, &c.; Surprise is often expressed that Sharman should bo able BO successfully to keep open his communications with his base of sup- plies at Chattanooga, which is 180 milos from Atlanta, especially as be has only one road to depend upon, whioh hies i through the heart of the enemy'd coun- try. His mode of protecting the rail- road Is thus explafnod:-"Every mile there is a strong blockhouse, entrenched and garrisoned by 100 picked men, commanded by a picked captain, and both officers and men have been sworn not to surrender. Those blockhouses are generally, of course, within signalling dibtanceof each other. In addition < to this, there are all along patrols of cavalry, by which the country in overy direction is con- stantly and thoroughly scoured. This, of course, takes 20,000 men from the army, but nothing less will do, and it must be confessed that BO far it has proved amply sufficient. There has been only ono attempt made on the rondt and this waa by Wheeler's cavalry, whioh reached it, and tore up Bomo of the rails, but the damago done was so slight that i ' . it waa repaired in two hours, and there was no interruption whatover in tho running of -the trains. -\ > ' ¡^SECOND-INVASIONOF MARYLAND. \\\ The splendid raid of Early and'Brecken \- ridge intpï the North-Eastern States of the . Union, reportai last month*, was' so Bucees^ ful that the Confederates have been en- couraged to repeat the movement. It soon became evident that there was no serious intention of an attempt to capture and hold any of the northern cities. Suoh a step would have been imprudent and full of peril-a waste of strength, i without any adequate re- ward. But the objects contemplated by General Lee wero triumphantly secured. The Confederates wanted corn," provisions ia general, horses, and military stores; and these they seized in abundanco, and trans- ported in safety to ' Richmond. They wanted to spy ont and maine manifest to the Government and people of the North tho un- protected state of the territory between Rich- mond and Washington, and give the self confident Yankees a thorough " scare," and in this they succeeded to their hearts' con tent. They were anxious to compel Grant to weaken bia force before Petersburg, and pre- vent any more reinforcements from being sent to that point; and in this, to?, they aohieved their purpose. They effected some- thing more also, which perhaps was not anti- cipated-they revealed the existence 'of an amount of apathy in regard to the invasion which seems to have alarmed and exasperated the Federal authorities. No enthusiasm waa shown, as aforetime, to rise and repel the invaders. Just as the Confederates were retiring-their ' plunder far in advance-a sufficient force, under General Averill, was muBtered to pursue them. After draw- ing on the Federals for some ^ distance, General Early turned round on his pur- suers, vanquished thom, and drove them hack to l3unker's-liill,. with considerable loee. This took place on the 23rd and 24th of July. This disaster again alarmed the North, and the alaira increased to panic as from day to day the raiders multiplied and spread over the land. On the 6th of August three columns crossed the Potomac ; Chambersburg was burned, Hagerstown was ocoupted, Pitts- burg was considered in imminent danger, and terror reigned in every Pennsylvania farm- stead. When the consternation was at its height, they as suddenly retired again ; bat this time not so unharmed as before, for they are said to have been pursued to Moorefield, Virginio, by General Averil], and severely punished, with the loss of COO prisoners and four guns. It is thought hy many per- sons that this last raid was designed to dis- tract the attention of Grant and the mili- tary authorities, whilo large reinforcements were being forwarded to Georgia. A short time will show. WHISPERS OF PEACE. Somo abortive attempts at peace negotia- tions were set on foot about a month ago, at Niagara. Several distinguished Southerners, who were staying at one of the hobls across the border, wrote to Mr. Horace Gresley, who happened to ho sojourning at another, that thoy were willing to go to Washington and treat for psace. Messrs. Sanders, Jowett, and friends, however, admitted that they were not aoting under authority-theirsorvloos were quite spontaneous. Mr. Greeley was equally a volunteer. Finding that they wero not accredited by the Confederate Government, Mr. Lincoln sent his prlvats secretary to Mr. Oreeley, with a message addressed " to whom it may concern," to the effect that he could only negotiate up in the terms of a thorough restoration of tho Union and tho abolition of slavery. The correspondence abruptly termi- nated at this point, the Confederate agents very properly refusing to enter upon a nego- tiation of which the basis waa pre-arranged by the opposite party. They denounced the conduct of Mr. Lincoln, in making peace im- possible. By many it is looked upon as an election dodge, to make the President un- popular, by showing that his re-appolntment to the chief magistracy would involve the perpetuation of the war for years to come. Mr Lincoln ia condemned even hy many of the Republican party. Mr. Jefferson Davis 1B equally determined in an opposite sense, as ÍB obvious from ano- ther attempt at mediation lately made. Mr. Greeloy states, in an article in the Independent, that Colonel Jacques and Mr. Gilmore, the latter more widely known as Edmund Kirke, author of Among the Pines, went to Richmond with tho full knowledge of the President, in- tent on devibing or discovering some ground of accommodation or adjustment between the belligerents now devastating the Republic, and appear to have been treated with signal courtcBy, and even generous hospitality. Mr. Gilmore gives the net product of tho unofficial mission m this piquant passage ¡-"Jefferson Davis Bald to me, and with all his faults, I believe him a man of truth -' This war must go on till the last of this generation falls in his tracks, and hiB children seize his musket and fight our battles, unless you acknowledge our right to self government. Wo are not fighting for slavery. We are fighting for in- dependence ; and that, or extermination, we will have.' " There are ßtill rumours of dissension in the Lincoln Cabinet and of peace negotia- tions. ; General M'Clellan refuses to become a Presidential candidate for the Democratic party, and they, have, therefore, pitched upon Mr. Dean Kichnioiid, chairman of the New York Central Railway. They aro organising their opposition with energy, und take upa more decidedly pjcifio punition tuan tuey would have dared to do a few months ago. Mr. Lincoln has shown how little he is thinking of peace- by calling for 600,000 more volunteers for a twelvemonth, or, as tho alter- nativo, the enforcement of a draft-a draft in which so money payment will now avail to obtain exemption, The awful druin of human life ia at length telling seriously upon the population ot the North. One state has sent one BLVinth of its entire population into the field ; in the west women are wurkiug in tho field ; and farm labourers, so valuablo have they become, aro everywhere fluttered and petted to their hearts content. There is, happily, a prospect of a largo falling off in the European supplv of the raw material for Southern powder. Wo have had during the past montb, both in Parliament und the ' prtES, such an exposure of the ntrocioas system of kidnapping, hocussing, and bribing newly-arrived immigrants to feed the slaughter-pens of Virginia, that there has been a considerable urrest of the exodus from our shores. Somo of the accounts of the cruelties perpetrated upon these dupes and victims by friends, in tho shapj of American patriots, are horrible and heartrending. To put persons on their guard, the emigration commissioners have issued a notice, warning them of the efforts which will be made to entrap them on reach- ing New York, and instructing them how to proceed. Multitudes, by a forced change of naroo, aro totally lost to their parents, wives, or other relatives. ScorêB have been shot for atlempting to effect their escape, and hun- dreds, it is believed, are now dying in prison. Tho evil has become so monstrous that Mr. Seward begins to feel some qualms of conscience ; but even he, it appears, is often thwarted by his collenguoi and subordin ites. The unpopular Mr. btanton has resigned. Tho passport system has been introduced by tho Washington Government. Admiral Farragut, with fonrteon ships and three ironclads, passed Fort Morgan, Mobile, on the 5th inst. The Confederate rams Tennessee and Selina were captured, and the ram Gaines' beached. Admiral Buchanan was wounded and captured.- Tho Federal Monitor Tecnmseh was sunk. The'fleet is approaching the city. The Federals have occupied Dauphin's Island, at tho extremity of which Btands Fort Gaines, commanding one of the flanks of the entrance to Mobile Boy. CAPIDBK or TUB GEOBOIA.-The Federal cruisers have been doing a little business which may occasion trouble. The American frigate Niagara has for some time boen look- ing out for the Georgia steamer, which for- merly was without doubt a Confederate cruiser, but is said to have boen sold at Liverpool to a Mr. Bates, and by1 him char- tered to the Portuguese Government to ro n be- tween Lisbon ana the Azores. On this errand sbo was speeding underEoglish colours on the 16th inst., when she was brought to by a couple of BhotB from the Niagara. lier captain and crew were transferred to that vessel, her papers retained, and it is supposed that she was sent with a prize crew to Now York. The crew were landed at Dover two days ago. It is toba hoped that the Federal commander had at least a colourable pretext for seizing the vessel, and that it was not done merely as a set-off to the imaginary claimB of the Federals against England for letting the Alabama go out of our ports. Having failed to procure from tho banks of New York the funds of which he stands sorely in need, Mr. Fessenden is now appealing to the Northern people for a loan. As til« slightest consideration must show that the 'terms he proposes are not commercially ad 'vouiageous,. he throws himself upon the patriotism of, his fellow-citizen*, and begs them for once to furgit the almighty doll Ar, and lose sight of the rate per cent. " This is not," he nreos, " a time for any lover of his * country to inquire as to-the state of the money market, or to ask whether he can so invest his capital as to yield him a better rs tum." This kind of argument is not likely to be very successful with, the moneyed class of the North. \ LATEST NEWS. The arrival of the St. David, with New York advices to the 12th, has been telegraphed fro m Greencastle. She brings official Confederate despatches announcing the surrender by Colonel Anderson of Fort Gaines to the Federal fleet under ithe command of Ad- miral Farragut. This step appears to have been taken after strict orders had bean given by the general-ln chief that the fort should be detended. Colonel Anderson's conduct is pronounced inexplicable and shameful ; and certainly the f ict that the capitulation was arranged in defiance of su perior orders, gives It the aspect of treason. Federal accounts allege that the whole Con- federate fleet at Mobile, except ODO vessel, has been sunk, beached, or captured. It is also stated that Sheridan's forces aro moving up the Shenandoah Valley, where it is not improbable tbey will'experience tho same fate which their predecessors encountered at the hands of Stonewall Jackson, and more recent!} of General Early. The rumour that Mr. Stanton had resigned is contiadicted To show the alarm whioh pervades society in Pennsylvania, we may mention that the Governor has recommended the Legislature to equip 15,000 militia for the defence of the state. ENGLISH MONETABY AND COM- MERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (FBOR OUR OWN COBKESPONDENT )' LONDON, Auo. 26. ' The weather has been, for several weeks, a topic of more absorbing interest than olther domestic or foreign politics. In some seasons, rain, pitiless and incessant, is sent like a watery curse; but during the present oomet nry summer the sun has become a scourge. For four months we have experienced almost unbroken sunshine. Our climato seemed to be losing its traditional character. Um- brellas were fast going out of fashion, except as sun shades. A universal longing for rain has, for some lime, been the predominant feeling; but the desired blessing was with- held week after week, A clear sky was be- coming a cause of serious discontent ; a bright mcrning was gazed at with positive dread and disappointment ; and many a dis- trustful heart has again and again oharged the glowing sun with cruolty. Besides the personal inconvenioaco endured through the sultriness of the air, the earth became baked under the unmitigated fierceness of Its rays ; the pastures were parched, scorched, and embrowned ; watercourses and ponds wero dried up; springs failed, canils sank, rivers ran low, reservoirs grew daily more and more alarmingly shallow ; cattle perished, or had to be parted with to save them from death; the pticoof meat rose seriously; the green crops of autumn, so urgently required for winter forage, area failure; the produce of hay, though of good quality, is extremely scan!}'; and great anxiety has been felt in respeot to the corn tropB. Happily, the solici- tude of the country has been in some mea- sure relieved. On Sunday last a severe thunderstorm (the only considerable one we have bad all tho summer), accompanied by abundance of rain, effected a completo change in the temperature. Monday was a drench- ing day, and occasional refreshing showers ha\o fallen sinco; while the air, so long sultry and relaxing, has become cool and. bracing. Harvest is too tar ad- vanced to be very detrimentally affeoted by this agreeable change, and an estimate of results may be approximately formed. After a personal visit to several parta of the coun- try, and a perusal of accounts from all quarterp, I arrive at the couclusion that wheat will be nearly an average crop, short in stalk, but good in quality ; of barley and oats the reports are very conflicting, accord- ing to the nature of the soil, but tbey will not fall short of a fair average : peas and beans have suffered muoh from blight, and from the drought ; potatoes are small, but ex- cellent In quality ; turnips and mangold are almost total failures hitherto; apples and plumeare plentiful. Harvest operations are nearly over in the south, and in the midland counties, and everything has been garnered in magnificent condition. Thus we have a prospect for tho winter of cheap bread, but dear meat. MONETAUT OSOILIiATIONS. Tho money market continues in a very feverish condition. The short space of a month has been marked by constant vicissi- tude, and the opinion of men of experience and penetration is that things will be worse before they begin to mend. The financial world has been in a state of perturbation, arising from the uncertainties nffeoting our monetary supplies. Owing to tho high rates of discount that rule, the inscrutable influ- ences at work to spirit away our gold, aid the violent fluctuations in the position of the Banks of England and France, a feeling of chronic disquietude has seized on the com- mercial public. No ono can tell what a week may bring forth. In the middle of July a considerable reduction in the bank rata was generally looked for. As the month ad- vanced, however, great stringency sot in, which culminated in au udvance from six to seven on the 25th. S.ill the bul- lion ebbed away ;? and on the 4th inst. a fntther . advance wus made from seven to eight; and euch was the excited con- dition of the market at that juncture, that a spring to nine per cant was generally expected. Indeed, eight and a-half and nine per cent, were In many cuses exacted by the Bank of E ngland. A calmer ton« aftorwards supervened, und the thieatened movement did not take place. It is thought that the previous pressure had been mainly caused by the engómese of the public to over-supply themselves, ia anticipation of higher terms. Ui.der tbe induct ce of an eight per cent minimum, the resetvo of the Thr<>alneedle. street emporium has steadily augmented, so that the probability of an eaily reduction begius to be discussed. Owing to tho compe- tition of the gieat discount houses at seven and a-half, tbe husmeos at the Bank for seve- ral dajs has been very moderate. Under diese circumstances, it would appear, in tho natural course of events, that a down- ward movement should immediately take place, but the position ot tue linrket is BO exceptional nud sensitive that the dire i tors will probably hesitate awhile bjfore making any change. Any considerable re- duction in discount would at once be the signal for the emission of a shoal of prot>pec tuns. The Continental demand for gold has slackened ; but an outflow of silver tj tho Fast has simultaneously taken placo. > In the Steck Exchange the charge for short advances is between four aud five per cent, and for longer periods sown per cent. Government stock droops and droips con- tinually. The present quotation is about eighty-nine, being one per cent, lower than it was last month iat this date. 1 last month explained that the malu cause of this depres- sion was the euperioi attractiveness of the new financial schemes before the,country. On this subject the Standardot the 24th has the folio w ing elucidatory remarks:-"The continuous influx of stock to the Con-ol market is attracting almost universal attention. The lato extensive sales seem to have, in a great measure, ceased, and these are now known to have come principally from banking sources, either for London or « provincial purposes.' Soma of the country banks have, it is be- lieved, sold to strengthen thoir position, and others to provide for harvest demands. At the same time there is a theory very much canvBEsed at this moment, whether ia one direction a great number of the new Invest- ments arenot absorbing capital hitherto placed in Consols. Reduced, s.a., while ; ia another the advanced rates obtainable for money on deposit at moderate fixed periods havo certainly diminished tho current of invest- ment in the English market. Many of the brokers and jobbers, bear testimony to tho purchases they aro effecting of sound, solid securities from the proceeds of Consols or other English stock sold for the special ob- ject. With these amounts passing from hand to hand, the quotation is kept depressed; and till some general good buying takes place it is not anticipated there will be a rally. Be tween this and the payment of tho dividends the tone of things may alter, and then the Court of Chancery will probably have Intestments to make, which, with re- investments by the public, will exeroise a beneficial influence." Tho Euglibti and foreign stock markets havo been unsettled and dull. The uncer- tainties riBpicting the coursa J of money, ap prehenBlonB regarding tho fate of the harvest, aud tbe'absence of a.ilarge number of the members of the Stock Exchange,: bave, in ! . I . ! . . . combination, tended to check speculation. Spanish securities have improved, owing to a report that Senor Salaverria will shortly be displaced, and that his successor will be pre- pared to dealing liberal spirit with the debt. The late news from America has exercised a marked effect on Confederate stock, which .has fluctuated between 72 and 80}, Banking shares/stimulated by tho prevailing high rates for money, have been looking up. After a general decline in railway shares early in the month, a recovery has set in. Tho metal market has been very unfavourably affcctäd by the Btringenoy of discount accommoda- tion, i II. For many months an enormouB absorption of United Status bonds has been going on in Germany. 'A perfect infatuation sooms to have seized upon the Teutons ; Holland, too, has fallen into the samo folly. Over £30,003,000 sterling, it is estimated, have found purchasers in these countries. ' , Dulness has characterized the market for Australian securities. The state of the money market has had much to do with this ; but the large amount of Australian and New Zealand Debentures now before the English publio has not been without its effect. ' Ia spite of the failure of the Union Bank of Australia the other day with the £50,C0O Queensland loan, the same Agents coolly bring out £270,000 of the same debentures, which they offer at a reduced minimum, and state that they have £307,000 more to bring out in November next. The Crown,agents for colonies continue to advertise the million loan for the General, Government of New Zealand, Lut it is well'known that thoy have not sold any. It is most "uawiso to be press- ing upon our overstrained market at a junc- ture BO critical. ' The old-cstabliBhed banks stand well, and their shares cannot be purchased under the quoted prices. The lately-formed banks are dull of sale. ' Below are the latest quotations of Aus- tralian securities and shares : Aug. 26. Namos of Companies, io. Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock GOVTUtNHKNT STOCKS Victoria Government, 6 per . coat. (Jan. and July) Co., do. (April Mid Oct.) . Now South Waloa, 5 percent, 1860 to 1870 (Jan. and July) Do., do., 1871 to 1878 (do ) .. Do., do., 1B8S to 1892 (d3.) .. South Australian, 6 per cent, (Jan. and July) Holbourne Corporation, Opcr cent. (May and Nov.) Goolong Corporation, 6 per cont. (May and Nov.) New Zealand, 0 par cent. Queensland, Ó per cent (Jan. and July) >. COMr-AMKa' PONDS. Goolong and Melbourne Hall- way (1807), Govornmont .. Melbourne and Hobson'a Bay Railway, 7 per cent Bondi (1803). BAKES. New S. Wale», ox now Bharos Australasia .. .. Union of Australia South Australia London Chartered of Aus- tralia . English, Scottish, and Aus- tralian Chartered .. Oriental . New Zealand ,. Victoria. gaoomland. togo.' »INKS. Yudnamutana of South Au), Australian Mining .. ., Port Phillp Mining- Compan). Bon Accord Coppor .. Dun Mountain Coppor Mino Scottish Australian Mining . Kapunda, S A... .. '. Worthing Coppor, S.A. MlSCBlliAMBOUB. Holbourne and Hobson's Bay Ballway . Pool River Land and Mineral Scottish Australian Invest- ment . Australian Agricultural South Australian Land North British Australasian Land. Van Biemon's Land Agricul- tural . Trust and Agency of Austral- asia . New Zealand Trust and Loan English and Australian Cop- por Company Panama and Aust. Boy. Mall 100 100} OG »S Bfli 100 10S 102 100 102 241 20} sa IT} 40 17J pjr 2} i dis. ipr. 68J-59J 42 120 ox dir. 22 80 60-70 Ml 1 1 <!* LOANS AND JOINT-STOCK COSIBANIES. Tenders are again invited for £270,000 de- bentures for tho colony of Queensland, the Government having reduced the previous limit. The Union Bank of Australia, as financial agents for the Government of Queensland, lately advertised for tenders for £50,000 in sis per cent, debentures. When the ap- pointed day arrived it was found that only £2,600 was applied for at £100 and £102, being below the minimum price, £103 10s. 6d. Such has been the almost uniform result, for several successive months, of the various applications for financial assistance made by the Email colonial Governments of Austral- asia. Instead of going into theBe quiet and rafe investments, the passion of the publio just now is to embark in some of those huge speculative associations which afford ample Bcope for gambling excitement and large profits. A healthier feeling will prevail ero long; but not until a great monetary on vulslou has swept away Boores of the spurious and swindling projects which now Infest and bewilder the commercial -world. A few organs of the press have sounded the note of warning; but a majority of our finan- cial authorities aro doing their utmost to lull the public into a state of false security. Facts aro constantly transpiring which dis- close something of the fraud, misrepresenta- tion, and falsehood which underlie many of those mngnifloent enterprises which dazzle the eyes of hundreds of dnpes, 'and attain for a season those marvellous premiums which have quite eclipsed the venerable Tiireo per Cints und such-like humdrum securities. And we may look for a startling multiplica- tion of euch revelations during the coming winttr. A recent trial in connexion with an asphalte company, which will bo found re Sorted in thiB month's English papera, may e taken as a type of a very extensive class of BYviudltB. Meanwhile, the pleasant and pro- fitable work of compauy-tnanufacture goes mernly ou. Ev(n this sultry month of Au- gust, when the Stock Exchange mually cal- culates on a brief interval of quietude and inaction, bas witnessed a fresh array of mone- tary bubbles. The hungry concoctora are no doubt anxious to moke hay while the sun Bhints. Tbey are perfectly o ware that tem pcBtuous days aro not far off. Of course, I do not menu to say tt.at all the subjoined new Eohenii s are nlikc b id ; there are somo grains of wheat amidst the mass of chaff. Tho fol- lowing will give nn idea of the enormous clarm8on the floating capital of the country, which every month is augmenting : Tho Mining Financial A<soclation, with ,", capital ol.£1,1)00,000 ' Credit Fonoior for Spain (rlimou od) .. 8,000,000 llioliriporlal Mexican Hallway Company, under good auaj ices . Tho Land Crodlt Company of Ireland .. ThoNatnl Investment Company Tim Morth mt Shipping Company Tho London and West India Exchange 2,700,000 1,000,000' 500,000 1,000,000 Bank. Unknown. Tho Peninsular, West Indian, and South- ern Bank . 2,000,000 Tho British and Netherlands Bank .. 2,000,000 The London Engineering and Iron-Ship " Building Company., i,,' .. ,, 500,000 The Nor« ogian Charcoal Iron Company.. 150,000 Tho Rlnclilntong Tea Company (Darjeeling ' in Bengal). NotBtated. Tile National Boilor IoBuranco Company 100,000 Tho Locomotivo Cotton Press Company 100,000 Tho Abominan Work« . 600,000 Tho " Conneetlnp; Shipowners" .. ,. t 1,000 000 Tho Mcrsoy Stool and Iron Company .. 8JO,000 Tho London and General Wator purifying Company. 100,000 Tho Now Laxoy Mining Company ,. 18,000 Tho Freemasons' Tavorn Company ,. 05,000 The Guildhall Tavorns Company .. .. 100,000 Tho Rosherville Hotel Company.. .. 60,000 Tho Manchester Shipping OlBcea and i i Packing Company. 100,000 Tho Cornubia Tln-mlnlng Company .. 30,000 Tho Coara (North Brazil) Water Com- pany. 00,000 Tile Crystal Sanitorium Company .. i '250,000 The Eastorn Bengal Jute manufacturing Company. 250,000 Tho Shcopbridgo Co»l and Iron Works .. 600,000 II on ott and Company, an undertaking formed far tho purcliaso of the bushiest, fishing-vessels, stock, plant, &c;, of a large fishing firm. 250,000 The Kllcrolia.no Slate and Slab Company. 40,000 Tho National Tramroad Company .. 100,00 J Wilton'i Music-hall. 20,000 The Australian Mortgage. Land, and Fi- nance Company (Limited) bave announced their intention to grant annuities on lives. In explanation of this announcement, it is mentioned that " the high rate of lutorest procurable by this corop «y from its invest- ments' in the Australian colonies furnisher thtin with a means of according to atinui tams timilar advantages to those alr.mdy en- joyed by debenture-holders in connexion with colonial investment" ! i An iirriDgeruunt has boen announce 1 for the absorption of the Imperial U ink of Ohinn, India, and Japan, which was started in April last with a subscribed capital of £600,000, by the Bank of/ Hindostán, China, and Japan, 'which was started in 1662 with a capital of £l,000,0CO. The decision of the Emperor Napoleon with reference to the Suez Canal has been published. The total indemnity to be allowed to the company for surrendering the stipula- tions of the 20th of July, 1856, and for relin- quishing certain territories, is fixed at M.OOO.OObf, <£2,100,000). This will probably cause, at an early date, the intrcduction of another Egyptian loan in the London market. ¡ i "The speculative madness now prevalent here," says The Times, " is mild in contrast with accounts from the Indian Presidencies. At Calcutta and Bombay especially, all olasseB are in a vortex of excitement. According to the advices by tho but mail therage for joint-"1 Block banks was increasing, and another new concoction at Bombay bad augmented the total of such establishments in that city to twontj-five-or about four times the number which, up to a very recent period, had been found sufficient during nearly a quatter of a century for the wants ot London. Tho fresh concern Is styled the Bank of China, and be- fore allotment its shares went to a pre- mium equal to eighty-five per cent. The Financial Association of India, by whom it has been introduced, was about at the same time to double its own capital, and thus, to manufacture additional piemiums according to the infallible method. In fact, all the contrivances to which wo are ac cuBtomed here from professional promo- ters wore being doveloped in ifull force, For a moment, however, even banks and finance companies had become of ecsondary Importance owing to the overwhelming at- traction of a Bombay land scheme. For years past Ineffectual efforts have been made to bring about an improvement of the harbour by a reclamation of certain parts of the shore at a spot called Back Bay. Until recently the public had no heart for tho work. At length it was undertaken by a company called tho Bombay Reclamation Company, with a proposed capital of £2000,000 in shares of £1,000 each. Apparently it at first attracted no particular fervour, rs 400 of the shares remained unallotted, These were offered to the' Government, and refused. They were then put np to auction, and speculation having by this time become rampant, the Bale was carried on in the midst of un- paralleled agitation until the whole were dis- posed of at premiums, which brought to the company in hard cash a clear profit of £1,200,000 sterliDg." DIVIDEND MEETIS08 OS AUSIKAMAH COM- PANIES. The annual general meeting of the Aus- tralian Agricultural Company was hold on the 2Cth ult. The balance of profit on De- cember 31 was £17,925 7s. 2d. A further dividend of 7s. 0d. per shaTe wai declared, and the balance, amounting to £2,025 7s. 2i" was ordered to be carried to new account. Tbo first annual gathering of the pro ptietors of the Queensland Sheep Investment Company took place on the 27th ult, the object of the meeting being to review the pro- gress of the company during the past year. They had 60.0GO Blieep on the only station at preeent purchased, but other stations would be added as opportunity offered, and it was expected that the £20 per share would bo called up. Some shares were reserved for the colonists. A dividend was declared on the 29th ult. at a meeting of the Scottish Australian Invest- ment Company. The position and prospects of the proprietary were said to be good, and the most lavonrable results were anticipated from tbe addition of new capital. Tho shareholders of the Dun Mountain Copper-mining Company met on the 5th, to encourage each other's confidence in the ultimate Buccess of tbo entsrprize. The divi- dends were not now a great way off. A sister company had been formed, ia Flintshire, which is expected to open up a lucrative market for the Dun Mountain ore; indeed, £2,000 had already been received from tbis new customer. There were prospects, too, of gold turning np on their territoties. The Worthing Mining Company is not yet in a position to reward the long-tried patience cf its constituents, arising, not fiom the non productiveness of the mine, but from the low ptico of copper of late. But better days were coming. On the 18tb, the English and Australian Copper Company declared an ad interim divi- dend of 2s. per snare. The directors of tho Biak of Australasia, on the 22nd, announced a dividend at the rate of fourteen per cent. It was resolved to receive deposite at the London office, at in- terest, for fixed petieds. Mr. John Ethoridgo, formerly of the Union Bank of Australia, and manager in London since its commencement of tue London and South African Bank, has been appointed general manager in Liverpool of the Eastern Exchange Bank. SUSPENSIONS. Messrs. Newby, Carson, and Co., in the East India trade. Liabilities, £400,000. The assets expected to yield a fair dividend. Mr. Ferdinand Fraukenheim, merchant, in consequence of losses from share speon'atlons. Liabilities, £120,000. Mt ES1 s. Woodward and Podmore, wholesale sugar dealers. Liabilities, £30,000. < Messrs. Cjrpi, Bragglotti, and Co., in the Le* ant trade. Liabilities, £20,000. Mr. B. W. Goode, gold-chain makor, of Birmingham. Liabilities, £45,000. Messrs. Ford, Curtis, and Curtis, ship pro- vision merchants. Liabilities, £200,000, A dividend of 3?. IJd, in the pound is an- nounced by Messrs. Johnstone, Cooper, Wintle, ond Co, tho accountants under the efctate of Messrs. Rossiter and Lazwus, of Moorgate-streer, and Sydney, who suspended lu July, 1863, to those creditors who sent out Sowerd of attorney through Messrs. Ashurst, fords, and Co, the solicitors to the estate. A further dividend of about 2s. 4d. ia the pound will be payable in two months' time. TRADE BETDRNS, EMIQKATION, &0. The Board of Trade returns for the month of June apain present extraordinary totals, the declared value of our exportations having been £18,978,520, whioh is £2,7C0,999, or twenty-four per cent,, in excess of those of the corresponding month of 1863. Compared with June, 1802, the increase bsB boen to the unprecedented extent of forty-five per cent.-a fact whioh will account for the active employment of money, and the main- tenance of high rates of discount. These re- turn* complete the half-year, and it appears that tbe value of our export trade for that period has been twenty-six per cent, ab ive that of the firot mouths ot 1863, and thirty six per cent, above that of the preceding year. It appears, from a return j ust issued by the Bo&ru;\,of Ti ade, that the total receipts on railways in England and Wales for the year 18G3 amounted, on 8,508 miles of railway, to £20,212822. including £12,262,416 for pas eenaer traffic, and £13,950,406 for goods traffic. The total receipts on the Scotch rail wajs, 2013 miles in length, amounted to £8,421,921, including £1,316,833 for passengers, and £2,108,088 for goodB. The total receipts on the Irish railways amounted, on 1,741 milec, to £1,618,654, including £942,279 for passengers, and £676,375 for goods. The total aggregate traffic receipts on 12,322 miles of railway in the United Kingdom for the year 1863 amounted to £31,156,397, and for the year 1862, on ' 11,551 ' miles of railway, to £29,128,658, showing on increase of 771 miles and of £2,027,839 in the receipts, of whioh £1,418,296 was for goodB traffic, and £609,543 for passenger traffic. CESSATION OP Euron ATION.-"The vast tide of emigration which haB for so long a period flowed ceaselessly from our shore," says the Cork Reporter, " has at length almost subsided. The fine Bteam-vesselB In which the last place waa usually filled, now depart all but empty. The laige crowds who daily clamoured for poBSBges have disappeared. So great has been the decrease of numbers that the emigration agents have reduced their charges consider- ably, In the hope of resuscitating their trade. The charge for steerage passage has been reduced by the Inman Company from seven guineas to fivo guiñóos, and by Messrs. Cummins Brothers to six guineas nomi- nally. It is expected that before a month elapses the rate will be as low as £3 10s. per head. A plentiful harvest at home and the absence of inducement to the other side of the Atlantic appenr to have acted power- fully and quickly in changing the destiny of many of our impulsive countrymen." The Australia, Chlua, and India mail which h as just arrived is the largest ever known in this country. It contained nearly 140,003 lette», upwards of 80,000 newspapers, and more than 8,000 registered letters. It is at length unnounced that the Post- master-General has cancelled the contract of tho Gain ay Royal Atlantic M iii Steam Packet Company, and that the affairs of the company are now in proueßB of winding np. IMPORTATIONS OF WHEAT AND FMTJB. Notwithstanding the extraordinary ^character t of tbe lost harvest, the importations of wheat and flour duringtbe first half of the present year have been in I the aggregate 'nearly as large OB those in; the ^corresponding period of 18&3-a circumstance to be accounted for by the fact of our own'farmers having held back their supplies from dissatisfaction at tho cur- rent prices. Our importations of wheat during the Bix months were seven per cent, less than the asme six months of 1863, but those of flour were fourteen per cent, larger ; so that the ac- tual rotuli, reckoning the two in their respec- tive proportions, ¡B that the quantity of foreign wheuten food taken has this year been only about one per cent, less than in last year. Compared, £owever,with the first half of 1862, there has been a reduction of about thirty peri cent. As regards other grain, our im- portations of barley have been forty uer cent, lees than those of the first half of 1863, of oats and beans fifty per cent, less, of peas forty Beven per cent, less, and of Indian corn nearly eighty-seven per cent. less. ENGLISH: SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVALS. Australia, at Gravesend 27th July, from Melbourne. Edwardlhornhil), at Qravcsond 22nd August, from New Zealand. ! ? Liberator, at Gravesond 80th July, from Sjdnoy. Napier, at Gravesond 12th August, from Nelson. Orwell, at Gravesond 21st August, from Sjdnoy. Roxburgh Castle, at Gravesend '27th July, from Molbourno. . Strathdon, at Gravesond 20th August, from Sydney. Truo Briton, at Plymouth 17th August, from Mol- bourno. DEPARTURES. Ardbcg, from Deal ISth August, for Auckland. Anglesea, from Beal 10th August, for Port Phillp. Albert' William, from Beal 8th August, for Auck- land. i Benares, from Qravosoiid 2Slh Ju'y, for Port Philip. Blackwall, from Gravesend 11th August, for Sydney. Batavia, from Deal (from Hamburgh) 10th August, for Melbourne. British Trident, from Gravesend 6th August, for Auckland. , , Ballarat, from Gravesond 23rd August, for Wel- lington. Chill, from Deal, 28th July, for Otago. Columbine, from Deal, 5th August, for Sydney. Champion of the Seas, from Livorpool 0th August, for Melbourne. Claru Novello, from Liverpool Oth Augmt, for Adolaldo. City ot Adelaide, from Gravesend 7th August, for Adolaldo, Colonial Empire, from Gravesond 3rd August, for Sydney. Dawstone, from Gravesond 31st July, for Molbourno. Dona Anita, from Deal Stb August, for Canterbury. Devonshire, from Livorpool 0th August, for Sydney. Edinburgh, from Deal 3rd August, for Adelaldo. Egmont, from Deal 3rd August, for Port Philip. Fiery Star, from London 28th July, for Moreton Bjy. Glenora, tem Deal 30th July, for Sjdnoy. Glendower, from Gravesond 21st August, for Mol- bourno. Hascldcn, from Gravesond Eth August, for Canter but j. lición, from Clyde 22nd August, for Sydnoy. Kent, from Plymouth 27th July, for Fort Philip. Kosciusko, from Gravesend Sth August, for Fort Philip. La Bogue, from Deal 28th July, for Sydnoy. Lansdowne, from Deal 2otli August, for Molbourno. Murray, from Gravesend 30th July, for Adolaldo. Mayflovv er, from De ii 5th August, for Portland Bay. Melrose, from Gravesend 2Ut August, for Sydney Nimrod, from Gravesond 12th August, for Auck laid. Percy, from Gravesond 21st August, for Hobart Town. Queen of Australia, from Liverpool 3rd August, for Melbourne. Ravensbourne, from Gravesend 31st July, for Mel- bourne.' ' Rifleman, from Gravesend Uth August, for Sydney. Roso, from Grav esond 22nd August, for Sydnoy. Stornoway, from Deal 18th August, for Sydnoy. Sam Cearns, from Liverpool 27th July, for Mel- bourne Tarquin, from Deal 0th August, for Adelaide, Windward, from Gravesend 29th July, for Hobart Town. Wooloomooloo, from Deal 80th July, for Sydney. Yorkshire, from Gravesend 21th August, for Mol- bourno. , VESSELS LOADING. AT LovBOir. For Molbourno.-Prido of tho Ocean, Wave of Lifo, Indemnity, Bed Rover, Coleroon, Hoxburgh Castle. For Sjdnoy.-Duncan Dunbar, Damascus, Waltor Hood, Noumiahal, Cinderella, Vimcira, St. Hilda, Liberator. For Adolaldo.-Alwynton, Heather Boll, Rockcliff, Verulam, Harwich, St. Dunstan, Amicus, Constantia, Alcbymist. For Hobart Town -Bobert Morrison. For Launceston.-Midla Brown, Fugitivo, S* turnus For Moreton Bay-Valetta, Golden City, Witch of the Tees, Charlie Palmor. For Port Adam.-Travancore. For Swan River.-Hastings. For Eockkampton.-Triumph, Jolly. For Now Zealand.-Foam of tho Sea, Ylctory, Ma- tos!, Viscount Canning, Nolson, Eastern Empire, Ze- landia, Geelong, ltav onscrolg. Napier, Celaons, Rum- sey, Anno Wood, Gloriosa, Wild Duck. AT Livnrtroor,. For Melbourne.-Queen of Beauty, Annie Wilson, Eurynome, Red Jacket. For Sydnoy.-Montmoronoy, Crest of tho Wave. For Moreton Bay.-E. A. Bright Tor Auckland.-Zealand, Mystery. AT GnAsaow. For Molbourno.-Herald of the Morning. AT LKITH. For Melbourne.-James Wishart. VESSELS SPOKEN WITH. F. O. Clark, from Dundeo to Melbourne, 28lh Juno, lu lal. Hdcg. N. 1 ng. 2lldcg. Vf. Gala, of Liverpool, from the Clyde to Now Zealand, 3(nh July, in lat. 4ldcg. N., long. lOdeg. W. Broadwater, from London to Hobart Town, 13th June. Covontry, from London to Sj dnoy, 11th Juno, in lat 8dcg N., long 25dog. W. Jane Bell, to Adolaldo, 1st August, in lat. 48dog. N., long. Edeg. W. Hermione, from New York to Otago, 0th July, In at 32deg. N., long. «dog. W. Brinca Rupert, from London to Melbourne, twenty six dajs out. Hamilla'Mitchell, from Clydo to New Zealand, tvventy-nlno dajB out. Golden Sunset, from London to Canterbury, 2nd Mardi, In lat, 30dcg. N., long. 17deg. Vf. Queen of the South, from Australia, 10th August, lu Tat. «Meg N., long. Udcg. W. George Canning, from London to Wellington, 3rd A pi ii, Ml lat. lldcg. S., long. 20deg. W. Albert Edward, from Sjdnoy. Has arrived at San Francisco. SHIPPING ITEMS, (i-noji Tim HOSIE NEWS ) Sim- LAU.VCUKS.-An iron sailing-vessel, of 800 tons, has been launched hy Messrs. S. and U. Morton, Vic- toria Dock, Leith, named tho James Wishart, Hor lunln and furo masts, bowsprit, and mainjard aro iron; and her rigging, which will bo of wiro, will bo com- pta ed after tho mott approved piinclples Sliowill tail for Melbourne in u fovv weeks. Messrs Potter Brothors'jard, llaffln-atroot, Liverpool, lauuclied, on July 21, a screw steamship, which ia lntcndod for the catlle trade between Now Zealand aud Australia. This votsel, vvlilth waB nahicd Clio Lady Darling, by Mrs. Henry Blight,' has boon built for Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co., of Liverpool. Hor length between perpendiculars is 10O foot, br.adth of bonn tvvonty oiglit, feet, and sixtcon feet eight inches depth of hold. Her tonnage is 72i tons, old measurement; but she has a carrjing capacity equal to upwards of 1,000 tons, bhe is entered at Lloyd's, AA for tvvelvo j ears, and classed ia the books of the Llvtreool underwriters for twenty j ears Her engines, which liavo boon uanufacturod by -Mears. Morrison, of newcastle, aro of niuety-liorse nominal power, but will practically act up to 120 horse power. Messrs Randolph, Elder, and Co., of Glasgow, havo just launched tho Payta, a stcanior, 200 fr-qt lu length, and 1,810 tons measurement, for tho Pacific Steam Navigation Company. Tho ceremony of chrlstoning was performed hy Miss Just, daughter of Mr, Just, the managing director of the company. Thrco stcamors, of 2,000 lons and 400 horso power each aro In course of construction by the samo builders for tim Pacific Company. The Government emigrant ship Tarquin sailed from Plymouth cn August 20, for Adelaide, South Aus- tralia, with 274 Government emigrants, consisting of 01 married people, 107 single men, 40 singlo women, 22 boysahd 23 giris botweon ono and tvvolve j cars of age, and 11 Inluuts, under tho care of Mr. W. H. Pears:, U.V., surgcon-supcrlntendent, assisted by Mrs. J< sale Skewing, matron, and Mr. James Fletcher, schoolmaster. Her Majesty's Emigration Commissioners have en- gaged the BockliS for the conveyance of passaagors to Adclaido, at £12 18s., and the Charlio Palmor, for Brisbane, at £12 16s, per statute adult Both vessels to tall earl) in September. 'iho Emigration Commissioners havo also chartered tbo St. Hilda, 1,000 tons, for tho couvejanco of emi- grants to Sydney, Now South Wales, at £1210s. per statuto adult. The St. Hilda is appointed to'receivo her passengers at Plymouth, and to sail about'tho 20th September next. < < TiioiMlnlatcr Faliud, for Melbourne, was despatched by Gerbaulot and Co. from Rotterdam on the 10th of August, having on board 0,800 red and SOO green cases geneva, besides equal to 10,200 boxes candles. Hie btrathaHon sailed from Portsmouth for New Zealand on the Oth of August, after repairing. Tho W. II. Hazoldon, which sailed from Qmvoscnd on the 6th of -August, takes a numbor of-valuablo sheep for Improving the colonial stock. The Murray sailed from Plymouth on August 5, with a full cargo, and her complement of passongora, for Fort Adelaide. She has on board two sploudid short-homed bulla, and one short horned cow, ordered out oxpicssly for tho colony by Mr. Robert Daven- port aud Mr. Walter Duffield. This ship toon, out for the South Australian Banking Company a largo amount of specie in silver and copper com. Tho Ardbeg, Al tnirteen years, Messrs. Boulder Brothers and Co-'a packet for Auckland, has sailed with tbo third party of Church of England special settlers and a largo number of passengers, for whom assisted passages have been provided by Messrs. Alex. Ï. Ridgway and Sons, agents for the Provincial Go- vernment of Auckland. ? ,Tho Fiery Star sailed on the Oth August from Queenstown to Queensland, Captain W. li. Yule, com- mander. The Hcry Star ia tho forty fourth vessel that 1ms sailed on the land order system of emigra- tion under tho immediate direction of tho Queensland GoH-iriuient, She contains <83 sauls. THE YELVERTON CASE. (PKOM. THE I10HB HEWS.) On July 28 the judgomont of the House of Lotds in this*'case was delivered. The facts havo been so often reported, that they must bo! familiar to our readers. It may suffice, therefore, to say that the respondent is Marie Theresa Yelverton, formorly Longworth, and she claims to be the lawful wife of Major Wil- liam Charles Yelverton, a son of Lord Avon- more, and now heir presumptive to that title, formerly of the Boyal Artillery, by virtue of a ceremony and form of promise of marriage gono through between the parties in Edin- burgh, and which the respondent contends is a good marriage according to,tho law of Scot- land, and also in virtue of a ceremony of mar- riage gono through between them according to the rites of the Roman Catholic Ohuroh, at Bcstrevor, in Ireland. After the marriage the appellant and respondent cohabited together for some time as man and wife, but in about a year after the alleged marrlago the appel- lant married another lady, Sirs. Forbes, widow of the late Professor Foi bes, of the Uni- versity of Edinburgh. In consequence of the claim set up by the respondent to be his wife, the appellant brought a suit In the Court of Session in Scot- land, the object of whioh was to havo it declared that he wes free from all matri- monial bonds in relation to the respondent, and tbo respondent simultaneously brought her suit to bave it declared that she was by the law of Scotland the wife of the appellant. These suits wero practically brought to trial together in the court below, and, in the first instance, the Lord Ordinary made an interlo- cutor by which ho decided that tho respon- dent was not the wile of the appellant: and on an appeal taken to the judges of the first division of the Inner Houee, this de- cision was reversed lby a majority of the judges, the Lord President being in the minority, and an interlocutor was made de- claring the respondent to be tho lawful wife of tho appellant by the law of Scotland. Against this decision tho present appeal was brought, and was argued for sometwolve days before theil lordships. The Lord Chancellor, having gone through the arguments at great length, concluded by saying:-I must givo my opinion that there was a valid ceremony by promise in Scotland, and that they were and are man and wife. Lord Brougham wai not present; but the Lord Chancellor averred that that noble lord con- curred in the opinion which he had just enounced. Lord Wensleydale said ho was clearly of opinion there waB no marriage in Ireland, nor was there any valid matriage de verba de pressenti in Scotland. It was im- possible to como to the conclusion that there was any complete and nnconditional promise of matriage in Scotland ; and there was no- thing in the subsequent correspondence to establish such a promise-nor was there any ptomlso in futuro. There was no proof of copula in Scotland. He was sorry to be obliged to reverse the judgement of the noble lords below. Lord Chelmsford said ho had examined the facts with the utmost care, and he had arrived at a conclusion wholly irrespective of feeling; and, while 'being of opinion that there was much to blame hi the conduct of both parties, he was of opinion, on the evidence and the law applicable to the case, that the respondent had failed to esta- blish her claim to bo tho lawful wife of tbe appellant. Lord Kingsdown, having pro- nounced against the Iribh marriage, said ho was of opinion that tho respondent had failed to establish a valid marriage with the appel- lant, and therefore the judgement of the court below ought to be reversed. The j udge ment of the House, therefore, by a majority of three noble and learned lords to two, was that tho decision of the court below be re- versed, and the marriage between tho appel- lant and the respondent be declared to be void. The above judgement was given in the hearing of an unprecedented crowd of listeners, who not only filled every part of the spaco allotted to the public, but invaded that portion of tho outer floor which is Bet' apart tor tho reporters of the House, and for counsel aud solicitors, BO that no lawyer had tbo con- venience of a seat txcept the Attorney-Gene- ral. Gooip for tho last few days had been pretty consistent in its whispers that the judgement would be adverse to the lady; bat its assertions as to who were to be for and who against her wero too conflicting to entitle them to any credit. For the first third of the Lord Chancellor's speech it was impos- sible to say what his final judgement was to be, and his carefully-balanced phrases and ptopositions did not fail to give lise to fluc- tuations of hope and fear on both Bides. Al- most immediately after declaring his own opinion to bo favourable to the lady, he stilted that Lord Brougham concurred in it, and also in certain passages of the opi- nion of Lord Currichill, which he was speci- fying, when he WOB interrupted by Lord Chelmsford rising to order, in a ,very excited manner, aud objecting to his quoting the opinion of an absent lord, more especially; when that opinion was ad- verse to the judgement about to be pro- nounced by the House. On this first intima- tion of a judgement adverse to the side which the public has in the mass espoused, either from innate gallantry, or from some inarticu- late sense of justice, a perceptible emotion ran through the crowd, all held their breath, and the countenances of many fell. The Lord Chancellor's eloquence and clear, far-reaching legio seemed in a Utile while to convince them that it could not be, in the faco of argu- ments so strong and unanswerable; and at the emphatic, solemn close of his speech theie was a sort of Btifled applause-stifled partly by awe for the place and the tribunal, and partly by the almost total inability to move hand or foot. When the Lord Chancellor had finished Lord Wensleydale rose, and clear elocution and clear logic gave place to almost tolul inauoibility and altogether' total confu- sion of thought ; the unexpressed substance of this aged peer and once famous special pleader's judgement being that it is impos- sible to adduce credible evidence of an Irre- gular marriage, according to the law of Scot- land. Lord Chelmsford was quite audible, and more than sufficiently rhetorical and shallow, when commenting on this case iu general, and the^anduct of the lady in par- ticular. Lord Kingsdown read easily, grace- fully, and melodiously. His opinion, though more hostile to the lady than any of the otheiF, was undeniably able, perspicuous, and dexterous, and was indeed the only ono of the three opinions on the samo side that wai alove common-place. As to the matter of promise of marriage, Lord Wensleydale and Loid Kingsdown held there was no sufficient promise of marriage. They were not satisfied with the expressions-the one in a letter con- gratulating her on her supposed marriage, and telling htr, "You have thereby earned my lasting gratitude, for I found I had placed my- self in a false position in regard to you, and one of all others the most painful to me, in that I had promised more than I could have per- formed when the time came ;" and the other in a letter expostulating with btr against re- vealing their marriage, or contract of union, whatever it was, and justifying himself to her, saying, " I have never willingly .de- ceived yeu; and I, bave done moro than I promised, and at great risk." They said both of them that marriage is not in those sentences distinctly referred to as the thing promised,' and that is tnie; but these sen- tences had some meaning, and, if marriage was not the thing promised, what was 'it ? The words implying promise are quito as dÍBtínct as they were in the case of Honeyman, when the gentleman had written " Nothing can prevent the felicity I look forward to, for it is happiness Banctioned by virtue itself." Lord Wensleydale had some hazy notion that the first of these sentences relating 1» promise imported some condition as to time ; and his opinion was, in effect, that if aman promise to a woman in Scotland " I will marry you in a year," and in six months take her home to live with him as his wife,, that tbat would not be a valid Scotch marriage a kind of doctrine that will bo rather astonishing to Scotch lawyers, and which has no authority whatever, either in Scotch law or in reason. He seemed to think also that it was sufficient to dispose of the second sen- tence by saying-as he did, indeed, la the course of the debate, only too late to allow of explanation and correction-that "whatever he bad promised ho had done." Not a doubt of it, and that is what the respondent said. She said he had promised to marry her, and be bad done it, and bad gone through the Rostrevor religious ceremony "at great risk " in addition. That is attaching an intelligible meaning to the sentence, and fixing upon a definite thing OB the tbiog promised. All opinion as to the validity of tbe Iriih marriage was avoided by the Lord Chancellor. It was disposed of by Lord Kingsdown on the footing that no marriage was intended, which is pro- bably a new light on the law of marriage in. facie ecclcsiie in Ireland. And it was held to be null by Lord Wensleydale and Lord Chelmsford under the 19th Geo. II., cap, l8» on the ground that Major Yelverton was. within a year of its date, a Protestant in tho sense of ikat act, though ho had engaged ia no un- equivocal act of religion. _ Printed «oil published by noon Gwniai, st TUB AHOUB onioo, Collini-strcet, Holbourne« far Vfuww ana MACKIKKOH, proprietors. 