Sales by Auction. ., - AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. To Merchants, Importers, and Commission Agonte. WE beg to intimato that wo aro now prepared to make CASH ADVANCES to any amount on merchandise of ovcry description that may bo placed in our hands for sale. Our terms will bo found exceedingly modorato, and account sales rendered with despatch. NATUL. HARRIS and Co. Now Commercial Sales-room, Bourko-streot. ~ THIS DAY. To Hotelkccpers, Speculators, and tho Public Grand Cricket Festival. On tho Melbourne Cricket-ground. The Great Eleven A Sido Match. To Tako Placo on tho 3rd, 4th, and 6th of Mareil. Salo of tho Sites for tho Booths, -\TATHL. HARRIS and Co. havo been honoured JLT with instructions from Mr. George Marshall to SUBMIT for PUBLIC COMPETITION, at thoir Now Commercial Sales-room, Bourko-streot, on Mon- day, February 20, at twelve clock, Tho sites for tho booths for tho grand crlckot match of tho English Twclvo divided six a side, who will bo supplemented by Ovo a sido of tho best Victorian playors. This grand display of cricket will no doubt attract a greater number of spectators than tho former match of the All England Elovon, not only from its novelty, but that a greater amount of real cricketing scionco will ho exhibited. Purchasers of the former sitos will do far bettor this match thun tho last one, mid should secura a good stand for tho ensuing grand cricketing festival. Apian of tho ground caa bo seen at Mr. Goorgo Marshall's, Swnnslon-strcct, and will bo in tho rooms of th« auctioneers on the morning of salo. Note tho day of salo for the sites of the Booths Monday, February 20, at twclvo o'clock. ~i THIS DAY. Tlio Grand Cricket Match of tho Groat Elovon A Side, Willoh Takes Placo on tho 3rd, 4th, and 6th March. . M'GIRR'S LONG PAVILION and BAR. TtTATHL. HARRIS and Co. have received Instruc J.1 tions from Mr. M'Oirr to SUBMIT to PUBLIC, CÛMPETlTTON.attholr New Commercial Salo-roonvi, on Monday, February 20, at twclvo o'clock, Tho uso of lib grand pavilion for tho match on tho 3rd, 4th, and 6th March. It Is completely fitted with ovcry roquiremont for conducting a largo business. Tho collar contains four casks of Tyson's Carlislo ale, in splendid condition and ready for use, with two hcer-cnglncs attached ; also, a capital stock of wines, bottled beera, Se., which, with tho uso of tho glass varo. &c.;, can bo arranged for with the owner, If required. WEDNESDAY, MAROU 2. Preliminary Notlco. To tho Boot and Shoo Trado of Melbourne tivd tho Vicinity. 00 Pnckogcs Boot« and Shoes, ox Hurricane. "XTATHL. HARRIS and Co. havo rocoived tnstruc XT tiona from tho importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their Now Commciclal Sales-room, Bourko-streot, on Wednesday, March 2, nt olovon o'clock prompt, 00 packages ot boots and shoes. For positive and unreserved sale. Full particulars in Monday's Issue. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To Wino and Spirit Merchants, Hotclkcopors, Storo kcopers, Dealers, and 'Tradesmen, In Melbourne, Goolong, Ballarat, Bondigo, Sandridgo, Williams- town, St. Kilda, Brighton, Prahran, South Yarra, Flomlngton, Sydney-road, &c.; Most Important and Absoluto Solo of the Wholo of tile woll-sclectod Stock of Wines and Spirits of J. Cox, Esq., Wino Merchant, &&, Tomplo-eourt. MR. STORES will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, by ordor of the abovo-naiucd lnoreliant, and pre- liminary to his retiring from business, lixod for Friday, tho 4th day of Mareil, 1801, at tho wine- vaults, Temple-court, to coinmenco at twolvo o'clock pro elf ely, Tho whole of tho abovo stock, amongst which aro, ?viz.: 80 hhds. 2 quarter-casks and octaves, and about 000 doz. of the most choleo Australian Wines, Duty free, And 30 Illida, and casks of Old Sydnoy and Adelaide Wines. Also, Sherries, palo dinner, dry, goldon, and amontil 1 lado Ports, thrco-grapo, four-diamond, and Hunt's fino old, caiscd Champagne, Moot and Chandail, ¿se. Sparkling moselle, Dcinhard's and Jordan's, &c.; Sautemo, Chateau des Portots Brandies-Honncnsy's, Ronault's, Lo Roy's, &c; _ Genova Rum Ales, Marzettl's and Dawson'«, hulk and bottle \- Stout, Barclay and Co.'a and White and Co.'s. Tho Australian wines aTO in splendid condition, and icady for immediate use. " T'omis at Salo. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. For Sale. 'Villa Residence. Beautifully Situated at tho Intersection of the Boun- dary and St. Kilda roads, Elstcrnw lok. MR. STUBBS is favoured with instructions ro- coived from tlio proprietor to SELL hy PUBLIC AUCTION, at his auction rooms, 81 Collins-street, on Tuesday, tho 1st day of March, sale at twclvo o'clock precisely, AU that two-storied brlek-bullt Villa Uosldenco and Premises, situated as abovo, admirably adapted for tho rcsldonco of a merchant, or lady's scholastic academy. It standB upon an area of four acres of land, extend- ing along a largo frontogo to both roads, favourable for Bubdivision, and tho prospect of futuro profit. It lias five rooms above and five rooms below, with vcrandnh and balcon», overlooking tho watornnd »hipping in tho hay. It Is now occupied hy a respectable tenant, who will bo happy to permit Intending buyers to viow tho premisos. To gentlemen In public offices, capitalists, or othors, arishing to sccuro a good property to thoir own' tasto, and would consequently appreciate an opportunity xvhoro ovcry exterior may bo perfected, tho sa'o of Ibis villa roBldonco on Tuesday, tho 1st March, will bo interesting. Title, unencumbered, to bo scon at tho rooms. Terms-One-third cash, and the residue at tlircoand nix months', bearing 10 por cont. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. Marino Rcsldonco and Four Acres Land, near tho " rroporty of Captain Colo, Elstornwlck. For Positivo Sale. MR. STUBBS la Instruct«! by tho proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at tho rooms, 81 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, March 1, at twolvo o'clock, A splendid brick-built rcsldcnco, containing 10 rooms, with brick stables, coachhouses, and ' outbuildings. Together with 4 acres of fenced land. Tlie wholo within 100 yards of tho beach. TorniB-Ono-thlrd cash, bolanco at threo and six months', bearing interest. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2. East St. Kilda, in a Nico Situation. Within Four Minutes' Walk of Chapol-stroet, Balac- lava, and Fitzroy-stroot Stations. To PorsonB Inquiring for tho Purchase of Small Well built Onianiantal Freeholds, cither for Rosldonco or Rent-roll. MR. STUBBS will SELIi by PUBLIC AUCTION, ai his rooms, 81 Collins-street, on Wednesday «oxt, tho 2nd Morell, 1804, nt twolvo o'clock pre- cisely, Two very neat brlek-bullt vorandoh housos, with four rooms each and passago, sltuato In Littlo Inkormann-strcet, closo to Chapel-stroot. and contiguous to Alma-torraco (thoy oro now lot to respcctablo tenants, producing 183. per wook,) known as Hondcn-cottagos. Thoy liavo Blatcd roofs, paranot walls, and neat crowning cornices, and will bo sold cheap, Tenus-One-third cash, and tho residuo at throo and Jour months'. Title guaranteed. Cliapol-strect Railway within eight minutes' walk. THURSDAY, MAROU 3. To Families at St. Kilda Furnishing, &c.; Neat Choice-Selected Housohold Furnlturo and Effects, Ac. MR. STUBBS Is favoured with Instructions, ro- coived from Dr. Sall, Staff Surgeon-Major, leo., io SELL, by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rcsldonco, Octavin-stroct, st, Kilda, near the Junction, on Thursday, tho 3rd Horeb, solo at twolvo o'clock jirccliely, - The wholo of the above gentlemanly suite of .' hpusohold furniture, Jic. Catalogues at Bale. Terms-Cash. Sales by Auction. TUESDAY, MARCH 8. In tho Estate of the Provident Institute Properties for Solo at Warrandyte, Prahran, Moorab- bin, Wallan Wallan, Will Will Rook, Maribyrnong, Moorooduc. Gisborne, Northcote, Schnapper Point. FixedI for Tucsdaj', Sth March. MB. STUBBS Is favourod with instructions re- ceived from E. Courtney and J. Langlands, Esqs., olliclal and tindo assignees in tho catato of tho Provi- dent Institute, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, 81 Collins-street, Melbourne, on Tues- day, 8th March, to commonco at twclvo o'clock pro Thô following wcll-soloctcd froobold properties and estate, viz. : Loti. All that ploco or pared of land, situate In tho parish of Warrandyte, county of Evelyn, con- taining, by admeasurement, 37a. 2r., being part and portion of Soction 2i, forming Lot 14 of the plan of subdivision ; with a small farm-houso erected thereon. Lot 2. All that ploco or parcel of land, situato in tho parish of Prahran, county ot Bourke, boing Íiart of Allotment G, of Portion 72, niarkod as ot No, 12 on plan of subdivision, fronting Barkly-strcot, 32ft. frontngo, by 131ft. depth ; with a weatherboard house, with slated roof, erected thereon. Parish Moorabbin. Lot 3. All that píceo or parcel of land, containing 25 ncros, being Lot 44 in a certain deed of convoy nuco to one Nicholas Woro of part of tho Brighton ostato, commencing at a point 20 chaîna west from tho junction of Ccntrc-road with Jospars-road ; tho vvliolo fenced in, and Under Cultivation, with certain buildings thcrooii. Lot 4. All that pieeefor parcel of land, parish of Wallan Wallan, county of Bourlto, being the southorn half or Portion 58 of bald parish ; boundod on tho weat by a rood 1 chain vvldo, and com- prising 50 Acres, Togethor with two dwollingliouscs, Btablos, stock j-urds, garden of half-acre, p'antcd with fruit trees. Lot B. Parish of Will Will Rook. All that piece or parcol of land, comprising 29a, lr. i7p., parish Will Will Rook, soction No. 2, with a two-roomed iron cottago eroctcd thorcon. Seo further description at tho rooms. LotO. All that plcco or parcol of land, containing by ad mcasurenicut 04 Acros, Situated in the county of Bourke, pariah of Mari- byrnong, allotment li., of section 0, bounded on tho north by a road thrco elmina wida, and south by tho Kororoit Creek, ka,, boing tho land sold as Lot 43, OtlilOctober, 1852. Lot 7. Northcote. A four-roomed houso, erected on Lots 75 and 70 of Sec. 05, lately in tho possession of Joseph Elliott. Lots. 120a. lp., moro or les», situate In tho county of Mornington, parish of Moorooduc, being Por- tion 03, facing two Government roads, and Is a ilrBt-clnis property, and known as Joseph Porta's. Further particulars will bo mado known in a future advertisement, Including thoso of tho Gisbomo, North- cote, and Schnapper Point proportlcs. Tenus-One-third cash, and tho residuo at thrco and six months', bearing 10 por cont. Interest. TUESDAY, MARCH 8. Preliminary Notico of tho Sale ! or Maritlnio-VHIa. Prettily Situate- at the Corner of Walsh-street, Toorak, and Gardiner's Crcok-road, South Yarro. Thls property Is particularly recommended to gen- tlemen of tasto and Bubatatico, for it must bo pleasant to livo In a suburb which appears to bo tho favour!. locality or so many leading families, and so sociable that it reminds one of tho friendly realities mlnglod with tho English residents in the good old Bolgic town of Bruges. MR. STUBBS therefore avails hlmsolf of tho earliest opportunity to inform tho public that It will bo SOLD by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooina, 81 Collins-atrcot, on Tuesday, tho 8th day of March, 1804, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, Togethor with Tho opposite corner, and tho next allotment, ad- joining tho residence of tho Hon. W. Haines, M.L.A. Title guaranteed. Tenus-Tlirco, BÍX, nlno, and twelve months, with one-third deposit. Noto. Tho villa is now occupied by Dr. Thomson, M.D., «Se, at £120 per annum, and the opposlto corner ts undor leoso for three years and upwards, at £100 per nimiim. Further particulars will appear in a futuro adver- tisement, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 0. Metropolitan Announcement. Preliminary Nutlce. To Capitalists, Engineers, Wool Merchants, Gontlo liicn Interested in the Purchoso of Central City Proporty, Contractors, Pailway Plant and Carrlago Buildors, and Others. MR. STUBBS lias the pic-¡moto announce to tho Victorian public, nionoycd gentlomon rcstdont In Now South Wales, Adelaido, nobart Town, Laun cc8301!, Dunedin, Queensland, mid Otago, that ho has boen instructed by William Yuille, Esq., poaltlvoly to SUBMIT and SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho premises, on Wednesday, tho 0th March, 1804, 6alo at twelve o'clock precisely, Tho whole of that magnificent colossal block of central city property and premiaos long and popularly Known throughout tho Australian colonies as KIRK'S nORSE BAZAAR, including That liant-orno two-Btory shop and residence occupied by Mr. Jenkins, with tho olllccs of Messrs. Dalmahoy Gunpboll and Co., Mr. Goorgo Coghill, Mr. Clarko, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Solicitor WIdgcry, and Messrs. W. E. and A. S. King, situate in Bourke-stroot. Also, All those tho live stone-built houses, occuplod by Mr. Piorco. Mrs. Poppor, Messrs. Gramorand Pciizhols, jewellora, Mr. Grofo, locksmith, and Mr. -, carpenter, situate In Llttlo Bourke Btrcot. Tho whole to lie Bold cither in ono lot, or according to a plan of anbdlvlsion, which will bo submitted to tho inspection of the public before the solo. Titlo unexceptionable. Terms at salo. Further particulars in futuro advoitiscmcnt. SATURDAY, MARCH 12. PRELIMINARY PUBLIC NOTICE. Moatyn-strcot, Castlemaine. Absoluto and Positivo Solo. MR. STUBBS announces instructions rocoivod from tho proprietors to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, and knock down to the highest bidder, on Saturday, the 12th day or March, on pro lnisos, at twolvo o'clock precisely, Tho vvliolo or thoso extonslvo premises situate at tho comer or Mostyn and Urquhart streets, Cas- tlemaine, having OOft. frontage to tho former by 105ft. in dopth to tho latter, known formerly as tho Commercial Hotel, and latterly as Tho Groat Repository for 1 Cobb's Coaches, ka. Terms and other particulars in futuro advertlac mciit. Titlo guaranteed. Also a small allotment of six feet, adjoining Mr. ThompäOll's, in tho said street. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10. To Novvly-Arrivcd Immigrants, Fanners, Graziers, Cattlo Salesman, or Practical Agriculturist Pleasant Farm, Of 758 acres, w Ith a Frontogo to tho Plenty Rlvor of Tlirco-Quartcra of a Milo, subdivided into Paddocks. MR. STUBBS Ia instructed by tho proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, nt his rooms, 81 CoUins-stre-. on Wednesday, tho lath March, 1804, at twelvo oclock prcclsoly. The abovo agricultural and grazing ostato known na Pleasant Farm. Fuller particulars of which will appear in a future ruh crtlscmont. Tenus-Onc-thlrd cash, and tho residuo at threo, six, nine, and 12 months', bearing eight per cent, por annum. Title guaranteed. Situate at Whittles-., about 28 miles from town. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. At Two o'clock. Without Reservo. Half-Aero of Land. Foot-erny. On tho Ground, Closo to Railway Station, Allotments 170 and 180, Vlctoria- streot. Adjoining tho Cottage Rcsldouco of Mr. Mackintosh. WILLIAM GLEDHILL will SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, as above, on Tuesday, Mardi 1, at two o'clock, No reservo, Tho abovo valuable and ollglblo allotments of land. Titlo perfect Tenns-cash. Note.-Tliis land is to Uic right of tho station, on the hill,_' SATURDAY, MARCH 5. Threo o'clock, Orchard, Fruit-garden, and Cottago Residence. Cultivation Paddock and Two Acres Valuablo Building Plot Tlirco Acres Planted with 800 Choleo Fruit Troos, in Full Bearing, and Weighed Down In Crop. Beclitve-road, Hawthorn. A Mile and a Half from Railway Station. WILLIAM GLEDHILL will SELL hy AUCTION, at Flotehcr'u Hotel, Hawthorn, as above. Seo future advertisements and placards. -William Ole«-lilli, auctioneer, 32 Lonsdalo-strcct wost._ SATURDAY, MAHCU B. Fivo o'e'ock, Four-roomed Cottago, Eniorald-hlll, Subject to Olio and a Half Shares In Building Society. WILLIAM GLEDHILL will SELL by AUCTION, on the property, 08 Moray-placo, Emerald-hill, as above, Four-roomod weatherboard cottago ; land 83ft. frontngo to Government road by 75ft. deep. No Reserve. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. Baltic Red Deals, 0x3. Redwood Boards, 0 x 1, 7 X1, 0} x 1. Tn. LEMPRIERE is instructed by Messrs. Smith, . Strachan, and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at tho Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, tho 1st March, atoloven o'clock, Ex Queen of Nations, 851 rod deals, 0x3 3010 redwood boards, 0 x 1, 7 _ 1,0_ x X. Now landing. Terms at Sale. Bales bv Auction TUESDAY, MARCH 1. First-class Irish Car. Ex Great Victoria. MM'OAW and ANOTHER will SELL by AUC . TION, as instructed by M. M'Carthy, Esq., at tho Boyal Horse Bazaar, at tu elvo o'clock noon, 1 very superior outsido Irish cor. Just imported. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. Thoroughly Good Carriago Horse. MM'CAW and ANOTHER will SELL by AUC . TION, at tho Royal Horso Bazaar, at twolvo o'clock, on Tuesday, 1st March, 1 dark boy gelding, six years old. Thoroughly broken, splendid action, and very good in single or douhlo harness. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. To Farmersaud Othors. MM'CAW and ANOTHER have received Instruc . tlons from Dr. Batlio to SELL by AUCTION, at tho Royal Horse Bazaar, on Tuesday, 1st March, at twelvoo clock, 15 superior colts anil fillies, sjltnblo either for the farm, dray, or paekors. No hesorvo. WEDNESDAY, MAROU 2. Important Sale of Very Heavy Draught Colts. M'CAW and ANOTHER have boen instructed by Murdock M'lntosh, Esq., to SELL by M AUCTION, at the Royal IIortoBazaar.on Wodncsday, 2nd March, at twelvo o'clock, 20 heavy draught colts, comprising - 10 colts, three years old, by Prince Charlio, out of tho Messrs. M'Intosh's colcbraicd prize marcs. 10 do, by tho celebrated Imported Clydosdalo siro Goldflndcr, out of good moros. Horses so bred require no comment from tho auc- tioneers. No Reservo. FRIDAY, MARCH 4. Solo of Superior Horao and Dalry Stock, Farming Implements, Primo Hay, &c.; To Fanners, Horne Dealers, Dairyman, and Othors. MM'CAW and ANOTHER havo rccolved lnstruc . tiona from Mr. James Patton, of Patton'» Hotel, near Whittlesea, on tho Yan Yoan-road, twenty five miles from Molbourno, toSELL by AUCTION, on tho farm, on Friday, March 4, at devon o'clock prompt, 10 heavy draught horses 10 colts and lillies, by tho imported horso Samson, ono and two years.old 10 draught brood mares, flvo with fool at foot by Young Reformer, and in foal again to Horn castle 16 first-class saddle and light harness horses 20 very superior dairy cows, full milk, and springing 20 heifers, two and threo years' old 20 Btcors, two and three years old, fit for yoke or butcher 60 tons well saved oaten hay 50 do do wheaten do 2 horso ploughs 2 pairs harrows ( 2 bullock drays 3 horse drays 1 light spring cart 1 four-horso portnblo thrashuig-machino 1 winnowing machino 1 horso power chaflcuttcr 1 horso roller, &c.; Note.-In consequence of tho extent of tho solo, It will commence at eleven o'clock prompt. To provont disappointment, no stock will ho offered that Is not tho bona-fldo property of tho advertiser. MONDAY, MARCH 7. Great Farm Sale. 100 Tons Good Hay. 20 First-class Heavy Draught Horses. 30 Well-hied Dnlry Cattlo. Implements, Dalry Utensils, &e.; MM'OAW and ANOTHER havo rccolved iiiBtruc . tlons from Mr. John M'Phorson to SELL by AUCTION, at his farm, Glenroy, eight miles from Molbourno, on tho Moonco Moonee Ponds, on Monday, 7th March, at oloven o'clock sharp, Tho wholo of his crop, vory valuablo horso and dairy stock, Implements, &c;, comprising 100 tons, moro or loss, ol'good hay, in two stacks 21 really first-class heavy draught horses, in- cluding 2 powerful geldings, sound and stanch 3 very fino heavy mares, in fool to Benledi 1 do do, do Olydo 1 do do, do Planet 1 do maro by Princo Charlie, in foal to Champion 2 threo-year-old colts, by Princo Charlie, very powerful 1 two-year-old filly, by Blackleg 1 do do, by Champion 1 do do, by Douglas 8 yearling fillies, by Princo Charlio 2 good hack horses 20 superior cows, in full milk and springing 10 woll-brcd heifers, quiet, han. -reared 12 voiy superior working bullocks, with gear, &o.; 8 drays and fra-nes, 3 ploughs, rollor, borrows, horso hay-rako, chaff-cutter, harness, dalry utensils, and a great variety of other imple- ments and sundi les too numerous to particu- larize. Terms at sale. No Reserves. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 0. Great Cattlo Solo. \- 200 First-class Dairy Cows. 160 Hand-reared Heifers, Well Bred. 60 Primo Bullocks (Fat). Threo Pure-bred Durham Bulls. 30 Heavy Draught Horses. 40\. Primo Fat Pigs. MM'CAW and ANOTHER have been honoured . with .instructions from David Gorman, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at lils form, Sprlngvnlo, two miles cast from Bovorldgo, on tho Sjdnoy-road, 24 miles from Mclbounio, on Wednesday, 0th March, at eleven o'clock Bharp, Tho wholo of his very valuablo dairy cattlo, horse stock, and pigs, comprising 100 primo well-bred dairy cows, in full milk, and springing 40 well-bred three-year-old heifers (hand reared), and heavy in calf 110 two-year-old heifers, by Durham hulls 40 one-year-old do 30 very heavy draught colts and fillies, by Prince Charlio, and other imported sires. 40 primo fat pigs, fiom 601b. to 3cwt. Tho auctioneers have great pleasure In rccommond Ing the abovo to tho attention of parties requiring really first-class dalry and horso stock, fooling con- fident that anyone attending tho sale will ho thorouglily satisfied with tho quality of oithor tho cattlo or bones to bo oftorcd. Thcso cattlo have boon inoculated, and aro guaran- teed clean at present. Tonna at cale. No Reserve. THIS DAY. At One o'clock precisely. 20 Acres Poddock, Part of Section 10J, Nunawading. For Auction, Without Reserve. By Order of tho Mortgagee. JH. KNIPE is authorized to SELL by AUCTION, . at Gadsby's Fann, opposito tho residonca of Ernest Carter, Esq., Dolanoy'a-road, Upper Haw- thorn, this day, 20 acres of land, good soil, enclosed with sub- stantial three-railed feuco, being port of Section 100, Porlßh of Nunawading, at tho south-west comer of Kcfford's Fann, about 12 milos from Molbourno. Absolute solo. Title guaranteed perfect, and Terms-Cash. THIS DAY" At Twolvo o'clock Prompt. Most Important to Doirymon, Farmors, Private Families, Butchers, and Others. 40 Head of First-OlasB Cattlo, in Primo Condition, Consisting of Milk Cows, Cows in Calf, Sprlngera, Helfors, and Cnlvos. Also aNoblo Bull by Lord Raglan. ' JH. KNIPE is authorized to SELL by AUC . TION, this day, at Mr. Gadsby's paddock, one milo Molbourno sido of tho Royal Hotel, and oppo- sito tho residonco of E. Carter, Esq., Dolanoy's road, at twolvo o'clock prompt, About 40 head of good useful cattle, ; alBO, bull, Luxhall, tin eo years old, by Lord Raglan ; war- ranted freo from all kinds of disease. Noto.-The owner is compelled to soil Inconsoquonce of the Government having lately rolot by auction tho run on which tho cattlo were grazing. Tonna-cash. Please toko special notice of the date, placo, and hour of this important salo by auction. J. IL Knipe, auctioneer mid cattlo salesman, 00 Bourke-strcct cast. THIS DAY. By Order of the Executors In the Estate of the late Joseph Cater, Esq. Nos. 30 and 41 Goro-stroot, Near Victorla-parado. J BELLIN has rccolved instructions from tho oxo . cutors in tho abovo cstoto, to SELL by AUC- TION, on tho ground, on Monday, February 20, nt one o'clock, Thoso two convenient brick-built verandah holmes. Nos. 30 and 41 Goro-strcot, having a frontago of 32ft. Oin. by a depth of 130ft. to a right-of-way 20ft. wido. Each houso contains four rooms, with kitchen and serrants' bedroom, flower gar- den, back and front, with brick yard and wood shea. Present rentals, £05 per annum, clear of all rates and taxes. The auctioneer having positivo instructions to sell, con confidently recommend this property oithor as an Investment, or to persons requiring a comfortable homo in ono of the best positions in Fitzroy, The houses will he Bold separately. Terms-Half cash, residuo threo months without in- terest. Titlo, flrst-rato. J. Bellin, auctioneer, valuer, and nionoy-broker, Fitzroy Auction Mart, 00 Gertrude-street. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. Unreserved Sale of 200 Acres of Land, in Parish of Yan Yean. J BELLIN lias boon instructed by tho executor of . tho lato Miss Harriett Wright to SELL by AUC- TION, at Forbes's Whittlesea Hotel, on Tuesday, March 1, at one o'clock, Tile northern part of Section 2), palish of Yan Yean, which will bo divided into two farms of about 100 acres each. Lot 1, now occupied by Mr. O. Cade, has a frontage to tho river of about l8 chaîna, la all fenced In, and dh ided into paddocks, and has a flvo-rooinod wooden house, with barn, Btabling, &a;, erected on tho ground. Lot 2, now occupied by Mr. M'Wigan, is all fonood in and divided into paddocks, and has a two-roomed houso and outbuildings erected thereon. Thora is also a roadway to tho river. Tho auctioneer can confidently recommend intend- ing purchasers to inspect thcso forms. The soil is good. A farmers' common of about flvo squaro miles joins Lot 2, and there is abundance of water. The leases of the present tenants oxplro on 2nd April next; and tlio property must be sold, lu accordance with tho circctlons contained in tho will. Titlo gool Torms at Bolo. J. Bellin, auctioneer, laluor, and monoy-brokcr, Fitzroy Auction Mart, 00 Gertrude-street. Soles by Auction. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 00 Packages. Consisting of Choleo Wlntsr Goods, ox YorkBhiro. WAnd S. GARDINER will OFFER tho abovo . choice shipment for PUBLIC COMPETI- TION, at an early dato, whon futuro particulars will bo 'ssucd. _ TUESDAY, MARCH 1. Salo of HATS and CAPS, Being Balance of Shipments Ex Pride of the Ocean, Wave of Life, Wallacea, And Royal Standard. To Hatters, Drapers, Warohousomon, and Others. WAnd S. GARDINER will SELL by PUBLIC . AUCTION, at their rooms, 20 and 23 CoUins street, on Tuesday, the 1st March, tho following lots, commencing at cloven a.m. precisely, HATS and CAPS. Boys' black cloth caps Youths' do do Boys' Manilla caps Men's straw Richmond hats Do drab fishers Do do Chester Do do Stanleys Do do, and black Tasmanian» Boys' and youths' drab Otagos Do do Norfolks Boj's' straw boating hats Men's do do, In all new styles and shapes. Boys' and youths' straw hats, Piinco of Wales Do do, Alfred Do do, Chesters Do do, flsliors. Terms at Sale._ TUESDAY, MARCH 1. '. Sale of Drapery, Slops, Shirts, Blankets, &c;, Being Balance of Shipments Ex Pride of the Ocean, Wave of Life, And Royal Standard. To Drapers, Warehousemen, Dealers, Up-country Storekeepers, and Others. WAnd S. GARDINER will SELL, by PUBLIC . AUCTION, on Tuesday next, commencing at cloven a.m., tho following goods : Men's regatta shirts Do Crimean do Do Melton do. SLOPS. Youths' millers'molo trousers Men's do do do Boys' printed molo do Men's intercolonial diagonal Bedford trousers Do tweed trousers Do do vests Do do sac coats Bo paper collars, plain and enamelled. MANCHESTER. 331n. grey calico 36in. do 72ln. do 72111\. flax sheetings 33ln. longcloths 32in. imitation Horrocks's 5-4 purple prints 0-4 to 12-1 toilet quilts Bolton sheets' Whito twill do Drab, whito, and groy coutillc stays Wincey skirtings Plain winceys Mixed Moiton cloths, heavy. BLANKETS. Bluo blankets. Terms Liberal. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. Bath B'ankots, And Tollot Quilts. To Drapers, Furniture Dealers, and Job Warehouse- men. WAnd S. GARDINER havo received instructions . from tho importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins- street, commenc- ing at eleven o'clock a.m., sharp, 4 bales Bath blankets 2 cases toilet quilts. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. For tho Benefit of Whom it May Concern. Damaged by Sea-Water. Ex Pride of the Ocean. 33in. and 30in. Gray Domestics. WAnd S. GARDINER have received instructions . from the importers to SELL by POBLIO ATJCÎTON, to tho highest bidder, commencing nt eleven o'clock a.m., 1 balo 83m. groy domestics 1 do 30in. do do. All more or less damaged. Terms - Cash. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. Unreserved Salo of Three Cases of American Leather Cloths. To Conclibuilders, Upholsterers, and Cablnotmakcrs, WAnd S. GARDINER have received instruc . tlons from the importora to SELL by PUB- LIC AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Collins-strcot, on Tuesday next, at cloven am., 3 cases American malone leather cloths. Without reserve. Terms at Salo. TUESDAY. MARCH 1. OH Baizes. Unreserved Sale of Three Cases of 0-4 Wood and Leaf Oil Baizes. WAnd S. GARDINER havo received instructions . from tho importers to SELL, nt thoir rooms, by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Tuesday noxt, 1st March, 3 cases 0-4 wood mid leaf oil baizes. Commencing at cloven a.m. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. RGOLDSBROUGH and Co. havo received instruc . tions to SELL by AUCTION, on Tuosday next, at thrco o'clock, at Raleigh's Wharf, On account of whom it may conconi, 177 bales wool, Ex schooner Melbourne. Catalogues on application at their warehouses, Bourko-atreet. FRIDAY, MARCH l8. Important Salo of Stations At Goldsbrougli's Wool Warehouses, Bourkc-streot west, Melbourne. RGOLDSBROUGH and Co. avili offer for SALE by i AUCTION, at their wool warehouses, Bourke Btrcot west, Mclbounio, on Friday, 18th March, at three o'clock. The following station proporties, viz : That first-class run, THELANGERIN, On the Lachlan River, together with 20,000 sheep, all in fine condition. Tlichingorln comprises 220 Bquaro miles of country, tho pick of tho river, being olio of Mossrs. Phelps and Chndwlck's old stations, and w eil known as the choleo of thoso gentlenicu when thoy had nearly tho whole river to select from. It is situated 30 miles from Hay, and 17 miles from Maude, on tho Murrumbidgee, and has a frontage of 10 milos to tho Lachlan, in addition to tho great advnntago of having a permanent lake on tho back country, caused by an ana branch of tho river. Its capabilities may bo estimated at 40,000 sheep, as much ol'the country is untouched, and on tho hack blocks permanent vvator Is readily obtainable. Tho improvements aro excellent, and aro nearly now, having all been erected by tho present proprietor during the past two years, and compriso eomfortablo houso, largo woolshed, drafting-yards, sheop-yards, &c.; Also a paddock of 2000 acres. Tho wethers wcigli up to 001b. each, and havo realized top prices in tho Melbourne yards. Also, MOREEP, on the Moorabool River, near Meredith, to- gether with 2000 sheep, from two- tcoth up- wards, and principally young owes. There aro 2030 acres of purchased land-rich black soil, unsurpassed hi Victoria-and also 3000 acres Crown lands. Tho improvements render it ono of tho most com- pact and deslrablo properties over offered to tho public, and consist of slx-roomod houso and out ofilces, splendid garden of 10 acres, well stocked w ith vines and fruit-trees; also wool-shed, cattlo and sheen drafting yards, &c.; ; in fact, ovory possiblo requisito. Tho purchased land is all fenced in and subdivided into paddocks, whilst a considerable portion is laid down in grass and clover. Tlie run will cany 0(00 slice]), and boing abundantly watered and centrally situated, would mako a first rnto depot for stock intended for tho Ballarat or Mel- bourne market. Every facility for Inspection will bo afforded by tho owners of tho above stations, and as they aro all for positivo sale, such an opportunity for investment in squatting proporty rarely prosonts itself. Full particulars, and terms of salo of each run on application at the offices of the auctioneers. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. 143 0 x 3 Spruco Deals. 11011 x 8 Do. CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on the . Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, 1st March, at cloven o'clock, Ex Albert, 143 0 x 3 spruco deals 110 11 x 3 do. Torms at Sale. TUESDAY, MAHCH 1. 170 Light Hogshead Staves. 40 Heavy Pipo Do. C8. ROSS and Co. will SEL-L by AUCTION, on . tho Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, 1st March, at olevcn o'clock. Ex Albort, 170 light hogshead staves 40 heavy pipe do. 'fenns at Sale. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. 105,700ft. Clear Pine. 120,824ft, Hil. Shelving. 100,204ft. lill. White Pino T. and U. Flooring. 103,310ft. lin. Spruco T. and G. Do. 3072a. ljin. Do Do Do. 100,000 «ft. Oin. Sawn Laths. SOO Barrels American Calcined Plaster. S. ROSS and Co. will SELL hy AUCTION, on tho Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, 1st Morell, at G eleven o'clock, Ex Susan M. Dudman, 105,700ft. clear pino, Hu. to SJin. 120,824ft. lin. shelving, 12in. to22in. wide 100,201 ft. lin. white pino T. onda flooring 108,310ft. lin. spruce do do 367Ï1U Hin. do do do 160,000 4ft. Oin. sawn laths ' 300 barrels American calcined plaster. Terms at Bale, Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock. On tlio PromlBcs.ilOO Little Bourko-atroet. Tlio Balance of tho Stock of Galvanized Corrugated Iron, Bolts, Nuts, and 1 Washors. To tho Ironmongery 'Prado of Molbounio and i f Suburbs. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received In- structions from tho executors of tlio lato John Carter, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, on the premisas, 100 Little Bourko-streot, on Monday, 20th February, at twclvo o'clock, Tlio balance of tlio stock of Galvanized corrugated iron Do nuts and bolto Washers, kc. Also, Complete working plant and leaso of promises. AVill bo oircrcd nt ono o'clock. The auctioneers would draw attention to the obovo, as on opening for a man of moderato capital which docs not occur every day. 'fenns liberal. Catalogues in courso of preparation. THIS DAY. At Elovon o'clock. 1 200 Bags Adelaide Wheat. Slightly Damaged. On Account ol' Whom It Coccorns. To Millors, Grain Merchant-, and Others. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received In- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 80 Colllns-Btrcot west, on Monday, 20th February, at clcv cn o'clock, 200 bags (moro or ICSB) Adelaide wheat. Slightly damaged. Condomnod by survoy. Sold on account of whom It may concern. Terina-Cash. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. At Twclvo o'clock. 120 Quarter-barrels Kiui-s's Blasting Powder. In Good Order, 74 Quarter-barrels, Kames's Blasting Powder. Slightly Stained. To Hardwiiro Dealers and Others. r\ EMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. liavo received in VT Btructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 1 Collhib-strcct west, on Tuesday, IBI March, at twclvo o'clock, 120 quarter-barrels Kaiiicsa' blasting powder, in good order 74 do do, slightly stained. Ternis-Cash. ' TUESDAY. MARCH 1, At Twclvo o'clock. SO Kegs, each 281b., Whlto Zinc Paint. 140 Kegs Whitelead, each 2Slb. 100 Kegs Redlead, Do. 50 Casks 601b. Do. 60 Do. 1121b. Do. a EMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. liavo received Iti atructlons to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, 30 Colllns-strcct west, on Tuesday, -it March, at twelve o'clock, 80 kegs, each 28!b., whit- zinc paint 140 kegs whitelead, each 281b. 100 do redlead, each 281b. 50 casks do 501b. 60 do do 1121b. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. At Twclvo o'clock. Invoices of General Saddlery and Ironmongory. To Saddlers, Ironmongers, Dealers, and Othors. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. liavo received In- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, 30 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 1st March, at twclvo o'clock, Invoices of gcnoral saddlery and ironmongory, com- prising Patent f uso Paint Sad Irons Hook and oj'o hinges. Also, Ladles' and gcntlcmon's riding saddios, harness, ka. Tcnns-Cash. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. At Elovon o'clock sharp. At No. 3 Sheil, Australian »Vhnrf. Ex Landwuhrdon. 42 Three-quarter Boxes LorlHard's Tons Tobacco. Slightly Damaged by Sea-Water. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. liavo received In- structions from Messrs. Bright Brothers and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at No. 3 Shed, on Tuesday, 1st March, at cloven o'clock sharp, 42 three-quarter boxes Lorlllard'a tens tobacco. Slightly damaged by son-water. Sold for tho benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. Tonna-Cash. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2. At Twolvo o'clock. Important Salo of CHOICE VICTORIAN WINES. Being the Last Salo of tho Season. At tho Collars of Messrs. Da Dollon and La Molle, 76n WUUam-strcot. 0 Quartcr-casks Barsac. 0 Do. Chasselas. 20 Hhds. Chablis. 24 Casks Burgundj-, _ 20 Hhds. Hermitage. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. have received in- structions from Messrs Do Dollon and La Moilo to SELL by AUCTION, at their cellars, 76n Williara Btrcet, on Wednesday, 2nd March, at twelve o'clock, 70 libels, and casks CHOICE VICTORIAN WINES, Comprising 0 qunrtor-enshs Barsac 0 do Chassolas 20 lihda. Chabl's 24 casks Burgundy 20 hhds. Hermitage. Terms at sale. Tlic auctioneers, in drawing attention to this solo of Messrs. De Dollon anti La Moilo's celebrated wines, can with confidence recommend thom to connoisseurs and others desirous of supplying themselves with a fit--class article, nothing at all approaching to thom in quality having ever boon offered in this markot. Catalogues and ordere for sampling can bo had at tho rooms of tho auctioneers on and after Monday, 22nd inst._. THURSDAY, MARCH 3. AtTwolve o'clock. Unreserved Salo of Invoico of Drugs and Dyo-Woods, All Faults (if any). To Druggists, Dyci-8, Soap-Boilera, Perfumers, and Others. GEMMELL, M'CAUL, and Co. liavo rocolvcd In- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooniB, 80 Collins--«t west, on Thursday, March 3, at twclvo o'clock, An Invoico of drugs and dyo-woods, comprising Brazil wood, ebony ; soap, cosmétiques, ma- cassar oil, oil of cassia, rlbston pippin, Blm IIIOI'B dentifrice, cayenno popper, sol ammonia, glnubcr, ground ginger. No reserve. Tonn»-Cash. TUESDAY, MARCH 8. At Twolvo o'clock noon. To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. Important Solo of TlioSEPTARIA CEMENT-WORKS, Schnnppor Point. MR. ROBERT BYRNE has boon Instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, 40 Colllns strcct cast (adjoining tho now Bank of Victoria), on Tuesday, March 8, at twolvo o'clock noon, Tlio wholo of tho machinery, plant, and effect lately belonging to the Soptarla Cement Com- pany, together with tho special licenea granted by tho Government for tho uso and occupation of the land. Tlio rnachinory and works aro In porfeet working order, and the manufacturo of cement can bo com- menced immediately. Tho Soptarla has boen pronounced by tho Govern- ment Geologist to bo tho real cement clay, and tho pre- sent price of tho Imported articlo Oders au induce- ment to men of ontorprlso to commonco tho manurac turo of tho nativo produce, which can bo placed in tho market at a price which will defy competition hy tho Importer. For further particulars apply to tho auctloneor, or to Messrs. Vaughan, Moule, and Seddon, solicitors, C1-ncory-lano. Terms, Liberal, at Salo. TUESDAY, MARCH 15. At Twolvo o'clock. Kew. Desirable Building Sito, with House, known as Tho WOODMAN'S STORE, Opposlto O'Shannnssy's Family Hotel, at the Junc- tion of Six Goronra-lit Roods, and closo to tho Residence of Sir William Stawell. MR. ROBERT BYRNE Is favoured with Instruc-. tiona from tho proprietor to SELL by AUC l TION, at tho rooms, 40 Colllns- strcct coat, on Tues- day, March 15, at twolvo o'clock precisely, All that very eligible allotment of land, situa- os above, having a frontage of 118ft. by a depth ot dSOlt., and a frontage at the back of 101ft. Together with, The substantial wooden erection now standing thereon, and known as the Woodman's Store. Plans nnd full particulars can bo hod on application at tho ofllco of tho auctioneer. TcrniB at sale. _Title Perfect._ WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2. To Fanners and Capitalists. Salo of n Splendid Farm, Containing 170 Acres, or Thereabout, Situated in tho -Ich Agricultural Districts of Lancefield. At Mr. Robinson's Hotel, Township of Romsey. D WALLACE, by histmotions of tho proprietor, . will SELL by AUCTION, nt Mr. Robinson's hotel, Romsoy, on Wednesday, tho 2nd of March, at twclvo o'clock. That very valuable farm, being Allotment 41, I Section A, parish of Monegeeta, and containing by measureincut 170a. 3r. 18p.. moro or less, fenced, and nearly all under cultivation. Tho farm Is at prèscut let to three respcctahlo and good tenants, and yielding a rental of over £103 per annum. If not sold In one lot, the auctioneer's Instructions aro to put It up in lots of 75, 50, and 45 acres. Tlio auctioneer, in wishing to draw the attention of tbo public to the colo of this most valuable farm, docs so knowing that the land is of tlio best quality, and in the centre of a rich agricultural district, within a short distance of the Riddle's Creek and I-nccflold road stations, and really offers strong inducements to pul-íascrí1. Title guaranteed. Terms at sole. Remember, tho 2nd of March. D. Wallal--, auctioneer. Solos by Auction. THIS DAY. Ex Chance. 00 Bags Mauritius Sugar, all Fault«. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and Co. havo received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Monday/20 th February, at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, Ex Chanco, 00 bags largo and small Mauritius sugar, all faults, extra fine counters, &e.; Terms-Cash. ~ TUESDAY, MARCH 1. For Positivo Salo. 120 Packages Boots and Shoes, Of Turnor Brothers', Horn and Adams s, Groom's Manufacturo. To Boot and Shoe Merchants, Country Storckoopors, and Others. FRASER and Co. have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their upper rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 1st March, at eloven o'clock pracisoh/, 120 packages Boots and Shoes, consisting of Womon's cordovan boots Do do lace do Do do elastics Men's bradded bluchers Men's calf elastics > Do largo wellingtons Boys' bradded bluchers GirlB' cordovan boots Men's cnamollcd wellingtons, Sic. For POSITIVE SALE. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2. For Positive Sale. 164 Bundles No. 4 Galvanized Iron Wiro. To Merchants, Squatters, and Others. FRASER and Co. havo received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir back rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Wednesday, 2nd March, at half-post cloven o'clock procisely, For positive salo, 104 bundles No. 4 galvanized iron fencing wiro, each coil about 2 cwt. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, MARCH 3. Oilmen's Stores. Ur oecrles. Provisions, &o.; To Mci chants, Grocers, Storekeepers, ;nd Others. TTiRASER and Co. have recoived Instructions from JP the importers to SELL by AUCTION, nt their rooms, 33 Oolllns-stroot west, on Thursday, 3rd March, at half-past oloven o'plock precisely, Oilmen's stores Gro erics Pi ovisions, &c.; Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, MAhOII 8. Preliminary Notice For ABSOLUTE SALE. Under Instructions from Messrs. Williams and Little. At WEST GEELONG STATION. Most Important and Extensivo Sato of tho Remaining Portion of tho RAILWAY PLANT Used in tho Construction ol the GEELONG and BALLARAT RAILWAY. To Railway Contractors, Enginoers, Iron Merchants, Iron Founders, and tho 'Irado Gonerally. FRASER and Co. have received Instructions from Messrs. Williams and Littlo to SELL by AUC- TION, at tho West Geelong Station, on Tuesday, 8th March, at half-past oloven o'clock, Tho remaining portion of tho I RAILWAY PLANT used in tho construction of the I GEELONG and BALLARAT RAILWAY, consisting of Engines ' Cranes Stono-brcaklng machines Waggons, &c.; 'For positivo sale. Without rcsorvo. Full particulars In futuro advertisement. Catalogues in course of preparation. Terms at Salo. AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. WADE and GOWAN, auctioneers, ile., bog to notify to their friends and tho public generally, that they aro prepared to SELL hy AUCTION, at private residences, on the lowest tonus, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and other effects which persons may entrust to them for disposal. Thoir personal attention will bo glvon to tile cataloguing and carrying out of tho necossary preliminaries lu such a manner as will relieve the sellers of all trouble, and ensure to them tho best sales. Houses, land, and every description of proporty sold by WADE and GOWAN. Auction Mart, 20 Collins-stroct west. PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. GROSVENOR-IIOUSE. Mltford-strcot, St. Kilda. Containing Eight Rooms, Stables, &c.; WADE and GOWAN havo been favoured with in- structions from James W'olfo, Esq., in couse quenco of lils returning to England, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the ground, on a day that will shortly bo namoi), if not sold before privately, The abovo well-built suburban residence, over- looking tho bay and tho Botanical-gardens, St. Kilda, and near to the residences of Messrs, Bindon, Bramwell, Sellar, &o.; For further particulars apply to tho auctioneers. THIS DAY. Photographie Albums. Stationery, &e.; WADE and GOWAN will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Collins-street weat, on Monday, 20th Fobruary, at elovon o'clock, An invoice of clogant photographic albums Van Andro's travelling copying presses Post folio screw presses Portraits of English beauties, in gilt frames 75,000 blue-laid envelopes Copying lettor-books, half-bound 60 vols. Lover's novels, cloth Books about London, by Kitchen Cathedrals of United Kingdom London Tales Chambors's Journals , Pockotbooks Drawing pencils and copy-books. Also, For tho benefit of whom it may concern, 1 bale doublo news paper, slightly damaged. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. Brushes. Brushes. Brooms. Superior Lot. Ex Queen of Nations. To Ironmongers, Painters, Boot and Shoo Dealers, and Others. WADE and GOWAN have boen Instructed by the importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, SO Collins-street west, this day, nt twelve o'clock sharp, An invoice of suporlor brushwaro, comprising Sweeping brooms Ealustor or hand brushes Picture dusters, red and black Dandy and stable brushes Stove or blacklcad do Cocoa scouring do Chamois leather purses. To bo sold without rcsirvo. Torms-Cash. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. Important Salo of Now Goods. Just Landed. Ex Anglesey. Mantles, Dresses, Embroidered Frocks, Hoods, Bon- nets, Hats, Shawls. Knickerbocker Suits. Mantloa, &o.; To Warohoustro.cn, Drapers, Mllllnors, Dealers, and Others. WADE and GOWAN have boon favoured with instructions from tho importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Collins-stroot west, on Tuesday, 1st March, commencing at eloven o'clock bhnrp, A nice lot of now goods, just landed ox Anglesoy, comprising Ladies' mohair mantles, fashionably trimmed Do silk velvet and claco mantles Do fashionable made-up dresses, with jackots Do head-dresses and neckties Children's embroidered cashmere frocks Infants' satin hoods and hats Do cashmere and French merino carrying-cloaks, richly embroidered Children's merino pelisses Boys' Knickerbocker suits Ladies' fashionable shawls Do do skirts Fashlonablo fancy dresses Super, dress stuffs, in wincoy and reps. Black and coloured coburg» Super. French twills Alpacas Ladies fashionable cloth mantles Do shawls, trimmed fur and velvet Black glaco Black and coloured patent velvets Fancy skirts, in rop, wincey, and net Ladies' stays Ladies' faJilonnblo belts Dark-ground lilac prints White counterpanes 0-4 printed oil baizes Men's lambsvvool panta, plaln'and ribbed Shetland half-hoso Fancy worsted hoso Children's fancy scarfs and wool.boots Women s whlto cotton hoso Men's brown cotton half-hoso. Tho auctioneers call tho special attention of tho trado to this important salo of new goods Without reserve. On view Tuesday morning. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, MARCH 7. Absoluto Salo Ota Genteel Wcatherboardcd Cottage At the Corner of William and Arthur streets, South Yarra, Opposite tho Residence of Mr. Moody. To Bankers' and Merchants' Clerks, and Others, in Search of a Comfortable Freehold Residence. WADE and GOWAN havo been favoured with In- structions to SELL hy PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 2) Collins-street west, on Monday, 7th March, at twelvo o'clock, A genteel wcatherboardcd cottage, situate as above, In a healthy locality, containing throe rooms, kitchen, and servants'-room, verandahs front and back, two 400gal. iron tanks, and out- houses, on an allotment of land 46ft. to Wit liam-strcct by 116ft. to Arthur- street. Only two minutes' walk of tho Gardiner's Creek Road Station. Terms at Sale. Solos by Auction. THURSDAY, MARCH 3. .- Important Cloaring Salo of tho Valuable Stock or tho MONSTER BOOT and SHOE EMPORIUM ' 23 Bourko-strcot East. ' Elegant Cedar Fittings. Show Cases. Drawers. Mahogany Sample Coso, with Drawors. To tho Boot and Shoo Trado of Molbourno and I Buburba, Buyers from tho Country, Dealors ond, Others. . -, WADE and GOWAN havo boon favoured with In- structions from tho proprlotora of tho Monster Boot and Shoo Emporium to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their premises, 23 Bourko-stroet cast on Thursday, 3rd March, commonoing at oloveií o'clock, The wholo of their valuablo stock of men's women's, and children's *' BOOTS and SHOES. Expressly selected fiom tho best manufacturers. Also, Tlio elegant and substantial cedar fittings, shelves drawers, show cases '' Mahogany sainplo case, very completo, fitted wltUi drawers at great expenso. The wholo must bo sold off without any reservo to make room for tho extension of tho tailoring depart- ment. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. To Merchants, Wlno and Spirit Morchant3, Store« keepers, and Othors, SALES THIS DAY, by tho undersigned :-. 405 bilda. ENGLISH ALE. At Eleven o'clock, at tho Hobson's Bay Railway Station-Bass's alo. At Half-post Eleven o'clock, at Dcgravos'a Cellar», Flinders-lane-337 linds. Joule's alo. At Half-past Eleven o'clock, at Degiuvej's Cellars, Flinders-lane-160 hhds. Allsopp's ale. Tile whole for unreserved sale. '_GREIG and MURRAY. THIS DAY. At Elovon o'clock. At tho Hobson's Bay Railway ShoJs, Ex Trobolgan. 8IIhds. Bass's No. 4 Ale. All Faults. To Ale and Porter Merchants, Grocora, Storokcopcia and Others. GREIG and MURRAY aro instructed by tho lui. porters to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mol hourno and Hobson's Bay Railway Station, Fllndors Iano, on Monday, 29th February, at eleven o'clock, Ex Trobolgan, C B and Co., 8 hhds. Boss's No 4 ale. All faults. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. At Half-past Elovcn o'clock. At Dcgraves's Collars, Flindors-lano, and afterwards at Mossrs. Bright Brothers and Co.'s Stores, Bond street. 337 Hhds. JOULE3 ALE. On Account and Rl8k of Former Purchaser. To Wino and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and. Othors. GREIG and MURRAY havo received Instructions from Mess». Blight Brothers and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at Dcgraves's Cellars, Fllndors-lane, on Monday, February 2«, at half-past olovon o'clock, 105 hilda. Joulo's alo. And immediately afterwards, at tho stores of Messrs. Bright Brothers and Co., Bond-street, 142 hhds. Joulo's alo. No reserve. Tonns at sale. Note.-Salo to commence at Dcgraves's Cellars, at half-past cloven o'clock. THIS DAY. At Half-past Eleven o'clock. At Dcgraves's Cellars, Flinders-lane. 150 Hhds. ALLSOPP'S ALE, For Unreserved Salo. To Merchants, Wino and Spirit Morchanta, Store- keepers, and Others. a KEIG and MURRAY havo received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at Degravcs's Cellars. Flinders-lane, this day, Monday, 20th tost., at hall past eleven oclock, 150 hhds. Allsopp's ale. No reserve. Terms at solo. Note.-This day, at half-past cloven o'clock, at Do graves's Cellars, Fllnders- lanf._ TUESDAY, MARCH 1. Unreserved Clearing Sale of Mauritius oud Java Sugars-Crystals, Counters, Rations, &c.; Finest Plantation Coffee. Cleaned Java Table Rico. Loaf Sugar, Black Pepper, &c.; To Merchants, Coffee-Boasters, Grocers, Storekeepers. and Others. GREIG and MURRAY havo received instructions' from tho importers, Messrs. Young and Martin,, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday 1st March, at twelve o'clock, Ex various shlpi, 1100 bags Java sugar-counters, crystals, rations. &c.; ' 860 do Mauritius sugar, various samples 10 tons finest plantation Java coffee 200 small bags cleaned Java table-rice 200 bags black pepper 10 coses lcof Bitgar. Tho above goods aro all now lu store, in fine order,, and will bo sold to closo accounts. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. TUESDAY, MAKCH 1. Condies, Foreign Full-welglits, Gonda. Phillipe and Canoud's Sordines, half and quarter tins. Superior French Pork and Beef. Lager Beer, Sparkling Mosello and Champagne, &e.; To Merchants, Grocers, Wino and Spirit Merchants,. Storekeepers, and Othors. GREIG and MURRAY havo received instructions from tho Importers, Messrs. J. W. Ploos von. Amstol and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, on Tuesday, March 1, at twelve o'clock, Ex Johannes Fernandez, &c;, 1CO0 boxes foreign full-weight candles, Goudo 00 coses quarter sardines, FluHlpoand Canaud £0 do linlfdo, do do 25 half-barrels finest French pork 25 do do beef 25 cases sugicrior mosello 26 do finest champagne 26 do do mosello 00 casks lager beor, quarts 10 do do, pints 20 cases very superior claret, MonthouU Franc. ?_ Terms at Solo. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. ' Cocy's Hams.. York Hams and Bacon. Cumberland Bacon. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Provision Merchants, and Othors. /"I B.EIG and MURRAY havo received instructions. VT to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, oni Tuesday, March 1, nt twelve o'clock,, 16 cases Cooy's hams v l8 coses finest York hams 12 do do bacon 1 case Cumbo land do. Guaranteed parcels.. Terms at Sale, TUESDAY, MARCH 1. 260 Boxes Ogleby'a Candles, lib. packets. 250 Do Do, dib. paokots. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. . i^lBEia and MURRAY hare received instructional TUESDAY, MARCH 1. AtTwolve o'clock. 000 Bags Finest Danish Oats. In Primo Order. To Corn Merchants, Livery-stablo Keepera, and Others. fiBEIO and MURRAY havo received instructions» VX to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, on Tues- day, March 1, at twelve o'clock, The first lot to bo sold, G00 bags finest Daniell oats. In primo ordor. Tonns, Liberal, at Sale. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. 70 Casks Tonnent's Stout. 100 Cases Barclay and Go.'s Do. To Ale and Porter Wine and Spirit Morchanta, GroccrSj. and Others. GREIG and MURRAY aro Instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, March. 1, at twelvo o'clock, 100 coses Barclay and Co.'s stout 70 casks Tcnncnt's do. Tonns at Sale. TUESDAY, MARCH 1. Eight Bales Gingerbccr Corks. Also, Ono Ton Brown Paper. To Cork Merchants, Gingorbecr Manufacturers, Sta tloncrs, and Others. /I KEIG and MURBAY aro instructed to SELL by XX AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 1st. March, at twelve o'clock, 8 bales glngcrbccr corks, each 100 gross. Also, 1 ton brown paper. Tonns-Cash. _ TUESDAY, MARCH 1. At Twolvo o'clock Bharp, 300 Bags Adelaide Wheat. Moro or Less Damaged by Sea-Water. Sold on Account of Whom it May Concen). To MUIcra, Com Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others. ? GREIG and MURRAY havo received instructions, from tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at. their rooms, on Tuesday, March 1, at twolvo o'clock sharp, Ex Glenshee, SOO bags Adc'a'tlo wheat. Moro or less damaged by sea water. Sold for the benefit of whom It may concern. No reservo. Terms-Cash,_ TUESDAY, MARCH 1. Old Tom, in Case. Swaine, Boord's, Bernard's, Worthlngton's, Loundes j. Ilovvell's, Heddle's. To Oloao Accounts. To Merchants, Wino and Spirit Merchants, Store kospers, and Othors. GREIG and MURRAY have rocolvod instructlons to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuoi doy, 1st March, at twelve o'clock, COO cases Bernard's old tom 172 do Wortlmigten's di 120 do Hcddlo'B do 187 do Howell'» do 307 do Swaine Bo' rd's do 100 do Loundes' do. lenna, Liberal, at Salo. " ' 