NEWS OF THE WEEK. We believe we are justified in stating that the hon. Mr Grant will take the office of President of the Board of Land and Works. Whilst the locum tenens of his lamented chief, Mr Grant’s admini- .(ration lias given general satisfaction. , There is no one who so thoroughly understands the difficulties , of the land question, or is so capable of grappling mth them, and no one in whom the public will have greater confidence. At a meeting of market gardeners, hold on Satur foy at the Paddington Hotel, Little Collins street, jlr Thomas Johnson in the chair, it was resolved that the Melbourne corporation should be requested to erect more sheds, aud to reduce the market dues to Is par cart per day; and also to allow the market gardeners to keep their stands until twelve o’clock noon on Wednesdays and Saturdays. A revision court was hold before Mr Sturt, P.M, on Saturday, at the city police court, when the registrars for the districts produced their books and the third supplementary rolls for their several divi sions, which were duly certified. The immigration and emigration returns of the province of Otago, N.Z., for the month of May, show that 150 adult males aud 91 adult females, 87 boys and 38 girls, have arrived in the colony from foreign countries; and 632 adult males, 4-1 adolt females, 5 boys and 7 girls, have arrived in Otago from places within the colony. During the same period, 499 adult males, 29 adult females, 10 boys and 10 girls left the port for foreign countries; and 3685 adult males, 51 adult females, 1G boys and 5 girls, left the port for other parts of the colony. A remarkable case of a woman not knowing whether a man was her, husband or not is thus re lated by the S. A. Register of the 14th inst. : “ Our Gawler correspondent refers to a singular case, in which a woman, whose husband had deserted her a short lime ago, was in considerable doubt as to whether a man who had been apprehended and brought to Gawler was her husband or not. She had to examine him closely to see if there was a certain markon his linger before she could make up her mind. The absence of the mark seemed at length to satisfy her that, in spite of appearances, the police had got hold of the wrong man. It is certainly an odd case.” We have onr files from South Australia to the 16th lust. The strike of the miners at the Moonta and Wallaroo mines had terminated and the men were making preparations to celebrate the resump tion of work by a grand banquet. A private letter from the Far North, dated Bth June, says :—“ Two of our flocks have finished lambing and two others will have finished in about a week. "We are very short of feed, in which respect we are like onr neighbors. They are all complaining and lam afraid it will bo a bad job if we do not have rain very shortly. Our bullocks and horses arc looking yery miserable, which you will not wonder at when I tell you that several lambing flocks are stationed within a few miles of this place and come iu every day to water. People say there is every chance of the season being similar to the one wo hod four years ago, when the stock were dying off by hun dreds and kangaroos and wallabies could bo run down on foot. Wo have no news of the blacks coming yet, though there are several drays down from the north.” It will be remembered that the inquest on James Duncan, who was supposed to have taken poison some days since, at the Earl of Zetland Hotel, Bal laarat, was adjourned until the evidence of the Go vernment analyst could be received, Monday's Evening Post says:—“ Dr. Macadam having for warded his analysis, the inquest was resumed this morning, and a verdict returned to tho effect that the deceased died from natural causes. The latter of Dr. Macadam stated that he had sought iu vain for traces of poison, mineral or vegetable, and the cause of death he believed to bo acute inflammation of the stomach.” The flat-bottomed steam-vessel, built by Mr Oliver, on tho south bank of the Yarra, was launched on Monday afternoon. She hud been ready for launching for several days, but it was ne cessary to delay the act of committing her to her future element in consequence of the lowness of tho water. The rains of the past few days, and a change in the wind, indicated a sufficient depth of water at full tide on Monday, and in the course of the forenoon it was determined to “ give her tho slip." All the necessary arrangements wore at once proceeded with, and, at a quarter to three o'clock the stays were cut, the trigger drawn, and she then glided in excellent stylo sideways into the dock adjoining tho building yard. This, wo believe, is tho first vessel in the colony which has been launched in this manner ; tho mode being adopted in consequence of her length and the narrowness of the river. She was of course christened in the'usual manner, being named the “Trio,” At present she lies in the dock into which she was launched, but will be removed in a day or two to a berth beside tho large crane on tho Australian wharf, for tho purpose of having her boiler put on board. She will then be brought up to tho Queen’s dock for the purpose of receiving her engines, and being other wise fitted out. The whole of her machinery, which is of a first-class character, has been made by the Messrs Fulton, of Flinders street. It has not yet been decided whether she will be sent to New Zealand, or employed in the Gippa Land Lakes traffic. The vessel is flat-bottomed, and when in the water her draft was only sixteen inches aft and thirteen forward. With her machinery and 250 tons of cargo on board, sho will draw only between lour and five feet, so that she will ho admirably adapted for trading in shallow waters. On Monday a largo and handsome specimen of soda crystals, produced in tho Australian Chemical Works by Messrs Clarko, Hoffman and Cos,, was brought to this office. It contained several pounds’ weight of the common soda, with the crystals per fectly regular in construction, clear and serai-trana- Kt, mud artistically grouped. At these works pears that the production of soda has been successfully attempted, and several tons per week are now supplied. , A case having reference to what looked rather like sharp Celestial practice came before the’ war den’s court, Ballaarut, on Monday. From tho Star’s report we learn that “tho plaintiff Thompson applied under the 77th section of tho Gold-fields Act to be put in possession of a residence area that had be longed to a lately deceased Chinaman at Golden Point, who hod transferred tho area to him as secu rity for a debt. When the transfer was made the CWnamau was almost in artionlo moptui, and hia condition being known in Melbourne, a larger credi tor and a compatriot thoro had been on I,ho alert, and the moribund was induced, about sixty minutes before the transfer of tho residence area ticket to Thompson, to make an assignment of tho stock-in trade and buildings to a Chinaman whom Thompson, of course, presumed to be tho Melbourne creditor’s agent. This was, however, denied ; tho assignment was put in, and evidence of its regular execution and the payment of £IOO as consideration was proved by a justice of tbo peace. Tbc assignee, however, soon after transferred to tho Melbourne creditor, and it was alleged for £2O profit. Tbo warden found for the plaintiff as to tbo area, but said tho plaintiff bad no property in the buildings and' must give tbo person in possession notice to remove bis property from the ground.” Tho following amusing account of an old lady’s difficulties in court, upon, what wo should imagine, was her “ first appearance,” is given in Tuesday's Ballaarat Star“ An elderly woman named Meaney, the plaintiff in a civil case in tho Eastern police conrt on Monday, for tho recovery of £O, money lent, remarked, when asked to take the oath in the usual form, that she was terribly frightened at it— the oath or tho Bible, it did not clearly seem which. Her fear being allayed, however, she tremblingly kissed tho book, and, having proved her case, a ver dict was recorded in her favor for the amount claimed. Sbo was then asked to sign tho summons in the usual way, bnt this was a task which, though aho was able to write, she declared she was unable to perform, and with frantic gestures she beckoned her husband, whom she ipreviously styled her ‘ old man,’ to come to her assistance. Probably, however, in the belief that his better half was able to get out of the difficulty by herself, he kept quietly aloof, and thou, apparently, entirely overcome, she threw herself back in the seat and exclaimed, ‘ Share and will none of yez write it for me ?’ This touching appeal created some little amusement at tho attorneys’ table, and as no one seemed disposed to volunteer, she at length resolutely seized tho pen, and, with a hand shaking as if iu a fit of the ague, stuck it on tho paper, and described two perpendicular lines about an inch and a half long, and also one intended as a horizontal in the centre for tho letter H, her Christian name being Hannah. Tho other part of her name seemed to puzzle her tremendously, but with a praiseworthy effort she stuck to the pen until it had completed certain tall hieroglyphics, which might bo intelligible to her, but certainly to no one else, for they looked to he an amalgamation of everything horrible iu the way of lettering, and might as well have been taken for the wandering tracks of a fly jnst escaped from an ink-bottle, or for illegible Chinese, os for the christianised name of Meaney. Illegible though tho marks wore—although from tho want, of hor spec tacles she had made them tremendously large—they were, however, her signature, and, witli the assur ance that she might go, the poor old body was con siderably relieved and loft the court—a place she was evidently an utter stranger to—her * old man' meet ing hor at the door.” , A meeting was held last week at the court house, Lnnceliold, to take into consideration the representa tion of tho district of West Bourko, with a view to determining on tho course to be adopted at the next general election. After the meeting- a requisition, which we understand was numerously signed, was prepared requesting Mr M. L. King to come forward. Tho M. A. Mail says it is now certain that Mr Zeal will ho a candidate for the representation of Castle maine. We have Californian intelligence via Auckland and Sydney, to tho 4th of April. The commercial news, which will bo found in another column, is of some importance, and seems to' intimate that we may yet draw considerable supplies from that quarter. A general meeting of tho members of the Vic toria Poultry Society was held, on Tuesday, at tho Royal Oak, Hotel, Mr T. H. Lyttlotou in the chair, when it was agreed that the annual show should be held on the 4lh, sth and Gth of August next. A prize list was submitted and adopted, bnt other matters of detail wore remitted to a committee in structed to make the necessary arrangements, and report to a future meeting. The New Zealand Herald of the 26th alt. says:— “ A curious piece of intelligence, hat which, never theless, is perfectly reliable, has reached us, and that is, that many of the natives who fought with the Queen’s natives at Wanganui against tho rebel party from up river were thorough Kingites ; but who, for reasons of their own, were determined to oppose tho fanatical party in their raid upon the settlement.” Tho practice of circulating counterfeit coin ap pears to be greatly on the increase in this colony. Tuesday’s Observer says : —“ On Monday, some spurious coins were passed in Kyneton, by a low sized man, a stranger to tbo locality, who made a few trifling purchases in some of the small shops in town. The spurious coin purported to bo shillings of tho reign of George tho Third, with the date 1819, and tho forgeries are pretty in geniously executed. The police, having received information of tho matter, were on the alert, but the man had taken French leave, and is not likely, wo should think, to return to Kyneton, for some time at least.” The Dog Act is likely to bo very vigorously en forced in the country districts, for complaints are most'numerous of the damoge done- to flocks of sheep by unowned and nncarod for curs. Tho Grenville Advocate of Monday says that “Mr Philip Russell, of the Carngham station, has been again a sufferer from the depredations of dogs, for recently a hungry savage brute attacked a flock of his sheep, and, in the attempt to rescue them, the 'shex>hcrd was severely bitten in the hand.” Sydney is not only indebted to Melbourne enter prise for its Punch, hut also for a now monthly illus trated paper, the first number of which wo have just received. It is a very creditable production, and we have no doubt will command a considerable cir culation. It is, however, somewhat singular that several of tho illustrations are precisely the some as some which appear m an illustrated paper issuing from an office in Bourke street, in this city. At the Fitzroy council meeting, on Wednesday, tho mayor (Mr Falconer) presided, and Crs. Born, Harker, Michael, and Rnshall were present. Instead of commencing with tho usual business, Or. Born alluded to tho death of tho hon. Charles Vaughan, and spoke in high terms of tho character of tho deceased os a personal friend, and us, a public man, in all his municipal, legislative, and magisterial positions. He concluded* by moving tho following resolution, which was seconded by Or. Harker, and cm-riod ;—“ That this council record its deep rogrot at tho death of tho hon. Charles Vaughan, wherohjr the colony bos lost an experienced and estimable legislator, and a worthy and much-rospected colo nist, the bench of magistrates in Filzroy an npright and conscientious chairman, and the burgesses one who, in his position as chairman, and as the, first mayor of their borough, reflected credit and lionor upon their municipal council.” Cr. Michael then moved the adjournment of the council to Friday evening next, at the usual hour, ns a mark of re spect to the memory of Mr Vaughan. This also was agreed to, and the council adjourned. At the Stockyard Hill, Ballaarat, ploughing match, held on Tuesday last, a pair of blinkers were pre sented to James Anderson, as being the oldest plough man on the field, and, not improbably, in Victoria. This veteran is now seventy-three years of age, still ploughing, and wresting prizes from younger men. At the dinner held after the match, a proposition was started that the young men of that district, joining with those of the other districts about Bal laarat, should raise a subscription for the purpose of presenting the line old fellow with a champion holt. The proposition was well taken up, and as the in tended recipient will no doubt deem the thing a great compliment, we shall bo glad to see the matter carried to a successful issue without delay. “ Ander son,” says the Star, “ is well known at all the principal ploughing matches.” We take the following election gossip from Wed nesday’s ICyneton Guardian;—“There is no men tion of any other candidate as likely to be brought forward for the Kyneton boroughs but the late member, R. B. Tucker, Esq., that gentleman having inclined even those who are opposed to him politi cally, to support him solely on the ground of his assiduity to local interests. With respect to the county of Dalhousie, it is probable that a candi date will be brought forward from this side of the district, to oppose the late member, P. Snodgrass, Esq. Joseph Harper, Esq., J.P., well known throughout the colony as the owner of the cele-. brated race horse Barwon, is spoken of in some quarters, but upon what authority wo cannot say. The election for the North Western Province will not, we believe, bo a walk over for the hon. Francis Robertson, the Bendigo electors being seemingly determined to bring forward another man.” A terrible struggle occurred a few days ago, in the neighborhood of Cathcort, between a digger named James Digney and a savage mastiff or bull dog, which was insecurely chained to a tent owned by a miner named Brewer. The Ararat Advertiser says :—“ On the day in question, Digney was going to fetch his tools, which, it appears, he left at the tent of a friend, and, in passing the tent whore the mastiff was, the brute dragged bis chain from the fastening and sprung upon him. The attempt was directed at the man’s throat, but be succeeded in interposing his arm, which was seized by the fero cious brute and very severely gashed. With the instinct of his species, the dog bung most tena ciously on the arm of the man, who was utterly un able to shake him off. A few minors who witnessed the struggle came immediately to Digncy’s assist ance, and managed to free him. Acting, wo pre sume, on the adage, ‘ a hair from the dog that bites,’ some who wore present pulled some hair from the brute’s neck, and stuffed it into the wounds inflicted on Dignoy’s arm. He shortly afterwards applied at the hospital and had the wounds dressed, the ope ration causing so mnch pain that ho fainted. Dr Smealo has not yet pronounced as to whether the gashes are likely to prove dangerous. It is but just to Mr Brewer to mention that ho immediately killed the dog.” The Star mentions it as a singular fact, that one of the mining companies, on Ballaarat, could not get a six-inch flat rope anywhere in the colony, that is to say, in Ballaarat, Melbourne, or Geelong. The company was, consequently, idle for several days for want of a rope, and had eventually to get oue made in Geelong. The Talbot Leader says:—“ A pretty state of things is told us iu connection with the want of police protection at Moonambcl. The constable, it appears, who arrested the man Strain, for killing ‘ Billy’ in a tight at Forest Hut diggings, last week, after apprehending his prisoner, bad to pro ceed to Avoea, and leave the lock-up unguarded for a whole night. Since thou a second constable has been appointed to the spot; but it is clear that even this augmentation is insufficient. The worst of all economy is that which would unjustifiably limit police protection on the gold- fields. There are branches of the Civil Service in which reductions might bo made without, impairing its utility, that would suffice, without additional expenditure, to almost double the present police force.” The Tarrengower Times says“ A so-called re vision court was held on Saturday last, at the court house, Maldon, but we pronounce that the whole of the proceedings were illegal, inasmuch as no such court is properly constituted unless there bo present one ‘ police magistrate,’ or two ‘ justices.* On this occasion only H. K. Grant, Esq., J.P., was present, but instead’of exercising the only power the act gives him, namely, to ‘ adjourn the court to some future day,’ ho sat, and with the assistance of the clerk of potty sessions, revised, the roll. The ab sence of another justice (on the principle that ‘ two heads are bettor than one,’) probably led to another gross mistake. The act requires that upon sufficient ‘ proof’ that a name appearing on the ‘.voters’ roll' is that of a man whoso name also appears on the ‘.electoral roll 1 (by virtue of bis having taken out au ‘ elector’s right,’ or other qualification) it shall bo expunged from such electoral roll ; but Mr Grant, iu his wisdom, required proof that the two names did not belong to one and the same person, and in the absence of such proof bo ruthlessly struck out the name—because the registrar could not swear that certain two names did not represent only one man I Just about the same ns putting a prisoner into the dock, finding him guilty, and hanging him, because ho could not ‘ prove’ his, innocence, but against whom not a little of evidence had boon brought I It has already been discovered that throe names have been wrongfully expunged through the peculiar ruling of Mr Grant.” The sums allotted for the daily maintenance of the Gorman prisoners of war are For a captain* 8s ; a lieutenant, Is Cd ; a non-commissioned officer, 10£d ; and u private, 7d. Caro is taken to provide ; every man with all necessary clothes and changes of linen, free of expense. The men are treated in every respect , like the ordinary Danish soldier. They are permitted to take two hours’ exercise daily upon the ramparts, and are provided with various games and amusements —chess, dominoes, &o;, —to pass away tho time. Books and newspapers are allowed* 