AMERICA. Vew York, April 14. Tas following Uitgnaxt mn ulum from the j Smiinrw Morning ll rr a ld. j 1Cont inuous rauu iia»e deiajed military opera- j lion« in Virginia. I Oenoriil Meade it milting »(Hire preparations (or forward movement. The federals intend making a three-fold ad- ranT upon Riciimontl- »is., bj Meade, across tito K&pidan;, bj tins ans; of the Potomac. ; hj Smith, up thr |>enin»ul», where M'Lrllan failed two jean ago ; and by ttamsid* (ú tfotdtburgh. Kori h Carolina ; «adi arin; to IM strang enough to cope with General Las singly. lt ia aaid lice intends advancing into Prairw vi rania, Kentucky, and Ohio, thus foreihjr. Grant to folio» hun or to abandon those states to bis in- vading arro j. Tue safety of Richmond is considered aseare, owing to the defence in garrmon. Several engagements had occurred, in whirh the Confederate* hare been always »ucrje*«fu1. Great excitement prevailed in the Federa) money market under symptoms of a currency panic. Oold reached 183, and subsequent!; fell to 1Ï6J The noose of Representatives on Friday, Mr. Long, of Ohio, spoke io Cavour -of peace, ad- vocating thc immediate recognition of the Southern Confederacy. On the nest dav, the Speaker, Mr. Cattai, descended from the chair and morod Mr. Long's expulsion for treason. Ur. If arris, Member for Maryland, defended Long, and prayed that the Sooth might never be conquered. Die member Cor Illinois then moved the expulsion of Ur. Harria, for whs4i there were eighty- one votes ia favour, and fifty eight against. Xiii« not being a majority of two-thirds, the motion was lost, but a rota of censure on Mr. Harris was carried. The ex- pulsion of Long is still under diacussion, and many democratic members endorse hi« opinions. The Louriana election resulted in the success of the free state party. Arkanssg Las elected an anti-slavery legisla 11 re. President Lincoln bas issued orders for 209.000 men to be raised by tho 3th ApriL Generals H'Lellan and Fremont have been nominated for thc Presidency, bat it is believed that Lincoln «ill be re- elected. \ Another conspiracy has been discovered in Kentucky, the object of whi-Ji was to annex that State to the Southern Confederation. Mr. Seaward's new Emigration lilli contains a clause to naturalise immigrants one year after their arrival, importing them free of expense, and they ace to rcfnnd the paasage money and war bounty of ¡KW dollars if they choose. Twenty- five thousand Irish arrived within a month, and se Seaward wants 250,000 a month, he expects to empty Ireland, and so strengthen ! America and weaken England. The general feeling in America ie that the end of tile war is approaching, and that the ensuing campaign will decide it. Should Grant be defeated, a recognition of the Southern States is expected. The Federal Senate pissed a resolution re- fusing to recognise an Kuropean monarchical government in Mexico. LESSE OP ÏICVAN LIFE.-Buffon considers, that the maximum need nerer be under ninety or a hundred, which " the man," says be, " who does not die of accidental canses, everywhere reaches." Flourens, the latest writer upon the subject, concurs in the opinion of his famous countryman : " A hundred years of life is what Providence intends for man. lt is true that few reach this great trna ; bat how few do what is necessary to attain it ! With our custom?, «ur passion«, our miseries, man does not die-he tills himself. If we observe men, we shall see that almost all live a nervous and conten- tious life, and that most of them die of disappointment." How few, comparatively, number the three score and ten. The weakness of infancy, the intemperance of the adult period, the violence of diseases, thc fatality of accidents, and other circumstances similarly inimical to long life, prevent more than about seventy per- sons in every thousand attaining natural old age. There is great solace, nevertheless, in the thought of what mae be reached. Haller, who tias col- lected a great number of examples of long life, reckons up more than a thousand instance-) of i individuals having attained the age uf 100 to 110, sixty of 110 to 120, tweritv-nine of 120 to 130, fifteen of 130 to 140, six of 140 to 150, and one of 160. Curtis-but without the rredulitv or Haller, cites 172, 185, and 207.-Life -. it's Aotare, í'<irteite-, «ad Pienaetena ; hy Lea if. Grinde». TBK UÍNO-GEBIUK QCBSTIO.X.-The London Conference for the peaceful settlement of the Danish question, met yesterday at the official residence of the First Lord of the Treasury in Downing-street, The members present were as follows;-For Austria, Count Adpnnyi and Privy Councillor Brcgelebed ; for France, le Prince de bi Tour d'Auvergne; for Eugbtud, Lords Russell and Clarendon ; for Prussia, Count BerastoriT and Privy Councillor Baden, formerly Ambassador at Copenhagen ; for Den- mark, Baron de Bille, M. Quaade the Hülster, and Counsellor Kreier ; for tile German Con federation, M. de Buesta, Saxon Minister ; for Sweden, Count Wachmeister. After a long discussion, the Conference separated without settling anything decisive. The basis for de- liberation which Austria, Prussia, and the German Confédération agreed to-the. integrity of the Danish monarchy, the political and ad- ministrative autonomy of the Duchies, and the maintenance of the union as one singla State nf rta mociafU-Rendsburg to be made a German Federal fortress as a guarantee of the indivisa bility of the Duchies. Lord Clarendon, after a conference with the Emperor Napoleon, re- turned to London and announced the intention of France and England to demand an armistice. France and Eugland agreed to declare war against that jioser refusing to accept the truce. THE UTI: FIGHT BETWILN KIXG AND LIKE yas.-Tile trial of Tom liing and {ieeuan, and others who toot part in th« fight between these pugilists on the morning of the 10th December, near Wadhurst, has just taken place at the quarter- sessions for Surrey, lield at Lewes. All the prisoners except Travers and Mace, pleaded guilty. Travers and Mace were arrainged after- wards, when Mr. Koupell said the only ofleuoe they had committed was being spectators at the light. Tho prosecution offering DO evidence, the prisoners were acquitted. King, Benian, Tom üayer», sud Jack Macdonald, were then bound over in their recognisance* of £100 each to seep the peace. KOVSL MitVH anal SST Tint-On Frida;, April 1, CajiUui Bunlaby, an uwosr ul lae Boval Horse Guards undes-U*)* ta perform the fol- lowing foals in fifteen minutes :-Tu hop a quarter of s tull", ruo a quarter of a mile, rule a quarter of a mile, and raw a quarter of a mile. Tile match toot platt) at Bowery Lock, near Windsor, in th« picaoune of nearly all the : ofliem in the garrison, and a great number of i visitors, and the gallant captain sceoutpluhed bia j taak with the greatest ease in ten minute» twenty j seconds. 