TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 1804. o Though, there are many subjects which will demand the urgent attention of the next Legislature, we know of none more pressing or more important than the necessity of being well represented in Great Britain. Though the suggestion has more than once been made in these columns, and its advisability admitted in Parliament, no step has been taken to act upon it with that vigour and promptitude which the occasion demands. Victoria has been peculiarly unfortunate in her relations to the old country. The brightest gem in the English. Crown, little or nothing is known about us. In spite of the magnitude and there tiveness of our commercial intercourse, we still remain comparatively a terra incognita a land of fable, producing nothing but nuggets, and absorbing nothing but nobblers. Our geography is a very puzzle and confusion to- our kindred. At this moment Piiuting-house-squaro is ignorant of our latitude, and we have had very recent proofs that less pretentious authorities have made Melbourne the capital of South Australia. Our institutions are even yet more unintelligible and misunderstood. Now and then, indeed, the Saturday Review, in that during spirit of speculation about the other world that has made the Saturday Review so engrossing and amusing to the Antipodes, ventures to write about democracy, and the coach builders and masons that make its laws, but beyond these haphazard notices of our politicalfollies,nothingissaid of our social advancement, or the advantages we offer as a community to capital and labour. Nothing is said of our inexhaustible natural resources, of our substantial development, of our thousand fields of enterprize yet to be opened up, our innumerable springs of wealth yet to be tapped. Nothing is said of us, because we have nobody to say it. And yet we need not go far to find ample testimony to the super- abundant advantages of being fairly represented in the home market, where superfluous labour and superfluous capital are inviting employment. The great success which has attended Mr. JORDAN as a lecturer in England, on behalf of Queensland, clearly speaks loudly enough to the importance of having a friend at court to plead the cause of the absentee. We surely do not require to be told of the necessity of making ourselves and our virtues known to those who can appreciate them. It is a false modesty and a losing policy to hide our light under a bushel. Men do not buy a pig in a poke and if we are backward in displaying our attractions to them, they will scarcely volunteer to acknowledge our merits, about which they have no intelligible information. The inducements we have to offer the enterprizing Englishman are greater than any our neighbours can hold out, but their superiority is of no avail if they are not known and published. We may be more attractive than our compeers, but unless we take the precaution to ad- vertise our attractions, we are as nothing worth. We must be content to be outrivalled in the market, with the painful satisfaction of know- ing that we have it in our power to monopolise the custom. It is suicidal, with so many active competitors in the field, to allow our parsimony arid supineness to place us out of sight in the race. With all our requirements and all our advantages, it is worse than folly to suffer a false economy or a timid policy to restrain us from employing those instrumentalities for inducing immigration which our sister colonies are using with so much success. At present, our agencies for introducing us to the notice of the home market are limited to two. Mr. CHILDERS and Mr. KNIGHT are our acting representatives, This is all the machinery we employ and it is obvious enough how thoroughly inadequate it is for the purpose we have in view. Mr. KNIGHT, we scarcely know whether to credit as an official representative or not. Most painstaking and laborious in his vocation, it is notorious that his good intentions have been sorely circumscribed, and his exertions ruthlessly crippled, by the want of sympathy and countenance from the Government for whom he is acting. Mail after mail has brought to the colony complaints of the apathy and indifference shown by the authorities towards the cause which, above any other, the colony has most at heart the cause of immigration from the home country directed to its shores. With this conviction, then, we do not feel perfectly justified in regarding Mr. KNIGHT as the accredited immigration agent for Victoria. We are, at least, very certain that the conduct of his patrons has reduced his usefulness to the smallest possible degree, and that he cannot be said to execute the office in a lower sphere which Mr. CHILDERS does in a higher. About Mr. CHILDERS, happily, there can be no such misgiving. His official connexion with the colony, and his zeal in asserting it, place his mission beyond dispute. But zealous an advocate as Mr. CHILDERS is, we are disposed to doubt whether we ought to be content with his advocacy. His sphere of usefulness in some respects unfits him to be useful. His labours distract his attention from our wants rather than sharpen his instincts for us. What we want is something more of the agent, something less honorary and nominal-a representative, who can give us more of his leisure, and distribute his attention in more diversified channels-a man who would study our interests, and be able to plead them effectively-some one who should combine the duties of an emigra- tion lecturer with the duties of an am- bassador some one to watch for us, be alert on our behalf, fight our battles for us, defend us from our open detractors, and guard us against our false friends. Such men we have had, volunteers in the service of the colony, gratuitous agencies, and, as a very recent occasion has impressed on our minds, representing its instincts and doing battle for its rights with a hearti- ness and warmth that must leave us long in their debt. The question is, could we not secure the services of men like these, of equal skill, knowledge, and enterprize, to fulfil their functions, without putting us under obligations that do us no credit to incur? With such persistent determined foes to encounter as Sir GEORGE GREY, and his congenial mouthpiece, the Weekly Dispatch, it is essentially necessary to our existence that we should have some constant champion always at his post, and whose interest and duty it will be to take up the gauntlet on our behalf. The Bombay sails at the usual hour to-day for Galle, with the mails for England. The mail for letters via Marseilles closes at the General Post-office at ten o'clock am and at Sandridge at noon. The members of the Royal Society of Victoria opened their session last evening, by dining together at the Cafe de Paris. His Excellency the Governor was present. Professor M'Coy, as the president for the year, took the chair, and delivered the Inaugural address. The last meeting we shall have to chronicle in connexion with the All-England Eleven took place at Marshall's Hotel last evening, when presentations were made on the part of the cricketers to Mr. Marshall and Mr. Shoosmith. To the former Mr. Parr presented, from himself and his companions, a valuable gold watch, bearing an appropriate inscription, and to the latter a handsome silver cup, also bearing a suitable inscription, and having the names of the Twelve engraved round the rim of the cup. In presenting the watch, Mr. Parr made a NSW observations, the purport of which was that they had every reason to be pleased with the manner in which Mr. Marshall had managed matters on their behalf, and that they were gratified with the amount of success which had attended their matches in the colonies, although in a monetary point of view the result was not so favourable to them as many people might be inclined to believe. Mr. Parr added the hope that if any little temporary unpleasantness had arisen in the course of any of the matches, the circumstance would be forgotten by the cricketers of the colony as readily as it would be by the Eleven, or rather the Twelve. Mr. Parr then handed the watch to Mr. Marshall, with the hope that the latter would receive the gift with as much pleasure as it was given, and that he might live long to wear it. In presenting the cup Mr. Parr observed that the team had much reason to be obliged to Mr. ShoosmithforhiB exertions on their behalf, and that the gift, if it were not a valuable one, was at least presented with true good feeling. Mr. Marshall and Mr. Shoosmith in turn expressed the gratification which the presentations afforded them and stated that they could not help feeling highly gratified that their respective exertions had given so much satisfaction to the team. Mr. Parr then said that, on consultation with some of his companions, it had been determined that a donation should be made to the hospital, and that on the following (this) morning a cheque for £25 would be handed over to the treasurer. In addition to the gold watch presented, an address to Mr. Marshall, in the following terms, has been drawn upon the part of the Eleven :-" We, the undersigned, being the members of the All-England Eleven, feel that we cannot depart from this colony without expressing to you our extreme satisfaction at the manner in which you have fulfilled your engagement with us. We can all testify to your thorough business talents and the great success that has attended us in such engagement can fairly be traced to the zeal and industry that you have shown on all occasions. We trust that the same success will attend you in all your future undertakings, and that both yourself and family will be blessed with health, prosperity, and happiness." The address is signed by the twelve cricketers. It may be as well to mention that Mr. Parr and his companions will most likely start to-day by the quarter to twelve o'clock train, for Sandridge, to go on board the mail steamship Bombay, homeward bound. Both Houses of Parliament reassemble this evening. In the Council, Mr. Fraser will ask leave to introduce a bill to alter the fourth and fifth clauses of the Constitution Act, so as to reduce the qualification of members of the Council and electors to one-half the present amount. Mr. Hervey will bring in a bill to prevent the fraudulent use of trade marks. The orders of the day (four) are-the adop- tion of the progress report of the Refreshment Rooms Committee; the adoption of the report on the Hospital Bill; and the further consideration of the Drainage and Real Property Act Amendment Bills. In the Assembly, Mr. B. G. Davies will call attention to the rate rolls of boroughs, shires, and road boards. The following are the orders of the day : Consolidating Bills Message of His Excellency the Governor to be considered in committee ; Mining Laws Consolidation and Amendment Bill second reading resump- tion of debate ; Industrial and Reformatory Schools Bill to be further considered in committee ; Ways and Means to be further considered in committee ; Supply-to be further considered in committee and the Publicans' Acts Consolidation and Amendment Bill to be further considered in committee, The steam-sloop Victoria, having successfully accomplished her mission to Hobart Town, was to Eau on her return on Monday. She will probably arrive in Hobson's Bay in the course of the day. The despatch of Brigadier-General Carey to General Cameron, givinganaccoantof the operations at Orakau, exonerates the men of the 40th Regiment from the charge made against them in the Auckland newspapers, of having permitted the rebels to escape through their lines. It appears that a portion of the ground held by the clOth was cleared to permit an Armstrong gun to be brought to bear on the pa, and it was through this line that the rebels dashed. We have our intercolonial files to the following dates Hobart Town, 23rd; Launceston, 23rd ; Invercargill, 17th ; Auckland, 9th; Canterbury, 15th ; Sydney, 22nd ; Brisbane, 18th; and Rockhampton, 9th instant. It is reported from Nelson that gold has been found in the Pelorus River, in the province of Marlborough. From Port Louis (Mauritius) we have the Cerneen of the 12th ultimo. The question of whether the promised new Town-hall is to be of the limited size provided for in the present design, or whether additional land should be purchased to admit of the construction of a building capable of containing 5,000 persons, and even more, has not yet been decided. At the weekly meeting of the City Council yesterday Councillor Wragge moved that the thirty-one feet frontage to Collins-street, with a depth of 170 feet, adjoining the Town hall site, which had been offered for sale at a cost of £3,600 be forthwith purchased. Councillor Powell seconded the motion, which, after being opposed by Councillors Goldsmith and Brown, was finally ruled out of order, at the instance of Councillor Cohen, who also urged that the additional ground was altogether unheeded, The point of order was, that of motion stood on the books of the council to the effect that no fresh public work should be undertaken while the overdraft of the Corporation exceeded £10,000. Eventually, Councillor Wragge moved that a call of the council be made for Monday next, to consider the propriety of rescinding so much of the motion on which the point of order was based as to permit the motion for the purchase of the extra ground to be passed. This last proposition was carried. The only other motion of importance was one moved by Councillor Jones, to the effect that the Market Committee confer with the lessee of the general markets on the point of so altering the regulations as to enable market-gardeners and others to remain at their stands till they had sold their produce, instead of having, as now to move off at ten am. After a long discussion, the motion was carried. At the Sandridge Police Court yesterday, a man named John Clarke pleaded " Guilty to the theft of a bottle of gin from the Sandridge Customs Shed. He was sent to gaol for a month. Alexander Wilson, Peter Hutchins, Alexander Graham, Alexander Brown, Robert Shead, James Beat, James: McDougall, John Stephens, and James John Brown, seamen belonging to the Aberdeen ship Harmony, were charged with disobedience of orders on board. For the defence, it was alleged that the cause of the refusal was the ill-treatment received at the hands of the captain, inasmuch as they had not been supplied with proper food either during the voyage or in part, while the captain had also refused them permission to go on shore for the pur- piece of laying their complaint before a mass trate. There was, however, no evidence offered for the defence. As the men still refused to return on board, they were sentenced to fourteen days' imprisonment in the hulks-a period sufficient to cover the stay of the vessel in port. The costs of prosecution, £3 3s., and of defence, £3 8s., were allowed both amounts to be deducted from the balance of wages due to the defendants. Nicholas Heath, the master of the ship Isabella, was charged, at the instance of the shipping master, with having taken two sea- men on board without having had them properly shipped at the Shipping-office. One of the men, it appeared, was a deserter from the British Trident. The defendant was fined £3, and 22s. costs. The fine was paid. John Edward Crockford, of the Chequers' Inn, recently convicted of being concerned in illicit distillation, applied for a renewal of his licence. After hearing a solicitor in support of the application, the Bench decided by a majority upon granting the renewal, Mr Call, P.M., Mr. Swallow, Mr. J. W. Johnson and Mr. Williams, were the presiding magistrates, A meeting of our Danish fellow-colonists, and other friends of the Danish cause in the matter of the Schleswig-Holstein dispute, was convened to be held last night, at the Mechanics' Institute, Collins-street, to take steps for the relief of the sick and wounded soldiers and sufferers in the present distressing war." The fact of its being " mail night," and the inclemency of the weather eau Bed the attendance to be limited, and life was decided to postpone the meeting to a future day. It was stated that the object of the conveners was not to raise any political discussion on the Schleswig-Holstein question, but solely to initiate a subscription towards the relief of the wounded soldiers and other sufferers on the Danish side. At the Fitzroy Police Court yesterday, a lad named Page was charged with stealing a ring from the Collingwood Cricket-ground on the occasion of the late Easter festival in that locality. The boy's mother was also charged with feloniously receiving the same. The evidence for the prosecution rested mainly on the discovery of a flag in the mother's house, but it was not identified as the property of the Collingwood Cricket Club. The case was dismissed. The sitting magistrates were Messrs. Thomas, Hailes, Prince, and Brennand. The Ballarat Evening Post of yesterday says:-" The only Chinese lady in the colony was this morning examined as a witness in the Eastern Police Court. She wore the national costume, a loose dress of purple which indicated the precise degree of her social rank, and had with her two children, whose attire was somewhat similar to her own. She was allowed to be seated in the body of the court while giving her evidence." The malachite obtained at the Peak Downs copper mines in Queensland seems to be of a superior quality. The Sydney Morning Herald says-The directors of the Copper cDm pany are about to send home the large block of malachite brought down some time ago from their mine. This is, perhaps, with the exception, of the celebrated Russian block, the largest mass of malachite which has been ever brought to earth. We may state that for ornamental purposes the malachite is much superior to the European, possessing, when cut and polished, a richer colour with a semi-transparent opal the gleam." The number of visitors to the national museums of natural history, geology, and economic geology, applied to mining, agriculture, and the arts, during the week ending 23rd April was 721. The museums are open to the public daily (Sundays excepted), from ten a.m. till five p.m., in the north side of the University. The Univer Busy requiring the extreme west room of those occupied by the national collections, it has been necessary to remove the European and American specimens, and a number of mining models, into the unfinished portion of the national museum building, at the back of the University. Mr. Candler, the district coroner, held two inquests yesterday, at the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, upon the bodies of deceased inmates. One of these was named David Ley, aged thirty-three years, who was admitted in 1861. His death occurred early yesterday morning, the.})oj<-»?¡or¡'eni examination showing, and the verdict affirming, that it was the result of acute dysentery. The subject of the other inquest was the body of Robert Woodward, aged twenty years, who had been an inmate since May, 1863. He died on the 23rd inst. The medical evidence showing that death was caused by inflammation of the lung, the verdict was given to that effect. The shop of John Cunningham, shoemaker, Leicester-street, North Melbourne, was broken into on the night of either the 23rd or 24th inst., and nine pairs of blucher boots were stolen. The owner was at the time spending two days in gaol for drunkenness, and the thieves took advantage of his absence, and the unoccupied condition of the shop, to break a pane of glass in the window, through which it is supposed, the boots were then reached by means of a hook on the end of a pole. At a meeting of the Committee of the Vic- ' torianPhoneticSociety.hcldonFriday evening last, it was decided to accept the terms proposed by the Committee of the Melbourne Mechanics' Institute, and to engage the class- room at that institution for the use of the members of the society on Friday evenings. It was also resolved to establish elementary classes for the study of photography during the present winter, and to commence a course by an introductory lecture with as little delay as possible. In default of the carriage of the promised amendments in our post-office laws, Mr. W. B. Stephens, bookseller, of Collins-street, intends to forward his supplementary letter-bag, provided at his shop for the convenience of those who are too late for the closing of the English mail at the General Post- office, at tenant. It will leave Melbourne in time for the train which reaches Sandridge at noon. We are informed that the chief justices of the Supreme Courts of Victoria, Queensland, and South Australia, have appointed Mr. Gresson, solicitor, Melbourne, a commissioner of their respective courts for taking affidavits, &c.; We observe from the Tasmanian papers that the Rev. J. Storie, a minister of the Church of Scotland in Hobart Town, has been deposed by the Presbytery of Tasmania. His main offence seemed to be that he was not disposed to bow down to the authority of his brethren-for whom, indeed, he appears to have both shown and expressed something like contempt. The Mercury asserts that the reverend gentleman was afforded only the mockery of a trial, and attacks the presbytery in somewhat strong language. The Hobart Town Mercury reports that "the steeplechase horse Beaufort, late Badminton, leaves this for Melbourne in the Tasmania shipped to Mr. J. Dennistoun Wood. Beaufort is only four years old. He won the Steeplechase at Melton Mowbray, November 5, 1863, boating six first-class horses. He also boat Ring- tail and Lord Dundreary, over three miles of a stiff country, at Bothwell Races. At New Town he beat four others over a most difficult country, taking a ditch and post-and-rail fence that all the others could never be got over by any means, owning in a winner a mile ahead. He was bred by Mr. Blackwell, out of the famous old racing mare Modesty, by Adonis. This is her sixth son that has gone to Melbourne." The Times states that English thrushes and larks have found their way into Gipps Land. It is probable these birds are some of those which were liberated on the Dandenong Ranges, or their descendants. In consequence of the inclemency of the weather last evening, Mr. Love's entertainment, " Love in all Shapes," which was to have taken place at the Town-hall, St. Kilda, was postponed. At Essendon Police Court, yesterday, John Tilley, James Sharpe, and John Miller, were severally fined 1s. for having no lights on their conveyances. Lerfioy Harphcld, not appealing to a summons, was fined 20s., and 6s. costs, for the same offence. Thomas Maloney, William Dixon, and Thomas Book boy, for having no name or number on their drays, were each fined 10s., and 5s. costs. William Gladeu was charged by William M'Nab with being on his premises at Essendon between two and three o'clock in the morning, for an unlawful purpose. It was proved that the defendant was not sober; and, on receiving a good character from the police of Flemington, where he resides, the Bench dismissed the case. Henry Hutton was charged by the inspector with creating a nuisance at the Moonee Ponds, by boiling down refuse meat and offal. He was fined 40s., and 5s costs. A locomotive traction engine has been or dared from England to ply along the turnpike road between Hobart Town and Launceston. On Thursday of last week, the foundation stone of a town-hall was laid in Launceston, by His Excellency Governor Browne. The day was a general holiday, and the stone was placed with all the ceremonies usual on such occasions. It is stated that Mr. W. A. Brodribb, who resigned the representation of Brighton in the Legislative Assembly on the occasion of his late visit to England, is to be proposed as a member of the Council of the Riverine Association. The gold obtained from the third crushing of the Wood's Point Mining Company (limited), known as M'Dermott, Casey, and Co.'s claim, was weighed at the bank on the 20th inst. It amounted to 1,803. Malwa., from Sixty-three tons of stone, being an average of 2oz. 13dwt. per ton. The two former crushings yielded an average of forty seven and forty four ounces respectively. The Hope Company are said to have struck another vein, of great richness. The rivers in the interior are already unusually high for the season. On this day week the Murrumbidgee at Hay was eight or ten feet above its usual height in April. The Billabong Creek was higher than has been known for the last twenty years. All the back creeks to a distance of four miles from its banks were running with the flood. The Edward rose about five feet during the past week. like New Zealand Advertiser (Wellington) of the 11th inst. comments as follows on the refusal of the New Zealand Government to ratify the contract for the Panama mail service :-" Wellington has been again sold, and this time, as on former occasions, by a portion of her own population. The General Government have refused to ratify the contract made by Mr. Ward with the IR M. Company. We cannot blame the Ministry for adopting the course they have done. The opposition raised against portions of the contract by Otago, Auckland, the committee of the Wellington Chamber of Commerce, shareholders in our local steam company, and two out of the three Wellington nowspapeTS, left no other course open to them, seeing that Mr. Ward had agreed to give a larger sum for this Panama service than he was authorized by law to assent to. With the acknowlcdgemcntonallsides that the establishment of a steam postal service with America and Europe, via Panama, would prove a great boon to the colony, and with the admission that Mr. Ward had succeeded in effecting the object at a more reasonable rate than could have been expected, it is impossible to come to any other conclusion than that no opposition would have been raised against the contract if Wellington had not been fixed upon as the port of call, and the N.Z.S.N. Company had not been in existence: while we may be equally certain that had no such opposition been raised the Ministry would not have given so severe a stroke to the credit of the colony as they have now done by refusing to ratify the agreement The somewhat notorious New South Wales free selector, Mr. John James Main, was tried at the Circuit Court at Sandhurst or Saturday last, on a charge of wilful and corrupt perjury. The evidence was very long and the jury found the prisoner ' Not guilty,' believing the case was one of mistaken identity. The head-quarters band will play this afternoon, from three to five o'clock, at the front gate, St. Kilda Park, the following pieces of music : -Overture, "Stradella, Flotow; quadrille, "NeneMelodien," Strauss grand selection, "Les Huguenots," Meyer beer; overture, "William Tell," Rossini waltz, " Olymps Tuuze," Lanner ; grand selection, " Nachtlager von Grenada," Kreutzer; galop, " Rosalie," Fahrbach and " God save the Queen." Notwithstanding the unfavourable weather there was a pretty fair attendance at the Haymarket Theatre last evening. The pro gramme comprised " Othello " and a favourite farce. To-night Mr. Kean takes his benefit when " Richard II." and The Honeymoon will be played. There was a good house at the Theatre Royal last evening. There was no change i the programme "Fast and Marguerite, The Young Widow," and " The Iris Lion." 