INTERCOLONIAL NEWS'. NEW SOUTH WALES. (FROM SHE STONEY MORNING HERALD.) UASKKT or GOLD FOB THE PRINCESS OF WALKS.-The casket to be presented by the ladies of New South Wales to H.R.H. the Princess of Wales is a chef-d'ouvre, reflecting the highest honour upon our fellow-colonist, Mr. Julius Hogarth, from whose atelier so many beautiful objects from time to time have emanated, and whose skill as an origin ti artist in gold and Bilver (reminding one of the triumphs of Benvcnuto Cellini) ia not less appreciated in Australia and England than in Denmark this fatherland). As the work of a Danish artißt, long resident in the oldest anti- podean colony of Great Britain, this testimo- nial of love and loyalty of the ladies of New South Wales, opart from its self-evident value in other respects, cannot fail to be an object of very peculiar interest to the august person- age for whom it is designed. The casket, which is exclusively made of gild found in this colony, is ttn inches and a half long-its extreme height being nine inches and a half, and its width at the baso six luches. It is made of solid gold, and weighs upwards of 100 ounces. On the top of tbe lid is an elaborate representation of the emu (threo inches and a half high), surrounded by fonr young birds of the same species, stand- ing on a rock partially covered with nativo ferns. In the characteristic attitude of the principal bird (so distinctive an emblem of this country), and In the general design and execution of this part of his task, the artist has been eminently successful. From the four angles of the rocky basement of this group the cover of the casket slopes away to the corners of the ¿erin, the extended surface being ornamented with scroll-work of a simple and chaste pattern, relieved at intervals-with exquisitely modelled specimens of the growth of our pathless forests-the waratah (or native tulip), the native pear, tbo native honey- suckle, the native chesnut, the rock lily, and the cabbage-palm. This completes the cover or lid of the casket, which opens on hinges, and is Bccured when shut by means of a gold key, repicsenting an opossum eating gum- leaves. On the four main angles of the body of the casket-which in its general ontline is not unlike an altar tomb-are four statuettes of that felicitous design and elaborate workmanship for which Mr. Hogarth has obtained such a high esti- mation in the mindil of all true lovers of art. These figures represents-first, a lubra, carry- ing her fishing-basket and spear, and elad in tbe opossum cloak usually worn by the abori- ginal race; secondly, an aboriginal savage, with his boomerang and his opossum rug; thirdly, a ein, with the wooden spade used by the natives for digging the wild yam; and fourthly, an aboriginal warrior with his shield and nullah-nullah or club. These figures, each two inches and a half high, and executed in dead gold, stand ia niches of burnished gold, which greatly contribute to the effect. The four faces of the casket, between the60 figures, are occupied with elaborate designs in bold relief, bearing a correspondency one to the 'other. On the first of these faces centrally-on what may bo considered to be the front of the casket-is a classic design, after Thorvaldscn, of Cupid and Hymen engaged in spinning the thread of life. Both of these benign deities aro winged, and further distinguished by their appropriate emblems. In the two narrower compartments, between this design and the corner statuettes, are two shields bearing the arms of Denmark and the arms of Great Britain, each surmounted by the Royal crowns of those countries. On the opposite side of the cnBket, that portion which corre- sponds to the representation of Cupid and Hymen is occupied by a bas-relief exhibiting an aboriginal iamily, the father of which is presenting a biro's nest to his wife, who leans against a rock near him, and directs his attention to their child. On either side of this pleasing and expressive picture of Aus ti alian forett life are groups of native war implements and other objects-the boomerang. the shield, the waddy, the fish- basket, ana the tomahawk. Below this the basement of the casket stretches out, all round, in a manner which gives an air of solidity and finish to the entire object. This corn ico is decorated with a graceful and artistic arrange- ment of fern leaves and native honeysuckle. On the two narrower faces, or lateral ends of the casket, aro the handles, designed after the staghorn lern. The inside of tbo casket is lined with crimson velvet and gold. Such is a brief description of this beautiful casket, to which thcro is a stand of the sweet- scented myall wood, inlaid with gold, having an in- scription plate of the same metal. At the four corners of the wooden basement or sepa- rate stand are four kangaroos of oxydized Bilver. It is perhaps the most perfect thing of the kind ever designed and manufactured in the colony. GOULBURN BISHOPRIC FOND.-The munifi- cent sum of £1,000 has been handed over to Mr. West, the treasuror of this fund, by Mr. W. Bradley. This, in addition to the sub- scriptions already received, places the fund in a very encouraging condition. THE COURT-MARTIAL ON CAPTAIN SAUNDERS. -It was reported a few weeks since that Captain Saunders had been acquitted of the charges preferred against him at the court- martial last year, and that he had been re- leased from arrest, and had returned to his regimental duties. A few days subsequently, however, some communications passed be- tween Brigadier-General Chute, at Melbourne, and Colonel Kempt, the issue of which was, that Captain Saunders was not allowed to continue his military duties. It appears to have been considered by Colonel Kempt that the communication from the Duke of Cambridge, conveying Her Majesty's ap- proval of the finding of the court- martial, and which merely directed that Captain Saunders should be released from his arrest, and that it should be reported to the military secretary the day on which the result of his court-martial was made known to him, was not sufficient to authorise Captain Saunders' restoration to his former position. As it was considered probable that farther orders in the matter would be received from the Com- mander-in-Chief, leave of absence has, pend- ing their receipt, been given to Captain Saunders. No such communication, however, came to hand by the last mail. THE DEATH OF O'MEALLY.-A notico ap- pears calling a public meeting of citizens and colcnists to deoido upon the beat means of ac- knowledging the gallant conduct of Mr. D. H. Campbell, of Goimbla, in repelling the attack made upon his station in November last, by O'Meally and his gang, during which O'Meally was shot dead by Mr. Campbell. There is no doubt that, although being some- what late in being commenced, this move- ment will bo successful. Mr. Campbell had .property to the value of £1,600 destroyed on the occasion of the attack, and he only re- ceived £1,000 from the Government as the reward offered for O'Meally, therefore he is still a loEor to the extent of £600. THE NEW CONSOL FOB FIJI.-Nearly two years ago Colonel Kempt, Mr. P. Rolloston, and Mr. R. M. Isaacs proceeded, at the instance of His Excellency Sir John Young, to Fiji, to conduct an inquiry into some serious charges that had been preferred against Mr. Pritchard, the British consul at that placo; and that as the result of their report he was recalled. Mr. W. Owen, of Adelaide, was thereupon sent by His Excelleney to act temporarily as consul. He will now shortly be relieved by Mr. Henry M. Jones, V.O.. King's Dra- goon Guards, who bas received the appoint- ment of British consul at Fij 1. Mr. Jones be- longs to the Diplomatie Service, and has filled various important consular offices in Turkey; be has recently arrived in Sydney, and is now waiting to proceed to Fiji. Upon receiving the appointment in London, he was instructed that some ship of war would convey him from Sydney to lils consulate ; but it would appear that, in consequence of the New Zealand war, none of Her Mcjejty's vessels on the station can at present bo spared for that service. It may be of interest to mention that Mr. Jones served as a captain in the Fusiliers in the Crimean war, aud that ho distinguished him- self at the battle of Alma, where he was severely injured, the Victoria Cross being con- ferred on him for his brave conduct. THE FLOOD AND THE GREAT NOBTHBRN RAILWAY.-During the week men have been engaged repairing such portions of the rail- way-lino as were submerged during the late flood. A considerable quantity of ballast has been laid down at various places where the embankments showed any sign of submission to the flood. The greatest injury to the Uno is believed to be under the bridge whloh crosses the cutting into Wallis's Creek. Through this cutting-being exposed to tho great power of the river's current-the rush of water .was very strong, and large masses of the aldesrof the cutting havo been washed away. Between the first tier of piles on the West Maitland Bide of the bridge and the bank previous to the flood there was a small flow of water, and the bank was sloped and grassed up to the level of the line. The entire slope is now washed away, and the superstructure rests on a precipitous bank; and between the tier and the bunk the water flows nearly as deep as in any other part. FLOODS ON TUE NAMOI-Tho folio wini is an extract of a letter received from the Baan Bay Station, Namoi River:-"We have sus- tained gteat Iocs by a disastrous flooJ. On the evening of the lltb, the river had over- flowed its banks, and was, as we thought, at its full height ; but about one o'clock p.m., it began to rise again very slowly, and then I deemed it advisable to remove all the sheep to the higher ground; all the old Bheep I kept on the higher ridge at the back of the homestead, and which were the only sheep we saved; the young weaners I left on the rising ground, walch had never before beou touched by the highest floods. Thinking that everything was now safe, I returned home, and moved all the stores two or three feet from the giound. The water was now rising very fast, and although we are a mile from the river, still the water began to rush with fearful rapidity over the little plain on which the house is built. At four o'clock it entered the house, so we thought it b.-Bt to make pre- parations to get on the roof, which we did accordingly. There were three persons on the roof with me-viz., the maa servant and his wife, and Mr. Bowman. My brothers Alf led and Walter were on the ridge at the back of the houBe. The water at six o'clock p.m. was within a foot of the top of back vi rand ah, and kept rising till within eleven inches of the wall-plate. About dusk we saw the ¿woolshed torn up, and cur- ried past us with two (mea on the top -an old man named George, and one of the shearers, It was most melancholy to hoar them bid us 'good bye;' jost then the roof parted between them, and carried them each different ways : fortunately they struck against the trees and wa saw tho men Baved by climbing into them. We thought it was our turn next. _as the sheep, cittle, and horses kept coming down and bumping up against the house ; /but about midnight, after spending six hours of indescribable anguish, we saw-the water go down one inch, and by daylight" it had gone down nearly two feet. This morning two of the shophords came to .me, wearied out, having been in the ttees two days and two nights without anything to eat. They brought me the sad news that tney bad both seen their sheep washed away. I find our loss is between 3,000 and 4,000, besides stores, drays, &c.; , WHOLESALE CATTLE STEALING.-ONE OF THE ROBBERS SHOT.-An inquest was held upon the budy of James Lowrie on the 20th instant, Old Yaminbah, a station belonging to Mr. Ebenozer Orr, of Garrawilla. The following facts came out in evidence : -Senior constable Ward proceeded, in company with Constable Gill, Mr. Orr, and a black tracker, to Mr. Orr's run on Friday, the 19th, about two p.m. At a deserted Bbeep-station tbey came upon a large number of cows, from which the calves had been lately drafted, and from the tracks of the calves and'other cattle thoyflprocceded in search, The robbers had taken the precaution to bum the grass behind tbem, thinking thereby to avoid detection. The party continued, however, on the track, and presently carne up to a place noae' a tree under which the robbers had evidently camped lately, as the black tracker picked up some damp tea- leaves which had been but recently drawn ; they still continued ia pursuit, and about six p.m. came in sight of a large mob of cattle and horses, driven by four men, three white men, all apparently young and natives, and the fourth a dark-looking man, apparently a half-caste, they keeping about 200 yards behind, as the density of the scrub enabled them to keep the robbers and their booty insight without themselves being \isible. From the direction in which they were going Mr. Orr remarked that their in- tention was to camp at an old sheep station of his wheie there is a good paddock, known as Old Yaminbah. Constable Ward thought it advisable not to rush at that timo, as they were well mounted, and, being light weights, might escape: they, therefore, took a cir- cuitous lound, and, riding quickly, arrived at*the above station ;|at the hut and paddock, dismounted and inspected them, finding neither cattle, horses, nor men in them. They then retired to their place of con- cealment for a short time. When the cattle arrived they then heard them dis- tinctly being driven into the paddock ; the robbers then retired, and in a short time a gleam of light issued through the apertures of the old hut, which is situated close to the paddock. It was evident they were in pre- paration of a meal. They still remained in ambush, as Ward thought it best not to make an attack till they had settled themselves. Shortly all four proceeded to tho hut in which the robbers were camped, and Constable Word, leading the way, quickly followed by Mr. Orr and Constable Gill entered the but, commanding them to surrender in the Queen's name, apprehending them for cattle stealing. Two were immediately secured by Orr and Gill, a third ran out at an aperture at the front of the hut, Ward at the same time calling upon him to t-urrender, firing a shot over his head to intimidate him. He still ran, when again Ward threatened to blow his brains cut if be did not stop ; he in return replied, " Don't fire, and I'll surrender ;" he was thoa handcuffed and lodged with the other two. This all took place in a few moments-the night was dark and muggy. The fourth robber-viz., the deceased-was lying in a bunk near the door, and sprang up at the same time the other was escaping, rushing through the doorway past the blackfellow, who modo a grasp at bim ; ho eluded it, how- ever, and was still escaping, when Ward called on him not to attempt to escape, as he would shoot him, at the same time raising his revolver, not meaning to shoot him, but to intimidate him, when, unfortunately, the de- ceased sprang on the top as the officer fired, and received the balk It was not thought at this time the robber had been shot, as he must have run nearly sixty ^aids after receiving the balk Trooper Gill then went in pursuit of the runaway, when he found him in the paddock dead ; the ball had passed through deceased's back, coming out at the right breast. He turned out to be a brother of Lowrie, the notorious bushranger, who was shot near Goulburn some months ago. On the body was found a letter from his sister, and in the sleeve of his jacket a fix- barrelled revolver, four chambers being loaded ; alBO ball, powder, a ad caps. The names of the other three are George Laut, Joseph Lant, and a half caste, William Pursell, in the paddock were found 144 head of cattle and fourteen horses, the most of the cattle belonging to Mr. Edward Cox, TJlimanbri, and Bomo of them to Mr. Ebenezer Orr, of Garrawilla. They also found a calf which the robbers had billed for their use that night. The jury, after a brief delibera- tion, returned a verdict of " Justifiable homi- cide." QUEENSLAND. (FBOM THE DAILY GÜABDIAH.) A very melancholy occurrence took place on the evening of the 22nd, on the a i rival of the Settler at the depot. South Britain, with the immigrants of the Flying Cloud. One of the passengers-a young man named John Gardner-a short time after the Settler came to the wharf, was seen to jump up suddenly, and spring from the poop of the steamer to the wharf, and rush frantically through the dense multitude of immigrants, and strike several of them as he went along. Some thought he was under the influence, of drink ; but it soon became apparent that he was labouring under some species of in- sanity. After a good deal of trouble, tho unfortunate man was taken by the police to the lock-up, but not without receiving several blows, kicks, and bites from him while on the way. Next morning, on opening the cell in which the unfortunate man was con- fined, it was ascertained that he had died during the night, A post- mortem examination was made by Dr. Lyons, of South Brisbane, who at the inquest gave evidence to the effect that the deceased had died from cou gestion of the brain. (FROM TUE COTJMEB.) By all accounts of local sportsmen, this season is remarkable for the scarcity of game in Queensland. So much so, indeed, that it is deemed worthy of notice that the first brace of snipe heard of sinco summer set in, was bagged on Saturday lost. A party, headed by Mr, Waller, ¡tho taxidermist, and comprising three guns, shot over Eagle Farm during the morning ; and amongst a small variety of wild fowl, got the sni|ie referred to-all that were seen I The, birds were flushed at a considerable distance from one another: and when plucked wore found to be of inferior size, and not in good condition, as if they had recently arrived after a long flight Owing to very heavy floods "over the border,' communication by the intercolonial telegraph was stopped, during the early part of the week. This was severely felt, a* it was known that tho December mail from England bad arrived in tbe southern colonies, and wo were kept without knowledge of the news. There wero not twenty-four hours between our receipt of the telegram and the delivery of tbe mails by the steamer from Sydney. We could wish that communication wero opened vii Torres Straits. SHABT SAVINGS. - Grace before moat-as the young lady said when she laced herself too tight to swallow. " Après nous le deluge," as the hard frost observed to the water-pipe. " Ce n'tét que le premier pat quf coûte," as the tight boot said to the hard corn.-Punch's Almanac 