Europe at the present time; or rather at the date of the dispatch of the mail which has just arrived, was doing its best to look paci fic, though every one must feel that the mo ment when a general conflagration shall burst forth cannot be much longer delayed and the Schleswig-Holstein question which some time ago was looked upon as purely local is the one which will most probably MA& *»11 Ljl.— _a**u — . ,?_— . _ T_ t — ? — ~W'l T _ _ __ .. _ .1 set au jjiurope in a Diaze. we can scarcely look upon the policy of Prussia and Austria with regard to Denmark as a wise one since it may possibly eventuate in a much greater loss to either of them individually than they will gain by the annexation of the two duchies to the German confederation. England, France and Russia have offered their good offices to bring about an amicable arrangement of the Danish difficulty, but of the three we have reason to believe that England is the only one really desirous of peace since she has nothing to gain by going to war. Who is to say that at the end of this war, at present confined to a very small space on the map of Europe, that the Rhine will not form the boundary of France, that Austria will not lose the whole of her Italian provinces, possibly shrivel up into the hereditary possessions of the House of flapsburg, and that .by the po&session; ol, ports in the North Sea Russia may not be come one of the greatest naval powers of Europe? We know that the boundary of the Rhine is one of the traditions of the Empire, and even now when there is nothing to implicate France in the affairs of Germany an army of observation has been ordered to the Rhenish provinces ; how long it will be before that army is engaged in actual warfare it is impossible, in the present state of affairs, to foresee, but we may rest assured that as soon as a favourable opportunity occurs the, wily ruler of France will not lose the chance of realising one of the objects of his self appointed mission. Is it without the bounds of probability also that the assis tance of his creature, the King of Sardinia, may be found necessary in carrying out his schemes and that the possession of Venetia and the withdrawal of the French troops from Rome is to be the price to be paid for his aid ? We may be sure too that in the case of any serious complications arising in Austria, the Hungarians who have not forgotten the events of 1848, when, but for the timely assistance of a powerful Russian army and the opportune treason of Georgey, the Aus trian Empire would have lost its richest and most important province, will not be slow iri asserting their independence. Of allEuropean states Austria has most to fear and least to hope from war, and it is strange that she should be party to a conflict which even if successful could bring her no accession of strength, and may terminate in reducing her to the position of a third rate power. The severance of Holstein and Schleswig from Denmark if interfered with by no untoward event 'might probably raise the influ ence of Germany, but then Russia has a shadowy claim upon Holstein, which would quickly assume a tangible shape if it suited the policy of that dangerous power to put in acclaim, and the Rhenish provinces of Russia would offer a bait too enticing for the self-denial of Louis Napoleon ' to resist. Peace is in the mouth of rulers and govern ments, tout certainly the people at least of Eu rope do not believe in its continuance. The general opinion is still that though war may be confined for a time to the small kingdom of Denmark, it -must sooner or later involve the whole of Europe in its vortex and cer tainly change the face of society in Earope. By another reflux in the tide of- the American war, the Confederates have re covered from the reverses of which we re ceived intelligence 'last month, and have again assumed the offensive. Four weeks ago we were told that the Confederates were at their last gasp, and now we -find that Longstreet have beaten tho Federals at Knoxville, and that they had been compelled to abandon Tennessee, and to raise the siege of Charleston. The Confederate arms can also boast of other considerable successes, but these are the most important. The raising of the siege of Charleston in particu lar, the attack on which had taxed all the skill and resources of the Federal govern ment must be considered one of the most important events of the war, indeed it is one of the most remarkable sieges recorded in history and the successful defences of the place against such tremendous odds has placed Beauregard in the very first rank of military engineers, We see too that a plan to surprise and capture Richmond originated by General .Butler has ended m the force sejected for that purpose, being surrounded and taken prisoners, indeed at all points the career of the Confederates at the present moment seems to be one of uninterrupted success., It is not unlikely that we may learn by the next intelligence that the Federals have again recovered their ascendancy and drivea back their opponents, and so it will pro bably go on until both sides are entirely ex hausted. At the present time there is not the faintest hope that this suicidal war is ap proaching its termination ; but rather thafc it becomes fiercer and more cruel and the combatants more deadly as its duration ig prolonged. The judgment of the Privy Council on the notorious Essays and Reviews furnishes another striking proof of the rapid decline of the Anglican Church towards rationalism. The worst enemies to the teaching of that church could desire nothing more damaging to its position than this decision, which in effect throws its religious faith to the winds. Within the last few years the Privy Council, that lay theological tribunal, the final appeal on matters of Anglican faith, decided that the two sacraments — baptism and the Lord's supper — laid down in the thirty nine articles as necessary for salvation were no sacraments at all j they have now decided that the J)iblea their rule of faith f so far from being the in ..Bpired word of God may be looked upon by any one that pleases, as no better than a col lection of old women's tales. This decision only follows out to its legitimate consequences the principle of piivate judgment and is a local deduction from it, but what a fright ful door does it open to error and unbelief? Is Colenso to be condemned after this deci eioh ? Or in fact what monstrous doctrine can be found fault with when the highest authority of the Church of England has pro claimed that its boasted rule of, faith is no thing better than a blind guide, a mere sham which that venerable body has for the last turee uuuureu yearn ueou iiujjusiug uyvu the credulity of the people as the inspired word of God. Poor deluded Protestants have hitherto considered those books of Scripture ' of whose authority there never was any doubt in the Church,' con tained ' all things necessary to salvation,' they are now undeceived on the authority of the Privy Council which tells them they may just believe as much of the twenty-four (Protestant) cannonical books of Scripture as suits them and no more. It follows as a matter of course that thev need believe none at all. We leave this decision to the con sideration of those who claim for the An glican establishment the honour and privilege of being a branch of the Churcti Catholic. The remonstrance of the Australian colo nists on the subject of transportation had produced the desired effect upon the Home Government who had abandoned .their in tention of inundating Australia with the dregs of the criminal population of the king* dom. The colonists of Western Australia who were at 'first clamorous for convict labour are now opposed to it, as they, have found by experience that the dangerous ruffians introduced by such means do infinitely more mischief in a colony than can be compensated bV their labour. Ie1 any proof were wanting of the incapacity of our financial minister, Mr. Geoffrey Bagar, it would be found ample and conclu sive in the returns of the quarter's revenue just published. From this report we see that the receipts from revenue proper have decreased, as compared with the correspond ?' ing quarter of last year, by ,£46, 733 7s. Id. The great falling off has been in the customs, the revenue received through this branch being £137,290 Is. lid. as compared with £161,562 13s. :2d. in the first quarter of last year, showing a decrease of £29,958 9a. cu. a.uio its a bcaiu'Uo imiiug uu uuu we Kiaw not wonder at it, the tariff, the ever chang ing tariff of Messrs. Martin and Eagar had ?natural effect of deterring importation to a greater or less extent. Of course, where we have a set of rules continually changing, it was not to be expected that merchants would con tinue sending their goods to the Sydney mart. IPiom ad valorem to protectionist duties, Mr. Eagar was continually hopping, uncertain on which twig to rest, until his chief finally set the matter at rest by taking it into his own hands. We see the result of the vacillating policy of our ministers, of their wavering, feeble/attempts at constructing a financial Scheme, True, Mr. Martin did, at last, propose something, which did not succeed, but which had at least the merit of being a connected whole, not an agglomeration of disjointed fragments. In fact he took it at second hand from Mr. Smart, for the tariff ignobly kicked out by the Upper House' was the Smart tariff with few modifi cations; We alladmire Mr.' Martin,, but tad his course been more straightforward, more - worthy of him, we should have remained his fast and firm supporters ; the men he has with him, however, are; more to be despised, for with immense pretensions they allow themselves to be made the mere servants of the Premier. This however is inot the -ques* tion. The tables that we have before us tell a ruinous tale, more than one half of all the articles taxed shew a decrease. Thus we find in spirits a decrease of rather more than £2,300, in sugar and molasses there has been more than £14,000, in tea £7,800. Land sales shew a deorease of £27,360, the receipts being for this quarter ' £24,775 against £52,135 of the first quarter in last year. 'This we might have expected, agri culturists have been so badly favoured lately, have Buffered so much from various causes, rust, floods, climatic changes of every kind, that others are deterred from entering on that course of life. We believe this to be in a great measure the reason of the decrease in the receipts from Landsales, We shall give our readers a succinct view of the whole. The Customs, as we have said, shew the greatest falling off, viz,, £29*952 %, 5d.; next to this we have the revenue derivable from lands, the rents, assessments, leases, licenses to cut timber &,, &., shewing a diminution of £29,162 16s. 2d. Duty derivable from gold, duty, fees for escort, miners rights &c;, was £12,083 18s. 6d. against £17,747 13s. 2d. of last year, decrease £5,758 9s. 7d., mint receipts are £83 0s. 7d. less this quarter than last year. Postage and commission on money orders show a small increase of about £1000 ; decrease in the revenue derived from licenses to spirit dealers, storekeepers, auc tioneers -fcc, -fec, is £535 15s. 10— fees of office £579 3s. 2d. Fines and forfeitures £289 7s. 4d.; rents, not of land, but of tolls, ferries, wharfs, &c; £279 10s. lOd. The railway revenue, gives an increase of £3,852 7s. 2d. The total decrease of the revenue proper being as we have said £76,350 10s. 7d. and deducting from this the amount of the increase on some articles £29,617 3s. *0d. we have the decrease on the quarter £46/733 7s. 7d. if the other quarters correspond with this we shall have a decrease this year as compared with last ?of somewhere about £200,000. What will our talented minister do to meet this? We know not, his fertile brain will doubtless produce plan after plan, but it is question able whether any production of his will pro dace good results. There has been a slight increase in what is given under the head of special receipts, which come from collections under the Scab in Sheep Act of 1863, police funds, money orders, and immigration remit tances, -fec, the increase amounts to £5,92S 6s. 3d. And this mighty increase closes the ' comparative statement of the consoli dated revenue of the colony of New South Wales and of the special funds paid into the Treasury, during the quarters, ended 31st March, 1863 and 1864 respectively,' issued by the Colonial Treasurer. Who that re members his mighty vaunting, his promises of coming reforms can look upon him now without contempt. Still, we must pity him 'too, we must pity him, compelled as he is to issue such damnatory proof of his inability and incapacity. This is a political cutting of his own throaty to all intents and pur poses he has been dead before, this was wanted but to bury him for ever. Still he clings to offiee, regardless of taunt, or jeer, or scoff, he holds on the treasury with a most tenacious grasp. We now see what the threats alone of his tariff has pro duced, what would it have done had not the Legislative Council rejected it .? We hope that ministers will receive from this a useful lesson for their future guidance, when they will come down again to the house with another scheme. We have found out that they will not dissolve, that they will remain in his office despite every effort to oust them until the next session will have put an end to tnis Parliament. We do not wish to see Mr. Martin out of power? far from it, but we wish to see him associated with men of more standing and status in the political world than he-' now has around him. We believe a coali tion ministry will be formed and we feel certain it would be hailed with more confi dence by the people. This present ministry is not united in any of the great subjects of the day. They hold most opposite opinions and furnish us with a precedent if with no thing more. With^ the above figures before us and with the tale they tell, ho one can say anything but that this ministry is a dead failure^ and that the sooner it is remodelled or replaced the better of the colony. 