TELEGBAPHJ3 DESPATCHES. (From tho Melbourne papera.) SYDNEY, THUBSDAT. Tho Governor nud his suite have returned to town from a visit to the Western districts. The banquet to Mr. Cowper is a great success. About 500 were present, including a number^ of UJumUciD of tlio logiolatufo. The Queensland government have proclame! six new electorates, each to return one member. Busiuess is improving. There ure mo.-e inquiries for flour. Adelaide is quoted at £23 10s. to £21 10s, ; Chilian offered at from £22 to £22 10J. Wool -Salosdull; lower rates rule. Shoepskins declined a halfpenny. Rust lins again made its appearance in the wheat iu the Singleton and Maitland district. Present stocks of flour aro equal to one-half re- quired for consumption till March next. The mar- ket is very unsettled. Caustic soda is much wau toi, and there is nono offering. The last sold realized £29 to £30. Sugars are easier. Teas aro scarce Tobacco fineat samples, is improving. Three-bushel bnge have been bought to-day at a guinea, and are advancing. Wool and sheepskins are easier. FlUDAY. Tho Fort Macquarie pilot reports finding some wreck, supposed to be a portion of the schooni-r Guiding Star, for Sydney, lost probably during the late gales. The police have given up the search for Greig and party. A policeman has accidentally shot a Bottler's wife at Becky River. James Stewart, tied at Bathurst for murdering his mate at Fort Bourke, has been Benteuccd to death. The Castle Blaney diggings have proved a bubble. The prospectors belted. Busiuess very quiet, speculators awaiting mail's arrival. Fine flour, £23 ; seconds, £21 ; bran. Is. Gd. The Alexandra (s.s.) will take tho South Aus- tralian branch mails to King Georgo's Sound this month. She will sail for Melbourne, cn rouie, on Tuesday. Wheat is selling in small parcels at 10J. CJ. Chilian wheat is held for 10s. SATURDAY. The intercolonial rifk team practised to-day, and made splendid shooting. Roberts has been playing at Maitland. Ile gave Fulford six hundred points, and yvou by sixty seven. Flour much firmer. The corgo of the Novello Pallas has changed bauds, and other largo sales aro pending. Higher rates aro expected to rale next week. MONDAY. Archbishop Polding is reported to bo recovering, but he will remain at Illawarra uutil convalescent. Mr. Russell, oue of the intercolonial liflo team, is unable to take part in tba intercolonial match. A further appoiatuiont will therefore bo necessary; The Tarra, from Warrnambool, reports that the schooner Circassian sailed for Sydney on the 3rd. She has not yet arrived, aud it is feared she must have met with au accident during the hurricane yvhich occurred on the coast shortly after her depar- ture. The Opposition inlond moving to-morrow for an ainoadmeut of tho address. [ TUESnAY. . Parliameut met at noon to-day. The Governor'« speech wa3 vaguer and moro longthy than usual. It referred to au improved system of keeping Go- vernments accounts ; to tho imposition of border duties being rendered necessary by Victoria refusing equitablo arrangements, unless their claim to juris- diction over a portion of the colony yvero recog. nised ; and to satisfactory arrangements having been made with South Australia, offeot to which would be given by bill. It stated that thoquestiou of church and school lands trusts would have to bo dealt with before the finances for the year were con lidered j that proposals for meeting tbo financia deficit would be submitted. It expressed the hope that the difficulties would to some extent be met by such an extension of municipal institutions as would enable Government to place on local resources a portion of the burden of the general revenue, A bill for this object bad been prepared. The speech congratulated Parliament- on the de- crease of crime ; it dwelt on tho necessity for rail- way extension, and mentioned that a fresh loin would be pioposed, to extend the Northern and Western Railways. It also iutimated that pro- vision would be made for a permanent appropriation fortheSydney miut,soastoobtaia agcneral currency for the Sydney sovereign; and that bills would be submitted for amending the impounding laws ; for the improvement of prison discipline; for the pro- tection and reformation of neglected children ; for the regulation of the volunteer force; for the further prevention of the sale of deceased meat; and for the better management of the gold-fields. The speech added that the subjects of public works and the administration of justice ia the south and south western districts bad been under the consideration of the Government; aud that propositions in refer- ence to these matters would be brought forward during the sessiou. Mr. Cowper moved an amendment to the address. Buring his speech, he stated that rumors were current that the Treaourer bad obtained the Go- vernor's signature to a bill authorising payments for an illegal expenditure, by uot explaining what the money was for. A long aud warm debate followed. The foundation stone of an engine-house, to hold six fire-engines, was laid to-day. The charge of horse . stealing o gainst Miss Dicksou has been dismissed. Stratton aud Norris have been convicted of bush rangiug in the yvestern districts, aud sentenced to tea years on the roads. The schooner Bonaparte, from Bellambi to Inver- cargill, laden with coal, foundered at sea. The captain aud crewr arrived ia a boat to-day. WEDNESDAY. The debate on the address has been resumed. It is not likely to finish for a couple of nights. A Ministerial defeat is anticipated. A Berrima telegram announces the discovery ia the bush of portions of each mail plundered on the southern road since June. The letters, all opened, contained cheques", drafts, and half-notes, repre- senting thousands of pounds. The farmers in portions of the Hunter district are mowing down wheat affected by rust for fodder. Mr. Thornton writes from Loudon, stating that Kelly, Chambers, and Cooper have each offered to row Green for the championship. Ho recommends Green to leturn to England. The Union Marine Insurance Company ave form- ing a local board here. The prospectus, of the company has been favorably noticed by the papers. Dr. Bellisaro has been appointed Provincial Grund Master of the Freemasons, Scotch consti- tution. Miss Dickson has preferred a charge of perjury against a witness in the horse- stealing case. The Sydney Insurance Company bave held their annual meeting, and declared a dividend of ten per cent., and a bouus of Is. per share. WEDNESDAY MOHNINQ. The Premier announced last oveniug that, in the event of the vote of censure being carrioJ, the Ministers yvould recommend a dissolution of Par- liament. Erotn the tone of the debate, the défait of the Government appeared probable. The debate was adjourned uutil this afternoon. WEDNESDAY EVENING. The debato on the waut of coufideuce motion is still proceeding. Tho Messrs. Threlkeld sold by auction to-day sugar, ex Fairy Kock, nt Hin following rates : Rations, at from £31 to £31 2s. Gd. ; royal snow- drop, £-13; crystals, from £-10 to £12; bright counters, from £37 23' Gd. to £39 10s. per ton. The Harriet Armit age has cleared out for Mel- bourne, with 10,000ft. of timber and 120 bags of maize. THURSDAY. The want of confidence debate continues. The division is expected to take placo this week. The Colonial Secretary stated last night that the Go- vernment intended to dissolve, ia the event of the amendment bsiug carried. Mr. Robertson and Mr. Darvall, members of the late Government, havo strongly condemned the imposition of the border duties, and the impetuosity ot the Govern- ment in breaking off negotiations with Victoria. The Symons Forest Lodge Stntiou,6ix miles from Goulburn, was stuck-up by bushrangers yesterday Newman, tho postmaster at Forbep, has becu convicted of abstracting money from a lotter, and sentenced to two years on the roads. A large public meeting was held last uight to promote tho uuiou of the Prebyteriau Churches. Markets dull. Merchants engaged with mail advices. Bulk ale and MarteU's brandy iu request at extreme rates. Sugars firmer. Teas, 10s. per chest higher. All the cu-nsacks in the market have been purchased for Adelaide. M.irtell's braudies are firmer ; sales have taken place at 9.i. I Low qualities of sugars are advanciug. Crystals aro lower. Oilmen's stores and teat are improving Flour is very firm at £21. Wheat is at from 10s. 3d. to 103. GJ., and is scarce at this figure. Fine qualities of tobacco, ten's and twist, aro greatly improved ; there is no stock. Low qualities are abundant. Small sales of rice havo taken place at £21. Wool.-There is a little offering ; prices are easier-floeco, Is. 8Jd. Sheepskins have declined Cattle and thojp market improving, ADELAIDE, TnunsDAY, The Government bavo stated to the House of Assembly that immediate steps will be taken to re- inforce tho Northern Expelitiou. The question whether the i enforcements shall go by steamer or Bailing vessel is under consideration. The Government have arrived at no décision respecting the charges ngainst Ebonezor Ward. The papers are full of complaints against govern- ment Resident Fiuuiss,by members of tho expe- dition. Thoro is moro inquiry for wheat ; sales took place at 93. 3d. ; flour, £2i to £22 ; cornsacks, 23?., with au upward teudency. Malt stiffly held at 8s. A bootmaker named Charles Ashley, in a state of (¡ulirium tramen«, this morning barbarously stabbed his wife. Sho is not expected to recover. The Rev. Julian Woods of Penola, writos to tho Border Watch saying he will do his utmost to get' that district united to Victoria. The Northern Expedition will be reinforced im- mediately, but it is undecided whether by steamer or sailing vessel. It ¡B oxpected Ebenezer Ward will be rc-called. The Amyous, from Batavia, to Sydney, brings 2,221 mats of rice, not tous, as reported iii our telegram of yesterday. Louis Fischoll left yesterday by the Omeo. The Adamant, from Plymouth, has brought 370 government and assisted immigrants. Sales of wheat were made to-duy at 93. 3d. Captain Saunders, of Sydney, has received a telegram here from head-quarters in Melbourne, ordering him to proceed to Bengal to join that portion of his Regiment which is located there. The effect of this order is, that he is not only cleared of the charges laid against him before the Sydney court-martial, but of those laid before the Horse Guards. Small quantities of greasy wool have been sold to-day at from 8|d. to9d. FRIDAY. Sales were made of sacks to-day at 23s. Teas and sugar firm at former quotations. Sales of wheat, 9s. 3d. at Port. Flour, £23 to £24. Best brands of southern whale oil realized at auction to-day 5s. per gallon. TheBaugatira sailed al four p.m.duringa severo thunderstorm. A verdict of "Wilful Murder" has been recorded against Ashley for the murder of his wife. He has beon committed for trial. The government will immediately call for tenders for a steamer to proceed to the Northern territory, with an additional patty to support the government Resident. The thermometer there ranges from 37deg. to HOdeg. in one day. The agent of the Peninsular aud Oriental Com- pany at King George's Sound writes to the Register " that no passage-tickets are issued at Albany without the productiou of a certificate of pardoo." The Register says this does not moke them any more welcome ia the colonies. The Art-Union cleared out to-day for Calcutta with a cargo of horses and copper. SATUHDAY. The price of wheat bos advanced. Holders ask Os. 3d; to 9s. 9d, The slightest increase in demand will further rise prices. Flour, £23 to £24 10s. A heavy galo is blowing from the westward. Much sympathy is expressed for Mr. Finniss, the Government Resident in the Northern territory, in his present perilous position, owing to tho insubor- dination of his party. MONDAY. Accounts from the far north state that heavy nins have fallen. It is expected that Mr, Townsend, M.P., will be elected mayor. Buyers of wheat offer 9s. 3d. to 9s. 4d. for Port delivery, but holders look for higher rates. Small sales have taken place at 9s. G1, Flour sales at £23. Corn-sacks, 23s. No. 4 fencing wire, £17. All kinds of oilmen's stores dull, scarcely realizing invoice prices. Ceylon plantation coffee receded to Is. l^d. Currants, good fruit, 4J., duty paid. Byass'8 stout, 9s. to 9s. 3d. Teas firm ; a cargo of new crop yvculd realize fair prices. Kent hops (18G3), 2s. 3d. to 2s. Gd. Advices received from Albany, in Western Aus- tralia, state that a public meeting was held there on the 16th August. A memorial was adopted praying the Queen at once totally and finally to abolish transportation to Western Australia. It appears that the convict population now consider- ably outnumbers the free, and in a very short time the latter will become a raero fraction of the com- munity. There is an alarming disproportion of tho sexes. Upwards of a thousand cases, attributable to the convict population, bave come before the magistrates in the courso of the year beyond thoso which have been reported. TUESDAY. The Treasurer has stated tbat tho steamer South Australian is laid on tho berth for the north- ern territory for private purposes only, the government not having decided to send reinforce- ments by her until the arrival of despatches for- warded by the Beatrice. The Assessment on Stock Bill has been reid a third time. The markets are very baro of yvheat. From 9s. Gd. to 9s. 9d. is freely offered at the Port, but there is none to be had. Several mills bave stopped ia consequence. Flour in demand. Sales to-day Best toyvn braudí, £24. The steamer South Australian sails next Satur- day for Adain'3 Bay, northern territory, calling at Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, aud Rockhampton. Copper is lower. The price asked by tho Wal laroo and Burra Burra. Mining Association is £01. WEDNESDAY. Mr. Parr has sold a cargo of Launceston timber, os W. B. Dean, at the following rates :-Hardwood, from 9s. Gd. to 11s. Gd. per 100 feet. ; sawn black- wood, lGi. ; six-feet palings, 2Ss. 3d. Potatoes, £3 12s. Gd. Wheat, for Port delivery, OJ. 9d. to 10s. ; in town, di. Gd. ; but little offering. Flour, country brands,£22 ; best town, £21. Byass's stout in demand at 9s. 3d. per dozen. A fight took place between two sailors on board the Rona. Oae was killed. A man named Winn wai drowned yesterday, while bathing. Small sales of corn-3ncks have t.ikju place at 24s. National Bank shares £5, with dividend £<S, Alelaide Marine Insurance£20. The Danish ship Virginie left Puget Sound on the 18th of July, for Adelaide, with a cargo of timber. THURSDAY A coroner's inqury has been held as to the cir- cumstances attending the fatal fight on board tho brig Rona. The jury absolve! the prisoner. A requisition to Mr. Sydney Clarke, asking him to become n candidate for the mayoralty has been declined in favour of Mr. Thotr.ns. Northern territory laud-orders have boon sold at premuim £15. The Treasurer stated ¡u the Assembly that the tonnage of shipiug entering Port Adelaide during the last nine months exhibited an increase of one third ns compared with the corresrwnding period of any prorious year. Wheat-, town, 9s. to 93. Gd.; Port, small 6alos at 93\. Gd., but sellers ask 10s. Flour sales, country brauds, £22; town brands, £23; Hart's, £21. Bran sold at Is. 4d. ; holders ask l8. Gd. Coppor lower ; price £91 at Port. Corn- sacks, 23s.Gd. to 243\. At Parr and Luxmoro's first wool sale, thirty, seven bales of greasy wore sold, at 9J. ; tho rest pns^ed. Business generally dull. Booth's bulk gin, Taylor, Walker and Co.'s stout and currants aro in <;oúd demand. Largo parcels of Byass'a bottled porter have bee» sold at 9s.3d Capo barley, 3s.Gd. English, 5s. THE GARDENS AND TUB Cnori -Wet as- trie» weatlioi Ins heretofore boen, and backwnrûa&uas; boen the season, as íespeots vegetation, tlicpresent time is lemnikably gouinl The days ara-bright and fine, with a bracing sea bioeze from tin south yyost and atempeiatme quite invigorating, «hil«, natuic displays its beauties in the most lavish pro», fusion Our gnrdens piesont n scene of great luxiii mnce, mid in ñuit.in floiveis, and mva<;etnt»a geuorall}, tho promise of an abundant «op is mont encouriiging.thenppleaiidchcirytieesbwngcoverea with their pink and white blossoms m largo lunches of floial beauty, yylnlo the blanches of tho smaller finit trees are seeu uoiv beudiug beneath the weight of the fruit, winch is attaining a good Bizi. Tho foithcomiug Hoiticultural Shoyy, yylnch will take place to morrow, will exhibit somo fine floivors mid vegetables, but tue season istoo\oung forfiuit although, wo under- stand, somo few sniuples of tho oailioi kinds will bo shown Tho soil and elim ite of tins colony are peculiarly ndapted for the giowtlt of English fruit» and vegetables ot eveiy sort, and if moro pains wore taken in then cultivation, by giafting, rear- ing fiom slips nnd seedlings, nud bv pacing moro attention to the proper nutiition of the soil,»; gi enter perfection yyould lie attained in thokizo and flavor of the product. This nppoars to iw leir almost entirely to the professional gardenor, wuo has to make the most of his produce but if private , gentlemou were to bestow moro caro in this respect, they would be amply repaid for their troublo. Kor should they bo discouraged by tho poor or intract- able quolity of their lands, as this may be easily remedied by proper treatmont not certainly without; expenso or labor, but tho result would amply repty both. TVe havo known bods of stiff, nna very ugly clay, in drv weather caked ns hard almost as stone, transformed into fertile soil by a liberal use 01 nshes, limo, and other matiuro, with no »lint « digging and hoeing, and we may observe UK a areat portion of tho land about Hobart Town UM this unpiouiising description in the first instance» but labor omnio nine« is a good nnd encouraginf motto, and by resolutely putting one'B shoulder'le- the wheel the greatest difficulty may be eventually overcome. 