LATEST IN rELLIGENCE. We take the following latest intelligence from the telegraphic correspondence of the London evening ? journals of the 27th June : — THE MEETING OF THE SOVEREIGNS; The Gazette de Cologne publishes the following summary of Russian propositions which have been the subject of negotiations at Kissengen and Carls bad. Russia, Prussia, and Austria, bind ihem- selves by a convention to act together upon all tho European questions of the present time ; to declare the Polish question an internal, not an internal tional question, and mutually to guarantee to each other their existing frontiers. The ratifications of this convention to be exchanged shortly. THE LONDON CONFERENCE. . Paris, 26th June. — The Moniteur of this evening says :— ' Yesterday's. sitting of the London Confer ence passed off very quietly. The belligerents read declarations in which they explained . the present position of affairs according to the views of their re spective Governments. Earl Russell reviewed the labors of the Conference, and expressed a hopo, in - which the neutral Powers concurred, that, whatever might be the issue of the conflict, the independence of the Danish monarchy would be preserved. It is t, thought that hostilities will be resumed this morn ing. Fourteen Danish vessels are cruising between Kiel and theisland of Fehmern.' Frankfort-on-the-Maine, 25th June. — The semi official Nor ddeutsche- Zeitung of to-day says : — 'The fortnight's prolongation of the armistice, which was agreed to at the sitting of the Conference of tho 6th instant, expires on the 25th, so that hostilities' will recommence on the 26th, and not on the 27th instant.' Berlin, 25th June.— The Spenersche Zeitung of to-day says : — ' A telegram from Vienna, dated yes terday evening, states that the German sovereigns at Carlsbad had come to an understanding upon the Dauo-German question. According to this under standing, Prussia would, with the concurrence of Austria, propose at the Federal Diet that the Ger man Confederation should declare war against Den mark.', . ; , Prince Albert of Prussia will leave this evening for the head-quarters of the army in the Duchies, iu consequence of a telegram sent by the King from Carlsbad. . .'.. Hamburg, 26th ..June. — Prince Albrechfc passed in great; haste; through Hamburg this morning, being the bearer of an order to Marshal von WrangeLto recommence hostilities to-day. ??'?:!? ' ' . ?' ? ' RUSSIA. St. Petersburg,. 25th June. — The Minister of Finance has submitted to the Council of State a pro ject for the formation of a Russian Credit Foncior and Industrial Bank. The establishment of these houses, among which are the International Financial Society and the London Credit Foncier. Tho Bank of Meiningen will also concur in this object. . '?' . ? '??' , SPAIN. Mabrid, 25th June.— The council met yesberday, under the presidency of the Minister -of the .Interior, to draw up the law On'the press. :....'.? 'J 1 PRINCE. COUZA^AND THE PORTE. ' Constantinople, . 22nd ' JunW— ? The Conference of Ambassadors has sanctioned the reported ar rangement between the' Porte 'and Pririco, Couza, relative to a change in'; the constitution of the Principalities.- The English Government has given biscuits to the value of £5,000 to the. Circassians, and offered to the Porte to facilitate a special, loan for the purchase of objects to be ? distributed among them. Immense suffering and mortality continue among the immigrants. ' . . ITALY. Turin, 25th June.— In yesterday evening's sit ting of the Chamber of Deputies, the Minister of Finance announced that the concessionaries of the Credit Foncier had withdrawn their proposition, in, consequence of which the Ministry would withdraw their bill authorising the concession. At the same time the Minister declared that a fresh bill would be brought in, which, instead of granting an exclu sive concession, should throw the project open to public competition. The Minister for Foreign Affairs, in reply to a question, declared that, to pro tect Italian interests in Peru, the Government had determined to hasten the departure of an Italian minister to Lima. They, also, intended sonding some vessels. to the Pacific to increase the number of their representatives. Paris, 26th Juno. — The Moniteur of this evening says :— ' The Italian Government has taken every measure to repress vigorously all attempts at dis-« turbance which may be made by extreme parties.' ROME. : Rome, 25th June. — The Congregation of the Index has condemned thirteen works, among which are .'' Les Miserables,' by Victor Hugo, and some.ro mances of de Balzac and Soulie. ' - ? 