ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL. 1 . by KI.F.CTniC TRI.EGUArH.J The branch 'steamer Rangatirn, arrived at (ilHiielg on Wednesday morning. The P. 'and O. Company's steamer Bombay is -two days in advance of her contract time. The Australian mails were delivered in Eng land. via Marseilles, on the 14th July; and, Tin Southampton, on the 18tli. "/The Queen's health continues good. ' A motion lias passed the ILmse of Commousto withdraw the troops in New Zealand. Mr. Disraeli's motion of want of confidence liaB "been' negatived by a majority of' 18 in favour of Ministers. A deputation of' gentlemen connected with the 'Australian colonies, requesting a reduction of postal rates to those dependencies of the Crown, is likely to prove successful. The Savoy Church in the Stran'd, London, 'was totally destroyed by fire. Tho Queen' has de clared her intention to rebuild it at her own expense. A dreadful railway accident ha3 occurred at Mon treal.'" Eleven carriages, "containing 354 German immigrants, went over the bridge. 'Mrs. Yelverton has lost her appeal to the House of Lords. \- Lord Derby is ill. ' The'ihike of Newcastle is'-recovering. | ! The case against Bishop Colenso is likely to be quashed. The revenue returns for the quarter ending the 30t,h of June show a decrease of £690,902. " Great excitement has beeu occasioned by the murder of a Mr. Briggs in a railway carriage on Hie '-night of the' 9th of July. The body was thrown' out of the 'car on tho line. -It is supposed that ttie murderer lias gone to America. Dr. Livingstouo has arrived in London. The Great Eastern is waiting for the Atlantic cable. The Canadian Ministry are pledged for a fede ration of the colonies. "'The " Prussians have captured Alsen. The Danes have lost over 3000 men, and have sued for peace. 'An attack upon Copenhagen -is threatened. Great excitement is felt, at the Danish capital. An armistice has been effected for ten days. The Pope's health is restored. Garibaldi is ill, and lias returned- to Ischia. The King of the Belgians' is on' a visit to the EHijieror, Louis Napoleon. ' A rupture between Austria and Prussia is rumoured. The Bank of England lias raised the discount to 7 per cent. Shipments to the colonies have decreased. -'Large shipments of wheat ure being sent to the colonies- Home prices have advanced two shil lings a quarter. .' General I,eo has invaded the Northern States, and captured an immense quantity of plunder. The Government has applied to the banks for -a loan of fnty millions of dollars. 'General Sherman is before Atnlanta. The Confederates have been victorious in Maryland, and took the Federal General Franklin and' his staff prisoners. Washington is threatened' by the Confederates. The Federal militia have all been called out., and great reluctance is manifested by them. The Confederates 1 -st twelve caunons and 400 men at Petersburg ; but after two days' struggle the Federals were dislodged, and lost '450.prisonerc and four guns. Grant was repulsed in three attacks on the Gity of Richmond, and lost from 6000 to 8000 men. He subsequently lost 3000 more in an other engagement, and finally abandoned the attack. -J.'F. Sco villn, the correspondent signing him self " Manhattan," of the London Standard, died suddenly on June 25, 'at.'- New- York. 'London Wool RF.rolrr.— Tim third and most important sale of the year commenced on July 21st. The numher of hales catalogued was 142.020. There was a good attendance of home and foreign buyers. The prices realised" were : — For ordinary qualities, the same as in May. Leicester and Hulford wools brought an advance ef fully ljd. per lb. A continuance of the pre sent rates depends greatly on the progress of the harvest and monetary operations. The rates will -continue until the-2iul September. 