LATEST FROM EUROPE. The Prince and Princess of Wales will honor the Ascot Races with their presence on Tuesday, the 7th. and Thursday, the 9th of June. A War-office return gives the following account of the Militia at the training in 1863 : There were present on the day of inspection, 2,521 officers, 4.465 non-commissioned officers, and 95,481 privates. The force amounted last year to above 112,000. The people of the Cape de Verde Islands, it appears, are suffering fearfully from famine, especially the Island of St Jago. Thousands of poor creatures are lying about under walls and hedges in the neighborhood of the town of Porto Praya, who have deserted their homes and made for the town in the hopes of being fed. Many from the more distant parts of the island died on their way, unable to reach the town. Starvation and death are making fearful havoc amongst them. All the other islands are visited nearly as badly, and the best informed people say that two-thirds of the inhabitants must die. There are no provisions in the islands and very little money. Correspondence from Constantinople contains painful details of the immense immigration of Circassians into Turkey, caused by the surrender of Vardar, the last Circassian stronghold, and the consequent resolution of three tribes to abandon their country. 27,000 Circassians have already arrived at Trebizond, and it is supposed that within the next two or three months at least 300,000 more will seek refuge in Turkey. The most shocking misery prevails among those unhappy wanderers, in spite of the efforts made by the Turkish government to alleviate their sufferings and settle them in some of its most thinly- populated territories. It is proposed to enlist 20,000 of them in the Turkish army and it is estimated that the Sultan's treasury will be drained of at least £1,000,000 for the support and establishment of. the vanquished tribes which are flying from their Russian conquerors into his dominions. On Thursday the Princesses Louise and Helena, and Prince and Princess of Wales honored the Earl and Countess Fitzwilliam with their company at a concert given in aid of the subscription for the relief of the sufferers by the inundation at Sheffield. It will be satisfactory to the service to learn that the Lords of the Admiralty have decided that wartime shall be allowed to those captains who were in command of any of her Majesty's ships during the operations on the coast of China between the years 1859 and 1862, At the last sitting of the Paris Academy of Sciences, a paper by M. Loir was sent in by the Minister of the interior, in which the author endeavored to show that a quantity of electri- city was produced in large factories, and might be turned to account by means of the straps which generated it by their friction in communicating motion to the machinery. Mr. Cox, son of an English physician of Valparaiso, had been exploring an almost unknown inland sea in Chili and the river Limay, when the party fell into the hands of a tribe of wild Indians. The Cacique wanted to kill him for visiting his dominions without permission ; but Mr. Cox played him a tune on the flageolet, and the chief relented and let him go, in the Italian Parliament some of the men here have urgently demanded that Rome should he occupied by Italian troops. The Anglo-Australian Bank has agreed to take the remainder of the Austrian loan of 40 millions for disposal on commission. The shipwrights of Hull have struck work. Garibaldi had arrived safely at Caprera. The late Mr. S. Wheelhouse, of Deptford. be queathed £13,000 to various charities. All England is challenged to a bowling tournament at Kirkcudbright on the 26th of July. Quantities of rifles are it is said, being smug fled into Hungary by the Rhine, from Switzerland At the Jesuit College at Stonyhurst, there are more Protestant than Roman Catholic students. Several persons are supposed to have lost their lives during the recent fire in Demerara. Lieut. F. W. Hutton, of the 21st North British Fusiliers, has died from injuries received at the fire. The National Gallery is, it appears, to be built in the gardens of Burlington house, the house not to be pulled down until the building wants wings. The wall space will be 3,000 feet lineal, and the cost £150,000. An engine explosion occured in the Under- ground Railway on Monday morning. The boiler exploded in an upwards direction with tremendous force, hurling the massive metal cupola through the roof, and doing considerable damage. The driver and stoker were both injured, and several of the passengers, as well as some of those arriving by a train which had just entered the station, were slightly injured. At Chatham, the other day, Sergeant Hudson, R.A., was fined a guinea for kissing the landlady of a public house. During the trial of the case the solicitor for the plaintiff threatened to communicate with the Commander-in- Chief, where- upon Quartermaster R.Kolby,who had just given evidence for the defendant, turned deadly pale upon hearing this throat, and sunk lifeless upon the floor of the court. The evidence proved that it was apoplexy,conacquent upon excitement. Her Majesty has expressly asserted her right to revise and direct the communications passing between her government and the governments of other nations. And the ominous silence of Ministers at the present moment leads the public to believe that she is even now bent on pursuing a line of policy which is not that which they would recommend, and which, the two Houses would approve, while Lord Palmerston explicitly lays down the doctrine that the Houses are not entitled to know the engagements made in the name of the country till after they have been irrevocably concluded. A singular circumstance is reported to us on good authority. About three weeks ago, one of the villages in the province of Harpout was visited with what was at first thought to be a shower of hail, which, however, proved to be a farinaceous substance with all the characteristics of corn. The inhabitants have hailed it as the harbinger of a fine harvest, and the price of corn has actually declined in the district from 125 to 85 piastres the kilogramme. Sampler of this curious grain have been received at the Porte. The Moniteur confirms the statement that a large Russian army is assembled on the frontier of Bessarabia and M. Boucher, speaking of Denmark, said on Thursday, " If, by possibility, France could embark her treasure in such an enterprise, it is not to Denmark that we should have gone ; we should rather have moved armies for other misfortunes and other sorrows." Does that mean to free Poland of the Christians of Turkey ? We suspect it refers to the latter, as the people of the Principalities and Bulgaria are understood to be upon the very eve of revolt, and a new Conference is immediately to be held at Constantinople. A bell buoy is to be placed on Daunt's Rock, Queenstown. It has been officially announced that the English garrison would leave Corfu upon the 3rd of June. The populace of Berlin have been having fetes in honor of Prussian successes in Slearig. The Ajana and guns captured from the Danes were carried in a triumphal procession. The directors of the London and Westminster Bank are said to have paid Messrs Jones Lloyd and Co, the enormous sum of il. 250,00 for the bank interest of their firm, the bank premises included. On Monday last, the Dean of Westminister gave a dinner in the College-hall Dean's yards, Westminister, to a large party of friends, principally those who had been educated at that public school founded by the peerless Queen Elizabeth. In the Government of Tamboff, Russia, an officer and a young lady, his cousin, were en- amoured of each other; but their relationship being an obstacle to their union, the lady begged her lover to put an end to her life, and the latter, in a moment of frenzy, only too faithfully executed for wishes. One of the M.S. poems-alas that it should be compelled to remain Messent in to the Stratford Tercentenary Committee, began -" Come, let us now toroenorate." Ingenious, is it not? From tercentenary, regenerate, tcrcenerating, terconoratod, terrorising, ter generation, terconcroflity, teroeneramity, and so on. Austria continues to give up to Russia the Poles who take refuge in Galicia, but those extraditions no longer occur at Brody, where facts of that nature excited general indignation ; the prisoners are sent off through small villages on the frontier, The Austrian authorities have been instructed not to give up the, refuges directly to Russian agents; the Poles are taken to the frontier and forced to enter the kingdom, the Russians having been previously informed of the place and hour at which their » prey would be thus driven into their nets. " * ', The subscribers to a fund for presenting , Garabaldi with an estate are to have their money returned, Garabaldi having, as might have been anticipated, decline 1 such a tribute. A young priest of Ciprano went out shooting' with a double-barrelled gun. He was waylaid by four brigands, two of whom he shot, and then ran off, pursued by the others. loading his gun " as he ran the priest turned and shot his pursuers ' dead., At Plymouth, North Carolina, a Confederate ' ram attacked a Federal gunboat. The commander of the latter seeing the enemy approach <' rushed forward, sighted, and fired the bow gun loaded with shell, which struck the rain, re- , bounded, and instantly killed him, a piece of the shell penetrating his breast. An Irish baronet has hit upon a clever idea for the prevention of agrarian outrage. His bailiff was threatened, whereupon he informed the tenantry that in the event of the bailiff being killed, he should raise their rents by the amount of a life annuity to his widow. This is nearly as good as the device of another landlord, who threatened with death for claiming some rent, , called his tenants together, and read out his wife leaving the entire property to a Scotchman. He understood his countrymen, and is alive yet. There are some people who go so far as to declare that there is a letter in existence, and which will yet be produced, written by Lord Palmerston himself to Garibaldi while he was supposed to be at Caprera, and begging him to postpone his visit till the Conference was over. Garibaldi had left before the letter arrived, and hence when he did come it was determined to get him away as soon and as decently as possible. The Evening Moniteur has created a sense" sation in Paris, not among the public, but among the proprietors and editors of journals!, from the fact that undue facilities are given to it by Government to enable the paper to her, sent by post and to be delivered. It is also hawked about in the theatres to the detri- ment of papers which have paid for the sole privilege. The press have held a meeting, and come to the determination to display greater boldness in their writing, to meet the attack of Government, and to enter an action against the Evening Moniteur for " illegal competition."' 150,000 copies were struck off for the first issue. The Fnndenblatt, of Vienna, declares that it is not the threats of England, but the Danish batteries in the Sound, which will prevent the Austrian squadron from entering the Baltic Sea. The electric telegraph is working well be tween Bussorah and Kurrachee. It only remains to complete the Section through the valley of the Euphrates to make the chain from London to Calcutta complete. So great is the antagonism felt by the Athens ians towards Count Sponneok that the National Assembly has voted his expulsion from Greece. The contract for the dead horses in the Federal army has been let for £12,000. Sever Carvajal took possession of his new post as President of Ecuador on the 29th of March. The town of Southwold is suffering severely from inroads of the sea. The Ottoman Porte has asked for explanations from the Russian Government concerning the concentration of troops in Bessarabia. In the year 1867 the Rev. W. M. Punshon is very likely to take the chair at the Wesleyan Conference, and he will be the youngest man. except Dr. Bunting, who has ever held the highest office in Methodism. Lord Brougham has arrived in Paris from Cannes on his way to England, and appears in excellent health. His lordship has been devoted inga portion of his leisure in the south to preparing an introduction to a collection of the speeches of the great Lord Plunket. A boy who was bitten in the lip about a month ago by a shepherd's dog, belonging to a farmer living at West Derby near Liverpool, died a few days ago of hydrophobia The most striking illustration of the saying that the pith of a lady's letter is in the postscript which we have I heard of, was that of a young lady, who, having gone out to India, and writing home to her friends, concluded with the following words .-" PS. You will see by my signature that I am married." The following dialogue is said to have taken place recently between a married couple on their travels s's My dear, are you comforts table in that corner P"- Quite, thank you, my dear." " Sure there's plenty room for your feet? ' -" Quite sure, love." " And no cold air from the window by your ear ?"-" Quite certain, darling." Then, my dear, I'll change places with you." At the May meetings which have just been held in Exeter Hall, the Church Missionary Society reported its year's income at £154,847* including about £20,000 raised in the missions themselves ; the Wesleyan Missionary Society. had received £134,278 in the year, the London (the Congregationalist), £81,082 ; the Baptist, £34,419. The British and Foreign Bible Society received in the past year £89,897 for general purposes, in addition to £79,007 from sales of Bibles ; the London Society for Promoting Christianity among the Jews, £32,680. The) Wesleyan Missionary Society is now raising its jubilee special fund, which already amounts) to £170,000. This May the Church Pastoral Aid Society has reported its year's income u £41,545; the London City Mission, £42,478 î the Scripture Readers'' Society, £11,193 the Array Scripture Readers'', £9,477 ; the Home Missionary Society, £6,508. The Irish Church Missions, a society which adopts a plural title, has fought its way to an income of £26,622. The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts reports an income for the year at £87,832, and the Additional Curates" Society is stated to have received £26,119. The Rev. Mr Spurgeon has been known to 1 receive as many as 400 letters in a day. Many of them are anonymous, and on many times postage is not prepaid. The reverend gentle- now refuses all the latter. One of these, s} short time ago, after having been in the dead letter office and opened there was sent; again to Mr. Spurgeon with a statement that the letter was anonymous and therefore could not be returned to the writer, and, that it contained, a value his enclosure, The reverend gentleman . paid the postage, and found a £20 note in the letter. The main chains of the Clifton Suspension bridge was completed during the past week, and the work of attaching the rods and girders and laying the roadway will be commenced forthwith. A beautiful specimen of the finest Irish laces' value 100 guineas, has] been prepared 500 presentation to the Princes of Wales, 9 5 Miss ladies of Ireland, in remembrance of the jury marriage, '4; The Registrar-General's table of births-,' marriages, and deaths registered in England for the year 1883 gives the following number The population was 10,066.224 ; number of marriages. 173,388; births, 729,399; deaths 475,582. Of the births, there were 373,077 males, and 356, 322 females and of deaths, 243 294 males, and 232,333 females. The returns for the quarters wore: Marriages, March, 35,454; Juno, 41,058 ; September £1,902 December, 51,974. Births- SIaroh.180,053 ; June 189,6 September, 173,125 ; December 180,010. Deaths -Mardi, 18,52 1; June, 118,375 ; September, 112,384 ; December, 116,299. In London, with a population of 2,803,989, there were 20,910 marriages, 103,897 births, and 73,346 deaths. Some sailors at Swansea have been fined 10s. for insulting the French flag, by tearing it up in a quarrel. It was the value of the flag-a curious a day of appraising the insulting part of the business. A correspondent has sent to a contemporary from Tonauerg, which is the oldest town in Norway, the following translation of an inscription upon the wall of St. Mary's Church, which has just been taken down "Year 1589, St. Martin's Day, which was the 1 day of Now., which then came on a Tuesday, the high-born King and Sire, Sir Jacob Stuart, King in Scotland, came to this town and the 25th Sunday after Trinity, which was on the 16th day of Novr,, his Grace stood in this pew, and heard a Scotch sermon on the 23rd Psalm, The Lord is my Shepherd, which Mr. David Lentz, minister in London, then preached between 10 and 12. Sir Jacob was married to Princess Anna, daughter of King Frederic II. of Denmark, and sister of King Christian IV. The Realm describes a singular scene. Some cotton has lately been imported into Farringdon where the mills have been closed for a considerable time. The people, who were previously in the deepest distress, went out to meet the cotton, the women wept over the bales and kissed them, and finally sang the doxology over the welcome importation. Imagine cotton has coming political, and people spontaneously raising a To Deum because asked once more to toil ! If that incident is true as it stands, it would make a better incident for the operates than half the worn-out incidents of dramatic story. . seem a 