COLONIAL MARKETS. Melbourne Flour and Grain Market.-Tho markets opened very quietly, with but a limitod demand. On lim fallowing day several somewhat considerable parcels of Adelaide sorts were placed by auotion, at from £20 17s Gd to £21 17s Gd. Tasmanian was placod at £'20, and holdem of Chilian parcels fixed their quotation to the samo rate ; towards the close of the week, however, a slight reaction has sot in, and prices aro steadier, in consequence of the light supplies in the country districts and consequent improved demand. The home advisors report that nbont 3,000 tons of breadstuff's have been despatched for the Australian colonies from the United States, and some 500 tons from South America; but this of course does not inoludo any parcels in course of ship- ment, whioh may possibly be heavy in extent. At Sydney another cargo of Chilian flour has arrived, the vessel bringing intelligence that two other ships were loading for the Australian colonies. Advioes are said to havo reaohod Sydney from California to the 13th July that no vessels were then loading for Australia. The statomont may bo correot, but, judging from past ex- perience of the reports so brought up, must bo received with caution. The Californian wheat harvest would commence armut a week after the date named, wbeu, in all probability, several ships would commence loading. Wo may remark as something strange, that the papers from those quarters, as far as we can ascertain, afiord no particulars of the extent or prospeots of the crops there. Quotations at the olose of to-day's market rule bb follows, showing as regards flour an advanoe of nearly £1 par ton on last week's rates :-Adelaide, host brands, £22 10a to £23; Tasmanian, £21 to £21 6s; Chilian, £20 10a to £21 First-cUss Bamples of South Australian wheat are sale- able at 9s 9d to IO« por bushol. Oats continue dull of sile, nothing but really good Bimples of colonial being asked for. Shipments from Kngland are announced ; bnt from the presont condition of tho market for im- ported sorts presont prioes are unlikely to bo disparaged. Dutch and Danish are quoted at 3s 3d to 3a. 9d ; Irish and Scotoh, 3a to 3a 3d. ; ooloninl4s to 4s 3d per busliol ; Barley in very light inquiry. Cape quoted at 4j ; malt- ing, 4a 9d to Os per bushel. Mais) has declined, both in prico and demand, and not over 4s 9d per bunlicl for beit samples is procurable. Malt has boon in consider- ably more inquiry ; tho shipments advised comprise a moderate Bupply, and the summer season advancing of aourso militates against local manufacture of th.i artiolo. Several bins of English, of lato importation, of prime quality and condition, havo beon placod at prioes reported to vary from 7s 9d to 8s Gd per buBhel, duty paid.-The mills s There ha« boen a steady, al- though not extensivo trade demand for flour, hut quite sufficient to sustain prices throughout the week. Millers' prioes are : Fine Bilk-dressed flour, £22 10s. to £23 per 2,000 lb, ; bran, Is Sri to Is Gd ; pollard, Is 9d to 2a per bushel ; oatmeal (colonial), £24 per ton.-Argus, Sept. 12. Melbourne Hat Market - Messrs. Butler and Moss furnished tim subloined market reporti-"The supp'y of primo hay ooming to hand boing very limited, sales woro readily eflealad at former quotations, whioh havo a tendenoy upwards. Secondary sorts wore quitted at improved figures, many buyer« boing unable to obtain a suffioionoy of tho best quality. Inforior also was in better request for the same reason, hut a few loads have bean occasionally left unsold. Current rates aro-Host hay,£7 to £7 15«; inferiorandseoond,£310s to£6 10s; straw, source, £3 to. £3 10s."-Mr. James Fenton'* re rort is as follows;-"The supply during tho week of good hay has boon light, and prioos have slightly ad vanned. Inferior bangs heavily, and is diffioult to soil. Quotations ¡-Best, £7 to £7 15s; inferior no fixed prioj. Straw, £3 Sa to £3 15s."-Argus, Sept. 12. Queensland Markets -Mr. Arthur Martin reports : -A visible improvement on last week, ohiefly owing to the arrival of immigrant ships, and the influx of people from the neighbouring oolonios; but a permanont im- provement osnnot be expected for another three or four weeks. The low froights from Sydney and Molbonrno havo alto tended to rush goods of all sorts on the market, the oonssqncnca of whioh i« considerable depression in trade, especially in colonial produce. In potatoes, the markot is rouoh overatooked with old, and prioes hare given way, £2 to £3 per ton. New potatoos are hold back on acoonnt of the low prioo of old. Oaton hay has also been largely shipped, and tho market is stocked for several months to como ; prices have also given way £2 por ton ; iuforior quality is unsaleable. Lucerne hay has enquiry at full prioes, with light stooks ; maize is stoady at 6s Gd for good samples, inforior and damaged are a drug, and not to bo moved except at a saorifioe . onions, sound, nono ; sprouting, large atooks, difficult to ,move¡ applei, if in good order, sell stoadily j Wollon- gong butter, markot ovorslooked; cheese (colonial), quite unsaleable ; oats, littlo inquiry, with limitod stooks oolonial hams, bacon, shoulders, oheeks, and lard mot with ready Bales at our quotations ¡ boor, aloa, and stout are extremely dull; sperms, ready salos at our quota- tion!. The following are our oash prioos by auotion : Potatoes, old, £7 to £8 10s per ton ; now, £8 10s . bay oaten, good, from £10 to £11 ; inferior, £8 to £lo ¡ lu oerne, good, £12 to £14 ; maize, good, 5s Gd to Gi per bushel; onions,sound, none; ditto, sprouting, 5i to 12a per owt., aooording to quality ; colonial baoon, ?ldto8d¡ ditto, hams, 8d ; shoulders, 7d ; ditto, heads and jowls, 4d to Gd; bladder lard, 6d to 7d t oolonial oheno, 8d.-Courier, Sept. 12._VY. II Kent, of Tattersalls Horse Bsassr, reports o dut ness in the horio trade during the week. Some of the best draught itook yot imported to the market was qulttod at tho bazaar during tho week, and in some oases first-olsis horsos bronght thoir value. He iub. mitted three vory oxoellent draught stallions to puhlio competition on Monday last, but wai not auooosiful in disposing of either, purchasers being scarce, and reluc- tant to give anything like tbeir value. They are about to bo re-shipped to New South Wales. Haokneys are plentiful, and no difficulty is experienced by purchasers in securing a good, sound, and useful borso. Prioes ob- tained at the bazsnr:-For draught horses, £22 to £44 ; hackneys. £12 to£23; light ditto, £8 to £10; drays, £11 to £13.- Courier, Stpt. 10. Uoeaet Town Markets-Business during .tho day has continued without change, and transactions have been solely limitad to local dealings. Quotations con- tinue as under:-Flour, £26 per ton; wheat. Ila Gd to 12s per bushol; bran, Is Gd per bushel ; sharps, £12 pa- ton ; Oats, 3s Gd to 4s per bushel ; barley, 5b 5d to 6s per bushel; hay, £5 to £G per ton, according to quality ; potatoes, £5 10b to £6 per ton ; onions, £9 10s to £11'por ton, oooording to quality; butter is in good demand at from lOd to 10¿d per pound.-II. T. Mercury, Sept. 7. Launceston Markets.-There is not the slightest alteration to report in tho produce market. The 'i'liomna Brown left for Melbourne to-day willi, amongst other cargo, some 8000 bushels of oats, and 1300 bags of bark. -L. Examiner, Sept. 8. 