SHIPPING. HOBSON'S BAY. ARRIVED. — May 7. ; Hadleys, barque, 318 tons, W. Pain, from Adelaide, 25th ult. No passengers. S. House, agent. ':.--, Melbourne, schooner, 52 tons, E. Grant, from Mac donnell ? Bay, 3rd inst. No passengers. Pigott Bro thers and Co.,: agent. -,.???' Sir Isaac -Newton, schooner, 121 tons, E.Hilton, from Willunga, 27th ult. No passengers. W. Owston and Co., agents. ? '. ' Callenderi brig, 138 tons, W. M'Gee, from Richmond River, 10th ult., via Sydney, ' 20th ult. No passengers. Thos. Wright, agent. , ' .' ? ' ? Flying Squirrel; schooner, 79 tons, H. A. Paisley, . Pigott Brothers and Co.,. agents. , ?:'?-? Alhambra, s., 1000 tons, John M'Lean, from Dunedin, 30th ult., via Bluff Harbor, 1st inst. ; Mr Spradder, mail agent. Passengers— cabin : Mr and Mrs Whitton, Mr and Mrs Walton, Mrs Cussons and child, Mr and Mrs Matthews, Mrs Hogue, child and servant ; Mrs Cameron, Mrs 'Williams, Miss Sutherland; Mrs Calland, Messrs Shadrach Jones, Matson, Coleman, ? Skinner, ,. Kesterson, Clarke, Bing, Woolnough, Connell, Barnes, Waugh, M'Phersori, Pitches, Dixon, Williams, Captain Pryde; and two hundred and seventy in the steerage. M'Meckan, Blackwood and Co., agents. ' ' The' Oak, schooner, 190 tons, J; Pallant, from New castle, N.S.W: Two passengers. John M'Doual Stuart, schooner, 35 tons, .J. Love, , from Port Fairy. No passengers. Pigott Brothers and Co., agents. . ; / Tasmania, s., 500 tons, John Clinch, from Hobart Town, 4th inst. Passengers— cabin : Miss Harcourt, Miss Ross Holden, Mrs Gill, Mrs Caffrae, Mrs Clark and family (4), Miss Hanes, Mrs Bryant, Miss Huston, ' Misses Lock (2), Miss Pryde, Mr and Mrs Robinson and servant, Messrs Lock, Seal, Botton, Taylor, Luck man, Stewart ; and seventeen in the steerage. B. B. ' Nicholson and Co.; agents. , Western, s;, 300 tons, W. Lucas, from Portland, Port ;Fairy, and Warrnambool. Passengers — cabin: Mr and Mrs Lesser, Miss Cameron, Miss Murphy, ' Rev. W. P. Brown, Messrs F.. Wilson, H. Flower, Master Flower, A. Davidson, A. M'Eachara, Kirby. Goodall, Knight ; and seven in the steerage. S. G. Henty, agent. v Lady Robilliard, sohooner, 52 tons, J. Brown, from Port Fairy, 5th insti No passengers. Pigott Brothers and Co., agents. '..'': ' Motaris, barque; 244 tons, ? T. Bicknell, from Mauri ' tius, 24th March. No passengers. Wm. Bayles and 1 Co., agents. May 8. Jessie, schooner, 82 tons, W. Steel, from Circular Head, 6th inst. No passengers. W. Steel, agent. Alexandra, schooner, 112 tons, S. Brown, from New castle, JN.S.VV., zowi mi. jl-cj jjasBBngera. v». jjuune, agent. ' ? ; Mayflower,- schooner, 120 tons, Wm. Spain, from Wyriyard, 6th May. No passengers. J. Quigan, agent. Choice, schooner, 177 ton's, A. R. Pleace, from New castle, N.S.W., . 29th ult. No passengers. Pigott Brothers and Co., agents. Tasmanian, schooner, 144 tons, Wm. Francis, from Newcastle, N.S.W., 30th ult. No passengers. Pigott Brothers and Co., agents. : Havilah, s., 166 tons, Wm. Thom, from Launceston. Passengers— saloon : Messrs L. Veroli, Miers, May, ,. Hindson, Wade, Walsh, Miss O'Farrell, Mrs Robin son, Mrs Waggoner ; and thirteen in the steerage. William Bayles and Co., agents. May 9. Success, barque, 289 'tons, P.. Murray, from New castle, N.S.W., 27th ult. No passengers^. J. L. and C. Burke, agents. Reserve, barque, 339 tons, Wm. Bain, from New castle, N.S.W., 25th April. Four passengers. Lorimer, i. Marwood and Rome, agents. Helen Ann, schooner, 31 tons, J. Ellis, from Emu Bay. No passengers. George Lewis and Co., agents. Victory, schooner, 47 tons, ? William Baker, from \--? Circular Head. No passengers. George Lewis and Co;, agents. '? ' May 10. Tudor, ship, Black Ball Line, 1786 tons, Lieutenant Frederick Wherland, R.N.R., commander, from Liver pool, 9th February. Passengers — cabin: Mrs Wher land and family, and Edward Kearney, Esq., M.D., surgeon superintendent ; and four hundred and seven ; . teen Government immigrants. Bright Brothers and Co., agents. ? ? City of Melbourne, A. S. N. Co.'s s., 1000 tons, D. * . ' Walker, from Sydney, 7th inst. Passengers — cabin : Mr and Mrs Bagott, Mr and Mrs Burne, Miss Scott, Mrs Johnson, Master G. Glenham, Mrs Hoby, Mrs v Gilchrist and servant, Mr and Mrs Turner, Miss Symonds, Messrs S. J. Buckland, C. A. Hinton, R. Goldsbrough, Wilson, Hindson, Thompson, Thorne, Watt, Douglas, Ella, Coker, Miller, Boole, Bevan ; and nineteen in the steerage.. W. P. White and Co., agents. Juliet, schooner, 49 tons, J. Wilkinson, from Port Frederick. No passengers. .'..??' V May 11. . ; Achilles, Dutch barque, 248 tons, H. G. Bulling, from Mauritius, 23rd March. No passengers. ,, Victoria Sugar ?' ' Company, agents. ? Barwon, s., 400 tons, W. Kennedy, from Sydney, 7th -. 1 inst. Passengers— cabin : Mr and Mrs Burne; Miss Martin, Messrs Pollard. Gray, Manton, Todd, James Poole,. Lord, Ryder, ; and eight in the steerage. D. Little, agent. Garrawalt, ship, Aberdeen Clipper Line, 627 tons, C. Shepherd, from London, 5th February. Dalgety and Co., agents. ? May 12. Northam, P. and O.' Company's R.M.S., 1400, ' l ' tons, N. J. Skottowe, from Point de Galle, 21st April via King George's Sound, 6th inst. Passengers— cabin : For Melbourne — Mr and Mrs Man and family (2), Cap tain, and Mrs Metcalf and family (2), Mrs and Miss Brakes, Mr and Mrs Fox and family (2), Mesars Hunter, Voltere, Fenwick, Young, Leake ; and two in ' tho steerage. For Sydney— Mrs Attril, Mr and Mrs Osborne, Mr and Mrs Jordan, family (2) and servant ; Captain Dickson, Dr. Sortain,' Messrs Crawford and serant, Groat, Anderson, Wyvell, J. Taylor, Reed, and Assistant-Surgeon Halpin, E.N. John Sparkes, agent. , Catherine, barque, 414 tons, W. J. Lowe, from Java, 2nd April. Passengers — cabin : Rev- E. Haslock and Mr. J. F. Lowe. Boyd and Currie agents. May 13. Formosa, barque, 380 tons, James Beaton,' from Mauritius, 8th ult. Passengers — cabin : Mrs Fryers and servant, Captain and Mrs Brownrigg, Mr Fryers ; and one in the steerage. Joshua Brothers, agents. ?*. Coorong, s., 304 tons, W. M'Lean, from Adelaide, 11th instant. Passengers— cabin : Mr and Mrs J. ' Harvey, Mrs Foster, Miss Isernhagen, Miss Stakeman, Messrs W. Young, W. Howe, Blyth, Vallentine, J. ' Robertson,- A. F; Christen, R. M'Alh'ster, Isernhagen ; and twenty-four in the steerage. M'Meckan, Black wood arid Co., agents. i , CLEARED OUT. — May 7. William Alters, barque, 299 tops, W. H. Gregory, for Newcastlo, in ballast. Sprigg, T wen tyman and Co., agents. True Briton, ship, 1046 ton3, G. H. Bawn, for Lon don. W. P. White and Co., agents. Edina, s., 239 tons, J. T. Rolls, for Adelaide, via Warrnambool, &e.; S. G. Henty and Co., agents. May' 9. . . . v '? - Daniel Watson, brig, J43 tons, J. & Grant, for Ho bart Town. J. Snowball, agent. ? : ' Wonga Wonga, s.s., 4M tons, ' F. Hi Trouton, for Sydney. .W. P.. White and Co., agents. . Tertre, barque, 372 tons, J. Tahit, for Pondicherry. Fanning, Nankivell and Co., agents. May 10. , , Aldinga, s., 291 tons, John Steuart, for Otago. M'Meckan, Blackwood and Co;, agents. ? '? ' .' ' May1 11. .'.' ?????'???:.? A3jona, schooner, .99 tons, M. Abson, for Sydney, via Belfast, in ballast. S. R. Groom, agent. Royal Family, ship, 1750 tons, W.Buchanan, for Callao,:with part of original cargo from Liverpool. Lorimer, Marwood and Rome, agents. ' : Centaur, brig, 188 tons, T. Lockyer, f or Yankalilla and Willunga. W. Owston and Co., agents. Mayflower, schooner, 70 tons, W. Spain, for Circular Head, in ballast. J. Quiggan, agent. Sir Isaac Newton, schooner, 121 tons, R. Hilton, for Willunga, in ballast. W. Owston and Co.\, agents. ? Jessie, schooner, 32 tons, W. Scott, for Circular Head, in ballast. Captain, agent. . Tasmania, s., 285 tons, J. Clinch, for Hobart Town. B. B. Nicholson and Co., agents. ; ? City of Launceston, s., 278 tons, A. T.Woods, for Launceston. W. Bayles and Co., agents. May 12. Helen Ann, schooner, 31 tons, J. Ellis, for Circular Head, in ballast. Geo. Lewis and Co., agents. Mariposa, brig, 164 tons, John Murray, for Port Fre derick, in ballast. L. Fairthorne, agent. ? Gulnare, schooner, 151 tons, H. Warrick, for Victor Harbor, in ballast. Captain, agent. . . . ;- Jorgen Bruhn, Danish barque, 763 tons, E. Krabb, for Hong Kong. Diokson, Williams and Co., agents. Flying Squirrel, schooner, H. A. Pasley, jfor ? Port Macdonnell. Pigott Brothers and Co., agents. : . .- Sunrise, barque, 257 tons, Findlay Duthie, for New castle, in ballast. W. Duthie, agent. Alhambra, s., 497 tons, John M'Lean, for, Otago and Canterbury. M'Meckan, Blackwood and Co., agents. Fair Tasmania, schooner, 144 tons, W. Francis, for Sydney, via Warrnambool, in ballast. Pigott Brothers and Co., agents. ' Isabella, brig, 256 tons, N. Heath, for Sydney. Cap tain, agent. , .????? May 13. A. H. Badger, barque, 407 tons, D. S.: Marshall, for Newcastle, in ballast. Anderson and Marshall, agents. Trader, brig,' 151 tons, W. Orchard, for, Port Fre derick, in ballast. Thomas Woodhouse, agent. Katheraw, schooner, 44 tons, J. Green, for Port Frederick; in ballast. Captain, agent. Victory, schooner, 47 tons, W. Baker, for Circular Head, in ballast. Geo. Lewis and Co.. agents. Juliet, schooner, 49 tons, A. Wilkinson, for Port Sorrel, in ballast. Thomas Woodhouse, agent. Sarah Ann, schooner, 135 tons, R. Edie, for Ade laide,' via Corner Inlet, in ballast. Anderson, Sharp and Wright, agents. - ' LOSS OF THE SCHOONER NIGHTINGALE, OF SYDNEY. :'.... [fhomc the post denison times, April 2.] The schooner Nightingale left Sydney on the 21st January, bound to Port Denison. Nothing worthy of notice occurred until rounding Breaksea Spit, off which she encountered a very heavy gale from north-east. On the weather moderating, passed under Lady Elliott's Island and the Bunker Group, with light winds from the eastward to the Percy Islands, when we shaped a course for the inner passage, with the wind south-east, fresh and hazy. ' Stood off and on under Double Island the same night and the next day (7th February). At four p.m. came to anchor under the northwest island of Sir James Smith's Group. The wind this day had' been steady from the south-east. During the night the wind freshened, with frequent squalls and heavy rain. On the morning of the 8th the sky had assumed a very threatening aspect, with violent squalls and rain; barometer also falling. Towards evening it blew a hard gale, and tf earing she might drive, let go the second anchor, and gave her thirty fathoms on the port and eighty on the starboard chains. At midnight, the gale increasing and glass falling rapidly, sent down the yards and main topmast, and payed out the cabla to the bare ends. At day light on the 9th, the gale blowing with greater fury, and raising a dangerous sea, and fearing the ship would go down at her anchors, cut away the masts, which eased her considerably ; but at half-past nine a.m. the barometer suddenly fell three tenths, and the wind increased to a perfect hurricane, but as the anchors were still holding we hoped she would ride it out. About eleven a.m., to our unspeak able horror, thd wind flew into the north-west, blowing if possible with still greater fury, placing us en a per pendicular shore, with a three or four knot tide setting on to'it. The cables immediately parted, and in a few minutes we were within twenty yards of the rocks. The terrific scene which ensued baffles all description. Our poor little craft at one moment swept onward' and aloft on the top of a sea with tremendous impetus, and at the next back and down with the rebound of the same, which revealed a frightful chaos of black rocks; .the, howling of the tempest and the blinding spray to gether rendering it truly appalling. As a forlorn hopo the boat was launched, but immediately swamped. After a short time of anxious suspense it was found that the rebound of the sea and tide was keeping the vessel oft and on, and. was setting her into the strait formed by another small island to tho west. After getting well into the strait, and under the lee of the larger island, we had comparatively smooth water. Shortly after noon, when nearly through the strait, the vessel struck on the smaller island. The wind began to abate about this time, but the vessel continued striking very heavily ; the cabin and forecastle .were half full of water. Ex pecting she would' immediately break up, we suc ceeded in getting safely on shore by launching' the main boom over the stern, taking only a change of clothes and a bag of bread. Towards night the gale moderated, and we found the vessel high and diy at low water. We now returned on board and. got some provisions ashore, fearing that at each succeeding high water she would be less likely to hold together, as her bottom was completely knocked in. We now set one hand on the look out for vessels, and the rest of us set about building a boat of the planks forming part of the cargo. On looking ,over the island oh the third day found the remains of several native fires, some of them of very recent date, and saw large fires on most of tho neighboring islands. Our boat progressed but slowly for want of tools, but on Saturday, the 20th, the boat was finished, and the next morning launched. At 10.30 a.m. we took our departure from the wreck, with a moderate breeze from the south-east and fine weather. Passing through Whitsunday Passage, steered west north-west, and came to anchor under a prominent headland at eight p.m. for tho night. At daylight next morning (the 22nd) got under way and steered for the north headland, which we passed at noon. We saw what we.took- to be Gloucester Island, arid steered for it, rounding it and bringing up at nine p.m., but found in the morning to our disappointment that we were wrong, and that it must be farther to the westward, and so ran for a highland in the distance; brought up again that night under another headland, and at daylight found, beyond all doubt, wo had run past the port. We now found that although our boat would run very well, she would do nothing by tho wind, and we could not pull her except in a calm ; and if we ever got back we must wait for a fair wind. Our water being noarly expended, filled up here (since found to be Mngnectic Island). We saw a tribe of natives, who, by their vehement gesticu lations, were very anxious for us to laridj but being without arms, and doubting the honesty of their inten tions, declined the invitation. By dint of the most severe toil we succeeded in getting, on the 4th March, to Cape Bowling Green. Being now thoroughly exhausted, and on a very small iillowance of bread, determined to leave the boat and travel along the coast, hoping to reach Port Denison before the last morsel was expended.: There were a great many pelicans here breeding, whose eggs provided us with the best nieal wo were destined to have for some time.. Hauling the boat up high and dry, wo took our departure, and for two days travelled along the sandy beach without interruption, occasion ally seeing small parties .of natives, who fled at our approach. On the third day we came across a creek, and had to wait till low water to pass it.' From this time it was one continuation of creeks arid rivers ; some we waded across, others we crossed by construct ing rafts. We now put ourselves on a quarter biscuit per diem. At one large creek a patty of natives with apears threatened to oppose our crossing, but accom plishing it the next day they were not to be seen. In this manner we proceeded very slowly along the coast till the 11th, when we were stopped by a wide and rapid river. The next morning we went along the north bank inland, hoping to find tho river fordable further up. After travelling all day, and raft ing over some of its branches, we came hi the evening to the main river again, and there on the' opposite bank, to our astonishment and' joy, was lying a clinker built boat, which we determined to get possession of in the morning, being ±00 exhausted'to attempt it that night, for by this time we were very weak for want of food. 'At daylight the only swimmer! of our party got across the river, ; but no sooner had he shown himself on the bank than up rose a whole tribe of natives. Our man took to the water again, the natives pelting him with stones and lumps of wood; one swam a little dis tance after him. The natives remained on the bank, and mocked us with defiant yells and gestures. Quinn, the master, now took some clothes and held .towards them, to conciliate them ; upon which a number of gins swan across, to each of whom we gave a shirt. ' See ing this, some of the men came across, and Quinn, with the same pacific intentions, approached them with an offering of clothes, when his hands were seized by one of them, and another knocked him down with a large piece of wood^ and beat him about the head with all his force. We had no alternative but to run, as without arms we were too weak to make any resistance. We thought Quinn must have been in stantly killed. Retracing our steps, we arrived on the coast again the same night. Our last bit of bread having been left with the natives, the pangs of hunger now began to be severe. The next morning we found a few periwinkles sticking to the mangrove bushes, for which we were very thankful. We had no expectation now but to be left to die quietly on the beach, for nothing had we seen anywhere on the whole : coast fit for food. A wild bean grows plentifully here, but on eating some we were all seized with vomiting. We remained here all this day and night, and were looking for shellfish the next morning, when we heard natives near us. In a few minutes we were surrounded by our old enemies; they encircled and then closed upon us. Resistance was useless, We threw them our swags, which they passed to the gins, and we were each seized by two powerful men, and instantly stripped entirely naked. We expected nothing but instant death, and as they led us toward our own fire and commenced to replenish it, the most hor rible thoughts suggested themselves. However to our relief they did not seem to be inclined to do us any bodily harm, and seeing how the sun was raising blisters ' all over our bodies, they returned us a shirt and a pair of trousers each ; after which they cooked some fish which they had recently caught and gave us a small share, when they started on their homeward journey, making us carry our own swags and their fishing nets. We arrived at their camp at dusk, and 1 were taken in in great state, and exhibited to the rest of the tribe as trophies of their valor. We were much surprised to see Quinn alive, but so disfigured as to be scarcely recognisable, his jaw being fractured and his head and body much cut and bruised. We now found that we had each a master, and that we were really slaves, and slaves to savages ! But our masters were not very severe with us ; we did nothing all day but occasionally bring theiri firewood ; but we were strictly watched, and when they went out to fish always left a guard over us. They were constantly shifting their camp, and took good care to take us with them ; but, although they did us no harm, they gave us nothing to eat, and it was only by begging from the gins that we managed to live at all. They made a sort of pulp from the fruit of the man grove bush — a green berry, not very palatable, and it was with difficulty we got even that. Quinn was really starving, he could have eaten nothing if he had it. Some strange natives frequently came to our camp, when we were exhibited, our tribe holding a sort of corroboree over us, dressing themselves in our clothes, dancing around us, blacking our faces, &c.; On Satur day evening they started for the sea beach again, a distance of about six miles; and finding the man Quinn too weak to walk they stripped him naked and left him to die. We camped on the beach that night. In tlie morning we saw a vessel in the offing— some of the natives pointed to it and laughed, but presently tho whole tribe rose, and taking us with them travelled along the beach in the direction of the vessel, which we.neared so a3 on rounding a point to be within hail. We ran out of the scrub we were in, and to our surprise were not followed by the natives. The vessel on seeing us immediately rounded to and sent her boat for us, and in a few minutes we were on the deck of the Three Friends, of- Bowe;:. What we felt can be more easily imagined than described. Captain M'Ewan treated us with the greatest kind ness, and on hearing how we had left Quinn oii'ered to wait while Mr T. W. Scott, a passenger, gallantly volunteered to go in the boat in search ot him. After a pull of twenty miles Quinn was brought alongside. in a most deplorable state ; he was found on the bunk of a river naked, as he was left. For the kindness and humanity of Captain M'Ewan we can only express our heartfelt thanks, hoping that if (whioh heaven forbid ! ) he should over be placed in a similar situation, hs may meet with all the sympathy he has shown to others. — (Signed)- James Thompson, Mate. Charles Hudson, James Aitken, Seamen. [The captain (Quinn) has since died from exhaustion.] Total Wreck of the Grecian, and Loss of one Life. — On Friday afternoon intelligence was received that the brig Grecian, of Hobart Town, and last from Sydnej', was a total wreck on the Nine Mile Beach, which lies between Red Head and Lake Macquarie. The first mate and part of the crew walked into town, a distance of between six and seven miles. It appears the Greoian, brig, left Sydney, on Friday, about one o'clock, bound for this port, in ballast. Captain Grant stood well out to sea, and afterwards tacked and ran in towards the land, the weather being very thick, and blowing a terrific gale, with heavy sea. About three o'clock on Saturday morning, the mate fancied ho heard an unusual sound, and gave orders to wear the vessel ; but before the order could be executed she struck, ^and the next sea drove her well on the sandy beach. lyThe crew and two female passengers — one tho captain's niece and the other the wife of one of the seaman — managed to get safely on shore. Captain Grant greatly exerted himself in saving tho lives of tho females, and had himself got on shore all right, al though much fatigued. Ho spoke to his son, observing to him that tho females were all safo ; at this moment the boom of the vessol struck Captain Grant, throwing him into the surf. Ho was neref seen again. The females had on merely their night dresses. The niece was with difficulty restrained from going into the sea after her uncle. It was a fearful morning. When daylight came they proceeded, bare footed, through the bush some little distance until they came to Harpur's, where, it is needless to say, every attention was paid to their wants) as far as lay in the power of the inmates. Tile niece of Captain Grant, I. regret to say, has suffered severely from the shock. She had several fits while staying at Harpur's. They were brought into town yesterday (Sunday), under the charge of Mr Boyce, who had procured clothing for them and the crew, and had sent out a conveyance to bring them into town. The wants of the crew were attended to by Captain Allen, harbor-master, and Mr Scott, P.M. The shipwrecked mariners' fund is kept in a box in the harbor-master's office, but one day last week some villainous thief broke open the box, extracted the contents, and threw the box under some trees near the station mastei's house. Although the crew and females got on shore safely, it was not without getting considerably knocked about and bruised ; the mate and one of the females received some hurts. They all had a most providential escape from a watery grave.1 Yesterday morning, the mounted troopers went to the scene of the wreck of the Grecian; The vessel had entirely broken up, the debris being strewed along the beach for some con siderable distance. No trace of the body of Captain Grant could be seen. — Newcastle Correspondent of the «$* M. Herald, May 3. Foundering of the barque Prince Arthur, one hundred miles from land. — It is somewhat remarka ble that while one shipwrecked crew was receiving the hospitality of Mr Harpur, another so soon should seek shelter under the same roof — all within a few hours. Yes ; this somewhat romantic and isolated dwelling, standing on a ridge overlooking the vast Pacific Ocean, became the temporary abode of two shipwrecked crews; for, scarcely had a portion of the crew of the ill-fated Grecian made themselves comfortable for tha night, when the captain and chief officer of the equally ill-fated barque Prince Arthur also demanded shelter from the pitiless storm which was still raging with unabated fury. With regard to the loss cf this vessel, it appears she left this port on last Thursday week, with a cargo of 700 tons coal, bound for Dunedin, N.Z. Shortly after leaving the vessel began to leak in the after part of the ship, which gra dually increased, and Captain Welch, finding the water continued to gain rapidly, and being some 300 miles off the land, deemed it prudent to endeavor to return to port. The vessel was put about ; the crew manfully working at the pumps for 102 hours, without inter mission, until they became exhausted ; the water gained so rapidly that it was . found expedient to get ? the longboat ready to leave the ship. With a bag of bread and seven small casks of water, the captain (who - was the last to leave the vessel) and crew left the vessel on Friday afternoon last, at which time upwards of five feet of water were in her ? hold. Within twenty minutes after, when the boat was about a hundred yards off, the unfortunate Prince Arthur, barque, went down stern first, some 108 miles from land. A S.E. gale was blowing, ac companied by heavy rain and a terrible sea. It was only by the greatest care the boat could manage to live in such a sea. Early on Saturday morning they came up with a schooner, in ballast, bound for this, port. They signalled with a light, which was an swered ; the schooner, however, wore round, and they saw no more of her. They afterwards spoke the schooner Star of Peace, which was lying-to, the master being under the impression he was off Nobbys. Capt. Welch, se'eing it would be dangerous to attempt to board the schooner, in consequence of the high sea running, . and believing they were near this port, determined to wait for daylight and run in ; when daylight came they found themselves off Bird Island ; they then made for Lake Macquarie, following the track of a ketch which had previously entered, but in crossing the bar the boat went too - much to leeward, a heavy sea struck her throwing out the whole of the crew ; fortunately the boat belonging to the ketch immediately put off and rendered as sistance in getting the poor fellows into their own boat again ; the master of the ketch had previously warned them to make fast everything in the boat which they fortunately did, or they would have lost their all. The captain saved his chronometer, watch, and a few charts, and the crew their clothes. Both the captain and crew speak in the highest terms of the kindness and hospitality they received from the inhabitants of the Lake, and also at Harpur's. — Newcastle corros pondont S. M. Herald, May 3. ENGLISH SHIPPING. Arhivals. — February 23 : Result, from Melbourne. March 1 : Maid of Judah, Scott, from Port Phillip. March 2: Omar Pasha, Henry, from Melbourne. March 4 : Lightning, from Geelong. March 7 : Martha Birnie, M'Queen, from Port Phillip. March. 13 : Donald M'Kay, Richards, from Melbourne ; Giant's Causeway, Robertson, from Geelong ; Sussex, Rodgers, from Melbourne. March 14 : Star of Peace, Mitchell, from Melbourne; Water Nymph, Mann, from Mel bourne. Departures. — February 26: Afr'cana, Hatfield,for Melbourne. February 29: Suffolk, Merriman, for Melbourne. March 3 : Alicia iJland, Brown, for Mel bBurne. March 8 : Cape Horn, Bell, for Melbourne. March 9: Red Rose, Spratley, for Melbourne; Em press of the Seas, Davies, for Melbourne. March 10 : Black Prince, Crowe, for Port Phillip. March 14: Moira, Sniitli, for Melbourne. March 16: Leaping Water, Luckie, for Port Phillip ; John Lidgitt, Gamble, for Port Phillip. March 19 : Astoria, for Melbourne. Ship Launches. — On the 2-lth February, tbere was launched from the yard of the Arbroath Shipbuilding Company, at Arbroath, a handsome medium clipper barque, named the Randolph, measuring 313 tons N.N.M. and 388 O.M., and classed Al at Lloyd's for 10 years. She is the property of Captain James Whannel, and is to bo employed in the Australian trade. On the 9th March there was launched from tha building yard of Messrs Walter Hood and Co., at Aber deen, a very fine ship of 1200 tons N.N.M., named Nineveh. The vessel is one of Messrs G. Thompson, jun., avid Co.'s Australian line of packets, and is com manded by Captain Donald, formerly of the Walter Hood. On 10th March, was launched from the ivon shipbuilding j'ard 'f Messrs I'carse and Lockwood, Stock1;on-on-Tees, the iron bark Hartfield. Her di mensions are : — Length between perpendiculars, 168 feet; tixtrenie breadth, 28 feet 4 inches ; depth of hold, 18 feet 6 inches. She is built for Messrs W. T. Wilson and Chambers, cf Liverpool, and is intended for the White Star Line. Her first voyage will be to New Zea land. Her register is 623 tons O.M., and is classed 20 years with the Liverpool underwriters. On l'2th March, at three p.m., there was launched from the building-yard of Messrs A. and J. Inglis, ou the Mersey, a first-class paddle steamer for the Queens land Steam Navigation Company. Her dimensions aro as follows : — Length/of keel and forake, 215 feet ; beam (moulded), 25 feet'6 inches ; depth, 12 feet. As she left the ways she was named the Lady Young by Miss Liglis. The HisiAtAYA, steam troop ship, Captain E. Lacy, arrived lit Spithead on the 10th March, with naval and military invalids, time-expired men. and a few pas sengers from Auckland. It is reported that M. Lamartiue is about to many a Russian Princess of large fortune.. 