LATEST EUROPEAN TELEGRAM S [Fjsh Gbeville and Bird, Reutkr's Agents ] (Via Marseilles.) Paris, Tuesday JUorninir. 28th .Tunp. The Momteur of this morning publishes the nominations of the Diplomatic eorpsi The following have teen nppointcd Ministers tlenipofen.iary :-Mon. de Commignes Guitant, at the Belgian Court; Count de Reeulot, at the Portuguese Court; Viscount de Meloizes IVesnay, at the Bavarian Court; the Marquis de Gadorc at the Court of the Grand Duchy of Baden. t .. TT London, Tuesday, 28 th June. In the House of Commons, Lord Palmerston explained fully the acts of the Conference. After the non-success ijf the proposals for arbitration, he said the French Plenipotentiary proposed to take the vote of the people between Apenrade and the Schlei, but Denmark refused. It became then a duty for the English Government to reflect seriously upon what was to be done. Denmark though wrong at the commencement, had shown every desire to repair her error. Denmark, added Lord Palmerston, has been mol-treated and the sympathies of all the English nation are with her. under the circumstances, the Go vernment would have been happy to recommend the Queen to participate in tho struggle with Denmark, but it must be remembered that Den mark was wrong in the origin, and that in the last Conference she rejected a reasonable propo sition, which would have brought about a pacific solution of the difficult France and Russia have refused t6 take any active part; England alone would, therefore have to sup port the undertaking of driving away the German troops. The Government did not deem it a dutv to advise the Queen to undertake this. It does not imply by saying so, that.if the war is transferred to the Danish islands, or Copenhagen attacked, or the King of Denmark made a pji soner of war, its decision would not be modified; but if it deemed a political change desirable, this change would be immediately communicated to Parliament, if it should be still sitting: or, if it was not sitting, the Government would take advantage of the first occasion to ascertain its opinion. Mr Disraeli attacked the cpinion that the Danish isles would have to be defended by Eng land. lie said that the politics of Cobden and ffi'g t were better and more intelligent than those of Palmerston. 1 • ^ °.us? Lords Lord Russell expressed himself in similar language to that of Lord Pal merston. . , . „ Hamburgh, 26th June. Advices from Stockholm up to the 24th an nounce that the news given out by a journal, of a letter from the King of Sweden to the King of Denmark, proposing the constitution of a Parlia ment of the Scandinavian Union, and an eventual ion. °f the dynasties (dynastic fusion), has provoked a Ministerial crisiB. The ICin" has pcimitted, at last, that this news should, in a cer tain measure, be disavowed by a Ministerial note m winch it is said that the Swedish Government continues to act from disinterested motives in the Danish conflict. Copenhagen, 25th June. In to-day's Bitting of the Rigcraad, a member asked the question whether the Danish plenipo tentiaries ba<I received instructions to adhere to a prorogation of the armistice for fifteen days, and to accept the lino of the Schlei; and whether England was firmly maintaining these limits. His Grace of Monrad replied that Earl Russell had promised not to put forward or support any proposition lesB favorable to Denmark. Earl llussell did not on that account undertake to for • bear from proposing, in the sitting of the 18th, the system of arbitration to.which Denmark had' not consented, Mr. Monrad declared that he was not in a position to explain how Earl Russell had been able to reconcile this way of acting with the promise he had made. * v ICcenigsberg, 26th June. The Courier de Vilna.announces in its special i columns that three noblemen, members of the Government of Kowno, M. M. Marcel Wilkie, wica, Daoiaze Szablewicz, and Sigismond Prenie wicz have been condemned to death for partici pating in the insurrection, and were hanced on the 17th of June last. Bucharest, 26th June. , The Prince of Couza, on his arrival on Wed nesday at Griergero'o, was received with the utmost enthusiasm. A Turkish man-of-war, which was stationed there, saluted the Prince. At Bucharest, the same enthusiastic receptiou was granted to His Highness. The political re sults of the journey of the Prince to Constan tinople have caused general rejoicing. London, 28th June. The Times admires the expose of Lord i Palmerston, and approves of a pacific policy. It blames the obstinacy of Denmark, which, it says, ought to yield. The Daily News asserts that the majority in Parliament heard the assurances of peace with satisfaction. The Morning Star says the policy of England does not depend on France, but it would be a folly I to adopt any policy without taking into account j the measures which that powfer would pursue. Parliament and the country will approve 'Lord i almertton's policy. The Morning Herald says that the expose of Lord Palmerston is only a justification for cowardice and egotism. Air'16 News considers that the-Holy Alliance being re-established, England cannot expend for Denmark the forces which she will need against the coalition. Lord Palmerston is i right not to become the Don Quixote of the moment. _ Paris, 28th June. . artillery which opened fire against Alsen comprised four batteries. The Prussians are con- i centrating all their forces in the neighborhood of °lding, in Jutland.—Moniteur. | . ^ . Heligoland, 27th June. An English frigate and her tender are here, advices show great probability of a coming engagement between the Danish and German leets in the neighborhood of our island. Election Mems.—The Age says " The last ay or two there has been rather more stir with relerence to the approaching elections. Mr. nines has again offered his services to his old constituents at Portland, and is to address them is evening. The Geelomr Advertiser gives cur rency to the rumor that Mr. Langtoti will stasd or Last Melbourne, Mr. Edward Wilson paying ijs protege's expenses. A requisition to Mr. umtlray, inviting him again to stand for Balla Hi t I8 a"H'n Kot "P, and will lie presented to at gentleman to-morrow evening. Mr. Jaines ov o'-'"'1'. 'u rcP'y to a requisition signed by er 2o0 ol the electors of (Jreswick, has con sented to stand for that district. That there will 6 a sharp contest for the two seats lor this place una certain, as the following candidates have aireudy announced themselves Mr. Frazer, Mr. ^omhe, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Mackintosh, and Mr. *®8rcgor. In addition to the present members "-Ueasrs. Woods and Houston—a third candi a \t" rf nPPc;im' f°r Crowlands in the person of l ' r-Donald, whose political opinions appear to ho . a'conservative, as he announces himself to ten,!"] • V°r- °' th'; lam's by auction, ex idea immigration and State aid to religion. r..- J "e.Qukkn's English."—The following is a .... flPccl")en of ttie ivay in which the abuse of worlc illustrated in Dean Alford's ami t w'lu was ,)ot perfect in her ^ I ra.es.arriving rather late at a dinner-party, «roi-,a^i0 "''"'."iiy SiUl' ' she was very sorry they thy0 •! time, but they had some ale by tli., • llur weli-known infirmity suggested ,.. i ** 'writable explanation that it was a storm, i'. twple, which had detained them." 