SUMMARY POR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION". His Excellency the Governor has re- ceived a despatch from the Duke of Newcastle"}-copies of which appear to have been addressed to the Governors of tho various Australian, colonies-inti- mating that the recommendations of Lord Grey's Transportation Committee .would not bo carried out as regards transportation to these colonies. The polluted stream is to be permitted to flow into Western Australia, but only on a small scale, and until the inhabitants of that colony shall cry "enough." This assurance carries us back precisely to tho point attained ten years ago on tbis subject. Thus far, the intimation just received is satisfactory ¿ it proves that the remonstrances of tho southern and eastern colonies have not been without effect. The mother country admits, once more, that there is an Australian as well as an English point of view, from which the subject of transportation must be looked at. "Wo cannot rest satisfied, however, with a statement from tho Secretary for the Colonies on this subject. Tho welfare of the colonies demands that a final de- cision should bo arrived at on this vital question. The colonies must and will continue their remonstrances until it shall bo finally determined that it is no more possible for the mother country to resumo the transportation of her cri- minals to Australia than to " the planta tions " of Virginia. Parliament meets to-morrow, the 26th inst. The recess has been un- usually long. It has been occupied, however, in the preparation of measures of somo importance. The intermeddling of the Legislature with the land question has left the revenue from that source, especially from leased lands, in a somewhat unsatisfactory posi- tion. The railway returns, too, have fallen considerably short of the calcula- tions. All the sources of income, which are usually taken to denote a satisfactory state of trade, and the enjoyment of a high degree of comfort by a people, have been more productive than tho Trea- surer calculated upon. No proposition affecting the tariff, therofore, has been hinted at. The example of Sydney where at this moment a new Ministry are forcing a protectionist tariff on New South "Wales-will not be followed. Wo havo gained too much by the freedom of our tariff to change our course of policy. It is expected, however, that the Treasurer will propose to remove some of the recently imposed package charges, or, at least, to lessen the inequality of their operation. Tho principal measures of tho session are expected to he a land bill to amend the act of 1862, a bill for the better regulation of the affairs of the gold-fields, and a bill to regulate mining on private property. Several bills for the improvement of the law in various directions aro understood to be ready for submission to Parliament j and the Minister of Mines is likely to ask leave to bring in a somewhat largo pro- posal on the subject of water supply for the gold fields and irrigation generally. The business of legislation will be com- menced in earnest immediately on the meeting of the Chambers. The Lower House will be dissolved by effluxion of time in July next. No military event of importanco has occurred in Now Zoaland during the month. A tribe of some importance tho Ngatiamaniopotos-still hold out. Troops have been landed at Eaglan, and as their communications with General Cameron at Ngaruawahia (the head- quarters of the conquered Maori Kins*) are complete, the submission of the Ngatiamaniopotos, or their reduction by forco of arms, is only a matter of days. General Cameron is now engaged in the construction of lines of redoubts across the country, the con- struction of roads, and the formation of military settlements, which will effectu- I ally prevent the outburst of Maori I aspirations after power for the futuro. The rains havo seriously affected the harvest, rust in the wheat crop having occasioned great loss. The gold-fields turned out in 1863 within 20,000 or 30,000 ounces of the total yield of gold in 1862. The introduc- tion of machinery, and improved pro- cesses for the recovery of the gold from the quartz, added to systematic working of the deep leads, assure us that the pro- duction of gold in Victoria has ap proached its minimum. New discoveries of importance are expected to bo made in tho course of tho year, along the Dividing Bange which separates Gipps Land from Beechworth. So far as dis- covery has yet progressed on this field, the quartz reefs-here horizontal-have been found extraordinarily rich. This district, now as a mining region, is vory mountainous, and covered with timber and scrub, anditis as large in extent as all the other known gold-fields of tho colony put together. The statement that Mr. Crosbie "Ward has arranged in London for a monthly mail service to Sydney, via Panama and New Zealand, on tho guarantee of New Zealand alone, has been received here with surprise. The arrangement is by no means satisfactory to tho constituents of the honourable gentleman. His pro- ceedings, however, will render the early adoption of a fortnightly service between Melbourno and Galle a necessity. Both Houses of Parliament reassemble to- morrow, and a busy session is looked forward to. The transportation question continues to occupy tho public mind, tnd steps are still being taken to press upon the authorities at home tbo undesirabllity of sending convicta to Western Australia. In last month's num- mary wo had occasion to say that the ino tu- bers of tho Anti-transportation League, and others Interested in the subject, bad deter- mined to present an address to Sir. Edward Wilson, for his labours in the cause in England. That address was presented at a public meeting held, In the Mechanics' Insti- tute, on Thursday, the 14th ; and Mr. Wilson availed himself of the opportunity of deliver- ing a lengtby and interesting address, in the course of which ho oxplained the real position of the question in England. Now that the floods have passed away, and the rivers and creeks have returned to their ordinary levels, something like a reasonable * estimato of the damage done, as regards pro- perty of all kinds, can be arrived at. It was anticipated from tho beginning that the loss 'wouldbe heavy, and the result shows that tho fear waB well grounded. As regards Melbourne and several of its suburbs, the cffectB of the floods aro severely felt, and there have been already claims for relief forwarded to tho Central Belief Committee to the amount of upwards of £30,000; and that sum, large as it is, will not at all cover the full extent of the destruction. The Relief Committee are taking energetic steps to raise tho sum required to relievo the cases of dis- tress which have come under their notice. Tho city will be canvassed almost from door to door for subscriptions. Tho Riverine question continues to occupy a good deal of attention ; and a pretty keen controversy is being waged on tho subject. A change, however, appears to have como over tho dream of one or more of the dele- gates of Riverina, and the cry is not now so strongly in favour of absoluto separation from New South Wales as it was. A short time ago It WIIB stated, in unmistakable toiniB, that nothing short of complete inde- pendence would satisfy tbe settlers of the district, and memorials embodying that view were adopted for pretentation to the Queen ; but it would now appi-ar that a separate existence is not quite so necessary to the wel- fare of the Riverine district. What is chiefly required aro greater facilities of communica- tion ; and il a railway were constructed con- necting Sydney with the Darling, its require- ments would bo to a great extent satisfied. This much at least is to bo gathered from the action recently adopted by the president of the Riverine Association, Mr. Gideon S.Lang, who endeavours, not quite successfully, to re- concile his former with his present position. How far the settlers Bhare in the views of their delegates has not yet appeared. The first general roview of the volunteers under the new constitution of the force took place, at Emerald-hill, on New Year's Day. and was a great BUCCCSS. There was a full muBter of the various corps ; and tho display, whethor as regards movements or otherwise, was a most creditable one. His Excellency Sir Charles Darling was expected to be present, but was prevented by illness ; the same cause interfering with hiB attendance on any of the days of the International Cricket Match. We may add, that the new regulations are working most satisfactorily, and that the volunteer force is now larger and more efficient than it was at any time under the foi mer ByBtom. A vacancy in the Legislative Assembly has been occasioned by the resignation of Mr. W. 0. Smith, Vho states that he finds it impos- sible to devote the time necessary to the proper discharge of his functions os a repre- sentative. A writ has been issued by the Speaker for a new election. The Great Britain, which was to have sailed on the 15th of the mouth, will leave on the 27th, her departure having been post- poned in consequence of the non-arrival of the ship having her supply of coals on board. That vessel baa at length reached the bay, however, and no time was lost in tranship- ping her cargo. The Great Britain takes horne, as Ubual, a large number of passengers and a valuable cargo. We had recently a visit from a French man-of-war, the Ibis, having on board a num- ber of settlers for New Caledonia. After a few days' stay, the Isis sailed for hor destina- tion on the 21st inst. Our home readers will regret to learn that Mr. Charles Kean bocame dangerously ill during his stay in Sydney. From a telegram received by Mr. Coppin, who is at present in Melbourne, from Mrs. Kean, on Saturday night, it appears that Mr. Kean is progressing favourably. Ho will not be able, however, to bear removal from Sydney |for eight days or so, and will bo quite unfit to play for threo weeks afterwards. Mr. Sullivan has also been dangerously ill, having been suddenly seized with spasms of the heart. He is now out of danger, but still very weak. The mail was this month greatly behind timo, tho delay having been caused by the breakage of an important part of the machinery of the Benares, in the Red Sea. The Madras, with the moils, left Galle on the 2nd, and arrived at King Georgo's Sound on the 17tb, the passage being a rapid ono. The Bombay, with the outgoing mails for England and tho East, sails to-morrow, punc- tually at two o'clock. ANTI-TRANSPORTATION. The anti-transportation agitation has con- tinued to excito a large share of public atten- tion during the past month, and the determi- nation of the colonists to resist tho adoption of tho recommendation of the Penal Servi- tude Commissioners, hy every legitimate means at their command, is as firm and reso- luto as ever. Steps have been taken for pro- curing the joint action of the neighbouring colonies, and a draft circular has been pre- pared for transmission to them. Within tho last few days, however, intelligence has been received which may in some measure modify the plans contemplated. By the 'Novem- ber mall from England, which only arrived hero on tho 22nd inBt., the Governor re- ceived a communication from tho Dalco of Newcastle, intimafing that the Imperial Go- vernment would so far respect the wishes of tho colonists as not to give effect to the pro- posals of tho commissioners, so far as they relate to transportation, hut that the pre- sent limited transportation to Western Australia would not be abandoned. The reuEon alleged for its continuance is, that it Tiould bo a breach of faith with the inhabit- ants of that colony to givo it up. Tho despatch will, no doubt, bo laid before Parlia- ment at the opening of the ensuing session, which takes placo to-morrow, and tho Vic- torian Anti-transportation League will hold a meeting on nn early day to de- cide what further steps it is desirable to take. The chief question, we presumo, will be whether the colonies should be content with tho promise which they have received, or iuBist upon tho total ceesation of trans- portation to any portion of Australia, on the ground that such transportation, on however small a scale, is contrary to the pledge made hy Her Majesty in 1863. Ontholát-inst.,n_umerou8Bndi_fl_entinl public meeting was held at the Mechanics' In- stitute, Melbourne, for tho purpose of present- ing an address from the Anti-transportation League to Mr. Edward Wilson, thanking him for his exertions in England in promoting the cause of the colonies. The address bore testimony to the earnest and able manner in whicb, during his recont residence in Eng- land, Mr. Wilson had protested against the resumption of the transportation of British felons to Australia. " We consider," said the leuguo, " that to your having placed the ques- tion before the British public in its true as- pect, and drawn attention to the very sorlous evils Victoria has sufiorcd from her proximity to colonies originally penal, wo are indebted for a widely-spread feeling among our country- men in Great Britain, that the adoption of the course recommended by the commi-loners would bo an act of serious injustlco and grievous oppression." Mr. H. S. Chapman was tho chairman of the meeting, and presented the address. At the same time, ho took the opportunity of remarking that the league did not undervalue the 'Services of tho other Australian colonists at present resident in England, who had joined with Mr. Wilson in his protests against . the proposed resumption of transportation. Mr. W11-m, in replying to the address, made an interesting and lengthy speech on the position which the transportation question occupied when ho left England, and the efiorts which had been mndo by himself and other Australian colonists to prevent the Im- perial Government carrying out the proposi- tion of the Boyal Commission. Ho urged the in- habitants of Australia not to expect that they would gain their point without a very severe and perhaps protracted struggle, and to insist upon having a definite answer from England as to whether the convicts were to ba sent out hero or not. Pending that reply, he ad- vised the colonies to follow up the protests which they had already made ; and if the roply waa unsatisfactory, to aiopt moro decisive measures. One of the best things which could be done if the English Government determined to act upon the rccoi_m"iidation of tho commissioners would ba (slid Mr, Wilson) to return the compliment hy Bonding a thipload of felons from Australia to Eng land. Mr. Wilson's sentiments wero received with hearty and unanimous expressions of appiobation. THE NEW ZEALAND WAR. The last mail convoyed to England tho nowa of the capture of the Maori stronghold of Rangarlri. Colonel Auston, of the 14th, and Ensign Ducrow, of the 40th Regiment, have since dlod from wounds received in that engagement ; and the enemy havo to mourn the loss, from the Bame cause, of To Wharepu, the Waikato chieftain who oommanded the Maori forces during tho campaign. After the capture of Rangarlri General Cameron advanced on Ngaruawahia, the na- tivo metropolis, which is situate about eighty six miles from Auckland, and which ho found deserted. He has Bince proceeded as far as a place called Wata Wata, which forms now the British head-quarters. The great tribe of the Waikatoes, beaten and disheartened,havc been suing for peace through their foremost chief, William Thompson, The Kingites have been dispersed, and the king is a fugitive. What is uf more importance still, the tribes are no longer under the influence of a common feel- ing of nationality, but are divided among themselves. The Waikatoes aro incensed against the Ngutimaniopotos for desorting them in their hour of need, and are not indis- posed to join us in punishing their faithless countrymen. The rest of the tribes do not seem inclined for any further trial of strength with the pokehas ; and the chlofs of the populous native district of Napier have ul reudy sent in their submission to the Go- vernment. The Ngatimiiniopotos alone, who inhabit the countiy on the western coast be- tween Kawhia harbour and Taranaki, may be said to be tho only enemy actually in the field. A general disarming is to bo insisted upon as an cssentiol preliminary to peace; and there ia power enough in the hands of the general to enforce Biich a decree. Our special correspondent at the seat of war writes,-"Including soldiers, sailors, and the local corps, there ure now 19,000 armed and trained mon, whoso services are available for the assertion of British supremacy in the land; end reinforcements lons overdue will bring this number up to 20,000. When the war broke out in Murch last thero were not above 4,000 troops in the held, and we only held two isolated posts in advance of Auck- land. Since then two frontier lines have bean established. The fimt, or settlers' lino, com- mences at Wairoa, about twenty-five miles to the west of Auckland, and runs inland, cross- ing the island in a south-west direction by way of Papakura and Druiy to Makau on tbe west coast, within sixteen miles of Manukau Heads. Ten redoubts and one stockade have bei n built and garrisoned on this line. The second line, which has just been formed by Colonel Carey, of the 18th Royal Iiiab, with the Thuines expedition, commences at Pukorokoko, on tho frith of tho Thames, and runs past the old Maori stronghold, Paparato, to the Waikato, which our tattam ern command. Besides this, the great south road, the line to the front, bus been maintained by the military beyond Drury; throughout its entire length it has been cleared of bush for a apace ot ten chains on euch side, and a series of redoubts have been constructed to keep it open. Above Meremere the communication is principally by water, and only two redoubts have been established in advance of that post; but altogether thoro aro fitteen on the line, aud as General Cameron advances inland others will have to be established." There are five of Her Majesty's ships in New Zealand waters at present, viz.-tho Curacoa, 23 guns, Commander H. B. Philli moro ; Miranda, 15 guns, Captain R. Jenkins; Esk, 21 guns, Captain J. C. Hamilton ; Har- rier, 17 guns, Commander F. W. Sullivan ; Eclipse, gunboat, 4 guns, Commander R. C. Mayne. The squadron is under the command of Commodoro Sir William Wiseman, The oolony has provided, in aid of H.M. naval forceB, three steam vessels-the Pioneer, the Avon, and the Sandfly. The latest intelligence from Auckland, re- ceived by" way of Sydney, is to the 11th inst, and is to the following effect ;-Ship Chariot of Fame, fiom Queenstown, had arrlvod with 610 soldiers. Also, tho Australian, from Cal- cutta, via Melbourne, with the head-quartera of the 08th Regiment, Troops wero at once landed, and a portion proceeded to tho front, as a rcconnoitering party had returned to Queen's Redoubt and reported that a body of Ngamaniopotos and the Waipa tribo had con- structed thrco redoubts, each stronger than Rangarlri. Ceneral Cameron had completed arrangements to move all available forces to attack Maori positions at other points. No- thing of conséquence occurred. Waikatoes perfectly quiet. A Maori plot to assassinate Qeneial Cameron ivas discovered in time to frustrate the design. Colonel G. D. Pitt la again in Victoria, seeking to obtain a second supply of military settlers for New Zealand. Tho terms which he offers per man aro half a crown a day, rations, and fifty acres of land when relieved from " actual sorvice." Colonel Pitt's last visit was about four months ago, when ho managed to induce over 1,000 men to toko sorvico, and, although it was generally regretted that so much of our " bone and smew" should be taken away to give strength to another colony, yet owing to the circumstances in which New Zoaland was at that time placed, little complaint was made on the subject. The present attempt of tho New Zealand Government to recruit at the expense of Victoria has, however, been loudly denounced. The metropolitan jour- nals have exhibited a marked unanimity of feeling in reprehending the system. The number of recruits already enrolled is about 700, of whom over 200 are married men. THE ENGLISH CRICKETERS. The twelve representatives of the cricketing world of England who have now been amongst .us for some time, have had various oppor- tunities of exhibiting their skill in all depart- ments of the "great national game;" and it is not too much to soy that they have taught the Victorian players a great deal moro than they had any knowledge of before Thoy have shown what cricket really is when played as only such men can play it ; and it is to be hoped that the players of the colony will take the lesson which has been given to them-and that in the plea .sautest way and in tho best spirit- properly to heart, and go on improving until they render themselveB still more worthy of oppo- nents euch as Mr, Parr and his com- panions. The first match took place on the Mel- bourne ground, the Eleven playing twenty two selected from various clubs, one or two of them being up-country players. It com- menced on the first of the month, and ex- tended over four days. The game excltid great attention, and no fewer than 41.000 people paid for admission nt the gates while the match was in progresa. The captain of the Victorians won the toss, and elected to send his own men in. The Englishmen lost no timo afterwards in getting into tho field, and the game commenced. The Twonty two was a good one, and it was expected that a stand would be made even against tho All England Eleven. The bowling during the innings was entrusted to Hayward, Jackson, Caffyn, Tarrant, and Tinley, in turns. The Twenty-two were not diBDOBedof until after five in the evening, aud their total score waB 146, of which Greaves, who proved him- self the beat man on hiB side for the day, made tbirty-four, tho next highest figure readied being fourteen. After an Interval of nhout twenty minute«, the Twenty-two took the field, and Casar and Tarrant wero the first to represont All-England with the bat. The former wat. howovtr, unlucky, having been bowled by Cosfitick, one of our best pro- fessionals, for two. Tinley then joined Tar- rant, and neither was out when the stumps were dmwn. On resuming next day (Satur- day) Tinley was disposed of without scoring, while Tan-ant only mado nino. At tins point tho hopes of the Melbonruo players wero rising ; but the aspect of affairs soon changed. Hayward took Tlnley's place, whilo Carpen- ter followed Tarrant; and a magnificent display of Lattin? tln-n took place. Both batsmen kept their wickets all day, and when at last Hayward's wicket fell to Bryant, a Victorian profeseionol, ho had placed sixty .ono to lila credit with the scorers. Caffyn followed, but had dono nothing when the stumps were drawn. On rfsnmlng on Mon dnj', another change took place in tho progress of tho game ; and this time fortuno waa a little more favourable- to the Twenty-two. Carpenter was caught by Greaves off Bryant without adding to his score of tim previous evening, fifty-nine; while Caffyn was caught for eight; Grace's wicket falling to Bryant for tho same number. Parr made a single only, and Andtreou and Lockyer nine each, Jackton carrying out hib bat without having had the opportunity of scoring The follow ing is the completo score of tho innings - Au, ENGLAND _-nr_r VIl-T INNINÍJS Cea ar, 1,1, b Ooiatl k ..2 T-ra-1,2 1,2,4, b Bryant . S -tilley, o Ortave«, b Oositlck 0 Bayward, -, 2 1,1, 1, 8 1, 2, S 1,1, 2 2 1, 1 1,1,1, 2,1 1,4 2 4, S, 1,2,1,1,1,1,1, 1,1,2,2,4 1, b Bryant fil Carpomor, 1, 2,2 2 1,1,1, 2 1,1 1,2 1, 1, 1, 2,1,1,1,1,1 1 i 1 1,1 1 2 2 1,1, «1, 1 i, 1, 2,1,1,1, 2 o Greaves, b Bryant 59 Cnüyu, 1, l, 1,1,1, 2 1, o Gre-voi, b Bryant 8 Grace 2,4 2 b Bryant 8 Farr, 1, b Bryant . 1 Alelen-ri, 1 1,2,1,1,1,1,1, o Hi--léateme, b Oosstlck S Lockyor, 2, I, 1, 2 1,1,1, o Huddl-Wrao, b Co-tit-: 9 Jack«on, not ont 0 Byes G , nido» . 10 Total "iTÖ In their second innings, tho Twenty two secured 143 the highest individual score being nineteen, and the next eighteen Their score in both innings was thuB 289 Tho bowling was in the same hands as in the finit innings On going in for their second innings, Grace and I arrant were the first to represent their side and both played spiritedly and wt.ll. Grace was caught tor eighteen while I arrant was iun out for thirteon Caffyn however, mado a determined stand and was still in with thirty seven when tho stumps wiro drawn Hayward was very unfortu nate having been run out immediately alter taking the placo vacated by lui rant while Carpenter who followed Hayward was got rid of for hfteen Auderuou made eleven, and not out Iho following tb the score - ALL -NQLAVO Eui-.rv SECOND IN M s OS Graco 1,1, 1,1, 4,1,1,1, 2,1,1, 2 1, o Wat- ton, b Conway l8 Tarrant, 4, 1 11 4 2, run out IS O flyn, 1 1 1, 2 1 4 1 4,1,1,1, i 2 2,1, J 4 1,1, 1, not out 87 linyvlad runout« 0 C«po_ter 1,1 4,1,1 1 I,",! 2,oSïioonoy b COB tick 15 Anderson, 1, 2 2 1 3 1,1, not out 11 ¡Si CB, 8, leg byoB 2 i o bal, 1 wldo, 1 12 Total, Nv tb four wicket- down 100 It will thus be seen that whilo tho gamo was in a strictly cricketing sense a draw it was In reality a victory for the Lleven, since with but four wickets down they only wanted eight runs to win It was regretted by many that a little more time-a few minutes would most likely have been all th it was ncceseaiy- waB not f,iven in order that the game might nominally as well as really have been made a victory for the Eleven Iho next match m which the Enghbhmon wero engaged was a three days ono at Sand buist atainst twenty two ofthat district In this game Mr Parr who had injured his hand when fielding on the Melbourno giouud tho list day stood umpne whilo Clarke tho twelfth man iloyed I he -.nglishmen wero the fiist to go in but the whole innings was noon over the ground and fortune combined being against the Lie«, en -he highest score «Ä OB seventeen to Carpenter while Caffyn mado thirteen lhere were no other double fifeurtB and Grace and Pmloy wore disposed of without scoring - 1 nu ALL ENGLAND ELLV_«I ni HT lKM-ioa Tarrant, o Glen, b Willa 4 Graco e Wi li, ii Gio i 0 Julius Gio ar c t Ja kion, b Wills ii Ilajward, b Wills 3 Carnoliter, 0 -noinpaon b Willa 17 Uiijn, b J Orr 13 Al domtn b Shum 8 Oink, e Shum, b Willa 1 Lockyer, not out 8 Jitkson b Wills 1 .?uley o Stouo b Shuni 0 Byes, 2, wldos 5 7 Total first innings 85 The Twentj two contrived to make seventy four beforo their last wicket fell so that their scoro was not so far behind that of tho English champions In their second innings however thoElovon gave the local mon a much better taste of thtn quality and a total of 178 was reached beforo tho innings finished Carpenter was tho top scorer with thnty three Grace and Anderbon coming next with twenty one each, and Jackson carried out his bat for 17 - ALL ENGLAND E_~v_f BFCOHD isMvaa Grace, c Earwiok, b Wills 21 lanant, o Howitt b Wills 11 Cn-T-D o Glon, o Barwlck ID Bayward, b -hum 12 Andoraon.c Barwlck 1) Thompson 21 Carpenter a Qlon, b -Hum 33 Cm ar, c Mud-y, b Glen 12 Lmkyer, b Glen 4 (.tarko run out 0 Jackson, not out 17 a i loy, o Mackay, b Wills li Bye», _, wld-s, 2 no balls, 3 7 Total 173 Saturday the last day of the match was an uncomfortable day as regards woather and the match was pla} ed out under difficulties 'lhe Eleven had evidently made up their minds from their bowling and fielding to give the _ wenty two but a poor chanco of a score and they succeoded m their object tho whole team having been disposed of for forty five runs ItwasatSandhurbtthatMr Parr fell ill and he was not ablo to take p«trt in any of the other matches The next trip of the Eleven was to Ballarat, and the match-tho second in importance to that in Melbourno-commenced on Monday, tbo 12th The English captain for the timo Mr Anderson won the toss and sent his opponents who were assisted by Bryant and Greaves as well as by Wills an old oncketer hero to the wickets The total score of tho 'Iwenty two was eighty two of which Bryant mado twenty one and Greaves sixteen The first to tako bat In hand for the Eleven were Grace aud Tarrant the former making fifteen and the latter thirty two C iffyn gave thirty nine and Lockyer thirty one while C-snr was the top scorer with forty Car penter retired after scoring three having hurl his hand badly The total was 188 Al.L-KhOLA.ND E-IÎVI FinST INNINGS Grace, o Wation, b Brjaut 15 Tarrant, b Wills 32 I-itjn, o tiaundo s b Morrea 39 Huyward, b Bryant, 7 Carpenter, not out (Hurt) 3 Anderson, b Bryant 0 Ct- ar, st Sweeney, b Wills 40 Lockyer, b B j ant 31 Cluike, c8 Cox b Wills 2 Jackson, st Sit eonoy, b W ills 5 inky, nat out 8 Byes, 6 , log byo, 1, wldos, 2 no balls, 3 11 Totti l8. In their second innings the Twenty twi were disposed of for ninety four runs o which Wills contributed thirty two I h Englishmen were therefore the, winners n one innings and with twelvo runs to spare Hayward, 'linley and Jackson wero thi bowlers An the game was over early on the third day a single wicket match was arranged between Graco and .arrant on tho one side and eight of the b.st of tho Iwenty two oi the other The latter wcie defeated oasily having only mado eleven botwoon them whilo Grace alone made the samo number I arrant adding nine to the total Thi bowling and lieldhig of the two woro of firrt claps character The next stage m tho jonrney of thi Eleven was Aratat tho match beginning oi lhur8dny, the 14th. and there the iwenty two wero defeated with ridiculous ease Their total in both innings was only sixty nine while In theur first and only mningi the Lleven scenred 137 Carpenter boing to] scorer with thirty five, and Lorkyor comini ni xt with twenty two Tinley nud Jaoksoi -nero the bowleis In tho first inuiugs of til Twenty two, and linloy und Graco in th second - ALL ENGLAND -LFV-N 1 HIST INNINGS Orneo O Tarrant 11 Cnflju 0 Camar 3 Marshall 14 Al (lomon 11 Lockyer 22 Oarpuntor 35 Cl»rko 1 TlnUy 12 J ackson 15 Byes, S, wldo, 1 4 Total for tho unit innings 137 A single wicket match followed the game Tarrant playing eleven of the local mea, th' result being a draw 'Iho next anil InBt matoh in the colony untilthe Lleven return from New Zealand «.va that at Maryborough lhe loo ii team had th assistance of Wills and thrco Melbourne players namely Bryant Greaves and Hewitl lhe match was originally intended ai a tw< days one onlv but the weather onTuesdaj the 10th the first day, proved unfavourable and In consequence tho game becamo a thre days one '-he Twenty two wera tho first to go lo the wickets and were all disposed of fo Beventy two They were not much mor successful in thursecond, havlngonly secure» Kovtntj four-the grand total being thus l.i In their first anil only innings tho Elevei made ¿23 Grace being the bigheBt scorer witl forty lour, Caffyn comintr noxt with thirty tttc, -.*-lnle Lockyer and Hayward had thlrt; each placed to their credit. The following is the scoro : AM,-E»OLAND HLKVIW. FIK8T INHINOB, Once, o Makinson, b Oavley. U Jackson, o Bryant, b Will» . 21 Tarrant, b Will. 81 Hayward, b Will«. SO Carpenter, at newitt, b Tinsey. 9 Carlyn, c Totluio, b Wills . 82 Auderson, c Uorrlion, b Wills. 0 Lockyer, 0 Greaves . SO Cocaar, b Greaves. 0 Clarke, b Greaves. 8 linley, not out. 7 Byof, 6; widoi, 7. 12 Total.223 The Englishmen were thus tbe victors In one innings, and with Beventy-seven runs to spare. Jackson and Tinley were the bowlers, and the latter was evon moro successful in this and the other country districts than in Melbourne. Our batsmen appear to find It impossible to play his peculiar slows. Wherever they have gono the English cricketers, wo ure happy to say, have been re- ceived in tho most cordial manner, and hos- pitality has been exercised to them on all ImndB. They express tktinselves much grati- fied with tho colony and tho people amongst whom they find themselves. The team sall by the Alhambra for New Zealand to day, aud they will hu absent for a month. On' returning, they play at Castle- maine, and again in Melbourne. They also visit Sydney ; and most likely a trip to Ade- laide will ha anauged. THE GOLD-FIELDS. At this time of year thoro is always a complaint of things being dull on the gold- fields, and the current month offers no excep- tion to the iule. The Christinas holidays break into the regular work, causing amongst those who can afford it two or three weeks of idleness ; and, the dry weather setting in, the extent of space for operations becomes more or less limited, so that the number of men actually engaged in mining becomes much reduced about this time, many be tuking themselves to tho harvest-field ; and for these and other reasons, the chance of new discoveries of importance at this season is but slight. It was known at the date of our lost summary that the quantity of gold exported during the year, then about to terminate would not be much below tho amount sent away during tho year buforo, and the in- formation since obtained pioves such to be the case, still a closer examination of the subject, in all its buntings, shows that tho actual yield of gold for the year was not so good as appeared from the first glauco. In the first piuco the reduction of sixpence au ounce in the export duty, to commence with 1803, caused much of the gold raised towards the end of 1802 to be withheld from salo and shipment until the following year, and a comparison of the quautities held by the bailies and lodged In the Treasury at the tciminution of the two years, together with the quantities which may be supposed to havo been held back by tho miners, leads to the conclusion that from 120,000 to 200,000 ounces of the gold Bhipped in 1803 must bavo been raised in.1802, and should bo added to the yield of that your. Estimates vary widely as to the amount that should bo taken from, ono year and added to the other, and us many of the items are only bated on conjecture, the exact figures can never bo arrived at, so san guineoidespondeut people may take either tho lowest or the highest of the two amounts stated in support of their views ot the question, with- out the fear of either being proved to ha wrong. The fact, however, remains, that there was u consideiable falling oil in the yield of gold during 1803, and this gieater in propoition than the reduction in the number of men en- gaged in mining during that your. Accord- ing to the returns made mouthly by tho mining surveyor, there waa ou an average of the twelve months a reduction of 6,050 in the number of men so engaged; but these re- turns, again, are made up very much by guess- work, and are often mr iroin the truth, especially when changes amongst tho min- ing population are taking piuco, so any attempt to ascertain the earnings of tho miners themselves can only result in an approximation, uncertainty always existing as to the number of mon so employed, as well as in regard to tho yield of gold for each year. ThuB, according to the most favourable cal- culation, the earnings for lost year were £1 0s. 3d. euch week per man, dividing tue total amount of gold umoug the number of men supposed to be actually engaged in raising it, without any deduction tor interest on capi- tal, expense of machinery, &a;, or only six- pence per week IBBB than the earnings of the year bulore, while the lowest estimate- of the yield of gold for the year would give thom nearly 2s. less each week per mau. Tue truth most probably lies between the two extremes ; and that there has been a falling oil in the earnings is proved by a reduction in tho wages paid to hired men ia some pluces, which, however strenuously re- sisted at first* had in most instances to be submitted to. The number of hired. men on the gold-fields is fast increasing each year, and no wouder, whon companies and employers with capital invested in machinery and other aids and appliances can afford to pay from filty to 100 pur cent, moro in tho Bbupe of wages than tho averago woekly earnings of individual miners as a class. There have been no discoveiieB lately, except of now reefs. Some of these give indications of richness. Ko ruali of any con- sequence buB therefore taken placo nineo that to Kaywood, in the Bendigo district, whore a large extent of good grouud lias boen opened up. Besides Buvtral gullies, moro or less payable, a second lead of gold has been already traced out for a dis- tance of a milo and a half, and tho threat- ened scatcity of water has beeu partially pre- vented by the fall of heavy showers of rain at no long intervalo, BO that on the whole this last great rush has been moro successful than W88 anticipated. On the older diggings vory many projects aro now being carried out for the erection of steam-engines und pumping gear, to drain ground which cannot otherwise bowoikcd.and in this direction tbcre is room for the investment of a largo amount of capital, with the certainty of high returns. Ou many of the reefs, too, worked down to the water lovel thero is plenty of .ecope for enterprise of the same kind, but money is not as yet so readily obtainablo for the erection of pumpiug engines on those, the ribk and uncertainty being greater than in proved ulluvial ground. The umount of work clone on the reels during tho last four weoks has been comparatively small, und the good yields announced havo therefore been low. One claim on the March Beef, at Inglewood, has, however, produced ßlßuz. 5dwt. from 382 tons of stone, raised in one fortnight, and 711oz. from 320 tons raised the fortnight be- fore, this claim having yielded gold worth about £15,000 within little more than a year from the timo the vein was first struck. A few rich yields from tho Ben- digo reefs aro now and again reported, the best of late having been 373oz. 3dwt. from nincty-thiee tons of stone out of oue of tho claims on Hustler's Beef. In tho Castle- maine district high yields havo only beon obtained from small parcels of stone, tUe largest of those which can bu so distinguished consisting of sixteen tons out of a narrow vein on tbo Nimrod Beef, and this produced 120oz. The roefs in tho mountain oouutry on both sideB of the great Dividing Ringa uro Btill yielding very lurgely, and several more crushing-machines have lately bouu erected or ure now on their way to these, as roads and tracks aro gradually cleared and opened. The dividends paid by tho Bal- larat companies were up to the usual average, largo sums having to bo reserved by some of these from the total receipt?, to meet legal and other contingent ex- penses. Thus the Koh-i-noor Company paid £00 per eharo out of the gold raised in ton daj'B pi oviou's to the holidays, aud tho samo amount for one fortnight sinco. A dividend of £00 per share was also paid by the Nelson Company for on« fortnight, and £18 per share fortrie other. The Cosmopolitan Uompauy paid two dividends of £20 each within tho month, and the Prince of Wales Company ono of £34, and another of £30. The Great Ex tended Company was eug-igcd moot of tho time in putting machinery to rights, and making improvements in tho mine; but oue dividend of £22 por share was paid the lust . week lu December. From tho Cosmopolitan Company's grouud a nugset weighing lit ounces was taken along with tho small gold, another of fifty-eight ounces having beon found in shallow ground at the Stouy Bises, in tho samo district ; and Baywood has pro- duced two largo nuggets, ono of niuoty-six ounces and tho othor of 113 ounces, besides many smaller ones of twenty-eight ounces, twenty-three ounces, and BO on downwards. AGRICULTURE. The greater part of our harvest time has now passed over, and without more than a very small proportion of what wo are accustomed to look for as summer weather. The hot days have been few, while storms of wind and rain have frequently interrupted work m the field, causing great losa and inconvenience to the farmer Very much damage has been done to the hay crop, and all kinds of grain have Buffered moat severely Tho caterpillar baa been moro than usually destructive attacking barley, oats, and wheat allko this year, and a large portion of the wheat crop has been utterly destroyed by rust. This dis- ease has seldom made its appearance here be- fore,-nevor to such an extent as to attract any special attention, but this year half tho wheat in New South Wales has been utterly lost through ita rapid spread, and in different parts of tins colony wholo fielda have been rendered worthless, while in many casos the 5 îeld has been reduced toone half or one fourth. Some accounts from Gipp3 Land say that the total quantity of wheat gathered thero this season will not bo more thau equal to tho seed that was sown , and in thuuBuully fertile dis- trict around Warrnambool most of the wheat fields have been thrown open to the cattle, few being worth the cost of reaping Even in the Ovens district where the eli mate ia rather warm and dry, und tho cropB early, tho failuro from the same cuube is very great, the Adelaide strip ping machines having m some instances only collected a bag or two ol grain from an intent of lund which should havo yielded tome hundreds of bushels In the later dis- trict* the ixtent of the loss will not bo ascer- tained until the tbreBhing machines get to work, when wo fear this will bo greater than is geneially anticipated and tho grain saved will of course be generally inferior in quality. Wheat IB now using in pneo m all these colo- nies, South Australia alone baviug an «bun dant haivest, und but for the eertuinty of largo importations from Californio as soon as the state of matters here is known high prices would bo reached, as the surplus available for export fiom South Australia will not go far to meet tho demands upon it from this colony, New South Wales, Now<5oa land, and even China the Btocks of wueat and flour on bund hore ha\e run veiy short, and, the harvest being late, and the grain not so dry as uwiul when gatbered, it is becoming a quebtiou in places whether a full supply ot bread can he calculated on until tho now flour is a\ ailable Where not injured by the coter pillur, oats are a good crop, the Henson having been peculiarly iavourablo lor them and this desciiption of yam is not likely to rulo high Owinj, to the continuance ot ruin so far into the summer, feed lor stock is most abundant, and so great is the quantity of grossevery where that Bome\ cry debtructive bush fires muBt bo looked for ne\t month it hot winds be- come at all prevalent LTp to tho present time the wind has blown but little from tho north, tho country looking almost as green and lresh away iiom the tilled landb as if spring time were not yet ovor, hut February is the month for bush thee, and we cannot hope to escapo them even this j ear lruit is now becoming plentilul in tho market, notwithstanding tho losses on high ground from the soveral gales of wind, and on low giound from the floods Iho yield of trapes will in many places be small, tho ?ury wornt of the bad weather having come in the rnidbt of tho flowering soason, causing almost a total failure of BOine of the more delicate varieties A sort of blight is ulso destioymi, the youug borrlos now in some of the \iueyaids otviug to the fcrouud continuing too wet Last yeal the quanity of w mo made hero was vorj great, us proved by tho many largo Biles by auction already held, the new wine boing unfor- tunate!} forced into the muiket too quickly, and therefore coming into consumption m bad condition, or elbe in a doctored state not calculated to improve the taste or promote the appreciation of puro colonial wines The trial of reaping m»chlnes exhibited at the Melbourne show was held in the last week ot December, and for the first time our colonial makers wero beaten tyan importer but only In tho ono horso class- ono of Bauiletts hand hack delivery machines dome, its work tho quickest and with the greatest ease to the horso Tho mue In the other class was taken by Mr J Nicholson who has this j ear brought out a machine with coitain improvements, which render it peculiarly suitable for general use. Pleuro pneumonia is Btill spreading through- out the length and breadth of the land, hav- ing lately biokeu out in Queensland on the one side, and having crossed tho border into South Australia on the other, and wo have now a public acknowledgement of this dis caso having appeared In New Zealand, although, it tho truth wero known, it is some months siuco tho first case appeared thero but In a different province from that in which it is now allowed to be Howovor, a little concealment has Baved this colony from the odium of having been the causo of the mischief, and the loss of a trade in cattle consequent thereon, and New South Wales will now hiuo to bear tho blame, as the first a\owed outbreak of tho disease has boon amongst cuttle shipped from twofold Bay IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION" The leturnB of immigration and emigra- tion, completo for the year 1863 for all ports of tho colony, havo boon published. The details for December have just boen completed The arrivals during that month numbered 8,954 and tho departures 2,111, the balance being 1,813 in favour of tho colony Of the ni rivals, 2 530 wero adult males, 1,014 adult fomahs, 210 malo and 188 femalo children Of tho departures, 1,150 weio adult males, 384 adult femalos, 123 male and W8 femalo children. Tho ports of arrival wero -Melbourne, 3945, Poit Albert, 0, and of departure, Melbourno, 2005 Geelong 45, Port Albort, 1 The balance of migration wa3 in favour of Victoria, as regards all other colonies of tho Australian group Iho following digest of tbo return gives a clear insight into the migratory movements of the month - Now South Wale» South Australia Tasmania It OK ¿calami Total neighbouring culo tilos United Kingdom Foreign porta KotIncrcaso 1843 1S43 In the following table tho totals of immi- gration and emigiation are compared month by month for tho last year, and its prede- cessor - 1802 i istia. partod lArrivoú. Do partod. January . Huriiiry Mareil April Moy J uno .. July August Eoptoubor littobor N» ember December Totals . 4,020 2 881 4,087 8,180 .,060 ¿010 3 000 8 302 2, leo 0,419 8,200 8113 2 8.J0 2,040 1,027 2, 88 2 002 7.B17 2 (k15 17H0 8,070 2,705 2,000 2,550 4,007 2,202 4,062 8,309 8 7i7 2,000 2 020 8 70i 8,1)51 5,008 6,713 4 012 2,122 2,700 1.ÜJ8 1,171 2 441 2,709 2,M2 1O0Í 2,111 87 830 j 88,221 I J3 033 I 81 BOO The anivals in 1803 havo exceeded thoso In 1802 by 1145 and the departures havo boon less by ¿421 The bnlanco of immigration over emigration during the past year num- bered 4183 pt rons In 1802 there was a hillanco against tho population of the colony of885porsonB Tho nrrivuls at all ports of the colony from tho other provincos of Aus- tralia ha\ebcen as follow -1 rom New South Walts, 4,214, South Australia 2137, Tas- mania, 3,088, New Zealand, 7 850 Tho de- partures from Victoria have been -For Nuw bouth Waits, 4 392, South Australia, 1,011; Tasmania 881, New Zealund, 22116 Accord ing to the returns of the registrar jgoncral, tho population of the colony on tho 30th Septotn tier (the latest dato to which tho returns ara completed), nutubired 500807, of whom 320 910 weio moles, and 231) 891 wore females. Taking the ordinary avorago increase for tlio last quarter of tho year, the population on tho 3ht Dccembor may bo set down at 670,000. ACCLIMATISATION. Smco the roturn of tho prcsldont of tho Acclimatisation Society of Victoria (Mr Ed- ward Wilson) from England, ho baa lost no time in dovotlng himself, with his usual zeal, to promoting the objects of the eocloty. A suggestion which ho mado In the address which bo delivered to the society a few days after his arrival, for stimulating the into tests of the general pabilo In the work of acclimatißa'tion has already been practically followed np. Hitherto, except at the an- nual meeting, which Is open to all the I meuibtra, the affairs of the society have be conducted exclusively by a council of about a dozen gentlemen, who huid weekly meetings, to which, however, none but members of the council are admitted. It is not intended to alter this system, which has boen found to work admirably, as far as it goes; but with a view of popularising the great aim and io tout ion of the society, aa well as of evoking useful in- formation on tho subject of acclimatisation, it has been determined to hold a conversazione once a month upon zoological and acclimati- sation topics, at which all members of the Ecciety may attend, and each have the right of introducing two gentlomon. The president has also been requested by the coun- cil to draw up a circular luttor for transmis- sion to the acclimatisation societies of the neighbouring colonies, acquainting them with the privllises which have beon granted by the Lords of the Admiralty for furthering the Interests of acclimatisation. The council have decided to award the Argus Gold Prize Cup, value £100, for the year Ï863 to Mr. A, J. Duffield, for tho introduction of a nock ot alpatas from Bolivia. The cup baa for several years been annually offered to the person iutroduciag into the colony during the year the most valuable ot in- teresting animal, bird, or fish, in suffi- cient numbers to establish the breed. Mr, Duffield gives a most encouraging report of the present condition of the alpacas, and mentions that they have boon shorn, and that many.of them yielded 141b. The French man-of-war Isis, on a voyago to New Cale- donia, recently viBltcd the port of Melbourne, for the purposo of taking on board some kan- garoos tor Prince Napoleon. The Comte de Castelneau {the French consul) sent on board . twenty-eight kaugtroos, and the Acclimatisa- tion Society sent five young emous and four blackswf«ns,reseivingaBhipmcntof kangaroos tor another occasion. On the 22nd inst. the society received a shipment of upwards of thirty guaramiers from the Mauritius, by the barque Form osa. All were in good health, and only one had died on the passage. A proposition to hold a dotç-show has been brought forward by Mr. Wilson, and it hat been determined that a show of this descrip- tion-which will bo the first of tho kind held in the colony-«ball take placo during the autumn, under tho auspices of tho Acclima- tisation Society_ VICTORIA VOLUNTEER FORCE. The volunteer movement in Victoria has, under the new regulations, which have boen dwelt upon in previous English summaries, effected a radical change for the better, with which recruiting for New Zealand does not appear to interfere. On January 1 there waa a grand review hold 'by Brigadier-General Chute, the commander of Her Majesty's land forces here. The sito chosen was an extensive tiact of land at Emerald hill, 1) ÍDg to the west of the Butts sta- tion! 2,627 men, out of 3,373 attended-the chief observable doflciency being lu the light cavalry, only about seventy out of 287 mem bent being present. The display, aided by tbe effect of tho white trousers and bine jackals of the Naval Brigade, the blue Gari- baldi shirts of the artillerymen, and the red Garibaldi shirts of the rifles, was exceedingly satin-.ctory, and the affair may bo said to illustrate in no common degree the efficiency of our volante ers. Tho following return will convey all the information needed as to tho strength of the différent corps: Hemm shoveinir Distribution and Strömt-i 1st January, 1884, alsa Attendance at the OUlclal In- spections in December, 1803, and tho Keviow of lit January, 1804. Corps. V.V. Light Horae ilotiopoliu-i Troop.. Oooloiiff K j ne ton Bacchus Mar-i Castle--iina .. Sandlinnrt .. .. Ballarat "Saval Brigade Willi»-»town Corps, -ii--dice -Y.V.Ar-lli-y JJetropoHtm.. East Melbourne Wllllai-«towu Euiorald--111 .. St. Kilda 1st Geelong ., -id Geelong .. Eniiliioora lU-tw Holbourne and Mortb Holbourne Cor«- . Carlton Collli,gvroi-I .. East Collinswood , ltlchman« Prahran und 8. Tarra Peintridg« Brighton 1st Ballan- .. 2nd Ballarat .. Bendigo lit Oaitle-iraIns 2nd CaitlrmaIno Vol. Stall O-lcen not attached to corps Paid HtatT llead Quarteira' Band and Drummora 15-J no1 Total» .**__ Í«9 Í3_ ¡El a '.OS ... «3 ü*_ SS .. SS7S1 SO» I 2807 I 2017 (fcxtia band« are not included in the urang-i o' colpa) * -is MotropoU-n Troop only ordered to attend. .RAILWAY TR____C. Tho tra_io for tho month on our railways presents a very favourable aspect, much of which is owing to the holiday trips daring the Christmas season. In the caso of the Victorian railwaye, the improvomont shows something of better managomonr, and a gradual development of resources, for the re- turns for last December B_OW receipts amount- ing to £53,872 2s. Id., as against £40,200 8->. lid. for the same month of 18G2. On the main line, that to Sandhurst, the receipts were -U,067 10a. lid., for 43,404 passengers, and £17,940 lüs. dd. for gooeiB. Tho receipts on tho other branohes were : -Ballarat, £10,023 Og. lid. lor 24,851 passengers, and £8,933, for goods ; Williamstown, £1,-25 11s. 8d. for 36,620 paseengeiu -tid £1,060 15s. 4d. for goods. Total, £22,310 17s. Gd. for 104,935 passengers, and £28,630 Ils. 4d. for goods. On tho Essen- don lino the total receipts wero £11018s. 4d. for passengers. On the Melbourno Ballway tho total recuipts wero .£4,-89 l8- Id. for pas- senger ti aille, besldCB a large sum for rents, &c.; : £1,276 Ile. was received during the first week in January. On the Melbourne and Hobson. Bay Uno the total receipts were about £0,310 for passenger trafiiu, which, offing to tbo Hoods, is much below the ave- rage. On the 8t. Kilda and Brighton line, £1,633 13s. 2d. was taken during tho month for passengers. COMMERCIAL, Since the despatch of the last mail the accounts for the your 18G3 have boon closed, and the Iholidays have been observed. Up to tho middle of tho month there was but little doing. The English mail of the 20th Novem- ber, duo on the morning of tho 10th, waa not delivered until tho 23rd inst., tho Peninsular »nd Oriental Steam Navigation Company's Steamer Bengal having broken hor pinion' shaft about fifty mile« north of Pcrim, in the Bed Sea. The consetiuences of this have been unsettled "rourke- and many and well grounded complainte. The inconvenience and lot» suffered on this occasion havo given an impetus to tho desire for fortnightly com- munication, which has long been felt to bo ncceeeary to the advancement of tho Austra- lian colonies. In summarizing tho events of the year 18G3, thuto is lesa of fluctuation to chronicle than usual. Ti ade and commerce havo been steady throughout, and money has undergone but fow and unimportant changes. Tho yield of tbo gold- fields, the gteat Btaplo export of the colony, has been maintained. The total clenrunces of gold during tho year amounted to 1.U98.601OZ., of which l,_34,377o- were the produce of Victoria, and 304,121oz, were tran tihip-ieuts from New Zealand. The clear- ances during the year 1802 amounted to _,010.S30oz., 1,711,6081)-. of which wore of Vic- torian produce, and 308,331oz. reablpment. from New Zealand. Notwithstanding the disturbances undergone by miulng induotry from the attractiveness ot the New ZeaUnd gola- tleld-, to which over 20,000 miners migrated from this colony alone, the _old fields have, with lesB labour expended, pro- duced l,034,377o_ of gold, or only 77,18ioz. lees than tho yield of laut year. The Government revenue has Buffered severely, but this had bam anticipated to some extent. The totol revenue col ltcted during the lutt Quarter of the year amounted to £800,898 11B. lid., agtfnut £932,30110s. 6d. for the last quarter of 1862, showing a decrease of £71,40218a. 7d. The total for the year amounted.to £2,722,209 6s. 10d., agaluBt £3,181,420 7s. 4d. for the year 1862, Showing a decroase of £409,121 le. Cd. The largo .fallings-off exhibited in > this Btatemont are calculated at finit sight to give rise to - some uneasiness ; but on looking down the lint, tho eyo at once catches the fact that they aro tho consequence of the withdrawal of land from sale and of the unsettled state of the land question. Under the bead of " territorial," the net de- crease for tho year amounts to no less a sum than £520,451 10s. > Taking the years separately, and submitting every euuico of revenue to tho test of com- parison, wo find a net falling off under the head of Customs of £25,485 (omit- ting fractions). A decrease is . shown in spirits of £36,490; in toa, £15,954; In sufiar, £16,764 ; in coffee, £2,464. The fol- lowing articles show an increase : -Wino, £3,703; beer, £8,613; tobacco, £0819; clirars, £1,045; opium, £2,602; rice, £2,425; dried fruits, £4,610; hops, ¿1,799; malt, £2,145; sheepwash tobacco, £3,834 ; registration foes, £6,772. In the department ot excise, wo find au increase In spirits distilled in the colony of £1,614; In spirit merchants' llceuces of £1.665 ; and in brewers' licences of £93 ; and a decrease in publicans' licences of £1,995 ; iu auctioneers' llceuces of £475; and in all licences not enumerated of £1,687. The territorial revenue comes next lu order. Under this heading we find a docrease of £457,062 in one lump in the laud revenue proper, namely, from the sale and leasing of land, pastoral occupation, fees of leases, surveys, «c. The export duty on gold shows a falling off of £63,012-the result of the reduction of the duty from 2s. Od. per ounce to l8. Od. There is a decrease in miners' rights of £5,910, which must bs charged to the account of the continued pouring of tho mining population towards Now Zealand for tbo hist half of tho year. Busiuoss licences Bhow a falling off of £1,320. The net defi- ciency in thiB department is, as wo havo men- tioned abovo, £626,451. The iucome from public works shows an increaso of £135,066 from tho railways, and a decrease of £10,000 in watar rates, and of £1,204 In receipts from the Electrio Telegraph office. In ports and harbours, we find an Increase of £2,060 ia tonnage, aud of £62 In pilotage, at outpoTtg. The Post-office sho »va an increase of £4,445. In the items of fees of court and fines and forfeitures, there is nothing to call for special notico. Under the head of "miscellaneous," there isa net increase of £12,772. i Submitting the quarters to the same test, we find in the Customs a falling off in the last quarter of 1863, as compared with the last quarter of 1802, of £12,333. The itemB of increase were- cigars, £114 ; tea, £6,162 ; dried fruits, £2,064 ; sheepwash tobacco, £555 ; aud of decrease-Bpirits, £4,166 ; wine, £92 ; beer, £417; tobacco, £1,951; BUgar. £8,528; coffee, £182 ; opium, £598 ; rice, £3,283 ; hoos, £203; malt, £442; registration fees, £261. Under the head of excise, theie is an increase ot £870 in spirits distilled in Victoria ; and a decrease in the following:-Publicans' li- cences, £1,450 ; spiritmerchants'heeuces, £211; auctioneers' licences, £250 ; all other licences, £1,634. The territorial revenuo exhibits a net falling off of £62,497, of which sura £67,560 is traceable to the same causes as that assigned for the falling off lu tho returu for the year. Some few land sales were held towards the close of the quarter, but these did not yield largely to the land reveuuu. The gold export duty yielded less by £6,930, and the miners' rights by £370. The increase on the quarter for railway Income was only £4,319. The same £10,000 tignres in the decreased re- ceipts from water rates as in the statement for tho year. Tho telegraph department yielded less by £1,003 during the quai ter just 'ended than during the lost quarter of 1862. -In the Post-office an increase of £1,284 is shown. In the following table, tho items are given under their separate headings for both the quarters and the years : I Quarter ending. Hit DM, 1802. I.-CUSTOMS. Import Duties On Spirit* Wine.. Beor .. Tabacco Cigars Tea ... Sugar Coffee Opium Rice .. Driod traita.. Hops.. Halt .. Sheepwash to- bacco Registration feos Total Cunt oma.. II.-EicTsa. BnlrlU distilled in Victoria Publicans' ltcancea Spirit merchant!' do. Auctioneers' do. Brokers' do. AU other licences. Total oxcUe .. III.-Tnnnr. TOBI.Ui. Purchase - money and rent of Undi «looted in 1803. Rent of lairds se- lected In 1803,4o. Bala of land by auction.. Pastoral occupa- tion, including nour runs Fee) of loane«, li- cences, ¡sUTToy«, &c; Proceeds of sal« ol Crown lands . Pastoral occupa-\ nation Rent of lands .. > Now runs and other licence« J Export duty on gold Miners' rights . Business licences Leases of aurifer- ous lands Total territorial IV.-IHCOMB ynoa PUBLIC WORK* Railway income Water-rates Electric telegraph. Total public works V. - PORTS AND IUnnouns. Tonnage .. Pilotage (»t out ports) . Total ports and harbours VI.-POBTAOB.. VII.-PHB8. 01 Supreme Court General Sosslons A County Courts Courts of Mines. Courts or Potty Sessions AU otlior foes Total fee« VI1I.-FINM AMD FORFBITURHU, OfSuprt-me Coull General Sussions & County Courts Courts of Pot! j Sf osions All othor fines and forfeitures Total fines and forfeitures IX-MiBOBLUaim OUH Rents, CXCIUSITOOI land Government prin- ter Labour of prl soucrs Storage ef gun- powder . Salo of GoTcrn ment property. Climcso rates All other receipts, 118,379 11,014 10,671 13,111 I.2H M.358 89,883 1,451 r,08G 6,298 1,001 1,00 < i; i,on T.247 sea S,«6M 468) S,078f »,soaj 824,604 70,625 se,i6x 8,002! 2,710 Slut Doe., 1883. 184,212 11,851 10,251 81,100 2,328 81,511 »1,300 I, 0,480 8,013 «,728 80S 1,440 1.82C 0,085 1,200) *>m Tear ending. tilt I Slot Deo., Doo, 1801 1803. 520,535 40,870 45,024 113,601 8,17! 108,734 189,501 14,873 11,041 18,134. 12,010 1,72« 1,209 1,181 11,254 (0,020 11,558 4,826 885 10,758 0.197J 00,2871 443,178 110,531 10,000 7,585 187,118 4,175 10 4,1921 28,020 5,46« 2,876 8,023 18,204] Total revenue.. Net decrease On the quarter On tho year . Sracun FUKM, Police reward fund Ponai entablbjt incut fund Tolls fund Trust fund Pulke hospital fund »2 2 1,153 2,401 9,103 86,200 128,702 168,094 8,018 80,221 7,722 2,805 2,100 880,670 123,850| 8,581 180,482 4,27! 4,806 29,813 4.M7 2,806 6,400 494,015 44,078 63,537 lM.tiO 10,118 92,780 118,730 11,918 28,014 15,600 16,683 6,526 8,448 »,213 £8,020 6,181 £4,025 14,111 4,859 078 0,141 ¿ 89,403 .07,67*1 255,280 184,521 84,008 11,340 5,240 207,049 10,000 25,4261 333,375 18,260 11,427 124 IO 8,020 342 8,821 60S 1,610 1,194 276 400 370 6,218 9,660 932,801 800,898) 71,102) 16,0081 «,037] 2,57« «05 1,516 2,114 227 1,741 14,720 20,984 860,8093 1,051 10,463 £4,S0H 22,292 4,942 10,072 10,251 (1,656 82,035 91,281 832,736 130,155 12,838 121,603 28,(0)0 10,020 6,008 872,111 433,615 24,222 457,837 20,311 142 20,458 20,453 9,764 18,4*0 63,663 4,052 4,109 O.OOH 1,137 1,106 4,173 1,206 4,165 1,000 20,265 40,01» 409.12H 74,079 20,033 675 103 7,807 1,305 9,792 62,785 4,820 10 44.828 .0,291 The business of the Custom-house closed with the week ending December 26, and wd »to enabled to give the declared value of the Import« and exports at the Port of Melbourne, week by week, au compared with those of J 1802\. The values are not returned with very great accuracy, as the detailed lints published in the Bill of Antru testify. Tho figures may, | however, hu relbia upon as an approximate statement of the commerce of the colony. During the year 1802 the importa amounted to ¿512,798.686, and the exports to £11 844.090 ; the balance of imports standing at £954,596. The imports in 1803 amounted to £13,025,862, and the «-xportH to £12.020,040, giving the balance of imp irtn at £990 822. According to tho-« figures, tho import trade ot the latter yi ar hag increastd over that of the former by £827,176, and the export trade by £781,950; the incieaee in both branches amounting to £1,609,126. In tho followiug table the imports and exports are given weekly for the past j year, side by side with thobo for the corre- ! f-ponding weeks of 1862, together with the totals for both periods : Sliding ñh. 10 17 81 I »1 lmpurt«. 1802. ¿i zo »roh 7 April July Sept. 143.220 411,276 187,80t 266,860 176,621 171,705 107,601 286,960 240,019 193,932 810,912 217,673 208,041 380,229 213,700 121,042 224,402 147,473 BS.16S 185,170 64,026 241,736 171,836 122,040 187,940 126,849 124,797 197,801 198,788 1M,207 161,273 109,731 119,266 107,220 4M,04f 141,876 147,484 120,21« 170,431 289,620 892.0Í5 «00,411 10»,0»T «8,078 1X1,69! 8*0,448 163,092 118,805 199,8*7 180,047 249,818 166,840 1S0S. Hipn-U. 1362. £ 146,618 170,498 438,719 121,440 410.1S8 197,444 467,978 818,431 462,738 261,800 162,418 61,872 140,548 823,846 669,078 10(1,684 163,620 S6V,732 87.Í66 127,828 420,018 267,064 167,817 176,811 107,608 268.483 is9,6se 141,419 183,161 111,704 472,432 118,018 8*4,463 69.640 162,888 430,884 101,892 231,266 115,249 308,1)78 2*4,178 1*4,055 TS,094 819,683 148,0*4 167,247 889,269 278,668 154,144 181,200 2 »«,347 104,9« & 91,113 287,781 132,769 128,618 19(,JU 116,006 Hl,l!l 160,781 229,228 119,231 812,922 70,269 869,770 82,800 289,791 218,624 263,671 200,050 108,2W 173,679 171,969 266,887 114,370 68,438 «4,679 110,269 6(1,079 110,681 63,071 419,630 »1,893 »»,(07 46 647 243,431 U7,n4 81,621 93,781 1M,986 «0,460 831,212 76,115 79,410 436,812 197,010 *7,8J6 491,7(6 274,833 469,24) 160,640 242,800 83,219 283,690 12,T03,63o| lB,6t6.882| U,844,09o| 12,020,010 £ 108.490 621,601 102,608 660,12t 117,711 196,066 142,216 233,4(6 498,104 117,114 180,128 289,81.7 998,137 814,062 88,732 168,780 884,00» 861,427 11 »,»86 93,413 496,170 101,242 79,681 «03,606 es,»i7 677,710 277,86» 904,141 icT.ni 188,646 177,931 68,668 87,266 12«, .8« »1S.441 143,961 197,680 117,607 487,817 88,6» 161,329 187,018 876.950 T6.060 146,983 90,648 863,771 667.««9 181,306 188,432 187,3(1 489,214 The year has not been aa unprofitable one. The commeroo of the colony has been steadily progressing. The yield of the gold-fields-the great staple export of tho colony-has been maintained. The I total clearances of gold during the year hove «mounted to l,998,601o¡s., of which 1,G84,377OH. were the produce of Victoria and 864,124o». were transhipments from New Zea- land. The clearances during tho year 1862 amounted to 2019,839o«., 1,711,608OE. of which were of Tictorian produce, and 308,331o» re sblpmenta from New Zealand. Notwith- standing the disturbance« undergone by mining Industry from the attractiveness of the New Zoaland sold- fields, and the co ntinued drain on the population of the colony, the gold-fields have«, with lees Ubour expended, produced l,G34,377oa. of gold, orouly 77,131OB, less than the yield of last year. The money market haa been without any Important fluctuation. The remaining por- tion of the Bail (ray loan has boen thrown on the market without affection; tho price of these securities. The local banks haye esta bl Bhid their position before the public. Joint! Btock enterpnse haa flourished. Insurance, railway, and gus companies have maintained their prices, in tho face of a season of no ordi- nary severity. Mining enterprises hare been more carefully looked into, and have yielded hotter dividends. High rates of interest and discount havo ruled throughout the year ; but the impression prevails that the banka will have to meet the time«, and to sub- mit before lone to the laws which regulate financial affairs In older communities, instead of having recourse to combined action, whioh has resulted hitherto lu tbo establishment of a monopoly, with the power to impose its own terms. The banking returns for the last quarter of the year are not yet complote. The average statement« of the aggett and lia- bilities within the colony of Victoria of eoven of the banks have been published in the Qattttc, under the provisions of the Act of Council, 4ih Victoria, No. l8. From these a tolerable insbdit into the banking business of the colony can be gained. Tho subjoined compare« the assets and liabilities ot theso seven banks for the fourth quarter of 1868 with the fourth quarter of its predecessor. BIM OÏ TlOTOlUi. 1862 1881. Nstesincirculatlo».. .. £103,13» £238,391 Bills In circulation .. .. 11,470 11,411 Dopoalts, not beuton Interest 830,117 687,696 Do. bearing; Interert .. 700,867 TM.867 Total liabilities .. .. 1,879,196 1,768,938 Coln. 410,167 27*,770 Bullion . 91,118 89,851 Undod property .. .. 111,349 189,806 Qtverament tccuritlm .. (0,000 - Debts du« to the bank .. 1,491,631 1,701,781 Total assets. 2,280,027 8,388,97i Union BIXK or AUITHALU, Notes in circulation fillla In circulation .. Díposltí.lio tbo» ring Interest Do, bearing latoren Total liabilities Coln. Bullion . Landed property Debts due to tin bank Total asset«. £191,669 8*,03» 603,711 194,181 1,214,966 226,410 6»,V43 42,44» 1,108 048 1,712,168 «172,203 11,464 610,101 428,741 1,129,822 174,376 118, MI 41,6(6 l,*?l,148 1,883,853 COLOMUt BASK OP ArjITElHSU. Notes In circulation.. Billa in circulation ., DcpuBits, notbuorhujinteroat Do., bearing Intoruil Total liabilities Coln. Bullion . Landed property .. Debts duo to tbo bank Iota! aasets. £94,048 35,08] 806,218 431,191 1,030,441 18,620 11,413 44,792 1,S8'J,239 1,518,313 ORIIXTIL BANK Coitroruiiorr. Notos in circulation.. .. £166,60] Bills In circulation .. .. 8.980 Doposits.notbcArfnglnterost 221,660 Do., bealing Interest .. 489,991 Total liabilities .. .. 831,61)3 Coln.189,816 Bullion . 117,289 Lrnilod proiicrtj .. .. 40,000 Douta duo to the bank .. 713,061 Total assets. 1,116,891 LOHDOU CnAnTBRHD BANK. Notes in circulation.. Rills In circulation .. Deposits, bearing Interest Do,, not bearing Interest Total liabilities Coln . Bullion Landed property Dobts due to the bank Total assets .. .. £116,951 7,104 161,131 271,118 760,831 219,95il 89,087 64,400 1,052,810 1,393,984 £79,551 1,253 886.817 290,100 717,207 151,071 14,697 4 4,792 O2B,tl0 1,100,007 £131,(70 18,823 £05,100 647,7« 003,638 148 194 126,093 40,000 783.8S8 1,169,070 £93,048 8,083 210,413 283,245 623,797 1416,142 28,909 63,837 1,170.842 1,380,187 EKOLISQ, SCOTTISH, ixp AUSTHALUH CnAnTHitn» BANK. Notes in circulation .. £30,26] Deposita, bearing Interest .. 107,607 Do,, not bearing interest .. 99,616 Total liabilities .. ..' I06,(i( Coln . 104,066 Bullion .. 10,8)5 Lauded property .. .. 25,229 Debts due to tho bank .. 410,515 Total assets. 663,393 NATIONAL BAKE or ADATIUMÎIA. Notes In circulation Bills m circulation Deposits, not bearing Interest Do,, bearing interest Total liabilities .. Coln. Bullion . Landod property Deuts duo to the bank Totlll OBHOtB. £94,200 86,082 180,626 170 370 620,475 «0,603 ¡6,690 17,102 Kims 652,762 £40,220 183,572 101,260 825,651 43,8(4 7,039 21,319 009,066 695,000 £95,680 4,911 169,861 214.852 518 706 69.770 86 92) 27,118 679.492 752,051 Turning to the now year.wo find that the total shipments of gold since its commencement have amounted to 4U.262 ounces, of wbich 28,186 ounces wero the prodnce of Victoria, and 21,006 ounces were transhipments from Nt¡w Zealand. Tho vessels on the berth have been few, and the opportunities for Bhipment not of a character to call for much exertion. The Great Britain will sail on the 27th with a quantity, wbich will bring tho shipments up very considerably. The shipment« during the corresponding period of tbo year 18(H amounted to 120,1)83 ounces, consisting of | 117,068 ounces of Victorian gold, and 12.315 ounces the produce of Kew Zuulnud, In the following table, the quantities of gold brought into Melbourne weekly by» the «ooria are giron buparately for the various I un il -I ' I "M I |i*HiI| "j | ilM.î1 í Í a __3a__S"__-3__-ïa2_3_>iï«;_a_ S¿ o * Sf3*_-_.-Sa«05Ä_'-Sa---<_-3__4-.*«« tu 3 "S Ooî. 80 - 717 - »51 2807 «270 1006 - - 8118 - - - - - - - - «3 «8 7SI 614 Í9B - - 7M - 151,510 O ROT. 8 BU - 2485 3721 - 53- U10 147. 1892 0O8O 7W lit- U!9 1440 1165 2098 8S0 1170 _- - __- 416*9 - 72« 42,090 S Nor. It - 786 - -57 S77 1563 8- - - 8617 - - - - - - - - (301 lil» 1061* 526 1550 2749 - «04 - 21,637 a Nor. S0 S880 - l5»o S682 - 646. 16Î2 1811 1472 4800 1«S0 1165 981 U8S t72 S6S5 865 ÍT- - - - - - - K*8 - 436 M.ilU fi -VÛT. Î7 - 983 - 1709 2577 att- 7« - - SOO« - - - - - - - - 4B2 621 698 747 il 10 2S67 - «81 - 29,175 Ja Dea i t«7î - ¡aer _Ma - *ut soo tan UM etws i*S8 usa nu ttes 897 inso oies sio - - - - - - «serr - ¿07 sä,«-7 "." Dec 11 - SIS - 31-I eSO »lil SSS - - «I5SS - - - - - - - - «Oé. 1688 T7« 6-, 82° 2»5 - «S - 22,811 g Dec. l8 1845 - 167Ó 1168 - «MK)S 781 1421 1S95 *8t8 USt 2028 t378 2-9 lil« 1880 «Je» 261 - - - - - - - - 652 55,057 * Doe. 28 - - - t»S6 1654 «.! but - - I6S6 - - - - - - - - 689 498 889 «S- 964 2106 - «39 - 17.7SÜ o" /an. 1 140S - Ï881 1967 - 1878 6*4 JliO 11« 6101 1414 1348 1818 «47 90S 2610 788 4SI - - - - - - 4766 - 780 85,613 .3 J»n. 8 - - - 1114 - Î64« 918 - -Jen» -------- 681 1789 658 «74 874 791 - 767 - 18,857 S 1 Jan l8 8969 - 1Í73 4071 - 7914 341 148S 1716 SHi l»0i 610 8») 4998 167» «l8 M5 1*1 - - - - - - - - »11 »9,859 T J. Jan. M - - - IÍ-3 2086 ««-S 7e» - - 4083 - - -> - - - - - M1 MO 6U 60S 772 McO - BU - SO.ISO ?_JS -*6»,167 Tbe following is a list of tho gold shlpi which havo «ailed hence since the 1st of November, with the quantities and the des- tinations stated separately : Hale of Ballilla. Ship. Destination. Onnoes. IW Jan. .off »Ik .. Balclutha Haul of Judah ., Oa'cluth».. Water Nymph .. Ouisrl'irhs R»»U»t<r»,. «lant'n Oiuxway Worga Wonga ., ItesuH Madras Rnngatlra.. Berwickshire lm«ex Oocald M'Kay ., Wonga Wanga ., Star of Peace Northam ., (Jreat Victoria . Glenoie ,. E-ser SJCalHsnee ;.. Morarían .. Wonga Wonga 4 aircourt.. London .. Sydniiy .. 'London .. Sydney .. ¡London .. [Condon .. Hydnoy .. Loudon ., ¡Vdney .. LVndon .. Point de Galla . [Sjdnov .. Hong Kong Conilon ,. Loudon .. Nydney .. Ljiidon .. I Point de Qaila. Llverpoul Bong Hong London .. London .. Loudon .. , Sydney .. London .. 28 809 7,858 1,214 10.Ï41 11,963 17,8» 7,912 6,103 150 21,142 92,144 1«,119 9,518 11,919 4,61! 7,61S 18,801 95,881 18,151 8,406 18,240 11,706 4|248 4,801 ».W7 'lue following table givcB the Importa and «qiortfl at the port of Melbourne for tho first two week» of the year, as compared with tho correppondlng week« of 1863 : Week ">dlnB I 1801. | ISO!. I 1803 lui [turu. Kxuorn. 170,408 433,710 395,417 897,8*4 523,601 101,63s I 000,2171 798,111 ! filfl.saal SS7.737 The following ia a statement of the trafilo returns of the victorian Government HUM of railway, of tho Melbourne and HobKon'a Bay Railway, and of the Melbourne Companys line (late the Melbourne and Suburban line), for the month of December : - Pas- sengers. Ssrsrmnent lines Utlbotirne and| Eobson'a Bay.. Ittlbourn* Co.'i. s. dJ £ i. Al [26,263 9 8,83,622 & s.d. 48,789,10 6 8,875 0 7| 2,112 910) 4,78110 91 - ' «,81810 6 4,714 19 2 The following is a statement of the stocks of nil dutiable articles in bond at Mel- bourne on the Slat January ¡-Brandy, 6,677 hhda. 86,021 cases ; rum, 903J hhda. 1,037 oases ; geneva, 22 hhds., 143,073 red caaes, 3,952 green case* ; whiskey, 1,106 hhda. 2l,885ca8ca; gin, sweetened, llaj linds. 8,758 caseB ; cordials, 1.126 case« ; Bpirits of wine, 192J hhda. ; other spirits, 123j hhds. 8,868 caaes ; wine, 4,933 hhds. 12,059 cases ; beer, 6,381 hhdf. 7,739 coses aud cusltB ; tobacco, rrtauufoo turcd, 126 hnlf-tiorcos, 861 quarter- tiurcea aud kee». 6,046 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 2,137 case«; do, unmanufactured, 144 hhda. and callen, 13 cases, 2,686 hales and buadloa ; cigare, 777 cases; snuff, 64 package« ; tea, 19,801 cbo»ts. 27,808 half- ohest«, 21,744 boxes; malt, 1,819 bags ¡ coffee, 690 bag*, 187 tiorcos and casks, 202 barrels; sugar, Mauritius, 66151 bags; do., Manilla, tfl'J2 baga; do., Java, 658 hags; other, 1P4.222 bags, 242 casks; molasses, 172 hhds.; chicory, 627 packages ; opium, prepared. 2,158 lb. ; do, unprepared, 775 lb. ; dried truita, 4,299 packages ; hopa, 100 pocket?, 11 bale«; ric«, 12,265 bags, 7 barrels; colonial spirits, 1,677 hhds. Since the departure of tho last mail for England, tho following salt« of station pro Seitics have been ellectrd ¡-Louth, near lamilton, with about (3,000 Bheep, and 1.181 aerea of freehold and leasfid lund, for £6,601); St. Jainea'fl Station, on tho Murray, without stock, for £6,000; Warrenbayne Station, in the Benalla district, with 7,500 sheep «nd 040 aeren of puichnwd land, to Messrs lDalgefcy and Co., for £9,000 cash ; the ninnomon^ee Station in Gipps Land, with 2,000 head of cattle, 640 sere« of land, and improvements, to Mr. W. DiuraveH ; and Boort Station, with 040 acres of purchased land, 200 head of cattle-, and 28,000 sheep, for the sum of £40,600. EXPORT8 At the Port of Melbourne from the 19th December, 1863, to 16th January, 1864, com purvd with the corresponding period of 18623. Agricultural Im- plement* ., alkali-Boda, tonal Aullmuuyore, do Apparel and slops Arms and ammu- nition .. .. Arrow oot, lb. .. A6| lmlto, tons .. Bags and Backs .. Bark, tons Biiur Bottled, pals. .. Draught, do. .. Biscuit, tens Blick Band, tons.. Blankots aud wool lons .. ., Bvues, tons Bouka .. ., Boots and shoes.. Bran, bushels .. Bricks, Ko. Brushware Building materials! Butter, tona Candle», do. Canvas .. Carpeting; Carnatros, oarts,| ka. Casks, empty Cement .. Cheese, ton* CHoory .. Chlnawaro Coals, tons Coioa said ehoeo-| lau, lb... Coir fibre.. Codos Confectionary Copper, tons Copperwaie Cordage, tons Taino«. lset-s. Í07! M77 880' 1,1001 998 4111 1,11* 2,787 119 80 150 1,108 1,006 SO J 990 20 1,889 281 . 8061 8351 18414. a, eos 178 810 8,218 IO« 20 «9 2,103 70 Ï.8M S,94« 8M 1,105 185 106 1,84» i,*lS| 69» 60] 2,118 81 «5 1,2» 9Ü 12 8} l,lf Quantities. 1.S88 8,100 20 1,780 6,8001 4,018! q - W 1 7,000 10,500 21 140 t>-_>tt_-. Oork Cottons .. Outlory Drapery .. Drugs Driii-T-t«?" wara. Bat-thenwu-e Bv«a «fancy gooda Toit Flub jaited, ton- . Pre«erred riour, ton« Fruit Dried .. Oreen, binihela. Furniture Cottles .. Plate .. Oil-«ware.. Bold, ounce« Oral Barley, buihe.li ]-te-ia and peas, do. Halt, do. Maize, do. Oatt, do. Ric- .. Srindery .. Ha-arda-h«try Hardware aad Ironmongery . Hau and cap» . Ha;, ton«.. Hides, Mo. Ilullowax* Hopa Horn, and boo-. Hoalery ., lutfl--bbe r «food» In-run-mu Uu-ual.. (*_«_-__ Iron a_d steal, tom Jewollery.. Kaolin, tona _e*d, do. Le*-1er, do. Leather Lime, bo-i«l« Liutu Lira -took-. Bird* .. Cattle, Mo. Boga Goat«, Ko. UK», do. Poultry., lionio«, Na. Sbeep, do. Uachinery Mate hesandree tas Kubla .. Kata and raga .. keal Cor-, tona Oat, do. Mota], yellow, do. UUlinery 111-ella-eor_ .. Uiilasae* .. ÏUphtl]» and cam? phlns, gala Maila and -raw«, tona Nu Or. Oils, gal-.. Oilmen'» store» .. Onion.s tona Pailita Paintings and en HT-TllifTI Paperhatiginga .. Pcifu-lory Photographic ¡aoûti .. Pitch and tar Pipes, toba«-o . Plant- and needa. Plato and platod ware Plumb«ini* -ware . Potatoes, tona . Preaurrea.. Printing nuterlali Provisi ona Preserved Salted, tona lUtr«, ion» IUUi-i; mater nenin Saddlery .. karo, lb. .. Salt, tor-i.. _Uipi_tandisty .. Silks .. .. Ski» Slat«», No. Soap, tons Specie, sold .¡mci-tens of-ata ral History Spilt«/, tons Spices Spirit» liraiidj-.. Oordlt-S Oin Porfumod Bam .. Whiskey Und eora-iod .. Starch and bine.. 8Utlouery Stan!, tons Stoue *are Surar Talloir, tons T«ploi-., lb. Tea ... Telita and ta- paulin* .. Timber .. Tin. Tinware .. Tobacco .. Gig--8 .. Tobar«-inlat. ware Toola and _ten_li Toys and turner; Turpentine and van-ah, gala. Twine «ud thread Vlnff/ar, gala. tVat'li«- _ eloo-i Wino Woollenware Wool, lb... Zinc, toni.. 1,850] I,_9ti 4,00d 181,074 2,4 «,41 18,290 6,»-Sf 6,06i 003 I,05«l 2,16*4 aon Bit] ?» lBr) IfitM 10,801 1,818 8,18-! 106 10,808 1,717 128 488 165 40 8,188 147 858,987 220 8,491 S34 7,991 31,183 ; 2,727 I«,«« _4 1,$BS\ _al 4,00; ;,80fl - tt,s«0 8,4S8 un 1.14C 174 81H 410,247 632 I MELBOUBNE WHOLESALE PEICE8 CURRENT. The ArguSjOfBce, Saturday Evsnlnf, Tho departure of Iks last overland mall was followed by the Christmas and New Year's fenlvitle«, which, with stock-taking-, balancing accounts, &c;, cotuuned the greater part of thi first fortnight of the non y*u. Bunine*! re- opened with considerable activity in many blanches towards the middle of the month, and some extenritve speculative movement) let In. Sugars wert largely bought up, and rates rapidly advanced. Flour, owing to light slocks and th« reports of exten- sive injury to the srops from the late and heavy rains, rapidly advanced. Candi«« atti acted «attentbn, and, indeed, for ai.j description of imported go ds, the btiiciH of which were becoming moderat«, a disposition to purchase wat «bown, and the import market became buoyant. As, howerrr, day after day pmed, aud no Intelligence of the overdue mall carne to hand, a focluig of doubt over ahudowod the market«, and speculative purchases de- clined. The arrival cf tbo mall has tiona much to revive the activa ftollng, and although there has not yet been time enough for th« adruioa to have bad much Influence on prices, tbe comparatively small in- crease in the amount of shipments made, and the high rates ruling for money lu the home market«, lura (¡lion a fl mer tone. Country trade ha» mach Im- proved r.urlng the monto, and ordirs are oomlng In from the aérerai mining districts, with more regu- larity than has been observable for a long time patt. The New Zealand diggings appear to have los} their attraction. The departure« bene« for all port» ara unusually light. Tne return« from tbs various gold-fields are very steady, and altogether th» trade of the colmiy aipears to be atiuinlng a settled cordltion, no failure« of any consequonce have oc- curred. Credit ii managed with greater car», and confidence la established. With tuena remarks, we proceed to givo more detailed particulars of the vari.u» leading article« of general consumption : Ale and porter lu bulk have been lu very limited demand, aud a dlip.-alllon on the part of holden to realize has bee« followed by dtollnlng price«, vrhloh, ln.w.-vor, have not led to any lncreato In sales. By auction, considerable parcels have boen cleared off at v»iy low figure«, and aven the best brandi aro dull of Bale at quotations. Bottled beer«, arriving; in good condition, have met vi-ry tolerably ready sale al steady prices; but Inferior descriptluns are dlfhoolt of dis- posal at even low prlcos. Quotation« ara a» follow : Ale and Porter (duty paid).-Ale-New Browory Co., Carllnle, £fl 10«. to £7 ; Bass's new No. 8, £510a. ; Allsopp'«, £5 6s. ; other Horton brewers', £5 ; Joule'«, £0tu £6 IO«, per hhd.; Tennent'«, £5; Byass'«, bot- tled, 0». Gd. ; London and Colonial Oo.'s, 9s. to 9i, Bil. ; Allsopp'«, 9s. 6d. to 0s. Od. ; other bottlers', 8a. ed. to 0«. Btont.-Bent-brands, £5 6». to £515s. ; other brewers, £5 per hhd. ; Dublin stout, bottled, 0s. to 9s. 6d. ; Byau't, 8«. Od. to 9s. ; Loudon and Colonial Company's, 9s. ; Barclay's, bottled by Frlond, quarts, 9a, Sd. ; other bottler«', 7s. 6d. to 8». 8d. per dosen. Bacon ant ham« havo been in moderato inquiry, clili fly for shipment, and prices have allghtly declined. Tho mail advice« of very light supplies to the Kew Zealand markets, has imoariod more spirit to the market, and holders of Sinclair's and Goer's hams and bacon a<e aiklng HJd. to 16d. per lb. respectively. Quotations are:- Yorkshire or Wiltshire hams, 120. to 12}d ; Irish (Sinclair's), Mid. to 160,; Coey's, 1(1 to l4$d. ; Kowan'«, hellion (bacon), 18d. to 18J-t. ; Sin- clair's, ISM. to 14d. ; Waring's, lijd. ; and Mof fatt's, 12Jd. per lb. ; pork (Irish), £5 to £5 6s. per barrel ; beef, £816a to £1 per tierce. Bugs and Bagging.-Cornsaoks have continued In active demand, and the fe« loti offering have bran readily placed at from l8« Od. to 19«. par dozen. The «mall uhlpments announced have, ho «ever, further advanced prier-s, asd hilders of good three-buihol sicks' are asking from 50s. to 21«. per dosen. Tne advanci d season cantes a cessation in the inquiry for wonl|iaoVs, which remain nominally at 0«. to 6s. 3d. i wh fur full-weight packr. Gunnies are in fair Inquiry, rd trcm 11«. Od. to l8*. Od. per doten. Butter has been eiitlrely noglected; the very favour- able Beaton haa kopt on an amolo supply of green food, andiboiupplies of ficnh butter have been »tuple fur local requirement, at m M1orate prices ; and, as at this union uf theyrar there Is no prosper!, of any falling ? If of tvdder, imported butter eta only find a market for export. The cxtmrnoly short supply forwarded to New Z-aland haa, however, imparted a better feeling, uni nuldera are to-da) asking lid. per lb. for newiy lauded parcels of doublo-roae Ours, which previously wai only saleable lu traill lots, at Hld. por lb. > Cat di»* have i emalned dull, and ataoït unnoticed, «arti the last weer, > when a demand tor tho Sydney ?uri»* ernest« sn unproved Inquiry, and priées > hare gradually improved. The home IntelUgeao* Is oon sicoíed favourable, and > sales ol Behn mu are reported tu-day at irem 10W. tJ lOJd. per lb. Light > waight, ol firerlim make, hare been ei.onitrelj placed at (ion 8d. to 8id. > por lb. Tile agents fur tho Neva Woiks, howeoer, still quote their p io« at > lid. par lb. Late arrivals tri m Kmtcrdetn havo augmented the stock. Canva« is In but little Inquiry, and beat nary, as turttxl numbers, li still quoted at from 131. to 121d. per yard. Cement of all kinds remains dull cf sale. .Portland it quoted al from Its. to ¡5s ; Boram, 18s. to lil, ; and American planer, 17a. to 18s. pur barrel. Cheese remains without change In price. Primo lota r.f Euglbh fliid roady sale al from 121d. to 13d. per lb., but inferior sorts are difficult of sale Irrespea tiro of price. O-.ffoo and chicory, as is usual at this season of tbe year, are of limited salo. Holders aro firm la price*, and appear ludliposed to sell under full quotation«. The Marlun has arrired' to-day from Colomba, but there is no probability r.f har cargo boll g f jroed on tho m-rket. Quo allons are-Ceylon plantation, 131 ; native, lOJ-i tulOfi ; Jara. Hu. to lad. por lb, duty paid. Chiuiiry, bail sort», 3rd. to 3J1 per lb. Confectionery. - Local niauufaotured has almost snporseded the denwnd for Imported sorts, which are oouimquently uf slow sale. Bott assorted aro not saleablo at abor« lOJd to lid. per lo. Candled peel U also In lessened Inquiry alnoo Christinas, and not readily placeo ai »bore i2Jd. to 12}d. par lb. Corúa*«.-Manilla rope nas boes In more Inquiry, and aalea to some extent hare beon eff acted at from £48 10s. to £60 per ton for aaurted sinos. O thor de- scriptions of rope are In no demand, and dull of saU at quotations. Seaming twine orotluuos la good inquiry, and finds reaay puicaasera at 14J4. per lb. Quotations are-Europe rops, £30 to £33 ; Manilla (lui. to 4in.), £48 10s. te £61 ; Eusaian, £37 to £40 ; saicutta unes, £41 to £42 per ten ; twluo, seaming and roping, Hid. per lb Drug* and ohemloalB hare scarcely undergone any change to note. Opium has boon In but modorate Inquiry, and price« are unaltend. Soda crystal«can- not bo quoted at shore £9 6s. to £9 104. per toa In Kuall caaks, and lu limited demand at orea that rate. butor oil la unaltered, and is liniltsd Inquiry. Car- bonato of soda and lartiwic acid dull o( sale, and flour of sulphur In Tory limited iuq.lry. Quotations are Flour of sulphur, 17«. Od. to 18s, per cwt. ; carbo- nate of Boda, IBs. per cwt. ; castor oil, 6s. «d. to 5s. ed. per gallon; sea* crystals, £9 6s. to £0 10s. ; caustic soda, £18 to £18 10a. ; soda aih, £10; sul- phuric ade:, 4d. per lb. ; opium, l'atna, £240 to £260 per chest ; prepared, 33s. to 839. Od. per canistor duty paid. Flan (dried and lalted).-Demand Is by no means brisk, and with the excrptlon uf parcels of Ung of prime quality sales are difficult to effect. Quotations aro :-Ling, of prime quality, 4 Jd, to 4}d. ; herring), white, 8s 6d. to.9a. per drain, 23s. per half-barrol; red, 30s. to Sis. per dosen two-dozon tins ; mackorel, di. pet half-kit. Flour, Grain, ¿io.-Tho ur.farourablo reports of tho result of the harvest In some of tho agricultor»! dis- tricts, coupled with the almoBt entire absence of stocks in the country, hare created a strong sprcutatiro feel li g In wheat and flour, and stocka haro centred In a fowham.Bat advancoa prices. Tho South Australian growers hare found markots for their cereal produce In various directions nut hitherto furnished by them, and the usual ample early shipments from that market not having oome to hand, speculation has ensued, and prices bare rapidly run up, with, fruin all appear- ance«, over) prospectorproeoni support. TboSantligo, from San Francisco, has brought a small BUuply of wboat, -which has been undor otter, but tbo tale, we heilere, has not boen concluded. Ouo voiaol only, the Trieste, was reportod as loading thoro for the Austra- lian oolonlos with grain, and if the rumours as to the injury inflicted on uur wheat crops prura reliable, the advanced price« uf flour and wheat will bo likely to bo maintained for some Lime to como. Adelaide flour of bett brai.da is, at the olose of the market to-day, worth £1610s. to £17 per ton, and wheat, ii to hand, would And buyers at from 7s. to 7s. 3J. per bushel. Oats ate outer. Tho Santiago brlugs a largo supply, aiid a decline on present quotations is generally an- ticipated. Barley is dull of salo. Maze in but mo- dorate inquiry, but rather firmer In prlco. Bran, for shipment, has beon In good inquiry, but the ample feed prevailing checks its sale for local me, and not above Is. 8d. per bushel ia obtainable. The parcel of gram last to baud baa been placed privately at, it is reported, about £11 per ton, the exict price not having tranaplred. Quotations are, lu tho state of the market, difficult to give comely. Flour is, how- ever, quoted at from £16 to £17 per 2,0001b. . Wheat, 7a to 7a Id. per bushel. Oats, colonial, 52. to Cs. 2d. ; Irish and Scotch, 4s. to 4>. 3d. ; Danish, i% 0d. Barley, malting, 4s. Sa. to £i. 8d. Maize, ds. Od. to 4s. 7d. per busnel. Grain, £12 per ton. Bran, IB. 8J. pur bushai. Colonial oatmeal, £23 por ton. Fruits (dried).-Table sorts have boen lu tolerably steady demand, owing, In s jme measure, to the in- jury sustained by the heavy rains on our rlponlng crop*. Fresh sorts are, however, now comm; for- ward abundantly, and at low prices, and a con- sequent decline lo the demand tor dried sorte can only rsasonabiy bs looked for. Pudding raisins and cur- rant* kars sinos Christmas boen in leu demand, and prion* havs alackeeea ; the report by the mall ol shon shipment* of the latter having bson made has created a better feeling to-day, and from 4Jd. to Sd. per lb. li at*«], but whether obtainable seems doubtfu1. Quotations are-Fruits (dried) : Apples, OJd. to 7d. ; currants, 4Jd. to Sd ; Muscatel raisins (layers), Sd. : Cape ralslcs, Old. to 6Jd. ; Elomo, fljd. to 7d. ; Sultana, yd. to 7}d. ; Turkey figs, Od. per lb., duly paid ; almonds, lid. to lSd. per lb. Hop«.-There has boee a moro active Inquiry, and sales to some amount have been «fltoted, but at prices »bowing no Improvement on late rates. The Urn arrivals cf the growth of 1808 brougnt 2s. 2d. per lb., but succeeding parcels ranged from Is. lid. to Is, 7d. per lb., duty palo. 1802'fl are not saleable at more than Is. Id. to la Sd. ; and old growth are difficult of sal* at eren Tory low figures. Malt has lomowhat alacksued in dennnd ; prime simples have, howerei, found tolerably ready salo. Prloea for blot rule from 9s, to 9s. Sd., and a trifle higher for smaller paroels. Metal».-Corrugated Iron I« purchasable at rathol satler rate*. Pig Iron baa beon In improved domand, and sal«* reported at £4 per ton. Sheet lead and «too dull of sale, and other descrip- tion* in limited Inquiry at unaltered values. Metala-Morewood's patent corrugated galvanized tinned, 24 and 20 gauges, £53 to £33 10s. per ton ; Morewood's eorrugateo galvanized, No. 2, or mi tinned, £84 do. ; Tuppsi's do., £34 do. ; Hamilton's oi othsc English maker'*, £32 to £33 do. ; Scotch, £28 te £19 do. ; Morewood's galvanised tinned plain, 2£ and 28 gauges, £36 do. ; Tupper1« or other English maker's, £34 to £38 do. ; Sootch do., £28 to £80 do. ; red and bar, btst Staffordshire brand», BBII, £1( to £11 do., Scotch, £0 do. ; plate, £13 do. ; sheet, «wort«d, £14 to £18 do. ; angle and T, £13 do. ; hoop, £12 do. ; pig, £4 do. ; Swedish, no sales. Lead, -Pip«, assorted sixes, £27 per ton ; sheot, inlllod, toorted, £20 to £28 10s. do. ; shot, assorted, £80. Steal-Blister, S.% fis. per cwt. ; east, £210a. do. Tin-Block, Is. Od. to Is. Dd. por lb. ; plates, charcoal, IC, plates, charcoal, IX, 17} to 20 por cent, advance Wire-Fencing, black, £14 per ton; galvanized, Hoi, 1 to 0, £18 to £20 do. Zinc-Rolled, light, £49 ti £29 10s. per ton ; do., nails, £2 8s. to £2 10s. pel cwt. Oilmen's Store«.-The plentiful supplies of freil fruit« have caused a decline in tho inquiry for bottled sorts and jams, tho pilcos of both of which havo de din«]. Pickles have boen in rather more Inquiry and vinegar In better requoBt. Sardines, salmon, and lobsters nave been in more plentiful supply, and to effect sales reduced prices have been submitted to Quotations are :-Bluo, thumb, 9d. por lb. ; currj powder, quarts, 12s. Cd. to 18s. per dozen ; fruits, bottled, quarts, 12s. 6d. do. ; jams and jellie«, lib. tin« 10s. to 10s. Od. do. ; lobsters, lib. tins, American, 7s do. ; macaroni, 8d. per lb. ; vermicelli, white, Naple and Genoa, 8}d. do. ; tnnstai'd, in balk, No. 8, 7Jd. ti 7 Jd. do. ; do., In lib. bottles, 11s. to 12s. per dozen ; do. I, Jib. bottle«, 7s. Gd. do. ; oyster«, preserved, lib. tins 10«. to 10s. Sd. per dozen ; pickles, pints, 7s. to 8s. do. isJad oil, pints, Ila. Cd. to 12t. per dozen ; do., half pints, «a. 9d. to 7a. do. ; salmon, preserved, lib. tins lös. to 17s. do. ; sardines, halves, 9s. do. ; quarter« 0i. do. ; sauces, assorted, half-pints, Oi. do. ; do., Wor cratmhlre (Lea and Perrin'«), 12s. to 12a. Od.do. ; »tard (Dolman's), 4}d. por lb. ; vinegar, brown (Champion' ti), in. to 2s. 3d. per gallon; do., concentrated quarts, 9«. 6d- to Ms. per doxen ; whito wine, Is. Od to Is. Sd. per gallon. Oils.-Colza continues very scarce. Chinase is sill ef ready sale, at fully quoted prices. Linseed has im proved In demand, ard sells in equal proportions o raw and boiled, at 6a. Od. to 8s. lOd. por galon. Ii kerosene no improvement can bo noied, best brand ?ot being worth more then 8s. 4d. per gallon, li quantities. Quotation* are : -Kerosene, of bes biaud», 8s. Id. to 3«. Ed. ; linseed, 5s. Cd. to tis. Oblnese, 5s. Cd. ; Oolta, none offorlng ; turpentine 10«. Od. to Ils. per gallon. Faints and colours remain dull of sale, and scarce!; any Inquiry, Best white lead is quoted at from 84s to 80s ; red lead, 23a to 28a. per cwt. Pitch and tar are of limited sale, at unaltered figure! Sttokbolxn tar is quoted at 84s. per barrel ; plteh, 80i per barrel. Powder has been purchaied to some eousidorabl extent, and, being lu few hand«, has boon held for ad vanood price*. For best brandBof blasting sorts Od p«r lb. has been paid, and sellers decline a lowe figure. Quicksilver has been but little Inquired for, and th limited sales effected have not realized above Is. lid to 9s- per lb. Bice.-Pilcos are well sustained, but sales are cor fined to trade requirements, purchasers bdog unwll lug to buy to any extent at presont prices. Th Pactole, from Calcutta, has added some 0,600 bags t the stock on hand, but the parcel is not likely t come Into competition with previon» holden, supplie being, It Is reported, to be held for the same rate! Quotation* aro-Pama, £24 ; Java, dressed, £27 pe ton. Salt has been dull of sale. Speculative offers hav baan reported, bul at too low figures to losd to tram ««lions. Ihe report of declared amount of shipment received by the mall ha* strengthened holden, an lhere are no sellers cf coarse at the market's clot under £8 los. per ton. Fino is quoted at £5 pi ton. Slate« have been in no request, and prices havo n rnalned at almixt nominal quotations. By euct'oi hswerer, a sale hw been effected giving the followlu quotations :-Duches«, £15 10a., aud Countess, £1 10s. per 1,000. Bplnt«.-The market throughout tho month ha remained dull, and without any appearance of am-nc ment. Sales of all descriptions bare been cooli ned t »mall orders, and even a disposition-on the part i holder* to meet buyers' views has not boen responde to. Stocks aro largo ; consumption appoars deere* Ing, and any prospost of amended prlco* hop leas. Branole« ol best brands are the only sorts null talnlng quota'ion«, low and mixlog kinds being di pored of at almost any figures. Bum has boen som what freely shipped to Auckland for a marke tv hlakey has been In very little Inquiry. Old tom, I cue, baa ali,btly Improved In demand, and, heil chiefly in the hands of one Ann, is well held. O nova moves i ff steadily, and, despite of heavy stock and constantly occurring heavy ahlpinonta, stead! maintain» its price. Quotations are:-Spirits ( bond).-Brandy-MartelPs, ,d*rk, 8s lOd. to Oa pale, Oa. to Sa. 0d. per gallon ; Henne«ry*a de 8B. Od ; pule, le«, esr gallon ; Ourd's, 8s. OJ. to S do ; United Vineyard Proprietors' Oompany's do., E Od. : Champagne Vlueyard Proprietors' Company'« de Ba, 3d. to 8>. 6d. ; pale, 9s. ; Vluogrowers', 8s. t ) 8«. 8 do. ; Leger Frere«', 8s. d«. ; other brands, do , 6«. to 3 9d. do. ; pale, Hennessy'«, 27s. 0 L to 29s. per do* case ; do.. United Vii ojard Proprietors', 24«. 64. to 2Í do.;Vinegiower«',2l« to24s.do.;UhampagnoVlneya Proprietors' Company's, 24a. to ids. do.; Leger Frere 22«. to 23s. do. ; Clouzeau's, ]8s to 19s. do. Geneva JDKZ, or key brand, 9«. 6d. to 10s. per case ; do., d 6«. Od. to Oi. Uri. per half-cue ; do., other brands, 8«. Od. to 8«. per case. Him- London old tom, n««t brands, is. lOd. to 8a. per gallen ; do., do, Iii. ,s*r dcceul Bum-East India, SO to SO o.p., Is. ed. U ti. 3d. pergalluu ; West India, 10 to 12 o.p.,2«. 8d.t« 8s. do. ; do., KO to SO o.p., S«. 3d. to Sa. SJ. da. Whiskey-Irlih, Mohan'«, 8s. Od. do. ; «notch, bast, 8a. Od do. ; do., best brands, Ila. Od. to 12«. Od. par denn case. Sugars.-The roports of the advanced rates ruling 1st the bi me marker,, and the Improved prices atalas rltius, from whence our market derivos Its chief SUB. pit*«, have induced a strong speculative feeling la th« market, and prieta have run up until a larg» advane« on the previously low ruling rate« baa boen procured. The obief sales saving boen privately made, onreit quotations can scarcely be slven, but tho prices of actual «ale« have transpired at £44 for good counter sort« of Mauritius; yellow crystals, £40; and white £41; Madras, white, £61 ; Oosslpore, No. 1, £68, and No. 2, £65 per ton, duty paid. The small cargo of sugar« from Natal, the first forwaided to Ulla mukot, was al>o privately plaoed yesterday, and reported at fall rates. Toa.-Messrs. Everard and Oo. report of this mukst: -"The airlval« from China Include the fallow- ing:-At Melbonrno, December 28, Weatmlmter, from Hong Kong ; January 6, Tchernaya, from Hong Kong ; January ti. Brilliant, from Foo CJhow ; Janu- ary 11, Balda, from Macao. At Sydney, December!}, Barnswarh, fn m foo Chow. At Adelaide, Docomoer 20, Jessie Beazley, from Foo Gnow. Since sailed for Molbourno, Luitlana, on Docembor 30. The arrivals havli g boen hewy ah co our lasr, a great disposition haB been «bown to puth oft toa, which ha« resulted In a decided dccllDO on low qualities, and very uneven «ale« In 0 her descriptions. For Instance, sale« have bot>n made of congou at li. 2d., 1«. -40., ami la. ljd.,for wblch Is ed.and 1«. 7d. was obtainable durlns; the same wooli, and which would now roallso thess latter quotation«. We mention those exceptional sales to prevent ml'oonception In onr quotations, as ws consider the value of all congou over very good common to bave fully maintained provlous ques- tions, with the few exceptions named. In fact, wo do not see anything to warrant lower priors for good to Uno congou, as our importation« of thaw grade« h»ve been far from heavy during the season. Th« amount of builness transacted during tho month has been very large, which includes a public auction of one cargo sold without reserve The public auciloui havebton:-January 8-601 paokagos, per Ueaud«r, sold with all fault« at very low rate» ; January 19 1,078 packages damaged, per Juno, sold with all faults at from 8d. to Is. SJd. per lb. ter congou, and Is. lOJd. for scen'ed oranpe pekoe ; January 11- 700 package«, por Lajard, chlefli Canton hyajnskln, wnich sold at from 2Jd to 4¡¡d. ; halt-choals congou, at 10J. ; and 186: boxes scented orange pekje, at Is to Is. 6d. Januarv l8-The residue of tho cargo por Zepliyrm, wurt offered, but only twenty chest] sold publicly, afterwards eight small chops, from good comoon flavory to Ftkoo flavoured with swooijtb, at pries» wblch closely agree with quotations and without alteration In taluo. January 14-6301 paokagea were tried at auodon, being the cargo of the Ismyr and the ro-iouo of tbo Mirando, both from Macao and Hong Kong-tho greater portion wore printed te be sold without reserve-realizing tbo fibowlug rates:-037 half-chests ordinary congou, Foochow loaf, at lOd. ta- ll Jd ; 2,100 half chosit low Macao prepared Tayshao, at Od. to lid ; 600 bo J CB high burnt Sjuolung, at Is. 3d. to la. 8jd ; 800 boxes Canton make of punpowdor, at Is. 8d. to Is. SJd. ; 100 bozos long black Canton make scented orango pikoe, at 2s. to 2s. OJil. ; and per Miranda, 30J boxes pouchoog, at 9d ; and 100 half-cheats congou, high-burnt, Macao Imitation kvaon, at la. 2Jd Afterwards, privately, 1,000 bslf chests of sluillitr tea to the last; also the damaged congous per Isiryr, at Old. to 9d. January 20.- ïbo cargo of tho Brilliant ned the residue of tho Fidelio were trlod-nono «old publicly, but alterward« considerable sales wore made ; lOJil. was obtained for ordinary congou, In li»lf-chiata; the othor sorts sold were at mich unoven rates that woabstain from quoting. Black Tea«.-A very extensivo business has beau douo durlrg the month in moit deicrlptlon» of congou, but tho kinds cbitlly pressed on tho market have bteu the lowest grades, which have>suffered considerably In consequonco ; the lowest Bales wo have hoard of have been at Od. for low Macao prepared Ta] shans, and lOd. for Foochow leaf. Good ordluary congous haveso.il at Is. latterly, being Id. under prêt loua rates ; and, with the exceptions quoted above, all other descrip- tions of congou romain as last month, with a fair tr»de buiintss doing. Scanted Orange Pekoe.-We do not alter quotations. Thora is a fair domand at previous ruling rates. Green Teas.-Canton kinds are again slightly easier ; other kinds without altera- tion. Compared wita last month, wo Cud a decline of Id. to 2d. per lb. on vory ordinary to good congou ; Id. to 1}4. on all kinds of Canton greesB." Timber continuos very duli of sale, and priées quite without snioi dmene Two arrivals from Quebeo and East Port (U.S.) havo tended to further depress the markot during the last fuw days. Domand con- tinues inactive, and purchasos limited to trade re- quirements. Quotations are :-Deals, red, 9x3, 3Jd. to 35d. ; American lumber, Hu., t. and g., £8161 te A8 17s. Od ; clear pine, ljin. to Bin., £12 16s. to £14; lin. shelving, £9 15'. to £10 per 1,000ft. ; Oregon Umber, square, £8 17s. 6d. to t.7 2s. 6d. Tobacoo.-Tee spoculatlvo purchases of this article have been temporarily suspended by the protraoted absence of the mall steamer, and although sereral considerable parcels have boon submitted to the trade by auction, no sales of any amount have re > suited ; prices aro however firm, and holders of good parcels of course unwilling to coll undor full nflo»». TenB, Northern, aro worth abaut la 9d. to 2s. Od, and Southern, 2s. 4d. to 2s. 9d. ; Barratt'« twist, 61. 4d. to 6s. Od; aromatic, 8s. 8d. to is. fid. per lb., in bond. Wines «re largely over-supplied and very doll of sale. The varlablo and unseasonable weather hat been unfavourable for summer wines, aud the largely- Increasing use of co'onlal made nines ma- terially influences the consumption of Imported sorts. MELBOURNE MARKETS. SATUBDAY, JAN. 23, TUB MILLS.-Tho demand for flour continuel un- abated, and an excoodlngly brisk trade is consequently doing. Quotations aro :-Fine Bilk-dressed flour, £2» per 2,0001b. ; bran, In. 84. per bushol ; oatmeal, £U par ton ; wheat scarce, and worth 7s. to 7s. &U; per bushel. EBTAIL If AB.B.BT8 -Batchers' Moat-Beef, 4d. to ti. per lb.; mutton, SJd. to Sid. do. (according to quality); voal, 7d. to 8d. do.; pork, 8Jd. to 9d. do. Poultry. Turkeys, 9s. to l8«, each ; geese, 12s. tolls, per pair; ducks, Cs. ed. to 7s. öd. do ; fowls, 6s. ed. to On. ed. do. ; raoblta, Is, to 6«. per brace ; butter, froah, lid. to Is. 2d. per lb. ; cheese, 1B. to is. Id. do. ; eggs, 2s. Sd. to 2s. ed. per dozen; bread, Od. the lib. loaf; milk, Od. to 7ti. per quart. HAT MABKST.-Messrs. Butler and Miss supply the following report:-"Tne quantity of inferior hay coming io market has had the tendency te affect the valus of even pilme samples, which were lately quitted at a reduction of 10s. to 16s. per ton ; no reaction will prubably be sustained until ploughing oommwiOM generally. We have sold-Boat hay, £7 to £8 ; inferior and second sort«, £3 to £C 10a. ; straw, £5 to £4." Mr. James Foatjii's report Is as follows:-"Th* market has been crowded with stained and Inferior bay, and although we have submitted to prices purely nominal, have neen unable to clear all off. Best hay has eenie In more freoly, and prices aro soaroely a« Arm. Quotations as follow:-BoBt ,hay, £7 to £S 10s ;lrforior, what can be got; straw, £2. 10s. lo £3 10s." EAHTBRie HARKET.-Thoie was a large supply of garden produce in the market this morning, and a brisk bmiress done at priées almiar to tnose uhtalned last week, as follows :- Vegetables.-Beans, broad, Id. per lb. ; do, kidney, lid. per lb. ; beet, Od. per dozon; bouquocs, 4i. to 9s. por dozen; cab- bages, ed. to 2J. ed. per dozen; carrots, 6j. to is. 8d. per dozen bunches ; cauliflowers, Is. to Sa. Eer dozen; watercress, M. to Is. per dozen ui chea ; ouunnbors, priekly, 2s. to 4B. per doson ; do long spine, 6«. to 10s. per dozen; garlic, id. per lb. ; horseradish, 2s. 0J. to 8s per dozen sticks ; lavonder, Is. perdoz»n bunclirs ; lettuco, 8d. to Is. per dozon ; marjoram, 8d. por dozon bunches ; mint, 8d. per dozen bunches ; onions, dr ed, 7a. to 10«. per cm ; do., green, Od to Od. por dozen bunches ; parsley, Is. to l8. Od. per dozon buuehes ; parsnips. Is. to la. 3d. per dozen bunches ; peas, lid. to Ijd. per lb. ; potatoes, young, 6s to 0*. per ont. ; raílshos, Id. to tid. per doze« bunches ; rhubarb, la to 3s. per dozin bunches; saga, Is. per dozen bunahos ; thyms, Od. to 9d. per dozen bunches ; turnips, Od. to Is. Ed. per dozen bunches ; vegotablo marrows, 1B. to Is. ed. per dozen. Fruits.-Almonds, 3d. to Id. per lb. ; apples. Id. to 8d. per lb ; apricots, 3d. to la ed. per dozen ; cherries, ii. per lb, ; Aga, Od. to 1B. 0d. per dozen ; mulberries, Od. to Is. per lb.; peaches, Od. to 3 J. per dozon ; pear«, Id. to Id. per lb, ; plums, 8d. to Od. per lb. ; raspberries, Is. per lb. ; strawberries, la. ed. per lb. Dalry Produce.-Butter, lOd. to 1«. per ib. ; ohoese, 80. to lOd. per lb. ; ducks, 61. to 6«. Od. per pair ; eggs, 1«. Od. to Is. fld. per dozen ; geose, 8s. to 10s. per pair; liens, 8s. Od. to 4s. 01.<por pair; honey, Od. per lb. ; rabbits, 2s. to 4s. per pair; suck- ing pigs, lilt, each ; turkeys, 16s. to 25s. por pair ; hams, Is. 4d. per lb. ; bacon, la. ia. per lb. WOOL, TALLOW, HIDES, &C-Messrs.; J. H. Clough and Ou. furnish the subjoined report :-" Wool. fjlnoe our last report per northam the Melbourne wool season has been at its height, and the activity then reported baa been more than fahy sustained. Buyors have displayod a disposition te operate in all Instances, ana whero the limit of the grower has been anything like the value of the artiol« eales have been effected. Although it has bsea rather difficult to induce some of the producers to rolax tlmlr domar ds, yet, considering the quantity effired, there has been a full amount of basins* transected. Some llttlo difficulty han been expe- rienced in obtalnlog freight at a time whon the great bulk of the wool came Inte town together, which, of course, was owing to ino unsettled state of the weather in the early part of the season, and the retardment of shearing operations ; and al- though thero was a prospect of freights being propor- tionately high, and a disposition manifested Itself on the part of shipowners to demand advanced rate«, we have not hearo of any instances in which they have been paid. The Madras, with the November English malls on boara, was not telegraphed ai harlogarrlred at King George's Sound until the afternoon of the 21st instant, and as the usual sales had been post- poned dut lug the previous week ou account of her non-arrival, a further postponement of our sale on that day was reade in consequence of this an- nouncement, buyers dealring to placo themselves lu poasoislon of their home advices before ope- rating further. The consequence has been that the auction rates of the month have been oom mensuratoly small, while the rates obtained have boen fully equal to those of last month. 1» private tales the market has boon decidedly brisk, and some very largo pareóla oí «ell- condltloned wool have In this wat licon satisfactorily placed. We quote fleece wool* from 16d. to 23d, scoured from l81. to 24d., scoured lamb»' from 201 to 27a., and gre» y 7d tolSd. We have notât pressnt had any oppor- tunity of observing that the new« received of the home market haa altered the views of either buyeri or groducci-B, The Customs clearances of the melin ave been as follow:-Wesk ending Dec 29, 186t, S90,SUlb., value £Bï,103 ; Jan 2, 1884,1,060,0»*., £72,172; Jan. 9, l,039,66Slo., «.76,037 ; J«. 16, 1,800,802, £133,760 Toial,4,29t,193lb.,value £314,001. Add prevlou« shipments fro» Oat. 17 to Dei. 19. 1603, 0,016,5271b., value £477,332 ; mating a t.tal of I0,007,725lb., value£791,400. Thofollowlngshlpsbavo cleared with wool since our last report:-Deo J», 1808, Calliance (Geelong), 2,616; Jan. 4, 18S4, £*is, 2,190; Jan. 8, Mediator, 3 876; Jan. IS, Mo-avinn, 3,172; Jan. 16, Maico Tolo (Geelong), 4,034 ; Jan. IB, Aglnoourl.2 ROO. Total 17-04S bale«. Tallow.-There Is veiy little doing In the tallow jaajket this month. Shipment« bare been mad« a_at- intlreiy o« owner»' amount, uri on'y Tory «stall parcels -vre chañad hand«, anil tb-o at prie« lower than onr la«t month's qnotit ona Wo qaoto ketf and nixed at from £27 co CVl pur ton, and ?ration at fn m £31 io j-15. Tbo follotrttur «bim kata cleared with tatiow aine« our lu. report :-J«uiu srjre, --er, 115c>__; January 8, Maulalor,Dido.; January l8, -loiavian, 26 do ; Januiry IS, Maroo felo (QcelonSf), 172 do ; January 16, «Ijmoouri, 60 do. Total, 471 auk«. Uli!«»-Gonai.-*!)- inquiry baa been made for hides Jurlnc the pant mon'.ri, and lo inoat ínstanos curan hare bean collect-£ them at «bent »mo rote» a« our laut quotation!. bhipme.it> ar« now going on toaoonBldirableextent ; and the Moravian cloned on the 13th ioct. with 14,444 hi lea tri 1,146 calf«-ins. Sheepskins.-A modérât« quin »Hy of »boepsti-_ hare bean sold fir uhlpment, at rate« from id to 7«* Meit-, Oul.abri.u_b and Co., tvoort an tallows : " * ool.-Since our report of lhe 24 h Deoombar, a total of 19,103 balea have been out.-lt'.o.l to pubilo «empetltlem at the auction »alee In Holbourne and «eílong, of wbtth quantity about 9.0..0 bal«- har« Ven s-id The priu- obt- Iiiablo Ust month har« keen tolerably well ii-tained, but the quanti-y dla p-ed of li not near io large a« would havo been the cue could owners have been Induced to stUilitly low.r their limite Towards tbe due date of ibu January »all .O-fidcnt that tbe favourable news expeut-d would impart a firmer tone to the market, and this pre- vailed far eoveral days, during which time but lltilo bueincBs waa transac-el -io overdue nail _st->uier, however, «»vorely tested tne 5»llenen of Krowera, consequently a »ile ira.« till a« our waiehouuH on the ->trt Inst, at which, ent of a total ol 0,8"0 bales offerrd, about 1 »JO were «Mild, at ratea previously ohimmblo. -ince the r«-Ipi ol Ergiiib advi-ee on the 22nd Ina-, Tory little has been done in the w»y tf tah«, but we eau venture te piodict that no advance will he obtained, a- the >.-» received ia much leas favourable tiin wa. »ntl ei|.aUd The expected risa «-fid. to ljd pir pound attbtiNovtmbereaie« in Lo arion, oi the strong-i of witch buy«- have been operating, ha« barely Mea ri ali-Hl.be, although at the common-ment of the «wiles price« did rire to that extent and a shade more, Iho «Ir-nce was nut maintain«-, »»id ut the date rf our latest advice«, bal »ub'lilod to 1«1. tu ljd over the cloning ratee of August. Thu folio»mp »bips have cleared for England ai-M our ls»t aip-maiy :-1E63-Dec. 80, Great Vi-orla, from llelbourno io Liverpool, 3,444 bil- ; Dec 30, C«lli»r>e>>, from Qeo'oug to Londou, 2,66). 1804 Jan. 8 lied-tor, front Mel li urno to London, 3,676 ; Jan. l8, Moravian, from Melbourno to London, 8,172 ; Jan. 16, Agincourt, from Mell-urne to London, 2,800; Jan. 15, Maia-i Polo, from Geelong to Lindon, 4.r)34 halen. Total, 10,191 bale«. Frevlou« shipments, 18 8-I bales, lot-I from October 25 to date, 62,683 bal-. Prices Current - Greasy- Inferl««r to ordinary, 7«. to Bel. ; ordinary to avers.«-, 61 ti to 10J_ ; good to eaptrior, lid. to Is. Id Fleece-I«,fe«lor to ordinary, la Bil. to la. 5d. ; ordinary to avérai;«, Is 6d to la. id ; good to auparior, la 9_ to It. lid. Sioured -ominary, le. 4d. to la. Id. ; (rood, Is 8d toi«. 10iL ; superior, 2a. to 2a Ed. Hide«-Since our last report there haa bren no chvige in this market price being telerably well »ustalued at raies then quoted. The IUd Rover will aa Glendower will oo ininin loading Irr.midUtely. Good w.t-aalted, in shipping oider, are worth 10- to lie. cash. Tallow.-During the whole of the month tbe tallow market has continued dull, but wt h very limited Inquiry either tor eolonial u« or ahlpmeut -eural parcels have been »hipped on o->nera'acc mut, «M bul ern do not »eel- dupojed to operate, unie- at loner rates than those no-cu«rent. Wo quote : Beef, £29 to £32 per ton ; mixed, ¡ÉSO io £33 per t «n ; mutton, i-3 to £35 por ton. Shipments during tbe month are :-Per Groat Victoria, 295 oaaki ; .Mediator, 89 mat- ; Moravian, 25 ruase ; Agincourt, e» eitlen; Maroo Polo, 172 cr»ki. Total, 661oaska.n Ile-ia Cunlughama and Macredie report:-" TIio long expected mail liai at length arrived, and the «.wa of Iho wool market Is not so eneouragk_ at , «nany expected. Our «orrmponi-nts writ«, u», ou -Ilk *Kov_aber, tbat ' prices al the «ommooeement of the November nalas advauoed Id to 1«J- per Ib., and that, though the attendance of buyers bad Blackened a little, that advance waa being nuliitalnod.' It would appiai, however, tbat alter that dale tho pre-uro in the money market increased, a', d that pi is« rowded. The political aspect ol Europa was mixt warllk«, and tee general tenor of ihe-e laat advicos ought oertünly ta -oiler-e the It1 CM of the g'owre ; but, on tb« .tfatr band, it la aUted ' that, from the clraira-c« mad« by -iildare i f old woola, It waa generally balUv"I 'hat »tr eke would be oomplotely exhamted, and the trad« «alle ready for the new clip to be offered in JiVch.'" L-BO«H M-KX-r -The extensive dom-ind which has latter'} rxlatcd in the «grlcullural di trlerta for narrest werk hu now oaaaed, and the inquiry for farming man is much redueod, other farm Occupations not kavlrgjet commenoe-. Married coup;« ara In good requeit for the «ounwy, thoa« without} nun? tamille« being preferred. Male dementi em are a' III lu >e--eely aiy lrquiry, and beyond tb« engagement of a few mon ««ok« fur . untry Inna, walters, and groo«na, but few have f<-_d en.ploy-ant. Thorrmghly competent female servants are much wauttd, aud iho" enabled te «.Ive r-pectablo references «a to ch««ac"r and swilly, can romilly procure situations at full ri-s of wage«. Young women nuaceun m«-I to service are k-readily employed, but »bon engaged, ob-aln pro- portionately high wage. The following are the pri- sent rates paying:-Housekeepers, £40 ; colts, £30 to £40 ; nnrnm, £80 ; nurseglrla, £16 to £20 ; general servant«, £28 to £30 per ann«-t; giris for general service, 6a. to t* per week ; married couple«, £65 to £70 per annum ; ooachmen and groonu, 20«. to 23d. ; wsl-r«, 26i. to 30a ; barmen, 20». per woek ; farming den, lit. 6d. to 20a per« week with ratloua. S«*-»-'« wage* ooininne at the late advaue-d r-es of £6 per month for distant, ans* £4 to £410a for onutlig v«yages. Able temnen are, however, offtring muoh »ore freely than of late, and the supply is now nearly ««.«ki to lhe demand. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE, ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. IB, umtali ; A., Amerioan ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; I'., French ; Oh., Chilian; P., Portuguese; H., Hamburg; N., Norwegian ; 8, Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian; »ehr., Belgian ; Cr., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; It., Kiuwlan ; s., ship; b., barque; br., brig; se, schooner; at., steamer.] Dec ARRIVED. 28 Australian, B s.S., 810, A. O. Pande, Rangoon. Tlrlmw, White, and Co M. Retolute, B. s.S., 120, J. Deane, London.-Cap Win. 28\. Thor. W. House, A. «., 744, Q. M. Lane, Boston. \- Osborn, Onahirg, and Oo. 9«. Thomas Fletcher, A. a, 040, N..W. Bowie, Paget Bound.- Oaplsin. H Xsiher, F. b , 800, L. Gefflott, Newcastle.-Bligh and Harbutt!«. 21 Melanie, F. a, 898, J. T. Le Lionnals, Calcutta. Rea« and Spowers. 10\. Orinno, F. b., 842, L, Joubert, Marseilles. Joike Brothers. VI. Westmlniter, B. s., 781, C. Pickering, Hong Irmg -Ko»f Meng and Oo. 37\. «l«nshe», B. b . 41ft, Q. P. Steve as, Batavia. Anderson and M*r>hall. St. Tiitorla, B.M.O. s a, 7 ¡OOM, TV. H. Kerman,', a «nix M. Sulftsnre. B. *., 1,200,11 B, Mayhow, London. W. P. White ant" Oo. 88\. Otto, Da b , 288, N. O. Gronnebelk, Mauritius. H»tlge and Pr»ll. XL Oeueral Havelock. B b., 831, W. Smart, Mar- seilles -Joske B'rUers. 31\. Torick, B a, 1,402, R. Moore, London.-M Oui loch, Sellar, and Co, 1864. Jan. 1\. Eurynome, B. .., 1,153, J. Hounssll, Liverpool. Smi-h, St-acban, aod Co. I. Mayntte, F. b., 277, P. Oogrel, Singapore.-Hs«g« and P oil. 5\. Kllesmere, B. b., 178, T. Armson, Mauritius.-De Pa*» Brother* and Co. X Jan Hendrick, D. h" 470, J. Selyvelt, Manilla. Proat, Kohler, and On 9\. Otago, B «.«., 016, W. Smith, London.-Charla» Levis and Oo. 4\. Jeannie Oswald, B. b, 212, J. Devine, Sourabaya. — Young and Martin. 8\. Benares, B. a, 832, Q. Baird, London.-Jam** Hrrity and Co ' ä. Rtd Rover, B. »., 1,0>2 tons, B. Lewthwait«, Lou- don -Do Pas* Brethir« and Co C Adoln, fl br., 840 O P. Syolund, Mauritius. Gibba, Ronald, and Co. «. Trebolgan, R a, 1,171, W. Hamilton, London. Bricht BIT there and On. e. Tchrrnay», B * , 1,222, H. H. Gibbs, Hong Kong. -Kong Meng and Co 6\. Brilliant, B. se., 80S, T. Walksr, Foo Chow. Rirley and Co. t. Kwctuako, B. «., 1,192, O. Stuart, London. Dalgety and Co. li. Penola, B. «.a, MO. John J. Legg, Glasgow. Crise, Sumner, and Co II. Balder, S. br., 288, O. M. SJoberg, Haoao.-J. J. Marshall and Co. IL Congune, B. sa, 98. a. 8. Fllnar, Port Nasal. Holme«, White, and Co. 10\. Shalimar, B. H , 1,000, R M. Deighton, Liverpool -Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. IX Fetbcb, Da. b., 888, J. Hartman, Manilla.-Vlo toria fugar Company. If. «reat Australia, B «, 1,000, W. Hmollle, Liver ponl.-Bright Brother« and Co. M. Chatsworth, B. a, 1,037, R- Tackar, Loadon. Br It ht Brother* and Co. It. Isis, H I. M 8 , four guns, T. Booton, Biurbon. It. Glendower, B v., 1.S80, E. Danean, London. Michaeli«, Boyd, sad Co. 14\. Ati.trall*, B a, 802, P. Leigh, Manilla.-Ylitorl Ungar Company. 1«. Clodlsn.B. »..480, O. Phillips, Dundee.-Anlas .?nan-* Mai shall. It. 0!ir\ sollt*. B. a, 1,130, P. Borrie, London. H«fniw, White, and Oo. 16\. Alardeen, B. s., 1,210, J. Col«, Boston.-Newe andOo. IT. Wallal», B. a, 1,820, K. S. Corry, Llrerpoo!. L»rtmer, atarnood and Co. 17\. T. E. Bo»d, B. b., 277, K J. Stock, BrlitoL Brlgbt Brothers and Oo. . ». Kftgnsher, A. a, 1,103, W. Freeman, Jan., Bin Harinear.-S. de Beer. 9». Landtbowoih, B a. 1,001. O. Jene«, Port Cha wer* -Bright Brothers and Oo. «*X Union, a su, 107, A. Bissett, Quebec.-Brigl Bro-bera and Co I 9L Santltgo, *.. a, 4SI, J. Hawson, Ban Franoiieo - Calender and Co. ' ti, St. Albans, B s., 1,105, H. Pike, Eastport, U.S. R. Towns and Oo. !L Ferrandez, F. b., 414, M. ChaJgneau, Bordeaux. Cnrderand Adni &X; Tee* J«, F. » , COO, E. Allaiue, OalcutU.-Pros Kehler, and Cn. 9*. »aro* Von Pa'landt von Roiendaal, D. b., 740, i Hnrgstratten, Rotterdam - OUre Brothers au Oo. 28, Madras, B. as, 600, g. A. Grainger, Point/ Oelii.-J. Sparke«. 21 Kjet, B »., 1.000, F. Anderson, London.-W. 1 White and Co. » Fimnnsa, B b., 890, J. Beaton, Mauritius. Joasna Brotbors. 91 Marino, B b., 182, D. Fleming, Ool«mbo.< W. nicholson and Co. CLEARED OUT. .e«. 9*. Australian, B. s.S., 810, A. C. Dando, Auckland. Holme«, White, and Co. JO. «later» B. i., 718, J, S. Hulton, Hong Kong. P. Graham. * * 80\. Great Vittoria, B. s.S. 1,807, J. Tritt, IarsrpooL Brlgli t Brothers aai Oo. 30\. Baltimore, D. k, 602, Q. B. Brak-S, Akyab. Joshua Grot-ers. 31\. Carotin«, 8. b., 676, J W. »em«--ie_»e, Lanri eiston.-Gibb , -< mid, and Oo. 31\. Oriam-, P. b., 843, I«. Joubsrt, Sydney.-Joaki Dr.ithtj-e. 3L Kosljn, A. >«, 337, W. It. Tamer, Danedle. Hnege and Prell. 81\. Vanguard, B. a«, 1,803, H. Corrie, Oallao.-Bright Brothers and Oo. 1864. Jan. Ï. Es-ex, B. «., 1,042, J. J. Attwood, London - If. P. "ft hite «nd Or. 2\. Fearnought, B s., 1,803, .7. H. Jonoi, Bvng^on. -Lorimer, Marwood, anfl O. 4\. Lau.il, B. b., 620, A. M'Lean, Akyab.-Bright Brother» anil OJ. fi. Marla G-mbr.Il, B. b" »75, W. A. MOM, for Sin l/apoi- -8, Towns and Cn. 6\. Blaik Hawk, A. s. 1,10ft, T. Donna, San Fran-irx>. -Di keon, Williams, a d Oi. 6\. Wildflower, B b., 460, H. Geddes, Akyab. Miller and Johnston. 6\. Otago, B. s.S., 647, W. Smith, New Stealand. Charles Lewi« and Oo. 6\. Oamtnodoro Pcrrj, B. s., 2,017, D. Owen, Otaatf. -Brit ht Brother« and Ob. 6\. IdPh Smith, B. br., 171, O. 8. Watti, Adelaide. \- R. and P. Turnbull and Oo. 7\. Krimpen van der I-k, D. b., 601, U. O. -otgan», Guam.-Holme». White, and Ce. 8 Aurora,' B. s , 1,155, J. H'Oiel, Akyab.-Fisher, Ricard«, and Oo. 8\. Mediator, B. s., 1,069, T. Stewart, London.-D« Pass Brothers and Oo. 9\. Juno, H b., 824, _. _ckmann, Newe-tie - M'Culloch, Sellar, and Oo 0\. Otto, B. b, 238, N. E. Gronnebaech, Guim. Haetre and Prell 9\. Borda, B. a, 1,881, J. T. Bragg, Otago,-Brlgb*. Bro hera and Oo. 11\. Eleonore, S br, 180, J. A. Brockmanu, Inveronr gltl -Schlosteln and Co. 11\. bayard, B. br, 171, J. Crook, Newsis-e.-Bright Brothers and O. 13\. Atlantic, B. s, 743, J. Tarns, Akyab.-Jos"-it Brother». l8. Gler.il-««, B. b., 317, G. P. Stetanj, Newoastl«. J Paterson. l8. Mar>bor«-gh, B. a, 1,007, _. Daviss, Otago. Bright Brothers ato Oo. l8. Moravian, B. »., 967, Vf. Edwards, Loudon. Dalgety and Oo. 14\. Meander, B b, 877, B, Harvey, Swan River. -Holm« and Russell. 16, Camden, B, br., 185, J. Cumming«, Guam.-5. B. Gn ora. 16\. Cath-rine, B. b., 418, Vf. J. Lowe.BataTls-Hay- ward and Oo 16\. Aelneourt, B. «, ti», S. W. Paris, Loado-.-VT. P. White and Oo. 16\. Gre« hound B. t., 1,410, J. Jaakioa, Oaloattn. Lorimer, Mar««-, and C>. l8. Bendrlrk Ido Ambacht, D. a, M2, I_ By], Dun-din.-Captain. !«. Ex« du», B «., 1,111, J. Williams, Akyab. Michaeli«, Boyd, and C«. 20\. Caron, S. I., 962, P. voa Mater«, Akyab. Oaptuln. 28\. Brederode, D. b., 166, L. Krnymal, Batar!». Victoria Sugar Co. S3. Madras, B. s.i., 606, 8. A- Grainger, Sydney.-J. Sparkes. WOOL SHIPS SAILED SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. Great Tictorla B«sex Calliance .. Mt ¿lalor .. Moravian .. Afrlncourt.. Marco Polo Liverpool 1-nnde.i .. London .. I-munn .. London .. Locd'in .. London .. 8144 tura 2618 3676 3171 2300 4034 PASSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND BY, AND SINCE THE DEPARTURE OF, THE DECEMBER MAIL. DEC. 26. Northam, R.M.S. S . for Point de Galle. - Melbourne Mr. Lanarch, for King George's Sound ; Mr. and Mrs Barker and child, and Mr. Paterson, for Point de Galle. DEC. 31. Great Victoria, for Liverpool. - Mrs. Godfrey, and Messrs. Levy, Benjamin, Landells, and Wm. Knight, in the saloon. JAN. 2. Essex, for London. - Cabin : Dr. and Mrs. Ridley, Dr. Hayward, Mrs. Hayward, and family ; Miss Bruce, Mrs. and Master Renwick, Mr. and Mrs. Phillips and family ; Mr. and Mrs. Anderson, family, and servant ; Mr. Jas. Murray, Mr. Wm. Murray, Mr. Boulby, Mr. J. Gill, Mr. Gould, Mr. and Mrs. Meeres, Mr. A. H. James, Mr. Alexander ; and fifty nine in the second and third cabins. JAN. 18. Moravian, for London - Mr. and Mrs. Cheetham and two children, Miss Montgomery, Mrs. Austin and child, and Messrs. Wren and McMillan, in the cabin. 