MISCELLANEOUS. One is not quite sure whether tbe Prince of Wale*, at a Guards' dinner, did dnnk a par ticularly unpleasant future to, the Germans whn AIM invHf^incr liis nrtfA1* fjat.}if»i**a tm»*itn»taa ? but it B3em« inpsj; probable, as official journals are so emphatic in contradicting the story. I am sorry to add. that the distress of the amiable Prinoeia at the state of things in Denmark is eaid to be most painful, and that she can never speak of the subject without tears. Her Royal Highness has been at Sit Leonard'*, with tbe Prince and the infant^ Albert Victor, Duke of Cornwall, ^ suppose, one of the#e days. Tho Prince h unts gallantly, and got a heavy fall t\p ojher day -, but, never theleas, va» well up at the death. The Qaeen is at Windsor, and we have notification that her medica,! men forbid her oppearing at public ceremonials, and I need not say that this is a matter of sorrow to ull her subject*. Lord Palmerston was declared by the divorce Judge to leave the Oourt with a per fectly unspotted reputation. The fellow O'Kane abandoned his petition, and did. ao in a way worthy of his evident dirtiness of character. Tbe Zoological G-rdenp in tbe Begent'a Park if sufficient! v ^supplied, with MM 9( evjl odour, but Usiv AuiiraJiaa collection requires a skuhk, ' Mr.' I O'Kane'a address may probably bo obtained from tho advertising attorney who conducted his. case. Enough of an offensive topic to say that the Viscount was cheered to the echo by both side* of the House when he entered after, the hearing. : / ; The Queen has given orders for the appoint* ment of Mnjor-Genenl Duncan 'Alexander Cameron, O.U. (haviiig the local 'rank of Licutcnant-General while in command of tbe troops in New Zealand), to be an Ordinary Member of the Military Division of the Second Clas«, or Knights Commanders of the Most Honourable Order of tho Bath. ? ? At the recent B.A. commencement at Cam* bridge, Mr. J. J. Stuckey, of St. John's College, obtained the position of fifth wrangler. This gentleman won distinction in early life at the Adel.jite Collegiate Schrol, from whence he camo to England to complete his studies at the earnest solicitation of many friends of that establishment. Being by uirth a native of the colony, the high mathematical honours which he has obtained will be a source of satisfaction to those interested in South Australian educa tion, and it is to be hoped that in hit future career, which is understood to be that of law, he will realize a continued success. The Armstrong gun was severely condemned by Captain Fishbourne, R N., a few nighta »go. He read a paper at the Royal United Service Institution, in the course of which he epoke strongly against the gun as being unsuited particularly for naval warfare. Captain Heathe said that some of the defects complained of had been remedied, but Captain Fishbourne insisted that nothing had been done to make the weapon a really practicable) gun. Sir George Grey, in a letter to the Derby shire magistrates, stales that, with tlie concur rence of the Lord Chancellor, ho requested four medical gentlemen of great experience in mental diseases to examino into Townley's state of mind, and report thereupon. The report of these gentlemen appears to Sir George Grey conclusive as to Townley being of sound mind ; and, taking all the circuit stances of the case into consideration, Sip George has decided that tho capital sentence* should be commuted to penal Bemtuds for life. A number of Danish ladies living in Eng Isnd, with Mademoiselle de Bille at their head, havo formed themselves into a Committee for the purpose of raising a fund for tho rolief of the sick and wounded soldiers of tho Danifh. army, and also of their widows and orphans. There must be many to whom this announce ment will oiler the opportunity whioh ihoy havo been looking for of showing their sympathy with a gallant and kindred nation defending itself heroically against a most ua just attack. Lord Olanricarde also invokes the assistance of the Times 'in a cause of humanjty, and one which I think must excite t no deep sympathy of Englishmen and Eng. hshwomen— I mean the relief of the sick and wounded of tho Danish army now defending their country and their homes against the in vasion of an overwhelming foroe. Many persons with whom I havo communicated have expressed their rcadinoss to subscribe to and co operate in this work of benevolence, which I hope may receive your support aad affvooaoy. A Committee of Management is in course of formation.' The London Shakspeare Committee is close on dissolution. It has made a Btruegle for life, but tbe symptoms which set in a few weeks ago are now telling fatally. A meeting of the Sito and Monument Committees waa summoned a few days ago, but it was so wantily utteudod, and there was so little interest Bhown in the proceeding*, that nothing :an bo expeoted from it. Tho Gieen Park near Piccadilly, wo* generally considered tho best site for a monument. The only praotical thing that was done, howevor, was to pass a resolution referring tho question of holding ft publio meeting to tho Executive Com mittee, whioli, liko an argument in a circle, only brings them all round again to the point from which they started. In the moanwliile, it ia expected that the offending, members of the Executive will resign, and that the movement will diisolvo into thin air. This result it is to bo hoped will tako placo silently for the credit of tho country, Tho Stratford Shakspearo Comu»ittet- is carrying out it* objeota with untiring energy. An endowment fpr tho school, a monument, and a celebration are all likely to bo accomplished with liberality. A Memorial Committee, including some of the most distinguished lovers and patrons of ar», is in course of formation, and is expeoted Bhorllv to visit Stratford f.-» tlm ,,.,»^.« »r selecting a site. Advices received from Santiago, via Novr York, state that the Chilian Governmeat have deorted the entire demolition of tho remains of the Church of the Campania. About 1 700 of- tho burnt boiie* wore reoognisod, and botween 400 and 500 more weie found to be beyond recognition. At least 3,000 persons vtere in the church when tho fire broke out. In Murillo's picture of tho Immaculate Conception tho Virgin's foot wero on a crescent moon. It was the lighting a ronrjgeutation of this picture, which set flro to tho church. The United States Minister had sent a letter of condolence to tho Chilian Government, which had been replied to by the Foreign Secretary. All tho wealthy families of Chili reside in Santiago, and as theio is little immigration, nearly all tho, families are related to eaoh other. A boIoiqi. service for the victims of the catastropho waa about to be he'd in Lima, Peru. The eloclno telegraph now extends from 8t. Petersburg to Lake Baikal in Siberia. This year, it is expected, it will bo extended along tho Amoor River, whence it will bo stretched to the north-wost coast of the American con» tinent. It is now almost certain that before a- very long lime telegraphic messages will bo sent to New York.by way of Northern Europoj, Asia, and America, over 20,000 miles of tele graph wire. Leon de Klenz*, the architect, who carried the stjlo of anciont Italy into Bavaria, and recorded his recollections of Pnitum and Pompeii in the streets of Munich, died a few davs ago in Munish, at tho age of 80. The Frenoh Aoadcmy of Moral and Political Science has eleoted Mr. Chsdwick, of London, a corresponding member, in the place of Arch* bishop Whately, and is about to eleck'Mr. Grote in the pUee of Lord Macaulaj. The. Italian Cabinet Minister, Minghetti was also, elected. Hilo, one of the 8andwich Islands groBp. produced 10,000,000 lbs, of sugar hsf tear, one plantation alone netting 800,000,1b*. Atjstealun Ap*BAL8.—The Judicial Com mittee of the Privy Council sat on February 2. An appeal from Victoria, u Dill v. Murphy and Another,' was heard and dismissed. The Lords present were Lord Cran worth, Lord Chelmsford, and the Lords Justices Knight. Bruce, and Turner. In the sitting of Feb-. ruary 17, the Committee gave judgment in an, appeal from New South Wales, u Robertson, vfc Dumareique,' affirming tho decision oX th* Court below, with costs. Labge Fahtob in thb P. biotwo Tjudb. —Inn Levey & Robson.—Tuis case was heard in tho Bankruptcy Court, before Mr. Registrar. Murray, on February a Tbe bankrupi*, George Levey and Charles RobSon, were desenbed, aa printers and shippers, of 23. Great New- street, Fetter-lane. This was the first sitting. The statement of debts and lia bilities prepared by Messrs. JohssUme, Cooper, and Winkle is very heavy, m»d shows a total of £35,150, besides a few hundreds due from the separate estate of each partner. Tha bankrupt*, thus describe the caiue of their failures— 'Private speculations entered into by Mr, Frankljn, our late partner ia Australia^ witU the partnership asset*, which speculations, resulted in vey heavy, losses. The, foj, lowing are the largest creditors ;— Mssin». Burn & Lambert, Portmaa-stroet, Portman square, £4,627; Easton ACo.,Oliiswell-rtreet, £3,447; J. W. Crippa, Snow-hill, £1,007; Lepard & Smiths, ^ing-street, Oovent- garden, £1,291 ; Bobaon &, Co., OJifibrdVinn, £1,662 ; Spalding & Hodge, Drury-lane, £13,527 » Williams, Deacon, & Co., Birchinlane, £93^k Wrigley 4 Son, Budge-row, £1,166. Tha asset*, if well realized, will prove considerable, probably sufficient for a dividend of 15*. in. the pound. The plant, &c.;, in Better-lane, ia estimated at £3,500; good debts, £2,000 » print iig materials, &c.;,in Melbourne, £35,000. The estate lias been under inspection for several month*, but some ef the dissenting creditors having sued tha bankrupta, the matter was necessarily brought into , this Court. |t was stated that alter the choice of assignees, tho matter would bo again taken out of Court, under the provU lion* of tho 110th section.— An adjourned! Bitting for choice of assignees ytook place on, Monday, February 22, when Mr. 8argow$ took, objection to certain proofs, on tho ground that, there had been a partnership of Levey, Rob* son, &, Franklyn, und that the proofs cotdd nob be mado sgiitut tho estate of two of the part ners, unlesB it wero shown that the creditors had released the third. Mr. Lawrence said that Franklyn had retired in June, 1862, and the continuing partners had undertaken, re« taining possession of the partnership estate, to- liquidate the liabilities. At a meeting oi eredi* tors in Jjuly they had passed a speoial resolu* tipn, releasing Mr. Frankljn from lus liabili tveii XHtimately tbo matter stood ovjcr, and ft fitftfw adjournment took plaoe, . v 