TELEGRAPHIC. (FROM OUR TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENTS.) ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL. [The following was published in a Second Edition of the Courier last evening.] THE A. S. N. Company's steamer Alex- andria, with the English Mail to September 26, arrived at Glenelg at seven o'clock this morning. The R. M. S. Northam arrived at King George's Sound on the 6th instant, having left Point de Galle on the 23rd October. She was detained for thirty-six hours awaiting the arrival of a steamer from Cal- cutta, and left the next evening. Passengers for Sydney : Assistant Com- missary-General Armstrong, Messrs. Sherry, Small, Levick, Robertson, Charles Robin- son, and Connelly. GREAT BRITAIN. The Australian July mails were delivered in London on the 15th and 20th Septem- ber. Her Majesty the Queen is at Balmoral, and is enjoying very good health. The Prince and Princess of Wales ar- rived at Elsinore on September 6, and were very well received, notwithstanding the antipathy of the Danish people to England. The Crown Princess of Prussia gave birth to a son on September 15. The health of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle has considerably improved. One of the vacant Garters has been con- ferred on the Marquis of Lansdowne. Lord Palmerston continues to perform his official duties as actively as ever, not withstanding his great age. The Times has disclosed a plan in- tended to have been adopted by Russia in the event of England having gone to war on the Polish question. Instructions had been issued to the Russian Admiral on the American coast to despatch vessels for various places appointed as rendezvous ; there to hold themselves in readiness, in the event of war being declared, to bear down on the Australian colonies, Melbourne would be the first point of attack, then Hobart Town, and after that other colonial capi- tals. The ships were armed with 68 pounders, and were ordered to obtain rifled guns at New York. The convict question is still exciting much attention, and is generally discussed. A scheme has been ventilated by which Russia would be asked to take charge of our convicts in her Siberian possessions. The Elizabeth Bright and Golden City have sailed with immigrants for Queens- land. Captain Speke, who discovered the source of the Nile, accidentally shot him- self. The Emperor of Abysinia is keeping the British Consul in irons, because he delayed sending a favorable reply to the offer of marriage made by the Emperor to Queen Victoria. The owner of the ship Georgia has re- ceived instructions that the seizure must go before the American Prize Court, and defend his interest there. The shock of an earthquake has been felt in Cheshire. During the week in which it was felt, 47 wrecks along the coast were reported, making a total of 1255 during the present year. The Poor Law expenditure for the year ending March amounted to £6,527,000, being an increase on previous years of £450,000. The Victoria Cross has been conferred on Surgeons Manly, Temple, Lieutenant Picard, Ensign Down, and Drummer Stag hole, for their bravery in New Zealand. A new screw propeller has been invented, which averages four times the speed of the ordinary screw, with only an equal pres- sure of steam. The Home News discloses an unparalleled increase of crime. There have been several brutal murders and other serious offences in England. A frightful colliery explosion took place near North Shields. Eighteen men were killed, and many more wounded. The One Mile Champion Pedestrian Handicap Race was won by Brommel. The swimming match, two miles dis- tance, for the Champion Cup, was won by Gurr. The skiff race, for the Championship of the Tyne, between Chambers and Cooper, was won by the former. The great prize fight between Mace and Coburn, the American, is fixed to come off on October 4. There has been a great fire in London, by which a loss has been sustained to the extent of £100,000. Haberdashers' Hall was destroyed, and the street in which it stood was almost totally destroyed. Franz Muller, the supposed murderer of Mr. Briggs, was arrested in New York, and arrived in Liverpool on September 10. He pleaded not guilty of the crime, and the case has created great sensation. He was defended by the German Society, who stated their belief that he was innocent of the charge. Colonol McMurdo has retired from the inspectorship of volunteers. The Roxburgh Castle and Light Brigade have sailed with reinforcements for New Zealand. OBITUARY.—Mr. Walter Savage Lan- dor, Sir Charles Knightly, The Duke of Cleveland, Earl Cadogan, Viscountess Hardinge, Earl Morley, Sir Thomas C. Bright. CONTINENTAL. A Convention has been signed between England and the Porte for the purpose of working the telegraphic line through Asiatic Turkey to India. The Spanish Ministry have resigned, and a new Cabinet has been formed under Narvaez. The Government prosecution against the Press has been suspended. The Spanish war in St. Domingo is making very little progress. AMERICA. The British Government have despatched the Earl of Airlie to the United States, for the purpose of giving personal expression of their views on the present aspect of affairs, and to offer him- self to the Confederacy as a medium of communication between them and the British Government. News from New York to the 16th Sep- tember gives 224½ as the quotations in the money market, which is entirely unsettled. Atlanta has been evacuated by the Confederates, ami has been entered by the Federals. General Sherman is concentrating his forces there. Admiral Faragut has taken Fort Morgan. Generals Grant and Sherman have ap- plied for more men, and a draft is to be immediately enforced. The Richmond Enquirer says that peace can easily be brought about, to make a north and south nation, by establishing an offensive and defensive treaty, but with separate governments for domestic affairs. Mr. Seward, in a speech made at New York, declared that the salvation of the Union depended on the re-election of Pre- sident Lincoln. Several severe engagements have taken place between General Lee and General Grant. General McClellan has accepted the Chicago nomination, but declares that the Union must be preserved. His nomination has been repudiated by the peace democrats who intend to select another candidate. Mr. Fremont has withdrawn his candi- dature. Mr. Lincoln has received the support of the whole of the Republican party. On September 1st the Confederates at- tempted an assault, and sustained a loss of General Haygood and one thousand men. Several engagements have taken place, each party claiming the victory. The Federals remain in possession of the Weldon Railroad. General Lee's army was reinforced from Early's corps, so as to concentrale a heavy force for the purpose of attacking Grant's position on the left. General Sherman ordered all the white inhabitants to leave Atlanta, and arranged an armistice for the transfer to the Con- federate lines of those who refused to take the oath of allegiance to the Federals. JAPAN. Intelligence has been received of the complete success of the naval expedition to Simori Osaki. There was an action on September 5th, which, after lasting for three days, was terminated by the submis- mission of Prince Thossue, whose fort was destroyed. The squadron of the allies suffered very little indeed. 