\- 1 HE. TBANSE0JaTA.TI0JtLQOßSlI0N. J THE following latter bäs been'addressed'to the Tim's by oar respected/fellow, colonist,111 be Hob. »A, M Arthur} ; , '-TO -TUTS ÉbiTon os* THE 'TUCKS I -i I j Sin,-I hive earefally read the debate apon Sir George Gre»'« motion,far leaver lo introduce the Penal Servitude' Bill, es reported in year ilia« of Bridal, and Ihave alto read yoar artiole apon the aubjeot in tbe Time* of Salar day. I have wailed a day or two, boplnri that soma ablnt den might have been employed loadvooate:the eanae of the Eastern Colonies of Australia ¡bat. as il appears no-one baa volunteered to perform this unplaaiaot daly, I bops yod will allow ms to make a few remarks apon tbis wary important question. .'. ..«.*'' ia :;>,';>: \ Allow me in the first.plaea to observa that the Inbabi.. tanta of Eastern Australia, Tasmania,'-and Naw Zealand, are heartily obliged to yo« for tba' views yon' expressed and edvooated, witb reference to transporta lion to. Western Aaatralii. Yon say, you bays aright to bs baird for yon pointed ont at ono« tba «rave error the commissioners had committed, I i'm quite oerteio you will ba beard attentively,! and 'tbat any opinions you, express -will ba received' with deferenoe, and darry with them all tho weight to wbioh they.are joally entitled ; but I am equally certain that, every Australian' eon'-, n-cted with the free eel mies, who reads your article of Saturday,, will notice its ino nsieterioy, and dill r widely from von.in some of your conclusions. You - inform ns that " WeBtetn Australia must be from tbs very natl re of the case a sponge tobe periodically emptied into tbe Et.t ern colonies," and jet ;on acngtatalate us upon having gaioed n- complete,' and you' think most' gratifying triumph, beoauaa the Government have'-so far yielded to oar wishes aa to propose' to send oat' only .600 per annum ol tho greatest ruffians, in England'.instead of tome 130O or 1400, which it'appears weníd hive been tbs number seat had the recommendation, of, the oom missioners been- carried - out.- Truly, Ihii is 'a victory of wbioh we .ought, to be proud, and esrtsinly we ara . ¿ailed A upon to be tbsnklal for small ..me>oies. You l observe that a very Btrong feeling would certainly be excited in thia country, at any attempt at. dictation on the part of the oolooifiB, as to the manner in wbiob the. borne Government ought to dispose ; of its prisoners. No donbt there would, sad very properly io too ;,but there hsB not been,'nor will thero be. any attempt st dio'ation of- theklnd. All we ask is, and-wa tbink. it not an an. reasonable request, that England shall not continue to filter through tais sponge (which1 mast ba already very filthy), a mass of corruption esat oat by herself wbioh experlenoa proves ls oertaio.td find its way into tba free colonies, to pollute and contaminate our youth,- to fill our gaol-, our .lonnlio and benevolent asylums, and to exert a blighting ioflaenee,opon everything that is pure and lovely, and of good report amongst our population. Eastern Australians will also assuredly take exception to tbe language ussd, and to, the. sentiments expressed by some of tho honorable gentlemen who. took part in the debate on To ur sd sy evening,' and will not fail to discover' the. inconsistencies that are so apparent. Sir George Grey, in hia able address, informana that since transportation waa all but given.op, orims has greatly decreaied ; that the public have received considerable retorna, in the work done by . convicts, for tba expense inourred ; "Ibst the eora. ' misiionera could not. ba ve anticlnated th« extreme apprehensions a'nd alárm un/cti"ñá<íi no doubt to a great exttnt, wbiob bas been, experienced by Eastern Australis ; tbat tbe Government do not wisb to enter into a struggle with those colonie», to woubd tbeir feelings, or to lead them to suppose they are disregardful of tbeir interests, and, by way of proving all this, he proposes to , send only OOO oonviols per annum te oar shores, and , denieB our right to diotate either to ber Msjasty or to the inbibltatti of another oolony, a light wbioh -was never olaimed. lord Naos regre'.a I hot the reoommen ilation of the commissioners has not been oarried out, and that tbe Australians;for whom he bad a great respoo', had- not been- shown the weakness and fu'ility ol their argument, tbe endeavours to enlighten thSB9 ignoramuses at .the 'antipodes, «ho know the country by .a reference to tba mop of Ann ralf B, .nd the failures of certain exploring expeditions, while be either displays ., bis. ignorarías respiting the recent exploting expedition of the lamented Burke and Wills, . Landsborough,'.Stuart, and others which, have been so successful, or he willingly ignores them to serve a pur . pose, and goes on to state bia belief that lhere are hardly any instances worth mentioning in wbioh oonviots had escaped to other colonice, concluding .with tbe comfort- able assurance that the fears of tie colonials were groundless, «nd that no party wanted! to restore trans- portation, except to Western- Australia. Ur. Carr thought the ory raised in Australia wild and unreason- able, bat looking at Ibe matter from an.English point of view did not think tbere waa any great adviniese ia transportation, because it was difficult to nike oriminsls look apon it a's a punishment. , Mr. Eorter-que said tbe opposition was snob that the Government oould. not . make light of or dlsrsgsred.- it, that it- not only embraoed the nambira,' but- the property and intelligence of tbe ooloniès, and expressed not only a popular pre» judies,, bat a deep conviction. . Ha might bava added that lt exolled not only tba alarm and epprehi aiton rc» ferred to by himself and Slr George Gray, but that it also excited one universal expression of pity and of righteous indignation thron.hoot the length sad breadth of the land- of. pity, that Western Australia should by her'own avaricious and short-sighted polioy, deprive her- self ot all obanee of a healthy, free immigration-driven her best free inhabitants away, and greatly retará, il not . altogether, blight ber fairest pro'speota; and of indignant regret that e commission, oomponod of gentlemen ot snob high standing, oould so far forget the golden rule, " lo do tinto others ss they would have others do unto them," as to reoommenl that Eng and, which Mr. Newdegate re- minds us had- always tuen kindly disposed' towards tboBe whom abe 'looked upon in the light of har children - in tbs colonie», sfaou'd evince its fatherly regard fir ns by insnltiog as in the ' grossest manner, and by injirinej ns in' the most vital part. With regard to the o irrmisBinnern, I am fr e to admit tbs ex planations given by Sir George Qtaj and by Mr. Eorlesqrie, that they ware lo a great extent ignorant of the deep and strong feeling wbiob exists in the oo'ony upon1 this ¿ubj-ot. -Sir Jahn Pakington bas candidly acknowledged nis error and bas made use ot langnage which I-hope wIll'Bpprove itself to tbs House of Com- mons and to tbe British Government. He is reported to havo'Baid':- " If it bas bsen a deep rooted oonvlotion and notan idlopiBiing cry, I must /rankly say Ida not think, we can-' expeot to derive from transportation.to Western Australia any advantage which oin make it wo i tb oar while to poy the price of anything; like a serious diff.-reaoe with these gieat and flouii-.biog colonise." This la the language of a man who evidently wishes to act accordiog to hia con'iottons. It is nifficull, however, to exadss the conmis-ioners for ba ing examined chiefly persons interested in Western Au«trslla, or oonneoted with the penal establishment, while tbny did not avail tbemielves o' tbs evidence of -Sir-Henry Yoang,ivfbó bad been suc- cessively Governor of Tasmania and of South Australia, and who bad ¡ therefore an intimate knowledge of the ?. sabjeot in all its bearings. '.Still more difficult ls it to account for' the fsa', that S r Charles Cooper, who bad been Obief Jostles ol South Australia for nearly twenty ? five years, and who bad frequently visited ti-e penal set-, ile m eat of Tasmania, voluntarily tendered bisetidenoe, but it waa rtjasted.! Had the commissioners examined these gentlemen they might, have arrived at a different conclusion. They would et all events bava avolded.the Imputation of having been; too .anxious to mate oat a o\B» in favour of transportation. Bat wbstover may be thought of the' ooramiseioneis, y ur Australian readers, and the more intelligent portion of your English toaders also, will agree with you that it ia aoircely courteous, after all the- statements tba; have been made, and the faots that have been proved, to say tbat the exoltemtmt, alarm, and apprehension of tba colonists was,- ni doubt, tb a'great extent' unfounded, . We have it upon the avidenos of Mr.'Newlands, a magistrate of South Aus traill/ind of Mr. Torrent,- who has boen a magistrate upwards of twenty veers, and a member of the Legisla- tive and Exeontivo Coanoil, that within three years after the commencement of transportation to Western AUB I ralis, cv.-r one thousand conditionally pardoned and (tloket.ol.Ieave men found their way from that colony to .Adelaide, and that 'the result was sn immediate and rapid inorease of violent assaults, robberies, and burgle riruii orimes. Wa bave lt alto inserted on gond authority, and admitted in the conreo of tbe debate, tbat at least forty similar scoundrel* found their way in one vessel to ..Sydney,- where they bad no sooner landed than they oommenoed operations. When honorable .jembers, or noble lords, tbereforp, state that oar alarm ia wild and unreasonable, and that .searoely any lnatanoe baa occurred, of ooovicts finding their way to tbe adjioent colonisa Ibey either display ibelr own Ignorance ol the question or flatly conliadiot gentlemen whose evi- dence ia aa worthy of cadence as their own.- I am aware it ia impossible for members of Parliament or the pabilo ti read everything, but thia is a sabjeot of viit impor tinco both to Ibe colonies and to tbe mother country, and tho«« «tao wish «o hiv« . torreo! Australia« via» ,K the cate «til do well to f«ed . thor» paper, read bj l], /rorreo» Itel jaar before the British Association for ths advancement of science. I fear I have already oeeopted - loo rn ooh of jonr valuable space, bat I mutt sod Ibat the Inhabitants of Easter o Aastra'.ia will bear of tbe eon» tinuanoo. .of. transportation to Swan River with (be «reatoat alarm end indignation, and wi 1 regard it as aa tot of the greatest oppreaeion'and It.jaatioe, There sr» differences of _ppi&ion..iespoe;|ing political, r.ligicue, and other qaestionB, bat npon ibis sutjeot there is the mott perfeot, unanimity, abd . I do: (rast tbe , Govern* meat' will paute btf. re ^tbey ; lake' . a v,', ate ti 1 wbiob, ? if.; taken,; . maj: afterwards bs - . deeply i regretted.- No one disputee.the power,' or legal rirjat" of .her M»j-.Blj.to send, oonviots to any colony, where.. people are, foolish enough to . receive . them ; bat .thé" moral right ¡ to . poison 'the atmosphere of fear or ffye> Iprgn. and ..flourishing oolonlee. 'lo order to get rjdjaf a nulsapoe at'homiyor to confer a rnppcaed benefit apon 0 à oooparaiively small popaUtlon.'ls qaite another qa«, lion.- Mrj Torrens'shows io bis paper already referred tr, that excluding conviais and. theirfamilieB, there ire . not more tban six thousand inhabitants,ia Western Ant,. / tralia, wbbk'ava a right to apeak upon this question, and ' BFka is it reasonable that.their desire to.submit them- ., selves lo the evils of admitting snob men amongst them, ' for the take of the annual expenditure, ihoold prevail against the'. Indignant protest .of/a million and a half .-of leyei and independent setilers.ln .the other oolooiéa f .: lt mast »lao be. remembered that transportation now.ia very.. differ e'ñt'ih'iíe'^eff^ Our... .Iaw8,:..we«e", ,'tben. m uah .more severe than they are st présent, many- personalere transported'for poll. tioiVJand^Trifling~ dffe;nees,*au'd out "of every bsfalTciV ' bouviots: there were probably one-third bf them who,'bat - forJ; tbe-j'coptarninatlng influences of. the' voyage'/might h»ve...tarned out"toltrably. Well,- but now felons ol tbe deopest1 dye;alone are to be transportad;. Six hundred < per., annum may.aouodv. ry amjlMo, Eoglijh ears, bot even;at this ratio," six.thousand men of the very.'worat'. description would be introduced, during, the next tin* years, many il not mOBt of-wborn-would sooner or later fiad- their- wiy tqtha other colonise, end each of wbrnV would, in all probabiUty, ^corrupt a doten of thoae witb,> whom they would,come "Ip oontsct, thuB spreading moral désolation ? and r ruin* ihrbbghout the length and breadth of the land.: Nb'w; "if' the'preBeoce of aome tbirteen br fourteen hundred' desperate oharaotets be saoh an'" it- tolerable /nuisance' in ' this country, in. . the midst of a . pbpnlation of thirty millions, in a highly organised.' »tate" bf society, with' tn 1 effective polios, and iwlth innumerable other advanttgat,., I what "a terrible' Infliction ' most it be for a small and ", I sotttered community lo.have.even. OOO ruffians annually ' catt upon them. And is it wonderful that the greatest ex. , oitement, alarm, end indignation should L ba fell at the. I very idea of Buob a calamity f You, Sir, remind as of our obligations to the mother-country. We are not in'<~ asnslble to those obligations, nor are we, on the other band, infeasible -to the great beor fits wbiob the Anitra, lianoolonies have conferred upon tbli coantry, especially daring the last ten or fifteen years. We have taken annually from ten to Blxteen millions' worth of your' manufactures. We have Bin» yon probably not leis than ICO millions of our gold, and- a great quantity of wool and other eolonial p'oduats. We glory in the relation in which we stand to England ; we share witb you in yonr joye; sjmpathise with you in'your sorrow»; and wil- lingly help to relievo dialreBB when il exialB amongst jon. -You refer to-..'New Z island. Wa hive as little to do with the war tbere cs yoa have, and In- deed muon less; but loyalty to Eügland bas made cs make tte qttrrel cur own,and oar troops and volunteers bave rushed to the reseup. There is no part af ber Majesty's dominions whore there breathes amors genuine spirit of loyalty." There ia no plaoe where our moat gta cioua Queen ÍB more beloved and respected, br wb'érèber queenly virtueB are more'.thoroughly appreciated thin they are throughout the Aar trallan colonies. In retorh fora1! this we expeot to bo treated with tho consideration and respect to whioh we think we are fairly entitled. Wa wlab to'enóouroge and perpetuate these friendly relations, but most assuredly/, if io opposition to the strong renton' strsnaes we have made,'the filth ind pollution of England are to be poured out upon aa,it will bethe moateffeotive meena which could possibly be taken to destroy tbs good fetlioz which now happily exists ; en-'the pasBiogot the bill wbiob has now been reid a first time, on the motion of Sir George Grey, will be . regarded by lhe'; free' colonies of Australia SB alike inexpedient,, ungeneroas, unjust, and oppressive. . The colonies eannol ol oourae cS¿t soy resistance lo tbe landing of oonviots in Weatern Australia, bot they mnsl' adopt the best means in their power for their own pro. teotion, end amongst ' others I should not ba surpriied1 (if thia bill passes) to bear of tbs formation of a pri- soners' aid sooiety, Buch as was referred to by Mr, Adderley. . By this mean', a considerable number ot oat. colonial desperadoes- of whom I am sorry to say wa have too many-alter having graduated in oar caloote!" prison universities, might be enabled to come to this, oonntry to finish their edaoation. Saoh men are fond ot " variety, and would gladly aosept a free passage to England, where a few hundreds ' of reformed . and liberated convicta would of course be gladly received.. At all events, Bending them aver weald sive UB: from' beiog charged with tbe black crime of ingratitude. Wa Bboald tbUB show that we were not ungrateful, and although notable topsy all our debt, we wore willing to make some suitable return for past favours^ I have only tb add that my experience in New'South Wales extends overa period of upwards, of twenty yelta;, that' I "have 'been for many, years 'a magistrate af' tbe territory, that I was for some time a member of the. Legislative Assembly, and that I am at present s member of the Legislative Counal), . I : ave visited all tba ADS-. tralian oolonieB, except Western Australia; Borne of them frequently: I know the intensity of the feeling' which pervade i allelaBses uf the oommunily upon thia subject;, and it ÍB in oonatqaenoe of this knowledge, and with an earnest desire to assist in preserving the good fa iling now happily existing between the colonies and the mother oonntry, Ibst I am induoed to trouble you «iib this communication. I bave tbe honour to be, Slr, Your obedient eervant, A. M'ARTHUR;. Haleigh Hill, Brixton Klee, London, and ot Sydney,. ' New Soatb Wales. - Hebraaiy 22,1861. ? THB FOBOXBLS ABDUCTION, cr Miss NEUMANK AU: . Win Aw.-Tue following particulars ot ebie evèril, wo (où .hts oaUBed universal indignation at Warsaw, are giren in the' Pairie ;-" A new crime has been committed1,, which mn t" visit' the government of General Berg'at Warsaw with the execration of ail honest men. Two Bastian officers having seen Mi a i Neumann, a joting lady famous for her beauly, and not having suocoedod ia obtaining aooeas to" ber," determined io o.rry ber off by:' i force of arms. One night these gentlemen, afw? sum« atoning several pulioemeo, who were staifoo'ed (n the-" street, to their aid, entered tbe hoase on the prot.-xtof. searching for insurgent?, oed seizjd Miss Neumann, who ; in th'e Bister of the owner, '. N>.ooe knows wont has> become of .ber si'-iOP. not-even the Director of the City Poliae, Trepofl. It will ba es-f ly conceived that auch on. . event has produor-d aa indescribable sensation bare. No - one ia .safe agalnat this apeóles of violence, and ali are': expoBed at any time to seo their wives or their daughters, taken from their bootes at night on some'Imaginary ' charge.' This is,, however, bat a natural conBequeuejaof C the regime introduced fy General Berg, who bas outraged? ; al I the 'rights of humanity by driving frem their homes, and. sending to banishment, tbe most worthy and.. respectable ladies in the oily, whose only crime la that they are Pole.." ' ; HEU FOB THE SICK AND WOUNDED DANISH SOIBHBS, Some ol (fie ladies und gentlemen woo take a lively .interest in the promotion of a aobscription for tba tick . and wounded Danish 'soldiers assembled yesterday in."' Stratton, street, at the residenoe of Lord Olanrloirde, and, nominated a general oommltteo to carry their wísbel into efieot, from wbiob was named a msnagiDg^com.-, mitteo, oonalsting of the following members:-Mtrqaia: and MarohionoBB of Olanrioarde, Bari'and Countess of" Shaftesbury, Lord -Enfield, - M.P., Gonntess Grey.; ' Ooanteeeof Donoughmore,'Coameus of Cork,' Lord and . Lsdy Bobeit Cooli,. Lord Harris, Lord Erneat Bruce,. Sir William Alexander, Viaoonnt Chelsea, Slr Bobed" Brownrigg; and Alfred Seymour, Esq., M.P.'-'Amongst ? ( the first oont'lbntore, ia eddi'ion to tbs above, are:- . Their Boyal Highnesses the Daabois and Princess Mary' cf Cambridge, Earl and Ojunteaa of Darby, Marquis lad Marobionoes of Lansdowne, Earl Grey, VisoounleBS ? ? Palmerston, Earl Stanhope, Earl of BasBborougb.'Lidy-' Charlotte Denison, Lady Egerton or lotion, Lady Moles, worth, Maria Mirohioness of Alleabury, Lard'Bective,'' Sir C larlea Wood, M.P., Mr. H. Peek, Lady Emily Poet, Earl and Coantees of Malmesbury, ¡ci., &?. ' - . ' - . : : THK CnUIBB CW THE NlELl Jopli-PtTatÛU», FMBUABY 31.-Thu Niels Jae 1 was off Falmouth on, Saturday night, reaohlng off the land- aoroaa Casnnel on Sitnrday. Tho Java, the Bremen barque Ibat narrowly oaaaped oapture by the Niels Joel 'in attempting lo lisve ; Plymouth on Wednesday, started again on Saturdty night with a Channel pilot, avoiding taking'à Plymouth pilot, m. order lo keep her course unknown. There ere varloul rumours ot ber deaiinalion. Havre, Brest, ard Liver- pool ate mentioned. There is a report here that a - Prussian ocr ve. to and two gunboats' ore coming lion ibe Mediterranean to proteo» .G.'raun tbljpiog in lbs Channel. .. 