FOREIGN MEMORANDA. -?- I I (Tram the Home News, May 26.) 'f HE new building of the Morgue, or dead-house, has just been completed behind the Cathedral of Notre Dame, between the bridge of St. Louis and that of the Bishop's palace. Its figure is that of a triangle, whose base forms the front. It has three large gates, which open to a spacious hall. At the bottom, and parallel to the reader, is the room in which dead bodies are exposed to view in order that they may be claimed. This room is separated from the hall by a long window with inside curtains, which may be drawn when necessary. There are twelve tables of black marble, and the room is lighted from the ceiling. 'There is a plentiful supply of water, and the ventilation is perfect, There is a room for the guardians of the Morgue at the right of the entrance-hall, and an office for the registrar at the left. 'There are four inscription engraved on the walls, inform- ing the public that there is no charge for a body claimed, and that every service rendered by the assistants is gratuitous. Iheoljtot of this inscription, four times repeated, is to do away with a long existing prejudice that everybody claiming a dead body should in some cases pay 267\. and in others 500. The superintending magistrate of criminal affairs found it necessary so long back as the year 1736 to post a notice at the gate of the prison of the Cha letter, informing the public that there was no charge for a dead body claimed ; but as many were unable to read at that period, the prejudice against claiming a dead body still existed. No i effort has been spared to protect the health of all persons connected with this establishment. A photographic apf aisles is likewise to be found there, by which the Uki DOIS of the unclaimed bodies in preserved. The Vienna journals mention an incident of the same kind as the disappearance of Voltaire's and Rousseau's remains from the Pantheon. It appears that the head of Haydn was separated from the body and taken away a week after his interment by the director of a house of correction (M. Peter who wished to study the skull of the celebrated composer. The head afterwards passed into the possession of several persons, and was but very recently presented to the Conservatory of Music at Vienna, where it is now preserved. A letter from HorupHav says-The end of General Du Flat was that of a bore. Being surprised at the head of his division by the Prussian torrent, he first gave way after receiving two sabre wounds. Some of his men ran towards him. as if to afford aid. ' There must be something more to make one die, he exclaimed, 'follow me' and with some hundreds of his men he arrived at the battery No. 5. There, while sealing the parapet, he was hit by a ball in the breast, which passed through his body, and he fell. Two officers were about to have him removed, when he cried out, Every man to his place and forward !' Saying these words he expired." General Du Plat corpse had two laurel wreaths round its head when it came into his friends' hands, and these the Prussian officer who accompanied it across the street to Alsen stated were laid on the brow of the dead hero by no less illus tiiouB hands than those of Prince Frederic Charles and Marshal Wrangel, who wished to show before the eyes of their whole army in what estimation they held an enemy's valour. "Pity," says the 'Times' Danish correspondent, " that the general's gallantry did not entitle him to have his boots restored to him but the Germans are evidently mad after Danish shoe leather, and the bodies of all, without exception, who fell on the Dippel heights, were brought back to us in their socks." A Vienna journal had announced that the Abba Lucien Bonaparte was to be raised to the dignity of Cardinal in order that he might be properly qualified to be elected Sovereign or Pontiff. The Cologne Gazette remarks that the three Catholic Powers have a right to protest against any nomination of the kind and that a Pope can never be a relative of a reigning European dynasty. The news of the nomination of Mgr. de Verde to the post of Papal Nuncio at Mexico, given by the same journal, is said to be also unfounded M. Allard, a distinguished painter at Lyons, who at the commencement of the winter went to Home with his mother, wife, and four children, to study the great masters, has just been murdered in his studio. When found he was in a dying state, having received no less than sixteen wounds on the head with a heavy instrument. The murderer is believed to be a man who sat to him as a model for a picture representing Judas giving the kiss to our Saviour. The model was sitting for the figure of the betrayer. The man has been since arrested at Civita Vecchia. Another murder, a double one, has Bullied the streets of Rome within the last few days. At the Salita di Cros colza, near the Pantheon, a boy had been buy- ing SBlad of a gardener. As usual at Booke, a good deal of bargaining took place as to the amount of herbs to be considered equivalent to the proffered coin, the boy insisting on the addition of a celery root, which he finally took, nolens violent, and was about to carry off in his bundle, when the enraged vendor rushed upon him and kicked him so violently as to cause immediate death. The melancholy sequel of the story is that the father of the boy, infuriated at his son's slaughter, seized a knife and overtook the gardener whilst being led off by the police, killing him actually in the hands of the gendarmes. A young woman of Troy. America, of considerable beauty, aged twenty-one, and it is said of spotless character, has consented to be put up for a raffle, to be disposed of, body and soul, to the lucky drawer, This beats our fastest of fast young ladies. Marshal Wrangel, now in Denmark, celebrated his 80th birthday on the 13th of April. The " 246th day of the siege is chronicled by the Charleston Mo and OB the " quietest that the city has known for a long time. Not a shell was thrown at the time, and not a gun was fired. The Marseilles journals state that come fears were entertained at the theatre of that place a few evenings back that a Japanese duel was about to take place. A quarrel took place between two of the persons belonging to the embassy. They were seen to write something on two small pieces of paper, which were thrown into a hat. Fortunately, before they had drawn lots, their friends had succeeded in reconciling them, otherwise the one who drew the paper containing the word " Death" would have been bound to shut himself up in his room and put himself to death. One of the members of the Japanese embassy has just died at Marseilles. The ambassadors, on receiving information of this incident, sent instructions that the hair of deceased should be cut off and brought to Paris; that no priest should accompany the funeral, and an ordinary coffin should be need, and be enveloped in white linen before in- humation. They also ordered the ground for the tomb to be purchased in perpetuity, and announce their intention of shortly forwarding the model of a mausoleum to be erected. The Japanese ambassadors intend, it is said, to remain in France for six weeks, and in Europe one year. They are now having European garments made for them. They were recently present at the representation of the ballet of La Maschera. A platform over the parterre had been fixed for them, and they were accompanied by a dozen officers attached to the mission. They all appeared to take great interest in the performance. Between the acts they were conducted over the house, and the working of the machinery particularly attracted their attention. The eulogium on Joan of Arc, on the occasion of the 125th anniversary of the delivery of the town of Orleans by that heroine, will be delivered this year on the 8th of May, by Mgr. Dupanloup, bishop of that see. The three hundredth anniversary of the publication of the first book printed at Moscow was celebrated in that city some days since. The work in question, entitled, " The Apostles," was written in the ecclesiastical Solavonto language, and appeared in 1864, in the reign of Ivan Wassilievitch. On the occasion of this, there was an exhibition of the most ancient productions of the Russian I press. 1 A flying machine, designed! for military purposes, has been successfully tested at Washing on. I a tree was recently cut down in California, the cream I ference of which is ninety feet, and its height 325 feet. The I tree contained 250,000 feet of timber. Its age is estimated I at about 3000 years. The wood was sound and very solid. The Federal Council of Switzerland has ordered the immediate establishment of a depot for the concentration of war material, in order to increase the means of defence at the disposal of the Confederation. The "Friendly Sons of St. Patrick, of New York, discovering that a grand niece of Dr. Oliver Goldsmith was residing at Hoboken, in necessitous circumstances, made immediate provision for her relief by endowing bar with an annuity of 360 dollars for life. The people of the Cape Verde Islands, it appears, are suffering fearfully from famine, especially the island of St. Jago. Thousands of poor creatures are lying about under walls and hedges in the neighbourhood of the town of Porto Praya, who have deserted their homes and made for the town in the hopes of being fed. Many from the more distant part of the island died on their way, unable to reach the town. Starvation and death are making fearful havoc amongst them. All the other islands are visited nearly BE badly, and the best informed people say that two-thirds of the inhabitants must die. There are no provisions in the islands and very little money. The Russian journals mention the occur once of a melancholy tragedy at Lipotsk, in the government of Tam boil. A retired sub-lieutenant, named Orloff, has just killed his cousin, Mdlle. Apollinnire Sokoloff, by shooting her with a pistol at her own request. The two cousins were deeply enamoured of each other, but their relationship being an obstacle to their union, the lady begged her lover to put an end to her life, and the latter in a moment of frenzy, only too faithfully executed her wishes. A Canadian paper says that during the last 12 months communication by electric telegraph has taken place between London and Tuvnen, in Siberia, a distance of 4039 miles. The continuation to Nioolaiwski, on the Pacific, is now probably accomplished, and the connection, via California, with New York, is confidently looked far in 1865. Several of the continental journals state that the visit to Copenhagen of the Grand Duke Nicholas of Russia, eldest son of the Emperor Alexander, is generally considered in Denmark as connected with a project of marriage between that prince and the Princess Dagmar, one of the daughters of King Christian IX. The Journal des Villes 1 Campagnes says : " The Princess Anna Murat is a Protestant, but for some time past she has been receiving private religious instruction from Bl, Deguerry, cure of the Madeline, with a view to her conversion to Catholicism, The resolution of the princess is said to be definitely taken, and the day fixed for her abjuration is not far distant. The Societe Politique Helvetia Genevoise has addressed a protest to the Federal Council against the decree expelling Mazzini from Switzerland. The Federal Council, on the protest being brought forward, passed to the order of the day. the Quebec Gazette of the 20th April says "This afternoon, between 1 and 2 o'clock, a smart shock of earthquake was felt throughout this city, lasting for several seconds. The houses were so violently shaken that all who were in them made their way to the street as quick as possible. We are happy to state that no damage was done, so far as we have heard, except the falling of a few bricks from chimneys. The atmosphere at the time was clear, with a strong breeze from the north-east. The present shook exceeded in power that which we experienced in October, I 1860." I be Island of Niihau has been sold by the Hawaiian Government to Messrs Sinclair, for 10,000 dollars, to be and as a sheep farm. It is 18 or 20 miles long by 5 or 6 miles wide, and is good grazing ground A gardener of Exeter (Seine-Inf ensure) has discovered a simple manner of ridding a garden of caterpillars A piece of woollen stuff having been lodged in a tree by the wind, was found to have become covered by those insects The man seeing that result placed several other races on different trees, and the caterpillars settling on them in the night he who able to destroy a quantity every morning. A new pass across the Andes has been discovered, and a railroad has been projected through it from Chili to the Argentine Republic It will be 87 miles long, have an elevation of 6000 feet, cost a million and a half sterling, and require four years to make it. It will ascend the Tone Valley and descend that of the Rio Grande, a tributary of the Rio Negro, which forms the frontier between the Argentine Republic and Patngonia A remarkable case of longevity is mentioned as having occurred in the commune of St Gemmo (Gironde), where a woman, the widow of a farmer named Sambo, has just died at the age of 16 years and three months. She was born in the reign of Louis XV in 1757, the year of the battle of Forbach and of the attempt of Daunen A. remarkable particularity is stated in the local journals connected with this woman namely that (she lived principally on garlic and chalets Xbo Italian Ironclad Re Galantuomo arrived at Naples on May 4 Her crew were in excellent health, vast crowds assembled to see her, and greeted her with loud cheers The Brussels journals mention that there is living at \ liners le Garnbou, in Belgium, a woman named Bourne tember, aged 103. She enjoys all her faculties, is able to read without glasses, and recently joined in a dance during the last fete in the village A society has just been established at St Petersburg to disseminate instruction among the Jews residing in Russia. In the first sitting, lately held, the question was debated how to generalise as much as possible the Russian language and elementary knowledge Correspondence from Constantinople contains painful details of the immense Immigration of Circassians into Turkey, caused by the surrender of Vardar, the last Cir- cut Man stronghold, and the consequent resolution of three tribes to abandon their country. 27,00 Circassians have already arrived at Trebizond, and it is supposed that within two or three months at least 300,000 more will seek refuge in Turkey. The most shocking misery prevails among these unhappy wanderers, in spite of the efforts made by the Turkish Government to alleviate their sufferings and settle them in some of its most thinly-populated territories It is proposed to enlist 20,000 of them in the Turkish army, and it is estimated that the Sultan's treasury will be drained of at least £1,000,000 for the support and establishment of the vanquished tribes which are flying from their Russian conquerors into his dominions, A shy eician named Pommerais was recently tried in Paris for the murder, by poisoning, of a widow named Paul, who had some two years previously been his mistress. The trial lasted eight days. Pommerais had insured the widow's life for £22,000 at eight insurance offices, and had told her that after her death this would secure to her orphan children 3000 francs a year. He paid the insurance policy for the first quarter, but before the second became due, he induced his victim to simulate illneSS for some days, stating that she would be visited by a visitor from the insurance authorities, and if she appeared at the time to be very ill, Pommerais could compound with the insurance offices for a sum of ready money Pommerais visited the deceased daily for some time, and administered some medicine to her some hours previous to her death, which was attended with all the symptoms which characterise the absorption of poison. This was not the first victim of Pommeraib' villany Two years previously he got rid of his mother-in-law by similar means The presiding judge stated that the prisoner had several times attempted to commit suicide in prison, once he took verdigris at another time he opened a vein, and he also wounded himself in the nose so as to produce violent hemorrhage The prisoner said he was driven to these acts by despair, but he vehemently protested his innocence The jury found the prisoner guilty of poisoning the widow Pe Pnuw No mention of extenuating circumstances having been made, Le Pommerais was- condemned to death. Among the main points relied upon by the prosecution were that the deceased died of poison, that the poison was of the nature of those which, belonging to the vegetable kingdom, might leave no characteristic traces in the organs, Raid might not be eliminated by chemical analysis, but which revealed their presence by their effects, and were discovered by the deadly action which they exercised upon living animals and that digitalis was one of these poisons A poisoning case has occurred at Turin. A carbineer efheer stood arraigned for making away with his wife, and after much investigation and plausible evidence against him, it turned out that the dead body submitted Berchem cal analysis, and found decidedly to contain poison, happens not to be the wife's remains at all, another coffin having been mistaken for that lady's the King of Dahomey has made another raid into the Yoruba country, but has been driven back with heavy loss. Ifutead of ravaging the invaded country, and carrying off thousands of the population to be sacrificed to his idols, or sold to the slaveholders on the coast, he has lost 1000 of his troops in killed, and as many have been wounded A new park for Paris is being opened at the Butter St, Cbaumnnt. The Venetian Chamber of Notaries has just rejected an invitation made by the Government to admit to that body person of the Jewish religion. The Pope has just nominated the President of the Re- public of Hayti to the Grand Cross of the Order of St. Sylvester, and hoe charged the Archbishop of Port-au-Prince to deliver to him the insignia, A Coblentz letter states that the royal chateau of Stol rentals was broken into one night last week, when the thieves carried off the sword presented to the Emperor Napoleon I. by the city of Paris, on the occasion of the birth of the King of Rome. This relic was found by the Prussians in the Imperial carriage after the battle of Waterloo. A Bahre which formerly belonged to Murat, King of Naples, was also stolen. The hills and scabbards of those two arms were of pure gold, and richly ornamented with precious stones. The two blades have since been found, which fact seems to show that the robbery was committed for the intrinsic value of the ornaments only. 