That Sam's mad there can be now no doubt whatever. . The question lias been so irequntly asked, what will be the next Argus craze,- and so promptly lias the Collins street response come, that people have censed to feel more than a passing curiosity about the multifarious eccentricities of our con temporary. It is only when a more glaring extravagance than usual makes its appearance in the leading columns of that journal, that the. public take the trouble to read the article. : We aro not only a highly, susceptible people, but w'o liaVS almost a Gallic ap preciation of a good joke, Henco Punch flourishes ill our midst, and all tho quips and cranks of the greatest humourists of the day are eagerly read and as eagerly retailed, Solemn nonsense has to us a special cliarm, and for that reason the deep gratitude of the community is due to the Argus for furnishing such an extensive stock of this kind of mental pabulum. When sugars are dull, flours slow in moving oft) and tallow like a lump of lead on the market, when buyers aro quite unable to appreciate the flavours of teas however toothsome, when the very best of. beers are. as flat as ditch water,, and sales oi porter however -frisky cannot be brought to a . head, then is such an article as- appeared in yesterday's Argus , : on Mr. Kyte's " ticket-of-leave motion,", more espe cially grateful. No wonder, then, that the flags of tho sunny side of Collins street east presented, on Tuesday, an appearance of unusual-liveliness, judg ment was fairly suspended between tho fnlljr nf Mr. KyTE'S motion, and tUc rlalculoua (jusiuuu our contemporary took up thereupon ; nor was it until after considerable discussion ' that the Argus was pronounced the. more eccen tric of the two. It is only fair to both the personages concerned to quote Mr. Ivyte's motion at leDgth. It runs thus : Mr. Kyte to move, on Thursday, the 5 th of May, " That this House will, to-morrow, resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to consider the propriety of pre senting an address to his Excellency the Governor, requesting that the sum of five thousand pounds be placed on an additional estimate for 1801, for the purpose of defraying tho expenses of deporting to Great Britain, ticket-of- leave men, during the year 1804, not exceeding 300 in number." Wo understand that it is Mr. Kyte's intention, that is, if he was ever serious at all in the matter, to amend his mo tion by the substitution of " expirees" for ticket-of-leave men. If possible this makes the affair worse, for though there might be a difficulty in introduc ing into England convicts out on ticket- of-leave, there could he none intending over those who are virtually as free to visit England as . Mr. Kyte nimseir. xmis, a gross injustice would bo perpetrated, did Mr. Kyte's motion ever receive the approval of the House. Three hundred persons, whose -infamy had gone before them, would be cast upon the shores of the mother country, for it is lolly to suppose that such an impudent proposition as that of Mr. Kyte, should it come to frui.tion, would tf in .we present ' a"" e wnn two alternatives. Either his expirees would have their passages paid, just as any other three hundred men might have, ' and land in Britain with a ) morally clean bill of health ; or they would be ostentatiously thrust in terrorein upon a 'respectable and law fearing people. The sequitur is clear in both cases. In tho first a cowardly blow would be deait at the peace of the district in which Mr Kyte's graduates in crime might choose to take up their residence. | The simple folks of England would not i know tliat they were entertaining devils unawares, and probably the first , light that dawned upon them as to the f character of their new neighbours would he half a dozen buv- ; glaries, with the usual accom- paniments of murder or mal-treatment. : in case of resistance. On the other hand, presuming the press of England ' to have timely notice of the sailing of the vessel or vessels in which the i gallant three hundred took their dis tinguished passages, what would be the feeling of the inhabitants of the port honoured with their visit ? The expirees might land, it is true, for as ; tho Argus so delicately and in such manly fashion puts it, there is no law ) against it; but what would ho the con dition of the for-once-in-their-lives : voluntary immigrants? Would they not , be shunned as a snake is ; would not every man's heel, and every woman's ! voice be raised against them 1 What r chance could they possibly have of ob- taininghonest employment, or of making I amends for their past career of crime ? The slums of London alono would . be found willing to receive the outcasts, ! where tho rascalities of the old world 1 and of the new would bo reciprocated, and fresh villanies result from tho interchange of European and antipodenn . confidences. Is this Mr. Kyte's benevolence, and can this emannto from the man 1o whom, in groat measure, is duo the laying open to settlement of the before unknown interior of this vast con tinent ? Is this the Mr. Kyte who has fostered so handsomely arid for so many years the .industries of this calony? We cannot believe Mr. Kytb to.be in earnest in his' motion; and yet if he is not, whatjenn be his object save to gain, oh the eve of an election, some small credit from his constituents, for whom, during his ' three years' tenure of a seat in Parliament, he has said so little ' and,..' wo hope,- ) done so much. If his own common senso does not point, out to Mr. Kyte the propriety oi withdrawing a motion which is an outrage upon public decency, and tho gravity which should characterise a Legislative body, the support of The Argus, surely ought to. We have no hesitation in saying that the indiscreet, '.violent, and pven threatening letters written to the Lon don Times by Mr. Ed w aud Wilson have done reore to weaken tho force of eolonial Drotestatio'ns against tho ro- newal of Transportation to Western Australia than anything short .of passing Mr. Kyte's' motion could do. Intemperate zeal is far more dangerous to friends than to foes. -To aulminate this by ;endoavouring to coerce the Legislation of . the colony into a suicidal net is the height of midsummer madness. Because one man has an infatuation, a 'hobby which he rides as rampantly as ever did Don- Quixote his sorry nag, and usually with about the same practical effect, is that any reason why the 'legislature of a colony should be told to call in sanity or inanity by other than their proper names, — nay,- actually to certifi cate a rank folly? What possible analogy Cari there he between the de portation of English criminals to Western Australia, — a colony which has no constitution of its' own,: and whose revenue is. supplemented from the Imperial purse, — a colony, too, which asked : for convicts, — what analogy, we repent, is there be tween this and our sending to England some hundreds of the most finished rascals from Victoria ? We Australians have never yet been in too good odciur in England. Why should we, in addition to .the bad reputation which, unjustly it is true, we already bear, make ourselves supremely ridiculous all over the world ? Imagine our, ex pirees all landed, and tho British Government stupid enough to re ciprocate our attention to their social requirements'. For every single ex- convict we could send to England, the compliment' might be returned a thousandfold into our bosom. And what could we, who had thrown the first stone, do but submit with all the- ;fruce we enuld summon to om. « a ? Wo' exnect to hear that Mr. Kyte's motion will have been discharged from the notice paper before Friday. So far as its consideration in committee b con cerned, tlie Industrial and Reformatory Scliools Bill lus been dispoicd of in tho Legislative Assembly. Last night :lie whole tf the clauses not previously passed, were agreed to with some unimportant amendments, and the only suijcct for discussion now is a new ciauso proposed by Mr Lliginbothain, providing that tho Commis sioners of Audit shall ns-ertain each year the amount of contributions derived from private sources, and that the amounts paid per week for the maintenance .of each inmate shall not exceed five shillings. After some disensvlon, the Sandhurst and Iuglewood Tramway Company's Bill was read a second time in the Legislative Assembly la9t night. It is understood that the measure will he referred to a select committee, and the Govern ment intimated that, unless it was considerably mod fled before being again submitted to the House, they should oppose its third reading. Mr Macgregor's bill to amend the Electoral Act was Tend n second time in tho Legislative -Assembly last niglit. In the Legislative 'Council yesterday, Mr Eraser asked leave to be allowed to introduce a bill which would have the effect of reducing the qualification cf members and electors of that House. Mr Mitchell led tho van of opposition against any measure which had for its object the alteration of the Constitution Act, ami urged the House bear in mind the consequences which had en'ued from the aiuemPsints which be himself had been instrumental in bringing about. One by one lion, mombtrs rase to object to any removal of that barrier by which the exclu- sivencss of tho IIouso was hedged in, but the proposal of an addition to their numbers was favourably considered. Ullima'cly tho motion -7 r, l,"g; majority '/ The Pensions Bill was read' a first time in tlie -Legislative Council yesterday, and the second rending fixed for Tuesday next, to which day tho IIouso was adjourned. . It was lulimnte i by tho Treasurer, last night, that the long deferred vote for Educational pur poses would be submitted to the House to night. mr m'Lellan complained ysterday of the manntr in which some reonrks made by the Speaker with reference jo 'nimseir, in tire Course of tlie debate on Mr EverarJ's motion, had been r. ported in the Age. Mr Speaker was made to sny that " tlie language of the hon member was not that of a gentleman," and Mr m'Lellan, who stated that imitnr misreports had appeared in the same journal five or six times before, requested either a confirmation or contradiction of the report. Sir Francis satisfied tho hon m:iribar for Ararat and vindicated himself, by stating that he had neve: made me i f the ex pressions attributed to k!m in the report. a meeting of the shareholders of tlie Mel bourne Railway Company was held yesterday. The balance sheets for the half-year ending 31st Marcli were presented, Bliowing a balance of l603s 10s lid to the credit of profit and loss, nfter payment of working expenses and into -est on mortgages. a dividend at the rate of 0 per eer.t per annum was declared. The report of the engineer was rend, which stated that the lino and rolling stock were in excellent condition. Tho Divorce Court yesterday commenced its sittings for tlie present term. a decreo was granted to John Cruthers, a farmer, for a disso lution of his marriage with his wife, Theresa Cruthers, who had committed adultery with one John Connolly. The case of Terry v. Terry and Murcutt was opened, and the evidence of the petitioner taken, when the court rose. Negotiations are pending between the as signees of the Provident Institute and the shareholders for a composition. a meeting was to have been held yesterday in tlie Insolvent Court for the purpose of having the liability of each shareholder determined j but it was nd- journed for six weeks, in order tbnt the creditors might he consulted in the manner prescribed by tlie new partnerships statute. The argument as to the legality of the Vic torian Association were resumed, ycBterdny,- in the Snpromo Court in the case of Ryan Stophen. Tho 1 rcosurnr of the Society sought to compel ono John w. Stephen to pay l10 , the amount of his promisor? note in aid of the funds. Their Honours reserved their judgment. Considering the noar approach of tbo general elections, the decision will be looked forward to with some interest, as it may baro tbo effect of preventing the formation of other similar societies to interfere in cloctions. Several candidates are spoken of as likely to contest tlie vacant seat for Villiers and Hcytcs- bury. Mr a. ii. Knight and Mr Moffatt, are spoken of as likely to stand in tlie Conservative interest, and it is rumoured that tho Opposition will not lose the vote without a struggle. The names of Mr p. O. Brien, Mr p. j. Martin, brewer, if Flinders lano; and Mr llicbasl Cur tain, are alreadv mentioned. The Ballaarat Post is informed that Mr Lewis, M.L.A., purposes taking bis departure from the colony by the June mail. Mr r. Lo Peer Trench, barrister, lias been spoken of ns a likely candidate for the vacant scat. IVe understand that tho Government have served Mr f, iv. Dnllimorc with a writ of eject ment from liis run at Lamplough. Mr Dalll- moro, after defeating the Government in tho proceedings which -were, brought ngninst him for illegal occupation, has now, owing to the sharp practico of- the law officers of the Crown, been compelled to fi'o a bill in equity. Tho argu ments appeared so' strong In favour of Mr Dallimore that tho Crown did not ask tlie magistrates to 9tate a case in tlie usual wry. but hove resorted to tho extreme limit of tho law. This is tin Hnd of Justice which it seems tho public nro to oxpcct from the present Government. Tlie case of tlie Dyrlngs showed that, for' the sake of a pet c-rotchct, the Attorney-General was prepared to strike a Mow against tlie right of | crsonai liberty, and now, -because the Crown wits igoominiousiy defeated upon the prima facie case, a tenant is to be put to the expense of cqnity proceedings ta protect himself. Of course it matters little to the Go vernment in the very probanle- contingency of their being defeated, whom the costs are to come from. The friendi of Mr Wilson Gray will be glad to leam that there is every probability of his returning to Victoria in tiro course of a few weeks. The Government Gazette contains a proclama tion describing sites of gaols at Alberton, Ararat, Bairnsdnle, Camperdown, Carisbro k, Dunolly, Geclorg, Gisbome, Hamilton, Inglewool, Kil- rnore, Kyneton, Orneo, Palmerston, Schnappcr Point, Stnwel), Swan Hill, and Warrnnmbool. The boundaries of Rokcwood gold field com mon nro proclaimed in yesterday's Government Gazetto. Tbo adjourned annual City Licensing Meet ing was held yesterday in tho City Police Court. The attendance of magi.trates was unusually small, and tlie business was disposed of in a very rapid manner. Applications to tho number of 230 were granted, of which six were new, and twelve were postponed, being opposed. Several applicants received from the bench a cautiou as to the future conduct of their b uses, Inspector Ilare having stated that there was considerable room lor improvement, although he would not oppose the applications as tho houses were situated in the worst localities of the town, and tho landlords hnd therefore considerable difficulties to contend with. The obnoxious clause of tho Town and Country Police Act against Sunday trading was also explained to some applicants who set apart portions oi their premises for restaurants. The bench warned these that they must keep their houses ontlrely closed except to regular lodgers, or they would be liable to a fine of Lo. Tho operations of the National Bank of aus- tralnsin; for the past half-year, as disclosed by the report presented to tlie meeting of share holders yesterday, havo been very successful, the profits having amounted to upwards of 1.20,000, which enabled tho directors to declare a dividend of 8 per cent, besides devoting a con siderable amount to tho reserve fund. At a meeting of tho Albion Quartz Mining Company, held yestorday, the resolution authorising the directors to wind up the asso ciation, was confirmed. Mr and Mrs c. Kean make their first appear ance at Sandhurst this evening, in " Tho Mer chant of Venice." The Advertiser says : — " Messrs Cox and Vnrley are very sanguine of success, and as some 210 scats in the dress circle have been engaged since yesterday for one or more of the four nights of tlie performances, they have every reason to be so." At nn early hour yesterday morning a fire broke out on the premises occupied by Messrs Harris and Ankers, cool and wood merchants, situated in High street, St. Kilda. The Dro was first observed by Mr Kelson, of the Junction, who, with one or two neighbours, found, on hastening to the spot that the office and out buildings, as weli ns the adjoining premises, owned and occupied by Mr Wynne, wive worker, etc., were n ranss of flame. There were two horses tetberqil behind the office, ono of which was gotvvoy, but the other was literally roasted, being entangled lit its attempt to escape in a net work of wire in such a manner as to preclude all possibility of saving its life, Although awfully burnt the poor animal | managed to get on its legs, and stood quivering in agony in rnc street until at a later Hour some person, more considerate than others, put it out of its misery. Tho wind was fortunately not blowing strong; had it been the adjacent premises of Mr Lenneherg and of Mr r. d. Ireland could scarcely have been saved. The St. Kilda Brigade were shortly on the spot, and were useful in preventing the risk of further devasta tion. Nothing is as yet known of the orioia of the fire, but the loss will be very hiavy on Messrs sfif! anksis, w'ne have not very long esta blished themselves in' business, and, we are informed, were not Insured. Yeslcrday tlie Head Quarters' Band performed in the St. Kilda Park, near the south gate, pur suant to announcement. Tlie attendance was rather more numerous than heretofore. His Excellency and Lady . Darling, and a great number of fashionables . were present. It is to be regretted that somewhat better order ca.onot be preserved !£l":g2t— numerous juve niles who altend, and whose exuberant spirits considerably mar tlie cflect of the music. a public meeting, to consider the prospectus of tbo New Zealand Rivers Gold Mining Com pany, will be held at the Mechanics' Institute his evening. The commission of tlie general assembly of tho Presbyterian Church of Victoria met yester day, at Dr Cairns's Church, Collins street. The rsy d, Mocdonald, moderator, occupied the chair. a petition from the llev Mr Begloy, an ordained minister of tho Church of Scotland, backed by the petitions of the Presbyterians of Richmond, Pootscray, and Mnidstone, praying that lie be admitted as a minister of the church in this colony, was read ; and on tlie motion of Dr Cairns, seconded by the Rev Mr Cnmpb.-ll, of Geclong, was agreed to.. a petition also from Mr Greig, a licentiate of the Church of Scot land, requesting to be ordained as a minister, was read ; and on the motion of tho Rev Mr m'Nisb, seconded bythe.Rev Mr Kininmont, was granted, tho presbytery of Beechworth, in which district Mr Greig lias been labouring, being requested to undertake the matter. The meet ing then closed with prayer. An announcement nppears in tlie Government Gazette to the effect that the Blackwood police gold escort will be re-established, and will run fortnightly from the 21th Inst, reaching Kyneton ia time for the mid- day train. May Day was celebrated et Ca tlemaine after the g od old Cockuoy fishlon, with " Jaclr iu tlie Green," ' My l- rd," and " My Ladv." tiic m. a. Mail has the accompanying drscrip- tion cf the "Sweeps'" fesilvities: — "All Cnstlcmnine was yistciday afternoon on tlie broad«grin, iii consequence oi a novel exhibition — colonia'ly speaking— In our streets. We mcutioncd some time bark that it was the inten tion of some Chcwton people to improvise a season able edition of ' j aek in the Green/ in order to raise sorao money for charltabio pur poses. It seems that their preparations had been duly made, and yesterday a band of ' mummers,' dressed in all kinds of fantastic fashions, and ncrompanlcd by a cornet and a drum, heralded the approach of tlie veritable j aek.' There were tho inevitable Black Sal and Drisly Bob, the former most absurdly got up as a woman; with a black lace and a parasol; and the latter, a splendid illustration of the London coal wbipper Here we:o two clowns, in costuino ; sweep boys with smutty faces and party-coloured decorations on their clothing ; a naval officer in blue coat nnd sky-fcraper ; a fascinating damsel, who, we believe, was intended to represent a ' Queen of tho May/ nnd last, but not least, an extraordinary droll fellow, who with short trousers, long hair, pinafore, aud penny whistle, enacted to perfection the part of a country bumpkin. 1 1 will readily be imagined that so unuausl a cavalcade attracted general attention, and it being understood tliqt the money collcc'ed is to bo devoted te benevolent pur poses, the good humoured spectators were by no morns niggardly in their contributions. There can bo no doubt that n considerable sum was collected, nnd we shall be glad to be able to announce tbo purposes to which It has been ap plied. To-dny the cxiiibition will be on Jack's account, and for the benefit of himself and fol lowers only." The. Merchandise Marks Bill, a measure to prevent the fraudulent uro of trade mark", was read a second time in tlie Upper House yester- dny. a petition from the Chamber of Conunerco in favor of the bill, was presented by Mr Turn- bull and received. The City Council mot yesterday for the con sideration of a lengthy notice paper, but tbo long discussion which ensued upon two of the orders of tlie day, caused an adjournment, when barely half the business had been disposed of. It was decided by a majority of the Council, that it was undesirable to purchase the additional allotment of land in Collins street, for carrying out the proposed design for nn extension of the Town Ilall tuilding. Councillor walsh's ap plication for leave of absence for twilve months, to enabio him to visit Europe, was disallowed, notwithstanding that a strenuous effort was made by his friends, through tlie several amend ments proposed, to obtain for liini the privilege of retaining his seat as a representative of Gipps Ward, during hi6 absence from tlie colony. The appeals ngninst the assessment will be beard this morning, at eleven o'clock, to which hour the Council was adjourned. The Great Extanded Company, at Gibraltar, have recently obtained 130ozof gold from 23 tons of stono. The excitement relative to tlie rush nt Dunolly is rapidly subsiding, as the fact becomes apparent that the good ground was only a patch. Tho correspondent of Hie Dnylcsford Mercury has tho following about a probable candidate for Castlemoine, at the next election : — "a rumour; so faint that i hardly dare to give it utterance, is whispered that Win. Froomcs, Esq.; j. p., would not be loth to offer his services for tlie representation of this constituency. : ho would go in ' flying,' as no man bears a iiigher charac ter for upright, honourable, and straightforward conduct, and bfc talents as n public man havo boon well tried and appreciated by the burgesses of Castlemoine." a correspondent calls attention to the cir cumstance that the benevolent institutions of tlie colony rccelvo little aid from the young men. a meeting of tbo Lcander Rowing Club was held, Inst evening, at Marshall's hotel, Sponsion street. After the usual preliminary business .had been transacted, it was announced that a challenge hod been received from tlie University Club. The members preseat decided that tbo secretary should write to that club, oskiug what kind of boats it was their intent'on to row in, and also whether the challenge was intended for the first or second crew or tbe Lcander cluu. a handsomely engrossed address nnd a g id ring was then presented to Mr n. Cullen, who for some time past has held tlie position of stroko oar to tlie club. After the recipient had returned thanks in a few appropriate remarks to the gen tlemen present for their tasteful gift, the pro ceedings terminated. Flour at Albury ir l94 per ton. The Banner says : — " From Melbourne, flour lias bren sent at l23 5s per ton, and, with, bullock team car tings, it cannot be lauded under l31. At the Tumut it was l25 last week, and no doubt is now higher, with expensive carriage, if even any could b? got from thence. At Wngga Wagga flour is l30, with a distance of eighty tnile9 to be travelled," The Banner expects the price to be higher. a pigeon shooting match te announced to take place, next Saturday, at the Cheltenham hotel, near Brighton. To the Daylesford Morrury wo owe tho fol lowing local incident : — " On Sunday evening the congregation at the Church of England, wore astonished by the nppearancs, in tho middle of tlie service, of a halt- witted Italian. He marched up the aisle, and first took bis scat near tbe pulpit ; after exciting considerable attention there, lie proceeded to make himself comfortable on tlie floor near tbe communion table. By loud coughs, and bis peculiar gesti culations, ho succeeded iu annoying and olarra- iug mauy ui iiiuiatueh or rue eongregaiion. rue same mau was given iu custody some five months ago, being then cousidered of unsound mind. At that time we believe he amused himself by stabbing the letters ' v. r.' at Mr Kreck- lef's branch post office." Tho Ballaarat Western Borough Council Intend 1 to appoint a revenue officer. " hu duties," says the Star, " will ite, besides taking action for the prevention of the illegal sale of spirits in both boroughs, to s:o that the revenue frgg; -'j licenses, which amounts to nearly l3000 per annum to the Western Council aione, is properly collected. The salary has been fixed at l250 per annum, nnd a meeting of both councils, the appointment being made conjointly, will be held on Monday next, to receive appllcationa from persons writing to undertake the duties of the office," The friends .j; mr Marquis Chialiolm will bo glad to bear that he is teaching the Japanese how to turn a tune with considerable success. a letter from Yokolinmo, dated llth September, anys: — " Mr Marquis Cblsholm, musical srttete, a native of Glasgow, arrived here from China a few weeks ago, nnd te giving concerts, attended with great surcess. Mr Chishoira is the first musical nrtiste who has visited thte remote part of the world ; aud tlie astonishment of tho c< m- munity, both native nn l foreign, was somewhat wonderful at the announcement of a series Of concert) about to Ijo gjwu. &i; 0 timo when no European daro snfely ven ture out at night except armed to tho tcotli. At Nagasaki, Mr Chishoim performed before an audience confuting of Japanese aline, among whom were several of Prince Satsuma's officers, who scarce eight days before fought at the battle of Kagosima. The artiste did all he could to retch the humour of his peculiar audience; but German, Italian, French, English, Scotch, aad Irish music, grave aud gay, they listened to with tht> greatest indiffer ence, and at length made tlie following com munication to the crest-fallen musician, in pigeon English : — Coolie (servant) can go catcbie (fetch) one placie (one) sing-song girl (singing girl). Sing-song girl come, make inucbie more better sing-song.' Tliis was Mr Clilsholm's cue to bis great success, for next moment there proceeded from his large harmonium an imitation of tbe wild shrill notes of theso singing girls — and every girl In Japan te a singing girl —and the rude accompaniment of their little wiry, three-stringed guitar, so real that the listenera were at once electrified, nnd listened tr the performance with breathless attention. After, several of tho company demanded that the . instrument be dissected, and the hidden mystery revealed to thim— a request which was good- naturedly complied with on the pnrt of our clever countryman, when, fluding nothing to warrant their suspicion of there being a Japanoee ' Instrument concealed inside, they came to the . conrlusien that, after all, our friend was ' a real ' musician devil from the west/ and, at a late hour, sent a military escort to see him to his residence In the English settlement unmolested." The usual monthly meeting oftlic St. Patrick's Society was held lost evening in the Hail of tho Members, Bourke Btreot. The president, Mr Martin Hood, occupied tlie chair. The follow ing gentlemen were proposed members : — Mr Hugh Glass (life member), and Messrs jVilliam Dooly, Jno. Daly, Patrick Nangle, j.raes Couglilan, Michael Meagher, James Hennessy, Cornelius Regan, James Patrick Fox, benefit members. The foilpwiag gentlemen were finally admitted ns life members: — Tho Hou. c. g. Duffy and Mr m. Pender, and the following as benefit members : — Messrs j. Kearney, m. o'Meara, m. Rowan, j. Melton, j. Sarslleld, r. Fognrly, m, Kennedy, a. Reardon, j. Farrell, c.'fiyrno, j. Coffy, j. Moran, j. Loung, m. Leary, p. Kennedy, w. Fanning, and m. o'Meara (Ilotham). The President read a letter from Mr Jno. Martin, of Rostrevor, Ire land, referring to the projected publication of a new dictionary qf. the Irish language, .qnd,statlng tiiat in consequence of the stipulated sum riot having been raised, he applied for his portion of the donation, l200. Other reasons were that neither tlie Royal Irish Academy nor the Archcologica! Society had expressed any intention of. proceeding with) tho work, and that Dr John o'Donovaa and Mr Euofene o'Curry, who wero lo have been contributors, h id (Ho i. Tho money was returned to him, and lie had appropriated the sum to other purposes, of the particulars of which lie would advise the Society at a fu'ure period. The members wero also informed that the sum of l50, sent homo for the fund, had been employed by Mr Martin in the purchase of books for the library of the Society. a motion proposed by Mr e. Finn, that nn extract nf tlie speech delivered by the Rev Dr Quiuu, Catholic Bishop of Queensland, at a dinner oi the St. Patrick's Society of Brisbane, be inserted in the minutes, was carried. On the motion of Mr Finn, seconded by mr p. Brognn, it was decided that the portrait of tho lion. John o'Shonassy, m.l. a., the property of tho society, be presented to Mr< o'Siianassy until required by the society. After somo other unimportant business, tbe proceedings terminated. Tbe act to regulate imraigratieu into Victoria has received the Royal assent. In reference to tlie apprehended Chinese dis turbance at Ballaarat, wc find the following additional intelligence in yesterday's Star: — " During th j whole of Monday a large party of police were stationed on Golden Point to prevent any rupture among the Chinese iu that quarter with those recently arrived from Costlenisine and Creawick. Their services were, however, riot call-d iuto requisition, the celestials being all very quiet ; ami it is not likely that the threat ened conflict will now fake place, the invaders having probably seen enough in tlie determined appearance of the brawny pro'ectors of the peace to convince them of the folly of disturbing it by attempting to chastise their Ballaarat brethren. Extra constables were stationed during theuight on the Point, to notice any unusual movement among the Chinese, but the only ono to be ex pected now is tils removal of those who' have so recently visited tlie plaeo with such hostile intentions." The responsibility for the publication of the following rests with the m. and d. Advertiser : — " a strange rc-union of two members of a family who had been separated for upwards of twenty years, took place on Saturday evening, in Maryborough, the circumstances attending which arc so peculiar and almost romantic, as to be worthy of notice. a number of respectable miners were in the bar of one of our hotels, when tbe conversation turned on .the present Danish difficulty, and one of the parties expressed sym pathy with the cause of Augustonburg, stating at the same tlmr tlint lie was a Sehleswig-hol- stelner, and naming the place of his birth in that province. He was immediately asked bis name by another of tho party, and on giving.lt two long lost brothers were embracing and shaking hands Willi all the ardour of German enthusiasm. But the most remarkable feature of this strange meeting is that both men have been residing in the vicinity of Maryborough for tlie last six years — one at tbo White Hills, and tlie other at Mosquito — and bare met and conversed to gether repeatedly during that time without for a moment surmising tlie close tie of relationship existing between thera." a judicial decision, important to mining com panies, is thus reported by the Bendigo Adrer-. tiser: — "The caso of Early nnd Co v Bnrker nnd Politz, trustees of the Johnson's Reef Com pany, heanl at the Court of Mines the other day, shows strikingly the absoluto necessity for regu larity ia conducting busluess at meetings of shareholders of public companies, and especially abiding by tlie rules. Barker and Polllz tried to recover drainage assessment from Early nnd Co, but they resisted payment, on the plea that Politz was not a trustee of tbe company. He bad been elected trustee at an ordinary half- yearly meeting, but, by tlie rules of tlie company, it required a special, meeting to elect trustees, and bis not being so elee'ed till subsequent to the present action rendered his first election null and void, and nil setion lie had taken as trus eo up to tbe time of boing properly elected Illegal. Such was the opinion of bis Honour Judge oitiniier, who nearu rne case, mo legality of the title Is, however, to he submitted to the Supreme Court for its decision," . " a curious discovery," says the Star, "which is worthy of mention, was made a short time since by a party of miners working nt Strntlilodden. We are info: mcd that some of tlie men wero engaged in sinking or taking out a paddock, when suddenly one of them fell through tho. ground Into a hole which vyq.; nt first SUppo??ij i rl.tw on axamlnation, .however, they found that they had lighted upon an ex— tonslvo subterranean chamber, which had evi dently not been mnde witli hands. There was not the slightest appearance of tlie previous presence of the digger, and of course for sorao time our explorers .' wero very puzzled to account for the novelty of their situation. sujajquent investigation, however, proved that thte cave was nothing more m r less than the ' salon a manger' of a tribe of wombats, whoso burrows wero discovered iu the neighbour hood. Our informant, however, told us that this was nothing to a surprise which he himself formerly hnd while mining at Crcswick. In thte case lie tumbled through tbo floor of his claim in a similar manner, nnd Immediately found himself Immersed to the armpits In a pool of warm water, which did not appear to be connected with any inlet or outlet. It was, In point of fact, one tf those extraordinary springs which wc hnvf p?(jd of, bill fiivv of us liaVe s6en. Our friend tells us that, finding that he had ' got himself Iuto hot water,' he thought it best to extricate lumself and say nothing more about It. This te the course usually adopted by prudent people under similar circumstances; but it ia a pity, for the sake Of scientific research, that the matter was not men tioned and Inquired iuto at tiie time by the local savuns." The m. a. Mall contributes, the following in telligence respecting the Chinese quarrel. — " During the last few days; more especially on Saturday and Sunday, a very large number of Chinese havo departed for Ballaarat"; iudced.tho number of licensed vehicles on the Forest Creek road have been diminished by tho demand made for means of transit. This sudden exodus caused us to runke inquiry, and we -aro informed that at Ballaarat a serious dispute lias arisen between two Chinese of the clan " Ye' in reference to an alleged fraud committed with a lottery ticket. It is usual for tho Chinese, on such dis putes occurring, to ' slieng kung sue,' or meet nt the Joss house, elect a jury, and deliberate and decide the matter. In the present instance, unless tbe point at issue Is amicably arranged, the Chinese state that the contending parties will resort to physical force, aided by sudi weapons considered likely to inflict the most serious injury. The Chinese affect much personal bravery, and their throats of violence are not always to bo regarded ; but, ) udging from the excitement occasioned btht"w ' , dispute, it can do no harm to p! ritles on. tho alort to prevent any ' peace." 1 ur«oh o! thj'9 w 