THIS IVTONTH TheR.M.S. Northam, with the March mails, ar rived on the 12th instant. The business of the parliamentary session is now drawing rapidly to a close. , The Government intond, if possible, to pro rogao Parliament on the 27th instant ; andi ?with a view to effeqt , this object, . they . hare roeolved to place no freBh' business on the motice paper, with the exception of a very short bill for the amendment of the Heal Pro perty Act. The character acquired at the com mencement of- the session for business has .; been fairly sustained throughout, and, though the vice of a' disposition to talk, common to all popular assem blies, has not been, absent, a very considerable amount of work, in the way of practical legislation, has beonacoompliahed. The bill for, the abolition of pensions has been read a second time in the Le gislative Council. . The Charitable Institutions bill and Real Property Act Amendment Bill, have both been read a third tune, and passed ; and the bill for the Prevention of the Use of Fraudulent Trade Marks and Brands has been finally passed through, com mittoe, and awaits ' the third reading. In . the As sembly, the Charitable Institutions Bill has boon read a first timo, and the Publicans Act Amend mont Bill, the Industrial and Reformatory Schools Bill, the Weights- and Measures Act Amendment, Act, and the Dog Act Amendment Bill havo all boon road a third tune and passed. A carious discussion ? has just taken place in tho Legislative Assembly on the transportation question. MrKyte made a motion for an address to the Go vernor, to place a sum of .£5000 on the Estimates for the purposo . of sending back to England 300 convict expirees during the year 1864. i The Go vernment resisted tho motion, on the ground that time onght to bo afforded to the English Govern mont to consider tho remonstrance sent home by the Parliament of 'Victoria, and generally that suoh a resolution was calculated to lose us the sym pathies of the English people in oar efforts' to put an end to the transportation system. Ultimately Mr Kyte withdrew his motion. In the mining districts great consternation has been cansed by the discovery that the Trading Com panies Act, which has recently- become law, has repealed what is known as Pyko's Act, under which gold mining companies were constituted. It is con tended that the Trading Companies* Act is entirely unsuited for mining enterprise, and\ several which were ' in the course of initiation have been nipped in the bud by the repeal of the law nnder which they wore to have boon formed. ' Pyke's Act, with .some few amendments, has been again introduced by Mr Frazer, and it appears to be the general wish of. those most .interested that it should be agreed to as speedily as possible. Tho tenders for the purchase of £200,000 worth of Victorian Railway Dpbontares were opened on the 10th inst., when it was found that offers were made, at and above the premium, for £60,240 worth more than' were advertised for sale, and the Go vernment; after some deliberation, resolved1 to extend the issue by that amount. ? - ? ' 'A The last intelligence from Otago is not favorable as respects tho prospects of the miners. - Nearly all ,the men who were able to do so were leaving either for Victoria or for the newly discovered gold-field at Marlborough. The previous advices brought rather more favorable news, as: the Molyneax hod fallen, and hopes were entertained that the diggers * would be enabled to . work the rich deposits which are believed to' exist in the bed of ' the river. The molting of the show1, however, caused the water to ? rise to the former height, and it is feared that all chances of working the Molyneux for the next nine months are at an end. None of the other diggings are in a flourishing condition, and Dunedin ig repre sented as- almost in a atate of collapse. Tho intelligence from the seat of war in New Zealand is distressing, showing that our troops havo suffered defeat at Taurangi with heavy' loss. The affair was of magnitude. An attack on » pa' was commenced by a cannonade from no less than eleven Armstrong guns - for eight ' hoars. . . A strong storm ing party then commenced the assault and fell into an 'ambuscade of natives concealed in pita, who poured a destructive rifle fire on their! assailants. The 43rd Regiment were, panic struck and' fled, leaving their officers unsupported. Oar loss. wa3 27 killed and 77 wounded. ? ' From a Btutoment issued by tho Post Office Do partmont, we learn that tho nnmbor of letters and' nowspapero reoeivod at, and despntchodfraom Vio toria by tho P. Ss O. steamers during the p t month was as follows : — Received per Madrasi ? 52,899 letters, and 130,181 newspapers ; despatched per Bombay, 56,236 letters, and 60,265 newspapers ; malting a total of 109,135 letters, and' 190,446 newspapers. Wo learn that tho superintendent of _tho electric telegraph 'department of New Sooth 'Wales, Mr Craolmell, is on tt visit to Victoria for tho purpose of consulting with tho head of tho South Australian department, Mr Todd, relative to the construction of an independent line of telegraphic communication between South Australia and Now South^ Wales. At present all messages between those colonies havo to pass .through the head station of tho Victorian department, an inconvenience which has long been a subject of complaint as well as tho cause of unne cessary delay. Tho Speaker, on the 2nd inst., issued a writ for the election' of a member, to serve in' the .Legislative) Assembly for the electoral district of Villiers and Heytesbury, in tho place of Richard Davies Ireland, Esq., resigned. The following arrangements havo been madoiEor the flection --^-Day of nomination; 12th May, 1864 ; day of polling, 19th May ; return of writ, 26th May. It is rumored that Mr P. J. Martin, J. P., is likely to offer himself as a repre sentative for the district. - ? Tho search for coal in Gipps Land has been abandoned. Tho Guardian says :— '* The coal boring party under the leadership of Mr Hayes has been disbanded, and tho machinery removed from the One Tree Hill station, where operations havo been carried on for many , months past. No pros pecting for coal is now going on in Gipps Land, and wo fear that tho original subscribers aro -very much disheartened with.the fruitless result of their lib.o rality; Wo may, however, hope that Mr Aplin's suggestion respecting a trial of the neighborhood of Muddy Creek will bo acted upon before long.' As a proof of the necessity of diligent surveillance being oxercised as tothe sale of- lands supposed to be auriferous, the Mount Alexander Mail mentions that in the UnionlCompany's. claim at D'aylesford,' one of the claims, the sale of which was objected to and protested against by the mining hoard, yielded during last week 38 oz 10 dwt of gold to. one bucket* of unpicked stone. , ,' -.;,.'.,; .-?'. '. A new enemy tothe farmers has appeared.. The ? 'Ballaarat Star states that, in the neighborhood, of-: Coghill's Creek, a grub; about' an.inch in length, has! attacked tho young oat crop, about four ; inches , ,. below the surface, causing the stalks to turn yellow , ..and wither.' ', .- : .--? , , ??/ ..',;..- -. ? ;_--. :: -;.;\ - ?-?? - ; .??'?--' A serious disease has broken out amongst'tke horses in Gipps; Land. We learn from the Times \ 'That 'several belonging to carriers and others have died during the last few weeks and that many -others are still very ill; , The disease, which is very, prevalent, is called by horse owners, pleuro-pneu- ' ?; monia, but possesses little of the symptoms of that . .disease. Horses have died after twelve hours' ill ness, and in most cases the disease has presented the appearance, of acute inflammation of both stomach .'and lungs; * It' has been pretty broadly hinted that ? a quantity of : rusty wheat-chaff, being mixed with ' oaten straw and sold as all the latter, has had a considerable, influence in produoing the disease. Whether this is true or not we cannot say, but it is certainly time that horse-keepers .should look care fully at the material they purchase for. fodder.' , . After .seven months negotiation and suspense, we . are happy' to find that' the differences between Mr ' Williams arid his workmen have ?; been satisfactorily arrangedi On Monday, the 2nd inst., this protracted ; strike terminated. The most recent difficulty arose* from the demand of the men for extra wages if they ' worked overtime— they 'asked , time and a ? quarter /for' Iho.hours thus devoted. This. demand they have; '- now withdrawn, and the agreement withMr Williams 'is- concluded on these tenns,Jnainely, that the -hours \- of -work in his railway carriage factory shall he eight' '''hours' daily ; that none of the' men employed: in: the railway carriage -'department shall make more than' . six days in the week or forty-eight hours ; and that if any man works more than eight hours in one day: the extra timo shell be deducted from the day fol ? lowing, or from- any day during ? the nextweek. :This arrangement does-! not apply to the men; em- .-: ployed .in the private carriage department. The -motive ;bf the men in asking an extra rate of wages ' for overtime was,- not go ranch to obtain overtime, as ? to prevent overtimO;being^worked.-;, For themselves, ; they are quite c'ontent.TFith their full-time. \ On the, 4th and 5th instant a number of the. old hands and a few others applied for. \york, but none are likely to; '.-'- be' engaged until next week, when the arrangements ? -for taking on a full staff will'probably be completed.' 'This -practical compromise has-been- happily, con ;??? olMed. with ^.Messrs 'M'Fadzen and Woods, -the ? delegates acting on behalf of the workmen recently' ; enstrike. :„ ''?-?;;? :: .'-;? Jv;:- ' i [,'???' '-???? : ~ : ''- ''?' .-? -' ?''-??.?. ? ^\ ?? ?? ? ; A return of all moneys expended oh public * piersr or .wharfs, I i torn the ;'year *'185O 'to the year.' 1863,' / both inclusive, has just been; published; in complin.' ance^with an orderpf the Legislative Counoil, mado ? on- tho motion of the hon. G. W. Cole;. -.; The: total! amount expended1 is 'returned at; £498,502:' 9s 8d. On the Queen's Wharf and Australian: Wharf, Mel-. .'?'.' bourne, there have' been spent £246,945 ; on 'Bat .-'.; man's Hill basin; £23,281;: on , the powder 'docks,* ??? Footscray and Melbourne,- £1166,. ; ? on thevperial jetty, Williamstown,' £13,084 ;- on; the Ann.^street jetty, Williainstown; £30*916 ; on the; jetty, Sand-. ridge,; ; £36,727 ; ; on' the : wharfs at' , Geelong, £65,721 ; on the jetty;. Warrnambpol, £10,86i;:: on the jetty, Portland, £10,415 ; on the jetty; Belfast, *vJB786S ! ; on the boat jetty, Point Henry, £467 ;- on' the .-jetty, Queensoliff, £4009;- on the, jetty, ? ;?''? Schnappor Point, £6992 ? on ; the. jetty, St; Kilda, v £4789 ; on - the jetty, Welshpool, £2436 ; on. the ''?'? jetty, Frankstori; £898; 'on' the jetty,- Portarlington,. ' JE2663 ; on thb-jetty at the sanitary station'; , Point' Nopean, £998 ;'pn the jetty, Port Albert, £2677 ;' and on the. jetty, --Port Albert, £2380. ; Thero ?has ? 'also' bean expended for repairs on 'the spveral piers ? and wharfs, the sum -of £24,196, racking ; a grand :- total of £522,699. ^Fractions of , a pound are pmit -ted in the aboTO. abstracts ', ,'.'?/'';'',? ? : ,-.:.?? On dit that Mr Alex. J., Gibb, to whoso labor the ? establishment of -both the Colonial and -the National Banks is principally due, is about, to bring before thol notice of the public a gigantic scheme for the estab lishment of a new bank, which it is reported will prbvo most advantageous to tho pastoral interests. Certain proceedings boforo tho tribunals of justioo lately do not exhibit colonial morals and civili sation in the brightest light. Tho sessions for tho pounty of Botirke and the divorce sittings of tho Supremo Court, cannot, with any amount of so phistry, bo set up as certificates of charaotor. The iirst prominont feature — and it is a painful one in these social revelations — is the .increase in the use of that most , un-English instru ment for settling quarrels— the knife. Old English pugnacity has not disappeared with our removal so for from home, but the rough and ready old method of adjusting differences of feeling and rendering satisfaction for wounded honor is un happily yielding place to tho Bbarper modes of warmer climes. Of six. cases tried at the sessions on 2nd inafc., fonrwero informations for stabbing, or' cutting and wounding with intent to' do grievous bodily harm ; and one, at least, was of an aggravated nature — tho attack on Mr Hartlett, the landlord of the Supremo Court Hotel. The court marked tho enormity of the offence by 'sentencing the prisoner to 'five-years' hard labor on the roads. Another case was the charge against tho gunner of tho Royal Ar tillery, who lately stabbed two comrades in barracks with a sword. „ There was nothing approaching malice orrevenge, and the act was apparently only one of frenzy committed in a ' drunkon quarrel. Tho jury found tho prisoner guilty only of assault, and ho was sentenced to a year's imprisonment. A 'man who threw a knifo at his wife because his dinner was not ready for him when he went home was acquitted. -There is a curious feature in this class of cases, that the weapon is generally a knife such as is used by smokers in cutting up their tobacco ; and an illus tration of the necessity of civinc- a wide , -berth, to drunken '. loafers,' who smoke and create disturb ances at public-house bars, was furnished by the defence set up: by ono of the accused. He stabbed the. man who had- turned him, out of the house for creating a disturbance, and his plea was that ho was 'cutting, his tobacco; and forgetting that he had the open knife in Ills hand, he struck and unintentionally cut his assailant. In the Divorce Court the immoralities disclosed were very shocking, and were clearly enough trace- able to that worst of social evils— drunken wives. Carruthers v. Carruthers illustrates this in one of the lowest ranks of the social scale; but it is even more painful and disgusting in the facts stated in evi- dence in Terry v. Terry and Murcutt, the parties holding a little higher social rank. We suspect the old proverb, "marry in haste and repent at leisure," has philosophy applicable to these cases in particular, as well as to a great deal of colonial matrimony in general. If anything were needed to prove the monstrous-' nature of the imposition practisedrbyrthe Melbourne '- corporation in the matter of market dues, we have it in a fact which -transpired' at the city police court, on the 2nd instl' A poor lad was brought up charced with hawking fruit in a basket without the' neces sary ticket. ? Itiappeared- that he 'hadhis' father's ticket with him; but that was -for a barrow and not a basket... . It transpired, that .this hoy ,and: his father, to entitle them, to hawk a nttle.-.fruit —the one in' a' barrow and: the, other in a basket. — had ; to pay 'market dues or charges .to' the amount of £23 8s ; per. annum , or 9s p'er week. This can be no exaggerated statement, for 'it was: mado by ? Mr Chew- himself ,' the cpllectbr- ?, in the ' Eastern- Market,1 who. appeared' against .the. jboy.. When such1 impediments are placed in -the way of persons desirous . of earning an honest living, can we be surprised at any amount of crime, which may p'reyail. We 'contend it is a crying shame; . arid a disgrace ' to the city, that the; corporation should be permitted to 'pursue 'such: an 'iniquitous and oppressive line of conduct. We are convinced that the citizens generally have had no idea that such enormous rates' were : being levied on the hawkers of fruit ' and vegetables, and no surprise need be expressed at the comparatively high prices which the vendors ,' of these comestibles are compelled to charge for them. We trust that some pressure will be brought to bear on the city council to compel that body at; once to revise the market bye-laws and to, regulate the.^charges on something approaohing a mbdefatescale.V; '????? A curieus discovery, jvhioh is worthy of mention, was made a short time since by a party of minors working at Strathloddon. The M. A. Mail says -T-' We are informed that some of the men were engaged in sinking or taking out a paddock, when suddenly ono of them fell through the ground into a hole which . was at first supposed to bo an old drive. On examination, nowever, they found that they had lighted upon an extensive subterranean chamber, which had evidently not been made with hands. There was not the slightest appearance of the previous presence'of the digger,' and, of course, ; for some, time bur explorers were very much puzzled to account for the novelty of their , situation. Sub sequent investigation,; however,^ proved; .that this cave was nothing more or less thari; the * salonVa, manger' of a tribe of wombats, whose burrows were .discovered in .the:. neighborhood. Our' informant, ? however, -,tolol :us that this was -nothing, to a surprise, which he ' himself formerly had while- mining at Greswick. : In this caso'ho tumbled throngb. Hie; fldor.'of his claim in a similar manner, and immedi ately found himself . immersed to the arm-pits .in 'a pool of .warm water,, which, did not .appear to ,be connected with any inlet or-ontlet. It^was, in point, of fact, ono * of . those extraordinary' springs which we have read of, but few of Jus have i seen. Our friend tells us, .ttiat; finding tie had - got.' himself :- into hot water 'he thought it best to extricate him$ self and say nothing -more .about it; This is tlie'r course -usually . adopted by', prudent people- under.: similar circumstances^ butj it is a pityv'for the sake; .of scientific 'research,- that the' matter was not rnen, tionedand inquired into ,at: the time by ^ the local ' savans.' '-v..j '.'''?? .?-''';'?'? ' ':'~- '.'?:'? :;\' 'i); :'- 'V ??-'.; ? 'A meeting of , the shareholders of .the Melbourne ?Railway. Company. was Held on 3rd inst, at the^coin-. pany'a offices^ Prince's Bridgo Station. -The balancie sheet -for .the .half-year ^ending ?- 31st March^was pre-;' ?sented, .showing a balance of £86.39 19s lid' to- the ? credit, of : profit - and. loss, after paying working ox' penses '..and (interest .on', mortgages ; i' a,-1, dividend at . the rate';of : nine, per 'cent, per /annnm*.was declared. The'ropprt of jVt^eenginoer'was read,%wliich Btated the line and' rolling stock ;tobe; in excellent: condi- dition ; ? and th*e proceedings terminated 'with a -vbto of^ thanks tb^the chairman. ;':';':. ?'.''.' y -'?:?: --.' 'rV '.: \ *'?£? .Perhaps ono;,,of, the strangest; i'ecbgnitions that have eyer taken. placo'in the colony is: the. foUqwihgj-; ' which is reoorded^by .the . M. .and'-D. , Adyor User i^' ??' A striange re-union of- two. mombersof a.; family who had been sopafatod for upwards of twenty years took place on Saturday evening in Mary borough, tho circumstances attending which aro so peculiar and almost romantio as to bo worthy! of notice. A number of respectable miners wore, in tho bar of one of our hotels, when the conversation turned on tho prcsont Danish, diffionltjr, ana one. of the party expressed sympathy 'with tho cause of Augustenburg, stating at tho same time that he, was a Schleswig-Holsteiner, and naming ' tho place of his birth in tbac province. He was ? immediately asked his namo by another of the party, and on giving it two long-lost brothers' were embracing and shaking hands with all the ardor of German enthusiasm. ' But the most remarkable feature of this strango moeting is that both men havo been residing in the vicinity of Maryborough for the last six years — one at tho White Hills, and tho other at Mosquito — and havo met and Conversed together repeatedly during that time without for a moment surmising the close tie of relationship existing, bo tween them.' Malmesbury hitherto has held anything' but a prominent p'osition amongst the gold-fields .of the colony, but from the following — which we tako from tho Ballaarat 'Star — it would appear ttiat mining on a very'largo scalo is about to 'bo energetically com menced : — _'? 'At Malmesbury tho mining on private property question is receiving a practical -settlement at the hands of the miners in the neighborhood, as 'well as by others in' Melbourne and Ballaarat. Recently a body of working miners have' mado terms for working' a portion of ground high' up the known course of tho leads, and a company in which several members of the Legislature aro interested have called' for tenders to sink a doep shaft 914 feet through the rock, of which there is said to be about 200 feet. If there is any truth in geology and in Mr Selwyn's survey in- particular, more than one continuation of well-known leads are to bo looked for in tli o neighborhood. The basalt covering most of tho doep ground 'in the neighborhood, it has not yet been worked, and having good surface soil, has beon purchased for agricultural purposes. Tho ownors are now turning their attention to the mineral treasures beneath their land, and notwith standing tho state of the law on the subject, are likely to follow Mr Tuokbr's example, and let their land to any respectable mining adventurers who may apply.' - ' We learn from, the Annual Blue Book on Convict Discipline and Transportation' (recently' issued),' the following important facts bearing on the question of transportation - to Western ?? Australia. ,xThbjCentire- , population of that .colony in 1861 was, we - learn, 15,691 ; of this number, 6500 were convicts ! The majprity of these had either ; become free 'by efflux of^time, orhad received conditional pardons; there .were. 1137 ticket-pfrleave, men .in, the colony and' above 800 men were, still bn; the hands of the Go yernment.' , The ' estimates for the , 'financial . year ending with' March,;1864,' provided for keeping up ; to 1100 the number of convicts on the hands of the Government.- ?'.:::. ; . ? «-?; ^,;-'. ???':?? ? ?;??''???'?'!'' ' ;;i.-': Alluding to the large number of kangaroos whioh infest the district,- the Belfast Gazette says :?— ' Be tween- the latter,; end of 1862 .and the beginning of the present year, a period of .little niorethan.fif teen months, Messrs R. Goldsbrough and' Co. 's Belfast house has sent: away for shipment to London, upon various persons' account, between 29,000' and 30,000 kangaroo skins,- taken principally from the stations bf Messrs -H. Phillips 'and. Messrs Macknight .Jand .Irvine. . Further quantities; are still, coming forward for shipme'nt. _'As it is estimated that two kangaroos will consume' 'arid spoil as' much grass las would support three healthy sheep, it would seem, that the ?settlers mentioned; above have been provented from increasing their stock, and have lost the use of the stations, by, as many as 45,000 sheep; .There seems,' notwithstanding, to be but little : diminution in the neighborhood of Dunmore and Tarrone in the number of these destructive animals.' ; : .'?..'' , As an instance of the correctness with which letr ters sometimes find., their, .way back to those who' first forwarded them, after being tossed, about with out an owner for months in 'a distant land, tho Bal laarat Star 'of 'Monday gives the following :-r-,' A shoemaker, resident in Drummond '.street, Ballaarat, named *Mrr\Vm. Tarrant, sent' a registered parcel) to' Oxford,, in the. latter end.'of 1862, by* the mail; steamer Columbo.; The parcel ; was posted ; here;:' and wrapp'ed',up in a piece; of .kangaroo skLn, andrit ? contained two portraits/' tw6 £1 notes/.and several \ letters. ; Some months 'after the 'mail left, the. news reached this' colony that'she had beeia wrecked, and Mr. Tarrant immediately .' , cbmmunicated with, the Postmaster-Genera!' in. Melbourne' with' reference . to' the; parcel^ : and' stated: ; its : .: contents,! when he received a reply that every! inquiry would be made , respecting it, and if- found';;it would-be either forwarded, to its.destinatibn'ibr.: returned;! From that time Mr Tarrant 'heard; nothing further ' bf . the parcel; until , Saturday; liistf; when*; he- was agreeably surprised- to have it returned; its contents untouched, ^the'; only, difference:;ifrbm 'wh'en'it was forwarded being thatlthe ^leatherVwrap'per hiad been taken off and apapeY'onejSnpplied in: Its 'stead. It. appeared;' ttat the' ink address' bn the leather; had become 'indistinguishable ^by the. action of the sea': water, and that tho par eel: was r lying '?- at' ^onefof the head bffieesin London awaiting ?an'i:ownerr when ^he1; letter fvpin : the ;Melbourne-;-Pbst ^Office Department was reoeiyed, ? arid the description'. given 'being! cbr-'- rect, it was} then 'fe-a'ddfessed^and;- returnedi'-'H j ' - ? i-; Itlappearsy'that, ; after Vail,; the. --Panamd ^contract entered ?Wto';by;JMr.\Crosbib/'W filially ^^rejedted by '. ^tbe1 New-' Zealand ''Gbyernment.' The: New Zealand/ Herald'pfth'orloth ult'. -.sayB'.:.^.' *«? The contract ; is' neither 'rdtififed nor; -feiebt'ed; The' matter' stands; byer; for; the i:decisibn;:bf ?the'Gerieral'. : Afisembly at: it's ? next', me'btmg,; arid; theipresent :Mi-r riistry'Bb.faxroponly co'^e'^s^e^terasVpf/tlfeVcoiit' traofc as'to'dBolkre -.ihatji uriless'-niiatorialiy'. altered,- ^ they$!canript recommend; them tothe ^fayorable' notice Jot the'Assembly. ^.Thus^tne fhial'setttemehtstarids' ? over for another^- twelve 'monthBi'. : ??; .?;,?% ', ?]' : ? ' '-!?, . r in ,: cbmpiiaiice with an^prder;* of *-tiie /Legislative 'Assemlily, a'.rbt^^ the.'quantity :-- pf , 'gold ;; transmitted -thrbughi.the Cus-t tbms.-.departmprit duriiig -.itto''ydar;;;.'i86Jf-,-:ahdv-:the:1 ?quantity ^exporfed vdukwg each^mprithVof 1864, up'tb^ the!: 16th': March1.1 r-: I-!r 6m;it ''? ; weV loarn* that ' the qudn-/ tity of gold transmitted tlifbn'gh'th'e Customs depart-': ment during tho year^l8.63:jvas 'l;626,'956'oz. .The quantity of gold eipoifted during January,' 1864, Was 123,429 oz ; February,; 1864; ip8';808 ; and from Marcht 1st to;J6tbJ3864,; 81^861 p^.;- , ,,; '-:'::\\.-- ?'. ,Tho'foUowing,ludicrous;spene;'is reported by. the' ? Goelbrig Adyertisef la's ha,ying,'b.ccuiT6d in the insol ybrit court- bh; tho :4th; /insltftnt;:^.1 A'l lady of somo wh.at;proppsseBsing:appe'aranoo made an * applicatibri; to Mia Honor, 'on behalf *of 'her/husbarid, for an'al-1. lowanco out of the estate. Tho bflicial aBsignbo: offered, no objection, inasmuch as the estate would, ho observed, yield ' 20s in the pound; ' His Honor obsorvod that us tho insolvent was himself in court, tho application should bo mado by him personally. In vain the lady ploadod that the ooourrenoos of tho ,day had slightly overcome her bettor (?) half ; the husband was called, and with difficulty made his way to the front of the bench, when the following dialogue, with its certainly unlookcd for denouo 'ment, took placo : — His Honor: Your wife asks for an.allowance from tho estate. What trade are you ? Insolvent (endeavoring to work up his memory) : A saddler. His Honor : Could you not obtain work atBallaarab after your insolvency? Insolvent (in an abstracted manner) : No. His Honor : How ' many children have you ? Insolvent (mentally following up the previous question) : Might perhaps if I tried, but I should bo suro to injure myself. It is almost needless to add that roars of laughter fol lowed this extraordinary announcement, tlie lady alone exhibiting an amazement that can better ba imagined than described.' The Henry Ellis sailed from South Aus tralia, . with the expedition for the Northern Territory, on Saturday, the 30th ultimo. By . some parties it is said that tho vessel is far top small for the work 'in which she is engaged, : ana that tboro is not propor accommodation for the : stock. ,N A correspondent, writing to the Register on « this subject, -says: — 'Every one, like myself, felt interested in the undertaking, and was inclined to put a fair face on matters as the stores woro being stowed' in the- hold,. -and the .bunks wore in the. course of nailing .up, because it was hoped some regularity would ' ultimately result from it ; but a visit to the ship half an hour before she was towed '.from the port would havo furnished enough for two chapters in Dickears Household Words. Bags of bron, biscuit, potatoes, chairs and cannon, ram rods and sheep, cables and dogs, hay and stores, galvanisod iron tanks and timbers, guns and car riages, 'winches and iron bedsteads, celery and . fowls, spars' and houses in fragments, all woro piled in heterogeneous confusion as high as tins topgallant rail ; while, bolow, tho stato of affairs was but little improved, for it would appear one' party had filled tho space uader the table, and another that compartment over it, so that clearance was a doubtful affair. ? In the hold thoro were horses abreast the main hatchway ' (quite a proper placo) ; but next came pairs of unfortunate bullooks 'crammed into- spaces where- it was -impossible for them , to move,,,, Amidships. ,were.- water and beds, tar, sugar,' and flour, and a flock of sheep to fill in any ^interstices. It is not an imaginary picture, for it is Jcertain economy of space is necessary in ships, but not to an extent onty equalled onboard a slaver. .If.. two- ships of a similar tonnage had been selected, there would . have : been no spare room, properly.! speaking, for !the. stock and pro perty on: board;, and ifis well known ithe present arrangements are insufficient . to- carry - out the de sired result.'. A letter, written at the time of sail ing, however, had been received, from Mr Finniss, which stated that all the stock had' been properly 1 and comfortably secured/ ' ?. - i ? Speaking' of, the weather and crops in Tasmania, 1 the Launceaton JExdmiricr - says :— '''April has brought with it most genial ?weather;,': None com» plain of want ;of . feed, . while moderate! rains have so .softened' the ground, that; operations with the plough may-now' ; be general. We wish we could ?add that besides the plough, ^renovation was being given to the land. : It ; is; melancholy to .reflect on the 'state 'Longford arid Evandale are 'ilpw in from ;bad farming, and remember what'they! were fifteen or twenty years baok. Then sought after for not .only their yield, but the superior quality of the land in many 'parts ;. they are now not worth. the break ing iip, and are marked .'only for ; coarse thistles and noxious weeds. ; V f; -1 '? 'Jj Hops axe now being very satisfactorily cultivated in Tasmania. The' Ballaarat /Star says :—' Mr Shoobridge, of Valleyfield, New Norfolk, Tasmania, has sent us a' sample of his hops of the growth of 1864,'fwhioh are full of aroma' and ' evidentlv of 'capital quality. 4-He ^has now twenty-four acres ?under cultivation- with ; this valuable product, and expresses himself 'willing, to Uet our Acclimatisa tibri'Society ?' have fiye, or six; thousand plants when he'-prunes in- September,T;fPrjgeneral distribution .throughout, the. colony, -on fthe liriderstanding that . the, expenses of -.cutting 'and-'packirigare paid. We rpresuine Mr: Shbobridge'. means his lib oral offer for the older society of ^^ Melbourne, ^butwb feel assured that the local Acclimatisation Society-would willingly take rchorge : ^ndijiidioipusly; distribute; a ^^ moiety of .the. thousands1* he purposes' to confer upon Victoria. We feers'atisfied'-that.with;^ ^proper; ^protection from .the.hot grinds, an: ''eastern -aspect,1 thorough trench ing; the. system :.of rn\anuring- we ? have ^^Jppmted out, ? and a cbinpeterit system-of artificialirrigation, the cul 'turebf the hop will in -Victoria prove eminently pro fitable, :_It.is'a mintake to suppose tli'atthe climate of ^ Victoria.' is .neoessarily.- too.arid: for the' hop.'be ? cause artificial irrigation 'is readily procurable, and the cost riot unjustifiecl.by the probable results. Mr .Shbpbridge's ' suggestion that intending cultivators of -hops shpjdd visit Vallbyfibld. iriay ho safely left ;to.their, own judghient.'.f'r .'?:,? *' ?;--'v.:-.:-' .7-The agricultural statistics for North Gipps Land, :for{the year ending the 31st March last,' have been supplied te * the: Gipps' Lind ?'» Times. Eef erring to .them, that jp^rialsaysl-i'^ They '-r-: the statistics— ;Mmpst painfully illu'strate.thofesult of the disastrous 'haryest - just passed.t . Fr,bin-time-;iinmemorial tho jwhe'atcrophas 'been 'considered the bbne and sinew Ipf^folrmer's^terest^a^^the^alue' of this^rop in a aew^countryiis of; more ;cbmparatiye importanoo than iOoia be tii'e'.case in.any ? of - the older ^^ countries of the iwbrid;^- Wheat;;ms,iNjorth . Gipps iand is still the staplecrbp'of Ae/farinerl' and owing to the increaaed demahdVexperioricod.in' 1862 and the beginning of ?1863^ ^agriculturists had- increased the breadth of land :nrider? wheats by; 682; apres. Notwithstanding ;this:irioreas'e',,of area; the1 returns- 'made to the col ?ledtpr, of . agrioultural^statistics show a decrease of 34,897;' bushels1;:; or,- should the whole breadth sown have produced at the same ratio as in 1863, a loss is shown of over 50;000 bushels. It is some comfort, ?however;- to think that, notwithstanding this, heavy rldssf. amongst' .pur: few agriculturists, all, or very nearlyajly staridrin ? a very good position. There is no; complaining,^ no grumbling— tho Englishman's ?privilege is- not even resorted to.' ? :-Thb 'annual' ineeting. of. tthb shareholders of tho National Bank; of ?Australasia :wa^ held on tho 3rd inst., orithe premises, jiriCpilins street— Sir Franois Murphy .presiding. .The report ^exhibits a very pros perous state of things; -and speared' to give amplo satisfaction tothbhoiaerspf, the Btocfc-., Tho profit and loss account shows a net profit bn the half-year of £27,041. 8b 9d; Of this sum, £16,000 will bo distributed in dividends, at tho rate of 8 per cent., and 1fi9,000 added to tho reserve fund, which will thus be mado up to the amount of £27,000. The rotiring directors, Mossrs Power and Sutherland, were rp-elootod, and Mr H, Henty wan appointed: an auditor -in /the place: of MrButohart, wiQi\Mr Murphy as .his colleague. ? .i: .j,if .iThe, lant intelligence received,, rfrom. Otago, Now Zealand, .shows; r that province to bo at.,present, to sojr.the I* least,, a most, undesirable, field for, immigra tion j, nearly, all, the miners and 'others of ,the labor ing!^ classes , who' were in a position to dor'so were leaving either for Victoria or for the neVly discovered gold-field at MarlbprbughV The 'previous' '''advices brought rather more favorable news, as theMolyneux had fallen, and great* hopes were entertained that the /diggers would be enabled to:wbrk the rioh de posits which are: believed to/exist in; the bed of the riyer. Unfortunately, however,,) their expectations were doomed to disappointment, for a few days' warm weather. rapidly melted, the snow ori'the adjacent ranges' and the river again rose to its old dimen sions.1 As_ winter has : now fairly set in in that province, and heavy rains' may be1 expected, it is feared that all chances vof worlring the Molyneux for at- least another -nine months are at end. . Nope of the. other ; diggings were in. a . flourishing condition, and;, Dunedin consequently is ^represented as being almost in a state . of collapse. ; Several ) failures had been publicly, announced, others were rumored and commercial credit generally was 'very much, shaken. In the i principal street of- the, town, there were no less! than thirty-eight business premise? advertised either 'for sale or to' lot. The correspondent of the Geelong Advertiser, writirig from Dunedin, gives the following depressing picture 'of affairs :-1—-' Indeed we are now ina bad1 case, for never were things wearing so miserable an aspect as at this- juncture. The,, Governmentii is, it may :; be * said,* .bankrupt, Nearly £350,000 in debt ; its, creditgone,; all public works /about to bo stopped ;; its. revenue anticipated and the, council at sixes /and' sevens., -. Wehave a Ministry without a. majority, but no men which can be selected from the majority capable pf'fprming a Ministry! 'Our province in its whole' area is about as large as one of your counties;- - Its average yield of gold during the besttwo months of the year is about- 10,000 ounces weekly. The population of the whole of -the - province, including the gold-fields, the. agricultural and pastoral ? districts, its city and inland town is. under, 50,000 ; and to govern such a handful we paidf last year for .,. salaries alone as follows.;— T-Por officials in, the. gold-fields department, £22,572 ; for bur police force, including chief com missioner,' 'clerks, inepeotors,^ sergeants,. &c;, £76,000 has been expended ; the gaol department, £11,000; £4000 for the geological ' department ; £14,000 under the head- of -miscellaneous expendi ture;! our hospitals cost,' us nearly; £18,000 ; the road : engineer's .department, .£14,000, ;; and so' on through innumerable , departments does this. system of .'extravagant expenditure prevail. , .What colony or; province with, such limited resources as this could stand such an out-going' without , falling to ruin ?', Should the new gold-field opened, at Marlborbugh. prove, of' any considerable' .extent, the position of' Otago will' be still further affected,' and its decline, for a time at least, greatly accelerated. -; -This', ' however, does ? not seem very probable', and although, perhaps, of but little use,, we would — as we did when such a mad rash first set in for Otago — warn pur miners, not.tp be. too, hasty, to make a change. There is no doubt some very rich deposits ©f gpldhave been struck onthe Wakamarina river. Wo have, apparently well authenticated, accounts of one party having obtained eight pounds' weight of gold in ten days; of another getting ten ounces 'in four hours; another party of four, five ounces in six hours i and so on ; but it must be remembered that nearly all this gold 'was being obtained at 'the same spot; ? and ? that , was : in the. bed of the river: It is : true, that auriferous indications have' been traced along the banks of the river for a considerable distance, : but every miner of ? experience knows how often he, has been deceivedi by the most favorable ' indications.' ' It iuusf also be remembered that before any parties from here could reach , the Marl borough /'gold'-fields, winter will have commenced, accompanied ;by the usual heavy floods, which will render the bed and all the lower parts'of the Waka marina entirely unworl£able: for -many months to come... We. are not alone in giving this caution, for even:ihe,local journals are fully impressed with the disastrous consequences which , would, ^result from any-large influx, of people during theiwinter months, when the diggings now, discovered .would .be., under water,' , arid, tee' distress arid miserywhicli'would be 'entailed' upon theminersthemBelyesTf-warn them in the strongest manner not to'rnsh' imprudently to the new Eldorado, but to wait until the extentvof the gold-field- has been better ascertainedi or until there is at least some more assured prospect of success than existsx.:at the present time.'.' ':???!/ ' ' The'1 'authorities 'in; New SbuiiWales'ap'p'ear to have1 a very delicateway of dealing with the'criminal population'.of; that country/- It would -appear from recent! joocurrences^i/that-the iigreater.iandi more desperate thej criminal; the: more oarefullyLjs. he to be nourished.and,attende'a:.to;.,.,.,The;; S,,;M. Herald, in a reoent, .article) upon ..the. , condition., of jthe two colonies of Sjew South' W^ea and/ Yictoria, referred to th' enlarge, n^^^ penal est^biishineHts,' gaols, and- Ipokups'of ' the 1 latter as something ' very l horrible — apparently '^entirely for getting1 the fact that here we have- a vigilant police, that orime seldom goesr unpunished,1 that the career of aoy/desperatoicriminal.'is'Arery soon -brought to a close, and that lifeland-j, property is as: secure! as in the, ; most i civilised ^portion of the, .old: world, .whilst in New, South WjOles the* very, opposite,! is the case. There,. ithoughperhaps.i.thegapls.mayjbecompara- tively empty, it is .because, the priminarpbpulation room at : will ? over the ,' entire breadih of the/colony, inaugurating a reign 'of _'te:rr6r^'^cpmp'elling/ Vp'ersons ' residing in 'scattered districts',1 and who 'would be honest if they could, to h'edqme' their accomplices by affording them assistance and shelter, and rendering both life and -property notoriously unsafe.' ii. We con fess to htiving a proferenceifor. the way.they manage these . things -in, Victoria, , and .think' it infinitely more pleasant, that.pur . bushrangers, and , burglars Bhojajd- be, provided . 'for '._&'.', gaol /,timn, that wo should ?; , be/ ( either' stopped ' on ./the' roads, or awakened '' ' out ?'/ of pur ',' sleep -s at' ' night by them,, ('oiid'' relieved of our' little' belongings' even though the operation were performed by1 practition ers' sp skilled aud' celebrated as Messrs ; Gilbert and Gardiner. '? Butthoi oriminal law;, as administered in Now South Wales,, .can have comparatively little terror for the; evil-doers.: There tia apparently on the part o£ the judges, a strong desire to make, tilings ploasarit for those who are'soinnfortunate as to fall by chance into' sthe ;harids of ,tho.pblioe. ; Thus wo seo that Vahe, ! after his' desporatb j career, 'has boon only ' sentenced' to- ; fifteen;, lyeaite'; .imprisonment. True, as a reason for' this,' 'it inight,bQ- stated that ho' gave himsolf up, and therefore merited somo slight consideration. But then tliero is Gardiner, who, after a long oaroor of orime and bloodshed, has been at last apprehended, and' we We told that he is not to be proceeded against on the capital charge, it being considered quite sufficient to deal with him as with Vane. But perhaps the most remarkable freak of criminal jurisprudence was one recently indulged in by the presiding judge at the Goulburn criminal court, 'who, in sentencing two prisoners— Frank Stanley, and Charles. Jones— each for two separate offences— in, the first case of store robberies, and in the second one of horse ' stealing ' and one of rob bery under arms; — to' twelve years' imprisonment, for each offence, ordered that both sentences should commenoo and date from, the same time. To have made the force complete, he should have ordered each prisoner to have received double rations. V ; We understand that negotiations are in progress between the Melbourne; and Hobson's Bay and the Melbourne YvEailway Companies, with, the object of relieving the Colonial ; Bank from its con nection with the latter company, and amalgamation of both railways. 'In the event of the negotiations arriving v at a successful termination, the Brighton company ^rill also bei/ihcluded, arid the Melbourne and BJobsbn's;Bay';,Company intend connecting the pjreserif j'St. (SKilda'A aM ..''Brighton loop-line- with Emerald Hill, and also forming anew station at the bridge, /near the junction, St. Kilda, with the view ipf securing the brafllo from that locality, and forming a completeirail^ay communication amongst all the suburbs in; that direction. /. ?-;?: -'/''!Y;; i - .?';?:'? '/ ???-;?'?? ~In another, column. will be found the particulars of ; a new ; gold-field whioh , has been opened.in the province of Marlborougli, New ..Zealand;/, A ;rush has, of course, , already set; in, whicsh. is ''referred, to by the Otago Times, as- follows :-—',,rEh.e rash to, Morlborough; is already; assuming somewhat large: dimensions. We are 'informed numbers of persons fr6Ini^a^;?;?patte^^pf;^tn(9;;;Middle!?.I8bid,'-?alia/?!frpm. Welliigtonj //are wending their, way to ; this ?latest El/Dpradb. -^Wages' are; stated to ha.ve': risen in tfie-i neighboring : i towns^' to ? thrice their ^'normal rate-;' a; large advance on ordinary prices, is. asked for /goods .arid; ^ supplies' -of -all, sorts ; lucrative, situations', are.; being 'thrown up,; , /persons Vare rushing _y to -.- ; -the j,/ gold-field unmindful * , of / / ) the hardships ...they] , will ;? have /.; to/' .undergo, ;;bear ing in miad --only 'the/; what ??'' to '/them' seem : certain profits — in short, in the' provinces of Nelson and Morlborough ore to be discovered all those evidences of social disorganisation which attend the first discovery of gold deposits.' The Marlborough Press thus warns persons not to be too rash in rush ing the new Eldorado :— ' One thing we wish most earnestly to press upon such of our readers as may be 'deliberating about going to the Wakamarina, and that is simply this — at ? the present -time the only spot where gold has at1 allbeen found in pay able . quantities is in the Wakamarina river; and, as. there is necessarily but: a limited extent of ? country, it, is. quite impossible to say how. many miles of it has .already been taken up. It should be remembered by intending voyagers that in a few weeks from this the winter will have set in, accom panied by its usual heavy floods, which will prevent any further operations in the bed and low parts of the banks of the river, from which places hitherto the whole of the gold has been taken.' The existence of salmon in the colony may now be regarded as an accomplished fact, one, of the ova having, on the 7th insfc., /and another .on the 11th inst., come to life. /.The:, others, we are glad to learn, . are; in..: a healthy ri.and ... .promising condition, arid- are;;expeoted, : in -the; cpurse-of ./ a few days, to follow/ the . good .example/that lias been set them. . Captain Tonkin will thus.be able to leave the colony, on . his; return passage.with the: glad satisfaction that his services in bringing- out the ova hdvo.been crowned -with success, and to feel, assured., that his name;. and ..that of the good ship Norfolk, :_whioh . he so , ably commands, .will in all time coming, be/an Australian household word. , It willbe seen,:from,bur Tasmariiari intelligence, -that some of the salmon and trout ova taken to Hobart Town havealso, been -hatohed.--' :~~'\ /' '. / ' It is reported, that Dr.; Goold, the. Roman Catholic Bishop'bf /Melbourne, wiU, leaverthe' colony by the* September.maUiVvj;;,;.;^;...1.:-'.: :????'? -??;'-:;'';' '?:-?-'/?. \\- ?' ? A cbrresDondent of the New Zealonder furnishes the following -estimate of the war /expenditure in Auckland :— \l /We have, I think, about 5000 men enrolled in the five Waikatpregiriierits. The British soldier, ? with his; small pay, and all ,y the appliances which' money can procure for maintaining hint eco nomically, costs the j Imperial Government £100 a year. ^ '.Supposing the Woikato regimeits to cost no more! thanithe English regiments, there Iwpuld be half .a^jnilliorii a year ;; but the actual: cost must be much greater- j';; The, cost of passage/ of those men with'theiriwives and children, the maintenance of all, the clothing, 'accoutrements,: barrack; accom modation, .staff, and their superior -rate pf pay, 'willi bring thefigarejinuoh higher, 'and I think that £200 per man per annum rwill not be over 'the! mark. 'For this year at :ledst a million /of money .will be /re-; quired for the ;fivo Waikatb.regiments. -There are; besides several .thousands of volunteers and' inilitia,- ; men, /whose pay, clothing,' arid /labor-*, must also ^ -be providodfbr ; there are also Woikatb' steamers, and coasting: -? steamers, :'and « a/ whole 'cloud of '.the' ' friends'' of ministers, who 'are getting^ rioh /'arid fat at the1 pubUo cost; riiay I venture to put an other million downfor them'?'. ,'- That is two million a year of actual^looalvar expenditure, iridepenr; dently of % that large' share of ;the Imperial charges, whioh will most certainly be: thrown upon ;this colony. -I 'shall probably be far within the mark if I put down' the present war expenditure .of the looal Government at £180,000 per.mbnth.': ?.? ; .' : / A ., small jscbooner, the ; third ' sailing .vessel that ' has jbeen .built in the colony, was; launched on ?Sa-.: turday,;.the! 7th: irst.'/ from the yard ?? of the South: Melbourne'Ship-buildirig Company, which is situated on,the: south bank ;pf the ' Yarra,/ nearly opposite. Batman's Hill.- The vessels is 80 toria!menianreitimit.: her length of keelJO feet ;, length, overfall, 75 feet ; ;. depth pfiholdr 18 feet; 'and .breadth: of beamj;9'feet.: Her framing i';is ','of ,;red :gum, 'planking blue^/guin^ and ? deck,]. of ;,lcaurip/ pine.. ? She is thus, entirely a colonial production. ;£Beingvintehded for- the intorr. colonial ;. ;trddeV , ' she isi /built ':on ': lines '.that: are : cdl- ' oulated:io.giveierjlargO;.cto with .j'swifti'sailmg whoni.^;, slie' -''lias j; jbbe&h;'^btujlt^consists '/of an ' assopidtibn/;bf ;. working /?.ion^iaritiOTl?:iMr-v.T^UUam.i: Knight, who dot&as-; manager, /was/a;jrie*mber of a' similar association 'in Dundee, 'Scotlarid, T^rh'o built; some of tho finest and swif test; vessols^fcelbriging to' that port. Tho schooner which has not yet been named, is calculated to rate Al for twelve years at least — the red gum,: of whioh' her ; tiirib'ering consists,' never having been known, in tho ooui'so of twonty fivo years careful observation, to have boon even spotted with tho slightest symptom of decay. The vessel has been built for sale, and we trust the enter prise will meet with the encoriragoment it so well de serves, andsuchos will induce the company to continue ?their operations. / It iBworthy of mention that the%rst sailing vessel of any size built in the colony, was built about twelve years ago, by d similar company, of which Mr Knight was also one of the principal partners. -A large concourse of gentlemen inte rested, in maritime: affairs, witnessed the launch, which was in the highest degree successful. .We ore informed that/the company are able to build vessels of much larger tonnage for less than the out lay that would be inourred in having one built in England and brought out to this colony. * The sealed tenders ' for Victorian Bail way Deben tures to the amount of £200,000, dated 1st October, 1860 and; 1861, in sums of £100, £50, £25 and £10, were opened, 10th inst., at the/Treasury. ' There were, as will be seen, 484 tenders of £100; 170 of £50; 66 of £25 ; and 69 of £10, making a total of £260,2d0. The Savings Bank tendered for £200,000. A;written application was afterwards made to' the Treasurer, '?.-:'? requesting , the issue : of the /deben tures applied ;for to all . tenderers at and over the Treasury limit of £105 10s beyond the £200,000 which had been offered; by. Government, and most of which, were obtained by the Savings Bank. / To 'the application were- appended the signatures;- of Messrs John Matheson, William. Eoutledge, W, ;H. Cropper,. G. G. Brown, and Co.,; J.*.;B. Were and Son, William Clarke and Sons, 'and John Walten, representing, a large proportion of ; the amount ten dered for. The Government subsequently resolved; to accept all tenders at and over' the fixed premium. ' ; ,The immigatiori returns of the colony of ,yictorid for the month of April show, that; during that month, ,the . arrivals.; numbered i2910,: and the departures 1875.: Of the .'arrivaisi-: 1980; were from the neigh-: boring cbloriies— rthe, -greater, number frorii' :New Zealand-T-and ,930 were from ..the United; Kingdom arid foreign Z ports. ,; The . departures: consisted of 1156 to tiSe 'neighboring '. colonies, i and 719/ to the ;IJnited Kingdom'.and fbreigri, ports. ; ./ ; /?;/.,':. ?/ ?-.;' The; lOthinst^vMrs/A^ex Hunter obi ?rant against; ' her ; hnsband,-Di'^ ; Hunter, /whom. - she charged -with refushig/. /and;: ^^ neglecting,'; to 'obey an order of the court for her maintenance. She alleges that he was required to pay her £8 monthly, and that, when he ? left Melbourne for Dunedin, at the beginning of 'November, 1863, there was £8 due to her. ' Since then the arrears have accumulated to £56, and to obtain this sum she has procured the issue of this warrant,- whioh, we presume, will pro ceed to Dunedin at tho first opportunity. ; ., '':.;..;. A return showing the number of persons— no- . minees— sent for from ; the United Kingdom by per sons residents in Victoria, from 26th June, 1863,jto, the 25th April, 1864, is published in the.Government Gazette of 10th inst. The total number of persons sent for was 5602, of these 3329 were from Ireland, 615 were from Scotland, and 1658 were from Eng land and Wales. 'From,' England and Wales there were 717 males and . 941 females; from Scotland there were 282 males and 333 females ; and from Ireland 1386 males and 1943 females. The Chief Secretary intimated in the Assembly, 11th inst., in reply to Mr O'Shanassy, that he hoped the state of business would enable the Government to bring the session to a close on Friday, the 27th inst.; -.. ?? ?. --. : '? ?? - - ? '- ' - ? .-'. .'.:. .' . . It is notified in the/ daily papers that \ the railway department have determined upon, dis continuing, after the 1st proximo,: the excursion ? tickets hitherto' granted on Saturdays andSunddys, and which are ?- available; for return on the . ; Monday 'following. , / ^/i-. ??-?'. ?„' :/';?' /?/:/: The ]Vfelbourri'e;correspondentof ^tiio Ballarat Star' says :— r' I understand that there are, likely to be no further local land sales, as it is found that, the per sonal influence of /the wealthy landowners or squat ters is* too great to allow any sale to be conducted as it ought. A- large quantity of land in the white will be shortly sold, chiefly in Ballaarat ' and Melbbume. Land at Camperdown will shortly be sold/ at Bal laarat, and ,it is hoped that by holding the sales in the centres of population, collusion will be more difficult, and that ..a fair market price will be ob tained.'1 ^ ?/;'.//'-/ '///'//?, .. . ./?;';/:/!;.... The Lower Darling correspondent of the Eiverine Herald reports the occurrence of the highest flood ever tyet known in the Eiver ^Darling.: The mail cannot proceed further than Polia, Mr M'Lean's sta tion, about ninety miles from Wentworth., Nearly the whole of Menindie is. under water, and almost tbe whole of the settlers up the river have been flooded out from their homesteads. J 'The. river,' says the writer, ;' is rising at the rattf*. of twelve inches' peri idiom, and we fully i.expeot .to be flooded, as the water is six. .feet higher at Mount Mufohi^on': than it bag: ever 'before /been known to be;';' A /letter /from ; Port Burke, ' i speaking of the, recent t'flood, /: also; says :— ' This' y has boen- the '4 1 highest j. flood,! ever, a,; white '/;moji has; seen /.here.' ./:iThp .town.JrWas.. covered, j yrithout exception^ with not less than four -feet, of ; water,' ?and.;the:/water:;;froin.''one'''sidbi ;of '- the river , to' the' other , ayeraged; fifty miles.//;; Tie/loss7 of the squatters; is enormous, * , There /are not less, than; 30,000 -sheep drowned in' our neighborhood, ? of which we; have proof.' / ''*? /' * ;/ s ??- ',??.?'--,-. , Contejipi op Courx : A Scene. — Joseph Cook-: barn, ; tie defendant in an ; assaul6fcase*'yesterday,' had a narrow escape of being sent to the look-up for six hours/for contempt of court. ;; He refused to reply ,f' Yes,'.' or ' No,' to a plain question /put by Mr Daly,i P.M. ! The affair created quite a scene in court.;', ;Thb obstinate!- defendant was being hurried out ; of: ;court- by the constables, while his counsel (Mr Pridham) . was ;violently protesting .against ,the proceeding. /Before the constables and their pri soner had made their ' exit, Mr T)aly, P.M.1, recalled them, and upon Cookbnrn apologising, the casepro- ;ceeded; but Mr Daly deolared-;tb1it. he! would have that court respebted..: So 'mu»h for, defendant, i Now for his. counsel. :\Tho:f6Ubwing_:dialbgupf will show how matters ^standi betv?een Mr Pridhorii [and. : the ?bench:— Upon .the police' magistrate ordering the defendant, into custody, .Mr. Pridhjun oxolaimod in a very excited manner:' I must protest against'tho benph; committing;- a 'man because they ; cannot ex tract irbmhim a; direct VYes ' or '-N©.'.^'^^..^-. fendant was in myhands'.^Mr Daly, P.M;;:; If you use snoh language; 'ta'.tbis bench; ; we will riot . hear ypuj.'Mr-Pridham, 'in* this court at' all. : Mr* P. Thompson:: It is! .most .infamous and indecont ! Mr Daly proceedod* to read the clause of the act giving justices powor to commit for contempt, and oxpressod.' his: idetdrmmaUon .'to.i have .that court rospcoted. Mr Pridliam again protested. The matter was thoiji allowed to drop. — Daylenforci Mercury, May 7. *, '- ' ' ^^.^ ' ' ' 