CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. The quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Com merce was held on Monday afternoon, at the Sxchange. Mr. W. J. Brind, Chairman of the Chamber, presided. There were about 40 members m attendance. synopsis. The Chairman read the following:— ' Synopsis of the Committee's proceedings for the Quarter ending 30th April, 1864. 'BANKRUPTCY LAWS. At the last general meeting the Chamber passed three resolutions, which the Committee were requested to consider and act upon. The first was as follows:— 'That the Imperial Bank ruptcy Act, 1861, be referred to the Committee of this Chamber for their opinion as to the propriety of its adoption in South Australia.' Your Committee appointed a Subcommittee of their number to examine the Imperial Act referred to, and having adopted their report they now submit it for the consideration of the meeting. It is as follows:— ''The Committee to whom was referred the Imperial Insolvency Act for their opinion as to the propriety of its adoption in South Australia nave carefully considered that measure, and are of opinion that to adapt it to the circumstances of this colony it would require such material altera tion that it would be better to ripeal so much of HienLo!:al Act,M llas ir» i1* working been found ineffective, and to adopt certain portions of the Imperial Act in the place of the clauses so ex punged. The features of the Imperial Act which the Committee think preferable to those of the Local Act are three in number, viz., the discharge granted to insolvents, the mode of changing from bankruptcy to arrangement, and the manner of dealing with offences under the Act . ''The Committee are of opinion that theldis tmction hitherto made in the class of certificate granted to insolvents has not been found in prac tice to be of any value.4 ''They are also of opinion that the system of conveying estates to trustees for the benefit of creditors, or settling under deeds of arrangement, as at present allowed by the Local Act, has failed to give satisfaction to the trading community and think it would be better to follow the Imperial Act, which requires that every insolvent should first declare himself, and that at the first or subse quent meeting of creditors, called for that purpose it should be decided by vote whether the estate is to be dealt with under bankruptcy or otherwise. ''The Committee are further of opinion that the English plan of allowing insolvents charged with ottences under the Act the benefit of being tried by a Jury is decidedly preferable to throwing upon the Court the onus of exercising the func tions of both Judge and Jury. ' 'Should the Committee of the Chamber think it necessary to take any steps to procure an amend ment of the existing Law of Insolvency, the Com mittee suggest that the questions of secured cre ditors voting for the change from bankruptcy to arrangement and the custody of an insolvent's estate require consideration. The Committee are of opinion that every creditor should be required to declare the nature and value of the security he holds; that such as are secured to the extent of one-half the amount of their debt should not be allowed to vote at all ; and that the assignee of the estate should at any time within 21 days from the first meeting of creditors be empowered to pur chase for the estate any security held by a creditor at the valuation he has placed upon it; nlso that the Official Assignee should be empowered to take possession of an insolvent's estate immediately on declaration, instead of waiting for adjudication, as both the English and Local Acts now require. ''Wm. Jno. Brind. ' 'John Acraman. ''Thos. Graves.' 'loop-line from dry creek to the port. 'The next resolution was— 'That the attention of the Committee be requested as to the propriety of moving the Government to make the loop-fine from the Dry Creek to the Port, and for on addition to the rolling-stock on the railway.' The Com mittee having, carefully considered this matter, and the necessity of early action being taken re garding it, presented the following memorial to Government on the subject:— ' ' To the Honourable the Commissioner of Public Works, &c;, &c;, &c.; ''The Memorial of the South Australian Cham ber of Commerce ' 'Respectfully showeth— ' 'Tiat your memorialists haying had. under consideration the serious inconvenience and loss which, notwithstanding the utmost efforts of the railway officials in running extra trains pight and day, arises from the large and still increasing traffic of the Northern line during certain periods of the year, beg respectfully, to call the attention of the Government to the subject. ' 'That it appears necessary to remove the im mense traffic between the Port and the North entirely from the Adelaide terminus, where it occasions so great delay and obstruction to business. ' 'That your memorialists are of opinion that this purpose would be effected by the construction of a line from the Grand Junction or Dry Creek Stations to the Port Station; that by this method the traffic between the Port and the North would be diverted on the north side of the river, and the necessity for marshalling and shunting the laden trucks at the Adelaide terminus, which now forms bo large a portion of the work done by the engines, would be entirely done away with, effecting thereby a great saving of time both in the transit of the goods and in the dispatch of the ordinary Port trains, and relieving the rolling-stock from the wear and tear caused by the ascent to the Adelaide Station. ' ' That the line from the Grand Junction to the Port would be four miles in length, but would diminish by about 81 miles the distance to be tra velled by each train, and would remove the Northern traffic not only from the Adelaide Sta tion, but also from the City and Port line, thereby obviating the necessity for a second line of rails for many years to come— a necessity which will otherwise arise at a very early date; and that this line, if taken along the road which runs directly east and west from the Grand Junction to within a few yards of the railway property at Port Ade laide, would be on a level, and would not involve the necessity for the purchase of any land. ' 'Your memorialists, therefore, respectfully urge upon the Government the consideration of the matter, and the necessity of an early construc tion of the line referred to, as the most effectual means of meeting the growing requirements of the Northern Railway traffic, and of avoiding that loss of time in the conveyance of both goods and pas sengers which is now so much and so justly com plained of. ' 'And your memorialists would also respect fully but earnestly recommend to the Government a large and early increase of the present amount of rolling-stock, which is clearly inadequate to the work which the railway is expected and ought to be prepared to do during a considerable portion of each year, and which occasions so great a loss to the commercial and agricultural interests of the colony. ' ' Wm. Jno. Brind, Chairman. ''E. J. Spenoe, Deputy-Chairman. *' 'D. Melville, Secretary. ' 'Chamber of Commerce, April 14,' 1864.' ' To this memorial the following reply haTbeen received:— ' 'Public Works, Office, Adelaide, „. , April i!6, 1864. ''Sir— lam directed by the Commissioner to acknowledge receipt of a memorial from the Chamber of Commerce, calling the attention of the Government to the inconvenience and loss arising from the inability of the railway to meet the large and still increasing traffic of the Northern line during certain periods of the year; and, as a means of obviating this, advocating the construction of a ine from the Grand Junction or Dry Creek Station o the Port Station; and, further, suggesting a large and early increase of the present amount of rolling-stock. ''fam directed to request you to inform the Chamber of Commerce that the Government are ully alive to the importance of the subjects thus brought before them, and are giving the same every consideration. ''Ihave,&c;, ..-,-.,, .. '-w- s- M- Button, Secretory. ' 'D. Melville, Esq., Secretary Chamber of Commerce.' 'BRIDGING THE MURRAY. 'The third resolution was— 'That the Com mittee be requested to call the attention of the Government to the necessity of bridging the Murray.' On this subject your Committee ad dresed the following letter to the Commissioner of Public Works:— ' ' The attention of the Chamber having been drawn to the serious losses sustained by many stockholders through the delay in crossing sheep, &c;, at the Wellington Ferry, on the River Murray, occasioned by the flooded state of the flats adjoin ing the river, and the insufficiency of the punt for the rapidly- increasing traffic in the export of stock overland, I am directed to invite the immediate attention of Government to the necessity which exists of making adequate provision for the increasing requirements of a trade of so great importance, not only to stockholders, but to the colony at large. ''I have, &c;, ' 'D. Melville, Secretary.' 'To this the following answer was received:— ' 'Public 'Works Office, Adelaide, April 22, 1864. ''Sir— I am directed by the Commissioner to acknowledge receipt of your letter of 14th inst, statinc that the attention of the Chamber of Com merce has been drawn to the insufficiency of the a.corainodation for crossing sheep, &c;, at the Wellington Ferry, on the River Murray, and inviting the attention of the Government to the necessity which exists for making more adequate provision for this service. ' ' I am to inform you, in reply, that the Go vernment have now under consideration the means by which increased facilities may be offered for crossing stock ovftr the River Murray. ''I have, &c;, ' W. S. M. Hutton, Secretary. ' 'D. Melville, Esq., Secretary Chamber of Commerce.' ' Wm. Jno. Brind, Chairman. 'D. Melville, Secretary.' The Chairman moved that the report be received and adopted. He remarked that the replies of the Government to the memorials of the Committee did not indicate what action it waa intended to take, but perhaps the answera con tained as much as they could expect to receive. (Hear.) The Government could do nothing in regard to the extension of the railway without the concurrence of the Parliament, with regard to the question of amending the Insolvent Act, to which the attention of the Committee had Iwen directed, he would like to hear the opinions of any gentlemen who might be disposed to address him on the subject. Mr. Tomkinson seconded the motion. He was sute that the Chamber would join with him in his expressions of satisfaction at the manner in which the Committee had carried out the views and in tentions of the Chamber. The recommendations of the Committee in regard to the amendments required in the Insolvent Act met with his entire concurrence ; and it was one to which the Govern ment would no doubt give its attention on the recommendation of the Chamber of Commerce, tks representing the commercial community. He also approved of that part of the report which referred to the loop-line of railway. With respect to the memorial referring to the crossing of the Murray, the answer of the Government to the memorial was not so explicit and satisfactory as might have been expected, as the Government did not state whether they were favourable to the construction of a bridge over the river, or the use of a punt as at present. They might have at least informed the Chamberas to whether they intended to bring before Parliament the expediency of- a survey. Having said this much upon the report, there were some other topics to which he would advert. Mr. Tom kinson then proceeded as follows:— There is no doubt but that we meet this year in a high state of commercial prosperity, owing mainly to the boun tiful corn harvest which this colony has been favoured with. We are not only able to feed our own population, but can supply the wants of our neighbouring Australian Colonies and of New Zealand. 1 trust it may not be considered un becoming if, as an individual member of this Chamber, I take this opportunity of expressing inv heartfelt acknowledgments to a eraciouB Pro vidence for the blessings which a plentiful harvest has procured for us. That country is rich which provides for its own wants. We may not always be in that enviable position; but we have a fertile soil, an enterprising and persevering class of yeomen farmers, and a working popu lation, under ordinary circumstances, there fore, and with average seasons, we may hope to increase our agricultural productions. With respect, however, to another staple interest— [ mean the mineral— 1 cannot avoid expressing KTcat regret at the check which its development has ? received^ by reason of the miners' strike at Wallaroo and Moonta. Without entering into the merits of -the case, I hope that the Directors * will inquire on . the spot into the allegations of the miners, and redress iny reasonable grievances. It does seem im probable that so united and orderly a body o men should make so determined a stand without having sufficient grrounds of dissatisfaction. At the same time I would strongly recommend the men to go to work unconditionally, and rely upon the Directors doing them justice. T.uming to mother topic of importance, I am sorry to observe signs of hostility between the Governments of Victoria and New South Wole3 with respect to the duties on goods crossing the Murray for Victoria. [ have every confidence that our Government will take a neutral position, and maintain l under all circumstances. The question is a sort of colonial German-Danish-Schleswig-Holstein one, which we had better keep out of. Let tne riverine battle be fought on the river by the belligerents. I am anxious about this, because our Government may yet be mvolvei in the river row, and think it their duty to protect our interests by retaliatory measures in the Mount Gambier District. Now, considering the proximity of Port MacDonnell to the Victorian border, and the increasing revenue derived from it, the peace of that district had better not be disturbed by a tariff affray. It would be advisable rather to submit to a temporary inconvenience elsewhere. In fact, it would be good policy jo subsidize any coasting steamer to call in at Port Ma -Donnell with and for mails, and so encourage both goods and passenger traffic with Adelaide. As to border Custom-Houses, I totally disapprove of them, and maintain that goods having once paid duties on the seaboard of a British possession should be allowed to find their way anywhere into the interior without further molestation. Until the respective Aus tralian Governments recognise this principle, there will be no end to disputes. I am satished that it will be highly advantageous to all m-the long run to adopt this give-and-take system., 1 hope it will be found that a htream of immigration has been arranged for already in anticipation of a drain, to some extent, to the Northern Territory, and also of a busy sheepshearing time and agri cultural harvest. It is evident that the population of South Australia is not in proportion to its pre sent wealth and importance. With respect to the shipping interest, I contend that it is the duty of Government to provide sufficient facilities for com merce without any delay, when satisfied of their necessity. 1 allude particularly to the Ionj delay in erecting a new ietty at Guichen Bay, and the comparatively useless jetty at Clinton. It is high time, too, for the owners of water frontages at Port Adelaide to consider whether the in creasing coasting traffic, especially of steamers, does not require more accommodation than at present exists. And j would also throw out the suggestion for public consideration that the railway should he, at an early date, extended to the Semaphore — a measure which the growing commerce of Adelaide will sooner or later require. Commercially speaking, also, a change in the name of the colony has become a necessity. There seems to be a unanimous opinion that the fittest name for the capital of the Northern Territory will be that of the veteran statesman of England. Palmcreton; and if the province altogether was called Britannia, Australia, it would correctly describe us as a portion of that great empire to which we are proud to belong. Mr. J. H. Clark asked if, in the event of the Chamber adopting the report, the Committee would take further action respecting the amend ment of the insolvent law. It itruck him that the report contained many valuable suggestion*, and ie would like to see further action taken relative thereto. ? ? ... The Chairman apprehended that the Com mittee, having made its report, would not take any further action unless requested to do so by the Chamber. The motion for the adoption of the report was put and carried, and, at the request of Mr. J. H. Clark, that portion of it which referred to the in solvent law was again read. Mr. Clark thought it would be desirable that the suggestions of the Committee should be incor porated in an amended Insolvent Act. There were some questions of detail respecting which he might differ from the Committee; but the whole (subject would have to be discussed by the Parlia ment before it became law. The suggestion of the Committee, that a creditor sacured to the extent of one half of his debt should not be allowed to vote, might in some cases operate very detrimentally ; as, for instance, in the case of a creditor to the extent of £1,000 who held security for £500, and the whok of the other debts of the insolvent being comparatively of small amount. He could con ceive great hardships to arise in such cases from the operation of an Act amended as proposed. It was necessary that the provisions of the Act should tos very stringent, so as to prevent fraud or collu sion between the insolvent and a creditor; but care should also be taken that the interests of one creditor were not sacrificed for the benefit of another. This, however, was a matter of detail upon which there might be ifierence of opinion. He approved generally of the recommendations of the Committee, and would move 'That the Committee be instructed to represent to the Government such changes as are desirable to be made in the insolvent law, and that the Government be requested to take steps to amend the law in accordance with the Committee's report' Mr. C. Jacobs seconded the motion. Mr. Tomkinson doubted that it would be desirable to recommend the Government to amend the insolvent law during the coming session. The Imperial Act was for several years under con sideration; and it might fairly he doubted whether the report of the Committee embodied all the changes in the law that were desirable. It would be well also to give the commercial public and the members of the Legislature time to consider the changes proposed to be made in the Act The Government might be requested to consider the propriety of amending the Act ; but the motion in his opinion went too far. He quite agreed with the recommendation of the Commit ee upon one point respecting which he formerly held a different opinion. He referred to the pro posal that the Commissioner should not have the tower of inflicting punishment upon a fraudulent insolvent It would, he believed,. tend to deter persons from fraud if they knew that they would be liable to be tried by a Jury, for in the event of a conviction the punishment would be much greater than under the present Act. Mr. Clark said he had no objection to the motion being adjourned till the next meeting This would give three months for its consideration, and they might infer from past experience that the business of the Parliament would scarcely be jegun within that time. (Hear.) He was in the hands of the Chamber, and would withdraw the motion, modify it, or press it to a division. The motion was carried without opposition*. At the suggestion of Mr. Townsend, the Com mittee was recommended to arrange for the print ing of its report, so that copies might be put into the hands of the members a few days before the next meeting of the Chamber. Mr. P. G. Harris moved the following resolu tion:— 'That the Committee of this Chamber be re quested to enquire into the proceedings of the Marine Board, and their agents, as receivers of wrecks, more especially in reference to the case of theAthol.' The motion was not seconded; the Chairman having remarked that the Chamber of Commerce could not institute an enquiry into the conduct of the Marine Board. Adjourned. 