The aspect of affairs in Europe is not of the most pacific. This Schleswig Holstein ques tion threatens to become of much more im portance to Europe than its territorial extent would seem to warrant. An unimportant duchy in a country long since become com paratively insignificant will perhaps bring about a general war in Europe, for the pos session of it involves questions of a most com plicated kind. On the one side we have Denmark, with Sweden, Norway and Eng land, on the other we have the whole German Confederation^ Prussia, Austria, and a host of minor states, while France, with calm power, looks on, watching her opportunity. In con nection with France, an answer was given by the Emperor to a request of the English government for a congress that we must say was well deserved. Our readers will re member that some months ago the Emperor sent several autograph letters to the other sovereigns of Europe urging upon them the necessity of calling a European congress to settle the Polish question, and in general to amend the treaty of Vienna, which has become a dead letter, and does not bind in reality any power in Europe. The Emperor is a far-seeing statesman. But England re fused to attend the congress, the ministers of the Queen could not see the necessity for such a meeting. Probably, the ministers of the Queen were afraid of the inflnence of France among the diplomatists of Europe. The congress, therefore, fell to the ground. Now, however, England finds herself im mixed in a war that is certain to be a bloody one on whichever side it may turn, and she finds herself opposed to two great powers (we speak not of the minor Germanic statefr} whose armies have been praised as the perfec tion of military discipline. Prussia, with the exception of the littleNeuf chatel affair several years ago, has not had an army in the field for many years, but we know from the report of experienced military men, that every care is taken to keep it in a thorough state of preparation for action, every class of its peculiarly organised force — from the regular soldier, to the last class of the landwehr, called out in extreme cases only. We know what the army of Austria did in the Italian war, when opposed to the tried and experienced soldiers of France, to the Sardinians and Italians. In the history of war we find no more fiercely contested battles, while the number of the slain on both sides attests the valour of the combatants. These two armies will be opposed to England and her allies, and English ministers begin to grow appalled at the menacing danger. They recollect probably that their recruiting ground — Ireland — is one no longer for them. They know that they will not be able to raise a German legion as they did in the Crimean war. They see what is before them ; and wow they ash for a congress ! But. the Emperor from the Tuilerie3 says — no — and the Eng lish ministers reap he fruit of their own planting. We do not pity them. The pro position of the French Emperor was a noble one, it was made too in the interest of a noble nation, a brave nation, and it was made without interested motives, as. far as it is possible for us to see. It was made for a nation that has been continuously deceived by false promises from England of help and succour at the time of need. The policy of the Queen's ministers overreached itself, and in negating the Emperor's proposal of a con gress they, in reality, injured themselves, as they now find to their cost. France re fuses a congress solicited by them and leaves things to follow their own course, certain at any time, to profit by every favourable circumstance. It remains yet to be seen, whether she will remain a quiet spectator, or whether she will take an active partinthe war.. We would think that the former is more likely to be the policy of the Emperor. The question whether a little Danish duchy shall be a confederate Germanic state or a Danish apanage very little concerns France, it will leave her neither more nor less powerful, nor will it add much to the Confederate strength, in fact the only real advantage accruing to them from its possession will be a German Port — Kiel— in the northern seas. Apart from these considerations, however, there are others why France should husband her resources for a future time. We are not of those who believe in the cordiality or sin cerity of the league between England and France. The people of France would hail with acclamation a war with England. The Statesmen of the Imperial Councils do not trust England's professions and warily watch her every movement. The general feeling of the country is expressed by the Marquis de Boissy, when he said in the Senate, during the debate on the Mexican ques tion, 'Personally I could do without her ; I could wish her to disappear from the catalogue of nations. But we are not yet come to that epoch, which I invite with all my hopes, and for which I would shed my blood* But, in the meantime, England, evilrninded, disloyal, perfidious, cruel, mer cantile—whatever you like to call her — England has a policy by which she profits.' These are sentiments held by the majority of the French people, the only class, proba bly, that does not cordially respond to them are the traders and merchants whose business might be injured by a war. Manufacturers, farmers, would profit by it, and the adven turous youth of the whole Empire would rush to fill the ranks of the army with tumultuous joy. The army does not forget that its well-won honour in the Crimea was partially and grudgingly given in the Eng lish Press. There is still another reason for this anxiety for a war with England, which has been often enough quoted, but is never theless perfectly true, an ardent longing to avenge the defeat at Waterloo, We think then, that, France will remain an idle though not an uninterested spectator of this war, for we think she is preparing for a war with Eng land, a country, as the Marquis de Boissy said, ' who only exists and prospers by the disorders she shews on the continent;' we be lieve with the same orator that England ' their nominal ally is everywhere the impla cable enemy' of France, and we have seen it in many of her actions, — in the opposition to the Suez canal —in the abandonment of France when engaged with Mexico — and in the open or concealed opposition to every scheme, proposed by the Emperor, likely to increase the power or consideration his realm. No doubt, it is good policy for England to be so, but it is certainly not honourable. And the effect of it is seen in the gradual isolation of England from the continental powers. We have said before to-day and we repeat that England has not a true ally in Europe, not a power which would not rejoice in her humiliation. But we do not coincide in all that French journalists or French orators say against England. Much as we are op posed to her, much as we hate her govern ment, we should be sorry to see her lose all power in Europe. We are opposed to her on Irish ground to death, but we recogni&e; a good constitution and reward it with praise, even though the country in which we rind it be our deadliest enemy. The constitution of France is more liberal than that of Eng land in many things, for instance it does not forbid men of any religious persuasion from aspiring to and gaining the highest offices of the state, there also the people have uni versal suffrage and vote by ballot. But in most other things, England is superior— in freedom of discussion — of combination — -of the press. These do exist in England, with many other advantages, which few continental nations possess, but we are sorry to say, they exist but on one side of the Irish channel, on the side, where England and Scotland are situated. They are unknown in Ireland. We are not about to give a dissertation on the comparative merits of the different consti tutions of Europe however, we are speaking; of, the chances of a European war, and of the probable consequences of it. In the question that has arisen between Denmark and the Ger man confederation thereare two distinct parts,, which have been strangely jumbled together — the one is- the relations of these provinces or rather duchies of Schleswig and of Holstein to the German confederation, and the other is the hereditary succes sion to the sovereignty of these duchies. It, is admitted that Holstein belongs to the Germanic Confederation, and generally, that Schleswig is an apanage of Holstein. The king of Denmark, became by different successions Duke of these countries, and as such was bound by the Germanic confedera tion, although as king of Denmark, he was not. Having tried against the will of the Holsteiners to incorporate that duchy into the kingdom of Denmark, a Federal execu tion was decreed in 1858, but not carried into execution until the present day. This^ in!', a few words, is the question, as nearly and as plainly as it can be put in & few words. The next mail will probably bring us news of some battles, for it is scarcely probable that the execution put into Hol atein will stop there, and not be carried into Schleswig, while it is equally probable that Denmark will resist and be backed by England. For reasons already stated we do not think France will take an active part in the war, at least during the commencement of it, and Russia has enough to do at present with Poland. This war will still have a good effect on the Polish cause, as it will necessitate a Russian Army of observation, on other frontiers, and will consequently weaken the available force against our struggling sister in suffering. The flame of war, once kindled will not be confined to northern Europe. The Venetians pro vinces of Austria are too well worked by Sardinian emissaries to rest at peace, if a chance of insurrection be given them. In Naples, there yet remains a strong party devoted to the ex-king and it is in the course of human events, that they should try, by all the means in their power, to put their own pilot at the helm when a general storm sweeps over Europe. We cannot say that the rule of Victor Emanuel has been such as to inlist the sympathy of any but hi& most blindly devoted admirers. No doubt,, there were many cruelties practised under the Bourbons, but is the Be Galantf uomo unimpeachable? We are always ready to applaud when a people rises in its might and drives forth a tyrant, but was it the case here ? We are afraid not, and we fear that a pretty Just parallel might be drawn be teen them and the French, who exchanged a Louis XVI for a Robespiere. In the gene ral war, which all things point to, we can only pray for victory to the just, snd freedom to the oppressed. Whatever may be said of the shortcomings of the present ministry, it is certain that their position when they came into office was by no means a desirable one. A large deficit, actual as well as prospective, existed which must be met in one of two ways neither of which would be received with much favour by a large section of the popu» lation. Either an addition must be made to our income by increased taxation, or our expenditure must be cut down to effect a saving equal to the deficit. The proposed new system of taxation having been con demned by the almost unanimous voice of country and the government having declared that it was not their intention to introduce another tariff during the present session, were compelled to devise some method of saving so that our expenditure should be made not to exceed our income. The choice was one of two evils, but great as may be the objections to the plan the government has adopted, they are eertainly less than an increase of taxation under any form. ' The principal argument against reduction of ex penditure under the present circumstances js that it compels the omission of many items from the estimates, the retention of which, if not absolutely necessary, is very essential to the well being of the colony. By far the most important among which is the grant for immigration, which ^ if suspended, for any considerable period would be a serious draw back to the progress and prosperity of the colony. Fortunately however thereis a large balance in the hands of the Comaussioaerg amounting altogether to a sum of about £86,000, so that we may rea sonably hope no interruption to the stream of immigration to the colony will take place before the time when our financial condition will justify a renewal of the vote. All the items proposed to be omitted were of a more are less degree of importance, but there were none whose loss ?we regretted more than the annual grant for Schools of Art and other institutions of a similar description. However in the com '?? xnittee of supply on Thursday, although the vote of £2025 for Schools of Art with the exception of £200 for the one in Sydney was not moved for by Mr. Forster, on the motion of Mr. Burns it was put and carried. We are glad that the Committee understood the advantages these establishments confer upon the country, and as the greater part of them are not self-supporting refused to allow them to be closed up for the sake of, so small fe sum. Bis almost impossible to estimate too highly the benefit these institutions confer upon a large proportion of the young men of the colony, who without the resources of intellectual profit and recreation which they hold out would be almost driven into methods of spending their leisure time to which unfortunately too many of our yoVing men are already addicted. The most- highly civilized communities with all their richly endowed and well conducted and educational , establishments and literary institutions, con tain within themselves a large proportion of ignorance and vice which it seems impossible to eradicate and is only kept within reason able bounds by the most strenuous efforts. But in a colony like our own where the ideas become unavoidably more materialised than in regularly settled communi ties, anything that will excite in the minds of the mass of the populaiion a love for literature and a conviction of the blessings and advantages confered upon them by edu cation, should receive every possible support from the Government consistent with the duties which devolve upon it. In the mother country independently of the noble public libraries and other institutions of a like nature, within the last few years there have sprung up educational establishments under the sanction and direction of Govern ment, which have the most beneficial effect upon the minds of the people. The Go vernment Schools of Art and design at Marlborough House and Kensington, tend both'to create throughout all classes a love for art and a means of gratifying it, and in . all the principal cities and towns through out the empire, similar ones are already es tablished or are in process of formation. In the present social condition of the colony, it is premature to hope that the Schools of Arts will fulfil all the purposes for which they were established, but we look upon them as nuclei, as centres, which at some perhaps not distant period, will be of immense service as auxiliaries in dissemi nating a desire for mental improvement and self-cultivation. In fact they are already doing so, as we can easily convince ourselves by observing the number of young men who frequent them after the labours of the day to solace and expand their minds by storing them with rich gems of literature instead of . indulging in the vain and frivolous, too often degrading and pernicious amusements in which so many of the young men of the colony habitually indulge. Every thing which tends to elevate and improve the mental condition of the people, should be patronised and encouraged by every possible . means, and we should have looked upon it almost as a national calamity if the small annual vote for these institutions had -been withdrawn. Happily such is not the case, . and we trust that except under circumstances of pressing necessity, it will not be found necessary to attempt it. While speaking of the necessity for Schools of Art and the influence they are -'' likely to exercise over the mental progress of the people, we are drawn to speak of institutions of a somewhat analogous charac , ter among our own body which are the libraries usually attached to the Young ? Men's Societies. In the newly organized formation of these societies and the libraries attached to them, it is not to be supposed that they could come into competition with the^ Schools of Art, they have no mean3 of delivering lectures or of forming classes on a variety of subjects, they have not the- ad vantage of any assistance from the Govern ment, and the selection of books provided for the amusement or instruction of their members is left more to chance than design. Bat notwithstanding the disadvantages under which they labour we believe these little Catholic libraries which if no Young Men's Society exist in the district should be spread far and wide through every nook and corner of the colony would be of in estimable advantage in promoting the moral, social and intellectual condition of the people. 'We cannot accuse the youth of the colony in general of too great a fondness for literary or intellectual pursuits and those of our own communion are certainly not more advanced in this respect than those of any other body. The cultivation of the intellect alone will not of course ensure the happiness either of a people or an individual but with the exception of those who enjoy the bles sings of a complete course of education it is too much neglected in this colony. It is true as we before observed that numbers of young men after the completion of 'the day's toils may be seen solacing and at the same time improving their minds by com muning with the intellect of the men of all ages and nations the influence of whose genius is felt long after their mortal frames have mouldered with dust ; but this class, although numerous, constitutes rather a bright exception to the usual habits of our colonial young men than a rule which guides the majority of them. We do not perceive that keen zest in intellectual enjoyment, which characterizes the youth of Euro pean communities, and yet the Austra lian youths are certainly inferior to no other in mental capacity on the face of the globe, and when they once engage in any pursuit they give themselves up to! it with an absorbing interest which cannot be exceeded. We may refer to the game of cricket as an instance of this faculty, for not even in England is that noble game prac tised with greater ardour and more success than it is among ourselves. Roscoe, the author of the Life of Lorenzo de Medici, after the commercial misfortune which deprived him of his princely establishment speaks of the passion » he had acquired for literary and intellectual pursuits as sources of the greatest consolation to him when all blandishments of life had gone. Many other celebrated men bear evidence to the same fact, and in the solitude of the bush and its want of social enjoyment, a taste for reading would supply that craving for dangerous excitements which a long separation from the influence of social intercourse often en engenders. To the youth of our towns and cities, its fascinations would prove a power ful antidote to the seductive, but too often fatal allarements which beset his steps in every street. The restoration of the vote for Schools of Arts to the estimates is decidedly a good thing, and we hope next year so far from its being considered necessary to strike it off, that means may be found to increase it. ? At the same time we should like to see the libraries of Young men's Socities. improved and extended, and Catholic lending libraries established in all parts of the colony. There is plenty of scope for action in those who have desire for the intellectual improvement of the youth of the colony and we hope those who have the desire and the power will not part to exer cise it for the general good. 