NEWS OF, THE, WEEK. We understand (says the Age) that the answer received from Mr Cardwell, Secretary of State for the Colonies, in reply to the' remon strance of the Legislature against a conti Enance of transportation to Western Australia, for warded by the March mail, is to the effect that the decision of the Imperial Government was ar rived at after a full consideration of the whole qnestion, and of the feelings of the colonies on the subject. Mr Cardwell also expresses his regret that it had not been found possible to adopt, to the full extent, the views embodied in the resolutions sent him. ? Very many of the English papers support the anti-transportation views of the Australian colo nists. The Hertfordshire Express . says .:— ? ' No doubt the system of creating a horde of felons in the i colony is ' dangerous, . and likely to become a source of scourge and terror to the whole community, be cause, by the escape of prisoners there, and the mi gration of expirees, transportation to one colony of Australia is, in fact, transportation to all ; and it is therefore yain to suppose that, whilst the system is continued in operation, satisfaction or security will be felt fluroughout the colonies. We quite agree with the principle of the league to appeal to British ? justice to relieve those colonies from a system which must ba odious and degrading to the best interests and character of the empire.' The present political position in South Australia ' is thus desoribed by the Advertiser: — 'We repeat it — there must be an appeal to the country. The B««A«r««4- nislCtinnl nifnA^rnn *o h/tnAWi] T^ ?a m*wc\ UlOQVlltf pUXXUXUtU OJ.LUILU1.VJU XO LLKI }J\J±SsaO . J.V XO. LUVLS3 than hopeless — it is disgraceful. No new combina tions will adjust' the difficulties ; no new Ministries can restore confidence. If such names as Ayers, Stow, Hart, Blyth, Milne, fail to satisfy the com- ? ' muhity, it is because things have come to a dead- ' lock, and Parliament is powerless. Parliament is \ powerless. It has sunk under the rule of cliqueism. ; It is in the pocket of the Speaker, and the Assembly ; 'is already rebelling against it. The colony is not ? 'ruled on constitutional principles. It is ruled by the Speaker, or by the 'club,' or by the weekly ; whist party, or by bank directors. These are the \ true sources of government ; and it is well known members of Parliament are the mere puppets of a : few moneyed men, or, rather, of a few men who ; have great debit balances at their bankers, and who ' pull hard at the wires .because they are deeply in: debt. Mr Andrews, with withering sarcasm, put it , on Friday — there are whisperers — men who work in j 'secret, men who think themselves the lords and rulers of society, men who arrogate to themselves to ; determine what shall be and what shall not be, men who would trample the Constitution under foot if i they dared, and whose aim is, by circuitous methods, ; to undermine in the dark what they dare not assail openly. The public will, as that gentleman said, hold these whisperers responsible' ? ? ? At the date of the departure of the last mail, the; Ship Merchantman was at Portsmouth, taking on: ?board convicts for Australia; Amongst the prisoners; who will be taken, by this ship is the notorious Wil liam Bbupell, the forger, and ex-M.P. ? . In a letter to the Editor of the , Age, dated; Sheerhess, 24th June, Lieut. Saxby thus explains! his' Weather System : — ' My predictions are; ? founded solely upon the Newtonian theory of gra vitation— which for public convenience we may call attraction. As an example, if the moon attract the fluids of the earth (we see that it influences the. tides), and if the sun does the same, it must bef evident, to even the unlearned, that the nearer these ? bodies are at times to the earth the stronger must be their power of attraction, which, moreover, will be Btill further increased when the attractions of the sun and moon both operate in the same line of ? direction. Now, this is simply my ' Lunar '. theory; or, if anyone prefers calling it ? Luni JSolar\ let him do so ; but the discovery of the appreciability of such influences no one can, with out absolute fraud, take from me.' , ! .Mr G.V.Brooke, the tragedian, is on his last legs, in no metaphorical sense, we should imagineJ The gold and silver plate, presented at various times to this gentleman bv his admirers, was disposed of by auction, in London, on the 8th of June last. The whole realised about £300. A paragraph has been going the rounds of the . English papers to the effect that Mr C. Kean has jnade the magnificent sum of £11,000, during a twenty six weeks' professional tour in Australia. We take , ' leave to doubt the fact. Another paragraph which has been going the rounds of the English papers is as follows :— ' All the members of the Australian Executive Council have been authorised to attach ' Honorable ' to their names.' What hazy notions about Australian affairs in general, and Australian geography in particular, . they must have in England, to be sure. The London Review of the 25th June says :— ' One of the most interesting discoveries that have been made in natural history for many years was recorded at the meeting of the Linncean Society, on Thursday week last. A perfect skeleton of the Dinornis, or Moa, has been found by a party of miners in New Zealand. This huge bird, of which no living specimen has yet been seen by Europeans, has hitherto been regarded as extinct, its former existence having been demonstrated by the/presence of gigantic bones, met with in various parts of the islands. Up to the present no complete skeleton was seen, but now we have been supplied with the entire series of bones of one individual. Some of the bones were exhibited to the fellows of the Lin nroan Society, and were most interesting. The femur is of enormous size, and, strange to say, the ligaments connected with its head are in such perfect preservation that the specimen appears to be quite recent. From this circumstance, it is evident that.the bird to which it belonged cannot be long dead ; for had the bone been exposed to such a climate as that of New Zealand for even fifty years, the easilydecom , posed tissue of the ligaments must inevitably have nndergone destruction. Professor Huxley, who exam ined the femur, declared that, from tb.8 appearance of the ligamenfcous structures and his own experience of ? the New Zealand atmosphere, he felt inclined to think the bird itself had been in existence ten years ago. The moa is a bird of the ostrich order, and must have reached a height of from ten to fourteen feet. The Maories insist that the creature is still living, and the bushmen assert that they have seen it pass their camp fires. Wo have, therefore, every reason to hope that : a living specimen may yet bo observed and captured, and that this relic of au almost bygone race may not be classed in the same ? category aa the dodo, which is only known to us by two solitary remnants — a head' and log.' Some bank notes have recently made their appear -ance, which have been subjected to a curious process of manipulation. . . They have been split into equal halves, and the back halves of five pound notes have been found pasted to the front halves of one pound notes, thus giving the latter, on a partial vie,w, the appearance of the former. The object of this dexterous experiment remains to be seen, f or* strange to say, although these one pound notes have thus given to them the appearance of five pound notes, no attempt appears as yet to have been made to put them into circulation. . The following rewards have been granted to the undermentioned police officers for special services : —To detective 1st class Simon O'Neil, detective 3rd class Daniel White; and senior constable George Mitchell, the sum of £2 each, in acknowledgment of their expertness shown in the arrest and prosecu tion of Andrew Barry, Francis Smith, and Thomas Baker, the two former sentenced to 5 years' im prisonment with hard labor. To constable John Balf our, at Melbourne, the. sum of £5, .in acknow ledgment of his attention shown in the arrest of John M'Millan, for having illegal spirits in his pos session. To detective 1st class Charles Black, the sum of £2, in acknowledgment of his dexterity shown in the arrest of Richard Woollej, for for gery. To, senior constable Peter O'Shannassy, at Point Nepean, the sum of £2 10s, in acknowledg ment of his zeal and attention in the proseoution of one Burrell for illegal slaughtering^ Sixteen persons were discharged from the penal department last week, 'the majority of whom had been confined for minor offences. No iicketsof leave were granted. . ? By the Hero, which arrived ; in Hobson's Bay, on Monday, with 90 passengers and 5663 oz of gold, we have our dates from Otago to the 9th, Lytteltpn to the' 4th, and Wellington to- the 4th inst. The Otago Daily Times of the 9th says : — ' We hear that the Assembly, after all, is not likely to; meet till February, unless some pressing occasion should arise to alter the present determination of the Go vernment. It will be convened to meet at Christ church, unless the commissioners appointed to select the seat of Government give in their decision in favor of Nelson, or Wellington, before, that time. At either of these places there are chambers erected, suitable for the Assembly to meet in, so that in the event of the decision being made the Government will be enabled to give it .immediate effect. His Excellency the Governor, who intends being a large contributor to the exhibition, is coming down to open ic, aicer wnicn ne win visie me goia-neias. The beginning of next year will be quite a gala time for the Middle. Island ; besides the exhibition,, there will be the Canterbury Champion Races. Thej hotel accommodation of Dunedin and Christchurch; is likely to be well tested.' ? ? ; Valparaiso papers to the 7th of May are acknow ledged by the Otago Times. Our contemporary' summarises the news as follows : — 'The Mercurio del Papez of that date mentions that the seizure of . the Chiucha Islands by the Spanish authorities had. caused considerable excitement, and the Chilian Go vernment sympathised strongly with Peru on the: question. A garrison had been placed on the Chinchas by the Spanish Admiral, and the port of Payta. on the Peruvian cost, was held as a place, of rendezvous. These steps had been taken with out any declaration of war, and the proceedings of. the Spanish officials were causing strong excite ment. The . news of the scanty harvest in Austra lia had given great impetus to the flour, trade, transactions to the amount of 150,000 dollars in one day having taken place.' : We learn that, on Tuesday last, Messrs Gideon S. Lang and J. J. Phelps, two of the commissioners appointed .by the Riverine Council to endeavor to adjust the difference as to the duties between the Governments of Victoria and New South Wales, had an interview, by appointment, with Mr M'Culloch, when they urged the Riverine view of the question.. They stated that, in the event of the duties being enforced on goods crossing the Murray from Victoria into Riverina, great loss would result, not only to the inhabitants of Riverina, but to Victoria also. To the former, from their being compelled thereby to procure the dutiable goods from Adelaide, at a great additional cost, and to the latter in the loss of the great and daily increasing trade which Melbourne maintains with Riverina ; and that, as the improve ? ment of the Riverine country was for the direct and immediate benefit of Melbourne, they submitted that a solution of the question satisfactory to all parties would be, that a board or corporation for the im provement of the navigation and roads of the Rive rine country should be established, appointed by the two Governments or otherwise, and that these duties, or their estimated amount, should' be handed over to this board by the Victorian Government. Mr M'Culloch expressed a strong desire to have the question settled, and a belief that, if gone into in a proper spirit, an arrangement might easily be made satisfactory to all parties, and that, when the ques tion of the navigation of the Murray was arranged, he would be prepared at once to submit such a pro position to the New South Wales Government. The condition of affairs at Maryborough, N.Z., the scene of the late gold discoveries, does not ap pear to be very encouraging. The Press, of the 27th ult., says: — ' An order has been issued from the Government buildings that, from last Monday, unskilled labor employed upon the public roads is only to be paid for at the rate of five shillings per day; and that, on and after the 8th August, this scale of remuneration will be further reduced to four shillings per day. In other words, men, for the next week or two, are to receive a wage upon which they can barely subsist, and then are to-be reduced to a point at which, if nothing better befals them, they must either starve or be brought to the verge of utter destitution. There is no other aspect in which such a painful matter may be viewed.' ? We learn that within the last few days, the works on the railway beyond the Rochester bridge have been completed to within about eight miles of Eohuca, the ballast trucks and engine going to that point on the line. The Bendigo Advertiser says : — ' It is expected that, if the weather is at all favorable, the entire line will be finished to Echuca in about five weeks.' ; We understand that at a meeting of the Melbourne bakers, held on- Saturday last, a resolution was passed that, in consequence of the decline in flour, the four pound loaf should be reduced to lOd. There appears to bo a very serious misunder standing between Sir George Grey and his respon sible advisors. The Taranaki corrospondont'of the Otago Daily Times, writing on the 28th ulfc., says : — ' It is reported that the General, with reinforce ments, will arrive at Taranaki daring the ensuing week. This may be the case, provided the dis turbance between the Governor and his Ministers does not check proceedings. The report here is to the effect .that Sir George Grey bad sent for the Ministers, to whom he presented the conditions of peace to be offered to the natives ; they at once re fused to ratify them, on which Sir George coolly stated that he was about to leave Auckland for three days, when, on his return, if the Ministers still persisted to oppose his wishes, it was his intention of at once sending home four regiments ; all this quibbling tends not only to disturb the native mind, but to check all endeavors that might be made by the settlers towards re-establishing themselves on their farms.' ; ? ? Some very pertinent remarks, bearing on the relations existing between masters and servants, were made by Captain Harrison, P. M., at the Castlemaine police court, on Saturday last. The M. A. Mail says :— ' A farm servant sued his master in the police court, for the recovery of money earned as hired servant, and the debt was resisted on the ground of the plaintiffs absenting himself without leave and otherwise, misconducting himself. Captain Harrison, .remarked that it did not look Well for a master, when sued by bis servant for the recovery of wages, to rake up for the past six: or seven months any charges of misconduct he might have had from time to time against him, and to tell him, ' You were away this day and away that day without leave.' The proper course for the master, to pursue was to bring the charges of misconduct against the servant at the time of \ their commission ;. or, if he did not do this, he should enter the charges in a book and get theminitialed by the servant. 'If this were done, it might be acoepted as a legal defence to an action for the recovery of wages ; but, by re ceiving back a servant after his alleged misconduct, the offence was condoned.' The formal' dedication of St. Andrew's Presby terian Church, Sturt street, Ballaarat, took place, on Sunday last, when three suitable sermons were preached — those in the morning and evening by the Rev. Dr. Cairns, of Melbourne ; and that in the afternoon by the Rev. W. Henderson, the pastor of the' New Church. . Collections were made at the conclusion of the three services, and the gross result was about £120. : On the return of a party of police to Gundagai, after ah unsuccessful trip to the ranges after Mor gan, they brought as a prisoner, a man named Edson, who had been a mailman, and had expressed his admiration of Morgan, by assaulting and abus ing a man named Goldspink, who had aided the police in their search after that bushranger. The magistrate, in committing the prisoner, said :— ' John Edson, you have been charged with assault ing James Goldspink; had that assault been con-; fined'to a blow, a small fine would suffice to meet the ends of justice, hut it was not. The remarks you made are, to my mind, of far more important: and serious a character. You find fault with a man for rendering service to the police in endeavoring to capture a murderer ; one who made a house deso late and deprived society of a good public servant ; instead of sympathising with the bereaved and assist ing the police, you have acted directly the opposite. Your conduct as a man entrusted with her Majesty's mails — and one who should; put down such remarks insteaa of nmking,use of them — is such that it, in my opinion, deserves severe punishment. I have, therefore, made up my mind to send you to take your trial before a jury of your country, who will best judge of your conduct.' ' The Swan Hill correspondent of the Inglewood Advertiser says : — 'Quite a revolution has taken place! here since Messrs M'Lennan and Taylor took out a grocer's license and commenced the sale of bottles. You can now buy a bottle of gin for 5s, which before was charged 15s by the publicans ; and other things proportionately cheap. Mine host must come down in spite of his assertion that Is a nobbier is starya ?firm nvii'ft.' ' ' ? Wo observe from our files that Mr Strutt's cele-; brated picture of ' Black Thursday' formed one of the principal attractions at an exhibition of pictures,: which was opened in London, in aid of the fund for the relief of the widowB and orphans of the Danish soldiers who had fallen in battle. Professor Irving gave a lecture on Monday, in Ersldne Church, Carlton, on 'Christopher North, in his moral philosophy class-room, his editorial chair, and his shooting jacket,' being the concluding lecture of the series ?' On Scotland, and some of its celebrities.' It was, as might be expected, an eloquent sketch of the career of the great critic, pro fessor and poet, interspersed with illustrative pas sages from his writings, and was highly appreciated by the auditors, who seemed to have congregated in even larger numbers than on any of the former occasions. The result of the course must be highly gratifying both to the lecturers and to all who are interested in the objeot for which they were de livered. , A return, showing the number of nominees sent for from the United Kingdom, by persons resident in Victoria, under the assisted immigration regula tions, from 26th June, 1863, to 25th July, 1864, is published in last night's Government Gazette. The total number of souls sent for was 7291, of whom 2123 are English, 766 Scotch, and 4402 Irish. Of the English, 918 are males, and 1205 are females ; of the Scotch, 346 are males, and 420 are females ; and of the Irish, , 1856 are males, and 2546 are females. ? The Melbourne correspondent of the Ballaarat Star supplies the following curious piece of informa tion to that journal':—' A rather novel company is reported to have been organised, and among the promoters are several of the liberal members of tho Assembly. The object is to occupy miA^-^.fxeo selection clauses of the New -S*«ui .Wales Land Act (,he wlinRlnf- Mi o'ShanasBy's run opposite the Eohnca end of the Victorian Railway. The station has not a frontage to the Murray as is generally supposed,, but is about eight miles from the banks of the river, between which and the station there are about six or eight miles of box-tree scrub. The cal culation of these novel and retributive speculators is as follows :— That 100 selectors can take each a 320-acre allotment, by paying down £80 each, and hold them, by paying 6 per cent, per annum, as long as they like ; that these allotments can be taken up conterminous to each other, and will make together 32,000 acres. These selectors are also entitled each to 960 aoros of grazing right, making among tho 6ne hundred 96,000 acres, or a gross total of 128,000 acres, for which all that will have been paid is £8000. The scheme looks pretty on paper, and is a species of democratic revenge on MrsO'Shanaflsy for resisting free selection in Victoria. There is, however, room for a trifling hitch in the whole business. It has been ruled that selectors have not tho right of im pounding off their grazing rights, and it mu3t not bo forgotten that there is nothing in the act to prevent ' tho grazing rights of the adventurous hundredbeing selected by outsiders foi\flgricultural purposes at any moment.' ? ??; From returns published in Tuesday's Government Gazette, it appears that, during the month of July 'last, there was a net increase to the population Of ' the colony, caused by the excess of arrivals, over de partures,' of 2458; the former numbering 3649, of. whom 3468 landed in Melbourne, and 1 in Geelong ; ? - and the latter, 1191. Tho arrivals from. New Zea land numbered' 562, as against 194 departures ; and, from the United Kingdom* the arrivals were 2128, ' as against 244 departures. / ? ' An adjourned meeting' of shareholders in the Camden Harbor Pastoral Association, who had paid '- their deposits, was held on Tuesday, in Hockin's Hotel, for. the purpose of electing a managing Com mittee. There being only. about twenty- five, share holders present, it was- thought advisable /to post pone the election of a; permanent committee, which will take place when the share list has been increased. The following gentlemen were, how ever, elected as a provisional committee, with power to add to their number, on the motion of Mi^E.1 Greaves, seconded by Mr C. Mustey : — T. W. Sel- , lars, J. H. Wood, C. S. Affleck, T. C. Murray, C. Autard, Albert Mattingley, W. Harvey, Samuel Hart and J. Meaden. ' By the City of Hobart we have our files from Otago, New Zealand, to the 10th inst. The only ? intelligence of interest relates to the flooding of the Molyneux, and , the general exodus of the miners' from theDuristan. The correspondent of the Otago . Times, writing on the 8th inst., says:—' Shortly after daylight the river commenced rapidly to rise, and by sundown it had risen fully ten feet, at which time the flood was at its highest. During the whole of that; and the next day there was a general clear out of the diggers — everywhere tents were being packed up, while the roads leading toward the lower diggings were lined with the retreating crowd, which presented sofne curious motley groups, as the strings of packborses with their loads of tools passed along, looking like so many animate ' Johnny All sorts,' followed .by long, strings of diggers bringing up the rear, carrying tent- poles and other articles not suited to the pack saddle, together with a good sprinkling ? of unfortunates who had to , become their own beasts of burthen. The loss of population will doubtless very injuriously affect tho commercial interests of the district, for, considering the number .that have .been disappointed in their golden anticipations after shepherding claims for so many long months, the rashes to the banks of the Molyneux may be said to be for ever over. Of course there will always be a very large amount of gold taken out when the river is low, and that for many years to. come, but that will be by the people on the spot, for no more will come from a distance, let the tide fall ever So low.' The Manuherikia co respondent of the same journal says : — ' The floods ( of. Friday last have done considerable damage to the ./ mining interests, as well as having destroyed a large amount of property. As at the Dunstan, there -as been a great clear out from the banks of the mer of those having claims on low lying beached The claimholders at the Frenchman's, Hn^-niilo and Junction, remain in hopes of being able to got to work again. Of course all the claims at these three places were swamped out, and the extensive excava tions were silted up with the debris of the flood. It will take a considerable lime 'to render them again workable.' Our dates from South Australia ai'e to the 13th instant. The Government Gazette of the 11th * August contains the new regulations for pro viding security for the faithful discharge by Govern ment officers of their duties. These regulations apply to all .Government officers required to find . security, except the Agent-General of South Austra lia, the officers in the Customs department not in actual receipt of, revenue, and any person in the em ploy of the Government required to find security under £100, or to whom the old regulations will still apply. As to all other officers now or hereafter bo longing to the service, the new regulations, which are imperative, require them, within three jnonths ,; of the 11th August, 1864, to 'procure from tho Colonial Insurance Company (Melbourne), or the Australian Alliance Assurance Company (Melbourne) , . a policy for tho faithful discharge of their duties to the amountfor which their present sureties are bound, and to renew each policy from year to year so longf as they shall continue in the employ of the Govern ment, and* be required to find such security. The premiums of insurance will be paid by Government, and any bonus or return of premium allowed by the Insuranoe Company will become the property of the Government, and the officer receiving the same shall have to account therefore, unless he shall availhim self of the advantages offered by the company to those who unite life assurance with that of guarantee assur ance, in which case the benefit of such bonus or re turn premium will accrue' to the officer.' Bat be sides the policy it is also provided that ' every officer shall enter into his personal bond of fidelity for the same amount as he is now required to make himself personally liable for.' Upon the policy and bond being delivered to Government the present sureties of the officers to whom tho regulations appJy will be released- from their liability for any defalcations which may take place after the new bond and policy have been furnished. Tuesday's Ballaarat ... Post . says : — 'A most painful occurrence took place thia, morning -in Skip ton street)- whioh caused a deal of excitement and r°si'°t; throughout the southern portion of the town. The circumstances of the case appear to be, as nearly as we can discover, as follows. Matthew Corbett, a well-known shareholder in tho Great Extended Claim, has been f or_ some years residing with his brother in a primeval Jigger's hut in tbo above-named street. A few weeks ago tho brother got married, and since that time Matthew has beon noticed to have fallen into a state* of norvous insen sibility. About a month ago, he had. all hi3 board and whiskers shaved off, and on being asked the reason for his doing go, ho replied that it was ' better that he should go clean to God.' No par ticular notice was taken of this and. other cccontrio actions, whioh have since been remembered, and up to this morning there appeared to bo nothing to in dicate that he was insane. Ho got up as usual this i morning, kindled a fire and put on tho billy to make tea for his breakfast. He then wont out to tho wood heap, took oflhis coat, and, laying his loft arm 'on a block, seized an axe with the right, and deli- j berately chopped off his arm at tho olbow ! Ho then j walked across' tho street to tho house of a mate and, | calling him outside, shouted out that ho had lost his I arm. Before his mato could reaoh him ho had 1 ? removed to the hospital- where all proper attention was paid him. Upon.inquiry this afternoon, our re porter was, told that he was as well as could he ex pected, but that amputation of a portion of the stump had been considered necessary. ' : It appears1, that gold mining is being pursued with some profit in Wales. A late number of the Car-: narvon and Denbigh Herald, received by the mail, says : — 'A company from Carnarvon have opened a gold and silver- mine near Dolgelly,v in a line with Bala and Clogan Mines, and the result of the last assay is upwards of 21 oz of silver and 15 dwt of fine gold to 1 ton of 20 cwt of the quartz, &c;, with every prospect of a steady increase in the gold and silver.' ' Castell Cam Dochan Gold Mine, Bala.— Last week, out of 2 £ cwt of sorted nuarta. 13 ok of fine erold were obtained.' Mr Wills, tho father of the late explorer of that name, is reported to have spoken, at the inaugura tion of the monument to his son at Totness, in June last, as follows : — ' It was difficult, to say whether he should now be esteemed one of the proudeBt or the most miserable of men — to have a son so en dowed as his noble boy, and yet to have lost him so early, or to have his name handed down to posterity by that lasting and proud memorial in his native town, and on those plains where it was his delight in childhobd to join with other boys in different games and sports ; and yet that he should have perished so miserably, having achieved a noble triumph, and be lost by faults not his own-. He could not, or did not wish to refer to the ca tastrophe, but to two or three contemptible Ger mans, to whom — Heaven knows by what means they got into the expedition — might be mainly attributed . the misfortune. There was one agreeable duty left him to perform, and that was, on behalf of him self and family, to thank the. mayor, gentlemen of the committee, and all the subscribers to the monu ment, for the proceedings of that day. It could not be otherwise than a source of pride to them all that his son had so well deserved the praise of his town, county and country. There had been sub scribers to the monument from various parts, and there was one whom he particularly wished to men tion, and that was the widow of the late gallant Sir John I*ranklin. (^Jtiear.) ^Notwithstanding her re ? duced means, through having fitted out an expedi tion for the search for her husband and his com rades, she contributed towards the erection of the monument in konor of his son, whose cousin was a lieutenant on board the Erebus, one of the ill-fated expedition to the North Pole. He begged again to return them his most sincere thanks for the pro ceedings of that day.'' At the Geelong Insolvent Court, on Tuesday, the certificate of Messrs Forster and Carr, auctioneers, Geelong, was refused, and the insolvents were bound over to appear before the Supreme Court, to answer a charge of fraudulent insolvency, should such be brought against them upon several of the allegations se| forth by the Union Bank, the opposing creditor. The amount due to the bank is £550. The public will be glad to learn that stops have ? already been taken by the Cabinet to meet the action of the Imperial Government in the matter of transnortation. Bv the outgoing1 mail nnt.infl will be sent to the Imperial authorities, that the mail contract will be terminated at the end of six months, unless the steamers cease to call at West Australian ports. Inaddition to this, circulars have been ad dressed to the other Colonial Governments inviting a conference, to consider and adopt a united scheme of action. A case of housebreaking is reported to the police as having occurred at Carlton, Wednesday morning ; the premises of Margaret Turner, 6 Madeline street, having been broken into, and a large quantity of boots of various sorts and sizes carried off. Tho complainant states that she was awakened about half -past two o'clock by a noise in the shop. She did not then get up, but did so soon after, when' she observed that one of the shutters had been taken off the window and a pane of glass broken. Seeing a boot lying outside on the footpath, she looked over the stock and found that a large number of boots had been removed. A meeting of the council of the AntiTransporta tion League was held Wednesday, at which the sub stance of tho answer of the Secretary of Stat6 to the remonstrances sent home, by the Legislature, in March last, was read. After considerable discus sion as to the course that should now be adopted, the following resolution was agreed to : — ' That the Council of the Anti-Transportation League, bavin** had tinder its consideration tho final answer of the Colonial Secretary of State in reference to trans portation to Western Australia, as communicated in ftiA Intj-ai. nf TVTi. TVTCf'^nrt/.U «« X1,« -I Oil. ? ? l' resolve to wait in a deputation on the Chief Secre tary to urge on him the necessity of immediate and earnest action on the part of the Government.' What will be the effect of the increased postage rates from England to Australia is clearly shown in a letter to the London Daily Telegraph, of 27th i June. The letter is dated Chesterton, Cambridge, | i 24th June, and is as follows : — ' When wo country folks are in trouble, we turn to you ; and very often a grievance is redressed or prevented by one of your sensible and influential articles. It sqems that the rates of postage have been raised to Aus tralia, Bince the last monthly departure, in a most arbitrary manner, and to a very large amount, as follows : — Up.to the half-ounce, via Marseilles, from. lOd to Is -td ; and via Southampton (the poor man.'s port), from Gd to Is ; just double. This arrange ment is to come into operation from and after The 1st of July. There are, in the large, village where I live, a number of people with relatives in Aus tralia, and, at some considerable Baorifice, they spare a monthly sixpence to correspond with them. In most cases, this is the only link remaining to connect them in this world ; they will never meet again, in all human probability. Tho imposition of a double postage in their cases is most cruol and most impolitic. They say, is this one of a series of changes about'to be made in consequonco of , tho retirement of tho poor man's friend, Sir Rowland Hill ? Is our penny postage also in jeopardy ? To whom are we indebted for this aot of, oppres Bion ? and for what reason ? Is it not contrary to all our recent experience in reducing tariffs ? You may rely upon it that if tho idea is to increase the revonue by doubling the tax, tho contrary will be tho result. You. see tin increasing agitation in the colonies (in Auutralia) for a fortnightly postal corn municatipn with England; but instead of. this, a largo ? majority of those who now write onoo a ' month will only write pneo in two or throo months, in order to recoup themselves for tho double rate of postage. I send gonerolly by Marseilles to the : colonies, and I don't much consider tho increased i postage ; but I speak in the name of a large and deserving class of correspondents, who have no other way of making.known what they feel to be a 1 great grievance.' , . An adjourned second meeting in the estate of Er nest Meyer was held in the Geelong Insolvent. Court, on Tuesday last. It will be remembered that at a former meeting in this estate some rather extraordinary revelations were made as to the course said to have been pursued by Mr. Cochrane, of the firm of Dunn and. Co., of Ballaarat, creditors of the insolvent with reference to the estate. On Tuesday an attempt was made by Mr M'Dermott, on behalf oi this firm, to re-open the matter with the view of offering some explanation. The Commissioner ruled that this could not be done as the matter was not properly before the court. At the conclusion of the case, however, the Ballaarat Star says':— ?'Mr Web ster, official assignee, observed that Messrs Dunn and Co., and other gentlemen from Ballaarat, had apparently been in error as to the real meaning of the remarks which had been previously made upon the case. It was not, he considered, intended to throw any imputations upon the character of Messrs Dunn and Co. ; but the remarks which had been made merely applied to the legal aspect of the case nsf.Vinn TVYBHAn+.firl hfifnrh +.Via p.hiirf.- TTis TTiYnm* err. plained that, in his remarks during the last hearing of the case, he certainly had no intention to cast any improper imputation upon the firm of Messrs Dunn and Co. His words were meant to have applied only to the appearance of the case as it was then pre sented to him. It was its legal bearing he alluded to at the time, and he only judged of it so far as the evidence then enabled him.' 7 ' About nine o'clock Wednesday morning, the con stable on duty in the Richmond Paddock was passing along the back of Jolimont, when he came upon a quantity of clothing, consisting of an Inverness cape, a light colored hat, and a dark iweed coat, lying there, at a spot about three hundred yards from the river. He searched the clothes, and in one of tho pockets of the coat found a letter dated from 'Wood- ley,' addressed to 'Mr Thomas Pownail, Castle maine ;' the writer being the sister of the party whose address it bore. The constable conveyed the clothes to head-quarters, and, having reported the circum stance to his superior officer, an investigation into the circumstances immediately followed. The Daily News, of Thursday, quotes the above, and gives the following further particulars : — 'The gentleman referred to, Mr Thomas T. Pownall, is well known and much respected throughout the' district of Cas tlemairie. . He was a partner in the firm of Wragge and Pownall, livery stable keepers, and was bailiff of the county court. He started to go down to Melbourne on Monday last, accompanied by Mrs Pownall and his nephew, but a relative states that he left them behind at Elphinstone' while he went to Melbourne. We are, of course, unable to supply any clue to the mysteiy of his disappear ance, but it is to be feared that the conjecture that he has committed suicide will prove correct, although he was not certainly a man whose tempera ment or intellect was of such a cast as would lead one to expect that he would be guilty of self destruction. It is known that for some time he has been harassed with pecuniary difficulties, as regards his own private affairs, and it is understood that a creditor who obtained a judgment against him at the last county court was pressing for a settlement. For one or two days before he left to go down to Mel Bourne, tuere was a aligns ecueuwiuuy in iuh mauutjr noticeable, and one day he was observed to stand in the street for a considerable time, occasionally ex amining the ? contents of his pocketbook, and mut tering to himself in a bewildered and perplexed manner.' ' A meeting of the new Industrial Building and In vestment Society was held, on Thursday, at the National Hall, Fitzroy, for the purpose of submitting the rules proposed, and of receiving the names of members and their entrance fees. Mr Howden took the chair. The peculiarity of this society is that the value of the share, the scale of payments, re demption fees, &c;, is fixed at one half of what is' the usual scale adopted by such societies. Mr Bellin, the acting secretary, explained the nature of the scheme and its- objects, and announced that forms of application were available at once. It was also said that the first meeting would probably be held in October, for the final adoption of rules and the commencement of operations. There was some conversation as to the constitution, of the committee, and some exceptions were taken to one of the names of the proposed officers. It was, however, intimated that the list was only provisional. A most important decision, affecting the interests of the quartz miners of the Maryborough district, was given by Mr Warden Pasco, on Monday last. The Talbot Leader reports : — ' The case was Pass more and party v. Gaxien and party, for an alleged encroachment on their quartz claim, near Old Man's Gully, Mosquito. Mr Hpskins, who was retained by Gaxien and party, contended that there was no en croachment, as the sections of the bye-laws (106 and 107) under which the claim of the complainants was held was illegal, inasmuch as the mining board had no power to make separate bye-laws for each divi sion — that nny by,e-law made should be for the whole of the Maryborough district. Mr Pasco concurred in this opinion, and nonsuited the complainants. Should this decision be correot, there is not a single quartz claim held legally in the Maryborough dis trict.' A correspondent writing from Mount Murchison to the Riverine Herald says :— ' Mr Torrance, of Hood, Torranco and Co., on the Parro River, left here for home a few days since. He speaks of the great want of bands on the Parro, and the 'Wgh rate of wages he has to give— 30s a week. A correspondent of your paper says (so I am told, for now I have seldom the good luck to see a paper at all, since the fearful flood in iKo Davling) ' ' that tho scenes that have taken place on the Parro are most disgraceful, and no wonder the blacks are mustering in largo numbers.' Mr Torrance' as* sures me1 this is not true, nor can I imagine what should call forth so ill-natured a remark. I havo been living close to the Lower Parro for some time, for I lambed down one of our ilpcks there. I never hoard otherwise than what Mr Torranco soys, namely, that the blacks and whites havo been on very good ternm with each other. Such reports as that about tho murder of Mr Vincent Dowlhig and his men have been got up by men who wish to keop others off the river, and thoroby keep up tho present high rate of wages.' In tho Sandhurst police court, on .Wednesday, a statomont of a very peculiar kind was made by Sergeant Drought. The Advertiser says: — 'An application for a beer liconso was opposed on the ground that tho applicant was a porsou of disre putable character, and his house conducted in a dis reputable manner, when the remark was made by the sergeant that the police never offered any objec tion to a license being ? granted to a brothel, as tho opposite course assisted them in the discharge of their duties. It may bs that this principle is re .cognised by the Chief- Commissioner of Police, it ? may be that it is the sergeant's own, but we appre hend that in a country professing to be Christian and civilised the bench v« ill withhold their assent to it.' On Thursday, a public meeting of the subscribers to the Dowling 'and Grut Testimonial Fund was held at the Fitzroy town hall, in order to present to the two Messrs Dowling and Mr Grut the pro ceeds of the subscription. The mayor of Fitzroy presided. The hon. H. Miller was called by the chairman to present to each of these gentlemen a purse of sovereigns. He made a few remarks on the circumstances which had entitled them to some token of the admiration that had been excited by their deportment on 'the occasion of the bank robbery. He complimented the recipients of this testimonial on their presence of mind, and courage and fidelity to their employers, and intimated that the residents of Fitzroy had very properly shown their appreciation of these qualities. After pointing a moral on the subject of transportation — a subject which was ' ex citing the public mind, to a most extraordinary de gree just now' — and contrasting the cowardly con duct of the people of New South Wales with the bravery displayed in Collingwood, he presented to each of the two gentlemen present a purse of forty sovereigns, the amount of which he admitted to be by no means commensurate with the invaluable ser vices they had rendered to the public. MrDowling, the manager, received the third purse on behalf of his brother, , Mr Thomas Dowling ; and then, in a few words, acknowledged ,the honor they had done him and Ms companions, and spoke of the 'wonderful' escape— for as such, on looking back, he conceived it to have been — which they had on that occasion. The meeting concluded with. three , cheers for the gentlemen to whom the purses were presented. A case of death under mysterious circumstances has occurred at the Duke de la Victoria boarding house, Bourke street. About eleven o'clock, on Wednesday night, a woman went to lodge there for the night, and was shown into one of the bedrooms. As she was not seen to leave the room the next day, it was surmised that something was wrong, and this was confirmed when, on attempting to gain admittance, it was found that the door was locked. The police were called in and the door forced open, when the woman was found lying quite dead with her head on the floor, and her legs on the bed. Dr. Wilkie; who was sent for, gave it as his opinion that she bad been dead about ten hours. The body presents no marks of violence. The deceased is apparently about thirty-two years of age, and of medium build. When she came to the house, she was dressed in a black straw hat with black feather, a black shawl, an old drab skirt, red stockings striped with black, and leather lace-up boots. There was found, near the body, a ginger beer bottle having a strong smell of spirits, and in the pocket of the dress was a six penny piece. From inquiries since made by the police, it is supposed that the deceased is named Ann Williams, and belongs to Launceston, where her family occupy a respectable position. In the court of mines at Sandhurst, on Wednesday, his Honor Judge Skinner took occasion to administer a rebuke to surveyors who make alterations in their plans after leaving the warden's office. He said they had no right to do so ; the plan ought to be laid before him as shown to the warden, and he trusted that for the future these alterations would not be made. 