SYDNEY SUMMARY. THURSDAY afternoon. TnE new ministerial financial policy has now developed itself. As Mr. Martin (who is to all iltents and purposes finance minister) told us some ime since no new taritl is to be brought down this easion; and further, the stamp duties are to be dropped; so that all that remains of past schemes aid of increased taxation is the newspaper extinction ta-a monument of ministerial vindictiveness. HIowever, the ministry have taken a right step-they have set about retrenching. But this poor ministry cannot even do the right thing in the right way. So they don't propose to do away with sinecures and hbolish useless departments; but to drop various Public works. Certainly I agree with them that hose works-aye, and many others-can well be dispensed with. I don't say that it wouldn't be better to have them carried out; but I do say that they are not indispensable; and that therefore they mny well be done without till better times come. Theu we have the £80,000 for immigration knocked off. The Martin ministry seem to have deter mined on injuring everybody who opposes them: so as they have materially injured the newspapers, they now turn on the Upper House. Speaking of this £80,000, Mr. Martin says:-"I have no doubt the withdrawal of this voto will cause a great deal of dissatisfaction; if not hero, elsewhere; and somo of thoso who took an active part in throwing out our tariff are among those who think that no expendi ture is so useful as this expenditure for immigration." Nevertheless, I think this is the beat part of the new proposals. though its adoption proceeds from a bad motive. Then we are to got X10,000 by enforcing the collection of the border customs on Victorian goods-a scheme which proved a failure before, but which Mr. Martin now hopes will be successful by means of some arrangement made with the Adelaide government, though I don't see how this can coerce the Victorians; and there must be an extra staff of custom house officers who will probably cost the country rather more than tile country will receive through their exertions. Mr. Martin says this course won't-affect the Riverine people; but surely they will have to pay more for their supplies, while in all probability thle Victorian government will retaliate by placing import duties on all live stock crossiug the iurray. The country schools of art are to lose their subsidies, which is hardly to be reo gretted; since the assistance of government to these bodies is based on a wrong principle. They ought to he self-supporting. No agricultural statistics are o he collected. They were never any use, and I hopo the government will yet see the advisability of tilmlg to poster people with that disagreerblo and iquisitloriul procetding called taking tho censuso, the only use of which seems to be to spend public money and find something for thel monstrously over-grown department of theo regis trar-general to do. If they would sweep away tlhe disgusting, prying, and impertinent questions ro quired il thlo registration of bitths, marriages, and deaths, it would be a good job too. Tihe volunteers and naval brigade--botl expensive pieces of hulm bug--re to be discontinued. Yoss must Iavu n,t mrechlnics' institute; several public works must be sloppedi and departmental savings are to be offected, amounti ing all to £l18,l156i whic, will Itle amount of revenue expected over that stated by Mr. "agar, gives .£217,856, or nearly £17.856 moro thalt is required. But, stranue to say, namid all the ro tranchment, and savitngs, und alterations, ! thelm polico mhgistrotes is still ptrwided for," as f lonorablo members %would say. Thero is a rumour now-but I don't bliuvo h Mr. Uowper would so disgrace himsnelf-tat thero will lo a coalition between him and Martin, one of our lurge mercantile firms fornishing t treasurer, nml tPgar retiring in company with at st orster, and Pauteett, lMrti is said to be heartily tired of his present COtlltPgueCS. Tie fate of Ilt. Church and School Lands Bill is till In doubt. 'Tile ministry . xpet u nvictory, astd tey oug lt to kno w, ns ahlot 'v !ry ,,lnbeur vo t ln been pursonally ennviassed by the lremnir. A omeeting was loull yulter'ldy at tie Exulhantg, to t.tttt 10s foer t Iuoolllic retotytoit i.ll of t .uo erv.lev In b.r, Cntpboll, of toittblt, ir rllylin ti untry So ullt O' eully. Woll, ft i L Ir.lgly delorvue revard, no one oan rofilo io nulUh to rt, CGmpbell, and as testimonials ad toansecrit are now tlo fashion, let him have one by all meants. On Mondlay last a deputation froeo tihe inhabit ants of P'addington and Woollahra waitedl on the Governor with an address' praying for a dissolution of tle present Assembly, whieh'his Enxcelleticy, asin previous cases, promised to-.lay before hiis respon. sible (7) advisers. Of course thiese gentlemen will recommend him to do nothingof the kind.' The Empire thus describes the. handsotdo gold casket subscribed for by the ladies'of the colony for presentation to the LPrincess of Wales and made by Mlr. Hogarth, a Danish jeweller favorably lknown in thliis city :--The ctsket, as we hlave said, is entirely of Australian goll, and measures eleven inches in length, witlh a breadth of six iiclles, nid a height of nine inches. Tto prineipal portion of tho'front is occupied by .a classical has relieJ, after. Thorwaldsen, thlie Danish sculptor, represeisting HIymBen andi Cupid spinnitg thol!.tlread of lifet-a most appropriatlesub ject, and itn particularly good "taste, as conveying a graceful tribute to tihe genius of tire Princess's oswn country. To tihe righlt atd left of tiis are the royal arms of Denmark and England, and the workmsan ship of these is extremlcy delicate aond beautiful. Underneath the main device is an exquisitely finishled hmunch of fern leaves int frosted goh!, and abovo it, over the kIey-hole of tlie casklet, is thle waratah. Next to the arms of England, and'fortingi, as "it were, a corner pillar to tihe casket, is lth figure of a native woman carrying a basket and to spear. ' This little statuette, as well as thie thro'o at th'oe other' corneirs, is remarklably true to riture,: ntid worked up to the life. Under hler feet, forming' oneo corner of tihe pedestal, are the leaves and flower of tie native honeyseckle, all differently arranged, and'all equally beastifel and true. The other f'ront corner cossists of an aboriginal mali, it act to throw the boomerang. Tihe front corners of the lid are ornamented--ihat on the right by the leaves of the cabbage palm; and that on the left by the leaves anti fruit of the native pear. Turning tile casket round, we find, 'corres pending to the classical bas-relief in front, another. device, superior in'our opinion to the mythological sculpture of thie Dane. It is a representation of a native family group. A lubra, carrying a picaninnsy on hler shoullers, stands resting one hand upon a brankl, whlere a blackfellow is seated, and is ofleritg to hIis wife a bird's nest coutaining eggs, while the latter points with ler right hand to the little one (on her back, as if remoestrating witlh hler lord on the cruelty of depriving the parent birds of their young. The idea and tile execution its this picture are beyond all praise. To. thle right and left of this, corresponding to the Danish and English arms on the other side, are combinations of native weapons and hunting and.fishing implements, including the boomerang, the nellah-nllah, the stoeo hatchet, the fishing baslket, &e.;, all intertwined withl gum-leaves. Tie corners again are little statuettes of male aud female natives; the one dtefenldisig hlimself with hIis shield and hulding tihs nullah-nsllah i his rigi t hasld, tie oteor rostinlg on ber wooden spear. The two handles, one at each end'of tie casket, are magnificent representatiois of tihe boll stngisorn ferns-a device happily seized upon and worked out wvith admirable spirit. YWe have mentioned now the principal features of this admirable workle of art, ex cept theo crowning point of all-the apex of the lid. Where everything is so excellent, it is dlifficult to silngle out a particular feature, but we cannot refrain from saying thlat, in the majestic figure of the old emu which surmosunts the workl, the artist has, if possible, even excelled hltimself The pose of the figure, the life-like turn of the head, the all but actual motion of tihe legs, the symmetry of form, aned the fidolity of every feature, stamp this portion of the work pre-eminently willth thie mark of true genius. It seemns almost a pity to hlave the attention of the beholder distracted from this noble figure by the quaint-looking little ones which are toddling ahbout among the IBer leaves at its feet. We must co?ifess tlhatt we would willingly dispenese with the attendance of tile two outsiders. The kIey of the cuasket is most tasteful and unique, consisting as it elees of a beautifully finished little opossum, perched like a squirrel on the end of a sholrt bough, and sibbling its dainty meal of leaf and flower. The in silde of tile box is lined with crimson velvet. Tihe hinges are constructed on a new principle, so as to be invisible, and thius not interfere with the continuity of the exterior surhface. Tihe casket itself is finishled as we have said, but Mr. HIogarthl has lately re. ceived a fresh order for a stand, to be made of myall wood inlaid with gold, which will nto doubt add materially to the general effect of this beautiful work. We believe thlat the casklet will be publicly elxhibited before it is finally transmitted to its destination. No oneo who has any taste for the beautiful bshould omit seeing it. On Saturday at the wvater police court HIenry Allen Raymond, chief oflicer of the schooner Star of Eve, was charged with stabbing a Chinaman named Yan Si, fisherman, withl a knife. The offllenco with which prisoner was chlarged took place about midnighlt on Friday, in Gloucester-street. It appears that as prisoner was passing near a public-lhouse, he jocularly saluted prosecutor, saying, " John, are you going to stand a nobbler?" out of which an altercatiou arose, during whichl prisoner took a clasp-knife out of prosecutor's poclte aed stabbed hism with it several times ic various parts of the body, inilicting two or three deep, but not very serious wounds. Prisoner alsowas wounded, having a cut across hiis ing'ers, but olwhether tlis was re ceived by a blow from prosecutor or by theo closing of the blade of tie klnife when it wats in his own possession, did not appear. Mr. Greer conducted the prosecution. Plrisoner was cosmmitted for trial at tioe next sitting of thie central criumioal court. On Tuesday morniog (says thle Empire) there was service performed at St. Mary's Cathledral for the repose ot tlhe soul of thie late Very Slav. Deanl Graut, of Bathlurst. Shlortly after nine o'cloclk hiis Grace thle Most iReverecd Archbishop Folding cetered thla cathedral, as also the following clergymen:--Thel Venerable Archdeeon Mle Ececroe, tihe Very lev. D)ean Sumour, the Ileverend Butlthers Sheridan, Corish, Dwyer, Convway, Curly, Duigan, Crone, Fords, Dostovao, and Carvie. The alter was robed withl black cloth, and a colffin was placed in the aisle, malting tile ceremeony exceedingly imposing, A dirgue was first chanted by tile clergy, led by the Archlbishop, after lwhich a solemn requiem high mass was celebrated by the Very RIoev. DI)ea aumner, assisted by Fstlhers Crone and Donovan. Mr. Cordncr presideld at the orgoan.with his usual ability. T'rle Dead Mlarchl in Saul was played with much effect, the mournlul tuneao resounding throughout tihe spacious edifice. The cathedral was crowded during the service by not only members of ths R-aman Catholic Church, but by persons of other persua sions. At half-past cloven o'clock the service con cludod. 