MELBOURNE MARKETS. Eastern Market. — Saturday. The supply of vegetables this morning was good for. the season. Fruit is getting scarce, and consequently better prices realised : — Basil, Is per dozen bunches ; beans, kidney, 3d per lb ; beet, Is per dozen ; bouquets, 5s to 8s per dozen ; cabbages, Is to 3s per dozen ; carrots, 9d to Is per dozen bunches ; celery, Is to 4s per dozen ; cress, water, 9d per dozen bunches ; cucumbers, 8d to Is 6d per dozen ; garlic, 6d per lb ; horse radish, 3s to 5s per dozen sticks ; lavender, Is per dozen bunches ; leek, 6d to 9d per dozen bunches ; lettuce, 6d to 8d per dozen bunches; marjoram, Is per dozen bunches ; mint, Is per dozen bunches ; onions, dried, 8s to 12s per cwt. ; do, green, 6d to per dozen bunches ; parsley, Is per dozen bunches ; parsnips, Is to Is 3d per dozen bunches ; peas, 3d to 3id per lb ; potatoes, 4s 6d to 5s 6d per cwt ; pumpkins 2s 6d to 4s' per dozen ; radishes, (3d per dozen bunches ; rhubarb, Is 6d to 2s per dozen bunches ; sage, Is per dozen bunches ; shallots, 5d to per lb ; thyme, 9d per dozen bunches ; turnips, 9d to Is 3d per dozen bunches; tomatoes, ldperlb; vegetable marrows, 2s per dozen ; capsicums, 9d to Is per lb ; chillies, Is per lb ; almonds, 8d per lb ; apples, 2d to 4d per lb ; grapes, 3d to 6d per lb ; melons, water, 2s 6d to 3s 6d per dozen ; do, rock, 2s to 4s per dozen ; preserving, 4s per dozen ; pears, 3d to 4d per lb ; quinces, 2dper lb ; butter, Is to Is 3d per lb ; ducks, 5a to 6s per pair; eggs, 2s 9d to 3s per dozen; geese, 9s to 10s per pair ; hens, 4s 6d to 5s per pair ; honey 8d to Is per lb ; rabbits, 3s 6d per pair ; sucking pigs, 10s to 12s each ; turkeys, 12a to 16s per pair. Eastern Market. — Wednesday. e The supply this morning was small, but fully equal to the demand. Prices much the same as on Saturday, with the exception of good cabbage, which is a shade higher. Potatoes are firm, and higher prices looked for. Fruit scarce. Basil, Is per dozen bunches ; beans, kidney, 2Jdto 3d per lb ; beet, 9dto Is per dozen ; bouquets, 5s to 8s per dozen ; cab bages, Is 6d to 3s per dozen ; carrots, 9d to Is per dozen bunches ; celery, 2s to 5s per dozen ; cress, water, 8d per dozen bunches ; cucumbers, 8d to Is 3d per dozen ; garlic, 3d to 4d per lb ; borse radisb. 3a per dozen uticks ; lavender, Is per dozen bunches ; leeks, 9d to Is per dozen bunches ; lettuce, 6d to Is per dozen ; marjoram, 9d per dozen bunches ; mint, 8d per dozen bunches ; onions, dried, 8s to 12s per cwt ; do, green, 6d per dozen bunches ; parsley, Is per dozen bunches ; parsnips, Is 3d per dozen bunches ; peas, 2£d to 3d per lb ; potatoes, 5s to 5s Cd per cwt ; pumpkins, 3s to fit} per dozen ; radishes., 4.d to (}d per dozen bunches ; rhubarb, Is 6 to 2s per dozen bunches ; sage, 9d per dozen bunches ; eschalots,^ 5d per lb ; thyme, 6d per dozeu bunches ; turnips^ 9d to Is 3d per dozen bunches ; tomatoes, 2i per lb ; vegetable marrows, 9d to Is 6d per dozen ; capsicums, 6d per lb ; chillies, 9cl per do ; apples, 2cl to 4d per lb ; melons (rock), 2s to 3s per dozen ; pears, 2d to 4d per lb; quinces, 2dperlb. Dairy Produce : Butter, 10s to Is 2d per lb ; ducks, 5s to 6s 6d per pair ; eggs, 2s 9d to 3s per dozen ; geese, 9s to 10s per pair ; hens, 4s to4s 6d per do ; honey, 8d to Is per lb ; pigeons, 2s per pair ; rabbits, 3s to 3s 6d per paii- ; suckling pigs, 10s to 12s each. ; turkeys, 12a . to I83 per pair. The Mills. Messrs R. and W. Aitken report: — Flour, £25 to £26 per ton ; pollard, 2rf per bushel ; bran, Is 3d to Is 4d do. Wheat', none offering. ' Messrs Hadley and Co. report : — The wheat and flour markets continue in a very unsettled state. There is no price quoted upon which we can rely. Fine flour, £24 per ton ; fine pollard, 2s 6d per bushel; coarse do, Is 7ddo; bran, in good demand, Is 3d, bags returned. Wheat, but little offering ; priees nominal at 9s 6d per bushel. Mr Samuel Ramsden reports : — There Iia3 been a fair demand for flour during the past week. and prices are unchanged. Silk-dressed flour, £25 per ton ; bran, Is 2d per bushel ; pollard, Is 9d do. Labor Market. . Mr Elderton reports :— There is little or no change in the market. The demand for station and agricultural men is but small, and only a few plough men, bullock-drivers and useful men have met with situations — ploughmen, 12s to 15s ; bullock-drivers, 12s to 15s; laboring men, 12s weekly. Married couples just now are not much asked for, as several came out in the Government immigrant ship, Tudor, last week, and supplied the required wants. Male domestics, excepting cooks, have not been in request. Femule servants obtain situations if possessing good reference and are capable of performing the requi site duties ; but those females who are only suitable for farms, dairies and country work, find it most difficult to obtain situations, and large numbers are out of employment. No change has taken place in. wages. . California. — The following extracts from private letters, received by an eminent shipping firm in this city, with which we have been courteously furnished, give a fuller account than any yet published of the Californian markets, and the state of the crops, in .'..?-. prospect. They were forwarded per Charlotte Andrews, the dates being 23rd, 24th and 25th March: — ' We had been looking for rain during two months ; in that usually wet period scarcely any had fallen. The crops are considered safe, so far, and, it is expected, will not fall much short of last year's. Indications, up to 16th inst. were that we should have no more rain, and wheat rose to 2 dol 40 c in San Francisco', which price was paid by up country millers. In various parts of the State large parcels were held at 2 dol 50 c, to which would have to be added transport charges to this if not consumed there. Barley rose to 3 dol, oats to 3J dol, and flour to -8 dol. Buyers' of grain were not very abundant ; but sellers were few, here and in the interior. On the 16th we. had slightly wet weather, and 18th inst. we had a storm, and about § of an inch of water fell, which broke our prices', and we can quote to-day wheat 1 dol 70 c to 1 dol 75 e large parcels could not be bought under the outside figure. Oats and bai-ley, 2 J to 2f dol. Flour, 5£ dol ; superfine, 5J dol extra in half sacks, per 196 ;lb ; on quarter sacks, 25 c more per barrel ; the ten dency is downwards and wheat must decline consi derably, because shipments to England under limits here, are out of question still.' Freight was quoted £2 10s to England. Tonnage abundant. '24th March : Owing to line weather, prices of grain had again taken a start ; and we alter our quotations in the latter, to which this is a postscript, thus — Wheat, 1 dol 90 c. Barley, 2 dol 85 c and oats 3 dol. 25th March : The continuance of fine weather and northerly cold winds, have dried up the wet of the 16th and 18th inst, preventing those rains doing any good ; a few more such days as now will defi nitely result in half crops only, however much it may rain later; the deficiency on barley will be made up from wheat for horse feed, &c;, and a large quantity of seed will be wanted from San Francisco, as in many interior places they will have no sufficiency of wheat for seed ; such are to-day the opinions of some who have no faith in a drought. There are only 2000 bags wheat which to-day could be bought at 2'J c per lb, no one willing to sell even at this figure, uuderhand offers of orders were given to buy tip all lots which could be had at 1 dol. 80 c. to 1 dol. 90 c, when wheat was ruling at 1 dol. 75 c. for small parcels. Nothing worth mentioning was obtainable at 2J dol. Twenty mil sacks could not be bought. To secure 150 tons oats, at' 3 c. per lb, eight different lots had to be bought. Barley, 2 dol. 85 c. Orders from Epgland; are better by about 2 dol. — say 45 per quarter wheat, cost and freight ; on account of the Danish war German vessels to be avoided. The Forres, from Sydney, arrived a few days ago, chartered there for return cargo Horn1, wheat, oats, and comes to a better market for said articles than the Charlotte Andrew.' The Sydney Morning Herald publishes the fol lowing lotter, addressed- to a mercantile house in Sydney, under date San Francisco, 24th March': — Since the rain fell, we have had another ' dry spell,' and if this weather continues it is impossible to tell how wide a range prices may take within the next six weeks. Wheat this afternoon cannot be purchased, there is no one here that wishes to sell. It was quoted yesterday afternoon aiul this morning at 1 dol 75 c, but it would be impossible to buy 3000 sacks now for 1 dol 90 c. There^ is no wheat in the city for sale at less than 2 dol 10 c, or 2 dol 24 c. Parties who bought some two weeks since at high figures are now hold ing on, and hope in a few days to get their old price. There is now in the State in store probably 900,000 lb wheat, and still to-day you cannot in the city pur chaso 10,000 lb, except at very extremo prices. Never before was our grain market in such an unsettled state, and in what direction prices will move time only can tell. Barley and oats are particularly scarce, and we doubt that an entire cargo of either could be purchased at any price. We quote 2§'o'to- 3 o per lb, aocording to quality, of chevalier barley.. There is no vessel on the berth for your quarter ex cept the Fovres, for Auckland, although a party is adyertjising for a email vessoUQ toad, for Melbourne,. 