Dunedin bus just been tbo theatre of a popular demonstration, which verifies the adage that it is but a step from the sublime to the ridiculous. An attempt lias been made to coerce tbo local Government and Parliament of Otago into a kind of wholesale retrenchment, in the form of the immediate dismissal of all the Government employes, and the expenditure of their salaries in find" ing- work for the unemployed miners, mechanics, and others, now suffering distress in that part of New Zea land. This attempt took the form of nn open-air meeting, at which a person named James Gordon Stuart Grant — formerly a resident in this colony, and abiding in tlio very prosaic region of Prahran — was the leader of the movement, and its chief spokesman and journalist, all in one. He led tho crowd, first to the Superin- icuucui/ d, ui A-'upui-jr-vjovernor s resi dence and next to the Legislative Council, in the expectation of carrying his novel plan of instantaneous financial reform by a coup de main. But the little Parliament was not to he bullied by this sham hero, and they quiotly gave him the alternative of a very- humble apology ior his silly escapade, or of fine and imprisonment. And the poor bewildered madcap had sufficient of the canny spirit of his countrymen left, to see the wisdom of making an humble apology, and getting off " scot- free" this time at least. -GnANT has a small weekly publica tion in Dundin, which he calls The Saturday Review, and from this paper we give a few extracts describing the scene. There had been two meetings, one on Monday, the Gth of June, at which resolutions affirmingthenecassity of the reform in the Government expen diture already referred to, were passed, and these resolutions were taken by Grant at the head of the crowd to the Superintendent, who transmitted them to the, Legislative Council. The latter body declined to enter tain them, and this brought Mr. Grant— to use his own. language — down upon them a .la Cromwell. We shall narrate the rest in his own words : — :"We then, thus escorted, proceeded to tho Council Chamber. It became very soon full to' overflowing. .The men behaved themselves very, decorously. We waited till the mem bers tobk their seats — till , prayer was offered up by the Speaker — .and till the minutes of the preceding day were read nnd ratified. Then we rose, and, CROMWELL-like, turned round to our body- guard, and reminded them oi their vows. The decisive crisis had just arrived. W e were filled with a variety of contending emotions. We were anxious to avoid any sort of disturbance. We trembled lest any acts of violence, on the part of any hot-headed man might ensue. We, also, had doubts of the moral courage of our supporters. We therefore, did just what Cromwell did two centuries ago, we turned round to the men in the body df the hall and concisely said, — ' I am now going to present your most peaceful and respect ful memorial.' - By this action we wished to convey to the Council that it would he their wisdom to allow us to read the resolutions, and allow them to he put on the tablo of the' House. We humbly conceive thnt this action was a stroke of a masterly and pacific policy. The Council had thus nn opportunity of seeing tho hopelessness of offering any obstructions to us or of arresting us. After these few words addressed to the men who filled the body of the hall, the Speaker cried out, 'Order! order!' in a mili tary tone of voice. , Wo made an attempt to speak. We began to say ' Your Honour.' ' Sit down, Sir,' rejoined the Speaker. - We again tried to speak, and said, 'Your Honour, I am going — ' 'Sergeant- at-Arms,' said the Speaker, ' take that man into custody.' Now was the de cisive moment : Had Cromwell's light dragoons hesitated for one moment, after the Spenker ordered the Sergeant- at-Arms to take that man in custody, all would have been lost. We again began to say, when the Sevgeant-at- Arms was approaching us, 'I am in the pursuit of my duty, nnd I call upon you to protect me.' We were then escorted out of the hall and conveyed to a room below, in charge of the Ser- geant-at-Arms. We were thus sacri ficed in the presence of the men who vowed to protect us. Beyond hisses, stamping and groaning, alter we were conveyed to custody, no efforts were made to protect us. Woll, wo suppose, it was all ordered for the best. Those who censure us for what they may term a daring and illegal action, will do well to re member that there are moments in his tory when the leaders of great and holy causes have to consult only the dictates of their consciences and the inspiration of God. Mazzini openly in his writ ings thus acquits himself. There are eauses so great, so holy, and so conse crated, that their leaders have to take life and reputation in their hands and abiie the consequences. ' There are exceptional moments in the life and history of nations, not to be judged by the normal rules of human justice, and in' which the actors can only receive inspiration from their conscience and from God.' After the lapse of an hour, the Sergeant-at-arms, at the request of the Speaker and Council, brought us up to- the bar of the 1101130. The doors were locked." The prisoner was called to the bar. The Speaker having intimated to him the enormity of his offence and its punishment, Grant was ordered 'to I withdraw. When again called in, the '. alternative of an apology, or fine and imprisonment, was, & we havo Enid, communicated to him. " I, therefore, aak you," said the Spenker, " will you accept of this apology : — ' I, James Gordon Stuart Giiant, hereby ex press my deep regret that I should have been guilty, in the opinion of your House, of contempt ; nnd hereby offer my sincere apology for this offence, and promise not to offend again.' " The prisoner : Yes, sir. Tho Speaker : Then I have nothing more left but the agreeable duty of releasing you from nrrost. I would just say that I most sincerely hope that for the future you will set an example of loyal obedience to " all the inhabitants of tbis town. Sergennt-at-Arms, release tho pri soner." Mr. Grant speedily left the hall. -V'And now (continues this fustian horo in his Saturday Review) that this agitation has come to a peaceful termi nation, so far as we are concerned, wo candidly confess that it was an error of judgment on our. part to expect sufficient moral support and personal protection' in these colonies. It is not safe for tiny man to attempt to benefit his fellow-creatures in any such daring manner in a city of only 20,000 inha bitants. The theatre is too small, and tho people too selfish and timid to make any sacrifices for tho holiest of causes, evon if it should be the very salvation of their lives from destruction. In London, and in London only, can a true nntrint, relv nn tlin intellionnt snn- port, moral and physical, of the people." Tho Dunedin Saturday Reviewer is evidently a subject for tho Yarra Bend.' It was said, of old, of tho city of Athens, " that it was a place which many strangers liked to visit, but that few of them chose to reside there." The same observation might be applied to the colony of Victoria in the present day. It is not an abiding place, but a house of call, and its inhabitants are, for tho most part, mere birds of passage. It is not surprising that this should have been the case a few years ago. Life was in the rough, and there was an absence of nearly all thoso conveniences and appliances which civilised man has been aocustomed to consider necessary for his comfort and enjoyment. The colony coulcl not be said to have a people : they were a mere mob, drawn by the thirst for gold from every quarter of the habitable globe. There was no bond of, union between them, and they had no object in common ex cept to make money as fast and leave the country as soon as they could. It was quite natural, under such circum stances, that the emigrant who had ex patriated, himself for the purpose of im- E roving his condition, should consider is residence here as a species of punish ment, to be terminated as soon as he had attained the object for which he had, left his country and kindred. The habit "of thought and action thus pro duced, unfortunately continues, al though the causes . that led to it no ilonger exist. The forest has yielded to the vigorous strokes of the settler; acres of grain have taken the place of .the wilderness, or countless flocks and dierds roam over its natural pastures; for the canvas tent has been substituted the comfortable house; thriving townships, not unlike in name, appear ance, and population, to thoso oLEngr land, have arisen on every side, and a city not to be distinguished from thoso of Europe, with irs railways, its streets, its conveniences, and luxuries, has frown up almost as suddenly as if it had een raised by the wand of an enchan ter, and transferred to the banks of the Yarra.' . But the evil to which we have ad verted still remains, and remains in an aggravated shape. There is nothing so contagious as example, and when we hear of such men as Mr. Ebden spend ing on the erection of a house in Eng land, twenty-seven thousand pounds drawn from this colony ; and Sir Daniel Cooper, leaving Sydney, from which he draws a vast annual rental, end taking uphispermanent resi dence in London, it makes us pause to consider whether some remedy cannot be devised to check tho growing evil of absenteeism. In. a despotic country, such as Russia-or China, a subject can not leave it without tho sanction of the sovereign, unless he does so clandes tinely. In this colony, and in all countries governed by British law, every one is free to transfer himself and his possessions without let or hindrance whithersoever he thinks fit. No writ of " ne exeat" bars his progress, unless upon the application of some inex orable creditor. It is not desirable that it should be otherwise, hut it is only reasonable and just that the landed proprietor living in other lands should pay in the shape of an absentee tax towards the expenses of protecting the wealth he has abandoned. Nothing is more danger ous than rashly or unnecessarily inter meddling with property, but it has been well and truly said that " it has 1 its duties as well as its rights ; " and when those duties are neglected, it behoves the State to see that this is not done altogether with impunity. Ac cordingly, we find that when the kings of England had dominions in France, and their subjects preferred residing on their estates in that country, a tax on absentees was adopted by what wo are accustomed to call the wisdom of our ancestors. There may be objections to such a tax, and ob jections will exist to every tax that can be proposed, but the balance of ad vantage will be greatly in its favour. The effect of absenteeism on a coun try is the same as opening one of the arteries would be to the human body, it causes a profuse loss of tho fluid necessary to sustain life and health. It is not oven the loss of material wealth, great as that may be, at it involves ; but the country is thereby deprived of the men that can bo least spared. By absenteeism those who are most likely to contribute to the prosperity of the colony are taken away, and by their absence the people are deprived of those t;) whom they could with con fidence look up. If such men do their duty, the benefits they have it in their power to confer as legislators, as magis- I trates, and as neighbours, are very great, and their absence is a serious evil. Nations, as well as individuals, are prosperous or otherwise, according to the use they make of the means within their power. Tho great natural advantages we enjoy maybe neutralised by neglect of those precautions which ordinary prudence would suggest ; and one of the onuses of our weakness, which sound legislation would provide for nnd diminish, is the great and grswing evil of absenteeism. The Speaker of tho Legislative Assembly, In 'last night's Gazette, notifies to the Chief Secre tary that on MoxSay, the 27th instant, lie will issue a wfjt for the diction of a member to serve in Parliament'for the East Bnurko Boroughs, In tho room of Mr Ilcales, docoascd. Mr Grant has definitely declined the position of President of the Board of Lands and Works, hut will, as we stated a few days since, continue to administer the department for aomo time. The successor to Mr Hgales will probably be Mr Verdon. Mennwbile the department is so well nnd liberally administered by Mr Grant thnt it is a matter (or regret that he has refused to take the position of ministerial head. His successor, if he be one of the present Ministry, is scarcely likely to prove so efficient. Tho Anti-Transportation League transmits by the outgoing mall nn address to (he new Colonial Secretary, Mr Cnrdwcll, praying him to use his influence to put an cud to tho system of trans portation to Western Australia. The Bnllaarat Evening Post says : — " A very numerously signed requisition has been prepared in Ballaarat East for presentation to the lion John OhShanassy, asking him to represent that borough iu the next Parliament. Last night n telegram was sent to the honourable gentleman to request bim to appoint a day upon which lip would rcceivo a deputation and he presented with the address. A reply wa9 received this afternoon by E. Steinfield, Esq, stating that Mr O'Shanassy would necessarily be out of town far n few days, but that lie would be happy to meet tbo deputation at Morton's hotel, on the 30th inst. If Mr O'Shanassy chooses to stand, there is no doubt as to his being returned." The borough of Eaglchnwlc (Sandhur«t), in accordance with the application of the Municipal Counc.il, is proclaimed in last night's Gazette to bo a district wherein colonial beer licenses may be granted. A night or two ago the crushing machine of Lewis and Co, at Niinrod Reef, was robbed of oue of its copper plates. It would appear that the thieves were disturbed, as preparation? were made for removing another one, hut it was left behind. The thieves must hnve been considerable gainers by the transaction. I A meeting of tho members of the Shakspere Committee was to have been held yesterday, at Mr Summers' studio, but In consequence of the paucity of attendance no business was trans acted. The land offered for sale near Echucn, yester day, found no purchaser. This is. one of the effects of tho present system of the Government confining their advertisements of Crown lands sales to certain newspapers of limited circulation. Mr Carpenter, says the M. A. Mill, v'sitcd Chewton on Thursday, and Lieutenant Smith baa nlso personally given the voters there a re minder of the approaching elections. ' The following election gossip Is from the Star; — " Mr Duncan Gillies has announced his intention to stand again for Ballaarat. West, and as Mr W. M. K. Valo has made a similar an nouncement, and Mr R. Le Poor Trench's acceptance of an invitation to contest tho election is also known, we may reckon on having at least three candidates before the elec torate when the tug of war comes. For Ballaarat East there appears to be n paucity of pronounced candidates, but an Indefinite num ber of gentlemen are suspected of embition thnt way. Neither of the old members has declared himself, and besides that electoral rcductio . ad absurdum Mr Lyon, gossip speaks of Messrs Dyte. Semple, and Bell as only waiting to be wooed." Mr John Brougham has been elected a director in the Aerated Bread Compnny in place of Mr C. N. Thorne, who is etill suffering from severe indisposition. Last night's Gazette contains instructions for the guidance of the authorities during the Schleswig-IIolstein war, in reference to Danish nnd German shipping, viz. t — "1. During the continuance of the present hostilities between his Majesty the King of Denmark, on the one side, and liis Majesty the Emperor of Austria, his Majesty the King of Prussia, and the Germanic Confederation, or any of these powers, on the other side, no prize captured or taken by any armed ship of any of the belligerent powers, or bv nny officers or persons in tho s'rvieeofany of tho said powers, shall be permitted to be brought into any of the ports, harbours, road stead, or waters belonging to her Mnjcsty, either in the Unitod Kingdom or elsewhere. 2. All ships of war of any of the said bellige rents are strictly prohibited from mak ing uso of any port or roadstead in the United Kingdom of Great Britaio-and Ireland, or in the Channel Islands, or in nny of Her Majesty's colonies or possessions abroad, as a station or plnce of resort for any warlike purpose, or for any purpose of warlike equipment ; nnd no ship of war of any of the said belligerents shall hereafter be permitted to sail out of, or to leave any port, rondstead, or waters subject to British jurisdiction, from which any vessel of the power or pnverswith whom such belligerent is at war (whether the same he ft ship of. war or a morchant ship) shall have previously departed, until after the expiration of at least twenty -four hours from the departure of such last-mentioned vessel beyond the territorial jurisdiction of Her Majesty." A crowded meeting of, the shareholders of tho Third Victoria Building aud Investment Society, was held last evening at tlio Mechanics' Insti tute. Mr G. IV. Itusdcn occupied tho chnir, and remarked that a iProvlslonal Committee bad brought up the rule? for adoption, which would ho submitted to tHe meeting. The rules were then adopted, with tee following altera tions The Solicitor's fees for a mortgage were to be L3 3s, the maximum Li 4s, and release L2 10s. The chairman then announced that over a thousand shares had been already taken up, and one hundred and seventy given nt the door before the mcctiug had taken place. Mr Rusden also announced that the solicitor and surveyor would he nominated at the next meeting. The following gentlemen were then nominated, and tlio meeting closed after the usual voto of thanks to tho chairman: — Office Bearers : — Trustees : Stephen Donovan, lion. D. E. Wllkio, Peter J. Martin, Captain Win. Radcliffe, lion. Caleb J. Jenner, John M'Gec, and James Mason. President: G. W. Rusden. Treasurer: Thomas Moubray. Stewards: Georgo Terry, W. T. Grinstod. Committee : Messrs T. Alston, J. L. M'Clure, James Fer guson, R. Callaghan, J. M'Donald, Edmund Finn, Alfred Hughes, Charles J. Miller, D. H. Valantine, Richard Hodgson, G. A. Mouritz, J. Tanhar, G. Chambers, J. Weedow, J. P. Walker, H. G. de Grucliy, A. Anderson, J. H, Wymond, M. Hood, Joseph Sullivan, — Stil- wcll, Moses A. Alexander, C. W. Smart, W. A. Brahe, W. Corcoran, James Smith, George Shaw, and A. Snowdeu. Secretary : M. Miller. The election is to take place on next Thursday eveniog. We understand that steps will be taken to open share list? in tho country dis tricts. Thursday's Bcndigo Advertiser lias' quite a catalogue of accidents. On Wednesday after noon a child named Harden was run over by ii' cab near tho Robin Hood Hotel, liud so seriously lujured that its lifo is despaired of. In the evening of the same day a buggy, in which was a Mr M'Shane, his wife, and child, was upset by comiug in contact with the fencing of a road claim ou the Iron Bark road. Mr M'Shane received injuries, both internally nnd externally, the other occupants also sustaining severe bruises about the face and other parts of the Ixxly. The driver nttrlbuted the accident to the neglect in not having a light on the side of the claim he was approaching, and intends bringing an action against tho owners for the injuries sustained, both by tho occupants of tho vchiclo aud tlio buggy. Thomas M'Fadden died in tho hospital from Injuries sustained by falling on a bottle on Sunday last; and a man named Wm Pcarce, who was working in the Peglcg Mining Com pany's claim, was suffocated by foul air In the drive of an eld shaft. It is Intended that a general parai'e of the metropolitan and suburban cempnnloi will take place on Separatioa Day, the 1st of July. A regular field drty is projected if tlio sanction of his Excellency the Governor can be obtained. On that day the fortunate winners of the prizes at the matches of the Victorian Bifle Associa tion will bo presented witli their prizes on the parade ground, but, should the weather prove unfavourable, an adjournment will be mado to he Exhibition Building. At a meeting of landholders nnd othors, resident in the districts of Essendon and Fiemington, held yesterday, nt Scott's hotel, a deputation was appointed to wait upon the Commissioner oi Railways and Roads at an early date to request the Government to carry on the traffic which the Essendon Railway Company lias announced its intention of abandoning at the close of the present month. The Gipps Land Lakes Navigation Com pany's steamer T. Norton, Captain Cleland, arrived at Latrobe Bridge, Sale, on Mondny last. She left the Heads on the 10th inst, and encoun tered strong E. and S.E. gales, during the con tinuance of which she took shelter, first at Western Port, nnd afterwards at the Promontory. Leaving the latter on the 18th, she reached the entrance to the Lakes at midnight the following day, and early next morning passed safely thrcugh. Captain Cleland reports that for vessels not drawing over five feet, and assisted by a steamer to cross tho Bar, the cntranco is quite safe and practicable. At the weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Friday, the Superintendent made the follow ing return : — Number of inmates in the Home as reported last week, C31 ; admitted since, 81 ; persons who have received out-door relief, 147 ; total relieved, 859 ; discharged from the Home during the week, 75; total at present remain ing, G37 ; consisting of children chnrgcable to the Government 448 ; cases chargeable to the Society, 189. It will be seen from our advertising columns that tho anniversary sermons of Erskine Church . Sabbath School will he preached to-morrow, as fallows : — The Rev J. W. Inglis will preach a sermon to children at three o'clock in the after noon ; and the Rev ; Peter Brown, recently arrlved'from Scotland, will preach in the even ing, at half- past six. The Rev Mr Ballantyne will officiate as usual in the morning, at eleven o'clock. The Head-Quarters' Band will play to-day (Saturday) afternoon, from lialf-pnst two to hnlf-pnst four, at the Exhibition Building, the following pieces of music': — Overture,- "The Merry Wives of Wiudsor, " Nlcotai; Quadrillo, " New Molodcis," Strauss ; Selection, " Romeo nnd Juliet," Bellini; Overture, "Les Vcpres Siciliennes, " Verdi; Waltz, "Olymp, " Lanner ; Grand Selection, " Les Huguenots," Meyerbeer; Galop, Kuhncr; aud " God Savo the Queen." The British Company, Happy Valley, Bal laarat, washed out ou Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday this wcok 204oz. The manager thinks this will be the " top" week since tho claim started. Mounted Constable O'Koefe, who was re cently suspended from duty pending n charge of dereliction of duty, in connection with the arrest of a man named Ward at the Axedaie, has been dismissed from tlie service by the Chief Commis sioner of Police. The occasional ravages of diptheria have jus; had a melancholy exemplification, at Ballnarat. " On Thursday," says the Star, ".the children of tho IVcsleyan School in Barkly street fol lowed part of the way to the grave a hearse con- containing two of their late school mates, child ren of Mr Copelond, living in Peol street. These two made up a total loss of three in his family by the same swifdy fatal disease in one week, all three having been at school in their usual health last week. What makes the stroke the heavier in (Ids case is, that only one is now Isft of a family of six, other two having been previously carried off by' scarlet fever. The ages of the children who died from diptheria were from two to eight years." The Treasurer of the fund for the rcliefofsuf- ferers by the late floods has received ten pounds, forwarded from friends in England, through Messrs De Grucliy and Leigh, Sydney, to the Argus. The Rev R. Barlow, Incumbent of St.Mnrk's, Fltzroy, is ndvertised to preach at St. Philip's School, Collingwood Fiat, to-morrow morning, in aid of the stipend and parochial funds ; and the Rev S. L. Chnse, of St. Paul's, will preach for the samo object in the evening. At the City Court, yesterday, a tiekct-of- loave holder named John Edmondson was com mitted for trial for robbery from the dwelling of Joseph Ereant, a compositor living in Lygon street, Carlton, on tho night of the 22nd inst: William Prestngc, a boy, was charged with stealiug his indentures from his employer, n fur-dresser in Collins street. He had burnt them. As the prosecutor did not wish to press tho charge, and as the hoy promised to go back to his work, the Bench dis charged him, after giving him a severe cnutiou. Will'ma Voss, a German, for stealing two books from the Public Library, was scnt.to gaol for six months with hard labour. In the County Court, yesterday, David O'Neill, a shipbuilder, was sued by Mr Aid. Hill for damages for'an alleged assault ou Mrs Hill. It appenred that on the 22nd April last, the defiindaiit entered the Othgo hotel, kept by the plaintiff, and called for drink. On receiving the liquor, lie objected to its quality, and ad! dressed Mrs Hill in some not very complimentary terms, and finally he put his arm round lur waist and attempted to kiss her. Next day, however, lie offered an ample apology in any terms Mrs Hill chose to dictate, and undertook to pay L10 to the liosj ital ami Benevolent Asylum. The proposition was re jected and the action instituted. The judge re gretted thnt the proferrcd terms had not been accepted, and gave the plaintiff a verdict for L10 and costs. In the care of M'Farland v Tate, the plaintiff sought to recover L40 10s as com pensation for false imprisonment. It appeared that M'Farland had been repairing nn oven in a bakery at Emerald Hill, and that the defendant, the landlord qf Jlie premises, thinking that lie intended to -remove tlio article altogether, told bim to desist. Plaintiff refused, as he had the authority of the occupier to aot as he did, and lie was immediately taken into custody but dis charged at tho police court. L9 Cs 8d was paid into Court, nnd the judge awarded him L10 ad ditional with costs. An application was made at the Castlcmaine Polico Court, on Friday, by Mr Paynter, on behalf of the commons manage: s, to have Mr Place, herdsman of tho common, sworn as a special constable. Mr Paynter pointed out that Mr Place had to poiform his duties over a very wide district of country, and, in doing so, fre quently met with obstruction. Mr Paynter considered that his authority would be more re spected if lie were sxvorn as a constable. Mr Place stated (hat the commons extended over 33,000 acres, and that he had been several times threatened and assaulted when not in a position to got the assistance of a constable. A long discussion tori; place on the legal bearings of tho case, it beiug stated that it was necessary to mako application to the' Chief Secretary before appointing a special constable, while Mr Paynter contended that nil that was requisite was the consfnt of two justices of tho peace. The Bench : refused the application, considering it quite un necessary, and contrary to the spirit of the law to grant it. Tho Government, at the Intercession of Mr Casey, M.L.A., purpose granting free passes to country students visiting the University in fur therance of their studies. He observed that along tlio Williamstown lino of railwny children using the rail to proceed to school are only charged half the child's fare. .Why are not similar facilities afforded along all the Govern ment lines? On Thursday nftcrnoon, about four o'clock, Mrs Mary Ann Thomas, the wife of William Thomas, a minor living at Wesley Hill, Cnstie- raaine, went to the house of a neighbour, Mr Jenkins, in apparently good health. She was talking with her friends, nnd had just begun, nt their request, to partake of dinner," when her head suddenly sank upon her breast. Mra Jen kins took n child whom she carried from the arm? | of Mrs Thomas, and Mr Jenkins at once sent for I medical aid ; but the unfortunate woman had | expired immediately. An inquest on tho body was held by Dr Proshnw, yesterday, at tho Albion hotel, Forest Creek, when it appeared from the testimony of the surgeon who made the. post-mortem examination, that tho valves of tho heart were enlarged, which had been the cause of death. The jury fognd a verdict in nccord- nuce with this evidence. Deceased is survived by six children. It will be gratifying to the members of tho Volunteer force to know that 2C40 members of the force hnve gone through three parts of their musketry in-truction, a fact which speaks well for tho assiduity and perseverance of tie Victo rian volunteers, when it is recollected that the largest number which have heretofore completed tho course has been considerably below 1000. Oftho largo number who lmvo "gone through" this year over 600 are known to be certain marksmen. Tlio Term Court was occupied during the greater portion of yesterday in hearing applica tions for rules for review of verdicts in cases tried at the late nisi prius sittings. Motions for new trials or nonsuits were refused in Thurlow v Jordan, Cole y Wright, Dodd v Clougli, Knt- zcnsteln v Bcckwith, Crowl v Fllnn, nnd Royce v Gregory ; but similar applications were granted in Roehfjid v Mribjurue Railway Com pany, Leeko v Foy, Bennett v II awtborn, and Row v Orine. Altogether, during the present term, twelve rules have been granted and nine refused. At Inglewood the late wet weather has caused inflammation of the lungs to be very prevalent among young children. One medical gentleman alone is attending nearly 53 coses. The Talbot correspondent of tho BnUanrat Evoning Post says that a requisition will shortly he presented to Mr Birnie, bnirister-at-law, re questing him to stand for the electoral district of Crcswiok, in the room of Mr M'Donald, who will not stand again. The notorious Cato, alias " Curly Jim," who had ouly been discharged from gaol n few hours, for stealing a cariibox at Smytiiesdalc, was brought up at the Enstern Police Court, Ballaa rat, ou Friday morning, for assaulting Constnble Flynn, while in the execution of bis duty. Ho was fined L10, or two months' imprisonment. Three Chinese went into Mr Mumby's shop, Ballaarat, and offered a new Colt's revolver, No. 33,205, for salo. Toinkiug it was stolen ns they only asked L2 for it, he sent for a policeman and gave them ia clinrge. One man ran away, but tlio other two were cnpttireil. They were brought before tlio Eastern Police Court on Fri day, and remanded for tlio production of wit nesses. The revolver is supposed to be stolen from a Mr Richards in Melbourne. " Ou Friday forenoon about eleven o'clock," says the Bendigo Evening News, " nB Cobb's coach was coming ia from Raywood, and while descending the hill at Ironbarh, the horses took fright at seme object, and the driver having lost all command of them, they dashed madly down the bill. The driver was thrown from his seat, but not much injured. Two passengers jumped from the coach, one of them, n man with n wooden leg, had his collar banc broken; the other was dreadfully injured, I ut we have not yet learned the particulars; both were at once conveyed to the hospital. The liprscs continued their career until they reached the Five Lions Hotel, when the coach turned completely over) and was damaged considerably. A policeman named O'Neil, who was bringing a female pri soner in from Raywood, was seriously injured; he was found lying under one of the wheels, nnd was rescued from his position by Mr Purves, of the Five Lions Hotel. It is feared that his injuries are of a dangerous character. lie was removed to the barracks. The horses still continued their flight, dragging the pole of the coach nnd the two fore-wheels after thom, until they renched the Survey Office, when they ran into a cart loaded with wood, which they upset. They were shortly after wards secured. We have beeu informed thnt the driver was i ot in a fit state to manage the horses. The driver is in custody." It is stated that the greater portion of the farms in the districts of Bellerine, Portariington, and Queenselift'are literally swarming with what is called a blight. The insects nre of large size. They resemble the common wood-louse, aud are to be found in millions in tlio land. No vegeta tion seems to bo able to live where they are, aud the ground when turned up is literally white with their numbers. This, added to the scarcity and dearness of seed wheat, and the impoverished state of the farmers, makes their prospects for the coming harvest gloomy and cheerless in the extreme. The Gcelong Advertiser has heard that a grocer in that town intends to sell liquors from the hulk und-r tho "grocer's license" of the new Act. " The wording of tlio Act," says tlio Advertiser, " seems certainly to have been in tended to limit tha operations of "the grocers' license to bottled liquor, but tliero is nothing in the literal wording of the clause to prevent the licensee drawing a pint or a quart of spirits, wine, or ale, placing it in a bottle (whether corked or not), nnd selling it to a customer, so long as it is not drunk ou his premises, and so long as lie has obtained a wine and spirit morclinnt's license in addition to his grocer's license." A correspondent of the Inglewood Advertiser, who uses the nomme de plume of " In the Dark," says lie has heard repeated complaints made by persons who are desirous of taking shares in the proposed Sandhurst nnd Inglewood Tramway that no proper information is afforded to tho public as to the timo or place for sending iu applications for shares. It is a matter that greatly concerns the people of Inglewood, and unless our Town Councillors intend to monopolise all the shares themselves, they should — as pro moters of tho) undertaking — take means to hnve the arrangements made public. ! Last night " Tho Lady of Lyons " brought n crowded audience to tho Theatro Royal." Mr Sullivan's Claudo Melnotte is familiar to tho public, aud excepting ids interpretation of cer tain situations in the first act respecting which we diflfer with him, tho impersonation is of a very high order of merit. Mrs Heir's is above the average representation of Pauline, and in some scenes, such ns the parting in the third act, licr talents are well employed. To night a drama by Mr Watts Phillips, entitled " Paul's Return," which has experienced a highly favourable reception in Loudon, is to bB pro duced. The career of " Le Proplicte" at the Hay- market closed last night, that is to say if the public announcements are to be believed. We hope, however, that the manngcment.will revlvo this fine opera at no distant date with old prices. The opera fur to night is " Les Huguenots, " Mr Farquharson resuming his old part of Marcel. ,The s. Keeua left Port Albert at one p.m. on the 23rd inst. Passed the Royal Shephard at twenty minutes past ono p.m. the same day, and arrived at the Queen's Wharf at two p m. on the 24th inst. Experienced strong N.W. gales during the passage. .. 