TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1864. While we write war may be raging in Europe. It may bo fairly asserted that on no occasion during the progresa of the American struggle have complications more provocative of a rnilitary solution ever arisen ; and discount the language of the telegram as we may, tho residuum of the intelligence is yet threatening enough to excite very alarming suspicions. All that the peace party could do has been done ; all the machinery of diplo- macy lins been put into operation. All the subtle intervention of notes, protocols, and argument has been tried, and still the balance of opinion is in favour of the coarser appeal to the ultima ratio regwm. Weighing the conduct of the two parties to the controversy there can be very little question that the demeanour of Denmark has been conciliatory, and that of Germany obstinately aggressive. CHRISTIAN IX. has betrayed every inclination to meet the demands of his antagonists half way. By birth a German prince, the enjoyment of the rights of his German subjects has not only been guaranteed, but insisted upon by him, in opposition to the instincts of the Danish Crown. The new Constitution of Denmark pro- mulgated in November, seemed to tend to an incorporation of Schleswig with the Danish Empire. The retractation of this Constitution was demanded by Germany, and we now learn that every disposi- tion to concession was evinced, but that Germany had supplemented her demand with additional requirements. England urged upon Denmark the appeal to a conference which should arbitrate finally on the difficulty. Denmark consented, but Germany re- fused to co-operate. All the demon- strations on the side, of peace have been met by something just short of actual hostility. The Federal troops have occupied Holstein, and the commis- sioners of the Diet have assumed the domestic administration of the Duchy. Austria and Prussia, intent upon a game of their own, and equally indifferent to the claims of Denmark or the indigna- tion of the Dukes and Princes of the Confederation, have together occupied Altona. Thus everything ia prepared, if necessary,for a triangular duel,in which 1 the great German Powers will be pitted against the rninor states, and Denmark will have to bear the assault of both. The theatre is all arranged, the actors have taken up their position, and everything is prepared for the grand coup. The question ap- pears to be, upon what does the drama really hinge-what ia the plot, and what are the motives of its authors] The cry of nationality, of'Germany for the Germans, with dissension existing in the German camp, can, after all, be only a pretext. A German'writer maintains that it is not the sentiment.of nation- ality, but national interest, which is urging the German people to the north, If the present movement owed its origin to the idea of nationality, the Germât people would long since have turned its eyes to the Bhine to recover its pro- vinces in that quarter, and would have manifested that feeding towards theil powerful neighbour across that rivei with as much energy as they an now doing towards their weakei adversary beyond the Eider. " Bul " their instincts guide them towards " the North, and tend all to the sea " Thalatta ! Thalatta ! that indispens " able element of tho life of civilized " states, without which every natioi "mustwither. Such is the Schleswig " Holstein question for Germany !" I is not the rights of succession of this 01 that prince, the claims of the duca houseB of Schleswig- Holstein-Sonder burg-Glucksburg, or Schleswig-Holstein Sonderburg- Augustenburg, or Schleswig Holstein-Gollorp, but it is for a mari time empire on the Baltic that the courti of Vienna and Berlin will draw thi sword. As regards the German nation ality element at is8ue in the contest, i Bhould scarcely seem that the German: can ground on it any argument for ia terference with the destiny of Schleswig Holstein. Schleswig is not to German; what Venetia is to Italy, or Peath ti Hungary, or Warsaw to Poland. Schles wig is no more wholly _ and exclusive!; German than Ireland is wholly and exclu sively Irish. ~ Of the 400,000 people ii Schleswig, 200,000, at the most, onl; are of German extraction, and the ma jority of these latter go with the Hoi steinera in their political views on th present crisis. They have sympathize! with the Danish people, and shown n desire to sever the Danish connexior A division of the Duchy according t nationality, says a correspondent o the london journals, owing to the mis ture of the two races, is almost a impossibility. The Eider and th Schlei, which separate Schleswig fror Holstein, in conjunction with the cor templated system of works of inunds lion and fortification known as th Dannewirke, form the only natural terr; torial line of division ; |and the difficult lies in the fact that to the north of thi une, a couple of hundred thousau Germans happen to Uve. But the special interest which thi web of geographical, etimológica and political complications has for u is the posture and position of Englani If it is the) great disadvantage undi which England labours ia the possossio of colonies to be obliged to pay for the defence, it is, on the other hand, the gre; disadvantage which the colonies inci by the connection, to bo obliged to accoj the conclusion and to share in the pena ties of the foreign policy of tho motin country. Without any voico in tho matter, without giving any provocation, without being given any notico, as a dependency we aro involved in the issues of any controversy that Downing street may have excited in any cor- ner of the globe. By the accident of war, we may awake any morning to find ourselves a prey to an invader that we had not provoked, and affi- liated by force to a foreign parent that we had not adopted. Through the incompetency or precipitancy of a single Minister, we may be Gallicized, or Ame- ricanized, or Sclavonized, any moment of our lives. With this prospect al- ways staring us in the face, it is with somo degree of trepidation that we are told that HER MAJESTY'S Secretary, of State for Foreign Aflairs has addressed a note to the Federal Diet of Germany, warning it that England is pledged to give assistance to Denmark, and, by way of comment on this intelligence, that the Channel Fleet has been ordered to a convenient northern port for service in the Baltic. No doubt if the struggle could be restricted to tho original plaintiffs and defendant in the action, there would be no apprehension of a distant dependency like ourselves being drawn into tho vortex. The forty millions of German people that would in that case represent our enemies, would be harmless, as far as we are con- cerned ; indeed, we are not sure that, if the Victoria were put in trim, we should not have the right to boast of our naval superiority over them. But have we any guarantee that the sphere of conflict will be so circumscribed 1 On the contrary, Earl RUSSELL, in his despatch to the Federal Diet, distinctly anticipates the spreading of the conflagration to the furthest verge of Euiope. The inter- dependence of the component parts of the European system almost ne- cessitates a joint action The great body which the principle of the balauce of power animates, is so knit and con- centrated that if one of its members suffers all must show indications more or less active of sympathy. The evidences of convulsion would spread from the centres to the most distant limbs. France, at present in a pose of masterly inactivity, would bo quickened by the violence of the conflict on her Rhenish extremity. Italy would be summoned to action by invitations from Venetia. Hungary would scarcely remain inert. The Russian eagle would extend her talons from Poland to Constantinople ; and the war which was ostensibly under- taken to decide whether a small Duchy in the north-west of Europe, comprising unequal proportions of Ger- mans, Danes, and Frisians, should be ruled from Copenhagen or Frankfort, would really be fought out to decide on the fate of projects of national aggran- dizement, and schemes of Royal ambi- tion commensurate with the civilized world. Like most wars, the provoca- tion to it is trifling, but there never was a crisis in modern history in whicb the development of modern progress promises tobe more influenced by a rude collision of its elements. There nevei was a juncture more favourable to the advance of that mysterious principle of unrest and disorganization which broods over things-the genius of devastation and repair-of destruction and restora- tion, which men call the Revolution. Undaunted by the small recoguition he has received from the colonists, and by the strange indifference displayed by tho Victorian Governments in the matter of immigration, the indefatigable Mr. J. G. KNIGHT is persevering in his effoits to turn the Lancashire distress to the profit of Victoria, As honorary secretary of the Victoria Emigrants' Assistance Society in London, he is already doing as much for us as half a- | dozen oflicial agents, and infinitely more than HER MAJESTY'S Emigration Com- I missioners of Park-street, Westminster. Dining the past nine months, as we leam from' its circular, the society has re- ceived subscriptions to the amount of ¿£9,025 5s. lOd. from private sources, exclusivo of tho sum of .£5,000 con- tributed by the Victorian Government. Within this period, 720 persons have been assisted to emigrate from Lan- cashire, as well as from other parts of the United Kingdom, at a cost of ¿£4,500, leaving sufficient funds in tho hands of the treasurer to provide for the emigration of some 800 moro persons. The original object of tho society, it will be remembered, was to relievo the distress among the operatives of Lancashire and Cheshire, by assisting such of them as were found to be best fitted for a colonial life with passages to Victoria; and it was mainly for this pur- pose that the grant of £5,000 was con- tributed by the Victorian Govern- ment. The demand for Lancashire operatives, however, having been to a certain extent satisfied, the Vic- toria Emigrants' Assistance Society has wisely extended its sphere of opevations. Leaving the single women between tho ages of eighteen and thirty-five under the direct patronage of the Victorian Government, according to the regulations which came into force on the 1st of January of this year, Mr, KNIGHT has turned his attention to the married couples, families, and single men. To these assisted passages aro to be given to the colony, on the following terms :-For 140 families (with not moro than two children each) from Lancashire and Cheshire, the society is to pay one- half of the pr-ssago-monoy, reckoned at ¿£13 14s. Cd. for each adult. From the same quarter 150 singlo men will bo sent out, towards the expenses of whom the society agrees to pay ¿65 a head. From other parts of the United Kingdom fifty families will be assisted with passages, on the same terms as those from Lancashire and Cheshire, As this expenditure will absorb the entire balance of the fund in the hands of the hociety», a further appeal is earnestly made to those charitable per- sons in England who look upon emigra- tion as the best, cheapest, and most permanent mode of relieving the severe dktress now felt in the overcrowded fields of labour at homo. Mr. KNIGHT writes to us most hope- fully of the probable success of his more extensive scheme of emigration. " The " plan of spending the balance of our " funds," he says, " in granting assisted " passages has only just been published, " but has already attracted the attcn " tion of a largo number of porsons " anxious to emigrate. Both to-day and " yesterday our office in Bucklersbury " has received a startling inilux of " visitors, and our only difficulty will " be in selecting the right few out of so " many applicants." The principle of selection, as announced, will commend itself to our common sense. The emi- grants are not to be chosen from the operative class exclusively, although the majority of them aro among the sufferers by the Lancashire distress, but will be distributed as equally as possibly among the various useful trades, special regard being had to the moral character of each applicant. The remarkable success which has at- tended Mr. KNIGHT'S patriotic efforts to make this colony known at home as a field of emigration, is a proof of how much may be done in this direction by one energetic man, working with a real good will and hearty purpose. Tho only pity is that Mr. KNIGHT'S emigrants, through want of funds at home, are numbered by hundreds, instead of thousands. The principle of assistance which the Victoria Emigration Society has adopted is undoubtedly the soundest basis on which emigration on any large scale can be conducted. The experience already attained proves most clearly that nothing is wanted to revive the stream of population to these shores but a little knowledge skil- fully and energetically diffused in England among the class which chiefly furnishes our immigrants. That which is dono by the Victoria Emi- grants' Assistance Society might be be dono on a far larger scale, if we were all as hearty and as persevering in the cause as Mr. J. G. KNIGHT. Nor is there any reason why our efforts in this direction should depend on the exis tence of the cotton distress in Lanca- shire. The operatives of Lancashire, as a class, are neither the most desirous to emigrate, nor the most desirable of emigrants. The rule which has been applied with so much success to them might safely bo ex- tended so as to comprehend the whole population of the United Kingdom within the field of the labours of the Victoria EmigrationSociety. The Government here, if it can do nothing else, might at least strengthen the hands of this most excellent and useful association, and add to its means of doing good to this colony. Great credit is due to the patriotic gentlemen at home who have been supporting the cause of Victoria in the intercolonial competition for tho Lancashire dis- tressed operatives ; but it would be a pity were an organization so effective to perish through lack of funds. In the Legislative Assembly, this evening, Mr. Macgregor and Mr. Edwards will ask questions as to Johnston-street-bridge, lately reported lo be unsafe; Mr. A. J. Smith will put a question as to the intentions of tbe Government with regard to now schools neglected by the Board of E lucation ¡ Mr. O'Connor will desire to ascertain the inten- tions of the Governor (if any) as to the amendment of tho Constitution Act, so as to bring the working of the two branches of the Legislature more into harmony with each other; Mr. A. J, Smith wiJl "want to know" why the train which lately con- veyed His Excellency to Castlemaine did not stop at Chewton Station; and Mr. Edwards will (at last) call the attention of the Government to the manner in which coroners' juric3aro6ummonedintlieYairaBend. The "orders of the day" are the following: Supply, tobe further considered in committee; Heal Property Act Amendment Bill, third reading; Publicans Acts Consolidation and Amendment Bill, to bo further considered in committeo; "Ways and Means, to be further considered in committee; Land Act, 1862, Amendment Bill, consideration of report ; and Paid Naval and Military Forces Bill, consideration of report. According to our tslograms from Brisbane and Sydney, the notorious bushranger, Gardiner, is at last in tho hands of the law, of whoso agents ho has so long bien the terror. Tho story of his capturo has boen so often told and as often proved false, that many will hesitate to credit this last an- nouncement. It seems to como, however, with bitter authority than any of its pre- decessors. The November Australian mails were con- veyed to London in tho short space of forty four days from Sjducy. The Australian Gazelle thus noticsB the facts :-" At Point de Galle the mails wero transferred to the Candia, which anived at Suez on the 31st December, five days early. Fortunately, the Marseilles portion of the mails wai brought on by the French Imperial mail steamer Meerie, which leit Alexandria on the 1st January, without waiting for the arrival of the Euxlne, which was not due there until the 4th. They arrived, therefore most unex- pectedly at Marseilles on the 7th January, and were delivered in London early on Satur- day morning, having bson only forty-four days on the passage. Wo believe that arrange- ments might easily bo made by which this may bo always effected.» The service is al- ready conducted in the most satisfactory manner, but the mails aro constantly arriving at Suez before the véasela from this side which aro to bring them on can possibly arrive at Alexandria." A meeting of tho past and present sub- scribers to the Art Union of "Victoria, nnd of other persons interested in the progress of art, waB convened to be hold yesterday after- noon, at Mr. Summers'» Art Gallery, Collins street east. The attendance, however, was limited to the members of the council of the society. Mr. F. Wilkinson, one of tho vice presidents, occupied the chair. The ques- tion for discussion wai whether the small support which the society has hlthorto obtained was sufficient to justify its continuance any longer, or whether it would not be advisable to dissolve it at onco. The chairman stated that the amount of sub- scriptions received for 1863 was not more than thirty guineas, the actual numbor of subscribers being only twenty-six; and the treasurer (Professor Wilson) reportod that the total funds in hand were £61 59. Id., of which £30 was due for some of the piizes for 1862. A few trifling accounts were also owing, and the balance would be nearly sufficient to repay the sub- scriptions for 1SC3. A genoral conversa- tion ensued, mcch regret being expressed at the appartint indifference which the colony manifested for the fine arts. Tho chairman remarked that it was not to be expected thai the numbers of the council could solicit sub- scriptions beyond the circle of their personal friends, and that it mainly rested with th« pnblio to Bhow by their voluntary aotlor whether they had any desire to promote thi interests of art, through tho medium of the society. If properly supported, tha Bocioty would form an admirable moans, both of encouraging a taste for the fine arts, and of promoting the interests of art in this colony ; but, in the absence of any Bign of appreciation by tho public, it was doubtful whethor tho society should bo con- tinued, Mr. A. Fisher said that not a singlo subscription had been obtained during the last nine month?, although, tho Boclety had agents in various parte of the colony. He be- lieved that the psople of Victoria wero dead to the line aits. Ho therefore moved that tho society be dissolved, and that tho sub- scriptions in hand bs returned. The ohairman thought it was, perhaps, rather too much to say that tho people of Victoria wero dead to the fino arte. Ho a-ked Mr. Summers how the present annual exhibition of works of art had been patronized. Mr. Summers roplied that there had been a larger attendance of visitors than at any previous exhibition. M. Chevalier nlüo expressed his ontlro satisfaction with the amount of support which, he received a3 a colonial artist. Ho Btrougly urged that efforts should bo made to continue tho Art UUÍOD, regarding such societies as of the greatest utility in supporting art and spreading a taste for it. He suggeated that tho society might be held in abeyance for twelve months, in order to see if the publio were disposed to encourage It. Ile also recommended th&t; each artist should under- take to collect a ceitaln amount of sub- scriptions, and guaranteed to raiso at least fifteen guineas himself. Mr. Fitzgibbon ex- pressed an opinion that the indifference to the society probably arose, in a great moasure, from ignorance of its purport and objects. He recommended, with a view to attract pub- lic attention to it, that certain pictures in the Art Exhibition, by Chevalier and Von Guerard, which had bsen painted as prizes for the subscribers to the Art Union in 1862, should have a special label affixed to thom, intimating this fact. Mr. Summers promised to carry out this suggestion. Ultimately it was unanimously resolved, on tho motion of Mr. Fitzgibbon, to postpone the further con- sideration of the question of dissolving the society until Monday next, at the same place, at four o'clock p.m., and to invite tho public to attend the adjourned meeting. The case of Jane Fitzsimons v. John Gillow, an action brought against a solicitor for de- taining deeds intrusted to his charge, was concluded at the Fitzroy Police Court yester- day. Mr. Gillow explained that the whole difficulty was occasioned by the negligence of a clerk, and the summons was dismissed on payment by him of 10s. costs. The only other cases of interest were those of Mary Fleming v. Margaret Compton, and Mary Fleming v. Ellen Woodville, both summonses for cortain amounts alleged to be due for board and lodging, The ûret dofendant pleaded cover- ture, she being a married woman, and tho caso against her was dismissed ; tho other shared a similar fato, on the defendant swearing in the witness-box that the com- plainant's house was kept for immoral purposes, to which sho had been a con- senting party. Tho presiding magistrates were Mr. S. Donovan (chairman), the Hon. George Harker, and Messrs. J. R. Brennand, W. Thomas, J. Prince, and G. B. Halles. Dr. Youl, the city coroner, held au inquest yesterday, at Franklin-street, upon tho body of Sarah Mathison, aged thirty-nine years, wife of G. T. Mathison, a commission agent, of Queen-street. From the lengthy evidence adduced, it appeared that the deceased and her husband wero both much addicted to drink-the deceased excessively so. This was the source of occasional quarrels, when very violent language, and sometimes very violent conduct, were remarked by the neighbours. The huBband in his evidence stated that on Tuesday last the decoased first complained of pain in the chest, with difficulty of breathiug. About ten days ago ho aud deceased had a fight, and he pushed her down. He did not think that ho struck her in the chest. He bolleved she fell on her back. When drunk she often fell down. Both of them wore drunk on Sunday week ; they then had several quarrels, and ho pushed down his wife, when she received the injuries noticeable on her head. He had not struck her since that. Deceased got up the next (Monday) morning, but re- turned to "bed, where she remained all the week, continually drinking, up to Friday last. ?Witness himself was drunk at home on laBt Monday and Tuesday ; he was not at homo on Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday. On Friday, Dr. Haddon was sent for, and by the time he carno deceased had become in Eensible. The doctor attended her up to her death on Sunday. She never becamo sen Bible after Friday. She insisted on having drink as loDg as sho continued sensible. The drink she took was brandy and beor. John Leadbeater, living in the next houso to deceased, had never seen her, but under- stood that she drank. Had heard frequent quarrels between her and her husband, and sometimes heard the eetoams of deceased. Mra. Deniehy, also living next to the de- ceased, said she was acquainted with the voices of deceased and her husband, and heard them quarrelling all day on Sunday week, and till three o'clock the next morning. Deceased screamed several times, and witness could hear a noise, like the throwing about of furniture. Deceased's hH&band; was quiet when sober, but violent when 'drunk. Had never seen him stilko the deceased. A char- woman, named Sutherland, who attended on deceased during two or three days of hor ill ntes, said, when she went to the houso on last Tuesday morning deceased was lying diunkinbed, and occasionally complaining of violent pains in hor head. She kept taking brandy all day long, ono of the children being sent for it many times a day. It was given to her often in Email quantities. She would take nothing to eat, but said the brandy was the only thing which did her any good. She complained of pains about the body, but principally of her head. She refused to seo a doctor, Baying ho would scold her for dunk- in R. No complaint was made by her of her hutband having beaten her. During the time witneBB was thero deceased was very kindly treated by her huBband. Mrs. Pear don, living in Cardigan- street, said, she on Friday last waa sent for to see tho deceased, who was a tenant of her husband's. She went at once, and found deceased lying in bed, with two black eyes. Sho was insensible. Dr. Gillespie Btated he had made a post-mortem examination of tho body. There were marks of external violence. The eyeB wero still discoloured ; bruises were to bo Been about the forehoad, and an ecchymosia was found behind the left ear on removing tho scalp. The skull was not fractured. The chest hone had been, fractured by external violence. Death waa caused by inflammation of the brain. He thought the posterior injury to the hoad was from a fall, the others appeared to be from blows. He considered that the originating causes of death were the injuries to the head, combined with the effeots of drink. Verdict, "Death from inflammation of the brain, caused by falling and constant intoxica- tion." Tbo captaincy of the Bendigo Blues has been crnftrred on Mr. J. H. Taylor. At the Essendon Police Court, yesterday, theie wero only two small debt cises and a charge of failing to obey an order of Court The former were sottled out of court, and the -defendant (Patrick Kelly) in the latter, wai ordered to pay the sum of £4 11s. Gd., at the rate of 2a. 6d. per week, A lecture, under the auBpices of the Colling- wood Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, waB delivered last evening by Mr. Robert Oliver M'Coy, M.A., in the Oxford .street Congregational Church School-room. Owing, possibly, to tho thunderstorm early in the evening, the attendance was more limited than it should have been, considering the llleraiy ability which the lecturer brought to bear on his subject, which was entitled, " Dominoes and Masks ; or, Keeping Up Apiearanees." The whole scope and tenor of the dissertation clearly evinced that the leoturer, although showing here and there in his remarks undoubted claims to originality and vigour, had drawn copious inspirations from Thackeray. Tho lecture, naturally enough, commmced with the etymology of tho word "domino," so called because worn by priests or "dominios," as a capo to cover the head and face from the weather, or, as slyly insinuated by the lecturer, to cover other things with which temperature had less to do, and now known as a mantle with cap and sleeves, peculiar to masquerades. In either case, tho etymology of the word implied concealment. The lecturer then proceeded to enlarge on the keeping up of appearances, from social -domestic, international, and moral points of view, and in each pha=e his illustrations ond comments were truthful and felicitous, and compelled tho attention and applause of iho audience. Mr. M Coy concluded his lecture by recommending each ono to put tho matter personally, and eschew double mindedness and inbtahility of principle and purpoEO, and not to be plucking out a brother's moto while sparing one's own boam j and, moieover, not to put forward an abun- dance of promise and vow, to bo followed by scanty performance; and not to bo clever apologists for sin, or doakere of it under false pretences. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. M'Coy at the close of the lecture, and a similar award was made to Mr. T. Wilkinson, who occupied the chair. A new principle of making iron girders for bridges and other largo structures, has just been invented by Mr George Bates, of Crown street, Yarraberg, Richmond. It consists of uniting a number of hollow cait-irou blocks together, by means of wrought-iron rodi. A girder of this description is stated to be «apablo of bearing nu immensely-heavier weight than any kind of girder hitherto in use. A specimen is now on view at Mr. BateB'e premises. It is 7ft. 2ln. long, com- posed of nine blocks of equal slz», hold together by six or Beven tension rods. An ordinary cait-iron girder of the same dimensions, in one solid piece, would, wo are informed, break under a pressure of a ton and a half, but this has had a weight of upwards of seventeen tons upon it for some days without causing any per- ceptible deflection, and Mr. Bates says that it would not break under a pressure of less than forty-five tons. In the expsriments made for ascertaining which was tho best description of girder to employ in the building of the Britannia-bridgo, over the Menai Straits, the cylindrical girder, which appeared to hi ono of the strongest, broke at a pressure of 266 times its own weight. Tho weight of Mr. Bates's girder being only 1451b. it follows, if le be correct in sta'ing that it will not broak Tinder less than fortj-five tons weight, that nis is very much strongor in proportion to its weight. Mr. Bates expects to be able to sell his girders at £20 per ton, which is about X10 less than the colonial price foi Fairbairn's tubular girder. Thi3, however, very inade- quately represents tho advantage of the former, for we ure informed that Fairbairn's girder would require to be nearly seven times as heavy before it would be as strong as Mr. Bates's. Taking into consideration strongth und price, Mr. Bates expects to be able to ?supply girdeis ut not more than one-tenth of the cost of those at pres-nt imported. He is about to patent his invention, which, if expe denco prove the accuiacy of his calculations, nill doubtless be of great value both to the inventor and to the colony. The Ovina Constitution is rejponsible for the following:-" An opiuion is Raining grouud '1ère that Sir Francis Murphy does not intend to offer himself at tho next general election -as a candidute for the representation of the .Hurray Boroughs." Arrangements have been made with the Melbourne and Hi.bsou's Bay Bailway Com- pany for conveying tho Sunday scholars of Melbourne, St. Kilda, Prahran, Richmond, &c;, to day to the missionary ship Day Spring, nowljing along ide the oompmy's pier, at .Sandridge. After spending some time on board tho ship, the juveniles will be assembled ir> the large ntw woolshed belonging to the company, adjacent to the ttation, where they -will bo addressed by the missionaries of the New Hebrld03, and also by some of the city and suburban miuistcrs. Special trains will .borun to accommodate the many children who are expected to uttend. The Metropolitan Corps of Volunteer Artillery camp at Sandridge during the prê- tent wetk for eection firing. Every momber must fire the three poiicds to qualify as an -effectivo. The first section commenced firing at half-paBt five yesterday morning. Our readers have often heard of Peilitz «end Co.'s hitherto successful attempt to es- tablish a tobacco manufactory in Mel- bourne. Baulked at first by a combination -among the cigurmakers, he adopted tho plan of taking apprentices, and he has now 130 of them, with whom, and about twenty mon, he works his manufactory. On Saturday last, they were all treated to a pic-nic on Brighton ¡beach by the firm, The boys and men marched through the town, bearing as trophies a colo3-al cigar eight feet long beneath which was hung some splendid samples of colonial g een tobacco, and what was more interesting, an elegnnl "bannercomposed notof silk, but cured tobacco leaf of all description*, cunningly gummed together, and bordered with knoh auc fringes fantastically, yet tastefully arranged all made out of cigars bung on end. Arrivée at Brighton, the party first presented Mr .JuliüB Fohtz with two testimonials, ona from the men, beaded by Mr. M. Harvie, th< manager, accompanied by a handsome siive; cigar case, and the other from tho boys expressing their thanks to their moste: for his many kindnesses. It was gorge ously illuminated on vellum by Mr. Hamel and waB accompanied by an elegant flowe 'Vase. Except the ehell, all was electra plate. Mr. Politz replied appropriately faying that time would soon tell abou the success of his adventure; and thei 'Came dinner and games on the grass dancing, running, and all Borts of out-Joo amusements. A largo number of visitor .joined the party, and were pleasantly enter tained. A word or two ab^ut Polit .and Co.'s manufactory may not ha in appropriately introduced, for since our lae visit to the ebtablUhmint it hes more thai doubled itself. But-iness is now carried on ii a huge bluestono building, known as O'Mui lane's bonded stores. Besides the long apart menta taken up for stores, counting housi drying-ronm for the cigars, damping, cuttinj and packing rooms, is that used for the ciga manufactory. Hire all the boys and me are at work, and the sight would warmth heart of any true Viotorian. These boya ai respectable in appearance, and the admirable management exhibited can hardly fall not only to turn them out accomplished workmon but good citizens. Huies aro hung up in oaally legible size, wherein tho boys aro required, under penalty of uno, to be clean in their persons, neat in their habits, and above all, Ecrupulous in their language. Tho fine for the last offence amounts to as much as their whole week's'wages. No premium is taken with them, and they are apprenticed for Blx years, receiving 10s. per week the first year, to which 2s. 6 J. is added every year sub- sequently. Mesara. Politz and Co.'a cigar trade is no trifle ; ED.COO cigars are made, and half a ton of tobacco is used, every week, im- ported American. Havannah, and Cuban leaf being used as occasion req uires. The boxes are made of colonial cedar, the libels are printed here, and colonial industry is everywhere employed. Colonial tobacco is not yet used becauso it is held to bo too now-a pregnant fact for the managors of our agricultural shows. Fifty tons of it gfown at Mr. Polity's farm at Dandenong and at Bendigo and Gipps Land, are lying neaeoning in the Btoro, but will not be touched till tho close of the present year. The "Grand AquatioTournament," which wei announced to take place on Saturday afternoon, at Kenny's Bathing Ship, St. Kilda, and for which an average programme of evonts was isiued, was attended with very qualified success. Whatever causes may have operated to influence the patronage of the public- whether cricket, rifle, or rowing matches elsewhere; want of sufficient pub- licity being given to the entertainment ; tho arrival of the English mail ; or, mayhap, the palpably too high tariff fixed for admission certain it is, the attendance was far from encouraging, and not at all to bo compared with the crowds of spectators at former swimming matches, After the lapse of some time, tbo first event on tho list, a swimming match, "forty yards' distance, heats, for boya under nine years of age, and for which, as a prize, a large cake was offered, brought two juvenilo competitors, J. King and A. Beasley, to the platform. FirBt and at-cond heats wore won by King, the first easily ; tho second was much more cltacly contested. Somedivinsfor money then took place, but the submerged coins were not recovered, and the diving was given up for the walking on tho greasy pole. The main port'on of the afternoon's amucc ment was contributed by the spirited and persevering, but utterly hopeless and ineffec- tual attempts of the competitois to keep their footing on the Blippeiy projection. The involuntary grotesque contortions made by each adventurous individual to maintain his equilibrium, followed by the inevitable plunge into the water, afforded much mirth to the spoctiUois, and served considerably to relieve the tedium of the afternoon. A friendly contest took place bttween Stevens, of swimming celebrity, and W. Liveisidge, a young and piomising swimmer. Bulb men swam across the bath and back a°aiu, but Stevens ebowed unmistakably that the trial of skill was mere pastime to him. Some very dexterous feats in the water were alco performed by Stevens, who plunged in with his clothes on, and leisurely undressed himself under the water. It is intended that the whole of the programme shall be gone through on Saturday next, and it is to be hoped that the arrangements made for that day by Captain Ktnuy aud the com- mittee will he such as to conduce to tho satisfaction of the public and themcelvcs. The principal event in cricket on Saturday was the match between the East Melbourne and Balarat elevtna, on tho Melbourne ground, the uce of wh'ch was given for the occasion. Tho day proved fine, and there were a gc id many spectators present. It was arranged that the match should be decided by the result of the firht innings, and when play finished, it was found that the strangers were the victors by a considerable majority. Tho play on both side: during the day waa very good. The first iuninss of the East Melbourne eleven closed for ninety-two, tho highest scorers being Phillips and Yewers, with eighteen and seventeen respectively. The Bal- larat players, amongst whom were Wills and Redfern, obtain: 1 130 before their last wicket fell, Bixty-four of that number having been contributed by two men, namely Phillip! and Oldham. The score of (ho former was thirty eight, and of tho latter twenty-aix. Amongst the other events the return match between the Weat End and tho United Coachmakers was played. It resulted in an easy victory for the former by Beventy-seven runs : the ccore for the West End was ninety-seven. A match was played in the University paddock, be- tween the first elevens of the Carlton and Albion Clubs, which resulted in a victory for the Albion by thirty runs. Tho match between the second eleven of the Albion and eighteen of the Carlton Club termi- nated in a victory for the Albion by six runs. A cricket match wes played between the Caxton and Alma Clubs on Saturday last, in tho Bichmond Paddock, the former club being victorious, scoring seventy-two, agninst sixty- four hy their opponents. Yesterday, the return match between the Royal and Haymarket theatrical companies took place on tho Richmond ground. The Ecorea were Haymarket-first innings, fifty-five; second innings, fifty ; Royal-first innings, forty ; second innings, 101. Thus the litter won by thirty-Bix runs. The Wagga Wagga Champion Race takes place to-morrow (Wednesday). The distance to be run is three miles, and the value of the stakes is £1,320, less five per cent. For four horses only the final payments have been made-Mr. Keighran's Mormon (9st. 101l.) ; Mr. Kirwin's Ada (9st. 3lb.) ; Mr.' M'Gregor'a Union Jack [fat. 91b.) ; aud Mr. Baillie'a Needle (8Bt. 91b.) Information has been given to the police that a man named W. Mitchell, who left town some time ago for Wood's Point, has been missed since the 7th iust., anl although active inquiry has been made, he cannot be traced since that time. It aeems that ho left town with Mr. Willa, of the Castle Inn, Fitz- roy, and that they proceeded in company as far as the Big River, where they stopped at an accommodation tent. On the morning of the 7th, Mitchell went off to look for his horse, and has never been seen since. After making every inquiiy, and spending some time in searching for hie companion, Mr. WillB gave information to the police of kiB disappearance. The orders of Oddfellows and Foresters, who are precluded by Act of Parliament from contributing directly to public charities, in- tend to aid the Melbourne Hospital through the means of a cricket match, to take place on Easter Monday, on tho Collingwood Com- mercial Club ground. An admission fee of Is. will bo charged ; and for thoso who prefer other amubemeuts, quoits and materials for kindred sports will be provided. The City Council held its usual weekly meeting yesterday afternoon, but a9 no urgent business appeared on the Lotice-paper, the attendance of councillors was not particularly numerous. On the motion of Councllloi Wrasgo, the Legislativo Committee wa( ordered to prepare au address congratulating the Prince and Princess of Wales upon the birth of the infant Duke* of Cornwall ; and the same committee were also requested te prépaie a bill for tho consolidation of thelawi relating to the corporation. This constituted almost the whole of the business of publli intoreBt transacted, and it concluded as soon as it was agreed, on the motion of Alderman Eadee, to direct tho attention of the trustees of the Royal-park to the fact that a portion of the land of which thoy wore conservators for zoological purposes, was being converted into a site of a powder magazine ; and also to request the Government to permanently reserve and vest the whole of the Botanical gardens reserves of the city in trustees, of whom tho mayor of Melbourne for the time being should bo one. The council then ad- journed for a week. A correspondent, writing from Narang, Lower Murray, on the 10th. March, says: "The Swan-hill Bench have issued a warrant to-day, for the apprehension of a man in charge of a mob of cattle belonging to Mr. George Urquhart, of Kulkyne, for committing an assault on Mr. James Hamilton, of Narung Station. Urquhart's party, it appears, from the information laid by Mr. Hamilton, had been poaching on his run, and he seized the whole herd, amounting to 400 head, for the purpose of driving them to pound, and was proceeding thither when he was overtakon by Mr. Urquhart's man-who refused to give his name- assaulted, and overpowered, and the cattle rescued. This is a charge of a very serious nature, and great indignation is felt by the Lower Murray squatters on the matter. The offender is now in custody, and it is believed he will be summarly dealt with to- morrow." The number of visitors to tho national museums of natural nhtory, geology, and economio geology applied to mining, agri- culture, and the arts, during the weok onding 12th March, was 709. The museums are open to the public daily (Sundays exceptad),' from ten a.m. till six p.m., in the north side of the University. The University requiring the extreme west room of those occupied by tho national collections, It has been mccBsary to remove tho Europjau and American specimens, and u number of mining models, into tho unfinished portion of the national museum building, at the back of the University. Tho Head-quarters Band will play this afternoon, at the St. Kilda-park, the follow- ing pieces of music :-1. Overture, " The Merry Wives of Windsor," Nicolai; 2. Quad- rille, "Freikugeln," Vass ; 3. Grand Bolection, "L'Eclair," Haleny; 4. Grand overture, "Faust and Marguerite," Siede; 5. Waltz, " The Dream of the Ocean," Gung'l ; G. Grand selection, " Les Huguenots," Meyorbaer ; 7. Polka, "Fanny Elslor," Fahrbaeh; "God Save the Queen." If.the weathor prove fine, Lady Dalling will, we are informed, bo pre- sent during the performance. A charge of illegally demanding and taking toll from police constables while in dis chaigeof their duty, was heard at Sandrldgo Police Court, yesterday. The complaint was laid by Inspector Beaver, under the 27th Vic, clause 202. It appears from the statements mado in court, that on Wednesday lost Con- stable Martin Meara, of Richmond Barracks, was employed on futigue duty cat ting loam from tho Bend to tho police-quarters at Sandiidge, and in doing so ho had to pass through the Ingles street toll-gate, at which defendant is colector. The word "Police" was painted legibly and dis- tinctly on the cart driven by Meara, who was in plain clothes, and ho was allowed to pass through the gats twice without paying. On coming through a third time, he was stopped by defendant, who refused to allow him to pass unless toll was paid for the thrco journeys. Constable Clarke, of the Sandridge division, who was in com- pany with Constablo Meara at this time, and, moreover, in uniform, paid the toll de- manded, but protested against the exaction. It was stated by the town clurk, on behalf of tho defence, that M'Cormick was compelled by the borough council to collect tho tolls. The Bench decided that the constables, being on actual duty, were legally exempt, and en- titled to pass toll free. Defendant was thereupon fined 6s., together with ôs 9d. costs. At the same court,Charlotte Rackbamwas charged byWm. James, ship carpenter on board the Lady Ann, with illegally detaining a bag, a flannel shirt, two cloth shirt?, a pair of flannel drawers and a sheet, valued in all at £2 10s. The things had beon sent some weoks ago to defendant, who did the ship's washing, and not being forthcoming the present summons was taken out. The defendant stated that her husband, who had recently run uway and leit ber, had taken the articles with him. Certificate of marriage being produce!, the case ajainst defendant was dismissed, she being a married woman, and complainant was left to scok his remedy against the husband. Kate Euglisb, charged by one of her female neighbours with making use of abusive and insulting language, was fined lOi. and Gi. costs, or four days' imprisonment. Mr. F. Cull, P.M., was the presiding magis- trate. Among the cases heard yesterday, before Mr. Justice Williams, at the Supremo Court, were an action for malicious pro3eoution and an action of ejectment. The former, Forbes v. Gilbert, was a caso evidently arising out of neighbours' differences at Sandrldgo, and had an unsatisfactory termination, inasmuch as the juiy, although locked up six hours, wero unable to arrive at a verdict. Tho ejectment COBB, Thurlow and another v. Perks and others, related to property abutting on the Bridge road, Richmond, and is the first of a series of six action B of the kind entered for trial at the precent Nisi Prius sittings. Tho verdict was for the plaintiffs. Tho Com t, at its rising, adjourned until Friday. Bishop Patteson preached at OhriBt Church, South Yarra, on Sunday morning last. The amount collected at the offertory for the Melanesian MisBion was £C0. At the Prahran Police Court, yesterday, Eliza Cooper was sent to gaol for BIX month?, for habitual drnnkenness ; defendant had re- peatedly been charged before. There wore a few other trifling cases of small debts and petty offences. The gaol returns of Melbourne on Saturday show the total number of prisoners and parson! detained to be 239: 186 males and 63 females Thc:e are classified as follows :-A wai tint trial at the Supremo Court, 22; under re mond from magistrates, 10; road ging, 14 hard labour, 87 ; imprisonment only, P5 lunaticp, 2; in default of bail, 12; debtors, 7 " Hamlet" waa produced at the Hay marke Theatre last night. The unfortunate stati of tho weather interfered somewhat with th< attendance, though not with the perform ance. As the cast was much the same as oi the previous iepresentation of thiB play, wi netd only notice its reproiuction. TnU even ing " The Merchant of Venice " will be per foi rued. Those who have seen Mr. and Mti Kean in this favourite tragedy will not neec urging to be present. 