SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1864. The quarrel between Victoria and New South Wales has now reached a point at which the intervention of the Imperial Government becomes necessary to save us from the consequence, at once ludi- crous and horrible, of bloodshed on the border. It is perhaps fortunate for the cause of peace in Australia that we have still a superior power to control and watch over our bellicose im- pulses. There seems to be no other mode of adjusting our intercolonial differences but by an appeal to the central authority. Both sides claim to be in the right, and neither will concede anything, if even the day of concession has not passed. The diplomatists have in effect retired from the scene, and Inspector Hare, with his six Victorian policemen, is master of the situation. The first act of violence attempted by New South Wales has been resisted by Victoria, and the next step may be war, if New South Wales chooses. The obstinacy of one man may commit us to bloodshed before another day is over. The situation would be absurd, if it did not involve this grave result. That policemen and custom-house officers, both wearing the Queen's badge, and both acting in the name of the Crown, should be engaged in mortal combat, is sufficiently ludicious ; but no one can say when the telegraph from Echuca will not bring us this news. A word from Mr. Forster may set Mr. Gor- don in bloody opposition to Mr. Hare ; and Mr. Forster is precisely that sort of impracticable and stub- born personage from whom we might expect such a word. What, then, will be the consequence. The representative of Victoria cannot abandon his position; and the agent of New South Wales is equally bound to maintain the interests of his colony. Another attempt will probably be made to enforce the new Customs regulations on Victorian vessels, and it is certain that any such attempt will be resisted. At present, Victoria may be said to be in overwhelming force on the Murray. One inspector and six constables-picked men from the finest body of police in the world-are more than a match for all the available New South Wales forces ; and Mr. Gordon will scarcely be so rash as to risk a pitched battle under the circumstances. He will probably feel it due to his general- ship to retire upon his centre of support, and wait for further instructions. In the meantime, the Murray will assume the aspect of another Mincio or Rappa- hannock. The pacific stream which for ages has run in unvexed muddiness to the sea, will divide two nations at war, and become the scene of internecine strife and bloodshed. All these are the consequences of a dispute, the gravity of which, we fear, will hardly be sufficiently estimated by the British public. It is, however, pre- cisely the sort of difficulty which in older countries has always been a fruitful source of wars ; and it certainly has a dignity not less than the dispute as to who should hold the keys of the Holy Places, or whether the Schleswigers should use German or Danish school- books. The dispute between Victoria and New South Wales may be briefly described as concerning the right of the latter colony to frame customs regula- tions affecting Victorian traffic on the River Murray. The origin of the quarrel is in the claim made by New South Wales for a portion of the customs duties collected in Melbourne-namely, those levied on articles intended for consumption in her districts imme- diately north of the Murray. Geo- graphically, as well as socially, these districts belong rather to Victoria than to New South Wales. All their busi- ness, both official and private, is trans- acted through Melbourne. They have been peopled from Victoria—they are fed and clothed from Victoria—their only market is Victoria. By far the greater part of the capital expended in these districts in pastoral enterprises has come from Victoria ; and, in all but political matters, they are as much a part of this colony as the provinces im- mediately contiguous to them south of the Murray. Still, Victoria has never refused to admit the legal claim of New South Wales to the Customs duties levied in Melbourne on goods in- tended for Riverina. She has been ready, at any time, to enter into terms with her neighbour for the settlement of these claims. But, on her part, she demands that, in return for the con- cession asked of her, and considering that she has practically created and sup- ported the districts on account of which the duties are claimed, the New South Wales Government should co- operate with her in certain works, hav- ing for their object the improvement of the common highway between the two colonies, and the development of the re- sources of the Riverine districts on either side of the river. To this just, reasonable, and moderate demand, New South Wales has always turned a deaf ear. While exacting of Victoria something which is rather a moral than a legal due, New South Wales, in return, stands upon the strict letter of the legal obliga- tion. She asks for everything, and will give nothing. Her diplomacy she has borrowed from her two national heroes, Morgan and Gardiner; and "stand " and deliver" is her only ultimatum. The Victorian Government having re- fused to obey the summons, the New South Wales Ministry, in revenge, has proceeded to establish customs-houses on the Murray, and to frame regulations for the transit of goods along the Murray. As to her right to adopt the first of these two measures, there has never been a ques- tion. We cannot prevent our neighbours from levying their duties in any way they please in their own territory. But we do protest against the enforcement of any customs regulations, made by New South Wales singly, on the goods of Victorian subjects, while on the Vic- torian shore, or while travelling along the watercourse of the Murray. The watercourse of the Murray is un- doubtedly vested in New South Wales, but the same section of the act which grants her this (Act 9 Victoria, No. 15) provides also that any customs regula- tions which may be framed, must be framed by both the colonies in concert. Hence we deny, on the part of Victoria, that New South Wales can of her own self make regulations affecting Victorian goods or vessels. The regulations, to be legal, must be consented to by both colo- nies. Therefore, although New South Wales has the right to levy customs duties on her own territory, and although the River Murray is in her territory, she has no right to meddle with the goods or vessels of Victoria merely passing along the watercourse of the river. Yet in the Sydney Gazette, there is published a formal notice by the Customs Depart- ment, that " no boat, punt, vessel, or " or other vehicle or conveyance, will be " allowed to be employed in the carriage " of goods, or for any purpose whatover, " on or across the River Murray, unless " licensed by the New South Wales " officials " and any such boat, punt, or vehicle, is made liable to be seized and forfeited if not provided with this security. This is the case on behalf of Victoria —that New South Wales has acted illegally in making these regulations, and will act wrongfully in attempting to enforce them on Victorian goods and vessels. In equity and common sense, it is monstrous that one colony should have the power of inflicting this annoy- ance and injury upon her neighbours. The River Murray is the natural high- way along a vast and important district of the interior ; and it is intolerable that we, who have the greatest need of its watercourse, should be debarred from its use by New South Wales, merely to serve her grudge and satisfy her spite. The question, however, can- not be settled by the colonies them- selves. New South Wales will not, and Victoria cannot, concede anything. It is for the Imperial Government, therefore, to decide between us ; and in making such a decision, it is necessary that it should go beyond the immediate cause of the quarrel—that it should take into consideration the natural claims wo have, not only to the free navigation of the Murray, but to the possession of the whole district of which the Murray is the highway, and of which Melbourne is the natural capital and seaport. The following notification on the subject of Murray River customs appeared in a supple- ment to the Government Gazette of yester- day :-" Whereas the arrangements as regards the duties on goods brought into Victoria via the River Murray, made with the Govern- ments of New South Wales and South Aus- tralia, by treaty under date 31st May, 1859, and published by notice in the Government Gazette, dated 18th August, 1850, have been annulled by those Governments, by letter dated 23rd September, 1863, from the South Australian Government (one of the contract- ing parties). Notice is hereby given, that all goods which may be brought into Victoria (whether by way of the River Murray or other- wise) subsequent to the expiration of such agreement, and upon which no duties have been paid to this Government, are liable to forfeiture. And all persons are hereby cau- tioned against being concerned in bringing into the colony any goods on which the duties due have not been paid, otherwise they are liable to a penalty of treble the value of the goods, or £100, at the election of the Com- missioner of Trade and Customs, the goods being also liable to forfeiture. All persons, therefore, arr warned that the Customs laws on the River Murray, or elsewhere, will be strictly enforced. (Signed) JAS. G. FRANCIS, Commissioner of Trade and Customs, Cus- tom-house, Melbourne, 23rd September, 1864. It appears from the returns published yes- terday and to-day that in six of the sixteen rural electoral districts the Parliamentary elections have passed off without a contest. The districts in question, and the gentlemen by whom they will be represented, are as under : —Mornington, the Chief Secretary (Mr. M'Cul- loch) ; South Grant, Messrs. P. Lalor, W. N. M'Cann, and J. R. Hopkins ; North Grenville, Messrs. M. M. Pope and T. Randall; Pol- warth and South Grenville, Mr. J. H. Connor; Normanby, Mr. G. C. Levey ; and the Wim- mera, Mr. J. M'Bain. A deputation from Ballarat, consisting of Mr. J. A. Doane, mayor of Ballarat, and Mr. J. Fussell, mayor of Ballarat East, waited on His Excellency the Governor yesterday, to present petitions from that district against the continuance of the transportation of criminals to Western Australia, and so in effect to the other Australian colonies. The petitions actually presented were-one from the general body of burgesses in the district, and signed by 4,985, or within fifteen of 5,000 persons; seven from different religious deno- minations, exclusive of the Church of England and Romish Church, which are yet to arrive; and one from the Borough Council of Bal- larat. Mr. Fussell intimated that another from the Borough Council of Ballarat East would be forwarded in the course of the day, and, in requesting that they should be for- warded to the Imperial authorities, he begged His Excellency, if he felt justified in so doing, to bear testimony to the earnestness of the petitioners. Sir Charles Darling re- plied briefly that he had already assured the home Government of the deep feeling pre- vailing in Victoria on this subject, and ho believed that Governmont was already made aware, by the newspaper reports of public meetings and other means, of the earnest belief existing here of the unfavourable in- fluence the continuance of transportation to Australia would have upon the future of the nations growing up on these shores. The deputation thanked His Excellency, remark- ing that the petitions they had presented were but the earnest of others to follow, which would urge still more strongly the cause they advocated. The interview then termi- nated. A meeting of the council of the Anti- Transportation League was held yesterday, in the Town-hall ; Mr. Haines in the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting having been confirmed, the hon. secretary (Mr. Fitzgibbon) read the draft of a letter to he addressed to the chairman of every municipal corporation, shire, or road district in the colony, with a view to obtain simultaneous' action throughout the entire country against the great evil and wrong of transportation. A second letter, organising a system of contribu- tions, on the principle of that followed by the promoters of the Anti-Corn Law League in Great Britain, was also agreed to. Two notices of motion were postponed to next meeting, the gentlemen who had given them not being present ; and after a private discus- sion as to the most effective modes of action in connexion with the letters adopted, the meeting adjourned. Mr. J. C. Riddell, one of the candidates for the representation of West Bourke in the Legislative Assembly, addressed the electors of Footscray, at the local Mechanics' Insti- tute, yesterday evening. At the conclusion of Mr. Riddoll's explanation of his views on the political questions of the day, a motion was passed mm. con., declaring him a fit and pro- per person to represent the constituency, and a vote of thanks to him for his past services to the district in the Legislature was carried in a like complimentary manner. A meeting of the electors of St. Kilda, in favour of the return of Mr. K. E. Brodribb as their representative, took place last evening, at the Terminus Hotel, Fitzroy-street, St. Kilda. The proceedings were private. The following additional information with regard to the opium smuggling case appears in the Border Post of Wednesday :-" The eleven cases containing 528lb. of opium (duty paid at Goolwa), per Lady Daly, for Messrs. Smith and Harris, of Rutherglen, were by permission of the custom-house officer for Corowa landed at that place. The three cases per Kennedy are still in the custody of the officer at Wahgunyah, awaiting the decision of the Victorian Government." It will be seen by a despatch from the Colonial-office, published elsewhere, that a communication from His Excellency the Governor to the Colonial Department of tho Impeiial Government, detailing the circumstances of the late volunteer en- campment at Sunbury, and transmitting a brigade order from General Chute, bearing testimony to the high character of our volun- teers, has been received and acknowledged by Mr. Cardwell, the present Minister for the Colonies. The masonic ball of Wednesday next ip, we learn, to equal, if not eclipse, all its pre- decessors, and it is notorious that if any men know how to get up successful grand balls, Freemasons are they. It is rather a modern accomplishment, for of old the brethren affected the banquet-hall more than tho ball- room ; but modern civilization has worked an improvement, and there is now less occa- sion than ever for an inquisitive lady-as in the legend-to shut herself in a clock-case to watch the mysterious proceedings of a lodge in solemn conclave. The curiosity which prompted a daring inquiry into the secrets of initiation, and which is said to have so nearly led to fatal results, is half assuaged when the female eye is made familiar with all that cunning artists can do with freemasonic blue and silver, red and gold, silk, white kid, and jewellery, and in the ball-room all these blaze their best. The secrets which each true mason locks up in his breast lose, perhaps, a little of their solemn meaning, but how much does society gain? Earnest masons of the old style are half inclined to pooh-pooh this later fashion, but they are completely out- voted by those over whom wives, daughters, or sweethearts have established dominion, and from the Knight of the Rosy Cross, or the brother of the Royal Arch, down to the half-fledged apprentice-mason, nearly all vote for at least one ball in the year. Conse- quently, in Victoria particularly, there havo been no such balls—save when the Governor, or perhaps the Mayor of Melbourne, is the host—as those given by the Freemasons. Often in country districts they aro of extreme social value, and all tho world knows that if money is made by them the local charities are sure to be aided thereby. In view of past successes, the Freemasons' Bull Committee for 1864 have spared no trouble to revive, if not surpass, the bygone glories of the Exhibi- tion-building, and the evening of the 28th inst. will probably not he soon forgotten. The decorations, band, and refreshments are to be the best of their kind, able caterers cing responsible for their excellence. Lastly, iho vice-regal party, including Sir Charles, Lady, and Miss Darlitiir, who will grace the-, occasion, aro to be received "ia duo anl ancient form" under tho "Arch of Steel" of the Knights Templars, as Yvhen the Prince and Princess of Wales paid their bridal visit to the Alfred Lodge of Oxford, som 3 months fi'ncp. A public meeting wai held yostcilay evening at the Roso of Australia Hotel, Bourke-slrcet and King-street, for the pur- pose of endeavouring to found a literary in- stitute and public hall at tho Yvestern end of the city-tho hall to havo a lending library and reading-room, and to be UBed also for public meetings ana the proceedings of friendly aud benefit societies. The meeting was very well attended. Mr. T. Stewart, tho conY'ener of the meeting, took the chair, an 1 Btated that an institute of this nature had been for a long time much wanted, and Weat Melbourne was behind other districts ia tho absence of a library and reading-room and a hall where working men could assemble. Mr. J. Welsh moved tho first resolution, "That it is deslrablo that a public hall, with a library and reading-room, should be erected in Weat Melbourne." Mr. M'Pherson seconded tho resolution, and said that the young men of the district frequently as- sembled at night in the street, and learned io dance by the light of street lamps. Besidis this, if they wanted to convene any public meeting they must go to a public house. This state of things ought not to ha allowed to lost, and if they acted energeti- cally lie hfld no doubt of their success. The resolution was put and agreed to. Mr. Scott moved, and Mr.Elliott seconded, "That an application be made to tho Governor in Council for a grant of a quarter acre allot- ment on tho late police-birracks resorve, William- street, or such sito as moy be ob- tained." On this an omondmoot was moved, that¡tho words "quarter acre" be omitted, leav- ing the quantity of land to the discretion of the Commissioner, as also (lie precise spot for a site, Considerable discussion ensued, and it was eventually determined to leave the ques- tion of what site should bo applied for to a deputation to the Commissioner of Lands and LSutvey, they being instructed to get the best they could, if that on the old police-barracks woro refused. Mr. Ilughcs moved the appointment of a committee to carry out the resolutions, with power to add to their number. The names were Messrs. Stewart, Simpson, Smith, M'Pher Bon, Welsh, Amies, Elliott, Watson, Gorrie, and Brown. Tbi3 resolution wus also agreed to. Mr. 0. J. Hughes was appointed secre- tary pro tem,, and tbe committee were in- structed io draw up a code of rules, to bo submitted to a future public meeting. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. Orkney, M'PherEon, Amiss, Stewart, and Elliott, was appointed to wait upon tho Commissioner of CroYvn Lands, to report as soon as practicable to a meeting, to be convened by advertise- ment. At the close of the basiness, upwards of £40 v as subscribed to the institute, and the proceedings terminated with the usual com- pliment to the chairman. The Supreme Court yesterday disposed of a portion of the unfinished business of Michaelmas term. The appeal case of Cotter {Koh-i-noor) appellant v. Forbes (United Ex- tended I'and of Eope) and James (/Brent Ex- tended) respondents, and the special caso of In the mallir of the appeal of Wardle and others v. Evans and others, were, by an arrangement of tho parties to which their honours con Eented, heard and disposed of. In the first case, tho court sat only to make a formal decree on a basis which, in every point but one small ono of detail, bad been agreed upon between the parties, for the ending, at least fi r the present, of their protracted and costly triangular litigation. In the other case, alfo heard by consent, the court reserved its judgement. The decree of the Supreme Court in the suit between the Koh-i-noor, Great Extended, and Band of Hope Companies gives 155 feet of the disputed ground, from Judge Rogars's line, to tho Great Extended Company, and 342 feet (0 the Koh-i noor Company ; the Band of Hope to be paid their costs. Not a few persons havo been curious to know the nature of the new building the foundations of Yvhich aro preparing in the vacant ground adjoining tho Bank of Aus- tralasia, Collins-street west. The general opinion was that that corporation were about to replace their present office?, built in the primeval days of the colony, by a structure which should at least vie with those which represent Victorian instead of foreign capital ; but this is a mistake, Tho building about to be erected is a handsoma three-story edifice, designed by Messrs. Austin and Ellis, for the Australian Insurance Com- pany, and the plans preparad promise a liol nillo addition to our stock of semi public buildings. Without going into de- tails, which can be moro appropriately given on a future occasion, we may premise that the lower story is to be composed of that polished Gabo island granite, thebeautifnl red groinof which has been often admired, but rarely taken advantage of. The upper stories are to be faced with fieestone. The decorations are not of a Y'ery demonstrative, but still of a highly ornamental oharacter. The annual general meeting of the Eastern hill Cricket Club, Yvhich wbb announced to bo held lost evening at the Sir John franklin Hotel, was adjourned for a week, in conse- quence of the small attendance of mem- bers. Wo havo received " The Tasmanian Cri- minal Law Consolidation and Amendment Acts of the 27th Victoria, with note', obior vatlous, and decisions, by Charles A. W. Rocher, of tho colonial bar, with an appendix conta'nlng the most important statutes having reference to the admiuistration of the criminal law," published by J. Walch and Sons, Hobart Town and Launceston. We ara told by the author that the course adopted In the work has been as follows:-The acts have been accurately printed from the local statufeB; anotéis appended to each sootion, pointing out the corresponding enactment in the Blatute of the Imperial Parliament from which the section lu tho Ice ii act is taken, as also the source from which the section in the Impeijal statute is borrowed, in addition io which there ore explanatory observations defiiiing what constitutes each offence, aud the judicial decisions and decisions of the Court of Criminal Appeal thereon, brought down to tho latest period. The volume Promîtes to be of use, we imagino, to mern hers of the lepal profession here as well as in Tasmania. Messrs. Kitson, Learmonth, anl M'Pher- son, the monago« of the Mellon, Dyarra wafab, and Yangardook Farmers Commons, are to be presented with a testimonial on Wednesday next, for tho officiant manner lu which tliey bave discharged their dutios. A ca*e was heard at the City Court yester- day, in which the prisoner, an elderly man named Patiick AdamEon, was charged with ontpiiing to defraud a young mau named Beche. Tho prosecutor had been to do. fendanl's office, in answer to an advertise- ment, and Yvas there induced, by the repre- sentations of Adamson and another man nanud Adams, to deposit £25 with them as Eecuiiti for his proper performance of the dutiiB 1 f a situation in which he was engaged hy Adams. Ile soon found that his situa tion waa but a deception, aid wa? only paid wages for the first week and part of thi "second. His deposit ho was nevor ablo to recover. Tho prisoner was remanded for a week, and a warrant was issued for tho ap- prehension of hie confedoiatc, Adams. At the District Court yesterday, upon the complaint of James Riley, sheep inspector, Patrick Hayes, of Essendon, was fined 30s for " unlawfully owning ten sheep infected with the scab, contrary to the act." A com- plaint against the same defendant, that, " being the owner of ten sheep above the age of six months, kept on land known as the Melbourne Cattle-yards, he did neglect to cause such sheep to be marked or branded as required," &c;, was dismissed, the Bench holding that the Cattle-yards not being a place where the sheep went brought for the purpose of depasturing, but simply for sale, the provisions of the act with respect to branding did not apply. A similar com- plaint preferred against Henry Beattie, of the Barwon River, as owner of 208 sheep not duly branded, was dismissed, on the same grounds. At tho East Collingwood Police Court yes terdoy, Elizabeth Landridge waB charged with having in her possession and attempting to pawn a silver lever watch which had been stolen from Joseph Prouse on the 10th inst. It appeared that the prosecutor, who lived near Victoria-parade, went out for a walk on the 10th, having his watch and chain with him. Ho had fastened tho chain under his collar, for tho sake of security. Ho remem- bered being at the Buildors' Arma at ono o'clock on the following morning, and he then went home. When ho awoko in tho morning he found that his watch was gone. On the 22nd inst. tho pi isoner attempted to pledge the watch at a pawnbroker's in Wel- lington- street, when it was at once recog- nized as a watch described in the police- list as having been stolen, and she was given " into custody. In hor defence, sho said that she did not know that tho watch waa etolen, and could not say how she came by it, as she waa very drunk. The Bench sent her to gaol for six monthB, with bord labour. J. Flynn and J. M'ln tyre were fined 2a. 61. each, for being drunk ; and Catherine M'Gregor, alias Lucy Byrne, who had been tbreo times boforo the Court within a month for intemperance, was fined 10s, forty- eight hours' imprisonment being the alternative. Patrick Mullina was charged with using the most disgusting and threatening language towards his wife, and fined £10, or to go to gaol for three monthB, with hard labour. The other cases disposed of possessed no features of interest. The magistrates on the bonch were tho Hon. J. P. Fawkner (chairman) and Messrs. T. Copo and W. Thomas. At St. Kilda Polico Court yesterday, two householders, for allowing their goats to wander, were each fined 5j. Two men, named* Tilley and Brown, wero complained against by the Borough Council for removing sand from the public street. A fine of 2a. Gi, and 5?. costs, waB inflicted on each of tho de- fendants. On a ohargo of lunacy, Cornelius Henry Goddard was remanded for seven days. The whole of the small debt cases on the Hat wero postponed until next court day. Mr. F. T. Van Ilemert waa the only magistrate pre- sent. Tbero were no cases at Sandridge Polico Court yeBterday. In roference to the accident reportod in the shipping columns of yesterday's Argus, Ca.pt. Biowne, of the Charles Edward, informs us that the two unfortunate men lost were James Britt and John A. Johnson. Their bodies were recovered, and interred on Mr. Road knight's station. Ojo morning, a few we'eka ago, a horse and taddle were stolen from about Ingliston by a woithy offshoot of "the fifth estate," of New South Wales, and tho following day another hoise was taken by tho same pe/son from Messrs. A. and L. Giant, Pentland-hill?. This latter horse he subsequently sold to a Mr. Fraser, at Wangaratta, where ho practised his craft by stealing, bartering, and selling, with great success. Again he returned to try his luck about the Hills, when, fortunately for the public, his career was inteirupted by Mounted-constable Free, of the Myrniong police, who cleveriy arrested him at Madingly last Sunday night, with a horse, new harness, dray, and a few fleeces of wool in his posses- sion. He hos been fully identified, and re- manded for the attendance of the necessary witnesses. The following prlsonors were discharged from the penal department during tho week ending the 20th of Saptembcr:-Ah Tung, alias Ah Tooey, alias Ah Fou, sontenced at Ballarat, October 10,1863, for intent to com- mit a felony, to one yoar's imprisonment; John Bourke, at Melbourne, June 21, 1864, for vagrancy, to three months ; Edward Cross, at Melbourne, April 15, 1864, for vagrancy, to six months'; Henry Gill, at Mel- bourne, July 13, 18G4, for stealing a box of salad oil, to threo months' ; Alexander John- ston, alias Thomas Hopkins, at Sandhurst, February 7,1862, for uttering a forged cheque, to two years', and at Melbourne, April 1,1862, for forgery and uttering, to two years' accu- mulative; Joseph Marshall, at Melbourne, July 11,1864, for vagrancy, to threo months' ; James O'Dea, alias Thomas Mansfield, alias Dwyer, at Kilmore, April 22,1863, for larceny, to eighteen months' ; Quo Coy, at Sandhurst, March 14, 1864, for assault and inflicting grievous bodily harm, to nine months' ; David BavasBi, at Woodend, July 14, 1861, for va- grancy, to three months' ; John Smith, alias Sparkes, at Kilmoro, April 23, 1861, for steal- ing from o dwelling, to five years'; George Williams, alias Hobbs, alias Clark, alias Wil- son, at Melbourne, March 11, 1801, for lar- ceny, to six months'; Thomas Williams, at Sandhurst, April 8,1801, for vagrancy, to six months' ; and James Wall, at Melbourne, Juno 20,1804, for vagrancy, to threo months'. Tickets of leave havo b;cn issued to Charles Davip, alias Cornelius Davis, who was sen- tenced at Castlemaine on the 23rd February, 1867, to twelve years', for robbery under arms ; and William Jones, who was sentenced at tho samo place, on the 9th June, 1863, to ten and twelve years' respectively, for two robberies with violence. At tho weekly meeting of the committoo of management of the Benevolent Asylum, the superintendent reported the state of the house-Men, 281; womon, 89; total, 370. There wore 10 applications for admisñon ; of these 3 were admitted, 2 refused (not being fit cases), and 5 refused, for want of room. The committee beg to acknowledge a dona- tion of clothing from Mr. Whittaker, Bonverle Btreet, n-id stata that all descriptions of cloth- ing will be thankfully received. Tho col- lector also acknowledges the sum of £16103. Gd., collected by the Boy. H. H. P. Handfiold at St. Peter's Ohui cb. The Sydney Morning Herald writes :-" Look- ing to tho rapid advance of the French Mail Company in the Eastern Beas, and to tho fact that they are already stretching their line to Mauritius, which ia half way bötween Aden and Australia, and also to the fact that an extension to Australia ia on the list of con- templated posBibilitiep, and looking, also, to the probable settlement between Now Zealand and the Intercoloniol Company as to the opening of the Panama route, and also the eagerness of the Queenslanders to devote themselves at the first opportunity to the opening up of the Torres Straits route, it would bo asound pslioy in the directors of tho P. and 0. Company to oller to establish a fort- nightly mall without any additional subsidy at all, on condition of having their contract secured to them for five years." Pending further conveniences to be offored hy tho rost-offico department, Mr. W. B. Stephens, bookseller, of Collins-stroof, pro- poses to forward, as usual, a late letter-big in time for the ßupplomontary English mail, receiving letterp, after the close of the letter- box at the General Post-office, up to twonty minutes to one p.m., on Monday next. On such letters the lato letter fee must be pre- paid, and thoy must bo addressed via Mar- seilles, for the United Kingdom only. Tho'.rolicc Gazelle states that Patrick Mooro, charged with murderous assault and robhory on Ah Woy, has beon arrested by tho Gaff ney's Creek police, and committed for trial. Tho Geelong Advertiser intimates that a dis- covery of gold has been mado at the Little Elver. According to the Yass Courier, Gilbert, the bushranger, is now in America, nesailod soon oftor the death of his comrade, O'Meally. It is feared (says an Albury paper) that Sergeant Smith Yvill not recover f.-om the effect of the wound which ho received in his encounter with the notorious scaundrel Morgan. The Border Post of Wednesday says, on the ' question of border customs:-"Monday, the 19th inst, was the first day on which tho border customs carne in force, but up to the present time, as might bo expected, no goods h wo boen bonded In Albury." A rowing match between Mr. J. T. Butt and Mr. John Mitchell, both of the.Rlohmond Club, will come off this afternoon, on the Upper Yarra, to decide which of the two shall be included in the " firet four"on the occasion of the next regatta. The courso is \- from theQuairies to the Corporation Baths, opposite the Botanic Gardens. The boats Yvill start at three o'clock. A correspondent wishes to direct the atten- tion of the Post-office authorities " to the very reprehensible and voxatious practice indulged in by Borne of the officials, of appropriating a large proportion of tho foreign stamps at- tached to letters passing through the varions offices." The starch and malzona works of Messrs. Urie, Munn, and Young, which wero men- tioned in our summory several mouths ago, as in course of erection near Hawthorn bridge, Richmond, have, notwithstanding the interruptions to which their progress waa subjected by the floods, been at last com- | pleted. They are now in full working order, and, as wo leam, tho quality of tho article manufactured is such as, in the estimation of thoso competent to judge, to bear favourable comparison with the same kind of goods im- ported from England. Thespian temples, it appears, aro not profit- able affairs at Ballarat. The other day we Btated tbat the Theatre Royal was about to' pass into tho handa of tho kcal Total Absti- nence Society. We now understand that negotiations for the purchase are in progress. It ia reported that the Charlie Napier Theatre will b3 converted i nto a brewery. The Immigrants' Home, Prince's-brldge, still numbers among its inmates able- bodied men who aro waiting engagements. At tho meeting of the executive committee, yester- day, tho superintendent made tho following return:-Number of inmates remaining at the last report, 199 ; admitted since, 80 ; persons who havo received out-door relief, 238 (or 07 families). Total relieved, 517 ; discharge!, 86; total remaining, 193. Stone-breaking, 15 ; oakum-picking, 10. By proclamation which appeared in the Government Gazelle last ovening, the applica- tion of the Public nealth Act is extended to the borough of Tarnagulla. Tarnigull» is also proclaimed a district into which "no gunpowder shall be brought, unless for deposit in a public or licensed magazine." The Mauritius Sentinel of the Cth Angus'-, writing on the subject of steam communica- tion with the Cape of Good nope, says: "With regard to steam communication between the Cape and Mauritius, which was looked to with such enthusiasm, we regret to find that the proposal of the Union Steamship Company to extend their line our woy ha3 been rejected by the House of Assembly, not- withstanding tho recommendation of the Cape Chamber of Commerce. It is, wo hope, but a deferred question. With a line to Australia and one to Point de Gallo, our chain wonld be complete ; and there is no reason why these lines could not soon bo established, to tbo great advantage of com- merce and agriculture." The performances at the Haymarket Theatre last evening consisted of the three act comedy of " Sweothearts and Wives," and the burlesque of " Orpheus and Eurydice." Fcr this evening the burlesque of "KonU Yvotth" is announced. At the Theatro Royal, last ovening, the tragedy of "Julius Cosar" and tho builuque of "Bombastes EurloEo" were repeated. This evening the Roman play will commence its third week, and tho afterpiece will b3 the extravagant farce of " Stage-Struck," sup- ported by the tulents of Messrs. Lambert, Charles Young and Stowart, Mrs. Alfred Phillips, and Miss Emma Neville. 