says Sfi&tu;í» i-ïlorning Harald FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1864. m If anything could induce our representatives to devote themselves earnestly to the business of the country, it would be the extreme moment of settling questions which, if undetermined, will expose the colony to irreparable injury. The first in the order of importance is undoubtedly the adjustment of our finances, and this is connected with the termination of our border controversies. To go on living beyond the income of the country can only increase the difficulty of ultimate settlement. The debt must . be honestly and manfully encountered. The provision made for its liquidation need not remove in a single year the accumulations of many, but the means of reduction must be definite and ample. We have reached a point when the stability of our credit will be in the hands of our legislators. If with a courage and determination equal to the emergency they provide to meet the public obligations, we shall stand well with the world. It will be seen that, however hostile our parties, however doubtful our politics, there is at least one point where all are in harmony. The public debt must be met the current income must defray the current expenditure. We have no objection to charge posterity with obligations, providing they are fairly ascertained and proportioned-providing that in the public works we achieve we leave to the future a sufficient compensation. But this charging upon years to come of the ordinary expenses of government is mean as well as dishonest. It is unworthy any people, especially those who pretend to have the moral sentiments and public spirit of Englishmen. Time was when some adjustment of tariffs was possible. The embassy that visited Victoria to unite in this plan ought to have concurred in the rates of duty, and sought some system of equitable partition. But neither of these courses was adopted, and the Victorian tariff is higher in some respects than our own. The tea and sugar, duties Me double the amount. These duties, although still small and of the light- est pressure, are nevertheless highly productive. Had an agreement been adopted with the Victorian Government to conform our rates to theirs, we should have had this advan | tage-the temptation to mix up the question of tariff rates with border disputes would have been removed. The current of commerce would have followed its natural channels, it is true, but who in his senses would wish to divert it. Thus by an addition in practice imperceptible unless to the higher classes-a weight never felt or noticed by any except those who have charge of heavy establishments the Treasury would have been able to meet the expenditure out of the current income We doubt if there is any member in the House capable of reflection who does not feel that this would have been the-true policy-unless those who wish to embarrass the revenue in order to enforce some scheme of protection-in short, who take up the subject not as a matter of public finance, but as one of private profit. Save these, every person capable of reflection would at once admit the necessity and equity of this impost. Without it we are driven to all sorts of expedients which embarrass our trade and commerce, and have consequences not easily calculated. The great advantage of this remedy would be the promptitude with which it could be adopted-its immediate and certain produc- tiveness its wide and equal pressure, yet its lightness and almost imperceptibility. No additions would be required for gauging, or measurement, or accounts. Not a single additional clerk would be required. Not a single preventive officer would be needed. The temptation to illicit distillation would be greatly abated. The revenue while augmented in respect to sugar would be increased in reference to spirits. We should retain an impost adopted by every civilized country, and restored wher- ever it has been abandoned, because possessing in a peculiar degree the very conditions which mark an import for taxation and render it equitable because universal. No fallacy is more absurd than the statement that this is an unequal burden upon the poor man, unless all taxes are to be discharged from those who exercise the greatest share of public authority. Wherever municipal institutions exist a very large charge falls upon the owners of property. They have to provide all those innumerable municipal conveniences which contribute to the comfort, health, and enjoy- ment of every member of the community. But as the payment is made only by those who occupy houses in proportion to their value, the burden, though heavy, falls with something like a regard to the power of endu- I France. If these institutions are extended, as they ought to be throughout the length and breadth of the land, compre . handing a great many expenses now discharged from the public revenue, and if public schools are still to be provided out of the public revenue frequented chiefly by children of the working classes of all this is to be done, is it not pre- posterous to cry out against a duty so small, but which is large in the aggregate, because every man who consumes the article has to contribute a part ? We certainly do not see by what means any great addition can be made to the present revenues. The fund from the sale of land is not likely to increase. The growth of the colony in the suspension of immigration is not likely to be rapid. The forms of taxation which the most able Chancellor of the Exchequer could invent are not likely to be acceptable, because they either will strike at the investment of capital in the country, or offer obstacles to the free circulation of trade. To increase the duty upon spirits and tobacco would not be safe, for reasons which have become already too obvious. However right to go to the utmost limit where it is possible to secure the payment of duty, it would be absurd to create an army of smugglers. We are bound around by numerous obstructions which prevent the absolute choice of any Ministry, and it requires much wisdom and courage to stand by the only forms of revenue which have a certainty both of collection and increase. If this course were taken by New South Wales, the Victorian Government might be prevented from adopting the disastrous measure of vindictive reduction. The time will come when this step will be regretted by all parties. The sacrifice of a sound system of revenue for the satisfaction of a caprice or re- sentment is certainly not statesmanlike, and it would be far more prudent on the part of all colonial Governments to come to an understanding which might give stability to their fiscal system and insure their credit with the world. We are not sanguine that these opinions will have greater weight than formerly. Our parties are bound by professions made for temporary objects and which they cannot abandon without liability to retort. This is, indeed, the penalty of rash and reckless motions and undigested propositions of change, but they are at the same time often fatal barriers to the welfare of the country. The story of the Danish resistance and the Danish capitulation is a striking commentary on the folly of holding on to an untenable position. The whole policy of Denmark has consisted in trying to do that which it was clearly impossible could be done, and which a cautious and prudent calculation ought to have shown should not be attempted. The prestige, the resources, the army of the country has been wasted, and even its very existence has been endangered by setting up and adhering to a policy which was clearly opposed by forces that could not but be too much for it. Great sympathy has been felt for the Danes on account of their gallantry, of their defence against tremendous odds, and the stolid self-devotion with which they have submitted to inevitable defeat ; but at the same time, pre- viewing the whole transaction, it is impossible not to blame Danish impolicy and Danish obstinacy for bridging these evils on the country. It was doubtless an awkward position for the monarch of a small kingdom like Denmark to have so large a part of his dominions as Schleswig-Holstein united to his crown by a disputed title, and to have the difficulty aggravated by a difference of language and nationality. It was impossible not to wish to consolidate the kingdom, and to make one title, one language, and one low paramount. But under the circumstances of the case the realisation of this idea was impossible, and the attempt at it was therefore im- politic. The Holsteiners resisted the plan fanatically, and the whole of Germany backed them. To try and put down this feeling, to attempt to Danny the duchy by force, was simply to feed the revolutionary fire. The Holsteiners were made to feel something very like the pressure of a foreign yoke, and were practically taught to look to Germany for 1 ¿elivwaaçe. But had they been allowed to full self-government to which they were entitled, their loyalty might have been proof against all temptation, and they might, though attached to the Danish monarchy, have enjoyed a political liberty which would have made them the envy of other German peoples, and have extinguished in them the wish to join the Federal Union at the price of the loss of a privilege so rare on the Continent as that of constitutional self-government. The early objurgations of Earl Russell as to the treatment of Holstein, which it would have been _ wisdom to have profited by, were resented as imperious and insulting. The Danish Government seems not to have counted the force of the combination against itself that it was calling into existence, and seems also to have counted, with undoubting assurance, on the support of the three great Powers to sustain it in any position it chose to assume. When at last it found itself obliged to yield, the concession came too late. The same spirit prevailed even at the Conference. Denmark positively refused to accept the plan of submitting the boundary to arbitra- tion. The Prussians, it is true, qualified their assent by reserving & power to refuse the award if they should not like it, but they would have hesitated to make that refusal if the other Powers had endorsed the arbitrators' decision. Germany has only been free to do as it liked because the neutral Powers did not pull' together, but they were in accord on this point at the Conference, and it would have been policy in Denmark to have seized this first opportunity of their union to place itself under their protection as far as it went. What was the consequence of this obstinacy ? Simply that Denmark recommitted itself to an unequal struggle, fought another hopeless battle, sacrificed more thousands of brave men, lost another important position, invited further aggression, and then, in utter despair, had to own itself beaten, and make virtually an unconditional surrender. It will now be forced to take from Germany far worse terms than it would have obtained from the proposed arbitrator. Unless France steps in to forbid the entire annexation of Jutland, Denmark may lose the whole of its continental territory. Germany is quite willing, and Denmark is quite helpless, and the only hesitation is as to whether France will tolerate it. To have accepted the arbitration could not possibly have been worse than to take thankfully whatever Germany chooses to give. The same spirit that prevailed in diplomacy seems to have presided also over the conduct of the war. The first attempt to make a serious stand was at the Dannewerke, and had the army been strong enough to man that line of defence, no better place could have been chosen. A good deal of money and labour and valuable time was wasted in improving the defences here till the close approach of the large attacking army made it clear that the line was too long for the small body of its defenders, and that it could be easily pierced. The general in command had the alternative before him of either abandoning his position or losing his army. He very wisely chose the former, but the populace, instead of praising his discretion, raised such a clamour that he was dismissed. But as it was the place was held so long that the retreat was not unmolested, and part of the army was sacrificed to the delay. There was a better possibility of making a stand at Dybböl, though the chance would have been still more improved if the time and labour wasted elsewhere had been employed in perfecting and extending the fortifications. The superiority of the Prussian artillery, however, became so manifest that for some time before the final assault was delivered it became clear to all military spectators in either camp that the place was no longer defensible. set the Danish Government would not see what was only too palpable, and thousands of brave men who might have been reserved for useful service elsewhere were sacrificed. The same thing happened over again after the Conference, at the taking of Alsen. While the armistice lasted, the military situation was freely discussed by the newspaper correspondents in both camps, and it was stated without disguise that the place was untenable under the fire the Prussians could bring to bear upon it j yet, in spite of all warnings, it was held. The place was easily taken at the first attempt, and the small Danish army, every man in which was precious was further weakened to the extent of three thousand men. No doubt the tenacity displayed was a fine proof of the solid character of the men, and of their ready obedience to orders under the most discouraging prospects, and if there had been any sufficient object to be answered, the end would have been worth the sacrifice. But to waste men in a useless contest with overpowering artillery is not to turn their bravery to the best account. As the Russians said when they witnessed the charge of the Light Brigade at Balaclava, " C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas la guerre" It is very hard, of course, to have to give in, and a nation without any obstinate tenacity in its disposition will never be able to hold its own by the side of quarrel- some and aggressive neighbours, and it is doubly hard to have to give way when the cause defended is a right one, and when law and justice are felt to be on one's side. But when quarrels are once referred to the arbitra- ment of the sword, it is useless to set up right against might. " Providence," said Napoleon, " is on the side of the strongest battalions." Passion may be very useful to the individual soldier, to serve his arm to strike, and brace his body to endure, but the general who allows the heat of an engagement to put him into a passion simply "loses his head." To plan a campaign, to put the disposable force where it will have the maximum effect with, the minimum of sacrifice, requires a cool calculation, and a close comparison of the conflicting forces, and a general is justly blamed who puts his army to do an impossible feat. It is as true in the history of individuals and in the working of politics as it is in the conduct of war, that there is no wisdom in taking up or in holding on to untenable positions. Defeat is postponed, but made more disastrous by the postponement. Half the revolutions that have happened in the world have resulted from an obstinate refusal to accept reforms. It is a good thing to know when to yield. 