THE NEWS BY THE MAIL. We supplement our telegram of yesterday by the. following additional items of news great britain. Lord Wodehouse beeomes Under-Secretary : . for Indian Tlie Penal Servitude Amendment Act Bill has passed its third reading. €r. V. Brooke is engaged at Sadler's Wells. Earl Derhv Tias nr/vnnspd a Tnntfnn tn mm- pel the London railway companies to run morn ing and evening trains for the working-classes, at Is per week, for any distance under ten miles. The Irish emigration to the Northern States is rapidly increasing. The means of transit per steamers and sailing vessels are unequal to the demand. The Dublin Exhibition of May, 1864, gives \- promise of successful results. It is estimated that the loss by the late Shef field inundation is £350,000. The number of the distressed in the cotton manufacturing districts is decreasing at the rate of four thousand persons per week. Cobrun (an American) lias challenged Mace to fight for the championship next June, and the first deposit has been made. The month's news contaius an unusual increase of murders and criminal outrages. The fund for the Colenso defence now amounts . to £2000. The Duke of Newcastle's health is consider ably improved- Mr Card well, Secretary of State for the Colo nies, has been re-elected for Oxford, without opposition. \ Mr Stansfield has retired from the Board of Admiralty, on the Mazzini question. He is succeeded by Mr Childers, M.P., formerly of Victoria.. Mr Fortescue retains his Under-Secretarysbip for the Colonies. Sir Richard MacDonnell, late Governor of South Australia, is appointed Lieutenant-Gover nor of Nova Scotia. The vacant garter will be bestowed on the Duke of Sutherland. continental. The Prussians, to the outrage of humanity, hnrahn- rdad. s;..ug' u<,(.;vv, ' thereby sacrificing unarmed civilians, women, and children. Several naval engagements have taken place in the Baltic, with varied successes. Should Denmark lose Jutland, as anticipated, there will only remain to King Christian the Islands of Zealand, Fionia, Laaland, Born- holm, and the small isles in the Danish archi pelago. Mazzini has been tried by default, and con demned to transportation. This sentence enables the French Government to apply for his expul sion from England. Cordial relations are again established between England and France, instead of the coldness which has prevailed since the affair of the Paris Congress. Lord Palmerston publicly stated this, not withstanding that the French Government had prohibited the holding of a Shaksperian banquet in Paris. War preparations in Venetia, excite alarm at Turin. The Government are earnestly urged to prepare for a threatened attack on Austria. Accounts of the Pope's health are very dis quieting. _On the 1st of April, in a battle between the Circassians and the Russians, the former lost 2000 men, and the latter 1500 men. The Cir cassians had taken refuge in Turkey, by consent of the Sultan, who sent five steamers to convey them to Sinope and Varna. Prince Maximilian, who has surrendered his right to the succession to the Austrian throne, retains the title of Archduke of Austria, and £12,000 per annum. The Louisiana elections resulted in the success of the Free State party. Arkansas had elected an anti-slavery Legislature. President Lincoln had issued orders for 250,000 men to be raised by the 19th of April. General's M'Clellan and Fremont. were nomi nated for the presidentship, but it was believed that Lincoln would be re-elected. Another conspiracy had been discovered in Kentucky to annex that state to the Southern Confederacy. Mr Seward's new Immigration Bill contains a clause to naturalize emigrants in one year after their arrival, and for importing them free of .expense (they to refund the amount of their pas sage-money from the war bounty of 900 dollars, if they choose). Twenty-five thousand Irish peo ple had arrived within a month. Seward wants 250,000 a month. He expects to empty Ire land, strengthen America, and weaken England. The General feeling in America is that the end of the war is approaching. The ensuing campaign will decide it. Should Grant be de feated, recognition of the Southern States is : expected. The Federal Senate has passed a resolution refusing to recognise European monarchical go vernment in Mexico. obituary. .. Viscount Sidmouth, Mr Paulet, Professor Pillaus, Sir Edward Tucker, MrWemyss MP.; the Countess of Glengall, Colonels Bingham and \- -Surer, -Ad m i ra 1 Clowes, Bishop of Peterborough, Archdeacon France, the Hon. and Rev. — Stan hope, Mrs E Ellice, Mr Alaric Watts, Mr Maudsley, and Mr T. P. Cooke. commercial. The Bank of England raised the rate of dis ccunt from six to seven per cent, on April 16th. The discount market has been much easier since. There is little business doing below seven per , cent. The money lenders are evincing much cautioD, as a further advance of the rate of dis count is looked for. Consols, for money, 91:1 to .. . -9l| ; ditto, account, 91£ . At Paris and Vienna, ,v-«ja open market, discounts are six per cent# 