MONDAY, JIM F 9, 1864. Without doubt the greatest triumph in tho science of acclimatisation the world has yet seen has been achieved by these colonies. At the icehouse in Franklin-street, on Saturday last., was bom a veritable salmon. We shall hardly render ourselves obnoxious to a charge of irreverence if we say that no more important birth has taken place in the colony than this. Have we, indeed, yet had any so im- portant birth Î Has any " little stranger" been so " welcome" to the colony at large, as the unsightly littlo animal now wriggling about in ludicrous activity and bustle within ten minutes' walk of this office? Has the list of births which usually appears in this particular pago of The Argus ever yet recorded an event calculated to exert so wide and beneficial an influence on our social well-being as this? With all due re- verence to the rising generation, we think not. It will not be denied that the naturalization of any new " supply of human food is of quite primary importance to a community. Can we, then, over-esti- mate tho significanceof having in the Aus- tralian colonies a living specimen of the king of fishes, the immediate precursor, we may reasonably suppose, of tens of thousands of the same family t This great success concerns us all alike. The lowest as well as the highest can enjoy the sport of catching a salmon and the pleasure of eating Lim. If, in days to come, the well-to-do shall seek health, recreation, and salmon amongst the lakes and livers of Gipps Land or Tas- mania-for in Tasmania, too, ova havo become salmon - there appears to bo no insuperable impediment to the poor mau finding them on the banks of the Yarra. The disinclination of the Assembly to entertain Mr. L. L. SMITH'S motion may not, we presume, be taken as any indication of the opinion of the House on thesubjectof aland-tax. There is no cause in the world so good as to be able to stand some kinds of advocacy. There is a very natural and wholesome instinct which prevents men from altogether dis- connecting even an abstract proposition from the person of the proposer. Now, Mr. L. L. SMITH, though honoured with the confidence of the liberal constitu- ency of South Bourke, is, for sonio rea- son or other, not cherished in the same de- gree by his fellow-members in the House. Some unlucky destiny pursues all his attempts at legislation. The most ex- cellent projects die under his hands. Even his own party aro shy of bim. A Liberal Ministry Las persistently frowned upon his various pattiotic efforts to elevate and advance the Liberal cause. Whether he endeavours to purge the medical profession, to reduce the meshes of fishing-nets, or to break down the capitalist monopoly, he is equally un- successful in winning the ear of the House. The miscarriage of Mr. SMITH'S last attempt to solve the land problem will be attended by the usual consequence of making the thing advocated more distasteful than ever to its oppo- nents. The best of theories cannot survive this sort of handling. No- thing can be conceived moro injurious to the scheme of a land-tax, than that it should be brought forward in this way. Neither the time, the place, the manner, nor the mau, was fitting; and the only effect of this clumsy experiment is to create a new sort of prejudice against the very nomo of a land-tax. Had the propositions of Mr. SMITH been framed by an enemy to the principle, they could not have been better devised to bring the whole sub- ject into contempt and ridicule For ourselves, who have always proclaimed a land-tax to be the necessary accom- paniment of every land bill, and the only legitimate protection against monopoly, we disown Mr. L. L. SMITH for our champion. Nothing equal to Mr. SMITH'S scheme in ab- surdity has ever been seriously proposed in any deliberative assembly ; and of the thirteen resolutions brought forward, the only one which is free from objec- tion is the first, " That it is expedient " that a land tax shall be levied in " this colony." Of the mode in which it is proposed to levy such a tax, it may be described as a sort of ascending scale, in which the folly rises higher and higher, until it reaches a climax in the proposition for making lands valued at £40,000 subject to a tax of twenty per cent, per annum. If this is not a crafty device of the monopolists to protect themselves against the threatened idea of a land-tax, it is a scheme which is scarcely worthy of serious discussion. It is not a land-tax which is here proposed, but a deliberate plan for punishing the possessors of landed propei ey for the crime of having mado that property valuable. It is a proclamation of open war against pro- perty itself ; and an attempt at the realization of that most famous of all liberal principles-la propriété c'est le vol. To make the per centage of the tax higher in proportion to the value of the lands taxed, is to exceed perhaps the wildest dreams of the socialist reformer. For what is this but to tax industry, in propoition as it is successful-to tax thrift, in proportion as it grows greater and greater ? The essence of every just tax is that it should be equal ; but to increase, not the amount only but the 2}roPor^on oí the land-lax, as the value of the land increases, is surely the last idea.requivod to cap all our previous efforts in I'boral land legislation. The value of the land being dependent, not so much upon its natural riches as upon the amount of labour and -kill bestowed upon it, a tax which ascends as the value increases, is thus a direct discouragement to industry and a penalty on improvement. Ac- cording to Mr. SMITH'S sliding scale, the man who, by his own efforts, raises his farm from being worth ¿£100 to being worth ¿£1,050, would raise his tax also from ¿68 to ¿£42 per annum. Should he, by further expenditure of capital and skill on his property, make it so productive as to be worth ¿210,500, ho will find the state prepared to recog- nize his success hy making him pay ¿£1,050 a year for his land. What need is there to expose the ab- surdity of such a scheme any further 1 That it is expedient to have a land-tax, is a perfectly rational proposition ; but a land-tax will defeat one of its main objects if it is not equal and uniform. The objects of a land-tax are, first, to make the owners of that kind of pro- perty which enjoys the largest share of state protection, and which is chiefly benefited by the state expenditure, con- tribute their fair share to the general revenue ; secondly, to prevent, in a sim- ple and legitimate way, and so far as | such a thing can be or ought to be pre vented, the undue accumulation of lands in a few individual hands ; and, thirdly, to maintain the land revenue after the lands themselves shall have left tho hands of the state. But an ad valorem tax on land is a direct burden upon the very class which it is our principal duty to foster-the class of bona fide settlers. To increase lho proportion of the tax as the land increases in value, is positively to discourage the bona fide settler, and to offer a premium to the mero speculator and the monopolist. If the burdens upon the land are made proportionate to its productive worth, it will bo every man's interest not to improve the land which he buys from tho state, but lot it remain as little productive as possible. It is clear that under such a system the large speculator would bo in a more favour- able position than he is at present. If he is a very large holder, he will always contrive, by fictitious divisions of his property, to evade the law ; or he will buy the lands and let them lie waste, on the chance of selling again at a profit. It is only the small proprietors who will feel an ad valorem tax ; for they must cultivate and improve their lands for a living, and they cannot afford to resort to any of the usual modes of evasion. A land-tax is an inevitable part of our land scheme of the futuro ; but such a tax ought to be equal and uniform that is to say, there should bo a certain fixed rate per acre upon all private lands. A tax of this kind need not be largo in amount to bo productive as an item of revenue, and to be what it is also in- tended to be, a check upon the undue agglomeration of lands in the hands of men who cannot make a light use of them. Tho state, in parting with its lands at a cheap rate, has a right to use this means of preventing an excessive advantage being taken of its liberality. Nor can it bo complained that a land tax is an impost of a novel or excep- tional character. In every country in the world there is a land-tax-in aristo- cratic England as well as in democratic America; and provided that the rate is not so excessive as either to prevent settlement or to act as a burden upon in- dustry, no tax is at once so equal, so little felt, and so easy of collection. As to what the amount should be in Victoria, that must be left to future discussion and arrangement. Provided all the lands of the colony were alienated, a rate of two- pence an aero would give us something like half-a-million a year-an amouut nearly equal to what is now realised by the annual sale of lands. Sixpence an acre, or two and a-half per cent, upon the upset price of all the lands within the so-called agricultural areas, would produce a revenue of £250,000 ; while a tax of the same amount upon all the lands at present alienated would yield about one-half that sum. But the question of revenue is at pre- sent not the most important considera- tion in connection with a land-tax. So long as the state has lands to sell, the territorial revenue will not be in need of this source of supply ; although we havo to prepare for a day when there will be no more lands to sell, and therefore no fund out of which to meet our national liabilities. In anticipation of such a day, the present use of a land-tax is a necessary part of our scheme of land settlement-to prevent, as far as we can or ought, the ojierations of the mere speculator and monopolist, by the only sort of provision which the state can enforce, and which does not offend either the rights of property or the laws of political economy. The curse of error seenia to rest on the work of FarUamcnt. The chosen" of the constituencies labour in vain. With toil and trouble they roll the stone of legislation up the hill, only to see it roll down again with a speed that mocks their efforts. Ever since the colony has enjoyed the liberty of making its own laws, those to whom the task has been entrusted have done little more than blunder. If they have built up, it has merely been to take down again. If any little measure has escaped from Parliament in a workable condition, we may thank accident, and withhold congratulations from its trainers. The choicest work of the hands of our legis- lator has been found the farthest from perfection. The greater the task in which Parliament has been engaged the more remarkable have been its blunders. We begin, indeed, to entertain serious doubts whether, as the Legislative Chambers aro constituted, and the business of law-making is con- ducted, any passable piece of legislation can be expected-whether, indeed, am- bitious attempts to improve the laws under which we are governed are not moro baneful and injurious than tho worst defects in the laws themselves. Parliament began its blundering with the first great labour to which it set itself. The country has only just discovered that by the Constitution Act tho liberties of the people are liable at any moment to infringement, at the will of a majority of either the Lower or the Upper House. The framers of that act dared not to have submitted such a proposal to the people of Victoria-they merely blun- dered. The subsequent history of our legislation is a chronicle of mistakes. We have a Gold-fields bill, new interpre- tations of which come upon us day by day in a succession of surprises. For five or six years its amendment has been called for, and when the work has at last been commenced-though the precaution of issuing a Eoyal Commission was taken-we have suddenly found our- selves on the verge of an unfathomable gulf of errors. The mischiefs from which we were fleeing were nothing compared with thoso which Parlia- ment was invited to provide for us. We have had Mining Partnerships bills of various pretensions- one of them altogether unworkable, and the others tolerable only by comparison with their absolutely useless predecessor. Wo need but name the Land Bills of thelast four sessions as samples of the legisla- tive work of our law-makers. Two or three years ago we obtained a Real Property Act, after a sovere struggle i and we have already thrice amended it by bills. Wo have a Civil Sei vice Act, which practically deprives the As- sembly of occasion for weeks of talk j but docs what it was not «tended to do, and does not do -what it was supposed to be intro .duced specially to accomplish. The amendment of tho Local Government Act is already found necessaiy. The Electoral Act has enfranchised women and non-naturalized foreigners, and in- troduced a variety of innovations of which the Parliament that passed it did not dream. Our Common Schools Act las created an almost irresponsible power -a power which has overridden the Go- vernment, left tho teachers unpaid, and done an injustice which the state has been called upon to redress. And, lastly, .we have had bestowed upon us a Com- panies Statute, which is found to be . obnoxious in many respects before the damp of the printing-press is dry upon it. The history of this last-named mea sure, while it may to some extent ex- cuse those who by their silence suffered it to become law, also suggests the application of an immediate remedy, to prevent further blundering in law- making. Based upon an English statute, it was presented to the Assembly as the work of an experienced draftsman, assisted in his task by the -suggestions of the law officers of the Chown in the O'shanassy Government, whose reputation for legal acuteness is of the highest class. It went through the ordeal of a special committee, con- sisting of legal, mercantile, and other members. It was recommended by the Chamber of Commerce, and petitioned for by merchants, bankers, and others. It passed by an accident from one ses- sion to another, was before tho country duiingthe recess, was revivedinthescssion which followed, and then went through all its stages almost as a matter of form, as a bill which had been so carefully framed, examined, revised, and perfected, by legal talent and mercantile experience, that criticism was moro likely to injure than improve tho measure. It was in- troduced, however, .as a Trading Com- panies Bill, and it left Parliament as a " Companies Statute," repealing all pre- vious partnership bills, and embracing mining as well as trading associations. At what stage of its progress, at whoso in- stance, and for what reason, the change was made, are among the untold mysteries of the Lower House. Loft to its operation this carefully incubated bill is instantly found to be unworkable as regards a very numerous class of mining com- panies. Valuable to trading associations, where the capital is large, and especially serviceable in its clauses for the wind ing-up of unfortunate schemes, it sur- rounds the formation of small com- panies-such as abound on the gold- fields-with so many restrictions, heaps up expenses so largely, and limits the power of management so seriously, that practically the measuro is use- less. It absolutely bristles with penal- ties, and we have the common in- former obtruding in almost eveiy clause. The mining interest has beeu seriously damaged by litigation-but this bill provides a very feast for the eagles of the law. It was a mistake to extend the operation of the bill to small mining associations It will as effectually pre- vent the formation of prospecting companies, in which capital and labour associate together, as if its main object had been to prevent any further search for gold, either on Crown or private land. So apparent aro tlie defects of the mea- sure that the resuscitation of Pyke's Act lias aheady been proposed to the Assem- bly, and a remedy must be found, cither by that means, or by a clause in tlie fragmentary mining bill which the Ministry aro disposed to make law this session-probably to undo again in the next. It is quite clear that a continuance of this vain labour of legislation will be an unmitigated evil. So much motion, and so little progress, would exhaust the vital energy of tho most robust constitu- tion. The appointment of a Parliamentary draftsman has been provided for, but this officer will be able to lend little real assistance unless the forms of both Houses are altered in such a way as to permit the interposition of his services before a measure goes up for the Royal assent. At present, the draftsman re- ceives his instructions from tho law officers, and when the bill, he draws is placed in their hands, his respon- sibility ceases. The work runs the gauntlet of both Houses, subject to the tinkering of a hundred legislators, all ambitious to mako the woik perfect, but whose " prentice hand" moie often mars than improves. With- out special training in the business of legislation, and moved, perhaps, by the chance suggestion of tho moment, their veiy industry becomes harmful. If the bill is introduced by a private member, tho case is still worse. It is framed, probably, with little knowledgo of the law bearing on tho subject, or of the meaning which a legal student, ac- customed to strict interpretations, would place upon the language employed. Or it is copied from the statute-book of some other colony, and adapted with only a sentimental appreciation of the character of the want which it is pro- posed to supply. There seems no easier or more certain remedy for this state of matters than to secure the very best legal talent available, at whatever cost, and to give to the Parliamentary draftsman the examination of all bills, after they have passed through both Houses. It would bo this officer's duty to see that the various clauses of these bills aro harmonious, that they are sufficient to cany out the cxpiessed views of Parliament, and that they do not convey a mean'ng or confer a power which it was not intended to convey or confer. It is possiblo that such an arrangement would occasion a delay of some days or weeks between the close of the business and the official piorogation of Parliament; but it is better that such an interregnum should occur than that our legislation should continue to be, as it has been hitherto, ¿^succession of blunders. Eaily on the morning of Saturday, the 'th iost., at tho Ice Company's establish- ment, in TTranklin-Btrcet, the first salmon WOB hatched in Victoria On that morning tlie tiny thing was Been emerging from his With-bjg. The operation lasted o long time, but after Eome hours of struggling, the little ieh woBfree, and fairly entered upon the second ?Etage of Lis existence-as a parr. During yesterday ho was in a very lively state, and though his huge umbilical appandage ap- peared to prevent a high degree of activity except in wriggling, ho evinced overy symptom of health. Small as he ia, ho has established the success of the experiment so far that the existence of a live calmon in Aastialla has bicorne a fuct. Many others of the ova appear on the verge of hatching. There were only seven deaths yesterday morning. Tasmania bas beatsn Victoria, however, ia this race, the first salmon having escaped from his birth-bag in the ponds on the Plenty Uiver, on Thursday morning la3t. This juvenile stranger wa3 preceded hy a trout, which carno to life in the trout- pond there ou the previous day. The Hobart Toan Mercury of the Gth inst, from which we learn some of theso factp, states that the young fish wore doing well, and many moro seemed about to emorgo from the ova. The trout are to b3 placed in North-WcBt Bay Rivulet, BO as to give tho salmon a better chance in tho Derwent in after years. A ceremony which it is to ha hoped will become much more frequent in the future took place ou Saturday last, at the yards of the South Melbourne Shipbuilding Company. It was the launch into the Yarra of a fine colonial- built ¡.chooner, of eighty tons register. Sho was built by W. Knight and Co., a sort of joint-stock firm, composed of working sbip-caipentera, who! some timo since set up an establishment on the south bank of the Yarr», opposite Batmnn's-hill, The schooner is, moreovor, altogether of colonial mate- rial, save her knees, which are of iron. Her framing is of redgum, her planking of blue- gum, and her decking of Kauri pine. Her length of keel is 70ft. ; length over all, 75ft. ; beam, 18ft. ; and depth of hold, 9ft, Sho is meant for the intercolonial trade, and adapted for quick passages, her capacity to carry cargo being estimated at 150 tons. Mr. Knight waa formerly a member of a similar ship building association at Dundee, which built tho Koh-i-noor and several other bigh-cloes Dundee boats in the Australian trade ; and he and some comrades, who came to Victoria together, built the first vessel ever launched on the Yarra, this being the second, The launch took placo very suc- cessfully in all respects ; but there wa3 no christening, the honour of naming her being left to whoever may be her purchaser. Wo leam from a gentleman who has just arrived from Ccopsr's Creek, which ho left six weeks ago, and who followed a track from tho crook to the Upper Darling to the eastward of that taken by Mr. Howitt on his relieving expedition, that very great rains have fallen in the interior, ou the high land at the head of the Paroo, and tho head waters of the Warrego. The floods, in fact, which havo prevailed in Queensland have extended into tho centre of the continent, though they have not reached southwards of Fort Bourke. When our informant Etruck tho margin of the flood, ho was forced to construct a small canvas boat, and was thrto days in reaching the main course of the Darling. At Fort Murchison, thiee weeks ago, the Darling was estimated as being from Blxty to seventy miles wide. The river had then fallen a little, however, and the woist was considered over. Nearly tho whole of tho houses of tho settlers vvero surrounded by wat3r, and the inmates wero forced to tho upper Etories and roof«. In almost all cases on this side of Fort Bourke, stores had been removed in time beyond the reach of tho watara. Mr. R. Riid, at Talarno, had lost a flock of sheep, hut tho ICBBCS of stock generally were less than might have been apprehended. The mailman had not been able to go farther than Talarno, and could cot get nearer to Menindie than sixteen milts. Menindie, however, is situated on rising ground, and no apprehensions wero entertained regarding the Bettlers there. At Kallara all was right, bot a number of rams had to bo carried by boat to a placo of safety. At that station a rude boat was built, in which our informant came down tho river. The story of the murder of Mr. Dowling and his shepherds on the Paroo River was disproved, No one had been injured lhere, and the story had apparently oiiginahd with the blacks themselves, and had arisen out of ono of their Lumber having thrown two or tbreo spears at one of Mr. Dowling's men. At Killara, on the lath ult. tbo Darling had fallen about a foot. The Bendigo Indcßendent of Saturday last states that a patty of minera, who hold what is called a " road claim" in High-street, Sand- hurst, havo taken from it gold woiih not ICES than £3,000. The Invercargill Daily News of the 23th ult., in a leading article, dwells with great satis- faction on tho success of tho effort to trans port live ova of salmon from British to Aus- tralian waters. News of tho ai rival of tho Norfolk had then reached Southend. Thero wore at the Central Gaol on Friday last:-Awaiting trial at the Supremo Couit, 0 malcp, 2 females ; before magistrates, 9 malep, 3 females. Under sentence of death (recorded), 1 male ; on tho road ging, l8 males ; at hard labour, 106 males, 7 femalc3 ; im- prisoned, C3 male?, C9 females ; lunatic?, 2 males. Detained for bail, 0 males, 3 femaloB. Debtors, 7 males. Detained for contempt of court, 1 male. Total, 222 males, 75 femaleB. A correspondent, now on tho bankB of tho river Molyncux, in Otase-from whose letters we have on previous occasions made extracts writes as follows, the letter being dated tho 18th ult. :-"Last Thursday wo were all ablo to get one day's work, not out of mi worked ground exactly, but by dealing away the face, which waB composed of tailings, with a little wash-dirt amongst it, and imperfectly worked bottom. In my claim I made lOdwt. in tho forenoon, and7dwt. in about two h oui 3 in tho afternoon, when tho river broke in and flooded the working*. The general run of the claims in this neighbourhood on that day was from 8dwt. to ICdwfc. Tho day was par- ticularly hot and sultry, with a northerly wind ; and though we had no rain here, some must havo fallen up the country, as by tho following morning the river had risen eighteen inche?, at which lovel it hoi re- mained up to this time (Sunday evening). The weather remains still far too hot to expect a fall again t'H a change takes place. In fact, it is much walmer than at any time during tho Bummer, with tho exception of a stray day or two. I was surprised to find tho wash-dirt was not the pebbly gravel usual in liver bottome, but a very light clayey eand, on closing a fow round stones and angular frag- ments of rock, though this may bo exceptional, as where I happened to commence the b id-rock was dipping into the river at a high angle. Upon the whole, the appearance is very pro- mising, OB it is yet very early in the season, and probably in another week work may be resumed again. I believe, if the season is favourable, there will b3 more genere! success upon this river than upon any known work- ings hitherto, the drifts being continuous all the v ay from litre to Dunstan. A largo par centage of the gold is of tho minutest character penible, tbo individual eco'ee tsing scarcely pcrcepliblo to tho naked eye, and aggregated together, hanging in yellow ûlinB around the dish. Much, of course, must bo lost by tho cradle that pasBea away in tho muddy water, never touching the blankets. To rectify this to a email extent, I have made a now cradle, like a square box, out of an old pot tor case, the elides and bottom of which are twenty inches broad, so as to distribute the water orer as large a surface as possible. The water of the river is too cold to use quicksilver cradles, hut I propose eventually to wash my blankets luto a tub, and amalgamate the contents prior to washing off. It is well known here that, should the rlvor workings b3 successful this season, next spring will witness a large emigration from this province. Tho Queens- land and Sydney gold-fields aro both much talked of amonsst the diggers ; and it is im- politic of the preBS in your colony to throw cold water in the way of colonists intending or willing to return, with both the deliro and the means to prospect for gold, if a fair field be placed before them." An interesting match, with carbines served out by Government, came off at the St. Kilda Butts on Saturday, b2twcen Gunner Grim- wood, of the Metropolitan Artillery, and Cor- poral Buirowe, of the Emerald-bill Corp3. Such of our readers Who ara interested in volnnteer mattcis «ill recol'ect that on the dtb of July last a challenge cup, tho gift of Colonel Anderson, was fired for at the Sand- ridge Bntts, tbo winner of which was liable to be challenged once in three months by other competitors, and would have to win the prize three consecutive times before be could be fully entitled to ita ownership. Circum- stances occurred which prevented tho looked for rivalry coming to on issue until the 20th of March last, when twelve competitors met at Hawthorn, to determine who should enter tho lists against the finit claimant. On that cccasion Gunner Greenwood was successful, and, after two postponements, it was arranged by the volunteer authorities that tho second match should como off at St. Kilda, under the direction of Captain Stokci. The well known reputation of the competitors as marksmen attracted a fair attendance of thoso interested in the volunteer movement, but the weather wai anything but favourable to the expectation of seeming a largo score. A high wind prevailed, and a glaio pervaded the line of sight. The shooting, though not so good as on some occasions, was better than might bo anticipated under such advorso cir- cumstances. The distances were 2C0 yards, 300 yards, áCO yards, and CCO yards, five rounds to each range. The highest score was forty-one, obtained by Gunner Grimwood, who beat his opponent by eight point?. Last year Burrows scored forty-six, and Grimwood forty. The latter, however, has been atten- tively practising, which will probably account for his improvement and success. A meeting of Common School teachers was held on Saturday, at the Mechanics' In- stitute, for the purpose of considering the desirability of foiming a teachers' associa- tion. The proceedings vvcro of a preliminary character, and therefore were conducted in private. Mr. Stuit, P.M., begs to acknowledge tho receipt from Mr. Thos. Butobarfc of £1 Is., for Mrs. Roberts, whoso pitiful case was lately advocated in The Argus. The City Council will hold ih quarterly ! meeting at noon to-day. At a meeting of tbo Church of England Building Committeo forEastCollingivood, held in St. Philip's Schoolroom on Wednesday last, the following additions to the subscription list for the erection of the parish church wero announced :-W. T. T., £1 ; Mr. J. Evans, £1; collected hy Mrs, Cook, 7s. 6L; A Friend. 10s. ; Mr. J. B. Andrews, £2 ; Messrs. Dyer and Co., £1 ; Mr. Alcock, £1 ; Mr. Walker, Vic- toria-street, £1 ; Mr. J. Schutt, £1 Is. ; Mr. Taylor, Is. ; Mr. Hook, 10j.; and £1 Is., from Mr. R. C Swift, Willow-tree Inn, in aid of tho Church and Church Building Funds. It was also decided that tho Sunday evening seivices held in St. Philip's Schoolroom should com- mence at half-past six during the winter months. The Parliamentary buslnen of last week may be thus summed up :-lu the Loglslativo Council, the Merchandise Marks Bill has been read a second time, the amendment recom- mended by Governor's me3sago has been ruado in the Printing Laws Consolidation Bill, and the Pensions Bill has been read a first time. In tho Legislative Assembly, some Anther progress has been made with the In- dustrial and Reformatory Schools Bill, which now awaits only the endowment clause to pass through committeo ; the Government motion to alter the scale of licence fees in the Publicans Bullías bïcn carried, with a slight modification ; the educational vote for £125,000, and a few other votes, have been agreed to; Eome sixty clauses of the Mining Bill have been dealt within committee; tho Dog Act Amendment Bill, tho Weights and Measuies Act Amendment Bill and Mr. Macgregors Electoral Act (1803) Amendment Bill have each been read a Eecond timo ; and a Bill to Limit the Liability of Mining Part- nerships has bcon brought in and read a first time. Tlie Otago Daily Times of tho 20th ult. states that " a gentleman who arrived at Auckland as a passenger by tho Mary and Edith, from California, brought with him twenty pairs of quails, an ant eater, a fox, and a musk pig. As soon as it was known to His ExrcPincy that they had arrived, he pur- chased them for the benefit of tho colony." The Times adds:-"New Zealand has to thank Sir George Groy for tho encourage- ment which ho has given to the acclimatiza- tion of birds and animals." Tho escort which reached Dunedin on the 19th ult. brought down 22,214oz. from tho gold-fields in tbe following proportions: Queenstown, G,817oz, lOdwt. ; Arrow, 2,229oz. ; Dunstan, 4,479oz. ödwt. ; Mount Ida, 017oz. ; Mount Benger, 887cz. 15Jwt. ; Hamilton's, 2,71702. ; Tuapeka, 2,230oz. ; Waitahuun, 287oz. lOdwt. ; Woolshed, 259uz. lOdwt, ; M*nu hirikia, l.CSDoz. lOdwt. Total, 22,214oz. A large yitld of gold-thirteen ounces per ton, from twenty-one tons of quartz- has lately been obtained from tho Monitor Claim on LÍBIC'B Reef, Tarrengower. We understand that tho Rov. W. Hondor Eon, of Ballarat, who acted as chaplain to the Presbyterian portion of tho volunteer force at tho annual encampments, is to deliver the second lecture of the course in aid of the St. Kilda Artillery Coips' orderly-room, in the Town-hall there, on Monday evening, loth lust. The subject is one which will bs generally interesting-" General Stonewall Jackson." Aquatic amusements on the YaTra wera de- void of intereston Saturday afternoon, though some of the rowing club3 turned out for a lit- tle exercise. This month, however, is not likely to pass over without one or two matcheä, after the success which attended the events which carno oil' a few days ago. The cricket-match between eleven and twenty-two membeu of tho Melbourne Cricket Club, which waB to havo been commenced on Saturday, was postponod, in consequence of tbe wet and miry state of tho ground. A portion of tho Richmond paddock, outside tho ground, was in a better condition, and several members of the club had some lively picctice there, in the course of tho afternoon. The Hobart Tcwn Mercury, of tho dth inst., has the following fiom Spring Bay :-" On Friday lost, a singular phenomenon in the piscatory line was observed from the shores surrounding Prosser'« Bay. During tho whole of the day the bay in question, and as far as the eye could ECO, was invaded by myriads of poipoises, cloEcly and hotly pursued by the piscivorous tribe commonly called ' killers.' So determined wiro the pursucrp, and so reck- less the pursued, that large numbers of the rorpoiseB ran ashore on different parts of the Letch. About Mxty wore secured within a radius of two miles by three parties who ob sei ved the fish making for the beach, and secured them before the tldo floated them away. There is no doubt that a few activo men aimed with applianccB for securjng tho fish cculd have destroyed a voBt numb;r," An Acclimatisation Society wai formed in Christchurch on. the 10th ult, and a public meeting to inauguiate the society was to bo held on the 25th ultimo. At the pieliminary meeting, his Honour tho Superintendent pre- sided, and Messrs. Wold, Stcddart, Torlesse, Tiaverp, Wakefield, M'Kay, Dr. Haast, and the Ven. .Archdeacon Mathias, took part in the proceedings. By the Mctaris we havo file3 from Tort Louis (Mauritius) to the 24th of March. We have our files from Hobait Town to the Glh ¡net, and Launceston to the 7th inst. The Ixaminer quotes a letter from a Tasmanian, now at Ballarat, who states that ho expect* to raise tbo necessary capital there to work tho Mangana Reef at Fingal. The Launceston Examiner of the 7th Inst. has tho following on dit:-"Patt of the ' policy'of the coming session of Parliament is to grant a civil list t3 the Governor, adequate to provide tor household offices. It is considered inconvenient by His Excel- lency's adviseis that the ear of the court should bo accessible to thoso in whoso political devotion they have no confidence. Tho Minister of the Robes is already designated, and no difficulty, it is said, will be found about the ladles of the bedchamber. A Mr. Grant (a momber of the Lower HOUBO) is reported as Master of Ceremonies." About four months ogo, the ladies and gon tlemen connected with fit. Luke's Church, Emerald-hill, finding that the church was in debt for current cxponses, &c;, and bjins d,'3irous of securing the means of paying for an organ, now building in London to the order of the churchwardens and veBtry, came to a detcimination to hold a bazaar, and so raiBo funds to be oppllcd as above, and in case of a surplus, to lho purchase of a bel' and the permanent seating of the lately erected transept. Tho effort thus decided on was Boon commenced, and on Tuo3day, 17th May next, and following days, the bazaar will be held in tho Mechanics' Insti- tute, Ceoll-etreet. The stalls, wo are assured, will te well supplied with all sorts of domestic uteiiBilB.'aiticles of ladies' handiwork, paint- ings, statuettes, engravings, jewellery, and the oddB and ends that usually find willing purchasers on such crcasiona. There is more- over to be aconcertevery evening, and a num- ber of ladies and gentlemen aro pleasantly busy in rehearsing favourite glees, madrigals, and part-Bongs to enliven the proceedings. An amateur band will he in attendance, and Mr. King, the pianist, has been engagoJ. Oiher amusements, in the shape of galvanic batterie?, microscopes, curiosities, and raffles will be provided. On Ftiday night lest, about half-past eleven o'clock, a waggoner, named Mark Wichena, was driving his team along the Sydney road, near Donnybrook. He was seated on his vehicle, and while endeavouring to disen- tangle his whip, ho lost his balance and fell. The wheels passed over both legs, producing a compound fracture of the left, and a simple fracture of the right log. In this deplorable condition ho was removed to the Melbourno Hospital, where he is doing as well as could be expected. The Danes of Ballarat aro following in the wake of thoso of their countrymen who have already commenced to collect subscriptions for the relief of the Danish sufferers by tho war in Schleswig-Holstein. A meeting on the subject was held in Ballarat on Saturday evening. " An impudent robbery," says the Ballarat Star, " was committed at the rosidenca of Mr. O. W. Sherard, warden, on Thursday last. A box containing jewellery, to the value, it is repoited, of over Í2T0, was stolen from the drawer of a dressing-table in one of the bed- rooms. The their, it is supposed, had been committed by lifting tho window of the bed- room, as the dressing-table WOB Bituated im- mediately beneath it." At tho Emerald-hill Police Court, on Satur- day, John Coxon, of the Great Britain Hotel, was fined 20J. for having kopt his house open for the sale of liquors on tho previous Sunday. The .defendant, on hearing the sentence, ironically thanked the magistrates, and re- marked, " That was a fino way of advertising" his business. IIo was then recalled, and tho fine doubled in amount, with the addition of 5s. costs. John Walsh and Hugh Darling wore fined 2s. Cd. each, with 2¿. 6d. costs, for allowing cows belonging to thom to wander uucared for. The mayor and Dr. Haig were the presiding magistrates. Mr. Candlor, district coroner, held an in- quest at tho Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, on Saturday last, on the body of Peter Carson, a lunatic, who had been brought to tho place la July last. The deceased was forty-two years of age, and shortly after adml'slon, began to suffer frcm dropsy and patey. On tho llth of December, he took to his bad, which he scarcely left afterwards till his death, which tcok place early on Saturday morning. These fads vvtre Btated in evidence by Dr. Allan, the resident surgeon. John Stebbings, attendant, deposed to the poor fellow (who was a com- plete idiot) receiving every comfort, including that of lying on a water bed, which was kept dry and clean, so that there were no bed sores. Mr. Keene, surgeon, who made a post-mortem examination of the deceased, deposed that death was caused by disease of the heart and dropsy. A verdict to that effect was returned by the jury. The Divorce and Matrimonial Court was occupied until late on Saturday afternoon in hearing the concluding portions of the evi- dence and argument in Terry v. Terry and Murcutt, Mr. Murcutt denied in the strongest manner the statements and conduct attri- buted to him. Five witnesses-Mr. Cunning- ham, a partner in the late firm of Murcutt, Terry, and Co, Mary Ann Burns (a nurse girl), Mrs. Goodwin (a lodginghouse-keeper), and two others, and the respondent herself, gave evidence which weakened the case of the petitioner. Their Honours reserved judge- ment, which will probably be delivered this morning. It is proposed that the boroughs of West and East Ballarat shall unite, and obtain an act of incorporation for Ballarat, such as Melbourne and Geelong possess jointly. Tho borough councils hold a joint meeting this evening to discuss the question. Tho labours of an artist who has chosen singular material on which to work, Bre thus noticed by tho Ararat Advertiser:-" We have just examined a lcsal woik of art executed after tho st) lo of a wood engraving, which i i not only very curious, but which reflects the highest credit on tho pationco and skill of the artist. Tho design-' Delilah ontreating for- giveness of Sampson'-is exesutad on a large board of chaired cedar, tho shading of tho picture being wondei fully well represented by the varying darkness of tho hoard from tho black char of the surface to tho soft shado of that portion of the cedar which is unin- fluenced by the action of the fire ; thus the deersr tbo graver worked, tho tint became tho lighter, till he obtained the pure cedar shado for a groundwork ; of this colour also the pro- minent objects of the engraving therefore par- took, giving the whole a closo resemblance to an oil painting of considerable a¿o. Wo may state that the work ia by a Mr. Leaf, a minor, wLo resides at AtmBtiongp, and who occupied his leisure hours in engraving tho design. Mr. Leaf exhibited this evidence of hi j handi- craft at the last agricultural show, and then it was generally mistaken for an oil painting." By tbe steamship Alhambra, Captain M'Lean, which airived on Saturday morning, wo Lave our files from Dunedin to the last day of April. The Alhambra brought nearly 800 passengers, and over 29,000oz. of gold, of which 7,0C3oz. were transferred at once to the ship True BritOD, which sailed on Satur- day afterncon for London. We observe that a lush had Eet in to the river Pelorus, in tho province of Marlborough, and that the steam- ship Gothenburg had been laid on the berth for the port of Picton, to acoommodato the lushing diggers. The rivers were again in flcod, and the diggers seemed to b3 Impatient to gut away to a milder climate. Our dates from Invercargill by the Alhambra are also to the 30th ult. The ¿Vf ws says that on tho 18tb, a sale of waste lands took place, when 3,6C0 acres, chiefly in tho Aparima Hundred, were sold at prices tanging from 21s. to 50s. per acre. The roads seemed to bo in a bad state, as scarcely a number of the News ap- peared in which a coach accidont-seldom of any seriousness, however-wai not re- corded. It may he interesting to thoso who romem iDr the circumstances attending the wreck of n.M.'s ship Orpheus on the Mauukau Bar, to know that a handsome mural tablet to the memory of the officers who lo3t their lives on that occasion has just bsen completed by Messrs. Huxley and Parker, of this city. Tho work is intended for Hobart Town, and will be shipped for its destination within tho next ten days. The cost of tho tablet has been defrnyid by public subscription, and in addi- tion to the names of tho deceased officers, it boars tho following inscription :-" Tho in- habitants of Hobart Town havo orectod this tablet to commemorate the heroic conduct of all on board, who, under tho most appalling circumstances, preseivcd tbo strictest disci- pline to tho last moment of thoir livos; when the ship breaking up, the crow gava threo parting cheers; and the last words of tho gallant commodore were, 'The Lord havo mercy on us all.' " The tablet ia of marble, and the vvoikmanBhip is all that could have been desired. The Inglewood Advertiser says:-"The lambing ser-son, now some few weeks through, has passed mo3t favourably. Up to this timo from eighty-five to ninety per cent, of the in- crease has bcon saved, and judging from the character of the season, there seems littlo fear -of a diminution of the percentage. Tho young grass is well forward, and being protected by the heavy top growth of lost soason is not likely to be injuicd by the frosts." Mr. Birch's entertainment of tho " Holiday Trip" was reproduced at tho Polytechnic In- stitute on Saturday eveniug, beforo a crowded audience. After 6uch a career of success it wonld be superfluous to comment upon tho quality of tho performance, but it would seom that it bas not yet begun to pall upon tho public. The distribution of souvenirs at the conclusion also appeared to givo satisfaction. Mr. Birch meditates a visit to Adelaide, and his farewell appearances, which commenced on Saturday, are to continuo this and to- morrow evenings, at the Polytechnic. At tho Polico Court, at Queenscliff, on Wednesday, Henry Hoppon wis fined £1, and costs, for using a'sct net within one milo of the shore. The set nets, though they may interfere with the fishermen who use only the hook and line, bave this merit, that they do not destroy Email fish. Far greater harm IB done hy nets shot in creeks and ponds, where tho fish breed. In a Chinaman's basket, on Thursday, there were as many Bmall whiting as would when full grown fill an ordinary boat. These wero talton with a legal net shot in the swan ponds. An amended fishing net is much wanted, and It is hoped that intelligent men acquainted with fishing, and not tho fishermen thomBelves, will bo consulted when such an act is being framed. William Minter, a farmer at Tylden, was found dead in his house on Thursday morn- ing laBt, with a bullet-hole in his forehead, and a discharged pistol lying by his side. It it supposed that ho had committed suicide, as his affaii j were not in a prosperous state, and he had been obsirved to bo low-spiiited for some time past. No one lived in tho house with him. ne had formerly been tho master of a vessel, but having had a collision with mother vessel he had resigned his situation, and refused to command a ship again. The treasurer of tho Melbourne Hospital acknowledges tho receipt of £20 from tho HOD. J. D.Wood; £17 12*. Od. from Messrs. Thomas Fulton nud Co., and mon in their employ; and £10 10s., collided hythe Rov. Wm. M. Finn, at tho Roman Catholic Church, Heidelberg, in aid of the funds of that insti- tution. The collectors of theBenovolont Asylum bog to acknowledge tho sum of £2 per Mr. Vernon, from tho Curriers' Society, in aid of the funds of tho institution. The superintendent of tho Immigrants' Home, Prince's-bridge, desires to acknowledge tho following subscriptions to thofunds of the institution :-Mr. AMee, £2 2-1. ; Mr. Oliphant, £1 ; and Mr. Young, of the National Bank of Australasia, 10í. Wo learn from Wellington, by way of Otago, that Sir Francis Murphy has been named by nis Excellency tho Governor as the commissioner from this colony to assist in the dtî'berations which aro tDdotormino tho site of tho capilal of New Zealand. It is also stated that tho Hon. E. Decs Thomson will bo the commiEsioner who v.ill represent New South Wales. The Tasmanian com" missioner seems not to havo been named as yet. There was only one case at tho Sandiidgo Police Court on Saturday, and that a charge of duukenneis, tho offendor baing dealt with in the usual way. At Richmond Pol'ca Court, on Saturday, Christopher B. Wallace, the " Bl udder Bones'1 of the Ttnnesseo Minstrels, who had been sen- tenced at Fitzroy Polico Court on Monday latt to twclvo months' imprisonment, for stealing, was brought up on a writ oí habeas corpus, charged with stealing a sofa and pillow from the Hon. A. M'Crae, M.L.O. Ton other charges of Eteallng were brought against the prisoner, who seems to havo been posseesed with a most extraordinary spirit of acquisi- tiveness, and to whom nothing scjmed to como amiss, from a Bofa to a saltsoller. After evidence had been taken, and the various stolen nrticles identified, tho prisoner, who objected to tho Bench dealing with bim sum- marily, was committed for trial at the next Criminal Sittings of tho Supremo Court on tho charges already mentioned, and on the following other*, namely:-Stealing a mirror, a jug, two ornaments, two chairs, and a pieco of damask, tho proporty of Thomas Davis, of tho "Vino Hotel; stealing two pictures, belonging to John Dobbs, of tho Star and Garter Hotel ; and stealing niuoty threo opossum skins, and thirty-ono native cat skins, tho property or Joseph Robert". The remaining charges against tho prisoner wero mostly of a similar character, but tlioy wero not proceeded with. Roderick Green, who was suspected of being an accomplice of the prisoner, was also accused of stealing various articles from tho Vino Hotel. The Bench considered, however, that hoiwas morely made a tool of by the wily " Bones," and dis- charged him. James York, landlord of the Vktcrin Hotel, was complained against by the police, for that he did on Monday ovoning Imtrcrniit and suffor his licensed house to be uccd for entertainments of the stage, and admif sion to bo procured by payment of money, without authority from the Chief Secretary. The "stage entertainment" was a concert, concluding with a farce, given by the Tennesseo Minstrels, a troupo of "Ethiopians," and, sin&alatly; onough, the name of the prisoner Wallace, as "Brudder Bones "and principal tenor, was largely dis- played on the postéis announcing the per- formance. Police-sergeant Ward testified to the nature of the cnteitainmont, and to the fact of money being taken for admission. Tho Bench hold the offence proved, and fined the defendant £10; or, in default, four- teen days' impiisonmcnt. Maiy Tomlinson, charged with stealing a picco of cloth valued at 9s. Cd., from Wm. D:naldson, was sent to gaol for fourteen days: and Alfred T. Gal- braith, for unlawfully assaulting Samuel Kcrfoir, waa fined 10s. A chargo against William Armstrong, for ¡HcgpHy detaining thrco horses, the propel ty of Patrick Cal- laghan, was dismissed ; and Susan Jones, ac- cused of having stolen property in her pos- session, was discharged. Ia the caso J. B. Bodgton v. Catherine Birth, au action to re- cover possession under Brewster'^ Act, the summonB was dismissed, with 42a. costs Mr. Philip Johnson and Mr. Septimus Martin were the magistrates on the bench. If the attendance at the Hay markot Thoatro on Saturday evening be taken as a criterion, wo may infer that the opera of " Faust" ia increasing in public favour, and likely to obtain that popularity hero which hes at- tended its representations elsewhere The pcifoimers seem now well up ia thoir dif- ferent parts, and the choruses go much moro smoothly and more correctly than before. The eoldiors' chorus wa9 again en- cored, and Madame Escott's songs wero received with enthusiasm. The opera of " Lucia di Lammermoor" is annouueed for this evening. It is a favourite hore, and will doubtless be well patronized. " Charles the Twelfth, or the Siege of Stral sund " and " Lucretia Borgia," were played at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. Thero was a very good house. For tho drama there was a gocd cait, and the success which attended its presentation must havo been highly satisfactoiy to all engaged in it. Mr. Heir made a capital representativo of the blunt, war-loving King ; and Mr. Fitzgerald WOB quite nt homo as FlrmpM, othorwiso Major Vanborg. It would be difficult to find a better representative of Adam Brock, tho "wealthy farmor in the island of Rugen," than Mr. Lamhcit. As In almost everything that versatile actor dc:s,ho identified himself thoroughly with the part, and ho had the audience with him from beginning to end. Mr. Ireland was an acceptable Captain Gus tavus do Mervelr, and Mr. Charlc3 Young contrived to make a good deal of fun out of tho character of Tiiptolemus Muddlowork, burgomaster of Circow. Miss Roso Edouin mado an interesting Ulrica, daughter to Van berg; whilo Miss Earl played capitally as Eudiga, the daughter of Adam Brock. Of the play, we havo already had occasion to bpcak. 