THURSDAY, FEBRUARY l8, 1861. In the Legislativo Connell yesterday, The third reading of the Trading Com- panies Bill was made an order of the day for Tuesday next. Mr. MiTOUEtiT, moved that leave of absence for twelve months be given to Mr. Strachan, which was agreed to. On the motion of Mr. Cor.-, a return was ordered of the amount of money expended in constructing and repairing public piers and wharfs. The Council then adjourned till Taesday next. * In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. ANDERSON gave notice that, to-morrow, he would ask the Treasurer whether he In- tended to apply to the Imp »lal Governmont by the outgoing mail for a steamer or block ship in connexion with the defences of the port. The Instruments and Securities Bill, and the Trußti and Trastees Bill, worere- oom niitted, amended, and reported. The House then went into committee on the Land Act Amendment Bill. On the 1st clause, Mr. M'MAHON stated that it had not boon expected by many membora that the second reading would be taken last night. He had intended to move the adjournment of the de- bate, but had accidentally missed the oppor- tunity of doing so. Mr. HOUSTON suggested that a consolidating Land Bill should be brought in. Mr. DUFFY asked for some explanation of the 5th clause, giving laud to volunteers. The grant should be for special merit only. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM said it was intended the grant should be restricted to effectives, and it was intended to provide tho necessary restric- tions by regulations. Mr. O'SHANASSY thought the clause might be struck out, and the subject dealt with in a separate bill at some future time. If land were to be given in this way, it would be better to discuss the question of a militia at once. Mr. ANDERSON thought the present the boat time to discuss this question, and supported the clause. If the douse were thrown out it would have an io jurions effect on tho force, Mr. WOOD was afraid his hon. friend had done injustico to his brother volunteers. If every person who did somo service to the country wore to be rewarded, where would they draw the line ? The great bulk of the volun- teers would sell their lands, and it would be better, therefore, to give tho reward in money. Mr. V-itDON reminded the House that the volunteer force was the main reliance of the -colony in case of invasion, while in England it was merely subsidiary. A militia force would be less effective and more expensive, and the coat of Imperial troops would fat exceed that of the voluateeis, even if this clause passed. Mr. MOLLISON did not understand why tlili subject was mixed up with a bill to amend the Land Act. Ho should prefer to see t small paid force supplemented by tho volun teors. This was essentially a money voto and it WBB beyond the powers of the Houst to vote an indefinite sum in this way. Hi would support the Government if a dlstinc proposition were made separately to rowarc the volunteers in a proper manner. After some remarks from Mr. Levey, Mt Haines, Mr. Snodgrass, Mr. Heales, Mi Morton, Mr. Johnston, Mr. Wright, Mi Tucker, Mr. Smyth, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Loader and Sir Francis Murphy, The clause was amended, and agreed to b; 25 to 8. On the 8th clause, Mr. DDFPV argued that it revived the whol of the occupation licences which had b.en n.: plied for but refused, for various reasons, an did not merely enable tho Board of Lind an Works to issue the Crown grant where it ha been refused beoause the land was aurl ferons. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM could not assume, as th bon. member did, that the Board woul allow those personB to remain In illegal po session of the lands. Mr. DUFFY said no steps had been taken fe their ejection. Mr. EiaiNBOTHAM said as the clause stood ' liccnco-feo could bo exacted from those per-one. The oíanse was amended to meet Mr. Duffy's views, and agreed to. On the 9th clause, Mr. M'MAIION desired to place on record his dissent from the proposal contained in this and the following clauses, which entirely changed the system of alienation of Crown lands, prevented capitalists from investing in land, and made the Government a landlord on a large scale. Mr. HiaiNBOTHAM said the bill Introduced by the Government of which the bon. and gallant member was a member was of tho same character in this respect. Mr. MICHIE also replied to the hon. member for West Bourke, reminding him that the squatters themselves were but lessees. After some discussion, in which Mr. O'sha- nassy, Mr. Verdon. Mr. Anderson, Mr. Michie, Mr. Heales, Mr. M'Mahon, and Mr. John- ston took part, Progress was reported, at the instance of Mr. Brodribb. Mr. WOO.B' motion, with reference to the hours of the Civil Service, lapsed. The Assembly then adjourned. "We are forcibly reminded, by the re- ceipt of the volume of Statistics of New Zealand for 1862, of the loss which we sustain by the non-appearance, until a date so long subsequent to that to which they relate, of these annual records of material progress. For some time past New Zealand has been peculiarly interesting to us, both on account of the deplorable hostilities in which she is engaged, and the gold discoveries wliich have attracted so many of our own people to her shores. We have now, it is true, ceased to feel alarm, either on the score of serious com- petition in the gol«3 market, or permanent reduction of our population; but there was a time when very serious apprehen- sions were entertained on each of these points. Authentic statistics, drawn, like these, from trustworthy sources, would at that time have been very welcome ; but now the only interest attaching to them is purely historical. What valid reason can be assigned for a delay of more than a year in the publication of these returns we are at a loss to imagine. The labour involved in their preparation being distributed over all the depart- ments of Government, the work of condensing, arranging, and passing them through the press, is all that remains for the Kegistrar-General to do j and surely, if a proper system has been organized, six months at furthest is time enough for this part of the work to occupy. With the census of a country like England, for example, where large masses of figures have to be collected, tabulated, and analyzed, and elaborate investigations undertaken into a vast number of col- lateral subjects, there is some excuse for delay in publishing the results. But where all that is involved is the social and commercial statistics of a community of 100,000 persons, we may reasonably look for something like promptness in their publication. It would not be just, however, to confine these remarks only to the case of New Zealand, which is not a bit more dilatory in these matters than the rest of the Australasian colonies. But though their value is greatly im- paired by their late appearance, there is still much in' these returns which we shall find it important to know. Two points will naturally attract the greatest attention in this colony-tho statistics of population and of the yield of gold. With regard to the first of these subjects, we learn that the population of Now Zealand 'increased during 1862, from 102,021 to 125,812 persons, of which number 79,680 were males, and 46,132 females. The province which shows the most rapid rate of progress, is Southland, which increased its population from 1,820 to 3,455, or 89 per cent., in one year. Next to Southland comes Otago, which added 15,425 persons to its already large numbers, and had, in December, 1862, a population of 45,588, or an increase of 51 per cent. Though not so attractive as Southland and Otago, most of the other provinces exhibit respectable pro- gress. Canterbury increased its popula- tion at the rate of 27 per cent. ; Auck- land, 13 per cent. ; Nelson, 11 per cent. ; Wellington, 8^ per cent. ; and even unfortunate Taranaki, 8 per cent. Hawke's Bay is the only province which exhibits diminished numbers-it de- creased to the extent of three persons. As might be expected, New Zealand has derived the major part of this large addition to her numbers from the excess of immigration over emigration. The total number of immigrants who arrived by sea amounted to 34,290 souls, in- cluding 25,072 adult males, 5,571 adult females, and 3,647 children. The emi- gration by sea amounted to 13,299 souls, of whom 12,525 were adult males, 478 adult females, and the remainder children. There was thus a clear balance of 20,991 immi- grants in favour of New Zealand ; of which number Otago obtained 14,058, Auckland 3,277, Canterbury 2,768, Southland 517, Nelson 271, Wellington 99, and Hawke's Bay 3, Taranaki showed an excess of emigration over immigration to the extent of 2 persons. A classification of the immigration ac- cording to the countries from which the immigrants came, shows that 25,314 persons, or more than seven- tenths of the whole number, were drawn from the Australian colonies, and 8,747 persons from the United Kingdom ; but the 'analysis is not carried far enough to enable us to give sepa- rately the numbers derived from Vic- toria. The emigrants who left New Zealand had the Australian colonies for their destination in 12,574 cases, and the United Kingdom in only 371 cases. The destination of 22,972 of the persons who left the Australian colonies was Otago, and of this number 19,322 were adult male«. It is gratifying to find, however, that 11,326 of them came back again in the course of the year. As regards the second point, to which we have alluded, the yield of gold, we find, by the table of exports, that 410,862oz. of gold-dust, valued at £1,591,389, were exported during the year 1862. Of this quantity, 399,201oz., valued at ¿£1,546,905, was the produce of the gold-fields of Otago, while those of Nelson produced 10,422oz., value £40,386 ; and those of Auckland con- tributed l,239oz., value £4,098. A summary of the quantity and value of the gold exported from New Zealand between the 1st April, 1857, and the 31st December, 18G2, gives tlie total quantity of gold raised in the colony at 640,7 38oz., and its value at £2,482,160 sterling. To this imposing total, Otago "contributed 586,897oz., of the value of £2,274,227 ; Nel- son, 52,248oz., - valued at £202,643 ; and Auckland, l,593oz. value £5,470. The prices of provisions on , the gold-fields of Otago do not pre- sent the startling results that might have been expected. Wheat was only sixpence a bushel dearer than at Auck- land; flour was actually cheaper; and bread was 2|d. the pound. Butcher's meat, though higher than in the other parts of the colony, was not dearer than it often is in London. Beef and mutton were lid. per pound, and pork Is. Id. per pound. The price of fat cattle was £17 10s, per head ; of a fat sheep, 30s. ; of a fat pig, £6. Fresh butter was 2s. 9d. per pound ; milk, 8d. the quart j and cheese, Is. Id. per pound ; but, on the other hand, beer, wine, brandy, tea, sugar, and tobacco, were cheaper than in several of the neigh- bouring provinces. A glance at the summary of facts prefixed to this volume, must convince the most sceptical how important an element gold has become in the future progress of New Zealand. The gold- fields of Otago havo done more to at- tract immigration to the colony than all the inducements which the Colonial Government could possibly devise. In the midst of an obstinate and san- guinary war, they havo raised it in a few years to a pitch of prosperity which, at its ordinary rate of progress, would havo required a quarter of a century to attain. In 1860, before the gold discoveries in Otago, the popu- lation of New Zealand consisted of 83,919 persons, of whom 12,691 were resident in Otago. In 1862, the total population had increased to 125,812 persons, and that of Otago to 45,588 persons. Again, in 1860, 8,935 immi- grants landed in New Zealand ; in 1862, 34,290 persons sought the shores of the Britain of the South. The imports of the colony, which in 1860 were valued at £1,548,333, were estimated in 1862 at £4,626,082, of which amount nearly one-half entered at the port of Dunedin alone. As to exports, their total value, in 1860, was £549,133, including 4,538oz. of gold, valued at £17,585. In 1862, their value had risen to £2,422,734, including 410,862oz. of gold, of the value of £1,591,389 sterling. Finally, the Customs revenue of New Zealand, which in 1860 produced £189,167, yielded £399,907 in 1862. Any fur- ther comment upon these facts would only detract from their significance. The Emperor of the FRKNCII is out of luck just now. Le jour de Van will scarcely bo a season of unmitigated con- gratulation at Coinpiëgne. At home and abroad the N.tpoleonic suscepti- bilities have met with some very un- pleasant rebuffs. The refusal of Eng- land to share in the collective diplomatic action that was to regenerate humanity, or, as the address of the French Senate has it, her refusal to accompany the EMPEROR to that areopagus invited to regenerate the European compact by the spirit of modern times, has ex- ploded the most favourite of the idées Napoléoniennes. " Good," says the EMPEROR, with admirable pathos, " is the sole motive of my actions. I " long for the moment in which the ?. great questions that divide Govern " ments and peoples may be settled by " arbitration. This desire was that of " the head of my family, when he wrote " at St. Helena-. Fighting in Europe is " civil war."' At home, the Imperial prestige has had to encounter a still ruder shock. Scarcely had the congra- tulations of the Senate died away on the anxiety of France to demonstrate the dynastic sentiment of the country, when the announcement is made that the Opposition had carried the election of the liberal deputy for the city of Paris by the enormous majority of six thou- sand votes. Nor is this all There is something peculiarly sinister to the repu- tation of the Government in the arith- metic of the returns. As far as can be gathered from the story of The Times conespondent, it appears by the figures, that comparing the present election with the preceding one six months ago, the Liberal candidate not only beat his opponent by some 6,000 votes, but that he won from him some 3,000 of his quondam supporters, which is as much as to say that some 3,000 partizans of the Government ' havo changed their minds within the period. Either this has hap- pened, or at the last elections the voting papers had been manoeuvred. In either case, the Government is impaled on a dilemma. Either it must acknowledge its former fraud and eat the leek, or it must deny the impeachment and admit a fearful loss of popularity. Close upon this mishap from the outside, comes the speech of M. THIERS within the walls of the Legislative Chamber. As an ora- torical display, and read in the weak form of a translation, its merits would scarcely be suggestive of the distin- guished author of Tlie History of the Consulate, but as a philippic uttered by the veteran leader of the hostile "forty" who face the benches of the Corps Législatif, its political significance cannot bo underrated. After urging economy on the EMPEROR, ho proceeds to declare himself a decided partizan of peace. "Under present circumstances, " when I look at Europe, I seo the pos " sibility of making tremendous mis " takes, fatal mistakes perhaps, but I " see no great French interest involved, " unless perhaps in regard to the Danish " question. I should not bo sorry if my " opposition were to stand in the way " of little wars, such as those of China, " Japan, Mexico, and possibly Madagas " car." But it is M. FOULD, after all,' the Imperial Treasurer, who hits the hardest blow at the Imperial policy. No courtly language can disguise the logic of numbers, and NAPOLEON'S Finance Minister has been at no poins to sugar-coat the pill Whatever con- fidence he may have in the re- sources of the country, he says bluntly that it is his " duty to call the EMPE " EOR'S attention to the importance of " the deficits," which amount in, round numbers to over £38,000,000 sterling. " This sum," confesses the Minister, " ex " ceeds the limits prudence imposes." In the course of the report it comes out that the expeditions to Cochin China and to Mexico together cost over ¿£10,000,000. Mexico, it is intimated, will be called upon to reimburse her share-soma £3,000,000 ; though, adds M. FOULD, we cannot afford to place the security of the national finances on the payment of her debt-an admission which doubtless met with due appreciation, when it is understood that JUAREZ has still ta bo finally crushed, and that Mexico must be kept under tho expensive protection of French bayonets for many a day to come. Upon the whole, after the most superficial survey of M. FOULD'S state- ment, it must be acknowledged that no document is more likely to influence tho condition of Europe. The EMPEROR, between his Minister and M. TIIIEKS, is fairly bound over to keep the peace Not that a NAPOLEON would on occa- sion hesitate to be above arithmetic, just as a certain Austrian Emperor in the fifteenth century claimed to be sux>ra-grammalicam. France, -with an- nual accumulations o£ more than ¿£60,000,000 sterling, has plenty of loanable capital, and, at a high rate of interest, would probably not be unwilling to lend it to the man to whom she is in a great measure indebted for it. The first novelty in the Land Act-tho volunteers' land-grant clause-was discussed for some hourn in the Legislative Assembly last night. As the clause originally stood, it was proposed that every non-paid member of the force who should serve for five years after the 1st of January last shoold reçoive a grant of fifty acres of Grown lands, as a re- cognition of his services. It was contendod that by far the greater number of the volun- teers were persons residing in towns, who would not settle on their grants, and that these members of the force would sell their grants, which might be bought up ia batches by capitalista. Sir Francis Murphy, on behalf of the force, stated that, whether the clause were passed or withheld, the force would equally do its duty, the only value of the proposition being the inducement it would hold out to the volunteers to continue their services for Buch a length of time as would make them thorough soldiers, and therefore most valuable to the conntry, Ultimately, the clause was amended, and agreed to as follows :-" All officers, non-commissioned officers, and mem- bers of the volunteer force of Victoria, not being on the paid staff of, or serving for pay in, the said force, sholl bo entitled, subjoct to such regulations and conditions as may ftom time to time be approved of by the Governor in Counoil and laid bcfoio both nooses of Parliament, to receive from the Board of Land and Works a certificate which sholl bo treated as equivalent to the sum of £50 to- wards the purchase-money or rent of any Crown landa to be thereafter purchased or leased by the holder of such certificate : pro- vided that no volunteer or person aforesaid shall be entitled to receive such certificate until he ha. served as an effective, under any regulations now or hereafter to be in force in the volunteer force of Victor!», for a period of not less than five years." The Legislative Assembly narrowly escaped a count-out last night before business had commenced. When the Speaker took the chair the only members present were Mr. Michie and Mr. Bichardson. The bells were rung, and nineteen members wero noticed ia their placcB. After an interval of some anxious moments Mr. Francis entered, and completed the quorum. The only momber on the Opposition sido was Mr. Edwards. The supporters of the Coliban water scheme, -i. e. the diversion of the waters of that river at a point near Malmesbury to a direction which should lead them to Castlemaine, Chewton, Sandhurst, and other important mining districts,-have of late been busy in pressing the Government to take up their case. Yesterday a monster deputation, headed by no less than six members of Parliament, and including the mayors of Sandhurst, Cas- tlemaine, Eagle Hawk, and Chewton, and other municipal and road board authorities, waited on the Ministry, as represented by tho Hon. Commissioner of Mines, the Hon. Trea- surer, the Hon. President of tho Board of Land and Worka, and the Hon. Commissioner of Trade and CuBtoma, to ask the intentions of the Government as to this matter. Acting upon tha request of the Mining Department, a vast body of information had been got together and col. luted to sot forth the probable expenditure and receipts of the woik, and with this in hand the deputation urged that tho affair should te taken up this session. Mr. Sulli- van replied, that the Government had already announced their intention of adopting a com- prehensive water supply scheme,.which would come before Parliament shortly, and in which the Coliban scheme would be included. Tho deputation then pressed for a promise that their request should take precedence, and Mr. Verdon, in reply, pointed out that of course Government could only pledge itself to a general system on a basis which would enable each district to act in its own behalf as Boon as it chose. In answer to further pressure Mr. Sullivan showed that, as the Coliban scheme was aheady far advanced, no further surveys being needed, it would in the ordi- nary course of things bo probably the fir.t attended to ; but beyond that statement ho could not go. The deputation then with- drew, expressing their conviction that tho Government meant to push the matter for- ward, and thanks for their courteous re- ception. The promoters of the new Victorian Ship- owners* Mutual InBuranco Association met yesterday afternoon, at Soott's Hotel, to re- ceive the report of the committee appointed to ariange preliminaries. Mr. Orkney, M.L.L, took the chair, and Mr. J. H. Barlow, secre- tary of the committee, read the report, which, aftor expressing cordial approval of the pro- ject, subjoined a series of recommendations on which the association might be based. These recommendations were, withsomeslight verbal amendments, adopted, and an interim managing committee having been appointed, the proceedings terminated, An inquest was held yesterday, at Sand- ridge, by the city coroner, upon the body of David Howard, aged twenty-two years, a sailor belonging to the ship Matador, now . lying at the Town Pier, Sandridge. On Sa- turday evening the deceased came on shore in a boat with Robert Kent, the second ofiicer of the vessel. On getting ashore he left the boat, saying he would bo back in a few minutes. He did not return, and was found by the officer, two hours after, quite drunk, He was pre- vailed upon to go off in the boat, but on getting about fifty yards from the pier he stood up and declared he would not go on board. He then jumped out of the boat and swam towards the wharf. Kent put the boat round as quickly as possible, but before he could reach the de- ceased he appeared to dive under the plat- form. He was heard to call out that he was drowning, but was not seen again. Kent told, him to hold on until he could procure a light, which he at once got, and then /with the assistance of some constables and others searched for tho deceased, bat without suc- cess. The search was continued fot two hours, and the police were dredging all day Sunday. The body was at length found on Tuesday afternoon, at the pier. Verdict "Accidentally drowned while diunk." At the usual meeting of the Council of the Acclimatisation Society, held on Tuesday present: Mr. Edward Wilton, Professor M'Coy, Lieut-Colonel Champ, Dr. Maddon, and Messrs. Allott Purchas, James Smith, and D. S. Camphell-a letter from Mr. Fussell, of Foo-Chow, was read, stating his intention of sending to the society a buffalo cow, to re- place the one which died ; also some of the beautiful Formosa and Mongolian deer. A letter was also read from Mr. C. P. Layard, of Colombo, saying he had sent, per Northam, two axis deer and six partridges, more of which should soon come. The secretary reported that one of the deer, and all the part- ridges, had arrived safely ; also, that by the same steamer had arrived a pair of pure Cash mere goats, belonging to Mr. L. Rostron. The secretary was insttuctcd to requit Mr. Ros- tron to allow the ram to bo pk:ed with the flock of the Cashmere goat3 now in the pos- session of the society, which are at pre3ont under the immediate care of Mr. M'Oallough at Maryborough. Mi. Fletcher, from Philip Island, was present at the meetiDg, and men- tioned that during the last week ho had se3n four leverets nearly full grown, and that one Californian quail had brought off fifteen young enes. The Bosretary reported that two more llamas of the second cro:s had been dropped at the park, and that two chin- chillas had been bom. The secretary farther reported that he had landed, ox Blanche Moore, one hare and four pheasants for the Ballarat Society ; also that tho arrangements for sending home theMurray codfish, par Lin- colnshire, wuo in a forward stat?, and that the fish were expected to arrive in Holbourne the next day. The council acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of one bustard and one emu from Dr. Macdonald, of Horsham ; one bustard from Dr. Dickson, of Halstead house, Cnulfield; five native ducks and two curlews from Mr. Glass, of Wharparella ; two doves, caught off Caps de Verd Isands, by Mr. Taylor, of the Essex ; and one native baar from Mr. Henry Howard, of Schnapper Point. A letter having been received from Mr. T. T. A'Beckett, containing the resignation of his Beat at the counoll table, Mr. Thomas Loader was unanimously elected to fill bis place. Several applications for the office of superin- tendent were laid upon the table, but the council deferred taking action on the matter for a fortnight. That we, denizens of the dusty city, know anything at all of the inteiior of the colony -of its more secluded districts and romantic aspects-of the scones more especially which lie remote from the track of the prospector, is mainly doo to the enthusiasm of two or lbree artists, who, emulating our old friend Dr. Syntax in his diligent search of the picturesque, penetrate to the wildest and most sequestered regions of Viotoria, and icturn, after several weeks' absenco, bronzed and travel-worn, with a portfolio of sketches, which testify alike to the industry of the Ditists and the extreme beauty of much oi the scenery in Victoria. In this way, Eugene von Guerard has succeeded in forming foi the King of Bavaria a collection ol pin and ink drawings, embracing nearly eveiy mountain, lake, and river of im- portance in Victoria; besides executing a score or two of highly-finished oil paintings, representing eome of the more notable features of our landscape scanery ; and Mr. Chevalier has also traversed the length and breadth of the colony, and it assisting to reveal to us the grandeur of itf mountain forms, the rich vegetation whict gives an almost tropical character to some o the densely wooded valleys, and the savag< wildness of those portions of the coast whicl receive the rough impact of the open sea looking over the sketches made by this gen tleman duting the tour from which he ha just returned, it is impossible to be other wie than impressed by the variety as well a the beauty of the scenes depicted. There an mountain ranges as imposing in magnitude a the Appennincs, and broad plains as fall 0 fertile promise as those of Tuscany or Lorn hardy. Thero aro rivers fbwing througl forests of incalculable antiquity, and cas cades which would suggest to the practi cal mind of an American a Iamentabl Avaste of water power. Tho sketches ar necessarily little latter than memoranda 0 form and colour, and ttiey have not benefitei by immersion in a river, in which the artis had a narrow escapo of being drowned. For tunately, however, by the sacrifice of hi "swag," he managed to extricate himsel from a perilous position, and to save hi drawings ; exclaiming, as Qoldonl the drams iifcfc did, undir somewhat similar circuir stances, " Omnia bona mea mecumporto." On of the sketches has already famished th motif of a picture executed with moro care, an a closei attention to finish than tho artist ha hitherto bestowed upon his paintings, and tb result is a work of considerable pretension and high merit. The sceno portrayed 1 Mount Arapiles, a laminated mass of roc rising abruptly, and almost perpendicular! from the plain, and presenting the appearanc of a large and dilapidated fortress, llterall furrowed with age, and tufted with verdur A portion of this singular bluff is fiushe with the warm light of the westering BUI and another portion is softly veiled by tb shadow of a passing cloud, in tho gloom < Avhich the isolated Mitre rook puts on a roi of imperial purple, which hue ia also repn duced, together with some of the brightsr tim of the sky above, in a pool of wator, lying i sullen reposo at tho foot of the Mitre. Alto gether Mr. Chevalier has been fortunate i the selection of a subject, and skilful in i treatment. The Theatre Eoyal Company has been fu tier strengthened by the accession of M md Mrs. Vincent, who have been engaged I Mr. Barry Sullivan by Mr. Coppin, The fifth annual demonstration of the m tropolitan and various suburban Bands 1 Hope, in connexion with the Victorian Ban of Hope Union, took place yesterday. TI juvenile adhorents of the temperance cans arrayed in smart holiday costume, mustert in force early in tho forenoon at tho Basten hill reserve, and after forming in processioi marched along several of tho principal street headed by the drum and fife band of ti boys belonging to the Immigrants' Horn to Richmond paddock where a variety amusements, comprising cricket, kiss-li tho-ring, &o.;, were indulged in with mm .energy and delight by the younssters. plentiful supply of refreshments was pr vlded, and in material, as well as i moial enjoyment, the children proved equal adept. The fit* was maintained with ui ceasing activity until near dusk. Durit the procession up Collins street, it was ii tended to havo presented an address to ti Governor at the Treasury, but on account BÍB Excellency's indisposition, the present tlon is delayed until a more favourable oppo tunity. In the evening, the mombors of ti Union and their friends assembled at £ forge's Hall, where a fruit toirit and conce A* as Riven. Tho chair was occupied by IA li. Hodgson, President of the Union, and a dresses, in accordance with the principles the Band of Hope Union, wore givon by ti Kcv. George Mackie, of South Yarra; Rev. 1 C. Symons, tho Rev, Joseph Dare, and other?. The musical portion of the entertainment was sustained hy Miss Liddle, Miss Budden, and Mr. Blanchard, aided by the efficient choir of St. John's Church, the organist of which, Mr. S. Greonwood, officiated as con- ductor ; and the duties of pianist wero under- taken by Mr. Harcourt Lee. The vocaliza- tion of Miss Liddle was quite charming, and the concerted selections were sung most effec- tively. Altogether, the demonstration this year hab been a decided success, and has givon much encouragement to the well wishers of the causo. At a meeting held in the Roman Catholic Chapel, Emerald-bill, last night, the Rev. Father Shinnock received a complimentary address, handsomely emblazoned, and a purse of sovereigns, as a mark of respect, on the occasion of his leaving Emerald-hill for Gipps Land. The emblazoned address was from the male, and the purse from the female members of the congregation. Yesterday, at the Sandridge Police Court, befoie Dr. Plummer, the presiding magis- trate, George Mitchell, a seaman balonging to the brig Srec, was charged with retains to do duty on board tho vessel. The prisoner pleaded that he was too ill to work, and called in support of his allegation the ovidence of Mr. B*rtleman, a local practi- tioner. Against (hid, a medical certificate from Mr. Dowling, resident surgeon of the Melbourne Hospital, wa3 produced, which stated that tho prisoner wai not Buf- fering from illness, as he had repre- sented. The prisoner was sentenced to four weeks' imprisonment on board the hulks. Oharlotto Lloyd, aged twenty-two years, accused of attempting to commit suicide about midnight on Tuesday, by drowning, was remanded /or a week, for medical treatment, as she was too ill to ap- pear in court. The hapless creoturo had como from the country with the intantion of joining her husband, but he had sailed for New Z' aland before her arrival. Tho progress made with the Land Act in committee of the Assembly yesterday was not great, eight clauses only having been passed, somo of them with amendments. The House adjourned without disposing of the ninth clause, which had been discnesed for an hour or two-in very general terms, it must be admitted. The bill will be again committed this evening. It is also understood that the Treasurer will bring on the remaining votes on the Estimates. The St. Kilda Artillery Corps will parade with the Emerald-hill Corps, in tho St. Kilda Park, on Friday morning, in accordance with Brigade Order. This is one of the battalion parades under Major Pitt ; and on Saturday afternoon the whole of the metropolitan and suburban corps will be brought together for brigade drill in the military reserve, at four. There will be a moonlight drill of the St. Kilda Artillery to-night, on their own parado ground. Wo have our file of the South Australian RegiUer to February 12. The return cricket match between the master butchers and the licensed victuallers will bo played to day on tho Richmond ground, wickets to bo pitched at eleven o'clock. At a special meeting of the shareholders of the St. Arnaud Silver Mines Association, held yesterday, upwards of fifty being repre- sented, the directors were ompowered to issue, at their discretion, to the extant ofö.OCD préfèrent shares, in furtherance of tho ob- jects of the association. Mr. G. M, Newman was elected to fill the vacancy at the board. The Ballarat Star says :-" The Railway de- partment seemB to be coming by slow degrees to those views which business men held in respect to railway management a long time ago. It has not, however, yet learned the value of giving full publicity to any changes that may be made, and, with a strange modesty, allows its good deeds to be con- cealed. Recently some altorations have been made, which were recommended long ago, but to which, however, we deem it necessary to call special attention. A special class in the goods tariff has been formed, the object being to encourage the return traffic. Trie result of this new arrangement is, that agri- cultural produce can be sent from Ballarat to Melbourne at an average rate of £1 4s. 3d. less than the former charges. This class also in- cludes many other articles of up-coantry prc duce,including colonial wine and beer, leather, rags, bones, scrap iron, &o.; A mineral class has also been adopted, the charge being 41. per ton per mile. The timber rate has been re- duced so much that we shall be able to obtain firewood, lignite, &c;, fiom Lal Lal, at a reduc- tion of Os. Cd. per ton on former rates. These changes will, we believe, be found to be bene- ficial, as they seem to b3 adapted to the re- quirements of tho community. For further particulars, wo must refer our readers to the tables published by the Railway department ; but we may mention here, that a change has been made in the charges for tho conveyance of Bheep, and in the quantity of luggage allowed to he carried free by pawengerB. A discount of five par cont. on all consignments of goods from Melbourne when tho freight amounts to £10 and upwards daily, hal also been made." We understand that it is proposed that the volunteer force shall this year encamp on new ground, and on somewhat different days norn any previously selected. The site of the encampment will be Sunbury, in place of the Werribee plains, chosen in 1861 and 1862, or tho Barwon, selected last year. By this change one great advantage will bo gained good water in place of bad. Thero has bsen, we believe, after each of the late camps, a greater or less amount of sickness from the use of brackish water. Then tho days are to be Easter Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. The two Easter encampments of 1861 and 1862 commenced on the Wednesday and Thursday evenings before Easter, and broke up on tho following Tuesday. Thus two days were, so to speak, lost In camp-Good Friday and Easter Sunday, This time it is hoped that most of the volunteers, by starting early on the Monday, will settle down into their canvas town to breakfast, and that all will be ready for a brigade drill in the after- noon. Tuesday, however, if the arrangement be carried out, will bo the "big" day of the camp display. It is nearly as universal a holiday as the Monday; and the Wednesday, which will b3 wanted, is already half pre- mised by the bulk of employers, as the " first Wednesday after the mail." Two great points will he gained by the arrangement contemplated-tho volunteers will havo part of their Easter holidays to themselves, and the large section of the community who object to a Sunday being spent in camp will not be scandalized. We believe, however, that the " Sundays in camp " have on every occasion been a credit to the force, and that the most scrupulous, had they been there, would have found nothing to shock,but much to gratify them. The dwellers on what ÍB known as Floming ton-bank have at last made an endeavour to get themselves included in a municipality, as at present they aro excluded, on (he one Bide from Hotham, and on the other from Essen- don and Flemington. Yesterday Mr. J. T. Smith, M.L.A. for West Bourke, and Mr. J. Davies, MXA. for North Melbourne, waited on the hon. Chief Secretary, to ask if the district could not bo included in the Hotham Municipality, the council thereof being willing. Mr. M'Oulloch Bald the Government was also willix-g, and would do all In its powor to aid in the desired junction. Ho fui thor promised, when Mr. Smith pointed out that the act made no piov__lor_ for such junction, to eonsult tho hon. the Attorney General about the introduction.'of a clause into the new Municipal Act Amendment Bill which tliould meet this and other cases, each as that of Kyneton, which are very similar. A miaute agreed to by the Government, on tho subject of transportation, for piesenta* tlon to the Imperial Government through Ilia Excellency, was laid on the tablo of tho Legislative Assembly yesterday, and will bo found io another column. Ihe inquest at Northcote upon the remains of Mary Burke was f orminated yesterday, being ptotrocted, in conséquence of .the voluminous naturo of the evidence, until a late hour in tho evening. The result was the return of a verdict of " Wilful Murder" against the hus- band, Baitholomew Burke. Burke is hollered to bu ia New South Wales or Queensland, but no doubt the most activo exertions will now be madu to effect his apprehension. The following telegram, in reference to the debato in Sydney on tbe Riverine petitions, has bun communicated to us:-"Debito (ltivtrina) adjourned to Tuesday next, when it takes precedence. Forster, Colonial Secre- tory, will open tho debate. Robertson (late Minister for Land.) oppo.ed separation; in favour of spending revenue in district, of ono railway to Echuca, another to Fort Bourko; guaiantees renewal of leases to Eqnattors, ad- heres to conditional puichase, and opposes cortpulsory fencing ; wont vote againBt reso- lutions. Dr. Lang .poko strongly in favour of principle of ceparation, but thought boun daiie. not correct. General feeling in favour of financial separation, and redress of mato lial grievances." By tho train which arrived from Sandhurst at hall-past ten a.m. yesterday, came tho Murray cod which are intended for trans miBEion to England by tho Lincolnshire. Tho fish wero quita small-from two to three inches long-and arrived in a tank specially made for the purpose. Mr. Aldwortb, of the Murray Fishing Company, accompauied thom on their journey down, and they were mot at Spencer street by tho secretary of the Accli- matisation Society and Mr. Thatcher, under whose charge they will ha placed during the voyage. A special cabin has been fitted up for them, a sufficient supply of water pro- vided, and every possiblo precaution taken to Insure success. We bolieve that the Council of tho Acclimatisation Society havo availed themselves of this opportunity to secuto a I number of the cod and golden tench for the Tan Yean reservoir, and we understand that these have already been gent np to their des- tination. The Head-quarters' Band will play the fol- lowing programme this afternoon, in the Piince's-biidge reserve ¡-Quadrille, '' Marion," Funke; wallz, "Tho dream of the ocean," Guugl; overture "Grand exhibition," Auber ; grand Eelettion, " Satanolla," Balfe ; overture, " Marco Spada," Aubsr ; grand selection, " Nachtlager von Grenada," Kreutzer ; polka, " Louis d'or," Kuhnir ; " God save the Quetn." The gates at the bridge and South Yarra ends of the Prlnce's-bridge reservo and Botanical-gardens will be opened during the perfoimance of tho beind on Thursdays, but the owners of carriage, must leave by tho gate entered on account of the toll bar. A miBtako under this head led to the South Yana gate being closed last Thursday. Shortly before one o'clock yesterday after- noon, a woman named Mary Baxter, other- wise M'Ncill, fell into a small water channel in the rear of Ko. 138 Flinders lano cast, at whkh house she was employed as a .ervant. It ÍB supposed that she fell in a fir, or was in- toxicated ; BO that, although there was at tho time only two inches of water in the channel, .he was unable to extricate hereelt. Mr. Gillbto was called in immediately on tho woman being found, but his opinion was that she had been dead for some time. An inquest on the body will ba held at neon to day. On the 8th Dtcember, the appeal caso of Bill v. Murphy (Ihe Argus privilege oate) carno on for hearing before the Judicial Com* mittco of the Privy Council. The precedlag cuso on the list of the Lords having occupied less timo than wa. expected, nono of the ap- pellant's counsel had arrived ; and, in splto of an explanatory statement by the solicitor, the appeal wa. dismissed, with cost*, their Lordsbios reniai kiisg upon the disrespect with which they had been treated, some of them having come from a distance ia tho country expressly for the purpose of hearing this case. Immediately after, tho counsel making their appearance, and explaining that they had bien accidentally delayed, the case was restored to the list, Lord Chelmsford administering to counsel a very severe repri- mand, and intimating that, although so re- stored, there was no chanco of its b.ing heard at the then sittings. Tho appeal will pro- bably come on for adjudication in the course of the present month. A mombers' club match will b3 played on tbo Melbourne Club ground on Friday after- noon, between an cloven composed of Messrs. Kirk, Begot, Stubbs, F. Bowe, S. P. Lord, W. G. Bailey, Boss, E. Cohen, De Pass, Rams- den, and Mitchell, against Mess». Pavey, HickB, Everard, Fitzgibbon, Clarke, J.Cohen, Jacomb, Wyborn, lu. Bailey, Joshua, and Hornby. Wickets to be pitched at three o'clock. The sides meet for practice on tho ground this afternoon, at three o'clock. Yesterday, at tho Ballarat Circuit Court, Alexander Short was found " Guilty" of the robbery of Mr. Harmar, at the toll-bar, on the Ballarat and Ararat road, about tho time of the Champion Buco at Ballarat, tho offence being robbery in company, under arms, with violence. Sontenco of death was recorded. Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday, at Sandridge, upon the body of the unfortunate young man, William Edwin Wethered, mid- shipman on board the ship Pride of the Ocean, who was drowned at Sandridge on the 13th lust. No particulars transpired with refer- ence to the affair beyond those givon in yes- terday's lisue, aud the jury returned a verdict of "Accidentally drowned." Tho man Bates, who had been detained by tho police on suspicion of being concerned in the death of his mato, WanlesB, was brought up at the City Court yestorday on a charge of vagrancy. Detective Duress said ho was directed by the coroner, when tho inquest was completed, to bring the presont charge against the prisoner. The latter was then remanded for seven days, to allow the detective time to get up evidence against him. The Criminal Sittings of the Supromo Court were brought to a close yesterday with the trial of Ed ward Julian, charged with per- jury. The defendant was found "Not Guilty," and discharged. Au Inquest will ba held this morning, at half-past ten o'clock, on the boáy of a Ger- man named Gorman, who died in the Mel- bourne Hospital yestorday morning. Ho had been received thero on the previous day, in a very bad state, having Bwallowed an ounce , of chloroform. It was at one time thought he would recover from the effects of tho dose, but eventually collapse ensued, and death. At tbe Emerald-hill Police Court yesterday ' no fewer than eight householders were sum- moned for allowing their goats to wander through the Btrcets. ThoBonch, inevoryin stance, inflicted a fine of 63., together with 2s. 6d. costs. George Way, for obstructing the thoroughfare, by depositing building ma- terial thereon, was fined Is,, and 2s. Gd. costs. In tho case Uargaret Campbell v. Maa dine Doylt-n. charge of assault, in which the damages were laid at £10-the defendant was ordered to pay 10¿. damage], and 10j. costs. Several small-debt actions were also dealt with. Messrs. P. J. Martin and IL S. Gard- ner were the justices presont. Tho council of the Board of Agriculture was to havo met yesterday morning, but owing to the non-attendance of a quorum of members the meeting was adjourned till that day fortnight. Mr. Hackett, P.M., begs to acknowledge the receipt of £4 4s. from Messrs. Michaelis and Aarons, to be divided equally amongst the following charities :-Melbourne Hospital, Orphan ABylum, Benevolent Asylum, and City Poor-box. Tho East Collingwood Rifles will hold moonlight parades thlB evoning and on Monday. Tho St. Kilda Artillery will asiemble for moonlight drill this evening, at eight, and for battalion parade to-morrow morning, at a quarter-past five ; and Saturday afternoon, at four. We notice that the Trebolgan was towed out on Monday evening with 140 horses, for the Calcutta maiket. We have inspected the fittings and the arrangements of the ship, which were everything that could be desired. The horses are of a superior stamp, and it is to bo hoped that they will command such prices in Calcutta as will lead to the revival of this trade. The principal shippers are Mr. George Coglinn, of Deep Creek ; Messrs. James Gillbanks, Sarges, and Cavenagh. Mr. John Ewart, well known in Melbourne, has gone in the ship as veterinary surgeon. 