LATEST INTELLIGENCE. Wo tnko tho following latest intelligence from th» telegraphic correspondence of tho London evening ' journals of tho 27th Juno: — THE MEETING OF THE SOVEREIGNS. Tho Gazette de Cologne publishes the following summary of Russian propositions which have been tho subject of negotiations nt Kissengon and Carls bad. Russia, Prussia, and Austria, bind them selves by a convention to act together upon all the European questions of tho present timo ; to declare tho Polish question an internal, not an interna tional question, and mutually to guarantee to each other their existing frontiers. The ratifications of this convention to bo exchanged shortly. THE LONDON CONFERENCE. Paris, 26th June. — Tho Moniteur of this evening, says : — ' Yesterday's sitting of tho London Confer ence passed off very quiotly. Tho belligerents read declarations in which they explained tho present position of affairs according to tho views of their re spective Governments. Earl Russell reviewed tho labors of the Conference, and expressed a hope, in which tho neutral Powers concurred, that, whatever might bo the issue of tho conflict, the independence of tho Danish monarchy would be preserved. It ia thought that hostilities will be resumed this morn ing. Fourteen Danish vessels nre cruising between Kiel nnd tho island of Fehuiern.' Frankfort- on- tiie-Maine, 25tli Juno. — The semi official Norddeutsche Zeitung of to-day snys : — 'The fortnight's prolongation of the armistice, which wns agreed to at the sitting of tho Conference of tho 6th instant, expires on tlio 25th, so that hostilities . will recommcnco on tho 26th, and not on tho 27th instant.' Berlin, 25th June. — Tho Spenersche Zeitung of to-day says : — 'A telegram from Vienua, dated yes terday evening, states that tho German sovereigns at Carlsbad bad como to an understanding upon tho Dano-German question. According to this under standing, Prussia would, with tho concurrence of Austria, propose at tho Federal Diet that tho Gor man Confederation should declare war against Den mark.' Princo Albert of Prussia will leave this evening for the head-quarters of tho army in tho Duchies, in consequence of a telegram sent by tho King from Carlsbad. Hamburg, 26th June. — Princo Albrccht passed in great haste through Hamburg this morning, being the bearer of an order to Marshal von Wraugel to recommence hostilities to- day. RUSSIA. St. Petersburg, 25th June. — The Minister of Finance has submitted to tho Council of Stato a pro ject for tho formation of a Russian Credit Foncier and Industrial Bank. The establishment of theso institutions will bo undertaken by tho first London houses, among which are the International Financial Society and the London Credit Foncier. Tho Bonk, of Meiningen will also concur in this object. SPAIN. Madrid, 25th June. — The council met ycBterday, under tho presidency of tho Minister of tho Interior, to draw up the law ou the press. PRINCE COUZA AND THE PORTE. Constantinople, 22nd June. — Tho ConfcrcDco of Ambassadors has sanctioned the reported ar rangement between the Porte and Princo Conzn, relative to a change in tho constitution of tho Principalities. Tho English Government has given biscuits to tho valuo of £5,000 to tho Circassians,, and offered to the Porto to facilitate a specinl loan for the purchase of objects to bo distributed among them. Immense sufforing and mortality continue among tho immigrants. ITALY. Turin, 25th June. — In yesterdny evening's sit ting of the Chamber of Deputies, tho Minister of Financo announced that the concessionaries of the Credit Foncier had withdrawn their proposition, in consequence of wbich the Ministry would withdraw their bill authorising tho concession. At tho same timo the Minister declared that a fresh bill would bo brought in, which, instead of granting an exclu sive concession, should throw tho project open to public competition. Tho Minister for Foreign Affairs, in reply to a question, declared that, to pre— ftect Italian interests in Peru, the Government had determined to hasten tlio departure of an Italian minister to Lima. They, also, intended sending some vessels to the Pacilic to increaso the number at their representatives. Paius, 26th June. — The Monitcurol this evening ?says : — ' The Italian Government lias taken every measure to repress vigorously nil attempts at dis turbance which may ho mado by extreme parties.' -*?* ? E03IE. Rome, 23th June. — The Congregation of the Index :has condemned thirteen works, among which are Los Misorablcs,' by Victor Hugo, and some ro mances of do Balzac and Soulie. 