SUMMARY. The English, mail has arrived, with its usual monthly budget of news. The Dano-Gennan struggle is not over, but actual fighting has been suspended, except at sea, while diplomacy makes a last attempt at fringing about a peace ful solution; There has been a small naval engagement near Heligoland, in which the Danish fleets though outweighted, won s victory. The Conference is continuing its labours, and a prolongation of the armistice has been agreed on, in order to give diplomacy a longer chance. But though nothing is decided, it is already clear that no conclusion will be come to except such as will deprive Denmark of the Duchies, or at least the major part of them. The ' in exorable logic of facts ' proves the impossibility of restoring these Duchies to the Power that is not strong enough to hold them. Vtc viclit . Denmark has made a gallant defence, but what could it do against the power of forty millions. Moreover, the subject of population is not favourable to Danish rule, having become Germanised by contact with the larger Power. Austria and Prussia refuse to consider them selves bound by tbe treaty of 1852 ; and as the | other great Powers will not assist in enforcing it, England has been forced to give way, and so | a treaty expressly made to regulate the succes sion to the throne in an eventuality, which has actually occurred, has not only proved waste paper, but has actually involved a war. So much for prospective diplomacy, and the attempt to settle the course of the world beforehand. The proposal which has now been submitted to the Conference, and in which France will join with England, is that the whole of Holsteia and the southern half of Schleswig should be formed into a German duchy, and that the northern half of Schleswig should be incorporated with Denmark. This proposal is virtually based upon the principle of nationalities, for the whole of Holstein is Germanised, while in Schleswig there is a mix ture ; and, as is natural, the southern point of Schleswig is least Danish. But the proposal is lesB in accord with the features of physical geography of th? peninsula, ; for the Eider, which separates Holstein from Schleswig, besides being one of the oldest boundary lines in Europe, is a far more natural and well-defined frontier than any line which can be drawn to separate North and South Schleswig. It will only be with the greatest reluctance that Denmark will be brought to con sent to this humiliating agreement, but the military pressure of two great Powers, and the diplomatic pressure of thq other Powers, will probably be too much for it. Besides, resistance, under such conditions, can only mean anni hilation, and the choice of Denmark really lies between taking what is offered, or having none at all. The news from America is very important, as it shows that the great campaign for the year has commenced. This campaign is inaugurated under a new leader, General Grant, and :s in tesded by the Federal Government to be the last, if numbers, equipment, and energy can ' make it bo. The Confederates have no less strained their resources to confront the invasion, and. if possible, roll it back. Two desperate and bloody engagements have already taken place, both somewhat indecisive, yet both so far in favour of the Federals that the Confederates gave way. The first engagement seems to have taken place a little south of the Rapidan, and the second and most hotly- contested to have been near Spotsylvania Court-house. The Federals, as the attacking party, suffered the most severely, but the loss of the Confederates was almost equally heavy. The joint loss in killed, wounded, snd missing, is roughly esti mated at seventy-seven thousand men — a large deduction from the two hundred thousand said to have been ranged in order of battle. At the latest dates there had been eome further indecisive fighting, and the armies remained in the same relative position. The utmost efforts were being made at Wash ington to forward reinforcements to Grant, to enable him to repeat his blows and push his advances. It is a war of exhaustion. This mutual slaughter, if it continues at the same rate, must use up the Confederate armies. The Rorth has the greater facilities for recruiting, because it has the larger population to work upon, and can draw fresh immigrants front Europe. These immigrants are pouring in in great numbers, especially from Ireland, tempted by the high bounty. But another conscription has also been ordered, though how far it will prove successful remains to be seen. As a defensive force, the Governors of some of the States have offered to raise a hundred thousand volunteers to protect the frontier against Southern incursiens. It is not only in Virginia that the Federals are advancing. General Sheeman has pushed for ward from Chattanooga, end captured Dalton with a large number of prisoners and guns. In the South-west the Federals have suffered some reverses, General Banks having been caught and defeated in an expedition up the Bed River. Be haB been superseded, and another general appointed in his plaoe. The finances of the Northern States are becoming somewhat embsrassed. The soldiers, both white and coloured, have been promised rewards in the confiscated lands of rebels, bat these lands have first to be conquered. Mean while the difficulty of meeting the heavy pay ments of the Government increases, and gold has gene up to a higher premium than ever. Fresh revenue is urgently needed, and, in default of adequate direct taxation, it has been proposed to increase the Customs' dues by fifty per cent, for a month, eo as to catch all articles on the way to the country. This is a desperate and suicidal resource, however, as it must tend ultimately to check imports, and so to diminish future revenue. The Confederates will not, after all, get the steam-rams that Mr. Laibd was building for them, for the British Government has bought them. The Government offered to do this i some time ago, but the offer was then refused. J However, the builders have since seen reason V to close with the terms proposed. Cotton seems at last to be coming into Liver pool in increased quantities, though not yet quite sufficient for all wants. But the worst of the cotton famine is over, and Lancashire dis tress is on the decline. Cotton iB not king, and the dependence of Lancashire on slave labour has been put an end to. The Bufferings of three years will be well compensated if this release is made permanent, and the endurance of our countrymen will have helped to win a noble victory for humanity. The usual quarterly statement of the revenue which hsB just been published, shows that the receipts for the quarter are less than those of the corresponding quarter of last year by £1 13,000, or twenty-five per cent. The previous publication of the Customs' returns had prepared us for this result, for the principal deficit is in that branch of the revenue. Al the rate shown by the last quarter the falling off in the revenue for this year as compared with the last will be £460,000. The land revenue for the last quar ter shows a falling off, but not so much aB was generally expected, the diminution being only £4441. Neither of the two compared quarters, however, were very productive ones in this respect. It was not . to be anticipated that the land revenue would be very lively just now. The rural losses have been unfavourable to fresh purchases. Land is tbe investment into which people put their savings, but where profits have been small, savings have been small too. Moreover, the greater part of those who want to select land have now done so, and the population has not increased sufficiently to furnish a freah race of selectors. There is an increase in the postage receipts, which is due principally to the penny inland rate on newspapers. The gold revenue shows worse by £2303, but the Mint receipts have improved, as a considerable quantity of gold has been sent up from Victoria and New Zealand to be coined. The railways show an improvement, but tbe telegraph receipts are almost stationary. We cannot expect any great improvement for the rest of the year, and fresh taxation seems unavoidable, as the year's income must now fall considerably below the expenditure. 7'he verdict in Gacdikeb's case, and his ac quittal on the graver charge, has naturally been the subject of much comment and discussion during the week. To those who are accustomed to weigh evidence and draw consistent conclu sions, it seems that the evidence was sufficient to have warranted a full verdict of guilty, and that in nine cases out of ten no fuller evidence is ever to be expected. It will be almost impossible ever to convict a man of intent to murder if more evidence is required than was produced in Gabdikeu's case. The verdict ae recorded was equivalent to saying that in the opinion of the jury Gaudineb, in firing at Hosie, meant to do grievous bodi|y injury, : but did not intend murder. But when a man fires a pistol at another man's head, and the ball penetrates his skull, the pre sumption is that if he did not -actually wish murder, he was at least indifferent whether he committed it or not. If Hosie had been shot dead, the intent to murder might perhaps have been less doubled. But that he was not killed was almost a miracle. The shot penetrated the skull, and the smallest change in the angle of its direction would have laid him a dead man. If Gaedineb did not fire at all, or if he did not know that he was firing at constables, but was defending himself, as is pretended, against attack, then he was not guilty at all of the particular crime with which he was charged. But if he did fire and knew that it was a con stable he was firing at, then he committed a capital crime, and it was from no restraint on -himself that he did not commit actual murder. The inconsistency of the verdict is generally supposed to have been owing to a compromise among the jurymen, and com promises are generally inconsistent. The con struction of the jury was not the most favour able to a right verdict. The prisoner exercised the right of challenge to an unreasonable ex tent, and persons were struck off the list not because they were personally objectionable but because their apparent respectability created a presumption that they would have no special sympathy with the prisoner. The jury had at laBt to be completed by taking on several per sons who had been previously objected to on the part of the Crown, It is reported, too, that special efforts had been made to canvass the panel privately, and sound them as to their feelings. It is lamentable that such efforts should be made on behalf of a man who has deserved so little sympathy, and who has done such immense mischief to the colony. Now that Gabdiner has been committed to gaol for thirty-two years, it is to be hoped that very good care will be taken that he does not escape. Collections for the distress fund continue to be made, and from many different sources con tributions pour in. Lees anxiety is now justi fiable about a sufficiency of funds than about the distribution. There are sure to be a lot of Harpies trying to prey upon the fund, and the local committees must not relax their vigilance. The fund is not intended to make good the losses that have been incurred, but to relieve urgent difitress, and to help farmers to get to work again. We have had some more rain, but not to an extent to excite any apprehensions of further damage. Reasonable hopes are enter tained that a good breadth of crop may yet be secured, and if so, a good harvest will be an in demnification for much loss. Seed wheat is being granted. Mb. Holden, the Chief Examiner of Titles under the Real Property Act, has, in a series of letters addressed to Mr. Toeeens, through the Sydney Herald, been recommending certain alterations in the Act. His principal recommendations are that in cake of a possible issue of two certificates for the same land, the prior claimant should have precedence, that the contributions to the Assurance Fund should be increased and should be uiBde proportioned to the riskiness of the titles brought under the Act, that all dealings under the Act should contribute something to the Insurance Fund, tbat the Examiners should have judicial powers and positions, and that the clauses relating to caveats should be revised. Mr. Holder's experience of the working of the Act confirms bim in his approval of its prin ciple ; but though thinking that its capability to maintain perfection of title has been exaggerated, lie contends tbat, when all deductions have been made, it will be an immense improvement on the old system. An amended Act will probably soon be brought before the legislature, and then these proposed alterations will have to be fully justified so as to secure the assent of Parliament. As promising a further development of our mineral resources, some interest has been ex cited by the assay of iron ore from Brisbane Water. It will be remembered that some time ego a large deposit of clay iron ore was found near Wolloogong. About the same time, a similar class of ore was also observed at Uribase Water, and that too in close conjunc tion with a different and superior kind of ore. Tbe sample which has recently been assayed at the Mint is of the kind known as hematite ore, and it has been found to contain forty-seven per cent, of pure iron. This is considerably above the average richness of the ore worked in England, and offers every probability of being a remunerative object of manufacture. The deposit is widely spread, and the limits of it have not yet been traced. The specimens examined have been taken from land belonging to Mr. Hew, and as a further en couragement it is stated that coal, lime, and fire- clay are all procurable at no great distance. Efforts will be made to get up a company to establish smelting operations. The Fitzroy Company have been pushing their operations vigorously, and hope soon to have the first colonial blast furnace at work, and to begin the smelting of native iron and the manufacture of rails. A new copper mine has also been discovered in Queensland, on the road southward from Port Denison; and the ore picked from the surface has been found to be worth thirty-seven per cent. A despatch has been received in New Zealand, from tbe new Secbeta-bv of State for the Colonies, on the confiscation policy. It will only be read with satisfaction by the Maories and their supporters. It disputes the wisdom and equity of the confiscation as pro posed, and recommends the Govebnoe to restrict its action as much as possible, Mr. Cabdwell takes this view on the ground of clemency, end also in the hope of conciliating the natives. Six months' actual experience in New Zealand would most probably lead him to change his opinion. Conciliation has been tried repeatedly, and has always been contemptuously rejected, and the offer of it has been ascribed to fear. Mr. Cabd wele labours under the fundamental error of supposing that the natives do not want to fight. 