MISCELLANEOUS. One is not quite sure whether the Prince of Wales, at a Guards' dinner, did drink a par ticularly unpleasant future to the Germans who are invading his wife's father's territories ; but it seemB raost probable, as official journals are so emphatfc in contradicting the story, I am sorry to add that the distress of the amiable Princess at the slate of things in Denmark is said to be most painful, and that she can never speak of the Bubject without tears. Her Royal Highness has been at St. Leonard's, with the Prince and the infant, Albert Yietor, Duke of Cornwall, I suppose, one of these days. The Prince hunts gallantly, and got a heavy fall the other day ■ but, never theless, was well up at the death. The Queen is at Windsor, and we have notification that her medical men forbid her appearing at public ceremonials, and I need not say that this is a matter of sorrow to all her subjects. Lord Palmerston was declared by the divorce Judge to leave the Court with a per fectly unspotted reputation. The fellow O'Kane abandoned his petition, and did so in a way worthy of his evident dirtiness of character. The Zoological Gardens in the Regent's Park is sufficiently "supplied with animals of evil odour, bat if aay Australian collection requires a skunk,. Mr. O'Kane's address may probably be obtained from tbe advertising attorney who conducted bis ease. Enough of an offensive topio to say that the Yiscount was cheered to the echo by both sides of the House when he entered after the hearing. The Queen has given orders for the appoint ment of Major-General Duncan Alexander Cameron, C.B. (having the local rank of Lieutenant-General while in command of the troops in Sew Zealand), to be an Ordinary Member of the Military Division of the Second Class, or Knights Commanders of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath. At the recent B. A. commencement at Cam bridge, Mr. J. J. Stuckey, of St. John's College, obtained the position of fifth wrangler. This gentleman won distinction in early life at the Adelaide Collegiate School, from whence he came to England to complete his studies at the earnest solicitation of many friends of that establishment. Being by birth a native of the colony, the high mathematical honours which he has obtained will be a source of satisfaction to those interested in South Australian educa- tion, and it is to be hoped that in his future career, which is understood to be that of law, he will realize a continued success. The Armstrong gun was severely condemned by Captain Eishbourne, R.N., a few nights ago. He read a paper at the Boyal United Service Institution, in the course of which he spoke strongly against the gun as being unsuited particularly for naval warfare. Captain Heathe said that some of the defects complained of had been remedied, but Captain Eishbourne insisted that nothing had been done to make the weapon a really practicable gun. Sir George Grey, in a letter to the Derby shire -magistrates, stales that, with the concur rence of the Lord Chauceller, he requested four medical gentlemen of great experience in mental diseases - to examine into Townley's state of mind, and report thereupon. The report of these gentlemen appears to Sir George Grey conclusive as to Towniey being of sound mind; and, taking all the circum stances of the case into consideration, Sir George has decided that the capital sentence should be commuted to penal servitude for life. A number of Danish ladies living in Eng land, with Mademoiselle de Bille at their head, have formed themselves into a Committee for the purpose of raising a fund for the relief of the sick and wounded soldiers of the Danish army, and also of their widows and orphans. There must be many to whom this announce ment will offer the opportunity which they have been looking for of showing their sympathy with a gallant and kindred nation defending itself heroically against a most un just attack. Lord Clanricarde also invokes the assistance of the Times "in a cause of humanity, and one which J think must excite tne deep sympathy ot Englishmen and Eng lishwomen—I mean the relief of the sick and wounded of the Danish army now defending their country and their homes against the in vasion of an overwhelming force. Many persons with whom I have communicated have expressed their readiness to subscribe to and co- operate in this work of benevolence, which I hope may receive your support aad advocacy. A Committee of Management is in course of formation." The London Shakspeare Committee is close on dissolution. It has made a struggle for life, but the symptoms which set in a few weeks ago are now telling fatally. A meeting of the Site and Monument Committees was summoned a few days ago, but it was so scantily attended, and there was so little interest shown in the proceedings, that nothing can be expected from it. The Gieen Park, near Piccadilly, was generally considered the best site for a monument. The "only practical thiug that was done, lioweyer, was to pass a resolution referring the question of holding a public meeting to the Executive Com mittee, which, like an argument in a circle, only brings them all ronnd again to the point from which they started. In the meanwhile, it is expected that the offending members of the Executive will resign, and that the movement will dissolve iuto thin air. This result it is to be hoped wjll la^e place silently for the credit of the country. The Stratford Shakspeare Comipittep is carryiug out its objects with untiring energy. Ap endowment for the school, a monument, and a celebration are all likely to be accomplished with liberality. A Memorial Cpqimittep, including soipe pf the most distinguished lovers and patrons of art, is in course of formation, and is expected shortly to visit Stratford for the purpose of selecting a site. Advices received from Santiago, via New York, state that the Chilian Government have decreed fhe entire demolition of the remains of (the flhurch of thp Qampqnif}. 4.bout l,7f)0 of the burnt bodies were rpcognised, and between 400 and 500 more werp found to be beyond recognition. At least 3,000 persons were in the church when the fire broke out. In Murilio's picture of the Immaculate Conception the Virgin's feet were on a crescent moon. It was the lighting a representation of this picture which set fire to the church. The United Spates Mipi^ter had sept a letter of gondplenpe to the philian Government, wijich had been replied to by "the .Foreign Secretary. All the wealthy families of ChUi reside in Santiago, and as there is little immigration, nearly all the families are related to each other. A solemn service for the victims of the catastrophe wes about to be he'd in Lima, Peru. The electrip telegraph now extends from St. Petersburg to Lake Baikal in Liberia. This year, it is expected, it 'will be"'extended along the Amoor River, whence it will be stretched to the north-west coast of the American con tinent. It is now almost certain that before a very long lime telegraphic messages will be sent to New York, by way of Northern Europe, Asia, and America, over kO.OOQ miles of tele graph lyire. Leon de EIecxe, the architect, whp parried the style pf ancient Italy into Bavaria^ and ' bjg recollections of Pactum' and Pompeii in phe streets of Muniph, *djed q feyy daye ego W Jfowtfh at til? Pge qf i The French Academy of Moral and Political Science has elected Mr. Chad wick, of London, a corresponding member, in the place of Arch bishop Whately, and is about to elect Mr. Grote in the place of Lord Macanlay. The Italian Cabinet Minister, Minglietti, was also elected. Hilo, one of the Sandwich Islands group, produced 10,000,000 lbs. of sugar last year, one plantation alone netting 800,000 lbs. Australian Appeals.—The Judicial Com mittee of the Privy Council sat on February 2. An appeal from Victoria, "Dill v. Murphy and Another," was heard and dismissed. The Lords present were Lord Cranwortb, Lord Chelmsford, and the Lords Justices Knight, Bruce, and Turner. In the sitting of Feb ruary 17, the Committee gave judgment in an appeal from New South Wales, " .Robertson v. Dumaresque," affirming the decision of the Court below, with costs. Large Failure in the Printing Trade. —In re Levey & Bobsom—This case was lieard in the Bankruptcy Court, before Mr. Registrar Murray, on February 9. The bankrupts, George Levey and Charles Robson, -were described as printers and shippers, of 23, Great New-street, Fetter-lane. This was the first sitting. The statement of debts and lia bilities prepared by Messrs. Johnstone, Cooper, and Winkle is very heavy, and shows a total of £35,150, besides a few hundreds due from the separate estate of each partner. The bankrupts thus describe the cause of their failure:— "Private speculations entered into by Mr. Franklyn, our late partner in Australia, with the partnership assets, which speculations resulted in ve:y heavy losses. The fol lowing are the largest creditors:—Messrs. Burn & Lambert, Portman-street, Portman square, £4,627; Eastern & Co., Chiswell-street, £3,447; J. W. Cripps, Snow-hill, £1,067; Lepard & Smiths, King-street, Covent-garden, £1,294; Bobson & Co., Cliflbrd's-inn, £1,662 ; Spalding & Hodge, Drury-laue, £13,527; Williams, Deacon, & Co., Birchin-lane, £933; Wrigley & Son, Budge-row, £1,166. The assets, if well realized, will prove considerable, probably sufficient for a dividend of 15s. in the pound. The plant, &?., in Fetter-lane, is estimated at £3,500; good debts, £2,000; printing materials, &c.;, in Melbourne, £20,000. The estate has been under inspection for several months, but some of the dissenting I creditors having sued the bankrupts, the matter was necessarily brought into this Court. It waB stated that alter the choice of assignees, the matter would be again taken out of Court, under the provi sions of the 110th section.—An adjourned sitting for choice of assignees took place on Monday, February 22, when Mr. Sargood took objection to certain proofs, on the ground that there had been a partnership of Levey, Bob son, & Franklyn, and that the proofs could not be made against the estate of two of the part ners, unless it were shown that the creditors had released the third. Mr. Lawrence said that Franklyn had retired in June, 1862, and the continuing partners had undertaken, re taining possession of the partnership estate, to liquidate the liabilities. At a meeting of credi tors in July they had passed a special resolu tion, releasing Mr. Franklyn from his liabili ties. Ultimately the matter stood over, and a further adjournment took place. 