THE DAKISH QUESTION. The thick cloud which has hung in heavy folds over Europe for some time paat has probably burst before this. The Danish diffi culty which when the December mail left England was slowly gathering within its meshes ? svery nation of Europe, has now assumed a form in which war appears to be inevitable. Fhe Federal Diet of Germany, in spite of the strenuous opposition of the two leading Powers —Austria and Prussia — has enthusiastically espoused the cause of the Prince of Augusten burg, and has avowed its determination to maintain his claim to the Duchies by whatever material force is needed for this purpose. The whole of Germany is in such a state of excitement aa has not been witnessed since the memorable year 1&18, when thrones were overturned, and revolutions ruled throughout almost every itate. The Germans are determined to sepa rate the Duchy of Schleswig from Denmark, and set it and Holstein up as a distinct German Principality. It is held that in virtue of old arrangements, going back hundreds of years, Holstein and Schleswig must for ever remain under one Sovereign ; and as Christian of Denmark ia not the legitimate heir to the Duchy of Holstein, therefore, in consequence of the old arrangement, he is excluded from the throne of Schleswig. Prince Augustenburg, who is said to be the legitimate heir to the throne of Holstein, and, if the two places cannot be separated, to that of Schles wig, is therefore put forward as the proper and legitimate sovereign, and it ia clear enough that tbe minor State3 of Germany are determined to maintain bis rights. Austria and Prussia, which, combined, ha?e generally been abb to away tbe Diets to their plans, bare discovered that on this question tbe Federal representa tives are resolved to have their own way ; and the milder policy, advocated by tbe two major Powers, has been indignantly rejected. These Powers see with alarm a third German State growing up which might challenge their right to lead 'a Confederation within tbe Con federation,' which, united with France and England, would become a dangerous element in Germany. The third dreaded Power has almost come. In a strange spirit of enthu siastic independence tbe Diet Las opposed the leadership of Austria and Prussia, and asserted its right to hold a policy of its own. That such an event was unexpected we can well believe. The two Powers have always thought, and not without reason, that united they could rule the Confederation, or disunited paralyse its action. Here, however, they find that they have been deceived. United they have been beateu on a question of policy which involves the relations of the whole of Ger many. The smaller State* represented in the Diet bansg resolved to inrode Scnkswig, tbe greater Powers became alarmed, and astutely enough stepped in and proposed to the Diet that this work might be left to them, and they would take poaaeasion of the Duchy, not in tbe name or as representatives of the Diet, but in their own name and in virtue of the position which they sustained as great Powers in Europe. Having adroitly brought the repre sentatives round to acknowledge their power, they immediately took tbe matter into their own bands and prepared for inrading Schleswig. They take, however, different ground from that assumed by the Federal Diet. They hare their right of interference, not on old treaties, or on tbe indivisibility of the Duchies, or on the I rights of Priuce Augustenburg — they are too shrewd to occupy this ground — but they take their stand on the Treaty of 1S52, when the Danish Minister accepted the ' views of tbe Courts of Berlin and Vienna, more especially in respect to the nonincorpo ration of Schleswig with tbe kiugdom.' It is asserted that by the late Danish Constitution this promise nas been broken, because it incorporates the Duchy of Schleawig with Denmark proper, and ia one step towarda the separation of the Duchies. On that ground alune Austria and Prussia claim the right of interference. Already tbe armies of the two Powers bare crossed the frontier, and now occupy Schleswig. Thia evil King Christian tried to avert, and acting under the- advice of England, he offered to convoke his Parliament and submit to it, aa a constitutional Sovereign ought, the Austrio Prussian demand for the withdrawal of the Constitution. Thia would' have allowed time to consider the question. A month would elapse before tbe Parliament could meet, and probabj six weeks before the subject- could be discussed and the answer be giren. Thia reasonable request baa been refused, and the Times of January 2G states it has obtained official information that intel ligence bad been received by Her Ma jesty's Government that Austria and Prussia had refused to suspend or delay the entry of their troops into Schleswig. The same paper contains one of Reuter'a telegrama to tho effect that tbe Prussian vanguard marched into Kiel ou the morning of January 25, removing the German flag, and placing the Prussian colours on the guard-house. Prince Augus tenburg, who had been proclaimed as the lawful Sovereign of the St&te; witb the title of reigning Duke, ordered bis guard to disperse, in com pliance with the imperative demaud of the Prussian forces. Meanwhile both the Austrian and Prussian Ambassadors were on tbe point of leaving Copenhagen, and would take tboir departure as aoon as tho weather would allow direct communication ; leaving their Secretaries to officiate as Charges d'Affaires. Our later telegrams, which we have already published, present the question in a very serious light. War was immineut. The combined armies of Austria and .Prussia had advanced on tho river Eider ; Denmark had withdrawn her Ambassador from Vienna; the British Government had offered 20,000 troopa to assist Denmark ; while France, which up to the last eeamed to bo in entire accord with England, now refuses to co-operato with her, very much to the delight of the Parisians. Her Majesty's Goremmcnt in view of the present state of things, lmvo resolved to aug ment and Btrenflhen tho fleet. Austria and Prussia are now fully committed to a war, in which probably Russia and Sweden, as well as England and Denmark, will be ugainst them. Which course Louis Napoleon will take it is impossible to foretel. An} tiling like lengthened neutrality oil the part of France would appear to bu out of the question. The poeitiou ia in every respect a difficult one for England, re laird as she is by so many ties to the king doms and principalities of Germany. It is im possible in a question of thia kind, where principles of international policy arc involved and at stake, to allow family ties to iuterfeie with public action. But it is a painful posi tion in which Her Majesty is placed. The husband of her daughter and tbe brother of her late husband being on one side, and the father of her eldest son's wife being on tho other. Such is one of the inconveniencea which follow the custom that regulates the mar riages of British Princes arid Princesees. Looking at tbe state of excitement— wild and enthusiastic— into which tbe people of Prussia and Austria hare fallen on tho Danish ques tion, it would seem that the Governments hare not gone far enough for tbe people. They are blamed r.ot for their armed interference, but for tbe insufficient grouud on which they have put their right of interference. Inatead of putting forward the high patriotic ground — tbe maintenance of German rights in the Duchies — the advisers of King and Kaiser have taken the low ground of violation of the com pact by tbe new Constitution of Denmark ; and, instead of allowing a united Germany as represented in the Federal Diet to vindicate the rights of Germans, they have pushed it aside, and gone forward alone to claim, at the handa of King Christian, a matter which, however important it may be in iteelf, is but a small affair when compared with the maintenance of German rights. The Parliaments of the two nations have giren their Sovereigns unmis takeable evidence that tbe course they bare taken is opposed to tfce views of the people. In tho Chamber of Deputies at Vienna an animated discussion took place, in which the pob'cy of the Emperor was directly censured, and a rote was taken, affirming that tbe Chamber would decline all responsibility for tbe Acta of the Gorernment. At Berlin the opposition to the Government was more decided still. The Chamber of Deputies ordered a Committee to report on a rote giren in tbe Upper House on the budget, and in its report the Committee recommended that the rote in the Upper House should be declared null and roid. This report waa at once adopted by tbe Chamber j and because of this the session was closed and the deputies were sent to their homeB to nuree' their patriotic thoughts in prirate. The King of Prussia seems to Lave taken for his great model and example in kingcraft, Charles the First of England. From the whole of the news we gather that Germany is determined to enforce the claims of the Prince of Augustenburg to the throne of the Duchies, and that though Austria and Prussia hare accepted Schleswig on grounda different from those put forward by the Diet, it ia by no means improbable that, impelled by their own eubjecta and by the sentiment of tbe German nation, the Emperor and the King may yet be led to espouse the cause of tbe German Prince on the ground of German rights. England will hare a difficult part to play, especially with France standing aloof and looking on jealously at the game. Intercolonial News.— Ours telegram contains an account of another coach and mail robbery by bushrangers in New South Wales. Upwards of £1,000 were taken from Chinese passengers, and the mail-bags were rifled of a considerable booty. The commercial intelligence is important and satisfactory, and there are some interesting items of general new3. Funeral of the Late Mr. A. McFarlase. —It will be seen by the advertisement of the undertakers, in another column, that the funeral procession of the late Mr. A. McFarlane, M.P., will leave Ruthyn Lodge, Kensington, for the Clayton Chapel burying ground, on Tuesday, at 12 o'clock noon. Accident to bin. F. Bqttixo, JuN.-On Sa turday afternoon, while the son of Mr. Botting— a youth of about 17— was assisting in the removal of a case of galvanized iron at the premises in Eundle-street east, recently taken by his father, the case fell upon him, and broke one of his legs below the knee. Dr. Whittell was sent for, and the leg being set, the sufferer was removed to his father's residence, and is, we believe, progressing I favourably. Chahqe op Mobdebing an Aborigine.— In the Pohce Court on Saturday Samuel Joseph Btuckey was charged with the murder of Pompey, an abo riginal native, at Umberatana, in the Far North, w Uk 8th January. The only witness called was Mr. Gill, a squatter in the neighbourhood Of the aboyenamed station, who deposed to having gone to the defendant's hut on the evening of the 7th January to obtain protection for a woman named Allen, whose hut had been roblied and herself chased by Pompey, the deceased, who was leader of a tribe called the Saltwater Blacks. Having sent on three men, he remained during the night at Umberatana; but very early on the morning o£ the 8th was roused by a patty of the station natives, who reported that Pompey and other Saltwater blacks had killed one of their number named Minchin. He then, in company with the defendant and Mi. Frank Stuckey, went to the camp of the Saltwaters' and saw Pompey, who was ordered by the defendant to proceed to the station. Instead of doing so, however, he commenced running away, and although called to, refused to stop. .Defendant then fired, and Pompey felL Evidence was given to show that the deceased had acquired a notoriously bad character in the North, and that a warrant was out against him. On the applica. tiou of the Crown Solicitor, who conducted the prosecution (Mr. Stow appearing for the defence), a remand was ordered until the 3rd May; bail - allowed— two sureties of £250 each, and himself in £500. Battle of Aborigines. — A correspondent sends us an account of a great native battle which lasted two days. The scene of the conflict ia stated to have been contiguous to the. Mission Station, and the tribes engftged were on one side those of the Murray, Lake Albert, and Uoorong; upon the other, detachments from the Goolwa and Milang and neighbourhood. About 190 warriors were en gaged in the encounter; and, although our corre spondent had not heard of any having died, jtere. were upwards of 20 severely wounded. One 'well-* known blackfellow, George Merriman, received a spear wound two inches deep in the head. The police had been for some time ou the alert to pre vent this battle, but the natives took advantage of the absence of the troopers at bush tires to have their fight out without interruption. Alarm of Fire at the Port.— Between 3 and . 4 o'clock on Sunday morning a few of the inha bitants of the Port were startled by a cry of fire, and upon proceeding to ascertain the fact it was found that the rafter and door of a malt-kiln be longing to Mr. Wooldridge had become ignited through the kiln being overheated. Prompt as sistance was rendered, and a few buckets of water extinguished the tlauies before much injury had been done. Ben.ch of Magistrates.— The annual meeting of the Bench of Magistrates will be held to-day iu the Adelaide Local Court-House, commencing at 11 o'clock. From tho OazelU we learn that there are 380 applications for the renewal of publicans ' licences, 42 new applications for old houses, 14 applications for new houses, 57 renewals of store keepers' licences, eight new storekeepers' licences, and 19 cattle slaughtering licences, and one pawn broker's licence. Lvsolvency CouiiT.— There was a first hearin in the case of G. D. Macdonald, in which a witneaa was examined at some length by Mr. Daly on ' behalf of tbe opposing creditors. In the matter of.Bcaglchole, Milsteed, & Martin, Mr. Bagot nnnouuced.the withdrawal of the opposition on certain conditons. Pkice of Cower.— At special meetings of the Moonta and Wallaroo Boards, held on Saturday morning, the price of copper was fixed at £105 per tou. The Cape Market.— Messrs. Jno. Hart &Co.; have obligingly furnished uh with the following information, extracted from the letters of their correspondents at the Cape. The first encloses an order for 100 tons flour of their brand, and statea that the price of Cape wheat is from 17s. to IHb. per sock of tliree bushels. Another letter, of tho 24th December, states that the Eastern Provinces do not grow enough for their own consumption, and invites shipments of two or three cargoes of 200 to 300 tons each. The letter then proceeds aa follows :— ' It will be safe to reckon that your fine flour will at least command prices averaging from £20 to £22, and be preferred to Capu flour, which producers do not like to sell at lower quotations than about £24 per ton. Chilian selling at 19a. per 100 lbs., and American at 30s. per barrel.' Immigrants Per Ocean Chief.— In another column will lie found a complete list of tho immi grants per Ocean Chief, which sailed from Ply mouth for Adelaide ou the 4th January. Cape York.— The paddle-wheel steam-sloop Siilamander, 6, Commander the Hon. J. Carnegie, from Sheerness and Portsmouth, arrived at Ply mouth on Thursday morning She is bound to Cape York, Australia, and will take out marine artisans to clear the ununtry of trees, &c;, for the purpose of founding a colony.— SciUxmau. Alijkut Biclls Fund.— We understand that the proceeds of tlie uiitcitninment given by the Lanca shire iHillringcrs in aid of tho Albert Bells Fund, after paying expenses, amount to the sum of £,'14. Venisow.— A tine buck, reared by the Hon. (J. G. Kvcrard, will be slaughtered this morning for Mr. Hines, Parliamentary caterer. The carcass will be on view this day at the shop of Mr. Ballantyne (late Marabcl's), Kundle-streot. (lAWLEn.— Our correspondent's letter give* ft lively idea of the hustle which at present prevail* in the great wheat market of the North. It U pleasing to find that tho milling operations of Messrs. Duth'eld & Co. have not been suspended in consequence of the accident at thu Union Mill, As yet there is no certainty who ia to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr. Barritt, but under all this apparent quiesance a hot contest may be brewing. Wentworth.— The letter of our Wentworth correspondent gives a lively idea of the bustle that prevails at that port. It also mentions a heavy flood in the Darling, the water at Fort Bourke having risen 10 feet in six days, and was atill rising. Information had been received of the murder of a Mr. Dowland and four men in his service while engaged iu forming a station ou the Paro Itiver. The information was brought to Fort Bourko by friendly natives, and a party hud ken dispatched to make enquiries, and if possible recover the bodies. The same letter contains some painful particulars of the supposed murder of a man by his mate, who is, however, hotly pursued by tlie police and settlers. Woman's Love and Woman's Constancy.— Let no one say that these virtues so often attri buted to the fair sex exist only in works of fiction, or are merely the creation of a poet's fancy. That they are something more than this at Glcnelg has just been shown in the reception of a wandering husband, who, after two years only of married life, went to the Victoria diggings, and remained there IU years, never sending hia wife a single Bhilling or a line to let her know of his existence during the whole period. Through all these weary years has his better, yea his best, half striven hard to support herself in respectability and comfort, and has now to keep the wreck of a husband who with shattered constitution has found his way to her abode. Water Supply to Bowden and Bbompton. —We have received a letter from a correipondent, giving the name of the person who erected the stand-pipe as the individual to whom the inhabi tants of Bowden and Brompton are indebted for a supply of the pure element. Our correspondent must, on reflection, see that we were correct in giving that honour to the Commissioner of Public Works, who allowed the water to be conveyed to the spot, without which the stand-pipe would be of little use. Swimming Matches at the Bay. -Messrs. Bastard, Penney, and Unwin visited Glenelg. on Saturday, to make arrangements for the intended, matches there. Mr. Most-ley guaranteed a sub scription of i£f and the Committee determinejjLAB write on the subject to the Glenelg CorpoWtton. tuld the necessary encouragement be given, matches will, in all probability, come off on the first Saturday in April. City Rifle Club.— A few of the members of the City Rifle Club met for practice at the Butts, on the South Park Lands, on Saturday, March 12. The weather was very worm. The three long ranges were fired over— seven rounds at each dis tance— with the following result:— , ? Yards ? » Tnt., 800 1)00 1,000 lom Ayers ? U 1« « 45 Ferguson ? 24 19 14 §7 Letehford ? 17 M « *i J$mill ? 4 13 14 48 Singleton ? 0 5 0 5 Smith ? 12 16 12 40 Turner ? 21 16 13 60 Williams ? » 5 7 21 Cricket Match.— The return match between the Glenelg and St. Mary's Cricket Clubs came off on the ground of the former Club on Saturday, March 12. From 'the following score, which, haa l-een supplied to us, it will be perceived that the St. Mary's eleven obtained 06 rum in their first innings, while their opponents succeeding ia making a score of 186 runs. In the second inning ? tbe St. Mary's eleven obtained 55 runs, with four wickets down. Subjoined is the score : — St. Mary's Club. Firat Innings. Second Innings. B. Featheratone run out 3 b. Fisher ? 10 W. Mattingly, b. Beed 14 c Marchant, b. , „ L Beed ? 10 F. Burton, b. Fuher ... 0 W, Featheratone, b. Fisher ? 7 not out ? 3 W. Burton, c. Fisher ... 8 B. Browne run out ... 2 not out ? 1 J. Robinson, c. Keed, b. Hurst ? 5 stumped out ... SO H. Shearing, b. Hurst ... 5 A. Waterman, b. Hunt 5 E.H. Babbagenotout... 4 b. Marchant ... \ H. Edwards, b. Fisher... O Byes ? 7 Byes ? 8 Leg Byes ? ... 3 Lea byes... 0 Wides ? 3 Wfdes ... J 66 55 Glenelo Clcb. Fust Innings. W. Fisher, b. Mat- W. H. Bundey. b. tingly ? 47 Mattmglv ? 0 F.Holcomb, b.Kobin- Reed. b. Mattingly 5 son . 25 Mitchell, b. Mattingly 0 J. Huret not out ... 58 Squires b. Mattingly 13 F.Marchont,b.Kobin- H. S. Price, b. Mat son ? 4 tinaly ? 0 F. B. Carhn. c. Shear- Byes ? 10 ing, b. Mattingly, 0 Ltg By«s ... 3 Fullarton, c. Shearing — b, Robinson ... 1 180 ? Fdheiai.opthkLatbRev.B.W.Newlasd.— The remains of the late Rev. K. W. Newland, of Encounter Bay, who was accidentally killed on Wednesday, the 9th iiist, were interred on Friday, March 1L The funeral started at half-past 1 o'clock from the residence of Mr. B. F. Laurie, ' S.M., at whose house it will be remembered the rev. gentleman breathed his lost, and reached iia destination at half-past 3 o'clock in the afternoon. The procession was headed by the members of the joint churches of Bald Hills and Encounter Bay. The hearse was followed by the members of the deceased gentleman's family— Mr. W. Newland, Mr. Mart (son-in-law of the deceased), and Mi. D. Sutherland and the Rev. J. B. Austin (executors of the Bev. Mr. Newland's will) being the chief mourners. Among those who preceded the hearse were the Revs. J. Hotham, C. Hodge (Bible Christian minister), F.W. Cox, andC. Manthorpe, Dr. Hill (the professional attendant of the deceased), and Mr. B. F. Laurie, S.M. The cavalcade, on starting from Mr. Laurie's house, was considerable, and at every road during the journey it was augmented, by numbers of persons on horseback and in TCbAcles,' who came from the country round Goolwa, Hiddleton. and Port Elliot; and by the tune the mournful twin had reached the Alex andra and Xerland Bridges its length was at least half a mile. At Encounter Bay the Sunday-school children, headed by their teachers, were drawn up and joined the procession, and other friends also shortly after joined the cortege. At length the chapel in which Mr. Newland had preached for so many years wa3 reached, and the coffin, which tested on tressel*, was placed in front of the door, and the congregation— numbering some hundreds —gathered round. The funeral solemnities were then commenced by the Rev. John Hotham giving out the bymh, ' Hear what the voice from Heaven proclaims,' and reading passages from the Scriptures, and offering prayer. The Rev. Mr. , Manthorpe. in a very touching discourse, then addressed the. people, taking for his topic the last words the deceased spoke to him during his recent visit to town— 'I have no fear.' During hia address the rev. gentleman remarked that in those words were to be found the key to the deceased's character through life. The audience was deeply moved by the affectionate address of the rev. gentleman, who stood on terms of in timate relationship with the deceased. After a hymn, given out by the Rev. James Howie, had been sung, and prayer offered by the Rev. J. B. Austin, the remains were removed into the chapel, preceded by the Rev. F. W. Cox, who read por tions of the burial service. The body was then lowered into the grave which hail been dug beneath the pulpit in which Mr. Newland had so often ministered the Gospel and at this part of the solemn proceedings it was evident that the feelings of the persons assembled were deeply touched. A last sad look at the coffin containing the remains of him they loved so well was then taken, and the Rev. F. W. Cox concluded the mournful ceremony by delivering an impressive address and by pronouncing the benediction. We may mention that the Rev. James Jetieris, in con sequence of sickness in his house, was prevented rom attending the funeral, as he intended. Axxivebsart Services at St. Andrew's Chubch.— The anniversary services of St. Andrews Church were commenced on Sunday, March 12 The Rev. G. Stonehouse officiated in the morn ing, and preached from the 15th verse of the 3rd chapter of Ephesians— ' Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named.' referring particularly to the close relationship existing between believers of all ages and lands between those on earth and those in heaven. The Rev. J. Maughan preached an excellent sermon in the afternoon from the words ' Thus it ia written, and hus it behoved Christ to suffer, and to rise from the dead the third day (Luke, 24th and 4b'th). In the evening the Rev. J. Jeiferis occupied the pulpit, and delivered before a full congregation an eloquent discourse from Acts 2b'th and 28th— 'Then Agrippa said unto Paul almost though persuadest me to be a Christian.' The collections during the day amounted to about £12. Fatal Accident.— On batunlay afternoon an accident occurred at the Port Railway Terminus, which caused the death of a lad named William Brien, who was employed to hook and unhook the horses used in shunting the trucks on the various lines of rails. He had hooked the horses on to three trucks which were required to be removed a short distance on the line of rails passing along Lipson-street, and it is supposed that instead of walking between the rails until he was wanted to detich the horses, he must have been walking oh one of the rails, an-l when passing a switch, his foot slipped between the roils, and before he could extricate himself, he was knocked down, and the whole of tfoe six wheels passed along his right leg, side, and arm, mutilating them in a most frightful manner. The b- »y wxs not missed by the driver of the horses until he called to him to unhook them, but was immediately afterwards found lying on the rails. Dr. (iething was in immediate attend ance, but said at once that the case was a hopeless one. As, however, the lad was still alive, he was removed into the station, where he died within an hour and a quarter of the accident. The body was then removed to the Railway Hotel, where Mr. B. Douglas, S.M., held an inquest on Sunday after noon. The Jury being sworn, proceeded to view the body, which presented afearf ul sight. William Henry Wells, the driver of the horses, was exa mined, and stated that after the deceased haJ hooked on the horses to three trucks of wheat, he drove on, and did not miss him till he called to him to unhook. He then turned the horses out of the track and unhooked them himself, and, upon looking round for the boy, saw him lying on the rails. He called to John Lundy, another man employed on the rails, and they ran towards him. Witness then hurried for a doctor, and returned with Dr. Gething. Others came to the spot, and ths deceased was removed to the Station. His leg and foot were jammed between the points, which were open. Had always told the boy to walk close to the chain, where he would be out of danger. The place where the accident' occurred was about 50 yards from where they started, and about the same distance from where the trucks started. In answer to the Coroner, the witness stated that it was not usual for the boys to go from the front of the truck after hooking on the horses, but to remain there to unhook. If the breaks were required the boys would have to run to the side of the truck and put them down. Witness had been employed in that capacity about two montlis; the deceased had only been em ployed eight days. Johu Lundy corroborated a portion of the evidence of the previous witness lie was also interrogated by the Coroner respecting the number of accidents which had occurred to bojs similarly employed. Robert Gething, M.D., stated that when he was called he found the deceased lying on his face, the right foot jammed in thn points. Thought he was dead; but after a minute or two he began to breathe, and was removed to the Station. The right leg and arm were terribly mutilated, and the left thigh broken. It appeared as though he had been walking on the rail and his foot slippled between foe converging rails. Martha Bnen said she was a widow, and the deceased was her son. He was 14 years of age. Was with him when he died. His Worship addressed tho Jury on the evidence, and after a ihort deliberation a verdict of 'Accidental death1' was recorded, with the following rider:— 'The Jury recommend the employers on the railway not to employ boys under the age of IS to hook and unhook the chains of the horses attached to the trucks.*' Accident ok the South-Road. — A corre spondent sends us the following:—' While acci dents of the most melancholy character have been so prevalent of late, too much care cannot be exercised by persons driving cattle on the public roads in preventing them from remaining on the — road unattended by the driver. An accf&ent;, which Ml might have proved fatal, occurred on Friday last to Mr. Hopkins, of Wiliunga, who, while on his way from Adelaide, and when about 14 miles on the road, saw some 15 or 20 bullocks standing still on the road. When some 500 or 600 yards from them, and the horses were going at a steady trot, there was ample room for the cart to pass through, but coming close to them, and too late to pull the horses up, one of the bullocks moved across the read, completely stoping it up, and came in con tact with'thc horses' heads. The horses plunged on the other side, striking a bullock with the shaft of the cart, which instantly turned over on the wheel, breaking the shaft, and pitching the whole of the goods and Mr. Hopkins out upon the road; his son, who was with him, falling between the cart and the horses legs, mysteriously escaped uninjured. Mr. Hop . kins in the fall striking his head against a keg of A red lead, received a wound, which bleeding freely, gave relief, and no further injury appears to be sustained beyond the broken shaft and some of the goods broken. Mr. Hopkins begs to ackn ? ledge the kind attention he received frorn. two m n who came from a farm close .by, in binding up the shaft, placing the goods in the cart, and enabling him to proceed homeward, and also that of a lad who came up when all was over, and did all he could to get the cattle on.' A Northebjt Sympathizer. — We find the following in a New York weekly paper of December 12, addressed to theEditor:— ' I have just received a letter from my father, dated Adelaide, Sep tember 26. The following is transcribed from it. — J. H. :— ' I am glad to find that you like America, and the American character. Though you say very little about the war of independence, as it is called here, I suppose your sympathies are with therNorth. So are my own, and they always have been. I cannot understand how it is that the English generally seem to think that the South are fighting in the just cause of Liberty. No doubt 4 you Northerners have a good deal to answer for, but thejmonstrous evil of slavery which curses theSouth must be rooted out, even if it be done by a war of extermination. There is no hope of reformation from within, for the Church itself, to its Bhame and eternal disgrace, defends it. Slavery, they say, is an institution established by God, and sanctioned by the Bible. Those good old 6lave . holders, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, set the example, and they who would overthrow the institution are the enemies of order, &c.; Now it is a well-known fact in physiology that when a ^ disease ceases to be painful it is past cure. And i so it is morally. Reformation is never hopeless while there is a consciousness of the |presencc of evil; but when they say— '.iivil be tbou myjjood'— ail is lost.1' Northern .Tebritoet.— There were two ap plications for lots of land inthe Northern territory on Saturday, of 160 acres each lot Deposits upon three single allotments were made at the Bank of Australasia. The following is a statement of the transactions from the commencement to the prc- 1 sent time:— Dates. Applications. Deposits. Acres. March 1 to 5 :... 301 £S,3S0 0 67,040 ' 7 ... t.. - 11 200 0 1,600 ' 8 ... ».. 12 240 0 1,920 ' 9 ? 2 40 0 320 ' 10 ? 3 t» 0 4S0 ' 11 ... ... 3 SO 0 640 ' 12 ... %.. 2 t» 0 4S0 Totals «.. 334 £9,060 0 72.480 We understand that there has been received a despatch from, the Agent-General by this mail, stating that h& had made all the necessary prelimi nary arrangements for the sale in London of land in the Northern Territory, and that the Bank of England had consented to receive deposits and issue forms of. application. The Government have accepted the tender of Messrs. Elder, Smith, and Co., agents, referring to the Henry Ellis, 401 tons burden new registry, as the vessel to be dispatched with the expedition to the Northern coast. Her commander. Captain Phillips, is a man of con siderable experience in such matters, having con veyed many expeditions to different parts of the coast of Afric*. We have reason to believe that the Executive, consider themselves fortunate in having been able to secure such a roomy .ship and such a suitable commander for the conveyance of the expedition from Adelaide. During the last few weeks several private expeditions have been spoken of, anil in one case all the necessary funds were subscribed to start a party under Mr. Ball, a bushman cf some iepute. In this case it was pro posed that Mr. Ball should start from a point on the opposite coast and penetrate inland. Another project was to send a vessel to Shark's Bay, and the movers in this plan proposed that Mr. Ball and party shoald make Shark's Bay the base of their exploration! This proposed junction of two companies w*s, after consideration, abandoned; and .Mr. Ball has intimated to his patrons that his health will n(£ admit of his taking charge of the party, for which ample funds had been provided. The Lancashire Beixringers.— On Saturday afternoon there was a large attendance, chiefly of juvenilps, at White's Rooms. The children from the Destitute .Asylum were present, and seemed to very much enjoy the entertainment which was so charitably given them. There was also a very good audience in the evening, during which Miss Chalker sang several pongs in excellent style, especially 'Bid me Discourse' aad 'Beautiful Bells.' The Bellringers played a number of pieces with their accustomed skill and precision. The 'Mount Schottische,' which involves a rapid changing of the bells, was admirably performed. This was their last appearance in Adelaide, and they perform) at Gawler to-night and to-morrow, en route for Kapunda. Prize Cup.— We were favoured on Saturday with a view of the prize cup presented by the Agricultural Tind Horticultural Society of South Australia toj Mr. Thomas Curling as the sue. cessful competitor in the exhibition of wheat at the late Show. It is handsomely modelled in silver, gilt inside, and richly chased on the exterior. The following is a copy of the inscription :— ' b. A. Agricultural and Horticultural Societies prize for the best 50 bushels of wheat, won by Thomas Curling.' We may mention that Mr. Curling is son-in- law of. Mr. John Frame, a veteran prize exhibitor and scientific farmer. The Messrs. Peacock's Establishment at Hixdmarsh.— A visit to the wool-sorting and fell mongery establishment of the Messrs. Peacock at Hindmarsh would well repay the time it occupied. The wool as it is received from the stations in the interior is placed in store, from whence it is re moved as re'quired by the sorters. These men open the bales, take out the fleeces, and with sur prising rapidity separate the fine from the coarser sorts of wool which form part of each fleece. The different SOrtS Of wool thus Dlaeeil annrt .irp KPim rately forwarded to the scouring shed, where there is a huge boiler, into which fits a perforated vessel that can be raised and lowered by a crane. When the wool has been subjected for a sufficient time to the action of iwiling water in the perforated vessel, it is raised and tilted so as to throw out the wool by means oS the crane before mentioned. The scoured wool is next conveyed to the washers, who, standing on stages erected upon piles in the river, immense the scoured wool in sunken cages, which allow ihe current to carry off all impurities, but retain the wool, where it is agitated with peculiar implements gntil it becomes snowy white, or, if coloured, petfectly clean. The wool is next carried to the dryicB ground, which covers an area of nearly half an acre. The floor of this expanse is made of coiu'rete, with an incline to admit of the rapid escape of moisture. It is covered with sheets to admit of the more ready removal of the wool in the event of rain or when it is suffi ciently dried. Upon those sheets the damp wool is spread, and turned from time to time until it is dry. and then it is carried to the lofts, where it remains until it is thought desirable to press it into bales ftir shipment For this process the ?Messrs. Peacock have, in addition to the old screw presst a new and powerful crank press, erected by the Messrs. Horwood, which effects, we are assured, %a saving o; 0 per cent, in time and labour in cpmpressing the wooL On Friday several gentlemen visited the premises, at the invitation of the Messrs. Peacock, to 3ee the new press in operation, for which, we understand the Messrs. Horwood have claimed a patent. Mr.. John Howard Clark and Mr. John Newman were present to report officially on the claim. Ampngst the other gentlemen present we noticed Mr. Geo. Young, Mr. Jamieson. Mr* Phillips. Mr.jH. J. Price, and Dr. Browne. The Hon ? W. Peacock and Mr. Joseph Peacock, M.P., were present; and with Mr. Burnell, their very intelli gent superintendent, showed the visitors over the premises, awl explained several interesting pro cesses in connection with wool-sorting and pressing. The new press, worked by three men. was, in the presence of the visitors, charged with upwards of two cwt. one quarter of wool, which was compressed into a compact bale, stitched, and turned out ready for marking in little more than 40 minutes. It was stated that the time usually occupied in eflecting the same work .by five men with the scrsw-press was an hour and a half. As the new crank-press is the subject of a claim a for a patent we refrain from describing its mechanism. The fellmongering department icals with 4he sheepskins sent in by butchers. Large quantities also are received from the country. The skins, which are usually received dry and hard, are steeped in a tank, and from thence remoied to and hung up in an air-tight apart ment called (he sweating room. Having remained there a sufficient time for the wool to become loose they are removed to the pulling shop, where they are rapidly denuded of the wool left on them by the shearers. The skins are afterwards used up in glue and size making and other purposes con nected with .the arts. The sheepskins intended to be tannetl are pulled in another manner less destructive to their substanee. As we have said, a visit to the establishment would repay the trouble and would be especially instructive to young persons, who have usually little conception of the value of substances which are turned to most profitable account by the Messrs. Peacock. Moloch Hobridu3.— A pair of the very sin gular lizards known by this name havej ustbeen irnilfht frnm Rilintrip ahnut: 'Wi miloa nnrf-.h Since their capture it is stated they have declined to eat anything. Their proper food is no doubt insects, probably beetles. Mr. C. A. Wilson, to whom they have been submitted, has favoured us with, the following description of them:— 'This kind of lizard was first seen and described by Governor (then Captain) Grey during his travels in Western Australia. He figured it also in his work, and naned it Moloch horrvlus (Horrid King), on account ca its peculiar appearance. Since this a pair of stuffed specimens were for some time n the possession of Mr. Summers, formerly Secretary to the Sou\h Australian Institute, and there is at leas' one in the Adelaide Museum preserved in spirits. These lizards seldom exceed four 'inches in length. The present pair are unequal^ in size, the smaller being probably a young one, as I do not think the sexes differ so much. The spines which cover the whole of the tail, legs, and body, not even excepting the space above the eyes, are beautifully variegated with different sliades of red and brown. Though apparently quiet in confinement, these reptiles ore said to be (ictive enough when at liberty; and though formidable-looking, appearances are in their case, as in many others, deceitful for I believe they are qui(e harmless.' GOVERNMEJT ADVERTISING IN NEW SOUTH Walks.— Wp take from the Sydney Morning Herald the following answer reported to have been given to a question iu Parliament as to the amounts paid in New South Wales for advertising public business:— Sydney Morning Herald, £153 3s. 6d. ; Empire, £761 13s. ; BelVs Life, £17 Is. ; Freeman's Journal, £118 5s. 6d.; Christian Pleader. £13 Os. 4d. ; Evening Star, £6 10s. ; Economist, £1 15s. ; Public Lands Circular, £1 4s. 6d. ; German News paptr, £2 -9s. 6u\; Albury Banner, £162 16s.; Armidale Repress, £77 8s. Sd. ; Braidwood News, £7S 12s. ; Bvaidicood Observer, £93 5s. 6d. ; Braid to d Dispatch, £SS 11s. 9d. ; Bathurst Free Press, £159 15s.; Bathurst Times, £27 8s. 9d.; Burran gong Star,. £78 6s.; Burrowa Times, £102 6s.; Border Post, £185 5s. ; Clarence River Advocate £75 16s. 9d-; Goulburn Herald, £101 Is. 6d.; Goulburn Chronicle, £141 Is. ; Golden Age, £92 10s.; Graf ton Advocate, £5 is.; Hunter River and Northern Advocate, £133 lfo. Is.; Illawarra Mercury, £91 lls. 6d. ; Illawarra Express, £91 Is.; A'tamti .Examiner, £7S 19s. 3d.; Mima Independent, £1 8s. ; Lacklan Miner, £105 17s. 6d.; LachUn Observer, £66 4s. 6d.; Maiflaud Mercury, £259 13s. 2d. ; Maitland Ensign, £231 17s. 3d. ; Miinaro Mercury, £102 113. 9d. ; Moruya, Messenger £93 173. ; Mudgee Liberal, £111 13s. 3d. ; Murray Giifette, £20 4s. 6d. ; Newcastle Chronicle, £134 4a. thl'; Newcastle Idajrap/i, £9:) 2s. ; Pas tund Time.:, £170 14s.; Single'on Times, £105 4s. 9d.; Tamworth Examine); £107 12s. 3d.; Tcnterfidd Chronicle, £73 us.; Wes'ern Post, £13212s.; Western Examiner, £92 7s. 3d.: Western Post and Mudgee Newspaper, £2 3s. 6d. ; Wyn yardTim.es. £143 14s, 6d. ; Wagga Wagga Express, £165 Is. fid; Yass]Couriir, £159 8s. Od. Total, £5,765 6s. 9d, 