THE NEWS BY THE MAIL. TRANSPORTATION TO THE BRITISH COLONIES. On June 22 a deputation of Australian colonists resident in England waited by ap- pointment upon the Right Hon. E. Cardwell, Colonial Secretary, for the purposo of pre- senting a petition, praying for the entire cessation of the transportation of criminals to that part of the empire. The deputation was composed of the following gentlemen : Sir C. Clifford, D. Cooper, Bart.; D. Benjamin, Esq. ; W. Brodie, Esq. ; S. H. Cox, Esq. ; F. Ducroz, Esq.; P. F. Fitzgerald, Esq.; G. Fullerton, Esq.; W. Henty, Esq.; J. G. Knight, Esq.; A. McArthur, Esq.; J. M. Coombie, Esq. ; Rev. J. Moore ; G. Rolf, Esq. ; F. J. Sargood, Esq.; G. Thornton, Esq.; R. Torrens, Esq ; G. M. Waterhouse, Esq. ; W. Westgarth, Esq.; A. Youl, Esq.; and R. R. Alexander, Esq., honorary secretary. The following memorial was presented: " To the Right Hon. Edward Cardwell, M.P., Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies. " Sir, - We beg respectfully to address you as Australian colonists resident in this country, who are anxious to co-operate with the earnest and energetic efforts that are now being made in Australia for the entire cessa- tion of transportation to that part of the em- pire. Although convicts are now sent only to the small and apparently isolated colony of Western Australia, yet from abundant evi- dence it has been shown that they readily find their way into the other Australian colonies, and that they will in future do so still more easily by the increasing facilities of communication and the present rapid ap- proximation of the eastern aud western settlements. On this subject, as you are doubtless aware, the Legislature of South Australia has lately forwarded a very earnest representation to Her Majesty the Queen. The colony of Victoria has also transmitted three successive similar appeals of a very strenuous character to the British people, and has once more inaugurated the Anti transportation League which twelve years ago opposed the system in Eastern Australia, the colonists having again bound themselves to incessant agitation until they shall have at- tained their present object. The difficulties of the mother country as to the disposal of her criminals can form no just reason for persisting to transfer them to Australia, where there are already large and settled British societies, charged with the care and expense of their own criminals. We would further remark that those cares and expenses are enormously greater than they would otherwise have been, in consequence of the former system of transportation, from the baneful effects of which the Australian colonies are still suffering. We would direct attention to the very significant fact that this is now the only subject of dissatisfaction existing, or likely to arise, between the Aus- tralian colonies and the parent state by which the loyalty and good feeling now so happily prevailing throughout those communities might be weakened or destroyed. We cannot conclude sir, without calling to your remembrance a circumstance most im- portant to our case, viz, the distinct intima- tion, made upwards of eleven years ago by Her Majesty's Government, of the intention at some early date to abandon altogether the system of transportation to any part of Aus- tralia. This intimation was made by your right hon. predecessor in the Colonial Office, the Duke of Newcastle, who, in his place in Parliament on the 17th of February, 1853, and with reference to that part of the Royal speech delivered in November previous, which had recommended the entire cessation of the system with regard to Van Dieman's Land, spoke to the following effect : - ' Looking at all these facts, the Government had come to the conclusion that it might be safe and wise, for a short period and to a limited extent, to continue transportation to Western Aus- tralia; .... and, looking to the cir- cumstance that Western Australia now re- mained the only colony to which, with safety to the interests of the colonists, trans- portation could be continued, that he could not, on the part of the Government, hold out any expectation but that transportation to West Australia would also before long be brought to a final conclusion. However, con- victs would in all probability be sent out to the colony for a very short time and to a limited extent; but, with regard to Van Dieman's Land and all the other colonies, no further convicts would be sent to them.' The Victoria League above alluded to has prominently noticed this statement, and these colonies generally have since regarded it as amounting virtually to a pledge on the part of Her Majesty's Government for an early and total cessation. We do, therefore, venture to hope, sir, that for these, as they appear to us, very grave and sufficient reasons, you will give this address a favour ble consideration and use all the influence of your high position to remove this sole and lingering cause of dissatisfaction in the Aus- tralian settlements. We are, sir, very re- spectfully, for the meeting of colonists, " William Hunty, Chairman, Late Colonial Secretary of Tasmania." Sir D. Cooper, Bart, said that the gentle- men forming the deputation represented various colonies in Australia. They thought the Government were being misinformed upon the subject of transportation, and could assure the Colonial Secretary that there was a large and well-grounded antipathy amongst the colonists to receive convicts. They hoped to be able to induce the Imperial Govern- ment to name a time when the evil com- plained of should cease. It was a well-ascer tained fact that the colony of New South Wales had progressed much more rapidly since the breaking up of the old system of transportation. Its great prosperity, in fact, might be said to date from that time. The colonists were not unreasonable, but would contentedly bear the infliction for a short time if a guarantee was given that at a cer- tain period - say five or ten years - it should altogether cease. Sir C. Clifford and Mr. W. Westgarth having spoken in support of the memorial, Mr. Henty, the late Colonial Secretary of Tasmania, instanced, as one of the evils arising from the present system, the fact, that in a population of 84,000 there were annually nine deaths by murder. Compared with the population ot this country, if the like evil obtained, the deaths by murder would be 3,400 per annum. Mr. Waterhouse (South Australia), Mr. Ful- lerton (Queensland), Rev. Mr. Moore (West Australia), and others, having spoken, " Mr. Macarthur, representing New South Wales, said be approved of the address which had been presented, and of the sentiments expressed by Sir D. Cooper. The present movement was very much owing to a state- ment made by the Duke of Newcastle, that transportation would cease to the colonies, and the colonists believed that intimation would be carried out in a short time. It had been stated that the colony of New South Wales sustained very great injury by the breaking up of the former system of trans- portation. Some injury might have been sustained by the pastoral settlers, but it was a well ascertained fact that the colony made more rapid strides after transportation had ceased than at any formor period, and it had now attained a position which it would not probably have attained for the next fifty or 100 years if transportation had continued. It would satisfy the colonists if an expression of opinion was given that transportation should cease to Western Australia in three or five years. The colonists did not wish to be unreasonable, and did not wish to embarrass Her Majesty's Government. Although they felt that the transportation of convicts to Western Australia was a serious injury, for the sake of peace they would bear the infliction for a short period; but they feared that transportation to Western Aus- tralia was likely to be perpetuated, and they had no guarantee that the evil might not be increased. Within the last few days. Earl Grey had distinctly stated that he hoped what he considered an unwise decision would be overruled, and that the recommendations of tho commissioners would be carried out. They would deeply regret if anything occurred to mar the friendly feelings which existed, and which, as colonists, they were anxious to cherish, but they felt this was a vital ques- tion, affecting as it did not only their present peace and comfort, but their future prosperity and happiness. They objected to transporta- tion for various reasons, as tending to in- crease their police and gaol expenses, as a moral evil dangerous to the colony, especially to its yonth, and as preventing a large immi- gration which would otherwise take place there. They, therefore, earnestly hoped the Government would take the matter into con- sideration, and would not adopt a system likely to weaken the loyalty to the Govern- ment which the colonists ever felt. The Colonial Secretary said, he thought the objections urged against the system of convict emigration were very natural on their part, and he might say they were very honourable. They spoke of these objections as if they never had been recognised by the Government at home, and as if it were the in- tention of the Government to send convicts to the colonies which objected to receive them. Surely one might expect that one of the first sentiments of the deputation would be to recognise the sense evinced by the Im- perial Government of their feelings. What were the circumstances of the case? A com- mission, composed of some of the highest men in the country, recommended almost with unanimity a great increase in the number of convicts to be sent to the colony of Western Australia. The colony of Western Australia was not unwilling to receive those convicts, and they would excuse him for say- ing to a deputation, representing so strongly the feeling of the colonists, that they ought not to be ignorant of the feelings of the colony which in this case was prin- cipally concerned. Not at all insensible of the great weight of the recommen- dation, the Queen's Government did not carry the recommendation into effect ; but, on the contrary, declined to carry it into effect, out of deference to the feeling of the other Aus- tralian colonies. The only important change they had made in the system that existed before had been the abolition of the condi- tional papers - another proof of consideration for the feelings of the colonists. Therefore, they must excuse him saying that all the arguments which had been addressed to him did not contain the smallest testimony that the Imperial Government had not already shown a strong sense of consideration for other colonies. They had shown a marked desire to consider the feelings of the Austra- lian colonists. Departing with great reluc- tance from the advice given by the Royal Commission, they consulted the feel- ings of the Australian colonies, and he thought it was only right that other colonies should he entitled to respectful con sideration. The regulations of the Imperial policy between the British Government and the colony of Western Australia was a matter which rested with the Imperial Government, and which must be decided partly by the feelings of the Australian colonies, and partly also by the feelings of Western Australia. He thought it due to the Government to make these observations, and he was not prepared to give a pledge as to a departure from the policy which the despatch of the Duke of Newcastle carefully announced. The policy of the Imperial Government would be guided in the first instance by what was wise and right, and the feelings of the Australian colonies would be also considered. He would be ready to receive, with the utmost con- sideration, all representations that might be made from all the colonies, but he declined to promise that any change should be made in the policy which had been already an- nounced. Mr. Foster said so many promises have been made that transportation should cease, that if the colonists had been a little slow in ac- knowledging the paternal care of the home Government they might he excused, as they were all exceedingly grateful for the favours shown. The allusion to agitation was not intended as a threat. The Colonial Secretary did not intend to tax them with a want of courtesy. At present he had nothing to add, as he could give them no pledge whatever. The deputation then withdrew. SINKING OF THE ALABAMA. After a short but active career, the cele- brated Confederate cruiser Alabama has been sunk in the British Channel by the guns of a Federal war-steamer. The Alabama, after a cruise of nearly two years, was, as may be supposed, thoroughly out of repair, and, as we mentioned in our last, had arrived in Cher bourg Harbour, and received permission to refit. The Federal war-steamer Kearsage, which has been cruising about in European waters for some time, arrived off Cherbourg the day after the Alabama had gone into port, and waited outside the harbour at a non-blockading distance, thus challenging the Southern cruiser. Captain Semmes appears to have thought that it would be disgraceful of him not to accept such a challenge, and though the Federal vessel was superior in weight of metal, and probably in the number of men, the disparity did not appear to him so great as to make the contest a rash or hopeless one. On Sunday, the 19th inst., therefore, the Alabama steamed out of Cherbourg harbour to meet her challenger, being escorted by a French frigate to the limits of the port. An English gentleman, Mr. Lancaster, of Hindley- hall, near Wigan, hearing of the en- counter that was about to take place, went out from Cherbourg in his yacht, the Deer hound, accompanied by his wife and family, to see the combat, which took place about nine miles from land. The accounts of the fight vary somewhat. The Times'' correspon- dent at Southampton describes it as follows : "The Alabama left Cherbourg harbour about ten o'clock on Sunday morning, and the Kearsage was then several miles out to seaward, with her steam up, ready for action. The French plated ship of war Couronne escorted the Alabama out of harbour, and stopped when the vessels were a league off the coast, her object being to see that there was no violation of the law of nations by any fight taking place within the legal distance from land. One of the officers of the Alabama names 11.10 as the commencement of the action, and 12.40 as the period of its cessation, making its duration an hour and a half ; while the time observed on board the Deerhound, which is most likely to be accurate, that vessel being free from the excitement and confusion necessarily existing on board the Alabama, limited the action to an hour, the last shot being fired at ten minutes past twelve. The distance between the two contending vessels when the Alabama opened fire was estimated on board the Deerhound at about a mile, while the Alabama's officer tells me that she was a mile and a half away from the Kear- sage when she fired the first shot. Be this as it may, it is certain that the Alabama com- menced the firing, and as it is known that her guns were pointed for a range of 2,000 yards, and that the second shot she fired, in about half a minute after the first, went right into the Kearsage, that may be taken as the real distance between the two ships. The firing became general from both vessels at the distance of a little under a mile, and was well sustained on both sides, Mr. Lancaster's impression being that at no time during the action were they less than a quarter of a mile from each other. Seven complete circles were made in the period over which the combat lasted. It was estimated on board the Deer hound that the Alabama fired in all about 150 rounds, some single guns, and some in broadsides of three or four, and the Kearsage about 100, the majority of which were 11-inch ahells. The Alabama's were principallv Blake ley's pivot guns. In the early part of the action the relative firing was about three from the Alabama to one from the Kearsage, but as it progressed the latter gained the advantage, having apparently a much greater power of steam. She appeared to have an advantage over the Alabama of about three knots an hour, and steam was seen rushing out of her blowpipe all through the action, while the Alabama seemed to have very little steam on. At length the Alabama's rudder was disabled by one of her opponent's heavy shells, and they hoisted sail ; but it was soon reported to Captain Semmes by one of his officers that his ship was sinking. With great bravery the guns were kept ported till the muzzles were actually under water, and the last shot from the doomed ship was fired as she was settling down. When her stern was completely under water, Captain Semmes gave orders for the men to save themselves as best they could, and every one jumped into the sea and swam to the boats which had put off to their rescue. Those of them who were wounded were ordered by Captain Semmes to be placed in the Alabama's boats and taken on board the Kearsage, which was as far as possible obeyed. Captain Semmes and those above-mentioned, were saved in the Deer hound's boats, and when it was ascertained that the water was clear of every one that had life left, and that no more help could be ren- dered, the yacht steamed away for Cowes and thence to this port. "The Kearsage, it is known, has for some time past been in hot pursuit of the Alabama, which vessel Captain Winslow was deter- mined to follow everywhere till he overtook his enemy. Very recently she chased and came up with one of the vessels of the Chinese expeditionary force returning to England, and ran alongside with her guns pointed and crew at quarters, before she could be convinced of her mistake, for the expeditionary vessel was very like the celebrated Confederate cruiser. The Kearsage was then described as likely to prove a formidable overmatch for the Alabama, having higher steam power and rate of speed, and a crew 'nearly double' that under Captain Semmes. The Alabama, too, after her long cruise, was sorely in need of a refit. Part of her copper, it is said, was off, and her bottom was covered with long weeds. The crew of the Alabama comprised in all about 120 when she left Cherbourg. Of these ten or twelve were killed during the action, and a number were known to be drowned. When the men came on board the Deerhound they had nothing on but their drawers and shirts, having been stripped to fight, and one of the men, with a sailor's de votedness, insisted on seeing his captain, who was then lying in Mr. Lancaster's cabin in a very exhausted state, as he had been entrusted by Captain Semmes with the ship's papers, and to no one else would he give them up. The men were all very anxious about their captain, and were rejoiced to find that he had been saved. They appeared to be a set of first-rate fellows, and to act well together in perfect union under the most trying circumstances. The captain of the forecastle on board the Alabama, a Nor- wegian, says when he was in the water, he was hailed by a boat from the Kearsage ' Come here, old man, and we'll save you ;' to which he replied, 'Nevermind me, I can keep up half an hour yet; look after some who are nearer drowning than I am.' He then made way for the Deerhound, thanking God that he was under English colours. "Throughout the action the Deerhound kept about a mile to windward of the com- batants, and was enabled to witness the whole of it. The Kearsage was burning Newcastle coals, and the Alabama Welsh coals, the dif lerence in the smoke (the north country coal yielding so much more) enabled the move- ments of each ship to be distinctly traced. Mr. Lancaster is clearly of opinion that it was the Kearsage's eleven-inch shells which gave her the advantage, and that, after which he has witnessed on this occasion, wooden ships stand no chance whatever against shells. Both vessels fired well into each other's hull, and the yards and masts were not much damaged. The mainmast of the Alabama had been struck by shot and as the vessel was sinking, broke off and fell into the sea, throwing some men who were in the maintop into the water. Some tremendous gaps were visible in the bulwarks of the Kear- sage, and it was believed that some of her boats were disabled. She appeared to be temporarily plated with iron chains, &c.; As far as could be seen, everything appeared to be well planned and ready on board the Kearsage for the action. It was apparent that Captain Semmes intended to fight at a long range, and the fact that the Kearsage did not reply till the two vessels got nearer together, showed that they preferred the short range ; and the superior steaming power of the latter enabled this to be accomplished. Great pluck was shown on both sides during the action. On board the Alabama all the hammocks were let loose, and arrangements had been made for sinking her rather than that she should be captured. As far as is known, not a relic of the Alabama is in the possession of her successful rival. When she was sinking, Captain Semmes dropped his own sword into the sea, to prevent the possi- bility of its getting into their hands ; and the gunner made a hole in one of the Alabama's boats, and sank her for the same reason. The men stated that the best practice generally on board the Alabama during the action was shown by the gunners who had been trained on board the Excellent, in Portsmouth Har- bour. The spectacle presented during the combat is described by those who witnessed it from the Deerhound as magnificent ; and thus the extraordinary career of the Alabama has come to a grand and appropriate termi- nation. The Alabama's chronometers, specie, and all the bills of ransomed vessels, are saved, having been handed over to a gentle- man at Cherbourg before she left that port." The following, from the correspondent of the Star, differs in some of the details from the preceding : "All being in readiness, at about ten a.m. on Sunday the Alabama got up steam and proceeded out of Cherbourg to meet the Kear- sage, manoeuvring so as to prevent her enemy from discharging a broadside effec- tively, aud ten minutes after eleven com menced the battle by firing her starboard broadside at about a mile distance. To the dfsappoiument of the officers in the Alabama, the shell fired at the waist of the Koarsage was observed to strike the side and rebound, exploding harmlessly in the water. This is said to have been caused by her having chain pluting outside her planking. After a few rounds of very Bmart firing, during which the crew of the Alabama declared thoy fired three times for their enemy'B once, a shot struck the screw and carried away one of the blades, another rendered the ship unmanageable as to its steering- whether from the rud der itself being destroyed, or the steer- ing gear carried awuy, is not known. The rigging was also much cut up, and some of the sails fell on the yards. Three shells had burst between decks, and tho bulkheads were all carried away. Finally a Bhell entered the coal buukers, and set the fuel on fire. At this time the vessel had sunk so far thut the water was reaching the engine fires. Captain Sena mea then directed the first lieutenant, Mr. Kell, to go below, and report the state of the ship. That officer soon returned, saying she was in a sinking state : and the captain decided on striking his flag. The flag had bein already three times shot away, but replaced. A large number of the crew rushed aft, conjuring the captain not to strike, and expressing their readiness to sink in her, and die with honour; and ono of tho seamen, named Smith, cutlass in hand, stood by the flag, and declared he would not allow it to bo lowered. The captain levelled his revolver, and insisted on its being hauled down, which was done, and a white flag hoisted. Meanwhile the whaleboat and dingy, the only two boats uainjured, weie lowered, and the wounded mon placed in them ; Mr. Fulham bolng sent in charge of them to tho Kearsage. When the boats wero full, a man who was unbounded endeavoured to enter one, but was held b.»ck by the surgeon of the ship, Mr. Llewellyn, son of tho rector of a parish in Wiltshire. ' See,' he said, ' I want to savo my life as much as you do; but lot the wonnded men be saved first.' ' Doctor,' said the officer in the boat, ' we can make room lor you.' ' I will not peril tho wounded mon,' wob his reply. Ho remained behind, and sank with the ship a loss much deplored by »11 the officers and men. He is tho only officer known to be lost. When Mr. Fulham roaohed the Kearsage hu had his sword by hiß side, and let it fall into the water, lest he should have to surrender it. He went on board the Kearsage, and was asked by Captain Wins- low if he bad como to surrender the ship. He said that ho had no such orders, but was tent to ask for astistance, as they were sinking fast. Tho Kearsage then ceased filing, and lowered her boats, while Mr. Fulham returned towards the Alabama, which sank ore he coold reach her ; and, after picking up a few of the swimmers, ho contrived to reach tho Dccrhonnd, where he found Captain Semines, twelvo other officers, and about twenty-eight men. When the ship was perceived to bo hinking, orders woro given to cast lowe all spurs, &e.; ; and when the vessel sank, the sea presented nlmostthe nppearance of a pavement of human heads, seventy of which were above the water within a very small space. Nearly all lives wero saved, and many men gene- rously shouted to the boats to leave them for a short time and savo those in more immi- nent danger. The first inquiry from tho boats of the Kearsage was for Oaptain Sommes. They wore answered that he had gone down ; and ho succeeded in reaching one of the boats of tbo Deerhound, which got up steam as quickly as possible, to avoid any attempt on the part of Captain Winslow to make pri- soners of those hhe had saved. Numerous acts of gallantry aro related as having occuried on boaid tho Alabama during the fight, ono or two of which are worth record- ing. Mr. Ginly, the captain's coxswain, was struck by a shot, which shattered the lower part of his arm, leaving it hanging by flesh i and skin. He deliberately took out lils knife, | cut off the piece of his limb, and continued , Birviug lils gun. An eleven-inch shell, which fell on the deck, was taken up and thrown overboard to explode, by two mon, named Townsend nnd Marr, the lattor of whom is already known to the Alabama mon from his having jumped into a heavy sea and saved tho life of a man who had fallen overboard. A man named Hearne was loading a gun, when a shot struck the ramrod and broke it in two. Ho looked up, and abused them for not waiting to havo tho shot properly in for them. One man was Bent forward to clear tbo jib-boom rigging, which had been da- maged ; ho received a most painful wound, which was mortal, notwithstanding which ho completed the work and returned to the dock, wbcro nnotber shot cut him in two. Another man. though mortally wounded, refused to admit that be had been struck, and con- tinued to do his work until ho fell doad on dick." Tho following particulars aro from the cor- respondent of tho Daily News : "ThoAlabama finid four shots to one of the Kearsage. The broadside« of the latter wero each 1091b. heavier than those of the former. The Kearsage was so damaged by the fight thut she could not steam afterward*. Both vessels wero about tho same size. The Kearsage was cased with thin iron plates, »nil over these were chain cabins colled about, und betwion the interstices formed by the cables was wood planking, When the battle was at an end, the Deerhound steamed over to the Kearsage, and Mr. Lancaster was asked by the officers of the Federal ship to try and pick, up the scores of the Alabama's crew and officers who were floating and swimming about. Ha lowered his yacht boats, and a man named Adams, in command of one of them, was steering his boat into a group of a dozen struggling per- sons when he passed a drowning man at some short diBtance with au officer's cap on. One of the men in the boat cried out, ' That's Semmes;' and the drowning man called out, ' I am the captain-save me ; I cannot keep up any longer.' Adams went and dragged him into tho boat. Semmes then paid, 'For God's sake don't put me on board the Kear sarge, but put me on board your yacht.' Adams promised he would, and laid .Sommes down in the bottom, and covered bim with a sail, to conceal him from the Kearsage's boats, whioh were evidently anxiously search- ing for him. When Adams had saved a bo.it load, he took them on board the yacht, and Semmes was at once placed below. As soon as all that were seen In the water were picked up, Mr. Lancaster was anxious to got away, and began to steam out to sea. lid ex- pected that he should have been brought-to by a shot from the Kearsago, but she was too disabled, it appears, to go after the Deerhound to overhaul her, and thus Semmes escaped being made prisoner." The following is Captain Sommes' official report of the action : "Sir,-I have the honour to inform you that, in accordance with my intention, as previously announced to yon, I steamed out of the harbour of Cherbourg between nine and ton o'clock on the morning of the I9th of June for the purpose of engugiug the enemy's steamer Kearsage, which had been lying off and on the port for several days previously. After clearing the harbour we descried the enemy, with his head off-shore, at a distance of about seven miles. We were three-quarters of an hour in coming up with him. I had previously pivoted my gunB to starboard, and made all my preparations for engaging the enemy on that side. When within about a mile and a quarter of the enemy, he suddenly wheeled, ana bringing his head in shore, pre- sented his starboard battery to me. By this time we wera distant about one milo from each other, when I opened on him with solid shot, to whioh he'replied In a few minutes, and the engagement became active on both sides. " The enems now pressod his ship under a full head of steam, aud to provent our pass- ing each other tro speedily, and to keep our respective broadsides bearing, it became ne- cessary to fight in a ciicle, the two ships steaming around a common centre, and pre- serving a distance from each other of from u quarter to half a mile. When we got within good shell range, we opened upon him with theil. Some ten or fifteen minutes after the commencement of the action, our spinkor gaff was Bhot away, and our ensign came down by the run. This was immediately replaced by another at the mizenrnast-head. The firing now became very hot, and the enemy's shot and shell soon began to tell upon our hull, knocking down, killing, and disabling a number of men in different parts of the ship. Perceiving that our Bhell, though apparently exploding Bgainst the enemy's Bides, vrere doing him but little damage, I returned to solid firiug, aud from this time onward attended [alternated ?] with shot and shell. "After the lapse of about one hour and ten minutes, our ship was ascertained to be in a sinking condition, the enemy's shell having exploded in our sidc3 and between decks, opening large apertures, through which the water rushed with great rapidity. For some few minutes 1 had hopes of being ablo to reach the French coast, for which purpose I gave the ship all steam, and set such of the fore and aft sails as were available. The ship filled so rapidly, however, that before we had made much progress, the fires were extin- guished in the furnaces, and we were evidently on the point of sinking. I now hauled down my colours, to prevent the further destruction of life, and despatched a boat to inform the enemy of our condition. Although we were now but 400 yards from each other, the enemy fired upon me five times after my colours had been struck. It is charitable to suppose that a Bbip of war of a Christian nation could not have done this intentionally. We now turned all our exertions towards saving the wounded and such of the boys of the ship who wero unable to swim. These were despatched in my quarter-boats, the only boats remaining to me-the waist boats having been torn to pieces. Some twenty minutes after my furnace firot had beon extinguished, and the ship being on the point of settling, every man, in obedience to a prevlouB order which had been given the crew, jumped overboard, and endeavoured to save himsilf. There wits no appearance of any boat coming to me from the enemy after my ship went down. Fortunately, however, the steam-yacht Deerhound, owned by a gentle- man of Lancashire, England, Mr. John Lan- caster, who was himself ou hoard, steamed up in the midst of my drowning men, and rescued a number of both officers and men from the water. I wa6 fortunate enough my- self thuB to escape to the shelter of the neu- tral flag, together with about forty others, all told. About this time the Kearsage sent one, and then, tardily, another boat. Accom- panying you will find lists of the killed and wounded, and of thote who were picked up by the Deerhound ; tho remainder, there is reason to hope, were picked up by the enemy, and by a couple of French pilot boats, which were olso fortunately near the sceno of action. " At the end of the engagement it was dis- covered by those of our officers who went alongside the enemy's ship with the wounded that her midship section ou both sides was thoroughly iron coated ; this having been done with chain constructed for the purpose, placed perpendicularly from the rail to the water's edge, the wholo covered over by a thiu outer planking, which give no indication df the armour beneath. This planking had been ripped off in eveiy direction by our shot and shell, the chain broke a and indented in many places, and forced partly into the ship's side. She was most effectually guarded, however, in this section from penetration. The enemy was much damaged in other pnrti>, but to what extent it is now im poesiblo to tell ; it is believed, he was badly crippled. "My officers and men behaved steadily and gallantly, and though they have lost their ship they have not lost honour. Where all behaved so well it would be invidious to par- ticularize, but I cannot deny myself tho plea- sure of saying that Mr. Kell, my first lieute- nant, deserves great credit for the fine condi- tion in which the ship went into action with regard to her battery, magizine, and shell rooms, and that he rendered me great assist- ance by his coolness and judgement ob the fight proceeded. The onemy was heavier than myself both in ship, battery, and ciew ; but I did not know, until tho action was over, that she was also iron-clad, Our total loss in killed and wounded is thirty-to wit, nine killed, 21 wounded.-I have, &a;, " It. Semmes, Captain." The accounts of the strength of the two vessels aro verv contradictory, but it would appear that both aro a little over 1,000 tons measurement, that the Alabama had one gun more tban the Kearsago, but that the metal of the latter was the heavier. The Army and JVavy Gazette says:-"The armament of the KeaiBOge consisted of two 11-inch D.ihlgreu rues and six 32 pounders, with a small rifled piece for a chase gun, &c.; That of tlio Ala- bama of the same number of 82 pounderB, a rifled 100 pounder, and a Bolld 8 inch shot gun (68-pounder). It seoioB to us that Captain Semmes had too high on opinion of his so called 100 pounder, because it was a rifled gun -ignorant, probably.thatit was the sizuof boro and the largeness of tho powder charge which constituted the power of the gun. Measured by this Btandard, the rifled pivot 100-pounder was not balf as effective as his 8in. solid shot pivot-gun, which, lu its turn, was not half so powerful as cither of the Koarduge's two llln. pivot- guns, and probably not oue third as effective when fired against a wooden ship entirely unprotected by armour." Tho 32-pounders on each side were about equal, ona of comparatively small account as to influencing the fate of the action, which was evidently decided by the pivot-guns. In addition to his vessel's carrying a much more powerful armament, the captain of tlio Kenrsago had takuu the wiso precaution to make use of temporary armour, con- sisting of chain-cables fastened along hor sides to some distance boforo and abaft tho engines aud boilers, which were thus so effec- tually protected that the Alabama's shell broke up sgainst it, and fell back harmlessly into the sea; her round shot, being of cast iron, fared no better ; and, beyond btrlpping off a little of the thin wooden sheathing which covered over the cable of the Kearsage, this vessel appears to have received no damage. The palm, therefore, of care and skill must be adjudged to Captain Winslow and his first lieuteuant; and it must bj a matter of pride to these two officers, con- fessedly amongst the mo-ifc practical and beat gunnery officers of the Northern States, to have achieved so important a triumph at such a slight cost to their vessel aud crew." Another question on which there has boen some discussion is the rescue of tho drowning officers of the Alabama by the English yaoht Deerhound. It íb staled that Captain Win- slow considers Captain Sommes and his officers bound upon their honour to givo themselves up as his prisoners of war, and that he accuses the owner of the Deerhound of dishonourable conduct in running away with his prisoners. On this point the con- temporary we have quoted in tho preceding paragraph remarks :-" If Captain Winslow requested Mr. Lancaster to pick up the drowning men, and keep them for him as prisoners, after tho men had been saved, it would have been qnito competent to tbat gentleman to have refused to surrender them ; but we think in the case of Captain Semmes and of his men, there are grava con- siderations whioh require full Inquiry and satisfactory explanation. Captain Semmes did not go down with his flag flying ; on the contrary, he struck it some tims before the Alabama sank-nay, more, he sent a boat to the Kearsage, to say his ship was sinking ; indeed, the correspondent of a daily contem- porary assertB he ran up n white flag after she struck her colours. If tho Kiarsage fired Beveral shots after the white flag was flying, Captain Semmes may conceivo. he wai freed from the parole implied in these acts of surrender ; but it must be re- membered, though he charges the Federal captain with something like inhumanity and indifference, that an English yacht was specially requosted to proceed to the assistance of the crew of the sinking ship by the Federal officer, and that tho Kearsage picked up sixty eight men, which shows that Bho was not so very indifferent to the fate of tho drowning men." The Moniteur says that at tho conclusion of the engagement between the Kearsago and the Alabama, the former returned to Cher- bourg, and anchored there in the afternoon. She had on board sixty-eii?ht of the Alabama's crew, whom she had succeeded in saving. Ten wounded Confederates and threo wounded Federals wero taken to the Ohorbourg hospital. Nine more of tho Alabama's crew were saved by a French pilot boat, and also brought to Cherbourg. Letters received from on board the Kearsage state that no one was killed on board that ship in her encounter with the Alabama; three of her crew were wounded. None of her officers were injured. The Kear- sage received no material injury. A Paris letter states that 1.600 Parisiana who had arrived at Cherbourg by an excur- sion train, to see tho new casino, had a capital view of the combat. " Captain Semmes meant to fight all along, and had Intended to board the Kearsage. On Thursday, the 16th, he entertained a large party on board the Ala- bama, and showed with pride to the ladies who dined with him the boarding hatchets ond sabres (fresh ground), which were dis- played on the deck. He left with the Bra- zilian consul all his gold, his papers, forty fivo chronometers, and his will." ThoParis correspondent of thePosi writes: " A French account says that, before leaving Cherbourg, Captain Semmes called hiq men, and, addressing thom, exclaimed-' We must conquer or die 1' To which the crew replied (I give the words in French) :-' Hurrah pour le Sud ! Vive Leo I Vive son armée ! Vive la France! la nation généreuse qui seule pra- tique d'une manière impartiale le neutralité 1' The combat was not unexpected in Paris, the Kearsage having challenged it in such a manner that, though an encounter was not desired, it could not well be declined by Cap- tain Semmes. It is reported that, while tho Alabama was awaiting the authorization to make'the repairs, of which she stood urgently in need, in the Imperial dockyard-there being no private establishment in Cherbourg-the Kearsage entered the harbour and sailed round the Alabama, a manamvre which is universolly recognized as a challenge and a taunt. The Confederate naval authorities do not consider the disparity of force between the two vessels so great as to havo made Cap- tain Semmes's attempt a rash or hopeless one. The armament of the Kearsago is to that of the Alabama as 100 to eighty-eight. The crew of the former vessel was 200, that of the latter 130. On a former occasion the Alabama had triumphantly coped with fully as great odds, as is evident from her sinking the flat teias off GalveBton in a few rounds. Her misfortune, in this instance, must therefore be rrgarded usoneof those accidents of maritime warfare which neither bravery nor skill can always avert. The testimony of the spec- tators on shoro is unanimous that the fight was a gallant one; and officers and crews of both vessels must have done their best." Tho Kearsage is one of the new vessels of the United States' navy, built since the com- mencement of tho war, and tho twin ship of the Tuscarora, whose presence in the Solent during^ the visit of the Confederate cruisur Nashville (since destroyed) occasioned con- siderable excitement some time since. Several of the Alabama's officers wore then attached to the Nashville. The captaiu of the Kear- sage is John A. Winslow, a North Carolinian ; and her first officer Lieut. J. S. Thornton, who in the came capacity, assisted at the capture of the iron-clad Atlanta, at Savannah, somo monthsago. Lieutenant Thornton has a high reputation in the service as an artillery officer. The Kearsage wa3 ono of nine gun- boats furnished by the United States Govern- ment in ninety days from the date of the order being given. Captain Semmes, after his arrival at South- ampton in the Deerhound, was visited by Mr. Mason, the Confederate envoy, and soma privato friends, but ho declined to seo any strangers, having received a painful though not a serious wound in the hand by a splinter from a shell, mid Buffering somewhat from his long immersion in the water. On Mon- day afternoon, on proceeding up the town, his ourringo was completely besieged by crowds of people, who cheered him voci- ferously along the streets. Ho has been in- vited to a public dinner by some of his ad- mirers in Southampton, but be has declined the invitation, and has, it is reported, pro- ceeded to Paris. Commander Bedford Plm.R.N., has written a letter to the papers, proposing that a guinea subscription should be ontered into " to pro sent Captain Sommes with a handsome Bword, to replace that which he buried witb his sinking ship." Mr. David Herbert Llowellyn, the surgeon of the Alabama, who was tho only officer of that vessel who perished in the action, was the son of tho Rev. David Llewellyn, per- petual curate of Euston Royal, Wilts. Ho was educated at Marlborough College, was an articled pupil of Dr. Hassall, of Richmond, and subsequently studied his profession at Charing-ctoss Hospital, fiom 1856 to 1859. He waB silver medallist in surgery and chemistry. Ho was with the Alabama throughout the whole of her oventful career, nnd was much respected by all on board. How poor Llewellyn did his duty as a man and a surgeon moy be judged by the touching episode related in an extract given abovo. The Lancet adds :-" Noble and self-denying as wob tho conduct of tho late surgeon of the Alabama, we are proud in the conviction tbat the same chivalrous spirit animates tho medi- cal officers of the united services ol this kingdom. There has been much talk of their being ' non combatant officors;' bat where are we to look for greater heroism or self devotion, even at the cannon's mouth. And yet Llewellyn was the type of a class whom the Admiralty and the Horso Guards havo thought fit, by_ every means in thoir power, to degrado and insult. No wonder, under such circumstances, that the service is now so un- popular that there are more than 200 vacan- cies which cannot be filled up. The cause in which the real hero of tho late naval duel perished is not one which can be acknow- ledged by any national testimonial ; but wo are glad to hear that his fellow-students con- template the erection of a tablet to his memory in the hospital in which he so greatly distinguished himself, nnd in which his kindly and generous spirit had gained for him the greatest esteem and affection." Tho destruction of tho Alabama is stated by Paris letters to have baon tho principal topic of conversation thora in tho early part of last week. The souii-ofliolal journals, and the Authorities at Cheihonrg, are undia guihidly in favour of Captain Semmos and his crew. The Constitutionnel of tho 2¡ánd, in' nn aiticlo signed by M. Paulin Limayrac, state b that "the Iobb of the Alabama has caused great agitation. All the letters from Cherbourg testify to the profound regrot pre- vailing in that town at tho event." The Constitutionnel also adds, that " from, one end of Fiance to the other, tho same feeling obtains, and that it íb the generous nature of the Fieuoh character which alwoys urges tho nation to display their sympathy for tho weak, and their admiration for unfortunate bravery," The independent Liberal journals, however, write in a different tone. Tbo wounded on both sides aro treated with the utmost care by the Cherbourg surgeons. A Confederate officer, who is badly wounded, has been taken to the houso of one of the officials. Tbo authorities at Cherbourg find it hard to keep the peace between the Federal and Confederate sailors. Captain Winslow, tho commander of the Keursage, in a letter published in the Daily Aw« of june 27, denies that any challenge was sent by him to Captain Semmes, as to havo dono so would havo been to have vio- lated the order of the navy department. On the contrary. Captain Winslow received a re qucbt from Captain Semmes not to leave, as he would fight tho Kearsage, and would only occupy a day or two in his preparations. Fivo days, however, nlapBed before they were com- pleted. " Tho Kearuagu'« battery," he says, "consists of seven guns-two elevon-inch Üahlgrens, four 3^-pounders, one light rifle 28-pounder. The battery of the Alabama consisted of one 100-pounder rifle, one heavy 68-pounder, six 32-poundera-that is, one more gan than the Kearsago. In the wake of tho engines on the outside the Kearsage had stopped up and down her sheet ohaina. These were stopped by marlino to eye bolts, which extended some twenty feot, and was done by the hands of the Kearsage ; the whole waa covered by light plank to pre- vent diit collecting. It was for the purpose of protecting the engines when there was no coal in the npper patt of the bunkers, as wa3 the case when the action took place. The Alabama had her bunkers full, and was equally protected. The Kearsage went into action with a orewof 162 officers and men. The Alabama, by report of the Deerhound's officers, had 160. The Kearsage steamed lo sea in order that no questions of neutrality jurisdiction Bhould be raised ; whon far ' enough she turned short round, and steered immediately for the Alabama for close action. The Alabama fired, as she was coming down on her, two broadsides and a part of another ; no one shot came on board of the Kearíage. The Kearsage then sheered, and oponed on the Alabama, trjiog to get nearer. The action lasted one hour and two minutes fiom the first to the last shot. The Kearsage received twenty-eight shot? above and below, thirteeu about her hull. The best shots wero abaft the mainmast, two shots which cut the chain Btops, the shell of which broke the casing of wood covering. They were too high to have damaged the boilers had they penetrated. The Kearsago was only slightly damiged, and I supposed the action for hot work had just commenced when it ended. Such stuff as the Alabama firing when she was going down, and all such talk, is twaddle. The Alabama, towards the last, hoisted sail to get away, when the Kearsage was laid across her bows, and would have raked had she not sur- rendered, which she had doue, and was trying to get her flags down, and showing a white flag over the btern. The officers of the Ala- bama on board the Kearsage say that she was a complete slaughter-house, and was com- pletely torn to pieces. This is all I kuow of the Alabama." SPIRIT OF THE PEESS. PEACE OR WAR. (fbom the times,) The question, divested of the obscuring cir- cumstances which months of discussion and passionate recrimination have thrown round it, is simply tbiss- Is England bound by positivo stipulations, or morally, or in honour, to go to war with Puissla and Austria for the purpose of driving their troops from Schleswig, or from that part of it which lies north of the line of the Schlei, or from that patt of it which we may conçoive that an arbitrator would have awarded to Denmark, if such a mode of settling the dispute had been adopted ? In thus putting the question we dismiss, as unnecessary to be discussed, the consideration whether the eu voran oe of Schleswig and Holstein, or any part of them, from Denmark would be so injurious to our- selves that we ought to tnter into a conti- nental war to avert it, for no reasonable mau can imagine that it will make the smallest difference to England, or to any state in Eui ope, if Schleswig be added to the Confede- ration as Holstein was, or if the two bo governed with or without political connexion with Copenhagen. Whether there be an Augustenburg or a Glacks burg on the throne, the inhabitants will breed their cattle, and we shall buy them, their modest wants in the way of maufactures will be equally supplied by English exporters ; and they will keep the even tenor of their way pretty much as they have done before in their sequestered corner of Europe. The German Confederation, with all its theatrical enthu- siasm, the Prussian state, with all its propen- sities to military domineering, are not dan geious to the world. The would-be Musco- vite policy of Berlin is a weak imitation, and need frighten no one, for both Prussia and her sister offender, Austria, arc far more likely|to lose than to gain, to be the victims than the spoliators of the next ten years. Si far from seeing with terror the addition of Schleswig to the Confederation, it will not, wo believe, give the slightest uneasiness to ordinary English- men. The material iuterest, therefore, of England in the campaign which was to be4n yesterday is absolutely nothing. However much we may sympathize with Denmark, and regret the violence and contempt for public law shown by her adversaries, it can make no difference to us how the campaign ends, pro- vided that it is confined to the main land. Such being the state of affairs, we have been called upon to meditate, in coujuuetion with France and Ituseia, between the contending paities, with the view of bringing them to terms. We have found Prus»ia overbearing, and Denmark obstinate. Wo have failed signally in our endeavours to make peace, and have earned the usual reward of media- tors-the hostility of both the combatants. What, then, remains to be done? When a man sees a fight between two others so un- equally matched in size and strength as to leave no doubt as to the result, His first impulse is to interfere on behalf of the weaker side. Ho does not, however, rush precipitately into the conflict, but endea- vours to separate the combatants, and learn the cause ot the quarrel. His interest in the affair íb greatly strengthened if he finds that both parties nre not very distantly re- lated to himself. Under these circumstances, what can he do better than try to pacify the combatants, and induce each of them to abate somewhat of his pretensions'? Should one, however, prove obstinate, and the other overbearing, and both agree in refusing his mediation, what can he do bat retire from the thankless office of peacemaker, and leave them to fight it out by themselves? ECe may feel, indeed, that the cause of tho weaker side ought in justice to prevail ; but, unless he is armed with legal authority, he will probably abstain from any further interference, and content himself with taking any precautions that may be necessary to prevent the stronger side from abusing his victory. Such is pretty much the position of Euglaud at this moment. We have not disguised our opinion that Germany is pursuing a Bel fish and unpcrupulous policy, whioh may one day recoil upon herself, but, so long as she abstains from acts which would threaten the interests of this country, we do not pretend to have any right to control her conduct. Wo do not go to war for an idea. We do not say that there may not be circumstances under which the mero commission of a national wrong would demand the interference of other nations to redices it. But these are occasions when the ambition of somo powerful state involves a common danger, and constitutes her a common enemy. Such cannot ba said to be the caso in the present instance. It is the interest of Europe that Germany should be strengthened rather than weakened ; and though wa deplore her internal divisions, and are disgusted with her arrogant treatment of a weak though pugnacious neighbour, we Bhould feel a state of hostility between us to be a calamity which nothing but the most paramount necessity would warrant us in incurring. The only reason, then, which could induce us to accept the alternative of war is that we ara in somo way bound to Denmark, and muBt consequently give Its Government armed assistance, or violate international obli- gations whioh should ho sacred. We think that the most scrupulous examination of what has passed, both in former years and since the death of the late King of Denmark, will fail to show any obligation of this kind. It seeuiB to ub clear that the poople of this country aro perfectly masters of their own policy, and entitled to consider their own honour and interests in the course they may take. It certainly cannot bo said that any claim to assistance can be founded on the Treaty of 1851 It contained no guarantee, and only bound us, in common with other European powers, to reBpect the Glucks biirg succession whenever it should aoci no. But do the recent negotiations give the DaneB a better claim? We think not. If there were any casual words which at the beginning of the dispute may have inspired the Danes with false hopes, they have long since been neutralized by the prudent advice which our Government has tendered them, and by the warnings which it baa continually urged upon thom during the progress of the struggle that mediation and peaceful good offices wero tbo limit of the assistance it could afford. Certainly, in ad- vising the retirement, from Holstein, tho repeal of the patent of March and of the No- vember Constitution, and finally the sur- render of tho part of Schleswig south of tho Dannewerke, the British Government rather indicated to the Dunes its belief in their help- lessness than held out to them a hope that their arms would be aided by those of Eng- land. The protocols of the Conference and the ensuing debates will, we believe, prove that, whatever minor blots may be hit in the conduct of a long negotiation, tbo nation will be found to have contracted no such obliga- tions as can make it necessary for our houoar to abandon a neutrality which experience has shown to be wise. (l'BOH THE POLITICAIi ECONOMIST.) What is the policy and the duty of Eng lund ? A more anxious question hus har fly ever been asked ; and certainly none more anxious can be asked now. Every one in- quires, " Is there to bo war, or is thero to bo peace Y Are we to help Denmark, or not to help her ?" And till these great questions are settled, smaller questions wiU be nearly neglected. The official decision will be mado kuownon Mommy ; but, pending that avowal, let us look at the precise position of tho con- troversy, rejecting needless accessories, and considering only what is essential and im- portant. First.-Have we anything to do with the matter, and if so, what? This is'the plain, coarse, palpable question, which every min of spuse asks, and which must bo answered before any other matter is thought of or considered. We have next to no material interest in the matter, but, aa we havo bofore shown, we have a moral iuterest of groat weight. It is not the duty, aud in the loag run it would not be the interest, of England to adopt a policy purely selfish. The European worid is composed_ of many states, of various character, whose differences, whose exertions, whose mental competition make up our civilisation. Many of these states oro weak, hut some are very strong. If we allow thu strong and powerful to prey upon tue small and feeble, our existing civilisation will bo impaired, enfeebled, if not destroyed-its stimulating varieties will bo killed and extir- pated,-a monotonous and sluggish unifor- mity will soon pervade, deform, and degrade the whole. The rights of the smaller states are not to be maintained merely as barren rights; they are to bo maintained for tho same reoson us liberty in general-because they tend to promote movement and variety, progress of thought and play of mind, through- out the civilized world. Equality is the bane of states within ; uniformity is tbo bane ot states without-the bauo of the world at toe. Tho whole negotiations of the English Go- vernment on the Danish question are bused on thiB principle. If we had no duty to pre- vent the tyrannical aggrandisement of great states and the cruel separation of old states, we had better never have interfered iu a matter so complicated and so difficult. Thoro is a certain latent feeling which Is often light even when the overt actions which proceed from it are disputable und wrong. We cer- tainly could not defend every syllable of Lord BusFell's despatches ; we certainly could not lift a finger to secure the temporary recogni- tion of the bad and transitory treaty of 1852. We are not at all sure whether the idea of a conference was good oi bad ; but we are sure of thelundamenta! idea-weare sure that If small states like Denmark are to be trodden out by large aggregates like Germany, the preíont European civilization must be dissolved, und something more uniform, more monotonous, more unprogressive will, in the end, though not at once, be substituted in their place. When on Monday our policy is sot forth, it will bo time enough to criticise it, but wo c in only now say that most of it assumes that a weak but valuable Btate like Denmark must not be left to rely tolely upon its own strength and resources. The Schleswig-Holstein papers are very bulky. If Denmark is not an ele- ment worth preserving at great cost in the political system, such of those papers a) were written by the Eoglioh Government uover ought to b ave been sent forth. We certainly wish that several months sinco our Government had indicated the boundary^ which they now indicate. If they had said in January that they considered the line of the Schlei to be a decent and au equitable division of Schleswig, very likely it might have been accepted by both Germans and Danes, and all subsequent controversies would have been set at rest. But whether such a pioposition would then have beoa wise-whether it would have been justified by events-is not the question now. We say thut tho policy of Lord Palmerston's Govern- ment would be unjustifiable if Denmark w,cs not u country which deserved support, and would be foolish if it was not a country which ieqnired support. Secondly. It is no duty of the English Go- vernment as yet to excite a European war -a war of which tho limits by courtesy are said to be European, but of which the operations arehure, within a few mouths, to be co-exten eivo with the commercial world. If Austria should exert the entire Bfcrongth at her dis- posal, not only the ordinary force of her cus- tomary levies, but the lost zwanziger aud the last mau which she can exact from or find among her subjeots, it would then, we believe, be necessary and incumbent on the English Government to send a fleet to the Adriatic and aid the excitement of Italy; but while Aubtria, as now, íb moderate, it is bettor to confine ourselves to the grievance we mean to redicss. We should not light new fires; we should put out tho fire which we find. (FItOlI THE SPECTATOB ) If we fight, every politicul magazine in Europe, and thero is one in every country, may receive a shell; if we shrink, the system of Europe endB, for civilization has lost its last guarantee against the ultimate triumph of armed force. Wo are happy to believe that at the eleventh hour the Whig Government, wliich has been so weak, has recovered its nerve, has resolved that it will not surrender the right of England to plead effectually for justice, and forbeurauce, and freedom, and has agreed to encounter the dangers which, may lie behind, which do lie behind, the aimed support of the cause it bus so very utaily betrayed. Lord Palmerston has pro- mised to make his finalstatement on Monday, and no one doubts that it will contain a proposal for despatching the British fleet to the aid of Denmaik. The doubt is whether it will contain more. There is a strong feel- ing among somo members of the Govern- ment and a large section of politicians in lavour of " locallziug " the coming war ; that is, we fear, of waging it with as little heart, or energy, or defiuitcness of ob- ject as circumstance» will allow. The country once fairly aroused-and it is very nearly awake-will very soon put a stop to this attempt to play with men's lives; but we protest against its adoption even as a theory. If by " localizing" tho war, it is intended only to confine it to Northern Europe, to the North Sea and the Baltic, the plan may have some reason in its favour. If at that price Austria will hold aloof, no statesman will willingly force a gnat power into a contest from which she is from whatever motive will- ing to abstain. Without the price, to throw away the aid of tho nationalities of Italy, and Hungary, and Poland, would bo Bimple madness. But if by " localizing" tbo war it is intended only to defend the Danish islands, leaving Prussia to keep the Duchy and to ravage Jutland, to encounter all the dangora of war without securing one of its objects, then we protest açainBt a policy which bioaksup the peace of Europe for no adequate end. The Ministry may have been right in exhausting negotiation before they appealed to arms, may justify every proposal up to the ultima- tum of the Schlei,-beyond that point justifi- cation is impossible,-but once in war feeble- ness is ruin. The defence of the ¡Blands will not save Denmark, which, without Jutland and Schleswig, ceases to be a state. It will not concilliate the Germans, who are boiling over with hate, and in whom we oin for the present hope ouly to inspire respect, the respect which all men feel for a just but determined foo. The object of the war is to convince a great and over military nation that, whatever its strength, or unity, or en- thusiasm, it cannot be permitted to extend its boundaries by a simple appeal to force, that strength when it comes to the point is on the side of the law, and that object can ouly be secured by a resolute adherence to the British proposal,-Denmark free to the Schlei. THE INFLUENCE OF ENGLAND. (FROM THE SATURDAY BBVIEW.) Tho whole Continental press has been nisuring us that England has lost, or is fast losing, her influence abroad ; and as even the friends of England on the Continent, and diplomatists who aro supposed to know the whole truth, join in the assurance of the popular organs, we must suppose it to be in soma measure true, and may naturally ask ourselves what this influence is, nnd why we should care whether we Iobo it or not. We may remark, however, at the outeet, that we are not quite so sure as the Continent Us sum to be that this influence, whatever may be its wortb, is lost as yet. Wo are inclined to think that the QermaiiB, having a tradi- tional respect for, or fear of, the two Western nations, and having been accustomed for many yentB to see England and France on mott occasions acting together, havo come to consider that the influença of both is of the same kind and exerted in the same way. And yet what happened lost j ear in the case of Poland mliiht serve to tbow that there is a difference. Franco went very far towards helping Poland. She acknow- ledged the special claim which Poland had on ber, and avowed the extreme sympathy with which tbo vatt majority of Frenchmen regarded the Polish cause. But when Eng land declined to go to war for Poland, Franr* declined oleo, thinking the enterprise ton dangerous, and the probable results inadn. quate to the nek. And yet France did not lose her influence on the Continent; and thn reason is obvious. She did not fight for Poland ; but that is no reason for concluding that she will not fight at once, and almost without notice, whenever the Emperor pleases. Frat.ce is powerful because she hog an immense army, which can be sent anv where ot the bidding of a single man A great variety of small questions are con stantly being settled on the Continent by the mere announcement of the wishes of Franoe Those who aro commanded oboy, because* they know that, if they decline, an over- powering force may be sent againBt thom within a wetk. It ought also, iu justice to the present empire, to bo said that France Is powerful now, not only because she can strike swiftly and surely, but because, in the posi- tion she takes up, she allies herself to cause] that have a great share of the popular sympathies of Europe ; and there is Bure to be plenty of applause if Franco strikes, or as in the caseB of Spain and the Principalities gets whut sho wants by meroly threatening tri strike. But the influence of England is necessarily different. We caonot go into a war at a moment's notice. We have to maka ourselves mre, after our fashion, that the cause we espouse is just, that it is worth fight- ing for, and that we have a reasonable hopa of defending it successfully. We must havo the whole matter argued in two HouBes of Parliament, iu thousands of papers, in tens of thouiands of tap-rooms, temporance-halls and assembly- rooms. We keep a ForeUu Secretary »ho, according to the traditions of his cilice, must do a great deal of' composition, n.u&t; addrefs all the Great Powers, and express wonder, audj regret, aad abhor i euee, and make remarks, threatB, and appeals to good feeling, and to the universal desire for the balance of power. All this takes time, and it is only by digrees that the current of popular feeling is ascertained, that the cost of the struggle is counted, and tho direction of duty determined. English influ- ence con never really bo dependent on any swiftnefs of striking. Such a3 it is, it most be in harmony with the exigencies of Parlia- mentary Government, and with the habitsof a generous and a quick-feeling, but also of a rich, a cautiouB, and an arguing people. THE BREAK-UP OF THE CONFER- ENCE. (from the spectator.) It is well for England that tho Conferonco has failed, for, in their despairing clutch at office and at Royal favour, the Government had made it the medium ci proposals which might bavo left an imperishable stain upon our name. Pledged to maintain the London treaty of 1852, which secured the perpetual union of Schleswig and Holstein to Denmark, Ministers at length consented to negotiate oa tho footing of its abandonment; then, for- mally proposing the severance of Holstein, and the ettablishment of the line of the Dannewerke as the boundary of the kingdom, declaring our opinion, as a neutral power, that this was the limit of concession Den mark could be asked to yield, it would seom. that we were yet to be called on to retreat again from this point. A proposal was made by our representatives that Denmark, which had already accepted the neutral powers as arbiters, which hud acceded to their adjudi- '',' cation of the line of the Schlei for her iron tierj should >et look upon this as only the basis of a fresh concession, aud should allow a Bingle " neutral " power to decide finally ou a line which could not by possibility give her more, but might probably givo her very much, less. Huppily, tho scheme dictated by our pusillanimity, and which might have written our disgrace on the map of Europe for all time to come, has been rejected alike by Danish firmnets and by Prussian voracity. Den muik will accept no terms of existence which do not leave her a defensible frontier. Gar many »ill assent to no conditions prescribed by a third party, unless they are wholly in her own favour. With an effrontery which, till six months aco, would have been desig- nated as incredible, the two Teutonic powers on whom we have been bidden to rely as the supportors of law against revolution, and of ihe balance of power against aggression, joia in a declaration that they agree to a reference to au arbiter, but will not agree to his award unless It be wholly in their favour I The reply has, iudead, one merit which is new in the history of the nego- tiations. It no longer affects a form of re- spect for the treaties we set store by ; it no longer indulges our Government iu the use of diplomatic phrases which can be repeated with solemn mockery to the Houses of Par- liament. Herr von Bismark does not dow care eo much for the Palmerston Miniitry as even to leave them the Bhred of a Bingle word on which to claim credit for our " nioial influence " at Borliu. It is no longer worth his while to veil his violence under professions of respect lor justice, or deference to our wishes. He announces plainly that, whether the judgement of Europe be with or against him, he means to take all Holstein aud all Schleswig, if not all Jutland also, and he contemptuoiibly leaves it to Earl Russell and Viscount Palmerston themselves to sugar this pill, whin they offer It to the Peers and to the Commons of England, as the final work of the Conference. MR. GLADSTONE'S PAMPHLET (from the spectatob.) Mr. Gladstone's affix to his speech on tho suffrage, which he calls a preface, will not do him any good. It is badly written, dablous in meaning, and apologetic in tone, without really containing a word which can be fairly construed into apology. Those who attacked him attacked him on two grounds,-tho Tories because they said he had expressed a moral conviction in favour of universal suffrage, the thinking Liborals because he had not guarded his jUBt principle from de- mocratic misconception. He answers the Tories fairly enough. The expression ob- jected to must, he says, be taken with its con- text ; that context excluded ull morally unfit, and all whoBe admission would or might bo attended with political danger ; and he now explains this la-t reserve as including any danger "through the disturbance of the equili- brium of the constituent body, or through vir- tual monopoly of po wer by a singleclass. That is all the Tories can say with any appearanco of fairness. They have never ventured to Bay, and wo do them the justice to admit they pro- bably do not thin«, that exclusion is lor its own sako a positive good, or even a harmless element in an otherwiso good constitution. All they nsk is that no chango shall be marte which will impair the " equilibrium whioa, as they conceive, exists, or throw all power into the hands of a class which they said Mr. Balnes's bill would do. If neither consequence is to follow, then of course they are simply content, and only ask why for the sake of in- appreciable changes reviBO what needs no re- vision? But the objection raised by edu- cated Liberals is not this at all, though it may read like it, and to them Mr. Gladstones answer is most unsatisfactory. They say the equilibrium which alt sane polIU« cians desire, docs not exist, tho middlo class whenever excited possessing a cleat monopoly both of legislative and exeoutivo power. From a mixture of laziness, fltmkey lBm, and real confidence, it yields habitually to a corrective force-that of the aristocracy, but it possesses the ultimate powor.andon some questions, such 08 the relations of labour and capital, compulsory education, sectarian dispute, and a few points of foreign policy, it exercises it unhesitatingly, without tne fainteBt reference either to the upper tea thousand or the working million. 'I nis mo- nopoly, which has always been an anomaly, and may at any timo become an injurious anomaly, these Liberals desire to removo oy admitting the workmen to their fair share ot power. Mr. Baines's bill, on behalf of which Mr. Gladstone paired, did not give them more than their share ; but Its principle wont muck further, and they asked how Mr. Gladstone proposed to keep tho train from slipping upon the incline he waa helping to cou Rtruct ? There is no answer in his preface to that query, only a limitation which is a Conservativo and not a Liberal one, ana a plea that bia tpoech "was not a delibarata and studied announcement,' _ which is ia appearance a plaa ad misericordiam-a denian" that no importance shall be attached to worus which have gone all over England, stirring up the fears of the few and the hopes of toe millions, making all politics more real anu all politicians more earnest, defining new parly lines, and wiping out feuds winch tor years have impelled men who think alike into actually hostile camps. It is, in form, on apolcgy for uttering words which gava to every workman in England a new. hope, a re- vived belief that after all tbo public men wW> govern England might be as honest, as tram ful, and as awaie of tho relation between word and act as any other Englishmen. If we believed this " opology" to bo ¡ai. Gladstone's real meaning, this preveo to tie-, as The Times said, a full and clear retractation, we should despair of Mr. Gbdstono as a leader for any party whutever. MR. GLADSTONE'S SPEECH. (FfiOM THE EXAMINE B.) Observing the mistaken views of Mr. Glad- stone's speech, and that it was hailed oa one eldo and assailed on another as going to tho extreme of radicalism, or democracy, wo stated our.undcrstanding of its scope and bearings, and have now the satisfaction of finding that it accords exactly with Mr. Gladstone's published explanation. The fact is, that both Reformers and anti-Reformers had taken a largo proposition without regard to its limitations, also large. And upon this we observed, in our number of the 21st ult. : "Mr. Gladstone is charged with inconsider- ately proposing tho suffrage miscalled uni- versal, and the principio he has laid down of tbo moral claim of all not incapacitated by personal unfitness or political danger gives Bomo colour to the charge, but he has qualified Lispioposal in bo many places us to reduce it to hounds far from alarming. In fact, ho does what he soys it is incumbent on the opponents of reform to do, shows cau^e against flinging wide open the doors of the electoral palo. And in his admission of the moral claim what largo qualifying conditions are these of 'personal unfitness,'and ' political danger.' Conserva- tism has as ample a shield as it can wuh for in those terms. Tho largo democratic pro- positions are in the abstract, and when we got to Mr. Gladstone's practical proposal it amount« to tho modorato measure of reform cflered in 18C0, ' uot u wholesale, but a sen- sible and considerable addition to that por- tion of the working classes-at present almost infinitesimal-now in possession of the I franchise.' " And in Mr. Gladstone's preface to his pub- lished speech be observes to tho sama effect: " In this speech will bo found the expres- sion of an opinion that the Legislature should exclude from the franchise on two grounds only. First. It should exclude thoso who ure presumably in themselves unfitted to exercise it with intelligence aud integrity. Secondly, it should exclude thoso with íeapect to whom it might appear that, though no personal unfitnecs can be alleged against them, yet political danger might arise from their admission; as, for examplo, through the disturbance of the equilibrium of the constituent body.or through virtual monopoly of power in a singlo class. In our articlo on the scope of Mr. Glad- stone's pioposition we foresaw thut whenover it should be reduced to a practical shape, or indeed distinctly understood, thero would bo muck disappointment, for no measure of gradual extension of the frtiuchiso can be squared with any large abstract principle, and gradual extension is the only extension to be contemplated in the present state of the community. That tb o Buffrage can for ever remain as it is no ono will bo hardy enough to assort, and the difference between Mr. GladBtonoand his opponents in, that he is for admitting to the electoral pale thoso who arc not unfit nor dangerous, while thoy insist upon positive instead of the negative qualifications. This seems to us, after all, but a tweedledum and iwcedkdee difference, and the door may bo opined to the very same mon under either of the two conditions of fit or not unfit, safo or not dangerous. Our satisfaction at Mr. Gladstone's speech was not on the scoro of any extreme Radical- ism in it, for we Baw clearly enough the large set-off of Conservatism reducing tho propo- sition to very moderate dimensions ; but what we valued and rejoiced at was the adhesion to reform, in defiance of the fashionable slang of contempt of it. -The move was good as a departure Irom tho wearisome rest for wnich wo are not grateful, without any reference to the lengths which Mr. Gladstone was or was not prepared to go. And the spirit was brave and generous, and a rebuke to tho prevailing apathy and enre-for-nothing cant. " Amongst ¿ho faithless faithful only he," conspicuously stands Mr. Glad6tono. It is a noble distinc- tion. AMERICA. (FROM THE SATURDAY REVIEW.) The sanguine friends of tho Federal cause havo discovered, since the arrival of Grant in the peninsula, that Richmond will be most effectually isolated by the interposition of the Federal army between Lee and North Caro- lina. It is unsafe to dogmatize on military subjects, but the authority of Grant himself may be quoted in support of the opposite opinion. A general who has tho absolute control of all tho plan of a campaign must bo supposed to approve the course which he has deliberately adopted ; and it would be as absurd to assert that Grant preferred an ad- vanco from the James River as to explain Napoleon's failure in Russia by suggesting that bis own judgement would have led him to abstain from the disastrous march to Moscow. It is, however, still possible that the Federal enterprlze may ba ultimately GucceEsful, though the original project has been defeated. Alargo army encamped in an enemy's country, with an unassallablobasoon tho sea, may, perhaps, weat out even Southern endurance. The allied armies occupied a simi- lar position in front of Sebastopol from the opening of the siege to the cuptuto of the ¿lulukoff. The supplies and reinforcements of the invaders arrived after a time with per- fect regularity, while the Russians exhausted themselves by supporting the army which garrisoned the town. The Federal Govern- ment itt now concentrating all its efforts on the Virginian campaign, although it is forced to loosen its hold on a large portion of Southern teiritory which had been conquered or overrun ; and it is reported that reinforce- ments to the number of 60,000 men will in a few weeks bo collected from detachments and 'garrisons, even as far off as New Orleans. On tho other hand, it may be remembered that, at the outset of the campaign, Geueral Meade was compelled to use strong measures to en- force the continued service of several regi- ments, which wero, a3 he alleged, bound to serve for two months longer. The time has already almost run out, and, according to the forged proclamation, which proved in some other respects correct, 100,000 men will shortly be entitled to their discharge. No recruit- ment or conscription will, undor tho most favuuiable circumstances, be available for the present campaign. On the wholo, the chances appear to be in favour of the defenders of Richmond, but unless the muster-rolls of both armies could he examined, it would be im- possible to form a confident opin'on of the result. ENGLISH MISCELLANY. The Political Cmsis.--Of course the week has been full of rumours of Ministerial change. Ono day it was announced that Earl Russell had resigned, and would be suc- ceeded by Lord Clarendon, another tbat Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Milner Gibsou, Mr. Cardwell, and Mr. Villiers, wero about to take their seats below the gangway. All theso reports are, wo believe, either erroneous or premature, and Loid Palmerston will on Mondoy, we trust, announce tho decision of Her Majesty's Government, supported by evory section of his somewhat composite Cabinet. If that decision is war, he will, we believe, rocoive a response from the country whioh will leavo tho Tories no hope even from accepting the la.* ho undertakes, and render a dissolution as unnecessary as it would just now bo em- barrassing.-Spectator, June 25. North and South.-Threatened Arrest op the Standard Correspondent.-" New Yoik, June 14.-My last letter Informed you of an nppointment at eleven o'clock with Mojor-Generul Dix, the commander on this station. He was punctual to the appoint- ment. He is afine gentlemanly old man of seventy and odd years. He remembered me »s Mr. Calboun's old private secretary. I cannot narrate all that took place, but the general laboured under the impression that I was the incarnation of all that was bad in the Southern Confederacy. It was of no use my telling him that I was for the Union. He did not seem to believe it. He honoured mo by saying that both ambassadors (Dayton and Adams) thought I did more Injury to the causo of America than any other man could do. He said he was in favour of arbitrary arrests in my case-that he would stop these letters in future-that the past he would leave to the President-tbat he would send those papers (file of Standards) to the President, and await his decision- whether to send mo to Jort Lafayette or Richmond. We shall know tho President's decision by Wednesday, June lo. If lie agreos with General Dix, this is the last letter you will get from me, unlosB I nm stat to Richmond. It will probably make both Mr. Mason and Mr. Slidell laugh at the idea of sendiu« me to Richmond. If the President does this. I wiU continuo my letters. I believe at Fort Lafayette there is no writing paper. 1do not suppose that this letter will be up to tho mark, or bo as interesting as ray letters have been for (ho past three years and over, ?uy the way, General Dix was kind enough to say, that he had no objection to my giving as 'War news whatever Mr. Secretary Stanton sent on to him (General Dix), but as you can copy this from tbo daily papers, thire is no necesBity for my alluding to it. Wo do not have much official war news. My own ¡do» is that Grant is pretty well played oat." Standard. The Conference,-The Conference mot on Saturday, at one o'clock. The meeting was purely formal ; the mombers assembled merely to sign tho protocols, and the war has recommenced. The proceedings of Saturday were entirely barren of result, but we under- stand that the representatives of the German powers read a declaration, in whioh thoy throw upon Denmark the whole resp jaslbillty of tho failureof the Conference, a responsibility which, wo need hardly say, Denmark entirely repudiates. Denmark accepted without re- serve the proposal made by Karl Russell of tho frontier of the Schlot and the D.iaue werke. But, as the Germau Powors refused this frontier, Denmark falls back upon tho rights gnaranteed to hor by the Treaty of 1852\. The protocols of the Conference are exceedingly diffuse, and wo are glad to learn that, at the suggestion of one of the members, a resume was drawn up which will place the whole matter before the public iu concise and intelligible language. If that resume be printed with proper expodition there need ba no delay in the publication of the piners promised by Lord Palmerston.-Standard, June 27. Tripie Convention between Russia, Prussia, and Austria,-The Gazette de Co- logne publishes tho following summary of Bustian propositions which have been tho subject of negotiations at KJUsengen and Carlsbad. Russia, Prussia, and Austria bind thbintelves by a convention to act together upon all the European questions of the pre- sent time ; to declare the Polish question an internal not an international question, and mutually to guarantee to each other thoir ox isting'frontiers. The ratifications of this con- vention to be exchanged shortly.-Standard, Juno 27. The Ballot in England.-Mr. H. Berkeley and Lord Palmen-ton had their usual good natured duel about the ballot on Monday night, Lord Palmerston as usual coming off victorious both in argument and in. votes. Mr. Berkeley took his plac» at the table on the Opposition side of tho House amid much laughter, which gave occasion to Lord Pal- merston to say in his reply that he hoped the debate would not make Mr. Berkeley feel so comfortable in his present position as toi u duce him to mako it pormanent. " Nothing CBn bo more honourublo to any mun than steadily adhering to the cause or party which he has adopted, and tho more the cause or party is going down in public opiniou tho moro honourable le his devotion." The result showed that the ballot certainly is going down in public opinion, 212 voting agúnst and only 123 for it; und we 'suppose that Lord PalmeiBton also meant to admit tho fall of the Liberal canso in public oplnioa, and to appeal to Mr. Berkeley's gallantry not to desert it.-Spectator. A Result op the Cotton Famine.-It is Btated that the cotton famine has mado the foitnno ol Dundee. The manufacturo of jute, tho staple of the place, has increased in five years from 300,000 to b'00,000 bales, tho prico of the material has scarcely increased, while that of the yarn bos doubled, and the manu- facturers are buying new machinery, building gri at vessels, and erecting palaces for thorn selves on the banks of tho Tay.-Spectator. Death op a Confederate General. General J. E. B. Stuart, the greatest of the Confederate cavalry officors, who was mortally wounded in the fight with Sheridnn's cavalry neorRichmond.diedatRIchmond on Thursday the 19th of May. He met death bravely as he had always mot tho onomy, but, though composed and master of himself at tho last, he passed through a delirious stage in which he reviewed in broken sentences his success- ful and daring raidB about M'CleUan's rear and on the Rapidan. In bia last moments he distributed hiB horses to his staff officers, selecting them anxiously so as best to suit their future riders. He left his golden spurs to the wife of General Lee, and his sword to his son. His wife did not arriva in timo to Bee him, but, though eagerly counting tho minutes in the hope that ho might sea her, ho expressed ;his complete resignation to God's will, aud died as he had fought, one of tho blind, but disinterested noble and dovoted servants of an evil cause. Nathaniel Hawthorne.-America has lost her greatest and most original author. Nathaniel Hawthorne was found dead in his bed in a country houso at Plymoutb, New Hampshire, whither ho had gone to recruit failing health, on tho 10th Muy. General Franklin Pierce, tbo Democratic President of 1862, who gave him the Liverpool Consulship in that year, and who wub an old college friend of Hawthorne's, accompanied him, wo believe, on this last visit, and was tbo first, it is said, to discover his death. Genorai Pierco writes to n friend immediately after Hawthorne's death :-" Ho lies upon his side, biß position is so perfectly natural and easy his eyes closed, that it is difficult to realizo while looking upon his noblo face that this is death. He must have passed from natural slumber to that from which there is no waking without the slightest movement." His weird romances und tales all run on the mystery of the connexion between minti and body, and trent that subject with a peculiar and almost prying imaginative curiosity, were it nut that the effect is never small or insigni- ficant, though often painful. But this íb no pince to discuss the genius of so unique a writer. Hawthorne was just sixty ysars old at the time of his death.-Spectator. The French Ascot.-Whoa the name of tho French winner was announced, the Due de Horny, President of tho Legislative Body, wept upon the bosom of the owner, M. Déla marro, as nn evidence of his patriotism. It is reported that the Jookoy Club has remon- strated with its French namesake on its im- morality in selecting Sunday for a horse-race ! The two incidents stand well together. Duelling in Pbussia and Fkanoe.-Tho Prussian Government íb trying hard to abolish the sixth commandment. Not content with ordering its soldiery to kill inoffensivo Danos, it dismisses them for want of readiness to kill each other. Three brothers, the Counts of Schmislng Kerffenbrock, described as excel- lent officers, expressed an opinion against duelling as forbidden by the church to which they belonged under pain of excommunication. Their colonel asked if they would accept a challenge, and tho eldest replied that ho would not, whereupon the three were dismissed the service by Royal order, avowedly lest they should compromise the regiment. The scandal is the greater be- cause Frederick the Great decided that duel- ling was contrary to the discipline of the service, and there íb a savage order of his ex- tant under which the survivor was to bo summarily hanged, and which for years sup- pressed the practice. Napoleon limited it in the French army, but it has grown undor his nephow to a height which actually interfores with regimental efficiency. Marriage op the Comte de Paris.-LouIb Philippe Albert d'Orléans, Comte do PariB and head of his house, was on Monday mnrricd at Kingston to bia cousin, Isabelle d'Orléans, daughter of the Due do Montpen Blcr, and of the Bister of the Queen of Spain. The bridegroom is a" tall slight mau of twenty-six, looking very young;, with very fair hair; the bride a child of sixteen, with a profile like the Princess of Wales, but dark hair, Spanish eyes, and delicate complexion. She may bo Queen of tho French yet lomo day, for her husband is heir of the elder as will as the younger branch, and mean whllo ehe is tho bride of a Prince whose family have been singularly popular in Eng- land since their exile. The Prince of Wales was not present at the ceremonial, but arrived immediately after. The list of guests includod the Ambassadors of Austria, Prussia, Italy, Belgium, Spain, Bavaria, Saxony, and Por- tugal, and the scone altogether was of a kind which tho ilonitair will be very careful not to report.--Spectator, Juno i. English Travellers in Prussia.-Tho papers are full of the annoyances to which English travellers are subjected in Prussia. Officials snap their fingers in their faces, hotel keepers refuse them beds, and the mob groans and spits as only a German mob can. Daring the height of the Russian war Russians wore as safeln London as in St. Petersburg-were, indeed, rather lionized. But then the Prus- sians ure a civilized people, full of education and the quality thoy call " Empfindsamkeit ;" boys, in fact, with boya' good-humour and bo} s incapacity for self restraint. Tub Seizdrb op the Guano Islands of Peru,-The Spaniards have seized tho Guano It-lands belonging to Peru. It appears that on 80th March an envoy, calling himself special commissioner, demanded an audience of the President, who declined to receive him in that capacity-intended to Imply tbat Peru wns still a colony-but was ready to treat with him as confidential agent. Don Salazar y Mazaredo refused, but handed in a paper of complaints, and ordered the squadron which h« had sent for from Chili to seize the Chincho Islands, which produce 18,000,000dol. out of the Peruvian revenue of 23,000,000 dol. The righto of tho creditors of Peru, however, to whom the guano is mort- gaged, were reserved. The Peruvians are unable to recover the islands, bat they have authorized. a loan of £10,000,000, and raised volunteers, while all the foreiijii Consuls havo protested against the act. Tho Commissiouei's only explanation is that Peru had never beou acknowledged as independent by Spain, and that she was raising a loan in order to oppose hi-jiiBt demands. Spain, wo believe, has some real grievances against Pera, at least the Emperor of the French is said to think bo; but this habit of seizing "ma- terial guarantees " is provoking war all over the world. The Emperors at Kissinobs.-A commu- nication ftom Kissingeu of the 10th thua de- scribes the meeting of the Emperors and tho excitement at Kitsingen l&Bt; week :-" The telegraph has already informed you that the arrival of the Empeior and Empress of Russia was closely followed by that of their Austrian Majesties. The former sovereigns alighted at the Kurhaus, and there are only two houses between that and the Villa Hers, where the Emperor and Empress of Austria reside. The Czar has brought with him his two sons, the Grand Dukes Paul aud Sergey, and his daughter the joung Graud Duchess. Francis Joseph, being the last comer, visited the Em- peror Alexander II. through a pelting rain the morning after his «nival. The Empress of Austria, who was suffering from the fatigue of her journey, had not yet left her apart- ments. Tho Emperor of Austria wore the uniform of a Russian general. A short timo after, theCzsr, in the dress of a general of the Austrian cavalry, and attended by Princo Dolgoruki, ono of his aides-de-camp, re- turned. In tho evening, the two Emperors in plain clothes, and accompanied by tho Empress of RuBsia, made their appearance on the grand promenade. It would be im- possible to mention the number of Russians and EngÜBh who are now here. The crowd is immense, and the august visitors have some difficulty in walking about, so eager is everyone to get a close sight of them. Tho two sovereigns salute with great amiability the persons arouud them. During the pro- menade the Empress of Russia took the arm of the Emperor of Austria. Her oountenanco bears the traces of the physical suffer- ings for the alleviation of which she has visited Kissingun. As tho daughter of the Grund Duke of Darmstadt ßho had when young the reputation of being en- dowed with the most amiable qualities, and that character has increased since she has become an Empress. The Grand Duke of Oldenburg is also at Kissingen ; his presence here shows that the last word as to the suc- cession of tho Duchies is not yet Bpoken in favour of the Prince of Augustonburg. The Grand Duke is a handsome man, and his countenance is very pleasing. He accom- panied the two Emperors in thoir promenade. Count de Rechberg and PrinceduGortschakoff. arm-in-arm, followed their sovereigns. This morning theEmperor of Austria and theGrand Duke of Oldenburg wero together on tho promenade, the Count de Rechberg conversing with Baron de Pfordten. The King of Ba- varia is among the latest arrivals." A letter from Kissingen, in the North Oerman Gazette, says :-" Almost all the great states have sent here either representatives or men of confi- dence charged to observo what is goiug on. Even tho National Polish Govern- ment and the Dake of Augustenburg are said to have agents here. In the midst of the town has been erected a large triumphal arch, which is alone sufficient for the solomn reception of all the potentates in Europe. It firfct displayed the Bussian colours, then the standards of Austria and Bavaria, but the Grand Duke of Oldenburg was obliged todo without such an honour, as his colours could not be procured. A strict control is exercised over all passports and the arrivol and de- parture of foreigners. These rigorous mea- sures of safety commence at Schweinfurt, the last railway station beforo arriving at Kis BiDgen." THE AUSTRALIAN SHIP ROYAL STANDARD. (FBOM THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS, JUNE l8.) COLLISION WITH AN ICEBERG. We havo been favoured by Captain G. H. Dowell, commander of tho sorow steamship Royal Standard, one of the White Star line of Australian packets, refitting in the port of Rio do Janeiro, with the sketch from which our engraving is mado, and with an extract from his logbook describing this ¡perilous ad- venture.^ It was on the homeward voyage, from Melbourno to Liverpool, on the 4th of April, when the vessel was in Int. 51° 40' S., and Ion. 145° 27' W., which is somewhere about midway between Molbourno and Cape Horn, in tho South Pacifio Ocean. Our readers may recollect that tho Himalaya and other homeward-bound vessels in the earlier months of this year bad found those seas beset with icebergs, of which an illustra- tion waa not long Hinco engraved in thia journal ; but the Royal Standard had a very near escape of being dashed to pieces against ono of those formidable floating masses which in the summer of the Antarctic region are frequently detaohod from the frozen woters of the South Pole, and drift into tho highwoy of Australian navigation. The weather was hazy at eleven o'clock in the morning ; the vessel was sailing with a fresh brcezo from the north west, ten knots an hour ; her steam- engines, therefore, were not at work, and her screw-propeller was raised, while she made uso of the favourable wind. Suddenly she ran into a dense fog. The look-out man reported that she was lu broken water, and immediately afterwards saw a large iceberg on the right hand, closo under her starboard bow. The captain instantly had the helm put hard a-etarboard, called all hands, and braced the yards sharp up, thus bringing the ship along- side of the iceberg, instead of running into it, ne she would otherwise have done, for it was impossible to stay her course. The iceberg loy just under her lee, its precipitous cliffs. 600 feet in height, were toworing above the ship on tho right hand, their ends being concealed by the fog ; the only question was whether the ship could get past without being driven against them. The Boa running high that way, gradually Bottled her against the icobeig broadside on. Each wave now knocked her against it ; the robound of each wave carried off her hull, but struck her yatds against the iceberg above. They bore one or two of theso shocks, while causing a shower of great lumps of ice to fall upon the deck. At length the maintopmast and the mizen-top miist snapped asunder just abovo the caps, and fell, bringing down with them all the upper masts, yards, and gear belonging to each, and breaking in their fall tho brass bands of the lower yards. The ship meanwhile still moved slowly on. Next went the foretopgallant-mast, the jibboom, the foretopsail-yards, tho stud dingsail- booms, and all their gear, broken against the side of the iceberg ; and the remain- ing soils woro more or less tom or damaged by the fall of these spats. The ship, having thus lost much of her sailing power, could not now keep her hull from coming iDto violent contact with the iceberg. The life-boat, suspended by davits to her side, the bumpkin and all starboard bulwarks, were presently smaehed. In soveral places the starboard quatter was stove in. The iron beams of the poop-deck, aoross the breadth of the veBscl, were bent so as to bulge up the deck as much as one foot. The walls of the cabins wero damaged, and tbo captain's cabin stove in, breaking up the case which contaiuod the ship's chronometers, and scattering them, with other wreck of the cabin and its furniture, on the floor. By another crash, an upper plate amidships was split, with considerable damage besides. At this moment the destruction of the ship seemed quite inevitable ; but, ub Bho continued slowly to move ahead, under mainsail and foresail, tbere was still some hope. The Royal Standard had thus rubbed shoulders with the iceberg for about half an hour, scraping along half a mile of its length, when happily, the end of it was seen through the surrounding fog, and at last the ship got clear. Captain Dowell immediately ordered the pumps to be sounded in all her compartments, and found that there was no leak, after all tho rough ordeal she had passed. Here we may refer to a short noto by Mr. Hugh Joblson, one of the passengers, who says that they all acknowledged their gratitude to Almighty God for their preservation from this fearful danger ; and he adds that they would bear testimony to the good conduct of tbo captain, officers, ond crew, by whom the discipline of the ship was perfectly maintained, and whose efforts to save her were at length crowned with eucccsb. As Boon as she was clear of the iceberg, the captain ordorod steam to bo got up, and in an hour and a quarter the en- gine wos at work. She thuB made her way to Rio de Janeiro, steaming or sailing under jut} masts, BB beBt she could. Having, in this crippled and disabled plight, arrived in the Brazilian port, Captain 'Dowell wishes to thank the commander of the United Statis frigate Onward for his generous offers of assistance. WILLIAM SMITH O'BRIEN. (FROM THE HOME NEWS.) A bravo, generous, and honourable man full of noble, knightly impulses and instincts, blended with Quixotic foibles and weaknesses, and a tendency to many crotchets, bas gone to his rest in William Smith O'Brlon. He possessed not only considerable talents, but a fearless and generous heart. Those who dif- fered wlthhim ond condemned his "mistaken course" yet respect his memory as that of one deeply and sincerely attached to Ireland, and proud of that country which he loved "not wisely but too well." In every phase of lifo he was a perfect gentleman. He had a croze-who has not?-and dreamt of the restoration of the dynasty which his ambi- tious ancestor, Bryan Bom, the "King of Munster," founded in the eleventh century, when he overturned the ancient Hy-Niall line, and entailed upon his country conquest aud miseries unequalled in the annals of any nation. This feeiiug assumed the aspect of a morbid vanity, which cramped his better judgement, and may be regarded as the root of the errors of his public life. He died on Juno 10, at tho Penrhyn Arms, Bangor, of a disease of the liver. His eldest son, Mr. Edward O'Brien, and other members of his family wero with him. Ho met death with that courage, and calmness, and gentleness, which were characterlsticof his nature. Mr. Smith O'Brien was descended of an ancient princelv house in Munster, of which tho M'Carthys of Desmond were the chief, and the family of Marshal M'Mahon, Duke of Magenta, a branch. They wero the first to adapt themsolvoB to the English regime in Ire- land. " The sack of Cashell," by hw ancestor, Murtoch O'Brien, Lord Inchiquin, a soldier of Cromwell, exceeded in ferocity and relent lessncss all that has been told of Cromwell's " massacres" in Drogheda, and at the " cross of Wexford"-so true it is that neophytes aro ever more zealous than the party to whom they go over. The family also joined the army of William the Third at the Revolution, nnd that monarch rewarded William, second Earl of Inchiquin with the Governor Generalship of Jamaica. Mr. O'Brien was the second son of Sir Edward O'Brlon, the fourth barouet, by Mb wife Charlotte, one of the co-heiresses of Mr. William Smith, of Cahermoyle, a wealthy merchant in Limerick, whose property he in- herited. His eldest brother, Sir Lucius O'Biien, having proved heirsbip within the last four years to the title of Inchiquin, then in abeyance, is now Baron of Inchiquin, in tho peerage of Ireland, and Lord-Lieutenant of tue county of Clare. Mr. William Smith O'Brien was bom on the 17th of October, 1803, and was, therefore, in his sixty-firstyear. By his marriage with a daughter of Air. Gobbett, a merchant in Limerick, he has left an eldest son, Edward, bom in 1837, and four younger sons and two daughters. Ho was educated at Harrow and Trinity College, Cambridge. Ho entered Purliamentin 1820 as M.P. for Ennis, in the Liberal interest. Ho sat for tho county Limerickfrom January, 1835, down to tho year 1849, when his seat was declared vacant on account of sedition. Mr. Disraeli, in his " Life of Lord George Bentinck," takes occasion to allude to O'Brien's " many generous qualities," and speaks ol him as one who, if his judgement had been equal-to his abilities, which were far from inconsiderablo, might havo filled a very UFeful and gratifying position." Although a follower of O'Conuoll, Smith O'Brien saveral times acted In the House quite independently of his leader. Indeed, he more than once endangered all his popularity in Ireland by adoptin g such o course. Up to the period of his joiniBg the repoal agitation in 1843, Mr. O'Brien was highly respected in the Ilousei of Commons. He spoke with ability and thorough knowledge of his subject. About that time ho brought forward a motion for inquiring into the condition of Ireland, whioh was rejected, and be flung himself into the repeal agitation. O'connell received him with open arms, and he divided with the great tribune popularity with the masses of the people. Some of the boat and most practical speeches ever uttered in Oon ciliation-hall woro delivered by him. He identified himself with the extreme repeal party in that assembly popularly called " Young Irelanders," who, iu consequence of tho petulanco of Mr. John O'connell, seceded in a body in 18-16, upon which be founded tho "Irish Confederation." When the French Revolution broke out in 1818 he visited Paris, accompauied by Federal General Mcagher, to obtain aid from Lamar- tine, and other members of the provisional Governmont, with a view to effect the inde pendenco of Ireland. Thoy were received but coldly by tho French Republic, who had enongh to do at home not to embroil them- selves in a foreign war with a powerful state. But he brought homo a flag with him, which he held waving In the Music- hall, at a great meeting of the Irish Confederation. His sub- sequent career is well known. The Coercion Act, popularly called in Ireland " Clarem don's Gagging Act," passed, and, to avoid arrest, he and othor leaders of tho body took to the country. In the summer of 1848, he appeared in arms at the head of some thousands of followers in the south of Ireland. But his heart was not in it, or be was unfit to bo the leader of a revolution. He was too humane. He would not allow his " army" to raise a commissariat from the neighbouring farmers ; he looked upon it as '' plunder" to take their cattle from them to feed bis famishing followers ; and he would not permit M'Manus to Bet ure to the house at Balliugarry, in which a lieu- tenant and his party had barricaded them- selves, lest tho "widow and child inside might be burned to death." A council wob actually held of his " officers" to depose him, and ho narrowly escaped being shot. After this, the misguided band scattered like sheep without a shepherd, and sought safety by fligbt and concealment. Mr. O'Brien could easily have mado his escapo, notwithstanding a reward of JG600 was offered for his apprehension, but, chivalrous to the last, he scorned to secure his own safety, and leave those he had led into danger to bear alono the penalty. He was arrested as ho was stepping publicly into the ruilway carriage, and tried at Clonmel for ¡ high treason before Chief Justices Bluckburne I and Doherty, and Mr. Justice Moore. He was defended by Mr. Whiteside and tho present Baron Fitzgerald, with all the fervour, elo- quence, and legal acumen with which those gentlemen are gifted, but it was ot no avail, j He was found guilty and sentenced for death, but the sentence was commuted to transporta- tion to Norfolk Mand for life. Ho would not give his parole not to escapo, and was sub- jected hy Governor Denison to a severe and rigorous imprisonment, which shattered an otherwise robust constitution. Finally, he was pardoned by the Queen, and returned to his native land. Since then ho attended no public meetings, but on several occasions ad- dressed his fellow-countrymen through the public papers upon political and social ques- tions. Smith O'Brien was a highly accomplished and in certain respects an able man. But ho was not endowed with commanding ability of any kiisd. Almost any of tho noted Young Ire landers may be said to have possessed talents of a higher kind than this well-cultured, honourable, and patriotic country gentleman. He had many little weaknesBos and vanities, harmless, but perceptible. His hatred to English rule in Ireland, although under the restraint which was part of his education os a gentleman, was bo strong aa to be no doubt unintelligible to niOBt Englishmen. Hiatory will have, In a more impartial and distant ago, to settle tho question-If indeed, it then bo thought worth considering at | all-how far it was tho fault of the English system of government that this highly-educated, highly-born, able, and ho- nourable gentleman, felt impelled to risk happiness, fortuno, house, and even life, in a wild attempt to get rid of British rule iu Ireland. At preseut it is enough to say that bis love for his country was deep, disin- terested, and abiding. It survived trial and change, disaster and disgrace, tho neglect of the many, the ridicule of not a few. No Englishman is so narrow-minded as to refuse to Smith O'Brien the credit of such a sen- timent. It was not his good fortune to bo able to achieve anything for the country which he loved so earnestly. It is a some- what singular caprice of fate which ha i or- dained that even his death should not take place in the iand for which hu suffered bo much and acted so rashly, and from whose most ancient mee and most renowned kings it was his pride to have npiuug. The remains of William Smith O'Brien arrived from Wales at four o'clock In the morning of June 23, at tho North Wall, in ono of the City of Dublin Company's steamers. About 2.000 porsons wero present to receive the remains. A hearse was in attendance, and as soon as tho coffin was conveyed on shore it was borne towards tho hcarao, in order to be conveyed to tho Great Southern and Western Railway, en route to Limerick, but the people sbouted unanimously that it should bo curried to the railway, ond all efforts to take it to tho hearse were unavail- ing. A procession was formed, and tho coffin was borne on tho shoulders of six men to tho railway, by woy of the Royal Canal and tho principal streets. á LATEST INTELLIGENCE. (froh the times, june 27.) AMERICA. New York, Jone 15. Tho latest official intelligence from the Army of the Potomac, .to eight a.m. of the 18th inst., reports an important movement then in progress. Unofficial accounts from Washington to yesterday morning Btate that General Grant has transferred his base of operations to the James River. General Sheridan, who has been detached with a strong force for a raiding expedition, is slated to be at Gordonville, en route to join Hunter in au attempt to reach Lynch liurg, and to destroy the Eatt Tennessee and Virginia Railway-Lee's principal line of supplies. General Hunter officially reports that he captured 1,600 prisoners, 3,000 small-arms, and three cannon, in the engagement on the 6th hibt. ; also that he was joined by Crooks and Averill, froui West Virginiu, on the 12th inst. A detachment of Morgan's force?, under Logan, captured General Hobson and 1,600 Fedérala at Cyuthiaaa, Kentucky, on the 11th inst. Another detuchment occupied Prank fort on Friday. The Federal general Burbridge,'3who marched to dislodge the Confederates, reports that be attacked and routed them at Cyn thinna on th« morning of the 12th inst., with the lots of 300 killed and wounded and 400 prisoners. The Federal Ioes was 150. A Federal expedition, 8,000 strong, under General SturgeB, which left Memphis on the 1st iU6t, has been defeated at Guntown, West Tennessee, by General Forrest, with loss of all its artillery train, ammunition, and many prisoners. The remnant of tho expe- dition Das returned to Memphis. Forrest is believed to be moving to operate against Sbermau's communication. Sherman's head-quarters were at Big Shanty, Georgia, on the 12th inst. This ad- vance was within 600 yards of Johnston's lines. Sherman l8 reported to bo intrench- ing. The House of Representatives on the 13th inst. repealed the Fugitive Slave Law by a vote of eighty-four against fif ty-eight. Judge Russell yesterday instructed the grand jury to inquire into the recent suppres- sions of the World and Journal of Commerce newspapers, and, if tho laws of the State have beon violated, to indict all the partieB con- cerned. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. Gold since Saturday morning, under tho influence of conflicting rumours from the armies, and of Mr. Chase's financial inten- tions, togethei with the passage by tho House of Representatives of a new bill restricting transactions in gold and exchange, has fluc- tuated between 103 and 198. At half-past ten this morning it íb 197}. Exchange, 216^. United StateB Sixes, registered 1881,107A ; Five-Twenties (coupons),105J ; Seven-Thirties, 1Û7A ; Elie Railway ahares, 112} ; Illinois Cen- tral, 130. Cotton closed yesterday at 128Jc. Bread stuffc firmer. Provisions excited. Sugar steady. Coffee quiet. The Australasian takes 674,717doIs., in specie. OPENING OF THE DANISH RIGSRAAD. Copenhagen, June 26, 2.25 r.si. TheRigsraud was opened to-day, utnoon, by tho President of the Council, who read the. Speech from the Throne, which contained tho following passages: " The threatening crisiB of the Fatherland,, and the expenditure neceSBary for the con- tinuation of war, have caused this convoca- tion of the Rigsraad. We havo recently learned for how little the clearest right reckons in Europe, nnd how isolated we are. We, therefore, acceded to the painful sacrifice of the country south of the Schlei. The enemy demandB more, but we reply nega- tively, being convinced that the people agree with us. "May God grant that at least in a certain place the sympathy for us may grow into activo support." THE LONDON CONFERENCE. Paris. June 25, Evening. At the last sitting ot the Conference to-day no prolongation ot the armistice was agreed upon, ana the Conference closed without any rebult. June 20. Tbo Moniteur of this evening says: " Yesterday's sitting of the London Confe- rence passed off very quietly. The bellige- rents read declarations, in which they ex- plained the present position of allairs accord- ing to the viowB of their respective Govern- ments. Earl Russell reviewed the labours of the Conference, and expressed a hope, in which the neutral powers concurred, that, whatever might be the issue of the conflict, the independence of the Danish monarchy would be preserved. It is thought that hostilities will be resumed this morning. Fourteen Danish vessels are cruising between Kiel and the island of Fehmern." Berlin, June 23. The Spenersche Zeitung of to-day says : "A telegram from Vienna, dated yesterday evening, states that the German Sovereigns at Carhbud had come to an understanding upon the Dano-German question. According to this understanding Prussia would, with trie con- currence of Austria, propose at the Federal Diet that the German Confederation should declare war against Denmark." Tho semi-official ¿lord Deutsche Zeitung of to-day soys : " The fortnight's prolongation of the armis- tice which was agreed to at tho sittiug of the Conference of the 0th inst. explies on the 26th, so that hostilities will recommence on the 20th, and not on the 27th inst."., Prince Albert of Prussia will leave this ovening for the head-quarterB of the army in the Dutchies, in consequence of a telegram Bent by the Klug from Carlsbad. Hamburg, June 20. , Prince Albrecht passed in great haste through Hamburg this morning, being tho bearer of an order to Marshal von Wrangol to recommence hostilities to-day. Heide, June 25. The Duke of AugUBtenburg, at a banquot given in his honour the day before yesterday, said : " I rejoice to bo the first German Prince of SchleBwig-IIolstein, and shall in future adopt no separatist .interests. The!Princo and the people ure leady to make any Bacrifice to their liberators which may contribute to the welfare of Germany." DEATH OF TOE KING OF WURTEM- BERG. Stdttgabd, June 25. King William I., of Wurtemberg, died, at BoeenBtein Castle, at five o'clock this morn- ing. His Majesty was bom on September 27, 1781. ITALY. Turin, June 25. In yesterday's evening sitting of the Chamber of Deputies, the Minister of Fi- nance announced that the concessionaires of the Credit Foncier had withdrawn their pro- position, in consequence of whioh the Ministry would withdraw their bill authoriz- ing the concession. At the same time the Minister declared that a fresh bill would be brought in, which, instead of granting an exclusive concession, should throw tho pro jict open to public competition. The Minister for Foreign Affairs, in reply to a question, declared, that to protectltalian interests in Peru, the Government had deter- mined to hasten the departure of an Italian Minister to Lima. Thoy also Intended send- ing some vessels to tho Paciücjto increase the number of their representatives. Rome, June 25. The Congregation of tho Index has con- demned thirteen works, among whioh are Les Miserables, by Victor Hugo, and some romances of Do Balzac and Suulié. TURKEY AND THE PRINCIPALITIES. ?Constantinople, June 22. , The Conference of Ambassadors has sanc- tioned the reported arrangement botweon the Porte and Prince Couza. relative to a change in the constitution of the Principali- ties. The English Government has given biscuits to tbo value of £6,000 to the Circassian», and offered to the Porto to facilitate a special loan for the purchase of objects to be distributed niLong them. Immense suffering and mor- tality continuo among the immigrants. * This telegram lias boon dolaycd in transmission. RUSSIA. St. Petersburg, June 25. The Minister of Finance has submitted to the Council of State a project for the forma- tion a Russian Crédit Foncier and Industrial Bank. The establishment of theso institu- tions will bo uudertaken by the first Loudon houses, among which are tho International Fiunncial Society and the London Credit Foncier. The Bank of Meiulugeu will also concur in this object. TUE FLOODING OF TUE YARRA. DEPUTATION TO THE CHIEF SECRE- TARY. Tho deputation appointed at tbo public meeting, held in Melbourne on the 8rd inst., to urge upon the Government the necessity of adopting some means to prevent the re- currence of disastrous floods in the River Yarra, waited upon the Chief Secretary yesterday. The Commissioner of Public Works waa present during the interview. The gentlemen forming the deputation in- cluded representatives Irom tho Corporation of Melbourne and from some of the sub- urban boroughs, and other local bodies ; and also several members of both Houses of Parliament. Amongst the number wero the Mayor of Melbourne (Mr. J. T. Smith, M.L.A.), the Hon. J. P. Fawkner, M.L.C., the Hon. G. W. Cole, M.L.O., Mr. Johnston, M.L.A., Mr. O'Grady, M.L A., Mr. Anderson, W.L.A., Mr. Brodribb, M LA., Mr. Cohen, M.L.A., Mr. Kyte, M.L A., Mr. Loader. M.L A., Mr.Oikney.M.L.A. ; Messrs. Thorp, Williams, and Goldsmith, members of the Olty Coun- cil; the Town Clerk of Melbourne (Mr. Fitzgibbon), tbo Mayor of Sandridge (Dr. Plummer), and tho Town Clerk (Mr. Clark), Mr. Miller, tho proprietor of the Yarra Ropo Fuctory, Mr. Pengalli. &c.; It was explained that tho mayors of several of the suburban boroughs, who intended to have formed part of the deputation, were preveuted from at- tending, in consequence of having duties to ditchaige in connexion with tho municipal elections. The Mayor of Melbourne introduced the business of the deputation by read- ing tho resolutions adopted at tho pub- lic meeting, and proceeded to objorvo that the number and character of tho deputation-which included partios of all political opinions, and members of both branches of the Legislature-evinced tho great public anxiety which was felt in this matter. It was absolutely necessaiy that some steps should bo taken to prevent the flooding of tho Yarra in futuro, for unless thut wero done, the propeity on the banks of the river would bo liable to serious damage at any time. In consequence of a largo quantity of land on both sides of the river having been drained, for the purposes of cultivation, the flow of water was now much greater than formerly, and a comparatively small fall of rain was sufficient to flood tho river. The two last disastrous floods were quite sufficient to Show the importance of taking steps to pre- vent a recurrence of such calamities. Tho work was not ono which ought to bo left to the city corporation or to the suburban councils, even if they had the funds to execute it ; but it was one which ought to bo regarded as a national work, and, therefore, undertaken by the Government. Mr. M'Culloch thought ho could probably sove dihcussion by stating what the inten- tions of the Government were. Thoy had, all along, admitted the necessity of some- thing being dono to provent the evils arising from tbo overflowing of the Yarra, and immediately after the first flood, they ap- pointed a commission to inquiro into the whole subject, and to recommend the best courso to bo adopted to effectually protect Melbourne and .the suburb? from such colamities in future. It waB impossible for non-professional men to investigate the mat- ter thoroughly. Eaoh might have bia indi- vidual opinion as to what ought to bo done ; but tho Government thought it best-and ho believed the result would provo that they weie right-to appoint a board of professional men to go into the whole question. He re- gretted that tho commission had not pre- sented their report long before now, in order that it might havo been laid before Parlia- ment. He had hoped to have had their final report that day, ready to loy before tho deputa- tion ; but unfortunately he had not yet re- ceived it. He had had an interview, how- ever, with one of the commissioners, who had given him a pretty general idea of the scheme which they intended to recommend. It would be n work involving a very largo outlay of money-something like £600,000; but be believed that it would bo one which would effectually secure the object in view-namely, the prevention of tho recurrence of floods, and the destruction of proporty caused thereby. Ho was not in a position to give tho deputa- tion any details of the scheme. He remarked to the member of the board witb whom he had the conversation that surely the work could bo done for something less than £600,000, but the gentleman told him that it could not be dono for less-or, at ali events, that the scheme which the commission pro- posed was the only ono which would be effec- tual. It must bo remembered that keeping open the communication between Melbourne and St. Kilda was not the only object to bo effected, but that Richmond, Sundridgo, nnd, in fact, the whole of the districts along the banks of the Yarra, required to be protected from floods. Until tho report of the commis- sion was presented, he could only say that the Government considered thnt tho provontion of floods was a work which ought to be carried out by tbo state. A portion of the expenses bow much, of course, he could not Bay might probably fall upon the boroughs more immediately interested in the preven- tion of floods, but no doubt the great bulk of the work carno naturally within the character of a national undertaking. Taking this view, the Government bad decided to submit to Parliament, immediately on its re-as- sembling, a general bcheme dealing with the whole question. Ho regretted that one of the speakers nt the meeting at wbich tho deputation was appointed, had blamed the Government for not having already taken action in the matter, for it had really not been in their power to do so. Tho deputation were aware that Government could not enter into a work of such an important character without the sanction of Parliament. They wero nnxious to deal with tho matter at tho first opportunity, and he thought that tho course which thev bad adopted would provo tl.at such was their intention. He honed the object could bo effected for less than £000,000, but the Government felt that, whatever ex- penditure was requisite, the work ought to be carried out. Such was tho principio by which the Government would be guided, lowing tho details to be discussed afterwards. Mr. Kïte asked if tho work would bo made reproductive? Mr. M'Cullooh said it was probable that tho Government might insist upon some toll being levied, with a view to tho repayment of a portion of the expenditure. Thin, however, was purely n question of detail. The Govern- ment desired to got all the information from tho commission they could; and ho could only repeat that, whatever scheme it might bo necessary to carry out, they felt that it ought to be undertaken by tho state, and not left in tho bauds of tho municipalities, either individually oi collectively. What portion of the txpenEo the municipalities Immediately interested in the matter ought to bear, would be a matter of Bubsequont airangomcnt. With regard to two of thoso districts, he might state that un annual income of between ¿7,000 nnd £8,000 was received fiom tolls on the St. Kilda and Sandridge ronds, and only about £4,000 waa expended in keeping tho roods in repair. In reply to another question by Mr. Ky te, Mr. M'Culloch said, ho understood that tho commission thought that the work which thoy intended to recommend could be completed in about eighteen months. The removal of the Falls, and of a lodge of rook immediately above the bridge, rising nine feet, was a portion of tho scheme. Mr. Anderson expressed his gratification at bearing that the Government proposed to deal with this important matter. Ho hoped, however, that the proposed improvements would be. carried out without taxing thoso districts- Buch as Emerald-hill and Sundridgo -which had been the chief sufferers by tho floods. He also suggested that a portion of the sóbeme might be carried out at onco with gieat advantage. For instance, tho removal of tbo Falls, which might be effected at a cost of £160 or £200, would make somo escape for tho water, and perhaps provent tho lower portion b of Richmond and tho St, Kilda-road being flooded. Mr. M'Cullooh intimated that it was pro- bable the Government would not object to 'incur the expenditure of a small sum for carrying out a portion of the sohoine without delay. Beforo the Falls could bo removed, however, it would bo necessary to oreot o weir above the bridge, or tho eolt-woter would find its way as far up the river as Dight's Mills, and claims for compensation would be made against tho Government by the wool- scourors and others engaged on tho banks of the rivor. Mr. Brodribb asked if the commission had sent in a nrogrosB roport ? Mr. M'Cullooh.-No. Mr. Brodribb understood that tho Minister of Railways and Roads had stated in tho Uoubo that such a report had boon sent in. Mr. Hervey explained that tbo only report which had been sent in was one relating simply to a scheme which had at one time been contemplated for placing the approaches to Frincea-bridgo out of the reach of floods. Mr. Brodribb said the district whioh ho represented (St. Kilda) would be glad to seo that report published. Mr. Fawkner regarded tho statements of the Chief Secretary with great satisfaction. He was glad that the Government intended to deal with the whole matter ; and, ovoa though an expenditure of half a million of monty might bo required, he believed that the money would be repaid by the public ad- vantage gained by the prevention of floods. The work was one whioh would bo a benefit to the country at large, and redound to the credit of the Government. Mr. O'Gbadt hoped that care would bo taken to protect the propeity of the landed pioprietors, agriculturists, gardeners, aud others residing at Heidelberg and Temple- stowe. Mr. M'Cullooii would be happj to consider any representations which he received as to the requirements of those districts. Air. Cohen thought that floods might be prevented by the expenditure of a very much, smaller Bum than £GOO,000. What was re- quired was, that the Falls and other obstruc- tions in the river would be cleared away, so that the waters might obtain their natural outlet. Mr. M'Cullooh did not pledge the Govern- ment to expend £600,000. All ho said was, that whatever expenditure might bo requisite, they were prtpared to deal with the question in a manner worthy of the importance of the object which they had to accomplish. He believed himself that the work could be done at veiy much lesB cost, but he could not set up a Don-professional opiuion against a pro- fessional one. Tho Government would duly consider tho report before deciding to adopt tbe recommendation of the commission, and, if neceEsary, get other information. Mr. Johnston was glad to hear that the commissioners bud named a largo sum. because, whatever expenditure might be required, tbo work ought to bo done eflectunlly. He did not think thoro would be any outcry nt the expenditure of half a million of money if the work were propirly done. According to Mr. Anderson's view, that those districts which had suffered batt bhould pay the largest contributions to the copt of the work, Ballarat and Sand- hurst would be called upon to pay most. He did not agree with that opinion. The work was a national one, and be could see no reason why the people of St. Kilda, for instance, should bo called upou to pay any larger share of the cost !than tho residents in any other diBtrict'ln the colony. Mr. Fitzgibbon believed that alargo schomo for the prevention of floods would ba repro- ductive, by the increased value which it would give to the land on the south of tho Yarra below Prince'6-bridge, and possibly by render- ing the river more easily navigable, and, therefore, benefiting the commerce of the capital of the colony. The Mayor of Melbournb, on behalf of the deputation, expressed their thanks to the Chief Secretary for tbo courteous reception which he had given them, and their pleasure at hearing that the Government were pre- pared to propose1, some nationnl schomo for previ nting any repetition of the late destruc- tive floodB. The di putation then withdraw. 