Thb statesmen of oar colonies have not had the advantage of a course of diplomatic training. It is a kind of public education made . up of a variety of social advantages, perhaps only attainable in the polished Courts Or JBiUropkeau yapiiMiHj uuu me cultivation 01 a style not easily understood by the unin itiated. To waltz well— speak French with the Parisian accent— treat ordinary matters with mysterious evasion — and public ques tions with reticent caution— to preserve the most exquisite courtesy in all relations— and the most charming indifference in the pre \- fi«nce of grave complications are Among the leading accomplishments of the professional diplomatist. Unfamiliar by experience with the strifes of Senates he regards his adver sary with respect, and treats him with un exceptionable politeness, up to the moment : when intercourse is arrested by armed an ! tagonism. It is a fine school of good man jners, that of Diplomacy, however exception sable its teaching maybe of the virtues of | sincerity and truthfulness. It regulates the | \ etiquette of international proceedings, guards .the proprieties of the. speech of Govern ments, and talks in a language almost of its own. It is to be regretted perhaps that our : Ministers of the Crown, upon, whom are occasionally cast diplomatic duties, have not had the benefits resulting from such an edu cation. The Colonial Secretary has been recently engaged in an extensive correspon dence with the gentleman occupying a simi lar position in the government of Victoria. The subjects embraced in this correspondence are three— the continuance of transportation from Great Britain to Western Australia — the imposition of Customs duties on goods imported into the colony of Victoria, and a proposed alteration of the contract with the Peninsular and Oriental Company with re reference to the carriage of the English mails. The communications of both Go vernments have been officially published, and we are enabled to form a pretty accurate idea of Mr. Forster's mode of treating in tercolonial matters, of his view of the posi tion and efforts for the protection of the in terests of this country, in fine of his talent for diplomacy in the conduct of this state correspondence. He has been charged with insolence by the prees of Victoria, and the Empire has expressed it3 sympathy with the fairness of the accusation. Let us ex amine the matter with the single object of ascertaining whether the evidence supports the allegation. It is of the highest conse quence that our Government should be re lieved from an imputation which involves the entire absence of gentlemanly feeling, and utter misconception of the dignity of its position. On the 18th August of this year the Colonial Secretary of Victoria ad dresses a despatch to Mr. Forster, counter parts of which were simultaneously sent to the Governments of New Zealand, Queens land, South Australia and Tasmania, inviting his co-operation in effecting the absolute termination of transportation to Western Australia at the earliest possible period. The mode by which, in the opinion of the Victorian Government, this desirable con summation is to be attained is specifically pointed out. It is to be secured by joint ' lpcrislativfl nnt.inn rvrnhihi tmo r\f oTl J™*-™ course whatever with that colony.' At the first glance the proposition strikes one as commending a course of parliamentary action remarkably original and extremely unjust. The Imperial Government being aJone to blame in the matter, having the sole power of regulating the transportation of convicts, it is suggested to us that we may compensate for our want of influence in Imperial Coun cils by aiming a blow at the least protected, and most obscure of Australian colonies. This may be an effective, but it seems to us that it is an extremely reprehensible manner of meeting the difficulty. The immediate steps to be taken in pursuance of this de sign of isolating Western Australia by Act of Parliament, is an alteration of the terms of our mail contract by which the vessels will be prohibited from calling at any port within the limits of that colony, and our Government is informed that the outgoing mail will convey to the Colonial Minister a formal notice insisting upon the acceptance of this condition, and threatening, in the event of non compliance, a withdrawal of the Victorian proportion of the present sub sidy. We are hardly disposed to think that iuc i+iouituo vi y lUbuua, uu. u luulibj; WU1UU while it is one of vital colonial importance, is of small European concern, will be pro ductive of any results which might not have been the consequences of reasonable com plaints, preferred in a constitutional manner. It is however not simply possible but very probable that in the present state of English opinion the threat may provoke a feeling of contempt, which it is not all to our interest either to excite or to nourish. To this despatch Mr. Forster replies on the 26ih of the same month, He informs the Victorian Government that he is directed by his Ex cellency Sir John Young to intimate that the proposal of the Victorian Government cannot be adopted, on the simple ground that it amounts to an undue interference with Imperial functions. The course is the only, one i which Mr, Forstsr could have pos sibly pursued, in the event of our supposing that he had no ambition to make himself ridiculous, and his government contemptible. The language of his reply is of the cold but courteous character which is generally em ployed in compositions of this kind, and seems to us as free from flippancy as an epi taph, and as little savouring of insolence as 'a minute of the Executive. . It will be per Iceived that the two questions of transporta tion and the alteration of the route for the mail service are embraced in this correspon dence. The next and by far the most im portant matter has reference to the Customs duties question. On the 8 th June of this year Mr. Forster addresses a letter to the Colonial Secretary of Victoria, pointing out in a clear and correct manner the fact that while the whole cost of the police protection and the undivided expenses of the general government of our Southern and South Western territory are defrayed from our own exchequer, the greater part of the business operations of these districts has its centre in the capital of Victoria. He proceeds to state that although in a position to enforce the payment of duties by the establishment of Custom houses on the Murray at suitable points, for the expenses incident to which arrangement ho possesses a Parliamentary authorization, he refrains from the adoption of such a course lest there might be an im position of double duties on consumers. He suggests that at Albury, Moama and Echuca and probably two or three other places Cus tom-houses might be established at which the requisite arrangements for purposes of drawback might be made, and of course in timates that the cost of all necessary ar rangements will be exclusively borne by ourselves. He then goes on to indulge in some highly complimentary remarks, and infuses into an otherwise almost perfect stiate paper a degree of warmth inconsistent with the uniformly frigid character of such documents. Indeed he exposes himself to the critical condemnation of excessive pro fession, to which Hamlet's mother took ex ception ' The lady doth 'protest too much methinks' The despatch concludes with a reminder that our authority over the Murray is absolute, inasmuch as the whole of that river up to a certain point is included within our limits. To this despatch a reply was written on the 4 th August which is simply a protest against the claim of New South Wales to exclusive jurisdiction over the waters of the Murray ; and the assertion of a right of free navigation and co-ordinate ju risdiction. It is altogether unnecessary to place any other portion of this despatch be fore our readers. It simply confines itself to a bold assertion of this right, and demands its recognition as an indispensable prelimi nary to any negotiation for the adjustment of the frontier trade. The tone of the paper is neither more nor less courteous than is that of the despatch which it professes to answer. But we may remark in passing, that it leaves no way open by which the subject can be approached for purposes of explanation by our Government. It is never theless clear that no more exorbitant and extraordinary demand could possibly be made. It is simply this — that for purposes of financial co-operation we should consent to alter the boundaries of our own territory, that we should mutually agree, without any resort to the Imperial Parliament, to repeal the; Constitution Act, or so much of it as places beyond all misconception the jurisdic tion over the waters of the Murray. Mr. M'Culloch makes no reference to the opi nions of the gentlemen who are at present the law advisers of his own government, but indulges in an extremely irrelevant allusion . to the conduct of former law advisers of our own. It is unnecessary to notice it, but it is our duty to state that, without a direct violation of the law, which if he had dared to commit he would have deserved something far heavier than the prompt Parliamentary censure he would have obtained on the meet ing of the Legislature Mr. Forster could take no further step in the attempted nego tiation. Our title to the Murray river is as indisputable as that to the Hawkesbury. It is contained in the fifth section of the act of the Imperial Parliament, which con veys the assent of the Crown to our own Constitution Act. It is this : — ' And whereas by the before-mentioned Act of her Majesty, chapter fifty-nine, it is amongst other things enacted that the territories therein described as bounded on the north and north-east by a straight line drawn from Cape Howe to ihe nearest source of ihe River Murray, and thence by the course of that river to the eastern boundary of South Australia, should be erected into a sep'erate colony to be known «ind designated as the colony of Victoria. And whereas doubts have been entertained as to the true meaning of the said discriptioa of the boundary of the said colony : It is hereby declared and enacted that the whole watercourse of the said river Murray from its source therein described to the eastern boundary of the colony of South Australia, is and shall be within the territory of New South Wales: Provided nevertheless that it shall be lawful for the* legislatures and for proper officers of Customs of both the said colonies of New South Wales and Victoria to make regulations for the levying of Customs duties on articles imported into the said two colonieB respectively by way of the river Murray and for the punishment of offences against the Customs laws of the said two colonies respectively committed on toe said river, and for the regulation of the navigation of the said river by vessels belong ing to the said two colonies respectively : Provided also that it shall be competent for tho legislatures of. the said two colonies, by laws passed in cbncUrreuce with each other, to define in any 'different; manner the boundary line of the said two colonies along the course of the river Murray, and to alter the other provisions of this section.? Mr. Forster properly closes the correspon dence by two acts. He addresses a despatch to the Colonial Secretary of Victoria de clining to enter upon any controversy re garding our legal rights; and transmits a notification of our own Collector of Customs of date August 18. By this notice the-* public are informed that Custom-house sta tions have been formed at Albury, Coroioa, ' Moama, Swan Hill, Huston and Wentworth and that on and after the 19th of Septem ber duties will be levied on all goods which are subject to duty under our tariff, and which shall be brought across the Murray from Victoria. Such are the leading inci dents of this chapter of colonial diplomacy ; and we are gratified to find that while our government has firmly maintained the un doubted rights of the colony, the expression ? of its views has neither been inconsistent with those principles of courtesy which re gulate the intercourse of civilized communi ties, nor unworthy of the high, importance of the matter at issue. Mr. Forster is charged by a Victorian organ of public opinion with being ' as deficient in the habits of a Minister as he is in the instincts of a gentleman.' We are unaccustomed in this colony to the violence of the press, and we have no idea consequently of the proper kind of reply to such language as this. Our models of Ministerial conduct and gentle manly behaviour are not taken from Mel bourne journalists. We may be the victims of a sad delusion, the miserable inheritors of a depraved taste, but we are strongly of opinion that if our tariff comprehended,, among other things, a prohibitive impost on Melbourne journals, the cause of pure lite rature — gentle manners — and a sound un derstanding with our neighbours would be materially served. We are afraid that our youthful daughter settled in the North is bent upon seducing our old friend Dr. Lang, Young Queens land is evidently displaying all her fascina tions to allure his Reverence from his historical home, and lead him from the bosom of that happy family, to the harmony and peace of which he has for so many years contributed in so remarkable a manner. His advanced age, his long absence, his many troubles seem to have had no effect in diminishing the strength of an old attachment. The golden head still loves the head of silver; and, whatever scruples the old man may entertain, the fair lover is ready for a mesalliance. It is a delightful picture of constancy and devotion. The Doctor has recently, as the world is aware, visited the old spot—still green with the memories of early love. Like the charming narrator of Chaucer's sweet story of the 'Floure and the Leafe,' he can sing — I dressed me fortb, and happid mote anon, A right, fair lady, I do you ensure. He has generously told us the whole story ; * how he shone in classic elocution — and Lady Bowen sang in modern Greek. As the old French kings ate in public, and the curious subjects had the inexpressible gratification of watching the tickling of the royal palate by artfully-contrived , delicacies, so our great man permits us to see him at dinner, and to accompany him to the drawing-room. He does not certainly furnish us with a copy of the bill of fare— which is, perhaps, an accidental omission— but he gives us shorthand notes of the con versations, and biographies of his enter teiners. For all the privacy of life at Government-house, Brisbane, his Excellency might just as well have dined upon a public platform, and invited the colony to witness the banquet. This vice regal . . hospitality was, however, only the com mencement of a series of distinctions and rewards heaped upon the Doctor during his short stay in Brisbane, The Prime Minister1 .flatteringly acknowledged his ? sensed the honor of the visit, and tliQ obligations of the colony to the distinguished visitor. But the compliments of statesmen and the ballad poetry of the Grecian archipelago— however neatly the former may be expressed, and sweetly the latter may be gungr-are trifling pleasures compared with those which the power and the munificence of Parliament can bstow. The Legislative Assembly voted the Doctor .£1000 in recognition of his services in the cause of Reparation, Hospitality; offered by power, and' adorned with grace and beauty, is one thing, .but one thousand sovereigns are another. Our own mint is almost next door to our own Parliament. The proceed ings of the Brisbane Assembly possibly sug gest' the constitutional reasons for the neigh bourhood. The patriot has not far to go for his reward. The cheers of his admirers in the House may still be heard-— amidst the Clinking of gold coin showered upon the mint counter as his wages. In this coniparatively : old country we exercise all the caution and care which are the results of larger experience and less faith. We are not disposed to permit our patriotic friends the use of mint latch-keys to let themselves in and out at pleasure. We. have survived, in the person of the Doctor, our first love. The Assembly of Bris bane, however, does not limit its efforts to the mere personal acknowledgment of the Doctor's claims. It has attempted to deal with his old liabilities. It has been con sidering the propriety of going back to engagements of the Doctor's made in the year 1849, and enriching all who were induced by his eloquence to emigrate to Qaeensland. Not only is the Doctor to be handsomely paid for his services, but it has teen proposed that all his followers should be well rewarded. In the Assembly on the 30th, according to the Courier, Mr. Pugh moved — ' (1) That in the opin ion of this House, such of the immigrants who arrived in this colony by the ships Fortitude and Chaaely, in the year 1819, who are possessed of the land orders issued to them by the Rev. Dr Lang, or who can satisfatorily prove that such land orders were granted to them, have an equitable claim upon the consideration of the Government, the said land ordets not being satisfied, although thqse granted to the immigrants per Lima (he third of Dr. Lang's vessels) were honoured by the Government of New South Wales. (2.) That this House is also of opinion, that the Qaeensland Government would only be performing an act of justice in granting to the before. mentioned immigrants, either the amount of land to which they were entitled according 'to the orders given them by Dr. Lang, and on the strength of which they emigrated to this colony, or an equi valent in the shape of land as at present issued by the Government.' The House was doubtless crowded with the fortunate and expectant passengers by the Fortitude and Chasely, who had a lively interest indeed in the issue of the debate. Nothing could have been more gratifying to these gentlemen than the encomiums upon the value of their services, which were unstintingly bestpwed during the discus sion ; except perhaps a majority in favour of the resolutions. This last happiness was denied to them. A majority (a very large one) was unfortunately the other way. Mr. Herbert, the imported statesman, to whose youthful and immature genius the destinies of Queensland are entrusted, opposed the motion with apparently considerable vehe inence. But while his opposition to grant inganything to the immigrants wa3 of so decided a character, he intimated that he would approve of any proposal to enable the Doctor to meet his obligations ; and sug gested that a grant of land to Him might be iesiied, and a portion of such land might then be handed over by the Doctor to such persons as in his opinion had a lonafide claim upon him. This is really handsome. Ane Ministry of Queensland have a reck lessly gentlemanly way in dealing with public questions. It is positively the ? statesmanship of the 'four-in-hand ' club. They refuse to recognise rhe rights of legitimate claimants, but propose to do anything for a gentleman who, in this aatter at all events, has no claim at all, Of course, a proposal like this would be ^complete without a little pleasantry. Mr. Herbert goes on to say:-—' From one of the documents read, he (the Colonial Secre tory) inferred that the grants of land in Borne cases were given upon the Clarence, and not upon tJlQ Brisbane Kiver. The Vineepsland Government would lend their sanction to this land being granted on the Clarence to the immigrants if it were ooemed desirable or effectual.' (Laughter.) a™ doubt. Such generous admirers of f enius aad patriotism would be disposed to t u « r sanction t0 g«nts on the Parra matta , River, or in the Sydney Domain. It ** evident that we must prepare ourselves for one distinguished departure before long. It is impossible that any man can for any lengthened period resist the blandishments which are so temptingly displayed to Dr. 'Lang. Let us fortify ourselves in time iwith such consolations as philosophy may ?offer, for assuredly the day is not far distant when the Doctor will fly to the arms of Mr* Herbert, and commence political house keeping in Queensland. The state of Europe at the present time very muoh resembles that peculiar condi tion of the atmosphere, when an excess of the electric fluid causes a vague presentiment of impending danger, aria the mutterings of thunder are heard afar off, and then the ftiv nnPVhpnt.PirlW ninnrn no run anr\ fVio onn — -— — — — — w «? m+ w w ww ws ? f WAWM^M HlkMAUt M4A\« |IUV M|4U shines out brightly for a time to be succeeded by a deeper gloom, until the long threatened storm, bursts over our heads. A general feeling of insecurity has hung over the whole of Europe for the last four or five years, and when anything approaching to a crisis ap peared, people said no'w the time has arrived when a general war will relieve this state of suspense, almost worse than actual danger, and clear the political atmosphere. It was was one which must inevitably lead to this result, but the clouds have for the present, passed away, though it would be rash to assert by that fact that the affairs of Europe have arrived at anything like a healthy state. The preservation of peace depends on the attitude assumed by the English government, but after the hectoring and bravado of Lord Russell on the Danish question, it was difficult to imagine how the alternative of war could be avoided, without the digestion of a larger quantity of humble pie than even the English Foreign Secretary has been accustomed to indulge in. Lord Russell in the conduct of public affairs, ap pears to have adopted as his model the Whig demi-god William III. in his military operations. That monarch's genius for war according to Whig historians, Macaulay especially, was of the very highest order, and \\\a ?was nrtnafanf.lv aaf nniofoinr* fVio wrnrld anr\ inflicting irreparable loss upon his enemies by the brilliant defeats which he suffered. Lord Russell's diplomatic reputation is built upon reverses no less striking. The dis graceful failure of his mission to Vieuna during the Russian war, was sufficient to cover with shame and confusion any states man whose bump of self esteem was less prominently developed, in fact any but a Russell, but that great man dazzled by his own defeats only floundered about and re velled in greater difficulties; and his last exploit has culminated in dragging the English flag triumphantly through the dirt, after inducing the strongest moral conviction uu me jL/amtju people mat mey wouia be assisted by the whole force of the British empire in resisting the aggression of Austria and Prussia. It is difficult to estimate the exact depth of contempt and degradation to which England has fallen by the foreign policy, extreme both in violence and weak ness, of which Lord Russell has been the inventer and the agent, we only know the fact, we may perhaps discover how far the evil has extended at some very incon venient time. Whatever may be thought of Lord Palmerston's principles certain it is that during the long period that he reigned supreme in the Foreign Office, the English flag was feared and respected all over the world, and now ' none so poor to do it re verence.' It was scarcely to be expected that: Lord Russell's blundering would escape the vigilant eye of so old and practised a politician as Mr. Disraeli, who on the 4th July moved a vote of censure on the government, for lowering the influence of England by means of their foreign policy. The parliamentary battle was waged fiercely on both sides and terminated on the 7th of the month in a majority of eighteen in favour of the government, Mr. Kinglake having moved an amendment expressive of the satisfation of the Houbo that her Majesty had not been induced to declare war. Of course everything consistent with na tional dignity should be done to avert so terrible a calamity, but there are times when it cannot be avoided without ig nominy and disgrace, and this appears to have been one of them. By not going to war the English Government reversing the exclamation of Francis I. have preserved all except national honour, and that has been rudely shaken, and by the man to whom its guardianship was specially confided. After this vote in the Hous3 of Commons and the reverses suffered in the field it was useless for the Panes to continue the struggle any longer, against such overwhelming odds, and accordingly a cessation of hostilities was agreed to by the contending powers, pre liminary to ths drawing up and signing of a treaty of peace, the basis of which is that Denmark will lose Schleswig — Holstein and the group of islands lying on their western coast, — a large third of the entire kingdom ?? — and Germany will gain even more in maritime importance than in extent of terri*. tory.- ,,, What principally concerns these colonies in the news of the month is, that the English Government have yielded to the representations made to them On the impolicy, of raising the rates of postage to Australia, and a return is about to be made to the old charge. It is satisfactory to know that the homegovernment havesosoon been convinced of the necessity of correcting a mistake which would have the effect of fettering the communication between these colonies and Europe. Of course the present rates be tween Australia and Europe will not be re tained. There is nothing more in European affairs that calls for any particular remark, except thatj as the Pope was dying last month it is his turn to be well this, and so we are assured that ' the Pope's health appears to be perfectly restored.' The Pope according to newspaper accounts has such an extraordinary faculty of dying and coming to life again, that we shall have some difficulty in believing that he really is dead when the time arrives for him to be called away irom a worm, wnicn to mm nas been the scene of so many trials, and of so much suffering, The intelligence from America records further disasters suffered by the Federals, but the number of the slain has not equalled the hecatombs of human victims offered up to Moloch in the battles of the Wilderness. The chief theatre of war at the present time, and that where the issue of the contest will be finally decided may be described as a triangle of which Frederick ton is the apex, and a line drawn from Lynchburg to the month of the James river the base. By the accounts we have now received Grant was a little to tne south of this line besieging Peters burg, no doubt with the intention after cap turing that city, of making it his base for operating against Richmond in reverse. The design however has been anticipated by the foresight, and frustrated by the vigilance and skill of the Confederate generals, and now instead of taking Petersburg, and laying siege to Richmond, Grant is himself besieged in an entrenched camp where he has been forced to retreat after some hard fighting, in which he was worsted with heavy loss. But the military operations are of muchlessimpor tance than the political movements by which society in the North is agitated.. After three years of carnage greater than the world ever saw before it is not extraordinary that people in the Federal States should begin to get sick of the smell of blood, and to have a glimmering of the impossibility of ever conquering the South. A party has sprung up who see greater danger in continuing the tvar, than at once conceding the independence of the Confederate States. From the commencement of the war every means have been adopted to crush this feeling, or to conceal it existence ; we know how Yallandigham was treated for touching very mildly upon this, forbidden subject, but the movement has now become too public and too strong to be either con cealed or repressed any longer, and the opinions of those who demand the ac knowledgment of the Southern Confede racy are openly expressed^ throughout the Northern States. It is not without reason that this party see danger in the refusal to acknowledge the independence of the Con federacy, for secession or rebellion like the small pox. is very catching, and a desire is beginning to manifest' itself in the Western states to follow the example of their Southern brethren and set up in business on their, own account. We remember, that shortly after the beginning of this dreadful war, the Venerable Archdeacon MoEncroe delivered a lecture in St. Patrick's Hall on its causes and prob able consequences, among the latter of winch bis intimate Knowledge or America, and his great experience ,and sagacity, enabled him to . foresee that the secession would not be confined, to nthe Southern States, but that the Western would, at some time or other, would follow their example. If any reliance is to be placed on the news just received, that prediction seems now Oa the eve of being fulfilled. No doubt the peace party also anticipate and dread such an eventuality; and would, if possible, prevent jits accomplishment, but we believe that they will not succeed in doing* so. To form aa : opinion from the present state of affairs in ; America it would appear that so far from the Monroa doctrine beiag carried out, wa shall, if not immediately, at least before many years are over our heads, see three se parate independent states in North America instead of the Great Republic, one and indi visible. . ; ' 