lest insinuate lists. B DISCITE JUSTOTAH, MONITI. J Hear and be JUST. _:_ i THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1864. THIS Colony is in the condition of one who, in the extremity of pressing circumstances, has been driven to make a bargain with the Arch Enemy. Compelled by poverty, it applied in a certain quarter for aid, and offered all it had to give-its Future - for the promise of immediate wealth. As usual in such bargains, the word of promise has been honestly kept to the ear, but the benefits received have been of the amount usually obtained under the circumstances. The wealth bestowed has failed to enrich. It vanishes before it can be grasped or enjoyed. We are bound to believe that the stipulated annual sum is deposited in our coffers, because we are told so by the GOVERNOR, but when we come to look for it, we find but few traces of it in the Colony. What becomes of our annual 2698 000, for which we sold our free population, and delivered over the Colony to its tormentors ? A small portion goes in hard bargains to a few of the people, but by far the greater portion is, we suspect, spent out of the Colony. We should be obliged to the Government Organ if it would favour us with an account, shewing the items of expenditure making up the annual ninety-eight thousand pounds. Does any of it go to the hire of convict ships, and the cost of transportation? How much is spent upon the clothing of convicts and their officers, provided in England ? We understood from the Governor at the interview, which has been so often referred to, that the annual Colonial Revenue amounted only to ¿857,000, and that we therefore depend mainly upon the Imperial Revenue as a relief from taxation, but so far as we can see at present, our own burthotíjs are really borne by the Colonial Revenue, and the Imperial grant is employed in carrying out transportation, with the exception of about¿820,000 spent in the Colony. Out of the General Revenue of the Colony for the year 1864, we learn from the Ordinance 27th Victoria, No. 15, that the sum of £870, 140 is applied to defraying the charge of the Colonial Government during the present year ; out of which the Governor receives £2,222 19s. ; the Judicial Establishment and Administration of Justice, £7,983 18s. ; Hospitals and Medical Establishment, £2,000 7s. ; Gaols, £2,300; Police, ¿813,986, &c;, &c;, &c.; Thus it would seem that the extra salary appropriated to the Governor of the Colony in consequence of its being made a penal settlement, the heavy additional cost of administering justice (including of course, the salaries of the ill-paid Resident Magistrates), the heavy items connected with hospitals and gaols for the convict population, and at least a very large share of the cost of an inadequate police-force, fall upon the Colonial Revenue, and are caused by the convict system. People may have fancied that these items were defrayed out of the 1898-99. Nothing of the kind; these heavy charges upon our revenue, although caused by the convict system, are not paid by the Home Government. We are told that the convict labour which we thus obtain is a sufficient recompense for our heavy burdens. This is a matter of opinion. The friends to the original Memorial for a Sanitarium are politely called by the Champions of the Government party (who appear to have but little acquaintance with either the language or the courtesies usually current among gen- tlemen) noodles and fools, given to making " untruthful statements and why, forsooth ? Because it appears palpable to us that by the new regulations, which have put an end to conditional pardons, the Colony, if continued much longer a penal settlement, will be swamped with convicts of the worst description; because free labouring immigrants will not, and indeed cannot remain with us ; because the advantages derived from being a penal settlement on a small scale are imaginary rather than real; because it has become a matter of vital importance to the Future of the Colony to attract free settlers, and to open, if possible, direct and frequent communication with India and because a chance of making a bargain with the Imperial Government unexpectedly presented itself some of the oldest and most experienced Colonists, who look to the Future of the Colony, as well as to its immediate profit, have endeavoured to call the attention of the Settlers generally to their probable condition a few years hence. If they are resigned to being left with only a convict population around them, and that of the worst class, it may turn out eventually that we are not the greatest " fools" in the Colony. We never expected that this Country would be made a Sanitarium upon a simple suggestion to that effect, but being convinced that the vehement and continued opposition of the other Colonies to transportation must eventually prevail, we would make a merit of necessity, arid allow the Home Government an opportunity of getting out of their difficulty by giving us something in the nature of compensation for the loss of the present system. The real compensation would be the establishment of regular communication with India. It might not be equivalent to £20,000 a-year spent in the Colony, but the old system being virtually condemned, and within a very short date of its close any substitute would be better than none at all. People much wiser than ourselves have decided that it is better to stick to the wreck than make a raft and push off for the shore. In all good humour we acknowledge their right to their own convictions, and have no doubt that in a short time those who now differ from us will recover their temper, and admit that people may maintain their own honest opinions without ill-feeling. THE feeling of the English Nation is entirely on the side of Denmark, in her struggle to retain possession of her own territory against the wanton invasion of Austria and Prussia. The Prince of Wales at the dinner recently given to him by the Guards, is said to have proposed a toast expressive of his own feelings of resentment against the German Confe- deracy, feelings warmly responded to by all present. As we have already explained in this journal, the Duchies of Schleswig and Holstein are more attached to Germany and to German institutions than to Denmark and this is somewhat singular as regards Schleswig, the majority of whose inhabitants are of Danish descent. The Duchies have always been fairly, governed, and has nothing to complain of. They have been stirred into animosity against their sovereign by the intrigues of Germans, and it is intolerable that two powerful nations should, on the flimsiest pretences, proceed to dismember an ancient European Power, so peaceable and so much respected as Denmark. It is. not likely, however, as the invasion has already taken place, that the hostile troops will be withdrawn upon the mere remonstrance of England. The difficulty of the position is so great that men await its solution with interest and anxiety. THE Cricket Match between the Married and single Members of the Perth Club was not concluded on Saturday last. . When the stumps were drawn the married side had two wickets to go down in their second innings. The single men had only one innings. The score stands: Married, 115 single 42. The match will be resumed on Saturday afternoon. WE understand that Mr. R. Habgood has bought a splendid clipper barque, the Zephyr, which he intends keeping in the Western Australian trade. She was to sail for this Colony about the end of March, with general cargo; she also will bring machinery for the Geraldine Mine. THE return Cricket Match between Fremantle and Perth is, we understand, fixed to come off at Fremantle on Thursday, the 28th instant. All parties prefer playing on the Fremantle ground, as it is so much superior to that of Perth. The Fremantle Club are said to have been practising hard of late, and hope to retrieve the honours lost on the last occasion. THE prisoner Graham has been brought to Perth, and remanded by the Police Magistrate to York, where the case will be investigated. Since his capture, Graham has feigned insanity. LIST of ships spoken and signalized by the Clara, on her voyage to Swan River : Feb. 6 Ship Earl of Dalhousie, Liverpool to Bombay, 8 days out, lat. 39.25 N., long. 15.09 West. Feb. 21 Barque Hindoo, Cadiz to Monte Video. Feb. 21 Ship Third Pendant, 7534, Bombay to Liverpool. Feb. 26 Signalized, Ship Norfolk, from London. Feb. 28 Barque Feetis, Glasgow to Otago, 54 days out. March Spoke Barque Amber Witch, Liverpool to Madras, lat. 20.44 S., long. 27.09 W. March Spoke American Ship Golconda, from Boston to Calcutta, 45 days out, lat. 33,06 S., long. 24.25 W. ;; 