LATEST FROM EUROPE. It is rumored that the infant Prince will be appropriately called after one of the Danish Sea-Kings who used to ravage the shores of England. , Her Majesty, it is thought, will for the future make Windsor Castle her principal residence, and will reside there for several months in the year. The cultivation of cotton in Peru is being carried on to a great extent. Egyptian ophthalmia has broken out to a serious extent among the Austrians in garri- son. The Queen han forwarded a donation of £100 to the funds of the London Association for the Relief of Destitution. La France gravely assures us that '"M. Stanley, born at Alderley," is the Duke of New castle at the Colonial office. Mad'lle Rosa Bonheur is engaged on a large picture, about ten feet high, intended as a companion to " The Horse Pair." The Singapore Chamber of Commerce have memorialized the home Government for the abolition of the duty on pepper. The next number of The Cornhill Magazine will, it is said, contain a paper by Mr. Charles Dickens, in memory of the late Mr. Thackeray. The Court of Admiralty has decided that the case of the Jane, run down by the Great Eastern, must not be delayed beyond three weeks. The Queen has sent £100 to the Mayor of Yarmouth for distribution among the families of the fishermen who perished in the recent gale. Tenterden Church, Kent, not unknown on account of its legendary connection with the Goodwin Sands, is to be restored by Mr. E. Christian. Miss "Vightingalehas expressed her intention of training, at the expense of her fund, properly recommended persons to serve as nurses at Constantinople. The infant prince, the son of the Prince of Wales, was, it is said, wrapped in wadding until flannel from Windsor Castle, and baby linen from Marlborough- house, could be obtained. The mourning drapery which had been left standing about Her Majesty's seat in Whippingham Church, and the seats of the royal household, during the last two years, has been removed. It is said that Baron Marchetti has received a commission to execute a statue of the Queen in bronze. It will be placed in the Mausoleum at Frogmore, beside the statue of the Prince Consult. The Duke of Cambridge, Commander in Chief, has issued a general order expressive of satisfaction at the result of the final stuff examinations last year, which show a great advance upon former ones. A dispute having arisen over a money trans- action between a second-hand clothes dealer and a customer at Nottingham, the tradesman became so fiercely excited upon the subject that he dropped down dead. For some time back sand has been carted away from the beach at Broughty Ferry, until no other barrier having been provided the sea has stepped in, and claimed the ground thus levelled for it. Orders have been sent already to the shipping ports in the East to ship no produce by either German or Danish vessels, and in the present state of affairs the example, no doubt, will be generally followed. The Committee of the Birmingham Festival is understood to be already assembled in con- clave, with a view to the meeting which will be held there in September next. M. Costa's new oratorio, we believe, will be given there. A one-armed postman was attacked by two dogs between Berwick and Poulden. The terrible brutes got him down, and would have mangled him severely, but help came, and they were driven off. The poor fellow was very much bitten. On Monday six men were descending the shaft of the Bridge End Colliery, near Dudley, when a horse which had broken loose fell down upon them. They wore precipitated a depth of 120 feet and killed, their bodies being frightfully mangled. When M. Rouvier, in the Corps Legislatif declared that the Orleans family was still con- spiring and had not given up its hopes to the throne, M. Thiers exclaimed, "Do not speak ill of those whom you robbed," alluding to the Orleans confiscation decree of 1852. La France adverting to Rocher's speech, in the Corps Legislatif, says its best commentary are a few words penned by the present occupant of the French throne, apropos of public opinion -" FOLLOW it, you are dragged along ; RESIST it, you are overthrown ; GO BEFORE IT, and it will uphold yon." A number of concurrent indications prove only too clearly that the last desperate struggle of the Polish nation is drawing to a conclusion. One by one the insurgent leaders are captured, their hands dispersed, and themselves consigned, after a decent interval of a few days, to the gibbet or to the bullet. Throwing aside all ceremony, the Empress took upon herself last Monday, the office of naming the dances, and, with laughing perseverance each time a waltz was in request called for " Rosita," the waltz she danced with the Emperor at the very first bull where they met, and the very first time they had danced together. On Saturday Sir James Wilde entered his Court on crutches, but looking well. The new divorce list contains 86 causes for trial instead of the 109 which stood on that for Michaelmas term. There are, however, as many as nine to be heard before special and 26 before common juries. Only 28 causes are romancists other words, were set down for trial before the commencement of last term. notorious thief and piiaon-bveaker, named Nugent, recently handed the gaoler at Green law Prison the following stanza, written in blood. which he had obtained by cutting, his fingers with a piece of tin taken from his lantern: " So when my trial is over, , And my sentence it is past ; Farewell to thee, old Scotland, You've cooked my goose at last." A superstitious belief exists at Scone that, in the event of a body of a tailor being allowed to pass through the churchyard gate, the first bride kicked" thereafter will commit suicide within a very short period after her marriage, and that the first child carried to church to be christened will commit suicide before it reaches the age of eight years. The other day a tailor drowned himself in the Tay, and as his body was being conveyed to the grave, a mob of women attempted to prevent its being admitted. Sir Lucius Curtis, Bart., K.C.B., has been gazetted to the rank of Admiral of the Fleet, consequently two rear-admiral to the reserved list have been added to Sir George Graham Otway, Bart., and Sir Andrew Snape Hamond, Bart., and Captain the Hon. James Robert Drummond, CB., has been advanced to the active flag list. Captain Broadhead, in command of the steam reserve at Portsmouth, will, at the ncxtvacanoy, be promoted to flag rank, but unfortunately to the reserved list as he still wants about five months to complete his six years' sea-time as captain. MOBSVP. Clover and Co. launched from their yard, at Woodside, a magnificent iron ship, 27 foot in length, 36 feet beam, and 1,274 tons burthen, for Messrs. Potter Brothers, of this town. She is intended for the India trade. The launch was a great success, the vessel gliding off the ways amidst the cheers of a multitude of spectators. Miss Trench old stoned the vessel The Furness Abbey. After the launch there was a quiet but elegant luncheon, at which the health of "The Owners," responded to by Mr. James Poole. " The Builders," responded to by Mr. Clover, and that of Miss Trench wore toasted. Colonel Carey, of the 18 Royal Barb, has been placed on the New Zealand Staff, as Colonel on the Staff. A rat battle took place in the sewers of Paris a few days ago. All the great sewers were driven in one direction till millions of rats, which fought among themselves like tigers as they were hunted along, were collected in the large drain by the bridge of Asnieres. Forty dogs were then let down into the sewers, and after a fight which lasted 45 hours, and in which four dogs were killed and some blinded, no less than £10,000 rats were dispatched. A submarine vessel, of colossal dimensions, is now being built atüronstadt. French letters from Suez announce the meeting of the waters of the Nile with the Red Sea. The Rev. Dr. Trench was on Friday consecrated Archbishop of Dublin, in Christ Church Cathedral. . A Vienna paper publishes a letter from a Copenhagen correspondent, in which it is asserted that the Queen of Denmark recently wrote to her daughter, the Princess of Wales, appealing through her to the Prince to put an L end to the leaning towards Coburg sympathies in Parliament and elsewhere. Six seamen were recently killed on board H.M.S. Phaeton, on the voyage from Halifax to Bermuda, by the fall of a yard. The Queen of Spain has issued a circular to the Vice. Consuls of Spain in the ports of Morocco, ordering the Jews to be treated in common with the other subjects, i Her Majesty has expressed a strong opinion against any important change being made again in the uniform of the Royal Navy. A line across the Andes has been sanctioned by the Peruvian Government. Mr. Macfarren's new opera, on the subject of " She Stoops to Conquer" is in rehearsal at Convent Garden Theatre. Intelligence from Constantinople announces that Russia had protested against the collections being made for the Circassians in Turkey. Mr. Isaac Ironsides, a somewhat eccentric member of the Sheffield Town Council, told that body, on Thursday last, something new, but we apprehend it was not true. He said it was known all over England that an estrange- ment had taken place between her Majesty and the Prince of Wales, in consequence of his marriage. The statement was met with cries of "No, no," from many of Mr. Ironside's colleagues. The Empress Eugenie has been skating on the lake in the Bois de Boulogne. Her Majesty fell twice, not three times, as has been stated in a morning paper. After her second fall, she said to the lucky individual whose happy fate it was to raise her from the ice, "It fair tout apprended memo a bien tomba' !"-" One should learn everything, even how to fall" How wonderfully prescient would these words have sounded had they issued from the lips of Marie Antoinette A young man named Rubery, of Birmingham, bought a vessel at San Francisco to fit out as a privateer under the Confederate flag. He was caught, convicted, and sentenced to ten years' imprisonment and a fine of £2,000. His brother, a resident in Birmingham, however, applied to Mr. Bright, and on his intercession, the President pardoned Rubery, the Californian Senators, it is alleged, remarking that the people would be quite content with his lenity the moment they knew it would gratify Mr. Bright. In Demerara the cultivation of cotton is on the increase. During 1882-3 1,075 immigrants were imported into Jamaica. Garibaldi has resigned his post of deputy in the Italian Parliament. The revenue of Jamaica is in excess of the expenditure by about £2,000. The Greek Government intends to reduce its army, now 10,000 strong, to 5,000 men. Mr. Famuli's "tables show a large increase in the number of distressed in the cotton districts. Commodore Hugh Dunlop, C.B. has taken up his appointment as senior officer at Woolwich. Several more fast Clyde steamers have been purchased for the Nassau trade, including the Iona. The Marquis of Hartington, Under-Secretary of State for War, is said to have attended the great prize-fight. A man, named Cameron, is said to have obtained £30,000 worth of gold dust at the British Columbia mines. The Marseilles and Algiers steamer Atlas has not yet been heard of, and it is supposed she must have been lost. General Barrios, who was pursued by Carreras forces, was received on board H.M.S. Sutlej, and taken to Panama. On the 2nd of this month 130,719 persons were receiving parochial relief in the unions included in Mr. Farnell's weekly report. As compared with the previous week, this shows an increase of 2,830 ; but when compared with the corresponding week of last year, we find that a decrease of 117,381 has taken place in the twelve months. The Danish army in the field now numbers 40,500 men. Some extensive failures have occurred at Macclesfield, in the silk trade. _ ' Sir James P. Kay Shuttleworth will, it is supposed, be made High-Sheriff of Lancaster. The Confederate States Armory has been removed from Richmond to Columbia, South Carolina. Five persons have been killed and a number injured by a collision on the Northern Railway of France. The police now guard the British Museum and National Gallery, the Guards having been relieved of that duty. On Wednesday a farmer-, named Maher, was struck with a stone, near Roscrea, by a man named Dolan, and died next day. A wolf recently made a raid through three villages in Galicia, and before the animal was killed it had wounded a number of persons. A French physician is said to have removed a cancerous tongue from a mainland substituted one made of gutta percha, which enables him to talk. The farmers of the Words of the East Riding of Yorkshire appear to be leading a very anxious life just now. Since the incendiary fires stopped, burglaries have begun. A controversy is going on in the columns of The Times on the arbitrary powers exercised by railway companies in the construction of new lines, over the owners of houses and land. William Thomas Johnson, traveller in the employ of Messrs. Brewster and Burrows, ' drapers, Preston, has been committed for trial on charges of embezzling money to the amount of £200. There were discovered a few days since, on the banks of the Rhone, near Lyons, forty-five Gallo-Roman tombs, the skeletons in which were complete, the face turned towards the east, and the head supported by a small earthen uni. A prospectus has been issued of the International Racecourse Society, with a capital of £50,000, in shares of £10, for the purpose of buying or renting lands upon the Continent, or in England, suitable for race and steeplechase courses. _ _ , A wreath is exhibited at a fair in Gloucester, this Christmas week, that is composed of the hair of one hundred different residents of that town, none of whom is under seventy years of age, while ten of them are over ninety, and one is a centenarian. The lady who made it is fifty-nine, and has been four years about it. In the workroom of a joiner, who shot himself dead at Birmingham, a few days ago, was found a coffin lined with flannel, which he had prepared for himself. Upon the coffin was pinned a sheet of paper, upon which was written :-" Toll hour worthy Coroner that I Died by a gunshot wound inflicted by my own hand to get out of my Misery and the Extor- tionate Good for Nothing Douktors." "Commodore" Vanderbilt and his lady recently celebrated their golden wedding at New York, and received presents from their twelve children. The Commodore presented Mrs. Vanderbilt with a miniature propeller of pure gold, twenty inches long and five wide, with oxqniflilively wrought revolving towers, which filled the room with fairy music whenever the delicate machinery was set in motion. There is reason to believe that, in addition to agents who, paid or not directly by the Federal Government, are at all events working for them in this country, some quasi-l<Jnglishinen are going about in both Great Britain and France as spies, collecting information, and ascertaining whatever can be known respecting the naval and military establishments and forces of the European States. At Bradford, on Friday night, Mr. Forster, M.P., referred to the Schleswig- Holstein question. He thought it was impossible that war could start up in Europe which was of less national interest to us, and he strongly condemned the threatened intervention of the Government. On the land subject, as started by Mr. Cobden, his opinion now that it was a [ matter of trade, and land should therefore be treated as were all other articles of commerce. The inquiry at Greenwich into the stranding ' of thoAuglui.in Galway Bay, has resulted in the restoration of Captain Prouao's certificate, with very slight censure. Captain Harris added the absurd suggestion that .' there was an Admiralty agent on board, and his advice was that this person should be consulted under such circumstances, and if he testified that what was being done was correct, as entered in the log, all responsibility and blame would be taken from the company." Four boys were skating at Kirk Loch, when one of them, named leave, broke through the ice. His companions formed a link, and extended a stick to him, which he seized. Their combined weight, however, proved too much for the frail support they had, and just as they were about to draw their drowning companion on to the ice it gave way, and they were all immersed. Imrie, who was exhausted by his previous struggles, at once sank. The other boys were rescued. A person who recently waited upon President Lincoln, on the subject of wages, says : "It is almost impossible to keep a straight face in his company, he being so brimful of jokes. Whilst we were talking to Lincoln, a boy came running into the room just such a boy as you would feel inclined to give a penny to for letting your goals. His clothes had seen much wear ; his billycock had worn itself into a sugar-loaf shape; and his strong shoes made no little noise. He appeared about ten years old. I fully expected to have seen him have his ears cuffed out of the room. This was one of Lincoln's sons. In Part IV. of the Pentateuch and Book of Joshua Critically Examined, Dr. Colenso con- fined himself to a critical examination of the historical matter in the first eleven chapters of Genesis. The part forms an independent work, which may be read by any one who now wishes to know for himself what is the head and front of the Bishop of Natnl's offending. The churchwarden of a church in the mineral district of Derbyshire was standing in the churchyard, waiting the arrival of his brother warden to assist in the distribution of a dole of bread to the poor of the village, when the incumbent came up, and an angry discussion took place. From words the disputants came to blows, the clergyman attacking his churchwarden in " scientific" style. It was said of our Prince of Wales, before his marriage, that he was in a sorry plight for having only a choice in matrimony between seven royal ladies ; but the heir-apparent of Italy is worse off. by having his power of selection limited to three princesses, all of them German. It is taken for granted, of course, that Prince Humbert will not be permitted to marry either a Protestant or a princess of the house of Austria. Her Majesty's new steam-tender Alberta, built to supersede the Fairy, has turned out a most lamentable failure in speed and sea-going qualities. A gentleman and lady recently attempted to cross a Boston (U.S.) railway in advance of a train, but, " cutting it too fine," were run over and killed. A new Danish loan of £1,200,000, in five percent stock, at 93, has been brought forward. The new French loan of £12,000,000 has been introduced in the Bourse, The new Tattersall's at Knightsbridge will cover two acres of ground. The subscription room will be 60 feet long by 30 feet wide. There will be an area of 70 feet by 40 feet for open air betting. The public yard will be 108 feet long by 60 feet wide. The telegraphic station at Irkutsk, on the route to China, was opened on the 2d December, the distance from St. Petersburg being 5,700 worst. It is believed that messages which formerly took twenty-three days by post will now reach that point in eight hours. A correspondent of The New York Herald, writing from Havana, states that the French minister, Vicomte de Marigny, became desperately enamoured of lady, named Donna Dolores, at Mexico, and so neglected his duties that his recall was sent out. The Minister demurred, and it was not until he was threatened, in a letter from the Emperor, with forcible removal that he submitted to return. Mr. Grant Duff, the member for the Eglin boroughs, has written an interesting letter to The Times, describing the Russian prisons in Wilma and Warsaw in a manner very favorable to the humanity of the Russians, and expressing his profound conviction, founded on what he heard in Warsaw from the leading Poles themselves, that the insurrection is now thoroughly hopeless, and that the proper course for all friends of Poland is to advise a speedy and complete submission. My. Fechter intends to produce " Hamlet," as his next great enterprise, at the Lyceum Theatre. The play is to be put on the stage in a magnificent style, and Mr. Feohter has very courteously offered the first night to the Shakspere Committee. A man deserted from the Federal army and married a woman in Canada. The wife having occasion to go to Detroit on business, requested her husband to come and meet her. When the man reached there, his wife denounced him as a deserter, and received a reward of thirty dollars. In January, 1803,280,000 men, and more than 6,000 officers, were absent from their colors in the Federal army. The French Government has decided that general officers, however employed, must quit the service at the age of seventy. 2Yrs New York Herald mentions the arrest of " Lieutenant Rooke, of the British army," as he was about to sail to Bermuda. The lieutenant had' in his possession " a large number of un- stamped letters and several inflammatory pieces of poetry." The electric telegraph now extends, by way of Russia, to within 200 miles of Kiatchka, a frontier emporium close to the Chinese empire, between which and Pekin, about 1,000 miles distant, there is a regular post established, so that now it would be quite possible to communicate with Pekin from London in week. A rival! to Niagara is said to have been discovered in the valley of the Snake, or Lewis Fork, of the Columbia. On Monday last Mr. John Platt, of the Halt ford Ironworks, Oldham, Zietz 8,000 persons, in honor of his son's attaining his majority. A characteristic little anecdote, showing the views on this subject entertained by modern princess, is told of the present Emperor of Austria. Soon after his _ marriage Francis Joseph was pressed by his consort to allow himself to be solemnly proclaimed King of Lombardy, by placing the iron crown of Charlemagne on his friend. Whereupon the young Kaiser replied, smiling, " Iron crowns are no good now-a-days; none but golden crowns will do, my dear." It is rumored that, to prevent any possible disappointments, Napoleon III. is already con- templating the possibility of an alliance for his only son, not yet eight year sold A semi official Austrian paper, Europe, of Frankfort reported some months ago that serious negotiations to this effect had been entered into' between the Court of the Tuileries and a sovereign family in the , south of Germany, designated as nearly allied to the house of Hapsburg. , 1 It appears that the late Lord Elgin had fatty degeneration of the heart and advanced disease of the kidneys. - ' A man entered a bank in an American town, and, after shooting the cashier dead, got off with 5000. The Liffey has been frozen over in several places. Ahouso has been blown into the air in West-, street, Perth; a large stock of petroleum was ignited therein, and a late account says that fifteen dead bodies had been picked up amongst the ruins. The Queen is about to erect a ledge on the side of the Lochnagar, for her accommodation when going to the top of that mountain. It is to contain a parlor, kitchen, gillies' room and stabling for ponies. The famous Black Bess, of Aatloy'sthat rode to York with Dick Turpin on its back, night after night, for many a year, has come to an untimely end, being drowned in the Irwell. The Star informs the public that a rumor was current in London, on Thursday, that there was a difference of opinion, in Ministerial parlance, " a split in the Cabinet on the Danish question." , Commander Gough, on the Hastings and St. LooDard'sdistrict.haB been this year selected by the Comptroller-General of the Coastguard us the officer entitled to the captain's commission annually granted to the Coastguard Service. A highly connected dean of a cathedral city is said to have married a divorcee. The lady, it is said, has obtained some literary reputation, and her house has been the frequent resort of the literati. Her first husband is still living, and pensioned by her. The reigning family of Russia can boast at this moment of being more intimately and more widely connected by blood alliances with other dynasties than all the rest of the royal houses in Europe, except one. This one exception is | in the case of the royal family of Great Britain. At the Dorsetshire sessions, Sir John Leth- bridge rose from the bench and denounced the system of taking oaths, which, he maintained, was contrary to Scripture. He said he was now debarred from taking his seat for the county of Somerset because he conscientiously objected to take the oath. Lieutenant-Colonel the Hon. R. Monck, Coldstream Guards, has been appointed Military Secretary to Lord Monck, Governor General of Canada, in succession to Captain Retallack, 63rd Regiment. The second aunt of the Princess of Wales is widow of the semi lunatic Duke of Anhalt Bernburg; while the third, whose history is said to be spiced with romance, has become abbess of the monastery of Itzehoe. One of the keepers at Batty's menagerie, at Berlin, notwithstanding previous warnings, approached too near the lions' cage, when one of those animals thrust out his paw through the bars and seized the man by the arm. - In a moment the other lions sprung forward and attempted also to obtain a hold of the man. Fortunately the proprietor of the menagerie was present, and, rushing into the cage with a whip, he struck the animal still holding the keeper, and forced it to let go. The Government of Peru has voted S2,000 900 for the execution of public works, such as opening of new roads, establishment of schools and colleges, and repairs of works formerly carried out. The construction of the wharf at Callao has been ordered to go forward; the estimated cost to be 5994 482, to construct Bile h e mole that large vessels may discharge alongside. . ... of my Admiral Wilkes has written a severe letter to the Federal Secretary of the Navy, denying the charge that he had allowed the Alabama to escape capture by the Vanderbilt. Mr. Muro, M.P., made a speech at Rothesay, a few days ago, in which he strongly advocated the claims of the South, and maintained that their Government ought to be recognised. Admiral Ayrscough, recently deceased, was born on board a ship commanded by his father, whilst the vessel was in action. The report that Lord Cardigan had subscribed to the Crawley Fund is denied. President Jefferson Davis and the Pope have been changing complimentary letters. Advices from St. Domingo to the 5th ult., report that the Spaniards had made no progress of late. The English consul has been authorized by the Pontifical Government to sign passports and Italian papers. An engineer of a train upon the Racine and Mississippi Railroad, while attempting to force his train through a large snow bank, was thrown from the cab of the engine into the bank, and buried in the snow some seven or eight feet. When his disappearance was discovered search was made and his body recovered, but life was extinct. He died from suffocation. The La Plata brings news of a sanguinary battle fought in Ecuador, between General Mosquera and General Flores, resulting in the defeat of the latter, who retreated to Ibarra Mosquera lost 500 in killed and wounded, and Flores 1,500 killed and wounded and 2,000 prisoners. The latest accounts state that Mosqueiahad crossed the China, and defeated the Ecuadorian forces stationed there. Mr. F. Goodall, the recently-elected Royal Academician, has delivered his diploma picture to the body of which he is now a full member. The subject of this work is an old Nubian singing at the corner of a street in Cairo, and accompanying himself upon the native harp or lute. He is surrounded by a motley group of listeners, representing all the elements of an Oriental street crowd. In the Rotunda, at Dublin, is to be seen an exhibition of "drawing, engineering, cabinet and carpenter's work, embroidery, and various other products, the work of the men of the 12th Regiment. At the suggestion of Colonel Ponsonby, they have devoted their leisure hours to producing specimens of the skill and industry instead of wasting money and time in idleness and dissipation. The exhibition was opened by the Lord-Lieutenant in person. The Channel Fleet has made a most satisfactory trip to Madeira, the iron-clads having rolled very little more than the wooden ones. Probably they had fine weather, otherwise they would have rolled-as they have always done heavily. There has been found, in the Public Record office, a very curious photograph on paper of the period, which is probably unique, and which contains a song or melody by the celebrated Doctor John Bull, the reputed composer of the National Anthem. A notification is already given that Lord Henry Lennox will bring before Parliament the question of the royal prerogative of money, with reference to the late exercise of it. In order to secure a successful accouchement, the Queen of Spain has ordered the right arm of St. John to be transferred to her private chapel. Hadn't she better take a little exercise on the ice The Cardinal Vicar at Rome has definitely refused to authorize the British Consul to have Protestant worship at his residence for the convenience of the now overflowing British congregation. Mr. Bright has been seized with a sudden and severe bronchial attack, in consequence of which it has been deemed advisable to postpone the meeting and soiree intended to have been held in Birmingham. A French family were sitting at dinner, when suddenly a stag, pursued by Prince Napoleon's hounds, jumped through the window just as Paterfamilias was helping the soup. The, mistress called out, "The devil! the devil 1" and, gathered her children to harnesses. The master, sim t the deerhound closed the door.' Whenonoof the liuutsmonarrrivedho found forty hungry hounds outside the door;-, the weary hunted animal in a back parlour, the man of the house in a fury, the children in a panic, and the lady in a fit. The denouement is not stated, The St. Paul (Minnesota) Pioneer states that the mail is carried from that place, " a distance of three hundred and fifty miles, by dog trains, and if one set of dogs get foot-sore when their turn comes the mail has to lay over. I saw the first dog mail train leave here on last mail day. It consisted of three middling sized dogs They looked more like wolves thandogs.Thoy had vogue. larharness.voryfancitnllyornamouted.andbuok skin saddles, gorgeously worked with beads. The dogs are driven in tandem style. They go from forty to fifty miles per day, the half breed driver trotting behind! most of the way." A case for international litigation is just now slowly emerging from the Mediterranean, between Malta and Sicily, in the shape of a volcanic island, which over twenty years ago made a first appearance above high water, but almost immediately subsided several fathoms. The local surveyor from Valletta, Captain Graves, lost not a moment in hoisting thereon at that period the Union Jack, and there was no delay in a counter claim from the crown of the Two Sicilies. But the bone of contention was in the interim re-swallowed by old ocean. This Isola Ferdinando is now announced as leaving upwards Niewand only a few footsore it at low water. A contract for the construction of a tunnel, extending some two miles under Lake Michigan, at Chicago, for tho purpose of supplying the city with pure water, has been awarded; the lowest bid for completing the same being 535 130. The contract is for a tunnel of five feet internal diameter, lined with brick. The tunnel is to be excavated thirty-five feet below the bed of the lake, and to have four feet of dip landward. Strainers will be fixed over the outlet to keep out the fish. The total area of the tunnel will be nearly twenty square foot, an area amply large enough to furnish water continuously to a city five or six times the size of Chicago in the present day. We read the following advertisement in The Polities Affiches :-" A young lady, aged twenty five years, with a very strong beard, which will attract the curious. wishes to become demoiselle in a cafe. Address, No." It is said that Lord Cowley and M. Drouyn do Lhuys are not on good terms. The answer the latter gave to the proposal for a Congress about Denmark was the short, simple, and cool one, " France will see about it." The Ordnance Select Committee have recommended that the grip at the muzzle of the Armstrong breach-loading guusBhall he ground out, as the recent action at Kagosima" Has confirmed the experience gained by the Sperry mounts at Newhaven, of this being the principal cause of the frequent explosion of the Armstrong shells at the muzzles of the 12-pounders. , 