SUMMA[R]Y FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The general election will not be over for another fortnight. So far it has ex- cited but little interest. Indeed, ten out of twenty-six districts have been uncontested. Whether this fact be attributable to the change in the modo of conducting elections-to the abolition of the old-fashioned system of hustings nominations, or to the requiring of a deposit from each candidate-or whether the cause be the non-existence of any great political issue, it is difficult to say. Of one thing we may bo sure, that no stranger would imagine that so grave a trust as the constitution of a new Par- liament is at present vested in the people. The elections for the urban constituencies, which find seats for most of our leading statesmen, may, perhaps, evoke more enthusiasm. The number of members necessary to form a Legislative Assembly is seventy- eight, and the number elected up to the present time is forty-one. Of these, no more than twenty-three had seats in the last Parliament ; and there is no reason to believe that a greater proportion of old faces will be returned hy the districts whose elections have to come. There will thus be a considerable infusion of new blood into the legisla- tive body. Whether this will be an unmixed advantage, is problematical. The elections .already terminated have been attended by the rejection of two ex-Minißters-Dr. Evans and Cap- tain M'Mabon. Another public man .-Mr. Charles Gavan Duffy-has tem ' porarily retired from Parliamentary life. He is succeeded in the representation of Villiers and Heytesbury by Mr. John Moffatt, a gentleman who was provoked into becoming a candidate through the denunciations levelled against him by Mr, Duffy only a few weeks ago. As to the influence which the present elections may have upon the state of political parties, it is almost impossible at present to make any calculations. Judging by published addresses, the ma- jority of tho members already returned are favourable to the present Govern- ment j but, until the meeting of Parlia- ment, it will be difficult to say how the benches to* the right of the Speaker's chair will be filled. There has been such a unity of sentiment on the chief questions of the day that it is a difficult matter to distinguish opposition men from Ministerialists. Almost every candidate .who presents himself for Parliamentary honours advocates some revision of the tariff, and declares himself favourable to the passing of a liberal land law, the abolition of transportation, and a reform of the Upper House. At the same time, it is not to be supposed that the absence of great political differences will at all interfere with the playing of the in- evitable game of " Ins" and " Outs" at the first convenient opportunity. Since the departure of the last mail, three more elections for the Upper House have taken place. The Western Pro- vince has again returned Mr. Henry Miller, but the Southern Province has rejected Mr. Power for Mr. W. H. Pet tett, the mayor of Hawthorn ; and the South-western Province has preferred a fresh wooer in the person of Mr. John Lowe to its old love Dr. Hope. It is generally admitted that the two pro- vinces have not gained by the change, but the proceeding must bo taken as in- dicative of the sense of the constituen- cies with regard to the obstructive atti- tude assumed of late years by the Legis- lative Council. The formidable oppo- sition to the re-election of Mr. Eobett son for the North-Western Province, and Mr. Pinnock for the Eastern Pro- vince, is traceable to the same cause. The Ministerial policy has been un- folded by instalments." Last month tho country was illuminated with the views of the Government on the land ques- tion. Since then the Minister of Cus- toms (Mr. Francis) has announced the intentions of the Cabinet with regard to the tariff. In an address to the electors of Richmond, a fortnight ago, he de- clared that the Government contem- plated reducing the Customs duties on tea, sugar, and kindred commodities, and making up the deficiency so created (estimated to amount to about £100,000) by duties on im- ported articles which can be produced in the colony. This was generally re- garded as " a sop" to the Protectionists, who, however, considered that if the tariff were to be revised at all, the revision might as well be for £300,000 as for £100,000. The "Australasian Ee form League"-a body representing the Protectionist interest - suggested this course to the Prime Minister, but Mr. M'Culloch declined to give any pledge. Mr. Francis, he said, had spoken only " in a general way," and the Government had not finally made up their minds on the subject. The dispute between Victoria and New South Wales on the question of border customs is as far from adjust- ment as ever. True, New South Wales has receded from her position of seizing dutiable goods found in Victorian vessels on the Murray, but customs-houses and officers still guard her side of the river. Strange to say, our Government have been forced by the smuggling which is carried on via South Australia into a course which bears the aspect of reprisal, and now, at some half-dozen stations south of the Murray, we have our " coast waiters" and other officials to prevent the entry of dutiable goods from the sister colony. The anti-transportation movement is progressing. During tho past month, meetings have been held in various parts of the colony to protest against the con tinuance of transportation to Australia, and in each case a petition to the Queon on the subject has been unanimously adopted. Even the people of Albany, Western Australia, have taken this stop, and thus shown a desire to co-operate with the Eastern colonies in the matter. The P. and 0. Company's steamer Madras, with the August maila from England, arrived at Melbourne on tho 13th inst. Attention ha3 been prominently callod, within tholast few weeks, to thedistressexisting in Melbourneand other parts of the colony, and a public meeting to consider the subject was held on the afternoon of the 15th inst,, at the Mechanics' Institute. The Mayor of Melbourne, who had convened the meet- ing, occupied the chair ; and the speakers included Mr. E. P. S. Sturt, police magis- trate, tho Bev. M. H. Becher, the Bev. II. H. P. Handfield. Mr. H. Beauchamp, Mr. Thoa. Dickson, and othors. Three resolutions were adopted unanimously. The firat affirmed that " there appear* to b3 a lamentable amount of destitution in and aronni Mel- bourne and other contres of population within the colony, chiefly arising among families who, through distrae?, death, or de" sertioD, have been deptived of their natural rrotectore, and that tho means at the com- mand of existing charitable institutions aro insufficient to meet the immediate call for aid." Tho second resolution appealed to the public to increase the funds of those institu- tions and enable them to afford the relief required ; and the third adopted a memorial to tho Governor in Council, praying for the appointment of a commission to inquire into the causes of the destitution which exist In the colony. A subscription has nineo been opened for the purpose of relieving such cases of distress as cannot badealtwith by existing instrumentallticp, and names' are haing added to it daily. The Bight Reverend Dr, Perry, the Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, has returned to his diocese after an absence in England extend in g over more than a year anda half. His lordship arrived hy the Dover Castle, on the ? 30th ultimo, and was met In Ebbson's Biy by Dean Macartney, Archdeacau Cranford, Sir W. F. Stawell, Mr. Justice Molesworth, and other influential membars of the Charca of England, who presented an address from the clergy and laity of the diocsse. Oa tho right rev, prelate landing, a thanksgiving Bervica WOB performed at St. Paul's Church, Swanstsa street. On the 8th inst., the bishop was en- tertained nt a public dtj'e&ner; !at Hockin's Aesembly Boome. Upwards of 150 ladies and gentlemen were presont on the occisión¡ and Sir James Palmer, president of tho Legis- lative Council, presided. The bishop de- livered a lengthy and elaborate address, descriptive of his own dolngá in England and of the present condition of the Church there. Dr. Perry has since visited Goalong, where he was presented with an addreis from members of the Church of England ia that district. He is now about to hold a eeriea of confirmations. The wedding present from the people of Victoria to the Princ as of Wales, the result of a shilling &ub;:criptiou, goes home by the Blackwall clipper Monarch, which eailed on the 22nd inst. The present consists of a flower-vaBO of charming design, and of mr tenais the choicest in Victoria. From a fit and composed of polished blackwood from Mount Macedon, rises a rockwork of quartz specimenB streaked with gold obtained from Wood's Point, Castlemaine, and Tarnagulla ; and bright black nubbly antimony, from Costerfield. Supported by this ia a biss of St. Arnaud silver, exhibiting specimens of Australian fauna and flora. From the centre of the group spring two golden stems of the oak, which symbolize England and Denmark, and the treo fern, which represents Victoria. The whole is surmounted by a fluted silver bowl for flowers, round tho border of which are grapeB and frosted vine-leaves. The cost of the whole is 300 guineas. Mr. George Wragge ha) been elected mayor of Melbourne for tho ensuing year without opposition. Her Majesty's ship Esk, twenty-one gun's, 260 horse power, commanded by Captain J. P. Luce, is now in Hobson'a Bay, where she arrived ou the 10th inst.' The railway between Sandhurst and Echuca was opened for passenger traffic on the 10th inst. Mr. Edward A'Beckett, a BOU of tho former chief justice of tho colony, has been appointed registrar to the University of Melbourne, in the room of Mr. Jame?, deceased. A signal gun now announces the timo to the citizens of Melbourne. Two thirty- two pounders have been mounted at the Mel- bourne University, and at one o'clock p.m. each day one of the pieces is discharged. At present the discharge of the piece ia timed by a chronometer, but as soon as a wire can be laid down it will be fired from the observa- tory by electricity. A fish market-an institution much needed in Melbourne-ia about to bo provided. The City Council have already chosen the designs, the carrying out of which will ba attended by an expenditure of £6,000. Under the Dog Act which was pissed on the 2nd Juno last, about 12,000 dogs in Mel- bourne and the suburbs have been registered. The registration-fee (6s. per hoad per annum) will be a soorce of considerable revenue to the municipal bodies. A masonic ball took place, on the 28th ult., at tho Exhibition-building, and proved one of the gayest entertainment« *oS> the sea- son. The Governor end lady Darling were present. The erection of a'masonic ball in Melbourne is contemplated. A meeting of the brethren of "the mystic tie" was held on the 19th inst., when it was resolved to form a company, under the Limited Liability Act, to be called the Masonic-hall Company, for the purposo of erecting a hall and offices for mosonic and other purpose", with a capital of 10,000 shares of £1 each. ; Contracts for two important Governmont works havo just been accepted. The oni is the construction of a graving dock at Wil- liamstown, the other is the erection of a nsw lunatic asylum at Kew. A literary association for Weat Melbaurno has been created. A alto for the institution Bt the junction of William-street and Little Lorn dale-street-has been granted by the Government. The cricke-tlng season opened on tho 22nd inat. A Bociety has bpen formed under the title of the Victorian Cricketers' Association, having for its objects tho resumpt'on of the annual cricket matches between New South Wales and Victoria on a batter orijanizsd system than baa hitherto been adopted, and the appointment of a committee which shall have the entire control and management of all future intercolonial and international matches in which this colony taken a pirt. The Supreme Court has given judgement on the motidn to disbar Mr. Howard Spsns ley. The grounds on which the motion was made were, that Mr. Spsnsley had been en gaged in trade or business during the three years preceding his application to be ad- mitted to the bar, contrary to the rules of the Court for the admission of barristers, and that he had wilfully concealed the fact in his affidavit on applying for admission. The Court acquitted bim on the graver charge, hut considered that the rules bad been violated, inasmuch as Mr. Spensley was fho proprietor of a newspaper at Prahran up to October, 1862. As threo years from that date would not expiro until October, 18G6, the Court suspended him from practice for twelve months. The board appointed to advise the Govern- ment as to the best moana of preventing the flooding and improving the navigation of the Btver Yarra, have submitted their re port. They recommend-1. The cutting of a channel, 800ft. wide, from the south bank of the Yarra, about opposite the gasworks, to a point opposite the stone quarries between Stony Creek and the river's mouth ; the lower end of the channel to bo left open, and the upper end closed by a long oblique weir, which should be carried to the level of high water spring tides, and only come into action for the discharge of water in time of floods. 2. The formation of embankments along the r.orth and south sides of the channel, and extended to an oblique weir, to bn built at Jolimont, la substitution for the Fall?, and other embankments higher up the river on the north Eide of the Yarra, from the Ohapel sireet bridge to the high ground opposite the Botanic- gardens. 3. The continuation of tbo works now in progress in forming tho em- bankment on the north bank of the river from the gaswoiks to the Saltwater jonction, and thence along the cast bank of the Saltwater Uiver. 4. The draining of the lagoon to the eastward, and making the land which it occupies available. 6. The deepening and widening of the water- way of the liver, from the weir at Jolimont to about the gasworks, to a sufficient extent to allow, at least, three times tbo quantity of water to paBS in a given time that id possible at present. 6. The substitution for the pre- sent Purice's-bridge of a structure of increased width, carried across the river in the liao of Swanston-street, and approached on the south side by arches and an embankment. 7. The construction of new bridges, in place of the present Hobson's Bay Railway bridge, and that over tho Falls, and the removal of all the obstruction«, natural and artificial, that esiet at present between Prince "a-bridge and tbo basin. The board estimate the cost of the works which they recommend at £675,0X0. Louis Pischel, the manager of a pawnbrok ing establishment in Elizibith- street, known as the " Mont de Piétó," was missing imme- diately after the departure of the Northam with the Septem' er mails for England. It was then ascertained that he had sailed by the Northam, under an assumed nan», with a quantity of valuable pioperly belonging to the institution in his possession. The police here then telegraphed to Adelaido, requesting the authorities there to despatch a detective by the Rangatira to King George's Sound, to meet the mail steamer, and to arrest tho defaulter, if on board. This was done, and tho first thin^ Fischet waB awaro of, on his arrival at King George's Sound, was, that he waa under the survolllauce of a detective. Ho was brought back to Melbourne, and, last week, was examined at the City Court. Several charges were entered against him, bat the prosecution elected to proceed on the single charge of larceny as a Eervant. The evi lence adduced proved that certain property which was in tho Mont de Pi6té on the 8th or 0th ult., was missed on tho 26th tilt, and that tho . prisoner at tho same time disappeared ; that he was brought back from King George's Sound, and when received in the care of tho detective officer at Adelaide, the missing pro petty, consiatiog of jewellery and watches, was found in his possession. The identifica- tion of many of the articles wa3 quite posi- tivo. A jeweller was called to testify to the valuo of the articles found in prisoner's pos- session, and ho estimated thom ut £710, and it seems that there is somo missing pluto not ytt recovered. Bail waB accepted ; two ap- proved sureties of £500 each. At tho Supreme Court Criminal Sitting!, on the 18th inst., one Charles Robinson Ridg- way was found ' Guilty" of wilful aud corrupt pcijuty. The prosecution arose outof achirge madeby the prisoner against three men named Sroeiidon, Brusber, and Smith, of having on the 5th of July assaulted and robbed bim of the sum of £1 6s. 6d. in Stephen-dtreet. The men were tried and convicted ; but sub- sequent to tho trial, circumstances cime to light which Bhowed that the prisoner hid, for Eurposes of his own, made a false ciarge ; that e waa not assaulted as he stated*; and that on the occasion referred to, he had no money to lose. He was senteuced to seven years' im- prisonment, the first three iu irons. Two, fa tul accidents occurred on the 10th inst., the polling day for the Evelyn election. In the one case, a trooper of the mounted police, named John M'Alvean, and another mnn named Alfred Hooper, were drowned in a flooded gnlly, while conveying voting papers from some polling-places! to Eltham. In tho other, a farmer named John Webb, who left home to vote, waa drowned in Ander- son's Creek. The Theatro Royal, Ballarat, Is about tobe converted into a Temperance-hall. A serious boiler explosion occurred on the 1st inst. at the works of the Durham Gold- mining Company, Lake Wendouree, Ballarat. The boiler, which measured thirty feet in length by six feet in diameter, and weighed nearly ten tons, was blown forth to a distance of 240ft. from its bed through the engine house and two wooden cottages, both of which it completely demolished in its pas- sage. In the first cottage was a woman— Mary Peart by name—who was killed on the spot. The amount of the damage done was about £700. Joseph Lewis was tried at the Castlemaine Circuit Court on the 12th inst., for embezzle- ment w$ile filling the office of clerk of Petty Sessions' at Fryerstown and Vaughan. He was found " Guilty," and sentenced to one year's imprisonment. A fearful gale raged on the east coast early this month, destroying a great quantity of shipping, and causing tho loss of Beveral live?. Reports from North Australia show that Mr. Pinnip, the leader of the expedition flttsd out in Smith Australia for the Adelaide River, has been much harassed by insubor- dination in his party and hostility on the part of the natives. The country in the neighbourhood of the settlement he declares to be eminently satisfactory. Tho South Australian Government intend to charter a stecmer for the conveyance of reinforcements and stores to North Australia. THE TEANSPORTATION QUESTION. The people of this and the neighbouring colonies bave learned with satisfaction that an influential portion of the English press, including the leading journal, has at last begun to appreciate the motives which actu- ate them in their opposition to the continu- ance of transportation to Western Australia. It now seems to be generally admitted in England that the fears of the southern and enBt«m colonies are not chimerical, nor are the evils which thoy wish to protect thom Eelves against In the least exaggerated. The fact that tho justice of their grievances is be- ginning to be admitted is a promising algn, and there is some 'hope felt that the great object for which thoy have been agi- tating so long will be attained without much furtherdifficulty. In the meanwhile, no efforts are being relaxed to strenjthen the convic- tion which seemB to have dawned upou the English mind that the colonists are thoroughly unanimous and ia earnest upon the subject, and to show tint they reg tra it na a sacred duty to themselves and thoir pos- terity to prevent the continuance) of trans- portation to Australian Bhorea in nny form. The Victorian Anti-Transportation Lwgue have matlo arrangements for another publto meeting to be held in Melbourne ia the course of a few dayp, for tho purpose of ogiln adopting petitions against transportation. Petitions aro to be forwarded to Her Majesty and also to both Houses of Parliament, and opportunity will bs afforded to obtain as many signatures as possible, in order that tho mass of tho community may raiso their voices in the matter. Communications have also boen forwarded to the mayor of every municipal coiporatlon and chairman of each local bond in the colony, to conveno meetings, for the same pnipose, in their several districts. A general response has bien made to this invi- tation, and in some dlstticts meetings have altcady b;en held, and petitions adopted. The petitions will be forwarded in time to reach Englaud before tho meeting of Parlia- ment, at the beginning of 1865. The other day, at a ladies' meeting, at Ballarat, a peti- tion from the women of Victoria to the women of England was adopted, appealing to them to use their influence. The following ia an extract from this petition : *' Mothers, Sisters, anti Women of England,-Wo, tho women of Victoria, wo, your daughters and sis- ters, appeal to you to avert from us a torrlhlo cilamity. By tho monthly malls, you know how-amid trials, discomforts, and disadvantages which you havo novor known-vi OBtrivo, mid agonise, and pray that our littlo ones may grow up servants of tho Host High God ; how, amid dlltlcultlos and dlscouragcinonts, we endeavour to raise and koep oroct tho standard ol truth and righteousness. You have oncouragod us, and sympathised with us ; you havo yoarnod ovor us, and prayed for us. We beseech you to como forward now and aid us, lest wo ho overthrown in tho strugglo ; lest wo bo steeped to tho lins In tho polluted stream of convlctlsm ; lost our children grow up talntod In an atmosphere of crimo. If only half the convicts sent find their way to us, in ten years heneo wo shall havo3,000 among us-among a population of only half a million, already dooply tinctured with tho con- vict stain." The measures devised by a number of gen I tlemen who have taken a prominent part in tho anti-transportation movement, for the I Îiurpose of raising funds to send back to E iç and expirée convicta who were originally transported from that country, have bjen thoroughly organized, and an active secretary appoint! d to carry ont the objects of the promoters. Tne first instalment of oxpirees, Including a notorionR felon who was wa vlcted of burglary at Newgate and transported for life, has already been shlnped off. To show that even in Western Australia there is a strong feeling amongst a large pro- portion of the free colonists ug linst the con- tinuance of transportation, we mav quote the proceedings of ft meeting hold at Albany, on the 20th of September, to consider the trans- portation question. AD account of the meet- ing may nave already reached England direct, but it will not be out of placo to refer to it here. The meeting waa held at the Cjurt-honse, Albany, nnd Mr. T. L Symers presided. Tho first resolution, proposed by Mr. A. Moir, and seconded by Mr. J. F. Hassell, was-" That this meeting, composed of residents in the district of Plantagenet, and town of Albany, are opposed to the continuation of transpor- tation to Western Australia, and desire to express theil conviction that the Influx of convicts tends materially to demoralize tho rising generation, and to discourags the im- migration of free settlers." The next resolu- tion, proposed by Mr. R. Muir, and seconded by Mr. J. Uglow, was-"That tho continu- ance of tranepirtation, and the proposed abolition of conditional pardons, by increas- ing the number of that class of men who will be compelled to remain here will tend mate- rially to damage tho colony, by rendering life and property unsafe, and especially in this district, where the worst characters are cer- tain to congregate, in the hope of effecting their cfcapo by some of the vessels frequent- ing this port. The third resolution, moved by Mr. J. M'Kail, WBB to this effect-" That wo avail ourselves of our privileges as British suhjeclB to enter our earnest protest against transportation, and to declare that transportation to this colony ought to bi at once completely and finally abolished." The whole of these resolutions were carriod unanimously. It was then agreed, on the motion of Mr. J. Howson, that a memorial embodying the resolutions should be pre- sented to His Excellency the Governor, and tho following gentlemen were appointed a committee to draw up tho memorial : Mews. T. b. Symers, A. Moir, J. F. Hassell, J. Uglow, H. M Kenzie, and W. P. Tregoning. It iias resolved that Sir A. T. O. Campbell, Bart., resident magistrate, should be requested to forward the memorial to His Excellency. Our West Australian correspondent informs us that the letters on Western Australia by the special reporter of The Argus have been read with interest and given general satis- faction, and that, with tho exception of tho "Government men," the freo settlers ara decidedly opposed to the continuanco of transportation. To ahow the feeling enter- tained with regard to the matter, it may hi mentioned that people came 100 miles, at considerable inconvenience, to attend the Albany meeting. As an illustration of the character of the f camps eent out to Western Australia, it may bo mentioned that the Fremantle cor reFpondent of the West Australian Times announces the arrival of the convict ship Merchantman from England. " Th¡¿<," ho sayp, " is the second time this ship has brought out convicts. Her freight seems not to bavo/ Jyen as qniet aud well-behaved a? usual ; tbirty-eight are in irons, and nine or ten were flogged during the voyage. An at- tempt was made to take the ship, tho particu- lars of whicb, however, I have not yet learned. By her wo have an accession of 257 to our Btrength of road-makers, two having died on the parsage." THE GOLD-FIELDS. No changes of any especial impDrtance have occurred on the gold-fields within the last few weeks. The tendency Btill is towards a great increase in tho amount of deep-sink- ing, but not one of the late' rushes has asbumed large proportions. The most pro- mising of these-the Darling Fiat rush-is at a standstill, as the gold is found to be dis- tributed in patches rather widely scattered over tho place, and without any well-defined course or lead. The sinking is, however, easy, and not deep, and ground of this kind answers well for a limited population, but not for a number of people. It was hopid some weeks tunee that a new fluid of much extent would have been opened in the M'lvot district, near the River Goulburn, but such has not been the case, gold In paying quautUy not having beau found as yet beyond the gully in which it was first discovered. A new lead has bjon hit upon at the Great Western Diggings, which were rather famoiiä a couple of years since, and on the oldtr fields the number of new lends either taken up or likely to be opened shortly is very considerable. This is especially the case in the neishbjurhool of Dayl« ford, where the search has been most extensively carried on, and miles of new ground have been marked oat in c1 tims or taken up under lease. The biring-rodi have disclosed the existence of gold in many likely-looking places, and tho more widely the search is extended the harder it seems to bo to set any limit to the branching and ramification of theso deep leads under a largo (ract of country. The late nunia for shares has greatly facilitated tho for nu'ion of companies, and there will now b3 no want of capital for all enterprises of the kind with any promise of success. Formerly the run was for shares in quartz-mining corop »nie j, but of late the reefs, excepting those in tho Wood's Point direction, have quite given place to tho deep leads in public estimation, and the well-supported search for these last ia adding wonderfully to the extout of our minicR resources, and with less risk of failure than must always be experienced in the other branch of mining. The more spscula'ive pur- chase of shares to sell again has, now nearly ceased, but the investment of EO much more money in these enterprises will be of great and permanent benefit to the mining intoreet, and will help mateiially to maintain our annual yield ot gold. As the surface diggins,?, or shallow lead?, become exhausted, capital is required in on ever-increasing pto portion to the numb;r of men employed, and there is still rcom for the profitable invent ment of a very much larger amount than the late movement has directed into this channel. Even the Wood's Point reofs havo bsen at a dif count for some time past, so small was the quantity of atone crushed, and so few, therefore, were the returns obtained during the winter, but the mills In that region are getting to wotk again, and on stone quite as good as what was formerly crashed nt them. Thus, two lots of stone from the All-Nations Beef, and nmounting to 150 tonp, have pro- duced nearly 2 000 ounces of gold, and we are told that a still later crushing yieldod forty seven ounces to the ton. Such news, of course, helped materially to promote tho sale of the few shares that wero in the market; and aB the season advances, and tho moun- tain tracks become more passable, we may expect similar intelligence from some of tho rich reefa at the Orooked Bl ver aud other plnceB on tbo Gipps Land side of the range. A number of parties of experienced men, and well equipped, have already started to folio* up Mi. M'Millan and his men, cneagsd in marking out and clearing roads through these mountain?, and this summer's promot- ing is likely to havo important results in the way of fresh difcoveties. In no other part of the country are new reefs likely to bo found at all equal to those of the mountains oithcr in extont or value : still, we have had a few opened lately worthy of special mention. A lot of seventeen tons, for instance, from tbo claim first worked on the Dinah Reef, near Amherst, produced forty-nine ouuos, and about the same quantity of stone from tho Poverty Reef, quite a new one, at Burnt Creek, produced no less than lOOoz. 01 wt. A lot of five tons.fromonothernewreef at Inketmaun.also produced öloz. ládwt., after the richest speci- mens, containing nearly as much more gold, had been picked out. More rich veins have been found in some of the claims on the Pyrenees Reef, which used to command such frcquoat mon tion for ita large yields ; and a late crushing of 110 tons out of one of theso yielded 430 ounces, also without allowing anything for the numberof very rich sneclmcnspickedoutof the lot. A few large yields have been annonncod from the M'lvor district too, again ; one ton from a new reef prodncing 281 ounces of gold, while thirteen tons from one of the older reefs at Redcastle produced 821 oz. Gdwt. The good effect of deep sinking on the reefs la be coming apparent in not a few instances, as the means of discovering quite new verne, sometimes richer than those which had been worked above tbem. Thus, a second flat reef was lately reached on the Cross Reef, Pleasant Creek, at a depth of 100ft. below the flat lode which hail been bcforo worked at a depth of 200ft. from the surface, and the stone raised from the 300ft. levtl promised to yield a much higher average than did any of the Btono from the higher level. Wo men- tioned beforo that the Clunes Company hal ro&chcd; the richest Btone yet found in their claim at a depth of over SCOft., and the Clunes United Company have since struck rich stone at the greatest depth yet reached in their claim, 381ft. Terms of agreement for the joint working of the mines of the first-named company bnvo been arranged with the Port Philip Company, to which all the crushing machinery belongs, and thi?, no doubt, will recuit in greater economy in tbo general management, and therefore in better ieturns to the shareholders. The quan- tity of stone raised by the Clunes Company, and crushed nt the Port Put lip Company's mills during the last quarter, was 13,871 tone, and the yield was o,388oz. 13dwr. Daring the last eix weeks of tho time, however, tho quantity crushed was 5,377 tons, with a yield of 2,721oz. Odwt., or an average of íp.lwt. 3¿r. to the ton, showing a marked improve- ment in the quality of the Btone raised. The machinery is now very complete, and the power applied may be' estimated from the fnet of over a thousand tons of stone being usually put throogh each week. Tho con- tinued sucesss of the principal deep lead companies at Ballarat will bo best learno I from tho returns obtained during tho past quarter. Of these, the Band of Hope Company now stands first on the list, with a yield of 8,282 outicis, and a payment of £24,000 in dividends; tho Koh-i-noor Company having washed out 0,537 ounces of gold, and paid to its shareholders £15,000 during that time: theso payments being, in. all tnses, clear of expenses. The Groat Extended is the only other company at nil approaching these in the extent of its operation^ and the qtnntity of gold obtained by it was 3,036 ounce?, out of the proceeds of which **** large proportion of £10,080 was paid in dividends. A number of the Emallur companies are also paying very well just now. The largest nugget obtained during the month only weighed 55oz. 12dtvt., and this was found at Kingower. AGRICULTURE. The weather is still all that the farmer could deelre, though the month haB been rather too unsettled for shearing operations. In Bome parts of the country the quantity of rain baa been somewhat too great, but, over- looking theso local peculiarities, the spring has been cn the whole most favourable for vegetation, and the young crops are promising well. There is also every prospect of fruit b.ing very abundant, as the flowering season has nearly passed over, without the occur- rence of any weather Bevere euougb to do the least injury-if we except a hail-storm last week, which did some mischief, but did not extend over a wide tract of ountiy. In fac, ripo strawb.rties and green goosebetrie3 are already in the market, ns well as vegetables in the greatest piofusion. Hay making has com- menced, and will be general on all the oarly landa as soon as the gun" gives promise of shining a little more steadily than he has done of late, and the yield will everywhere be heavy. Barley will bo ripening next month, but there ia seldom any wheat ht for the sickle bifore Chiistmas. New wheat, from South Australia will, however, be in the market some timo before then, and the crop theie promises t) be an unusually heavy one, quite equal to that of last year. RuBt is appearing again in BO me of tho districts of New South Wales, but it is rather Boon as yet to say whether the farmers here .are likely to suffer from its attacks or not. If the weather con- tinues broken any longer it will doubtless shortly make its appoarance in places, but if November is as warra and dry as this month is nine years out of ten, the mischief done here will be slight. The prices of wheat and flour have kept up well considering the near approach of harvest tim*, but if thore ia no such failure of the crop3 in New South Wales and this colony as there was lost year, the fall must be tolerably rapid as soon as there is now wheat fit for the mills, unless indeed it should have commenced before then. Oats are - declining in value. So large was the quantity raised heie last year, that the probability ia tho supply at the coming harvest will be more than ample) for our wants, without any additions to it by shippers from a distance. The seosjn being of the diameter described, stock of ull kinas aro in fine condition, and the sheep owners are getting in their harvest in the shape of a heavy clip of strong, firm-stapled wool. Several more shows of stock and 1m plepientB have been held, including those ut Geelong, Bendigo, and Ballurat. The Geelong show wa", as usual, deficient in live stock, and not remarkable for improvement in any other department, but at bjth the up-country shows symptoms of progress were most ap- parent. At Ballarat there was an increase of one half in the number of exhibits in the classes for horses, sheep, poultry, and swine, as well as ot dalry proiucí, betides a more moderate increase in the entries of machinery and implements, most of the prize3 in these last classeB having bim tuken by locil makers. The entries for the co-called National Show, to be held at Melbourne this week, amount to 770 in all-a number not BO great as the Port Philip Society has had in former yea«, with- out the additional inducement of tho £030 of pi jze money which the Board of Agricultuie is offering as extra and special prize«. Notice of tho intention on the part of the Bjard of Agriculture to hold such a show this year was not given ia time to allow of any prepara- tions being made for it, and the mere addition of so much money to the society's list, which had been previously issued, has had little or no effect in bringing forward more competitors or exhibits of spe- cial excellence, so the show will bo merely an ordinary ono, with the advantage lo exhibitors of having moro than twice- us much as usual to take away in the form of prize money. In the classes for coarac-woolled sheep there IP, however, a marked increase, though more owing to the growing dem ind for such amongst the farmers than to the inducement of the prizes offered. The num- ber of entries in these is 112, including ¿owns of different varieties, Leicestarc, Cots wolds, and LiucolüB, with a few cross brjds. The Mel ino classes will not be particularly well filled, ¡is only a few of our leadinj breeders have signified their iuteatlou to compete, and the invitation to those of the neighbouiing dinnies has been answered by one fiockowuer in Tasmania only. The entries of coarse-woolled Eheep testify to tlw advatco farming is making iu one direction, and the increasing competition for the prizes offered for dairy produce indicate what U being done in another. At Bill trat the butter, both salt and fresh, as well as the hams and bttcjn, and even the cheese, weie very good, and in largo quantity, and the in tries of these things for the Melbourne show are far more numerous than ever before, and from almost every agricultural district of tho colony. TUE WAR IN NEW ZEALAND. The news received this month from Now Zealand includes many significant items. lu the Ant places it must b3 mentioned that the Fox Ministry, pledged as it is to thoroughly suppress tho native outbreak, have bjen unable, since the receipt of Mr. Cardwell'd last despatches, to work cordially with Sir Goorge Grey, and have tendered their resignations. Sir George, however, has declined accepting them, and it is probable that the Ministry will continue in office, and will carry out their programme. Tho dearly-bought victory at Rangulri, it will be remembered, loft some 200 prisoners in our possession. .For several months these men were lodged on a hulk nimod the Marlon, lying in the Waitemata, off Auck- land. Unused to confinement, howovor, thuy Buffered In health a grea; deal, and on this account Sir George Grey cave up to them a îomantic little island-his own proporty tcimed Ka wan, lying some twenty miles from Auckland. This Kawau, upon which Sir George GreyhaB a comfortable establishment, and which ho uses for acclimatisation experi- ments, lies two miles off the mainllaud. The breadth of water was considered a sufficient guarantee against any attempt at oscapo, and the prisoners were left to wander about the Island under tho mild surveillance of a chaplain, an interpreter, a surgeon, and a warder. Ono Sunday morning, howover, it was discovered that the Maories had made a successful move, and hod left the isliuel, taking with them everything they could CBrry. Subsequent information showed that they escaped during the night, and at once proceeded northwardp. The northern part of the island has ns yet remained ia peace, tho tribes having takon no part in tho hostilities one way or the other ; but there is reason to fenr that this unfortunate Incident may pre- cipítate a struggK Not only have tho ercaped prisoners been allowed to build a Rtrong pa at a place termed tho Great Mahn, but they havo been Bupplied with firearm?, so that they are now nil armed, and they have also been provided with pro vislonp. One of the leading chiefs of the not them ttibes haa publicly said that the Waikaios aro not to be interfered with, but are to be left " to work their own deliverance," that is, they are to be left to defy the Govern- ment, and to live by plundering' the settlors of their cattle. It is feared that some of the tribes may b.» induced to join the Waikato?, and it is now anxiously remembered that there ure at least 14,000 defenceless men. women, and children in the district north of Auckland, and two millions worth of pro- perty. The news from Tauranga; where it was hoped the last victory, and after aubmission, had established peace, is not altogether satis- factory. A number of natives, who declined from, the first to como in, have built a lanjo vvoik near the sito of the disastrous Gate Pa, end have stopped the surveyors in measuring the confitcatcd lands. Altogether, there are ttrong indications of a resumption of hosti- lities in this district. Tbo Taranaki campaign has not yet baen commenced, though large quantities of stores havo been shipped to the pott, and all officers have had tbelr leaves of absence recalled.wtth a view to immediate servic3. Tho soldiers are in tho firBt instance to bo employed In con- structing a military road. Rumour has it that the regiments pelected for the Taianaki ser- vice nie tho 12th, the 18th, the 43rd, and'the 60th. In the meantime, the robéis thera-ulves are keeping remarkably quiet, probibly at- tending to their cultivations. Information received of the absence of William King's people, and the friendly disposition of one section of the natives in the neighbourhood, induced Colonol Warre, who commands at Taianaki, to despatch an expedition of 800 men to seize two pas which this rebel chief had erected. Some twonty nativos wore in the main pt>, but finding themselves out- flanked, they fled, aftor firing a few rounds, and both thewoiks were dostroyed. One na- tive was shot, and on our side a private) was wounded. VOLUNTEER RIFLE SHOOTING. The enthusiasm which four years ago led a large.proportion of our volunteors to rifle practice as a pursuit docs not betray the least symptom of subsidence. Further, it has gatheied strength, and perhaps the popular interest in the proceedings at the butts is now higher than ever. Last month has been a busy one with our crack shot*,* for the competition among candidates for tho honour of forming ono of tho Vic- torian team in tho forthcoming inter- colonial rifle match has been very close. Be it known that this intercolonial contest is between the riflemen of New South Wales and Victoria for a trophy which is to cost a largo sum, and become the property of those who win it thrice successively. Tho first match carno off in November, 1862, at tho Sandridge Butts, and tho Ne* South Welsh- men won. They repeated their victory at Sydney in the following year, and in about three weeks hence the third trial of skill will take placo near Melbourne.- A scries of competition shooting matches have bein going on many weeks, with a viowto select the best possible ten representative', and at present the Victorian averago of skill has been found high, but it remains to bo Beta whether our mon will save tho trophy. At tho latter end of the week after next the Victorian Rifle Association hold their Novem- ber meeting, when six matches are to como off. Match No. 1 is for any volunteers who have gone through the muskotiy instruction of 18G'i, and they are to shoot with Govern- ment rifles, fixed f-ights, and six pound pull off, and without sling, sunshade, or telescopic sight. Match No. 2 is between the bast tweniy of the above. Matches Nos. 3, 4, and 5 are for all comers; and Match No. 0 for members of tho associai ion only. The prizes are gcod, b. ing supplemented hy Miijur General Chute and the colonel-commandant. ? THEATRICALS. Notwithstanding tho complaint of dull timer, Melbourne continues to support four pi ii ce« of public amusement-the Theatre Royal, the Haymarket, tho Princess's, and the Polytechnic-hall. At the Theatre Royal Mr. Barry Sullivan, after a long series of bigh clasB plays and Sbaksperian revivals, pro- duced the Tomantio drami entitled "The Pilot." Tho piece was put upon the stage with great spectacular effect, and drew crowded houses for a fortnight. It was with- drawn in favour of the excellent comedian, Mr. Jefferson, who is playing a farewell engagement, previous, it is understood, to his dt'patturo for England. He has appoared as AfaTienchardin "Our American Cousin," and Salem Scudder in " The Octoroon." At the Haymarket Lady D m is tho main attraction. The burlesques of " Kenilworth " and "Aladdin " have bson played boro with fair EucceBP, and nn adaptation of "Tho Heart of Midlothian " has more recently found favour with the habitués of the thoatre. The Christy Minstrels at the Princess's, and Mr. and Mrs. George Case at tile Poly- technic-hall, have had no causo to complain of a want of patronage. Mr. and Mrs Case's first entertainment was given without chango f-.r Etven wotks, and their second perform- ance appears likely to bo a3 libsrally sup- ported. SPORTING. Spott of all kiuds suitable to the spring ard summer seasons of 18G4-5 may be said to have now commenc.d in earnest all ovor tho country. The first turf event of tho present spring the Hunt Club Steeplechase Meeting- at- tracted a large number of visitors to the Mel- bourne course on Saturday afternoon, Octo- ber 1. His Excellency the Govomor was prcBont. Tho Hunt Club Cup was won by Mr. J, Dennistoun Woorlo Tasmanian horso, Beaufort, beating Mr. G.Wataon's Albion and seven others. The South Australian horse, Longbow,won the Tally.ho Steeplechase ; and Mr. Bowes' Deerfoot took the Selling Prize, and although bteeplechases aro not allowed to take rank amongst tbo legitimate business of the tuif, such a gathering as there was on the Melbourne com so on this occasion may bo considered as a favourabloaugurv upon the im- proving interests of metropolitan sporting affaire, and will havo sirved as a healthy ap- petizer for the bill of fare provided for the November meeting of the V.R C. Tho entries for tim forthcoming Melbourne Races. November 3rd, 4th, and 5th, will be re- ceived this afternoon (Tuesday). COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. The mnils for tho current month will bo made up to-morrow morning, and despatched at the usual hour hy the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Bombay. Tho Madras, with tho August mails from Europe, arrived- in Hobson'sBay at half-past six p.m. on the 13th inst., the anticipatory Bummary of news by telegraph fiom Adelaide having reached us late on the evening of the 11th. The news of a decline in the quantity of Bhipmonts to this port was satisfactory, the markets with few exceptions having been for some time post greatly oveiloadea. STATE OF TRAUE. The condition of business was seiiously Impaired shortly after tho date of our last advices by the occurrence of two or threo largo failures, and it has not yet returned to anything approaching its normal condition. Within tho lost week, however, some im- provement has been perceptible, although as yet confidence is notro-establlshed. The pnblio auction sales of wool havo commenced about a fortnight cailier this season than last, but the unsettled state of the weather has re- tarded shearing materially, and the bid con- dition of tho roads has kept back much of tho wool which has been Bhorn. At the ptesent time, therefore, the reason is scarcely if at all moro advanced than it waa at a correspond- ing peiiod in 1863. Dining the past week an auction sale has been held at tbo stores of eech of the wool brokers in Mel- bourne, when nn aggregate of about 2,700 bales WOB offered, of which about 750 passed the hammer at satisfactory rates. In each instance the market exhibited a buoyant character, and thero was an evident disposi- tion cn tho part of buyers cooperate libsrally. The prospects of the season, so far as we can judge at present, encourage the expectation of an abundant and strongly grown clip. It is also apparent that the désire to bny has been checked up to this period, either by the cir- cumstance of vendors not having given full instructions to their agents as to tho íeseive that they place upon their clips, or of the demands of producers being a little beyond what the buytra are at present in- clined to respond to. As this is a state of things which generally occurs to a greater or lets txtent at the commencement of a wool season, we have no reason to apprehend any unfavourable consequences from it, and have no doubt that by the timo of the next sales,, which aro not likely to be held until aftor the arrival of tho European mai), duo on the 10th proximo, the balance will be restored and a brisk season follow. In the import market, tbe operations of tho latter poition of the month havo been scanty in the extreme. At the close of September, flour was largely dealt in, but tho almost si- multaneous arrival of considerable cargoes of Chilian at this port, Sydney, and Auckland, caused the price to declino íopidly. Adelaido fell in a few days from £27 to £24, and foreign from £24to£20. It has ainceslightly rallied, but tromactions have of lato been confined to tho satisfaction of trade orders. In other grains, thero hus been little speculation. Rico is in quantities in the market, but buyers are bick v ard, and prices aro declining. Spirits and alts, in bulk end bottle, have been more in- quired after, aud, as orders are Bald to bo comiLg in more freely from New Zealand, hopes are entertained of a better market bete ero long. The principal failures to which wo alluded abovo wera those ot Messrs. Cohen Brothera, of Mellourne and Launceston ; and Mr. J. H. Dodgson, a meichaut largely engaged in trado with New Zealand. The former oc cuired on the 20th ult., and the lattor on the 3rd inst. A meetii.gof the creditors of Messrs. Coben Brotheis was held on tho 3rd Inst., at which the Melbourne liabilities were repre- sented as £80,282, aud the estimated assets as £27,081, leaving a deficiency of £8,001. Tho estate was assigned for the benefit of tho creditors. At Launceston, the liabilities of tho firm amount to £58,213, while their assets ore set down by the examiners appointed by tho creditors nt £9,267, showing a deficiency thereof£48,980. In Mr. Djdgsou's estate a meeting was hold on the 7th inst, at which it appeared that the liabilities amounted to £102,219, and the estimated assets to £93,241, leaving an apparent deficiency of £8 978. This i state has also been assigned for tho benefit of those concerned. According to the Insol- vency Circular of Octobor 1st, in tho month of Se-ptembtr there wero seventy three insol- vency schedules filed in the Melbourno dis- trict and ten in that of Geelong. Of the former, the total liabilities amounted to £20,590, and the assets, as stated, to £7,193. BOLD AND EXCHANGE. There is no change to notj in tho valuo of money. Deposits have slightly increa*od, and bills offered for discount decreased ; but the fluctuation is scatcely worthy of remark. Al good securities paying abovo BIX per cent. OTO in great demand. Tho price of gold con- tinues unchanged. Tho rato of exchango on London is par to a quarter per cent, discount, on drafts at sixty days'eight; three quarters per conf. premium on thirty days' Bight ; and one and u half premium on drafts payable on demand. S veral now banks ct nnccted with China and the Ea6t have been spoken of in connexion with exchanges. Two have commenced busi- ness. Trie Northam cleared out last month with 110,908oz. 18dwt. 8gr, of gold, comprised in the followincBhipments:-OrientalBaok,21,9i2oz. ludwt. l'kr ; Bank of Australasia, 17,181oz. Cdwt. ; Central Bank of Western India, 10,070oz. 18dwt.;AgraandUnitcdS.rviceBank,13,790oz. Olwt ; Bank of Now South Wales, 10227oz. lödvit.; London Chartered Bank, 7,010oz. 7dwt. 12gr.; Bank of Victoria, 6,37(3jz. 21wt. 18gr.; M'CulIoch, Sellar, and Co., 0,202oz. 13dwt. Ggr.; Union Bank, 3,591oz. 9Jwt. ; Colonial Bank, 3.59lrz. 3dwt. Cgr. ; James Hi nty and Co., 2,089oz. 17dwt. ; L. Stevenson and Sons, l,2G5oz. 10d«t. The Northam also cl< tired out with specie to the amount of £91,014 10s,, shipped as follows :-Agra and United Servico Bank, £40,000; Oriental Bank, £¿6,000; Bank of Viotorla, £10,000 ; Colonial B .nk,£8,000; P. and O.Company,£6 000; Bank of New South Wales, £1,704 103.; Jas. Henty and Co., £1,000 ; Bank of Australasia, £250. l.Odloz. of silver were also takon by tho mail steamer. The following were tho shippers of gold, per Essex, foi London ¡-Bank of New South Wales, U,G29oz ádwt.; Colonial Bank, 6,129oz. fxlwt. Gar ; Oriental Bank, 3,980oz. 15dwt. lOgr.; Union Bank, 2,890oz. 2dwt. ; small Bhipmente, 2oz. Total, 21,13loz. Gdwt. lGgr. ; of which quantity 2,820oz. lldwt. were trans- shipments from New Zealand. The following wero the shipments of gold per Monarch, for London:-Bank of Now South Wnlep, 7,449oz. ; Oriental Bank Corpora- tion, G,281r z ; Union Bank, 6.081:>z. ldwt. ; Bank of Victoria. 4,107oz. lGdwf. ; Colonial Bank, 2,078oz. 18iwt. ; small shipment', 5oz. Tho clearances of gold during the week ending tho 22nd lost, have amounted to 80,443 ounces, making tbo total shipments Einco the commencement of tho year l,418,929oz.; of which quantity l,233,078oz. were tho produce of Viotorio, and 180,251oz. transhipments from New Zealand. The shipments made boneo during the corres- ponding period of labt jear wore ],251,180oz. of Victorian gold, and 257,090oz. of New Zealand gold, giving a total of l,608,220oz. THE IlKVENUE. The revenue returns for the quarter and year ending September 80, have bein pub- lished in the Gazette, and supply satisfactory evidenco of the well-doing of the colony in the comparisons which they invito botween tho product of tho revenue in this year and that of last. So far as the quarter wo have just passed over ¡B concorned, the gross amount of revenuo received in the current yenr IB £807,310, while for the corresponding quatfrr of last year the account stood £128,370, showing a sum in favour of 186-1 of £128,937, which, diminished by somo £12 to be deducted for refunds from registration fees, leaves a net Increase on the quarter this year, as compared with tho same qnartor last year of £128,925, On tho whole period of 1804 thus far passed, as compared with tbo first nine months of 18G8, the gain is equally Bti iking, tho not increase being £223,832. A portion of this increase id due to the CuBloms receipts, but by far tho largest amount mu6t be set down to the re- venue derived from tho Crown lands, tho increase upon which is moro than £160,000. The incomo derivable from public works has increased some £81,000, and the postage ¿5,7-10. In the items of fees and fines and foi feit urcs tLoro is also on increase The most notahlo decrease in the receipts of the current year, compared with those of the last, id lo lu found under tho head of Excise, and tho greater part of this is to bo attributed to Iho fact of tho central Government having surrendered to the various mu- nicipal councils the amounts accruing from certnin licence fees. From this ciuso, whero £58,425 was received last year from pub- licans' licences, £9,901 is all that has this year found its way to tbo general revenue. Compared with tho Treasurer's estimates for the patt nine months the receipts show a de- ficit, ey of £140,108. The falling off is chiefly duo to territorial rovonuo, which was esti- mated at £108,083 more than has accrued. In most other respects thu returns are satis- factory. The Customs receipts form the best part of the balance-sheet. The Treasurer's estimafo for the nine months under this hoad was £820,600; the actual receipts havo sur- passed this by £29,500, reaobing a total of £860,000. In postago, too, the receipts sur fiass the estímnto by £4,000; whilo in the tem of "fees," there is also an increase. BeBldea tho territorial revenue, to whioh wo havo referred, tho total discrepancy between the estimate and the receipts is composed In tho following manner :-Tho total of rovonuo for the nine months recciv able under the he ad of Excisa was estimated at £28,600 ; the rert-iptu «ra £27,402, (showing a decrease of £1,097. Tbo psti mated incomu from public works was £429 000: the actual receipts are £858,420, exhibiting a falling off, equal to £70,680 In ports and harbours the estimate was £16,275; the receipts £15,216. Under the bead of fines and forfeitures, wo havo nu estimate of £19,050, while the actual rectiptt cometo £8,108. The "Miscellaneous" completo the list, and here the estim-ttj8 nre £82,962, and the total of the receipts £18,756, the dtciease under this bead being £14,20«. BANK RETURNS. ' The following quarterly returns of local banks have been publUhed during the month : The return of the liabilities and assets of the Vielen ian branch of the Bank of New South Wales for the quarter ending S-p'om ber 80 furnishes tbo iollowing particulars : Liabilities-Nnte-a in circulation, not bearing interest, £100,505 10s.; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, £1,297 4s. 3d.; balances due to other bank?, £21,007 Is. 7d. ; deposite, not bearing interest, £663,692 9s. 2d. ; deposits, bearing interest, £672,074 &. 3d. ; total of de- posits, £1,185,660 17*. öd. Total urûount of * liabilities, £3,348,536 13s. 3 1. The following are tho asetts :-Coined gol I and silver, aud other coined metal*, £267,130 3s. 10J. ; Gc~ vernmer.t securities, £30,00 ; gold and silver, in bullion or bar*, £60,432 19j. lOd. ; landed ptoperty, £43.151 ; notes and bills of other banks, £11,823 Sr. lOd. ; balances due from Other bunk?, £126,880 4s. 8i. ; amount of all debts duo to this branch, including 'notes, bills of exchange, and a" stock and funded debtjs of every d- xription, except- ing notes, bills, and balanc s eluo to tho said bank from other banks, £1.251,46G 6s. 61. Total amount of assets, £1,780,892 17s. 81. The return also includes the subjoined par- ticulars ¡-Amount of the capital stock paid np to this date, £931,280 ; rate of the last dividend declared to the shareholders, 15 per cent, per annum, and a bonus of 2J per cent, on capital, equal to 20 por ceut. per nnnuin ; amount of the last dividend declared, £76,0C0; amount of the reserved profits alter decking such dividend, £250,000. Tho return of the liabilities and assets of the Bank of Victoria for tho quarter supplies the following particulars ¡-Liabilities.-N »tea in cirtulatitn, not bearing interest, £250,817; bills in circulation, nut bearing interest, £10,906 17s. 8d. ; balance due to other bank.?, £84,414 14s. 4el.; dejosits, not bearing in- terest, £699,120 3s.; deposits, bearing in- terest, £883,238; total of depobits, £1,632358 8v Total amount of liabilities, £1,828,496 15s. Tho following are the assets : Coined gold and silver, and other coined metals, £298,908 19s. lOd. ; gold and silver, in bullion or baw, £81,154 4á. 2J.; lauded propeity, £127,210 14-i. 9d. ; notes and bills of other bankp, £15,861 2*. 81.; balances doe from other banks, £82,079 0J. 10d.; amount of all debts due to the bank, includ- ing notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every desciiption, except- ing notes, bills, and balances due to the bank from other bank», £1,855,357 63. 51. Total amount of assets, £2,460,071 8s. 8J. The return also includes the subjoined t Amount of the capital stock paid up at this date, £500,003 ; rate of tho last dividend de- clared to the shareholder?, 10 per cant. ; amount of the last dividend declared, £25,000 ; amount of the reserved profits after declaring such dividend, £103,000. The return of the liabilities and assets of the London Chattered Bank of Aus- tralia, within the c.duny of Victoria, for the quarter sets foith :-Liabilities. Notes in circulation, not bearing interest, £81,810 Is. 6d.; bills in circulation, not bealing interest, £6,288 8). lid. ; balances due to other banks, £61 2s, öd. ; deposits, not bearing interest, £178,131 Is. 2d. ; deposits, bearing Interest, £269,010 6s. lid. ; total of de- posits, £447,141 8s. Id. Total amount of liabilities, £534,301 0s. lid. The following aro tho assets ¡-Coined gold and silier, and other coined metals, £164,410 las. Id. ; gold and Bilver, in bullum or bare, £23,470 2).; landed property, £61,075 4s ; notes and bills of other banka, £18,665 10-e. 7d. ; balances due from other Lank', £2.993 17s. 9d.; amount of all debt;, duo to the bank, includ- ing notep, bills of exchange, and all Btock and funded debta of every description, except- ing nott'B, bills, and balances due to tho Bald bank from other banks, £1.090,035 12'. 5J. Total omount of assctp, £1,853,551 O'. lOd. The return includes the subjoined pvr ticulaiB ¡-Amount of tbi capital stock paid up to this date, £1,030,000 ; rate of the last dividend declared to the shareholders, 8 per cent, per annum ; remount of the last dividend declared, £40,000; amount of tho rceerved profits at the timo of declaring such dividend. £127,810 3i. lid. The liabilities and assets of the Colonial Bank of Australasia, within the colony of Victoria, are ¡-Liabilities.-Notes in cir- culation, not bearing infc-rest, £87,806 la. 6d.; bills in circulation, not bearing in- terest, £1,869 Os. Id.; b»lances due to other banks. £95713s. 4d. ; deposita, not bearing Inte- rest, £371,380 6s. 7d.; deposits, bearing interest, £389,987 19s. 7d. ¡total amount of depoáitj, £711,874 6s. 2d. Total amount of liabilities, £801,607 Is. The following are the as'eta; Coined gold and silver and other co'ned metale, £110,994 12s. 6d. ; gold and Bilver in bullion or barí1, £30,143 6s. 9d. ; Government securities, £5,635 16s 2d.; landed propeity, £46,054 15*. 2d.; notes and bills of other banks, £12,510 8s. 4d. ; balances duo from other banks, £98,573 19s. ; amount of all debts due to the bank, including notes, bills of ex- change, and all Btock and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, bllld, and other balances due to the sal el bink from othor bankB, £058.007 18s. 3 i. Total amount of assets, £1,266,926 11s. Id. The roturn also includes the following : - Amount of the capital stock paid up nt this date, £487,600 ; rate of the last dividend declared to the shareholders, eight per cmt ; amount of thelastdividend declared,£17,500; amount of the reserved profits after declaring such dividend, £10,000. The following report of tbo National Bank of Australasia is published under date Octo- ber 20 : " The directora havo pleasure In submitting tilt fal- lowing report on the affairs ot the corporation, M ith a Btatomont of accounts for tho lmlf-yoar enJol 30th Soptombor. *' Tho net profits for that porloel, nitor making allowanco Tor bad anel doubtful djbts, and robato on bills, amount to £30,387 0s. lou. "Thodirectors recommend this auin toboappro Sdated as follows : 0 dividend at tho rato of 10 per cent. por annum .£20,000 0 0 To reservo fund (making a total of £16,000) .. ., .. .. 0,000 0 0 Balance carried forward ,, .. 1,337 0 10 Total .. .. £30,337 0 IO " Durlnglho lost half-year branches havo boon oponed at Colac, in Victoria, and at Auburn, in South Aus- tralia. " Tho shareholders will bo glad to lorn tint the position and prospects of tho London agency are of a most encouraging chatrctor. Threo gontlemon if standing and fiifluenco havo boen appointed a local board to co-operato with tho manager, and your directors aro confident that this agency will, in a short timo, contribute materia'Iy to tho gonoral Interests and prosperity of tho bank. " Tho general meeting ve ill bo held at tho banking liouso, Collius-stroot, on Tuesday, 1st Novoinbor, at noon. " By ordor of tho board, "A. CVXXIKOIIAH, Managsr." The following is tho balance-shoot for the half-year ending 30th September, 1864: Dr. To capital paid up .£400,000 0 0 To notes in circulation. 23',002 0 0 To bills in circulation. 0,252 1 ~ To deposits . 812.E00 '. _ To balances duo to other banks .. 85,410 12 10 To reservo fund. 30,000 0 0 To profit and loss account .. .. 30,337 0 lu £1,630,317 10 5 Cr. By specio on band . £250,00110 t By bullion . 27,81)1) 6 7 By Qovornrriont debentures .. .. 4,000 0 0 By balances duo to other banks .. CD,687 0 4 By no tea ot othor banks ., '.. 5,82,1 4 0 By bills rccclvablo, and all otlior ad- vances. .. .. 1,137,721 4 2 By bank premises, furnlturo, and sta- tionery . 40,812 0 0 £1,630,317 10 6 PltOFIT AMD L033 ACCOUNT. Dr. To oxnensos at head ofllco, and tiron ty-slx branches and ngonclos .. £17,827 13 3 Balance. 30,337 0 10 £43,214 10 1 Cr. By gross profits slnco last statement (after providing for bad and doubt- ful debts, and robato'on bills) .. £43,214 10 1 rUBLIO COMPANIES. The proposed Union Marine Assnranco Company bos not been successfully launched. A meeting of the provisional board was held on the 21et inst.,' for the purpose of consider- ing tho applications ncnlvcd for shares in the association. It was found that thera wore applications sent in for under 10,030 shares only, 25,000 being the number required, and It was consequently resolved to abandon the enterprise. A committee was formed for the purpose of superintending the business of returning the deposits. The Melbourne (formerly Melbourne and Suburban) Ballway Company, after a serien of mutations, Is at length to be amal¿amat°d with the Melbourne and Hobson'd Bay Com- pany, and s'cps are to be taken to connect the two lines of traffic The preliminary nego- tiations bave been disposed of. and the trans- action may be considered settled, the terns of it being that one-third of the joint ruvuuue shall go to tho Su Uliban, and two-thirds to the M. and II. B. Company. A company has been formed for fhe manu- facture of ice by tho patent process, the suc- cess of which has been fully proved in pre vlous6nmmei8. The new company, which ia callid " The Vic'oria Ice Company (Limited)," commences its operations forthwith, aud, as it is not to bj troubled by Wenham Lake rivaliy this season, has every prospect of doing a profitable bu»ine6P. The Victoiiu and Riverina Pastoral Asso- ciation share-list is to remain open until the 8lh November. We havo been shown in manuscript a pro- spectus of n new banking company, which it ia piopiBed sjjonly to lny before the p'iblic. The uffociation ia to perform the usual busi- ness dina by banking institutions, together with some of a distinctive character, calcu- lated to extend its sphere of usefulness. These comprehend the lending of money upon real property, making advances upon geld, and granting cash credits. The sub sci ib. d copit al is to ho £1,000,000. d ivided into 50,000 shares of £20 each, one-third to 1» al- lotted for application in the Australian coloniep, and tho ri-malnder in Great Biitnin. A branch of the Royal Bank of India has been opened in Melbourne, under the charge of Mr. Bogle, late ol the Royal Bank of Scot- land, Glasgow. Tho Financial Association, to which wo bave previously mado leference, is still in piogresB ; and Mr. Alex. Burrell, wbo is engaged in its formation, goes home by this mail to complets the arrangements for its establishment. IMPOSTS AND EXrOETS. The following table gives the imports and exports since tho commencement of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 18G3: Wook ending. Itcports. Fob. April Kay 7 Jilfy Aug. Sept. 3 ,. I« ., 17 170,408 438,710 221,440 410,102 107,444 467,1)73 313,431 402,733 201,800 152,410 03,872 140,548 223,845 050,070 100.534 153,520 250,732 87,150 127,820 420,018 267,004 157,317 375,811 107,608 208,488 277,853 241,410 183,101 112,704 472,432 318,013 321,258 00,040 362,880 520,835 801,852 231,256 823,240 203,078 154,055 234,178 805,417 307,094 813,868 320,808 250,730 610,003 190,003 239,305 180,303 166,301 670,331 211,420 129,135 320,274 447,170 440,084 242,001 85,315 103,(20 230,484 183,702 317,047 187,411 173,029 218,139 251,300 203,894 103,780 171,281 310,055 815,021 332, Í7! 248,167 152,150 301,018 232,007 240,384 101,032 265,483 300,481 108,407 Exports. 1803. £ 623,001 102,008 550,125 117,733 100,005 142,220 233,450 403,101 117,311 130,120 230,817 298,307 314,052 38,732 108,780 394,005 851,427 113,085 03,423 405,170 101,242 70,003 203,590 05,017 505,503 139,020 204,143 107,012 3S3,ail S77.030 65.038 87,205 220,080 313,0)3 143,052 197,030 137,607 437,927 1:8,555 167,018 151,320 11,121,052 110,880,7011 0,515,08o' 9,£14,0l>5 145,318 242,394 100,278 443,801 235,003 187,200 327,421 697,093 200,707 110,103 886,030 416,073 183,113 221,351 78,710 4->3,5U 165,073 214,455 232,018 06,280 6I3.GO0 70.310 112,220 70,203 550,082 05,459 40,205 162,274 872,628 130,444 121,897 63,845 80,017 613,100 71,800 161,180 100,010 503,409 180,802 45,407 03,430 Curing the first period, the account stocd thus : Import« *..£11,121,952 Exports . 0,515,030 Balance of Import» over oxports Duiing the second period : Imports -. Exports . £1,670,272 .£10,830,701 . 0,214,010 Bataneo of Imports over exports .. £1,000,145 STOCK ANO SHAKE MARKET. Mes8re. Baillie and Buttora report as fol- low st " Although the markot has beon froo from any un eluo excitement, a large amount of business lias boon dono, nt prices generally satisfactory to sellers. Tho largo amount of capital hoirie invested in mining stock continues to bo watched with somo interest, mid It is Fatlsfuctory to observo that tlio greater portion has been blel out in sebo i cs of a bonn Hilo character, that aro returning a good intorost on the investments. Whllo such Is tho cs*o, wo havo very little reason to antlclpato such a rolapso as followed the mining mania of 1859-10. Any now project is minutely scrutinized, and, un ess It can honestly stand it, tlio chancos of success aro slight Indeed. Tho long-pond- ing negotiations for ¡tho amalgamation of tho MLIIOMIIO Ballway with tho IlobsoVs Bay Com- pany's Uno moy now be " considered as complotcd, on tho basis of one-third prouts to tho former and two-thirds to the lattor company- an arrangomont which w c hollovo will ho attended by mauy advantagos to both cm corns. Negotiations aro In progress for tho Otigo Oovoriuiicut (Dunedin Harbour) Six nor Cent. Loan, which we expect will assumo a tangiólo shapo during tlio current weolr. Tho efforts mado to esta- blish tho Union Marino Insuranco Company havo failed for tho prosont, much to the annoyanco of its strongest supporters, who acenso their coadjutors or the lukevarmness of tholr support. However this may bo, tho fact has had a honcllcial influonco on tho \n)uo of tlio Southern Insuranco Company's slock, willoh lias beon freely taken at 26s., aud holders now look for an advance on thatprlco. "Tho demand for all sorts of debentures lias been loss than tho average. Victorian Government Six por Cents, havo changed hal ds at £105}, at which they continuo calcable Holders ask £100. Hobson'« Bay Hallway six per cents, are offered at £101}. Mel- bourne Railway eight per couts, would find bujorsat £101 ! selle -s ask £102. Melbourno and Collingwood Gus bonds atti act no attention whatovor from clthor buj crs or Boilers. A SILBII eight per cent, loan on a country municipality's debentures will bo offored In a few days. The amount, lion over, is so small that it is scarcely deserving of moro than passing notice. Otago Qovcnimout olght por couts, aro nominally quoted at £105 to £107, but thero aro virtually no tellers unless at extreme rates. Colonial Bank arc again attracting attention, and an advance in valuo is anticipated on account of the disposal of tho Molbourno Railway, in whick tliey had a large portion of their funds Invested. Quo tations closo at £810s. to £815s., with sales rcportod at £8 lCs. and £8 12*. Od. National are also frilling In anticipation of the dividend which will bo payablo next wock ; solos at £5 2s. Od. They aro no » well held for £6 5B NOW South Wales havo changed hands at £43 10s. and £44, cuni div. Victoria keep quiet, »nd quotations aro a shado moro In favour of buyors, but tue business offering Is very limited, £37$ buyers, £39 sellers ; shares on tho London registry command about £2 advance ou theso rates. Australasian Fire and Marine Insuranco shares have ch nged hands freely at from 80s. to 83s., but towards the end of tho week slightly receded. Strong l,u} crs for Investment, how- ever, will probably again nako thom on too as- cendant. Australasian Life remain very steady at from 11B. uel. to 12A ; transactions havo not been numerous. Alliance aro scarcely so firm ; sellers at Us. 6d. como forward ra'hor frooly, and buyors show no inclination to advnnco on tholr limits of 10s. 0J. Colonial aro dull, no sales roported for weeks ; quo- tations nominal at 12s. to 13«. Southern havo for Kino time fluctuated botweon 241. and 20:. ; at tho closo last wok thoro wero buyors at 25s. and sellers at 20s., with n decided upward tendency. Vic- toria Lifo und General aro offered at 30s. ,- and Vic- to! la Fire and Marino at £36 ne) business lias boon reported in cither for a mouth past. Ballarat Oas clinics aro veil hupportcd nt £7 5s., but come forward slowly at £7 lO-i. Bendigo haio been dono at £315s., ar.d £3 18s. for email parcels, but a lot could not bo got under £4. Collingwood Gas havo been dono freely at £7, at which thoro aro still buyers-tho dividend tor tho current half-year may bo cxpocteel to equal at Icatl 15 per cent, per annum. Molbourno have boon role] nt £4 5s. f r £5 shares ; and Geelong are sought for at £4, and virtually no do.larod sailors. Hobson's Bay Itali» ay havo slightly decllmd, notwithstanding the near approach of '.no half-yearly dividend ; tlio de- pression, howover, wo bollcvo will bo i lily temporary, ns tbo arrangement with tho Melton no Uno, noted above, may bo considered particularly favouiable to tho llobson's Bay Company. Bendigo Watorworks ore \ cry firmly hold ; In tho absonco of sellers, buyors licsliftto to advance tholr limits of 20s. Molbourno mid Kcwcnstlo Minmi Colllciy shares have almost at- tained tlio lowest obb they can possibly go ; with the proceedings between tho original propr.ctors and the company, and thcpi-ocoodlngsbotwoon thesharoholders amoi'gst themselves, this unfortunate concorn is likely to be food for the law} ors for some time to como. Mining matters have beon as usual buoyant, but the fluctuations for tlio past week or two havo not boen so great us previously experienced. Ajax are decidedly easier ; sellers at £2. On Saturday a lot niljht have been got considerably undír that price, but if tho companj's financial position was established on a sounder basic, a largo advanco might bo anticipated. Tho merits of tho company's claim aro undoubted, and it only requires time, with good nmnnje niOLt, to ristoro them to tho position of ono of tho ilistclass quartz mining coturunloi of the colony. Beeblvo, Maldon, aro rarely offered, unions at outbldo prices ; £7 asked. Enterprise, atter being a few months In tbo background, aro again showing in front; £160 asked. Prospects at tbo mino are cons derod satisfactory. Fear Not, Daylesford, held their quarterly mooting at Ballarat on tlio 20th Instant, when the statement of affairs proved tho reverso of promising. A debt of about £1,600 was reported, cvitfcnUj £1,000 moro than was over contemplated under the deed of settlement. The shareholders, howover, unanimously resolved to in- sist l'pou calls being mado to liquidate the whole amount at tlio earliest posilblo period. A great por- tion of tho debt hu been incurred in erecting furnaces, 4c, for tlio treatment of pyrites, which abound toa largo extent In tbo lodes, the results of which promlso a return of about ten ouncos per day. Grand Junction, Maldon, aro at present ob- taining splendid returns, and the accumulations of cash on hand will warrant a largo dlvldotd, besides providing for tho erection of machinery. Hcrculci returns have been fully equal to expecta- tions, and dil Idends oro likely tobo nell maintained. Sellers nominally ask £00 per scrip. Last salo, £45. Hustler's havo bren comparatively neglected ; oily a few sales at 12*. arc rotortcd. They havo still a good deal tf dead-work to do before oblainlng leturas avnllublo for dlitili tulon. Kel nn Keof, Bendiga, ore steady at frein 11s. to 12s. ' Good results mo dally expected from tbo mino. Kow Chum 1-crp quiet at 60s. to 55s. Star Kee! havo boen dealt tn lo somo extent at 7s. and 7«. Od., but close rather cn 1er. Albion, Ballarat, have receded to ubout £10-equal to about £000 por original sliaro. Alston and Weurdalo havo bcon sold at'ircni £23 to £20 ; tendency slightly dominant. Avota Aesoelatiou remain steady tit £15, and not likely to chango much until tim mino has boon moro opened out Bonshaw wanted, at £3>> per scrip equal to £180 per original tliaio: no dividends havo been raid lately. Buninjon? havo almost rccoiorcd ibo t/tco's ol the falling in of iliolr drive, and may ho expected to attain a still higher figuro ; sales at £325 are rcp< ried, and £340 hns beni olio ed and refined. Chnsela «ero rold at from £50 to £55 ; and Cosmopo- litan at £lf> 7s. Cd. and ilB. E-«sex aro mpldly r.covering the effects of tho flooding out; and now that tho power to reduce the Mater has hctn tttohlUhtd hovond a doubt, a fin thor riso in pi ice is not iinpcsiiblo ; sales, £0S. Groat North-west inn o numerous fiimdH at £10 piciniutn ; no declared sellcrc. Great Extended, Daylesford, havo hoon sold »t £31, and would bo taken at a slight advance Great Extended, ballarat, after fíiictuotinir from £60 to £3 ', bal o molo Hi inly advanced to £45 and £40. Koh-i noor oro a falourito stock, ant would find Infers In quantity If holders would moderato their vlons to st mo extent. Leviathan oro well supported nt from £21 to £22. National, Buninyong, havo brcto through into tho suttor, and shares woro ' rapidly picked np at £140 ; tbcro aro now no fellers. National, Day'osford, closo at £50 to £C0 ; eales at £55. Kelton, Ballarat, aro looked upon favourably, ond expected to riso ; sales £ 0. Kew ton, Daylesford, aro thought low at £120, or an edvancc of about 100 per eonl. within ono month. Oriental havo recee'ed from £80 to £20, and closo dull. Prluco of Wales closo good at £00, and f ow shares oCcrcd. Scarsdale Great Extended have boen troely dealt in at from £60 to £51. Korol Saxon oro wanted at £21 ; sellers at £22. St. George United iccrded from £20 to £18, and ulti- mately to £10 ; but suddenly rallied, and aro li I. ely to again advance to their former placo. TJi.lted Fxtcnccd .Band of Hopo also declined from £126 to £110, Tilth solos at intermediate prices. 3 ho monngcr of this company has thought (It to con- tradict in no measured terms eel tain facts which aro stated, and Milich are capable of proof, to tho satis- faction of tho tliareholders ; but if tho body of shara holders are sat i> fled, wo havo no right tointorferc, beyond disclaiming any blamo that might be attach- able) to us from tho laches of the management. ?\Vomuat-hill oro decidedly ca'ler ; returns, howovor, continuo good. Sellers o«k £65. Royal Standard, Duylcbfoiel, havo been taken at £280. At tho closo, sellers vero from £3C0. For City of Manchester, Ballarat, £24 offered ; collers at £20. STOCKS IK BOND. Tbo following is an account of tho Btocks in bend nt Melbourne on the 20th inst. : Brandy, 7,800 bhds. 64,096 cases ; rum, 1,186 lihds. 1,111 cases; geneva, 85 hhds" l'¿9.289 rid capes, 8,300 green cases ; whiskey, j,278J hhds. 36,025 cases ; gin. sweetened, 184 bhdB,, 16,161 cases ; cordinls, 1,769 cases; spirits of wine, 385 bhds.; other spirits, 81 hhds. 13,107 cecee ; colonial spiiits, 1,710 lilias, and cases34 capes; wine, 4.32CJ hhds. 22,0901 cases; beer, 7,778è hhde. 6,987 cases and catks ; tobacco, manufactured, 929 half-tierces, 1,292 quarter tie ices and kege, 6,086 three-quatter boxes and boxes, 4,430 cases ; total, 1,784,1541b. ; do., iir.runuufncturcd, 151 hhds. and casks, Ceases, 2,0-12 bnleB ar.d bundles; total, 353,0261b.; cigaw,.Z90 casts; total, 35,4761b.; snuff, 43 Tacltages; tea, 9,646 chefts. 30,691 half- cheste, 22,160 hexes; coffee, 918 bagp, 8 tierce?, 216' creel, p, 185 barrels, total, 255,4881b. ; nolasses, 66 hilt's ; sugar, Mauritius, 63,857 bags ; ether, 173COO bugs, 22 casks and cases; chicoiy, 866 peckages; opium, precarcd, 193 pacltagee, 9,2631b., do., unprepared, 46 pack- ages, 6,7081b. ; dried fiuits, 14,346 packages ; IJI-T», 1,277 pockets; rice, 42,145 bags ; malt, 6,91)5 bog?. BAIIWAY TRAFFIC. V The following is a state mest of tho traffic returr.8 of tho victoiion Government lines of railway, of the Melbourne and Hob30n's Bay Ballway, and of the Melbourne Company's line (late tho Melbourne and Suburban line), for the month of Septtmber t Government lines Mclboumo and Hobüoi'sEay. Melbouino Co.'s.l ras scngcrs. s.d. 10,01410 6 3,500 S 3,06712 6 Total. s. d. £ s. d. 29,170 18 8ifl,t)011S 1 2,092 O 7 0,50116 \- I 3,987 12 SALE OF STATION mOPEHTIES. . Since the last derattnro of the mail the following salts of station properties have been effected :-"MeBsrs. Curtain and Tobin'a fetation?, Yallock ond Nelson, with purchased land, woikii g gear, and 3,COO cattle, for the sum of £23,2C0--a third cpsh : the balance at one and two years; also the Powlett Plains ptation, situated on the Loddon River, to Mr. David WilsoD, for £17.000; and the Wicklow Blocks, containing 1,100 tquare miles country, situate in the Wellington district, NS.W, the proicrty of Mr. George Holmes, to Mr James Geddes Brown, for the sum of £3,300 sterling, half cash, and balance at one and two year?, with tight per cent, interest, pay- able yearly. SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. COLD SHITS THAI EAVE SAILED. The following is a list of tho gold ships which have sailed hence since the 1st of August, with the quantities and the destina- tions stated separately : 1SC4. Aug-, Cljdo City of Adelaide.. Penola l.'ta " .. City ot Sydney .. Sept. 20 Ship. IS Balclutha . Coorong .. Barwon Joshua Bates Madras Great Britain City of Mulbouri.e SlltECX 9 Africana .. City of Adelaide I Hy of ilolbourno City of Welbourne Northam .. Lottlo Maria Essex City of Adelaide.. City of .Melbourne Olly of Hobart Paugatirn .. Alexandra.. 22'Monnrch .. Destination. Ounces. London .. Sydney .. Adelaide Sjdncy ., Sjdney .. Adelaide Sydney .. nong Kong . Point de Gallo. Liverpool Sydney .. London .. Hong Kong , Sjdncy .. Sydnoy .. Sydney .. I'olnt do Galle , Hong Kong . London .. Sydney .. Sydnoy .. Dunedin.. Sydney .. Adelaida London ... 15,771 2,603 3,002 1,300 30 1,572 33 01,810 29,081 2,593 (l,0!>7 5,803 11,359 . 2,250 8,017 110,903 4,514 21,131 2 615 S 4,421 21 20,000 SHIPS TO ABB1VE. BAILED. Ship.4 Toll 1111)10. Date of Sailing;. Astoria . Avalanche., Batavia . Bonnies ,. B.n Kovls.. Cbonipion of the Sens Dawttnio .. Egmont .. , General Michaels Glendower .Tuan Eattray Kensington Ko'ciusko., Luusdovrno La BcincBlancho Louis Mayer Mary Trances Mediator .. Minister Pilmd Mullah .. rrir.ccss .. Queen of Australia Unvcnsbounio li ciño D Anjou Scottish Chief Speedy St. Maro .. Teesi'olo .. Tovlotdnlo.. Transit .. Tudor .. Warrior ., Water Njmph Yorkthiro.. Zoo.. I Sundswall, ) \ via Cork ..j" London .. J Deal, from 1 1 Hamburg f Louilon .. Manilla .. March 2!. July 5. Aug. 10, July v8. 1102 1192 374 1068 074 Liverpool I onilon London .. Rotterdam London .. Now Yoi k Now York London .. Deal .. Calcutta.. Iirouworalmven Liverpool London .. »otterdain Liverpool beal Liverpool London .. . Calcutta.. London .. Foo-Cliow Chamnto London .. Liverpool London .. Liverpool 1034 Hong Kong G84 |Port»inouth 1050 London .. 300 iFoo-Chow 1052 334 Au?. 0. July 31. Aug. 3. July 10. Aug. 20. July 0. Juno 13. Aug. 8. Aug. 25. Aug. 2tl. Nov. to. July 12. Aug. 13. July 10. April 10. Juno 7. iVug. 3. July 31. Aug. 20. July 12. Aujr 8. . Juno 21. .'Juno 10. .'Aug. li. . 'July 0. . July fl. .'July 23. . Aug. 20. .lAug, 24. .July 12. KOTES MOM THE SEA. Tbo month has been chaiacterised by a series of heavy" gales along these coasts, and several casualties havo cccurred. At Sydney the BtorniB have been especially severe, and Tinmbeis of coasters havo Buffered, happily for tho most part without loss of life. In the case of the baiquo Tybee, however, wrecked on tho 2nd inst., seven of the'crew perished. The following are tho patticolars of this disastrous occurrence:-The Tybee, barque, Captain Mmpby, left Newcastle for Mel- bourne on Friday last laden with coals. About ten o'clock nt night, when between twenty ond thiity miles to the southward, a gale of wind struck the ship. Attempted to take in sail, but before this coulel bedoae nearly everything wnp blown away. Shortly afterwards a fearful sea broke on deck, doing great damage. Got lighter Ball on the vceeel, headed eastward, and reBchcd on all night. In the morning made land under the vessel's lee ; bent a rosin stajeail. and hoisted foretopmait stay- sail, rtill heading eastward, just cleaiiuK the land, which proved to bo lloma Point. Made tbn lighthouse, and stood in. Between two end tbreo o'clock in tho afternoon let go the Etarboatd anchor to windward of entrance to Nelson's Bay. As it would not bold, let go the pott mehor. with about stventy fathoms ci ain to i ach. Port chain coon after parted, end, OB the víEStl began to drac, the main- mast vas cut away, which, in tailing, took tho mizer.most by the head. Vet-stl still ¿ragging, cut away foremast, when she held, Sounded pumps, and found three and a half fctt tf water m the held. Pumped till she sucker1, and h» pt pumps going. About nine at uigU tlio remaining chain broke; then put out a kedge anchor, on to which a new Manilla line of about 100fathoms had been tei-t. By sergiug in tlie bits, this kept the veFFt-l in c1 eck until about twelve at night, when Hey were BO ruar the North H. na tLnt the> Lad to sot tho lower stay i ail ior a spani» r to keip the vessel off the rcckf. At dnj light on Sunday moruhig, tho verfel WBS abi tit thiee miles off bhore, to tho north of Port Stephen«. Cut away the rigging and spoin alongside-, uachacklca chales and let tiem go; lifgid juty-u.a<t forward, aud mado sail, but lound the viSatl would not ttctr. Finding thiy could not clear a pjlut ol itck8iihetd,lliey endiavoured to beach the Mi-ftl. At this time thore were fivo anda bi>lf ftet of water iii thoht-ld. When in six fathon-s nattr the loLg-hoat vras put over, but immediately swamp-.d. A sea now bruko r.ver the ship, filling her fore and aft, and bulliong in» man's leg. Next sea the Bhlp struck. All hands then went aft. underneath the deck house, but one, Peter Andrews, who got on top, was washed overboard, and RUC reeded in swimming to shore. The crew then began to look out for tin raselvee- soma jumping eil, and otheis being washed off. A Gieilc reaman having succeeded in getting hold of a spar, called to the mato to join him, as it would take thein both to tLoie. The mate swam to him, and suc cttded in getting hold of the epar, when a sea Btruck them, drowning the Greek, and wash- ing the mate ashore. The steward was last seen going down the ekjlight. A seaman named Vincent atd Captain Murphy were at ihis time about the last on tho vessel's dook. Vincent having in vain urged the captain, who Blood at the fore part of the house, to take to a plank or spar, at last sprang into the Mater, leaving the captain Eiill in the fame place. Vincent eucceeded in getting on to pait of tho deck-house, on which he was waihed a"-hoie, but the captain wai neverafter waidBEien. The two seamen, Vincent and Andrews, were naked when they reached Bhore; whilstDoyle, the mate, had vi ry little clothing on.butlhiBhedhidedwithhis tellow-6UiÏHrers. "Ley remained for scmii time on the heaob, but no bodies came on 6hore, r.cithrr «ero i>ny teen by them. They then staited to the touthward along the beach, on which they puEEid the night, rain falling ireely. About an 1 our alter stat ting next morning, they came upon the Ino, of Sytlney, in theMyajl Hiver,theenptain of which vissel took'thetnt cn board, piovided clothes and food, and put them lo lied. At tLo lequebt of Doyle, the captain cf the Ino stalled for the wreck to Feu if any bodies had been washed ashore, but returned at nine o'clock same night, without Euccise. The text morning the shipwrecked seamen weie biought on by the Dooiibang to Newcastle. The behaviour of Captain Mniphy, who was n young manofabjut iwenty-five yeaiB of age, is highly spoken of. To the vuy loit ho eLdiavouied to cheer and en- courage his men, diEiegarding danger him- self. The Lüvr.ccctcn Fxamintr of the 4th in:t, has tho folio«ing :-" We regret to have toan nouLco li:u lofF, nu Clarke's Island, of tho Irig Foi-ni, tf Ilohart Town. CaptainLed well, who, with his crew, arrived in town cn Sunday n orning by the Meesra. Smith's cutter Wfcteiwitch, staten tLat he liiftlLVl beume cn Sunday, the 25th ult, in ballast, hot nd for Hobart 'l'ovin. On Tuesday morn- ing, Milli Hie wind'at W., and thick, hazy wcatlxr, the Fe am stiuckontheS.W.pointof Clbikti's Maud, Bass's Slrr.it?, and imme- diately wtnt donn, all bandsjust managing to f cran.hle OD shcre, with the loss of everything but the clothitig they stood up in. They were Kindly homed by the Messrs. M'Loan, of Clarke's Island, unlll the fo'lowingmorning, when tb<y prcccedtd in aboat to the Water- witch, wbichwBSthcnlylngunderan adjreent island. Only tLe topmasts of tbe Foam wero lo be Et en above water. The cutler entered Tamar Heads on Saturday morning. Ci ptain Pallant, of th» schooner Circassian, who airived by tho Active from; Twofuld Bay on Saturday last, has fornithed us with the fullowit g account of tho h B3 of his viEFid ten milia west of Barn n.ead: " it ft Warrnambool on the 3rd inst. Oa the Ci h ins'., dui ii. g a heavy gale from W.S.W., and thick rainy weather, the schooner went on fhoreten miles west of Ham Head. She was under close-reefed eanvaB at the time. Two men diid cn the wieilc through exhaustion, and one man jumped ovorboard with à line to try and gain the short1, EO as to enable the remainder <f the crow to get off by that meure, but he could not land owing to tho great drawback on the beach, and was Oiowncd. At tbïee o'clock, Captain Pallant, finding that tLe vessel was breaking up, jumped ovciboaid to try and gain the shore, but, owing to the Eurf, WOB unable to laud, ard fortunately regained the wreck, but much exhausted. The mainsail, with the gall attached, was overboard, the clew of which lucarne entangled with the rocks, the wash of the sea carrying tho sail srmetimes close to tho shore, and at othir times elope to the wreck. By this mears Cap'ain Pallant and the remainder of the crew were euabled to reach the shore, kavir g bein iourte en hours clinging to tho witch, during which time Captain Pallant was twice wasl.ed -overboard. Captain 1'allai.t, his mato, and two seamen, were stven days travelling from the scene of the week tomo Eixfyor Bcvcnty miles, over an almost impassable country, with no other ftod than a few raw potatoes, when they for- tunately reached the station of Mr. Robert Develin, Mtdapootip. Here they recoived, at the hands of Mr. Debelin, all the kindness ai d attentien that their miserable and ex- hausted ca£o re quired. Captain Pallant was alone able to leave Malagootie Station, aud after tiavelling sixteen miles on foot, procured a horse, and rtached Twofold Bay, a distance of fifty miles, where he found the achoonar Active at archer. Captain M'Donald kindly took him on board, and biought him to this pert." 1 ho ship Mary Ann Wikon arrived here from London on tho 4th inst. We regret to rtport the death of Captain Smith, which occurred on board that vessel on the '¿9th July, in lat. 5deg. SOmin. N., long. 24dcg. 1 Cmin. W., alter seventeen days' illness from rheumatic gont. MELBODBNE WHOLESALE PRICES CUBBBNT. Tho Argus Ofllco, Monday Evening, Business throughout tbo prut month lins continued dull, and dorold of anything Uko spirit or animation, and »otu itbstanding the favourable tenor of tho advices frcm the homo markets as legards decreased ship- ments, neither demand nor prie, a havo Improved. Tho changeable unteasouablo weather and occasional heavy falls of rain, combined with several failures to heavy cmount?, havo retarded tho prcgross of sales vi bien tho advanctd period of tho year usually induces. Brcndstuffs havo attracted tho chief at tent on, and transactions in theso and nomo fow aiticlcp, stocks of which havo bcon much re- duced, have been tbo leading f o »tures of the maila t. Confidence Is, however, somewhat restored, but much caution is observed in transactions, although in gieat measure limited to actual trado require- ments. Alo ord Slout.-A shliping demand for draught ales iioviig taken a centlacrablo quantity off the market, prices havo become firmer, but not aboto ¿7 l cr lil d. ton bo quoted for the most pretorred lij-nidp. 1 ho continued cold unsettled weather in- duces a very moderato consumption, whllo the iu o-caslng uso of colonial brewed further tends to lessen tbo usual e.\te-nt.of sales, Bottled ales remain in very limited lequrtt, nt unaltered prices. Bottlod stout is of lather moro rrody solo, but best brands cannot Lo quoted at over about 10s. por dozen. Draught stout Is quito neglected, and tho prices nmird are tho highest rubng rates. Quo- tations aro:-New Brewery Co.'s Cnrllslo Alo, £0 16a. to £7 ; Bass's No. S (now), £8 17s. Od. to £7 ; Joule's, £0 15". to £7 per hlid. ; Man-inn's, £7 ; All sopp's, £0; Bj ass's, bottled, Ds. to Os. 3d. ; London and Colonial Co.'s, Ss. Od. to Os. ; Allsopp's, di. Cd.; other bottlers', 8s. to 8s. Od. Stout_Best brands, £5 16s. to £0 ; other brewers', £6 to £6 IDs. por Mid. ; Dublin stout, bottled, Os. to 10s. ; Byass's, 8s. 8d. to Sa. Cd.; Mnchln's, On. Cd.; London and Colonial Com- pany's, 7s. Cd. to 8s. ; Barclay's, bottled by Friend, 3ur,rts, f s. 3d. to 8s. Od. ; other bottlers', 7a. to 8s. per ozen. Butter may alniOBt bo considered now as an unne- cessary artlclo of import. Tho ample supply of fresh n ado selling by retail at from lOd to Is. por Ib., renders Importa »holly nccdloss. Cardies novo, from tholr vory low prices, attracted attention, and speculative purchases to Mia extent of tomo 4,COO boxes havo been mado during: Hie last fow days. Stotks aro, however, largo, coming supplies very considerable, and, as tlioagcuts of tbo A'ovaStea rino Works still sell at Dd., no advance beyond that figure for other descriptions is possible By auction, foreign full- weights havo been placed at Sgd. por lb. Quotations are :-Nova stéarine. Od. ; foreign full v eights, EJd. to8Jd. per lb. ; light-weights, at from OJd. to Old. per packot ; Belmont sperms, SJd. to 8}d. per lb. Cement Is again dull of sale. Fortland is still quoted at 15s. Od., Itonmii at 12s., and American plotter at ICs. per barrel. Cheese.-A fair demand for North Wilts, and other Englhh chcefo of small size» and of primo quality, for whiih from lid. to lljd. per lb. is procurable in Miiall parcels ; other kinds are not, however, readily calcable. Ce Ree and Chicory.-Demand continues limited; rtccl.s aro, however, tolerably well held, and but littlo if nny alteration In prices has ensued. By auction a pai eel of Jam has been placed at lOgtl. por lb. el. p. Quotations aro (in bond).-Coffee-Co.vlon plan- tation, at from Hid. to lljd. ; native, lOd. to lOJd. ; Java. led. tolOJd. Chicory-3d. to 3JoL per lb. for best brards, Cordage has shown no improved inquiry, tho latest Falcsiepoi ted being chiefly of small sizes of Manilla. Scrmltigtulno of gocd.quallty continues in falrdenund at rather better rates. Quotations are-Europe ropo, £42 to ££0 ; Rustían, £0<; ¿Manilla, small sizes, £52 to £64 ; others, £48 to ££0 ; Calcutta lines, £42 por ton:, twine, seaming and roping, I8]d. ti ltjd. per lb. Confectionery.-The prices of imported"kinds aro much depressed by extensivo lodi manufactures, and best assorted sorts cannot be quoted at above lOd. to lt-J.d. per 1I>. Drugs, &c-In; tbo articles under this heading thc-ro is «calcory any chango to report. Arrbals of cpium hove been somewhat extensivo, and iho demand ia quito unimportant. Soda crystals maintain tho ndvaneo, mid aro salcablo at from £1110s. to £12 per ton. Cuiu.tlc.soda and fh ur of sulphur aro in lossonod request Quotations arc :-Opium, propored, 2tli. to 2et>. Cd. per canlttcr ; Pnlna, £100 to £200 per chest ; soda crystals, £11 10s. to £12 ; caustic soda, £2ó ; flour < f ntlphur, £25 per ton ; carbonato soda, 10s. to lit,, perçut. ; tartarlc acid, 2s. per lb. ; arsenic, £10 to £10 6s. per ton. Fltli, fnltcd and dried.-ling, of primo quality and condition, is salcablo in small parcels at quoted priées, but for other dcscrbtlons there is very slight Inquiry. Quotations aro-Ling fish, i\i. to 4Jd. ; herrirgr-white, 21s. Od. to 22a. 6d. per half barrel ; 7s. Dd. to8s. per firkin; red, In two-dozen tins, 20s. to £7s. per dozen tins. Flour, Grain, &c-Tho; flour market has attracted considerable attention throughout tho month, and prices havo fluctuated In proportion to tho nume- rous and varied reported accounts of probable supplios for th s market. Tbo absence of stock of breadrtuffs In tlo country district has, however, mainly tended to sustain prices, but tho continued ar- rivals of flour and wheat from Callfornl«, Val- paraiso, and Chill, to tills and tho ports of Sydney and Kow Zeoiond, keep tho marltot in a Ecmowlmt unsettled condition, and being now within three months of tho South Australian lmrvost, induces a greater degrco of caution in making any extensivo purchases. Tho Tongoy, from Valparaiso, after tijlng tho Sydney nmrkot, has como on hore, ond brings some 2*0 tons flour. Tho market to-day closes fl mlj', although without any extent of tr insac tlmis, at Iho following prices:-Adelaide, hestb'anls, £26 ICP. ; Californian, £23 10s. ; Chilian, £2110s. to £22 per 2,0C0Ib. Wheat is in fair request, but boldon iii ni, ond spparently indisposed to realize under full rates. Eoutb Australian, 10s. Od. to 1' s. ; 'Californian, Os. Gd. Barley is but of Blow salo. Capo quoted at Es. Cd. to 4s. ; English (malling), 4s. Od. to 6s. Horse corn is alco dull of salo, tho only description in any request being good cloan samples of c donial oats, but for which not ox cr 3?. per bushel is procurable, Tho prices of other corta aro altrost nominal, but aro quoted os rollow:-Irish,- 2s. Cd. to 2s.7d.J Califor- nian, 3s. to 8s. Sd. ; Dutch and Danish, 2s. Dd, to 2s. 1( d. per blithe!. Mnizo cull of salo, and not abovo 4s. 6d. to 4s. Cd, per bushel procurable Bran leadlly wlchblo at 1B. Sd. ; pollard, 2s. per bushel. Colonial oatmfoï, £24 per ton. Fruits.-Notwithstanding Iho present bolng Just the season when fresh fmits aro by no means plentiful, no change in tho demand or voluo of Imported sorts <an bo reported; and as the spilng fruits-such asgoosc Lcrr es, strawberries, &c-aro; beginning to como to n.ml.ct, no Improvement on dried sorts cm bo looked for. . By auction, Ameritan dried apples havo been placed at JJel. per lb. Quotations (duty paid) aro: Api les, 4l¡d. to 6d. ; currants, 4Jd. to 4j-d.; Muscatel raisins (lajors), 7d. to 7}d.; Elome, Od. ; Sultana, Cid. to 0<d.; lurkey figs, Od. to 7d. per lb. ; almonds (soft Ebel!), Sd. lo Dd. per lb. ; Cape raisins, 6Jd. to Gd. per lb. Ilarrs ai d Bacon.-Tho increasing supplies of local eui ed militate against any odvanco in the prices of Imported porcela. Small shipments of tho most ap- proval Illunie, in good condition, aro of tolerably ready sale ; but infer ior parcels aro difficult to move, at even much reduced prices. Quotations rro as follows:-Yorkshire or Wiltslilio bains, Od. to lid. ; Irish (Sinclair's), 11 Jd. ; Ccey's, lid.; Lunliarn's hams, Hid. ; do. bacon, lOd. ' to lOJil. ; Rowan's, bellies (bacon), lOd. ; Sinclair's, lOd. to 10'd. ; Waring's, lid. ; Moffatt's, lOJd. to lljd. per lb. ; pork (Irish), £5 per barrel ; beef, £3 16s. to £3 17s. Gd. pcrtieicc, Ilrps have continued in but limited demand, and sales confined to growth of 1803, for which not over 1 s. led. to 2s. per lb., duty poid, can bo quoted ; while for old suits there is no inquiry, and reliable prices cannot bo given. Holt lins been in good demand, moro especially since tho arrival of trio tait advices from tim homo ii aikcts. Ccnsidcrablo sales havo been effected at 0s. Cd. per busbo', duty paid, for good samples ; and boldci s of this dcsci Iption aro generally steady In their demand for >0i". Metals.-The market continues mostly woll supplied, and with but few exceptions, tho demand is of unim porta11 extent. Fig iron lias boen frcoly dealt In, but ot luther easier lates. Galvanized Iron Is well .stocked, a' d dull of rale. Hoop iron and iron wiro, for wool loshings, nie in iruproved inquiry. Zinc, tin plates, and sheet lead beaty on tho n ni let. Lwbank's patent nails niovo off slowly at about fifteen per cent, off list. Quotations ore :-Corrugated galvanized iron, English make, EuG.,£S0; ilorewood's, £32 ; rod and bar iron, BBH or Uli brand, assorted Invoices, £11 to £11 10s.; boiler piole, £13; Scotch bar Iron, £10 to £10 lCs. ; hcop iron, £14 ; anglo and T iron, £14 ; pig iron, £5 to £6 10s. ; sheet load, £20 ; 'shot, as- sorted, £28 to £20 ; fencing wire, £15 to £18; ziuc, Nos. 0 and IO, £30; tin plates, 15 per cont. ad vni-.co ; camp ovens, £10 ; patent nails, 16 per, cent, off list. r»i Ollmcn's Stores aro without any change' to note. Tho trado mostly supply themselves from tho largo quantities constantly offering for salo by auction, and en Uro Invoices arc a most impossible to place. Colo- nial joins have almost superseded the necessity of Im poitatitn, ai.d tbo nbundanco of fresb fruits now produced renders bottled sorts;'difficult of sale. Stocks of all soits aro larger/and uo improve- ment on present rates cm bo looked for. Quota- tions aro :-Blue, thumb, OJd. to OJd. per lb. ; curiy powder, quarts, 12s. Od. to 13s. per dozen ; fruits, bottled, lr'i. to 10s. Sd. do. ; Jams and jellies, lib. tins, Os. to 10s. Sd. do. ; lobsters, lib. tins, American, 7s. Od. do. ; macaroni, Sd. por lb. ; vermicelli, white, Naples and Genoa, 8(1. do. ; niusUi d In bulk, Ko. 2, 7Jd. do. ; do. in lib. bottles, l18, to 11s. Cd. per dozen ; do. in Jib. bottles, 7s. 0-. do. ; oysters, preserved, lib. tins, Os. Od. to 10s. Cd. per dozen ; pickles, pints, Cs. to 8s. do. ; salad oil, pints, 11s. Cd. to 12s. per dozen; do., half j ints, 7s. do. ; salmon, preserved, lib. tins, 14s. do. ; sardines, halves, 0s. to Cs. 3d. do. ; quartors, 6s. Gd. do. ; sauces, assorted, half-pints, Os. do. ; do. Wor- cestershire (Lea and Perrins'), 12s. do. ; starch (Col mpn's), 4Jd. per lb. ; vinegar, brown (Champion's 24), 2s. per gallon ; do., concentrated, quarts, 0s. Gd. to 10s. per dozen ; white wine. Is. Od. to Is. Od. per Ballen. Oils.-Kerosene baa been largely dealt in for parcels on hand, as well as to arrive, and for best brands ho dcrs aro firm at Gs. Linseed is easier.- Shipments p.ti vlf id no ample, and sales of equal" portions of boiled and raw, in half-drums, have been made at 5: per gallon. Arrivals of Chinese oil havo reduced prices, and lessened inquiry. Colza continues firm at quoted figuier. The stocu. of caste r is hold by two firms, andu not, wo bellovo, procurableundor 6s. Od. to 6s. Od. pc gallon. Quotations ore-Kcroseiro, best qualities, Cs. ; Chinese, 6s, Od. to Os. ; linsocd, 4s. Od. to 6s. ; coba, Cs. to Gs. Gd. ; olivo Os. ; castor, 6s. od. to Cs. per gallon ; turpentine, 8s. Gd. to 0 j. por gallon. Faints aro difficult of sale, and tcarcely in any de- mand. L'est wbito lead is quoted at 28s. to 30s. Pitch and Tar re main in vcry'limited demand, and J1.0VO off slowly at from 23s. to 30s. per barrel for Stockholm tar, and from 48s. to 50s. for pitch. Tcwder.-From tho high rates ruling for blasting soi ts a reaction reduced prices ef best brands to about 7jd. per lb. ; llpjit shipments and a rather increased ii.qulry hove, however, caused a slight rally, ond for these scits ltd. per lb. is now required. Quicksilver Is in bettor inquirj', stocks aro much reduced, aid holders ero unwilling to sell under 8s. 4d. to 3s, Od. per lb. Bice-Considerable stocks and somowhat heavy shipments advised havo deadened tho market. Buyers are holdimt back, and prices have given way. Patna is I rocurablo to-day at £20 ; Java, dressed, tablo rice quoted at £2610s. to £20 per ton, duty paid. Sacks, Bsejn, ic.-Tho stoady and increasing Inquiry for tlircc-burhcl corn- sacks has caused a corresponding Increase in prices, and sales at 23s. per dozen aro re- ported ; sonto lieldtrs standing out, on tho strength of fhort luppUcs and tin opproach of harvest, for 24s. Woolpacks move off steadily, but tho bulk of tbo required purchases havo been mndo. Good heavy packs hove, howe» er, realized Os. Od. each during tbo week, but wiiicb may bo considered tliclr extremo value. Gunnies aro easier, and cannot bo quotcil at abot e 10s. Cd. per de zeil. Navy assorted canvas, No3. 1 to 0, Is. Id. to Is. 2d., extra, Is. Cd. to Is. (k1., per j ord. Suit If again dull of sale, aud, although holders aro tolerably firm, fine cannot bo quoted nt over £312s. Gd. to £3 6s. ; and conrso at Cli. Od. to 65s. per ton. fclates aro heavUy stocked, and slow of salo. Tho last sales reported -were ;-Duchess, £14 to £15 ; marchioness, £13 ; countcsi, £10 to £11, per 1,000. Sugar.-The market, without being activo, is very steady, and the sales effected show a tandoncy towards improved intcs. Tbo Intelligence received is some- what favourable for holders' vlowa, and stocks In Eecond hands being comparatively light, Improving pi ices aro looked for. About 2,000 bags of Java sorts, ex Stng, havo been disposed of by auction. Rations, i-t £30 to £80 Ks. per ton ; yellow counters, at £30 10s. to £3716s. per ton ; wlilto counters, £3810s. to £39 per ton. Other sorts oro quoted as follows : Bâtions, £31 to £32 per ton ; medium to fino, £33 to £41 per ton; crystals, £40 to £43 per ton; Cossi pore, £45 to £49 rer ton, duty paid. Spirits.-For the better class of brandies there has been au Improved inquiry, for both shipment and con- sumption, and some considerable tales havo been effected. For Kartell's dark 8s. 4 Jd. per gallon hal been, we understand, refused ; between dark and pale sorts the prices are moro equalized, supplies bolng in better proportion than of lato. Forlow-cHss brandies and mixing sorts thero is littlo or no solo, and tho quotations for these descriptions aro all but nominal. Genova continuos In vory steady demand, and for best brands, of fair amount of duty, 10s. Od. Is readily procurable. Bum is in lessened demand ; and for old tom and whlskoy Inquiry romains very quiet. Quotations oro (in bond).-Marloll's dark, KB. Od. per gallon ; Honnessy's pale, 8s. Gd. to 8s. Cd. ; Otard's, 7s. Od. ; United Vineyard Proprie- tors* Company's do., 7B. Sd. to 7s. Gd. ; Champagno Vinoj-ard Proprietors' Company's do., 7s. ¡Vinotjrowors', 7s. 3d. to 7s. Od. ; Leger Freres', 0s. lOd. to 7s. ; othor brands, do., 8s. to 6s. ; palo, Ilonucssy's, 31s. por dozen co so ¡United Vineyard Proprietors', 20s.;Vincgrowors', 2Ss. ; Champagne Viuoj-ard Proprietors* Company's, 24s.; Leger Freres*, 18s. to 21s. J Clouzeau's,18s. to 10s. Geneva- JDKZ, or key brand, 10s. ed. to 10s. Od. per case; do., do., Gs. Gd. to 0s, Od. per half-caso; do., other brands, 0s. Sd. to 8s. Od. per caso. Oin London old tom, best brands, 2s. 6d. to 2s. Oil. per gallon ; do. do., 14s. to 15s. por dozen. Bum East India, 20 to SO o.p., Is. Gd. to 2a. 3d. nor gallon. West India, 10 to 12 o.p., 2s. lid. do. ; do., 20 to 80 o.p., 8s. 3d. Whlskoy.-Irish, Mohan's, Sa. Od. do.; Scotch, best, Ss. Gd. to 8s. Od. do.; best brands, Es. Od. to 10s. Gd. per dozen caso. Tea.- Messrs. John Everard and Co. furnish the an- nexed report.-" Tho market, slnco our last, lias boon touch disturbed in conscquenco of tho failure of two firms who had largo transactions in this artlclo, and the pressure of some heavy parcels for realization, causing a largo decline. Tho market bos, howovor, somewhat recovered from tho low rates ruling, and the last week rather botter pricos havo been given for sorts in deo aid. Tho future course of the market depends much on tho amount coming forward, which at tho present tima is small, the quantity of tea afloat for Australia being only ono half It was at the samo timo last year ; but the next mail may bring advices of heavy thlpmotts, as it li Inown thatsovord ves- sels were chartered for Australian ports. Stocks, how ever, aro light in all. tho Australian colo- nies, and, If wo have no unduo pressure, present rates clight to continue during the season. Tbo following 'are some of tho private sales during the mouth, vii. :- | Corgc.il, j ellow leaf (Junk), at BJd. ; 500 half-choäts o' vorv low tayshan, at 7d. ; broken and diwy leaf, lOJil. ; ordlnaiy, at lljd. and Is.; broken feat ordl naiv, anti prefciablo to.ordinary, at Is Old., Is. Id., and"If. l}d. ; pood ordinary, IB. Öd. ; rathor flavoury aird», Is del. to Is. Cid.; black leaf, Is. C'el. to Is. 7/d. ; with thvroir, at la, Ed. mid Is. Od. ; old fine congou, Is. lCd. and 2s.; and a few rotuli parcela of row iccond-clnfs Uno at 2s. 2d. Wo havo not heard ef talcs of cither souchong: or pouchong dur- ing 1 ho month. Scented Caper.-ltctnil parcels, 2s. 2d. Scented Orango I'ekoc-Low chaffy and faiutlah. at Is. Id. ; Mack glazed hat, 2«. 2d. to 2s. 4d. ; and smalt r.nicels of middling Foo Chow leaf, at 2s. 4il. Tivan koy.-A j steel of true, at Oil. Hyson.-kln.-Canton make is ? lTerlng at Cd. to Od., but wo havo not hoard of any lolct. Gunpowder.-tow Canton malic, at tod. and Is., and superior mako, at la. Od. and Is. Bel. Cornimed with latt month, vo Und a docllno on low 1 avahan* ol 2d. to Sit. per lb. ; very low ordinary to' goid ordinal y Foo Chow leaf, Id. to 2d. ; and but niidclirg lo flavoury kInJB, Id. ; and a nominal declino in lijsonskin ol Id. to 2d. G he following auctions havo taken placo during tho nonth:-September !8. - Sundry old pírcela by callous ships: A few boxes of congou so d at Is Id. for common, to Is. fl|d. for good common ; KO hat- chetts of trno Twankny sold fur Od. per lb. Octobor fl. -Tho cargo of tho Ticn-Tsln, and 1,000 boxos Canton made scented pekoo: Nono wiro sold at auction, but \- afterwords the orange pekoo was disposed of, and «OHIO preferable to ordinary to flavoury congou at quotations. cctebcrl7.-3,800 packages, tbo damaged portion of the cargo per 1 ien-Tsln, sold at full rates, viz, from Is. per lb. for common, to 2s. for second class Uno congou. October 10.-lho damaged portion of tho careo of the Talle e, from Macao, sold at from 7d. to lOel. nor lb. Octoler 20.-The carero per Cedan was tried, nono sold publli ly ; several parcels Uavo, bowovcr, slnco been sold rrlvately." limber. - Tho market continues depressed, and yriccB itlll rulo low. Tho ynrda aro woll supplied, and, bl ¡end small purchases for any imrocdiu o uso, the demand is comparatively trifling. . Quotations aro as follow :-Deals, red, 11 x a, OJd., Otx 3, 41d. ; white, 11x8, 5}d., Ox», 4d. per foot; T. and O. whito pine, lin., £7 fis. to £7 10s.'; »belvine;, £0 10s, to £10 ; clear pine, lln. to 4ln" £11 to £13 ; T. and G. Scotch, Ox IS ve bite. Ils. to 12s., do. red, 14s. ; do., $ w bite, 0a. Cd., ä Da., j 7s. ; weatherboards, 4-cut, white, Se. Tobacco.-Tlio arrivals havo boon of considerable extent ; by auction sovoial parcel» of somo magnitude haie been placed, but in como instances being sold -willi a'l faults, and, when sound, being mostly of mi- tta ¡cr character, tho prices procured afford no roluib'o quotation. 1 cally fino tobaccocs »re scarco and would bring full prices, vhllo the largo supplies of low-class sorts cannot be concctly quoted :-13arrott's twist ia reported as worth 3s. to 3s. 6d. ; other good brands, is Cd. to 2s. fid. ; tens, Is. 2d. to 2s. 3d, ; half pounds aromatic, 2s. to 3s. Gd. por lb. In bond ¡ Ma- nilla, No. 2, £4 to £4 Cs. ; Swiss, £2 Ss. per 1,000 ; but klecks aie out of first bands. Wines havo at last shown sumo amendment. Pur- chases of good sound ports and sherrl.s havo boen lather frcoly made, at, wc aro informed, full rates. Light summer -nines nie also boanning to be Inquired for. but we hear of no a iles ot sulllclent extent to influence piiccs. _ MELBOURNE MARKETS. MONDAY, OCT. 24. Tim Mills.-Tho town trado is reported as some- what slack, tho trado still continuing to purchase to tho extent of actual requirements only. For tho country tho dtniond has, however, boen bilsk, and is still increasing. 1 rices bnvo a better tono, and qu > tatlonsrulo as follow:-Best sllk-droäsed flour, £2? to £20 per 2,0001b. ; bran, Is. öd. ; pollard, 2s. per bushel. i ~K-: » DETAIL MARKETS.-Butchers' Ment.-Beef, id. to 0}d. per lb. ; mutton, Sid. to fid. do. ; real, 7el. to Sd. do. ; poik, 7d. to 9d. do.-all according to quality. Poultry--Fowls, Cs. to 7s. per pair; geese, l'2s. to 15s. do. ; ducks, (Is. to tis. do. ; turkeys, 23s. to 12«. do. ; cheese, 8d. to lOd. per lb. ; egas, Is. 3d. to Is. Od. per dozen ; buttor, fresh, Od. to IB por lb. ; breed, Od. to lid. tho 41b. loar; milk, Cd. to 7(1. per quart. In the suburbs good corned beef can bo pul chased for 2Jel. to Sd. per lb., and fore-quarto-s of mutton for 3d. per lb. Wool, Esroi'.T.-Messrs. H. Goldsbrough and Co. fumlih tlio following report :-" Wool.-Tlio colonial ialcs opened cn the 10th Inst., and np to tho present dcto thrco have been hold, tho total quantity cata- logued being 2,031 bales. Tlio nttendanco of buyers his been largo, and biddings animated, the prices offered showing an advanco over tile corresponding period of lost season of fully Id. per pound. Even these rates do not como up to the expectations of soveral of tho owners ; consequently a cunildorable portion of tho lots offered havo been bought in or w ithdrawn, tho actual quantity sold being less than 700 laics, lilis disposition to ask oxcesslvoly high rates is now, howover, modlflod to a certain extent, and as many of the largest growers havo ad- vised us of tbeir intention to rcalUo here lather than undertake the risks and uncertainties attendent on i hipme-nt, wo look forward to a large ' amount of business being transacted, as tho Benson be- comes moro advanced. Tlio condition of the clip so far as the washed wools aro concerned, is fully equal to that of last year, and In some instances supulor, tho w eather at shearing timo having been more favour- able. The unwashed lots ate not as a rulo so light in ' weight ; In fact, this could scarcely bo expected, tho long continuance of wot weather in tho winter and tpilnp; of 1EÖ8 being almost unprecedented. The growth of tho clip will in ninny cases boar favourable cemparison with that of last season, but, generally speaking, it is shorter in the staple, tho sheep having been shorn fully a month earlier. It ia in other respects thoroufjhlyhcaltby and sound, butgrass seedsandburrs are noticeable, and moro especially in the northern clips. Tlio following aroabouttlierulingquotations, and It will bo noted that all classes of wool show an advanco on tho rates of last year:-Pilcos Currone. Greasy-lnfcilor to ordinary, Sd. to lOd. ; ordinary to aicroge, lOd. to lid. ; good to superior, lid. to Is. lid. Fleece-lnfcilor to ordinary, Is. Id. to Is. Cd. ; ordinary to avorago. Is. 7d. to Is. 9d. ; good to superior, Is. lOd. to 2s. Old. t'eoured- erdlnary, la. Sd, to Is. Sd. ; good, 1.«. Od. to Is. lid. ; superior, 2i. Id. to 2s. del. Tho following ships havo cloarcd for liigland since our last sutuuiary :-Sept. 30.-Essox, for London, 1,013 bales. Oct. 22_Monarch, for London, l.tffiO bales. 2,123 tales. Previous sblc ments, 110.7C1 bales. Total shipment*, October 25, lEt3, to date, cno year, 110,787 bales. Hides. During tlio month ttie market has romalned about lix taino as last reported ; say, ordinary country wot salted, Ss. to Ps. Od. ; superior c>o., lils, to 11s. ; good heavies, in shipping condition, 11s. to 18s. each. Tlio Omar PaMm and 1 Stamboul aro loading for London. Tallow.-1 hero has not boon any change In tho markot sinco our last repoit, the Improved doenand then noted having been fully maintained up to the present date. We quote bcof, £27 to £29 10s. ; mixed, £S0 to £3-2; and mutton, £32 to £34 per ten. Tho clearances are-Per Essex, 807 casks ; por Monarch, 308 casks. Total, 705 casks." Messrs. J. H. Clough end Co. report :-" Wool.-The lint auction sales of the present wool season have been held elm ing the week. On Wednesday, Thurs- day, and Friday, tho number of bales catalogued was 2,031, out of which 720 woro sold, the remainder Icing w.thdrawn or bought in, either in tho ab- sence of définit o instructions of owners as to re- ta vis, or because the expectations of growers were in advanco of the point at which, at ko early a period cf tho season, buyers teemed inclined to meet thoai. The paicels which wero eolel roillsod aor>d prices, greasy wools fetching from OJd. to ISJd. ; scoured, from 173d. to 20]d. ; and 0110 cr two miall lots of fleece, 2ljd. per pound. Thus although, taking Into account tho character and qua- lity of tbo wools offered, prices huvo opened at from Id. to ljd. higher this season than last, it would ba idle to pretend to regard the result of tho thrco sales referred toas affording anything Uko n rollablo crite- rion of the intentif 11s ol tho trado .with respect to futuro operations. The news received by tho Madras necessarily had a tendency to make buyors cautious In their operations, although thero was at the Bamo time a decided anxiety shown by thom to tra- sact business within tho limits that thoyhad prescribed for themselves. It scorns probablo that no further auction mica will be held until after tho arrival of tho next mall, and hy that timo wo anticípate that growers und bujers will havo como to n mutual understanding which will result in a season advantageous to all con- cerned. Of tho wool which has already como to hand we oie happy to bo in a position to speak favourably. .Ita ceneiltlon oi.el quality aro quito up to tho consign- ments of former 3 cain. On this point, how-over, wo shall bo ablo. to speak more decidedly by next nail, when larger quantities will havearrlvcd in store. The shipments which havo taien placo during tho month havo been as follow :-Wook ending Octobor 1, 210,5781b., £20,912 ; October 10 (the end of our year). 40,8481b., £3,720. Total, 301,4261b. £24,032. Add previous shipments from August 27 to Septembor 17, 1£C4, 20,112,4SGlb., £1,048,045. Total, 20,413,8021b., £1,078,277 ; as against tho shipments of the pre- vious scaion of 1S63-4, 20,130,8301b., value £1,000,202, »honing an increase in tho shipments from tills port of C,277.020lb. ; value, £304,016. Tho Essox cleared on thB EOth September with 1,018 balai of wool. Tallow is scarce in this market, and tho prices raid nry bo raid to bo slightly in advanco of last month's quota- tions. Local consumers aro obliged to paya little moro for loan and candle making purpo.es, w h litt tho rhlpr-er has difficulty in making up parcels under from fid. to Is. advance upon tho prlcos quoted at dato of our last report. Beof tallow Is worth from £28 to £32 10s., end mixed and mutton from £88 to £80 per ton. The only shipment of the month has been by tho Encx, on tho 30th September, 397 casks. Hides.-We cannot quote any alteration as having token place in thismoiket. Prices aro porhaps a Bhodo higher for hides of tho best quality, and In first-rato condition, whilst Inferior and out of condition parcels aro difficult to jiluco, ixcept at a very low figure. Forcountry wet salted, of good weight and condition, wo may quote at from 10s. to 14s. Od. ¡for medium, from 7s. to Os. ; and for Inferior, out of condition, 2s 0d. to us. each. There has been no shipment of hides during tho post month." LivB STCCK.-Messrs. Dalmahoy Campbell and Co. report :-"Fat Cattle.-The number yarded last wook amounted to 623 head, nearly tho wholo of which wero of good to primo quality. This number proved quito equal to the present limited demand, and, nltlicujib tbo first day's sales woro nearly equal to tbofe of last week, a reduction of fully 15s. per head had to be accepted towards the closo. Wequoto primo pens bullocks at from £10 to £11 10s. ; good do., from £S 10s. to £0 10s. ; second quality do., from £0 10s. to £8 ; inferior do., from £A 10s to £5 10s. ; primo cows, moderate weights, from £7 to £8; second quality do., from £5 6s. to £6; inferior do., frcm £3 to £4. Wo havo sold for Mr. W. Robert- son, Colac, 142 head; tlio bullocks brought from £010s. to £1110s., averaging £717s. ; cows, from £5 to £0, averaging £S 12s. ; also, outsklo, for Messrs. Nankivell and Calvert. 220 head, at £0 per head for cows and bullocks. Total, £02 head. Fat Calvos.-Only KO head carno to hand ; aomo superior quality brought 05s. ; good do., from 40s. to 50s. ; second do., from 30s. to 35s ; Inferior do., from lGs. upwards. Fat Sheep.-Tlio number offered amounted to 8,413 ; only about 7,000 of these were fat; the balance belog stores, were sold to graziers. About one-third of tbo supp'y was shorn. Owing to tho limited number offered last week, tbo butchers had very little stock on hand ; there was alargo attendance of buyers on Monday. In the early part or the day, about lost week's prices wero obtained, Lut towards the close of tho market, how- ever, frcm Gd. to Is. less had to bo occeptod. Wo quoto primo extra-weight wethers in the wool, at from 20s. to22». Od. ; do., medium weights, at from IS*, to 10s, ; second quality do.,- from 15s. to 17i. Od. 'i be stem told at from Ils. f d. to 12s. Od. ; primo cxtrn- wolilit wethers, shorn, at from 15s. to 10s. ; good do., from 12s. to 14B.; second quality do., US. We havo lo'd for Mr. Henry Darlot,1 Bundumblah, 2,1£3 head-the wethers, atfrom 17?. to 17B. Od. ; tho ewes, at 14f. -Alto, a fow extra-weight wethers from Tullamarine, at from Sus. to 22«. Od; Fat Lambs. ïho "supply amounted to 1,118. This number bolng equal to and not in oxcess of requirements, the «linio viere moved off at very satisfactory rates. Wo quote primo quality st from 13s. to 16s. ; gcou do., from 10s. to 12s. ; second to ii ferlor do., from 7s. to Os. - Wo havo sold for Mr. B. Monia 00, at from 14s. lOd. to 15». ; and from Mr. E. Dowlb g 02. at 10s. Gd. Storo Etock -For cattlo the demand still continues quite inadequato to meet requ r. ments of tbo numerous buyers now in the nurkct. Holders might rely on fully lato quotation! for gocd lots. In sheep, inquiries aro numorons for jour g ewes in I-'ow South Wales, and wo still expect a largo »mount or business as hoon ns our constituents have their flocks ready for inspection. There is also a fair don and for wethers, good ages, but not many such offering." Litóme MAUKRT.-Thoro has been a somewhat ¡ni pr< tod demand f r st.ino classes of labour during tho week, lut the still unsettled wrath cr provenu any generally amended inquiry. ilarrloJ couples for the country' have been moro readily cngagod, and shearers and dnirjmen havo been in rather bettor request, but for ploughmen, general farm servants, stock and station hands, hay makers, &c;, the Inquiry continue» tory limited ; for male domestics tlicro is still, com puintlvely, no demand. Thoroughly competent female teronis having rcspoctablo refer unces aro wanted, and readily find situations ; but young women unused to housih Id werk, and suited only for firms or stations, aro Inrgely ovcrsupplled, and havo difficulty in ohtalnlnur Mtuatlous, Tho rates of wages have a rather eoeler tendency, and rulo about as follows: Farmlngmon, 12s. to 16s. ; grooms, 12s. to 15s. ; eoach men,36s. to 20s. per week jsnoopshoarcrs, 16s, porlOO; hutkecpers, £26 to £¿8 ; shepherds, £30 to £40 per niinum, all with rations added; men cooks, 2.'s. to 40s. per week ; female cooles, £35 to £10 ; laundresses, £30 ; housemaids, £!5 ; general servants, £20 to £30 per annum : nurses, £30 ; nurse-girl«, 6s. to Gs. per week ; man led couples, £55 to £0) per annum. EXPORTS From the Port of Molbourno from tho 17th Sertxmher to tho 15th Octoher, 1804, com- pared with tho corresponding period of 1SC3. Values. Quantities. Agricultural Im- plements Alkali-Soda, tons Apparol and Elope Aiitimonj ore,tons Arms and ammu- nition .. Arrowroot, lb. .. Bags and sacks .. Beer Bottled, gals. .. DraugH, do. .. Biscuit, tens Black sand,tons.. Blankets and wool lons Bones, tons Books Boots and shoes.. Bran, bushels Bricks, Ko. Erushwcre Building materials Butter, tons Candles, do. Canias .. Carpeting.. Can faces, carts, La. Casks, empty Cement, tons .. Cheese, do. Ctioory Chlnaivaro Coals, tona Cocoa and choco late, lb. Coffee ronfeetionery .. Copper, lons Coppeiv.aro Cordage, tons .. Corks Cottons Cutlery .. Drapery .. Drugs Druegisu,' wero. Earthenware Eegi Fancy goods Tilt .. '. Fish Salted, tons . Preserved nour, tons Fruit Dried .. Green, bushels. rurniture Glass Bottles.. Plato .. W indow Glassware.. Glue, cwt. Gold, ounces Grain Beans & pens, bushels W heat, bushels dam, tons Malic, bushels.. 1' alt, do. t .. Oats, do. Bice, tons Grindery .. Gtm Guano, tons Haberdashery .. nair, CM t. Hardware and ironmongery .. Hats and capB .. Hav.tons.. Hides, No. Hollow aro Hops Horns and hoof» HoBlory Houses Indiarubbcr goods In stmmen te Musical.. Scientific Iron, tons Jewellery.. Lead, tens Li rd ore, do. Leather, do. Leather»are I Imo, bushels Linen ,. Livestock Cattle, Ko. Horses, do. Sheep, do. Coats, do. Dogs, do. Poultry.. Maclilnory Mai bio .. Matches and vestas Mats and rugs Mool- ee rn, tons Oat, do.. Mlllliiory .. MlEcellonecus Molasses .. Kails and screws, tons Kets Nuts Oars (ildoth .. Oils, gals. Oilmen's Btoros .. Cnlcn', tels Opium Paints Paintings and en gravlngs .. Papcrhangings .. Pcrfumory Photographia goods Pitch ard tar .. Pi| cs, tobacco .. Plants and seeds.. Plato and plated ware Plumbers' ware .. Potatoes, tens .. Présenes.. Pi intlng materials Provisions Presen ed Salted, tons lags, tons Ballway materials )? cMn Saddlery .. Sago, lu. .. Salt, tons.. Shipcbandlery .. Slates, No.. Silks Skins Soap,tons Specie, gold '.. Specimens of natu- ral history Spelter, tons Spices Spirits Brandy Cordials Gin .. Of wine.. Perfumed Bum .. Whiskey UndcEcribcd .. Starch and bino .. Stationery Steel, tons Stoneware Sugar .. Tallow, teca Tea Tents and paulina.. Timber .. Tin. Timrnro .. Tobacco .. Cigirs .. Snuff .. Tobacconists» ware Tools and utensils Toys and turnery TurpcnttEO and varnish, gala. T»ir.o and thread Vinegar, gala. Watties k clocks Wino Wcodctiwara Woul,lb. .. Zinc, tons.. 0,140 3,730 1,801 10 2,723 1,173 1,143 1,710 033 3,379 11,031 1,007 3,632 7,001 7,181 1,030 2,687 1,436 2,134 007 4,1311 8C21 52,448 4,537 1,430 6,170 "2,405 803 5,204 604,040 8,414 j 11,102 1,802 2,024 10.620 185 1,623 10,270! 2,000 8,038 13,030 5,375 3.4SS 3,662 2,132 2,181 8,1751 4,071 2,039 3,780 1,710 0,209 007 400 ISO 1,020 6,800 SO 21 14' 1,782 410 4,750 200 1,100 105 235 1,716 .21 145 6,050 1,115 378 280 40 020 2S2 207 101 82,505 2,420 8 227 416 2,205 O10 70 1,170 487,502 2,350 32 3,! 450 800 13,007 73 130 204 2U0 2,529 160 3,005 2,023 4,746 1,084 4,280l 2,0051 rs 5,3311 8,850 21,81 2,6001 7.8SS 81,750 1,008 3,310 2,231 4,505 1,314 125,076 31.0Í2 tar 8,573 2,010 1,050 81,776 12,818 47 2,330 246 8,008 897 270 21,01 6,747 20,378 878 0,801 20,161 3,8(21 1,030 2,622, 121.4ÔÎ 61 19.19Í 147 1.70Î 20,801 1,235 10,401 150 3,634 C56 305 COI 127,425 8,037 252 1,453 SO 313 160 1,018 189 2,140 105 27 14,021 4,682 11,281 2,769 3 lol 18,707 4,717 242 7,463 sooi 37,613 24,032 431,9f0 8,4161 6,000 16,020 600 301,426 Printed and published hy Hoon GBOEas, at Tu« ABot'S Offlco, Collins street, Melbourno, for Wtuso* sr J MACKI.TKO», proprietors. 