SUMMARY. The English mail has arrived at Adelaide. The great item in the news, about which the chief anxiety was felt is that Great Britain is not at war. There is war in Europe, but our country men are for the present out of it, and it is ta be hoped they will be able to keep bo. The Schleswig-Holstein question, after endless diplo matic bickerings, has been referred to the arbi trament of the sword. The Germanic army has advanced, and though in one place the Danes made a good stand, they have been repulsed and pursued. The Danish frontier has been pushed back, and the Danes have been jammed into a corner. They are patriotic and indignant, and sliU, though at bay, offer a fierce resistance. But they are hopelessly outnumbered, and unless helped must yield. Great Britain is still trying to eetUe the dispute by a congress, and there is a prospect of the congress being held, but war meantime goes on. The chief hope of the Danes is in a general European war, which shall give Prussia and Austria other matters to think about. Italy and Hungary are very unquiet, and Prussian and Austrian Poland might make common cause with Russian Poland, and France might take the opportunity of pushing for the Rbine frontier. The 'German Powers, of course, are anxious to [prevent this, and are striving to keep the war localised, but it may -prove more than they can manage, espe cially as there are strong interests pulling the other way. It is said that the Imperial Guard of France is ordered to hold itself in readiness to march towards the Rhine, and it is known that KoEBUiir and GA.niBA.i-nr are busy. Moreover, there is so much grumbling in France at the Emperor's Government, that a foreign war, a little glory, and a fresh annexation of territoiy, would be a good stroke of policy. In America the war still continues with a balance of success on the Confederate side. An attempt by General Butlf.k to take Richmond by a coup tic main had failed, and the expedition itself Lad been captured. LoNGsrnEM had successfully defeated the Federals at Knoxville, in East Tennessee ; and if they had not lost their hold of it, its pos session was endangered by the Confederate occupation of the mountain passes in their rear. The town of Corinth had also been recaptured by the Confederates, as well as an island in the Mississippi, and Fort Pillow on its banks. These operations, however, are of slight moment compared with what is to come. Both parties are girding themselves for the final struggle. In the South there is a conscription rn massr of all able-bodied men ; and in the North there is a levy of 300,000 men. Vast armies will be afoot in the spring, and there will be some fiercely contested and bloody battles. What the end will be cannot be at present foreseen. A faih amount of progress has been made with the Estimates, and there has not been much obstruction this week. Some few reduc tions have been made, but the great economy has consisted in knocking off the immigration vote of £80,000, the Government explaining that it had £65,000 still on hand, which would be as much as would be spent during the year. Dr. Lakg took the opportunity of complaining of the present system, and of eulogising the land order system of Queensland, under the operation of which, he said, the northern colony had trebled its population, while ours had remained stationary. But Mr. Rouebtson took the opposite view. He condemned assisted immigration generally, but especially the Queensland system, the operation of which would some day be exposed. So, as the learned doctors differ, the patient had better prescribe for himself. The quarttrly revenue returns have been pub lished, and the usual tabular statement will be found on another page. It is not a very en couraging document. Just at present, when the Treasury is nearly empty, and the consoli dated revenue account at the bank is overdrawn, it would be pleasant to hear that the public income was looking up. But, on the contrary, we find that it is falling, and with no imme diate prospect of its picking up to its o\d standard. The three great items of Customs, gold, and land, all show a smaller yield than formerly, and give evidence that the community is cot so prosperous as it was. There have been a succession of disappointments and disasters, the effects of which are making themselves felt. There is no reason fer despondency on this account. The resources of the colony are vast, better times will come round, and affairs will once more wear a lively aspect. But at present things are undeniably dull, and the Treasurer feels it as inconveniently as any body else. On taking office he made a reduced estimate of (he year's revenue below the scale of Messrs. Weekes and Smatit, but to all ap pearance even that reduced estimate will not be realised. Yet it is not easy to carry out reduc tion further than has been already attempted. The Ministry have found themsekes beset with difficulties wherever they have applied the scissors, and some of their projected clippings the Assembly would not approve of. The greater portion of the Estimates, too, have been passed, and further economies to any great extent are almost impossible. Therefore, if the expenditure is to stand at Us fixed amount, and the revenue floes not come up to its expected standard, there will be a fresh deficit accu xnulated by the end of this year, and so (ta from being able to piiy off anything of our existing arrears we shall go further to the bad. .-. The prospect of this makes it all the more ? lamentable that the session closes with out any new provision for fresh -. revenue. The fault . of this lies «ertainly with the Ministry. If they had not ,' blundered into the arms of the protectionists ? -they might have revised the tariff as far as it '?I ' .will' admit of judicious revision, and added some* thing more in the way of direct taxation. Tjhe Parliament and the public were quite in the mood to submit to fresh taxation, the necessity of it being evident to all but the thick and thin adherents of the late Ministry, who have throughout persistently denied that there was any financial difficulty at all except in Mr. Eagab's brain. The difficulty, however, is likely enough to make itself apparent to every body before long. A ruDtic meeting was held in Sydney to discuts the necctsily for the formation of a night refuge for the houseless poor. There were some opinions expressed unfavourable to the proposal. It was said that the institution would act as an encouragement to mendicancy and vagrancy by giving shelter at night to those who got a living by day by prowling about begging or thieving. But this objection was got rid of by explaining that every inmate's name would be taken down, and that regular tramps would not be admitted, while the hopelessly ill or incapable would be forwarded to the Infirmary, or the Benevolent Asylum. It was resolved that the institution should be established, and a committee was formed to carry out the pre liminaries. Some discussion took place as to the propriety of having religious worship night and morning with the inmates, but however desirable this might be in itself, it is imprac ticable where persons of all creeds are jumbled together. The place will be open to zealous persons who may wish to visit and read to those who are willing to receive their religious counsel, but a general religious service for all would be sure to run foul of somebody's religious scruples. All that the institution proposes to do is to give a night's shelter and a meal to those who are hungry and houseless. It appears that there are dozens who lie about Sydney at night, too poor to hire a bed. They are people who are out of work, or who have arrived penni less from the country. The night refuge will meet their immediate physical necessities, and give them time to look about them. There arc institutions of this kind in London, and they have proved very useful. There is room for one in Sydney, and it is to be hoped that it will prove equally useful. Dr. Douglass has been the prime mover in organising the institution here, and if his efforts are worthily seconded by the charitable public, great good may result. The adjourned meeting on behalf of the dis Iressed agriculturists was held on Monday, the Speaker of the Assembly taking the chair. The attendance was IIud, and the movement does not at present appear to be sustained by the requisite enthusiasm. A committee, how ever, was formed, embracing a large number of members of Parliament, and the country will be canvassed for subscriptions. There were gentlemen present who vouched for the distress in the Camden and Hunter districts. It was admitted that in a few cases the distribution of seed wheat had been abused by persons appropriating part of it as food. But it was urged that the many should not be made to suffer for the few, and that unless the distress were relieved it would be impossible for the farms to be tilled, and there would be a short crop again next year. Nothing definite has been ascertained as to the extent of the distress in other parts of the colony, but the people of Shoalhaven have put in their plea, and Mr. Fobsteu has promised that there shall be no local favouritism, but that all should share alike in whatever was done by the Government. It is not yet de cided, however, what the Government is going' to do, or whether it is going to do anything. A new temperance movement has been organised in Sydney for the purpose of agitating in favour of what is called a Permissive Liquor Law. The phrase is not a very distinct one, but the meaning is that every district should decide for itself whether it would adopt the Maine Liquor Law, and dispense with public houses. A public meeting waB held in the Temperance Hall, on Wednesday evening, to petition the Legislature on the subject, and there are many who are not in favour of adopt ing a law for the whole colony, who are yet in favour of letting the ratepayers of each town or district settle the matter for themselves. The fuller accounts that have come down respecting the floods in the north-west, quite Eustain the gloominess of all the earlier intel ligence. No euch deluge of water has been known Eince the country has been settled by white men. The plains have been covered for miles, tbe overflow from adjacent rivers having met. Till the waters have subsided the extent of the damage cannot be fully known. There is little or no agriculture in those parts, so that there will not be distress among that class of settlers, but there have been large losses of ' stock, and several persons belonging to the working classes have had their little all wtshed away or destined. At Gunnedah there has been a public meeting to petition the Legislature for relief. In the western part of Queensland the floods also appear to have been very heavy. The Hunter has not been flooded this year to the same extent ?.s in previous years, nor has the Hawkesbury ; for although plenty of rain has fallen in the southern half of the colony, it has not all come at once. It is to the northward of the Liverpool range, and to the westward of the main range that the greatest discharge of rain would 6eem to have taken place. Owing to the level nature of the country in the north-west, it will take some time for the surplus waters to run off. The wet weather seems to be over at last, and fine weather has set in. A Snake in ajS Auction Boob.— It is something unusual to find b snake in an auction room i but never theless a specimen of the carpet variety was discovered in Messrs. Chatto and Co.'s Mart, on Tuesday after noon. The singularity of the circumttence* may make it worth notice. Oa that afternoon Mr. Chatto, j un., who had been sitting near some biles of drapery in the auction room, left, the premises and waB going up Georce- Btreet, when he fancied that aoine one had struck him on his back. He, however, saw noons behind him from whom the blow could come, and as the press uie was repeated he retraced his rtepi to the aacfioB-room. On taking off hiicoat a cwpet.sn«ke fell from hia back to the floor, and no ioubt it was the embrace of thUanguineous reptile that hadcMiiedhim iome little uneasiness, Tke wake wa» kjlled with a tomahawk, 