SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1864. Once more we are compelled to return to the caso of Mr Urquhart, his diseased sheep, and his dishonoured cheques. We cannot doubt of the thorough respectability of this Ministry -of the incorruptibility of the Attorney General, of the mingled wisdom and pro- bity of all his acts. Yet, when so great a scandal as this attaches to these honour- able men, it is right at least that wo should have some reply or explanation. The charges have not been made vaguely or in the dark. The story is pretty well ventilated, not only along the Murray border, but down the commercial side of Collins-street. That story is, that Mr. Urquhart, having been fined some ¿1,200 -by ' a bench of magis trates for keeping scabby sheep on his run without a licence, has escaped scot-ftee through the interven- tion of his friends in tho Ministry. This at least is admitted, that Mr. Urquhart paid his fine in'two cheques, that the cheques were dishonoured on presentation, and that the Government, having in its possession the full par- ticulars of tho case, have taken no steps to recover payment. Considering the serious nature of the offence with which Mr. Urquhart waa charged-the amount of injury he has inflicted on his neighbours-the obstacles which he has thrown in the way of justice -we might have supposed that, if thero was any case requiring to be dealt with rigorously, it would be the case of Mr. Urquhart. There is not one singlo feature in it which entitles the defen- dant to the extraordinary amount of clemency ho seems to have received at the hands of the Ministry ; and we may be sure that, if Mr. Urquhart liad been a small cockatoo settler, instead of a large squatter, having what Mr. M'Culloch calls "important transac " tions" in the city, he would have been treated very differently. As to the facts of the case, it is need- less to recapitulate them-first, be- cause they are already tolerably familiar to our readers, and, in the next, because they do not really bear upon the present question, which is between the public and the Government. The bench of magistrates at Cowana, on the 23rd of July, 1863, upon the information of Mr. Scab-Inspector Sheridan, and after a full investigation, fined Mr. Urquhart in two sums of .£765 9s. and ¿468 12s., for keeping scabby sheep on his run without a licence. The fine, up to tbis day, has not been paid; and the Government has refused to en- force it. What the public have a right to know is, why so notorious an offender has been treated with this pecu- liar leniency. According to Mr. Urqu- harts own statement, the fines have been remitted to him because the cheques, which he afterwards dis- honoured, were given, not in lieu of pay- ment, but as security that he would prosecute the appeal. Is this the trae reason, or is it not ? How much of Mr. Urquhart's state- ment is his own defence, and how much is an apology for the Governmenl is not very clear ; but from a question put to the bench of magistrates al Cowana, on the 29th of April, in ar official letter from the Attorney-General we may congratulate Mr. Higinbo tham upon being the inventor of thii ingenious plea of the cheques being given as security. It is immaterial te note that some of the magistrates seen to favour this notion by writing, ii reply to the Attorney-General, that th< cheques were given by Mr. Urquhart " in lieu of the secuiity to prosecuti " his appeals, and were not given ii " payment of the penalties imposet " by the Bench ;" seeing, first, tha it is proved by the Cowana Cour letter-book that "the Bench had ac " cepted the cheques in lieu of cash " which was here unobtainable," whicl was known to the Attorney-General a the time ; and, secondly, that the magia trates distinctly report that they wer compelled to refuse to state a case upo: which Mr. Urquhart rn'gUt appea1 because there was no security. Undo any circumstances, the notion of a chequ being received as " security" is absurd The cheque either meant money, or i meant nothing. If it meant nothing, i could not be taken as security. If i was money, why has not the money beei recovered ? The perplexity is one which almos suggests the idea of having been pui posely created to cover the very extraoi dinary act of clemency in which th Ministry have indulged. We must re call to our readers' memory the fact, tha no mquiries whatever were instituted i: the matter until the 29th of April, 186J the fines having been inflicted some nin months before. How comes it that th queries put by the Attorney.General t the magistrates were so long in the fran ing 1 Why were not proceedings taken n once, upon the dishonour of the chequei as they would have been in any ordinär case 1 Mr. Urquhart had deprive himself of the usual redress, simply b( cause he did not honour his cheques and had he been desirous of trying th case again before a higher tribunal, h had only to make that a tangible si curity which was but waste paper. ] is monBtrous that a plea should be si up on his behalf, on the part ( the Government itself, that the chequi themselves were secuiity, and not paj ment. And even if it were so, would still not affect the question ¡ between the Government and thepubli Was or was not Mr. Urquhart fouu guilty of a certain offence 1 Was < was not ho fined for it 1 If fined, I what right has the authority of ti Executive been interposed between ti offender and the magistrates 1 Are m the courts of justice accessible to M Urquhart as to any ordinary floe] master 1 Even though, by dishonourir his cheques, he has lost the opportunity appeal according to the prescribed fort the fault was his own ; nor is he entire without remedy. He can still carry ti case into the higher court if he please He has no wrong to complain of f which thero is not a remedy provide And why should the Government step i in defiance of all sense of right ai of decency, to befriend Mr. Ubquhap and to take the great scab-propriet under its especial favour, So long ago as October and Novemb last, the cheques were given over by t' magistrates into the keeping of the A torney-General They were returned the magistrates in February of this yei with an intimation that the Bench its< ought to take proceedings. The Beni not liking the responsibility, once mc surrendered the cheques to the Govei ment. The Government has been possession of the cheques since ti time, and the only action it has tak is to write once more to the magistrat putting a number of queries, whi really had nothing to do with the matt Now, it clearly is the duty of the I torney-Gcneral to take proceedir against Mr. Urquhart, without any ferenco whatever to the circumstam underwliich the cheques were received. certainpenally hadbeeninflicted,ina legal manner. The penalty has not been paid ; and the Government has had in its power any day these ten or twelve months, to recover the amount. As for the merits of the case, we contend that they are not involved in the question now be- tween the Government and the public. If Mr. Urquhart is aggrieved-if the case against him has not been fairly decided, it is for him to look for his remedy. He has debarred himself from the usual course of appeal by having dishonoured his cheques. What we pro- test against is, that the Government should shield him by an act of preroga- tive-a grace that would not be extended to any ordinary offender, and which, cer- tainly, Mr. Urquhart has done nothing to deserve. The celebration of the anniversary of the enrolment of old England's civic soldiery by the great July rifle meeting on Wimbledon Common, has institu- tional marks on it not more inte- resting to our patriotic motherland than to ourselves, to whom a nation's cheap defence may yet become a ques- tion of moment. The display of the Enghsh Volunteer force at Wimbledon in July may have lacked the novelty and the more imposing numbers at the great Hyde-park review of 18C0 ; but better far, it proves by striking facts that the volunteer movement was not the political demonstration of an hour or a holiday pastime, but is taking sure root as a national in- stitution. Very gratifying and ample the reward for those who, through long years of apathy and ridicule, pointed to a sure and easy way of making the white cliffs of Albion safe from the perils of foreign invasion. It does not detract from this manifes- tation of sound English common sense that these citizen soldiers took the field in an hour of popular panic not alto- gether creditable to the political sagacity and courage of Mr. John Bum,. Panics and manias alternate frequently to dis- turb the natural ease of that worshipful personage, perhaps serving, like a good rattling thunderstorm in a Dutch coun- try, to clear away vapours. That Eng- land's sea-girt heights were not scaled by red-legged myriads and the Mansion house converted into a French prefecture before the volunteers got into inarching older, is no fault of Mr. Bull. Never did he display more marvellous industry than in inviting invasion, had the silent and mysterious resident of the Tuile- ries been so disposed. " Boney " the Big was the bogey that frightened the small children of our grandfathers ; Boney the less frightens, or did (for charity says that Hyde-park prevented all), the full- grown children of another gene- ration. Instead of red inexpressibles, France sent cheap claret and champagne. England, nevertheless, has now got her well- drilled army of volunteer soldiers, fit for any field, who will spare the timid sleepless nights and direful days of apprehension. In the zeal, the discipline, and the efficiency of this fine national force, we shall soon forget, or perhaps even be thankful, that the invasion panic absurdities gave birth to this valuable institu- tion. But the invasion din could not silence the prophets of ill who flutter around every new thing. All sorts of pre- dictions wèrê put forth by the professors of doubt. They admired, still they doubted. Free-born Britons would never stand the drudgery CÎ the goose step ; in short, the volunteer movement was to have a term of existence barely ex- ceeding the gloss of the first uniforms. The step anser was got over with ease and willingness; grey-beards paced it with the alacrity of beardlessness. In the bitter blasts of spring, and the hardly less chilly damps of recent English summer, might be seen young and old, rich and poor, with rifle on shoulder, hurrying along the streets and highways at the close of business hours to drill, with the regularity of regular soldiers, till they have ripened in less than the time given to a lino re- cruit, into soldiers fit to muster with any martinet's regiment in the service. This is the frank admission of veteran officers, not prone to compliment or to admiration of a volunteer army in the abstract. Even with the warmest friends of the movement, in the outset, this was supposed to be a weak point, and many professional coun- sels went forth, that the volunteers should only be taught the simplest and indispensable parts of military drill j but l'ke men and soldiers, they have thought if a thing is worth doing it is worth doing well. The military gait, steadi- ness, and precision in movement dis- played by the volunteers mi^ht surprise, did we not reflect that if the clodhopper by constant keeping at it can be in a shoit time transformed for a shilling a day into a smart soldier, how much easier for men of education and intelligence, with patriotism and heart in their work, to acquire the rudi- ments of the soldiers' work. The croakers predicted that the volun- teers would be sick of drill before six months were over. The months have multiplied considerably, and the reports bear one testimony that the volunteers keep to their work with the regularity of paid regulars. Much of this is due to the excellent way in which the English regiments are commanded. Two namc3 stand prominent in this respect-Lord Ranelagh, of the South Middlesex (one of the first corps in the field as it is in effi- ciency), who devotes to it all his time and energies ; and Lord Elcho, the commander of the London Scottish Rifles, a remarkably fine regiment. Granting that in time the first volun- teers may get a little tired, and become less regular in their attendances, the force will never lack re- cruits to take their places. The judicious step early taken of intro- ducing regular military drill into the principal schools throughout the country, will yield a steady supply of zealous, active, and well-trained youths to fill up the gaps of the greybeards. Besides this, the present tendencies of the movement are in a popular direction, to enlist the services of men in the artisan classes,who have hitherto taken comparatively little active pait in it. Considering all these points, there is very little room for doubt that the volunteer army is now a perma- nent English institution, available at any moment for the defence of the countiy, in the remote contingency of an invasion, and peihaps destined to lessen the heavy costs England has to bear for her armaments. Independently of the military aspects of the question, much might be urged in support of its social advantages. Perhaps the best testimony and illustration that could be offered are the complaints of unpatriotic Bonifaces of diminished con- sumption of beer and blue ruin. The doctors, too, will very likely grumble, if one may judge from the numberless pale faces which have become ruddy through the good wholesome exercise of drill and early hours Good fellowship ig promoted, guarded by long evening drills norn many of its temptations; and better still for the citizens of a free country, a public spirit is acquired by very many who, in the earlier years of life might otherwise hardly be engaged in the discharge of active public duties. Like the exercise of electoral and municipal rights, this citizen soldiership has there- fore a positive educational value. The splendid weapon with which the volunteers havo been wisely armed, affords one of the best reasons for be- lieving in the permanence of the insti- tution. A tolerably good eye, a steady hand, temper, temperance, patience, and perseverance, and any one who will go through the system of musketry instruc- tion-albeit he never smelt gunpowder in his life-may become a crack shot, Queen's prizeman, and champion of England. Emu'ation in a most ex- citing sport will keep together men united by public duty, who, were mero drill the be all and end all of the move- ment, might speedily vote it a bore, and, as the Irish sergeant commanded, " Go " home, and disperse ' " Wisely, therefore, has the great annual metropolitan display taken the form of a shooting match, and its proportions may be judged from the fact, that thero were no fewer than 2,300 competitors for the Queen's prize this year. Rare sk'll was displayed, and such large increase in the number of the proficient as to prove how much may be acquired in a ßhort time in the use of that queen of weapons-the rifle. A few more such Wimbledon contests-and we, too, have our own very respectable Wimbledon and the enemies of Old England may look out for sharp practice when they come. Such men of mark at the long range, aided by the charges, when they come to closer quarters, of such a corps as " The Devil's Own"-as the military lawyers are politely termed by the popu- lace- would mfike unpleasant gaps in the ranks of the invader. A meeting of membeia of the Anti-trans- portation League was held at the hon. Beete taiy's office, Town-hall, yestorday afternoon. The gentlemen present were Mr. Edward vVilEon, Mr. W. M. Boll, Mr. G. S. Ling, Mr. P. Hel'er, the Bov. Dr. Oaiini, Mr. Hammill, and thohonoraiyscoretaiy, Mr. Fit^ibbon. Mr. Larjg wes called to the chair. After Eome diEcunion, a resolution submitted by Mr. Bell wes adopted, ia which the honorary Eecretaiy was authorized to write to the mayola of municipal corporations and the chairmen of local boards, requesting them to ca1! meetings at an early dato, with the view of once more petitioning the Quc:n and the Imperial Parliament against the continuance of transportation to any part of Australia. Ihc motion also suggested that the petitions should be forwarded through tho council of the League, and that the different constituen- cies should obta'n from the candidates seek- ing their suffrage?, distinct pledges that they would aid in such legislative measures as might be necessary to save the colony from the influx of Brit'sh criminal*. We of? glad to bo able to inform our readers that the saison have been safely deposited in the tank prepzi'f d for them at the Badger. Leaving Melbourne .*»t three o'clock on Wed- nesday morning, they reached their destina- tion at about half-past three» the same after- noon, and were at once placed in the tank. During the entire journey only nine fish died, and this very encouraging result Mr. Barns bottom attributes in no small degreo to the careful yet rapid manner in which the con- veyance was got over the ground by Mr. Hojt; whilst too much praise cannot be be- stowed upon Mr. Armstrong, of Yarra Flats, aá M*. Green, of the Blacks' Station, for the vrnwearying assistance they rendered to Mr. Bamsbottom in his labours. Mr. Bamsbottom has thus safely accomplished a task which a very few years ago would have been pro- nounced impossible, and which even at this time can hardly have been equalled. When the fish were removed from the tank at the ice-house, they were counted for the fiiBt time ; and it will bo with regret that our readers hear that, from the diffi cully of accurately counting such minute things, whoso flint effort, after emerging from the egg, istowiiggle themselves under the stones, only an approximate idea could b3 originally formed of their numbers, and they seem to have been a good deal over-estimated. When the preparation was made for their transmission to their new home, BOmc deaths took place, by which their numbera were still fuilher diminished. This seems to have arisen from some unwholesome deposit of the Yan Yean water accumulating during the many wcehs the little parr remained in their reBting-place, and tb's havlns L:en disturbed by the removal of the gravel necessary for the capture of the fish, appears to have been too much for thoir deli- cate organization. The number conveyed by Mr. Bamebottom to the Badger hal thus been considerably reduced ; and although it is evident that the chances of ultimata success are diminished, yet still there is every reason to hope that sufficient aro now in the Badger to secure a re- turn of some grilse from the sea. Should th's, however, not be the case, there is no oc- casion to regret the labour bestowed upon this experiment, as it has been amply proved that the greater difficulties of bringing out tbe ova, and hatching them here, have been mastered. During the whole time slnca they wero hatched, until the last proceedings were commenced, very few fish have perished. A. meeting of Mr. Wemyes Jobson'a com- mittee nominally-but, in fact, a public meeting-was held yesterday evening, at the Albion Hotel, for the purpose of hearing fur- ther explanation? of a statement alleged by Mr. Jobson to have been made to him by Mr. Ambrose Kyle-that the members of his committee were not in earnest, and were merely amusing themselves at his expense. Mr. Nash was called to tho chair, and stated that he was placed in a peculiar position that evening, in conEequence of Mr. Jobson a statements in reference to Mr. Ambrose Kyta at their last meetiDg. Mr. Jobson was, no doubt.fully preparedtostatowhat hohad dono ¡¡Ince. Mr. Jobson told that after their last meeting he had lost no time in sending tho letter which bad appeared in The Argus to Mr. Kj te, or rather he placed it In Mr. Kyte's hands himself. That gentlemau said that he would tend a note, giving proof of all that ho had stated. That note he assumed had bîen foiwardtd to tho chairman, ci ho had not received it binm-lf. Ile, however, saw Mr. K5 te about half an hour before tho meeting commenced that evenin?, and he said thf.t he had not cent any note. Thereupon, he asked Mr. K)te whether ho intended to ba present at the meeting ; and he said that ho did not, as he felt that he could not stand the roasting they would give him, and that ho would not como for a ten pound noto. They must draw their own inferences from what he now stated. If there were one or two gentlemen who were induced to hoax him, ho believed that tho great minority of his cjmmittee wero sincere. He would not inflict a speech on them that evening, but would be happy to answer any questions. Ile could not state anything more than he had doue, and Mr. Kyte must explain his own conduct. Mr. Brown Eaid that he would hu most happy to put down his £5 towards the expanses of the election, but ho thought that Mr. Jobson had no chance. He balleved him to bs an in- telligent man, but ho advised him not to stand for East Melbourne, which ¡mould bo represented by some well-known merchant and not an untried candidate. Soveral ques- tions v. ere put to Mr. Jobson in reference to his political opinions, all of which he replied to briefly, although some of them were cha racieiised hy anything but gravity on the .part of the querists. Mi. Jobson said that ho cameforwardhimBolf- was not put forward by any one, and intended to contest the elec- tion to the laßt. As to any interest he had with Mr. Kyte, there was so little sympathy between them, that whon he contemplated raising funds for this election by some dranatic readings Mr. Kyte refused to let bim have the uso of his Ealoon for £10, in- sisting on the sum being made ton guineas. HeEtcod before them entirely on his oiu moritB. Mr. Sloman moved that Mr. Jobson was a fit and proper parson to reprc3ont East Melbourne in Parliament. Aftei somo delay, the chaitman declared that the motion fel1 to the giound for want of asecondei. Mr. Jobson remarked that the chairman had been "gam .snonicg" him all night. The motion made had been cairiedat a public meeting boforo, and the chairman "need not roach hil giand mothci how to suck egg?." He could oaiily understand the whole of this manouvre. If ^ontlernen wished to indulge in chaff, he was prepared to gratify them as long as they cho3e. The chairman said that, irrespoctivo of Mr. Jobson, or fifty Mr. Jobsons, he had a duty to do. The motion was not seconded, and he had no alternative but to act as he had done. Mr. Patterson seconded the motion, which was put end carried. The meeting then broke np. Mr. Plnpp3 Turnbull elsewhere addresses the electors of tho county of Evelyn. He ad hcreB to the main features of tho Land Act of 1862, and values the auction system merely as a means of obtaiuiug a fair and relative cquhilent for tho property of the state, now pledged for a laige public debt. Mr. Bobert Bjine's address to the electors of Sandridge has just been issued, and will to found elsewhere. On the loading ques- tions of the day, Mr. Byrne is of opinion that tho Land Act of 1862 may be so amended as to give satisfaction to the country generally, and that any amended bill introduced should provide for free selection before survey, at £1 per acre over country lands, and auction foi town and suburban allotments. Ile will advocate the throwing open of lands in districts remote from the centres of popula- tion at reduced rats3, with a view to en- courage enterprising agriculturist1; in oponing np and cultivating border tracts. He be lieies that tho Legislative Council has long since outgrown the uses for which it was in- tended by the framers of our constitution, and will advooato a reduction in the quali- fication of its membirs and voters to at least -one half what they aie. Mr. G. Kirk met the electors of the Heidel- berg District of East Bourke on Friday night, at the Old England Hotel. The large room was ciowded. Mr. L. Wadeson in the chair, Mr. Kirk said it was three years since he addressed the electors of this district, and he »was proud to see so numerous a meeting, becauso it was a district in which he had had an interest for many yeara, and therefore the large meeting ho took as a porsonal com pliment to himself. He would, however, -challenge any gentleman, whether friend 01 foe, to say that ho had not falfllled every promise he had made them three yoarj a^o ?Mr. Kirk then went at length into all the leading topics of the day. In answer to quos tions, he said he believed it would ha unjasi to refuse to educato thirty-nine children be .canee the number could not be made up te forty. It waB moved by Mr. R. Fuge, secondée by Mr. Wm. Young, and unanimously re solved, " that Mr. G. Kirk ia a üt andp'ops: person to represent this district in tho Legls lative Assembly." The Minister of Lands left Melbourne yes terday, on a political \ ¡Bit to his lato consti luents in the Avoca district. Mr. P. Phelan has announced himself 1 candidate for the representation of Wea JJourkc, his friends having offered to rotnri him free of expense. Mr. Phelan represente West Bourko in the Parliament which wa dissolved in 1859. His address will be foum in our advertising columns. A deputation from M'Cullnm's Creek an Majorca, consisting of Mr. Bett3 and M -Johnson, introduced by Mr. B. G. Davie waited yesterdoy on the Chief Secretary wit a petition, signed by 223 householder?, pra] ing that M'Callum's Creek township an Majorca he proclaimed a borough, to I named Craigio. Mr. M Culloch promised ti petition would b2 gazetted on Tuesday nexi and should there be no opposition, the prayi of the petitioners would be daly granted. About thirty or forty ladies and gentlemen —amongst them His Excellency Sir Charles Darling—attended yesterday afternoon at Mr. Summers's premises, Collins street, to witness the operation of casting the Burke and Wills statue group in bronze. About two and half tons of metal were melted in a reverbera- tory furnace, and it took some six hours bring the mass into a proper state for run- ning. The casting was performed without any accident, and apparently in a very suc- cessful manner. The actual result, of course, cannot be ascertained until the work is opened out, which will not be done for about a week, as the mass will require several days to cool. Not only the design and execution of the group, but also the material of which it is composed, is furnished by Australia, the copper being from Adelaide and the tin from Beechworth. The Rev. James Ballantyne will de- liver hiß next monthly Sunday evoni lecture, in Erskine Church, Carlton, to morr evening, at half-past six o'clock. Subjed " Two worlds for mau ; how to enjoy the o; and make suro of the other." Collections in aid of tho Bigged Soho and Industrial Home will bo made iu Cb' Church, Hawthorn, to-morrow. The live stock imported into Victoria the quarter ended 30th June last, amount to 12519 cattle, 22,250 sheep, and 822 horse The treasurer of the Melbourne Ladies' : nevolent Society nqutsts us to acknowlee »the receipt of £18 3i. 7d., being amount of < lection from St. Peter's Church towards the funds of the society. The Supreme Couit will, as notified by a supplement to the GaztUe, on Monday and Tuesday the 26th und 27th days of Septem- ber inst., at the hour of ton o'clock in the forencon, hold sittings In banca, and will proceed to dispoco of the business then pond- ing and undecided. STesterday, at EastOullingwood PoliceCouii, Tbos. Saunders, charged with threatontng to tako away the life of his wife, was remanded for seven days, for medical inquiry. In two assault cases, Sarah Smilhv, John Woodrow and Jlimy Smith v. Catii. Benwell, the defendants were each fined 63., and 63. co .ts. Edward and Elizabeth Hanmer, complained against by Samuel M'Call for making ueo of obncone language in the public street, were each fined IO2., and 6s, costs. Two other case3 of a simi- lar nature were aleo dealt with. Emilo Tous- saint, summoned by William Dunston to "show cause," was Ordered to bo committed to gaol for fourteen days, in default of payment. A fine of 20a., with 2s. G j. coats, was inflicted on James Lalor, for soiling liquor on Sunday. William Conway, charged by his wife, Anne Conway, with disobeying an order of the Court made on the 9th of May lant, was ordered to find sureties, himself in one of £50, and two of £26 eaoh, for the fulfilment of the order made by tho Court for the main- tenance of his wife and children. S3veral actions for the recovery of small debts wore also disresed of. The Hon. J. P. Fawkner and Messrs. T. Cops and W., Thomas wero the magistrates on the bandi. Mrs. Hairlson, of the Cumborland Hotol, Durham Lead, committed suicide on Thurs- day afternoon, by cutting her throat. The unfortunate woman, who died almo3t imme- diately afterwards, had for sevoral days been suffering from the effects of immoderate drinking of intoxicating liquors. The treasurer of tho Melbourne Hcjplfil thankfully acknowledges the rccoipi of the following sums in aid of the funds of that in- stitution, viz. :-Mr. A. T. Mason, M IO3., being pari, of award at Police Court ; It. W. Wardill, £6 63., donation from the Atb'etic Sports Commutes. I A battalion parale of the Carlton Rifle?, together with the Melbourne and North Mel- bourne Billes, and the Metropolitan Artillery, took place on the C.irlton parade ground last evening. A'l thrca corr: were favourably represented, the artillery mustaúng four officers, four sergeants, and sixty-three rank and file, Captain Stokc3 commanding! the Holbourne and North Melbourne Riflci, three officers, five Eergesnts, and fifty-six rack and file, Lieutenant Freeman commanding ; and the'.Carlton Bides, thrco officers, four sar- geants, and 110 rank and file. The entire iorce was under the command of Cap- tain Badclifl'e, who exercised the men tho- roughly for about two hours in tho various movements of advancing and retiring in line, and by sections, forming squares, and other evolutions of battalion drill. Considerable proficiency was manifested by the Esvoral companies, tho different movements baing executed with ease and precision. The band oftheCaTlton Riflts wai in attendance, and as the weather was not altogether inaus- picious, there was a large concourse of spec! a tors, who, in their eagerness to witness the parade, occasionally found themselves, by a wheel movement of the volunteers, in uncom- fortable proximity to their array of rifles. The president of the Council of Ballarat shire, acting on the request of the public meeting held last week at tho Caroo o' Gowrie Hotel, Learmonth, on the subject of transportation, has caused a circular kttor, of which the following is a copy, to bo sent to the presidents and chairmen of el' shire councilB and road district boards throughout the colony :-" Shire Oflico, Learmonth, 13th Septembor, 1864. Sir,-1 have the honour, by direction of the president of the Council of the Shire of Ballarat, to inform you that the subject of the movemont now being made in Melbourne and elsewhere, with rc3pect to trans- portation to tho Australian colonies, has baen biought prominently under the notice of the council of this shire ; and that a public meet- ing has been called by the president of the shire council, for the purpose of taking stops to forward to the home authorities a remon- strance from the inhabitants of this shire against (he continuance of any system of trans- portation to any of the Australian colonies. I am further directed to suggest that a simul- taneous movement on the part of all shlro councils and road boards throughout the colony in forwarding similar remonstrances would tend greatly to strengthen the anti transportation cause, and to conviuc3 thehome Government that the psople of this colony aro really in earnest in what they demand. I have the honour to bs, Sir, your ob:dient Bervant, J. H. Mather, Sjcretary of the Shire of Ballarat." A general meeting of members of the Essendon and Flemington Cricket Club waa held, on Thursday evening, at the School- room, Moonee Ponds. Dr. Twecddale, presi- dent of the club, occupied the chair ; and, although the weataer wes unpropltious, there was a large attsndanco. The meeting wai convened for the puipo30 of airanglng preli- minaries for tho ensuing season, and for re- vising several of the club regulations. The subscription for the season was fixed at 10,3., and between thirty and foity membors were at once enrolled. The following gentlemen were elected oflice-bsarera for the year : President, Dr. Tweeddale; vlce-prc.ldenti Messrs. P. M'Craoken, W. Hoffmann, John Filson ; treasurer, Mr. W. S. Puckle; fsocre tary, Mr. D. Madden; committee, Messrs Hewitt, S. Puckle, Dobbin, J. Maddon, and Shephard. A vote of thanks to the chairmar terminated the proceedings. The question as to the expediency of dis solving the South Yarra Cricket Club, it consequence of permission to fence In th ground of the club having been refused, w11 be brought under the notice of a meeting o tho members, to bo held on Monday evening at Morgan's Hotel, Gardiner's Crcsk-road. The Ballarat Star statss that the police an In receipt of information of an attemptei fraud on the public, by the circulation of bas and mutilated coin. In the cuso where th coin is not altogether a countorfoit, It Is muti lated by clipping, and otherwise, to an exten which renders it useless for the ordinary pui posee of trade. The Very Bev. Dean Hoyes took his depai turo fiom Geelong on Thursday morning, b the ferenoon train, for the purpose of com mcccing lils pustoial duties at Sjndhurs' Prior to his deraiture, the dean was invite to join a select circle of gentlemen at a diane improvised for the occasion, at Mack's Hote " During the dean's stay in thl3 town," saj the Advertiser, "he waa highly oatoemed b all classes ; and his departure will be felt t a general loss." The Borough Council of Chewton have j ui been dealing with a refractory brothor, and i tho process havo elicited a legal opinion on somewhat novel point of muntcipil law. / the meeting of the council on Thursday, vote of censuro waspaBsed upon the refraotoi member for offt naive conduct at a late mee log. The Attorney-General had previousl been communicatfd with, and his opinic asked whether, in the event of the councilh refuting to apologise or withdraw the oftei Elvo t-xpresslon, the council would be justifit in ejecting bim by force. The Attorney G ? neral declined giving an opinion, unless co Bulted through a solicitor ; and tho opinion Mr. G. O. Leech was therefore sought. Mr. Leech was of opinion that, were the councillor ejected by force, he might be able to recover damages in a court of law, although only nominal. Under these circumstances, it was judged best to pass a vote of censure, which was formally conveyed to tho offender by tho chaiiman, The resignations of tbe town clerk of Rich mond and the surveyor were received at tho meeting of the local council last night. At the weekly meeting of the committee of management of the Benevolent Asylum, tho supeiintendent reported tho number of in- mates last week 370¡-died, 1; lift the Asylum, 1 ; remaining in the institution, 370\. Befuscd, as not fit case, 3; refused, from want of room, 6. Relief in provisions afforded to 27 families. Our Echuca coirespondont intimates the ar- rival of the Riverina steamer with ninety bales of wool, which were despatched by rall to Molbourne, consigned to Messrs. Cuuiug ham and Macredie. This is the nut cargo of wcol by river communication sbippsd to Mel- bourne this Eeason. A ticket-of-leave has during tho past week i been granted to Francis Mallam alias Francis Martin, tried at Melbourne, 17th May, 1858, for assault with intent to commit a felony, i and sentenced to ten years. He is to report himself at the Melbourne district. At Christ Church, St. Kilda, sermons in aid of the tc-building fund of St. Paul's, Ballarat, will be preaohed to-morrow; in the morning, by the Bav. D. Seddon ; and in the evening, by the Bev. R. T. Cummins, incumbent of St. Paul's, Ballarat. A meeting of tho shareholders of the In duEtrial Building and Investment Society was held last evening, at the National-hall, Fitzroy, for tho purpose of electing office- bearers and committee for the ensuing year. The following is tho result of the election : President, Mr. J. Falconer; trustees, Messrs. M'Mahon, M. O Grady, and Sorrell ; treasurer Mr. Boin; committco, Mersia. B. Boll, Graham Bei.y, C. Hall, G. M. Hardess, E. Harmer, J. Lowe, T. W. Mr-:on, J. Powe'l, and G. A. Tony. Nominations were then made for the offices of solicitor and saiveyor, as followB :-For sol'citor, Mcssra. Andoiaon and Sandilands, Mr. John Edwards, jun., and Mr. Marcus Sievewiight. For suiveyor, Mr. J. E. Austin, Mr. A. BliäF, and W. H. Naylor. Tho elections of the:e officers will take plice on a future c ocasión. The following piisonors have boen dis- charged from the Penal Department during the past week :-Cong Ah, tried at Sandhurst 30th December, 18G3, for intent to commit a felony, and ecnlenced to twelve months . Henry Barden, tried at Kichmond 9th'July, 1864, for stealing money, and sentsneed to two mouths ; George Cotterell, alias Joshua Harbor, tried at Ballarat 16th April, 1861, for obtaining goods by false pretences, and con tenced to five years; James Doyle, trklat Melbourne áth July, 1861, for vagrancy, and sentenced to thro months ; Thomas Jacobs, alms Jacob Hardy, tried at Melbourne 2-ith. Juno, 1864, for intant to commit a felony, and sentenced to tbreo months; Henry Leggatt, tiied at Brunswick 13th April, 1861, for lar- ceny, and sentenced to six months ; William Spencer, tiled at Melbourne 20th February, 1804, for larceny, and sentsneed to six months, and Eeventeen days extension; and Jo:eph Wells, tried at Melbourne 16th August, 1862, for stealing a watch, and sentenced to three years. The Ballarat Evening Post of last night has the following further information on the Major Wallace question :-" he letter ad- dressed to Mr. J. T. Sleep, Lieutenaut B. V. B. Rangers, and which appeared in our issue of Wednesday, stated that a minute was at- tached by the Major-General giving his opinion as to the advisability of the reinstate ment of Major Wallace in the command of the above corps. By an omission on the part of the Treasury department the opinion was not attached. We are indebted to the cour- tesy of Captain Drury for a copy of the following correspondence from the hon. the Treasurer :-'As the sense and intent of the Major-General's minute seems not to have been fully apprehended by the me- morialists, I beg that he will be good enough to favour me with his opinion as to Major Wallace's conduct, and say whether the Go- vernment would have een justified in re acccpting his services. (Signed) Geo. V.' The following is the written opinion of the Mpjor-General :-' I am of opinion that the conduct of Major Wallace was insubordinate, and that it would have been injurious to the discipline of the volunteer force had the re- quest for his reinstatement been granted. I consider that the Government could not pro- perly sanction an inquiry into a matter which had been previously determined after due consideration, the facts being simple, dis- closed in writing, and quite patent without such inquiry. (Signed) J. Chute, Major General.' " A correspondent of tho Ovens and Murray A^h verliser, Mr. Joseph Edwards, of Myrtleford, communicates the following particulars of a narrow escap3 fiom death by lightnius: " On Saturday evening, about nine o'clock, a ball of electric fluid, about the b'zo of a toa pot, carno hissing through the atmosphere, and defending my kitchen chimney, Btiack ono of my mon, Thomas Duggan, on the back of the head, burnt a hole in his hat, cot fire to his hair, pasEcd down his back, burn- ing the two woollen Bhirts on hil bsck, en- tered the wall of the chimney, and exploded with a report equal to the explosion of a bairel of powder. A boy was sitting by.aslcop, but was unhurt; he was awakened with the noise, and to his astonishment found Duggan all in flames, and totally insen- sible; and had ho not been there Duggan would in all probability have been burnt to death. I have sent him to the hospital, as he is badly burnt, and appears to have lost foi the present tho ubo of some of his limb.'.'1 Tho Advertiser says:-" The man was taken into Beechworth yesterday by the Buckland coach, and his injuries presented a vor j curious appearance. Some of the hair at the back of tho head was burned off, and hit head, neck, and oma scorched black. A hole through which a man might pass Mb flst, wai knocked out of the crown of his hat, aud the lightning passed down to the omah of hil back, where it appears to havo left him, anc knecked a lal go stone out of thochimue: behind him. Ho remained sensoless fron Saturday afternoon till Sunday morning but the paralysis has almost totally disap peaied." The local papers state that Mr. Saporlnton dent Winch, of Beechworth, has recdivec instructions from Melbourne to put down th Chinese lotteries. Ho does not intend, how ever, to take the Celestial gamblers by sur prise, but will give them fair warning first The BmaU stakes and large prizes of thes lotteries have offered great iuducamonts, no only to the Chinese, but also to the Eure Pfaus, to engage in them ; and thora ar numerous instances of prizes of £82 bein won for Od. At present there aro thre Chineso lotteries in full work at the OelestU camp at Beechworth. These employ upward of twenty agents in distributing the ticket to say nothing of the subsidy paid to th coach proprietors for conveying tho tickel backwards and forwards to Chiltern, Bathe! glen, and other places. We have been requested to acknowledge ti following donations lo the Collingwood Sou Kitchen ¡-Fitzroy Council, £5 6s. ; Mr. A. Morrison, Gipps Lind, £1; Mr. IilckardB, £2 ; Mr. John M'Kenzie, £1; Mr. D. Rannard, 6a. ; Messrs. J. H. and Co,, 103 ; Mr. J. Dun- can, 6:.; a Friend, 53.; Mr. George Pickett, Collingwood, in continuation of his weakly liberal contribution of meat (three weckB), G701b. beef; Messrs. "Wultcrs and Bolton, one hag barky; Mr. Bignell, 2031b. boaf ; Mecsrs. Tucket and Browse, 2031b. beef; Mr. Bennet, 2C0ib. beef. The treasurer of the Danish Rslief Fund oa B: ndigo has received altogothor contributions amounting to £216. The offertory collection to morrow, at St, Peter's Chuich, will bo given to the Benevo- lent Asylum. The committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society desire to b:lng under the notice of employers of labour that theie aro at present in the home, Prince's bridge, a number of able-bodied men, married and single, who are open for engagement j somo of them are re- cent arrivals, who havo bean accustomed to farm work. At the usual weekly meeting, held yesterday, the superintendent made the fol- lowing return :-Number rema,'ntng at last report, 180 ; admitted since, 123 ; persons who have received out-door relief, 218 (or sixty six families). Total relieved, 532 Discharged from the home during the week, 115 ; total at present remaining, 1GD; number stone breaking, 24; oakum picking, 21. A great many of the number in the home aro aged and decayed men and women waiting admis- sion to tho Benevolent Asylum. The following subscriptions have been col- lected In Melbourne byMc:sre. Balfour and John Mackenzie, in r'd of the Geelon; fund for the little Duff", and theso gentlemen so- licit fuitherdonations:-Mr. John M'Donnell, £1; Mr. Elms, 6s.; Mr. Jackson, 103.; Mr Thompson, £1; Mr. Isaacs, 1C.-. Gd.; Mc! Dunkely, 2t.0d. ; Mr. Cutler, £l ; Mr. Clarke, £1; Mr.E. Cohen, £1; Mr. Bayles, IOj.GI. . Mr. nickling, 2s. 6d.; Mr. Burrage, 5s.; Mr' J. Mackie, 6s. ; Mr. AV. S., 03. ; Mr. J. Scott," 5s. ; Mr. Towzell, 2s. G1 ; Mm. Cockburn, £:.. Mr. S. P. Lord, 103. ; Mr. F. G. Smith, 10\ | Mr. M'GoiraD, 2s. 6J.;Mr. Law, 10j.; Mr! Wise, 6s. ; Hon. Mr. Fraser, £1 ; Hon. Mr. Power, 103. ; Hon. Mr. J. P. Bear, ICj. 61.; Hon. Mr. Turnbull, 1C:. ; Mr. Thompson, 63. ; Mr. Moubray,£l; Mr. F. S. M., 103.; Mr. Moffltt, ICa ; Mr. M'Culloob, 2\ Gd. ; Mr. S. Moore, 63. ; Dr. Crcjke, £1; Mr. Brodribb, £1; Mr. Everard, 5j. ; a Friend, 2:. Gd.; Mr. Galvin, 5s.; a friend, Is. GJ. ; Mr. Liddow, 2s. Gd. ; a Friend, Is.; Mr. A.B., Is ; a Friend 2s. Gd. ; aFrlend, 2á. C1.; Mr. Martin, 6s. ; Mr', J. H. Moore, 2s. Ci.; Mr, Hamel, 5s,; Mr. Stubbs, £1 Is. ; Mr. B. B Nicholson, 10). ; Mr. Laurence, IO3. GJ. ; Mr. Scott, 5:. ; Captain Harrison, 53.; Captain Chapman, 5s.; Mr. J. H. Wbib, 5s. ; Mr. J. H. Sherry, 10.'. ; Mr. Sloane, IO3. 6d.; Mr. W. K. "W., 5-.; Mr. Lavater, 63. ; Mr. Welch, 2i. G1. ; Mr. Melville, 103\. ; Mr. Curtayne, £1 ; Mr. F. D. White, 63.. Mr. a. Brown, 10d. ; Mr. W. Edlin, 6:. ; Mr! H. S. Smith, 10a.; Mr.BlundeU, 2-. Gd.; Mr. Greig, ICj.; Mr. R. Kerr, 10;.; Mr. Edwards, 2s. 61. ; Mr. M'Oall, 5-. ; Mr. Lloyd, 10*. ; Mr. Eicke, 6s. ; Mr. C. Younj, 2>. 6d. ; Mr. R. Stewart, 2s. Gd. ; Messrs. J. B. Woro and Son, 10s. ; Mr. J. LyonB, 5a. ; Mr. W. J. Murray, Ö3. ; Mr. O. D. Syder, 2^. C1; Mr. W. Walker, 2s. Gd.; Mr. C. W. Umphelby, 2s. 61.; Mr. Iletheringtjii, 2s. 6d.; Mr. Luca", 63.; Mr. O'Grady, 63. ; Hon. Mr. J. S. Johnston, 63. ; Mr. Scivw right, 2«. GJ.; Mr. J. Butchait,£l; Mr. Spence, 3á. ; Mr. A.H. Knight, 10a Total, £33 5s. The Masonic ball, for which expensive pre- parations have bean made, will take plas: In tho Exhibition-building on Wednesday, tho 28th inst. The remains of Mr. B. Tannott, late one of the scenic artists at the Theatre Boyal, wero on Thursday attended to their last resting place by a large circle of professional friends. At tho Theatre Royal, last evening, tho great tragedy of " Julius Ca!3ar" drew another geed house. This fine historical picture, em- bodying aptly a dramatic viow of the ancient Romans in the best style of England's Shaks peare, could scarcely fail to command public attention and approval wherever adequately represented. As placed upon the Btago at tho Royal, with magnificent new scenery, and all the accessories that the resources ol a popular theatre can supply, and played by a powerful company, it must have a successful run in Melbourne, for in few cities away from Loudon could it bo produced in so per- fect a manner. The beautiful scenory by Mr Hennings and his assistants is nightly hailed with delight, and it is not allowing a suffi clent measure of justice to the managemenl to speak 01 this grand Roman revival, merolj to say it is creditable to an Australia! stage; for there are rare instances 0 the effects bain g surpassed upon the Loudor boards. Mr. Barry Sullivan nightly achieve! a Buccess as " the noblest Roman of thou all," and Mr. Heir has added greatly t< his reputation by his personation of tin " lean Cassius." Each night as the tragedy rucF, the acting of the piece goes mon smoothly, and tho legitimate drama, si played, will hold Its own against all comeré " Julius Crcsar" will bo repeated this evening followed by the famous burlesque trogi opera of " Bombastes Furioso," which will b supported by the united talents of Mr. n« wood, Mr. R. Stewart, Mr. O. Young, Mia Neville, &c.; Lady Don took her firat benefit at the Hay market Theatre last evening, and there was 1 capital houso on the occasion. The perform anees commenced with the sparkling come dletta of " Tho Ladie3' Club," which was wol cast and well played. Lady Don was thoMn FltzBmythe of the evening i and Mr. Hosklni who appeared foi tho firat time since his ii ness, played Flammer. The piece wen admirably from beginniug to end. In til interval between the comcJietta and tho bui lecque, Lady Don sang thrco fitvourito Iria ballads-" The harp that once through Tara hall," "The Minstrel Boy," and "Roi O'Moio"-in her b3st stylo. The ballac wero illustrated by tableaux vivant. The bu liEquo has apparently lost none of its attrai tionB, and it was again played with grot spirit last night. 