rî. . WEEKLY RE6ISTBB. Naurs hom Europe and America, by fha. mall steamer, rescued Sydney by telegram farly on Wednesday morn, lng, and waa published in tbe papen 0/ that day; Tue Daoiah «tar eontinnea with varied aueoea*. A terribie disaster bad occurred ai dhcffisld ibroagh the banting of a reservoir. In Amerle>, eucoess bad attended tb« .Confederate armies. - ' ' Very sad intelligence bas reached ns from New Zea. land. loan attaok on a Maori pa, oar men «ere re* guised ;.twenty.eeven men, inelading seven officers, weie itled, and seventy were - dangerously or. seriously ,wnunded. . '.'; . '.. !? 1 ' 1 The mortality among children in various parts ot the oolony daring tbe list few weeks bas been very great indeed. Tbe canse assigned is the changeableness and (nola, sneney of the weather, The annual meeting of the Hanter Uiver Vineyard . Association was held last week in Maitland. The chair. . man, Dr. Lindemans, referring .to a late remark by Sir John Yoong in favour of produoing cheap winea for the manses, rbaerved that thia could never ba done until aaob wines were allowed to be sold free of restraint, SB '. in ffran.ee and Germany. In the evening the.members dined together, and tho Minister for Works was among thegnestB. Mr, Holroyd promised tba", aa Boon as over . he should be tamed pat of ifHie, he would endeavour to lega'iie the free eale of colonial wine, bat, the Minister . for. Linda being a teetotaller, he waa: at present re. strained hy feelings of delicacy. The Minister for Landa stated . to a dapntation on Táesday that, as soon as the work ia Woolloomooloo . Bay was completed, the Government would e 'mmence filling <n ha bead, of Darling Harbour, A toiree w.a held at tba United Presbyterian Charon Phillip.Btreet, on Tuesday evening, to commemorate tbe third anniveria-y of the indaotlon. of the Bev. A. Thompson, minister of the cturcb. The Conferenoe, wbieh bas been eitling for same dayB past ia Sydney,- on the proposed Presbyterian Union', Wae eu «pended on Wednesday without aoeompllrblng any result. This waa owing to a resolution arrived at by the Synod of EaBtern Australia not finally to approve of the proposed bill at present. The aittiogs will be retained ia November. The Sydney Horticultural Soaiety bad their asnal monthly meeting last week, and tbe exhibits ween both flos and numerous. Mr. Paterson resd his first paper on medical plants, and Mr. Stephana read a paper on a pro- posed re'ormai ,n in the aizs and Bbapa of fljwer pots. ? A review of the Sydney and Suburban Volunteer BifleB took plaoe on Saturday. There were upw >rds of five hundred men present, and tba blink earttidge firing was considered very good. A cricket matob be'.weea the Glebe Club and the seoond eleven of the Albert waa played on Saturday, and resulted in viotory to tho former with 0 rans lo spire. The Camden Agricultural Belief Committee have been -operating actively. The amount raised has been orin, siderablf, and relief baa been afforded in the moat press. lng caws. Application baa been made to the Govern« mern for a grant proportionate ta tbo sum oolleeted. Ia tbe District Court on Friday, Mr. ¡Diod, janior, ob- tain! d a verdiot against the Treasaror of the Anniversary Beget a Co amities for the amount of bis entrance money fur ? raoe in which bis boat came in dist, bat tbe pullers of the seoond boat wer.' declared winners, on tbs ground that Mr. Dind being an innkeeper did not com * order tbe designation of "gentleman amateur." Mr. Cheese, tbe judge, held that every man who got an honest living was asmoch a gentleman as tbe Governor. Bat f r a proteat at toe tba time of entrance, there would bave been a verdict for the full amount of the prize money. The SDflual meeting of tbe Australian Wesleyan Missionary Society WSB held in the Yorkatreet Chapel, on Monday evening, Mr. G. Allen in the chair. A very sallifastory report was read, and the meeting wia addressed by stveral ministère» The amount raiBed daring tbe year in tbiB oolony, wai £1660 ; and in Victoria. Ta-manlo, and Sooth Australis, £3143. Hia Exoell-noy (Sir John Young is at present on a tpur ia the Western District, whirs hs has been very loyally reoeived by the inhabitants. : Very satisfactory aoaounts are reoeived of the prrgrees of operations at the Wentworth Mines, in the Western District. Tbo vxtensi'e addition to St. Barnabas' Church, Par« remette street (ibe Bev. T. Smith, minister;,'having been completed, commémora ive aermona wera preached lett Sunday; and, orí Thursday evening, a numerously allend'd soiree' was held, and the collection amounted to £900. -Tho cburoh will now seat mora than a thou- sand people. , ?' Oa Monday evening, Mr. Hargrave delivered an intra, dactory leetare on law studies in the Supreme Court, house. The Chief Jjatloe presided.; " At the G ration land Bale, on Monday, only six persona .ere present, and a vrrj Bmáll quantity was Bold at the upset price. Probably, all knowledge of ' the sale wis oooflned to a few reidera of the Government Qaaetle. Oa tbe oise of Dr. Lang v. Fairfax and Sons,'roi' libel, being called at the Supreme Coori .on Monday, tbe reverend plaintiff patin no appearance, either personally or by oouDBB', and a nonanlt WSB therefore direeted. lils stated in a Viaiorla paper, that Prince Frederick of Aagaatenbarg, whose claims to Hohles wig. Holstein now loretta to plunge Europe into a general wor, was' some years ago a Viotorian colonist, and tbit he.ifl remem. beted per/eatly well by several old residents. An interesting lecture-on the "phenomena of tbe Ocean", was delivered by the Bev. J, B. Laughton, on Wednesday eveoing.beforet be Yoong Men'd Presbyterian Institute la the Macquarie.street obuiob. Tbe total liabilities in insolvent estates (seven in ?tomber) sequestrated in the oolony from Thursday, tbe .th, io Wednesday, tba 11th instant, amounted to £1716 Iii. T|d.; assets, £474 Ss. 81.; deficiency. £1349 6s. 10» .. The Habilitier ranged from £079 tc £81, and the assets from £173 to £3 5B. ' The Vernon, immigrant Bhip, from Plymouth for Bris- bane, is now five months ont, and considerable appre- hension ls entertained respecting ber. ix MABYEL IN HIS FÁBII.-The following "boree trade " is recorded in Ik Maivel'd new book. One of the conditions of making money by a farm ia the" necessity of a constant dickering, a duty thal wai not at all to bis taste, and which be endeavoured to shirk as far BB possible by bandin* it over to his shrewd foreman. Bat sometimes a customer arrivée who insists on talking with tbe " boss." Saab aa one had dropped in on a morning in wbiob yon happen to ba deeply engaged. He wishes lo " lake a look " at a bone which ba has seen advertised for sale. The atable la free to blB observation, and tba altin.ive Pat is at bund; bat the onstomer wents to see the " Squire." It ia a stanch Canadiin horse, for whlob yon bave no further USP. YOU paid (or him, six months ago, a hundred and fifty dollars, and you now nama a hundred dollars as his prloe. I never yet met a man who sold a horse for as mash as he gave \--onleBB he were' a Jookey; I never expeot to. Mornln', Squire." " Good morning." " Bin a looklo* at y'.r hots ', -'Ab I* " Middlin'lamp of ahoss." "Yes, a nice bone." '* D'a know as yon know it, bot eich hosies an'l so saleable as they was a spell bick." "Ahl' "They're gillio a fancy for bigger bosses.'-' Silence. ?* Pat that pony to a heavy eart, and ha wouldn't do natbin'." " You aro mistaken ; he'* a raphal cart boran," " Well, I don't say but what he'd be handy with a lightish load. Don't oall him a spavined, do ye f " No, perfectly soand." " That looks kinder like a spavin" robbing bia bind off leg. " An'tmaob of a boss doetor, ba ye ?.' " Not moah." " Don't kiok, docs be f" " Nc." "Them little Kmucks leapt to kick." Silenoe, and an impatient movement, whlob I work off by palling'out my watob. " What lime o' ds)'a got to be f "Eleven." "Thunder I I mus» be a geln'- should like to trade, Sqalre, but I gaeta we can't agree. 1 a'pose you'd be aakiu' BB mneh BB-sixty-or-seventy dollars'for that nra hosi-wouldn't ye t" " A hundred dollars ls the prise, and I gave fifty more." " Don't aay I Gave a thunderin' Bight too much, Squire.-' " Pal, you may pat up the hone ; I don't think the gentleman wanta bim." " Look o'bere, Squire-ef yon was to Bay- something-like-seventy, or-seventy-five dollars, now there might be some use ia tilkin'." J " Noe one blt of use," (Impatiently)-turning on my heel. "-J-S*y,Squire,-ever bad bim to a plow f" "Yes." "Work nelli" > " Porfeotly well." Fractious, any ? Them Banticks is oontrary critters when they've had a miad to be." " He is quite gentle." " Thai's a good pint j bat them tull's worked 'till they git quite, kinder gita tbe spirit lost out on 'em-an't BO brisk whan yon put 'em to a wagin.' Don t you find lt so, Squire T *» " Not ?tall." "Bow old, Squire, did yo aay ho waif" (looking in his month again,) Seven." " Well-I guess be Ia ; a good many Aggers highor than that than he la to tew-any way." "Patrick, jon had better put this horse np." " Held on, Squire." And taking oat bis purse, eoaots oat: "seventy,-eighty,-and a five, and two.-and a fifty,-there, tqulro ; taint worth talking about t I'll spilt tbe difference with ye, and take the hois." " Patrick, pat him ap." At which the onstomer ia pnazled, hesitates, and the bone ia entering the atable again, when he breaks oat explosively,-" - Well, Squire, here's your money ; bat you're tho meit Ihuaderln' oniasy man for a bicker I ever traded with I'll say Ihit for ye." And tho hone ls transferred to hia keeping. " S'poBe yon thow in the biller and blanket Squire, don't yea ?" " Glvo bim the baiter and olenek', Patiiak." "And, Patt lok, yon'ant nary onrry-aomb jon den't n*p, J ou cnuld let me have t" 11 Give bim a cutty aomb, P<it." "Sq'Jlr-, you're a oletsr min. Got most throoihjonr luvlugf" '« Nearly." " Well, Pam glad on't. Hid kinder ketctiin' weather up our way." ?- :-AE» I-AWI I Aaa I-.Tot «var-Voe «var-For .*< Three honored men lay within the rada defenee roi 'whiob eomis'tllteen hundred British troops were po«l Artillery wie pitying on the paliaadea, and and a fly aap bad been mn np to the foot of the field work. Wi ont food or water they waited ihe final aaaanlt, when l messengers of peace made them the last effet-'b lives and good treatment if they wonld bot anrrendei a fate wbioh »aa inevitable. Ko haman Bitnation ean epnoaived more de-pirate or more bopaiaic-'bair lat gone, their raoa melting away like enow betöre tbe BI and now their own time como at Uei ; with enemies si rounding them on all Bides, and nothing bat oerti death ataring them in the íaoe, this ia tpe laat ana« wLiob they give to a proposai of- peace and earrend 'Friends-thisIB tbe reply nf tbe Maori: we will go fighting for ever I fir ev« I for »var I ' , We make bold .ay that ia whatever tongue the ooloniaation of the N Zealaod IaUnda hy the Anglo.Sixona ; bs written, lt reply of the laat of the Waika'os wilt be .told for memorial ol them | and men will ask, in »der tim was it good to destroy a raae wbo eoold aa defend tbi native land t There certainly doe* Beem lo be a sort carse apon nar army in this unhappy conflict. Why it that *e, wno boast of prasesting the chivalry of t oiviliaed world-we, witb oar gana and mortars, o rifles and bayonets, oar ships of war and gun bo« and steamers, above all, our boundless commissariat, why ia it that wa have now for these four years fougl these naked, half-armed tribes, living on bruised coi putrid sharks, and potatoes, with ibelr old fowlin pieces and their threadbare blankets; and 'that, not mountain ftstneaaes and trackless forests, but in tl open country, where oar horse artillery can. tran and by the side of rivers, wbicb our steamers' ci traverse, and yet can hardly wio an advantage txer by larger superiority ot forof? Why is it that, as Maungatauteti, it tates as fifteen hundred men to be three bnndred natives t and that even tben we sa ffsi loss of nearly seventy men killed and wounded;- ne i one.fourth of the whole foran of the enemy 7 Why 1B that where ona hundred British soldiers to go out attack the enemy, as at Taranaki, they are broken, ab dowo, dispersed, and driven io u t ir rout frnm tbe fie by two or three hundred naked savages ? We are n aooaatomed to rend of these things in tba history English warfare. We venture to say that in all ll annals of oat raes no similar passage san be found i little honourable to the British arms as that of the wi In New Zealand. There seems Bomo Btrange kind paralysis on all bur attempts. We are making effor and incurring an" expenditnre aofSoient lo oonqai powella! and clvilisod communities, with a ie foroe notion alter nation in the Indian Feninsu haa bowed before nj, and poured the treason wealth of centuries into the Ups 'of the conqueror We oan fight BuesiauB one ti twenty on the heights i Iokerman, or Sepoys one to a hundred on the plaina i India; but here we meet the native New Zeaiander, an go out against bim ai if ha were a jungle tiger, wit armed boats, and even Iben, witness by our IOSB, th difficulty of the conquest. We ask, why is it that £ strange ablfgbthas ooma ov;r our arms? We know no But thia we know-there will be men in alter tim ' s who« pans will narrate the oausaa and outoominga of tb contest, and who Will aeek, In the objectB of the «ar,tt bey to ita disasters. They will say lt was not s war fr safety or for law, or for t:nth or li .etty, bat it was L W diotated by avarice and proseeated for spoliation. It wa a war to remove a neigl boar's landmark-I deBtroy a race that we might ¿well , i their tents. No doubt these oritioa of tb past will ba wrong. They mast be so ; fe is not tbe whole voioe of tbe age against them An enligb'ecei. Christian, money-making people, wear qiite eatltfled with the morality of oar own conduct ; bc still tbe events cf tbe war remain unexplained. Still will remain to be solved why more money, time, sad Iii should have.been aaorifioed in this war against a feebt foe, for a smaller result than in any war in whiah En? land baa ever yet engaged. For our own paris, we bav long ceased to speoulate.on the oauses of these things we wait and wonder, Bal if there be anything in .tb whole miserable atory to exoito tbe admiration of a genet oas mind, it is tbs sad apeotaole of those grim and lawn; figures, ? gaunt with the walebing and weariness, tb wonndaand nakedness of a long oampalgn in the bast Bloriog over their ragged palteades'on the hosts of th conquerors from whom escape was impossible, and wail lng oat their laat chant of death and drflinoe-Abc, »br- ake-for iver for ever I for emt I-Canterbury Pren CAMStsAUBU -I resolved to exerolso a little finnie ii the Investigation of this matter, and after I bad pahaei tbe villages which bad been previously visited by-wbit men, I called a veteran cannibal to me, and queBtiono him about the people beyond the.mountains to tbe east Did ibey eat men T Ob, yes, they all ate men. And b ate men bltUBelf. Aa he volunteered this statement b burst-into a loud roar of laughter, whiob we all joln-i very heartily. I asked bim if. man was good. He re piled, with - a rapturous gesture, Ibat it waa "llb mankey, all fat," I then wished to learn tbe el»»s o pei eons be bad been in the habit of discussing. He said only prisoners of war ; that some of bis friends'were ii tbe habit of rating wilebes condemned to deatb, but thal for bis part, be did not think thom wholesome. Tba bes of it waa, that he thought that I was a cannibal too; < belief - which ia . universal among tbe Boab tribes o Western Afrioa, and of wbioh tbe Blave trade bes beentbi cause. I remember that when I was in the Camm; cointry, a Bakeli slave who bad never seen a whila man before, equatted before me a long time, with bis great round prominent eyes on my face, and bia month wide open. At last he heaved a ga»p of wonder, crying " And these ere the men that eat na." My veteran how asked me wby we took the trouble to send auoh a long way for people to eat. Were the blaob men niaer than white men ta eal? My answer was dictated by a motive of polioy. I said the fiesta of a white man waa a deadly poison, and to, not belog able to «(tone another, we were obl'ged to send to this aonntry, leaked bim il it were true that the Fane eat their own telativea when they died. Upon ibis he affected great horror, and said that tbey contd not do each a thing as that, Never- theless, tbs evidence of all the neighbouring tribes is unanimous npon thia point ; whiob, if I cannot pof-itivRly »»serf, I certainly cannot disprove.-Sa' age Africa, By W. Winwood Rtade. I As UNFORTUNATE FnEOBttTon,-A somewhat oomioál inaident look plaae in a church nat very far distant from Bridge.etreot, on Sunday laat. The ofUaa of precen'or \ being vaeant, one of the candidates selected for trial bad an opportunity in the afternoon of einging before the congregaltoa. The opening psalm having been sunt-, and tbe first prayer concluded, tho minister began es usual to read a obapter, when Ibe preoentor, feeling tired, perhaps, with bia previous week's work, and quite comfortable ia tbe soft red cushioned desk, could not resist tbe temptation of laying blB bead down on Ibe board. Doubtless he did not Intend to fall asleep, bot only to enjoy the quiet p'oising sensation wbioh we feel when only half awake, but unfortunately for bim be bad misaalculated bia powera of awaking to perfect con solouaneas at the proper time ; for the chapter was finisbod and another psalm given out and more than bs.f read without hia lattin* hie bead or making any aigDB of stirring. Sime looked grave ; others lees dr aotous, notnwitbBtonding Ihe solemnity of the plsoe and oooieioo, could not repreeB a smile or a titter, while the ohurch officer and a sympathising old' woman both I started up at,tho same time to ronse tba soporiflo singer, bat they were too late, for a young man of more decision and presence ol mind than the rest, had already taken bia atand by the side of the desk, and lost no time in oommonoing a suitable tone. Ibe poor preoentor was now thoroughly aaabened, and looked foolish and filly enongb, and no doubt felt very uncomfortable, for, after the Binging of tbe psalm, with abashed and downoaat icoks, fae hurriedly refited from the church, leaving i the other yoong man to conduct the psalmody for tba 1 reBt of the afternoon.- North Britith Mail. -, ? FrilUT-MIDtDMB Air.HO inn NEW ZBArjtNDBns.-We were all seated on the rush- atrewn floor-»bout thirty persons. The door wa« shot ; Ibo fire had burnt down, leaving nothing bnt glowing obarooal, and the room waa oppressively hot. The light was little better than dark- ness ; and tho part of the room in wbieh Ibe tchunga (priest) sat was now in norfoot darkness. Suddenly, wim- ont the slightest warning, o voice esme ant of Ihe dark- ness. " Salutation I-salutation to yen all I -atlulion I -salutation to yon, my tribe t-family, 1 salute you I friends, I salute you I-fiiend, my pakoba friend, I salute yon." Thia h'gh-handod dating impostora waa suelees ful : oar feelings wuro taken by atorro. A cry expressive of affection and despair, tuok as was aol good, lo bear, i came from tho elater of tho dead ohlef, a fine, stately, and really bandBomo woman of about flva-and t wen ly. Sbo was rushing, vlth both arms extended, into tao darb, in the direction from whence the voice came ; bat was instantly selzod round tho waist and restrained by ber bro'.hor by main foroe, lill, moaning and hinting, ehe lay still on the ground. At the eame Instant another fomalu voice was beard trim a young girl, who was hold by tho wrists by two yoong men, ber brothers. " Is it you t-le it you t- truly ia it you I-ansi au« I they hold me, they i entrain me; won- der not that I have followed you; they restrain me; they watch me ; but I go lo yon. The ann abell not rise; the ann shall not rise anal cruel" Here she fell Innunriblo on tba rimh floor, and wi.b tho elster waa ctrriud oat. . . Tbo spirit spoke again. "Speak to me, Ibe iriht 1- speak t - me, tho family I-speak to mi. the ptkohr I" Tba "pakeho," however, wai not at tte miment inolined for conversation. . . At last tie brother epaki! and asked, " How is it with you ?-Is lt well nith you in that oountty V The answer eimo [-ha -volo*- til tbroagb, il it to ba rem-m oerod, «ai aol the «olee of lb« tohunga (priest - bat a atunga melaoaholy mand, lia« trie aoand ol the triad blowing lato a hollow vessel] -«? It ia well «Ith mei my place Is a good plsoe." The brother «poky again -"Hareyo» seen--, end . and - f' (I forget the names mentioned.) *' Tea ; (bay are all with me." A womau'a volee now from .another part of tbn to m anxiously cried oat-" Hare 50a seen my tister f"*« Y*s. I nave seen her.1' "Tell hermy love la great towar a her and never will cease." .'Yes, I will tell." Here the woman boret oto tears, and the pakeha fell a stranie swelling of the ohesr, wnieb he oonld in no way. aoeoni I for. The spirit spoke again. 14 Give my large t>rae pig to the priest" (the pakeba was dieenobanted ? at once I " and my doable gan." Here tba brother interrupted-' " Your gap ii a manaivnga : I a all keep it." He is aleo di- ienobaoted, thoagbt 1, out I was mistaken : be believed, but withed to heep the .gan his brother bid oirried so loog. An idea now .struob rue that I ooald exposs, tne: i imposture.' withsat show- ing polpible ' disbelief.- «' We einnot find yoar book," said-I; " whore have voa; concealed Hf The answer instantly"oame," I. concealed'it between tbe faftuAuofmy boase and the thatch,'straight over'you as. y oa go in al tbe door." Here tbe brother rushed ont; all waa silence till bis return.' In'five' minutes be came back witb the bo k ia his hind I I WSB beaten,, bot made noothar effort.-"What have you written in that book ?' said I. "A greit many " things.", Tell -me some of them." "Yon are seeking for Some information; what do you want to know? I will tell yon." Th-n sud- denly-" Farewell, O tribe I fart well, my family, I go I" Here a general and impressive ory'of ''farawell" arose from everyone in the house. " Firewall," again eried the spirit from deep beneath the" ground I ".Farewell,1' again osma moaning tbroagb tbe distant darkness of the nigbt, " Farewell I '. I was for a moment stunned. Tbe Heoeplion was perfect. There WSB st dead alienee-a .list. "A ventriloquist," slid I-''ot-cr-perhaps tte evil."- Old New 'Zealand. ? ' THE IVOBT TRUDE,-Few persons are aware of tbe immense demand tiere ia for ivory in oar days. At the eloae of the last century England did not work more than lOi.eoOib. of ivory per annum j in 1837 the demand hart risen to 304,7811b., whioh eupposes tbo,death of, 3040 m.ile elephants per antum, yielding 6080 tusks,aver g ing 001b. eiah. At present England consumes 1,000,0001b. per annum, or upwards of tbrea timeB the consumption of 1837 ; and therefore tbe number of ele. pbants killed for England alone oouBt be 8333, or there- about'. Abont 4000 men lost their lives annually in the pursuit after ivory, that is, to provide the world with combs, knife bandies, billiard balls, dec. A tusk weighing 701b.ia considered by the trade a first- class one. Caviar made a litt of the largest tushB found up to his time, and the most considerable one registered by bim weighed 3601b. At a late aale of tusks lo London, the largest, brought over from Bombay ind Zanguebar, weighed from 1301b. to 1131b. those from Angola averaged 601b.; those from tbe Cape and Natal lOB'.b. ; from ' Lvgos and < Egypt, 1141b.; and Iroru Gaboon, QI lb. Bat thtae. are by , no means the largest sizes to be found at present; for elephant boaters now penetrate farther inwards into Afrloa, and therefore meet with older animals. A abort time ago an Amerioan house cut up B tusk which was not lesa than niue foci.ia leegth and eight inobes in diameter, and weighed 800 pounds. In 1851 the same bouBeseut over to the Lindon Exhibition the largett pie ie of sawn ivory ever nein ; it was eleven feel ia length j and one foot broad. The deareBt ivory ls that which is, used for billiard balls. There are aaveral kinda of ivory :] that which is brought over from the western coast of Afeles, exoept Gaboon, Is much less elastic than other sorts, and cot so easily brought to pei feet white.1 OBBB by-the working ; lt ia only used far knife bandies. Siooe the conquest of Algeria by Francs tbs Ivory trade has considerably looria led in the north of Afrlos, wbiob reoeives its supply from the caravans crossing tbe deBert. Tbe hippopotamus alto yields ivory, whioh is muon harder and lees elastic than tbst of tba elephant, besides belog of muoh smaller dimensions. Oalignanl. , j 