HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, 20TH SEPTEMBER, 1864. The SPEAKER took the chair at 4 o'clock. MESSAGE FROM THE GOVERNOR. The TREASURER brought down a message from His Excellency the Governor, announcing that he had assented, in tho name of Her Majesty, to the Act to amend the Marine Board Act, and alto the Act to amend the Waste Lands Act of 1863. PAPERS. The TREASURER laid on the table certain papers presented to the Legislative Council, and moved that they be printed. Cat a lad. NOTICE OF MOTION. Mr. ALLISON gave notice that at 2 o'clock to-morrow (this day) he would ask the Treasurer if it was the intention of government, during the 'recess, to take any steps for the establishment of public cemeteries outside the city P Also,-What course the government intended to adopt to carry out the survey of the main line of railway, when the sum of £2,000 was subscribed by the public, as desired by parliament P (Hear.) PUBLIC WORKS. Mr DAVIES, pursuant to notice, asked, " having regard to the failure of the government to carry their bill for the loan of £56,000, for the construction of certain works in various parts of the colony, would the hon. the Treasurer have any objection to state what the government intend to do with the £20,000, forming part of the estimated surplus of the land fund at the end of the present year, already set apart to assist in the construction of these works, and whether, in particular, notwithstanding the failure of their loan bill, the governMent would not be prepared to sanction the appropriation of that sum in the construction of roads, bridges, and tramways in the Huon and Devon districts, and if so, in what parts ?" The TREASURER replied The desire of the government to carry out their pledge to aid the country in the construction of roads, bridges, and tramways not in the Huon and Devon districts alone was made manifest to this House on the 12th of July by the ministerial scheme of reproductive works, and to that scheme, as passed by the House of Assembly on the 2nd inst., they still adhere as being; essential to promote the occupation of large areas of valuable land, which are at present inaccessible to traffic, and consequently unoccupied for want of roads into them. And, whereas, by the formation of such roads and other works as would render these lands available for the settlement of an agricultural and industrious population, thus opening new fields for enterprise with the colony j immigration would be encouraged, and emigration arrested. And also that by the improvement of such lands our exports would be materially increased, and the consummation of dutiable; goods. materially augmented, and the government will not only sanction but press on the parliament the necessity of constitutionally appropriating the necessary sums for sotfesirable an end. Mr. DOBSON asked if this answer was in order. He understood that a mere question required a simple answer, and did not afford room for any expression of opinion. The TREASURER : I have given my answer. If the hon. member wishes to found any motion on it he can do so. The SPEAKER said that the answer was perfectly regular. Mr. DAVIES said he was satisfied with the answer., REPRODUCTIVE WORKS. Mr. ALLISON then rose to move, pursuant to notice, "That it is desirable, for the benefit of this colony that the scheme of reproductive works proposed by the ministry should be fully carried out, and this House, as the representatives of the people, and being the legitimate source from which the revenue of the colony springs, and which is legitimately at our own disposal determines that it will indemnify the ministry for any act of theirs which may be deemed necessary for carrying out these works in their entirety." He had been induced to put this motion on the paper when he saw that the scheme of works, as proposed by the government, was likely to be thrown out, and he begged to say that he did it at his own suggestion only. (Hear.) He was not in any way influenced by the government. He had always desired, as far as he consistently could, to support the present government, but he was not the man to become the tool of any government. (Hear, hear.) He had now been nearly twenty-one years in that House, and whatever failings might be attributed to him he would never stoop to cringe or bow to any man. He had very high warrant for what he had done, for he could not help feeling hurt when he saw these works almost within reach of his fellow colonists, and that they were then swept away in a moment. It caused him to ask whether there was any way by which they could have those works, and he had then brought forward this motion. J He expressed his deep regret that the works were not gone on with. These works would certainly have been reproductive, and he was therefore much hurt when he saw what had occurred. He remembered that a former premier in that House had stated when a question of a similar kind! arose that he would be prepared to go on with any measure when he found that he had two-thirds of the Assembly with him. He hoped these works would be yet carried out as they would be so beneficial to the colony. He did not wish to cause a clash between the two Houses, although he was sorry that the hon. members of the other branch of the Legislature should differ with him. He was sorry, however, that the whole scheme had been thrown out without enquiry for there were certain works which were certainly most desirable, and calculated to open up the resources of the colony. The hon. member here referred to the advantages of the various works proposed at great length, and said surely so great a scheme was at least worthy of consideration in a committee of the other House. The whole recess would now have to pass and several months besides before anything could be done, " in fact, fifteen months would be thrown away. He was moved by those considerations, and he desired to see how those works could be gone on with, and proposed to indemnify the government if they wished to go on with them. It appeared to him however that after what the Treasurer had paid this could not be done, and he was willing either to withdraw the motion, or he would go on with it if the House liked. Mr. HODGSON seconded the motion. Mr. KNIGHT understood the Treasurer to Bay though the government were anxious to carry out this scheme, they did not propose anything this session, and he did not know how they were to go on without a loan bill. He presumed the Treasurer meant to carry it out with the £20,000 he had indicated. He wished to put on record what he thought in reference to this matter. There were two or three hon. members in that House who imagined they possessed enormous interest, and who by the power of their eloquence and otherwise, tried to ride rough shod over the House and to get the most for their own districts when there were large sums to be raised. But he thought those sums should not be distributed according to the power and talent of representatives, but equally amongst all the districts. The motion which he wished to bring forward as an amendment to that, now before the House, was "That the House resolve itself into a committee of the whole for the purpose of considering an address to His Excellency the Governor, praying that he will be pleased to direct that on or before the 1st of Nov. cost, £15,000' shall be paid by the Treasurer out of the land fund to the trustees of the several road districts, in proportion to the assessments received, and to be received, in their districts, according to the valuation roll upon the rates then made in and for the year 1864. That the sums so paid shall be expended by the said trustees on some of the works described as section 85 of the Waste Lands Act, 1863\. Provided that no money shall be paid until the trustees have published in the Hobart Town Gazette, a full description, with estimates of the several works upon which they intend to expend the money so received and that they shall not expend it otherwise, and they shall (monthly) publish an account of the money so expended. That the sums which the several police districts and municipal districts will be entitled to the benefit of under sections 85 and 86 of the said Act shall be paid in the month of January next and in January in each year following, to the trustees of the road districts comprised in those police and municipal districts to be by the said trustees expended for the purposes and subject to the stipulation above mentioned. Contingent upon the above being agreed to, to request the con- currence of the Legislative Council." tic thought if there was to be a surplus at the end of the year, as anticipated by the Treasurer, it should not be allowed to lie altogether useless, and certainly it should not be allowed to be on the motion of certain hon. members having power and influence, all expended in their particular districts. What was to become of this surplus if it was not to be appropriated ? If parliamentary action was waited for there would be nothing done until September next year, or even later, and it would be better to lay out the sin plus in the way he suggested. He understood from the answer of the Treasurer to the hon. member for Devon that though the government did not abandon their works scheme in principle they found it impossible to carry it out during the present session, he understood them to route from the whole scheme of works this session, and from £15,000 to £20,000 would be lying dormant.' Suppose they were willing to re- vote the sum- in another Session, and t in the hazard of another parliament voting the sum ? He would' leave the House to say whether they should prevent this money from being used by the accredited authorities in the different districts, namely, the road trustees. Certainly, this money should be distributed at once, and it could not be better done than in the way he suggested. , Mr. SHARLAND would second the amendment for the sake of discussion. He was certainly very much surprised at the hon. member, who boasted of having been 21 years in that House, and who came for ward and proposed that they should violate one of the very first principles of the constitution. (No, no.) ' This resolution was virtually saying, do away with the Legislative Council. He thought such a motion altogether unconstitutional. What- ever the other House did they should be bound by, and they could not help it if they did not agree on all questions, but to say that they should ignore the Upper House was a monstrous proposition to be made by an hon. gentleman who boasted of 21 years' parliamentary experience. He thought that such a notice should never have appeared on the paper at all. To carry such a motion would be sap- ping the very foundations of the parliament. They could not dictate to the gentlemen in the other House because they did not happen to feel as deeply on this question as the hon. member and others had done. It was said, what was the use of the Assembly ? But the constitution wisely established a balance of power by creating an upper chamber, and they irons not feel themselves aggrieved when the two Houses happened to-differ. The hon. member was one of those who had always an expedient ready at a moment's notice. If the House was against him, he said, "Oh, it will be all light in the Council," and now that they happened to be against him, he said, in effect, ignore the Legislative Council altogether. The ministry dare not act upon this motion. They would be liable to impeachment if they did so. He did not see how this motion could be passed, and though 'he had seconded the amendment, he would oppose the motion. Mr. HORNE could neither support the motion nor the amendment. When America was founded, it was the idea of Franklin that there should only be one House, but ultimately two Houses were established, as it was the generally admitted principle that a balance of power should exist. They had got this other House, and however much he might disapprove of the action of that House, he must bow to their decision. Why at home, some most important Acts had been postponed for two years, and then the Upper House had come round to the wish of the people and agreed to them, and time might work a change hero. He believed where there was a check that always operated for the benefit of the people at last. The hon. member for George Town had talked of the sum mentioned in the motion of the hon. member for Devon. Not one penny of it should be expended without the authority of parliament. (Hear, hear.) And not one penny should be borrowed for any works whatever without the authority of parliament. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member Mr. Knight had moved an amendment, but he could not agree with that. They had their Waste Lands Act and they should abide by it in reference to the distribution of money. On this question they should give time for the operation of reason on the other House, and no doubt if they found they were wrong they would change their views. but if right the change might be the other way. He believed the check was a wise one, and if the Upper House was wrong, common sense showed that they would have to yield. If there was a surplus now, let it be made use of by paying the public debt, instead of selling now debentures. By doing this they would reduce the charge for interest now upon the country. Mr. DAVIES hoped both the original motion and the amendment would be rejected. The first, on account of its absurdity and the second, because it was really no amendment at all, and because it would be impossible in such a thin House to give it the consideration which it deserved. The hon. member for New Norfolk and the hon. member for Hobart Town had particularly referred to the un- constitutional nature of the motion, and they were no doubt right. There were three branches of government here, as at home, the King, Lords, and Commons. The element of majesty was represented by the Governor, the Lords by the Upper House, and the Commons by the House of Representatives. This proposition was to ignore one of the branches of the legislature, and was practically absurd. A more Quixotic idea could not have been introduced into any legislature. It was said that some three, four, or five sessions back a Premier had said that so long as there were two thirds of the members of the Assembly in favor of it he would take the Supply. That such a majority would be enough to enable him to go on and carry out the public service. Well, that was perhaps an unguarded proposition, at all events there was no precedent on which to form a pro- position of the kind. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member for Hobart Town had shown them that perseverance in a scheme would ultimately find success, and there was no doubt of it. The church rates were an instance in point; session after session, and night after night, the abolition of these rates had been agitated in the House of Commons for a great number of years, without success. Still the promoters believed they were right, and went on and on until at length, and only recently they carried their object, namely, the repeal of that obnoxious tax in Great Britain. Though he regretted as much as the hon. member that the members of the Council had failed to agree with that House, that was no reason why they should come into collision. He hoped the House would refuse both motion and amendment for they were founded on an unconstitutional basis. Mr. GREGSON considered the question of very great importance. He was not fully prepared to say that the question was unconstitutional, as he had not looked into the law. The matter was now agitating the public mind very strongly and was of sufficient importance to demand attention, He did not agree with the scheme of reproductive works proposed by the ministry. He was willing however to throw the entire responsibility on the Executive without indicating any district in particular. He was in fact willing to trust the government with the expenditure of any amount of money and let the House hold them responsible. Money to the extent of £501,000 had been expended on works in South Australia in that way, and he would suggest that course now. At that late hour of the session he desired to see something done in reference to public works, though he did not wish to be led away by any public cry or clamor. He would propose another amendment to the effect that the sum of £10,000 should be raised by the government to be expended in such public works throughout the various districts as they might think fit. There was another want of confidence motion if they liked to make it so. and it was for the House to say at once whether they could confide in the government or not. For his own part he had every confidence in the present ministry, and he would be willing to entrust them with the expenditure of any amount of money. It was all very well for certain hon. members to come down and cry, "Turn them out, turn them out," and yell like half maniacs, because they happened to be disappointed, but that was not the way to deal with a question of such importance as this Public opinion went in favor of these works, and therefore he bowed to the majority, and thought that this question should not stand over for twelve months. It would be better, therefore, to trust to the government, and let them carry out the reproductive works. The question was, would they trust the government? (No.) Well, that was a question for the House to decide. He would therefore, propose this new amendment. Mr. HAYES seconded the amendment, believing it would be the only way to meet the difficulty. He thought the proper way to test this question was to return to the country. (Hear, hear). Let them go there and see what the result would be. He hoped that hon. members would give the ministry power to carry out these works during the recess. It was all very well for a few gentry who had a fine main road kept up at the public expense to roll their carriages along and to say that the poor men in the outskirts of the colony were to walk about up to their eyes in mud, and slush, and wood, and brush. It was worse than the serfdom of Russia was such a state of things. and should be put a stop ! to. (Hear). He hoped that the amendment would be carried, and that the government would act up to the letter of their scheme. Mr. DAVIES hoped the hon. member for Richmond would not press his amendment. The hon. member professed not to be up, in constitutional < law, but he was really as well up in it as perhaps any hon. member. There were at present, however, only about half the number of members present . who constituted the House, and now they were asked to, give a carte blanche to the government to spend a sum of £80,000. The hon. member for Richmond said he had every confidence in the ministry, but there were others who had not. He had not, and he would not give the expenditure of so much money to this or any ministry. (Hear.) He warned the hon. member as to the nature of the act which he proposed to do, if be seriously contemplated voting for it. He (Mr. Davies) would not give this power to any government. He believed, however, that the hon. member had merely given this proposition in jest. They knew that the hon. member could be as facetious as any man on earth, and he believed this motion was not given in seriousness. The hon. member knew the constitutional law as well as any one, and he knew that to give any ministry power to expend large sums of money, except for specific purposes, was not in accordance with it. (near.) He under- wood the hon. member's motion to be that the money should be expended as the ministry thought proper, and this was given notwithstanding that the hon. member Mr. Horne had denounced his coadjutors motion as unconstitutional. . He denied that there was one scintilla of a precedent on record which could warrant such a course as this. The hon. member knew the law, and he hoped he would favor the House, with his" opinion on this point. Such a motion as this was he believed never heard of in this or any other colony before, he had come forward and proposed that a sum of £3,000 should be disposed of to do a specific work, but not that they should expend £80,000 in any part of the colony that the government might think fit. They had been frequently asked " What about your debentures ?" He should like to know who would purchase debentures of indefinite propositions of this kind were sustained. The hon. member for Richmond knew well what the constitutional law on the subject was, and he know that one branch of the parliament could not propose a thing which had been already refused by the other. Mr. GREGSON said there was nothing as common as a resolution of this kind. Mr. DAVIES continued to refer to the nature of the motion, and said this was the last day of the session and not half the parliament was present. He would therefore, put it to the hon. member whether he would proceed with such a proposition under such circumstances. He should oppose it. Mr. BALFE hoped the motion and the two amendments would be withdrawn. There could of course be no doubt that they were utterly unconstitutional. He would not have risen upon such a question but for the observations of an hon. mem- ber, which had taken him somewhat by surprise. These remarks were of a nature insulting to himself and there could be no doubt that they were directed at him no would leave it to the House to say whether he had over in his conduct attempted to ride rough shod over the House. He was always the man to ask for and maintain the right to liberty of speech and whenever he saw an hon. member treated unfairly in that respect he always rose to his rescue. He was, therefore, Sur prised when he heard an hon. member's remarks, and it would be folly for him to say that he did not understand the honorable member. He hoped that in all his intercourse with the Hence he would be able to maintain his position as a gentleman, and if he did sometimes drop expressions which might offend any hon. member he was always sorry for them. The hon. member had said that in consequence of the great power and influence of some hon. members, they got more money for their districts. He could assure the House that he had never by his influence out of the House, got one farthing for his district. He had not asked for it except in committee, and then all he asked for was the redistribution of the sum already appropriated. He had never otherwise asked for one farthing, nor had he any communication with the ministry during the recess. He must express his surprise that the hon. member for George Town who was generally SO gentlemanly, should have alluded to him in the manner he had done. Mr. KNIGHT did not rise to make any explana- tion of his remarks, because they must have been so well understood, and would be taken by the House for what they meant. They were quite intelligible enough. As to the remarks of the hon. member for Devon about the unconstitutional nature of the motion, he (Mr. Knight) had not wished to dictate to the House or he should have pointed that out. He waited to see whether the motion would be put by the Speaker; he thought himself at liberty to propose his amendment. Mr. GREGSON asked leave to withdraw his amendment, which was granted. The TREASURER said in reference to the motion of the hon. member Mr. Allison, they must all agree in the spirit of it, although they could not vote for it. The principle of the motion had been decided before, and the scheme referred to a select committee. It had gone through all the forms and was then referred to the Legislative Council, where it was rejected. He felt more in sorrow than in anger at this result. He was sorry that the scheme was not assented to, but he believed the sole reason was that it stood in the way of the Deloraine railway. This was he thought manifested by the fact that after the scheme was refused in its entirety FORM of the items were actually asked for by the persons who voted against it. (Hear.) He did not, however, see how it could be again brought forward till parliament met next session. An appeal to the country had been suggested, but this was unnecessary, as the Assembly had expressed itself so strongly in favor of the scheme. He could only hope that they would be able to induce the Council to accede to it when that august body met in 1865. He thought it was now undesirable to press on the government an unconstitutional mode of appropria- ting the public money. There were many necessary works, as for instance the bridges over the Leven and Forth, where the people were really suffering for want of roads. He thought they had better for the present be content to postpone the works, ultimately there could be no doubt they would have to be carried out. Mr. DOBSON said the speech of the hon. Treasurer was characterised by the good taste which generally characterised the hon, member. They had heard of the motives which led the other House to reject the scheme of reproductive works. He thought, however, if the hon. member would look nearer home, he would find a stronger reason for the rejection of the measure. Let him look at the absurd way in which the scheme was brought before the House-the utter absence of proper information. The scheme did not go up fortified with evidence sufficient to warrant this enormous expenditure. They had heard even the hon. member for Franklin declare before the scheme went to a committee that the sum of £25,000 proposed to be spent in his district, would have been positively injurious to his district. They had heard that more than once time after time. (No.) Hon. members might say yes, when they heard him out. It was altered in commitee and then they found as soon as there were £13,C30 to scatter broadcast through his district, the hon. member came forward and approved of the scheme. He for one objected to any executive having £13,000 to spend as they liked and he was surprised that any member could have assented to such a scheme. When he considered the way the scheme was brought up, he was not surprised at its being rejected. When they found that the slates and grindstones were to be the chief traffic on the Ringarooma road, no wonder that the work had to be considered. It was stated broadly that the Deloraine railway was the reason of this scheme being thrown out, but that was not the case. Why the scheme was sent up without even getting the report of Mr. Ronald Gunn who had surveyed the Ringarooma road ; he was not surprised that the work should be thrown out. He would not pro- long this debate further, as he believed the motion and amendments would be withdrawn. Mr. BALFE rose to explain that he had never stated that the plan first brought up would be injurious to his district. He said so before the scheme went into committee. Mr. DOBSON : That was what I said. (Hear, hear). Mr. ALLISON replied denying the remarks of the hon. member for Campbell Town, that the scheme was brought forward in an immature way. Her could not agree with that hon., member as to the reason of its being thrown out. If he had erred in bringing forward the motion, he had done so in his desire to serve his constituents. He deeply regretted that the session was allowed to pass without these works being carried out for the benefit of the colonists. He would withdraw the motion. Mr. KNIGHT would not consent to the withdrawal of his amendment, and the motion and amendment were both negatived. APPROPRIATION BILL. The TREASURER brought up an Appropriation Bill in reference to the amount tor Mr. Freeman's house rent. The bill was read a first and second time, and 2 The TREASURER moved the House into committee. Mr. DOBSON was deacon? of making a few remarks in reference to the policy of the government. The SPEAKER: The hon. member must confine himself to the question before the House. Mr. DOBSON would then move the adjournment of the House. When they looked at what had already taken place during the session, he was sure all would agree that they had better adjourn at once, as they certainly could do nothing for the good of the colony. As the ministry had brought in a variety of measures and failed in carrying them through if was really useless to sit there any longer. His object had been to say what he was about to say when they went into committee of supply but as he had not done so on the last occasion he would take the opportunity now as he believed no measure for the public good could now be gone into. The SPEAKER said the hon. member was not in order. It was true in motions for adjournment, hon. members were allowed some latitude, but it was only given by a relaxation of the rules. Mr. DOBSON quoted May in support of his right to address the House on general questions. Mr. KNIGHT said a similar privilege had recently been given urtho House of Commons in reference to the Danish question. Mr. DAVIES asked if it was not competent on a motion to go into committee of supply to raise the whole question of the policy of the government? The SPEAKER: Yes, that is the opportunity. This is a motion for a committee on a bill, and the hon. member is irregular. Mr. KNIGHT would then move that the hon. member be heard. Mr. DAVIES would prefer that it was not so if it would raise an irregularity. Though he was anxious they should have an opportunity to review the policy of the present government, be should prefer not to raise an irregularity. The SPEAKER said the hon. member was about to introduce an entirely new question to the House. He quoted from May to show that such a course was irregular. The hon. member had, of course, a right to speak, but it was the subject of his speech he objected to. Mr. DOBSON said he had not yet revealed the subject of his speech. He did not know the pro- phetic power of it. The SPEAKER: I allude to what the hon. member had said Mr. DOBSON continued. He moved the adjournment because he saw no prospect of anything beneficial being done. They found that the present government could not carry out their measures. For that reason he moved the adjourn- ment. If he was right he would proceed to enlarge on the subject; and he thought he had a right to give his reasons for moving the adjournment. He need only quote Her Majesty's speech to show that what he said was right The SPEAKER said the hon. member was now going into the general subject of the policy of the go vern ment. Mr. DOBSON said Surely he could give what reasons he liked for moving this adjournment. No good was being done, and none could be done now. The SPEAKER said the hon. member was irregular. Mr. DOBSON bowed to the decision of the chair. He had merely been desirous of doing his duty, or he would not have insisted. The motion was then put and carried, and the House went into committee. The bill was then passed through committee with an amendment, and the House resumed, the Chairman reported progress and the report was adopted. On the motion of the TREASURER the amendment was agreed to, and the bill was read a third time and passed. TAXES ON PUBLICANS. Mr. HORSE called attention to the fact, that in addition to their annual license fee, the holders of publicans licenses' keeping billiards were oblige to pay a fee of £10 a year, for the privilege. He wished with the leave of the House to make a motion on the subject, without notice. The SPEAKER ruled that the hon. member was out of order, The House adjourned until 7 o'clock. EVENING SITTING. Mr. DOBSON, in the absence of Mr. Douglas, moved that this House will resolve itself into a committee to consider of an address to the Governor, praying that His Excellency will be pleased to recommend to the House the appropriation of the sum of £1,800, to be paid to the trustees of the South Esk bridge, to enable them to repair the road and approaches to the said bridge, so as to make the same fit for traffic." He was about to bring the matter before the House, when it was pointed out that there would be no future opportunity of a committee being obtained. He withdrew the motion. The 'TREASURER would not object, but would point out the inconsistency of the hon. member Mr. DOBSON said he had merely moved the withdrawal of the motion. | ADJOURNMENT. The TREASURER moved that the House adjourn until 2 o'clook to-morrow. Mr. PERKINS called attention to the 234th rule, in reference to absent members, for more than two members had been away for more than 14 days during the session. This was very unfair to those members who attended to their duties, and he would call the attention of the Speaker to the matter. Mr. DOBSON said the hon. member for Fingal asked him to apply for leave that night, but as the prorogation would take place to-morrow, he believed it to be useless to apply. It was only country members who had absented themselves, and they could not expect men to come from the country and leave their business for more than two months at a time. (No.) Mr. SHARLAND said he was willing to make allowance for country members, but they should have the leave of the House. The hon. member for Cumberland had been absent nearly fourteen days, and had asked him to apply for leave, but he had not done so, for the same reason as stated by the hon. member for Campbell Town. Mr. DAVIES imagined that the hon. member merely wished to call attention to the matter. He quite agreed, and thought that hon. members should study the inconveniences of membership before they undertook the duties. Mr. GREGSON said that he thought the rules should be can led out in reference to all members who had been guilty of contempt. There were men in the House who attended merely to carry out some special schemes, and then they went away for the session. This was unfair and each member should be dealt with accordingly. The SPEAKER said the matter had better be left over for the present session. The hon. members should have an opportunity of excusing themselves. The motion in reference to adjournment was then carried. The House then adjourned. 