grey alpaca iWowfng drains FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1864. THE Council met yesterday at the usual hour, the Chairman of Committees presiding. Mr. PLUNKETT laid on the table despatches respect- ing the increased postage on English letters; also returns relating to trust moneys and to vaccination. The House went into committee on the Civil Service Superannuation Bill. Considerable discussion arose responding the amount of per-centage proposed to be deducted from the salaries, and also as to hearing of the bill on the legal rights of the civil servants to pensions secured under the Constitution Act. OF V actions were taken to some of the provisions, but no amendments were proposed, it being desired that the bill should be passed into law before the close of the session. The bill was reported, and the report adopted. The Bathurst Market Bill passed through committee without amendments. The House adjourned at a quarter past six o'clock until Wednesday next. IN the Legislative Assembly yesterday, In reply to Dr. LANG, Mr. WILSON said that the Government was not aware that any injury had accrued to free selectors in consequence of the recent decision of the Moama bench in the case of Maiden v. Main, and that the Government intended next session to bring in an Impounding Bill which would clearly define the rights of free selectors in this respect. In reply to the same hon, member, Mr. HOLROYD said that plans and tenders had been invited for the erection of new quarters for the Signal Master at the South Head, and that the invitation would remain open until the 26th instant. Mr. WILSON, in reply to Mr. RAPER, said that there had been no grant any land at Wingecarribbee, but that the land referred to had been reserved under the authority of an Act of Parliament as suitable for the cultivation of cotton ; the term of reservation had not yet expired, and therefore the land was not open to free selection. ¡RIn reply to Mr. LACKEY, Mr. W. FORSTER said that the Government had no authority to give compensa- tion to the drill sergeants of the Volunteer force who had recently been dismissed. Petitions were presented by Dr. LANG in favour of the Presbyterian College Bill). Upon the proposal to give precedence over the previous orders of the day to the order of the day for the consideration in committee of the Queensland Steam Navigation Company's incorporation Bill, some discussion arose as to the power of the House to entertain a motion without notice, which would have the effect of setting aside a sessional order, giving precedence to Government business. The SPEAKER ruled as to the point of order raised by Mr. PIDDINGTON, that the matter was in the hands of the House. The previous orders of the day having ace ardingly been postponed, the House went into committee, and the bill with one amendment passed through committee, and reported. The House then went into Committee of Supply. The Committee resumed with the consideration of the estimate for roads and bridges, at which point its previous sitting was interrupted. The reduced estimate of £11,775 was agreed to without discussion. I she says.? Vi £25,5 fw electric telegraphing agreed to, after some conversation which arose as to a charge made by Mr DUM.B, of official dealing with private telegrams for the purposes of production in evidence, and as to the power as to deal with them The estimates of £6789 for the Fitzroy Dr j Dock and £104 for miscellaneous services were agreed to Without discussion The following estimates, proposed to be raised by loan, were agreed to -£133,000 for railways, £234,827 to cover excess on votes taken in the years 1855, 1857, 1858, and 1860 for the extension of the Northern, Southern, and Western Railway is to Singleton, Picton, and Penrith, £46,00 for harbours and river navigation, £5000 for roads and bridge!, £10,000 for public works and buildings in the last mentioned estimates, as to the item of £5000 for harbour defences, it was explained that the Government proposed, in deference to the opinion of competent naval authorities, to arm the North Head and other well selected spots in the last estimate of £18,300 for electric telegraphs, Mr DRIVER moved the omission of the item of £9000 for the construction of a telegraph line from Mudgee to Murrurundi The motion was negatived by 2d to 2, and the estimate was agreed to. The committee then proceeded with the consideration of the postponed estimates ; the first of which was the estimate of £19,220 for police magistrates Mr W FoitsTi it said, that the vote was sanction, it would authorise the appointment of six additional police magistrates whom he would propose to distribute as follows Parramatta, Windsor, Berrima, Canowindra, Walgett, and Orange Mr Lucas moved that the estimate be reduced by the sum of £6035, so as to reduce the estimate for the present year to a level with that for the past year A long debate ensued as to the policy of extending the system of stipendiary magistrates Mr Lucas's motion was negatived by 10 to 13 Mr Dun in then moved that the estimate be reduced by the sum of £2930, being the amount proposed for additional police magistrates This motion was carried on a division of 18 to 19, thereby reducing the estimate to £10,290 His estimate for clerks of petty sessions was agreed to, subject to a reduction by the sum of £275, thus leaving the actual estimate for the service £15,402 I he estimate of £200 for a Queen s Plate to be run for on Randwick Racecourse, was carried on a division of 16 to 6 The postponed item of £3100 for compensation to Messrs J and W Rankin, for injury sustained by the opinion of the Lachlan Gold fields, was, after some discussion, carried without a division The Chairman was then ordered to report progress. The House adjourned at a quarter to one IT cannot be said that our English news is deficient in quantity, or that there are not items enough to set in motion a speculative mind. But what is the conclusion to which the electric wires from every capital in Europe conduct? We might assume from the various items almost any hypothesis. While Germany is at war with Denmark, it would seem that she is in imminent danger of being at war with herself. Austria and Prussia, naturally adverse to each other, are said to be objects of distrust to the petty German Princes who are resolved to set their pigmy armies in motion to defend the hereditary and federal rights of their several dukedoms. England and France and the German States have agreed to a conference, with certain preliminaries as data. But Denmark repudiates these admissions and contends, as a sine qua non, for that very territory which Germany most covers. Then England demands the inviolability of the Danish monarchy. France would be strongly opposed to the absorption of Denmark by Germany, but probably would be perfectly satisfied to see Denmark and Sweden united under one crown which would fall on the head of the descendant of a French General. Russia would object to the establishment of a powerful Scandinavian kingdom which might, by its maritime force, hold the keys of the Baltic, and would therefore, in reference to the preservation of the Danish monarchy, in its separate state, be more in accord with England than with France, With this variety of opinion on the particular subject of the conference, the European Powers would have a task of some difficulty even were all else at peace ; but the general agitation of Europe seems to have become intensified by this quarrel, and the traditional projects of different nations are defined more sharply. If Austria is involved in difficulties with Germany, will not Italy strike for Venice ? If Italy strike for Venice, will France bear behind in pursuit of a project which her diplomacy of course does not avow, but which her public writers have taken no pains to conceal, who speak of the approaching hour when the Eagles of France shall pause on the Rhine, never to retreat. England, it would seem, has made no ostensible movement to support her views by armed intervention. The question was discussed shortly before the mail last quitted England, and the Ministers, it is said, were somewhat divided in opinion. The final telegram seemed to imply that force was resolved upon, and a statement reached us that military aid had been already promised. There are, however, circumstances in Denmark which make all interference extremely difficult. In that country the old and new social life and s stems of opinion meet each other in their most violent forms. Their radicalism is not so coarse and is far more systematic and intelli- ' gent than the radicalism of Anglo-Saxons, but it is extremely dangerous because it is always panting to realise an impossible ideal. The toryism of the Duchies of Denmark is much more antiquated and personal than among the highest Tories of Great Britain, most of whom would repel with indignation the smallest encroachments on the liberty of the subject, and to whom the State gives little as its grand prizes but a few stars and ribbons. It is difficult to say what fermentation underlies these dynastic and national struggles ; what are the ultimate purposes of any who are engaged in them. The two great sections of Germany which seem to be united against Holstein are profoundly divided and alienated, but both have an overshadowing power which but for their mutual counteraction would soon swallow up all petty Nominations, and whether under a republican or monarchical form of Government make the law and authority of Germany run as far as its language. But if, perhaps, italy waits the opportunity to seize upon Venice, and France to approach the Rhine, both Austria and Russia have certainly their projects and embarrass- ments. Poland, it seems, by an _ army which issues from the forests, directed by an invisible Government and supported by a spontaneous revenue, is often victorious. Assuredly, if this gallant resistance against the power of a giant empire shall continue much longer it will produce an irresistable enthusiasm among the western nations which their Governments will hardly be able to control. The Polish agitation is, however, exciting the fears of the two other partitioning powers, and thus a common interest may lead to their union in measures of repression a contingency which the EMPEROR. of FRANCE has pronounced beforehand as one imposing the gravest responsibility on the Western Powers of Europe. In such a confusion and intersection of interests no mortal mind, not even of those who possess the fullest knowledge and the profoundest views can foresee the result of the morrow. England has shown the strongest aversion to war in standing off where her interests are really concerned. Her enemies will assign this hesitation either to the love of money or to the terror of her foes. Perhaps it may mean that her statesmen gee Marie clouds gathering on therefor ' portending convulsions, when the new ? strength of the greatest national sufficient to hold her own. India. Austria China, Canada, the West Indies, the A ranean, and numerous other parts of the world, offer themselves to the north. Whenever that great battle shortcoming all nations anticipate: the war of the new against the rich of the weak JZ he. mighty of the misses as their rulers, often their tyrants-of brut ignorance against a sharp and clever .eKotZ which once took its firm in rcvoluuW but is now shaping itself under the name of nationalities-then may be the hour of Eng land's trial, when she must harmonise ill eternal principles of humanity with her national policy, which may convert her allies into enemies Whenever that war shall come England will need the valour of all her seam.,! is? the activity of all her men of science and skill I all her ships and all the revenue she can F command to equip and send them forth, that while hostile nations desolate continents' she fe may preserve on the ocean the ascendancy of her flag, and thus be in a condition to succour and defend her vast but for- divided Empire. The relative positions of nations change with the lapse of ages. What has been the history of our country in war as well as in peace we know and so far as the spirit of the nation is concerned we have no reason to be ashamed, but England will go into a new war under conditions which may well awaken anxiety in the heart of every patriot statesman for it is not without sacrifice. of unexampled severity and bitterness that we should meet the brunt of that deadly strife Meantime there are millions of men in arms. Tens of thousands of miles of railroad converge to many n centre. New instruments of death and destruction have been perfected by experience, and America has shown the pertinacity of military ambition and party resentment, which reminds us that in the din of battle the voice of reason is no longer heard, and even natural affections are extinct. THE character of the American news does not 1 warrant any anticipation of an early peace. It 1 is evident that the war must continue over at 1 least one more bloody campaign. It is a wat E of exhaustion, and neither side is as yet so worn | out as to be able to hold on no longer. The of drain upon the population, however, is severe, of It is comparatively less felt at the North, be. J cause it is numerically the stronger, and because i it is fed by a constant stream of immigration. [ But even there volunteering is exhausted, and the first conscription only produced a tenth of its estimate. A second conscription of three hundred thousand men is now ordered, and the law has been amended so as to make the exemption much more difficult, and to raise the commutation fine to five hundred dollars, or about a hundred pounds. Rich men will pay this and get off, but poor men cannot afford it, and if drafted must go; This compul- sion must be very alien to the self-willed habits which a long course of republicanism has engendered ; but there is no help for it. The Govt minent is too strong to be resisted ; it has been supported at the elections by a majority of votes, and the experience of the New York riots shows that any attempt at resistance would be put down with the strong hand. If the Federals had known in the first instance what it would cost them to restore the Union, they would have let the South go rather than involve themselves in such frightful calamities. But when war once begins for a definite object, it is difficult to stop it with that object unattained. National pride and of obstinacy come in to prevent any surrender. i In the South the pressure for soldiers is still greater than in the North. All trace of personal liberty has disappeared. The conscription is exhaustive and unrelenting, and leaves no reserve of force to fell back upon, unless it be to arm the negroes. The Federal law has provided for the forcible seizure of negroes with compensation to their owners. But this compensation can only be given in Government paper or promises to pay, and the effect upon negro owners will be very much the same as a compulsory manumission at a low price. Apart from the wishes or intentions of either party to the strife, the war is telling practically with great force on the institution of slavery, and the longer the war is continued the more complete will be the destruction of the system it was meant to conserve. In this suit it is permitted to other nations to rejoice, however they may lament the process by which the end is achieved. The Federal Government has proceeded at I last to a step towards which it has long been I tending, viz , the absolute confiscation of Con- I federate lands. If proof were wanting that it is 4 a war a footrace, this affords it. No such a policy would be announced of there remained any hope of compromise or of submission. The | Federal Government which has held back as long as any such hope was possible, has been urged to it by the force of public opinion animated by revenge, and also by financial considerations. Northern finance is approaching a more critical condition than any it has hitherto been in. The issue of greenbacks is coming to an end, and it is necessary to raise fresh funds by an interest-bearing loan. To have a territorial security at the back of that loan will give greater confidence, and the accumulation of debt will be viewed with less alarm if it is believed that the debt will hereafter be paid off by the sale of confiscated lands. This prospect if it encourages the North, will make the South more savage and desperate. So far as the progress of the war goes there appears to have been more military movements than was to have been expected in winter weather. There is evidently no intention to abandon Richmond, and the place is not left defenceless, as General BUTLER has found out, for an expedition he despatched to take it has been captured. Luckily for him, he was not with the expedition, for it will fare hardly with him if he falls into Confederate hands. BUIIEB, though possessing the full measure of Yankee self-confidence, has never distinguished himself as a successful General, and the failure of his last exploit will not raise his reputation in that respect. LONG STREET is not driven out of Tennessee, and has resumed the offensive. He seems to have defeated the Federals at Knoxville, but he has not got possession of the place. The position. of the Federal force there, however, is critical, , if it is true that the Confederates have regained possession of Tazewell and Cumberland Gap GRANT is still quiet at Chattanooga, organ- . ising probably for a vigorous Spring campaign, and refusing to peril his army or his reputation by a precipitate and immature movement His communications on the right flank, however, are disturbed, if it is true that the Confederates have recaptured Corinth and Fort Pillow, and an island in the Mississippi, He has two routes by which he draws his supplies one is via Nashville, and the other is T Memphis, on the Mississippi, along the Memphis and Charleston road. But this railroad communications intercepted if the Confede- res hold Corinth', and the navigation of the Mississippi is endanged if the Confederates hold an island and Fort Pillow. It remains to be seen, however, whether they can retain as well is capture these places. _ That the siege of Charleston is for the pre- ent abandoned is no surprise after the seven- ions made about the inability of the Monitors o withstand the fire of the forts. This is a disappointment to the North, which had set its Heart on the capture of the focus of rebellion ; Und it is a proportionate encouragement to the south, which had begun to regard the loss of the seaport cities as inevitable. The Iron fleet has gone off temporarily to florida, but it may suddenly return and renew an unexpected attack on Charleston, especially if the defensive force is called off anywhere, and if the attacking squadron should be strengthened by the new ironclads, the Dictator, the Puritan, and the Dunderberg, which are said to be immensely stronger than the original Monitors. The abandonment of the siege may he a trap to catch BEATJKEOA.TID napping, for it is impossible for the Confederates to become acquainted with the movements of the Federal Peerages 