TEVJißDAT, MAY 5, 1851 In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. EVBBABD inquired the reason why all trace of his motion on the lind question had disappeared from the paper, although the House had come to no decision on the ques- tion? The SPEAKER said, as the House was counted out on a division, the question lapsed, but it would be competent for the bon. member to place the motion on the paper a second time. Mr. B. G. DAVIES gave notice that, to-day, he would ask whether the Government had received any official communication of the result of tho appeal in the case Dill v. Murphy. The House then went into committee to consider Mr. Micbie'a motion to alter the scale of licence fees provided for in the Pub- licans Acts Consolidation and Amendment Bai. The increaso in the packet licence-fee from £2 to £10 was agreed to without opposi- tion. The proposal to raiso tho confectioners' licenso-fce to £10, was met by Mr. M'CANN with an amendment that tho fco be £5, which amendmont was carried by twenty to nine. On the motion for the creation of a " special temporary licence," at £1 per month, Mr. SMYTH proposed that the amount should bo £3, but the amendment was negatived with- out a division, and the motion was agreed to. The result was then reported to the House. The House afterwards went into committee of supply Mr. VBBDON moved a grant of £125,000 for the purpose of public instiuction. Mr. BEEBY complained that the Common Schools Act was systematically violated in many school;, in so far as related to tho de- voting of four consecutive houw daily to secular education. Mr. M'CULIOOH soid he was not aware of this, but tho matter was entirely in tho hands of the Board of Education. . Mr. WOODS contended that the Board of Education was an obstructive body, and that the education of the country should be under the supervision of a Minister responsible to Parliament. Mr. H'CrjLLOou admitted that such a change was desirable, although ho would not commit his colleagues to the samo view. When asked for information on educational matters, he was unable to give more than that sup- plied to him by the Board of Education, Mr. BAMHAT advocated the repeal of tho Common Schools Act. Mr. Onn hoped the Government would consult toijethor on the question. The act he thought good enough, but the machinery required amendment. Mr. VEBDON submitted that while it was desirable that the deportment of Public In- struction should be represented in Parlia- ment by a responsible Minister, it should not bo forgotten that the Board of Education had to dischaige very onerous duties, and that unforeseen difficulties must arise of necessity in the administration of a now system. Mr. M'OAMN complained of the difficulty there was in obtaining any information from the Board of Education. Mr. WOOD called attention to the fact that there were no means of ascertaining the truth of many complaints made against the Board of Education, becauso the Ministiy knew scarcely more than did private members of the operations of the board. The vote was agreed to, as wero also the following:-£2,000 for the Immigrants' Aid Society, £500 towards the erection of a Sailors' Home, and £2,700 for the remunera- tion of scab inspectors. Progress was then reported. The House adjourned at twonty minutes to eight o'clock till this day. The Victorian Association has at last condescended to emerge from out of the veil which shrouded its operations, and which even made doubtful the fact of ita existence. It has come into court, just like any other public body, to pursue with a substantial claim, a real defendant, in a matter-of-fact way. There is hence- forth no reason for believing that it is a myth, or that it pursues some dark end, for some mysterious purpose. The end and tho purpose havo been plainly set forth in a regular prospectus, such as any common associated body" might have put foith ; and thero is no reason to believe that the prospectus does not actually declare the full objects of the association. Greatly to the disap- pointment no doubt of those political mystery-mongers who for the last three years have been trading on the pre- sumed character of the Victorian Asso- ciation, it is now discovered that there really is no secret at all about the matter. This is no mystical brother- hood or Yehme- Gerichte. It is but a coumonplace and very ordinary society, of such a sort as exists in England by dozens, having a very plain and prosaic end to cany out. Messrs. CHARLES KYAN and HERBERT POWER are flesh and blood personages, who may be safely encountered any day on the sunny side of Collins-street. WV are credibly informed that they do not present the aspect of conspirators of any malignant or bloodthirsty type. So far as the evidence goes, they have not, neither do they claim, any cha- racter of profound political guile. They bavo published the prospectus of tho Victorian Association, in suing one of their subscribers for the amount of his contribution ; and thero has been no attempt' on the part of the defendant to traverse any part of the statements therein contained, or to declare that the . objects stated to bo the objects of the association, were not really so. Those objects wo perceive to be to " seek out " ena promote by all means in their " power the return to Parliament of " men of liberal and enlarged views " -men " who will be guided by " a tenacious regard for the public " welfare, rather than by a desire to ob " tain the temporary approbation of any " one section of the community." Without venturing to express any opinion as to whether the association has any legal cla'm upon its members for the amount of their promised sub- scriptions, wo may fairly venture to discuss the policy of tho association, as elicited in the course of this case. So far as the defendant himself is con- cerned, the issue raised is an extremely narrow and entirely technical one. He might have repudiated his promissory note to Messrs. RYAN and POWER, on the ground that the course taken by the association was illegal and against good morals, which he could have done had the aim of the society been one of bribery and coiiaption. But he has chosen to take his stand on narrower ground. Not denying that the objects of the association were legal, ho declares that they have been pursued by illegal means. Ile contends that every means of operating on the election of members . of Parliament is an illegal means-that every individual being responsible for the due'performance of his own political duty, to interfere with that responsibility 13 against the policy of the law; and that, even an object in itself legal and laudable, becomes infected with an illegal taint if pursued by illegal means. On the other hand, it is maintained by the counsel for the association, that nob only is the end legal, but the means also j that the expenditure of money at elections, in the manner proposed by the society, was perfectly legal ; that such means do not necessarily include the exercise of any corrupt influence on the electors, and, therefore, that while the end proposed can be followed by legal means, there ought to bo no presump- tion that any other than legal meau3 have been used. On the part of the defendant, it is to be boine in mind that he does not cite a single case wherein any but the avowed objects of the association were pursued in any but a legitimate manner. The only thing for us, therefore, to discuss, as a question of public policy, is, whether or not such institutions as the Victorian Association are a lawful and justifiable means of political in- fluence. We judge of the character of the Victorian Association, of course, only by its published prospectus. Whether or not it has always abided by its simple purpose of " seeking out " and promoting the return to Parliament " of men of libeial and enlarged views," it is not for us to say. The association itself is responsible for many of the stories which have been circulated of the nature and extent of its evil-doings, by the air of mystery in which it has chosen to enshroud itself from the beginning. Judging of it simply by its prospectus, there is certainly nothing illegal or improper, or against public morals, or the constitutional theory, in the objects set forth. Precisely similar institutions, with exactly similar ob- jects, are numerous in the mother country; and the Victorian Associa- tion, if it has done no more than appears on the face of the record, has certainly done no more than the Reform and the Carlton Clubs, and a hundred Liberal, Conservative, and other political societies in the United King- dom. The only ground for objection there can exist against such societies is when thejr objects ape pursued in tho dark, and their operations are in secret. PHmâ facie, there is nothing improper or unconstitutional in such societies. To seek out eligible candidates, and to pay their election expenses, to attend to the registration of electors, to bring up apathetic voters to the poll, to guard against undue influencesbeingused on the other side-these are all perfectly lawful and proper objects for a political asso- ciation to pursue. And though thero will always bo charges brought by their political opponents against such societies, of exceeding their published programme, and of using bribes and moans of corruption or intimidation, yet the fact tbat such suspicions are engendered is no argument against perfect liberty of action being given to such societies. In this country, it is perhaps even more necessary than in England that wo should have associations who should do that sort of political work which the English registration societies perform; and it ought not to surprise us to find that the wealthier classes aro able to command the most powerful and suc- cessful organisation. Universal suf- frage, which expands the franchise, in reality restricts our choice of eligible representatives. We havo not, as in England, a class which seeks Parliamen- tary honours for their own sake, and which can afford to pay for them. The honour is in most cases a barren one, and tho distinction ono which is rather avoided than sought, by the very persons who ought to be in Parliament. What association, there- fore, can be more patriotic in its object, or more useful in its action, than one which devotes itself to the seeking out of eligible candidates, and, if necessary, to the payment of their expenses 1 The proper check to any abuse of auch an institution, is for the opposite party to have another. The antagonism between the two would prevent either of them from usurping too much political power, or from carrying out its aims by corrupt and unlawful means. We have nothing to add in support of Mr. KYTE'S motion, and wo have suf- ficient confidence in the patriotism and common sense of the Assembly to pre- dict that it will meet with the reception that it merits. Public opinion has ex- pressed itself in language that needs no interpretation, and everything that hath logic has spoken out in favour of a measure that is but a fair and logical sequence to what has preceded it. We Lave reached the critical state of the argument, and wo know of no more forcible form in which our conclusions can be expressed. There must be an end of trifling. Wo are at a stage in which action is necessary to support our previous reasoning. To go back is im- possible, to stand sti'l is impolitic, to advance is the only way to succeed. Thero is only one method of getting out of the dilemma we have courted, and Mr. KYTE'S motion embodies it. Con- stitutional difficulties in its way there are none, and as to moral difficulties, which sensitive minds might be disposed to raise in view of a proceeding that looks .unfuial and presumptuous, they have been cleared out of our path by the admission of tho Duke of NEWCASTLE to the de- putation of colonists who visited him in December last, that wo havo a right to consider ourselves placed on an equal footing with the mother country. Mr. KYTE'S scheme once adopted, it would bo easy enough to carry it out. Thero might bo some hesitation in sending over three hun- dred ticket-of-leave men, but thero could bo no doubt as to the feasibility and the legality of substi- tuting as many expirées. The re- taliation, though not quito complete, would be probably effectual, and it would at any rato satisfy the sense of justice of tho community, wliich is not pledged to a career of vinclictiveness, but simply committed to a struggle for its rights. And this is an important clement in our protestation. It is essential to remember that our resistance is not a factious one -that the question at issue is not a ques- tion of theory or of policy-that the prize wo aro contending for is not one of a mere sentimental value-that tho claim we are advancing is not for the re- cognition of this or that principle of the constitution, or this or that form of polity. It is a substantial grievanco affecting our material interests that wo complain of-a stumbling-block in tho path of our moral progress as a nation that we claim to have removed. But though the scheme before the House is unequal in degree, it is a satisfaction to feel that in kind the retaliation will be complete. The injury offered us will be retorted upon the offenders. We cannot give quite as much as we get, but we shall at least be repaying in tho same coin, if not in the same quantity. Instead of six hundred convicts, we must be con- tent with the contribution of three hun- dred specimens of the samo genus, kindred in tastes and in aspirations. There would at least bo a principle of reciprocity in our conduct ; wo should at least be turning the tables in very appropriate fashion. Having said so much about the rationale of our proceeding from time to time, it would bo a reflection on the common sense and the public spirit of our readers to repeat the old arguments and convictions. The power of tho press is limited to comment, and that engine we have done our best to ply to tho best effect. It remains for society to .set in motion tho machinery at its com- mand, and direct its influence to the end which the press has suggested. The Anti-transportation League and the Legislative Assembly are the two bodies into whose keeping the discussion of the question is naturally committed. Upon one or both of them the respon- sibility from henceforth rests of bringing to a favourable issue the struggle to which the community has deliberately committed itself. Transportation to Western Australia must cease. Upon this wo aro unanimous, and this is the end to be attained. Given the problem, the means for solution are in their hands. The Legislativo Assembly did not go into committeo last eveniug, as was expected, on tho Mining Bill. Thoreason assigned was the absence of many of the miniDg members, and the desirability of the nouso's being made ac- quainted with some viows put forward by the Ballarat Mining Board in relation to the mea- sure. The order of tho day was therefore postponed until this evening. It li proposed that the fees to bo lovied under the Act to Amend tho Dog Act shall bo appropriated to the uso of the councils of Bluies and boroughs. A message to that effect, from nis ExceUoncy the Governor to tho Legislative Assembly, preceded the in- troduction of the bill. The special general meeting of the members of tho Port Phillip Farinera' Society, callod for yesterday, was adjourned until Monday next, lu consequence of so few persons being present. Mr. Michie's amended scale of licence-fees carne bofore the Legislative Assembly last evening, but, while sanction was given to an increase in the packet-licouce fee from £2 to £10, ard the creation of a " special temporary licence" at £1 per month, tho proposal to raise tho confectioners' liconce-feo from £5 to £10 was rejected by twenty to nine. A return was presented to the Legislative | Council a few evenings ago, on tho motion of the Hon. W. Highett, which placc3 tho affairs of tho Yan Yean water supply in a clear ond intelligible light. The accounts are brought down to tho 31st of December last. The total amount of money raised for Yan Yean purposes is stated at £788,02517s. 4d. ; nnd the sum expended was £780,638 12a. id., inclusive of a Bum of £5,337 17s. lid. ad- vanced to the Geelong Wuter Commission. In 1857 a sum of £30,C30 was paid off; in If58, £37,000; and in the five following years ¡£50,000 per annum, making a total of £817,000, leaving £183,003 still due. The charge for interest amounts this year to £27,480: inl8G6it will bo £24,480; in 1866, £21,480; in 1867, £17,880; in 1808, £13,890; in 18C9, £10.5C0; in 1870, £7,600; in 1871, £4,500; and in 1872, £1,500-or £129,210 of interest which has still to be paid. The work of construction was commenced in 1853, and in 1859 a maintenance ac- count was opened for the first time. For that year the "salaiioa" of the depart- ment amounted to £10,500 17s. 9d. ; in 1802 they wero £7,291 8s. Id. ; and in 1863, £7,700 12s. lid. The total expenditure in connexion with tho works np to the 31st December last was £1,054,471 4s. lid., the Tosenoir and main-pipe track having cost £748,973 15s. id. The reticulation of Mel bouino and the suburban municipalities and districts cost £157,818 15s. lOd. £4,000 has leen expended on the new reservoir at Pres- ton (which is expected to cost £12,000), and £18,455 lCs. 3d. has been expended in supply- ing tho Yan Yean to Footscray and Williams town-a service the total cOBt of whioh is estimated at £27,000. The purchase of the rights and interests of the South Yarra \V4t3r works Company cost £17,57911s. The revenue from the Yan Yean in 1851 (leaving out shil- lings and pence) was £1,666; in 1855, £10,856; in 1850, £10,109; in 1857, £18,513; in 1858, £23,460; in 1859,£27,879; in 1860, £15,714; la 1861\. £Ci,121 ; in 1862, £46,037 ; and ia 1863, £49,705. ID these ten years, therefore, tho Yan Yean wator has produced a sum of ££98,741163. Id. The tramway ia let for a rent of £250 per annum. Mr. Kyto's motion to secure a vote of £5,000 to defray the cost of sending expircos to England ia the first item, of " general business" which appears on the Legislative Assembly paper this evening, and no doubt it will come on for consideration if the Govern- ment business is disposed of by a reasonable hour. Tho sum of £125,033 was votod for educa- tional puiposes by the Legislative Assembly in committee of supply last evening, after a discussion upon the necessity for amending the Common Schools Act and creating a Minister of Publio Instruction. The Board of Education seems to be out of favour with tbe House. From a return laid before the Legislative Courcil, on the motion of the Hon. G. W Cole, it appeara that the variouB public piora and whnrves erected by tho Government between 1850 and 1863, both inclusive, cost £498,602 9s 8d. ; and for repairs, £24,196 19s 6d.; in oil, £522,699 9s. Id. To build the Queen's and the Australian wharvos (Mel- bourne) cost, in round numbers, £246,946 ; to form Batman's-hill Basin, £23,281; the Penal Jetty, at Williamstown, £13,034 ; tho Ann-street Jetty, there, £30,916 ; the jetty at Sandridge £36,728 ; the wharves at Geelong £65,721; the jetty at Warrnambool, £10,804; the pier at Portland, £10,416; the pier at Bel- fast, £7,866; Queenscliff Jetty, £4010; Schnapper Point Jetty, £6,992; St. Kilda Pier, £4,789; Welthpool Pier, £á,437; Port- arlington Pier, £2,084: Port Albert Jetty, £2,677; and Dromana Jotty, £2,389. Sinco 1850 the maintenance of tho wharves at Mel- bourne has cost £13,520. In the matter of the Third White Hill Mining Company, a meeting was held yester- day of those shareholders who had received a summons to appear in (he Court of Mines, Sandhurst, on the 26th May. Dr. Wilson was called io the chair, and it was resolved to resist the claims of Mr. Turnbull. The meot ing was adjourned until Monday next, when a larger attendance was oxpected, to confirm the resolution arrived at. The half-yearly general meoting of the Civil Service Cricket Club take! place this after- noon, at a quartcr-pa3t four, at Marshall's, when tho usual report of the pa3t season will ho brought up by the committee. The treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital thankfully acknowledge? the receipt of £20 from Mr. J. A. Macarthy, being part of the proceeds of a muff cricket match, Engineers v. Contractor?, played on the Riohmond ground. The Head-Quarters Band will play this afternoon, from three to five o'clock, at the Fitzroy-gardens, tho following pieces of music:-1, Overture, "Les Vôprcs Sici- liennes," Verdi ; 2, Quadrille, Scotch, Faust; 3, Grand selection, " L'Eclair," Halevy ; 4, Grnnd Coronation M ireh, Meyerbeer; 5, Waltz, "The Courtiers," Launer; 6, Grand selection, " Una Billo in Marchera," Verdi ; 7, Gnlop,"Bosa Alien," Kühner; and God Save tho Queen. A child named Annio Somer, aged two years and a half, was talton into the hospital a little after seveu o'clock last evening, suffering from some veiy S3vere iujuries re- ceived from having been thrown by a cow, in Bouverie- street, Carlton. Tho extent of the Injuries was hardly known, but the con- dition of the child seemrd very precarious. Tho racehorses Falcon and Roebuck arrived last evening by the Coorong from Adelaide. They are said to be in splondld order. Tho City Council at the adjourned weekly meeting yesterday sat for fir hours hearing and determining appeals against assessments mode by the valuators for the various wards of tho city. The appeals in mo3t instances wero disallowed, and tho assessments con- firmed, and in those appeals which wero sustained the reductions in the valuation varied from £5 to £500, while in ono case that of St. Patrick's College-the assessment was set aside altogether, this establishment claiming exemption from payment of rates by reason of its being simply used as n school at present, and also becanso thero were no boarders in it. The appeals disposed of yesterday wero those from ratepayers in Bouike, Gipps Li Trobe, and Lonsdalo Words ; and thoso from Smith Ward will bo heard this afternoon at three o'clock, to which timo the council, aft-»r a Bhort but Bharp discussion, decided to adjourn. The mayor presided during the whole of the sitting. At the Geelong Police Court yesterday, the poor girl Ann Bates, who was confined of a child at the Union Hotel somo two months ago, was brought up, charged with lunacy, and was remanded for sevon days, for medical treatment. This is the giri who was arrested by tho pollcf, and charged with having mur- dered her child (which, in fact, was still-born). At tho time of her airost, the Government Burgeon Eaid that such an offence being im- puted to her in the state in which she was might produce disastrous results. Unfortu- nately, he predicted too truly; the poor crea- ture is quita insano, although In other re- specta in the enjoyment of Bood health. The man James Alderton, charged, on remand, with stealing twelve hoad of cattle from Mr. Gregory, in 1868, was discharged, tho police having failed to discover Mr. Gregory. Tho following "Additional Estimates of Expenditure for 1804" woro laid before tho Legislative Assembly last ovening:-"Scab Prevention-The chief inspector (including travelling expenses), £700 ; four scab inspec- tors, additional (at £500), £2,000; total, £2,700." A vote for tho amount was after Wards taken in Committee of Supply. The Supreme Court, in its Divorce jurisdic- tion was occupied yesterday with tho caso of Terry ». Terry and Murcutt, in which the peti- tioner prays for divorce from the respondent, on the grounds other drunken h ahita and hor adultery with the co-respondent, who at the timo whon the offence, as it is alleged, was committed was tho petitioner's brother's partner in a brewing establishment in Mel- bourne. The petitioner and his wife wore mar- ried, in Melbourne, in 1858, their acquaintance having begun by his hiring hor to bo his house- keeper at Gisborne. They had eight children. -twins having been bom on three occasions ; five of tho children, however, aro dead. ' The evidence showed that they had lived un- happily together. One of the petitioner's wit- nesses, Mary Cole, was committed to gaol for twenty-four houre, for contempt of court, having become intoxicated before sho en- tered the witness-box. The case will be ro Buraed again on Friday. A publie meeting waa held, at the Mecha- nics' Institute, last evening, convened for the purpose of hearing the directors of the Kew Zealand Rivers Gold-mining Com- pany explain their plans of operations, and to allow the patentees of the appa- ratus proposed to bo used to describe its principles and working details. The chair was taken by Mr. B. G. Davies, M.L.A. As M. Villain, the representative of the patentees, spoke English imperfectly, Mr. J. Ramsay, M,L.A^ explained the pro posed mode of operation. This was, shortly. to work the bads of running rivers in New Zealand known to be auriferous, by moan? of a kind of submarine boat, different from the ordinary diving-bell in having no communi- cation whatever with the surface. Tho con- struction of the machine, its various com- partments, the method of sinking it, it3 rese-rvoir of compressed air, chemical con- trivances for purifying tho vitiated air and manufacturing oxygen gas for purposes of respiration, the means provided by which the three men who occupied it could chango its position by a winch and kodgo anchor, tho mode of raising it by ex- pelling water by the forco of the condensed air, and thus rendering the machine lightor, &c.;,-all these details were set before tho meeting by tho exposition of Mr. IUmsay. Seveial questions and doubts offered by Mr. Weekes and Mr. J. Davies, M.L.A.'í, woro answered by the patcnteo and by Mr. Ramsay. Mr. Woods, M.L.A, likewlso ex- pressed his views on the invention a3 one which, at anyrate, he thought worthyof atrial, on a reduced scale, by a small machine being built here and tested on tho river. To judge from the tone of the meeting, the various ex- planations given failed altogether to demon- strate tho practicability of the proj ecfc, and tho meeting separated without any definite con- clusion as to its merits being arrived at. We havo our files from Adelaide to tho 2nd inst., by the Coorong, which arrived yester- day, after a smart passage. From the lie gisicr'i report of the settling on the races we notico that the amount of the stakes paid over to Mr. P. Dowling, on account of Falcon the winner of the Adelaide Cup, was £1,042 5s.; and on account of Boebuck, £50. For the St. Leger, won by Ohryso lite, Mr. H. Fisher received £217. Sir J. H. Fisher presided, and in proposing "The winners," ho remarked that the meeting was "the forerunner of a mutual good under- standing between them and their Melbourne friends. (Cheers.) He thought It would lead to good feeling which would be agreeable to all, and would lead to the establishment of periodical racep, which might bo so ar- ranged ns to enable oach colony to tako part in thom. Ho felt sure it would en banco tho spirit of their racing, and prosnoto a good feeling with their Victorian friends." Mr. S. Waldock returned thanks, on behalf of Mr. Dowling. He said " ho felt proud to seo an inferior horse carry off the cup, as it was cal- culated to give a stimulus to racing. He felt sure thero were some horses in the field which, had they been fit, would havo won ; but it was ngieat credit ti his trainer and rider that Falcon should win. He was glad to thibk there were men in Victoria who could he trusted with the training of horses, and with any amount of monoy. If he lived till next year, bo hoped to have nine or ten horses in training, and he should bring over tho best horse to win." Sir J. H. FiBhor said " ho would tako that opportunity of re- marking that the stewards hoped to bo in a position to offer a cup noxt year equal to that at the late meeting. He trusted this would act as a stimulus to the Victorians to bring out bettor horBep, and that the sportsmen of the colony would be induced to bring out finer ttcck nlso." At the Emerald-hill Police Court yester- day, James Appoo, the well known Chinese detective, appeared as defendant in two cases, one in which the plaintiff sought to recover £6 damages for an assault ; and another in which the same person-a female, named Frances A. Edmonds-sued for the mainte- nance of two illegitimate children. The plaintiff was a voung woman who had for some years lived with Appoo, at Beechworth, Castlemaine, and Melbourne. About a fort- night ago a difference arose between them, the plaintiff stating that Appoo wished to get rid of her, as he was about to be married, She went on the 29th ult. to a house at Emerald-hill, where he had directed her to call for her things, and meeting Appoo there, some high language passed between them, ending, as she stated, in his throwing her down, kicking, and otherwise ill- using her. Her screams drew a police-man to the spot, which put an end to the assault. Appoo's statement, as given in court, retorted the charge of abusive language and violence upon the plaintiff, who, he said, had caused his dismissal from the force by coming to tho office and creating a disturbance there. He admitted the paternity of the children, and offered to take and support them. The Bench, considering with respect to the assault that one party was as much to blame as the other, dismissed that case ; on the other, the defendant was ordered to pay the plaintiff 20s. weekly for twelve month for the support of the children. On the ap plication of plaintiff's solicitor, defendant was required to provide two responsible sureities for the payment of the money. Only about a dozen of the salmon ova wero found dead yesterday morning. Th strongest hopes are now ontortained of th success of the experiment. Meetings of Danish residents, to express ii a practical manner sympathy with thoi country now engaged in war, aro about to b held at Haywood and Sandhurst. Mr. and Mrs. Kean commenced a shoi engagement of four nights only at Sandhura last night, when they played tho " Morchan of Venlco." The Advertiser remarks the "tho demand for tickets to witness tho yo: formnnces during the week is said to be mo* satisfactory; and it is anticipated that tb theatre will bo almost too small to accon modate the audience on each night." A sham fight, in which both tho horse an foot volunteers of Ballarat will be engagei is to take place at Ballarat on the Queen1 birthday. A ball in the evening will wind-u the proceedings of tho day. The last escort from Talbot brought dow not less than 8,610 ounces of gold. Tho Talbot leader reports an intercstin and not unimportant discovery in that noigl bourhood, as follows:-"Hitherto thocouri of tho Mount Greenock Lead being direct! through tbo mount itself has rested moi upon conjecture than upon any positive cv d ence, hut the discovery made hy the Prlnco i Wales Tunnel Company, onWednesday, settli the point boyond conjeoturo. There is no no longer any room to doubt that thiB les paBSOS directly beneath the apex of th gigantio formation, and both geologically at in a gold-mining! point of view the discovei is fraught with the utmost importance both I the fcientific man and tho practical minc On Friday, the mon engaged on the face the tunnel-a distance of 1,100 foet from ti open-struck gravel, and at onco wero co: vinced of having reached a poiut in ti Mount Greenock Lead. Wo have not heai what tho prospects obtained wero-gold w seen we know-but we have been informi most reliably, that tho shareholders aro i markably well pleased with the discovo they have made. Tho bottom waa dipping tho point at which tboy found washdirt, that they imagine that tboy are but on t edge of deeper ground, and anticipate th the farther they drive tho better the groui will prove to be." The presiding magistrates at the Rlchmoi Police Court yesterday wore Mr. M'Orao, J.' and Mr. Templeton, P.M. Henry Harv< charged hy tho police with injuring pub property by removing Band, was fined I Charles Chamberlain was fined 2a. Gd. fo: similar offence. Walter H. Curzon, a public! was complained against by the police for not having the accommodation in his licensed house which the act requires. After hearing the statements of the police, the Bench cancelled defendant's licence. Citherino M'Grath, for allowing her cows to wander about the streets, was fined 10s. A chargo of using obsceno language, preferred by tho police against Patrick Byan, was dismissed. We have our files from Sydney to tho 29th nit. They contain Auckland news to the 16th ult. Later telegrams, however, show that tho news forwarded on that date was altogether unreliable. Wo wait, therefore, for later journals, with reports of the final issue of William Naylor'a attempt to bring back his rebel countrymon to their allegi- ance. A general meeting of the Essendon and Flemington Cricket Club will be held this evening, at the schoolroom, Mooneo Ponds, for the purpose of receiving tho committeo's report on the past season, with the bitting and bowling analyses, &a;, as well as for the transaction of other business. The Treasurer of tho Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society desires to acknowledge the receipt of tho handsome donation of £26 from the Borough Council of Fitzroy. Tho following additional subscriptions havo been received by Mr. Sturt, P.M., for tho widow, MM. Roberte, and hor family:-A Thonkofftrlng, £5 ; Mr. Justice Molesworth, £1 ; Mrs. Gray, £1 ; Mr. B., 10s. 6d. ; Mrs. Whitford, 10a.; F. G. S., 10i.; J. P. D., 10?.; M. L., 6è. ; collected by Mr. Ellis, 10a. Total, £9 16s. Od. Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday, at the Lying-in Hospital, upon the body of Mary Ann Dowling, an infant, aged three weoks, daughter of a single woman of the samo name, now living as a house-servant. On Monday night the child was quito well when her mother went to bed. At half-past six the next morning the mother was awoka by tho child being taken with convulsions. She hurried to dross, intending to tako tho child to tlie hospital, but before she was ready to leave the house the child died. In the courao of the morning sho carried the body of deceased to the Lying-in Hojplto.1, whore sho had stayed ot her confinement. A post-mortem examination was there mado upon the bxly by Dr. Fetherstone, which, together with othor evidence, showed that death wai the result of Buffocation, caused by the child having boen accidentally overlain hy her mother, 'l'ho verdict of the jury was in accordance with the evidence. The case of Henry Salmon, recently an auctioneer at Ballarat, who has boen detained for a fortnight upon charges of stealing jewellery from the Port Philip Club Hotel, was ogain brought forward at thiClty Court yesterday, when the prisoner was committod for trlul on tho charge on which evidence was formerly taken, stealing a watch and chain from the bedroom of Mr. M'Donald, M.L.A. Tho Bonch stated that the defence offtred-that the prisoner liad for BOmo time been in a state of unsound mind although apparently probable in itself, could only be considered by a jury. The othor charges ngainst tho prisonor wero not pro- ceeded with. At the same court, a man named William Inglis, convicted of a violent and unprovoked asrault, with a loaded whip, upon Police-sergeant Finnegan, at Northcote, was ac-ntenced to three months' imprisonment, with hard labour. At the weekly meeting of the council of tho Acclimatisation Society, held on Tuesday present, Mr. E. Wilson, Dr, Black, Dr. Mueller, Professor M'Coy, Dr. Madden, Hon. W. C. Haines, Lieutenant-Colonel Champ, Messrs. G. W. Rusden, A. Puichas, S. H. Bindon, H. E. Watts, James Smith, H. J. Chambers, and D. S. Campbell-a letter was road from tho bon. secretary of a newly-formed acclimatisa- tion Eoclety at Nulson, N Z., offering to send forward specimens of the paradise duck, in exchange for auy uni mais which can he spared from here. Tho president reminded the council that Blnce the last meeting Com- mander Norman had returned from hiB successful trip to Hobart Town, and re- ferred in warm terms to the zjalous interest which Commander Norman had taken in the matter. The following re- solution was unanimously passed :-" The council of the Acclimatisation Society de- sires to express to Commander Norman its thorough appreciation of the skill, zoal and intelligence with which ho has so success' fully accomplished the delicato and important duty of conveying the salmon ova to Tas mania, and begs herewith to present bim witi the best thankB of the council, as an acknow- ledgement of the valuable services renderec by him to acclimatisation." A most on conraging statement was mado of the pro gress of the ova left at Melbourne. The eyo¡ aie becoming day by day moro developed, one the young fish cannot long delay making their appearance. Mr. Bindon brought undoi the notice of the council the dosirability Q something being done to collect informatior upon the present state of tho fisheries in thii country ; and It was resolved:-"That a com mlttee he appointed to collect and repor upon all available information with referonci to the varieties, the habits, the soasons, ant the qualities of our marketable fishes, with i view to their protection and increase, and tb consequent development of tho fishery tradi in this country." The political martyrdom of the late mern ber for Polwarth and South Grenville- Mr Nixon-was consummated on Tuesday lasi when the story of his bill transactions witl "Mr. M'Lea" came to an end. His allot ment of land at Queenscliff, "being numbe nine of section seven, having a frontage c 132 feet to Hesse-street, by a dopth of 165 feo to Stoke-street," was sold by auction by th sheriff of Geolong on that day, the auc tioneer stating that it was offered under a wri of ft. fa. for £147, and costs, at tho instance c Mr. Snodgrass. The land brought £240. J previous sale of drays and cowa realized £1C The sale passed over vory quietly. Thu ends the history of Mr. Nixon's Parliamon toTy life. A lecture will bo delivered this evening, i St. Mark's School-rooms, George- street, Fit: roy, before the Fitzroy Young Men's Mutui Improvement Association, by Mr. H. i Wrixon, on " The Taeping Rebellion." Th ad mission is free. Two meD, John Southgate and Georf Lynam, wore found " Quilty " at Goulburn Ai sizes, cn Friday last, of a robbery under arm committed near Binalong, on tho 10th Di comber laBt. The prisoners had stuck-u robbed, and detained a number of pereons, 1 tho boldest mannor. Sentonco was deferrei James Marks was tried on tho same day for robbery under arms, committed at Laggoi on the 28th December last, but he was foun " Not guilty." Sentence of death waa passe upon a young aboriginal, for a capital assau committed on tho wife of a shepherd. Ti calendar was a heavy one, showing seven case« of murder (in which verdicts of mm daughter woro returned), criminal assaults' c women, unnatural offences, robberies undi arms, ligamy, and horse-stealing. " The ChineBo squabble," says the Balla' Star, " which on Sunday last threatened 1 turn out serious, has been amicably settle and the belligerent celestials will short leave tho district. The dispute, as hosalrcm been stated, was caused by one of ti Castlemaine Chinese boin?, some time sa swindled at gambling la Ballarat out of t' sum of £96, and an arrangement has been come to whereby ho has ha'l returned to him tbo half of that amount, thus Stittling the difference existing between the two parties. Already a consldeiablo number of tho Chinese have left Ballarat, who arrlvod on Sunday, and btforo tbo expiration of tho week thoy will probably all have taken their depar- ture." The following volunteers have been chosen to represent BiUarat in the forthcoming triangular rifle match with tho Goolong volun- teers and tho Emerald-hill volunteers :-Cap- tain Drury, Cafttaiif Strachan, Lieutenaut Sleep, Sergeant Humby, Sergeant Stamper, Ser- geant Dixie, and Privates Wobstor and Logan. For the remaining two places, Privates AhrenB, Atkins, Elston, and Jones, will shoot off again, as at present they aro nearly equally matched. Sergeant Greenfield would havo been chosen among the ten, but he could not make it convenient to leavo Ballarat. The opera of " Faust" was repeated at tho Haymarket Theatro last night, to an excellent house. Tho exquisite mu⁣ deservedly im- proves in public favour with each repetition; ond tho opera, as a whole, oannofc fall to attain a position second only to " Tho Huguenots." The play of " Faust and Marguerite," now in the third week of its run at the Theatro Royal, has proved itself a gonuine success. Thero was a fino houso at the Royal last evening, and the play was receivod with Im- mense applause. The entertainment con- sisted of the comedietta, " Faint Heart Never Won Fair Lady," in which Mr. Barry Sul- livan played with great spirit as Ruy Gomez ; then followed the " Faust and Marguerite," with its beautiful scenery and splendid ap- pointments ; Mrs. R. Heir as Marguerite, and Mr. Barry Sullivan as Mtphistophelcs. The very laughaWe, though extravagant, farce of " Twenty Mluutes with a Tiger," concluded the performances. This evening, Mrs. Robert Heir takes ter benefit, and tho tragic play of " Lucretia Borgia" will be produced. 