HOME CORRESPONDENCE. From our London CorresDondent. 1 London. June 27. The present mad leaves England at one of the most important crises of national affairs. Had it left on Saturday instead cf to-day, I should have said, as was generally believed, um »u critical a giiuauuu uuu uui ucuurreu lur learly 50 years. Happily, however, theutmos ?hrrc has been a little cleared during the last 8 hours, and we now breathe with a little iiore case. But wo are by no means in a lositiou to talk with confidence or speculate vitlt any assurance. We are simply a step or wo removed from the precipice, and it is not 0 likely as it was that we shall be toppled over ir have to wrestlo hard to prevent such a atastrophe. The cause of this situation, 83 I ieed scarcely say, is the interminable lifEculty of the Schleawig-LIolatein question. Inother month has gone by, and in that )eriod it has gained like n snowball in pro wrtion, and is now huge enough to alarm all Europe. The ominous fact is that the London Conference has wholly failed. It has worse han failed. It has been a disadvantage to Denmark ; it has irritated all the Powers igainat each other ; it has brought some con tempt upon our diplomacy; uud it has enraged the Danes so much, that if they could they cvould not hesitate to declare war against us, as well as agaiiut Prussia and Austria. When I last wrote, the armistice had been renewed for another month, and there was, on the whole, an expectation that during that time a satisfactory peace could be brought about. Several meetings — some six or seven in number — have been held, and the sole and final result is, as I have said, mutual anger and irritation. It lias beeu occupied tbe whole timo, and at very lengthened and sometimes excited sitting.*', with different proposals for an adjustment mainly of the bouudary question. It beeamo evident, of course, that Denmark must make some sacrifice and relinquish a portion of the Duchies. But how much? At an early sitting — the lost before the renewal of the armistice — the Ger man Plenipotentiaries demanded that - the Duchies should be politically detached from Denmark to form, under tbe personal sove reignty of the Danish King, an independent State belonging to the German Confederation. This would be placing the Duchies in much the same position as Hanover was placed under tho early Georges. This was rejected. Earl Russell and Earl Clarendon next proposed a separation on the principle that there should be a definite line drawn between Denmark and Germany, beyond which all would be Danish on one side and German on the other. This would no doubt have been substantially prac ticable, but tho Plenipotentiaries had no instruc tions on such a point. It was therefore made a matter for reference, and we were in hopes, as soon as this was known, that the difficulty would bo solved by a mutual compromise. At the sitting of the Conference on the 2nd the Danish Plenipotentiaries made an impor tant declaration, which tended to confirm this feeling. While they protested against the recent acts of Prussia and Austria, they stated that if the Powers of Europe really wished to abandon the Treaty cf London, the King, to avoid the resumption of hostilities, would not oppose a territorial cession, provided always that he should obtain thereby not enly peace, but also an independent perfect autonomous existence for that which would remain to bin of his State, and on condition that the futurt destiny of the ceded territories should not bi fixed without their own consent The] added that they therefore accepted ii principle the proposition made by Ear Russell, but that there were limit which their Government could not exceed Here, then, was a general principle laid dowi and accepted. The only question now wa tine of degree. Where shall tho new line b 1 drawn ? Holstein— the whole of ir, it wa , admitted — must go; but how much o Scbleswig? This has been tbe point under discussion at all the subsequent sittings. To enable it to be discussed tho armistice was prolonged for another fortnight, Denmark re jecting any longer term. If we may believe all that has been said, no such passionate diplomatic meetings have ever been held as those which Lave since taken place under the presidency of Earl RiuseU. The line of sepa ration proposed by England was that of the Donnewerke to the Sclilei, but this could not be carried. Then arbitration was proposed, and rejected with bath disdain and temper by Denmark. The last meeting of the Conference was held in June 22, and it broke up in anger. None of the proceedings at those meetings ln.vc hitherto found their way to the English journals, ex cepting through French or German sources — generally the latter; but the proceedings of the lost meeting wore procured by our Radical daily paper, probably from Mr. Milner Gibson, via Mr. Cobden or Mr. Bright. They are thus reported, and there is no doubt now that the report is a remarkably correct one : — The Austrian Plenipotentiary opened the dis cussion by announcing that Austria rejected the English proposal of arbitration. The rejection was unconditional and final. The Prussian Plenipotentiary was less distinct. He did not absolutely reject the proposal; but, while declaring Prussia ready to enter into further negotiations on the subject, and to accept the good offices of a neutral Power, he reserved to his Government the full right to accept or reject the decision of the arbitrator. The Danish Plenipotentiary peremptorily and absolutely declined the English proposal. He furthermore read, on behalf of his Government, a lengthened and elaborate declaration or minute on the whole subject. This document is stated to have been a masterpiece of political knowledge and diplomatic skill. Its reading created quite a sensation and surprise. The sensation, however, was much deepened as the document proceeded to criticise very severely the whole policy of England. It charged the English Government with having pursued towards Denmark, from the beginning to the end, a policy of inconsistency, and it con demned in no measured language the varying attitudes taken by our Cabinet The Earl of Clarendon defended the conduct and policy ot England, and replied warmly, ami, we are assured, even vehemently, to the charges brought against her by Denmark. This incident is said to nave created a profound pmntinn. The Prince L)e la Tour u Auvergne then put for ward on behalf of France the proposal which we yesterday mentioned— that for dividiug midway the disputed territory and taking the vote of the population of the southern zone. The Austrian Plenipotentiaries declined to accept this proposal. Austria declared herself de cisively against any popular vote. The Prussian Plenipotentiaries were willing to take the proposal ad referendum. Denmark, howevei, declined the proposal alto gether. The prolongation of the suspension of hostilities then came on for discussion. Prussia proposed that an armistice 1* concluded for six mouths; Jutland to l-e evacuated by the allies, who should, however, occupy the island of Alsen. Denmark positively declined this proposal, and indeed refused even to listen to any proposition for arbitration, division, or armistice, unless some acceptable ba.sU of a peace could be definitely laid down. Unless on such conditions she de clared that she would prefer trusting the issue to the chances of war. This declaration closed the discussion. There was no other proposal on the paper, and nothing further remained to be done. The Conference separated with an understand ing that the Plenipotentiaries should meet again on .Saturday to sign the minutes and exchange the usual and formal courtesies of parting. The final meeting was held on Saturday, when certifications took place ; a resume of the transactions from the commencement submitted and adopted ; and a unanimous vote of thanks passed to the Chairman, Earl 'Russell. This, on Saturday afternoon, was the situa tion, and the questions on every one's lips were two — How has it been brought about ? and what is to be done ? The first question is not so difficult to answer. The marplot throughout the whole of the proceedings has been the Emperor of France. He has wrought the mischief, but has continued to make a public appearance of entire unconcern and disinte resicdness. The French Plenipotentiary has sat almost 'a dummy' throughout the meet ings, proposing nothing, and Baying very little — ears and eves wide open, and the mouthreso lutely closed. It was very soon understood that the Emperor was bent ou one thing cer tainly. He knew that unless his active inter ference were given on one side or the other, no result could come of the Conference. Which ever side he espoused would win at the Council-table, for it wa? kuown that his espousal meant not threats, but war. He simply declared that he was anxious to promote peace. His sincerity has been shown by promoting the failure of the recent deliberation?, which will lead to a re gumption of hostilities, and muy lend to a European war. lie hus now done that upon which he was intent — revenged himself upon Earl Russell for his curt refusal of tho pro posal lor a European Congress. During the last week he gave a more decided indication of his intentions. Earl Cowley was authorized to wait upou the French Foreign Minister and enquire whether, if the English fleet wire ordered to the Baltic, the French fleet would support it. The atiswcr was a prompt and most decisive negative. England, throughout these proceeding?, has stood alone Earl Russell has done all that mortal man could do to preserve peace, and done it with great ability and sincerity ; but now the Germans, and anon the Danes, re fused every proposal that he made. The last aud curtest refusal came from the Danes, and was followed by the paper which caused so much sensation at the final business meeting of the Conference. This has been vexatious enough, but is it sufficient reason for declaring war? Why should we declaro war f Iwo reasons ire given, or rather I- should say were given ; itit one of them is now almost dropped. Tho irst is that Lord Pdlinerston aud Earl Russell )oth told Denmark before hostilities broke out hat if they did break out Denmark would not ind herself alone. This wa3 a rash saying no loubt ; but there can bo no difficulty in proving hat Denmark never took this 03 a promise )f material Bupport, but went to wur, as she joes again a second timo to-day, relying wholly on the chapter of accidents. But tbe fact of such words having been used, coupled with the fact that nothing has ;ome of them, has given rise to taunts »f all kinds in tho Continental Press —not least, by-the-by, in the Danish. We have been told everywhere that we have sacrificed all our honour, that our influence is worth nothing, and that tho smallest petty German principality can afford to snap its Sngers at us. All these things have been care Fully collected and reprinted from time to time in tho Tory journals; but we have other sources of information to the effect that the sentiment abroad, or tho sentiment affected ibroad, has not been exaggerated. This is the case of ' national honour,' and it is the most difficult plea in the record. For a month past the Tories have been using it with un scrupulous effect. Every day their organs have been employed in abusing Earl Russell and, by implication, Lord Palmerston. They have echoed and re echoed all the adjectives used by the German Press, and have shown that they at least are ready — on paper— lo vindicate it. Now, is our honour compromised? It i3 the almost universal opinion, 1 think, that it is not. If Denmark had accepted our propositions instead of rejecting them and abusing us for making them, we should then be iu the position that we were with respeot to Portugal in 1826, when Mr. Canning made his celebrated speech, saying that England could not stand by con sistently with her ' national honour' and see a weak State, and that State an ally by treaty, crushed by a greater one. But Portugal did not flout U3 or refuse our proposals. It is un fortunately true that England, through her Ministers, used vaguo language in describing an expectation of support at the commencement of this difficulty, but no mpport wa3 promised, if Prussia and Austria had rejected our offers instead of Denmark I think the public senti ment would have been different from what it is ; but we can't fight for a nation that has in Another question, however, intervenes, What use can the Opposition make of the failure? They will make all they can; and for this purpose a meeting is to be held at the Mnrquis of Salisbury's to-morrow (Tuesday, 28th) afteruoon, at which a resolution is to be agreed upon. The terms of this resolution will be known in the House of Commons on Tuesday, and a vote of want of confidence is expected to bo proposed ou Thursday. The debate on this will last several days, and, judging from such indications as are given by those who are presumed to ba in tho confidence of the Prime Minister, Lord Palmerston will shape hi3 course entirely by the character of the debate. At a Cabinet meeting held on Saturday it was decided tho polioy of the Government should be a peace policy; but on the other hand it is pretty plainly intimated that something is in reserve. The independent j organs of the Press have declared unmistake ably for peace. Amongst these are the Da% Fews, the Star, and the Telegraph, The Times also declares in the same way ; but it says that at such a momentous crisis the Go vernment cannot be expected to take the full responsibility of affairs, but must leave them to the people. The Morning Advertiser says the same. The first paper has a, front-door entrance to Cambridge House, and the second a back-door ditto, and no doubt they echo ! Lord Palmerston's own feelings. But the Post, which has tho reputation of being the Premier's unofficial organ, declares unreservedly for war. It says that our honour must be vindicated at any C33t, and that no sacrifice must be spared, however reluctant lie may lie to make it. The result of the whole of thte seems to be that Lord Pdlmerston himself is infavourofa war policy, but that he is held back by his colleagues. If this be the case, and it should come out this evening in his state ment in the House, we alwll probably be very soon engaged in hostilities. The Tories will carry their resolution ; there wili be an appeal to the country or a resignation, and the red flag will bo hoisted. Now, no one pretends that we can gain any thing by thii. France laughs at us for the difllcalty in which we are placed, and already her newspapers are boasting that French ships will soon have the carrying trade of the world. As for us, we have no army to meet either Prussia or Austria, and our fleet will be worthless, for they have no ports to be attacked. We have no allies promised us, and the Moniieur of yester day is most eareful to state that the Italian Government, in view of' possible Euro pean difficulties, has taken efficient measures to prevent the successful actioa of any extreme party in the State. If we go to war, therefore, we go to fight for nothing substantial, without a single ally, with the certainty of our commerce being ruined by promised Prussian privateers and probably some Alabama3 fitted out in American port?, and with some fear that we may be thoroughly beaten. The Cabinet has looked at all this, and has unreservedly declared for peacj. The Queen is known to be pissionatcly averse to a war with Germany. There is hope, therefore, that, as we can do no good by interference, we shall not interfere ; but it is only a hope. You will not know whether it is realized for another month. If we were quicker in our own action I might say that by that time you might have a Prussian or Austrian Alabama in your own seas ; but this is at present only a possible contingency. Only one thing will drive us into war, and that is the full success of the Tory party, or the tenacious hold of office by tbe Premier. The last is the worst danger; but it i3 doubtful how Lord Palmerston could force it with a Cabinet that would at once resign. Tins is our situation, and I am sure you will view it with as much anxiety as we do. This is certain, that Denmark, even now, expects assistance. The extraordinary meeting of the Rigaraad wa3 opened on Satur day, when the President of the Council read the royal speech, which said : — ' The threatening crisis of the fatherland, and the expenditure necessary for the continuation of war, have caused this convocation of the Kigsroad. We have recently learned foi how little the clearest right reckons in Europe, and how- isolated we are. We therefore acceded to the painful sacrifice of the country south of the Schlci. 'The enemy demands more; but we reply negatively, being convinced that the people agree with us. 'May God grant that at least in a certain place the sympathy for us May grow into active siipjiort.' m tiie mce ot tnese latest tacts, me poiuicai events of earlier occurrence appear to be of comparatively little importance; and yet the past month has been one of the greatest interest, and also one of some anxiety to those whose interest, or whose business it is to watch the political occurrences of the time. Most of all has it been a critical session for the Ministry and for all whose destinies are bound up with theirs. When the House met after Whitsunsido, ii; was confidently stated that the Conservatives had decided on a vigorous attempt to oust the Government, but in a few hours it was ascer tained that there was not sufficient mind on the subject in their own ranks. The mode in which the Government had mismanaged the Danish question whs to be the occasion of the onslaught, and that thnt is still the great Opposition card has been shown by the con tinued questionings on tho subject to which the Ministry have been exposed. Foiled in their main purpose, the Conserva tives have continued their more successful policy of dealing with Ministerial measures and individual Ministers in a utyle of guerilla warfare ; so that for some time past it has not excited any surprise to find the Government beaten on some point or other. In one of these close divisions it has been so near to defeat as sc-ven votes, and on a question on which a defeat would have undoubtedly involved dissolution, odd and unexpected as the occasion would have been. The motion of Sir John Hay, which censured the officials for neglect of proper pre cautions in sending out our soldiers, was one which rather gave expressiou to tho feelings of one who had himself lost a brother connected with the expedition than was any indication of hostile Opposition tactic? ; but presently the debate got into a party groove, aud in u divi sion which, with the pairs, included 561 mem bers, seven votes only, a3 I have aaid, stood between the Government and defeat. Tho Hiuse of Commons dearly loves to bait Mr. Cowper, the Chief Commissioner of Works; and now it has inflicted another defeat on him and ou the Government, to which he is a source of weakness, by rejecting, by the large majority of 52, a vote for the removal of the National Gallery to Burlington House. After this it may be presumed that the habitues of the extreme west-eud will confess themselves beaten in their attempt to carry off the national pictures from the central spot where they are now located. Mr. Gludstone has now, and with some eclat, carried through the Commons hia Annuities Bill in an altered form ; but then ha has had the mortification of failing, by a events which have led us to look forward to the arrival of each-American mail with the deepest interest. ' The progress of American affkirs is ? alow, and their history has been a chequered one. A month ago and the decisive battle was to have been fought in a few days ; but several battles have been fought, and not one has been decisive. 1 have advised you of the battles of the lOih, when Lee attempted to turn the flank of the Tederals ; and of the 12th, when Han cock attacked Johnsou'd Confederate division and captured it entire, hee after this was said to be moving on tho North and South Anna Eivers ; but this proved to bo not the case. Ho kept ins position at Spottsylvania Court-House, and strengthened it. There he rested. The public did not need, I should hope, any new battles to excite them. The details of those that were fought camo in fast enough and were sufficiently sickening. They were, however, like all accounts of battles, very similar, ending with the same mournful refrain that the slaughter was fearful. Hancock's exploit differed somewhat from the pitched contests. It wa?, and is, the most brilliant event of the campaign, but it was so awful in its carnage that we are told the one exclamation of every man who looked upon the field of battle was,*' God forbid that I Bbould ever gaza upon such a sight again.' Let me give another episode of this war after the latest news you have yel received. I quote from the Kew York Tribune, whose correspon dent writes thus from Fredericksburg, on May 1 X nf f Ka wet u%i/3 a/3 nf fViaao m*&*t: KaitTaa . ? ' This train of wounded is heavy with mud— the mules and harness are hid with mud. It has come 12 miles over such roads as war alone makes. In places the larger wagons had to be prised out of the deep holes with trimmed trees. The delays of the entire train from this cause were frequent and long. The depth of these holes, and the instinct and habit of the lead and middle team of mules to trot away from a wagon in a sudden descent, in order to escape the wlripple-trees, inflicted upon the unfortunate wounded blows and jars ex cruciatingly torturing, and that wasted their remaining vitality. Over every rod of the way, and in the best two-horse spring ambulances, a jarring motion was communicated by the absence of half the planks on the planked side of the road, and the ruts and holes cut into the clay side during a week's rain by the transportation machinery of an army of 100.000 men. On such a highway, and in such a manner, did these poor fellows, who stretch their hands out of these ambulances and army-wagons for tin cup fuls of water, painfully travel— some with arms off at the shoulder, some with legs otf about the knee; some absolutely with an arm and leg both off, hundreds shot through the leg or the ana, or the breast, some with horrible wounds on thu face, even to the loss of jaw and the destruc tion of speech— alt presenting in the aggregate every possible variety of gunshot wound. There were in Fredericksburg last night (Saturday) 6,010 wounded soldiers in the hospital. How many, s'ightly wounded, where living substantially the lives of stragglers, and nursing their own hurts, not even the Provost-Marshal can at present telL There were shipped from Belle Plain to Washing ton up to yesterday . 0,728 1 am told. But the 6.0.0 hire— where are they? Where are they not? Turning from an inspection of the strange effect of a shell iu the brick masonry of a dwelling iu a neighbouring street, 1 stepped in my walk upon the litter of a lawyer's office. Old writs out of the Virginia Court of Chancery, writs of fieri facias, bills of costs, everything incidental to the old practice of an aged common law aud equity lawyer, covered the brick pavement. I turned curiously to look into the den whence this ejectment had been made. Six soldiers lay in it each with a leg on' above the knee, each bedded only on a blanket, all pole, none murmuring, none shrinking from the destiny of war. These were veterans, and as they were cared for, and their misfortune and courage made them sacred from curiosity, I passed with a reverential bow of the head, aud looked into the open doors of the next building with the gilded sigu of a merchant over it— an abandoned and empty store (?)— abandoned but not empty. Both the long counters were covered with wounded soldiers, and through the wide intervening smpp_ where wnnien in the halcyon days of peace and slavery had turned over silks and found fault with laces, our warriors from the Wilderness lay thick— and not a murmur curae from one of them. The next building like wise was an abandoned store, and its counters were hospitals for our braves. And there was re signation and an acceptance of the fate of war in their faces as they looked up from their bloody and dirty blankets. Where are not these wounded? la yards where pumps ore they jjet water and sit on the earth and moisten their bandages and cool their burning limbs. In all the many wooden tenements vacated by the bombardment and stripped afterwards of doors, windows, and weather-boarding up to the second storey, they are to be seen sitting, and having the appearance of waittu.ir, cither in weariness, or expectation, or uncertainty; making no parade of naked arms bloodily bandaged, and of bloody bandages shown through great holes slit with knives in their trousers, and left unpinned to let in cold water and cool air, and of block-bandaged hands and feet taking on a glossy crust outside the cloth— the measure of the length of neglect. On every side walk men pass you, strengthening a wounded and bandaged leg as they go, with a poie on which they lean their whole weight, and as it were propel themselves. They sit bandaged on door-steps. Bandaged and muddy and wearyj with only can teens of water beside them, they sit on kerbstones in every street. Everywhere men in Federal blue, and with some mark of blood and battle upon them, walk slowly with canes freshly cut in the wood aud enquire for corps hospitals. Lvery church iu the city is a hospital, and every one is full. Outside of each are wounded soldiers ready to take tlicplaces of those who die within or are sent to Belle Plain. Every public buildiug is a hospital and is full. All the large dwellings are hospitals. In small houses all over the city our wounded are to be found. The warehouses, large and free in the lower storey, especially built for the great trade in agricultural manures, are occupied by soldiers lying in rows upon muddy and bloody blankets, and nurses go up and down the alleys of these maimed or helpless ones with lulls o! ice-water. Their only talk is of the great battle. Those who don't talk give no sign that they are not veterans, and equal to any fate which the championship of lreetloin may bring. In their silence is visible a courage which wounds cannot subdue.' Now I will take up the thread of the nar rative. Lee rested at Spottsylvania some days, and then did what it was said he had already done — crossed to the North and South Anna Kivers. On the 17th May the rains ceased, and Grant was strongly reinforced. On the 18th he directed Hancock, supported by a corps from Burnsido's division, to reconnoitre. They advanced and met the left wing of the Confederates. The rifle-pits were carried, but the force in front was too strong, and the Federals were compelled to retire. This was no gain. On the 19th Lee took the offensive, and Ewell attacked the right wing of the Federals. He, too, was repulsed, and so the old story was repeated— that either army can turn back an attack, but neither can win a decisive battle. But the position if both parties, and especially ot the federals, is not one that admits of much eat. They are in an unhealthy place, and, (csides that, all the American citie3 are craving or news. Grant, therefore, again advanced, md on the 20th, by a dextrous movement, lucceeded in turning Lee's right flank. This vas done by Hancock moving six miles east of 5pottsylvania, and nearer Richmond. The novement was entirely successful, and Lee had it once to turn his face. He concentrated his irmy on the North and South Anna, and thus tgnin defied his opponents. Grant at once ?epeated hi* former tactics, and on the 26th igain turned Leu's right wing, establishing lituself tlireo miies south of Pamuukey, aud frithin a few miles of Richmond. This was ilcClellan's depot two yea» ago, and the fact hat it was and that Grant has since repeated McClellan's movements have occasioned a good nnnv taunts and criticisms from both the Democratic Press in America aud the Confederate Press in England. It is dicged that Grant could have reached his present position, a3 McClellan did, without my of the loss of men which he had occa sioned. Ho has pushed his way, it ia said, at a sacrifice of thousands of men, to a point which he could have attained without losing a man. The reply made to this is — asd is, I think, an obvious one— that if Grant had this year_ taken McClellan's route he would cer tainly have avoided Lee's army, and Lea would as certainly have moved upon Washington, taken possession of the Capitol, and hat Pennyslvania at his mercy. Grant has beaten Lee to his present position. He has not won a decisive battle, and the end is no nearer than it was ; but he has lost less in prestige than any commander which the North has yet pro duced. Lee, when Grant's new position was ascer tained, took up his position on tho celebrated Chickahominy, when/, it is said, a fortified posi tion wus ready to receive him. Bsinforced, rested, strong, and secure, Grant could do little here against him. But he could harass Grant. Accordingly, Lee attacked Warren on the 30th ; but he was repulsed, as all attackers seem to be. Here there was another rest, and it may be taken advantage of to look at the repulsive positions and losses of the armies up to tlvs time. I give them in the summary of the Times, which is more carefully done, and with less passion than has been customary in D.\ Mackay's usually frantic letters : — ' It is declared by the Government— and there is every reason to believe the statement to be true that Grant's army at this moment, when it is aooui lo enrer upun us secuuu series ui uatucs, u as strong and efficient as when it crossed the ltapidan on the 2nd inst.;that, whatever the number of killed, wounded, and missing may be in the bloody battles of the Wilderness and Spottsylvania, the number has been supplied by reinforcements. But as no account has ever yet been published of the exact numerical force of the army of the Potomac when it commenced .this critical campaign, the following estimate, derived from an authority not likely tol-e misinformed oi self- deceived, may be found of interest. It may at the same time be depended upon as being as nearly accurate as it is possible to make it:— The main army on the 2nd inst. was com posed of 218,000 men. of whom more than naif were veteran soldiers, in a high state of discipline and efficiency, and the re mainder new and comparatively raw recruits, most of whom had never been under fire. Tc these are to be added 18.000 negroes, attached to Bumside's command, and 10,000 other negroes performing camp duty, but thoroughly armed and equipped. Butlers corps, operating from the peninsula, and now all but hopele-e»ly iiuiirkoucd in entrenchments of his own rearing, numbered 35,000 meu, both white and block. Sigel's corps, constituting the extreme right wing of Grant's army, operating in the valley of the Shenandoah, was 30.000 strong; and the cavalry under Kantz, Sheridan, and others engaged in raids in the rear of the Confederates, cutting the railroads and doing other damage to the communications of General Lee with his bases of supply, numbered about 10,000. These various items, including in fantry, cavalry, artillery, and every arm known to military duty, made a grand total of 321,000 men. The Confederate force opposed to this mighty host is not believed by those best acquainted with the re sources of the South to amount to more than 170,000 men. Some estimates place the number at less than 100,000. Those who believe the higher number to be correct consider that Lee's main army is 115,000 strong; that Beauregard's com mand is 50,000, and Imboden's cavalry 5,000. This orce, though inferior in number to Grant's, would be amply sufficient, considering its moral strength, as well as its superior knowledge of the zround, and, without disparagement of Grant's abilities, its superior generalship, not only to hold its own, but to gain the victory outside the walls of Richmond. The amount of the slam in the battle that com menced on the 5th, and ended for a while on the 15th, will probably never be known; but that ie statement current last week, and for the publication of which the Baltimort Transcript was suppressed, that the total losses were not far short of 70,000 was not much, if at all, exaggerated, may be surmised from the following authentic figures, made up on the 16th of this month, when the army rested from its labours, and its com mander took advantage of the state of the roads to recruit. On that day the number of wounded left under treatment at the temporary hospitals of The Wilderness and Chancellorsville was ... 2,400 At Fredericksburg, where every house, as well as the pathway of the streets, were Ml ? 12,250 At Alexandria ... ? 2,000 At Washington ? 12,150 At Georgetown ? 1,500 At Baltimore and other cities northward... 3,500 Total wounded ? 33,800 This was at the end of three decisions of the present campaign. Grant now sought to detach Lee from his last resting-place, and accordingly on the 3rd June attempted to cross the Chickahominy. He was repulsed, however, with a loss of 2,000 (and some say of 6,000) men. With small engagements of the two or three days up to the 3rd there is no doubt that Grant lost some 7,500 men altogether. It was clear that Lee was in an advantageous position, and that he could not be dislodged by assault. Next the news came that he was about to commence siege operations against Lee ; but this does not.seem to be correct, for we have now the intelligence that on the 13th Grant transferred his base of operations to the James River, and that he has dispatched a strong force under Sheridan, who is to join Hernber in cutting off Lee's communication with Tennessee and Eastern Virginia, from whence ha derives his supplies. Here the last news ends. You will see from this history that Grant has been compelled to change his tactics. Ho had imagined that bold and continued fighting would win. Ho believed in throwing himself upon Lee day after day, with the whole weight of his army aud crushing him— if he could. But he could not, and Lee is probably now quite as strong as he was at the commence ment of the campaign. Grant is scarcely if anything weaker, but he has not succeeded, and his only boast, if it can be called one, has not beeu realized. He said that he would carry on the war in the line in which he com menced, but he hag beeu compelled to change it more than once in four or five weeks. At present Richmond seems to be as far olf as ever, and the end of the war no nearer. For Sigel, in Shenandoah Valley, has1 been utterly unsuccessful, and he has been relieved of his command. Butler, the boaster, is cooped up and guarded by Beauregard, and cannot move an inch. These two men, it will be remem bered, were to have co-operated with Grant, but instead of strengthening they have weakened him. Butler has fought with grecat vigour and resolution, but he has not won, and cannot dis pose of his troops to any advantage. All his lite operations have been defensive, but some of them have been bold, and so far successful. Thus Fitzburg Lee attacked him and demanded his surrender. Butler sent out his black guard of negroes, and the negroes drove back the son of Lee and the flower of the Con federate cavalry. Sherman, also, who is operating in Georgia, dues not seem to operate with much elfrct. Johnston has been flying from him now for more than a month, if wo are to credit all accounts ; but Sherman is not yet at Atalanta, and Johnson has not yet been come up with. There is confidence, however, in Sherman's movements ; and although Johnson has now gathered together, as lie has moved on, a larger army than that with which he commenced, it is generally thought that Sherman will have the advantage. The position of Atalanta is only second to that of Richmond, and the issue of this struggle is looked forward to by both parties with keen anxiety. There 13 no im portant movement elsewhere. The Mississippi is not yet cleared of Confederate attacks. Morgan, although beaten lately, continues his raids in Kentucky and Ohio, and tho Federal General Sturges, who left Memphis on the Lt June to attack Forrest, has been defeated by the latter, with the Ios3 of 8,000 men, himself included. This is not the news that New York expects, and therefore gold has risen to 97£ premium. But attention has been somewhat diverted from the war. First, by the Baltimore Repub lican Convention for the election of a candidate for that party for the Presidency. General Fremont put up in opposition to Mr. Lincoln ; but although his address contained au unusual amount of what is called in America ' bun kum,' it did not for once take with tho people. President Lincoln wa3 elected at first by un immense majority, and afterwards by a unani mous vote. The platform wa3 an unusually loud and thorough one. It included aa un compromising prosecution of the war until the rebellion should be overcome and tho partici pators iu it brought to punishment, the extinc tion of slavery, the oncourueement of emncioa tion, equality of rights to coloured men, foreign immigration, the Pacific Railroad, the payment of all the national debts, aud the maintenance of the Monroe doctrince that no foreign State should be allowed to interfere in the auYirs of the American Continent. The anti-slavery declaration is an emphatic sign of tho progress of the national sentiment. Ail the resolutions were adopted with eomething like frantic en thusiasm, and Lincoln's name was received with shouts of applause. Of course Lincoln has accepted tha nomination, and there cannot be much doubt that he will be re-elected. The best comment on the sincerity of these pro ceedings is the fact which the last mail has brought to us that the House of Representa tives had repeated the Fugitive Slave Law by a vote of 84 to 58. This iniquitous measure is now, therefore, a thing of tho past, and in the North slaves are no more ' chattels.' This, at any rate, i» ono res alt of the war, and now all Bee, or think they see, that slavery is for ever doomed. Another circumstance which has excited great attention is tho publication by a man named Howard, the editor of a Brooklyn paper, of a document purporting to be a proclamation of President Lincoln calling for 400,000 more men. Two New York papers— the World and ihe Journal of Commerce — inserted this, but in good faith. The other journals ' scented a rat.' Howard, on detection, acknowledged the fraud, and stated that he did it in order to operate on the market ; he is iu Fort Lafayette. Tbe two journals wero stopped, and their offices taken possession of by the military. This kind of dealing is new to Northern America, and has aroused the Democratic party, and the case is now before a Grand Jury with instructions to indict if they find that the laws of the State have been vio lated — indict, that is to say, the Secretary at Washington. But all these are minor incidents. I add them to my letter with one which comes from Richmond, and is told as follows .—A story is told in Baltimore by a gentleman who was receutly in Richmond, that the Southern President was asked iu his presence how soon he thought the war would end. Placing his hand upon the head of a little boy, not five years of age, Mr. Davis replied, 'Not till this child 13 an old man.' The facts connected with Irish emigration are somewhat surprising ; for, notwithstanding all the recent statements about Ireland feeding the Federal army, the Irish emigration of 1863 fell short of that which followed the Irish famine, and amounted to but 2 per cent, of the population; while the emigration of single men to the United States was almost the same in 1863 as in I860, and the number in the first quarter of this year ii less than in the same the year before the war began. It is noticed that 46 per cent, of the American emigrants went out in steamers— a great and advantageous ohange in respect to mortality and in other respects. The Irish emigrants have been largely assisted by remittances from their friends in the colonies, and of the Australian and New Zealand emigrants 41,354 went out on tbeir own resources, and 11,700 obtained passage certificates or money through their friends in the colonies, or were otherwise assisted ont of the public fands. The Commissioners lost year sent out 4,131 single women to Australia ; but the position of respectable servants in this country is so favour able that it is impossible to secure as many as the colonists call for. Tho Times, in an article on tbe Commis sioners' Report, justly praises it 48 go excellent cxfjinplo of statistical enquiry, ? specially for its patient analysis of the causes of emigration, deferring to the emigration to America, it disputes Professor Goldwin Smith's theory that emigrants prefer America because it is an emancipated country, and says that it is the necessary cost of emigration to the Australian colonies which forces the poorer emigrants to go to America or Canada. It also remarks on the success of the legislation relative to tho regulations for passenger ships. At tho recent annual meeting of the National Colonial Emigration Society, tbe Rev. R. Croft pointed out that it could not be too widely known that, through the medium of the Society, persons could emigrate to Australia as cheaply as they could, if unassisted, go to America. At this meeting Mr. Merivalo was present, and enlarged on the spread of emigra tion as a national duty. The Committee of the Associated Operativo Cotton- Spinners have issued a circular, calling attention to facts which, as they think, show the necessity for a considerable exodus on the part of the operative population. The meeting to which these facts were submitted have passed a resolution declaring the present to be a fitting time .to organize a general system of emigration ; and in every locality the necessity for tbe adoption of such a system is to be strenuously urged as the only mode- of im proving the condition of the working classe?. The Examiner has an article on the acclima tization of animals, which is worth notice in Australia. After referring to the fact that, while our Zoological Gardens have not for 40 years succeeded ia naturalizing a single new beast or bird, the colonies have a wider scope for their efforts aud have succeeded admirably, it continues:— 'But the colonists of Australia, and especially the most nourishins portion of it, Victoria, are not content with good sheep, good oxen, and good horses, for they have all of these; they must also have more outlandish animals, such as llamas, alpacas, and vicunas. These animals are small Peruvian camels, whose native habitat is moun tain valleys 10,000 feet above the sea level; and yet it is proposed to introduce them into Australia, a level country with a hot summer and a mild winter. The very structure of their feet shows that nature has made them for climbers, and in the level land of Australia, composing the chief part of the continent there is nothing to climb. The flesh of these animajs is no better than that of an ordinary camel, which is too coarse for the coarse appetite of a Bedouin. The burden of the most powerful of them is equal to about one-half that of a donkey, and so their value is reduced to that of their mere fleece. In the Londoti market the value of the alpaca wool of Chili and Peru is double that of the sheep's wool of Australia. An animal, therefore, which will consume double the food of a merino sheep, and requires far more care, must be bred for its fleece alone, and we hardly think this can be worth the while of the stock masters of Australia.' mail majority, to carry a goou anu usciui inn )r placing the collection of taxes in the hands f Government officials. Mr. Caird, too, has eaten his official friends by carrying agaiust liem a motion relative to the collection ol agri ultural statistics ; while the Attorney-General as succumbed to the Dissenters iu the nban lonment of his Church Building Acts Consoli lation Bill, and the Lord Chancellor gives up or this session his County Courts Ace Amend aent Bill. Evidently we are ncaring the end of the xisting state of things, but there are no deci ive indications of the political future before ts. Thero are some hopeful signs in the stimation of Reformers, but they are not of a ?cry important kind; nnd if the Times' ?ersion of the state of affairs could have -een accepted, they would even have ud tlte inortidcalion of thinking that Hr. Gladstone had recanted, or bad vir ually neutralized the dcclaritioHs contained n his recent speech on the suilVage. But the jreface which he has written to the published tdition of the speech happily does not bear the jonstniction which the Times has mendaciously rat 'upon it. At any rate the working men )f York do not think so, seeing that they havo ust presented to Mr. Gladstone one of the nost graiifyiug expressions of public opinion, n the form of an eloquently written and ilegautly got up address, which has ever been ?cceived by a public man. The importance aud multiplicity of tlu3 noulh's news has made me share in the wish of he. Australian colonists for a fortnightly mail, 'or it is impossible to do justice to all tho matters which have engaged public attention n England duriug the last four weeks. But I must advert to one fact, which will be regarded is a great piece of news all over the civilized ivorld. I refer to the total destruction of the notorious Confederate cruiser Alabama, within a few miles of Cherbourg. She lay in that port for repairs ; but the Kearsage, a Federal steamer sent to look afcer her, being in the neighbourhood, Captaiu Semines sent to Captain Winalow, of the Kearsage, to say that he would come out and fight him. He did so yesterday week — a Sunday— having first of all prudently left his valuables on shore. So soon as the Alabama had got far enough from the French coast to avoid any violation of the law of neutrality the action commenced, and ia one hour and two minutes all was over. Captain Semmes struck bis flag ; his vessel went down, and he himself would have followed, with a Deerhound, which had gone out to see the fight, had not picked him up, and carried him to Southampton. There have been a good many absurd and conflicting accounts pub lished— chiefly with a view to mitigate the Alabama's defeat and to glorify her captain and crew; but the statements of Captain Winslow are clear and decisive. He says that the Alabama h&d; one gun mora than the Kearsage, and had within 12 of tbe same number of men ; and whereas his own ship let down her chains to protect the vessel's sides, it was for the purpose of protecting tho engines where there was no coal ; while the Alabama's coal bunkers were full. There appears to be no doubt that the artillery of the Kearsage was superior to tliat of her opponent, and that it was also better handled. But, whatever the cause, the destruction of the Alabama will occasion great joy in the Northern States ; and occurring JU3& now, it Iook3 like an evil omen for the South. It follows the settlement of the Birkenhead ram question, and it occurs just when the Georgia has been sold. And these three accidents are coincident with the severest, and, -for tbe South, the most ominous struggle in which the contending parties have yet been engaged. \- Having thus referred to the American con flict, I may appropriately leave for awhih home topics, that I may relate O3 fully as if 1 possible in a reasonable compass theaanguinarj 