Would it not be more sensible for those who clamor for immigration to direct their efforts to the detention of the population already here ? Mr Fkancis, at Richmond, disclosed the unpleasant circumstance that, since the beginning of 1862, the total immi gration to the colony had been 131,439 adults, and the emigration 125,780 ; leaving only a balance in our favor of 5659 persons. During that period, more than 20,000 souls had been introduced at the public expense. Of the departures, 17,182 were adult males, chiefly of the working classes ; whilst only 7315 had found their way here. These statistics show that the utmost efforts of the colony, in encouraging immigration, are barely sufficient to compensate for the exodus. Our policy is paradoxical. Whilst crying out for additional population, and annually devoting a large amount to the object, we are not able to retain the people already here. Mr Francis's figures only include those who have left the colony by the seaboard ; but, if the number of free selectors, miners, and others, who have crossed the Murray into New South Wales, were added, the balance, small as it is, would be considerably diminished. For the sake of the strenuous advocates of immigration we shall assume that the colony is fitted for the reception of the Anglo-Saxon race, that our countrymen \vho come are not mere birds of passage compelled to seek, after a period, a more congenial climate or con dition of society. We shall also assume that advantages for the working classes greater than are enjoyed in England are to be had here, and that the immigrant finds his status better than it was in his native land. Having made these concessions for the benefit of those who maintain that immigration is essential to the colony's progress, we demand of them, in return, an explanation of the cir cumstance that the very class which is supposed to profit so much does not remain, but returns to a country where the working man is said to be so much worse off. Are we to submit to the conclu sion that, to maintain the population as it is (excluding, for the moment, the native born) it is necessary to resort to a crimp ing system — to seductive arts to lure per sons to a country in which they cannot, or will not, be content to live out the measure of their days ? Is assisted immi f ration renuired as a counterpoise to an emigration compelled through the unfavorable and irremediable condition of the colony ? If otherwise, would it not be better to em ploy the money expended to bring people here in making' the place more tolerable for those who are its present inhabitants ? Is it not a fit subject of inquiry why those 17,000 adult males have left in tho short space of three years and a half? When a satisfactory answer is got, very probably there will be an explanation of the fact that in the same period we have only been able to entice 7000 to take their places. It is a part of the existing laud system to devote one fourth of the moneys derived from the sale of land to the intro duction of immigrants. There are some who contend for a high price for land, in order that the amount may be increased. Having ascertained the state of the case, we venture to ask whether it would not be better to use the sum available, or which it is proposed to render available, in encourag ing the population already here to remain ? Suppose, for instance, that land were made more accessible than it is to the extent of the appropriation for immigration. Would that not be a wiser and more economical course ? It is plain that we are neither able to get additional population, nor to retain that which we have. E'ich year the sums allotted to the English and Scotch remain unappropriated, and pass into the general revenue, or are swallowed up by that section of the British people which is proverbially ready to avail itself of everything that comes in its way. The family scheme is, undoubt edly, the best, if assisted immigration is desirable at all. But our working men, instead of bringing their wives and children here, rejoin them in England. Are not theEe incontrovertible facts a standing reproot to those who have endea vored to build up the prosperity of the colony on something else than the diffusion of wealth and comfort amongst the working classes ? In one breath they have been told ' you shall not have cheap land ; you shall ' not have high wages ; you shall neither ' grow the bread you eat nor make the ' clothing you wear if either can be got ' cheaper from abroad. You must submit ' to such labor as can be had, and at ' such wages as a competition artifi ' cially kept up by the funds of the ' State will allow you to get.' Addressing such language to the people we have, it has been supposed that others would come. Broadly and openly the work ing classes of Great Britain were told that they were wpnted — not because there was a demand for their labor, but to swell the ranks of the uuemployed, that wages might be low ! What could be more prepos terous ? So many having departed, the decline of immigration is not surprising. Each who returned to England would tell his tale of disappointed expectations — each would be a standing testimony that the colony is not worth going to. We daresay that men grumble without cause — that, being iu the colony, they condemn it without cause ; but we will not believe that they actually depart from it, never to return, without cause. After making the fullest allowance for the rush to New Zealand, it is clear that large numbers have taken their departure for the United Kingdom. Scarcely a homeward ship leaves the port without affording very sorrowful evidence of the fact. The timo has long gone past when the ' lucky diggers' swarmed away with their booty ; the emi grants now are not the fortunate but the disappointed — not the class who will laud Victoria, but who will speak ill of it. For the progress of the colony we pin our faith to the plan of rendering it attractive to the population it already has. We do not be lieve in schemes of immigration. When the inducements exist people will come of their own accord, or through the instrumen tality of their friends. In the absence of attrac tions no persuasion will bring them. Except ing from Ireland, the total emigration from the United Kingdom is so small that we cannot recruit our numbers greatly in that way. During 1863 the total of English and Scotch who emigrated was only 76,000. The Irish was more than both put together, namely, 116,000 ; but nearly the whole went to the United States. We may digress so far as to correct the prevalent notion as to the recruiting of the Federal armies i from Ireland. It appears that, if all the males over eighteen who, in 1S63, lefc that country, had enlisted, the army would only have been swollen to the extent of 25,000 men. We trust that we are about to see the advent of a new system. Long and per sistently that section of our community whose interest it is to diffuse comfort amongst the working classes, and encourage them to settle permanently in the country, have stoutly opposed the system of colonisation which everywhere has been successful, and substituted one which has been successful no where. That wide spread destitution does exist is undeniable ; but that is not all — there is wide spread demoralisation through the scarcity of employment and its inferiority. It is only the other day that an influential' newspaper, in the squatting interest, alleged that in the Western district, where it is published, there were at least 3000 men wandering about with little or no employ ment, except in shearing and harvest time. Let us begin by utilising our own popula tion and preventing a further exodus, and then we shall be in a better position to invite immigration. Peace once more reigns in Europe : the falcons are hooded, and the sword is again in its scabbard. This is not exactly what was anticipated five or six months ago, for nobody imagined that the parties to the London treaty of 1852 would allow it to be made waste paper of. It is only a few months since the English and French Governments, the principal sponsors of that treaty, were protesting that whatever hap pened they would see it upheld, and Europe was willing to believe them. On the pre sumption that a conflict was inevitable be tween the Western powers and the German powers, Italy was arming to assert her rights in Yenetia, and the Hungarians were preparing to rise. The probability of a great European struggle never seemed so certain at any time these fifty years, and yet the omens have been completely falsified — the thunder cloud has passed without break ing. Perhaps it is all the better that it should. The last war, in which the Western powers went hand in hand, did not do the nations much good. It was a useless, be cause it was a sham, war in every way, except a lavish shedding of blood. A repe tition of the Crimean spectacle would not be desirable. If there would be as careful an aostaming irom seriously damaging Austria as there was on the former occasion from injuring Russia, it is matter for con gratulation that there was no Western expe dition in reference to the Duchies and the treaty of 1852. A hearty, honest, generous, crusade against Kaiser and Czar for the re adjustment of the map, in the interests of liberty and humanity, would have the enthusiastic approval of the vast majority of Englishmen and Frenchmen ; but they know, and tho world knows, that any such chivalric line of action is not to be looked for from their rulers, nor, even if it were, was the Schleswig-Iiolstein question a legitimate starting point for any such enterprise. j We can perceive why Downing street and the Tuileries did not actively interpose on behalf of Denmark and of the London treaty they mutually signed. We apprehend there is considerable truth in the rumor that the relations of the two Cabinets are by no means as really cordial as a few years ago. Moreover, even if France was disposed to interfere, she could not commit herself against Prussia and Austria, likely to be supported by Russia, unless England joined her. But England had enough of such an alliance before, and plainly saw that, whatever results might or might not follow, one thing, at any rate, would certainly en sue — namely, the French seizure of the Rhine. Then, too, the question arises, were those governments, as parties to the London treaty, really bound in honor to espouse the side of Deumark ? Most un doubtedly they would be so bound if that state had herself ^observed the conditions of the treaty, which was expressly framed for her advantage. But it is simple matter of fact that Denmark set the example of violating the treaty by infringing the local privileges of the Duchies. That the Court and Parliament in Copenhagen should have behaved so in ? sanely may be quite incomprehensible ; but it is, nevertheless, quite true. The Ger mans, chafing at the treaty, were only too glad at such a pretext for declaring it null and void. Then, again, Holstein and the greater part of Schleswig, being inhabited by Germans, appertain naturally to Germany, and not to Scandinavia. So it would be both inconsistent and impolitic in, at least, the French Emperor, who only made his peace with the Revolution by championing the principle of nationality, and who lately went to war in favor of Italian nationality, to now draw the sword against German nationality. He would hardly fail to find it in the long run a great mistake, for it would be a departure from that particular system of action which has alone given security to his throne. When he signed the treaty of 1852, which is a direct contravention of his more recent views, he had not yet adopted and endorsed them, and we may take for granted that he was not sorry w.hen the folly of the Danes afforded him, as well as the Germans, an opportunity of ignoring the treaty. He was thus delivered from a dilemma. The two points urged in England in behalf of Denmark are — first, that the Duchies have been Attached to that kingdom for centuries ; and, secondly, that, divested of them, she must be reduced to a most insignificant position. But, whatever weight such arguments possess in diplomatic circles, popularly they must be considered behind the sentiments and spirit of the time. For in the abstract, at least, it is no longer customary to sympathise with tho convenience of a dynasty or aggran disement of a state against the natu ral wishes and national instincts of a population. It was only the other day that England allowed the. Ionian Islanders to form a union with their kinsmen in Greece ; it was only the other day that we were delighted to see the Lombards get rid of foreign rule, and join themselves to their fellow Italians. Why, then, should we wax wroth because Schleswig-Iiolstein has be come part and parcel of its German father land f In a word, the tone of British opinion, and train of sentiment, prevalent on this Duchies question are most illogical and anomalous. The circumstance must be ascribed to two causes. In the first place, there is a just and thorough dislike to the two chief actors in the business — the Govern ments of Prussia and Austria. They are detested as despotic powers ; and the fact of their putting a hand to any movement is sufficient to render it- unpopular. In the second place, the gallant fight made by the Danes, and in the former war, as well as the present, has excited general admiration. Their splendid resistance, in spite of tremendous odds, reasonably evoked sympathy. So, between dislike to one party and admiration of the spirit of the other, the British public have suffered their judgment to be taken captive. Tn the entire transaction the Danes have only one thing to really complain of, namely, that the Western Governments encouraged them to resist by promises — whether direct or inferential — of support, and which were not fulfilled. Of the Western Cabinets the Danes have indeed good reason to com plain. Now that the Danish territory is nar rowed to its own provinces, it is impossible to believe that it will continue to stand alone. Its union with the other Scandinavian kingdoms of Sweden and Norway is, ere long, inevitable. And, for the sake of the balance of power, as well as in furtherance of national interests, .. such a conjunction is highly desirable. A really strong state will thereby be established in the north as a counterpoise against the ambition of Russia in that direction. As member of a Scandinavian confederacy, Denmark will play a more useful and influential part than in her late artificial position, presiding over unwilling foreign provinces. Then the handing over to the Frankfort Diet of the Germans, who were lately Danish subjects, removes one, of the great sources of European disturbance. By the liberation of Italy, one of those standing dangers to peace was done away with ; now,' by the transfer of the Duchies, accordant with their popular wish, another such cause of continual trouble is got rid of. The. rectification of the map of Europe is thus gradually progressing; and it is only by such rectification that revolutions and in ternational wars will ever be brought to a close. 