S U M M A R Y FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Parliament was prorogued on the 2nd inst., with a view to an early dissolu- tion. The new Electoral Act-under which, for the first time, a general elec- tion takes place-prescribes that the elections shall take place in three divi- sions, and between the first and the last of them there may be an interval of forty days, if Ministers so will it. The act names the constituencies in their several classes; and the ar- rangement undoubtedly is convenient to Ministers and members of doubtful popularity, because, if beaten in the first or second series of contests, they have still a third to fall back on in their search for a constituency in the willing frame of mind which distinguished Mr. Barkis. It is not expected that the first of the writs for the new elections will be issued before August or Septem- ber ; and as the last of the third series will not be over before the middle of October, we are not likely to see Parliament again at work before the last days of October. It is fully anti- cipated that there will be considerable changes in the ranks of our legislators. The operation of the self-registration system introduced by the new bill has been to lessen the constituency of the Upper House by nearly one half, and to reduce the number of electors for the Lower House by about thirty-five per cent. The numbers of the former have been reduced from 10,723 to 8,982, and the hitter from 178,632 to 120,829. The rolls are still incomplete, and will be so till after the 30th instant, but the num- bers already stated will not undergo much change. In these reductions some of the mining districts have suffered most severely, from fluctuations to which mining prospects are exposed, and the frequency of rushes from one alluvial mining district to another. It is pro- bable, also, that an effort will be made by those who are interested in property to find a class of candidates by whom their views will be better represented. It is too early, however, to speculate further on the probable results of the elections, as, except in isolated instances, persons intending to become candidates have made no sign. The Ministry have been equally reticent as to the programme with which they will go before the country. On the Land question they have been silent since the rejection of their bill to amend the Act of 1862. Their Mining Statute has shared the fate of that measure ; and their proposed scheme of water-supply for the gold-fields, and irrigation for the agricultural lands, never emerged from its pigeon-hole in the desk of the Minister of Mines. An effort is being made by the opponents of state aid to religion to revive that ques tion during the elections, with a view te the gradual extinction of state assist- ance to the churches. An attempt has been made to establish a Protec- tionist League for "the whole of tin Australasian colonies," under the leader ship of the Hon. Caleb Jenner, M.L.C. but the good sense of the colony has smothered the effort in its birth. The appearances of the " League," on the various occasions on which the pub- lic have been addressed, have shown the leaders of the movement to be singularly barren of political experience and common sense, and their labours have done little more than cover themselves with ridicule. We have every reason to be satis- fied with the experience the colony has had of a system of the freest trade. While Tasmania and New South Wale where protectionist notions prevail are groaning over empty exchequers, and dreading the appearance of importunate creditors, the Treasurer of Victoria has been able to assure the country, from the liveliness of the customs and excise revenue, that he will be able to close the accounts of the year without a defi- ciency. This being the case, we can wait, free from anxieties, the re-assem- bling of Parliament. The Ministry of Mr. M'Cullock has sustained a severe loss by the death of Mr. Heales, the President of the Board of Land and Works. The hon. mem ber's health gave way towards the close of the struggle in Parliament over his rejected bill to amend the Land Act. During the Easter recess he visited Sydney, for the sake of change of ai but very soon returned alarmingly ill. He had burst a small blood-vessel in the lungs ; but though he wa3 only i his forty-second year, his system was worn out. From the first his recover was despaired of. He gradually sank and on Sunday last died, surrounded by his friends, at his own house, at Elsternwick. He is the first Victorian Minister who has died in the harness of office-the first Minister of any note indeed, who has held office since the in- stitution of responsible government in the colony over whom the grave has close Of moderate ability, he won his position in the state by the force of industry ; and he earned the respect of all parties : the House, and a very large measure of confidence out of it, by the honesty of his character, and the single-minded- ness which he exhibited throughout a public career dating from 1854. He was a member of the Assembly from the institution of responsible government-having represented the Bourko Boroughs from that time till his death. He held the position Chief Secretary in the Heales-Brooke Ministry; and on the accession of Mr. M'Culloch to office he joined him, taking the department of Lands. The funeral of the deceased Minister took place on Thursday last, and was the largest private funeral that has ever taken place in this city. Busi- ness was suspended; the streets were lined with crowds of people; and His Ex- cellency the Goveinor, the Ministry, the members of both Houses of Parlia- ment, the corporation of Melbourne, the suburban corporations, various public bodies, and a large number of private persons, joined the procession. Mr Heales, it is understood, will be suc- cceded in the Lands department by Mr Grant, who has hitherto held the port- folio of Railways and Roads, and it rumoured that Mr. Grant will have Mr. David Moore as a successor in that department. A vacancy has occurred in the repre- sentation of the Western Province hy- the death of the Hon. Charles Vaughan, which occurred on Saturday List, after ¡m illness of some duration. The war in New Zealand drags its slow length along. The troops have now gore into winter quarters. Mr. M'Cullocü informed Parliament, on one of the last days of its sitting, that the Government had opened a cor- respondence with the Imperial authori- ties on the subject of fortnightlyy mail communication with England. The near approach of the completion of the Persian Gulf line of telegraph between Ceylon and London gives fresh importance to this question, so far as the colonies are concerned. In another column will be found the excellent letters of the special reporter despatched from The Argus office, some time ago, to Western Australia, for the purpose of inquiring into the state of that colony, and the effects of trans- portation generally. Wo cannot, of course, boast the stately ctrimonial of England when the representa- tivo of Her Most Gracious Majesty coinoa down to the seat of legislation to exercise tho constitutional function of assembling or proroguing Parliament, nevertheless we havo contrived to develouo pageantry and splen- dour enough, to fairly satisfy even tlieaiiht seei8 of the old world. The prorogation on. the 2nd inst. was, in this moderato view, a brlll'ant nffuir. The fine chambor of tho Legislative Council, cs is usual on such occa- sions, was crowdod with spectators, the large proportion being ladies. The Governor wa-j c:coited to the House by a party of mounted police, and was received in Parliament yard by a guard of honour of tho Royal Artillery. His Excellency was accom- panied by Brigadier-General Chuto, and attended by severol officers. The Logls lativo Assembly having been summoned, tho Speaker, who was attired in his state robes, attended by tho officers of tho IIOUBO, and followed by tho Chief Secretary, who» appeared in Wiudsor uniform, tho Attor- ney-General, who wore his dresa wig and other hon. members, proceeded to the Legis- lative Counc'l chamber. On reaching the bar, the Speaker presented the Appropriation Bill, and prayed the Governor's assent thercio. His Exoellency then gnvo his assent to twenty-three bills, a proceeding which oc- cupied nearly half an hour. Afterwards the Goveinor delivered his speech, reviewing the buslnees of the session, and declared Parlia- ment prorogued until the 1st day of July. His Excellency retired with his suite, tho public then dispersed, and tho Speaker aud the mcrntcu of the Legislative Assombly returned to their chamber. Anivod there. Sir Francis Murphy took a seat at tho table, and read the Governor's speech. Ho then shook hands with hon. members (commenc- ing with the Chief Secretary and the Ministry) and bade them farewell, and as ho loft the Houso three cheon were given in his honouv. And thus terminated the third seaaioa of the third Parliament of Victoria. This is the shortest Parliamentary session which we have had since the introduction of responsible government. It was opened on tho 26th January last, and, therefore, oxtended ovor a little more than four months, this period including tho Easter recess, which oc- cupied between three and four weeks. The Legislative Assembly bad fifty-five sittings, which lasted aomo 800 hours, the average length per sitting being five and a half hours The sittings of tho Legislative Oounoll num- bered tbirty-fivo, occupying togethor about fifty-eight honra, and giving an averago of an hour and a half per sitting. The Council "divided" seven times, and tho Assembly about seventy times. The number of bills bofore Parliament during the se3sion was sixty-five, of which, sixty-one wero initiated in tho Legislative Assembly, and four in tbe Legislative Council. Tho numbeir which passed both Housoa was forty-eight. Of theso, forty-four recoivod the Governor's assent, and four havo bean re- served for the Queen's approval. The former consist of the Appropriation Bill, thrco anti- cipatory money billa, twenty-three consolida- tion bill«, and tho following :-Trading Com- panies Bill, Importation of Gunpowoer Re- gulation Bill, Customs Duties Bill, Publicans' Bill, PaidNavalaud Military Forces Bill, Real Pioperty Act Amoûdment Bill, Neglcoted and Criminal Childron Bill, Wharfago Rates. Bill, Weights and Measures Act Amendment Bill, Dog Act Amendment Bill, Limited Liability (Mining) Companies Bill, Hospitals and Charitable Institutions Bill, Post-office LiittB Consolidation and Amendmont Bill, In- testates' Beni Estute Bill, Merchandise Marks Bill, Land-Drainajo Bill, and the Australian Mutuul Provident Society's Bill. Of tho bills which left the Legislative Assembly, but failed to pass the Upp.'r House (fivo lu nura bei), one, tho Land Act (1802) Amendment Bill, was rejected on tho second roading ; another, Mr. Mocgregor's Electoral AotAmend lutnt Bill, waB abandoned by tho bon. gentle- man who had charge of it; the Minlnç Boundaries Bill and tho Gold-helds Adminis- tration of JuBtico Luw Amendment Bill which form togethor but a small portion of tho elaborate mining measure oiiginolly intro- duced by Mr. Sullivan to th&Lower; House vvereshelvcilbythopostponomentofthoBocond reading until a day posterior to the proroga- tion ; and tho fifth-Mr. Casey'sCountyCourts Administration Hill- proved nbjrtlvo for the reuton that, ulthough down for seoond load- ing on Thnrbday, the visit of the Governor to prorogue would not allow tho business to he token into consideration. The Justices. Law Consolidation Bill foil through because of the difl'erenco between tho two Houtea as to tho amendment8 made by the Legislative Council relating to the jurisdiction of justices, and affecting certain existing privileges of the mayors of Melbouruo and Geelong-a dlfierenco which was not got ovor by committe-eî appointed to confer on. tho Bubject. The progress of the Constitu- tion Laws Consolidation Bill was abruptly stopped b;cause an absoluto majority of tho Legislative Assembly could not bo in- duced to vote in favour of the second road- ing; and the Sandhurst and Inglewood Tramway Bill did not get beyond tho select, committee oí tho Lower Houso to which it waa refericd. Tho nine following meaaures. were withdrawn, after passing their Initial Btage in tho Legislative Assombly :-Tho Public Worka Law Consolidation Bill, Party Meetings Law Consolidation Bill. Public Audit Law Amendment Bill, Dr. Maolcay'a Imprisonment for Debt Bill, Mr. Howard's. Pleuro-pneumonia Bill, Mr. Levey's Local Government Act Amendment Billi Mr. Mut>. aregor's Distress for Bent Bill, Dr. Macadam's. Dispensing of Medicines Bill, and Mr.. M'Mahon's Commou Schools Act Amend- ment Bill. One esat in tho Legislative Council became» vacant during the sesaion ; it was caused hy- the death of Mr. Donald Kennedy, and thu. vacancy was filled up by the election of Mr. William Taylor. Tho seats in tho Legislativo, Asaimbly vacated by Mr. W. 0. Smith, Dr. Mackay, and Mr. R. D. Ireland, wero supplied by the election of Mr. B. Lowis, Mr. John. Everard, and Mr. S. Macgregor. Amongst tbo supplementary votes passed in the last days of the sesaion, wero one of' £3,0C0 to aid industry and reformatory schools supported by private contribution« ; and another of £14,000 to meet costs of arbi- trations under the Lund Act of 1802. Amongst tho state ceremonials of the month; wemuEt not omit to mention the Governor's ball, on the 1st ¡net., in celebration of Her Majesty's birthday, which took placo at the Exhibition-building, and proved a very bril-, liant affair-a result which niuat have bean, highly gratifying, not only to ÍHB Excellency and Lady Dalling, on the ocousiou of the first, festivity of the land which they have givon, but also to thu numerous party who had th» privilege of sharing in the entertainment. The company present numbered about 1,4CX and included a fuir re-prtwmtation of the» fashion and beauty of tho colony. Among; the notabilities wem the Commander of tho Forces and the officers of the garrison, their Honours the Judges, the Ministers, members of both Houses of Parliament, University pro- fessors, volunteer officers, the foreign consul., the mayors of the newly-created boroughs and Mr. Charles Kenn. The ladies' toilets were of the most elegant character, and the charm which their varied hues afforded was enhanced by the goodly show of military, naval, volunteer, and official uniforms, Tho Exhibition-building was decorated tor the evening in most tasteful fashion. An abundance of gaslight, and an ample dislay of flags and evergroens, gave to the whole interior a most cheerful appearance. The " Vivat Regina," glittering in gas jets in front of the east gallery, served to remind the com- pany in whose honour the fete was given. The ball was opened at nine o'dock with a quadrille, His Excellency dancing with Mrs. .David Moore, and Brigadier- General Chute with MÍEB Darling. The business of the «vening, thus commenced, wai prosecute! right merrily to Hie music of Zepliu's baud, light refreshments were strved during the evening at tim eastern end of tho building. .At twelve o'clock supper was annouac-d, and His Excellency led the company to the gal- leries, where a handsome repast awaited dis- cussion, und where the guests showed that the pottio incidents of the hall hu-1 not a. all unfitted fheni for the prosaic business of rv fection. Before leaving the tablo, His Excel- lency proposed the health of " Tho Queen" a toast which was diunk in right loyal man- ner. Dancing was then leFUtued, and conti- nued with renewed animation, the revelry not t.nniuatiiig for several hours afterwir.ls. A guard ol honour, furnished by the Royal -Artillery, was stationed out-dd» the building in the early portit.n of the eveuing. The most prominent feature of the month's news are the painful illustrations which Vic- toria herself is affording of the terrible social evil which the mother country has inflicted on this continent. Crimes of the most daring kind have been perpetrated in the broad day- light in the busiest quarters of this populous capital, only still further to show the bles- sings which Old England has sent us in her felonry. But its we have elsewhere specially entered iulo details on this head, we here only offer these few passing remarks. It is much more pleasing to have to turn to and chronicle facts which exhibit our pro- gress, intellectual and social. A return, printed on the authority of the Legislative Assembly, shows that 151 students have ma- triculated in the University of Melbourne of whom 120 were entered as students n arts, laws, or engineering, and twenty five in medicine. The number of non- matriculated students who have entered the University is 358-of whom 326 attended the lectures in law, eight those in arts, three those in medicine, and twenty-one those in engineering. The report reminds the Assem- bly, however, that the medical school has only been opened two years. The salaries are as follow :-Professor of philologv and logic, £1,000; professor of mathematics, £1,000; professor of natural science., £1,000 ; professor of history and political economy, £1,000 ; professor of anatomy, physiology, and patho- logy, £1,000 ; lectures on law (two), each £100 ; lecturer on chemistry and practical chemistry, £100; lecturer on materia medica, therapeu- tics, and medicil botany, £100; lecturer on surgery, £100; lecturer on civil engineering, £100. That our youth are not averse to do the stato some Ftrvice is praved by the fact that at the last periodical " preliminary examina- tion" for the Civil Service theto were 123 can- didates. We have just paid parting homage to a dis- tinguished man of science. Professor George Neumayer, late director of our magnetic obser- vatory, after pending seven years of great use fulness in the colony, has sailed for Europe by the Garruwalt. On the eve of his departure he was entertained by the German Associa- tion at dinner, the comnany including several English friends. Mr. F. Kaweran occupied the chair, and Dr. Lilienfeld and Mr. W. A. Brahe acted as vice-president. At the close of the repast, the toasts of "The Queen of Great Bt itain," "The Prlnc< of "Wales and tho Royal Family," and " Governor Sir Charles Darling," were given in succession from the chair. Then came the toast of the evening, proposed in feeling terms by the chairman, who observed that, great as might be the loss which Victoria might sustain by the departure of Professor Neumayer, the loss to the German residents would be far greater. In the course of his remarks, the chairman presented to Pro femur Neumayer, the diploma of honorary member of the German Association, and also an elegantly- bound album, contain ing the photographs and autographs of the member of the Society. Professor Neumayer responded in an animated address during which he intimated that he should ever entertain the kindliest recollections of his Victorian experiences. Dr. Lilienfeld pro posed "The Fatherland." Dr. W. Thomson next gave as a toast, "Success to the Scien- tific and Fine Art Institutions in Victoria.' The toast was acknowledged -on behalf o Fcience by Dr. Mueller, and on the part of tin line arts hy Mr. Chevalier. The former gea tlemnn, after past-ing a high eulogiuin or Profe-sor Neumayer, dwelt upin the gene rous assistance which the scientific efforts o foreign countries in this part of the work had received from Australian Governments. Amongst the votes of the lato session o Parliament is one of £2,000, to be offered as t reward for the discovery of an artusian streau of water " within that portion of the bisin o the River Aluiray lying below the junction o the Ovens River with the Murray, and bain: within the colony of Victoria" The voto i placed under the mananeraent of the Minini and Geological Survey Department. At the second ordinary meeting of the Royal Society for the session, amongst the correspondence received was a letter from Mr Keen, Government inspector of coal-fields in New South Wales, promising to forward series of fossils, which would materially aid the society in discussing the question of the age of the New South Wales coal-fields. In addition to the Shakspeare scholarship at the Univertity, by which we have marke the tercentenary, there is a movement for th erection of a bronze cast of Mr. Summers statue of the poet, which wo doubt not wi! be crowned with success. His Excellency th Governor has promised a liberal sub-criptior conditional on the funds b"ing raised by pr: vate conti ilutionB, and without any gran fiom the Legislature. The amount airead subscribed is more than half the sum re quhed. The cause of acclimatisation proceeds most satisfactorily. The introduction of the sal mon to Australian waters may now be con sidered as all but accomplished. We have now hatched a supply of the young princes of the river, and the only question which scientific and practical men are earnestly and anxiously considering is the best places for their ultímate settlement in the waters of the southern hemisphere. This question, how- ever, is alluded to more in detail elsewhere. A return published by Government sim« that, in Ihe eleven months ending the 251 ult., l.CTOt statute adults (representing 1,8. persons of all ages) were sent for from En; land and Wales, under the immigration regí lutioiiH; from Scotland, 673 statute ndul (663 persons) ; and from.Ireiaud, 8,427 statu' adulte (or 3,637 souls). There wero thus 6.57Í statute ndiilhi, or 6.1.3 persons of all age sentfor fiomtho three kingdoms during ti past eleven months, under the regulations. The Victoriau Rifle Association have th: year had a most successful annual gathorin and the .hooting was creditable to the ski acquired by our civic boldlery. The ass dation offer another challenge cup nu money prizes, to ba shot for on tho 2nd i July, at the Sandridge batt.-tim competitio to be in filo aud volley firing. Tho followlr are amougst the most important roqulatiot to be observed on the occasion:-Each cori competing will be required to furnish twenl men. The?llriug will be three rounds voile; firing, and three rounds file-firlng, at 2l yards', and the saraeatdOO yards'-front rat kneeling; rear rank standing. The tar« . will bo 0 x G; and the scoring will bo-At '£ yards': 8iu. bull's-eye, four; 2ft.centre, thro 4ft. outer centro, two; rest of tarpot, on At 400 yards': 2ft. bull's-eye,four ; 4ft. cent. three; Oft. outer centre, two; rest of targt one. The weapons used must l)B the wuapoi of tho corps, with fixed foresight?, and G1 pull of trigger. A circular on the subjeot h been addieesed to each corps in the colony. In order to test the comparative merits the breech-loading rifle, used by th« ¡«tiller and the Lancaster, the weapon of the rll companies, the Melbourne Artillery last ye; challenged the East Collingwood corps to friendly conteht, in which the latter werevl toiious by a very large number of point Tho return match carno off lut,t week, in whit the Aitillery wero ag.titi defeated, by sixte« points. The distances anti numbera of roum were as follow :-At 200 yards, three roundi nt COO yards, fivo rouuds ; anil at 600 yard five rounds. Eleven men tired on each sfile A movement of sympathy for the Danu cause is making considerable progress on ti cold-fields. Already a considerable sum h been .ubscrib'id. and this is but a commene merit At Castlemaine a meeting was held few days ago of the subset ibers to the D-ini Relief Fund, to take steps to remit contrlb Hon. to tho Central Committee, Copeubage The amount collected in tho.Cusüemalno di trlot np to the present is £S7 5s., and a weekly oUbscription of Is. and upwards is still in force among the Danes. At Fryerstown a vory respectable gathering resolved-" That this meeting pledges itself with heort and purse to the cause of the widows and orphans of Danish patriota who have fallen in the strug- gle against Gcrmau apgreasion." The Central Board Appointed to Watch over the interests of the Aborigines have caused the blankets and shirts issued this year to be made of a peculiar pattern ; aud it is notified that th clothing is issued to the aborigines for their use and comfort, and still remains the property of the Government, and that no aboriginal can lawfully sell it or exchange it for intoxicating liquors. Persons illegally found in possession of any of the blankets or shirts issued by the Central Board will be prosecuted. A conference of ministers of valions deno- minations, and other gentlemen interested in the City Mission, baa been held, and a consti- tution and organisation adopted identical with the London City Mission. It is cou templated to form a genoial committei of such contributor as subscribo a guinea per annum, and to elect a smaller woiklug committee'. An institution for the reformation of un- fortunate young females, established lately by the Nuns of the Good Shepherd, at Abbots- ford, near Johnston-street bridge, is progress- ing most favourably. The good sisters are indefatigable in their efforts to reform those under their care, and, as one of the means for the accomplishing that most desirable end, train them to pursue whatever industrial oc- cupation they may be suited for and that the arrangements of the institutiou admit of. Already a department in which needlework of every kind is executed has been established, and an extensive laundry is being completed, and will be ready for work in the course of the next week. The sisters contemplate, by various industrial means, to ultimately make the establishment self supporting. The opening of a Penny Savings Bank in the populous municipality of Fitzroy is a step in our social progress. The use of the Fitzroy Court house has been granted by the local council for the transaction of the busi- ness of the bank, and on the opening night a continual stream of persons poured into the bank, to invest their savings. A second Penny Savings Bank commenced operations, re- ceiving deposits, on last Saturday, in East Col- lingwood. Tbe third annual meeting of the "Victorian Society of Blues" has just been held at Gee- long, inhtead of in Melbourne, as on former occasions. The toiu- ts embraced all the usual expressions of lov alty, enhanced on this occasion by the intimate' connexion of royalty with the piircut institution. "Tne roy .ii and nuclent foundation of Christ's Hospital" was specially enlarged upon by the prcoideut, and most enthusiastically responded to. We are now in mid-winter, but geraniums and delicate tea-sceuteei ros* s iu full bloom in our gardens tell of our genial climate. Our hoiticulturists are active in the march of im- provement, convinced of the fact that, where the kindly fruits of the earth will flourish, it s as easy to grow good as bad varieties. By the ship Suffolk, lately arrived for the Horti- cultural Society of sorts new to the colony - Apples, 63 ; nectarines, 14 ; apricots, 13 ; pears, 53 ; cherries, 18 ; grapes, 17 ; peaches, 22 ; nuts, 6; plums, 24; figs, 3; currants, rasp berries, and strawberries, 10; in all, 235 varieties- the consignment of those first rate cultivators, the Messrs. Rivers, of Sawbridge worth, Herbs. Considerable supplies of fish now reach Melbourne from Port Albert, by the rival steamers which maintain the trade between the two ports. Corner Iultt, it seems, te-ims with fish. Hauls of from two to three tons are of common occuirence, about half the quantity being forwarded to Melbourne hy the steamers, aud tho remainder kipt aud cured for the same market. We have, in the couTsa of tha present week, had two melancholy public demon- strations of respeot for departed worth, nt the funtrals of the Hon. Mr. Vaughan. M.L.C., and of the Hon. Mr. Heales, the Minister of Land and Works. The remains of Mr. Vaughan were on Wednesday committed to the grave, and the funeral WUB so largely attended as to render it almost a public one. The train of carriagea stretched for fully a quarter of a mile. The funeral honours to Mr. Heales, which BO testified to the respect in which ho was ln-ld by men of all opinions, were on a much larger and moro im nosing scale. Hia Excolluioy the Governor join-d the mournful procea-lon, and was present at the interment; Cabinet Ministers acted as pall-bearers, und clergymen of vurioua deno- minations took part la the solemnities. The corpse was attended to the grave by a follow- ing which extended more than a milo in length, the route along which tho mournful procession passed being closed eu tin ly for business purposes, and lined throughout with sympathising spectators. A murder waa committed on Saturday last, almost on the threshold of one of the Govern ment offices. The name of the murdered man is James Marsh, that of the man by whom he was shot is Christopher Harrison. They were partners, and had been engaged in the execu- tion of a contract in clearing a section of tho Jordan track. When standing outside the, office of the department of Roads and Rail- ways, where they had met by appointment, with a view to the settlement of a matter on which there had for some time been a dispute between them, some proposal was tendered to Marsh by Harrison, which he declined to ac- cede to, whereupon Harrison took a loaded pistol from his pocket, and shot Marsh dead. he then attempted with another pistol to shoot himself through the heart, but the pistol missing fire, it was taken from him before he could lit on a fresh cup. OUR INDUSTRIAL PROGRESS. The annual volumes of statistics, which wo owe to the Industry of the registrar-general, are as servicable in mnrking the progress of the colony tis those milestones which, by their rapid succession to each other, cheer the heart of the intrepid traveller, or, by their slow re- currence, vex the soul of the weary wayfarer. It is pleasant to discover in these blue-booka the evidences of the advancement the colony is making in material prosperity, and to fiud that, without further stimulus than a healthy enterprise backed by sufficient capital, we aro becoming from day to day less dependent upon the mother country, not merely for the articles we consume and thoso we wear, but for thoso which are indispensable to manu- factures thermselvea. The reglatrar-general informa us that in 1851-when Victoria for the first time obtained a Legislature-we had but eighty one manufactories in the colony, although the first settlers landed on the banks of the Yarra in 1835, although the first newspaper of the colony waa published ia 1838, and the bounds of the city of Melbourne were set out in 1843\. Ten yeara after the firat regulations for the sale of land in Port Philip were issued, in fact, the whole of the fellmongeries, mills, boat-building establishments, &c.-every; workshop, in short, to which the name of manufactory could be given-did not exceed the small number already stated. Last year the aggregate number was 708 ; and when the examination ia carried back, it ia found that the rate of progress has increased rapidly of late years. The reason why ia easily given. The growth of wool and the scraping of gold from the earth no longer engrossed the attention of the producing classes. It can- not be said that legislation bas doue much to bring about the change. Wo aro stiU without the oil from the olivea, of which there wua some expectation two or three years ago. The novel industries clause of the Land Bill has not yet given us raisins to rival those of Smyrna, .or currants to match those of Patras. Rice has not flourished in the swamps, nor mudder becomo an urtlcle of export. Wa have not found ouraugar in the beotroot, and the Victorian kop ¡astilla myth. The novel industries clause of the Land Act, iudeed, though It may be full of promise, has hitherto dono nothing to swell the number of our mills and manufactories ; and the increase of the latter, noted by the roalatrar general, ia due to the efforts of the colony to become ita own supplier of articles of import, requiring greater capital and ukill In their manufacturo than those simpler producta which our legis- lators havo favoured as "special iudus tiles." Since wo laBt noticed tho progress the colony is making in manufacturée, the in- genious amongst ua have not been idle, and the variety of subjects to which they have given their attention, has bjen very wide. A ramble on the wharfs will show thecurioua in such mattera that to miirkít-giirden pro- duce for expoit we havo added butter and chees-e, for which, not long ago, we wore our- selves dependent on Co:k aud Oheahire. The preservation of beef for export is not, of course, a new industry in this colonv, but it is a proof of progress that we now find it packed in casks of colonial wood and colonial make. We not merely send cattle and sheep to New Zealand, but Melbourne assumes to Dunedin the position which Aberdeen maintains to Smithfield, as its purveyor of fresh as well as of cured meat. Steamship-building is also another industry not new ; but the combination of iron und wood in the product of the ship yard is new, and the first vessel built in tho colony on this prluciple has just been launched on the Yarra. We have steam machinery at work, kupplying cordage of all kiuds, from the smullesfc to the largest sizes the largest ship which visits Aiistralian water« re- quires. A steam collier - a Vessel tit for better purposes, and the first ever en- gaged in the trade-now plies between Mclbuuine and Newcastle ; and a sec >ud of very much laiger dimensions, and fitted up in this port, is about to make her trial trip. No longer dependent on Boston, we miinn'actura the leo we regard as indispensable for use in bummer. Chcmibtry has also been applied to oihorarts, and hy itB aid we produce ou the banks ot the Yarra a variety of prolucts in- dispensable in a ttismifaccur'tng c.intnuuity. The Bist 6iim|)le8 of colonial regulus have made their appearance ia the market, and piomi=e a b.ii-is for other manufactures. Our hoots aro made partly at leubt by machinery, and altogether ol e louiul mateiiils. An en- terprising fabricator of articles in steel has gone bo far as to supersede the Blruiin.hain iiauuueiuiun ni producing that latestubbiitant to the graces- crinoline. From portable cups, and specifics tor disease in sheep- itid this labt forms no iu.onsiderable item iu the table of exp.irts-we have advanced to cinara which rival tho.o of Havaunah and Manilla. A lew weeks mole will furntnti a local rival of the lamons nmiz.na makers of Paisley. No longer finding it neccbsaiy to resoit to the London markets for the rlne_t descrip- tion ot binding und hook work, we sliaH s .Kin, oho, be independent ot Europe as regards printiiig pupei, tbu machinery for the first paper-mill being now, we are assured, on the way from England. 'Ihe list ot lato contributions to the table of new manufactories might be extended largely it space permitted ; but it is long and varied enough to .how that iudustrj; is not stagnant. The colony, indeed, is setting to work manfully to render itself indepen- dent. The success of these works must in time influence the value of the imports we u-ceive, and solve two ol' the problems which haw distui bed some of our local politicians whether manufactures can b.) developed in a j new country without protection, ami what we mo to do with our b.j s. Tlie708 minu fuctoiies which existed in 1803 answer the flint ot thebe quebtions in a pt«.ctical mau nor, lind every adüHon to their number removes tho difficulty as to tho Becoud. What h>»s bein Hone is an earnest of wimt may be done. Our distance from Eutopean und American beats of mamiluctuie is, in truth, nil tlio protection wo need; und it is ol a kind which c innot hi taken away. We may les.-cn the thoo occupied on the vojage, but just as we shorten the dura- tion of the putsige by the employment of greater steam power, wo iucrea-e the cost of the service, and necessarily the fteigut uf goods so conveyed. Those, therefore, whose enterprise and skill have led them iufco the new paths ot industry so hopefully enume- rated by Mr. Amber, hive a fair assurance pf succet8 before them, und their prosperity will certainly not be otherwise than bénéficiai to the colony. Regulations under which the vote of £5,000, agreed to in the course of the late soisitm, for the encouragement of new munufactories and industiies, will ho expended, have heeu drawn up by th« Coinmif-bioner of Customs. "We have just bud au opportunity of seeing some of the produc. of a new and promising industry, namely, that for the sm.lting ot antimony by a new process. Some two or three months ago, the Rev. Edward Hughes, ol M'lvor, took out a patent for bep'iratiug antimony from other muals, aud producing the regulus. The peculiarity of the present fiom the old proctis at homo consi-ts in ac- complishing the smelting by one process, and that so economically that two men may produce about thirty tous a week. It is now worked by Mr. Hughe*? and other peisons, at Costerfield, by the nome of the Victorian Antimony Smeltiug Com- pany, under the management of Mr. Alsup. It is well known that antimony ttliouuds throughout the M'lvor dlotrict, ana as far as the Goulburn. There has already b.eil n consideiablo export of the ore to Eng- land, and tho English smelter has derived consiticiablu advantage from his ability to ex- tract the gold and the silver, of which there is bimetimes a laige ptr centage. It is esti- mated that, at the present price iu the Etig libh inaiket of £40 a ton, tue Victorian smelter can mostpiofitably compets-with his Englibh rival under the new process, and the ciiinpuny tue very sanauine of opening up a lar. ti tlt'dc in the metal. It is stated that, even should the home market bi glutted with rtlerencü to the ptesotit purposes for which antimony is used, it could be profitably ex- ported for conversion into white paint. STREET IMPROVEMENTS. We are able to inform our readers that the retail trade of Melbourne has, during the past twelvemonths, experienced a decided improve- ment. This fact, which is always difficult of discovery amid the complaints of failing cus- tom, increase of bad debts, and a poverty of customers, which form the stock modes of expression for retail dealers, is none the less certain. Much in this respect is owing to the opening of our Government lines of railway, and their effect has been to give an addi- tional importance to the metropolis. The ex- travagant shop rents for sites in the principal commericial thoroughfares are still paid, though they are not on the increase; but trade has found, and is still finding, profitable channels in other streets. Even in Lonsdale street, whose social character- if such a term can be applied-is not high, increasing business promises to introduce a reform. Since 1850-7 there have hardly ever been so many inquiries for private dwellings either in the city or suburbs. Persons commencing housekeeping find the greatest trouble in outlining a suit- able tenement, and the awkward ill-arranged buildings which unwise people built in the old times, command in almost every case good rents. If things go on as at present, the time when commodious private dwellings are let at a reasonable rent is as far off as ever. Buildings devoted to business are also in huge demand, and increasing fast. This im- provement, we are led to believe, has been much stimulated by the exposure of the real condition of the building and other trades in Melbourne, in a series of articles in The Argus respecting "The Condition of Labour," the effect being that builders now have their hands full, while wages are still high. For the information of our Eng- lish readers, we will just mention a few of the city improvements. In the retail shops there is a great deal going on. Messrs. Alston and Brown, drapers,of Collins-street,have, for instance, lately erected on their old site (occu pied in bygone years by C. Williamson and Co.) magnificent premises, equal, if not supe- rior, to any in the country. The place is now fitted to hold the enormous stock required, which frequently amounts in value to £50,000 or £00,000. Another drapery establishment, erected nearly opposite the now Bank of Vic- toria by Messrs. Appleton and Littlcwood, is an ornament to the city, and among the Collins street shops that into which Mr. Wat- son, tailor, has lately removed, nearly opposite the now Bank of Victoria, exhibits an amount of tasteful ornament not at all common here. In the neighbourhood of Scott's Hotel, and opposite the Western Market, numerous suites of handsome offices have been put up. At the corner opposite the Union Bank, hitherto occupied by Mr. Mooney, chemist, a fine tall row of buildings are being built, but their effect will be injured by a few tumbledown shanties, which a shortsighted proprietor per- sists in retaining in the space between that nd the London Chartered Bank. In Bourke street west a row of shops is filling up the space between Morton's Hotel and Queen street. Near the Bull and Mouth, several three-storitd houses, with commodious shop fronts, are taking the place of a portion of the Union Hotel. In Swanston street, some welcome additions are being made to the shops in the busiest part; and Gal land's old cabbage tree hat manufactory, a one-story remnant of primeval Melbourne, has disappeared, to give place to a tall edifice, which does honour to the city. Further northward, the John Knox Free Church has been rebuilt with advantage, with a highly respectable Oddfellows' hall along- side. In stores and wholesale business build- ings the improvement is yet greater. It is many months since we fully described the splendid new wool stores of Messrs. Clough aud Co., Messrs. R. Goldsbrough and Co., and Messrs. Cuningham and Macredie; and now Messrs. R. Goldsbrough's stores in William street are being nearly doubled in size. Messrs. Stevenson and Sons, soft goods im- porters, are putting up a store which will be about tbe handsomest and by far the largest single building of the kind. There are to be five stories, and the roof will be seventy-two feet above the ground. The architect is Mr. F. M. White, and the cost ovor £20 000. The same gentleman is erecting some splendid stores, 100 feet by sixty-six feet, in Bourke street between King and William streets for A Macfarlan and Co, importers of machinery another, for the Hon W Degraves, at the corner of Russel and Flinders streets ; and he has also prepared plans for the St Kilda Royal Hotel Company, the object of which is to establish an hotel on the joint-stock system invented in America, and now being popularized in England and on the continent of Europe. The design is magnificent, and the prospectus promises a profit of twenty seven per cent per annum on the capital, which is set down at £75,000, or £20,025 out of annual receipts, amounting to £34,544 We have in the foregoing few lines only in- dicated rather than enumerated our city im- provements, which are likely to continue at the same rate for some time unless the build- ing ' trades ' interfere by striking for wages too high to afford profit to those who are now investing their money in building ANTI TRANSPORTATION. The question of transportation to these colonies is undoubtedly the question of the month and it has received much suggestive illustration during that brief period. 1 hu Anti Trunspot tation League is still ao tively pursuing the important duties commit ted to it by the public At a meeting of the commiltee.heldiutheTown hallof Melbourne on the 17th lust, a letter from Mr Childers M P, waa read intimating that, having taken effice, he could not co operate as heretofore with the league, but that ho would not the leaa tttke au interest in who te ver might be for the welfare of the colony, nor yet the lesa regret anj thing which might tend to injure it The aub committee ni pointed to advise as to tho powers gi vm by law for preventing the influx of convicts to Victoria, directed attention to the fact, that any two juBtices before whom an} perBon may bo brought, and proved to be a felon convicted in any other country or place, may order his return to the country or place where the felony waa committed-a power Ecemingly aufhcient to warrant the remia-uon to the United Kingdom of Liona convicted there, aud arriving here through any other colony or settlement It was re solved that, prioi to the departure of the mail an addriss should be prepared and placed in the hands ot the Government, for trana mission to the RifahtHon E Cardwell, MP, the newh appointed Secretary of Sttto for the Colunu«, urging the final abindonmont i f the policy of tiansportation to Australia It vas also thought de-irable that an address to the eltcioial diatricta of Victoria should be pul Habed prior to the general election, suggestiufc that the severul caudidatea should be called upon to pledge thembelves to aid in procuring the discontinuance of trauapor tation The simultaneous occurrence of several cases of robbery with violence in the usually peaceful streets of Melbourne, is so marked as to challenge our notice As a general rule perhaps, there is no city in the world where life and property are safer than in Melbourne. It is very seldom indeed that we hear of any of those outrages which are so common in London being perpetrated amongst us ; and for the last eight or ten years at least there has been no occasion for any citizen of Mel bourne to provide himself with any other means of protection than that which is ren dered by the appointed guardians of the peace. But we shall soon cease to be able to boast of our immunity in this respect if our news of the day continues to give us many such stories as that of a late audacious bur- glary in Flinders street. Here we have a case perhaps unprecedented in our local annals for the deliberation with which it must have been planned, and the boldness with which it was executed. At half past eight in the evening, three persons armed with pistols enter the shop of Mr Bergin, in Flinders street and threaten to blow out the brains of the assistant if he makes any noise. They compel him to open the safe and help themselves to what it con- tains. They then tie the assistant and the shop boy together with a cord, and, for greater secunty, clap on the head of the one a flour bag, and on the other's a sheet. Having effectually provided against disturb ance, the robbers proceed to avail themselves of the full advantage of the situation. They tear up a block of tobacco, and, Havering filled their pipes, turn their attention to the till, which fortunately happened to be empty. They then release the assistant, and obtain the use of his superior knowledge of the pre mises but they do not succeed in finding any more cash Ultimately, in disgust at meet ing with nothing more valuable to steal than a book full of deposit receipts and ac ceptaces, the gentlemen in the masks evacuate their position-leaving their two victims still bound together by a cord. One or two other cases of a more com- monplace character have within the last day or two been recorded in our columns, in which pcrsons have been knocked down and robbed in the streets of Melbourne, at various hours of the night-in every instance the robbers escaping undetected. The frequency of such outrages indicates the existence of some cause other than usual for their occurrence. The long winter nights may have something to do with it but there is no reason why burglary should be more in favour this winter than in any other. It cannot be said that there is any unusual amount of distress among the population, nor are we aware that the police has, by reductions or otherwise, been made less efficient than heretofore Such a crime as the one perpetrated in Flinders street, be trays a cool premeditation which could hardly have belonged to mere novices in the school ot Mr Sykes. But this was nothing to what occurred but a few days later, to wit, on the 14th, when an outrage of a character which, for desperate audacity is unprecedented in the history of the colony, was committed at the Colling- wood branch of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, at the corner of Gertrude and George streets. At a quarter past ten in the morning, the place was entered by three ruffians, two of whom immeniately became engaged in separate struggles with the bank manager and the ledger-keeper - the only persons present at the time. A shot was fired by each of the assailants, in the one case evidently with the most deliberate intention to shoot the ledger- keeper through the head. After some struggling one succeeded in making his escape, with the fellow who had stood guarding the door. The other one who was engaged in a most desperate struggle with the bank manager, in which he had endea- voured to rid himself of his captor, first with a pistol shot, and afterwards with a dagger, was at length with some difficulty secured. He was then locked up, first at Fitzroy watchhouse, and subsequently, for greater security, at the lockup in Swanston-street. He gives the name of Samuel Woods. In the afternoon another man, giving the name of Levi Walker, was arrested on suspicion of being one of the men con- cerned in the outrage, but was subsequently discharged. It appears that the gang was composed of four men, one of whom re- mained on watch in the street and it is confidently believed by the police that it was the same band who committed outrages in Carlton and the one before referred to in Flinders-street. A small sum of money (some £3 or £4) was taken from the counter by the man who engaged in the fight with the ledger-keeper. The fellow who was captured on the spot was considered by the bank offi- cials to be the leader of the party, and his arrest is a subject for great public satisfaction. The gallant resistance and successful capture made by the bank officials, viz., Mr. John Dowling, the manager; Mr. Grut, the ledger- keeper; with Mr. Thomas Dowling, brother of the manager, who hurried to the spot and assisted in the contest, are highly creditable to those gentlemen , and the public, no less than the bank proprietors, are under obliga- tions to them for the result of the courageous conduct which they displayed. Four men are now in custody charged with this most audacious outrage, and it is very important to note some of the particulars which the police have ascertained with re- spect to the past career of Woods and Carver - two of the men now committed for trial - for the illustration which they afford of the dependence of crime in Victoria upon English transportation to the Australian colonies. Woods was sent out to Van Diemen's Land under a sen- tence of fifteen years, which he had re- ceived under the name of Young. In ad- dition to this, or possibly during the pro- gress of his term, he has served a sentence of seven years at Norfolk Island. It was here that he enjoyed the advantage of cultivating the acquaintance of Barrett, who was executed some months ago for the murder of the wife of a farmer named Beckinsale, and who was, at that time, the convict constable over a gang in which Woods was working. A descrip- tion in the Police Gazette of a man who had given the name of Abraham Salmonie, and whose apprehension was desired on a charge of forgery, very accurately depicts the height, build, dark Italian complexion, and somewhat Jewish cast of face of Woods. It appears from the Gazette that this man, Sal- monie, uttered to one Thomas Lynn, in Mel- bourne, on the 22nd of February last (just about the supposed time of Woods's arrival here), a forged promissory note, purporting to be signed by Peter Sitman. The com- plainant in this case has been confronted with Woods, whom he at once recog- nized as the man by whom the note was uttered. Woods, in fact, did not care to deny it, but merely observed that they could do what they liked with him now. Carver arrived in Van Diemen's Land in the ship Henriette, in 1843, under a seven years' sentence. On the 2nd of September, 1853, he was sentenced at Castlemaine to eight years on the roads for horse stealing, then giving the name of William Foster. He must have managed, before the expiration of his term, to obtain a remission of sentence by a ticket- of-leave, for he was brought up at Ballarat, on the 12th February, 1861, under the name of William Thornby, and then, being convicted of an unnatural offence, received a sentence of two years. Further, Woods and Carver have been identified as the two fellows who knocked down and robbed Upperton Barfoot, at one o'clock one night, about a month ago, near the Wood- market, at the upper end of Elizabeth-street. The closing scene of the trial of the bush- ranger Gardner in Sydney deserves the careful attention of those who profess to disbelieve in the extent and depth of the pollution caused by the convict system in these colonies. We wish we could have had Mr. R. D. Mangles, and some of his brother philanthropists, on the spot, so that they might discover for them selves some of the reasons why the Aus- tralians fear even the most distant contact with the felonry of England. The exhibition was in overy respect a most strikiug and re- markable one. There was placed at the dock one of the most determined scoundrels in all Australasia, to be tried for the crlme of murder. The charge against him was of the clearest sort, and was sustained by the strongest evidenc.. It was proved beyond all doubt that Gardiner fired the pistol shot which wounded Constable Middleton. There cannot be any doubt that Girdincr meant to kill Middleton, or that such an attempt was, according to all law, as much murder as though it had succeeded. The particular charge-one of a great many-was therefore fully sustained against Gardiner. The jury, however, was a New South Wales juiy. Possibly, one or two members of it had themselves owed their existence to some flaw or leniency on the part of the law, which had substituted transportation for the capital punishment ; at any rate, it is extremely pro- bable that they derived their descent from some among the original Pilgrim Fathers of Botany Buy, in whose eyes highway robbery would be reckoned only a sort of patent of distinction. They might have a duty to theo law, but they could not forget altogether the bonds of kin und their filial obliga- tions. They were a New South Wales jury, and so they acquitted Gardiner. Bushranging, in the first style of New South Wales brigandism, is fast approaching our northern border. Here is an illustration from a private letter we received yesterday, giving some details of the exploits of the bushranger Morgan, in attacking the Round- hill station. The letter is dated from Albury, on the 21st inst., and says :-" Our township is in a state of great excitement this morning. Mr. Heriot's son is shot in the leg. He one of four thus distinguished by Morgan's mark.' The case seems to be this:-On Sun- day Morgan made his appearance at the Round-hill, heavily armed, and with two rufinins attending him. Somewhere about twelve or fifteen men were ' yarning' in one of the outhouses. Morgan compelled them to go into a shed, and then forced them to drink gin out of a tumbler. He bestowed about six bottles of this cordial upon them, and then shot at them at random. Seeing young Heriot sitting on the floor, he ordered him to get up, and would not believe the poor fellow's leg was broken till he saw him at- tempt to stand up ; he then carried him to some place where there was a bed, threw him upon it, cut off his boot, and sat and watched him for about two hours. Heriot entreated him to go for Dr. Stitt (on the neighbouring run). After a time he complied, but seamed to relent, for the next thing that transpirad was a man was shot, the ball passing through his back. Our valiant police (of course) mudo their appearance at so critical u juncture just in time to be too late. There is great commotion in town, and talk of a body of volunteers going out to hunt Morgan down. Nico placo New South Wales, is it not?-a fillow enjojs such splendid freedom. Mr. Watson, of the Round-hill, superintendent, is one also who was shot, in the hand." ACCLIMATISATION. There has been a good deal doing in tho way of acclimatisation generally during tho past month; but, naturally, the greatest share of attention haB been given to the further progress made in tho experiment which thoro is every reason to believe will end in the accli- matisation of the salmon, the "riverking" of the old country. So far, an almost un- hoped-for amount of success has been achieved. In Tasmania thb experiment appears to be beyond the reach of failure while here everything has gone woll up to the present time. The whole of the re- maining ova havo reached the secondary or parr stage, and there are now. between 200 and 300 of the young fish swimming about in their temporary homes. As regards the neighbouring colony, tho destination of the salmon alter their removal from the breeding ponds has, of courbe, been fixed upon. The Derwent will receive them, and there npp.urs to be no reason to doubt that once thore all fear as to the final result of the experiment may be dismissed. But the question as to what river shall have the honour of re- ceiving the Victorian parr is not so easily settled. Wo have no Derwent here, aud there is great difficulty in deciding as to which of our niunj; rivers is likely to be most nearly akin to the salmon rivers of Great Britain. It is generally sup- posed that wu must look to Gipps Laud for a home for our young parr ; aud some valuable information has been given to the Acclimati- sation Society by Mr. P. Ferguson, nf Seaton, Gipps Land, respecting the Mitchell and Mac- alister riverd. That gentleman regards these livers as admirably adapted for the purpose ; and some further particulars in reference to the gmyliug, which frequents the Gipps Land rivers, appear to dispose of the doubt as to whether the salmon would fiud sufficient food in these waters. The opinion expressed by Mr. Ferguson bas been borne out by the testimony of Mr. Wilkinson, of Hawthorn, who has surveyed a large part of Gipps Land, and who has promised to givo to the Acclimatisation Society a rough copy of his survey of tbo Mitchell, with the fords and shallows aud places .uitable for spawning- beds marked. At ihe monthly conversazione of tho society, held on Wednesday evening lost, how- ever, a doubt was raised as to the advisability of sending the pair to any of the rivers of Gipps Land. A paper ou tho subject was read, by Mr. J. Steavenson, and the conclu- sions at which he arrives are briefly these : " The rivers which had been recommended weie those of Gippj Land, but ho had some objections to olier to tbo recommenda- tions. While admitting that those rivers rose in snowy districts, it should be remem- bered that they had a long way to run ; not one had a course of less than probably 160 miles, and a great deal of this com su was through open country, and therefore muoa exposed to the sun. He had bathed in the Mitchell in January, and found it as warm as the Yarra at tbe same season. Moro.ver, these rivers run into the Gipps Land lakes, winch were often stopped up tor months to gtther in the dry portiou of the year. He conbidered that tho River Gellibrand would be the most suitable river for the purpose. This river had a course of about sixty or eighty miles; it seemed to follow a great valley, between two high ranges ; it ron through the Cape Otway district, which was one of the wildest and most inaccessible parts of the co- lony ; and It was so thickly shaded with timber tbat it was impossible in places for the sun to reach tho water at all. He was infotmed tbat the liver was fresh to its very mouth, that the mouth was a degree further south than any of the Gipps Lund lakee, and that the fresh- water herring-a cougener of the salmon-there throve so well that it became a three-quarters of a pound fish." Mr. Stea- venson concluded his observations by laying upon tho table a chart of the locality, pre- pared hy Mr. Short, whorecently explored the Cape Otway country, and who is now with Mr. M'Milluu's expedition in Gipps Lind. That there is force in the arguments of Mr. Steavenson there can be no doubt ; aud they aie ut least worthy of seriouB attention. Tho point under consideration is one of great im- portance. The parr in their tank here are too few in number to be scattered over many rivers ; and it i. absolutely necessary that a de- cision should be arrived at us to the most suit- able river within a very short time. As thepre sident of the Boeiety (Mr. Wilson) obiarved ou Wednesday evening, the parr are safe for tho next two months; but the young tish will rapidly gain size and strength, and they can not, therefore, long be confined within their presi-nt, mu row limits. Doubtless, tho sub- ject will receivo the earnest attention of the Eociety, aa well as of others inteiested in the work, and a fuither and more elaborate com- parison between the Gellibrand and the Gipps Land rivers may lead to a apeedy and satin factory determination. In addition to the discuadon at the conver- sazione a» to tho future home of the salmon, an interestingpaper on" The Game-birdsof India" was read by Mr. H. E. Watts. That gentle- man firat dwelt upon the value of birds of the galliuaceoua order, their fitness for the colony, and the ease with which they could be accli- matised, and then went on to mention such of the game-birds of India as he bslleved would bo most suitable to this country, either OB objecta of sport, for their qualitioa as food, or as ornaments of the bush. He commenced with the florikln-a small and elegant species of bustard, iuhabitiug the plaina at tho base oftheHimaluyas, which, though shy, and perhaps difficult to catch, was worth all the attention which the Accli- matisation Society could bestow upon it. It would thrive in the same region with the native bustard, or wild turkey. Of partridges there were inindia somo half- dozen difforent varieties, all of which were moro or less de- sirable for Victoria. Among tho birda not strictly belonging to the genus Perdrix, but which were vulgarly classed as partridges, were the painted spur fowl of the Indian ghauts, the Kokutree, and the snow par- tridge of tho Himalajas-the last being five times tbo 6ize of the common English bird, and of most exquisite flavour. Of quails there were in India several varieties, but none better than could be found hero. Of the rarer birds partaking of the partridge and quail character, the Thibetian sand grouse and the Band pnriridse of Nepaul might be introduced with advantage. The blood coloured francolín of tho Nepaul hills and the Afighan bustard were spoken of favour- ably ; and Mr. WuttB said the rock pigeon, which was a kind of partridge, very common in the dry sandy districts of India, waa ad- mirably adapted for the warmer parts of the colony. Coming to the phoasant tribe, mention waa made of the Himalayan pheasant, in all its varieties, as worthy of the society's immediate attention. The most gorgeous member of tho family was the famous nioual-a bird of beautiful plumage, ne large an a tai key, with moat tender and delicate flesh, and easily domesticated. In the discuaaion which followed, the great quea tion of whether aome of thoio birds could find a plentiful supply of proper kinds of food in Australian wooda or fielda waa touched upon ; but the information which Mr. Watts and other gentlemen were able to give, appears to settle that point satisfactorily. THE GOLD FIELDS. All fear of the departure of any more of our miners for New Zealand is at an end for the present, so unfavourable have been the accounts lately received from there, and we have just now plenty of occupation for them at home. Several new spots of ground have been opened lately at Majorca, Inglewood, Dunolly, Cathcart, and other places, quite a new lead having also been found at Hol- combe, in the Castlemaine district. At some of the places named, the population is already large, and there is still much prospecting-the sum of money voted by Parliament affording a strong inducement, in addition to the ordinary advantages to be gained by the diacoverera of new ground. The time of year is unfavour- able for a closo examination of the mount-tin country which has been lately oiwned up, to a great extent, by the clearing and marking out of roads and tracks through it ; but theae cold uninviting regions havo now their own quota of hardy, seasoned inhabitants, with a due proportion of packers and hoisea, all ap- parently capable of enduring any amount of cold and wet: so tho work of discovery will still proceed, though not so rapidly as we may expect it to do next summer. The experlouca of the last few weeks has, however, proved once again that there aro plenty of good patches, and even of leads, well worth looking for, in the neighbourhood of the older diggings. Mount Greenock, in parti- cular, afi'urda an instance of tha difficulty of. ascertaining the nature and extent of deposits . long known to exist, even in localities cen- trally situated, and, therefore, likely to be visited by men acquainted with the pecu- liarities of the different formations on the several gold-fields, and where the sinking ia not unusually deep or hard. Six or aeveu yenra ago thero was a rush to this hill, as an exceedingly likely-looking place ; but it was quickly abandoned again by all but one or two parties, who worked their claims fur enough to show that gold wua there in pay- ing quantity, yet with little or no profit to thsmselvea. Great thinga havealwuya bsen expected from the mount, but without any more than tho most fitful- efforts for the realisation of these hopes until a few months tin ce. when one company of working mon afror another began to takeupclalms; audnow the whole of the mount is like an ant-hill, with shuftaand tunnelspiorcing it on every aide, and hundreds of miners are profitably employed on the leads of gold which run right tbrough it. In some respects the formation difiera from that of any spot previoii8iy worked, and this mount is most decidodly adding to our previous knowledge of tho many phÀsea and outward Indications under which rich de- posits of gold are to be found. Amongat the many new reefs lately opened, the richest and most important ia the Pioneer Reef, at the Crooked River, on the Gipps Land side of the ranges, where several minero have been at work for some years past, without the least suspicion of the existence of anything so important in their vicinity. It Is but a low woeks since thia reef was found by one party of the men engaged in clearing trucks across the mountains, and its course haa lieen already traced out a loug way, some of the stone raiaed being, it ia said, fully na rich as any from the famed Wood's Point reef«, on the other side. The specula- tion which existed in regard to these reefs for a while Is at an end for tho pra Bent; but shares in any claims known to be good are readily saleable still at high prices, and there la no longer the delay thero uaed to bo in procuring ma- chinery. The yield from the older reela gene- rally ia well maintained, if the number of exceptionally large returns is not as grout »s it used to be. The Pyrenees reefa have not often been distinguished in this way duriag the last year, but a lot of eleven tona from one of theae lately produced aixty ounces. Many of the best claims on tho Inglewood reefs have been worked down to the water level, thia being the reason why they are now so seldom heard of; and we have often had before to notico the extraordinary delay which takes place in providing pumping muchinery under such circumstances. As an addition to the inauy proofs already affoided that thia is not on account of any danger of the yield failing below this line, wo may refer to Tarnagulla, not far away, where a late crashing of 200 tons of stone from a claim on Poveity Rief gave an average of nearly six ounces to the ton ; this atone having been raised from a depth of 355ft., and tho yield being the largest yet obtained from thia clalire. though not from the Tecf, which haa HO often been epecially mentioned for the production of monster cakes of gold. Some of the Bhafts on this reef are now down more than 400 feet, and so far the stono la found to im- prove in, value as the depth of sinking in- creases. Some of the claims in the Tarren- gower district are still yielding largely, and the last rich lode struck in one of theae, only at the depth of 120 feet, however, has averaged six ounces and three-quarters to the ton. A new vein of very rich Btoue has also been cut lately in tho Confidence Comoany's claim, on the. WiudmiU-hill, in the Bendigo district, five tona from it yielding uo leas than 288oz. 17dwt. None of the Ballarat companies havo declared very large dividends lately, tho Koh-i-noor Company having paid the Urgent \- £45 per sliare for one fortnight, and £21 per share for tho other; tho gold waahed out during the first fortnight haviiig, however, been sufficient to havo allowed of a dividend of £120 per share but for tho liabilities to ba ch-ared off. The Great Exteuded paid £18 aud £10 per shale, and the Cosmopolitan £18 and £10per share for the reapective periods; und tho Nelson Compiny £33 per share for one fort- night. The Bund of Hope .Company broko into the gutter in their claim a few days fince, and found it to be BO rich tb*t large dividends ara looked for, and shares at onco jumped np to a high price. The neighbour- hood of Moliagul haa produced the largest nugget found lately, weighing, when freed from dirt, 12Goz. 19dwt; aud a couplo of weekB beforo one of 60oz. waa fouud near the same place. A nugget weighing seven pounds is also Baúl to have been found near Kingower, and another of aixty ounc-M at Redwood. A commencement has been made in the M'lvor district of ameltiug antimony under aínew proceas patented here, by adopt- ing which, so pimple ia it, two men can tura out about thirty tons of tho metal in a week. The oro abounds ia the district named, and tho process ÍB said to be BO economical that the metal can be shipped for England, in largo quantities, at a very low rate. AGRICULTURE. The weather has been hitherto exceedingly favourable for seeding operations, and the plough-teams have been kept at full work in most of the agricultural districts. In a few the extent of land sown with wheat will be small, owing to the high price of seed and the little chance of a good orop from land which has already been sown with grain much too often. From the occupiers of such lands we have accounts of blight destroying the young plant thus early, of grubs innumera- ble in the ground, and of woodlice so thick that they actually cover the surface of the newly turned furrow-slice ; but no complaints of this sort are made by the holders of land as yet unexhausted by the too common colonial system of sowing grain year after year, as long as the soil yields a crop worth gathering. Wo know not exactly why such should be the case, but the fact is plain that noxious Insects of all kinds abound much more in exhausted than in fertiloland. and that with better farming these in a great degice disappear. There can bo no doubt that the next annual returns will show a serious falling off in the extout of land undor wht at, if not in the total extent under culti- vation, but oven this is bettor than suoh. a foiling off its wo have lately had ia the average yield from a greater acre- age. Had the long-tilled louds been more fairly treated, there would havo beoa no such thing, even in one district, as an average yield somewhat lew than the amount of wheat usually sown to the acre. The young wheat crop for this year is generally most promieing us yet, and after such au undue proportion of had seasons, the furmera huvo a right to calculate on at least one good one ; but it is impossible t > form oven a v.iguo c-etimato as to bow ptioen will rule at next harvest time. None but tho wildest specu- lator could have supposed that breadstuff, would hove maintained their present prlco heie so long, with a surplus iu California greater than is required to make up our deficiencies. At the date of our lost ad- vices, wheat and fluur were selling there at prices which would allow of their being landed at little over half what can ba obtained hoie, yet the quantities coming for- ward havo been veiy .mall, one ship ata. time arriving now und again. But this stato of things cannot lu»t, aud before the Becoud half ot the current year is over, doubtless Bupplies will be pouting in faut enough to bring down prices to something near the ave ruge of lute years at burveot time. Lato ex- periences are convincing the farmers moro and more, of the nece-sit. for their not being altogether dependent on tillage; but there ÍB much risk in keeping cattle, with so much disease about, und butter and cheese are bl coming BO plentiful aud cheap that little profit m to be expected lrora a dairy. Laige farmers, with good fences to their fields, can of course, huvo sheep, but the expenso and trouble of keeping a small flock, in proportion tu tho icturn, is so grout as to be prohibitory to the small farmer ; and the que-tkm now is, how the grass of the com- mons not required for cattle may b. turned to account in feeding the sheep of men who can only become possessors of a few acore each. To meet this difficulty, a sheep-grazing com- pany has been proii.b.d in one district, tha shareholders to be farmers, having a light to grasB for cattle on too commons, and will- ing to substitute for tlio cattle a duo pioportion of sheep ; but tho character anti duties of the pro_>QM.d society are of so complicated a nunn, that it will scirc.ly come into operation, unless in a much modi- fied form, ¡still there is 110 reason why the present econcmic management of cattle on the farmers commons should not be extended to sheep ; and this proposal is doubtle_s only the forerunner of otlieis of a more practici! nature. The further hpre.td of scab »mongit the settlers' flocks ought to hi effectua.ly etayed, now that there is a full stuff of In Fpectors, with a now and sufficiently strin- gent act to administer, hut this is not the time of year in which much eau be done to eradicate the disease, as no owner will dip his sheep in cold ¡weather and with K> much wool on them, un l.FB actually compelled to do Bl. No inter- colonial show of merlnoes is to bo hold this year, OB it has been thought that the change, of one year would not be sufficient to afford the requisite amount of interest to au event of such importance. The diffeieut societies are now revising their priz i lists, and some of the spting abowB of stock huvo been an- nounced to take place in August and Septem- ber. THE WAR IN NEW ZEALAND. The lost mail for England left the Now Zealand war in this position. The Gate Pa nt Taurnnga, to which the Maories had fled from Orakuu, had been stormed, and the (¡tormera repulsed with the lo.s of Captain Hay, of the Harrier ; Captain Hamilton, of. the Esk ; and other officers and men who could ill bo spared. The repulse proved in the end to be a desperate attompt at retreat through the breach to Wairoa, wheie the rebels had a pa whose position was deemed, almost impregnable. The following news xeached us during the past month :-On the 6th May Genoral Cameron and Commodore Sir William Wiseman, with the Naval Bri- gade, the 08th Regiment, and the Colonial Defence Corps, left the camp to attack the Wairoa Pa. On reaching it, they found the village and pa deserted, und the troops then destroyed both and returned to camp. A reconnoissance failed to discovor where the enemy hud gone, and it waa doubtful whothor they liad retired to tha Retoma Ranges or Tipuhu, fourteen miles away, the pa thura beiDg reputed tbe strongest in New Zealand. The samo mail informed us that Governor Grey was vibiting the east coa*t, und that Commander Phillirnore, of the Curacoa, had been appointed commander of the Esk. New up to the 10th, still left the position of tho Mnorics unknown. The Governor was at Tauranga, and a. military telegraph from Ngaruawahla to T.iuian^a was projected. Advices from Taianiiki stated that the out- lying setthrs had been compelled by the Maories to abandon their stations aud cattle, and take refuge In the town. The latter were erecting a pa at Tupurapura, whore they awaited reinforcements from Waikato b'fora attacking the town by land and water. The town wus. consequently, greatly excited, and tho inhabitants under arms night and day. It was also as.erted that poor Oiptaia Lloyd'j head was still displayed to influence the wavering and friendly tribes to join the Tebels. The very day after this newswas publii-hed, further intelligence was received, trom which we learnt that th. Governor and Commodore Wiseman h¿d returned to Auck- land. General Cameron had returned from his reeonnoisBance a'ter discovoring the Maories at Tepuha busily fortifying their position. Consequently the troops hourly expected orders to march thither, when tho general suddenly left for Auckland, ordodng the 43rd Regiment and the Aitilleiy to follow. The Bupposed cause of this movement was an outbreak at Wanganui. The 68th Rt-giment were left at Tauraug-i for tho winter. The Waikato district weie reported quiet, aud one Waikato regiment was »bout obtaining land allotments near Tauranga. In reply to a Maori deputation anxious to know what terms of peace would b. accepted, the General briefly replied. "Submission to the Queens authority." Our latest Information of tlio progress of the war was received only a few days since, and more than a f/rtnight after the date of previous advices. No frewh mili- tary movements had taken place, but tho Maories were hourly expected to attack Wata Wata. The garrison, howevnr, were deemed strong enough for successful résistance. A fieBh reconnoltriug party liad started from Tauranga, to discover tho Maori position. The Government had bought the entire of William Nuylor'g tribe's claim to the country between the Waipa arid the Horatui. Finally, it was atserted by one in a position favour- able to good judgement, that the efforts of the Ministry to prosecute the war with vigour had been opposed and thwarted by Governor Grey. Things, he added, were drawing to a head, and th« Governor would havo to give way, or the Ministry would rest .n. An episode of the war cannot be omitted from our narrutlon. It happened ia this wits. The Aucklund New Zealander had, In an article publibbed on June 1, referring to the death of Captain Hamilwu, of the Esk, stated :-" It is feared that this brave officer was cruelly deserted by lils men, who woro seized with a panic, and fled bick to our posi- tion, after being gallantly 1-d as the forlorn hope to the attack. It is true it was a criticu moment, but if the men had displayed half the courage aud daring of their officers, a very different result would havo to b3 chronicled respecting this unfortunate encounter." This offended the seamen of the Esk, who, In numbera sixty strong, came down to the office, and commenced proceedings which por- tended pulling the building-a wooden one down. On» of these m»-n ciied out, " We have the authority of our officera for what we are doing." Magistrates interfered to prevent violence, the police were collod, and Com- modore Sir William Wiseman nppealed to, but In vain. _ The police were nuable to cope with the rioters, und the commodore corroborated the assertion, that the officera connived at the riot by not Interfering. Temporizing waa resorted to, and on the pro- mise that un extraordinary edition should issue retracting the previous statement, the Bramen retired. Tho extraordinary edition came out with a ridiculous denial of the charge cgainst the Naval Bl igade, and attributing the panic which cmii-ed the sudden retreat to a mistake of the 08th Ke-giraeut. This, it wag elso mentioned, was the substance of the statement mude by tho rioting eeamen, and it was signed "John P. Beckett, Quarter niaater." DISASTERS AND CRIME IN NEW SOUTH WALES. During the past two or three weeks, the electric telegraph has brought us almost daily «cconnts of disiiBtrous storms and floods in the neighbouring colony of New South Walea, and of deapeiate robb.ries committed by gangB of armed bushrangers. [For several days in succession heavy ruins have fallen in i,he greater portion of the iaterior of the colony, which have cnuaod the rivers to over- flow their banks, aubmeiged large tracts of country, destroyed cattle, sheep, crops, and other valuable property, and stopped the tiaffic on eome of the roads- and rail- ways. Many places are still cut off from eil communication with Sydney. Un- fortunately, several human livea have alao lieen lost. The floods uro the most extensive ever known in tbo recollection of cither the colonista or the aborigines. Some oí tho settlura were only beginning to recover from rhe efl'ectB of the flooda which occurred ojiew montha ago, and thia aecond viaitation will, therefore, be the more seriouBiy felt. A torrent of water inundated tim Minmi Colliery, and did considarublo damage. Had the catastrophe occurred four ' boura later, when there would havu buen between 300 and 400 men and boya at work, an awful sacrifice of human life would have enaued. In some dis- tricts, the rain haa been accompanied with violent stormsofwind, whichkavo blown down houses and other buildings on the land, and wrought great mischie-f among tho vessels en- gagea in the coasting and intercolonial trade. In fact, there baa been a aerio8 of the moat feaiful galea ever remembered in this part of ihe world. Several wrecks have taken place, and in some instances portions of the crews have been drowned, but happily tbe loas of life has not been very great. The repetition ol a number of violent out- rages and robberies while Gardiner, the bush laiiginghero, Is stiU awaiting trial for hia crimes, is sufficient to alarm all the popula- tion in the country districts. Gardiner waa tried on a charge of shooting a policeman, and, though there could hu no reasonable doubt of bia guilt, he was acquitted. The an- nouncement of the verdict waa received with yells of delight by the spectatora in court. 'The piiaoner has been remanded on . other charges ; but Buch ia the sympathy felt for the bushranger amongst a certain] class of the population, and the fear of otbera, that it ia doubtful whether any conviction will be ob iuintd. In the meanwhile, wo ure Btartled with the intelligence of fiesh crimea, com- mitted with all the audacity and daring which have obtained for the exploits of the ¡New South Wales bushrangera a notoriety only Îiuralltled by thote of Dick Turpin and Claud )uval. One day we bear that the Mudgee mail has been "stuck-up," aud another day that both the up and down maila between Bathurst and Guyong have been robbed, and oil the pasaengeia deprived of their money and valuables. Thet?e deoda by no means exhaust tho catalogue of crimes, Accounts have also come to hand of several further robberies. Amongst othera, the bushrangers attacked a publichouae, lu which were about twenty persons, and robbsd it inBpite of all itsistance. They have alao stopped and robbed several travellers in various parta of the country, and attacked two or three sta- tions. According to tho orthodox faBhion of bushrangers, they ride about the country on splendid horse«, and armed to the teeth. They fear no danger, and hitherto the police have been quite powerless to check them. In some of their aguresBions, they have come into contact with the police, and shots have been fired on both aides, but the robbera have invariably escaped, and commenced fresh depredations in some other part of the countty. There are, at least, two or threo determined gangs of bushrangera at work just now. Johnny Gilbert, Gardiner's ¡favourite lieutenaut, sharos the leadership of one of the gangs with another ruffian named Ben Hall. A correspondent of one of the New South Wales journals, who had a friend who bud mot Hall, gives the following account of that notorious character and hia gang :-" Upon my friend making Borne com- plimentary remark as to their effective ap Îoarance, Hall rr plied, 'Yes, they're all there; mt my mate (pointing to the elderly man on guard ahead) is the shot. In each barrel of the thing he a holding is eightrevolver bullets, and bo has christened it ' Bobbiea mixturo ;' and these (touching two of his revolvers) I tall my 'persuaders,' and thia (tapping the large one) the plum." After a hearty laugh, the desperado gave a short aharp whistle, whereupon the two picquetB fell in, and joined what may be termed the main body, aud united they cantered leiaurcly oil' through the bush, and by u fall in the ground were soon bid from eight, leaving upon the mind of my informant a most profound impreaBioa of the large amount of sang-froid and tact possessed by these banditti-so much so, that he is fully convinced that Hall's career of successful dé- prédation will, barring tho chance of a stray bullet, j et be o long one." Morgan, another bushranger, Btuck up tbo Round-hill Station, on the Murray, on Sunday last. Résistance was offered, and Morgan wounded several persons, one of whom has 6lnco died. RAILWAY TRAFFIC. The total of receipts upon the Victorian Railways for last month amounta to £38,207 Sa. 8d., againet £34,744 3a. (id. for the cor- responding month in 1863, showing an in- crease of £3,4G3 5s. 2d. The total for the month ia made up as follows:-on the Mur- ray line, for passengers, £7,442 6a. 9d., and £13,591 0a.8d. for goods ; on the Williamstown line, for passengers, £77G10a.ld., and £774 13s. 3d. for goods; and on tho Ballarat line, £0,477 3s. Od, for passengers, and £9,140 15i. 2d. for goods. On the Melbourne, Hobaon'a Bay, and St. Kilda Railway the receipts for the fourweeka ending May 26 show a total of £0,230 4s. lid. The receipts of the correspond- ing period in last year being £4,880 10s. 3d. ; the returns for the piesent year exhibit an increase for the month of £1,345 14a. 8d. The.re-turns of the Melbourne Railway Bhow a total of receipts for the four weeks ending Mov 25 amounting to £3,254! 8a. 9d., agaiuat £3,159 16s. 2d. for the similar interval ia last year ; thu8 indicating an iuoreaae of trafilo uinouuting to £94 12a. 7d. The8e figures in- dicate that the growth of railway traffic in this colony steadily maintains its rate. THEATRICAL. The Theatre Royal, under Mr. Barry Sulli- van's Bucceseful management, has been doing a very good business during tho last month, the lessee appearing in several of his leading characters,-as Rolla, in " Plzarro," whioh had a very successful run ; Octavian, in " The Mountaineere," which waa played only four nights ; Claude Melnotte, tho Strangor, &a;, each for two nights. MeB8H. PouBsard and Douay have played a short engagement at the Royal, introducing a petite concert each evening. In order to give the greatest variety to tbe entertainments, three nights nave been devoted to opera and farce, the first- named leiDg supported by the talents of the How fon family. A new sensation drama, recently imported from England, called "Miriams Crime," which ia said to have been very suc- cessful in the old country, has also been pro- duced at thia theatre,butMolbourneaudiences, accustomed to the better Bolt of plays pro- duced at the Royal, gave tho novelty a very cold reception, and it waa withdrawn afte-r five nights representation. At the Haymarket, tho opera season, on {dually announced as for six weeks only, has unexpectedly shown aigna of expansion, and twelve additional nights are now advertised, lu dtldirion to favourite operaa well known to the Melbourne public, Mr. Lyster has pro- duced, with some áppioach to completeness, the "Huguenots," and the "Prophète," of Meyerbeer. These have done good service to the treasury, notwithstanding the prices have been advanced on each night of their repre Eentatîon. Mr, Farquharson joined the com- pany on Thursday, and made his rentrée OR Count Almaviva, in " La Nozae di Figaro." This evening be is announced lu tho " Hugue- nots," as Marcel. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean, accompanied by Miss Chapman and Mr. Everett, took theur final departuro from the colony in the City of Melbourne, for Sydney, on Wednesday afternoon. A largo number of ladies and gentlemen hod ossembled on the Railway Pier, for the purpose of saying faruwell to Mr. and Mrs. Kean; and the leave-takiug, as the bteamer left the wharf, was of tile i_io- kindly character. It may bo gratifying to the many friends of Min. Kean to know that she has apparently quite recovered health and strength, after her recent severe indis- position. Lady Don will commence au engagement at the Haymarket Theatre so soon as ¡the operatic t-eason has closed, and that of the general drama commenced. Miss Cleveland and Mr, Vincent have nlso returned to Victoria, after a professional tour in New South Wules. DISASTERS AT SEA. The month baa been one of disaster to shipping. Tho most melancholy wreck has been that of the ship All Serene, of Sydney, which foundered on her voyage from Van- couver's Island, with lumber, to Sydney, with the loss of twenty-one of her crow and pas- sengers. . The All Serene carried a very heavy deck load, and having been caught in a cyclone, becamo unmanageable and went down, those of her crew and passengers who escaped having reached the island of Kan dann in March, after long exposara at sea. At New River Heads (Southland), the barque Star of Victoria, belonging to Laun- ceston, was lost on tbe 27th ult., while being towed to sea. A heavy breeze was blowing, tho tug was unablo to make headway, the warps broke, and the barquo was thrown ashore. At Bluff Haibour, the fine now steamer Scotia lias been totally wrecked. The Scotia, Captain Gay, left Melbourno on the 28th May, and after a fine run of flvo days, arrived off the Bluff Signal Station about nine p.m. on the 2nd iubt-the captain intending to loy-to for the night. Through tho udvice of a passenger, ho altered his mind, and about eleven p.m. steamed into the harbour, hug- ging the bhore very close ; and on ueariug the pilot fetation, at which place the harbour- master had his red light burning brightly, the steamer struck hard on Stirling's Point, settled down, and immediately filled with water close up to the cabin deck. She is lying abreast of the flagstaff, about fifty feet from the shore. Hei crew and passengers were saved, and her cargo taken out in a damaged state. The Chariot of Fame, on her voyago from Auckland to Galle, picked up tho survivors of the crew of the American ship Sam Dun- ning, floating on a piece of the deck. The sbip was homeward bound from Ceylon, with a full cargo, and had foundered in a squall. The names of the Burvlvors are us follow :-Alfred S. Dunning, third mate, Maine, U.S.; James Baine, A.B., Boston, U.S. ; W. JoneB, A.B., Dublin ; Geo. Sey- mour, A.B., Liverpool; Geo. Simpson, A.B., London; Douglas Burns, A.B., Drogheda. Two of the four men on the missing raft are known to be Mr. Charles Hunt, second mate, Maine, U.S.: Richard Wheeler, AB., We3t Point, New York. The names of the other officers and crew, as far as tho men could re- collect, are OB follows, viz :-Mr. Lemont!, chief officer ; W. Scholfield, boatswain, Maine, U.S.; Joseph Burrows, A.B., Brighton in Eng- land; Thomas Baines. A.B., Liverpool; Alex. M'K.nide, A.B., Poplar, London: Hanson Anson, A.B., Rotterdam ; Thomas Davenport, A.B.; William White, A.B., Glasgow; Louis Grt-mo, A.B., Brazil; W. Boyce, A.B., Drog- heda; John Hill, A.B, West of England; Geo. Louis, A.B., Havre; John Brett, A.B., London; Thomas Shields, cabin boy, Swan- sea; Albert Sweeny, cook, North Carolina, U.S.; seven men, names unknown." COMMERCIAL. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's slcamship Northam, with the mails for England, sails to-morrow. The Bombay reached Hohson's Bay early on the morning of the 12th iuBt., the usual telegraphic summary |of tho news by way of Adelaide having been rccolved on the Oth inst. The Bombay was detained by heavy weather betwten King George's Souud and Mel- bourne. The advices by the mail had little effect upon the market. The shipments of malt and candles woro far in excess of the require- ments of the merchants, and the value of both articles foil to some extent. The pros- pect of war in Europe, however-which the latest telegrams seemed to point to as imminent-and tho possibility of Russia being engaged In the Btrugglo, after- words gave moro firmness to the tone of the market us regards candles. Business throughout tbo mouth has been excessively dull. The yield of gold has continued bteady, arid a fair and souud country trade has been done ; but the amount of business with the New Zealand colonies has beeu comparatively small. Arrivals of cargoes of breadstutis thero from San Francisco, havo for the present supplied the market, and the cessation of the war for the winter has lessened the amount of business transacted. An effort was made to conduct a direct steam trade between Melbourno and Auckland, but tho Souchaya bas since been withdrawn from tho line, mainly because of insufficient whorf accom- modation at Auclslaud. The Intercolonial Royal Mail Steurn Company, howovcr, have sent round their Bteamship Claudo Hamilton to ply between Melbourne and Auckland, and she is now on her first voyage. Contracts havo been made by the New Zea- land Government for the conveyance, by this vessel, of the wives and families of Victorian volunteers at Taranaki. The new rush to the Pelorus rivor bas given some excitement to the piovinco of Marlborough, but the rush did not extond to this colony, and, so far, has had no perceptible effect on the trade of the port. At Dnnedin-from whence the diggers rushed in great numbers to the Pe- lorus Rivet-biiBin.BS has been very dull. The accounts received by tho mail on Thursday evening were not particularly good. The financial embarrassments of the New Zealand Government weie likely to lead to unpleasant results, and the effect, in the meantime, is to restrict tiade considerably. The emptiness of the exchequer of tho Southland Government haB led to the suspension of the rail- way works between Invercargill and the Bluff, but it has not {otherwise, during the month, led to any positive disaster. Trade, however, continues excessively dull in that province, in the absence of money. The wreck of the fine new Clyde-built steam- ship Scotia, belonging to the Otago Steam- ship Company, which occurred oft the Bluff as she was runnlug in for that harbour on her voyago from Melbourne, haB not assisted to improve matters, She had a fall cargo of goods and flour on board. The vessel was temporarily under the command of Captain Gay, her master-Mr. Newlands-having been left ill in Melbourne. The Scotia was insured in English und Scotch offices, prin- cipally at Glasgow ; and the local insurance offices, and others having offices here, lose about £10,000 on policies ovor her cargo. Sume portion of this loss, howevot, wiU be recovered, as moBt oi the cargo has been got ashore, though in a damaged state. The vessel is a wreck. In the other branches of the intercolonial trade there has been little to call for remark, beyond a large reduction in fares between Melbourne and Sydney, by tbe competition of tho steamships Barwon, You Yangs, and Souohays, with the AuBtralaaian Steam Navigation Company. During tho month the flour market has been excited. Prices hove ruled high, in conse- quence of tho scarcity of breadstufla, and it is probable tbey will maintuin, tor BOUIO time at least, tho height they have attained. _ In tea there has been considerable speculation, and a considerable advance has been esta- blished. The following report has been issued by Messrs. Everard und Co. : "Tho markot during tho month lina Leon very active, and a largo amount of business transacted. A very largo proportion of ihe business has been of a ipeculativo character, and prlcos of low to good con fioufl week hy week lad mi upward tendency, till tho ast fow days, v. lieu our prices attracted all tlio . ¡r plus stock in tlio neighbouring COIOUIUB, and, for u limo, damned tlio market. This stock lias, howovor, been gradually absorbed, and tlio tendency of tho market Is again upwards. Tlio only sale by auction during tho month was on Juno 22.-7,000 packages perJoBslo Beazley, > 1ft Adolaldo, «oro trlod at auc- tion. None sold publicly, but the lot was afterwords sold privately at an average round of Is. 7d. per lb. for very ordinary to 'blackish leaf, ratlier strong.' Compared with tlio previous month, wo lind au ad lanco of 2d. on all low to good coniuon congous, and Id. lo ..d. on other grades up to ' black leaf strong-,' and an advance of Id. to 2d. ou scouted orango pekoes." The quantity taken for export during the i resent year has been 1,137,0131b., as compared with 1,8441081b during the Bama pi rlod of 1863 , and for home consumption 2044,8121b. as compared with 1,735 393lb Some portion of this large increase is due, un- doubtedly, to the detection of the Chimse frauds MeEsra Jamea C Robertson and Co 's report ia as follows - " Tho excitement In our market, to which wo roforrod in oui circular of tim 25th ult, has In no mannor abated, but, on tho coiitrnry, lins continuo 1 with mi diminished activity, üny nitor day adding to tim valuo of teas Very lui go transactions huvo taken placo in nil disiriptioua of congou but principally in thoso of inferior qu-ility up to go d medium black leaf llavoury lill ils rho China neun by tho mall, received hy tele- gram v Id Adelaide, caused ii great deal of cxUtciiiont, and immediately all descriptions of good sound congou, Foo Chow leaf, nndflr Is BJ per pound in bond, wore bought up llav Ing thus taken tho load of our nolgh bourlnc, colonies lu establishing- and a »anting tho Íirlco ol congouH, a lurga quantity Immediately Ii)mid ta via) licio, and Mas at onco absorbed without In any viayairccting- tho mark be rc>>hlppcd, as the neighbouring- markets are now lu a great mensuro dependent on oura for supplies VA itliln tho lost week a dcclacd moi emont In Sydney has taken place, and £30 000 worth of teas are ro poitcd as having changed hands in ano day Immo diately aftor tho despatch of tho last mall, steady spéculât» o business In congous was resumed, and very hiavy parcels chin"cd hinds privately at increased rates A large parcel of very common nilibili!, fx lane, waa placed nt Is ljd , afterwards at Is 21d , and binco repor ed as having been placed at la 4Jd In bond, this tea six months ago would not hale lound a buyer to cover freight, &.c Nearly all ti o Melbourne portion of tho Ano congous, ox IJcron garla, lins found buj ors at from Is 7d to Is Od , in bond A few hundred chests of Oonam congou, ox bamo icsael, previous shipment, woro cold at is 7d, in bond Nearly all tho boxes in tho market havo boon bought up by olio ürm, and held for a consldirablo advance The chests, ox Confucius, havosovcral timos changed hands, and aro now held for Is 8d per lb, in 1 ond Tho common congmiB, oi. Colonsay, all faults, havo chai god hinds sovoral timos at Is Jd tola ljd , and u w held for Is 4d , in bond Largo pvrcols lu che&tsaud; half chests, ex Marla Amelia, Golden Moceo, Ariel Kccpsalio, and Caroline, havo also been placod at full rates A largo portion of common congou, rc ihlppcd from Tasmania fetched Is 5Jd , and up- wards of 7,000 chests and half chests and boxoi, bolng p-irt Adelaide portion of Jcssio Bcazloi, found a buyer at, MO bcllovo, la 7d all round SOO chests, ex /tphj ros, of common congou, fetched la 7d in bond Altogether, tho amount transacted during the last mouth must have outstripped all previous periods as to magnltudo Souchongs i ro not appreciated lu this market, and aro very slow and dull otnalo 1,000 boxes, ox Balder, fetched la 7d , and some chests of very rich full flavour, ox liermgaria, realized Is lid Scented Orango Pekoe is still held principally by ono firm, and Is moving off slowly at full adiincod rates Green i cas have been almoit entirely neglected, little or nothing having bceu sold, and prices oltoj,oth r nominal A v cry small Inquiry exists for the finer dcicnptlons Public Sales -rho only attempt during tho month to sell by auction v.as on tho 22nd, when tho Adelaide portion of tho Jessie Beazley was offered Tho bidding, although good, not coming up to holders views, it was withdrawn. The Snapdragon, with 200 boxes, is the only arrival since our last; she was de- tained several weeks in quarantine. Our imports from Sy dnoj, Adelaide, Tasmania and New Zealand,amount to 14 134 packages Hie délit oríes for the month aro considerably in oxcoss of mino period last year Homo consumption, 38J 8071b , against 180,0701b of last year, oxports, 77,8871b, against 126,8371b oí la9t year The stock in bond in Melbourne is 2,810,7481b , tifciilmt 2,735,5501b of last year Sugars have been improving m rake, the late tales having beon made at an advance of 30a per ton over previous ratea-an advance which has not Batiefled holders, the bulk of the laßt offered cargo having been withdiawn for on advance In rice the feeling l8 im pioving, there having been an abaenco of fhipments, and few véasela being reported as loading in the rice ports. Mining shares have shown an improvement, as tho buaineSB of mining steadily dovelopes, and the charac- ter of our quartz depoaita becomes batter underwood From the silver minea wo hear but little. "Varloua ahipments of colonial silver, however, have been made to the Indian market, and a considerable quantity ia con- sumed by the jewellers The firat Bpecimen of regulus, manufactured at Heathcote, have como to market, and ahipments of antimony continue to be made to London, Since the arrival of theEoglishmallof April, with intelligence that the Bank of England's minimum rate had been advanced to eight per cent jier annum, and that a continental war waB probable, tho rate has been conéi derably firmer, and towards the cloao there baa not been the usual amount of anxiety to draw The rate for the mail may bo quoted half per cent premium for fisty days' sight bank drafts, while tho pur- chasing rate baa been halt percent discount. Ihe Indian Exchange Agency Banka have been Ec-lling at quarter per cent below the othciB In gold, prices have varied from £8 15-", 4Jd per standard ounce for low quality to £3 löä lOJd to £3 16a per ounce tor tough gold, ht for the Indian market Tho following ia a Btateinent of the atocks In bond at the port of Melbourne on the 21at June, 186Í - Brandy, 6 5G5 hbda 71,502 cafces , rum, 873J- hhds 1202 casea ; geneva, 20 hbda, 107,388 red casca, 4,280 green cases ; wbiakcy, 1,092 hhda 30,075 cuaea, gin, sweetened, 92} hhda 12072 caaea ; cordials, 1 088 case*,, spirits of wine, 177 hhda ; other spirit*, 131 hhda 9,135 caaea, wine, 5 094 Mid s. 16,744 caaes, beor, 5,040} hhda 8,628 cje-c-a and casks, tobacco, manufactured, 877 half tierces, 1,071 quarter-tierces and kega, 4 821 three-quarter boxes and boxea i 207} caeeB, do , unmanufactured, 142 hhda. and casks, 6 cases, 2 397 bales and bundles ; cigara, 312 cases, snuff, 64 packages, tea, 13,629 cheeta, 29,683 half cheeta, 25,954 boxes, malt, 5 351 baga , coffee, 707 bags, 87 tlorccB anti casks, 180 barrels, sugar, Mauntlua, 03,739 bags ; other, 171914 baga, 150 coaks and coses, molaasea, 123 bhelB , chicory, 68S packages , opium, prepared. 6 511 lb , do. unprepared, 607 lb , dried fruits, 4,194 packages , hopa, 851 pocket-*, 3 balea, rice, 89,979 bags, colonial apirlta, 1,483 hhda binco the departure of the laat mall for England, the following eales of station pro- perties have been effected -The station In the Murrumbidgee diatrict, NSW, known aa Uranquintry and Oolhngully, with 800 head ol cattle, and 600 ncrcB purchased laud, the property of Mesars F and G. Desailly, to Mr Henry Si. Paul, for tho aum of £10,000, on the usual terms. Mr David Keid's Btation, on the Lachlan Uiver, NSW, Thelangerin, together -with two back blocks and 10,000 Bheep, to Mr. Patk Higgins, for tho aura of £20,000 sterling , terms, half caah, balance at eight and twelvo months, with ten per cent interest added The Kangatong Station, in the Warrnambool district, together with 6,860 acres purohased and 6094 acres leased land, C857 sheep, and 060 cattle, to MeEsra b and M H Baird, for the Bum of £28,000 eterhng, terms, half cash, balance at one and tvro years, with eight per cent interest added, lambs at foot ton horses, ptation toola &c;, given lu Mesare. V and E Camerons Btation, Pine Plaina, and four Mocka-all aituated in the Wim mera district, north of Lake Hindmarsh together with 15800 aheep, cattle, horses and all improvements given in, price £19,000, usual terms, to Mesaia J and A Muirhead lhi Koroit btation sold to Mr. W Swan, for £25600 The Gobbagomlin and 'looyal Sta- tion», on the Murrumbidgee River, with 21000 sheep, for the sum of £24 500, on the uBual tcmiB Mesara Dalinahoy Uiirnpbill and Co. report having sold to Messrs Booth and Hol- loway the Gh naulin Station, m tho Portland Bay district, with 4 000 aheep and a few cattle, for the Bum of £6,600, usual terms the Uruna Station, of 24,040 acree, with 950 head of cattle, for £10,000, forma, half-cash, btlauce at one and two years, at ten per cent in- te reef The following le a statement of the trafilo returna of the Victorian Government lines of railway, of the Melbourne and Hobaou'a Bay Railwny, and of tho Melbourne Company's Uno Gate the Melbourne and Suburbau lino), for the month of May - Pas scngors aotal Government lines Mclbourno and Ilobson'sBay Melbourne Co £ B a 14,675 2 3¡ 2,931 3,25418 01 £ ? d ,20,C03 l8 1] 3,105 3 1 s d. [36,170 0 4 0,030 1 1 8,25418 0 The following is a list of the gold ships which have sailed hence since the 1st of April, with the quantities and the des- tinations stated aeparately . Sailing 1864 April 14 Moy Wonga Wong» Pride of the Ocean CYirkshiro City of Melbourne Vi onga Wonga City of Melbourne Souchays Roxburgh Cutio Marla liosa Alexandra Bombay VVongn Wonga City of Melbourno i i uo Briton V\ onga Wonga Jörgen Brubn Barwon City luuigotira V\ ongn \\\ onga \V ellesley Madras -ouchays Wonga Wonga city of Melbourne Norfolk Vi onga Wonga Alexandra 21 Garrawalt 21 Coorong Sydnoy London London Sydnoy Sydnoy Sydney Sydnoy London Hong' Kong Sydney Point do Gallo Svdnoy Sydney London Sydney Hong Kong Sydney by dnoy Sydnoy Sydney . Iondon l'oint do Galle Sydnoy Sydney . Sydney London . Sydnoy Sydney . London . Adelaide 8,003 3,754 17,053 4,004 SO 5,742 3,009 6,102 6,075 3,405 80,910 3,6(3 4,263 25,777 11,807 3,131 2.J47 11,005 15 0,153 21,734 77,029 3, W3 2,554 2,071 7,825 4,404 23 28,153 EXPORTS From the Port of Melbourno from the 16th May, to tho 18th June, 1864, compared with the corresponding period of 1863. Quantities. Agricultural 1m Dlcmcnt AHmll-Boda, tont Apparel and slop» Amluiuny oi c,touR Arn,s and ammu. nitlon Arrowroot, lb. .. Hag. and sacks .. Ba<_,ioni Beor Bottled, gain. .. Diaught, do. .. Biscuit, tens Black Hand, do. .. Blankets and wool lens Bonus, tons Books Boots and shoes.. Bran, bushell .. Bricks, No. Brushwaro Building materials Butter, tons Candles, do. Canvas Carpeting.. Carriages, carts, 4c. Casks, empty Cement tons Che.Be, do. C1i.ory late-, Ib.. Coir fibre, toni Coffee Confuctloriiy Copper, tons C<»t»perware end brasswar» Cordage, tens . Corks Cottons .. Cutlery .. Drapery .. Drugs Druetrisü.' ware. Earthenwuo . E-jg* .. . Fau ey goods Felt Fish Sated, tons . .'reserved Flour, tons Fruit Dried .. Green, bushols Furniture Glass Bottles .. Plato .. Window Glassware.. Gluo Gold, ounces Grain Beans and peat, bushels Barley, do. " Gram, tons .. Maize, bushols.. Malt, do. Oats, do. Ilice, tons Wheat, bushols Grindery .. Guano, tons Gum Haberdashery . Hair cwt. Hardware and ironmongery . Hats and caps . Hay, tons.. Hides, No. Hollowaro Horns and hoof... Hopp, lb. .. Hosiery .. Instrument. Musical., Scicntlfil Iron, tons Jowollery.. Lead,tons Leather, do, Leatherwars Lime, bushell Live stock- . Catt lo .. Horses, Ko. Sheep, do. Dogs, do. Birds .. Machinery Marblo .. M atehes and vestas Mats and rugí Meal Corn, tons Oat, do.. Motul, yellow, do. Uolos-os .. Nails and screws, tons Nuts Oars Oili, gals. Oilcoth .. Oilmen's stores .. Opium Onion», tous Faints Paintings and en grarhigs Papcrhangings .. Perf umory Photogrnpbio goods Pitch and tar Pipes, tobacco .. Plants and seeds., Plate and plated waio .. Plumbers' ware .. Potatoes, tous .. Preserves Printing materials Provisions Prcsorved Salted, tom Qul-ltsilror liturg, tons Ballway mnteriali Saddlory .. Sag«., lb. .. Salt, tons.. Shlpcluindlerjr Silks Skins Slates, Ko.. Soap, tens Spccio Specimens of na- tural history Spelter, tons SpiccB .. Spirits Brandy Cordials Gin Of wino.. Perfumed Kum .. Whiskey Undos-rlbod Starch and bluo StatiOLery Steel, tons Stoneware Sugar Tallow, lons Tea Tents and ti paulhu).. Timbur .. Tm.. Tlnwuro ,. Tobacco .. Cigiri .. Snuff .. Tobacconists' ware Tools and utensils Toys and turnery Turpentine and varnish, galt. Twino and thread, cwt. Vinegar, gala. "Watches & dooks Wino Woodenwaro Woul.lb... Z mc, tons.. Uudescribod goods 150 11,7.4! 510| 822 E,24-l 270 850 10,415 03 35 157 2,445 8,630 ¿,947 115 8,087 12 113 1,181 «62 6,080 rr 4,823 eoo 51)3 310 C9 152 .»,001 2,907 2.0 108 8,510 8,000 £21,Î07; 1T6 100 734 225 8,018 1,728 76 100 SS0 3 80 l8,.061 033| 1,087 BOO ISO 867 105 110 2,956 465 2,158 27" 859 130 2,085 £00 2,130 3,07« 11,05a 1,167 1,560] 1,61*J 6,070 ISO 3,204 0,417 627 1,74 1,1771 7,651 8,_7C 8 138 1,050 ire sjoa 13,800 1,120 .9,410 1,846 1,037 1,451 19,164 2,10W 8,22« 231 128 601 8,810 SOO 0,253 1,800 14 67 1,278 086 208 100 800 7,803 2,026 449 889 160 1,313 150 29S ld2,H21 0,80 2001 1,270 l,30ffl 19,941 541 13,3041 15,664 8,014| 605 8,200 544 21,110 248 1,002 1,101 3,12« 1,0001 150,628 no 8 £,500 460 10,245 00 2.0 42 2,490] 8,502] 11,839 7,731 07 12,572 1,000 118,078 1,070 23 2,372 1,016 1,651» 6,070 1,010 51.1 758 14,052 8,7161 o.u.s 10,008 2,041 1,872 6,644 8,000) 8,552 2 21E 801,277 219 4 200 243,331 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PBIOES CUBREN T. Tho Argus Olllco, Friday Eronlng. Tho transactions of tbo month afford but littlo to roroark on. As usual during tho winter months, business, with tho exception of a fovr speculative transactions lu Indian produco, has been ontircly local, Tho Intelligcnco received by tho mall of aug- mented shipments to this and tho neighbouring colonicB, had, of course, a depressing effect on prlcos. Thojfailuro of tho diggings in Now Zealand has, by cutting off tho demand for that market, had a marked inllucnco on our exports, and at tbo present moment export demand has quito died out. Trado, although limited in oxtcnt, is In u hoatthy position, and confldenco is -well sustained. Wo cannot, how cvor, report any brisk domand for Imported goods. . Beer.-Alo and stout aro in tolerably fair demand, but without chango in price. Stocks aro quito sufliciont for all possible demand, and no iticrcaso in present rates can bo reasonably looked for. Quotations aro as follow:-Alo- Now Brewery Cb.'s Carlisle, £7 6s. to £7 10s. ; Bass's No. 3 (now), £7 Os. to £7 10s. : Joulo's (now), £0 15s. to £7 por libd. ; Byass's, bottled, 9s. to Us. 3d. ; London and Colonial Co.'s, 9s. ; Allsopp's, 0s. Sd. to 9s. Cd. ; other bottlers', 8s. Od. to 9s. Stout.-Best brands, £5 10s. ; other browers', £6 pcrhhd, ; Dublin stout, bottled, 9s. to 9s. Od. ; Byass's, 8s. 3d. to 8s. (id. ; London and Colonial Company's, 8s. Od. ; Barclay's, bottled by Friend, quarts, 8s. 3d. to Ss. Od. ; other bottlors', 7s. to 8s. por dozoii. Bacon and bams have been in fair demand. Local mado materially interioro with tho prices of importod sorts, and prices aro consequently barely Bupportod. S notations of Importod parcels aro as f oil. w :-York ilro or Wiltshire hams, lid. to 12d. ; Irish (Sin- clair's), 13d. ; Coey's, 12jd. to 13d, ; Ilovron's, bollios (bacon), 12d. ¡ Sinclair's, 13id. ; Waring'-. 12d. ; Mof- fatt'«, l'Ai, per lb.; pork (Irish), £5 to £5 fis. per barrel ; beef, £316s. to £4 por tiorco. Bags and Digging.-Demand for com socks and wool packs has, as a matter ot course at this season of tho year, died out. Gunnies, (or potatoes, aro lu good request, and fully si stain quotations Tliroo bunlicl sacks nro not snleablo- at above l63 Od per dozen Woolpacks, full woight realizo on small lots, Os to 7s each,and giuinicB 13H pordoron Butter -Local produce amply suppliai Ula de- mand, and for impertid torts there is scarcely any Iniiulry Candles aro largely overstocked, and without any rospect of improved rates The ngont i for t'iol*ova tcarlneW orks ha\o reduced their pm o to lOd |iorlb , and of course other imported sorts t ike their propor- tionate Miloo Cam as lins not boen In Inquiry, n id from 14Jd to ltd per j ard for host navy assorted Is billi tho i iiling jrlco Cement remains wholly unimprove 1 In prices, and demand very limit d Portland is quoted at 15s , Roman at 12s (id, and Ainorlcun plaster at 11s 8d to 12H per li irrel Cheeso of small sues and of good quality meets fnlr demand, but prices are quite without alteration North Wilts and «mall Blued Cheshire aro salcablo at from 111«! ti lljd perlh tollco ia In rather better inquiry, but not to any extent to influence prices As, howe«or, tho winter season haiset In, consumption will increase and better prices may falrh bo reckoned on Coy Jon plantation li quoted at from 12d to 12Jd , mtivo, lOd tolOJd , Java, lOd tolOjd Chicory, 3Jd to 33d per lb for host brands Cordale -Manilla lopo of small sizos has bcon in improved inquiry, and prices havo consequently advanced, £5' per ton having- been paid for sin vii raicéis. In other descriptions, however, there aro no changes to leport i »Ino of good sorts Is readily salíanlo at fully sustained prices Quotations aro - 1 uropo rope, £40 to £42, Manilla, small sizes £61 to £52, others, JUS to £49, Calcutta lines LU to £4J I cr trn, tv. Ino, Ecaining lind 1 oping, l*ld to 14 hi per lb In dried fruits, trado has been exceedingly dull, and no wiles of any amount havo bcon leportod Quotations rulo as follows, without any prospect of amendment -Aprles, 6d to 6Jd , ourrauts, Id to 4Jd , Muscatel lnlslng (Ii)crs) 7Jd , 1 lemo 01 to Old , Sultana, 7d to 71d , Turkey figs SJd to 8d per lb almonds (soft theil), 8d to Is per Iii Soda Ciystils liaio, owing to tho li"ht sto k3, boon in better inquiry Caustic soda has also boen lu moro diniand, as well as Hour of sulphur Opium li is been in bcttel request, both iorcoiisuinptionand shipment, and prices, although unadvanccdaro bolter «upjiortod Quotatiousruloasfollow - 1 lourofsulphur,~Js to21s poi cwt , c-irbonnto ot soda, 10s to 17s por cwt , soda crystals, £14 to £15 caustic soda, £2¿to£-í, soda ash, £8 per ton , sulphur!» acid, 4d per lb , opium, ratlin., ¿.200 to £220 per chest, prepared, 203 to 20s 6d per c-nLtor, duty paid 1 be Flour market Is firm, but somewhat unsettled Thatotn supplies aro deficient is beyond all doubt but the quantities to arrlvo from Culiforni 1 uro so uttorly uncertain as to placo holdois in an almost doubt- ful position Wheat is scarce, and loadilv lalcablo at 12s 3d Malling barley has boon placod to-day j.t 6s lOd Iho floods ill how south Wales havo so fir injure 1 tho niaizo crops al to cause linprov ed dcicnnd In this market for hor¿o feed and sales of oats to considerable extent havo been effected at uicreasod rates Quotations aro -Hour, tasmanian, from £25 to ¿,20 pur ton, and Adelaide from ¡c,J7 to £2h per lou, whtat, 12s to 12s Jd per bushel, oits, colonial, 4s 3d to 4s Od , Danish, 4B , Scotch, 3s Od , Californian, 4s , Capo barloy, 4s ..ii , malting sorts 6s Od to 5s Oil , brui, Is ed , maize, 4s Cd to 63 , oatmeal, Scotch, £20 to £"2, and colonial, £21 liup.s aro still dull of salo, and prices unchniigod , Kent and Sussex, lbOd, still quoted at 2s pur lb duty ¡aid Malt dull of solo A bin has been placed this woek at, it is reported, 7s ed per bushel, duty paid, w hioh may be considered the holiest market pilco il ulalu -Business generally has boon inictiro, and prices have undergone but little, if any chango Quotations romain as follow -Corrugated galraulze d bon, Lnghsh make, 20 O, £dl, Merewood », £.10, rod and bar iron, 1)1111 or lill brand, assorted lavoteos, £12, boilerplate, £14, Se itch bar iron, £10, hoop Iron, £14 , anglo and 1 Iron, £14 , pig iron, £5 2s Od to £5 fis , sheot lead £27 , shot, assorted, £23 to £20 , fencing wiro, £10 to £17 , zinc, líos 0 and IO, £b0 to £J0 10s , till plates, 15 per cent, adranco, camp ovens, £10 , patent nails, 16 per cent off list lu Oilmen s Stores there Is no chango to re- port Demand has been moderato, tho quantities ol home produco In pickles and preserves much influencing tho Balo of Imported sorts Quotations oro as follow -Blue, thumb, lOd por lb , curry lowder,quarts,12s Ld tol3s per dozon, fruits bottled, 10s do , jams and Jellies, lib tins, 10s do , lobsters, lib tins, American 7s to 7s 0U do , ni icaioul, 8d -per lb , vermicelli, whlto, Naples and Genoa, Sd. do , mustard 111 bulk, ho 2, 7jd to 7J<1\. do , do in lib bottles, 11K per dozen , do in iib bottlos, 7s Od do , oyBtciB, presorved, lib tins, 9s per dozon , pickles, pints, 6s to 8s do , salad oil, pints, 11s 0d to 12s per dozon, do , hair pints, 8s Od to Os rd do , salmon, preset ved, lib tins, 14a Od do , sardines, hallen, 8s öd do , quarters, 61 Od. do , sauces aborted half pints, Os do do Wor- cestershire (Lea and lorrins), 12s to 12s Od do , starch (Colman s) 4)d por lb , nucfcnr, brown (Champion's 24), 2s to 2s 3d per gillon, do , con- centrated, quarts, fls Od to 10s por dozun, wlilto wino. Is Cd to Is 0d per gallon Oils -Since the arrltal of tho last mill, korosono has been in bettor demand, and ratos havo ruled hither Best brands lim 0 boon placed at 3s lid to 4» Colza und Chinese oils also aro readily saleable at fully supported quotitlons, which rulo as fol- low -Koroseno, Sa 9d to 4s for best qualities, Chlneso, os. Od , llnsccd, at 5s to ßs 3d , colza, is , turpentino, 10s to 10s. ed , castor oil, 4s 9d. per gallon Pitch and Tar remain dull of sale, at unaltered 1 rices Quotations are -Stockholm tar, 28s to 2Js , pitch, 55B toiOs per barrel Powder -Blasting aorts of best brands, In good do inond, at from 11 Jd to 13d per lb Quicksilver in nthor easier demand than of lato, but prices stoudilv sustained, 2s 7d to 2s Oil por lb being the quoted priccF Kico -Transactions in tills article havo bcon largo, and stocks havo centered nearly in ono hand Iho trndo Jin o (or BOHÍO timo past been unw llling pur choi.cn>, but being compelled to enter tho market, holders ha\ 0 been enabled to sustain theil priées and lor |,ood samples of Patnn £ 3 10s per ton is wo believe procurable mid at £20 for Java fault has boon shipped to tho neighbouring colonlos in considerable quantities, but no alteration In prices Is reported Li\ erpool Uno is still quoted at £310s to £3 15s , and coam, at £212s Od to ii 15s Slates continuo lo no demand whatever, and quota- tions rulo as folio« -Duchess, £10, marchioness, £14 to £14 10B , countess, £11 to £1110s por thou- sand übe sugar market issomowbat unsettled The ad- vices from Mauritius tend to advancing 1 rkes, which, howovoi, aro tardily responded to, and tho last siles ?ho» but a moderate advance on previous ritos Quotations aro - £°S to £30 for rations, £31 to £31 for brow 11« £ JO to ¿JO 12s Od for medium counters, >.J7 to £33 for good to lins do , and £42 for vriiito crystals ¡spirits -Thora has been a fair btcady demand for good brands of brandies, both dark and palo, in wood and bottle, at well sustained rates Inferior and mixing sorts are, how 01 cr, nearly unsaleable Gonova ot good branda and fair strength is in vory good Inquiry Hum in fair demand Old tom In vory moderato rcqiieit, and whiskey very dull of balo. Quotations aro-Maneil s dark, Os Od to OB Od per ¿allon, Hennessy s do , 8s Od , palo, scarce, 10s , Otords, 8s , United \ iueyard Proprfotois Com p-inys do, 8s , Champagne \Inoynrd l'ropnotors' company s do , 7» Od , Ylncgrowers, 7a*C 1 , Loger 1 reres', 7s , other brands, do , 3» Od to 7a , p ile, Hennessy s, 31s por dozen cane, United Vineyard Pro liloturs, 20a , \ Incgrowcra, 23s , Champagne Viue ynid Proprietors Corni any s, 24s , Le er lroros', 21B , Clouzcau a, 18s to 10» Gouov a-JDK7 or key brand, 10s 3d tolOa Od per coso, do ,do,0s Oil to 7s pcrhalf-caso.do ,otherbronds,Os 3d toOa 9d porcaso Oin-London old tom, best brands, 2a lOd to 33 per tallon , do do , 15s pordo/on Hum-tust India, 20 to 30 o p , Is Od to 2s 3d per gallon West India 10 to 12 o p , Is do , do , 20 to SO o p , 3s Od Vi hisl oy lush, Mellan s, Js Od do , Scotch, best, 3s 01 to is lOd do , best brands, Ss 9d to 10s Od per dozen caeo lea (seo "Comnioicml') Timber -Tho trade has boen very dull tho yards aio amply biqiplicd and prices nile vciy low < lobacco - itcally primo parcels incut roadv B»1O, but the supplies of infcilor und low qualities aro not readily salcablo, and reliai lo quotations cannot bo tlven Wines nro very dull of salo Thcro is a small in- quirí for good quaht) ports md »horries, but prices range BOW ldcly that quotations cannot bo yv cn MELllOUItNB MARKETS THIDVY, JUNE 21 Tin» MILLS-Hour is In steady inquiry, at Omi prices Tho country demand is brisk, and prlcos aro well supported Uno silk dressed flour ia íoadily salcablo at £27 to £.7 10s per tou Brui of roady sa 0, at Is Od per bushel, and pollard at 2a per bushel HAÏ M-saicET -Tho fow loads of primo old hay find ready buyors at fully quotod ratos, but other sorts oro unsaleable Best hay la ealcablu at £7 to £8 per ton " good straw from £2 15s to £3 5s por ton EAbTBiiN MAitrsr -Tau supply ol be isonablo vege- tables, poultry, and d dry producá w as quito ampio to tho demand this morning, prices, hanover, ruled at about last woek s rates, and may bo quotod as follows -Jerusalem artichokes l}d to Uti por lb , hiot, ad to Is per dozen , bouquots, Is to 103 per dozen , cabbages, Is 3d to 5s por dozen , carrots, &d; to Is por doren hunches, caiillllowors, 3s to 10s per dozen, eclory, 2s to 6s por dozen , cress water, Od to Od por dozen bunches, garlic, .Id per lb , borscradlali, 3s to 4B per dozen sticks, leek, 8(1 to Is per dozon bunches , lcttupo, ad to Is per dozen , marjoram, Sd per do/on bunches, mint, (k1 toSd per dozen bunches, onions, dried b3 to 10s Od per cwt , do , green, Od per dozon buhches, parsley, lid per dozen hunches parsnips, Is to Is Od per dozen hunches , peas, 3d 1 or lb , potatoes, f s to 5s Oil per cwt , do, young 10s to 12s por cwt radish, ed per dozen bunches sago, Od to Is por dozon bum lies, shallots 4<1 to Od per lb , thy mo, Od por dozen bunches, turnips, Od to Is 4d por dozon bunches Fruits - Apples, 3d to 4d por lb , pears, 2Jd to 4d per lb , oranges, 8d to Od pel dozen , lemonfl Is to Is. Od per dozon Dalr) Produco - Butter, Is por lb , cliocso, Od to Oil por lb , ducks fs to Os por pair, eggs, 2a 3d to 2s (Id per dozen , goose, 7s to 83 por pair, bens, 3s Od to 4s Oil per pair, bonoy, Od. ptr lb , pork, Sd to Od per lb , rabbits, s Od to 5s per pair, sucking pigs, 8s to 10s each turkeys, 10s to 18s per pair, bacon, lOd told per lb WOOL, TAI LOW, ARD HIDE» -Messrs Goldsbrough anil Co furnish tho subj lined report - ' Wool -As is usually tho caso at this season of tho )car, there ia scarcely any business doing in wool ver) few lots coming In, either for salo or ship- ment Tw o auction Bales lia ve been held nineo our lust report, but ni tho catalogues consisted principally of odd bales and remnants of clips provlously sold, the) do not furnish any rollablo quotations as to tho value of larger parcols iroui the timor of our ad- vices from up country, we boliovo there is overy prospect of a splendid lambing, tim season having hitherto been most favourable, and likely lo continuo so The nhoop aro locking well, and privo evory indication of a heavy clip Tho following ships liava cleared far Fiurland since our lost Bumninry -May 26, Wellesley, Molbourno for London, 742 bales, June 11, Norfolk, Molbourno for London, 008 ba'cs, Juno 22, Gurrmnlt, Mclbouroo for Loudon, 037 bales, total, 2,032 bales, previous shipments, 110,534 bales Total shipment., October 25th to dato, 112,010 bales Prices Current Greasy-Inforlor to ordinary, 7d to 9d ; ordinary to avcraj,o, Oil to lOd , good to superior, nominal, nono offering- I loco.-Inferior to ordluarj, Is 3d. to Is Su , ordinary to avorago. Is Od to Is. 8d , good to superior, nominal, nono offering Scoured Ordh ary, Is 4d to Is 7d , good, Is 8d to Is lOd , superior, 2s to 2s 3d Hides -Hw Garrawalt cloarod for Lonuon on the 22nd Inst, with about 12 ODO hides on board, chiefly on turora account Tho J £ li has commenced loading, and w ill take about tho saino number Prices aro well sustained, aud ma} bo quoted at, say, good heavy wot salted, in ship ping order, 10s Od to 12s , and ordinary do , 8a to 9s i)d each fallow-The advices rocelved from tho homo market hy last mail lim o depressed prices and rendered talcs dllllcult to effect. Vt o have moved olia fe» .mall parcels chiefly for shipment, at tho follow- ing rate», say-Beef, i.27 to £20, mixed, £20 to £32, mutton, L¿J to £35 per ton CUaráñeos aro -l'or "Wellcslc), 25. casks, por îiorfolk, lia c-isks, per Garrawilli, 90 casks , total, 405 disks " Mesara J II Clough and Co íoport -'Wool-Sltico our last month!, report, scarcely anything has been doing in tho wool troduhcro One or two very small auetlon sales hav u been held, which, howov.r, ha. o been mado up of such pareols as afford no lu dtcatlon of ruling rates Thoy hal o consisted entirely of odd lots and small parcels of fellmongers' wool, which nero sold at fair prices During too month we have sold scoured wool at from 10$d to 20d , and greasy at from 7d to lOd per lb llio shipments havo consisted chieli) of fellmongers wool Ino Customs deal mees dilling tho month havo boen as follows - Week ending Ma) 21,1S0-1,11,1131b ,£1,500 , do Miy 28, 117,2731b, £8,3S0, do Juno 4, 20,US01b , £2 42., do lunoll, 2S,5101b *2,073, do JuuolS,O0,6001b , £-1,460, total, 2o3,3811b , £18 834 Add previous shipments from October lo, 1863, to May 14, lbOl, 25,100,5S9)b, £1,804,257 , tot ii, 25,353,97011), £1,883 001 Olio following ships hal o cloaitd with wool since our last report -Miy 25, Wolloslc), 762 bales, June 11, norfolk, 701 hiles, Juno ¿1, Garra« alt, 0.7 hales, total, 2 000 bales Shippers uro anxiously waiting the arrival ot nest months mail, and socm generally to entertain tlio lo lleÇ that tho Jlav sales will not show any doelino ia pi ice, unless somo political or other causo should bato o] mated In tho meuutuno ptejudlehll) to tho inte rusts of tlio manufacturers Ihe tightness m tho mono) market noticed in tho last London adviees may have had tho effect of checking tho buo)auc) of tho market Of tbo ensuing season wo miy conti dently predict that, good as was tho list shearing, this will bo oven bottor More attention has been paid to breeding and tho fal ourablo woather that bos prevailed .luco tho last shcarim, renders it moro than piobablo that tho coming clip will be not onl) Urg.r m quantity, but bottor In qualit) , mid \vo oxpoct that a general miprov cmtnt will ho notlceablo, w Inch will command for tho wools of Victoria a special at- tention from ¡english and conUtttutal consumers fallow -lu this market wo have no alteration to uoto Shippers havo been acting with oxlreino caution, and the demand for local consumption bolug rather bli..., thero havo been but fotv transactions for export fallow ma) now bo bought at, say-lioof, low to good, from £27 io £30, mixed molting £31 to £33, mutton, £34 to £30 por ton Iho lallovvlug ships have cleared with tallow since our hut report - May 26, tVolleslcy, 255 casks, Juno 11, Noifolk, 110 casks , Juno 21, Uarrawalt, SKI casks, total, 407 casks. Hides -lu this market thero lias bcon no altera tion in price worth noticing, although soma sorts hnv o been inquired for moro than others Largo heavy hides have reached to as high a figuro as 10s to 17b each Dry out of condition hldos are worth, aceoiding to quality, Os to 10s each A much greater quantity Is now being taken for local consumption, and this wo think is likely lo incroaso, ns there is now a considerable demand, for boots, shoos harness Ac , for colonial manufacturo llio only shipment which wo havo to report Is hy tho Garrawalt, on tho 21st Juno, which consists of 11,000 hides and 1,734 calf skins " Lrv H STOCK -Mr Charles Brown roports -" Fat Cattle -Niunhor in, 1,100 Notwithstanding tho modo rato supply and tho high prices ruling on Monday at tlio dobo of tbo market, a reduction on last vvocks prices had to bo submitted to This was, In a gi cat measure, owing to the absonco of country buyers Host bul locks, £0 10s to £8 , second and third, £2 to eO i at Micop -Kunibor in, 7,086 Hie supply this week has been limited, and tho quality ot a fair proportiou ver) good, which, with tho brisk demand, have caused a slight advance Best wethers, 17s to 13s , second and inferior, 16s to 10s Store Cattle -I havo sov oral lots under oller, although no sales to report, tho demand still continues, and I eauld lmmodiatel) placo sov oral largo lots Store Sheep -The doinaud ¿ood, ospcclally for wethers Holts. MAHKBT - Mr Frodorick Rood roports ti u transactions hi tho horse market of lato to havo been limited, ovv Ing to tbo small number brou.lit forward Inquiries aro mado for good active heavy driugbt hone», fit for town and firming purposes, also tor carrlago pairs nnd upstanding hacks, but weedy stoek Is unsaleable During tho post wcok a mob of 40 head, fiom the station of Mr Joseph Duel cr, of Doutha, ambo, has been sold at Dear s Uorso Markoi, at tho follow ing rates, v iz. -20 hoad of heavy draught and coaching horsos, from £8 to £20 10b , averaging £15 2s Od per head, 13 hoad H(,kt lu mesa and hacks, from £5 to £7 10s , avoragutg CO 10s 0d each, and 13 head, light woody st-ck, lrom £1 5s to ii, averaging £3 Is oaeb ino lot avorag ing £0 4s 3d per head Lviiouit ilARM'T-Hie demand for all descriptions of labour has been unusually light throughout tho week romalo servants with respectable references, and married couples for country districts, havo boon in fair inquiry Malo domestics, farming men, and situ-lo wumou unubed to service aro in no inquiry whatever Ablo seamen aro in full supply, and ratos of wu.es still rango at about SA per mouth for all voyages WOOL SHIPS SAILED SINCE OUB LAST SUMMARY Sailing Ship « ollosley Norfolk Gairavtalt London London Loudon SHIPPING OP THE MONTO. POUT OF MELBOURNE ARB.IT_._8 AND C--J.nAX.K8 SI-ÍCB OUtt LAST SDHMÍ.HV |B , British , A., American , Au , Austrian , Da , Danish , D, Dutch , V , I ron.h , Ch , Chillon, 1>, Portugués. , II , Hamburg , Hu , Hanoverian, N , -lorvvcglan , fa , Swedish, Sp, Spanish , Sd , Sardinian , Beig , Belgian , Br, Bremen , Pr , Prus .¡uti It, llussiau , s , ship, b, barque , br , brig, .0 , schoouor, st, Bteamer ] Mny ABiuvED 20 Triton, S b, 404, J M kraft, Sodorham -U Soden 20 Lotd ¡volson, B b, 247, O Bolsso, Newcastle - Joshua brothers 20 Victoria, UMC st, 7 guns, W II Norman, o ul_lng 20 Soo oo, A s , 784, H S Hutchinson, Boston - Wilkinson Brothors and Co 28 Cumeioitiau, B s, 878, \Y Saddlor, London - Michaelis, lloyd, and Co 28\. 1 îanees Ulll)ard, B s, 970, J Lovott, Now York -Lord and Co 28 Ceo)(,leo, Un s , 872, C Nobman, Now York - It low tis and Co 28 Thalatta, B s , 702, O Haro, Boston -Osborn, Cushlng, and Co 28 Joshua liâtes, B s , 600, H E Walker, Calcutta. Beaver and Co June 1 Abergeldie B b, 023, N Vv ardon, Groouock - Holmes Vi hito, and Co 1 Ocean Home, B s , 1,000, J Brown, London - Michaelis Boyd, and Co 1 MlnlBtor lliorboeko, D b , 630, Vv" n Konorotor, Ivevveastle -Sprigg, Twontyman, mid Co 1 Goveino) Goneral, B s , 1,106, L lluntor, Lou don - Georgo Martin and Co 2 llobphorus, B b, J_0, J Ollard, Calcutta - Woollo) and Nephow 8 Moreiitltis, li b , 282, W J Wiobos, Mauritius - Joshua Brothers 4\. Snapdragon, S. b., 578, J.H. Brand, Hong Kong.- Kong Meng and Co. 4 Lmplro of I'eaeo, B s , 1,640, II Clarke, Livor pool -Bright Brothers and Co 9 blag, 11 b, ¿58, J Marlin, Souraba)a-Young and Martin 12 Bomba), B st, 070, G O Bunio, Pomt do Gallo. -J Spukes 13 Jcannlo W l'aine, A s, 700, A Bourko, Bluff Ilmbonr- S do Beor 14 lied Rose, Jl a , 1,451, It Spratloy, London - Blight Brothers and Co 20 lomado,B s, 1,720,8 Undorwood, Liverpool Lorimer Marw ood, and Co 22 llncer, 11 s, 833, It F Hodgson, London - Joshua Brothers 22 Lmprcss of the Sons, B s, 1,243, D Davios, Liver- pool -Bright Brothors and Co 22 Clvdo, B s, 1,151, U Stephens, London-W P V hilo and Co 22 John Lldgott, B s , 770, J S Bobortson, London -Dalgety and Co 22 Julia »armoi, B s, 700, E B Wolfe, Bluff Har- bour -J li "\\\ hito and Co 22 Duko of Iiowcastlo, B B , 1,600, - Mackonzlo, Liv crpool -Lorimer and Co 22 Africano, B s ,11,567, J H Hatllold, Llvorpool - Lorimer and Co 23 Black I rinco, B s , 803, E Crowe, London - Dickson, Williams, and Co 23 Capo Horn, B B , 721, Jas Boll, J-lvorpool - Smith, btrachnn, and Co May cuuiiKD our 27 Formosa, B b , SS0, J Beaton, Guam.-Joshua Brothers 27 Ooticral Butler, A s, 1,175, J Wood, Callao - Josephs and Co 30 Bordeaux, F b, 005, J Monnorot, Quain.-. Holmes, White, and Co Juno 1 Hadloys, B b , 219, W Palno, Mauritius -House and Co 1 Golden Hcceo, B b , 359, K L hoys, Auckland -Woolley and Nephew 1 Achilles, B h , 248, H G Bulling, Cluain -Vlo torla Sugar Compnii) 2 Tliomas Brown, 11 b , 278, G M Jackson, Dakor's Island -Captain 2\. Tudor, 11 s , 1,785, T Whorland, CaUao -Bright Brothers and Co E 1 nmioss, B b , 308, V Kohler, Guam.-Fanning, Nankivell, and Co 4 Anno Boylston, B s , 809, P O Potorson, Callao -Michaelis, Boyd, and Co 7 Peru, B s, 032, O Brandt, Callao -Prost, Kohler, and Co 8 Telcgrapho, V b , 237, E Donozoor, Guam - Smith, Itocho, and Co 0 Staat6roadvander Houvon, D b,654, F Holgmo ruks, Guam -Tondour and Co 11\. Norfolk, B s., 1,100, B tonkin, London -W P White and Co .-.,.. 11\. Booloo, A s , 859, D n Hutchinson, Calcutta, W UkluBon Brothers and Co 16 Georgina, Iln s, 872,0 Ivobmaii, Colombo -It Towns and Co , 10 Norman, B b , 254, J Orfun, Guam.-Joshua Brotherr , _ , " " " l8 Uiuironlan, B s, 878, V) Eoddlor, Callao - Mlcboolls Bojd and Co l8 M blister Thorbeeko, D B, 630 Vi U konorotor, Princess Island -Sprigg and Co °0 Triton B b., 404, J hrcoft Callao -n Sodon. 21 bnaiKlt-kon, A s , 6.7, J U Brand, Singapore - Ca]tain il. ÎTorcurius, Il.Jb., 232, E. S. Wlobcs, Quam. Joshua Brothers. £1. Garrawalt, B. s., 078, J~. fihophord, London.-Dal goty and Co. £2. Bastloan Pot, D. b., 007» -Van dor Horg, Java. Bligh and Harhottle. 23\. Mario Amolle, F. b., 273, J. XI. Rozä, Sydney. Bligh and Uarbottlc. £3. Ilmlatta, B. >., 702, C. Haro, Baker's Island. Osborn, Cu'hlng, and Co. 