In tho numerous letters we have re ceived on the marriage question, and in the numerous reasons assigned for celibacy, no reference whatever has been made, we are surprised to ob serve, to the maleficent influence and authority of Mrs. Grundy. Probably those who live most in awe of that venomous old lady, .are restrained by > feeling of shame from acknowledging the tyranny sho exorcises. But, be this as it may, there is no disputing her supremacy in colonial, any more than in English society. She is universally feared, and universally obeyed. The despotism of that unpalpable personage is absolute and unquestioned. Men and women who may be naturally well disposed to marry and to commence housekeeping in a homely unpretend ing style, to practice frugality, to adapt their domestic expenses to their re stricted means, to forego any hut simple and inexpensive pleasures, and to make present self-denial subservient to future comfort and competence, are deterred from so doing by the per petually recurring and terrible question of, What will Mrs. Grundy say ? In awful fear of her, a man will shrink from wearing a sound and serviceable coat that is slightly grey at the seams, from living in an unfashionable neigh bourhood, from taking his wife to any hut the most expensive seats in a place of public entertainment, from putting on an old-fashioned hat, from walk ing home from the theatre, from dealing at any but the dearest and most celebrated shops, and from practising, a thousand little economies which are incumbent upon him in order fo keep his expenditure strictly within his income, and leave a margin for accumulation. And what is true of men in this respect is equally true of women. Mrs. Grundy is om nipotent for evil in regard to both sexes. And yet a courageous defiance of her opinion and her comments, and the practice of self-denial, are com paratively easy in the outset of married life. To forego a needless expenditure soon becomes a facile habit, and the habit is conducive to happiness by reason of . the assurance it offers of a future immunity from care and of easy circumstances at that period of life when our faculties find enjoyment in repose rather than in activity. The memoirs of hundreds of eminent men and women, are full of interesting details of early struggles, which were literally pleasurable, because they were sup ported by the ardour of youth and animated by the conviction that they were the indispensable condition of, as well as the best preparatory discipline for future prosperity. Read the Life of the Rev. Sydney Smith, for ex- amplo, and see how much happiness he and his family contrived to extract out of the comparatively indigent circum stances, the isolation from all congenial society, the raw climate and comfortless habitation, with which he was obliged to content himself at Boston le Clay. Or turn to that most charming of all the delightful essays of Eli a — that upon " Old China" — and see with what a fond regret, Mary Lamb reverts to the " good old .times " when she and her brother Charles " coveting a cheap luxury," used to have a debate two or three days before, and to weigh tho for and against, and think whnt they might spare it out of, and what saving they could hit upon, that should be an equivalent. " A thing was worth buying then, " she adds, " when we felt the money that we paid for it." And, subsequently, in' a passage replete with sound philosophy, and impressively bearing upon this marriage question, she goes on to say — " It i3 the very little more that we allow ourselves beyond what the actual poor can get at, that makes what I call a treat — when two people living together, as we have done, now ana then indulge themselves in a cheap luxury, which both like; while each apologises and is willing to take both halves of the blame to his single shars. I see no harm in people making much of themselves, in that sense of the j word. It may give them a hint how I to mako much of others. But now — what- I mean by the word — we never do make much of ourselves. None hut the poor can do it. I do not mean the veriest poor of all, hut per sons as we were, just above poverty." But Lamb ana his sister, in those early days, lived as though no such person as Mrs. Grundy existed; and if their example were resolutely fol lowed by young married couples, , nine tenths of the difficulties which now surround the marriage question would be removed. If people would substitute self-respect for a slavish dread of the world's opinion ; if thev would care less for appearances ana more for the solid comfort which springs from a prudently managed household ; if they would act upon Wilkins Micaw- :BEr's advice to young Copderfield ; and if they would exhibit their practi cal belief in the maxim laid down by Burns : — " To mako a lmppy Cre-eido clime To weans and wife, That's tha Irne pathos and sublime, Of hnmsn life the question of fifty pounds a year, more or less, in the income of persons meditating matrimony would be per fectly injma'rerial. As it is, however, society has established a false and per nicious theory both of the pleasures and the duties of human life, — or rather, a ( theory which proposes to include all | the so-called pleasures; and- to exclude | all its Imperative duties; and until we have superseded this theory by one which shall he directly in harmony with the loftier purposes of our exist ence, the nobler capabilities of our nature, and the real interosts of society, wo must expect to see tho continuance of a state of things hostile to morality, and equally inimical to the healthy and vigorous growth of this community. As the time for the general election draws nearer, all sorts of rumours are current as to the candidates likely to como forward for the various districts. In East Melbourne, Messrs Cohen and Kyto will offer themselves for re-election, and we have not yet heard of any opposition. In VYest Melbourne Mr Orkney retires, and Mr Loader will bo opposed by Mr Phillips, and It Is rumoured by Mr M'Culloch. For Colllngwood there is a host of candidates in the field ; all the present members are likely to come forward, witii the addition of Lr Embling, Mr M'Kcan, and Mr Harhcr. At Rich mond Mr Lambert retires, and Mr Came ron, tho town clerk, will probably try hard to be liia successor. At St. Kilda Mr Michie and Mr Crews will probably oppose tho present occupants of the seats. Mr R. S. Anderson has a fair chance of being returned without opposi tion. Mr Nicholson, whoso health will not permit his remaining in public life, . will not contest Sandridge, and Mr Moore, who will bo put forward by the Nicholson party, will probably find opponents in one or two local men. At Williamttown strong efforts will be made to defeat Mr Verdon, whe has completely lost his popularity among the Government employes, who were formerly his staunchest supporters. Captain Perry Is spoken of as a probable candi date. In South Bourke Messrs L. L. Smith and O'Grody will find opponents in Mr Cope anil Mr Halfey. Mr Dickson and Mr Hadley will again contest North Melbourne, and it is ru moured that Mr J. Davits will retire, but that Sir Sinclair will again stand. Mr Turabull will oppose Mr Thomson for Evelyn, and Mr Sher win and Mr Stooke arc likewise spoken of Dr Grecves is in the field for East Bourke, vice Mr Bennett, who retires. Mr Cowcll will again contest Warrnambool. By the courtesy of Messrs Joshua Brothers we havo received Mauritius papers to the Cth ultimo. The news contained in them is unim portant, and may be briefly Bummed up as follows : — The Savings' Bank defaulter, O'Toole, had not been found. One of the clerks of the bank, named Do Lucca, had been tried concern ing the defalcations, and acquitted, the evidence proving that in more than one case O'Toole re ceived the money. The rumours from Mada gascar still stated the belief that King Radama was not dead, and would at the beginning of the coming now year (March), bo brought for ward in stato by Ids friends, and ascend his throne. These rumours, says the Mauritius journals, although absurd, show that men's minds are not settled, and as " Faudrcan " (Malagash New Year) is a time when general saturnalia and drunkenness prevail, the populace might, having their minds inflamed with these ideas, commit some excesses. The Treasurer of the Rea Defence Fundsc- knowledgcs receipt of the fallowing sums, t!z. : — Messrs Crews, LI ; Young, LI ; Lacey, LI ; " Lover of Justice," LI Is ; and " A Lover of Fair Play" (per favour of The Herald), L2 2s. The Victoria Gold Mining Company, Bendigo, whosa prospects have been for a long time of the darkest, have plucked up new courage on the strength of n two dayB' crushing, which yielded upwards of 42oz. The London correspondent of the Geelong Advertiser, has the following ancnt the Gcrmano — Danish difficulty, and the position the Queen lias taken thereupon : — " The King of the Belgians, who lias quite recovered from his very serioue illness, is making a prolonged stay here, and nolitical trossin savs that his visit is con- nected with important political and family ar rangements, for it is whispered that tier Maje ty la quite unmanageable with respect to the rela tions of Germany and Denmark, having n strong feeling in favour of the former. The rumour is (but of course I do not vouch for it), that she desired all reference to the question to be omitted from the Royal speech on the opening of the session ; and when Lord Falmcrston and Earl Russell remonstrated, sent for Lord Derby, who of course refused to take office on such terms. This, it is ssid, explains the reported resignation of Earl Russell at the time ; and as it is certain that Lord Derby did then visit the Queen, these facts perhaps have given rise to the reports in question." Mr John D' Alton has forwarded to the Minis ter of Mines the following report of a new rush In the Ararat district: — "Pleasant Creek, flth May, 1864. — Sir, — I have the honour to report that a rush has taken place in this division. It Is situated la the Ironbark Ranges, north-west of the quartz reefs, being distant about two miles from the Pleasant Creek Quartz Mining Com pany's lease. The auriferous deposit was struck on the 7th Instant, the prospect obtained being loz to the load. The gold is coarse and water- worn, and mixed with black sand, from which it cannot be separated by simple washing. The woshdirt averages from nine to fourteen inches In thickness, resembling very soft cement. The sinking is shallow, being four feet, increasing to five, In the north side of the prospectors' shaft. The bottom Is pipeclay, intersected with numerous quartz leaders. There were about twenty claims marked off this morning, but none had bottomed except the prospectors'. I am inclined to consider this rush will not be permanent — the character of the surrounding country being patchy ; at present it seems to indicate a guttci running in the direction of tho old workings, known as the Doctor's Patch, and distant about half a mile, the intervening ground being all untried. There is every indi cation of a quartz reef in the Immediate locality which lies on the line of continuation of the Cross and New Chum reefs. I herewith enclose a sketch plan, showing the position of the places referred to. — I have the honour to be,- sir, your most obedient Bervant, Joust D'Altok, Mining Surveyor." The application made on behalf of the Age to have the libel action against its proprietors by MrJ. H.Brooke postponed, was heard yester day morning, before Mr Justice Williams in Chambers. 1 1 was urged tor the defendants that several witnesses were absent in England and New . Zealand, whose evidence it was desirable to obtain, and that a commission would haro to issue for the purpose. On the other band, it was urged that there was no necessity for any delay. His Honour sold he would consider the case, and announce his decision on tho following morning. An epidemic has appeared amongst the cats in the Ovena district. The disense attacks them with weakness in tho hind quarters and general- debility. A correspondent of the Constilutiou who gives the information, adds : — "Some linger a long time and recover, while many others disappear totally, ana It is supposed die in the bush." He also refers to a similar epidemic which seme . years ago carried off the dogs In Tasmania and California. The Head Quarters' Band will play, thisafter- noan, from three to five o'clock, at tho Botanical Gardens, the following pieces of music: — Over ture, "Les Veprcs Sicilietmes," Verdi; Quadrille, " New Melodies," Strauss ; Grand Selection, " Irish Melodies," Johnson ; Overture, "Exhibition," Auber; Waltz, "The Dream of the Ocean," Guug'l ; Grand Selection, " Maria Padilla," Donizetti ; Grand March, Sledc; and " God Save the Queen." According to tho Inglcwood Sontinel, several persons at Majorca have lately suffered severely fros eating fish. It was found, in each instance, necessary to call in medical aid. Lard Palmerston, according to the London correspondent of the Geelong Advertiser, is evi dently becoming every month physically weaker, although his temperament, or, as it is popu- i larly termed, his pluck, is as youthful and lively . as ever. The same writer adds : — " There are many of the most respectable country members 1 who will do nothing against Lord Palmerston, | but who would at onca proceed U any extremity against his eolleagnes, and this feeling is largely shared in by the country. The policy of the opposition, therefore, is .to avoid giving Lord Palneraton any ground for a dissolution, but to damago the reputation .of his subordinates as much as possible, and Lord Palmeraton's ' dirty boys,' as tho Saturday Reviow terms them, cer tainly bars a most inretera'.e propensity for tumbling into tho most dlrfy puddles they jan find, and their chief has had littlo to do during tha last montli but pick them out of tha mud, an operation which is becoming almrat tao much for him." Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace has resigned his commission in the Volunteer Force, in conse quence of Mnjor Pitt having been appointed to tho command of the Force during the temporary- absence of Colonel Anderson. The decision of tho Treasurer seems to have given rise to much discontent am mgst the lieutenant-colonels, but . it must be rcmembero l that had Col. Wallace or Col. Redo been appointed, it could scarcely be expected that they could leave Ihclr duties, in order to reside in Melbourne, which would have been rendered neeeasary had they been appointed to the coaunaad. By advices received by the mail, the military authorities are informed that the Home Govern ment are willing to send to this colony, and pro bably pay portion of the cost of sir 40-pounder Armstrong guns, with travelling and naval car riages. These, on arrival, will bo distributed as follows— two in the batteries at Sandridge, two at Willismstown,- and two for the defence of the harbour at Geelong. A battery of 12-pounder Armstrong guns arc also on the way out, to re place those purchased by the New Zealand Go vernment. Capt. Snee, staff officer of volunteer artillery, is at present at Queonscliff, superintending the plneing of the third of the G8-pounders In tho battery there. This battery commands the inner anchorage at a range of 2000 yards. ' No arrangements have yet been eompleted as to the military parade on her Majesty's birthday, but we understand that the up-country corps will not be brought to town, as they rather prefer parading In their several districts. According to the Bendigo Advertiser, Messrs Wsrdell, Paley, and Dr Barry, the board ap pointed by Government to select sites for the local Lunatic Asylums, proceed to Ararat, on Monday n! xt, for the purpose of selecting a suit- ablo posit'on for the asylum there. A general meeting of tho Eastern Hill Cricket Club was held at the Sir John Franklin hotol, on Tuesday evening, the 10th Inst., when the report and balance sheet were read and adopted, closing a vory satisfactory soason. The secretary begs to announce that football in connection with the above club will commence this day, at two o'clock p.m., with a scratch match. The club hare adopted red caps with whito band as their distinguishing uniform tor the season. The Melbourne Football Club have deferred opening the season until next Saturday, but should the weather interfere with the cricket match, a scratch game at football will be played this afternoon, by members chosen on the ground. Next Saturday It is proposed to play fourteen v next twenty, the latter to be captained by Mr H. C. Harrison, and as most of the best players have promised to join, a good game may be exnected. The committee meet at M'Girr's next Wednesday, at 5 p.m. The Bendigo Advertiser gives an account of an cxtensivo robbery at the store of a Mr James Bailey, California Gully, on Wednesday night. On getting up in the morning, Mr Bailey found that the store had- been broken into, and property to the amount of about L130 carried off, consisting of a quantity of clothing, calico, flannel,' a box of tobacco containing lOOIbs, and other goods. An opening had been made in a double brick wall which enclosed the store sufficiently large to allow a man to enter, and on maKing turtner seared de loudu a smau crowbar, or what is termed a "jemmy," which had been left behind by tho thieves. A deputation from Ararnt, introduced by Mr M'Lellan, M.L.A., and Mr Girdlcstone, M.L.A., waited upon Mr Grant yesterday in reference to tiio Ararat Farmers Common. It scorns that for some time past a dispute has taken place between the managers and Mr Gilbert as to a portion ot the conimon. Mr Gilbert, in ex change for a portion of the common, gave up a section of his run, but the managers being dis- sntisfied with this arrangement, determined to refer the matter to tho Commissioner for his decision. It was decided that tho land In dispute should be sold by auction. A lecture upon phonography was delivered lost evening at the Mechanics' Institute, by Mr, Kidgetl, who has held the position of secretary to the Melbourne Phonetic Society for some years past. The chair was occupied by Mr Charles Bright. - Th.- lecturer prefaced his discourse by n few remarks upon the history of writing from the earliest ages te tho present time, jand then referred to the gradual develop ment of short hand until the invention of phonography by Mr Isaac Pitman. The im mense advantages of this system were ably dilated upon by Mr Kidgell, and at the close of the lecture the usual vote of thanks having been accorded, several gentlemen gave in their mames with Ute object of commencing the study of the system. The sitting of the City Court yesterday was unusually protracted, and the coses more than ordinarily important. James Perks, the old blind man, charged with the abduction nnd rape of a girl of nina years of age, named Margaret Cronan, was committed for trial upon the first- mentioned charge ; but on the second the evi dence was insufficient, and he was omaitted upon the lesser one of indecent assault. In the case of the robbery of a gentleman named Pcott, at the Prince Patrick .hotel, the prisoners, ofter the case for the prosecution was concluded, were remanded until Tuesday, as they wished to call witnesses for their defence. Two young men, whom the detectives have suspected for some time past to be concerned In the frequent rob beries of hotels in and nround Melbourne, were sent to gaol for tweho months as rogues and vagabonds. At tho weekly meeting of the Executive Committee or the Immigrants' Aid Society held on Friday, .the Superintendent made the follow ing return: — Number of inmates in the home as reported last week, 623; admitted since, 83; persons who have received out door relief, 83 ; total relieved, 792; discharged from the home during the week, 82 ; total at present remain ing, 027 ; consisting of children chargeable to Government, 450 ; cases chargeable te the sscicty, 177. The Daylesford Express states that the escort returns from that goldfield have declined in consequence of a luige quantity being regularly taken down by private hand. This week 1900oz were convoyed to Melbourne by the inspector of the National Bank. Our contemporary is at the aamc time cheerful at the prospect of Mel bourne capital being invested in mining enter prise' at Daylesford. . Tho Chinese in tho colony have a pronencss towards taking the law into their own hands. An instance of this kind occurred lately at Sraythcsdalc, where threo Celestials who had been discharged upon an accusation of having stolen some shovels nnd wash-rtirt from a brother Chinaman, fell upon tho prosecutor and be laboured him with tho tools in question. The Grenvlllo Advocate winds up the narrative by saying—" Constable Gannon fortunately came to his assistance before they had time to knock boiled rice out of him, and again marched off tho threo assailants (o prison." It is notified in the Police Gaze tie of Thurs day last that tickets of leave have been granted during the we k endiug the 10th of May to Charles Paget, tried at Melbourne tnt'ie 25th of October, 1859, convicted ou three charges of burglary, and sentenced to nine years' im prisonment ; and to a man named TI103. Shad dock, alias Harrib, who was also tried at Mel bourne on the 11th of February, 1803, and sen tenced to twelve years and twelve years consecutive, for robbery ia company. It is also mentioned in the Gzette that Sergeant O'Brien and Senior-constable Tobin, both of ' Sandridge, have received L5 each from the police reward fund in acknowledgment of their attention and vigilnnce in the detection and 1 seizure of an illicit still on the premises of E. J, ' Crockford, at Sandridge. We understand that a meeting of the com- mltteo who have the cantrol of tho preparations for procuring a bridal gift for Her Royal High- | ncss tho Princess of Wales will be held this ! afternoon at tho Town-liall. The object is to select a design for the proposed gift. It is cer tainly high time that something was done in the matter, nearly a year having now el ipsed since I' the project was first mooted. An Australian Eagle, vulgarly termed eaglc- . hawk, was shot lately near Portland wliUo in the net of carrying off a largo duck. Tho eaglo measured seven feet across tho wings, and three feet four inches from the beak to the end of tho tail. We have received our files from Adelaide up to the 11th instant. Extracts will be found in another column. The 8. A. Register cloees a leading article upon the correspondence which has lately ap peared in onr columns on the Marriage Ques tion, with the following remarks :— ' Wo should have been better plenscd to have seen the subject discussed in a more serious spirit than that which has characterised tho letters to which we have referred. The question is not one Bimply to bo joked about, but is very closely connected with a healthy and sound state of society. Where a large proportion of any population consists of marriageable but unmarrylng men and women, It shows that there Is something seriously wrong; and if we can get at the true reasons for this state of things we have reached one step towards the rectification of the evil." Mr Matthew Bullock Jackson, formerly engineer of the Yan Yean reservoir, we observe, gave what was deemed important evidence at the inquest held upon tho bursting of the Sheffield Waterworks Compaay's reservoir. The Ballaarat Post of last evening Is of opinion that the judgment given in tho Supremo Court, yeaterdoy, upon the appeal cases by the Great Extended against the Koh-i Noor company, nnd which appear in another column, will compel the reversal of abonttwenty rulings of the judge of the Court of Mines at Ballaarat, Tho third anniversary dinner of the Ancient Order of Foresters, Court St. George, took placfc at the Telegraph hotel, Willlamstown, on Thurs day evening last, there belug about fifty gentle men present. The lion. Geo Verdon occupied the chair, and Mr Challis the vice-chair ; and after the usual loyal toasts had been 'drank, P.C.R. Yatea gave " Prosperity to the Ancient Order of Foresters," responded to by P.C.R. Stainer. P.C.R. Lockwood then proposed, " Success to Court St. George," which was responded to by Brother Wilkins, secretary of the lodga, who, in the course of a neat speech, stated that the funds of the court now in hand amounted to about L180, and that the members now numbered 65. " The Chairman," " The Press," and several other toasis having been given and responded to, the meeting separated about twelve o'clock. During the evening, Messrs Morgan and Vernon performed several pieces very .creditably on the harp and violin. In the divorce case of Terry v. Terry and Murcutt, the Supreme Court gave its decision yesterday. The petitioner charged his wife with having committed adultery with several persons, including Mr Murcutt, the co- respondent. The Judges ruled that Terry had not acted in a manner which entitled him to a dissolution of his marriage, as he had repeatedly condoned his wife's conduct, inducing the belief that sub- sequent acts would be treated in a similarly lenient way. Though the divorce was refused, however, a judicial separation was granted. No opinion was pronounced as to Mr Murcutt's al- leged participation in the affair, the case against him bring dismissed without costs. The Court allowed a divorce to Mrs C. Fischer (an up- holsteress in Swanston street) from her husband, who had, besides proving unfaithful, deserted her. Several judgments were pronounced in the Supreme Court yesterday. In the case of James v Higgins, in which the Koh-i-noor and Great Extended Companies, Ballaarat, are in terested, it Was decided that the Mining Judges could perform.no judicial acts outside the dis tricts to which they were appointed ; and tlint a Judge had no power to voluntarily grant an iujuntion motion different to that which the plaintiffs asked. In the insolvent estate of Wm. Rutlcdgc nnd Co, some difficulty hnving arisen in the way of directing the assignee to fllo a second piau of distribution of the assets in his hands, a conversation took place as to the inex pediency r.f keeping a large sum of money locked up in the assignee's hands. The creditors declined to incur the responsibility of having it invested in Government securities, their counsel stating that in consequence of tho resolution arrived at by the-Legislative Assembly in the caso of Mr Murray Ross, the Government would be answerable for the acts of the assigneo. The mining managers of Daylesford have adopted a memorial against Mr Sullivan's min ing statute : — " The memorial," says the M. A. Mail, "is a lengthy one, nnd embodies the objection of tho committee to the various pro visions of the statute. Messrs M'Cormadk and Murphy were appointed delegates to take the memorial to Melbourno for presentation, and Messrs Frazer and M'Donald were requested to aid them,'' "The grand ball," says the Bendigo Adver tiser of yesterday, " held last evening, in the Town-hall, to inaugurate the opening of the new wings to the Hospital, was a great success. The number present at the ball might be about 150, quite enough for the size of the hall, and among the fair ladies and gentlemen present were the elito of Sandhurst. The room pre sented a most gay appearance. The refreshment depaitment, from which all spirituous liquors were excluded, was well conducted by Mr Haynes. Dancing was kept up with great spirit until an early hour In the morning." Caledonian Flat, near Inglewood, is now the scene of a rush. A number of minors from Raywood have pitched their tents in the now land of promise, of which the local journals speak hopefully. Mr Lambert received a bumper benefit at tho Theatre Royal, last evening. Indeed, attractions were offered which have seldom been placed before the public. The whole force of the dra matic company had been secured, together with tho services of the Howson family. It is no wonder then that the house was crowded. The first portion of the performances consisted of the good old comedy of the " Court Favourite, " which was played admirably. Bickerstaffe's musical comedy of " Love in a Village " followed, supported by the Howson family and the Royal company. It is needless to say that it went off admirably. Miss Howson la the various songs she sang did full credit to her part. Miss Clolia Howson also sang with her well known taste and effect. Mr Lambert, as Justice Woodcock, reminded us of Old Farren, and we are assured no more complimentary mention cculd be tnade by us. Mrs Phillips as Deborah Woodcock was inimitable. Throughout, this quaint rare old comedy was played with aspirit end vigour that would have delighted the soul of Charles Lamb. The audience were mo3t enthu siastic in their approbation, and the curtain fell amidst the loud applause of all present. At the Haymarket Theatre last night Verdi's " Traviata" was produced. The subject is one which is in every way opposed to our notions of good taste and sound morality, but the com poser has managed to invest a very unhealthy and maudlin subj ct with tho most touching interest derived from his exquisite music. Say whnt thoy will, everybody must confess that in the opera of " Traviata" there are 6ome delicious raorceaux. Last night Madame Escott sur passed herself. Playing in the face of a poor, hous?, sho yet threw so much energy and spirit Into the character she represented that it was evident that she for the Ume become the person >he Illustrated. We admire this lady's acting beyond her exquisite vocalisation. With respect to Mr Wharton, we would again draw his atten tion te the very inferior efforts he makes to act his part. He may be asaured that it is as neces sary for a stager in an opera to be a good actor as for any other performer on the stage. Mr Squires, in " Addio del passato," sung admi rably, and in the duet with Madame Escott, "Parigl O ears," was also very good. The overture to the opera was admirably performed. The chorus was excellent, and the orchestra generally without fault. To-night "Lucia dl Lammcrmoor" and " Le Fille du Regiment" Is to he produced, Mr Beaumont, a new singer, appearing in the latter piece.' By the last advices, Mr G. V. Brooke was to leave the mother country for Australia, some time In -the month of March. Tho (Dublin) Freeman's Journal of the 9th of March, an nounces his last appearance in that city, at tho Queen's Royal Theatre, on the 12th of that month, " prior to his departure for Australia;" and thus writes concerning him : — " There appears to be now but ono opinion as to the merits of Mr G. V. Brooke as an actor. He has taken by unanimous consent the first place amongst living acton, and up to toe present we know of no person worthy of taking from him at any time the nremier position on the stage. ' No contemporary actor can give a part the vitality and material power which he ctn or approach within a long distance of him as an interpreter of dramatic poetry. A'ctors there arc more scholastic and mere minutely correct, but they bear the same relation to Brooke as carefully reared geraniums do to a vigorous forest tree. They are prim, pretty, and precise — sometimes even beautiful, but never as he is or was wont to be — hold, com prehensive, masculine, and very often great. He possesses the art'of making himself the man he represents, and forgetting that he is Mr Gus- tavus V. Brooke. It is true that sometimes, perhaps often, he plays carelessly, hut never without displaying much of the rare dramatic genius with which he Is eminently gifted. Troupes of ambitious spouters, by rant, declama tory fronzy, assurance, self-esteem, and swagger rush into high places, and because the public do not resognlse merit in dramatic charlatanism and avoid the theatres, the would-be 1 stars ' shake their heads, like Lord Burleigh, in Sheridan's 'Critic,' and say 'the drama is gone down so far that Garrick, Kemble, and a Siddons, could not raise it.' Tho 'stars' that would be never dream that it is not the drama has gone down in the estimation of the pabllc, hut the actors. At no time in the existence of the stage was histrionic geulus at a greater premium than at present. A great actor could now get secured to him a greater salary than the Lord Chancellor. ' The wages are there, but where are the workmen ? '. To say that the love of theatricals has declined because public tasto won't have capacity below mediocrity thrust into high places is about as un just as to say that people did not like pine- apples because they would not eat bid potatoes. Had we more actors like Mr Brooke, the stage would again rise to what it has bees ; but that will never be so long as men only fit to take a secondary place in a stock company are permit tod to 'star it,' and thereby inflict more injury on ' the stage ' than all the men who raised up their voices, argued, and wrote against it." We understand that Mr E. T. Smith, the lessee of Drury Lane Theatre and proprietor of Cremorne Gardens, Astley's Theatre, and other places of amusement in London, has turned his attention to cater lor public amusement in the Southern Hemisphere. His first speculation will be Mr George Cass and Mra Cass, ( formerly Miss Grace Egerton). The engagement of these successful artists, who have lately received such flattering encomiums lrom the London and provincial press, has been effected at a cost of L10,000. The entertainment is of the Mr and Mrs Paul Howard style. Mr Cass, however, Is a must accomplished concertina player, and has Infnlv mnila lata nnnAnpnr»rt nf WSmlanr with great eclat. Williamstown has lately been enlivened by Adams's Circus troupe, which, notwithstanding the cold and tempestuous weather, has been well patronised every evening. To-night, Monday, and Tuesday, arc to be lost of the season's enter tainments, as after then tho troupe goes into winter quarters. The performances have been generally good, and without appearing invidious we may mention Mrs Adams and Madame Henrlques. The latter during her sojourn In India has much improved. 