AEEIVAL OF TEE ENGLISH WATT, We extract the folio wine from the tele grams in the «Herald'of 10th instant The Alexandra arrived at Glen el g Pier at 4 30 p.m., after a passage of ninety-six hours irom King George's Sound. The upward passage bein^ accomplished in ninety-seven hours. The P. and O. steamer Bombay, Captain Burne, arrived at the Sound at 3 p.m. on the 6th instant. She left Galle, on 22nd May, at 4 p.m. Pas sengers for Sydney; Colonel and Miss Row landson, Mr. and Mrs. Kenny, Messrs. Labodde, Hickey, M'Laren, and Nailor. Second Class—Mr. and Mrs. Slavers, and five soidiers. GENERAL SUMMARY. London, 26th April. The Australian February mails were de livered in London on the 14th and 18th April. The Queen again appears in public, and held a court at Buckingham Palace on the 9tb of April. The health of the Duke of Newcastle has considerably improved. Mr. Card well, the new Secretary of State for the Colonies, has been re- elected for Oxford, without opposition, Mr, Stansfeld has retired from the Ad miralty Board on the Mazzini Question, and has been succeeded by Mr. Chiiders, M.P., formerly of "Victoria. The Right Hon. Hubert Lowe.HVice President of the Privy Council, has re signed, his successor being Mr. H. A. Bruce, while ,Mr. Baringsucceeds Mr. Bruce in the Home Office. ' Lord Wodehouse becomes Under Secre tary for India, and Mr. Fortescue retains the Under-Secretaryship for the colonies. Sir Richard Macdonoel!, late Governor of Sooth Australia, has been appointed Lieu tenant Governor of Nova Scotia. A bill to unite Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince Edward's Island has passed both Houses of Legislature in Nova Scotia. The vacant Garter will be bestowed on the Duke of Sutherland. The Opposition motion respecting the Government motion on China has beeu dis | posed of by a count out. The decision of the House of Lords has bi>en given in the Alexandra appeal case. The appeal was dismissed with costs, and the vessel has been delivered to her owners. Garibaldi's reception in Englaud was most enthusiastic; from the Prime Minister downwards every class vied with bim to do him honour. His entry into London was a triumphant ovation, and every avail able spot was crowded with spectators. Garibaldi was the guest of the Duke of Sutherland at Stafford House, and he was also visited by the Prince of Wales. He dined with Lord and Lady Palmerston and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the members of the Reform Club. He has also been presented with the freedom of the city. Garibaldi intended making a provincial tour through England, but sud denly "left for Caprera on the 26th April, which caused great excitement among the working-classes of England, who held monster indignation meetings, alleging that Garibaldi had to leave by desire of the Austrian and French Governments. The truth of this statement has, however, been denied in the British Parliament. The Shakespere Tercentenary Commemo ration was very successful at Stratford-on Avon, but the metropolitan celebration tB m °Ut 'ns,§n'®canl; and contemptible. Mr. G. V. Brooke has been engaged to perform at Sadler's Well* Theatre. The Earl of Derby proposed a motion in the House of Lords to compel the London Railway Companies to run a morning and evening train for the working classes at Is. per week for any distance under ten miles. The Irish emigration to the Northern States of America is still rapidly increasing, 3 , . njeans of transit by steamers and sailing vessels is quite unequal to the demand. I The Dublin Exhibition, to take place iu May, 1864, gives promise of very success ful results. The estimated joss by the" late inunda tion at Sheffield is £350,000. ^-'h® distress in the cotton manufacturing districts is decreasing at the rate ol' 4000 persons per week. . export of cotton from India and China is increasing vastly. Coburn, the American, has challenged Mace to fight for the championship next Tnl* an<^ first deposit has been tnade. The months news shows an unusual increase of murders and criminal out rages. The fund for Bishop Colenso's defence is now £2000. A dreadful earthquake occurred at Capiapo in Chili, and simultaneously a new volcano burst out two hundred leagues distant. ° OBITUARY. Yicount Sidmouth, Mr. Paulet, Profes sor Pillaus, Lord Edward Tucker, Mr. Wemys, M.P.; Countess Giengorn, Coloneis Binghamand Burer, Admiral Clowes, Bishop of Peterborough, Archdeacon France, the Hon. and Rev. Stanhope, Mrs. E. Ellis, Alaric Watts, Mr. Maudsley, and T. P. Cooke. THE DANO-GERMAN QUESTION. .,1 London Conference for the peacefiii settlement of the Danish question met yes terday at the official residence of the First Lord of the Treasury in Downing^street. Ifae members present were as follows:— tor Austria, Count Apponyi, and privy counsellor Bregelebed. For France, le Prince de la Tour d'Auvergue. For England, Lords Russell and Clarendon. For Prussia, Count Bernstorff, and privv councillor Baden, formerly Ambassador at RhSTm®n* a°* vBe?,mark' Baron de Bilie, M Quaade, the Minister, and coun cillor Krezer. For German Confederation, M. de Beusta, Saxon Minister. For Swe den, Count Wachtmeister.. After a long discussion, the Conference separated with out settling anything decisive. The basis tor deliberation which Austria, Prussia, and the German Confederation agreed to the integrity of the Danish monarchy, the poli tical and administrative autonomy of the Lfuchies, and the maintenance of the union as one single State—nexus socialis;— Rendsbnrg to be made a German Federal sstkas—of ih,! Lord Clarendon, after a conference with the Emperor Napoleon, returned to London and announced the intention of France and England to demand an armistice. France and England agreed to declare war against that power refusing to accent the truce- * Meanwhile, during these negotiations, the brave Danes have suffered frightful losses, figbtlng to the Jast, reljiag on En<? land aud France for succour. The Prus sians, to the outrage of humanity, bom barded Sonderborg without giving notice, thereby sacrificing unarmed civilians, women, and children. After two months' gallant defence, Duppel was taken by assault on 18th ^There was great slaughter on both siaes; 3000 Danes were taken prisoners. remains of the Danish army were massed in Alsen. Previous to the fall of -ppeL the Cuuiauiidcr in-Chiof requested permission to withdraw the army by night, the place being untenable. A telegraphic reply was received from Copenhagen that Duppel was to be held at any price. Several naval engagements have taken place in the Baltic, with varied success. Should Denmark lose Jutland as antici pated, there will only remain to King Christian the islands of Zealand, Fionia, Laland, Bornholm, and the small isles in the Danish Archipelago. AMERICA. New York, 14th April. Continuous rams have delayed military operations in Virginia. General Meade is making active prepara tions for forward movements, The Federals intend making a three-fold advance upon Richmond, viz., by Meade across the Rapidan, by the Army of the Potomac; by Smith „p the peninsula, where M'Clelian failed two yearn ago; aud by Burnside, via Goldsburgh, North Carolina; each army to be strong enough to cope with General Lee singly. It is said Lee intends advancing into Pennsylvania, Kentucky, and Ohio, thus "forcing Grant to follow him or to abandon those States to his lovadiDg army* The safety of Richmond is considered secure, owing to its defences in garrison. Several engagements had occurred, ia which the Confederates had been always successful. - r I Great excitement prevaiJedin the Federal i money market under symptoms of a Cur rency panic. ' • a V Gold reached to 18%-and bubsequeotly - lell tO liby, ,l» ••»••• .• tfce House of' π^ntative« day, Mr: Long, of Ohio, spoke in favour of peace, advocating the immediate recogni tion of the Southern Confederacy. On the next day, the Speaker, Mr.: Calfax, de scended from the chair and moved Mr Long s expulsion for treason. Mr. Harris member for Maryland, defended Long, and prayed that the South might never be con- | quered. The member for Illinois then moved the expulsion of Mr. Harris, for ' which there were 81 votes in favour, and 1 58 against. This not being a majority of two-thirds, the motion was lost' but a vote of censure on Mr. Harris was carried. The expulsion of Long is still under discussion and many democratic members endorse his opinions. The Louisiana election resulted in the success of the free state party. Arkansas has elected an auti-slavery legislature. President Lincoln has issued orders for 200,000 men to be raised by the 5th April. Generals M'Clelian and'" Fremont have been nominated for the presidency^ but it is believed that Lincoln will be re elected. Another conspiracy has been discovered m Kentucky, the object of which was to annex that State , to. the Southern Con federation. ' Mr. Seward's new Immigration Bill con tains a clause to naturalise immigrants one year after their arrival, importing them free of expense, and they are to refund the pas sage money and war bounty of 900 dollars if they choose. Twenty-five thousand Irish arrived within a month, and as Seward wants 250,000 a month, he expects to empty Ireland, and so strengthen America and weaken England. The general feeling in America is that the end of the war is approaching, and that the ensuing campaign will decide it. Should Grant be defeated, a recognition of the Southern States is expected. The Federal Senate has passed a resolu tion refusing to recognise a European monarchical government in Mexico. FRANCE. Mazzini has been tried by default, and condemned to transportation. This sen tence enables the French Government to apply for his expulsion from England; and representations have been made to the English Government that Mazzini's presence on British soil was a source of dauger and anxiety to the French Cabinet. Cordial relations are again established between England and France instead of ibe coldness prevailing since the affair of the Paris Congress. Lord Palmerston pub licly stated this. -Notwithstanding, the French Government prohibited the holding of a Shakesperian banquet in Paris. An insurrectionary movement has broken out amongst the Arabs in Algeria,' who at tacked the French troops; reinforcements have been sent from France to restore order. ITALY. The war preparations in Valeria excite alarm at Turin. Government is earnestly urged to prepare for the threatened attack by Austria. A bill bag been introduced in Parlia ment to raise a loan for the construction of iron-clads. The accounts of the Pope's health are very discouraging. The French Ambassador and the French General commanding Rome will temporarily administer affairs in case of the death of the Pope. SWITZERLAND. Council have decided on the expulsion of Mazzini from Switzerland, he having abused the rights of that country's hospi tality. Orders have been issued accord ingly to the different cantons. DENMARK. The King's speech to the army declares their sufferings and losses will not be in vain, as they will bear fruit against tbe violence and injustice of the euemv, in a struggle the aim of which is the independ ence of their country. The inhabitants of Jutland forwarded an address to the King, requesting him to per severe, and declaring their readiness to bear the burden of the'war. AUSTRIA; The unsettled coaditfon-bf the Austrian. Empire has caused the postponement oftbe International Exhibition. RUSSIA. - \ A battle has taken place between the Circassians and Russians, in which the for. rner lost 2900 men, and the latter 1500. the Circassians have taken refuge in Tur key by consent of the Sultan, who sent five steamers to convey them to Sinope and Varna. r POLAND. The Polish insurrection still continues. Sanguinary engagements have occurred be tween the insurgents and Russians. The latter still indicting barbarous outrages on defenceless women and children. ° MEXICO. Maximilian has surrendered his right to the Austrian throne, and retains the title of Archduke of Austria, with £12,000 per an num, and he departed for his seat of Go vernment in Mexico. The French army in Mexico still con tinues successful, and have occupied Mata moras and expelled the ex-dictator Santa Anna. CHINA. April 29.—Colonel Gordon has recovered from his wound, and is again in the field, and as successful as usual. On the 11th of April he attacked batteries "and rebels to the number of 15,000at Waisoa, where they were stivugly entrenched. -After some shell ing, their left flank being tamed, they pre cipitately retreated ; the regular Imperial troops, wbo are acting as auxiliaries to Gor don, pursued the rebels and cut them up severely—the line ot retreat was literally strewn with dead. It is affirmed that four months more will terminate the Taeping rebellion. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL. Tuesday, 26tb April. On the 16th April the Bank o{ England directors raised the rate of discount from 6 to 7 per cent. Total value of exportation^ from England during past year, £149,4-90,000, against £123,992,000 the previous year. The British Colonies absorbed more than one third the entire amount. Colonial Government Securities. New South Wales 5 per cent., 1866, January and July, 99| to 100J; Victorian sixes, April and October, 108 to 109; New Zealand ditto, 109 to 111; South Australia ditto, 1878 and upwards, 110 to 112. The directors of the Bank of Queensland have declared a dividend of 7s. 6d. per share. The seventh and eighth calls of the Bank of New Zealand are to be paid 3rd May and 3rd August. LONDON WOOL REPORT. Since last advices Port Phillip is in de mand, and sold at prices equal to those in March. The lengthened passage of the .Melbourne ships, not being in time for last sales, partly accounts for the stock not being equal to demand. A general belief exists that former prices will be maintained i.asfc the ensuing sales, commencing on the /5th- May, for all descriptions; but operators will act with-extreme.-caution, owing to stringency of the money market. Arrivals to date 82,534 bales. TALLOW. Prices have declined Is. to Is. 6d.; PYC, on the spot, 40s. 3d.; Australian, dull and lower. SHIPPING. Arrivals i Essex, La Hogue, Great Bri tain fs.s.), Moravian, Dona Anita, Asterope, Precursor, Westbury, Alfred R. Morrison, Mediator, Shackamaxon, and Calliance. Departures for Sydney: City of Adelaide, Royal Alice, William Duthie, Buxton Castle, Naomi, Sunbeam, Sea Star, and City of Montreal. The Sappho, from Shanghai to London, with a cargo of tea, was totally wrecked [ entering Table Bay. The American sbip 1 San Dunning, 1928 tons, from Rangoon to ! Liverpool, foundered on the 19th April— I only six of the crew were saved. The P. | and O. steamer Candia, from Aden to [ Galle, encountered a terrific cycloDe 29tb ! April; the ship spr.uug a leak; the fires iu [ the engine room were extinguished, the lascar crew was paralysed with fear, but ! the ship was saved through the exertions of I the officers and passengers. 