TELEGRAPHIC. (FROM one TEIKOKAIMIIO COBIIESPOJÍDKM ra.) ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL. ConniEit Office, Wednesday Night. THE A. S. N. Company's steamer Huia gatira, after a passage of ninety-two hours from King George's Sound, arrived at Adelaide this morning at 9 o'clock. The R.M.S. Bombay left Galle on the 20th August, and arrived at the Sound mi the 3rd instant. PASSENGERS. - For Sydney : Messrs. Meade, Luce, Fenwick, Robinson, Belson. Scholfield, Evans, Travers, Murphy, Farmer (2), Lillyman, Wood, Kean, Bain and Son, M'Pherson The Australian May mails were delivered in London on the 12th and 18th July.,. Her Majesty continues to enjoy good health. The Ministerial statement is to the effect that England sympathises with Denmark, but does not consider herself bound, alone, to afford her aid-Russia and France having withdrawn. A notice of motion has been given in the House of Commons that, if the war in New Zealand is not shortly brought to a close, the Imperial troops be withdrawn. The New Zealand Guarantee Bill has been read a second time. Mr. Disraeli's vote of censure on the Dane Germanic policy caused a debate which lasted for four days. The motion was lost by 18 in the House of Commons, but was carried in the House of Lords by a majority of 9. A deputation consisting of Australians waited upon Lord Stanley in reference to the increased postal rates. The former charges are likely to be re-established. The Wimbledon Rifle meeting was successful. The match between the Lords and the Commons was won by the former Lord Elcho challenge cup was won by Scotland. (?) The Queen's prize by private Royals. A dreadful railway accident occurred near Montreal. Eleven carriages containing 354 immigrants went over the side of a bridge. Sir Robert Douglas has been appointed Governor of the Cape of Good Hope. Earl Derby is still very ill. The health of the Duke of Newcastle lins improved. It is expected that the case of Dr. Colenso will be quashed, the jurisdiction of the Bishop of Cape Town being denied. A destructive fire has taken place in London; the Chapel Royal, the Savoy, and many houses in the rear having been destroyed. The King of the Belgians has been on it visit to the Emperor Napoleon. France opposes the German claims to the annexation of the northern part of Schleswig, which is inhabited by the Danes. A meeting of the Austrian, Prussian, and Danish plenipotentiaries was held in Vienna, for the purpose of interchanging their views. The Prussian Ambassador repudiates wholly any alliance. A rupture between Austria and Prussia is probable. The Porte has closed all Protestant establishments, and has arrested several con- verts. The Prussians effected a passage through Alsen Sound in boats, a heavy fire pouring down upon them. The Danes fought most gallantly. Two thousand four hundred were taken prisoners. The Danes lost three thousand men-killed-in their retreat. Jutland is placed under Prussian administration, and the officials have been ordered to obey Prussian authorities. The King has requested his ministry to resign, and has formed a new cabinet. There is a suspension of hostilities, preliminary to negociations for peace. At a meeting at Vienna the terms were settled, and the war may be considered to be terminated. Garibaldi has left for Caprera. The Pope's health is restored. A revolutionary committee have excited alarm on the Adriatic coast Engagements have taken place between the French and some Italian brigands. A mutiny broke out at the penal establishment at Portland, but was soon quelled. A fright but murder has been committed on the North London Railway. The victim was Mr. Briggs, of Roberts and Curtiss' bank. The murderer escaped. Dr. Livingston is now in London. The Great Eastern, steamer, is at Sheerness, awaiting the arrival of the Atlantic cable to be placed on board of her. OniTUAitv.-General Vigours, Admiral O'Grady, Colonel Dunbar, Colonel Hailes, Lord Wood, General Hardinge, Admiral Cator. AMERICA. On July 15th demonstrations were made against the left of Grant's army. General Sherman had arrived before the defences of Atalanta, having crossed the Chattahoocbio. Gold was 254,1 A Ministry has been formed in Canada pledged to secure the Federation of the North American colonies, General Grant, after attacking Lee, formed with Butler, and assaulted Petersburg. He lost 8000 men, and was obliged to abandon his position. There have been some severe engagements in Georgia, in which the Federals were defeated. The Confederates invaded Maryland, and the Federals retreated on Baltimore. An armed force captured the private despatches of Staunton. Grant and others broke up the railroad, and destroyed the bridges, so as to prevent any communication with the North. The Banks at Baltimore have removed all valuables on board steamers. New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Massachusetts, have shown an indis- position to respond to the call to defend Washington. The government have appealed to the Banks for a loan of 50,000,000 dollars. The Confederates are said to have re crossed the Potomac with an immense quantity of plunder. They have abandoned the idea of invasion. ? COMMERCIAL. The largest sale of wool during the year commenced on July 21. The number of bales catalogued amounted to 2,020. There was a good attendance of buyers. Prices were about the same as in May last. Tallow is steady Australian being quoted at last month's prices. There have been extensive sales of hides at a slight reduction heavy Australian were bought in. Light sorts were sternly. Bark is not much enquired for, and prices are lower. The Union Bank has declared a dividend of 17, per cent. The English, Scottish, and Australian, 6 per cent. The Australian Mortgage Company, 5 per cent." There is an increasing demand for money. The suspension of the East of England Bank has been announced. The Bank of England has raised the rates of discount to 7 per cent., and have thus caused a decline in the price of public securities. Consols are quoted at 99 5 to 9d ; New South Wales 5 per cent debentures, 97 to £99 ; Queensland ditto, £103 to £105. LATEST NEWS. Via Suez, August 6. Preliminaries for the restoration of peace have been arranged at Vienna. Schleswig HoMe in has been added to the German powers. An estrangement has occurred between Russia (2) and the German States. The celebrated Yelverton appeal case, in the House of Lords, has been decided against Mrs. Yelverton. Parliament has been prorogued. The Queen's speech at the close of the session recommended the continuance on the part of Great Britain of a strict neutrality in American affairs. AMERICA. President Lincoln has made a demand for half a million volunteers. The removal of Mr. Secretary Stanton, Minister at War, is probable. The Federals are still firm as regards the maintenance of the Union and the abolition of slavery as being the sole solu- tion of the war. COMMERCIAL Wool continues at the opening rates The money market is easier. SYDNEY. *. September 7. The Riverine Council have decided to abandon any further appeals to the government, and to petition the home government for separation. Morgan, the bushranger, has been dangerously wounded by Sergeant Smith, near Albury. The markets are stagnant, awaiting the arrival of the English telegrams. The Yarra Yarra will take the Queensland portion of the English mails on Sunday morning. MELBOURNE. The Echuca Railway will be opened on the 11th instant. The electoral addresses of the government have displeased the squatters. The Adelaide government have offered to share the expense of establishing fortnightly communication with England. It is proposed to subscribe i,000 to send expirees back to England. Yi:sTr.ni>AV was practically the last day of the session of parliament. -Liolh houses stand adjourned until Tuesday next, when his Id cellency the Governor will come down to the Council to prorogue parliament, this information having been conveyed to the Assembly by the Colonial Secretary. The Speaker took advantage of the occasion to express his high sense of the orderly manner and gentlemanly department of hon. members during the session. AT the termination of the enquiry into the circumstances attending the burning of Mr. Suicllio's house on Bowen Terrace, Mr. Massie gave a verdict as to the burning of the " Little Wonder," in Edward-street, to the effect that " the building had been destroyed by fire, but that there was no evidence to show how it originated." We are informed that Dr. Robert Hancock has been appointed Coroner for the police district of Brisbane, vice Mr. John James Wilson, resigned. AN entertainment will be given this evening by the Campbell Minstrels, at the School of Arts, in aid of the Citizens' Volunteer Fire Brigade This is the second occasion on which these gentlemen have offered their services for the purpose of increasing the funds of useful institutions, and we trust that the attendance of the public this evening mill prove that the kindness of the Minstrels Is appreciated as it should be. Tin: annual meeting of the members of the Victorian Cricket Club was advertised to beheld last evening, at the North Australian Hotel, but owing to there not being a quorum no business was transacted. We: understand that the sum of 622 10s. has been handed over to Mrs. Turner, by Sergeant Hawkes, as the proceeds of the concert given by the Campbell Minstrels on Tuesday evening last, in aid of the funds of the Lying-in Hos- pits This evening, the ball in aid of the funds of the proposed Lying-in Hospital will be held in the exchange of the new Town Hall. It was currently rumored yesterday that owing to some slight misunderstanding, the architect of that building had withdrawn his consent to its being used for the purpose, and arrangements were promptly made by Sergeant Hawkes, under the directions of the hon. secretary and the stewards, to effect such alterations in the Armoury as to render it suitable for the occasion. We are glad to state, however, that all difficulties have been removed, and that the ball, as originally intended, will take place in the Exchange. We hope there will be a large assemblage, as the object of the ball is the cry couragement of a really useful and benevolent institution. A large number of tickets have been sold, and now that it is decided that the splendid room of the Town Hall be placed at the disposal of the committee, we have no doubt that many persons will be present who would have objected to the more limited space afforded by the Armoury. We refer our readers to an advertisement in another column for all particulars. We have been requested to announce the desire of the promoters of the ball that Is lies and gentlemen attending in fancy dresses will be kind enough to make their names on 1 the characters they intend to ns -urge upon the back of the ticket. It will be very little trouble for them to do so, and may be productive of much convenience to other persons. THE entertainment given by the Campbell' Minstrels last evening, at the School of Arts, was scarcely so well attended as on previous occasions doubtless, owing to the fact that shortly before the advertised hour, we were visited with a thunder-storm, accompanied by heavy rain. However, the members of the company did not permit their having a small house comparatively speaking-to detract from their efforts to please, and we can congratulate them upon having given last evening an entertainment in their best style, which is saying not a little. It would be quite superfluous to review the performance in detail, but we may state that Dick Sandford's Highland Fling appeared to be particularly appreciated. At the conclusion of the entertainment, an announcement was made by that specimen of an ingenuous nigger, Billy Bent, that on Saturday next a morning performance would be given in the Armoury, under the patronage of his Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen. There is no doubt but that on the occasion referred to the Minstrels will have little reason to complain of empty benches. Ox Tuesday night last, a most determined, and evidently premeditated attempt at suicide, was made by a young man a German named George Nolde-who arrived in the colony about five months ago. He has been in the employ of Messrs. Kohn and Co., as clerk and salesman, and has resided with Mr. Appel, of South Brisbane. On the evening mentioned, he came home at the usual hour, and and after sitting in conversation with the people of the house for some time, he bid Mrs. Appel " good night," and retired to his room. Shortly afterwards, a loud report of the discharge of iii farms was heard coming from the room, and it was discovered that the door had been securely fastened from the inside and the windows buted No time was lost in breaking open the door, when the unfortunate young man was found weltering in his blood with a discharged revolver lying by his side Dr Lions was -cut for immedi daily and at once pronounced the case to be hopeless although Noble up to the time of our going to press was still alive No motive has been ascribed as likely to lend to the commission of the act the proclamation which appeared in the Ooiem ment Gazette of satin day last abolishing the Pound at I Leyburn is we understand likely to cause dissatisfaction at that place Were hole that the government has received complaints from the inhabitants of Warwick and Dr Ay ton, that cattle which ought to he no been impounded at those places have been taken to Leyburn instead Now however the case will be different and the diggers and others in the neighborhood I of Leyburn will have cause to complain in the distance their horses or cattle will be danced the present pound was put up at the private expense of Mr O Bell and at the cost of £100 Its election was approved of by the got eminent, and also by the squatters in the neighborhood in a southerly direction the nearest pound is 130 miles distant, namely at Goondiwindi In the easterly, Win walk is 10 miles to the north easterly, toowoomba is 16 miles In the north Dalby is 75 miles Loy bran has now its court house and police magis- quite and as the gold fields near to it are greatly increasing in Tripoli lance, it does scorn somewhat Inn d that a pound, erected two years ago with the sanction of the government, should be now abolished by them 