VLClutcLa.. {"From oar own CorresDondent.l Melbourne, March 11. The Government has commenced to clear the Murray fram Wahgunyah downwards. The railway will be opened in three months to within 15 miles of Ecnuca, and to Echuca itself before next wool season. A well-known stump politician is in custody charged with stealing books from various book- i sellers. Four thousand volumes of stolen books were found in his house. Mr. George Robertson claims nearly four hundred pounds worth. [From the Telegraph^ The Geelong races have taken place. Gen ynilie won the Maiden Plate, Falcon the Barwon Free Handicap, Banker the Town ! Plate, and Yorkshireman the Handicap Hurdle Pace. The flour market is less excited, hut no sigus are shown of its receding. Sales of const- < derable parcels have been effected at £23 per ton. The latest transactions in wheat were from Ss. 61. to 8s. 91. per bushel. Little is doing in oats. A lot of Danish have been quitted at 4s. ! [From our own Correspondent.} Melbourne, March 12. The Bombay reached the anchorage at 6 o'clock, and Bailed again at 11. The Colonial Bank recovers from the European Assurance Office £2,090, under their bond of guarantee for Hasker, the Branch Manager at Sandhurst, losses exceeding the amount of the bond having occurred by HaBker's gross carelessness in management [From the Tetegraph.~\ At the Geelong Baces Miss Banks won the District Plate; Blink Bonny, the Criterion Bandicap Parse; Donovan Brown, the Autumn Handicap Steeplechase; Maggie, the trotting race; and Fleur de Lis, the Consola tion Handicap Plate. The Sliakspeare Tercentenary is exciting but little attention here. A difference of opinion between the Mayor, " John Thomas Smith," and Mr. Bead, on a legal point that arose in the Mayor's Court, and which led to a bet, is exciting some atten-, tion. An opinion is to be obtained from the Attorney-General. If adverse to the former he forfeits £10 towards the Hospital fund; if otherwise, Bead forfeits £5 on same terms. The markets are quiet, but a steady country trade is going on. A parcel of 50 tons of Adelaide silk-dressed flour has changed hands at £25 per ton. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, March 14. The weather ib very-warm and sultry. The debate in the Assembly on the Hiverine question is fixed-tor Thursday, after dinner. The Strathdon from London to Sydney passed the Heads on Saturday, 68 days out. The Madras Times says that Sir John. Lawrence is to be raised to the peerage under the title of Lord Liffey. Melbourne, March 15. Fonr thousand Sunday-school children have : been -invited to the missionary ship Day spring at Sandridge Pier. The .Norfolk, with 181 bags salmon ova, packed in ice, is expected daily, the Trae Briton having arrived in 72 days. The Victoria will take the ova across to Tasmania to prepared ponds on a tributary of the Tamar. There have been large sales of South Aus tralian wheat at 9s. per bushel. Holders of coming parcels are asking 10s. \- Flour is firm but qniet. A large auction sale of tobacco has taken place at a rate quite sustaining the late advance. Stocks of old ale are -nearly, cleared, and higher rate9 are sought for sound parcels. [From our own Correspondent.] ■ Melbourne, March 16. The third reading of the Land Bill is under discussion in the Assembly, and is Btrongly opposed by Mr. O'Slianassy. The division will be a very close one. Nine racehorsess from the late Tatton Sykes's stock have arrived here by the True Briton sod the Ben Lomond. The Bill to impose wharfage rates has been read the first time. Mr. Loader proposes that the Home Government should annex the Biverine Dis trict to this colony, hut that correspondence should first be opened with the New South ] Wales Government on the subject. The flonr market is inactive, some holders giving way in prices. I Tobacco is in a less firm position except for ' prime Southern parcels. [From the Telegraph^ A vigorous opposition is expected to-night against the third reading of the Land Bill. A meeting of ultra land reformers was held at the Parliament House last night, to organize a resistance against the proposed, measures, unless some modification is made—a course which it is not-likely the Government will adopt. It is anticipated, however, that they will narrowly escape defeat. Illicit distillers have been discovered at work in the heart of the city, at the rear of the Argus office. The encampment of the volunteer force at Sunbury will take place on the laBt week in this mouth. The import markets are brisker. A parcel of Java sugar has been sold at auction. Ration, £27 to £30 per ton ; greyish crystals, £38 10s: to £39 10s.' Xhe flour market is quiet. Holders are firm. As much as 9s. 61. per bushel has been obtained for Adelaide wheat; but a quantity of 10,000 bushels has been quitted for less. Common teas are calculated to advance. The stock and share market is vigorous. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, March 17. The third reading of the Land Bill was carried at an early hour this morning by 31 to 30. There is a large steamer off Cape Qtway, which refuses to answer signals. It greatly disturbs trade, as it is feared to be the Alabama. The Victoria ha?, gone to Cape Otway with supplies, aud will report as to the stranger. [From the Tehgraph.~\ The returns of the cumber of immigrants introduced under the immigration arrange ments, during the eight months ending Feb ruary, give 4,380, or 3,967 statute adults. Consequent on large arrivals of flour and wheat there is a lull iu the demand for those articles. Importers are, however, confident in the legitimacy of the present prices, and refuse concession. Business therefore is small. The tea market is active. Several hundred chests of fine medium congous have quitted at 2s. to 2s. 2d. per lh. Sugar maintains previous rates. Sales are reported of yellow brewing crystals at £4310s. per ton ; yellow graining counters at £4110s. Enquiries - for kerosine continue. Parcels have been placed at an advance of 2d. or 3d. on former rates. Wool packs have sold at 6J. 3d. [From our own Correspondent,] Melbourne, March 18. Resolutions in reply to the last despatch from the Duke of Newcastle on the Bnbject of transportation have been adopted by both Houses before adjourning for the holidays. Mr. O'Shanassy made an intemperate speech, wishing that stronger language had been used. The duty on raw Eugars is to be removed. The uext Bill will be to amend the tariff A train has passed along 20 miles of the Echuca Railway. The strange steamer reported yesterday is still in sighf, about 23 miles from Cape Otway. There is no doubt of its being the Alabama. March 18, 5 p.m. The strange steamer is still off Cape Otway. [From Che Telegraph.'} In the Ijegi-lttivo Council Mr. Francis said that tiie Souih Australian Treasurer stated, at the Intercolonial Conference, that the New South Wales and bis Government had agreed j that South Australia should collect duties en ! rirer-horne goods entering JSew South Wales aud Victoria by the Murray, on the basis of the New South Wales tariff; 10 per cent, of the dtzries to be her share, 60 per cent, for Nesv South Wales, aud 30 per cent, for Vic toria. The two colonies had, however, pre sented claims which would practically absorb the share of this colony, and it therefore de- , clined to be party to t he arrangement. The flour and grain market exhibits a slight, uneasiness. Dealers decline to operate except at reduced prices, 'irade lots of flour have been quitted at £23 per too. The correctness of the Adelaide telegrams is questioned. 