NEWS OF THE MONTH. From July 16 to July 23. PARLIAMENT re-assembled on Tuesday after an adjournment of six weeks. The Legislative Council did not form a quorum until Wednes- day and then hon. members had no reason to complain that their labors were heavy ; for the only subject that evoked a discussion was the Marriage Law Consolidation Bill, which was read a second time on the motion of the hon. W. Wood. Dr. Hobbs obtained leave to intro- duce a Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Bill and it was read a first time. The Savings Banks Bill was partly considered in committee. The Trade and Commerce Bill, the Trade Marks Bill, the Grammar School Act Amendment Bill, and the Licensed Auctioneers Bill, were reported from the committee of the whole house, and then further proceedings were postponed till next week. The Assembly was more assiduous and perservering, having sat on three days. It was hardly able, however to settle down thoroughly to business on the first day. After some very important documents had been presented by Ministers and reso- lutions passed referring the report of the Parliament House Commission to a joint com- mittee of both Houses and adoptng an appli- cation on behalf of the Ipswitch school of Arts for £1000 Mr. Robert Cribb got possession of the floor for airing a couple of his peculiar crochets. The first was a motion affirming the non-eligibility of a member for a government appointment until six months after resignation of his seat. This, as we predicted, was farily laughed out of the House. No one spoke to the motion but the Colonial Secretary, than whom no member better knows the difference between the theory and practise of Mr. Cribb; and he naively suggested to the hon. member for Bris- bane that it did not go far enough "because it should be added that no person should hold a government contract," and "should make pro- vision against other inducements that might be offered by the government of the day." This rub was not so keen as the one which the Colo- nial Sectetary administered next day, when in reply to his obliging friend opposite, who ob- jected to the Subdivision of Lands Bill with exceeding fervor, he reminded Mr. Cribb of the evils inflictted upon the public health by the practises of "usurious speculators" who bought land cheap at Government sales and afterwards subdivided it into small lots, inter- sected by narrow lanes, and sold dear. The proposed Parliamentary purge was rejected by 15 to 3 votes. The Bill to legalise Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister being next called on so nauseated the House that there was a count out. On subsequent sittings how- ever, the bill was advanced through all its stages and passed. The principal part of the business on Wednesday was of a formal and îoutiuo charaetei Au tippht it ion lui 1200 lot the Philosophical Society was accede I lo Hie Cn ii bellico Act L\lelision Bill was loiisiilcicd m committee, but its fut in L is piobleiuitiea! lesterdiiy the House »at laic in I gol lhiou0h a good deal ol iinpoiItuit woil lu answer to a question, tho Colonial lietsuiei state 1 that JL113 8s 7d had been collect d fiom e.ipoit duty on c,old since the end ol Juno last Hto Colonial Stcictniy milo luted the Additional Membcis Bill, by »Inch it is pi oposed to git o eight moro ro pieseututiies to the country, and lo ciento the new electoral districts of kennedy Mitchell Wiiircgo, Clermont, Diayton Dalby and Con dumme, Rockhampton and Mniyboioiigh Of couiso, neatly all tho existing eleetoiates will bo somewhat altered by tins nu:iMue, which, bon el el, will leave uiulisliubed the scats of tho present members ol tho Assembly Hto bill was read a first time V lien bill was nitro dueed for the legulation of Voluuteei coi ps and was read a hist tune Hie House lcsohcd into a commute of sttppli, and nipidly pissed tho estimates of tho lieasiuei s and tho Al toi ney Gcitiiuls dcpailnicuts Hie Municipal institutions Bill, und tho liustees of Publie Lands Bill nero lend a second time Di Chid lmor bl ought foi mud a motion lot the rcdue ttou of tho duty on unmtintif ictured tob icco luipoited into this colony, but being iiilouual it wits withdrawn after Lite Ircasutei hadc\picsscd his intention to oppose such an mlcileiuueu with the icicuuo Iho Intestate J stato Bdl was lend a thud tune and pi sed Hio select committee which sat last yent to enquire tuto Iho ease ol Di Jonathan Labatt »ho had somo tuno buck been meirceiated asa lunatic, was re appointed Hiero was no Bitting of tho Assembly to day Hio Statistical Registe) for 18G3, and tho Census Repot t hal o just issued iiom the lio gistiar Gonctals olhet lhoy woro amongst tho papers which were presented to Pailiament this week Tho most nnpoi tant public doouiuont, how eier, which bus bcon published Ibis week, is the lepottol the select committee of tho Assembly which was appointed to oiiquuc into, anti lepott upon the m annotantes attending the sudden relut n of Mr Henry Joi dan from Lngland It includes tho dralt of a bill winch is to nuiko permanent foi three y cat s thu land order system , tho bill is not, however, so satis factory m all its details us in its leading prill ciplo On tho whole, howcvci, ii is a satislue toty measuro after all the disagreement thut hail been occasioned by tho disturbance ol tho m tegitty of that system in times past Pilot Bowles haling been found guilty of mis conduct while in the pel formalice ol Ina duty, tho Marino Uourtl has lceonuuendcd his disiuis sal from tho sen ice A dray mau iiuuied Trcdorick Row, n ho was addicted to intemperance and subject to iits, died suddenly on luesday last Ino pioineiiade concerts al fresco wcro gu on by tho Volunteer Band tina week, m tho Botanic Garden Mr 1 redone Murd, a musician of acknow lodged ability and extensile repute, bus reeontly armed in Brisbane, and on tuesday cienmg ho gato a saint, musttale in the behool ol Alts which was undoubtedly ono of tho best enter laminent« of the kind that wo oiei onjoyod m the inotiopolib ol Queensland It is not uti likely that Mr Dlard will settlo down amongBt us Tho Toowoomba assizes concluded on Mon day Hto com let Itilclno, who is undor seittenco of death for tho muí der ol Mr Onon, of ¿undilla, maintains a hardened demeanour, and has accused anothor person ol the murder, though admitting that ho attempted to kill Mr Owen Messrs Barlow and Company gavo an enter tainutont at tho Cauidrome, on luesday, for the benefit of tho Hospital A good specimen of tobacco has been pro- duced by a Mr. Campbell, on land near the Brisbane gaol. The foundation stone of the Queen-street abutment of the Brisbane Bridge was laid this week. Plans and orders for material have been forwarded by the outgoing English mail. The Brisbane Artillery have elected Dr. Gunn assistant surgeon of the corps. A sale of Crown Lands at lui0ulpa Bulimba and Oxley was held by Mr Arthur Martin on A\ ednesdny Uto Bazaar, m aid of tho South Brisbane Church of Ln¡,land, was continued on Monday and lucsdnijund a lal go contribution to tho building fund realised Considerable quintitics of bicadstuds aro ad i is«! to the Southern colonies horn A'alparatso and Culilormtt Hie lender m tho attempt at bank lobbery at Collingwood, near Molbourne, has beon scnleuccd to death Last Sunday, a Chinaman was reccnodinto tho Christian communion by tho Rov J AV Hoare On Monday evening, the Temporáneo Associ ation of Brisbano gai o a concert in the School of Arts From July 23 to July 30 PAULIAJITM has had a heavy week of it, and lion menibors of both Houses liai o oi iticed a piniscworthy alacrity to proceed with tho busi ness of tho country In tho Council the Hon Western Woods Mniungo laws Amendment Bdl was adiauccd through committeo with a fow amendments, and the Licensed Auctioneers Bill, the Savings Banks Bill, tho Trado Marks Bill, and th« Grammar Schools BUL war« read a third timo im 1 pa«<cd A Bill lo Amend tho I Jury Laws was nitioliiced by the lion T Bramston, the ministeiid lepiesjiititne and' has been read a secon I time lb,, only other-] mattet of impórtame discussed m the L ppei ' House WAS the mes t0c from tho Wmbli o i I tho sttb]cct of the uppointiiicnt ot a joint coiiiiuttteo upon Hie upo-t of the Put hument Budines Commis ton bit 111. debate is not iel coultulcl In the assembly luesdivaul Wclne In wire field ellis Hie report of the scle I co liintttce appointed to onqiiuo into Hie eiiciimsliticcs attcn ling the reliuii of Air fordan Ht Q iccnslund Lmigiii tion agent fiom Liiglml w is biought up by Mr Mid LU-it lite lion incmboi spoko at length upon the muss of LU denco tuleen and cub note 1 to enlist the sTinp itlnes of tho Ho i c ni his d sno to a tor soiuoe\pies«ious m Hie icpoit wliic-h Mi Joidiin thoujit leflectel upon linn lite Colonial Secielaiy e\picsstd lu-, opinion that the objec tiona taken bl Mi Joiditn weio linolous and undignified mel ho tnistil Hi a Hut gentle man s fi lends would a li isL linn to a more l eason able courso of conduct 1 xcept on thoso tiilhng petsotial matters the niujoiily of bon monibeis on both siehs of the llotiao wen satislled with the icpoit und boro tcstimoni to Mr Jordans efficiency nu I con cicntiou ne s uni supported the iccointnen hil ton th it that gentleman should return to LnJ in 1 in (he soi nee of tho coloni Mi Pttji, bon oi ei move I that the rcpoitbe lefeiielto ii committee of tho wholo House foi the i custon of these poitious to windi it was know n Mi Tot lan objet te 1 Hie debile was n l-oiiincl till the. iuAt IIILJII an! nils then enuc 1 on with much animât ion 1 untitally the nunn Imnit nat, with li mu but lliiicupon Mi Bell with ade ne to act as a mediatoi pioposod that the lcpoi t alto dil be leferred buck to the committee lln Coloni ii Secietnii took occasion at Ibis st ige to s i\ tint the goioinmciit wold 1 accept ol nothing but tile repoit ni its entnily lind iilutoiu the con sequemos-the ii sign it ion ol lumstlf and col leagues oi the loss ot the sen lees ol Mi loi lim ' who had ceilauili not u«suuitl ii po it ian windi us a sdi uni. of the ao\ciuiueiil ne shoul I lune dine -they wcro pup ned lo mem them Vftet t-omo fuilliu debite Hie question was put and the icpoit was ti topic el by 16 to 9 lolcs Spc illation his since been life as to ii bethel Mi Joi lui will bo seul homo und who is the most lil eli mm to succeed him if ho shoul 1 not Sei el ii uimcs hin o been mentioned bul nono upon lchible uulhority Amongst thom uns Lint of Mi Coxen « ho took occasion m the Uouse y est« lui lo disclaim any intention of incepting the bulb which nobody tim say yet for cell ntl is i u'mt the Inniugi ition Bill biiaed on tho rcco nmi mint tons ot tho committee his been le 11 a lu Illino Hie icpoit of Iho committee of I lections and Qualification«on the list At u ano i de lion was bioiightupycstci lui au I it decl ned Hint tim election was iiiiahd an 1 Hint the se it ol Mi W 1 Ivennoly is lie mt lhoyn rnment iddiliontil Aleinbtis Hill was rea 1 a secon 1 time ic-.tci lui upon n illusion ol 19 lo 2 lotes Iho Muuictpihtics Bill was uti lei (onsi Iel ilion in commitleu of the whole yisterduy aullo lay Ptoguss his been ma lo with the cut unit s tho lotes lol the li cusin LI S sud the Alloiuei Qciicial s dcpiutincuts li lung been passe 1 n it Iiottt sei tous opposition bei 11 al ollie i multéis of uilorcst linio been be foro the Assembly On the motion of Di Challiiioi a resolution bus been passed to rodillo tho duty upon miinufaclui ed tobacco ono half A select lonimtttco lins bun appointed, upon the action of the goiciument to onqune into the Ijusbutio hi tilge conti iel A petition fiom Di Ling n us picsctitol pr íy tug some rcco0iution of Ins set i lies in the cause of sepal allon Tho Sttpt erne Com t mis engaged to day in the healing of a mat tel ni which tho profes moimi icputution and public ehutuetei ol the Secretan foi Liais uni Woils aie miolicl It 19 iiimccL-.saiy bete to state pillie ill tis, Hiero being u deluded icpoit m another column Mt W K Mucnibh solicit oi bus been np pointed a coinmissiouei of Hie i-upi ellie Couit of Victoitu for taking iilhiliiiilsm this city lheshcitll bus proceeded lo toowoomba to bo ptcsout tit the execution of the niiiideior lilli lue, which is iippomtel lo tuko place in that town on Monday neil Au ailinn of file w is iiuscd in the elly about midnight on Woihiisdin bul happily it tin ned out to be nolhing wois tlntii bin mg oil Hi timber on «OHIO lund winch is being eleni ed lo the wesliiaid of JindiatiL iho Atisliahau lut Boy hasitsilcd Bus bane, and altiiicts lo his leiccs clouds of spcclntoiB, who yua m woutlet on his ' loo solid flesh " His tige is filtcen yea», his ivetdil twenty Bix. stone' Iho Hoi Mi Rumsey beult- about toretuo fiom his iniiiiBtiy in Ipswich his con0iigillon lino picscnlod linn willi ti linn lsoiito tcstimo mai anil L150 in cadi Mr bhcpheid billilli, Ion-, the m liiagci of tho Bush me blanch of Hie Bud of î>ow South Wulos being about lo leine the colony foi ii ctr. ¿i uland has lacatcd Hie oflices of treusuicr to the Bltsbano Hospital and Uciietolcnt Asylum and the intercolonial Cricket Commit la iho mcmbeis of the Qucciidunil Club entct tamed him at elmiici this cionutg Mi li odet ic ! II ird tito (dented musical artiste, has announced Ins intention lo lemo Biisbitnofoi a shot! time Ho will iituin torc burne Ins piolessional cnyi^eincnts hu o m the com su of a fen weeks Alcctmgs of the Brisbano Tucket Club and of the Intercolonial Match Committee havoboen hold during the week for the settlement ol allatrs in closing the session At a special meeting of the Queensland Steam Nougution Company, held yesterday m Bris baño Messrs Prince and Aloody wei o elcLled tltrectois lo sit on the Sydney local bouicl Iho wteck of tho Warren Goddard was on Tuesday sold as it lay stranded on Moleton Island, for £212 llicte has been apante m tho southam flour murkct, tho eileel of which is that tho price ol bieudetull H on the decline in Busliuue Mia Joshua Jeays the wife of Hie may oi of Bnsounc died cully this week, and nus buried on Wednesday Ibu Bu/uur in aid of tho South Bnsbano Church realised £211 Os 8d , fiom windi only £2112s Od has boon deducted for ovpenscs Iho ' free soilers who baie long dwelt in tents m tho itcmity of the guol were, on Wed ncselay, mado to 'moioon by tho pohco and gue up the lund they occtiptod to the owners A lady fell down Ann street cutting, near the Presbyterian Church, a few evenings ugo and was seioroly injured Tho eotincd of tho Queensland Acoli nattsa tion ¡society held a meeting on Monday, and transacted some lory interesting business lltcro has boon a recurrence of floodB in Vic tona and tho loner part of Melbourne was sub merged by the rising ot the Yarra at the begin nmg of this week Captain Pitt, R A, roviowod the Ipswich Volunteer coi ps on Saturday last, and ho com phmontciJ them on their olllciency Miss lborne u imr udiacute of temperance, lectuied ni the AVesleyuti Chapel, Alboi t street, on Monday lito foundation stone of a Houso of Mercy was luid by the Bullit llev Bishop Quinn, at Ipswich on Alonday last, m presence of u laigo tisscinbluo0 of tho Komiin Catholic denomination An attempt was made on Monday to get up u little horse lacing at Brtukfust Creek, but it was frustrated by the pohco, w bo properly in tcrlorod to reinoi o the sports of the ' turf horn the high road Mr William Wilkes loft Queensland on Sa hu day Hie Bight Ker Dr Barker, Bishop of Sydney, ietumcd to his dioccao on Woducsdgy lust No sooner does ono hero of Separation leavo than another ainvos On Saturday tho Hey Dr Laug arrived Tho last of the four Northorn bushrangers, WriJtt, was shot dead by a Mr Paton m tho curly part of the month A magisterial onquiry u as held adjacent to tho scene of tho occur louee, mid a îerdict of justifiable homicide was returned lhcio is, howeier, to bo furthor the been established in Brisbane hol Tho seventh nuniicrwy of tho Queensland J Geniiaii Club was celebrated by a bill and sup ml ' por on Thursday night n cok 1er-j A handsome testimonial was presented to Air. >ci William Wilkes on Atondii altcinoon, m recog 01 I mt ion of hi3 soiriics on the PtcS3 in tho eauao it of Separation It amounted to ono hundred ho guiñéis, meium e of a sihei cup suitably in li» S3i bel fins afternoon an address was presented to Mr Birkm, Bi'hop of Sydmy, ou b hilf of an influential section ol tho Chinch ot Lugland congi egntton of Queensland Ibu English mail mis dehveied m Busbano duung to day, halmg mined pel lVltgiaph stenmci, last night An oidmaiy meeting of tho Busbano Mum cipil Council wits convened lot Moulin list,but only a fow foi mai mattcia non disposed of Soioial potti thefts linio been pcipctintcd at tho School of Aits, and ionio of tho files of ncwspnpoM and peitodicaU liai o been ltiiiti luted Mr Henry Jot dan returned to Busbano on Sund ly night, aftoi a tom to the notthcin polls At Maryborough, u compliment ii y ue!drcS3 was l^resontod to lum There have been moro lloo Is in Now South Wales the Queensland Accltmatisition Soetcty's grounds woro, on Monday, iouually noiuiuutcd " Bonoti Park " ' A now pastoial district, ¡Vorth Cook, has boen pi oi tainted It includes ml Capo York Ono of tho loonomiba and Ipswich Bingo couches was upsot last nick and tho Minister of Lands atid Woiks was amongst tho pausen gfcrs vi ho carno to gi tef Wo mo happi to say Hutt nobody was iii|iucd Ti oin July 30 lo August 6 Dunrva tho past weok, Paihamont has got tin ough a gi cat deal of business, although the sittings linio not been unusually ptotiaeted In the Logislalno Council on Tuesday, the Matu inoituil Ctuses Jutisdiclion Bill, introduce 1 hi Di Hobbs, was lead n second time, and tho Mm ii ige Law 3 Bill, nitro litecd hi Mi We stn n Wool w us passed thiough tom nuttce Hie bill foi legalising m mingo mill a dei eased wile s «islet mis thrown out On tin following tiny the Mitti mi mull Causes Jims li lum Bill nnd (hu Juty Bill weto each paise 1 thiough lomniitlce, no iilloiutions ol an impoi (mt eli mutti as tilled mg tho piinctples ot Hu miiisities bung mtioliKod Jheio being let} little on (he nolico panel loi lluiMilii}, the House aljottiuod from Wo luesday till Tiiesdii} next Tn the Ttyslndit) Assembly, on Tuesday the bill bi ought in b\ Mi Blal opci foi lueilittiling the iccovi i v of small debts was lead a seionel (tun , (he Railway Coiiitnissioncis Bill, tin seeon 1 i cn ling of which was moled by Ali Doug!is pioio'culn liugthy debite, und the motion was mel lil an amendment fiom Hie Se el el ti} foi Lands Hutt tho bill bo uti I a si con I time Ihn ihn six months iho whole of the inembeis of tho goioininint and Ilion Biippui ti i s wcie in laioi of tho amendment, win h was i mied without nilli lsion J ho Iiiiiiu g1 allon Hill mm i lulu second timoiindlhetommn nig c1 tuses of tho Mimieipul Bill weio pusso I thiough committee On We litcsdin thotepoit of tho Contniiltco of elections und Qiialilica lions on the last election foi Not th Busbano wits brought up, and it declino 1 that the election of Mr Brookes wai invalid, and that the scat was nitwit Hie Small Debts Bill was passed thiough committeo and 11ported to tho Houso with n few amendments of an ummpoitaiit eli nutter as wnsalao the Publican i. Act Amend mtnl Bill Air Blakoncy, m n speech of somo length proposed tho second reading of the liieiiiual Pailiamcnts Bill which was opposttl b} tho got et iimenl, and, uftot tin umnleicsting debate nu amendment, b} tho Attorney Gcncial thal Ibu bill bo teal a second tuno Hutt day BIX months1, wns ciuiicd by n iniijonty of (lintern to Bevon Hto Light Dues Bill was i ead a second limo mid passed thiough committee without nmondment Ibu limites of Publie Lamb f Bill was consulcied m committeo, anil a gi cul. deal of discussion was caused by two ot Huco of the clauses-Messrs Bell and Douglas cn dun ming to got a proviso nisei ted into the bill by which tho powell of tho bishop ol tho Chun li of England would bo mc re used and tho government and the mii|out} ol the II ouse op posing it 1 ho hill ivas icpoilcd with seienil iimondmcnU, but it will m all probability bo recommitted On lliuisday, aller some pie hminiiry business, (ho Houso went into com mítico on tho Imiiiigintion Bill, and some dobato took place on unions iiinciidiiieiilB wInch WHO proposed by unions lion mcutbcis Several clauses wero passed, und tho Houso nil louined early m tho dening until luesday noit AY tnqiiost was hell on Saintdty afternoon lilly JO, on tho hod} of it boi named Allied Geoigo Bofhniiiloy who was nut over by a cub on Hto prenons Wednesday A icidict of ne Cldenlal denth was leltirnod On Satin day night, about 11 o clock, a man named Lan Ion, omploied as mitchina!) al Hut ris' whaif, foil from Iho wltarl ínlo tho rivet, and was tit on ned An appeal is about to bl made to tho pulilu of Biislmne, tluoiifjli Lady lion cn and a Ullin bet of other ladies, lo lui nish fluids lot the foundation of a lying in hospital At tho mulling ot tho Muineipil Council of Brisbano, on Monday hist, Aldeiiniiii Stephens gaio nolico ol motton to Iho eiltet Hutt Iho town hull committeo he requested to mqimc into and roport upon tho piogiuss of tho town hall works Iho tondor of Mr Georgo Buchan Walker lias boon accepted for clearing stumpmg, and fencing in Hie pipo track selcded by tho water woi ks commission at Enoggera Creek An accident occurred on Monday last to a loung man in the employ of Messrs Garthatdo and Co, gunsmiths, of Albert sttcet, Brisbano, owing to Iho incautious manipulation of a re loll or 'Hie pistol went oil, and tho ball passed in a diagonal diicction through tho young man's hand iho four!It annual exhibition of poultry, under tho auspices ol tho Busbano Poultiy Club, com iiionccd on Tuesday last, und lusted oier Wed uesduy It wua vciy successful, and tho inrious ovlnbits woro a great linpiovomont on thoso of the piouous year 'ibu présidents pit/e-a cup iiiluo JC10-for tlineo exhibiting the best collection of poultry, was socured by Mr Walter Hill, eui alor of the Botanical Garden On luesday evening, tho first leeturo of tho session w as debt cred in tho hall of tho School of Aita, by Mr J Mackon/io Shaw, Rogistrai of th« Supremo Court Hie sulject chosen, " States and Ptoiinces of America," was ably treated by tho lecturer, but tho altcndunco was very meagre It has been suggested, as an additional means of maintaining the piofessional cricketer, Mr J Mooro, that a ratkot ground should be es tublished ot tho Groen Hills, and a eonsidorab'o amount of mouey has already been guaranteed by gontlcmon interested On Tuesday last, a boy, ten years of age, named Thomas Jackson, fell out of a boat be- longing to the cutter Mermaid, then lying at anchor near the Seventeen-mile Rocks, in the Brisbane River. In spite of every effort made to save him, the boy was drowned. On Monday last, nt k Supromo Court, Bnsbanc, judgment waa gtvon at length by tho lull bcncli on tho motion for making absoluto the rule mu granted foi the attachment of Mr Macalister (Secretary for Lands and Works) an attorney of tho Supremo Court, for an alleged contempt of court iho rule was ordered to bo discharged Messis Patrick and M'Fadden, for action taken by them in enforcing a writ of the Supremo Court at a station on the AVarrcgo, wero chin gcd at tho Police Court with lui cony. After the prisoners had been twice remundod, tho oltarge was withdrawu They haiogueti notice of an action for false imprisonment. The man Ritchie, convicted of the murder of Mr. Owens, superintendent of the Yandilla Station, on the Darling Downs, was executed inside of the Toowoomba gaol on Monday last. To the last he asserted his innocence of the crime. A non organ has been placed in the Wickham Terrace Church, and on Wednesday evening, the first tun« that it was used for publia swvic«, 6» Bishop Ttifuell pi enchod a sermon on congi cga ttontil HH131Ö, and stated Hint the total cost of the oignu was £230 itud tint only £90 lind up to that tune been collected lot it A meeting ol tho Qnecnslan 1 Bille Associa tion was held m the armouii, Bitslmno, on AVoilnosdny afternoon, for Hie ptttposo of mai nig the n c ssarr pul miiiniy uri ingeincnls foi (ho connu." mu dies to 11 e pi in in Tpsw ich It was stilled thal tho Intimées ol tin as oeitilion woicinaiery un«ntisfucloii condition, pu-eslo the ainoiintôf £100 hilling b cn aluitiscl whilotliofundsinh-ind-howc I adelicieitey of£20 Iho Allstrulasiiiii Steam ¿i nug ilion Compiny bino lowered the fuies lo mid fiom Sydney and Biisbuno, to less than half tho i Intliei to charged Tito reduction is mudo in i onsi quenco ol the Queensland Steam I\aiiDtition Coiupiini hiring plaeeel a steaiuci oil tho line A httlo gu 1 na ued Jane Vu Irons who was soioiely bullied somo (luce necks (.mee lu Ips wich, died ni consequence of the injin ILS SUS taiiiLd on Saturday last An uiquest was hdd on the body, und a i ctdiet of accidental death it us l et m ned A meeting of the goi ornors of the Bitsbane Hospital was held on lhur->dii), at noon, at the Centiul Pohco Com t, foi the put pose of electing a treasurer m tho room of Mr Sheplieid Smith who rcstgnod tho office on account of his pro .cctod depai tin o from the coloni Mi Abbott, of the Joint Stock Bank, was elected without opposition A finley di ess ball li as given bl his Uvoollonoy IhoGoieinot and Lady Uoiveii nt Government House, on Thtus lay cien ng It w its i ciy sue ccsslul A Citizens' Pit o Brigade has been oignmsod m Biisbme, upon ii sound basts Atti mcotitig of the mcmbois hehl las! eieiimg, Mi Cutbusli w us elected captain, uud Mi Hopo lieutenant of Hie bngudo Fiom August 6 to August 13 AVL, mo bound to congi atilinto put hument upon tho cm neatness with winch tho public business is non bung titnisuctod by both Houses In the Council on luoaduy, the lion Mi Woods Mm ungo Lan s Ainoiiiluieiit Hill was passiel, the lüsoliitiotis lespoetiug the Pin hument Buildings Commissioner« Kepoit constituting the comuiissionctt) ii |oinl coin mítico of botli Houses ol pin llamen t, with autlioiity to call foi tendais lol the piemtate designs anti foi two otheis of mont-neu (mull) lonsiileicel and adopted On Wctlncs dal tho Du oi ic und Matiimomiil Causes Bill uud the duty Hill neto pissed, lind the Pilbil (lins Act Anieiidmint Hill nus lead ti second lune On iliiiisdu-, Iho Iiinkoipeií Piotection Hill, the l.ijit, Hues Hill mid Iho Smutl Debts Hill wcie lend a nicolle! limo , Iho Beal Ulato Inlet ile Hill (M' B Cribbs) was thionit oui, nuil tho icsolultoiis of the Issüiublí (nuileel by Di Cli illitior) lor romit ting hull the duty on impoited iiuniiiiiitlaeluieil tolmeeo wetc also ie|ccted llieiuglt soieliil otlui qui-.lions neio loiiuilly dealt with each elm, lion nu nib is did not tissemblii on uny dni ni sttllici tit iitim'i te to puss Ibu second ua line, ol Hu bill nillo lined by the lion Mi timms ton on behalf ol the gol eminent lot all einig the constitution ol Hie I cgisliiltio Council Intlced, ne sit ill not be uiiipuscd losco the bill elis ehiitged It is H oil hy ol mention that the lion Mi Willis hits intioduccd a bill Jot pieiciititig tho careless use of lire On liteseltiy, Ibu Legislativo Assembly lotcd " the timuka of this llouso ' to Mr Frederick VValki t, tho eminent explorer, foi his services to this colon- ' Belter late than novoi " This was u gnu dut titbutetuaiciy wot I hy niau, who will, doubtless, not Hunk less of it for liming heon so long withheld Mi Dolidas bl ought forward Iho motion, and Hie Colonial Se cretin y cordially eotictuied in till tile kind tilings thal Iho lion niembii saul of Mr Wnlkei 'Iho eui eel of Mt J 11tilt Hay, us Coinmissionei ol Clown Lands foi tho JCciniiely disttict and Pohco MugiBlinto foi Pott Denison was, on tho saino day, iel ion ed willi "som seiutily ' by thu Secrctiui foi Lands und Woiks, nilen speuking Ion motion bi ought foi wind in Ml Hay B bo half by Mi Lilley Tho Hiisbano Gas Com puny s hu oi pot ul ion Bill has been tcfeiicdto a select committee with the tibtial foiiiiuhtiis Mt U Cubb, who Bcumed dctet milled to distill giush himsell for his uttcmpls at aboil ne logis lal ton, hud tho inortillcitioii to scu his Sum maty J jcetnicnt Bill suinmaitly elected fiom Hie House when ho bi ought it loi u ard for second reading Iho Public Buildings Bill of the government has been passed It mosL unjustly depttics tho Munie tpaliLy of lins banu ol tho endow ment fi oin proceeds of lund sales which it possesses under tho evtsting law, and it is thoiefoio a violation of nil ongngu umita into which tho corpotution hits entered on be hull of the oity Tho Municipal Instituí ions Bill bus ulso pussod 'iho Volunteers' Coi ps Dill has buen read a second tuno iho subditi sion of I linds Bill bus been pitsseel through coiumittco with iiiiiondmt nts J be Jim Hill and tho Dtiotco Bill lune been read n lust tutu Iho Additional Members Bill uas nail ti sei ond limo and passed thiough eotuimlteu It lins been so amended Hint li gives stv tteiv members lo the outside distnets, the originally pioposoel now oh c tonites of " Duty ton and Dilby and Condamine ' Inning been squelched Hie Gold Lxport Duly Bill has been piisstd lluoiigh Iho sattto impoituiiL stages iho non duty is 'one und sixpenio an otinco,' and goiainiiiint bato calen huinblopiu nitliu multi i of the iimiutboiiseel collection of two and sixpence an ounce, mid bato ovpicBsed then willinynss to leimt ull Hutt has been collected si leo the end of June last To day, tho Bnclosuro of Bonds Bill was read a second timo and considered m commit tee Considerable progress was made w tth tho estimates of the department of tho Socrotary for Lauds and Works iho arrival of tho English mail was tele graphed fiom Adolaido on Wedntaduy oiening, und wo havo published n lengthy despatch giving tho principal hctids of tile intelligence 'iho lui fumod Aliibuma has been sunk by u redet al ciuiBor Iho Conference on Iho Gorman Danish war has not succeeded ni bringing tho belligcicttts to amicable tunis An nifoimntioti for libel was laid hy Mr J LcilliHuy, at Ipswich, uyiinsl Mr W W Mue alistci, son of tho Sccietuty foi Lands and Works 'Iho caso was lu ard on AVcdnosduy, and dismissed by tho locul bench lite nonnuutioii of cutidtdutes to represent North Brisbane m the Legislative Assombly, in tho room of Mr W Btookos, whoso Bent was dodarotl lacnnt upon tho repot t ol the Com tnitteo of JUccttons and Qualifications took placo on Wednesday 'ibroe candidates were nominated, Mr Brookes himself, Mr J Goro Jones, mid Mr 1' S Wurry, on whose petition tho lito nteinbor was unseated Mr Brookes had the mujonty in tho " show of hands,' and tho other cundidutes dctnuuded u poll An unusual circumstance in tho proceedings of tho day was that fliooutof tho six pioposcra and seconders where members of parliament, whilo tho tin ce candidates wcro all ox members of tho representative branch of the legislature of the colony. Mr Jones alone has been assiduous in wooing the sneet loicas of the electors, he having held sin end meetings during tho nook An iron Idler recen cr has been eioctcd undor the tint lion ty of the Postmaster Genoial at tho cotner of Queen and LMnurd streets (ncut Soulhordcn's drapery shop) During the week a memorial bus been presonled to Mi Prior, rc-uusliug linn to causo a similar ncollet to be erected, und a lctlct carrier appointed, to meet the requirements of tho residents on und a Ijuceut to Petrie ferrate The wishes of tho memo riahsts will doubtless meet with ready com phunco from tho Postmaster General A young man, ti carpenter, named Michael Hourigan, was accidentally killed on Wcdtios day forenoon, by Jailing ii oin ono of the buildings now in course of erection on tho site of tho lute ure in Queen strcot Ho wus a recent annul in the colony, steady and indus trious, and the mam support of his aged mothci and au only sister 1 ho newly-formed Carpenters .nd Joiners' Progressive Society provided a very rcspectablo funcial for then deceased member A giand fancy ba'iiur is projected m Ipswich for the purpose of raising u lund for tho com plettou of tho local School of Arts, lonaias which building tho Assctubly bus resolud to grunt £1000, conditional upon u like amount being raised by tho inhabitants of the town Th th» season of large vegetable», and we D yon eng glai oree une ol i mal mg, out anti Ai mu ;a- ' aro made tho repository of-varied information of ; as to the Brobdignagian proportions of cauli up flowers grown in tho vicinity of the city, som« of thom weighing as high al fourteen and six teen pounds. It is to- be desired that our market gardeners will persevero in their efforti to supply tho public with ivholesoino food of th* varieties with which (hey aro supposed to bebest^. acquainted. The cultivation of culinary vege- *v tables is in need of considerable development here. ' r ,-, ;,* A lad named Thomas Jackson, who had been engaged on bonni the cutter Mermaid, was ilrowncd some days ago in tho Brisbane,'near tile Seventeen Milo Rooks, Tho master of the cutler, Richard Stratford, bravoly leaped over- board to save tho poor boy ; but ho was unsuc- cessful, and, indeed, ran great risk of losing his omi life. Tho coroner's jury brought in a ver- dict of accidental death, undi expressed thoir high souse of Stratford's courage and humanity. A tiilmited company of actors from Sydnoy, including tho Brothers Youngo, have engaged tho School of Arts for tho purpose of giving a series of dramatic representations. The Ipswich Grammar School is in a very flourishing condition. Tho present quarter commenced' with Bixty-soven pupils ¡ and in view of a further increase of the numbers, aj> raugemonts have been niado for erecting addi- tions to tho present handsome building. When will tho people of Brisbane recover from their lethargy, und sot about establishing » Grammar School m the metropolis P As some of Mr. Jordan's friends wer« de- sirous to put him in nomination for the repre- sentation of the eity, ho very Jiruily intimated that ho would not only not bo a pori'^ *° »U0D-» proceeding, but that oven if elcoted h»" mu,t declino taking a seat in tho Assembly. Tho weather since Friday last has been Ter/ inclement. For threo or lour days there was incessant rain over a largo oxtent of country, the Bromer being Hooded, iiutl tho Brisbano conse- quently ni a " fresh ¡ " and then succeeded chil- ling westerly gales. There was a promise of a chango for tho better to- day. On Monday evening Iho Gentian inhabitant« ol' Brisbiiuo held a meeting, the object of which was lo consider how they could best.oxpross thoir sympathy with their country-moil at home w ho uro lighting tho bailies ol' Schleswig- Hol- stein. It was resolved to multo a subscription in favor of iho w illowa and orphans of the fallon, and to forward tho sumo to Duke Ernest, of Saxo- Coburg, President of the Gorman National Association, for distribution. A meeting .was hold on Monday ovoning, in tho School ol' Arts, foi- the purpose of eliciting au oeprc'sstou of public opinion upon the Immi- gration Bill now before the Legislative Assembly. Several resolutions vvci-o' passed nlliruiing the tlcsirnbleiieas of sound legislativo action for I securing to tho colony u constant stream of im {l| migration, unobstructed by tho " vulgar checks" ,|( propojed by the government! and, thereby, re g.imtng the servie-os of Mr. Jordan at home. The resolutions nero ull icry proper, and'will, no doubt, us they should, recoivo tho favorable con- sideration ol' tho government ; but it is shrewdly thought that public opinion might be more ade- quately oppressed ii the business ol getting up meetings in Brisbano and addressing thom wore not allowed ao often to fall into the hands of an " inevitable few" self-elected monopolist« of j disinterestedness and patriotism. Persons who jj aro superior to local prepossessions must have a poor opinion of the citizens generally when they lind them submitting overy political and social question to the censorship of tho same set of individuals, some of whom get into prominent positions by forco of impudence in thrusting themselves before modest and abler mon. Aa to members of parliament during session taking part ia public meetings for the discussion of subjects that caine before thom in " another place," wo think tho practice opou to objection ; mid we would rocominoiul the me- tropolitan representativos to abstain from it in futuro. Even if they havo " ambition to make Ibu balls, lot others lire thuin." A deputation front tho meeting in question waited on the Colonial Secretary mid presented tho resolutions to him, and during the week a petition embody- ing thoir sensu nus presented to the Assembly, and received. , Tho atmiiivorsary soirée of the Presbyterian ' Church ol' Queensland was hold on Monday evening in tho Ann-street church. Amongst tho clergymen who hold forth on the occasion ! was tho Rev. Dr. Laug. j The shooting matches of the Queensland Rifle Association were commenced at Ipswich yesterday, and continued to-day. They had stood postponed for some days in consequence of the inclement weather. The news from the north is interesting. The gold diggings are "looking up," particularly that of Peak Downs, to which a new road is about to be opened. That on the Boyne River is attracting a great deal of attention. Port Denison is exhibiting the public spirit that pre- rails amongst its inhabitants, for there was a very successful race meeting last month. The A. S. N. Company has raised the fares by ita soul hern steamers to double (ho figuro to ' which (hey woro rodttcod last week; but still thoy aro considerably below what thoy wore before iho Q. S. N. Company started a steamer < on tho Sydney line. ' The Queensland Mountod Rillos ltave been ; gazetted under tho new tillo of " Tho Queens Kind Light Horso." . ! The Brisbane Water Commission has accepted tenders for the construction of a reservoir at Enoggera Creek, and of conduits between that and the city. A youth natnod Ryan, who carne from one of f¡ tho English reformatorios to this colony «. an A " eligible" immigrant, by the Legion of Honor, [j has been committed for trial for stabbing a mau 1 namod Smith. j Tho body of poor Lawton, watchman lit Messrs. [1 Harris' wharf, was found last Saturday in the 1 river, uftor being iminorsod for a week. An in- j quest wus hold beforo the coronor, and tho jury j returned u verdict of accidental death. t, Tho caso of the ship Vernon, seized in virtue .' of a bottomry bond, is still beforo the Vice- * I, Admiralty Court. **. By way of California, news from the American States to the 8th June has reached Sydney. There can be no question that the Federals were getting the best of the war - in Virginia, in Georgia, and in South Carolina; but all this you will have. before you. Amongst the items of news from California is a telegraphic report from British Columbia, of a massacre by the Indians. Here it is :- "The Victoria Chronicle of the 1st gives an account of the massacre of the McDonald party (of nine men) by Indians, when near Pershoe Lake. Two friendly Indians in- formed thom that all the whites at the lake and on the Waddington trail had been murdered, and warned them to turn back. McDonald dis believing their statement, continued his course, and was shortly afterwards met and attacked by a very large body of Cholcoateni. The devoted little party could make no effective resistance, and were soon slain and most shockingly muti- lated. The Indians who warned McDonald of danger brought news of this latest msssacr to Governor Seymour at Bute Inlet." AMOKOST thopnssengors on Sunday from Syd* ney, pot- tho Telegraph, was Mr. Frederick ïouugo, a gentleman who has for the past eight years udded to tho intellectual gratification and amuaoment of auJiouoes in tho southern colo- nies. Tho position hu has attained, with'his brother, Mr. R. Youngo-tlio first as an inimi- table corak) actor, and tho latter as a tragedian, -cutitlos thom to sustain their position as the flrst representativos of coraody and tragedy ia theso colonies. The other member« of the oom. pany aro expected to arrive by tho Cit/of Bris- bane this ovoning. The School of Aru'belng cngagod during the week for a baiaar, we are elad to announce that the fine hall MOeafo ¿r«oted by Alderman Martín, adjaewit to hu auction rooms, has been placed at th« disposal ol' Messrs. ïoungo and Company. They are to mako thoir first appearance on Thuriday even-; iug, and will perform on the two following' evenings in totally diiferent characters. We anticipate that the building will bo crowded. A plan or tho hall for reserved seats will be ready to-morr«w. j ; \ 