A PROMISING YOUNG GENTLEMAN. ' The Yass Courier of Saturday relates the follow ing strange story: — "On Wednesday night a re spectable-looking lad arrived in Yass, on horseback, and put up at Mr Martin's Hibernian Hotel. He circulated a report that Morgan had beeu taken at a station up country, aud described the encounter that had occurred as somewhat remarkable. He also asseited that he had seen Morgan in the cus tody of a large number of police ; and ; that the bushranger, prior to his capture, aud while in the act of discbargiug his revolver, had had his arm turned aside, aud lodged a couple of bullets in his . own arm. This story was altogether too- astonish- ing tor tne police ot i ass, aua uy a sore ot instinct they jumped to the conclusion that the hore he had ridden was a stolen one. They made inquiries quietly, still keeping an eye on the lad. . The result was that the youngster was taken into custody, the same night, sufficient information having been pro cured to justify the proceeding. The young man, as we have stated, bears tlie stamp of having been respectably brought up ; and it is to be regretted that he has placed himself iu a position the conse quences of which he does not seem correctly to understand. His story is, that the name he gives (W. N. Marsh) is a false one. He is sixteen years old ; his father is a large manufacturer at Man chester, aud also a member of the, House of Com-, nions. He was at a boardiug-school at home, audi less than twelve months ago he ran away, and took passage for Melbourne. There he tried his hand at several things, and asserts he wrote several articles ou 'Labor' for a Melbourne paper ; and that he changed his name on his first arrival in Melbourne, in order to avoid detection, and to prevent his friends at home learning the straits to which he had beeu brought. From the police account, how ever, it appears that the prisoner reached Tarcutta by 'mail coach from Wagga Wagga ; that the coach left without liim, aud he then borrowed a horse from the landlord of tlxe inn, in order to reach Gundagai. He stopped at Gundagai one night, and next day got as far as Jugiong, where he remained that night. He then started for Yass, stopping at Downing for dinner, for which he failed to pay ; and arrived here, as stated, on Wednesday eveuing. On being questioned by the police, lie asserted lie had come from Lambiug Flat. To the landlord of the Hibernian Hotel he stated -he had particular business to do at Goulburn, and asked Mr Martin to keep tlie horse iu the stable for three days, end- inor by requesting the loan of £2, to pay the coach fare. Mr Martin leut him the required amount, for which he received au I O U. Before he was taken into custody, he returned the £2 to Mr Mar tin. The police have ascertained that a warrant had been issued at Wagga Wagga for his appre hension ; and, meantime, he x-emains m custody at Yass." New Insolvents. — Jeremiah Williams, Ely- sian Flat, Sandhurst. Causes of insolvency :- misfortune in digging, ill health, and pressure of creditors. Debts £'56 15s, assets £3 5s, defi ciency £53 10s. Mr Courtney, official assignee. — -Henrj; Peppernell, restaurant keeper, Ingle- wood. Causes of insolvency : losses in business, and burning down of premises. Debts £171 16s 6 d, assets £26 7s 6d, deficiency £145 9s. Mr Goodman, official assignee. — Robert Mitchell, Inglewood, miner. Causes of insolvency: want of- employment, and pressure of creditors. Debts £40 16s lid, assets £5, deficiency £35 lis 6d. Mr J. Moore, official assignee.— David Smith Petrie, Elysian Flat, Sandhurst,- miner. Causes of insolvency: losses 'in mining, and pressure of a creditor. Debts £567 14s 2d, assets £5, deficiency £562 14s 2d. Mr J. Good man, official assignee. , PRAIRIE GRASS.—Some of the squatters in these districts are . contemplating sowing this grass over their runs. We hear of great success on the Lachlan where the grass has been tried. It is generally believed that no artificial grasses will flourish iii the salt bush country. This is now proved to be incorrect — prairie grass on the Lachlan grows luxuriantly close to tlie salt bush, arid they both get on together very friendly. This fact would appear to promise much for the future of Riverina. Oue station holder m the Yanko district has just sent for two tons of artificial grasses, which he intends to sow all over his run, and a large station-holder on the Lachlan is about to do the same.— Pas. Tunes. Fatal Accident. — About lialf-past eleven o'clock on Monday morning, two laboring men, named respectively William Lees and Robert Row- lands, were working at an excavation on the site of the new Lunatic Asylum at Kew, taking a al down, when a slip cf earth took place, and before Lees could get out of the way he was jammed , against the opposite bank. Ron lands also had narrow escape, for the mass of earth struck his arm , in its downfall. Lees, who was only covered up to , the body, was got out as quickly as possible, and Di Ralph, of Kew, vas sent for, but that gentleman . found that internal hemorrhage was going on, and that it was impossible to save life 1 he poor f el- ! low, who was sensible during the whole ot the time, died about two hours and twenty minutes alter uhe accident. It appeared from the evidence adduced , at the inquest, which was held yesterday, at 'Kew, _ bv Mr Candler, that no bhuue was attached to any i one ou the works, aud that the occurrence was j purely accidental. Under these circumstances the ury returned a verdict of accidental death, j CAMDEN HARBOR ASSOCIATION. In a few days the party of pioneers composing the Camden Harbor Association will sail for their destination ; three vessels, the Stag, the Calliance and the Helvetia, having been char- tered for the purpose of conveving them thither. The new settlement, which is as yet unten anted by white men, is situated on the western coast of the continent in latitude 15 30', and possesses a genuine tropical climate, with very i abundant vegetation. The bush abounds in I bread fruit, wild peas and beaus, grapes, rice and figs ; and there is a great profusion of game, in cluding seveval kinds of kangaroos, turkeys, ducks, &c.;, and it is even said tliat buffaloes and wild horses are to be met with in the interior. Alligators have been seen, and, although they are happily not many, those which have been met with are of large size. It is to be appre hended that the blacks, who are numerous, will prove troublesome, but the settlers will be well provided with the means of defence, as they carry with them 120 stand of firearms and about a ton of ball cartridges. These pioneers ol civilisation will number about 120, including women, children and servants, and ibey will take with them as stock, 5000 sheep of the pure merino breed, 30 horses, aud four cows, besides a.large quantity of implements. A larger sup ply of cattle is not considered necessary, as they cam be procured, at a- cheaper price from the island of Timor and the adjacent Dutch colonies, which lie riot very far north of the proposed set tlement. The arrangements hitherto have been made under the direction of a board of manage- -.menfe; ; but; on the arrival of the immigrants at Camden Harbor, the stock will be distributed pro rata amongst the members, and the associa tion will; be. forthwith dissolved. The . terms ;uppn wliibh the settlers1 will obtain land from the YYesterri .Australian- Government are -liberal enough. On application being made, leave to settle for one year tvill be given free of charge ; and, at the expiration of this term, a license will be granted for the occupation of 20,000 acres of land for eight years for £5 the rent being £5 for the first four years, and £10 for tlie second half of the term. The settler will, there fore, have the privilege of occuping 20,000 acres of land for. eight years for £20, and be allowed the option of taking the landfor afurther term of eight'y.ears cn payment, of another sum of £20, The Stag, Captain Martin, is expected to be ready for sea by Saturday ; but the departure of the Calliance, Captain Brown, and the Helvetia, Captain Weiting, will probably be delayed until the 17th inst. The voyage is expected to occupy about 35 days. — Age. A Nabbow Escape pboji Dbowkixg. — The following is from the Yass Courier A traveller, nained Alfred -Bush by, had a very narrow escape -of being drowned, about a mile and a half from South Gundagai, on an island facing the new cutting on Willie Plummer Flat. He had fol lowed the road across the flat, and" waded, through the first creek, but on reaching the further end . on. the margin of the flat, he was stopped by the water, which had become very deep. He retraced his steps, but found the; water he had previously crossed had also risen: very considerabl3r, but as he could not swim, there he had to remain from the Tuesday morn ing till Wednesday evening about six o'clock. He had no food, and the water continued to rise until he was standing in it and completely sur rounded. The nearest approach to him was a rapid current of water a hundred yards wide, an attempt to reach him. His situation was reported to Constable Luke Cullen, who immediately borrowed a horse and went to his rescue. — boldly risking his own life to save that of the. stranger. A fvnrollor -nam//) rnl n n tooror fn uccicf Cullen iu the rescue, and he nearly lost his life, as did Cullen also, in their brave attempt to save the unfortunate man. But, thank God, all were saved. Twitou swam with a line, but it somehow got fast in the current, and only for Cullen swimming to his assistance he would have sunk. They successfully battled with the stream, and fortunately reached the island where Bushby was. It was then discovered that the two lines they had taken with them were too short, so one of the brave fellows had to return and pro cure a fresh line., as Bushby could not assist himself in any way. While all this was goiDg on- jjoor Grilled was naked on the 'Island; where he was nearly perished with the cold, as there was a good deal of snow water brought down the river. Twiton again started with a line in his mouth and. succeeded in reaching the island, There one end of the line- was securely fastened round Bushby 's body, and with the other in his mouth Twiton swam back to the bank, Cullen meantime trying to .keep Bush by 's head above the water. The latter got several, dimes very frightened, and as his head got under the water he screamed very wildly ; but Cullen kept close behind him and shoved hirii along. But on one occasion Bushby thought all was over with him, and while in the strongest part of the current he threw his arms back and caught hold of Cullen 's arm. Both were nearly lost/but Cuileu being strong and resolute got free from the poor fel low's grip, and manfully brought him safe toi the bank. , . . Ship Deskjrtion at Puget Sound.— The captain of the French ship EegiuaCceli, of Nantes, .which ou the 14tli June sailed from Tekalet, near Puget'a Sound, iu the north of California,, for Valparaiso, reports that on the arrival of ships in the former place attempts are made by touters to indnce sailors to abandon them, in order to go. to saw wood in the forests, "for which ldoL a day arid food are paid ; and that many ships, in consequence, lose a consider able number "of their - nieri— some all The French captain (his name is itouxeij, m tne nope oi preventing the", desertion of his crew, offered them an augmen tation of 15 francs (I2s. English) a mouths to remain with him to Valparaiso ; but ten men abandoned him. He went after them with a guide into the forests, and endeavoured to persuade them to return to their duty. They, however, refused. "When he left Tekalet there were, he says, several English aud Danish ships without crews, and their captain were about to hire foreign sailors, at the rate of oUdol. a months, to go to Valparaiso. — MttchelCs Maritime Reg ester, Aug. 13. 