HEWB BY THE HAH. The health of the Queen continues good, but there are still rumours of a somewhat slanderous' nature afloat as to her Majesty's mental rather than her bodily health. I be lieve that there is no doubt but that her Majesty is in perfect good health, but a desire for retirement is hereditary in the royal fanJly, ana me puDlic leeis tnai ≠ is indulging inner grief to an extent that threatens to become mor bid; thisidea has been openly expressed, and you may judge of the public feeling from the fact that Buckingham Palace was one night chalked all over ' To let, the owner retiring from busi ness. These remarks seem to have given the Queen great annoyance, and she forthwith made an extraordinary appeal to the public through the columns of the Times, affirming that her health and strength was broken, and that her attention tojhfsr dptiee already re quire? more of her thii she could discharge ; what she could do she would, but mere stage pageantry could be as well discharged by other members of her family, and she was sure her people would expect no more. The letter was evidently dictated by the Queen to Sir Charles Phipps, but there ate correctionsMn the royal hand -writing. The fund for the Colenso defence now amounts to £2,000. It is estimated that the loss by the late Sheffield inundation is £350,000. The number of the distressed in the cotton manufacturing districts is decreasing at the rate of 4,000 per week. The exports of cotton from India and China are increasing vastly. i- Colbum (an American) has challenged Mace to fight for the championship next Jane, and the first deposit has been made. The fight is to take place in Ireland. Mr. Stansfield has retired from the Board of Admiralty, on the Mazzini question. He is succeeded by Mr. Guilders, M.P., formerly of Victoria. Earl Derby has proposed a motion to com pel the London railway companies to run morning and evening trains for the working classes, at Is per week, for any distance under ten miles. ! With (regard to Garibaldi's visit it is said he intended making a provincial tour through England, but suddenly left for Caprera on the 26th of ApriL The English working-classes were greatly excited, and held monster indig nation meetings, alleging that Garibaldi bad to leave at the desire of the Austrian and Preach Governments. This statement was denied as untrue in both Houses of the British Parlia ment. ; Some very elaborate trials are now being omcially'conducted at Shoeburyness between the guns of Sir William Armstrong and Mr. Whitworth ; at present, the trials have been confined to the 12-ponnders, the Armstrong breach-loader, the Armstrong muzzle loader or shunt gun, and the Whitwortn muzzle loader. The trials* will last some weeks, [for they will be tried with shot and shell, for range, accu racy, rapidity of firing, and strength against every description of fortification and field works. I The results, so far, are rather in favour of the muzzle-loaders, which are abont equal, with^the breach-loader} a little behind. The Armstrong shell is, however, for superior to the Boxer shell used by Mr. Whitworth. Mr. Knight, honorary secretary to the Vic toria Emigrants' Aid Society, states that the society is now granting a limited number of assisted passages to Melbourne at £5 11s 6d per head for persons from Lancashire, and £7 lls Cd from other parts of the United King dom. The cost of a steerage passage is about £14, so that the proffered assistance amounts to rather better than one- half the net price. A shocking aflair occurred recently at Fis kerton, near Nottingham. An aged couple, Samuel Parker, 60 years of age, and his wife Elizabeth, who is in her 76th year, have a son named Richard Thomas, about 30 years jof age, a married man, who has for some time been separated from his wife, and has, therefore, lived at home with his parents, carrying on a small butcher's business on his own account. One day he went by special train to Sheffield, promising to return the' same night-, as his father wished him to assist in drilling some com. It appears he did return to Newark the game rught, and remained their until thelhalf past four train to Piskerton on the follotying day. .He had then been drinking hard at the aricketfield, and, it is ?stated, was refused a ticket by the clerk, but another person obtained one ibr him. On reaching home his father found feiilt with him for not retnming accord ing to promise, and high words ensued, which noon led the. -non to:1i»aten his'fether with : blows, and a sort of chase took ^place round the house. The father took refuge in the stable, and the mother, seeing Bichard.take a loaded ?double-barrelled gun from the shelf, ran out of the house and called in alarm to the old gen tleman to keep out of the -way, as Tom had got the gun. 'The same instant Richard deliberately levelled the gun at his mothers head, firing through a pane of glass in the window as he stood in the room. The poor creature ? fell frightfully wounded,' and the father ventured to the stable door to see what was the matter. The inhuman son then took aim, and lodged the greater part of the contents of the second barrel in his fyx and chest The old lady is not expected to recover. The son of course is In custody. A woman, aged 63, has died at Bethnal green from destitution, owing to her miserly habita. ' She kept a small provision-shop, but would never use her own goods, and frequently \- begged of her poorer neighbours and the clergy. More than £300 in securities was found in her house, and she is supposed to have money : hoarded which has not yet been found. A Geeai Robbery. — It may be remem bered that some short time ago a vessel,: the Golden Age, sank near San Francisco, laden with gold bars to.a great value. It seems that bareto the amount of about £50,000 were re covered, with which the finder afterwards de camped.- It is supposed that some of these bars have beenbronght to London, and a 'reward of £3,000 has been offered for die detention and apprehension of tae thieves. One of the pachas -already been arrested. ;amebica. 'The news from New York is to the 14th of ApriL Altlion^iihere is nothing of great im portance in the murUryintelkgence, it is evi dent that 'both belligerents are preparing for vigorous action. The President, iby. an .official order -promulgated on _14th of Jfareh, as signed Lieut General Grant to the command ^aU the armies of the 'United-States. General HaUeckjWhowaiH&this; own request relieved trom^dn^Vas General-in- chief, had teert ap ^^inWasTungtoncmefoTfte «nny$«£ General Grant irn^nrl tn }n»yjjjfah-%i ffiggg ons campaign in Virginia j and that the Con federates were concentrating an army of obser vation in North Carolina to watch the southern part of James River, in which direction they anticipated the Northern legions would appear. Subsequent information, however, affirms that General Grant contemplates an immediate ad vance upon Richmond. Lee was giving signs of a forward movement, but a heavy snow storm had put a stop to active operations in Virginia. A portion of Longstreet's force was stated to be on the move to Kentucky. The bulk of it, however, was believed to be about to join Lee. President Lincoln has called for 200,000 more men, to be raised by April 15. Both Houses of the Federal .Congress have, passed ilie bill authorising the sale of the surplus gold in the treasury. , General M'GleUan and Ge neral. Fremont had both, been nominated for the Presidency by meetings held in New' York. AdrmiMii has elected as anti-slavery legis lature. The Free-State Government has been pub licly inaugurated at New Orleans withimposing ceremonies. The wife of General Beauregard had died in that city. At the funeral a great public demonstration of sympathy was made. A conspiracy had been discovered in Ken tucky, having for its object the annexation of that State to the Southern Confederacy. On the 26th March the Confederate General Forrest, with a force of cavalry, mounted in fantry, and artillery, estimated at 7,000, at tacked and captured the city of Paducah, Ken tucky, 50 miles from Cairo, on the Ohio River, at the mouth of the Tennessee. A .fort below the city, garrisoned by 800 men repulsed three attacks. General Forrest sacked and destroyed the Government stores, and secured a large amount of plunder. The Federal gunboats Pawpaw and Peosla opened fire on the rebels, driving them out of tile city, the greater part of which was destroyed by the Federal fire. At last accounts, Forrest had retreated to a posi tion about ten miles south of Paducah, where he was reinforced by General Faulkner, and it was expected that their combined forces would attack Columbus or Clinton. The Confederates are reported to have left 300 killed at Paducah and in front of the fort A portion of Forrest's command, before the attack on Paducah, at tacked the Federal position at Union City. They were twice repulsed, but finally took the place, capturing the garrison, which consisted of 500 of the 7th Tennessee Union Regiment President Lincoln, on 26th Mar^Ti, issued a proclamation Jl ('fining and restricting his pre vious amnesty proclamation. Mr. Seward's new immigration bill con tains a clause to naturalize emigrants in one year after their arrival, and for importing them free of expense (they to refund the amount of their passage- money from the war bounty of 900 dollars, if they choose). Twenty - five thousand' Irish people bad arrived within a month. Seward wants 250,000 a month. He expects to empty Ireland, strengthen America and weaken England. The general feeling in America is that the end of the war is approaching. The ensuing campaign will decide it Should Grant be defeated, recognition of the Southern States is expected. The Federal Senate has passed a resolution refusing to recognise European monarchical government in Mexico. In the House of Representatives on Friday, Mr. Long, of Ohio, spoke in favour of peace, advocating the immediate recognition of the Southern Confederacy. Next day the Speaker (Mr. Colfax) descended from the chair, and moved Mr. Long's expulsion fur treason. Mr. Harris, member for Maryland, defended Long, and prayed that the South might never be con quered. The member for Illinois then moved the expulsion of Mr. Harris ; eighty-one votes were recorded in favour, and fifty- eight against, the motion. Not being a majority of two thirds, the motion was lost ; but a vote of cen sure on Harris was carried. The expulsion of Long was still under discussion. Many demo cratic members endorse Long's opinions. THE DANiMJERMAN QUESTION. The London Conference for the peaceful settlement of the Danish question met at the official residence of the First Lord of the Trea sury, in Dowaing-etreet All the members were present After a long discussion, the conference separated without settling anything decisive. The basis for deliberation which Austria, Prussia, and the German Confedera tion agree to is, the integrity of the Danish monarchy, political and administrative auto nomy of die Duchies, maintenance of their onion as one single 'State, and Rendsburg to be made a German federal fortress, as a guarantee of the indivisibility of the Duchies. .Lord Clarendon, after a conference with the Emperor Napoleon, returned to London, and announced the intention of France and Eng land to demand an armistice. France and England agreed to declare war - against the power which refused to agree to a truce. Meanwhile, during these negotiations the brave Danes have suffered frightful losses, fighting to the last, relying on England and France for succour. The. Prussians, to the outrage of humanity, bombarded Sonderborg without giving notice, thereby sacrificing unarmed civiilians, women, and «T»iliir»m After two months of a gallant defence, Dup pel was taken by assault on the 18th. There was . great slaughter on both sides. 3,000 Danes were taken prisoners. The remains of the Danish army are massed in Alsen. Previous to the fell of Dnppd, the conk, mander-in-chief requested . permission to with draw his army by night, the place being untenable. The telegraphic reply from Copen hagen was, that Duppel was to be held at any price. — ~' Several naval engagements have taken place in the Baltic, with varied successes. -Should Denmark lose Jutland, as. antici pated, there will only remain to King Chris tian the islands orZealand, Fionia, Lapland, Bomholm, and the small isles in the Danish, archipelngo FRANCE. Mmini }ias been tried ~bj flpfiailt, and con demned to transportation. His sentence enables the French Government -to apply for jbis ?»»Ti-i|1«nin /www IBjmJmi^. Representations haye teen made to the IKngltnh Government th&tMazani;'s presence on Britash«oll me » source of danger and anxiety toiheFjQffl»ch13abinet f — - -3otdial~mlafioi»-«tt-again established \»- tween.^a^A-iii^Franbe.i instead of tfie I/XiOna jHum^cBtpn 'jdbjir^y^dbtedtiii^ not 