HOME CORRESPONDENCE. [From our London Correspondent.] London, June 27. The present mail leaves England at one of the most important crises of national affairs. Had it left on Saturday instead cf to-day, I should hare said, m was generally believed, that so critical a situation had not occurred for nearly 50 years. Happily, however, the atmos phere has been a little cleared daring the "last ;: 48 hoars, and we now breathe with a btUgi more ease. But we are by no. means infSi| position to talk with, confidence or Bpocnlatpj with any assurance. We are amply a step or two removed from the precipice, and jt is nbt so likely as. it was that we shall bo toppled over or have, to wrestle hard to prevent such a catastrophe. The cause of this situation, as I need scarcely say, is the interminable difficulty of the Sehlcswig-Holstein question. Another month ■ has gone by, . and in that period it has gained torn a snowball in pro- : portion, and is now huge enough to alarm all Europe." The ominous fact .is that the'London Conference has wholly failed. It has worse than failed. It has been a disadvantage to Denmark; it has irritated all Hie Powers] against each other; it has brought some con- , tempt npon oar diplomacy; and it Tim enraged ■ the Danes so much, that if they' could they ; would not hesitate to declare war against us, • as. well as against Prussia and Austria. ] When ! last wrote, the armistice had been ; renewed for another month, and there was, on the whole, an expectation that .during that time a satisfactory peace could be brought about. SeVeral meetings—some' six'or . seven in number"—have been held, and ^ the .'sole and final result is, as I have said, mutual anger and irritation. It has. been occupied the whole time, and at' very lengthened and sometimes excited sittings, with different proposals for an' adjustment mainly of the boundary question. It beeame evident, of course, that Denmark must make some sacrifice and relinquish a portion of the Duchies. But how much? At an early sitting—the last before the'renewal of the armistice-^-tbe Ger man Plenipotentiaries demanded that the Ddchies should be politically detached from Denmark to form, under the personal .sove reignty of the Danish King, an independent' State belonging to the German Confederation. This would be placing the Duchies in much, the same position as Hanover was placed under: the early Georges. This was rejected. Earl Bussell and Earl Clarendon next proposed a apparition on the principle 'thsit there ehonld be a definite fine drawn between Denmark and Germany, beyond which all; would be .Danish on one side and. German on. the other.. This would no doqbt.' have been eubs tantiallyprac ions on each'a point. It'wto. 'therefore made l matter for' reference, arid wewere in hopes, is soon to this" was liown, thatthe difficulty vonld be solved by a mntukl compromise.. ' At the sitting of the Conference on the 2aa the JJanfch 'P&ipbtenliaries; made'an impor tant declaration,'j^liich tepdeS to confirm this feeling. WKDe' they protested'.against the recent acts of Prussia anil Austria, they Btated that if the Powers ot Europe really wished to abandon ihB Treaty of London, tho King, to avoid the resumption of hostilities, would not : oppose 'a -territorial^ cession,,provided always that he should obtrinthereby not only peace, but also an independent perfect autonomous existence for that; which wonld remain "to him' of his 8tate,'and on condition: that the future destinyof the ceded territories should not be fixed without their own consent. They added that they ; therefore accepted : in principle the proposition made by Earl SusseU,';" but ' ..that jthere were limits which their Government, could not exceed. Here, then, was a general prinoiplelaid down and accepted. The. Only question now was one'of degree. Where ehall the new line be drawn? Holstein—the whole of it, it was admitted—must go; but how. mnch of Schlesifig ? This has been the point under discussion at all. the subsequent sittings. To enable it to be discussed the armistioe was prolonged for another fortnight, Denmark re jecting any longer term. If we may .'believe all that haB been said, no such passionate diplomatic meetings have ever been held as those which have since taken place under the 1 presidency of Earl Bussel]. The line of eepa- j ration-proposed ;by England waathat of tire: Dannewerte to the Schlei, but-this"ooiild not be carried. Then arbitration was proposed, and rejected with both disdain and temper by • Denmark. . The last- meeting of the Conference was held in June 22, and if broke up in angerl' Hone of the proceedings- at: these meetings have hitherto found their way to the- English Journals,-ex cepting through FrOta'ch' or'German sources— generaUythe latter; but the proceedings of the last meeting were procured .by oar Badical daily paper, probably fism Mr. Milner-Gibson, -viaMr. Cobden or Mr. Bright. They are thus reported, and there is no doubt now that thp reportia a remarkably correct one :— . The Austrian Plenipotentiary opened the dis cussion by announcing that Austria rejected the English proposal .of arbitration. The rejection was nnflflnHttinitfl atw3 (The Prussian Plenipotentiary was less distinct He did not absolutely reject the proposal; but, -while declaring Prussia -ready to enter into further ! (negotiations on the subject, and to acoept the pood offices of a neutral Power, he reserved to his Government the full right to accept or reject the decision of the arbitrator. The Danish Plenipotent:ary peremptorily and absolutely declined the English proposal.. He furthermore read, on behalf of his Government, a lengthened and elaborate declaration or minute on the whole subject. This document is stated to have been a masterpiece of political knowledge and diplomatic skill. Its reading created quite a sensation and surprise. The sensation, however, was much deepened as the document proceeded to criticise very severely the whole policy of England. It charged the English Government with having pursued towards Denmark, front the beginning to the end, a policy of inconsistency, and it con demned in no measured language the varying attitudes taken by our Cabinet. The Earl of Clarendon defended the conduct and policy ot England, and replied warmly, and, we are assured, even vehemently, to the charges brought against her by Denmark. This incident is said to have created a profound emotion. The Prince De la Tour d'Auvergne then put for ward on behalf of France the proposal which we yesterday mentioned—that for dividing midway the disputed territory and taking the vote of the population of the southern zone. The Austrian Plenipotentiaries declined to accept this proposal. Austria declared herself de cisively against any popular vote. The Prussian Plenipotentiaries were willing to take the proposal ad referendum. Denmark, however, declined the proposal alto gether. The prolongation of the suspension of hostilities then came on for discussion. Prussia proposed that an armistice be concluded for six months; Jutland to be evacuated by the allies, who should, however, occupy the island of Alsen. Denmark positively declined this proposal, and indeed refused even to listen to any proposition for arbitration, division, or armistice, unless some acceptable basis of a peace could be definitely laid down. Unless on such conditions she de clared that she would prefer trusting the issue to the chances of war. This declaration closed the discussion. There was no other proposal on the paper, and nothing further remained to be done. The Conference separate^ with an understand ing that the Plenipotentiaries should meet again on Saturday to sign the minutes and exchange the usual and formal-courtesies of parting. The final meeting was held on Saturday, when certifications took place; a resume of the transactions from the commencement submitted and adopted; and a unanimous vote of thanks passed to the Chairman, Earl Russell. This, on Saturday afternoon, was the situa tion, and the questions on every one's lips were two—How has it been brought about? and what is to be done ? The first question is nob so difficult to answer. The marplot throughout the whole of the proceedings has been the Emperor of France. He has wrought the mischief^ but has continued to make a public appearance of entire unconcern and disinte restedness. The French Plenipotentiary has sat almost "a dummy" throughout the meet ings, proposing nothing, and saying very little —ears and eyes wide open, and the mouth reso lutely closed. It was very soon understood that the Empferor was bent on one thing cer tainly. He knew that unless his active inter ference were given on one side or the other, no result could come of the Conference. Which- : ever Bide he espoused would win at the Council-table, for it was known that his espousal meant ' not threats, but war.: He simply declared that he was, anxious to promote peace. His sincerity has been 'shown by promoting the failure of the : recent deliberations, which will lead to a "re sumption of hostilities, and may-lead' to a European war. He haB now done that upon which he was intent—revenged hlmselfupoii Earl RuBsell for hie curt refusal of the pro- - posal for a European Congress. During the last week he gave a more decided indication of his intentions. Earl Covrieywasauthorized to wait upon the French Foreign Minister and enquire whether, if the English fleet wfere ordered to the. Baltic, the French 'fleet would support it. The answer was a prompt and most decisive negative. !f ' England,' throughout tbeseproceedmgs, 'has' stood alone. Earl Busself tag tlone' all that * mortal' man could do to prcBci r e pebfct^ and done it' with gteai ^iKfy^ds«noerily ;but ' now the Germans,"and anpn the DSnesj re-' *■-j-i ■ fused-every proposal that he made. : Thelost-"':'*, and corteat refusal came from the Danes, jndlj|»P_: was followed by the paper which caused: much sensation at'the-final businessmee of the Conference. This has been vexat enough^ bat is it sufficient reason for declaring^ Why Bbonld we declare war ?' Two reasons are given, or rather I should say were given; 4 but one of them is now almost dropped. The first is that Lord Palmerston and Earl BiisseU both told Denmark before hostilities broke not' - that if they did'break out Denmark would not " ~ herself alone. "This wasa rash saying no" it; bat there canbe no.difficnlty inproving Denmark never toofc this as a promise .material- support, but wentto war,as she ' goes again a second time to-day, relying-" wholly on the chapter of accidents. Bat tbe fact of such wordB having beennaeti; coupled with tbe .fact' that nothihg has ' come of them, has - given: rise td tnunta - of all kinds In* the Continental Press —not leaatj by-the-hy, in thB lDamBh. *Wa have been" told everywhere'that 'we have" sacrificed all our honour, that bur infiuenoe ia - worth' nothing^ and that th'e smallest potty : German principality can afford: to 'snap;its fingers at us. Ail these things "have been ewe-" fully collected and reprinted from time totuhe in the Tory joarnals;. but we havb'^ither-1 sources of information tothe effebt that the " sentiment abroad, or the sentiment abroad, has'not been exaggerated.: Thisi case of " national honour," and" it is "the i difficult plea in the robbed. Fora month ], the Tories have been using _it; with un scrupulous -effect. Every day their organs have' " been employed in abasing Bail BussSll and. by implication, Lord Palmerston. They , echoed and re echoed all the adjectives used lay' - the German Press," andhavesho wnthat they ' ■ at least ere ready—-oripaper^-tovibdicate-ifc. ' " Now,is^onr honour compromised ? It ia1 almost universalopinioiii Xthin^thatrtisu If - Denmark had accepted onr -propbtitit instead of rejecting them and abneing ui: making thBm we iF--"" ■lt—' that we were "with t whenMr. Canning made his'celehh n ^ } ^ saying' thatEngland could not steh&Fy; t»h-" sutently "with ho; "national hbhonr'' ana S6S n -weak State; and- thatState an ally'" ' * crashed by a greater onei ' But ' -Pd not flout'us orWfuMburproposals;'' fortunately true • that' Eogland, 'tino^b ; Ministers, used vsgdei "language In an expectation ofsuppartatthe comth of this difficulty; butnorapport was {iron If PrnsBia and 'Austria had r^ectei 'oury instead of Denmark' I thinV the buhlicl" ■ment wonldhavebeendifferentfropiiv! is; but we can't fight for a imtiontiitrihlas i suited us." - "'v * Another question, however, intervenee.. What ■use-cab the Opposition 'make AitttKjv* £ failare?' They will make1-all* they; can; " ■for this porpose a meeting Is to beheldatthe" ' Vawiaiia «r 'HftTicVitv ***?'«' .rnhiitinw-f' f ii a - -. Marquis ofBfllisburyV to-mbibbw -28th) 'aftarnobn, htwhich bietolntiattSitb fib';'' ■ agreeduporuThfe terms'offtbistotoliitibh'wiirbb known in the Souse of. CorumonB onTcesday, '■ > and a vote of want of- bbir^enw iretpeiSi^tqi' ' be propbeed on Tfiorsday. •; The dehate'&i;" wt ^ will jast several days; and,- judging boot ani^?' indications as are* given those wlw'arp!'f; 'presumed" to be in the' -confiienoeof' the Prime Minister, Xiorid Palmerston iritt'* shape his ronrse entirety . by the' cbanuiter of"' the debate. At a Cabinet mooting hdd on: • Saturday it Seas'deiaded- the poh^'of •Government should be a peace^policy; bpt bttv''' 'the other hand it is prettyplatolyintiipatod that aomethihgiB in reserve. Thetodepeiulentr organs of the Press have deolared un mistake. : ably for peaoe. Amongst these are the Daily ' News, the Star, and the . Telegraph. The Times bIbo dedans- in the same wayj bat it ' says that at sdch -a momentouscrais the Go-' verament cannot' be expected to' take the fiA:' responsibility ofhflairs, brit most leave them' ■' to the peopfe. -The-^oriufiy Atfoesftirer s^ys' the same. The first paper has a front-door entrance to Cambridge House, and the Beeond a .back-door. ditto;' andnodoubt tbeyecho ' Lord Palmerston's own -feelings. Put the Post, whichhas tbereputationof being the for war.' Tt says - that our honour most hp vindicated at any pos^ and that no sacrifice > most be'spared, however reluctant he may be^ to make it. The result of the whole of this' seemB to be that Lord Palmerston himself is in favour of a war policy, bat that he is held * hack by his colleagues.' If this be the oue, and ' it should come ont this evening in his state ment in'the House, we shall probably bevery ' soonehgbged in Hostilities.. The Tones will carry their resolutionthere will be an Appeal to the country or a resignation, and the' red. flag will be hoisted. ' Howj no one pretends that we' can galnany thing by this.' France laughs at us for the difficulty in which we are plaoed, and already her newspapers are boasting that French Bhips will soonhave the carrying trade of the world. As for na, we have no army to meet either " Prnssia or AuBtria, and onr fleet will ' be ' worthless, for' they have no porta." to be attacked. We have no allies promised us, and the Monileur of yester day is most carefal to state that the Italian Government, in view' of; possible Euro psan difficulties, has taken efficient measures to prevent the successful action of spy extreme party in the State. If we go to war, there(ore^ ' I we go to fightfor nothing substantia^, without ' a single ally," with' the certainty of ' biir ' commerce being ruined by promised Prussian privateers aud probably some Alabamae fitted out in American port?, and with some fear that we may be thoroughly bealcn. The Cabinet has looked at all tcie, and has unreservedly declared for peace. The Queen is known to be passionately averse to a war with Germany. There is hope, therefore, that, as we can do no good by interference, we shall not interfere; but it is only a hope. You will not know whether it is iealizsd for another month. If we were quicker in our own action 1 might say that by that time yon j might have a Prussian or Austrian Alabama ! in your own seas; but this is at present only a : possible contingency. Only one tiling will "drive us into war, and that is the full success of the Tory party, or the tenacious hold of office by the Premier. The last is the worst I danger; but it is doubtful how Lord Palmerston could force it with a Cabinet that would at once resign. This is our situation, and I am sure you will view it with as much anxiety as we do. This is certain, that Denmark, even now, expects assistance. The extraordinary meeting of the Rigsraad was opened on Satur day, when the President of the Council read the royal speech, which said :— "The threatening crisis of the fatherland, and the expenditure necessary for the continuation of ; war, have caused this convocation of the Rigsraad. ! \Ve have recently learned for how little the clearest right reckons in Europe, and how isolated we are. We therefore acceded to the painful sacrifice of the country south of the Schlei. "The enemy demands more; hut we reply! negatively, being convinced that the people agree with lis. "May God grant that at least in a certain place the sympathy for us may grow into active support." in. the face of these latest facts, the political events of earlier occurrence appear to be of comparatively little importance; and yet the past:month has been one of the greatest interest, and also one of some anxiety to those ; whose, interest, or whose business it is to watch the political occurrences of the time. Most of all has it been a critical session for the Ministry and for all whose destinies are bound up with fheirs. When the House met after Whitsunside, it was confidently stated that the Conservatives had decided on a vigorous attempt to oust the Government, but in a few hours it was ascer tained that there ivas not sufficient mind on the subject in their own ranks. The mode in which the Government had mismanaged the Danish question was to bo the oecasion of the onslaught, and that that is still the great Opposition card lias been ehown by the con- | tinued questionings on the subject to which the Ministry have been exposed. Pooled in their main purpose, the Conserva- ! fives have continued their more successful j policy of dealing with Ministerial measures and individual Ministers in a style of guerilla warfare; so that for some time past it has not excited any surprise to find the Government beaten an some point or other. In one of these close,divisions it has been so near to defeat as seven votes, and ona quest ion on which a defeat would have undoubtedly involved dissolution, odd and unexpected as the occasion would have been. The motion of Sir John Hay, which censured the officials for neglect of proper pre cautions in sending out our soldiers, was one which rather gave expression to the feelings of one who had himself lost a brother connected with the expedition than was any indication of hostile Opposition tactics; but presently the debate got into a party groove and in a divi- sion which, with the pairs, included 561 mem bers, seven votes only, as I have said, stood between the Government and defeat. The House of Commons.dearly loves to bait Mr. Cowper, the Chief Commissioner of Works; and now it has inflicted another defeat on him and on the Government, to which he is a source of weakness, by rejecting, by the large majority of 52, a vote for the removal of the National Gallery to Burlington House. After this it may be presumed that the habitues of the extreme' west- end will confess themselves beateain their attempt to carry ofFthe national pictures from the central spot where they are jnow located. Mr. Gladstone baa now, and with some 'carried through the Commons bis acuities Bill in an altered form; but then lie Las had the mortification of failing, by a small majority, to carry a good and ustful Bill for placiug tho collection of taxes in the hands of Government officials. Mr. Caird, too, has beaten his official friends by carrying against them a motion relative to the collection of agri cultural statistics ; while the Attorney-General has succumbed to the Jlissenters in the aban donmeni of liis Church Building Acts Consoli dation]! ill, and the Lord Chancellor gives up for this session his County Courts Act Amend-. jneut.BQL Evidently we are nearing the end of the existing state of things, but there are no deci sive indications of the political future before us. [There are some hopeful signs in the estimation of- Reformers, but they are not. of a very'important kind; and if the Times' version of the state of affairs could have been' accepted, they would even have \- had " the. .mortification "of thinking that Mr. Gladstone had recanted, or had vir tually neutralized, the deelur.tioBB contained in his recent speech on the suffrage. But the preface which he has written to the published edition of the speech happily does not bear the consttucLiott which the Times ha9 mendaciouslj put upon it.. .At any.rate the working men of Fork do not think so, seeing that they have Just presented to Mr. Gladstone one of the most gratifying expressions of public opinion, in tl^e form, of an eloquently written and elegantly' got up address, which has ever been received by a public man. The .importance aud multiplicity of this month's news has made me share in the wish of the Australian colonistB for a fortnightly mail, for it .is impossible to do justice to all the matters which .'have engaged public attention, in England dunhgthe last four weeks. . But I must-sdrert 'to one fast, which will be regarded as a gyeatpieeeof news all over the civilized world.'. I refer [to the total, destruction of the notorious Confederate cruiser Alabama, within a few miles of Cherbourg. She lay in that port for repairs; . but the Kearsage, a Federal steamer .sent to look .a&er; her, being in the neighbourhood, Captain Semmes sent to Captain Winslow, of the Kearsage, to say that be would come put and'fight him. ' He did so yesterday, weekr-a Sunday—having first of all prudently lefitliis valuables .on shore. S as the •Alabama had gptjfar enough from the French coast to pvoid any violation 'of the la w of neutralitythe, action .commenced, aiid in one hour and tsyb'-minufes all wasoi'cr. Captain Semmes struck his flag ; his vessel went down, and he himself would have followed, with a number of his .crew, if an English yacht, the Deerhound, which had gone out to sec. the fight, .had'.not"picked him up, anct carried him. to Southampton. Therehave been a. godd many1 absurd - and . conflicting ..accounts pub iished—-chicfly' witha view to mitigate the'. Alabama's defeatand to glorify her captain. and cre*wj .!hut the statements of Captain Winslow are clear and decisive.. He.says tliat the Alabama,"'had due "gun ■ more.' than the! Kearsage, 'and had within 12 of the' Bame number oT men; and whereas his own ship Jet ' dowmjier pha'inB to protect tbe vessel's sides,"' it was for the'pimpose^of projecting the iengines wtaena^ia^. win po coal. | while' the Alabama's coal bunkers were full. - There _ appears to be no dojibt (hat. the artillery of tHe Kearsage was superior to that of her.opponent,.and that it, was also better handled. But, wfiatever the cause, ^ the;,'destruction of. the Alabama ..will, occasion greet joy in the Northern States ; apd occurring, Just now. ft looks .'like an evdomen for tbe.South." It follows the settlemciit of the Birkenhead ram question, and ft occurs just when the Georgia has been sold. And these three accidents sue coincident.with the severest,. and, fpr the Spjuth, the most'ominous struggle. in whjjeh'the contending parties have yet been engaged. Having thus referred to the American con- flicf, jTlinay. appropriately leave for awhile. borne . topics, .that T. inay relate as fully as. is possible in ja reasonable compass tlie sanguihary events whi$i,|i»je £ted hf to look forward to the arrival of'each . American . mail , with' the devest interest. The" progress. of American affairs is alow, and their history lias been a chequered one. A month ago"and t£»e' decisive battle .was to have becplougbt in afew days; but.eeveraV battles have been fought, and not'one hasbeen decisive; X have advised you iof the battles pf the 10th, when Lee attempted to turn the flank of the Federals; and of the 12th; when Han- cock attacked Johnson's Confederate division' and captured it entire. Lee after this was. said to be moving on the North and South Anna Rivers; but this proved to be not tbe case. He kept. bis position at Spottsylvania Court-House, apd' strengthened it. There lie rested. The." public did not need, I should hope, any new battles to excite tliem. . ■The details of those that.'were fought came in fast enough and ffere eu^cieiUly'sipjienihg. 3Jhey were, hbwevey, like, u|l accounts -ot battles, very similar, ending with the same mournful refoain that . the V slaughter was' fearful. Hancock's exploit differed somewhat from the pitched contests. It. was, and is, the most brilliant event of tliccampaign, but it was TO,'jawjut jip.'ite carpa°e-that we,ariB,told the one .exc]amfition pf every man ,w}io looked upon the'fiidd of - b if tie was,"fVGoJforbidthat I shohid ietcr gaze upon such aeiight8gai£', Let me give another episode of this war after the latest news vou have jet received. I quote from the -AV/u iTorfc Tribune, whose correspon dent writes thus from'Fredericksburg, on May 15 .of the wounded of these great battles: — " This train of wounded is heavy with mud—the mules and harness are hid with mud. It has come 1-2 miles over such roads as war alone makes, in places the larger wagons liad to be prised out of the deep holes with trimmed trees. The delays of the entire train from this cause were frequent and Jong. The depth of these holes, and the instinct ami habit <>f the lead and middle team of mules to trot away from a wagon in a sudden descent, in order to escape the whipple-trees, inflicted upon the unfortunate wounded blows and jars ex cruciatingly torturing, and that wasted their remaining vitalitv. Over every rod of the way, and in the best twodiorse spring ambulances, a jarring motion was communicated by the absence of half the planks on the planked side of the road, and the ruts and holes cut into the clay side daring a week's rain by the transportation machinery of an army of 100,000 men. On such a highway, and in such a manner, did these poor fellows, who stretch their hands out of these ambulances and army-wagons for tin cup fuls of water, painfully travel—some with arms off at the shoulder, some with legs off about the knee; some absolutely with an arm and leg both off hundreds shot through the leg or the arm, or the breast, some with horrible wounds ou the face, even to the loss of jaw and the destruc tion of speech—all presenting in the aggregate every possible variety of gunshot wonnd. There were in Fredericksburg last night (Saturday) 6,010 wounded soldiers in the hospital. How many, slightly wounded, where living substantially the lives of stragglers, and nursing their own hurts, not even the Provost-Marshal can at present telL There were shipped from Belie Plain to Washing ton up to yesterday 0,7281 am told. But the 6.0 0 here—where are they? Where are they not? Turning from an inspection of the strange effect of a shell in the brick masonry of a dwelling in a neighbouring street, I stepped in my walk upon the litter of a lawyer's office. Old writs out of the Virginia Court of Chancery, writs of fieri facias, hills of costs, everything incidental to the old practice of an aged common jaw and equity lawyer, covered the brick pavement. 1 turned curiously to look into the den whence this ejectment ha'd been made. Six soldiers lay in it each with a leg off above the knee, each bedded onlv on a blanket, all pale, none murmuring, none shrinking from the destiny of war. TJjcsg were veterans, and as they were cared for, and their misfortune and courage made them sacred from curiosity, I passed with a reverential bow of the head, and looked into the open doors of the next building with the gilded sign of a merchant over it—an abandoned and empty store (?)—abandoned hut not empty. Both the long counters were covered with wounded soldiers, and through the* wide intervening space, where women in the halcyon days of peace and slavery had turned over silks and found fault with laces, our warriors from the Wilderness lay thick—and not a murmur came from oue of them. The ncift building like wise was an abandoned store, aqd its counters were hospitals for our braves. And there was re: signation and an acceptance of the fate of war fn their faces as they looked up from their bloody ana dirty blankets. Where are not these wounded? ] In yards where pumps are they get water and sit j on the earth and moisten their bandages and ; cool (heir burning limbs. In all the many wooden tenements vacated by the bombardment i and stripped afterwards of aoofs, windows, and weather-hoarding up to the second storey, they are ; to he seen sitting, and having the appearance of waiting, either in weariness, or expectation, or 1 uncertainty; making no parade of naked arms Moodily bandaged, and of bloody bandages shown , through great holes slit with knives in their ! trousers, and left unpinned to let in cold water and I cool air, and of black-bandaged hands and feet taking on a glossy crust outside the cloth—the measure of the length of neglect. On every side walk men pass you, strengthening a wounded and bandaged leg as they go, with a pole on which they lean their whole weight, and as it were propel themselves. They sit bandaged on door-stopg. Bandaged and muddy and weary, with only can teens of water beside tliem, they sit on kerbstones in every street. Everywhere men in Federal blue, and with some mark of-blood and battle upon them, walk slowly with canes freshly cut in the wood and enquirq foreorps hospitals. Every church in the city is a hospital, and every one is full. Outside of each are wounded soldiers ready to take the places of those who die within or are sent to Belle Plain. Every public building is a hospital and is full. All the large dwellings are hospitals. In small houses al) over the city our wounded are to be found. The warehouses, large and free in the lower storey, especially built for the great trade in agricultural manures, are* occupied by soldiers jying in rows upon muddy and bloody blankets, and nurses go up and down the alleys of these maimed or helpless ones with pails of ice-water. Their only talk is of the great battle. Those who don't talk giye no sign that they are not veterans, and equal to anylate which the championship of freedom may bring. In their silence is visible a courage which wounds cannot subdue." .Now I will take up the thread of the nar rative. Lee rested at Spottsylvania some days, and then did what it was eaid he had already done—crossed to the North and South Anna Rivers. On the 17th May the rains ceased, and Grant was strongly reinforced. On the 18th he directed Hancock, supported by s corpB from Burnside's -division, to reconnoitre. They advanced and met the left wing of the Confederates. The ride pits were carried, but the force in front was too strong, and the Fedgijfls were compelled to retire. This was npi|pL On the 19 th Lee took the offensive, angfplpwell attacked the right wing of the Federals. He, too, was repulsed, and so the old story was repeated—that either army can turn back an attack, but neither can, win a decisive battle. But the position of both parlies, and especially of the Federals, is not one that admits of much rest. They are in an unhealthy place, and, besides that, all the American cities arc craving for news. Grant, therefore, again advanoed, and on the 29th, by a dextrous movement, succeeded in turning Lee's right flank. This was done by Hancock moving six miles east of Spottsylvania, and nearer Richmond. The movement was entirely successful, and Lee had at once to turn bis face. He concentrated his' army on the North and South Anna, and thus again defied his opponents, Grant at once repeated his former tactics, and on the 26th again turned Lee's right wing, establishing himself three miies south of Famiinkey, .and within a few miles of Richmond. This was McClellan's depot two yeare ago, and the fact that it was and lhat Grant has since repeated McGlellan's movements have occasioned a good many taunts and. criticisms from both the Democratic Press in America and the Confederate Press in England. It is alleged that Grant Could have reached his. present position, as McClellan did, without any of the Iosb of men which he had occa sioned. He has pushed his way, it is said, at a sacrifice of thousands of men, to a point which he could hare attained without losing a man. The reply made to "this'is—and is, I think, ail obvious ope—that if Grant had this year; taken McClellan's route he would cei-' tainly have avoided Lee's army, and Lee would as certainly have moved upon Washington,' taken 'possession of the. Capitol, and had Pennyslvania at his mercy. Grant has beaten Lee to bis'present position. He has not won" a decisive battle, and the end is no nearer than it,was j but he lias lost less in prestige than spy commander: which the North has yet pro-, duced. L-ee, when' Grant's new position was ascer tained, took up his position on the celebrated'! Chickahominyj where, it is said, afottificd posi tion was ready, to receive him. Reinforced, rested,'strong, and secure,Grant could do little'! here against him. But lie could harass Grant' "Accordingly, Lee attacked. Warren on the 30ih ; but he'was repulsed, as all attackers' seem tb he.." Here there was another rest, and it may be taken' advantage of to look* at the." repulsive positions and losses of the armies up to .tins time.' T give them in the summary of the Timet, which is more carefully done, and. with; less passiortf than has been customary in ,30r. hfackay's usually frantic letters i— "It is declared by the Government—and there is every reason, to believe the statement to be true— that Grant's army at' this moment, when it is' about to enter upon its second series of battles, is as strong and efficient as when |t< crossed the' Kapidan oh' the 2ndinst; that,'whatever .the number of lolled, wounded/and missing may be 'in'"!the bloody-battles _6t-the' Wilderness-'and Spottsylvaaia, the number has. been -supplied by. reinforcements. Butas no acgount has ever yet.. been p ublished of the exact numerical force "pf the ■grmy ol the Potomac when it commenped this critical campaign,- the following estimate,- derived from ao.autliority not likely to be .miEinfonufid or self-deceived, may be found of interest, . It may at the. sahie 'time be depended, upon as being as .nearly accurate as it is possible to make it:— The main army on the 2nd 'inst. was com posed .of 218.000 men. of whom more than, half -were> veteran soldiers, , in a .high state of ' discipline and■' efficiency, and the re:' mainder. hew and -comparatively raw recruits,* most of whom had never been under fire. To: these'are to be, added 18,000 negeoevattached to Burnside's command, i and. 10,000 other, negroes performing camp duty,' but"tliorouchly annea and equipped.-- Butler's corps, operating from the peninsula, and nowallbut hopelessly imprisoned - in entrenclimentsof liis own rearing, numbered. 35,(1 H) men, ..both white and.black. . SigeL's cm . coustituting'tbe extreme right wing of Grain's army, operatilig in the valley of the Shenandoah, wis 3j).i)00 strong; and the cavalry under Kantz, Sheridan, and others engaged, in raids in .the rear,, of tlie Oonfederates,' cutting the railroads and doing other damage to the communications'Of. GeneralLee with his bases of supply, numbered about 10.000. These various Items, including: in fantiy, pavaliy, -artillery, pad every- arm known to , military duty, made a grand total of .321,000 men, ' ■ The Confederate force opposed to this mighty host Senpt believed bythoto best acquaintedwiththe re sources of (he South to amount to mote-than 150,000 men. Some estimates place the number at less than 1.00.000. Those who belieye the,higher\\] number to .be' correct consider that Lee'6 main' army is' 115,000: strong; "that - "Beauregard's com maud is 50,000. and Imboden's cavalry 5,000.- This i force, though inferior in number to Grant's, would as weiPira iii Jsnperibr knowledge cdtlm^oimd! aud, without disparagement of Grant sabilities, its; sunerior generalsbip.:not only to hold its-own, but to gain toe. victory outside the/walks of ttichmopd. - The amount of the slain in the battle tliat cope-' menced on "the 5th, ■ and aided* for a while *on the 15th, will probablyuever -be known; 'but that thp' statement1 current -last* week,- and for wassupjiressed. that the-totailosseswereootfaf short of 70.000 was not much, if ataU, exaggerated,: may bp surmised: from .-the following authentic figures, madp up on the 115th of this month, wiien the army rested from its labours, and its eom mander took advantage of (he stato of theyoads to recruit. On that under treatment at the temnorajy hospitals of The Wilderness and Chancclloreville was ... 2,410 At Fredericksburg, where every house, as well as the pathway of the streets, were full At Alexandria At Washington At Georgetown At Baltimore and other cities northward... Total wounded 33,800 This was at the end of three decisions of tile present campaign. G rant now sought to detach Lee from his last resting-place, and ; accordingly on the 3rd June attempted to cross 1 the Cbickahominy. He was repulsed, however, ; with a loss of 2,000 (and some say of 6,000) men. With small engagements of the two or three days up to the 3rd there is no doubt that Grant lost some 7,500 men altogether. | It was clear that Lee was in an advantageous \ position, and that he could not be dislodged by assault. Next the news came that he was about to commence siege operations against Lee; but this does not seem to be correct, for we have now the intelligence that on the 13tli j Grant transferred his base of operations to the James River, and that he has dispatched a j strong force under Sheridan, who is to join | Hernberin cutting off Lee's communication with Tennessee and Eastern Virginia, from i whence he derives his supplies. Here the last ; news ends. j You will see from this history that Grant has b.een compelled to change his tactics. He bad imagined that bold and continued lighting would win. He believed in throwing himself upon Lee day after day, with the whole weight of his army and crushing him—if he could. But be could not, and Lee is probably now quite as strong as he was at the commence ment of the campaign. Grant is scarcely if anything weaker, but he has not succeeded, and his only boast, if it can be called one, has not been realized. He said that be would carry on the war in the line in which lie com menced, but he has been compelled to change it more than once in four or five weeks. At present Richmond seems to be as far off as ever, and the eud pf the war no nearer, i?or no progress is made in other districls. Sige), in Shenandoah Valley, has been utterly unsuccessful, and ho has been relieved of his command, Butler, thp boaster, is cooped up and guarded by Beauregard, and cannot move an inch. These two meii, it will be remem bered, were to havo co-operated with Grant, but instead of strengthening they have weakened him. Butler has fought with greeat vigour and resolution, hut lip has pot won, and cannot dis pose of his troops to any advantage. ^.11 lyia late operations have been defensive, bnt some of them have been bold, and so far successful. Thus Filzburg Lee attacked him and demanded his surrender. Butler seat out bis black guard of negroes, and the negroes drove back the spn of Lee and the flower of the Con federate cavalry. Sherman, also, who operating in Georgia, does not seem to Operate with* much cfilct. Johnston j has been flying from him now for more than j a month, if we are to credit all accounts ; but Sherman is not yet at Atatanta, and Johnson has not yet been come up with. There is confidence, however, in Sherman's movements; and although Johuson has now gathered together, as he has moved on, a larger army than that with which lie commenced, it is generally thought that Sherman will have the advantage. The position of Atalqnta is only second to that of Richmond, and the issue of this struggle is looked forward to by both parties with keen anxiety. There is no im portant movement elsewhere. The Mississippi is not yet cleared of Confederate attacks. Morgan, although beaten lately,' continues bis raids in Kentucky and Ohio, and the Federal General Sturges, who left Memphis on the 1st June to attack Forrest, has been defeated by the hitter, with the loss of B,G00 men, himself included. This is not the news that New York expects, and therefore gold has risen to 97J premium. Hut attention has been somewhat diverted from the war. first, by "the Baltimore Repub lican Convention for the election of a candidate for that party for the Presidency. General Fremont put up in opposition to Mr. Lincoln; bat although his address contained an unusual amount of what is called in America " bun kum," it did not for once take with the people. President Lincoln was elected at first by an immense majority, and afterwards by a unani mous vote. The platform was an unusually : loud and thorough one. It included an un compromising prosecution of the war until the rebellion should be overcome and the partici pators in it brought to punishment, the extinc tion of slavery, the encouragement of emancipa tion, equality of rights to coloured meiuJoreign immigration, the Pacific Railroad, the payment of all the national debts, and the maintenance of the Monroe doctrince that no foreign State should be allowed to interfere in the ali'airs of the American Continent. The anti-slavery declaration is an emphatic sign of the progress of the national sentiment. - All the resolutions were adopted with something like frantic en thusiasm, and Lincoln's name was. received with shouts of applause, "Of course Lincoln has accepted the nomination, and there cannot be much' doubt that he will be re-elected. The best comment on the sincerity of these pro ceedings is the fact which the last mail has brought to us that the House of Representa tives had repeated the Fugitive Slave Law by a vote: of 81 to 5S. l'his iniquitous measure is nowj therefore, a tbing of the past, and .in the North slaves are no more " chattels." This, at any rate, is one res alt of the war, and now all see, or think they see,that slavery is forever doomed. Another circumstance which lias excited great attention is the publication by a man J named Howard, the editor of a Brooklyn paper, | of a document purporting fo be "a proclamation of President Lincoln calling for "400,000 more j men; Two New York papers—the World and ' ilre Journal of Commerce—inserted this, but in good faith. The other journals "scented a j rat," Howard, on detection^ acknowledged" j the fraud, and stated that he did it in order'to o'pe>ate on the market ; bo is in Fort Lafayette. : The', two journals were stopped, and their offices taken possession of by the mif.tary, < This kind of dealing is new to Northern' America, and has aroused the Democratic party, and the case is now before a Grand ! Jury with instructions to indict if they find; "that the laws of the State have been .vio-.: lated—-indict, that is to say, the Secretary at .Washington. • -But ail these are minor incidents. I add ' them . to my fetter with one which comes from Richmond, and is told as follows.-—A story is told in Baltimore by a gentleman who was recently in RicUinoud, that the Southern . President was asked in his presence how soon fiA thought the war would end. Placing his < baud upon , the head of a little boy, not fire years of age, Mr. "Davis replied," Not till this' child is an old man." - '' - Thoilnicts connected with Irish emigration arc somewhat surprising ; for, notwithstanding., all"the recent statements about Ireland deeding the Federal artny, "the Irish emigration of J8Q3 Jell abort of that which followed the Irish Iiitmne, aif population ; while the emigration of single, "meh'to the United States was almost the same, in 1863 as in 1869, and the number in the first quarter of this year -is1 less-than art the same the year before the war began. It is < noticed that 46 per cent, oftho American emigrants went out in steamers—a great and advantageous change in respect" to mortality arid in o'rher respects: 1 The Irish emigrants ItUve. beep-, largely, ^assisted ,by .remittances from their friends in the colonies, and of; the Australian and.New'Z/aland emigrants 41,35 Iwent orit Ion'-their' own resources, and 11,700 obtained passage certificates or money through their fricuds in. the oolonies, or were 'otherwise assisted out of the ^publlc fands. ' The ConimissionerB last "year .sent out 4,131 Single women to Australiaj but the position of ' respectable serrants in thisoountry is so favour able that-it is impose ible«to see ure as' jnany as the'cblonists call for. " , , . :The "Times, in an article on the Commis sion ere' Beport, justly praises it as "an excellent example of statistical enquiry,'especially for lis patient- analysis of the: causes: of emigration. Ueferring to the emigration |to America, it disputes Professor" Qoldwin Smith's..;theory that emigrants prefer 'America because it is an emancipated country, and says that it is the neefssaiy cost of emigration -to-the Australian colonies which forces, the poorer emigrants tp go to America orCanada; *It ° also temarks Ph .the success of tije legislation relative, to the. regulations "for passenger ships. i At the receht'ahhual meeting of the "National Colonial Emigration Society, the Rev. R. Croft pointed out that Jt. could not be too widely known' that, through" .the medium , of die, Society, persons could emigrate to Australia aa cheaply asrtheytcouldjif unassisted,' go to' America. . At tJiis meeting Mr. Merivale was present, and enlarged on the spread of emigra tion as a national duty. The Committee of the Associated Operative Cotton-Spinners have issued a circular, calling attention- tofaets whitihj asthey think, "show the. necessity forn considerable exodus on (he part of the operative population:--The meeting to ..which these facte were submitted, have passed a resolution declaring tliepresent to be' a fitting time to -organize o general system of emigration; .jand in every locality "the'necessity: for the adoption of snob a system is tp .be strenuously urged as tlie only mode of im [ proving the condition of the working classes. | The Examiner has an article ou the acclima- tization of animals, which is worth notice iu I Australia. After referring to the fact that, while our Zoological Gardens have not for 40 years succeeded iu naturalizing a single new besat or bird, the colonies have a wider scope for their efforts and have succeeded admirably, it continues:— " But the colonists of Australia, and especially the most flourishing portion of it, Victoria, are not content with good sheep, good oxen, and good , horses, for they have all of these; they must also have more outlandish animals, such as llamas, alpacas, and vicunas. These animals are small Peruvian camels, whose native habitat is moun- tain valleys 10,000 feet above the sea level; and yet it is proposed to introduce them into Australia, a level country with a hot summer and a mild winter. The very structure of their feet shows that nature has made them for climbers, and in the level land of Australia, composing the chief I part of the continent, there is nothing to climb. The flesh of these animals is no better than that of an ordinary camel, which is too coarse for the coarse appetite of a Bedouin. The burden of the most powerful of them is equal to about oue-half that of a donkey, and so their value is reduced to I tlrat of their mere fleece. Ia the London market the value of the alpaca wool of Chill and Peru is double that of the sheep's wool of Australia. An animal, therefore, whicli will consume double the food of a merino sheep, and requires far more care, must be bred for its fleece alone, and we hardly thiuk this can be "worth the while of the stock- masters of Australia." 