It. is to "be regretted that the Legisla tive Assembly did hbty befora the de parture of the April mail, give expres sion to its opinion upon the Trans- portation pohcy of. Sir Geohoe Grey. The ridiculous notice, of , motion given Ly Mr. Kyte merely makes a burlesque ofa very serious matter, and would, if carried— of which we tire .thankful to say- there is not a shadow of a chance — jdo moib harm io the anti-trahspbrta- tion. movement than the inost dignifiod remonstrances from the United Austra lia could possibly do good. ; The' very fact, however, oi .this motion being oni the Botice-paper will .serve to remind the "Government/ and lion, members generally, tliat_ an ' obvious duty has oSeBTifeglected, and7ah "error, committed jj®,h'it is Rot quite too late ;to:correct. iiThe colonial' ;',pplfpy of'qglaiid -i'.is Dot one which- ie \ calculated to endeat her offshoots to the parent stein. The legislators; " 'of the 1 Jnother' country appear altogether to forget that while in the matter' 'of population Great Britain is/ hot likeljr' to increase vtb'ahy gteat ' extent/ not - many years hence the- Australian census will show almost as large a. number of inhabitants ns are contained within the four seas that encompass Albion, that the pro cess of colonising the northern and eastern portions of New Hol land is proceeding with great rapi dity, and that tho fertility of tho newly found territory will inevitably attract a large immigration, while tho older colonies are also certain to bo con tinually draining Englnnd, Scotland and Ireland of their surplus population. They also forget that in the ordinnry course of human- events Australia must soon bccomeagreat and powerful nation, and ono which in time of need would . be able to render national and material assistance, should, as is far from un likely, England be plunged into a war. It should bo remembered that our immi grants aro chiefly the young, strong, and adventurous, tho stuff of which the best soldiers arq made, and 'that the colonial youth who are so rapidly springing up into manhood havo in no physical sense deteriorated fr.om the old stock — that tiiey nro as brave, as musculaiy nndas active, have as keen an 03-0 aiul_as sure a foot, nnd can bear pri- vaGon andTaGgue as well as the hardy yeomen and mountaineers, from whom they are descended. Amongstsuch a peo ple it wore sound policy to cultivate an qffcction for- the mother country, which- will never spring up in the native raind unless generated by nets of kindness on her part: and a disposition to consult our wants and interests. So little have these things been done that we venture to assert that the feeling of patriotism is fast dying out amongst the older colonists, while the younger look upon Australia as their country, and own no Other fatherland. How rarely now do we hear the good old English word "home" applied to England save, perhaps, by some diggerwho has made his pile, or from one -who is worse off than' ever, both of whom having nothing to endear them to tho soil, are-anxions to go back to tho scene of their old associations. Can it be wisdom on the part of the British Government to treat with contempt the petitions, and with defiance the remonstrances of some millions of industrious -and prospering colonists,- for the ostensible object of pleasing a small minority in a population of three thousand free men,, and for really the very selfish one of . getting rid of criminals, whose management and con trol at home are beyond the united wisdom of Great.Britain 1 Surely there could be found some place besides Western Australia, deportation to which would relieve the English prisons, and by which England would deserve, the thanks of so many of the most enter prising colonists in the world. Besides, it is quite probable that the discovery of gold in Western- Australia will one dny attract to that colony as many free immigrants in a month, as the Imne- rial Government propose ' sending con victs in "a ' year. " "Bitterly" then " will those residents of West Australia, who are-now- clamouring for more convict labour, repent their shortsighted and selfish cpnduct ; and then will all their efforts be directed to the eradication of the pest their own hands are planting. The policy of Englnnd asregards the New Zealand war should not he over looked in connection with this very transportation question. Thousands of her finest troops have been poured into "Auckland, as many more could he had for the asking, . and no expenditure which is requested has been refused. And for what? Is it to abolish tho Maori race from the earth, or is to prevent the white settlers from being themselves driven into the sea ? Neither one nor the other, but to feed fat and make rich an insignificant sec tion of rum sellers aud sutlers, : to '.whom the continued occupation of the country by an army, not its settlement and real prosperity, is the slew of their wishes and existence. Such people get fat in. war time, as do other birds of prey, and it is to feed their rapacious maws that England is spend ing' her millions ; for it is notorious that after Rangiriri an advantageous peace might have been concluded, and equally notorious that every obstacle towards completing the war is now being placed in the way of General Cameron by the Colonial Legis lature. Thus the Imperial Govern ment cares not what blood and treasure are expended in a paltry quar rel which might have long since been settled to the satisfaction of all parties save the rum-sellers aforesaid, wliile it' refuses to grant to a numerous, wealthy, and loyal population a request both wise and reasonable. We scarcely know : whether the ignorance of the Colonial Office upon New Zealand affairs and public feeling in Australia is real or feigned. The City Council meets this afternoon at the usunl hour. In addition to the orders relative to the purchase, of land in- Collins street for tho purposes of a Town-hall, and the bye-law for regulating common lodginghouscs, which were postponed from last meeting, the Council. will be asked to authorise the expenditure of L250 out of the Brighton road toll fund for some repairs to the ..southern-; approach - to Prince's' Bridge. Another order of the dny refers to the matter of the southern approach to the city, and a copy of tho report of tho commission on the subject will he submitted. It proposes the removal of Prince's Bridge and the erection of a new bridge on the line and level of' Swanston street, at & cost of.from 1.75,000 to L80,000. . The last order of the day has reference to the case of Cornell against the .Corporation,; and recommonds that tho amount of the verdict with -costs should be recovered from Mr Basab or tho Giiaranteo Society, which was security for him. There ore two motions by Councillor Jones, one relating to tho system of payment to Ihe City Solicitor, and the other to an alteration in the market regula tions. Councillor Goldsmith will also move that the Health' Committee report upon the best sub stitute for tho Indicators. - - - . The probable course of action which the Ago WilL tflkc_In_tho action commenced by. Mr. Brooke, is-th us stated In last Saturday's Leader, a journal which, printed at the same office and owned by the same proprietary, may be sup posed to be In the confidence of our Elizabeth street' contemporary:—" It is, no doubt, hoped that tho fear -of legal expenses will Induce a comparative silence, which tho parties we -'have - referred Jto would-find'extremely. convenient and : which would enable them 'comfortably to mature" their.'darklyiald-plans and schcmi's; ' If, h'ow- evor, we know anything at. all , 'of, the character ef oiir contemporary, they will be egreglously mistaken, and Mr Brooke_#nd hls'frlehdsiyill'fiiid . .1 - li-. 4 ' irvvii.. that the foolishly absurd coursa which they have adopted -will produce precisely the very opposite' result to. that which they, no doubt, fondly au- ,ticlpatcd7" ' Tho steamship Aldinga arrived in Ilolwn'fl Bay at midnight with New Zealand dates as follows: — Invercerglll, 10th April; Otogo, 18th April; "Wellington, 12tli April ; Xyltel.on, IStii April; Hawke's Bay, 0th April; and Auckland, Cth April. -- The market gardeners met again on Saturday morning, nt the I'addingtsn lintel, to consider their grievances In the matter ef being rharged ' excessira market diies, About sixty' persons., assembled, the cli'air being taken by the Mi ' W.' j A. S. Williamson, of Brighton. MrT. J. Johnson 1 reported the result which had attended the efforts of n deputation appointed' nt a previous ; meeting to wait upon the City Council. He stated that a portion of tho Council lind not treated them in a ytry proper- manner, and he considered that tho market gnrdoeers wero quite as rcspectablo a body as tho members of - the Corporation.- He proposed n vote; of thanks to these gentlemen who had so ably argued their cause at the last meeting of the Council. The proposition was seconded by Mr J. C. Clinch, who ' expressed ah opinion that n shilling per drny would be a sufficient tax on the gardeners, .who had to .con'cnd ngaiLSt many -drawbacks in the. shape of blight, hot winds, etc. The resolution was unanimously ngrecd to. Mr T. Johnson then moved that tho, deputation wait again upon the Market Com mittee to state tiicii grievances, to repeat their demands for a reduction of tho tax, the appoint ment of Wednesdays and Saturdays exclusively ' : to the gardeners', from sunrise to ten o'clock for wholesale purposes, and after that hour, for re tailers; and that in the event of the Council refusing their requests that the committee take such steps as they 'deemcd advisable. He stated that (lie gardeners did not nt nrcscnt receive sufficient accommodation, nor wero they treated justly. Some people were allowed to brir.g in produce ovcr-nigiit and sell it without paying the fees, and this was. resold on the following morning by tho purchaser at a less price than the regular p nrdeners could afford to take. II: a'so objected to allowing imported goods to bo sold in the market in competition with those of Victorian growth. If these demands, which he thought were only reasonable, were not com plied with,- then the gnrdeners ought to leave the market in a body, and gj somewhere out of the jurisdiction of tho Corporation; and lie as serted that where 150 or 200 of them went, the public would follow them, and a market would easily be established. He suggested that every one sliould sign a document to abide by the decision of the committee, and if they were firm nnd united the Corporation would have lo give way before tho present quarter expi cd. . Mr Geo. Cole seconded the motion, expatiating upon all that the gardeners had at present to sutler, nnd arguing in favour of a wholesale market; and more accommodation being provided, Mr Thos. Barrett supported the proposition, remark ing that a few years ago the gardeners,- by uniting among themselves; compelled the City Council to yield one of their stringent rules; and lie believed thai a similar effort now would be attended with like success. The motion was then carried, and a subscription having been made for the purpose of defraying expenses, the meeting -separated. ; The last grand cricket match in which the Eleven of England will he engaged in Australia was brought" to n conclusion on Saturday. The Eleven in their first innings scored 131'; nine-: topri less than the Twenty-Two, who obtained 150.- In their second innings they renched 83 rijns for seventeen wickets, thus leaving a capital game, had: it been decided to plsy.it out. The Enrrlich fnt-n tlnnnfftiM W llm' mail steamer to-morrow. Mr Grace intends remaining in the colony for another rnonlh to enjoy some kangaroo hunting, and Cnffyn having concluded an engagement with the Mel bourne Club, will likewise remain. His appoint ment,- Rt tV salary of L300 a year, was ratified at; a full meeting of tho ?luh held at the pavilion on Saturday. ; Itcpccting the recent tour of Mr Aplin, tho Acting Director of Geological Surveys, the GippsLand Guardian has the following : — " Mr Aplin, Acting Director of Geological Surveys, lias completed his tour to the coal-borings of South Gipps Laud, and returned to town by the. Ant on Tuesday. Mr Aplin has not a good opinion of the position where Mr Hayes has been at work, and recommends the discontinuance of operations at that locality, believing it to he a waste of money. Of Muddy Creek as a place at which coal is likely to be discovered, Mr Aplin speaks very highly, and advises that energetic steps should be taken to raise, say L100,. by private subscription, with the view of prosecuting the boring in that neighbourhood witli vigour. This amount would entitle the subscribers to a gi-aut of L300 fram Government, which the geological department would recommend on public grounds." -' The following return Bhows the condition of Her Majesty's Gaol,, on Friday last, the 21st inst: — For- trial before the Supreme Court 3 ; before . magistrates, 8 moles, 2 females. Under sentence ;,Eoad gang, 7;-. hard la bour, 110 males, 10 females ; imprisonment, 55" males, gi fem ies; lunatics, 2 ; In default of bail, 0 males, 1 female ; debtors, 8. Total, 202 males, 83 females. ; Mr Summers's statue of Shnkspcro, or rather the model of the statue in bronze, whieli it is contemplated to erect in honour of the great dramatist, was on Saturday exhibitoi to the public. Placed in front: ol the, Public Library, upon a raised platform, the statue was publicly uuvc-iled. At half-past twelve, Mr Barry Sul livan, accompanied by Mr Ambrose Kyta, as cended the platform, and, delivered the following speech : — "I have been requested by the able sculptor, to whose skilful and gifted hand we arc indebted for this noble statue, to accept the plearlngduty of unviiling it; and, need I say, liow cheerfully I have complied with his request ; for if tho name and fame of William Slrakspcre are " dear to you, how much more dear, how inexpressibly precious, must they be to those who, like myself, have spent their lives in the study of his glorious work', aud in illustrating his wonderful creations on the stage. For. my own part, I have ever bowed in venerating homage to liia sublime genius, and do not hesitate to declare that even the language lie has so enno bled is inadequate to express the manifold claims he lias upon the admiration, the regard, aad gratitude of mankind. . That this city should be the first to raise a statue to the honour ol Shak- spero, is indeed a proud distinction, and will I am suro, raise thcp;oplc of Victoria in the estimation of all who read and speak tho English language throughout the world. Nor do I think n more appropriate site could have been found than this, the approach to ono of the noblest institutions this or any country can boast. Shakspere will become the tutelary spirit of the scene, men will raise their eyes in silent ndmiration to that bland face, that majestio forehead, that form 'where every Gcd did seem- to set his seal to give -the world assurance of a man,' .nnd feel prouder and happier la the reflection that ho was their coun tryman ; that the wonderful works of his mighty mind are their precicus inheritance, nnd his undying fame one of their dearest possessions. I will now call upon Mr Summers-to unveil the statue which will shortly bo replaced by one of bronze." Mr Sullivan upon the conclusion of bis few but appropriate remarks was cheered by those. present/and. tha -public also applauded heartily when the veil was taken from the statue. Tho Head Quarters' Band attended on the occa sion and performed a variety of airs/playing "God Save the Queen" upon the termination of tho proceedings.- ; At the Daylesford Police Court, on Tuesday, - Thomas Coggins, a . sharebroker and mining "gent, jyas-cliargcd with' Illegally.. acting as n donvoyancer. : The deed upon whlcli-the action wsb founded was drawn for the' Ilolcombe Gold Mining Company. .'-As ,the coso Is something out of the ordinary routlneol police court prac- tjee, we' give tiie' words of jfid complaint which was loM under H Vic.-No(33 seo 13. (Adamsptt p. Ii21)— "Tor" that voii/ Thomas' Coggins, mot' 1 AtWAltpli .iMi.Vfbvod \- being a barrister, attorney, solicltM, or certifi cated conveyancer of the Supreme Court, did, on I or nlwut tho 0th of April, prepare for, or In cx- I pectition of, some fee, gain, or reward, a con- yeyance- deod,; or other Instrument In writing, relating, to real estate, - to wit, a lease from the lion IV. Hul|, of Melbourne, to J. . Wlldlflh and II. Barlow, of Daylesford, of certain land at Holeombb, In contravention of tho statute, and the complainant, G. E. Thomson, -arti cled clerk to F. . E. Pnyhtcr, solicitor,, ns such complainant, claims L20." ( The Bencli i decided, for. the complainant. A ideal of fun ! seems to be got cut of the police cases at Daylesr j fcrd. Two Chinamen were charged yitb selling spurious go'd, when the magistrate asked priso ner's counsel, " Do you mean to tell me that if a man brings a horse and calls it a cow, and I purchase it as such, that the seller is respon sible ? (Laughter.) Mr Pridliam : Exactly, your Worship;" this was a 'res infects,' a thing unfinished— the prisoners offered the molal, but ;did hot say it was gold. You see, your'Wor- ship, if I sold you a cabbage, you might on exa mining tt find it full of caterpillars (laughter), but that would be your look out (laughter), on the principle of ' caveat emptor,' which means, let the buyer look out. After a few remarks from the magistrate to tho effect that he valued common _sen.sc_more.than law, one Chinaman was committed for trial and tho other dis charged. Amongst the cricket matches ployed on Satur day, was one between tho United Conclibuild-rs nnd the. Carlton club, in tho University paddock, which resulted in a draw. The respective scores were 85 and 81, with one wicket to fall. A ;match between the Young Victorians and- the, Eton clubs was also played ; the former ob tained 101, with the loss of six wickets. A man named William Henry Thomson, was, on Saturday lost; brought lip at the sitting of my v:.i v ui- v-uuii, .ti. Diuiuurm, euargeu wnn embezzling the sum of L1000, the properly of tho London Chartered Bank. Mr Aspinall, as sisted by Mr Dunne, prosecuted, and Mr Ireland defended tho prisoner. ' TIfe Crown Prose cutor stated that tha prisoner had been employed a9 accountant in tho Bank, and on tho 22nd May lost bad "to the credit in the teller's cash book, tlio sum of Lll,02l Gs 5d, and a similar sum in the teller's specification book. On the 23rd May, the de posits received wore set down as L10,277 Is 3d, the disbursements at 1.7057 13s lid, leaving a balance of L9210 7s 4d, which was handed over .to Mr- Greenfield.; whereas the disbursements Wero only LG05713s-lld, and the balance, should havo been L10,219_ 7s 4d,. showing.n deficiency. ofLlOOO. An erasure which would assist in the concealment of the fraud, had been discovered in the general ledger. Again, the prisoner in one or his monthly returns had 'set- down Mr Morgan and another depositor as having L500 each, whereas they had LlOOb eacli, thus show ing the deficiency agnin of L1000. After a lenpthy examination of Mr .Mnckay, manager of the bank, and a few other witnesses, tho jury- acquitted the prisoner. Tlib Christy Minstrels arrived yesterday from Sydney. They intend, we believe, proceeding at once to the goldficlds. -- ; A meeting of the committee of' the Victorian Phonetic Society was held in the Melbourne Mechanics' . Institute, . on Friday evening last, Mr John Lyall in the chair. After some dis cussion it was resolved to ongngo a class room in the institute for the regular use of the members of tlje society on Friday evenings. It was also decided that the society's classes' sliouid he re-: commenced during the winter months, nnd that an introductory lecture to a new course of elementary instruction should be given in about three weeks. : At the City Court, on Saturday, Thomas Morris, a most determined-looking boy, thirteen y liars of age, was charged , with ah indecent assault upon a pretty little girl; about six. years oljl. Dr Bowio proved that a' criminal attempt had been made upon the child, but stated that tile; prisoner lind not completed' his putpose. The Bench remanded the boy until Wednesday next-"". . """ 7 "77 . " ' The Snndridgc Butts were open on Saturday for (action firing by the various metropolitan and rifle companies. There was a fair attendance of spectators ;' and, considering that . a ; large niimber'of the. men were recruits, tho firing was good. Shooting will be continued on next Saturday, and it is hoped- that there will be -a good attendance so that the' volunteers may 'be soon completed in their musketry instruction. The metropolitan corps of tho Royal Victoria artillery paraded on the reserve, nt the Princes Bridge Bnrracks, for'blank firing with the. field guns. The men acquitted themselves well, and were under the command -of Captain Bull. Captain Snee'was hlsora' the ground. , Tiie body of a man, whose name is unknown, was- found-on— Friday morning,- with bis throat cut, near the garden of . Mr Inglis, a farmer, living in Boroondara.- ; An.inquest, of which we give tho-full particular, was held -on "Saturday, at Kew, by Dr Candler, and a verdict returned that the wound was self-inflicted, and that there; was no evidence to show the state of mind of the deceased at the time. ; It is rumoured, oh tiie authority of tho Gipps liand. -papers, -that Dr Mackay, the late member for that district, is to be made a mining judge. Oh Friday evening a soiree was held at Maid stone on the occasion of the opening of the new Presbyterian Church. About 250 persons were present notwithstanding tho boisterous stnto of the weather. The Rev. Dr. Cairns . and several other ministers occupied scats on the platform,- and addressed the meeting. Dr Cairns (inter alia) spoke at considerable .length upon the remarkable instances of the providence of God in relation to tho affairs of the. British nation) eulo gising highly the lecture delivered n few days ago by the Rev. the Dean of Melbourne, and severely censuring tho editor of the Argus for the scornful nnd irreligious' manner in which ho had treated the rev. lecturer, and tho subject. Mr Puller, the treasurer, read the report, which was of a very promising character. A few months - ago - serious" doubts were enter tained whether tho ! regular services of a minister would not have to be dispensed with, owing to tho want of funds, and the Rev. John Bagley, a minister lately arrived from the North of Ireland, wia appointed to preach conjointly at Footscray and Maidstone. The congregation have just erected a rieat church, capable of hold ing about 250 persons, and the treasurer ex pressed the hope that ia a few weeks they would lie free from debt. He also stated that he had a balance in hand on account of the minister's honorarium'. Tha Rev. Mr Bagley during the month of May is to , bo stationed at Richmond, and tho Rev. Mr Service, a minister just ar rived from Hamilton, Scotland, is to succeed him nt Maidstone and Footscray. Considerable regret was cxpressid at the existence of.a move ment to prevent the reception of the Rev. Mr Bagley by the Commission of the General As sembly in May next, and a memorial favourable to Mr Bagley's reception- will be presented to the Commission. A vote of thanks having been accorded to Captain Dove and Messrs Puller and Anderson for thoir services In connection with the congregation, tho proceedings closed. ' On Saturday, Mr M. L, King (the treasurer) ond Mr G. W, Rusden (the secretary) handed over to the Professors of tho. University the sum of 1.750, in aid of the Shakspere scholarship. Tho arasunt " subscribed has "reached ; to 18311' and it is purposed toin'ereaso'it:-t8 LI000, as originally intended. ' 3il_lc ' " la. consequence' of - n 'misiraderstanding between, the officer of police In charge of the Wood's Point district and tho i detective officer 'stationed there an inquiry', lias, been instituted. Superintendents Reid and Nicholson have pro ceeded' to Wood's Point for the purpose of hold ing an investigation. . — "A case of gross'cruelty .to": a cliild is recorded by the: Bailaarat Star. A -woman, named Isabella Nokes, was charged with having caused the ' death' of her infant by wilful neglect. By the evidence," it appeared that the prisoner, had : treated the poor' chlld in- |t most : unnajqral maiVer, '"neither feeding it properly, nor taking the ordinary earo with respect to cleanliness and attention which was required. Dr Wliilcombe, the medical officer who had been called in to attend tho deceased, deposed to tiie child having met its -death from inanition. A verdict, how ever, of not guilty," notwithstanding the evidence of the gross cruelty of tho defendant, was given. J)J- tho jury, and . the prisoner was discharged. A man namdd Alex Milne, nged thirty-seven years, 'was admitted into tho hospital on Satur day morning; with Ids right leg broken. The \- accident . occurred . while the unfortunato man was passing through Oakieigli on his own con veyance; 'ho Joll off nnd the wheel passed over , tho limb. IIo was under the influence of drink ' nt tho time. — . . . ; In tlio address Which was presented to Mr and Mrs Charles Kean, at tho Town Hall; oh Saturday, tho inhabitants of Melbourne testified in tho most fitting manner their admiration for the conspicuous talents of those distinguished artistes. Tho Mayor, who was selected to pre- Bent this , appropriate testimonial, accompanied I the presentation .: with some graceful' remarks, tind Mr Kcan responded in an equally felicitous manner. The address wns read to the nudicnce at tho Haymnrket Theatre, on Saturday even ing, by Mr Henry Edwards, and was received with great approbation. " About four a.m. on Saturday morning, five, men loalring Iiko cabmen, burst, opcn tlie.door of the shop occupied by Mr Aaron Solomon, at the corner of Little Lonsdale and Stephen streets, ' rushed into tiie house, nnd demanded a light and n bottle Of wine. Mr Solomon, who was in bed, got up, and was struck by one of tho party in the side. The rascals then left the premises without taking anything witli them. A qunn- tltv of property, consisting of a mahogany sofa; a .hearthrug, a feather pillow, and a tabiecovcr, was stolen between midnight , on Saturday night, and three, a.m. on Sunday morning, from the verandah of Dr M'Crae's house at Richmond. We have received the sum of L0 10s towards the" Coppin testimonial. It fa " from 20 working men who hnve been in his service — 5s a-picce from Saturday's wages." Tho Ivanhoe races, which took place on Saturday last, were, taking .the unsettled state of the weather into consideration, very success ful;' 7 The following . are - tha. results':— The Maiden Hurdle Race, one - mile beats, .was won by Tom,:Dick, Turpin being second. Lauriiio came in first for the Ivanhoe Handicap, the second and third horses being Edith Wnttlctrcc and Folly Peachum. . 'The Handicap Stceplcchaso/a three mile race across country, was won by Albion, Kangaroo coming in a -good second ; and ia tho rnco for the" Stewards' Purse; Edith Wattietrgo took' the stakes, Polly Peachum running second, . ; The Continental Journals received by the last mail contain all sorts of rumours touching the probable abdication of the. Queen, and hints about her -reason being unsettled. Although ithese reports nrp probably quite unfounded, tlio following from .' tho Memorial Diplomatique is not uninteresting: — "The rumours about the abdication of Queen Victoria are beginning to assume' consistency. To iier grief nt the'loss of her husband fa now to bis added that for the Gcrman-Danfah'cqnfliet, which divides, the royal' family into two hostile camps, and increases the confusion that already exfatod ia the mind of the'.' Queen: Lately, at a private eouncii oh the" Danish- question;' the; Queen declared that she would do nothing without "consulting Prince Albert. " She ' retired to, her chamber. On returning, she -said that the Prineo had pro nounced against, the wnr. Other similar fa'jts suggest the idea of establishing a regency. The muiwiui; jjupuiiuiij- oi liic jrrmcc or >vq!c3 makes it-iikely-lie will be nppointed to tiie post. Public" opinion desires the Queen's 'abdication in', his favour. The stay of the Prince of Wales at St. Leonards, instead of at Osborne, adds proba bility to the reported division between the Queen and her children." . Gastric fever and Scarlatina lias been very " prevalent in tlio Talbot district during tlio con.-, -tinuanco of the late changeable weather. . The Talbot Leader lias tiie following on the subject, '' Gastric fever is very prevalent amongst children in this district just now) and scarcely n -family in Talbot is exempt from jls ravages. Scarlatina lias also made its nprioarance, and to sp serious ail extent as- to .lead in one instance to four children out of, six in one family being . carried off during the last few days. It will hot be out of place for us to recommend mothers to exercise more than ordinary care during the continuance of tlieso epidemics to keep their cjiildren from taking cold; as cold is usually tho forerunner of the fevers- mentioned." Tlio only case bc'ore tho Williamstown Police Court, on Saturday, was that of Wm. Ellis, who had ' been detained in gaol for lunacy. A certi ficate was received from the gaol surgeon, stating that the man was fit to be at large, and he was accordingly ordered to lie discharged. Lieut.- Woods was on the bench. . ; At the Thpatre Royal, on Saturday night last, " Faust" was repeated, " The -Young . Widow" following, Mr Charles Young playing the port of Splash with all his accustomed liumour. The farce of " The Irish Lion" con cluded the performances. There was a ' goorl ! house. - \- | Upon Saturday night a grand Shakspcrian performance' took place ' nt the Hnymarkct Theatre. A special bill was announced, the day being the Tercentenary of Shnkspere's birth, and a crowded audience assembled to witness tho excellent acting of Mr. and Mrs. Kcan upon the occasion. His Excellency tho Governor and- several members of his family were present. Commencing with the trial scene iii the " Mot- ' chant of Venice," In which Mr. nnd Mrs. Kean ia their respective personations of Shylock and Portia, performed with all their usual excellence. A selection from the- comedy of " As You Like It" followed, in 'which Mr. Kean, as Jacques, that quaint melancholy morhliser, performed with great effect. Tlio celebrated passage, "All- the world a stage," was delivered as we believe it has never been spoken in tho colony before. Nothing could ' exceed tho forco and spirit with which this "morality" con taining, as It does, a . history of man's life — the sharpest satire upon human hopes and human efforts that has : perhaps been ever pen ned — was given by Mr IQean, and the loud and enthusiastic applause which upon tiie termina tion of its delivery greeted that gentleman, proved how thoroughly its excellence was appre ciated by the audience. '. Mi. Edwards afterwords T.ead the address which had been presented at the Town Hali to Mr Kean, and which will he found reported in another column. The scene in '.« Romeo and Juliet," ia which the nurse,- after having taken a message to Romeo from the Ipv'e-sick Juliet, returns to her mistress, and is tjy her importuned to tell her of tho answer, was next given, and we seldom recollect witness ing a more perfect piece of acting than that of Mrs Kean ns the Nurso. The querulous/petu lant spirit of the old woman ; her loquacious com- plaining. huraour-erery phase of a character whichis full of strikingpeeuliari ties, was rendered by Mrrah'iritli'all Iter well . known excellence;" The performances were concluded by the repre sentation of the third act of King John. The jiart of that vacillating, mean, cowardly monarch being acted by Mr Kean, and that of Lady. Constance by Mrs Kean. It fa needless to revert to the excellence of 'each in their riispoctivp -parts; but we may here make mention ' to-common-j ustlco to -tlio able impersonation of tlio part of King Philip by Mr Holloway. Mr and_ Mre_Ketin were called before the curtain upon the conclusion of each performance, and received the most enthusiastic -'applause of tho 'audience. To-night "Othello" is to be per formed, and we would remind our readers that this the Iast'wcck of the Keans' engagement in Melbourne. Wilxi ah Roupbll. — Tho great forger, JVilliam Koupol, i$ at the prosont time an . inmate -of -the 'convict prison at Portsea; He works . in 7 the - yard, and, is also, engaged in .lpvelliug thp i 'for tifioations 1 surrounding the 