The English Mail ARRIVED at Perth yesterday afternoon, at 3.20. The principal news brought is that the Conference on the Danish question had terminated without any good result. The Germans would assent to no terms that could be proposed, and the war was about to recommence. It is not at all probable that England will be drawn into the war, but there is a great deal of excitement on the subject. The whole country would like to assist the Danes, but does not like the expense. The Americans continue fighting as hard as ever, with the same results ; both parties almost exhausted. The Northern army is recruited from Irish immigrants, and it is said that 40,000 Irish females, their relatives, were wandering about New York. Several deaths are reported of men of note. Among others, Mr. Smith O'Brien died of liver complaint, at the Penrhyn Arms, Bangor; Colonel Torrens, Lord Adolphus Vane Tempest, Professor Ferrier, Mr. Henry Ker Seymer, Nathaniel Hawthorne, and Nassau W. Senior swell the list. The Yelverton case-being the appeal of Major Yelverton to the House of Lords against the decision of the Scotch Court of Session-was partly heard. The most eminent counsel of the land were engaged in the cause. Major Yelverton is said to be somewhere in Australia. The Queen was at Windsor Castle, in improving health. The Prince and Prin- cess of Wales were still at Marlborough House. A good deal of gossip had been talked about the Prince. Some reports stated that he had lost largely on the Derby ; that he did not like going in state to Ascot ; that he is very bitter against the German war-party, which Her Ma- jesty naturally befriends. The Duke of Newcastle is still confined to his chamber. The Secretary of State for the colonies, Mr. Cardwell, has rather snubbed a de- putation from the Eastern Colonies, seeking for the immediate cessation of transportation. They received no comfort from him. The Daylight, Pearce, is the only vessel on the berth for Swan River. The most interesting public event is the great fight between the Federal ship Kearsarge and the famous Alabama, off Cherbourg, resulting in the destruction of the latter. We give the details below : DESTRUCTION OF THE CONFE- DERATE CRUISER ALABAMA. A telegraphic announcement which appeared in the journals on the morning of Monday, June 20, giving a brief account of the loss of the Alabama in a naval engagement with the Kearsarge, created much astonishment and ex- citement. The steam yacht Deerhound had arrived the previous evening off Cowes with Captain Semmes, 13 officers, and 26 men, whom she rescued from drowning after the action, which resulted in the destruction of the world- renowned Alabama. The Deerhound had steamed from the scene of action at the rate of 13 knots an hour. From several accounts of the desperate engagement, we are enabled to supply the following graphic details : The Alabama arrived at Cherbourg on the 11th June, after two years' service in the East Indies, for the purpose of extensive repairs. A day or so after her arrival, the Federal steamer Kearsarge arrived there also, and instead of coming to anchor continued to cruise backwards and forwards just outside the breakwater at Cherbourg, challenging the Alabama to fight. The Alabama immediately accepted the chal- lenge thus given, only asking for a few days to complete certain arrangements prior to an en- gagement. The Alabama left Cherbourg harbour about 10 o'clock on Sunday morning, June 19, and the Kearsarge was then several miles out to seaward, with her steam up, ready for action. The French plated ship of war Couronne followed the Alabama out of harbour, and stopped when the vessels were a league off the coast, her object being to see that there was no violation of the law of nations by any fight taking place within the legal distance from land. The combat took place about nine miles from Cherbourg. The distance between the two contending vessels when the Alabama opened fire was estimated on board the Deer- hound, which had come out from Cherbourg to witness the fight, at about a mile, when one of the Alabama's officers says that she was a mile and a half away from the Kearsarge when she fired the first shot. Be this as it may, it is certain that the Alabama commenced the firing, and as it is known that her guns were pointed for a range of 2,000 yards, and that the second shot she fired, in about half a minute after the first, went right into the Kearsarge, that maybe taken as the real distance between the two ships. The firing became general from both vessels at the distance of a little under a mile from each other. Seven complete circles were made in the period over which the fight lasted. It was estimated on board the Deer- hound that the Alabama fired in all about 150 rounds, some single guns, and some in broad- sides of three or four, and the Kearsarge about 100, the majority of which were 11-inch shells. The Alabama's were principally Blakeley's pivot guns. In the early part of the action the relative firing was about three from the Ala- bama to one from the Kearsarge, but as it pro- gressed the latter gained the advantage, having apparently a much greater power of steam. She appeared to have an advantage over the Alabama of about three knots an hour, and steam was seen rushing out of her blowpipe all through the action, while the Alabama seemed to have very little steam on. At length the Alabama's rudder was disabled by one of her opponent's heavy shells, and they hoisted sails ; but it was soon reported to Cap- tain Semmes by one of his officers that his ship was sinking. With great bravery the guns were kept ported till the muzzles were actually under water, and the last shot from the doomed ship was fired as she was settling down. When her stern was completely under water Captain Semme's gave orders for the men to save them- selves as best they could, and everyone jumped into the sea and swam to the boats which had put off to their rescue. Those of them who were wounded were ordered by Captain Semmes to be placed in the Alabama's boats and taken on board the Kearsarge, which was as far as possible obeyed. Captain Semmes, who was wounded in the hand by a splinter from a shell, and those above mentioned were saved by the Deerhound's boats, and when it was ascertained that the water was clear of everyone that had life left, and that no more help could be rendered, the yacht steamed away for Cowes, and thence to Southampton. Throughout the action the Deerhound kept about a mile to windward of the combatants, and was enabled to witness the whole of it. The Kearsarge was burning Newcastle coals, and the Alabama Welsh coals, the difference in the smoke (the North country coal yielding on much more) enabling the movements of each ship to be distinctly traced. It is the opinion of the master of the Deerhound that it was the Keersarge's 11-inch shells which gave her the advantage, and that, after what he has wit- nessed on this occasion, wooden ships stand no chance whatever against shells. Both vessels fired well into each other's hull, and the yards and masts were not much damaged. The main- mast of the Alabama had been struck by shot, and as the vessel was sinking, broke off and fell into the sea, throwing some men who were in the maintop into the water. Some tremen- dous gaps were visible in the bulwarks of the Kearsarge, and it was believed that some of her boats were disabled. She appeared to be temporarily plated with iron chains, &c.; As far as could be seen, everything appeared to be well planned and ready on board the Kearsarge for the action. It was apparent that Captain Semmes intended to fight at a long range, and the fact that the Kearsarge did not reply till the two vessels got nearer together showed that they preferred the short range, and the superior steaming power of the latter enabled this to be accomplished. It is remarkable that no attempt was made by the Kearsarge to close and board the Alabama, and when the Alabama hoisted sails and made as if for the shore the Kearsarge moved away in another direction, as though her rudder or screw was damaged and out of control. Great pluck was shown on both sides during the action. On board the Alabama all the hammocks were let loose, and arrange- ments had been made for sinking her rather than that she should be captured. When the battle was at an end the Deer- hound steamed over to the Kearsarge, and Mr. Lancaster, the owner, was asked by the officers of the Federal ship to try and pick up the scores of the Alabama's crew and officers who were floating and swimming about. He lowered his yacht boats, and one of them, commanded by a man named Adams, was steering his boat into a group of a dozen struggling persons, when he passed a drowning man at some short distance with an officer's cap on. One of the men in the boat cried out " That's Semmes," and the drowning man called out, " I am the captain-save me; I cannot keep up any longer." Adams went and dragged him into the boat. Semmes then said, "For God's sake don't put me on board the Kearsarge, but put me on board your yacht." Adams promised to do so, and laid Semmes down in the bottom, and covered him with a sail to conceal him from the Kearsarge's boats, which were evi- dently anxiously searching for him. When Adams had saved a boatload he took them on board the yacht, and Semmes was at once placed below. As soon as all that were seen in the water were picked up, Mr. Lancaster was anxious to get away, and began to steam out to sea.-Home News. TRANSPORTATION. THE transportation question is still under agitation, although it might have been reason- ably hoped, from what has been already done by Government, that the strong feeling -of the colonies on the subject would have entered a more temperate phase. On the 22nd June a deputation of Australian colonists resident in England waited upon Mr. CARDWELL, and, reminding him of the Duke of NEWCASTLE'S despatch of February, 1863, which stated that the Government had come to the conclusion that transportation to Western Australia should be continued only for a short period and to a limited extent, requested that he would use all his influence to remove altogether this last cause of dissatisfaction in the Australian settlements. This address to the Colonial Minister ignored totally the course which had been recently taken by Government as the commencement of a new policy in the direc- tion of the wishes of the Australian colonies ; and Mr. CARDWELL did not fail to notice the omission. He told the deputation very frankly that they spoke as if their objections had been unrecognised by the Imperial Government, and as if it were the intention of Government to send convicts to colonies that were unwilling to receive them. " It might be expected," said the Minister, "that the first sentiment of a deputation of Australian colonists would have been an expression of their sense of the regard evinced by the Imperial Government for their feelings." The reproof was just. The Royal Commission had recommended an increase in the number of convicts sent to Western Aus- tralia, which the colony itself was quite willing to receive ; but the Government not only did not adopt this recommendation, but they abolished conditional pardons, " another proof," added Mr. CARDWELL, "of the consideration of the Government for the feelings and opinions of the colonies." THE SCHLESWIG-HOLSTEIN QUESTION. A telegram from Vienna states that the German sovereigns at Carlsbad had come to an understanding upon the Dano-German question. According to this understanding Prussia would, with the concurrence of Austria, propose at the Federal Diet that the German Confederation should declare war against Denmark. The semi- official journal of Berlin says:-"The fortnight's prolongation of the armistice, which was agreed to at the sitting of the Conference of the 6th of June, expires on the 25th, so that hostilities will recommence on the 26th, and not on the 27th of June. Prince Albert of Prussia was to leave Berlin on June 25 for the headquarters of the army in the Duchies, in consequence of a telegram sent by the King of Prussia from Carlsbad. The Danish envoy at London has announced to Earl Russell that the blockade of the German ports would be resumed to-day, June 27. AMERICA. Our latest advices from New York are to June 15. The army of the Potomac had again changed its front; and while leaving enough force in entrenchment's in front of General Lee's inexpugnable position, had shifted its centre of operations from the north-east to the south- east of Richmond. This brings Grant into im- mediate contiguity with Butler's army, which is in a strongly fortified position at Bermuda Hundred, a peninsula on the James River, and gives him the support of the Federal gunboats and Monitors. The only danger in the case was that Lee may break through the Federal lines on the Chickahominy, now weakened by the charge of front, and make a rapid dash on Washington. In the meanwhile the Federal General Burbidge has defeated the Confederate guerilla chief Morgan, and taken from him 1,000 horses, after killing 600 men ; but, on the other hand, the Federal General Sturgiss, in command of the Memphis expedition, has been defeated by the Confederate General Forrest, in Tennessee, with great loss of artillery and men. Sturgiss was killed in the action. The Federal General Sherman, however, keeps on the advance in Georgia, and is now in face of the Confederate force under Johnston, within a few miles of Atlanta, the capital of that State. A severe battle was, therefore, hourly expected at the last dates, as both armies were within 500 yards of each other. A battle is also be- lieved to have taken place between the rear guard of Grant's army during the operation of changing his base, and the Confederate forces before Richmond. It is in favour of the Fe- derals that the army under General Hunter had succeeded in forming a junction with that under General Crook, at Stanton, West Virginia. 