READY FOR WAR. In the present complications of European politics and with a great war poBsibly im pending, the state of the English forces is a matter of no small moment to every portion of the British empire. Much depends on England's preparedness to take her proper place and to do her proper work in Europe Bhould the war which seemed imminent when our last news left really take place. It is known that great efforts have been put forth siace the close of the Crimean war to place the forces, both naval and military, on a proper footing. Large annual votes of money have been made for this purpose, and the result on the whole must bo regarded as highly satisfactory. The strength of England must always lie in her navy. Her i&sular; situation and th? extent of her commerce make a large and powervul navy a necessity ; aud it would be a sad mil fortune for her if ever — no matter from what cause — she were to allow any-other nation to obtain the superiority over her in this impor tant arm of her service. Immense improve ments hi the English navy have been male of late yeaw, and now she has a fleet which perhaps has never been equalled in the history of the world. In the Army and Navy Gazelle for June 25, there is an able, interesting, and seasonable article giving the present strength of the forces, saval and military, which few Englishmen in any part of the world can read without satis faction:— 'The naval force which we have at hand, and which could be sent to sea imme diately, is as follows: — The Edgar, wooden ship, 600 horse-power, 71 guns, 3,091 tons, 810 officers and men ; the Warrior, iron-cased ship, 1,250 horse-power, 40 guns, 6,109 tons, 705 officers and men; Black Prince, iron- cased ship, 1,250 horse-power, 41 guns, 6,109 tons, 705 officers and men ; Prince Consort, iron cased wooden ship, 1,000 horse-power, 35 guns, 4,045 tons, 605 officers and men ; Hector, iron* cased Bhip, 800 horse-power, 28 guns, 4,089 tons, 530 officers and men. Defence, iron cased Bhip, 600 horae- power, 16 guns, 3,720 tons, 457 officers and men ; Aurora, wooden frigate, 400 horse-power, 35 guns, 2,558 tons, 515 officers and men; Galatee, wooden frigate, 26 guns, 800 horse-power, 3,227 tons, 515 officers and men ; Wolverene, wooden corvette, 400 horse-power, 21 guns, 1,703 tons, 275 offioeri and men ; Research, iron-cased wooden Bhip, 200 horse-power, 4 guns, 1,253 tons, 135 officers and men ; Enterprise, iron-sasod wooden sloop, 160 horse-power, 4 guns, 993 tous, 121 officers and men ; Geyser, paddle wheel wooden sloop, 280 horie-power, 6 guns, 1,054 tons, 175 officers and men ; Assurance, wooden gun- veseel, 200 horse-power, 4 guns 681 tons, 90 officers and men; Salauiis, paddle-wheel wooden steam-vessel, 250 horse power, 2 guns, 65 officers and men ; Trinculo, wooden gunboat, 60 horse-power, 2 gun?, 2GS tons, 24 officers and men.' This gives an aggregate of 335 guns, 8,250 horse-power, 38,903 tons, and 5,727 officers and men. This powerful fleet, it will be observed, is at once available, and could in a few hours be placed in an efficient Btato under the command of the Admiral of the Channel Fleet, and would be sufficient to blockade every port in the North or Baltic .Sea, and still leave a force strong euough to meet any number of ships which would be likely to be brought against it. But in additon to this, aa vessels of a comparatively light displacement would bo required for action in the narrow and tortuous channels of the Danish Coasts, ' the Admirality have ordered to be commissioned the Cordelia, wooden sloop, 150 horse-power, 11 guns, 579 tons, 130 officers and men ; the Fawn, wooden sloop, 100 horse-power, 17 guns, 751 tons, 175 officers and men; th» Racer, 150 horse-power, 11 guns, 579 torn, 130 officers and inen. To these may be added the Achilles, iron-cosed ship, 1,250 horse power, 30 guns, 6,121 torn, 705 officers and men, which should be ready very shortly for sea. Then we have the Royal Sovereign, iron cased wooden cupola ship, 800 horse-power, 5 guns of the heaviest calibre, 3,963° tons, manned probably by 500 officers and men. The Royal Sovereign had her trial trip on Thursday, at Portsmouth, and was de clared to be a great success. Under Sherard Osborn she 'will be a very formidable antagonist to anything she may have to attack. Our coastguard Bkips, which have all skeleton crews on board, could be provisioned and fully manned in a short time, and would do excellently well against anything not coated with iron. The Caledonia, iron-cased wooden ship, 1,000 horse-power, 35 guns, 4,125 tons, and the Ocean, also an iron-cased wooden ship, 1,000 horse- power, 35 guns, 4,047 tons, should be ready for active service in a month, each manned by 605 officers and men. We shall not make further alluiion to our extensive steam reserves. We have said enough to show that we havo a powerful fleet wherewith to carry on anyoperations which may be demanded of us. We must, however, noto that to our coastguard ships wa have attached fifteen gunboats, all mounting two heavy pieces of ordnance, and each with a steam- power of sixty horses. These would prove as trouble some to an enemy as horseflies would be to a quadruped— there would be no shaking them off.' These figures must be eminently satisfactory to every one who has the welfare of Britain at heart, and who is anxious to see her still 'rule the waves.' This is, undoubtedly, a powerful fleet ; and in any emergency which may occur we may safely trust it, under proper management, to protect the interests and the honour of the country. Nor is the state of the army less satisfactory than that of the navy. England can never compete with the Urge continental Powers in the strength of her land forces. Her power lies chiefly in her navy ; but now her army is in a highly effective condition. We quote the following account of the army from tha article in the Army and Navy Gazette-.— 'The following is the strength of our land forces now in tha United Kingdom: — Cavalry : 4th Dragoon Guards, 5th Dragoon Guards, . 6th Dragoon Guards, 1st Royal Dragoons, 2nd Dragoons, 3rd Hussars, 4th Husear*, 8ch Hussars, 9th Lancers, 10th Husiars, 11th Hussars, 12th Lancers, 13th nuwaw, 14th Hussars, 15th Haisars, 16th Lancers, numbering about 650 officers and men each. The aggregate strength, we be feu- u ibout 10,700 men. Artillery; Tea batteries of Horse Artillery, numbering about 1,900 of all ranks, and 51 batteries of field and garrison artillery (26 ol the former, and 25 of the latter), amounting in the whole to about 11,800 men). Royal Engineers : Two troops Royal Engineer Train, and about 20 companies, amounting in the whole to about 2,700 of all ranks. Infantry: The following -battalions of the Line : — 2nd Bstt. 1st Royals, 1st Batt. 2nd Queen's, 1st Batt. 3rd Buffs, 1st Bett. 5th Fusiliers, 1st Batt. 6th Regiment, 1st Batt. 8th Regiment, 1st '.Batt. 10th Regiment, 1st Batt. 11th Regiment, 2nd Batt. 12th Regiment, 1st Batt. 13th Light Infantry, 1st Batt 14th Regiment, 1st Batt. 24th Regiment, 26th Regiment, 29th Regiment, 31st Regimeut, 32nd Light Infantry, 37th Regiment, 41st Regiment, 45th Regiment, 49th Regiment, 53rd Regiment, 58th Regiment, 59th Regiment, lBt Batt 60th Rifles, 2nd Batt. 60th Rifles, 61st Regiment, 64th Regiment, 69th Regiment, 73rd Regiment, 74th Regiment, 75th Regi ment, 83rd Regiment, 84th Regiment, 85th Light Infantry, 86th Regiment, and 87th Fusiliers. With the 1st Battalion 21st Fusiliers, and the 39th and 62nd Regiments, returning from Barbadoea, Bermuda, and Canada respectively, making a total of 39 bat talions. Excluding the depots, the strength of each is a little under 800— about 780 on an ayerago-or a total force of 30,000 trained men. The aggregate strength of the regimental depots, including those of battalions abroad, is about 18,000. Tho Household Brigade consists of 1,300 cavalry and 6,000 infantry. Wo may thus summariza the strength of the forces in the United Kingdom :— Cavalry— Household, 1,300 ; Line, 10,700-total, 12,000. Artillery —horse, 1,900; foot, 11,800— total, 13,700. Engineers, 2,700. Infantry— Foot Guards, 6.C00; regiments of the Line, 30,000; depot?, 18,000-total, 54,000. Grand total, 82,000. But in estimating the number of troops we could send into the field, we must deduct the depots, which would only serve to fill the ranks of the seivice companies for a time. This would leave some 64,000 men forming the regiments; but frou this again we ought in fairness to strike off one-fourth, including those not available for service and those who must be employed at home. The result appears to be that we have now in the United Kingdom seme 48,000 well-drilled and well-seasoned troops, ready to go anywhere and do anything, if properly aided by the auxiliary corps and the departments of supply. Tim would still leave us an immediate reserYe of probably one half that strength in the shape of recruits. Of the actual strength of the militia assembled at the training which has just concluded, we can not speak with certainty, but we believe the muster was larger than in 1863, when the number actually present on the inspection-day was 102,000. The volunteers, as we know, amount to about 160,000. We do not speak of what force might be token from ludta and the colonies in the event of a pressure in Europe rendering some new arrangements necessary. But upon this we cannot aigue, and the above facts are all that we have a right to put down in fairly taktDg stock of our military strength.' From these statistics it will be seen how well prepared England is to meet any event which may arise out of the present state of European complication;. There can be no doubt that, as a rule, her policy is peace ; but circumstances may arise above her control which may leave her no choice between war and dishonour. To maintain her truo position amongst the first-class Powers she mny even reluctantly be compelled to appeal to the sword. War is bad, but national dishonour is worse. If England loses her prestige, and submits to affronts, the loses everything. While, therefore, her true policy is peace if possible, it haa been felt more than ever within the last dozen 'years that she must bo prepared for war; and now happily she is prepared better than she has been on any former occasion. LncHiBBT'a Remains.— Mr.' Charles Hack has not yet arrived in Adelaide; but a gentleman who was iu conversation with him yesterday evening informs us that he Adheres to his determina tion to give no particulars until he reaches town. He persists, however, in the truth of his story as to the finding of some human remains, accompanied by clear proofs of their being those of Leichanlt, and ad-Is force to his former statements by declaring that his intelligence is more important than anything which has been rumoured on the subject. He says that the remains were not found by himself, but by his brother, Mr. Bedford Hock, one of the managers of the Lake Hope Station, who sent him in with the news. This is all that can be gathered on the subject at present Whether any discovery has really been made,* or what importance, if any, may attach to it, must remain an open question until the arrival in Ade laide of this tardy messenger. Arrival or the Art Union with Govern- ment immigrants.— The Art Union, Captain Polson, with 319 Government immigrants, under the care of Dr. Carroll, arrived at a late hour last night, after a passage of 90 days from Plymouth. There have been four births on board, and we regret to learn no less than 12 deaths occurred during the voyage. We are unable to furnish the names of the deceased immigrants in to-day's issue, owing to the late hour at which the vessel reached the anchorage. The Transportation Question.-It will be seen by our telegraphic news that the Victorian Government have resolved to terminate the mail contract if the steamers touch at Western Australia. The Anti- Transportation League have resolved to send a deputation to the Governor, to request him to represent to Her Majesty by the next mail the strong feeling of the colonists on the question. Foetohate Esc.vPE.-On Saturday morning, as the Postman Conden, who clears the North Ade laide receivers, was returning to the General Post Ottice, he attempted to cross the Torrens at the ford on the site of the Froine Bridge. The current was so strong at the time that it swept the horse and cart some distance down the stream, but for tunately the animal got out of the current, and contrived to drag the vehicle and its rash driver through the shallow water safely ashore. Supreme CoUBT.-The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Gwynne sat in Banco on Monday, August 22\. In the absence of Mr. Justice Boothby, through illness, the arguments on the motions for new trials still standing over were not proceeded with. It was stated, however, that one of the cases— Lines v. George— had been settled. In Branford and Another v. Kicholls, a case brought down on appeal from the Local Court of Strath albyn, a rule nisi, setting aside the verdict, was granted, although it was intimated that the plaint might be so put as to entitle the plaintiffs to recover heavy damages. Mr. Palmer, ou various grounds, obtained a rale to show cause for reversing the decision or setting it aside, and granting a new trial. The rule nisi in Hughes v. Eochiort was discharged, as was also that in Farrell v. Walsh and Evans v. White, the latter of which referred to an order of the Special Magistrate granting a new trial. An argument was commenced with respect to the assignment of Sievert von Oertzeu, which was, however, adjourned. Another matter, bearing upon the taxation of costs in the Insol vency Court, was dealt with, and the Court at its rising adjourned until Monday next, the First Day of Term. Insolvejct Coubt.— The accountant's report in re J. Wheiitley was read at the final hearinj? of the insolvent on Monday, August 22, and after a preliminary examination had taken place the meeting was adjourned till Tuesday. August 30. Police Coubt.— Three persons charged with inebriety at the Adelaide Police Court on Monday, August 22, were each ordered to pay the usual penalty. A charge against a prostitute for riotous and indecent conduct was dismissed. Henry Ward was ordered to pay 7s. per week for the support of his illegitimate child. Two cases of assault were partly heard, and adjourned till the following morning. City Council.— The City Council met on Mon day, but no business of much importance was tran sacted. Sixty-four applications were received for the office of Park Lands Banger, the consideration of which was postponed till nest meeting. Education Board.— The usual fortnightly meeting of the Education Board was held on Monday, August 2i Several applications for licences were received, and » quantity of other business was transacted. , A Runaway.— A horse bolted with a spring cart on Monday about noon alonj: Way mouth street, turning into Morphett-street, then into an unmade road to G rote-street, where it was arrested, pretty well exhausted in its hMdlong career. AVe are not aware of any damaga. 1st the danger was great, as'there were many vefcitjes in tho streets and a great numb.-r of adults sad children on thtkr way from work and school to dinner, ? Victobia Thratbe. -There was a huge atten dance at the Theatre to witness the first appearance of Miss Cleveland in the celebrated drama 'Leah the Forsaken.' From the favourable notices which appeared in the best-conducted Victorian journal* of Miss Cleveland's jwrforrnances great expectations were raisin!, ami those expectations wcro fully realized. The drama also in which alio made her first appearance is one that combines with great simplicity of plot and paucity of incident situations of intense interest, and language in some cases almost too solemn for tho stage. A Syrian yeoman (Rudolf) has seen and fallen in lovo with the Jewish maiden Leah, one of a race whom the law prosecutes and the ignorant people fear and persecute. Leah is the active- member ot a fugitive party, the others being a powerless young mother (Sarah) and a blind old man (Abraham). The attachment of Kudolf causes great grief to his father (LorcnzX a good Catholic, who wishes him to wed a virtuous village girl (Anna.) The schoolmaster of the village is a villain Jew in dia guise, a criminal in dread of detection ; and he, to secure his own safety, exerts himself to have the Jews driven from the neighbourhood. He is commissioned by Lorenz to offer money to Leah to give up Rudolf and go away with her people. The money is ottered, not to Leah, but to Sarah, who joyfully accepts it, and, ignorant of Leah's love, promises for her that the whole party shall proceed to Bohemia. Whilst parleying with Sarah, the voice of the schoolmaster is recognised by old Abraham, who denounces him as Nathan, a renegade Jew. The woman runs off affrighted, and Nathan roused to frenry strangles the blind man, but as a storm is raging satisfies the simple Syrian peasants that he was killed by lightning. The statement that Leah had bartered her lova for gold excites the indignation of Kudolf. who repulses the Jewess uul consents to wed Anna. The forsaken Leah encounters her faithless Christian lover outside the church, where he l«mllr plights his faith to Anna, and a terrible sccno ensues, in which the Jewess pours upon the head of the Christian deceiver an appalling malediction. Five years elapse, and all goes well externally with Rudolf and Anna; their worldly goods in* crease abundantly, and their marriage is blest by the presence of one fair child, whom in regretful remembrance of the Jewish maiden's misfortunes is named Leah. Rudolf, however. Is haunted with an abiding sense of the wrong inflicted on the Jewess, and an instinctive or superstitious fear that her curses may in the end fall heavy on him and his household. As the only reparation in his power, he exerts himself to procure a relaxa« tion of the penal laws against the Jews, and even makes a journey to Vienna, where, from the lips of the Emperor himself, he obtains an assurance that the old code shall be repealed and juster enactments substituted. During his (absence Leah has returned, determined to take a terrible vengeance on the destroyer of her happiness; and, whilst watching an opportunity to carry out her dread design, overhears Rudolf describe his mis* sion to Vienna, its object and its success. The fountain of her long-frozen affection again begins to play. Gentler feelings succeed tho mighty passions that consumed her vitality, and the innocent prattle of Rudolfs child completely conquers and nearly breaks the heart of the sworn avenger. The villain Nathan attempts to arrest the Jen- ess. She rouses sufficiently to identify and denounce him. He makes an alwrtive attimpt to slay his accuser, but is disarmed and ai rested. The Bands of Leah's life have, however, ran out ; sho falls exhausted, and dies happy In the consciousness that Bhc has forgiven her bcttayer and received hit solemn assurance of forgiveness. There is a judi cious admixture of the comic element in the play, and Greville as a barber-surgeon, &c; 8hute as a rustic lover, and Mrs. Chapman as a buxom land lady, agreeably relieve and diversify the heavier business. Of Miss Cleveland's acting it is impos sible to speak too highly;, and the simple arrange inent of her drapery gives to her magniiicen posings a statuesque grandeur which we h»ve wen in no other actress. Whether pouring out her lovo to Rudolf, bewailing the miseries of her people, or denouncing her betrayer, sho excited an Interest absolutely breathless. She was three times called before the curtain, and certainly can have no cause to complain of her reception in Adelaide. Christy's MiNHtRtLa. — Christy's Minstrels reappeared on Monday evening at White's Booms, and weie again honoured with a very large atten dance. This circumstance [appeared to have acted like a magic spell upon the performers, who evidently put forth all their powers to entertain their patrons. We need scarcely say that they were successful. Not only were their efforts us musicians— in which they so much excel— raptu- rously applauded, but tho comicalities, which form no inconspicuous portion of the entertain ment, were also vociferously cheered. This evening these versatile performers will again appear. Theatrical.— Mr. Henry Nell Warner, well known on the colonial stage, is in London. Up to latest advices he had not made his bow before an English audience, but was announced shortly to appear in Hamlet and Othello. The Echunoa Dicciinob.— A correspondent In* forms us that about 30 diggers are employed at Echunga, and as there is plenty of water they are apparently doing well PLEOUO -rzJEUMONIA ON THR DaBMHO.— With reference to a notice which we lately inserted on the above subject, we may now state, on the undoubted authority of a person who has just come down from the Upper Darling, that tbo herd of cattle which we mentioned as being on its way to the Meniudee (Station had reached the Wychuga Creek, adjoining Mr. McCrae's cattlo station, and that numbers of tho cattle out of the herd weio reported to be dying of pleuro- pneumonia. ABUBIIUAN AMU HIS HAUDLH-Ayoung bu»h mun in a newly-settled part of Queensland, a long distance from any of the towns, writes thus to a friend in South Australia, on the subject of his saddle:— 'As this was a leisure day, I have finished the counter-lining and slutting of my Bccond saddle. I never saw a bushman do this in South Australia, and Mr. L- — , who initiated me into the mystery of the opera tion, tells me he never saw one do it in Victoria, so that 1 fancy it is only iu New South Wales and Queensland that they repair their saddles them selves, instead of sending tlmm to the saddlor. In cose it may inteiest any friend of yours, I will tell you how we manage the matter here. Am soon as the stuffing in the saddle becomes hard, eilhw all over or in ports, or has got so pressed down that the saddle itself can hurt the wither* of the|horse with its fore port, or the spine with its hinder part, we think it high time to look to it; or rather it should be looked to before, on tb« principle that prevention is better than cute The lining of the saddle we will presume to b* woin and to require replacing, The hair taken out must all be teazed, that is, parted. What with sweat from the horse, rain, and swimming rivers, this will have all stuck together in hard lumps. It must be all pulled apart so as to be quite soft, but more hair will be required. Whenever a horse's tail is pulled or docked the hah* is kept, also th« hair at the end of each bullock's toil killed for beef. Well, this is boiled (some people bake it); this softens it, and then it is twisted tight like small ropes, and left so till wanted; the,n it is cut In onel inch junks and teazed. It is then a lot of loost curled hah-, and fit for use. The pad ot the saddle is taken off from the rest, and the lining sewed in, and then the hair stutled carefully in bo as not to leave any lumps— a small stick is used for this— he sewing is finished, the pad fattened in again, aud the job is done. It requires some patience, but in mere amusement for wet weather; and I cannot help noticing that the horses' backs are kept in better order by riders who look after their saddles themselves than by those who have to make shift with them till a travelling workman comes round, or they can be conveniently sent to the saddler's.' DENOM [NATIONALISM IS THE AUMY.— From h War Office return it appears that on the lat April last there were in the army 1 Oil, 'CO Episcopalians, fiu.7.^8 Presbyterians, 5,2110 other Protentants, and 5S.50S Roman Catholics. In the Itoyal Marines at the same date there were 12,393 Episcopalians, 416 Presbyterians, 2,379 other Protestants, and 1,441 Roman Catholics. NEW EXPLOSIVE COMPOUND.— A correspondent informs us that another experiment with this compound took place in the quarries belonging to Mr. Sampson Bastian, Willunga, on Monday, Ajgust 15, and the result proved beyond the possi- bility of doubt its great superiority to gunpowder for mining purposes. About six pounds of the com- pound was used on the occasion referred to, which detached a large mass of stone, weighing some 170 tons, and measuring in bulk about 2,470 cubic/feet- To effect this by means of blasting powder at least 14 lbs. weigh must have been used. The experiment was witnessed by the proprietor of the quarries and numerous other residents of Wil-. lunga, all of whom expressed their entire convic- tion of its efficacy, safety, and cheapness. 1'ahtokal Lkahkm.— Referring; to the valuation of runs in this colony the Melbourne Economise of the lDtli instant says:— 'Another valuublo illustration of the results of legislation and Govern inent by ignorant and inexperienced men is allorded by the revaluation of runs at Adelaide The South Australian Ilcjuier informs ua Unit the Surveyor-General was the officer appointed to revalue the runs, the leases of which expire next year, ami our contemporary makes the following comparison of payments by 18 lessees.' The new valuations are then quoted from the Register, and the Ec-imm.i»l adds :— ' A land surveyor, of course, may be fitted to give an opinion on the value of a run; hut, judging from experience in this colony, the probability is that he is utterly incapable of making anything like a correct estimate. In addi tion, it appears that as U3ual the instructions to the Surveyor were blundered.' Australian Phohmiun TKSAX.-The Pastoral Timet says:—' Large quantities of this plant have been found growing in the malice scrub on tho Lachlau Plains. The flax is three or four feet high, and from onti to two inches broad. It is stronger in its fibres than the Nev Zealand flax, and would seem to be exempt from those oily pro perties that render the New Zealand flax so diffi cult to convert into useful purposes. It is believed that by the aid of the small steamers running up our rivew, we shall be enabled to collect vast quan tities of the article and send it to Melbourne. Some specimens have already been forwarded for the purpose of being tested,' 