THE NEWS OF THE DAY. ? ^ ? The It. M. S. Bombay, with the January Euro pean mails, urrived in Hobson's Bay at six o'clock .on Saturday morning, after a very rapid passage from King George's Sound. In .this morning's issue, we give a full summary of tho principal items of British and Foreign intelligence. In ?consequence of tho pressure on our columns, twe are compelled to hold over a number of advertisements, and a quantity of interesting local news, Wo have out files from Mauritius to tho 30th of -January, and from South Australia to the 9th inst. It was currently reported a few days before the de parturo of the English mnil, that tho Dulco of New castle was about to resign the Secretaryship of State for the Colonies, owing to ill health. Our London telegram, however, states tho resignation to he uu fait accompli, and announces Lord Wodehouso as his successor. Of Lord Wodehouso very little is known. The Australian and New Zealand Gazette of 9th January says : — ' Lord Wodohouse is one of the , most rising young men connected with the liberal party. He has been Under Secrotary for Foreign Affairs and Ambassador at St. Petersburg, but his experience is entirely diplomatic, and he cannot at present possess that weight and iufluenco in the Cabinet which is required from tho representative of .the iutorests of tho colonies.' Some significance may be attached to Lord Wodehonse's appointment, . from tho circumstance that ho had just returned from a special mission to Copenhagen. Dod',3 ' Peerage, Baronetage and Knightage' (1803 edition), supplies the following information :—' Wodehouso, third Baron (Great Britain). Created 1797 ; Bart., 1011. John Wodehouso, son of tho lato hon. Henry Wode liouse (who died 1834), by the only daughter of ?Theophilns Thornhagh Gnrdon, Esq., of Letton, Norfolk. Born in London 1826 : married, 1847, the eldest daughter of tho third Earl of Clare (she vraa bora 1625) ; succeeded his grandfather in 1840 j «ducatecl at Christ Church, Oxford, where he was .first class in classics 1847 ; was appointed a deputy lieutenant of Norfolk, 1847 ; was Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs from December, 1852, to April, 1850 ; Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipo tentiary to Eussia from May, 1850, to March, 1858 ; again Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs from . June, 1839, to July, 1861 ; is patron of eleven livings. The first baron in this family had pre viously been knighted for his conduct at the* siego of Cadiz ; the fifth baronet represented Norfolk in five Parliaments, and the sixth was the first peer. Eesidences : 48 Bryanston square, London, W. ; Kiinberloy, Norfolk.' An error appeared in our English telegram of Saturday, relative to tho now duty imposed on to ? bacco in the United States. The duty is 20 cents per lb instead of 2. As showing the serious light in which the Ger man quarrel is viewed in Great Britain, the Home News states that orders havo boon sent already to the shipping ports in tho East to ship no produce by either German or Danish vessels, and in the present state of affairs the example, no doubt, will ?ha generally followed. The annual meeting of the Boyal Society of Vic toria, for tho election of officers, &c;, will bo held this evening, at the society's hall, at half-past seven o'clock. The City Council will to-day bo called upon to sanction payments to the extent of £046. Besides this matter of finance, questions of exemptions from rates, consolidation of the civic laws, ponalty on a resigning assessor, tenders for rubble and metal, carriage drivers' licenses, publio repairs and other matters will be submitted to the council's consi ? deration. There is no business notified of peculiar importance or general interest, and nothing upon which lengthy or fervent debate need bo expended. Tho steamer Eoyal Standard was, on Saturday : last, the scene of another grand dejeuner, given to . a party of gentlemen still morn numerous than that of tho previous Thursday. The preparations wore upon an equally elaborate and tasteful scale, and the affair passed off with complete satisfaction, the event lacking nothing, and being characterised by all tho abandon of a genuine pleasure party. Mr Iioriuier, of the firm of Lorimer, Marwood and Borne, and Captain Dowall presided at tho tables. In replying to the toast of tho ownor3, Mr Lorimer alluded to the amalgamation which had recently taken place of tho threo lines of packets— the Black Ball, Eaglo and White Star — by which the firms in Liverpool would act as joint agents for loading the vessola of tho now company, to he called the Australian and Eastern Steam Navi gation Company j and he expressed his belief that, if a sufficient amount of support was afforded to : auxiliary screw ships, such as the Eoyal Standard, other screw vessels, yet more powerful and capable ? of performing the passage in a still shorter period , would, no doubt, bo built. We learn from tho Star that tho vagaries of Mr H. Salmon, the Ballaarat auctioneer, who has so frequently figured of lato in tho police courts at that place, are at length suspended, if not radically -cured, by the infliction on him of a month's im prisonment by tho magistrates, who, in giving judg ment on a series of very disgraceful proceedings, said that the prisoner's conduct could not bo over ; looked after tho medical opinion in favor of his ac countability given by Dr. Banco. A special meeting of tho moinbcr3 of the Garrick ? Club will be held this evening, relative to the . Shakspoarian memorial. A lecture will bo delivered, this evening, by E. ?O. M'Coy, Esq., M.A., in the Congregational school room, Oxford street, Collingwood. Subject : ' Do minoes and Masks ; or, Keeping up Appearances.' The first subscription concert of tho Melbourne Philharmonic Society for 1804 will take place on the 22nd inst., with Eossini's ' Stahat Mater' and Spohr's ' Lost Judgment.' We understaud that \- the committee have secured tho services of Miss Emma Howson and Miss Clelia Howson for the occasion. An exceedingly interesting pic-nic was given on Saturday, by Mr Politz, the cigar manufacturer, ?to the large staff of employes in his establish ment, who, as will bo seen, gladly seized the occa sion to testify their great respect and esteem for 'their employer's unvarying kindness and consider ation for them. Tho event was tho firBt of tho kind amongst them, although in great probability ? but tho firat of an annual series. Mr Politz's fac tory was closed for the day; and about nine a.m. there started thence a procession, headed by tho band of the Immigrants' Home, and consisting of about 130 apprentices, 30 cigar makers and others, marshalled by Mr M. Harvie, f' e manager o! the factory, and Mr Wahner, munager. of Mr PoliU'a tobacco farm at Dandenong. Two banners were carried, one of which was made entirely of various kinds of tobacco leaves, fringed with cigars ; but the chief attraction was a Brobdignagian cigar, nearly eight feet long, which was carried on an elevated framework. The procession having tra versed soveral of tho leading streets of the city, leaving in their track a fragrant cloud of the smoke of the homo production, assembled at the Flinders street railway station, en route for Brighton,' whence — hoarty cheers having been given for Mr Politz — they were con veyed to their destination. Arrived there, various games wero soon actively engaged in, the chief of which wore cricket, football, and running matches. On tho old Brighton racecourse, a largo tent had beon erected, and ample provision made for the occasion. Shortly after twelve o'clock, drums sounded for dinner, and soon the tables wero filled by the party, who were in a high state of en joyment. Mr Politz presided, supported on either side by Mr Harvie and Mr Wahner. In duo time fun and laughter having ceased, at a call from Mr Harvie, that gentleman proposed that they should drink to tho heaku of Mr Politz, and, in doing so, spoke of his constant kindness, generosity, and careful attention to their welfare. Ho their pro Bented an address to Mr Politz, from 'ho senior class of employes in tho factory, accompanied by the gift of a valuable silver cigar case, the acceptance of ivhich was begged as a Blight token of the respect and esteem they entertained for him. Mr Harvie then called upon Mr Brown, one of the apprentices, who, on their behalf, read a similar addross requesting that their employer would do them the favor of accepting an accompany ing silver vase, This address was got up entirely amongst the boys, who had subscribed sixpenco a week each for the vase, which was a highly orna mental and costly piece of work. Mr Politz then rose, amidst prolonged cheers, and feelingly ex pressed his acknowledgments for tho kindness dis played towards him, and, in tho words of tho address, trusted that ho might enjoy many years of health aud prosperity so as to onablo him to return it. He then proposed the health of Mr Harvie, highly com plimenting him at the same time. A suitable reply was given, and, after a few more and similar toasts, the party broke up and games were resumed. An hour or so later another pleasure party arrived, ac companied by a good band, evidently on dancing bent. Towards evening tho employes returned to the factory in the same order they left, all in high spirits, and none the worse for their day's amuse ment. Among the cricket matches played on Saturdny afternoon, that which attracted most attention was the one on the Melbourne ground, between the East Melbourne Club and an eleven from Ballaarat. Tho ground was in capital order, and there was a very good display of batting. There was not time to finish the match, but the gaino was decided virtually in favor of tho up-country players, who obtained 130 runs in their first innings. Tho East Melbourne team made, in their first innings, 96 ; and in their second, 45, with the loss of ' one wicket. The following is tho score : — East Melbourne — First Innings : Smith, o Goujon, b Eadfern, 15 ; Phillips, o do, b Wills, 18 ; Yewers, not out, 17 ; Wardill, run out, 14 ; Watson c Sweenoy, b Wills, 1 ; Tait, o Smith, b do, 7 ; D. Wilkie, c Oldham, b Phillips, 3; M'Pherson, b Phillips, 5 ; Hope, 1 h w, b do, 0 ; Moore, b Wills, 2 ; J. Wilkie, do, 2 ; bye, 1 ; leg-byos, 3 ; wides, 4 ; total, 92. Ballaarat — First Innings : Cazaley, c M'Pherson, b D. Wilkie, 3 ; Smith, c Hope, b D. Wilkie, 10 ; Neap, b D. Wilkie, 1 ; Phillips, o M'Pherson, b Moore, 38 ; Sweeney, c Wilkio, b Moore, 12 ; Wills, b Wilkie, 0 ; Eedfern, o Smith, h M.'Pherson, 10 ; Oldham, c Phillips, b Wardill, 26 ;Morres, st Phillips, b D. Wilkie, 18 ; Goujon, b Wardill, 2 ; Eobinson, not out, 0 ; leg-bye, 1 ; wides, 3; total, 130. East Melbourne — Second Innings : Watson, c Bryant, b Eedfern, 1 ; Tait, not out, 19 ; Hope, not out, 21 ; byes, 3; no ball, 1; total, 45. The match betweon the second oleven of the Albion Club, and eighteen of the Carlton Club, terminated in a victory for tho former by 98 runs. A match was also played on the ground of the Collingwood Commercial Club, between sixteen selected from the Age office and the Zingari Club. The former took the bat to the bowling of Ballard and Crewthers ; but tho wickets fell fast, seven being taken for 13 runs. Collier, Blackham, Braiding, and Kidgell (not out), alone made a stand, scoring respectively, 7, 20, 10, and 18 — the tunings closing for 87 runs. Th9 bowling of the Zingari was very good, nine wickets of the Ago falling for 0. Tho field was quickly placed, the gipsies Bending in Crowthers and M'Cormack to the bowling of Collier and Braiding. The latter was given out, leg heforo wicket, after scoring 10 ; tho former bowled by Collier for 11. Smart made a few runs, when he was missed at long log off Blackham, and subse quently gave several chances to the field, but was finally disposed of by tho same bowler after scoring 41\. Talinago made 19, but also gave several chances, which were muffed by the field ; no olhor players made a stand, and the innings closed fer 101\. The fielding of both clubs was very loose. Tho swimming matches that wero to havo come off at Kenny's baths, St. Kilda, on Saturday after noon, were postponed for a week, with tho excep tion of a spirt of forty yards, heats, for boys under nuio years of age. Tho competitors wero T. King and Peasley, tho former of whom won very cleverly. There was also' some practice on tho greasy polo and in diving. Owing mainly, no doubt, to tho want of publicity, the attendance was very limited, but tho scale of charges for admission and tho arrival of tho English mail also had something to do with it. A very good band was in attendance, but their services will be probably more in request next Saturday, when the charges are to bo lewered. The baths are now in good order, much of the damage dono by the lato galo having been repaired, and the fencing is complete. A public meeting of the subscribers of tho Art Union of Victoria is advertised for four o'clock to day, to consider as to the expediency of closing tho society, in consequence of tho small number of sub scripttons recoivod during tho year. A meeting of master bakers was held at the Albion Hotel, on Saturday evening last, to consider whether any furthor change should be mado in the price of bread. Tho mooting had boon adjourned from Thnrsday in order to see whether any change would take place in tho price of flour. Mr Powor proposed that, as no serious rise had taken place, one shilling a loaf bo the price on Monday next. Mr E. Scott seconded the motion, and said that he had heard from private communication that in Adelaide flour had been sold for £28 a ton. Tho feeling of the meeting was that not much dependence should he placed upon largo arrivals of flour from Cali fornia, and that tho price would coritiuuo to rise ; but thero seemed no desire to raise the prico of bread more than was absolutely necessary, the reasons being that they wished tho public to havo perfect faith in the fairness of their proceedings, and they were aware that the larger tho margin of profit from the prico they agreed upon, tho greater the probability that more members of the trade would try to undersell tho rest. The motion was carried arid the meeting was then adjourned till Wednesdiy night next. The Victorian Eifle Club hold tho first ineoting of its second year on Saturday, at tho Sand ridge Butts. Tho programme comprisod three matches. For tho first thoro were upwards of thirty entries, but in this, us ia the succeeding matches, some of thoso who had entored as coinpo titors did not come forward to fire. In this match large bore rifles were usod. The shooting was go nerally good, and the prizemen wero J. Eainsford, Emerald Hill Artillery, who scored SS-, and won the challenge cup and £2 added. Tho- second prize fell to D. trNaughton, St. Kilda Artillery - who stored 50\. For tho third, D. M'Hutchison, of tho Kmerald Hill Artillery, and Bradshaw, of tho St. Kilda Artillery, tied at 49, but the fnrmer took the lead in shooting off. Match No. 2 was open to all Government arms, pull of trigger not loss than 0 lb. Thirty entries, as required, were made for this match, which was won by Dr. Walkins, who scored 55. This award is, however, disputed, and will probably bo reconsidered by tho committee. Tho prize was a long range Steward's rifle telescope, presented by John Thomson, Esq., M.L.A. The next in order wero, J. Eainsford, 52 points ; F. Sargood, 49 ; and W. F. Knight, 49. The third match, with small bores, and at long ranges, ended by F. T. Sargood taking tho cup, with 87 points ; D. M'Naughton came second with 79 ; and tho two following were, W. Peterson, 77 ; and Charles Johnson, 73. There was also sonio pool shooting, for which there were twenty-one entries at 500, and twenty-three at 200. Douglass and Lamond took the bnllseyes. At a meeting of tho club, held when the matches wero over, Captain Irving in the chair, it was resolved, on the motion of Mr Sargood, that hereafter thoro should only bo two matches, one for small bores, and the other for large bores, tho latter to have doublo prizes. It was also agreed that the pull for small bores should be reduced to 4, lb. Tho following committee was elected for tho ensuing year: — Captain Irving, Messrs Cole, Purchase, Sargood, Lacey, Peterson, Eainsford, Captain Balfour, Captain Sprent, with Major Pitt as an honorary member. A very interesting meeting was hold at St. George's Hall, on Saturday afternoon ; the occasion being an addross from the Eight Bsv. Bishop Pat teson, tho missionary to tho Melanesian Islands, to tho children attending the Sunday-schools, in con nection with the United Church of England and Ireland, in Melbourne. A considerable time prior to the hour of meeting, threo o'clock, the spacious hall was filled in every part by the children, their teachers and relatives ; and many of tho little ones had to be accommodated with room on tho platform. On tho platform, we observed tho Very Eev. tho Dean of Melbourne, and tho principal clergy of the city and suburbs, his Honor Mr Justice Moles worth, Judge Pohlman, &c.; Aft-;r prayers, road by the Very Eev. the Dean, Mr Justice Molesworth was called to the chair, and said they had met to hear some interesting statements with reference to mis sionary enterprise in the South Seas, amongst the Melanesian islanders. This meeting had been spe cially called for tho instruction of the young, who would presently hear from tho able and most zealous prelate, who had visited Melbourne, a statement which ho sincerely trusted would havo a happy in fluence on then- Iive3 hereafter. He did not doubt that it would be bo, seeing that there was a natural desire in tho mind, whon we become religious our selves, to endeavor to impart tho same blessing to others. The right rev. prelate then addressed his youthful auditory in a simple and entertaining manner for nearly a couple of hours, and was listened to throughout with a close and interested attention. He described with a good deal of graphic power, the natural features of those coral lands of the Southern Ocean, and dwelt with some minuteness of detail on the strange and varied races who inhabit thoso beau tiful tropical islets. Tho bishop spoke hopefully of them ; and, though he did not conceal their heathen vicos, ho dwelt on tho bettor features of their cha racter. He was particularly emphatic in x'ointing to their native love of art, and the refined taste that marks their efforts in carving the decorations of their dwellings and war canoes, and particularly to tho correctness of their eye in the arrangement of color. Tho bishop rose, if not to elo quence, to a most earnest and impressive manner in describing some of tho results of his labors as a mosscnger of the Gospel, and the method of his instruction. Ho relies mainly for success on the gradual instruction of native youth. He does not believe in the work of conversion by mere preaching, seeing tho difficulty of conveying, in the simple and unpolished tongues of those islanders, the meaning of terms which can have no counterpart in their speech. But, while acquiring the language so as to be able to hold fluent discourse in it, ho holds up, with his best endeavor, the most powerful of all teaching a stranger oan give in a land of heathendom — the example of a holy life. Four and twenty of these island languages has this zealous bishop already mastered, and reduced to grammati cal form. He relies alone on language — and any considerable result must bo slow — to solve tho ethnological problem o£ tho origin of those races, now so varied in color, speech and manners. Bishop Patteson paid an eloquent tribute to the manly character and devoted zeal of Bishop Selwyn, of New Zealand, who has been an active coadjutor and adviser in missionary labor among the Mela nesians. A liberal collection was made before the business of the meeting terminated. Early on Friday morning, Mr J. S. Gotch, of tho firm of Gordon and Gotch, mot with a severe acci dent while riding through Carlton. When near the Trades' Hall, his horse stumbled over some loose metal and fell with all its weight on Mr Gotch's leg, breaking the limb a few inches above tho ancle. This unfortunate accident will prevent Mr Win. Gotch from leaving tho colony for Englund in tho Eoyal Standard, as he purposed doing for a visit, until his brother shall havo recovered. A series of bumping races, for which arrange ments wero mado about a month ago, by a commit tee consisting of members of the several boating clubs, came off on the Yarra, on Saturday afternoon last. The occasion was intended more for tho pur pose of reviving boat racing than for the sake of competition, or tho value of prizos. Indeed, as regarded competition, there could be none, as be tween clubs, for every boat was pulled by a mixed crew, while the prizes, which consisted of trophies to bo purchased by tho entry inonoj's, wero more a matter of form than anything else, in order to oveato an interest in the event. There wore in all twenty - four enlrios. The committee of management ap pointed the Btroke oars, and tho other members of tho crew were drawn for. In tho first heat four crews started, consisting of Dr. James (stroke), and Messrs Woolnough, Kippliug, and James Mitchell, inthoAtalanta; Messrs Williams (stroke), Buchanan, Coates, and Gaunson, in the Petrel ; Messrs E, Mitchell- (stroke), Tinbury, Butt, and Swinbourno in the Little Ariel ; and Messrs James Mitchell (stroke), Byrne, Brown and Orford, in tho Melbourne Tho course was from Princo's Bridge to Brandreth's Ferry and tho starting arrangements wore under tho management of Mr &. Carrick, as sisted by Mr Hull. At about half-past threo, the four bouts having been got into position, an excellent start was effected, and in about twenty yards from tho starting point the Melbourne bumped tho Ariel and put her crow out of the contest. Both boats then returnodt A pretty stiff contest was, however, maintained between the two first boats to within about two hundred yards of tho ferry. The starting distance was pretty evenly maintained till the boats rounded tho corner, after whicli tho Petrol gradually drew up on the Atalanta and bumped her. In tho second heat other two crews entered. They consisted of Messrs Nichols (stroke), Campbell, Norton and Walleu, in tho Melbourne ; and Messrs Manuel (stroke), Mnssy, Tomploton and Kenny, in tho Little Ariel. Mr Williams's crew occupied tho Atalanta, and Mr James Mitchell's tho Petrel. This heal was also well contested. Tho Petrel did not succeed in bumping the Atalanta till rounding tho bond, but this was to a great extent owing to bad steering, an error that was taken ad vantage of by tho shrewder coxswain of the other boat. Between the Melbourne and the Ariel the struggle was kept up to the last. No perceptible difference took place between the boats from the start to tho turn. Aftec this, tho Arisl began to creep up on tho Melbourne, but did not »ac eeed in overtaking ho.1 till the goal was reached. The dis taj.ee beteeou ti» two boats at tho close was only a fow inches. In the third heat, James Mitchell's and Nicholl's crews only entered — the latter in the Petrel leading, and the former in tho Ariel. Manuel was unable to enter on this occasion, in consequonco of Mr Templeton, one of his crew, becoming slightly indisposed from tho exertions of tho firat heat. The contest between tho two boats was of very short duration, tho Ariel overtaking the Petrol at about half way to tho bend. The crew of tho Ariel, tho winning boat, was com posed of members of four different clubs, namely, Mitchell, Bichmond Club ; Byrne, Melbourne Club; Orford, Prince of Wales Club j and Brown, Ariel Club. A parade of tho Emerald Hill corps of the Vic torian Volunteer Artillery was hold at tho orderly room, on Saturday. Tho muster was a good one, about ono hundred of tho members being present. After executing a few of tho ordinary movements in a very efficient manner, they marched to the St. Kilda butts, where, under the superintendence of Bombardier Fortune, of the Eoyal Artillery, they wero engaged for several hours at big gun drill. Before dismissing tho men, Captain Anderson inti mated that it was his intention to strictly enforce the fine for non-attendance. We have been requested to call attention to the fact that classes for instruction in gymnastics will be opened in the Exhibition Building on Wodnos dajr evening next. Tho classes will bo continued daily with the exception of Saturday. Volunteers attending them will bo admitted at half prico. The free instruction docs not: commence until after tho encampment. A musical and elocutionary entertainment, in con nection with the Eichmond Young Men's Christian Association, took place in the artillery orderly room, Eichmond, on Wednesday evening last, which was attended by a numerous and respectable audience. Tho musical part of tho programme, which was ap propriately arranged and comprehensive, was well carriod out by Missos Young, Downes, Fergie, Beaumont, Davis and Bryant ; and Messrs Blan chard, Beaumont, Heath vand others ; while the elocutionists, among whom were Messrs Palmer, Mitchell and Wilmoth, acquitted themselves most creditably. Altogether, ? a very pleasant ovoning was passed by thoso present. 