NEWS OF THE WEEK. It vas currently reported a few days before the de parture of the English mail, that the Duke of New castlewas about to resign the Secretaryship of State for tle Colonies, owing to ill health. Our London telegam, however, states the resignation to be nn fait iccoiupli, and announces Lord Wodehonso us his succsssor. Of Lord Wodehonso very little is known. The Australian and New Zealand Gazette of 9th Jamary says :—“ Lord Wodehonso is one of the moit rising young men connected with the liberal pasy. lie has been Under Secretary for Foreign A&irs; and Ambassador at St. Petersburg, bnt his ejperioucc is entirely diplomatic, and ho cannot at present that weight and influence in the Cibinot which is required from the representative ot tie interests of the colonies.” Some significance nay bo attached to Lord Wodehouse’s appointment, from the circumstance that he had just returned from a special mission to Copenhagen. Bod’s u Peerage, Baronetage and Knightage” (1863 edition), supplies the following information “ Wodehouso, third .Baron (Great Britain). Created 1797; Bart., 1611. John Wodehouse, son of the late hon. Henry Wodc houso (who died 1831), by the only daughter of Thoophilus Thornhagh Gordon, Esq., of Letton, Norfolk. Bom in London 1826: married, 18-17, the eldest daughter of the third Earl of Clare (she was bora 182/5); succeeded his grandfather in 1816; educated at.Christ Church, Oxford, where ho was first doss in classics 1817 ; was appointed a doputy lioutenant of Norfolk, 1817 ; was Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs from December, 1852, to April, 1856 ; Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipo tentiary to Russia from May, 1856, to March, 1858; again Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs from Juno, 1859, to July, 1861; is patron of eleven livings. The first baron in this family had pre viously been knighted for his conduct at the siege of Cadiz ; the fifth baronet represented Norfolk in five Parliaments, and the sixth was the first peer. Residences: 18 Bryanston square, London, W.; Kimberley, Norfolk.” As showing the serious light in winch the Gor man quarrel is viewed in Great Britain, the Homo News states that orders hava been sent already to the shipping ports in the East to ship no produce by r either German or Danish vessels, and in the present state of affairs the example, no doubt, will bo generally followed. Wo learn from the Star that the vagaries of Mr H. Salmon, the Ballaorat auctioneer, who has so frequently figured of late in the police courts at that place, are at length suspended, if not radically cured, by the infliction on him of a month’s im prisonment by the magistrates, who, in giving judg ment on a scries of very’ disgraceful proceedings, said that the prisoner’s conduct could not bo over looked aftor’the medical opinion in favor of his ac countability given by Dr. Buuce. The Creswick Advertiser states that “ the produce of four bushels of potato oats, sown upon two and a half acres of land at Lennon’s farm, Bnllarook, was threshed last week by Mr Richardson’s machine, and yielded three hundred and fifty-three and a half bushels,” A meeting of subscribers—for the most part members of the council—of the Art Union of Vic toria, was hold, on Monday, in Mr Summers's Art Gallery, for the purpose of considering the question whether the society should cease to exist. The support awarded for the present year is of the most meagre description : twenty-six subscribers haring contributed thirty guineas. The society, however, is in ft position, if wound up, to pay back nearly twenty shillings in the pound. It seemed to be the general opinion that, unless the public came forward with a liberal support,. it was vain to trust to the effort of a few individuals, and that the society should bo at once dissolved ; but, to give the public an opportunity still to come forward, the meeting was adjourned till Monday next, at four o’clock, in Mr Summoi’s’a gallery’. If wo may believe our Queensland telegram, the, notorious Frank Gardiner has been captured at last. It appears that wearying of bis predatory life, ho adopted the more comfortable vocation of a boui faco and took an hotel at the Aplin Creek, Peak Downs, where ho was arrested. He was lodged in Brisbane gaol on Saturday, whence ho will be for warded to Sydney. The adjourned annual meeting of the Royal Society was hold in the Society’s hall, Latrobc street, on Monday evening; Dr. Macadam, president, in the chair. There were only fourteen members present. The business of the meeting was solely for the election of ofllco-boarers for the year, and members of council in the room of those retiring by rotation. In the course of the proceedings Dr. Mueller and Dr. Macadam took occasion io express their determination not to accept of any office in connection with the society, on the ground that they considered there ought to be as largo nn infusion of new members ns possible, and also because of their inability, from the pressure of other engagements, to attend properly to the duties of any office. The elections resulted as follows .’—President, Professor M‘Coy ; vice-presidents, the Rev, Dr. Blcosdalc and Dr. Gillbee ; treasurer, Mr A. K. Smith; librarian, Mr Stut/.er; custos, Mr Archer; and secretary, Mr Ellery. The following gentlemen were elected to the vacancies in the council :—Dr. Barker, Messrs E. Vbu Guerard, O.D’Oyley Aplin, T. C. Rawlings, and E. G. Fitegibbon. It was intimated by the chairman that for other vacancies that had occurred in the council, through tire election of members to honorary offices, a special meeting would shortly bo held. A meeting of the electors of South Grant was held at Geelong on Saturday last. The meeting was convened at the instance of Mr M'Cann, M.L.A., for the purpose of affording him an op portunity of stating his intentions with reference to the third reading of the Laud Bill. Ho wont into a lengthy explanation of the measure, and de clared his determination to vote against its being read a third time. Ho stated, however, that, if his constituents desired the bill to pass, and if the meeting passed a resolution to that effect, ho would accept such an expression of opinion as evidence that his views no longer accorded with those of the electors, and, that being so, he would at once re sign his position as their member. Ho said he felt ho could not degrade the position of a repre sentative, by consenting to act as a mere delegate, which ho would do if ho voted for a measure to which ho was conscientiously opposed; neither did ho desire to retain his seat one after he felt that he no longer represented the opinions of his constituents. After considerable discussion, a motion was proposed by Mr Wilson, seconded by Mr ilall, “ That this mooting approves of tho Land Bill, and desires that Mr M'Cann will vote for its being rend a third time.” To this an amendment was proposed by Mr Wylie,, seconded by Mr Kennedy, “ That this meeting does not fairly represent the electors of South Grant, and that tho question submitted to tho meeting bo left to Mr M’Ciiun’s own judgment.” The amendment on being put was carried by a large majority, there being over one hundred hands for it, and five for the original motion. An exceedingly interesting pic-nic was given on Saturday, by Mr'Politz, tho cigar manufacturer, to tho largo staff of employes in his establish-, meut, who, as "will bo seen, gladly seized-the occa sion to testify their great respect and esteem for their employer’s unvarying kindness and consider ation for them. Tho event was the first of tho land amongst them, although in great probability but tho first of an annual series. Mr Politz’s fac tory was closed for tho day ; and.about nine a.m. there started thence a procession, headed by the baud of tho Immigrants’ Home, and consisting of about 130 apprentices, 30 cigar makers and others, marshalled by Mr M. Harvic, tho manager of tho factory, and Mr Wahnor, manager of Mr Politz’s tobacco farm at Daudenong. Two banners were carried, one of which was made entirely of various kinds of tobacco leaves, fringed with cigars ; but tho chigf attraction was a Brobdigungian cigar, nearly eight foot long, which was carried on an elevated framework. Tho procession having tra versed several of ,lho leading streets of the city, leaving in then- track a fragrant cloud of tho smoko of the home production, assembled at the Flinders street railway station, on route for Brighton, whence—hearty cheers having been given for Mr Politz—they wore con veyed to their destination. Arrived there, various games were soon actively engaged in, the chief of which wore cricket, football, and running matches. On the old Brighton racecourse, a largo tent had been erected, and ample provision made for the occasion. Shortly after twelve o’clock, drums sounded for dinner, apdsoon tho tables were filled by tho party, who were in a high state of en joyment. Sir Politz presided, supported on cither side by Mr Harvic and Mr Wahner. In due time fun and laughter having ceased, at a call from Mr Harvie, that gentleman proposed that they should drink to tho health of Mr Politz, and, iu doing so, spoke of his constant kindness, generosity, and careful attention to their welfare. He then pre sented an address to Mr Politz, from the senior class of employes in the factory, accompanied by tho gift of a valuable silver cigar case, tho acceptance of which was bogged as a slight token of tho respect and esteem they entertained for him. Mr Harvic then called upon Mr Brown, one of tho apprentices, who, on their behalf, read a similar address requesting that their employer would do them the favor of accepting an accompany ing silver vase, Tliis address was got up entirely amongst the boys, who had subscribed sixpence a week each for tho vase, which was a highly orna mental and costly piece of work. Mr Politz then rose, amidst prolonged cheers, and feelingly ex pressed his acknowledgments for the kindness dis played towards him, and, iu tho words of tho address, trnsted that he might enjoy many years of health and prosperity so as to enable him to return it. Ho then proposed tho health of Mr Harvic, highly com plimenting him at the same time. A suitable reply was given, and, after a few more and similar toasts, the party broke up and games were resumed. An hour or so later another pleasure party arrived, ac companied by' a good band, evidently on dancing bent. Towards evening the employes returned to tho factory in tho same order they' loft, all in high spirits, and none tho worse for their day’s amuse ment. A meeting of the Garrick Club, convened for tho purpose of considering what steps should bo taken in connection with the proposed Shakspcaro memo rial, was hold on Monday, in the Garrick's Head Hotel, Mr \V, H. Williams, the vice-president, occupied tho chair. After Uic disposal of some routine business, the meeting proceeded to consider the special business of the evening. The secretary j read various minutes bearing on tho subject, after which a somewhat desultory conversation ensued. 1 Mr Rusden, secretory of the memorial committee, stated that, in regard to tho financial aspect of tho matter, there was £4OO in tho bank, which it had been decided by a majority of the subscribers to devote towards the formation in the University o a Shakspcaro scholarship, and that ho could ■ guarantee £2OO more towards tho same end. Tho , views of those who were in favor of a statue wore represented by about £4O. Ho anticipated that the £6OO ho hud already mentioned would speedily * bo increased to £IOOO, as Dr. Bromby and other gentlemen had agreed to deliver a course of lectures, the proceeds of which would also bo devoted to the purpose of founding a scholarship. After some fur- 1 thor conversation, Mr Philp moved, and Mr Ford seconded, “ that in tho opinion of this meeting it is desirable to give a performance in aid of the Shakspcaro statue fund already in hand, and that immediate steps be taken for that purpose.” Tho motion was unanimously agreed to, as was also ono to the effect that his Excellency the Governor •bo requested to givo his patronage to tho perform ance. It was afterwards moved by Mr Philp, seconded by Mr Bulman, and carried unanimously', “ That SirF. Murphy, Messrs James Smith and Dr. Ncild be invited to co-operate with the following members of the club, Messrs Williams, Ford, Philp, Banks, and the hon. secretary, as a committee to cany out the necessary arrangements of the perfor mance ; and that the said committee have power to add to their number," The ordinary business of the society was then proceeded with, when tho resigna tion of Mr W. M. Hudspeth, secretary and member of the club, was accepted, and Mr J. M. Fordo ap pointed bon. secretary pro ’tefon.; and Mr Bulman elected treasurer in lieu of Mr Woodow, who was incapacitated from holding office in consequence of his frequent non-attendance. Tho public will bo glad to learn that tho Govorn menthas conferred the vacant post of Health Officer at tho Heads on Dr. J. D. Owens, tho late member for Mandurang. Of Dr. Owens’s qualifications for this appointment, there cun be no diversity of opinion. A member of tho Royal College of Surgeons, and an M.D., ho holds high testimonials from tho Impe rial Government as nn emigration officer, In tho early days of the gold- fields, Dr. Owens had a private practice, being, we believe, the first medical man who settled at Bendigo. Of late years ho has been better known as a politician and journalist. The appointment is a graceful re cognition of tho public services of a popular re presentative, whoso honesty and , consistency bavo remained unimpeacbed for a long , course of years. Dr. Owens retired from Parlia ment about nine months ago. Ho bad, previous to the lust election, resumed practice at Bendigo, but . was induced, to contest Maudurang in conjunction ... with Mr Sullivan. Ho was recognised as tbo only, candidate who could successfully oppose Mr Pan ton, who would otherwise bavo divided the representation . with the (then) Commissioner of Customs. For tbo first Assembly, under tbo Now Constitution, Dr. , Owens defeated Dr. Candler for tbo district of tbo > Loddon. It will be remembered that Sir Charles Hotliam nominated Dr. Owens to a seat in tbo old Council, recognising thereby those claims of the miners which bo bad so strenuously and successfully advocated. , . . i . The quarterly report of the health officer of Sydney • docs not speak very favorably of the condition of tbo • poorer classes of that city. The report says:— “ The dwellings of the poor and laboring class in • the city arc notoriously bad. In largo cities and towns in England great improvements in such dwellings have been-made. Philanthropists bavo come forward to aid this, and thoir efforts have been crowned with groat benefit, Hero wo want some thing of the same spirit to protect the health and add to the comfort of our laboring population. Tbo most unwholesome lanes and alloys of huts in the city are the properties of tbo most wealthy colonists. Agents are employed to collect tbo rents, but not to repair or clean such dwellings. For instance, take the lanes between Kent and Sussex streets, George street south, Goulbum and Dixon streets, and tbo far-famed (why?) ‘Durand’s alloy.’ Here are to be found the habitations of .the poor—a family to each room ; and, for tbo most part, those are pro perties of high and wealthy people. In those places children are reared in filth and dirt, contract dis gusting habits ; and I frequently find in such places children afllicted with skin diseases. Under the , circumstances of tbo possible further development of disease as population increases in the city, more accommodation should bo provided in hospitals. It monstrous is to suppose that tbo Infirmary, contain ing only 200 beds, is sufficient accommodation for all urgent cases of disease and accidents. This want causes many poor and destitute sick to linger and die at their homes, becoming a focus for the propagation of disease to the whole community.” Tbo new missionary ship Day Spring, now lying alongside the railway pier, Sandridgo, was on Tuesday tbo great centre of attraction to the juvenile portion of the community. It bad been announced some days previously that, on Tuesday, the ship would bo open to the inspection of tbo children belonging to the various metropolitan and suburban Sunday schools, and arrangements .were accordingly made to render the event of as interesting a nature as possible. The Melbourne and Hobson’s Bay Bailway Company ‘ agreed to run special trains during tbo day, at a very low faro, in order that the utmost facility might bo given towards a strong muster of youthful visitors, and, accordingly, from ton o’clock in tbo . morning until nearly dusk, almost every train from Melbourne contributed its quota towards the grand total swarming tbo decks and crowding tbo spacious cabins of the vessel. Under tbo manage ment of Captain Fraser and the other officers of the ship, as well as a committee appointed for that pur poso, matters were so-arranged as to permit of the , children inspecting, with some degree of the noblo craft which thoir pence bad built. A mis sionary box was placed on the table of tbo chief cabin, and, when opened after the pro ceedings of the day bad terminated, was found to contain between £8 and £9 towards... the mission fund. Each visitor, before leaving tbo vessel, was supplied with some slight refresh ment, and those who bad dropped their mite intq the missionary box received, in addition, a poem or hymn, written by one of the missionaries, in which were summarised the leading incidents of the voyage from Halifax to Melbourne. About half-past one o'clock the children, to tbo number of about 2000, assembled in the railway shed, and were addressed by the Ilcvs. Geo. Mackie and A. Morrison, by whom the claims of missions were eloquently advocated. Tbo amendments of tbo Legislative Council in serted in tbo Consolidation Bills were adopted with slight alteration in the Assembly on Tuesday. The effect is to postpone tbo operation of tbo various . acts till the Ist of January, 1860. The committee of tbo Melbourne Homo bavo for warded ns tbo following report of tbd institution, from Ist to 29tb February, inclusiveßegistra tions : Governesses, 4 ; needlewomen, 12; servants, 148; total, 159. Engagements; Governesses, 2; servants, 100 ; total, 102. Inmates : Governesses, 4; needlewomen, 13; servants, 32: total, 49. Num ber in Home, 29th February, 28. The committee hike this opportunity of informing the public that there is every hope of tbo institution proving self supporting; when relieved from the burden of yearly rent which it now has to bear. It is thoir earnest wish to buy or build premises, and for that purpose their collector, Mr Welsh, is obtaining donations. The amount collected before the opening of the in stitution Inis been the only fund available for fur nishing and carrying on the current expenses of tbo Home. Now that the institution is in full working order, a scale of fees has been decided on by the oommittoo (to be obtained of their collector or at tbo Home), to suit cither those employers who may wish to .subscribe annually, or those employers who may prefer making single engagements. An Italian was arrested at Ballaxrnt, ou Saturday evening last, ou suspicion of having murdered Giu seppe Staguio, at Ironstone Flat, Epsom, about a year ago. He was brought before tbo Eastern Court, ou Monday, and remanded for two days in order that an interpreter might bo procured. A mooting of tbo Flood Relief Committee was bold on Tuesday afternoon in tbo mayor’s room, at tbo Town Hall, for the purpose of distributing/ relief, from tbo sum in band, to tbo more urgent cases of distress occasioned by the groat December floods. Mr Sturi, tbo police magistrate, occupied tbo chair. It was stated that the committee bad still a sum of about £7O in band for distribution, and, after careful examination of the various cases put forward by claimants to relief, the following sums were voted: —To —Stewart, Kew, £7 10s; Thomas Ward, for assistance afforded to his neigh bors and others in the flood, £8; Mrs Watts, £lO, in addition to u former grant of £ls; George Fitx siraon, £7 10s, in addition to a former vote of £10; Barrow, £5 ; Mrs Arnold,. Emerald Hill, £5;, John Ralcliffe, £2 10s, in addition to £5 already received. It was resolved that tbo balance, amount ing to about £35, should bo retained in baud to meet any oases of urgent distress which might yet be put forward, The oommittoo thou adjourned sino dio, Mr Maofarlauo, the inspector of fisheries, has re cently visitod the several fishing stations around Port Phillip Bay, for tho purpose of seeing that the provisions of tho Fisheries Act were duly ob served. He found that in several instances illegal nets were used. These were at once seized, and tho owners wore summoned to ap pear at tho Police Court, Williamstown. Tuesday was the day appointed for hearing tho complaints, and the following wore tho results Ah Poa, a Chinese, was fined forty shillings and costs, and forty-five' fathoms of not belonging to him was ordered to bo forfeited. Kong Wan, also a Chinese, was fined forty shillings and costs, and thirty-three fathoms of hjs nets was also ordered to bo forfeited. John Gecsam, another Chinaman, was fined twenty shillings and costs, and forty-eight fathoms of his net was forfeited. Hans C. Jansen was fined forty shillings and costs, arid forfeited ten fathoms of not. A schooner, tho Falcon, lately built in tho marine yard, Williamstown, under the supervision of Captain Elder, V.N.8., for tho use of the revenue officers at Western Port, was the vessel employed on this occasion, aud she has shown herself fully equal to tho requirements of tho service for which she is intended. In tho laud whore the sun shines from the north and cherry stones grow outside tho cherry, it may not seem extraordinary, in the conduct of parlia mentary business, that a bill minutely discussed and agreed to in all its details should then bo debated on principle on the occasion of its third reading. Tin’s was actually the position of affairs on tho motion for iho third reading of the Laud Act Amendment Bill on Wednesday. Tho old familiar arguments, tho same musical tones which, night after night, have delighted hon. members to utter and to listen to, for a month past,- were given over again, happily for tho last time, for this session at least. Mr O’Shanassy made the first considerable deviation from tho rule of temperance which has been tacitly laid down for the conduct of business this session; aud, in a somewhat incoherent speech, attacked the Govern ment, and abused their bill in unmeasured terms. The House adjourned to dinner, and, on resuming, tho Attorney-General replied to tho ex-Chicf Secretary, and sharply rebuked him for his want of temper, and recklessness of assertion. Some personalities were exchanged, which were stopped at the intervention of the Speaker, The debate then continued with great dolucss until midnight, when the third reading was carried by a majority of four, the numbers being 34 to 80. A meeting of muster bakers was'held on Wednes day, at the Albion Hotel, Bourko street, to consider whether the price of bread should bo again raised. There was but a thin attendance. Mr Wecdow took the chair. After a desultory discussion, it was resolved not to interfere with tho price at present, and the meeting then adjourned till Saturday oveuing next. The following rather curious fact in couueotion with tho working of tho Great Gulf Company is mentioned by tho Ballnarat Evening Post:— “ When tho wind is in the North, aud the tempera ture high, a current of very foul air comes from a fissure in the rook, and greatly impedes the work ings. In cool weather, however, and when tho wind is from any other quarter, a strong current of air is drawn from tho shaft into the fissure. This would seem to indicate the existence of some large subter ranean chasm, which may entitle the company’to tho name they have assumed.” We give tho following for what it is worth. It is an extract from a communication forwarded to tho Ovens Constitution by the Wood’s Point corres pondent of that journal Melbourne capitalists, or assumed capitalists, are applying for leases of from twelve to twenty-five acres ; and, no doubt, unless opposition be made, the applications will be granted. It is very questionable whether or not the lessees will bo able to expend tho necessary capital on the ground; in fact, it is nothing more than monopolising the district and preventing individual enterprise. The most glaring instance of this oc curred lately. Mr M'Lollan, an honorable member in tho House of Assembly, came hero, applied for a lease of over twenty acres, the miners supposed it would be nonsense to oppose so august a per sonage, the application was granted, and he has since disposed of the ground in lots, and realised over £*looo by the transaction. Not a bad ‘ spec’ either! If a co- operative prospecting association were formed it might bo the means of keeping those wary Melbourne business gentlemen out of the field.” “ A remarkably nice legal poiut,” says the Talbot Leader “ was raised in the Police Court on Monday by John M'Lennan, a storekeeper residing at Mount Greenock, who was summoned for carrying on busi ness on Crown lands, ho not being provided with a business license. Defendant asserted that inasmuch as his store was erected on the lease hold by tho Talbot Gold Mining Company, he was not, in fact, on Crown land, ns the land hud been alienated from tho Crown for a term of years. This slate of things appeared somewhat difficult to decide and the defen dant ultimately asked for an adjournment to enable him to obtain the attendance of some witnesses. The bonoh, no doubt, felt pleased at not being called upon to give their decision hastily on such a novel question.” It would appear that Burke, the Epp'mg mur derer, has been at last arrested. Tho Ovens Con stitution, of Monday, says that, on Saturday, Bartho lomew Burke, alias Morri, alias Callaghan, was brought up on remand from Belvoir, charged with having wilfully murdered his wife, about six years ago, at Epping, near Melbourne. The bench re manded him to Melbourne. Tho Grenville Advocate states that, “ on Satur day last, a number of Chinamen were circulating bad half-sovereigns at Carngham, Mr Calaghan, hotel-keepcr, on Bottle Hill, having been tried with one that was soft and easily bent, and more deeply milled than those of genuine manufacture.” 