The Provident Institute directors, or at any rate those against whom a con viction was obtained, have at last been run to earth. .They have availed themselves to the utmost of the shift- ings and windings which the law pro vides for persons in their position ; they have taken every advantage which the best legal advice procurable could suggest to them, and the sentence passed upon them yesterday was not pronounced until every argument which could be adduced in their favour had- been urged over and over again to the judge who tried them and the judges who reviewed the verdict. No one can say that any advantage has been taken of popular prejudice. The trial was not commenced until the in solvency of the Provident Institute had become a matter of history, and the depositors had become, if not reconciled to their losses, at least accustomed to them. The first jury by which the defendants were tried were unable to agree upon a verdict, and two persons against whom a similar charge was brought were actually acquitted. The Chief Justice well qbserved that these facts were sufficient f,'isw8l' tp the assertion that- the jury sacrificed the defendant to appease a , strong public feeling which demanded a victim. Tho complicity of the de-- fendants, anil their Knowledge of the transactions into which Mr Pouter entered, were mattors about which considerable difference of opinion might very fairly exist. But it was proved that the irregular transactions extended over a period of four years, that they were seventy-ninu in number, and that Capt. Sawkll was chairman at twenty- six meetings of directors, at which these irregular transactions took place. Had the act for the punishment of fraudulent and careless directors been in force two years ago, there would havo been no difficulty in obtaining a conviction. Under the law as it now stands, a director who is careless and neglects the duties devolv ing upon his official position, is liable to punishment. And this, although it may at first sight appear harsh, is in reality only fair. ISo man is compelled to fake these functions of a director upon himself, but if lie does, and induces persons to intrust to his management funds with the promise that he will deal wi" h them to the best of his skill and nbility, the law, with great justice, takes care that lie shall properly discharge his self-imposed duties. Under the old law there was always considerable difficulty in obtaining a criminal con viction against directors who had not actually embezzled the funds entrusted to them. Fortunately for the ends of justice, the cases of Sawell and IIan- cock came — in the opinion of the judges — within the definition of conspiracy, and the two defendants have accordingly been sentenced to the severe punishment of imprisonment. Let us hope that their fate will be a warning to other directors, who, although perhaps equally guilty, have not sinned against the eleventh com mandment — in other words, have not been found out. Mr. Yerdon's quarterly returns of re venue and expenditure were published in yesterday's Government Gazette. Pursuant to our custom, we give a brief abstract of the Treasurer's tallies. Commencing with the statement of revenue received during the quarter ended the 31st ultimo, we find that the gross payments into the Treasury dur ing that period amounted to LG45,190 — fractions omitted. This sum was made up as follows : — Customs, L272,9G7 ; excise, L9004 ; territorial, L152,G39 ; public works, L144,212 ; ports and harbour's, LG310 ; postage, L30,371 ; fees, L14,3G8 ; fines and forfeitures, L4020 ; miscellaneous, L10,935. The expenditure proper in the same time was in the gross LG07,022, leaving a balance to the credit of the Treasury of L38,1G8. We now come to the Treasurer's particular yani'y, the comparative state ment of the estimated and the net revenue for the quarter. From this we obtain the following results: — Total estimated revenue, 1743,250 ; total net revenue, L587,3G3 ; total netdecrease,L155, 886. A decrease upon the Treasurer's esti mate is shown under all the important heads of revenue. The Customs re ceipts estimated at L273,500 realised L272,521 ; Excise, estimated at L9500, realised L5449 ; Territorial, estimated at L25o,050, realised L132,791 ; Pub lic Works, the estimated income from which was L143,000, yielded L119,346 Under the head of Ports and Har bours there is an increase on the estimate, the figures being respectively L5425 and LG303. Postage gives a small balance to the Treasury, the estimate being L30,000, and the' receipts from this source L30,1G2. The revenue from fees also shows in excess on the estimate, which was L9,437, the realised amount being LIS, 931. Fines and Forfeitures were estimated at L6350, while only L350G was obtained. Under tbe head of Miscellaneous,' the net receipts were greatly below tbe estimate, the amounts being L10,987 and L4350. The net revenues of tbe quarter and year, both ending 31st March, com pared with those of the same periods of 18G3, indicate an increase in favour of the quarter of the current year of L13,941, ond a decrease against it of L41G,257. These amounts are composed of the balances of the following sums : — Customs' increase on the quarter, L20,4S5 ; decrease on the year, LOOT'S Excise — decrease on the quarter, L8G34 ; and on the year, L12,277. Territorial — decrease on the quarter, L14,443 ; and on the year, L499,3G4. Public Works — Increase on the quarter, L12,523 ; and on tho year, L?8,309. Ports and Harbours — Increase on the quarter, L562 ; and on the year, L2790. Postage — Increase on the quarter and year respectively, L1775 and L4548. Fees — Increase m both periods, L2129 and L2575. Fines — an increase of L1293 and L1131 respectively. Miscellaneous — a de crease on the quarter of Ll 748 ; and an increase on the year of L12,108. In the import duties on spirits there has been an increase on the quarter of LG793, and on tho year a decrease of L1G,401. On wine there is an increase of L1586 on the quarter and L2571 on tho year. On beer there is a decrease of L12G2 on the quarter, and an increase Tof L5038 on the year. Tobacco and snuff show an increase on the quarter of L127, and L3351 on the year; cigars, an increase of L638 on the quarter, and of L1512 on the year. Tea exhibits an increase of L17,218 on the quarter and L7104 on the year ; sugar a decrease of L9332 on the quar ter and L24,G32 on the year ; coffee an increase of L348" on the quarter, and a decrease of L1165 on the year ; on opium there is an increase of L2035 on tho quarter, and L3841 on the year ; on rice, an increase of LG9 on the quarter, and a decrease of L45S on the year. Dried fruits disclose a decrease of L118 on the quarter, and an increase of L173S on the year. Hops show an increase of L374 on the quarter, and L1386 on the year j malt, an increase ofLG42 on the quarter, and L19G0 on tho year; sheepwash tobacco, a decrease of L735 on the quarter, ?.r.d an increase of L1504 on tlie year. Tho amount received for registration fees exhibits an increase of L1600 on the quarter, and LG571 on , the year. Under the head of Excise, there is | an increase in the revenue from spirits ' distilled in the colony of L1G71 on the | quarter and L2G70 on the year. The falling off on the quarter in this divi- sion is mainly attributable to a decrease of L9120 in the receipts from spirit j merchants' licenses. The land revenue j shows a decrease on the quarter of L9987, and on tho year of L447,355. There is a decrease on the quarter in the gold export receipts of L5454, and of L4S,92G on the year. The rnilway income shows a comparative increase of L11,S44 on tho quarter, and L88,S42 on the year. Under the remaining heads of revenue, excepting an increase of L3G79 on the quarter in the receipts from " all other fees," there is nothing calling for particular reference. On inquiry at the residence of Mr Ilenlcs, yesterday evening, our reporter tvns informed that the lion gentleman was no better, and that lie had been in considerable pain during the whole of the day. A rumour was current in town, yesterday, that Mr Michle lias resolved to secede from the Ministry. Our Sydney telegram, to-day, announces the receipt in that city of news from Auckland to the 2nd instant. An attack made by a party of troops upon a native pa, near Kihikilii, Had failed, the Briiish suiTering n loss of four killed aud fourteen wouuded. 1 1 was believed In Auck land, nt the time the Sydney slcamer left, that the pa had slr.ee been taken. A number of the goldfiolds' journals, nnd one or two of our metropolitan contemporaries, nppcnr anxious to run down Wood's Point and the Jordan, nnd to assert that no permanent goldileld exists there. Of course, as Glpps Land and the Upper Goulburn ore not In New Zea land, justice can senrce'y he expected nt the hands of Victorian journnlists. It would, how ever, be better to wait a little while, and tee what quantity of gold is produced by the crushing machines recently erected, before any final judg ment is pronounced. Tite Government have offered a reward of L100 for suclt information as will lead to tlio conviction of tho person or psrsons who, on tho 19th Mnrcli, set fire to a stnek of strnw at Con- congclla Creek, the property of Mr S. J. Da vison. The duties of collecting the rents and charges payable for the storage of powder at Geelong arc transferred from the keeper of (lie powder magazines to the Collector of Customs in that town. The Board of Agriculture announce, through the medium of the Government Gazette, an amendment of a previous notice having reference to premiums. They now offer premiums for wines, tobacco. Victorian silk, cotton, hemp, and hops. The trial of Messrs Hancock and Sawell for conspiracy to defraud the shareholders and depositors oi the Provident Institute has at lost been brought to a close. The Term Court a few days since granted a rule nisi for a new trial principally on the ground that several of the jury had grossly misconducted themselves, and had been influenced by statements made outof court. Yesterday, however, when the rule was argued, this branch of the case was abandoned by tbe defendants' counsel, as the imputation' conveyed had been completely answered by tbe affidavits filed for the Crown. It was then urged that the cv'dence adduced at the trial was uot sufficient to sustain the verdict of guilty of conspiracy, the defendants being a1 tho most only guilty ofculpnbic negligence in allowing Porter and the others to transact the Institute's business as they thought lit. The judges, however, ruled that the ver dict was a proper one, and that it would be unwise to disturb it. The defendants' counsel then applied for leave to appeal' to tite Privy Council against the decision of the Court, admit ting the Institute's books in evidence against them, but tiiis was refused, as appeals were only permitted in civil cases. At a later period in the day the defendants were sentenced by Mr Justice Barry — Hancock to nine, and Saureli to six months' imprisonment. The judge was asked to impose a fine only, but he thought that that punishment would simply bo trifling witli the offence which had been committed. Sawell appeared very much aflcctcd by his position, and made several attempts to address the Court, but his feelings each time overcame hitn. Consider ing the interest which the ease has excited, there was but comparatively speaking a smad attendance of the public in tbe Court during the hearing of the case. A court of inquiry, consisting of Capt. Brewer (president), nnd Messrs AVoolley aud Moule, will nssemhle on Tuesday next, at the Volunteer Office, to take into consideration the conduct of Private Ren. Tite charge against him is — " For insubordinate conduct in having, at a parade for exercise under arms, on or about the 2-2nd March, 18G1, refused to obey the commands of Captain Claud Farie, his superior officer, when ordered by him to deliver up his arms and ac coutrements, he, the said Captain Claud Farie, being then in command." We believe it has been arranged that the meeting of tite Mining Boards in Melbourne, to consider the Mining Statute, shall take place on the 10th. .The police have csce talned that the bank defaulter Etheridge left for London, by tbe Aus tralian, ou the 28th ult. A privutc communication from Wood's Point iuforms us that a new company— tho Wellington — have taken up a spare piece of -ground adjoin ing Power nnd Quinn's claims, on the Morning Star HI!1, Wood's Point, and haiye osmmenced operations under favourable circumstances. The East Collingwood Rifle Volunteers, under the command of Sir Fiancis Murphy, are erect ing a substantial orderly room in tile Victoria Parade, at a cost of between L300 and L400. Members of the company have been supplied with collecting hooks for the purpose of collecting the contributions of the inhabitants. The architect of tbe building is Mr L. Taylcr. The Melbourne nnd Hobson's Bey Railway Company haverpublished " a statement of their claims to the consideration of the Legislature in the matter of wharfage rates, and to protection against unfair competition by the expenditure of public money upon rival undertakings." Tbe pamphlet contains fits whole case of the Com pany, nnd has been got up very carefully. The Bendigo Evening Hews thus calls atten tion to the effects of the weather la Sandhurst and its vicinity : — " The rain of lost night has added more difficulty in the way of the holders of road claims. With very few exceptions, every claim in High street is flooded on a level witli the road." A number of the students of law at the University having determined to present the late lecturer, the lion. H. S. Chapman, witli an address conveying their feelings of esteem nnd respect for him, n committee, composed of Messrs Quinlan, Spcnsley, nnd some few others, waited upon the hon. gentleman yesterday, at his chambers, and presented the address, which was handsomely engrossed on vellum. Mr Chnpmau, in replying to the address, expressed his sense of the honour tlicy had done him, and hoped that his old pupils would achieve success in the pro fession they had chosen. The hop. gentleman sails to-day for New Zealand, lie having been appointed a Judge of the Supreme Court in Otago. The Bendigo Independent puts forward the following plea for the establishment of local In solvent Courts : — " New Insolvent, — Easy Credit, of Muddy Creek, storekeeper. Causes of Insolvency : Decrease in business, conse quent upon there being no one to sell anything to, and pressure of creditors, wlro ' think if they do not get something now they are likely to get nothing at no distant period. Liabilities, L327 Cs 4|d ; assets, L7 2Jd ; deficiency, IJ320 3s 2d. Mr Snug Billet, official assignee. Al though this case of insolvency has not, nor is likely to, come before Colonial Commissioner, so many similar to it are every day published that it does not by any means read like on exceptional incident. Every second telegram that we receive from Messrs Greviile and Bird contains eases of local insolvents, ninny of such a character as that above, but whether of this description or not nil rejoicing in the fact that in nine out of ten instances it .vlli not be worth their creditors' while to proceed to Melbourne in order to recover wlint they enn oi their dchts; the consequence of this knowledge is that men con< inunlly go through the Court witli impunity, who, if there were but local insolvent courts, would receive pcriiaps lengthened terms of punishment. A man need not fear invostign- tion when he declares his assets nt about the one-humlrrdtli of Ids liabilities, inasmuch as he knows that the dividend to each individual cre ditor would be so small that nothing but mo tives oi vengeance (if we may use the word) would induce a trip to Melbourne, and that very few men are -o be found who in the interests of society are willing to spend their own money in an effort to bring an offender to justice " Relative to the condition of St. Paul's Chutcb,- Bnllanrat, the Post says : — " AYe understand that it has now b en definitely arranged, by the' committee of St. Paul's Chuich, acting under the advice of Mr Terryy the architect, that the portion of tin building next the' Danish Quartz mining company's claim, is to be taken down, nnd that the building is to be further extended towards Iluinffray-strcet. This is much to bo regretted as the congregation must have been nt a largq outlny in erecting tho present building." The result of the Smeaton Raecs (according to the'Ballaarnt Poit) is us follows: — Smeaton Handicap, Mr Cain's Blink Bonny, 1 ; Mr John's Bosh, 2; Glengovcr Stakes, Yorltsliireinau, 1 ; Handicap Hurdle Race, Yorksliiremaa, 1; Sliiro Handicap, Carishrook, 1 ; Bosh, 2. No trouble has been spared to render the Fitzroy Gardens one of the most picasnnt, as well as one of the most elegant, of our public reserves. Now that the autumn season lias arrived there is no ditiiculty for the inexpe rienced in distinguishing between the English trees and the coloninl, for while tl.p former are beginning to shed their foiinge nbundantly the latter still retain their evergreen nppearnnco. The pieces of statuary distributed about the gar dens afford a pleasing relief to the eye, while the fountains which have recently been erected servo equally well for use and ornament. Tbe following bit of information will no doubt be welcome to the Acclimatisation Society. The Dauiili vessel Jorgen Brulin lias brought out two nssee, which we are infotmed are in splendid condition. The same ship has also brought twelve calves of a superior breed. Arrangements are in progress for a match, on the Melbourne Ground, on Thursday next, between an eleven selected from the City Council and officers of the corporation, ai.d an eleven from the councils cf the suburban boroughs. As it is expected that this novel descrip'ion oi municipal contest will attract a considerable company, a small charge will be made fur admit tance to the ground, nnd the proceeds will be given to the Benevolent Asylum. The International Mntch Committee met on Thursday cveniug and decided that the following twenty-two should play against the All England Eleven on the 21st, 22nd, and 23rd instant, , the committee reserving the right of altering any names, should such be found desirable : — Bryant, Cosstick, Greaves, Wilis, Marshall, Cameron, Hewitt, Huddiestone, Hopkjnson, Tnit, Mor timer, R. W. Wardill, J. Smith, Simiuonds, Morris, Conway, Gibson, Kelly, Phillips, J. .Makinson, Sweeney, O'Brien ; ,23rd, Jacomb; 24tb, Cox; 25th, B. Butterwortii ; umpiro, J. A. Smith; scorer, C. Hipweli. < The public would no doubt l'ke to have the opinion of the Melbourne .Chamber of Commerce upon the proposed augmentation of the postage rate, upon letters for Australia. It is somewhat singular that the representatives of Victorian commerce should not have Jfiade any sign in the matter before this, nnd that they have not done so is certainly not crcditnbie to their watchful ness, The attention of the Bnllnarat Chamber was called to the subject at the lust meeting of (hut body, but as its financial affairs are not in the best condition, a member suggested that it would be preferable to get the chamber re organised on a siund basis prior to taking up such questions. We trust that the Melbourne Chamber will not lose sight of the importance of their pronouncing an opinion upon the contem plated increase of charge) prior to the mail leaving. The different volunteer corps in tho colony are at present busily engaged receiving musketry instruction, so that the members may be able to finish the duty by next month. The instruc tion commenced in October last, aud the differ ent corps have worked with considerable steadiness for their badges. Of course during the camp nt Sunbury the practice was not pro ceeded with, but the volunteers have again commenced work, and it expected from the almost general good feeling and anxiety to ex cel that prevails throughout each company that the men will be equal if not inr superior in point of precision with the rifle to any paid force tint could be raised. It is somewhat refreshing to find that the Bnllanrat Chamber of Commerce is now only insolvent to the extent of L33 I7s. At a meeting of the members on Thursday evening, the chairman, Mr Lang said, that several gentle men had agreed to pay pro rata towards clearing off the bslnnce of debt, and he thought that by tlio_Jiext_ meeting he would be in a pr-sltion to congratulato the chamber upon being financially frce.„. Yesterday being the last day of tho Enster Term sittings of the Supreme Court, several gentlemen were admitted to practice as barristers arid solicitors. The barristers were Mr H. Molcsworth and Mr H. Spensley ; the solicitors, | Mr T. Pavey, Mr A. C. Akehurst, ilr C. R. Cotton, Mr G. AY. Foott, Mr T. N. Spong, and Mr Wm. Welsli.; Messrs Collier, Barry, and Co, contractors for the construction of the . Ecliuca Extension Line of Railway, have been complimented by a banquet given in their honour by- a Sandhurst "local body" rejoicing in the title of the Picnic Com mittee of the St. Patrick's Benefit Society. It seems tiint the firm placed the whole of their engines and- tracks at the disposal of the com mittee on Si. Patrick's Day, when a large number of members and friends were conveyed to and ..from Goornong without any charge to the s iciety. ll has been already stated in these columns, tliat-.a new racing club was in course of orga nisation. The promoters of the movement have so far succeeded in their object as to place upon tlieir members' roll 150 names, in addition to which, some thirty others are proposed for admission. Wo are requested to state that the first general meeting of tho inemhers of the Victoria Raning Club, will be held at Sentt's Iiotfl, on Wednesday next, the 13t!»,,inst., at two p.m. The business will include the election of a committee of management, to consider and decide upon the new rules, and to transact c tlier business. The Bendigo Independent dellrcrs itself of the following local anecdote : — " An amusing in stance occurred at Bcecliworth the other day of one creditor in an estate unconsciously playing into the hands of another. Baker No 1 took out an execution against a debtor at Wooragcc, hut the bailiff could find nothing to seize upon. Baker No 2 also took out an execution against tbe same party, and being determined to take time by the forelock, rode out to Woorngce to see it executed. Ou arriving there, he found tho first warrant lmd duly arrived, nnd thinking it to be his own, lie asked what property was levied upon. Tho bailiff, replied that lie could find no property, whereupon Baker No 2 took the trouble to point out a lot of stock running in the busli as belonging to the party against whom judgment had baen obtained. This stock wa» accordingly j levied upon, and Baker No2 found to his chagrin that lie had mjrcly been playing into tbo hands of Baker No 1. His own warrant came down ! shortly afterwards, but the previous Beizurc | swallowed up every thing." | Mr Pope, M.L.A., has been feted by his i Buninvong constituents, represented by the | Shire and Borough Houncils. At o compli mentary dinner given to (lie lion, member on I Tliurday, in responding to the toast of the even ing, lie gave a brief explanation of the course of action lie had followed witli respect to the Land Bill, and was loudly applauded. In reference to tho Mining Bill, lie said "he had paid some little attention to the question of mining on private property, and he was surprised to find that the Victorian Parliament had altogether ignored in the new bill the right of dealing with lands alienated before the passing of the Consti tution Act in 1855. Should the bill be passed, it would, therefore, require to be sent home and laid before the Imperial Government— so it would he still some time before it could be passed, if ever, int i law." The Ballaarat Post announces that Mr L. Knbat, has been re- appointed sub-inspector of police, and to-day started for Hamilton where he lias been stationed. Mr M-Namarn has been removed from Smythcsdalc to Richmond, and Mr Ryall is to be removed from the latter place \- to Bnllanrat. Tho only ease of any interest at the City Police Court yesterday, was one in wh'ch W m D'Arcy, a man of gentlemanly appearance, was charged witli stealing n pocket book, containing LG5; -nnd a bank receipt for L1300 from a squa tcr na.ued Malcolm Frnz.r, at present slopping at 'the Alb! in hole!. The prisoner pleaded guilty, nnd the evidence being taken, ho was committed for trial, bail being allowed in two sureties of L100 each. : At the weekly meeting of the Executive Com mittee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, the Superintendent made the follow ing return:— Number of inmates in lite Home as reported last week, 001 j admitted since, G2; persons who have received out-door relief, 90 ; total relieved, 753. Discharged from the Home during the week, GG. Total nt present remain ing, 597; consisting of children chargeable to Government, 429; eases chargeable to the so ciety, 1G8. The committee desire to acknow ledge, per Mr Goff, agent for sale of society's relief cards, the following subscriptions : — Messrs Dickson and Williams, Ll; Mr Joseph Cohen, 10s. Tho Geelong Advertiser is thus oracular : — " Our Melbourne correspondent furnishes us witli information which renders it likely that we shall luar of an interruption to the perform ances at the Haymarket Theatre. As the matter may be arranged, we do not feel at liberty tr give particulars at present." We believe that no grounds whatever exist for the statement that the pcrfotmances at this theatre arc likely to be interrupted. The proprietor of the Creswick and Cluncs Advertiser, Mr Francis, Is still missing. The Ballaarat correspondent of the Geelong Adver tiser communicates the following to that journal : — In Creswick to-day various opinions were expressed — some, that lie had been murdered for the money that it was known he had col lected on Ballaarat ; another, that he had got thrown from his buggy and bad fallen into a waterhole. Other rumours need not be particu larised. A judgment, was given against him in the County Court yesterday, on n bill of ex change, and to-day the bailiff took possession of the machine, typo, paper, etc. It is generally understood that the property is covered by a bill of side executed in favour of Major Stephens. Altogether the rumours are very conflicting, but it is to be hoped that a few days more will ex plain nil." The following notification lias been forwarded to us by the University authorities for publiea- tion : — Tito Council of the University will, on Monday, the 25th of April, proceed to the elec tion of lecturers for the academic year 18G5-GG, on the theory nnd practice of medicine, and on obstetric medicine and the diseases of women and children. Communications addressed to the re gistrars from gentlemen willing to accept the appointment will be considered as confidential. l'itc lecture on "Man's Needs and Man's Pleasures," by Mr J. G. Burtt, announced to .take place at the Willianistown Mechanics' In stitute lost Thursday evening, was postponed in consequence of the inclemency of the weather. The Grcnvilie Advocate has no faith either in the provisions of the Sullivan Statute, or in the probability of its pnsslug the Hou«e. That journal says: — "We have refrained from ex amining Mr Sullivan's " Mining Statute'' simply because it will nrver become law, and therefore our examination of it would be use lessly expended. If the by-laws as at present existing bs unsuitable even in their respective districts, as they admittedly are, It is too much to expect that as'tnke in the hot of tho whole assortment will produce one applicable to the whole colony. Yet this seems to be the sum of Mr Sullivan's legislative exploit. But as we have already said, we do not intend to criticise what will never trouble us in the shape of law, suffice it at-present to say that, should it by any untoward circumstances become law in its pre sent shape, it would hare to be immediately re pealed, as in some instances it would render mining pursuits all but impracticable." Tito mateli between Ada nnd Chnncellor, for L1C0, carao off on Monday, on" the Albury course. Chancellor won easily. The .Botanical Gardens are beginning to assume a very wintry aspect. In all directions the " sere and yellow loaf " is scattered about, and with the exception of a few roses and other autumnal plants, tite flowers have mostly dis appeared. The lower portion of the garden still looks very barren nnd desolate, and tbe work men are yet employed In clearing away tho heavy masses of sand which were thrown up during tho late floods. The bridge which spans the river at this part is still closed to tho public. It has been found that the abutment on tho garden side bos sunk s» considerably as to affect the foundations of the arch and render it unsafe. It will be neceissary shortly to erect a new 'bridge, hut temporary repairs will be imme diately effected, so as to open the communication as soon as possible. In the glass houses there are several interesting plants in full flower. The rice piper tree is once again coming into full bloom. The Brurafelsia Raceinosa, an ornamental plaut of Indian growth, which has l.em in the gardens for some time, has just flowered for the first time. It has the pecu liarity of changing its colour from time to time. The Impnciens flaceida is another Oriental plant which is just now sten to advantage. The argyca nrgendea, a very pretty creeper, which during the last fivo or six years lias been trained ngainst the side of the palm house, lias for the first time produced a flower, very much resem bling tiie genus convolroltis of a common kind. The only other plant worthy of notice In this department is tho juaaulloa paradisiaca, which produces a pretty little bell-shaped yellow flower. In the grounds the cncephalartos lehmauul are thriving well. They are closely allied to the fern and pine family, aud are to be found near all coal formations. The Cornwall Chronicle states that Mr Barry Sullivnu and his company will appear at the Theatre Royal, Launceston, in about six weeks. The theatrical arrangements for this evening arc as follow: At the Riyal, the comedy of " The Honeymoon," with two farces, will he pre sented; and at the Hayin-rket, "I'izarro" will be repeated, with a farce, Mr and Mrs Kcan appearing in the play. Besdkjo Voluhtbbr Rible Company. — Last evening a meeting of this corps was held at the Rainbow hotel, for goneral purposes. During the evening Captain Taylor stated that he had called in the instruments of the band, in consequenoe of tbe want of funds to pay the bandmaster ; but he hoped in a week or so that tho band would bs re-organised, that it was his intension to got a bandmaster from town, and ho trusted that tho public would "fiord their pecuniary support.-- -Advertiser. 8:h April. 