.- THE WEEK. ?????.?? ... .... ? -, — $». ,. , , — : , . _ .. . , . r The English mail has this month arrived with more than usual punctuality.^ On- Wednesday,' a telegram was received stating that the South Australian branch steamer had arrived at Adelaide with -the '.mails.- for. that; colony,, and on Thursday afternoon the Bombay anchored in Hobson's Bay^ ' Shortly after, it was known that the ' mail was telegraphed ' from Adelaide, considerable excitement . was occa sioned in the city by a canard; which was very . industriously circulated, that England, France, .and Denmark had declared war against Austria, Prussia, and Kussia. The report, however, was soon- ascertained to be : incorrect, and it was generally understood . to have emanated from the office of a contemporary, and we doubt not con siderably facilitated the sale of its extraordinary, whichshortly afterwards made its appearance. From the news which we give elsewhere, it will be seen that although the war in America continues to be vigorously prosecuted on both sides, yet ' that in Europe affairs wear a more, pacific aspect, and there appears some probability of the Danish diffi culty being settled without the 'whole continent being— as was at one time appre hended — involved in one general war. The ministerial policy, as enunciated in the address of the Chief Secretary, appears to be pretty favor ably received by the press generally and, where it does not meet . with unqualified approval, the difficulty of propounding any thing better which would be likely to be successfully carried out is admitted. More animation is being manifested in election matters, and candidates have in several instances earnestly entered upon the work of the campaign. There is still, however, but a very limited choice of men who are willing to under take legislative duties, and a still greater paucity of those who are really eligible. An ' Expiree ' meeting at which Messrs Wilson, M'Kinnon, and Wemyss Jobson, with a few of their friends, were present, has been held during the week, for the purpose of taking steps to carry into effect Mr Wilson's scheme of convict exportation. The representatives of the press were not admitted, the two proprietors of the Argus deem-: ing it ;unadvi8able that publicity should, be given ; to the proceedings. By the way, Mr Wilson's latest excuse for his present Anglophobia is that he is a radical ! Fancy the proprietor of the Argus being a radical! Who would have dreamed Buoh a thing? .New South Wales will apparently stand alone in the apathy with which she views the continuance of transportation to Australia. South Australia has expressed her willingness to co-operate with Victoria. Tasmania has done the same, and the press of New Zealand, distant from us com paratively though that, colony is, has .also pro nounced in favor of the movement. The Echuoa railway is rapidly approaohing completion. In a day or two it will be opened all through for the conveyance of goods; and, ere the imposition of the Border duties by New South Wales, large quantities will have been conveyed by it to the Murray, whence 'they will be transported to New South Wales. It is said that the principal mer chants are laying in fully a twelvemonths' stock of goods, so that the' customs officers of the sister colony will have but little to do for some time after their appointment. : Some little interest is now being taken in the approaching elections for the Legislative Counoil. It is difficult to understand the apathy which ap parently, prevails in this matter. Almost without exception candidates for election to the Legislative Assembly declare the necessity for a reform of the Council, the several constituencies whom' they address endorse the avowal, yet still scarce any steps are being, taken to secure that reform in the most — in fact, in the only — practical way. The introduction of a liberal land policy whioh shall throw opea the country ' to all who are really desirous of settling in it, and which shall render it inviting to the most desirable class of immigrants from the mother country, is admitted to be the only means of establishing the prosperity of the colony upon a sound and firm basis. But how are the legislative enactments necessary to attain this end to be carried through Parliament, if, instead of a determined effort being made to fill the six vacancies in the Upper Chamber with men of intelligent, progressive and liberal views, the same six obstructionists are allowed quietly to go back into their old seats again, as an intolerable incubus to paralyse every effort made for the social and politioal advancement of the country? If the late members are re-eleoted, then no hope need be entertained of the accomplishment of a good Land Aot, or any other liberal legislative measure. The very fact of the return of these mexHbera will be triumphantly pointed to by the QkfiU'UQttYO, Chamber, aa. nroojj gps&YQ; tljat |liQ country desires no change, but, on the contrary, entirely approves of the do nothing' policy which has' been so eminently character istic of the Victorian lords. ? It must be ; remembered that the particular olass of which the Legislative Council has been almost exclusively representative have got for the present all they want, and, therefore, the Assembly will be unable to bring, any pressure to bear upon them by abstaining from legislation. Nothing will suit the views of the squatters and their dear friends in the; Council better than non-legislation. The land question, in its present chaotic state, precisely suits their views, and they would not complain though it were not altered for the next seven years. They have their runs secure, agricultural; settlement is well nigh an impossibility, and. what care they for the rest?' It has been proposed thatj in the event, of the ( continued obstruction of the Upper House, the Imperial power should be appealed to; but the, result of such an appeal is, to say the least, doubtful, and at any rate, even if successful, it would only be after the lapse of' a considerable period of , time. ? Therefore, if . any ?' beneficial change is to be worked in the Council the re formation must be commenced at once by: returning members to it of a totally different stamp to those whose tenure of office has just expired. In the absence of other eligible candidates it has been sug gested that some members of the Ministry should stand for two or three of the vacancies. Messrs M'Cullocbj Francis, and Michie, for instance,, would be pretty sure of election were they to come forward for three of the provinces, and their return would most certainly exercise a great in fluence on the branch of', the Legislature to which we have referred. The conduct of business in the Assembly . might safely be left to the other mem bers of the Ministry, and We think there would be but little difficulty in filling the vacancies thus caused in the Lower House by men of good liberal principles.' This solution of the difficulty is worthy of serious attention, for it must be evident that if no change is to be' effected in the Council all hope of any real reform may be pretty well abandoned. Conviots in New South Wales are evidently con sidered far more desirable members of society than Chinese. The former must be treated in the gentlest manner possible, and every care taken that their feelings be not wounded ; whilst, for the latter, no restrictions seem too harsh, no treatment too severe. Notwithstanding the heavy taxes levied upon them, they are treated as though they had no business in the colony, and they are, . in fact, denied any protection from the ruffians who , upon the gold-fields in the sister colony think it : mere sport to maltreat them. They ? are also for- ' bidden to mine upon the gold-fields except in certain localities, consisting for the most part, no doubt, of worked out ground, to which they are restricted under severe penalties. Only last week, for mining outside these limits, and daring to work in the neighborhood of a European, several Chinamen were sentenced to two months' imprison ment each. This is the justice that is meted out to members of an alien race in a British colony, ? and this, too, when,- with all the force of the British power, we in the native country of these unfortunate aliens are demanding equal rights and privileges with themselves; even at the' expense 'of the violation of the moat cherished, and by them considered the most saored customs.. Suoh conduct as this is a disgrace to the colony of New South Wales, and if our neighbors have any regard for their own character, they will see to it that such oppressive and shameful regula tions as those to which the Gbinoese are com pelled to submit are speedily abolished. They may be sure that even now to a certain extent they are reaping the reward of their folly. From the last returns published wo observe that during the present year the yield of gold has fallen off to the extent of ,82* per cent, and yet these absurd restrictions are placed upon a class of men who are most industrious, miners, who will profitably work ground that a European would not touch, and who if allowed fair play would, doubtless, materially add to the developement of the gold fields in which they labor. This has proved to be the case in Victoria, for in this colony several im portant discoveries have been made by them. As one instance we may allude to the Great Canton lead at Ararat, on which were assembled at one time between forty and fifty thousand persons, and from whioh an immense quantity of gold was obtained. The retort may be made that the Chinese have occasionally been ill-used on the Victorian gold fields. This may be true, but it has only been by cowardly ruffians, and when detected these have been visited with speedy punishment, whilst no attempt has ever been made to pluoa them by legislation in a worse position tUftd the. raenabora of It was but lately we had to notice a deputation to the Land Department concerning an applica tion for a grant of land for church purposes, when, a professed follower of Christ, and a teacher of his , self-denying religion, ;publicly avowed his intention of taking ' anything that was1 going.' Another of the cloth has evidently mistaken his calling, and has evinced talents which, however unfitted for his sacred office* would have served him admirably as a theatrical manager. The reverend, incumbent of Christ Church, South Yarra, with a, view to the drawing of a large collection for the purpose of pay ing off a church - debt, announced from the pulpit on Sunday last, that on the following Sabbath special services would be held, when Sir Charles 'Darling and Lady Darling would be present in the morn ing,; and .-. Mr ..John. Thomas Smith, ??: the Mayor of ? Melbourne, in the- eVening ! : A third member ot the class to which we refer, one who professes to be specially called to the mission of enunciating the , doctrines of 'peace on earth and good will towards men '—one who would be deemed so pure that he regards the imbibing a glass of wine as a deadly sin,' has just distinguished himself ' by delivering a lecture breathing forth nothing but malice and all uncharitableness. The, Reverend J. Mirams — for we hesitate not to disclose the name of one- who has so-disgraced his profession aud abused the : opportunities afforded him of doing good— in a lecture delivered by him at the Temperance Hall, on Tuesday evening last, indulged in . a most uncalled for attack upon the press of the colony, the insolence of which was only equalled by its mendacity. This Mr Mirams, whilst a great teetotaller, utterly ignores the apostle's injunction to be temperate in all things. Teetotalism with him' takes the place ; of tem perance and all the other virtues inculcated by the . religion he professes to teach. Annoyed that .the colonial press is not one huge teetotal organ, hurling maledictions at the heads of all those who believe there is no harm in the use but only in the abuse of the invigorating juice of the grape, he asserts that it is inferior to the, intellectual condition of the people, and that it failsto exercise any beneficial in fluence, in consequence of the low sooial position of : its members. The press, says Mr Mirams, does not advocate teetotalism, because it is under the in- . fluence of publicans and spirit dealers, and also be- ; cause journalists themselves are too much addicted to the intoxicating beverage ! The press, more over, according to the same individual, encourages ' drunkenness for the sak's of the sensation paragraphs drawn from that cause, the suicides, sudden deaths, and other revelations grateful to a morbidtaste ! We are not going to say that the press is. never abused. All good things are liable to abuse. Good wine is frequently abused. The power of the press may sometimes be abused, but worse, far worse than this, is the abuse of the sacred office of a minister of the Gospel. A confirmed drunkard is a sad sight and a Lad member of society ; but a for worse and more dangerous member of. society is he who, stealing the livery of heaven to serve the devil in — under the cloak of ? religion, proves himself a gross and malicious libeller of his fellow- citizens, and a dis seminator of the most mendacious scandals. Taking these three gentlemen as specimens, some ugly comparisons might be made between the Press and the Pulpit in Viotoria, if one felt disposed — ? comparisons that would not be at all flattering, to the latter. ' ' . ? . . A meeting of gentlomen favorable to the scheme of sending home expiree convicts with the view of thereby bringing transportation from England to Australia to an end was held, on Monday afternoon, at Scott's Hotel, Collins street. The hon. J. P. Fawkner, M.L.C., occupied the chair ; and there were also present, Mr E. Wilson, Mr L. Mackin non, Dr. Embling, .Mr Gideon Lang, Mr Kyto, Mr J. M'Kenzie, Mr Wemyss Jobson, Mr King (of Sargood, King aud Sargood), Mr Lockhart Morton, &c.; Mr Fawkner, on taking the chair, said that, as the meeting was one of a preliminary nature, he thought it would be as, well that the proceedings should not be reported. For his own part he was prepared to go a great length in this matter — fur- ther than some other gentlemen. Othera might be disposod to go further than he was. That being the oase, the views of everyone might be, greatly modified after some deliberation, and he, therefore, thought that till they had agreed to some particular course, their proceedings should not be made public. It was not usual for him to shrink from any course he had once entered upon; and what he had to do ho always did openly and fairly ; but, seeing that there were a number of gentlemen whose views might be all more or less different, some considera tion amongst themselves was necessary to enable them to determine upon a united course of action. He, therefore, proposed that reporters be not ad mitted, and that no one be allowed to take notes or publiBh an account of the meeting. The motion wfts pt (Mil Gamed, »$$ tbe. spp^rtei-g fwrd.jngiy ' left. The following resolutions have been forwarded,! to us, as being those passed at the . meeting, ' Ist^ That, since the British Government, in the face of .' all the remonstrances from the free colonies against: the continuance of transportation to Western Aus tralia, have carried through Parliament an act to ' perpetuate transportation to that colony, it now be-.' comes necessary, as a means of self-preservation,, for the colonists of Victoria, in: addition to the , steps ' that have been taken by the Government, the i; Legislature, and the Anti-Transportation League, to adopt other decided measures';; it is, therefore, re-' solved that the subscription already commenced., for the purpose of sending back to England expiree , convicts who were originally transported from, that-j country be kept open, aud that gentlemen in-r terested in the matter be invited to contribute.' ? ' 2nd. That a committee, consisting of ' the' hon. John P. Fawkner, Messrs A. Kyte, M.., G. Byrne, Thomas Napier, E. Wilson, Gideon Lang,i; Henry M. Murphy, L. Macldnnon,. and John 'Mac-; kenzie, be now formed, with power to add to. their '? number, for the purpose of carrying out the general^ objects of the meeting.' Messrs A.fKyte and John,' Mackenzie were also appointed to ^act in the capaci ;ties of treasurer and honorary secretary respectively. . It will be observed 'that the' most sensible man of the lot, Mr Wemyss Jobson, has been excluded : from ?' the committee,, probably to make room: for Mr ,' Miles Garrett Byrne. Might we suggest that the., first consignment be placed under the control of -the;, latter gentleman. .The whole . aflair . has become .' so ' contemptible that Mr Wilson and his colleague, Mr Byrne, may be left to carry out the ' arrangements'' undisturbed by criticism. . .. ,', ..-.'. .'.' \rj Professor Irving gave a. lecture, on Tuesday,; in the Prahran town holly on 'History in Language.''* The audience was comparatively small, but Belect,v_ as might be expected, considering the nature of jfie'1 subject. The lecturer began by remarking' pat r words occupied a place , in relation. to &e; history, o£;, man very similar to that occupied iby fossils in/I relation to plants and animals, both being . indica- tions of past modes of existence ; philology was there'-' fore a -science as much as geology. He then pro-' 'ceeded to show, by a comparison of words common '. to the ancient language of India and the languagea;; of modern Europe, that the nations of Europe oral really kindred races, sprung from a common an«- cestry, who were called Aryans, and lived in the;. North of India. A further comparison of words' r brought out in a very interesting manner] the do-; mestic and social habits of these hitherto unknown;: people, to whom, comparative philology had 'thus11 given ' a local habitation and a name.' ?MrT./Ti' .A'Beckett proposed a vote of thanks ; and the pliair- '. man, Mr Johnson, announced that a lecture would, be given, on the 13th, by, Mr Michie, on ' Human .-'. progress in new and old societies.' ': '''??.'' The Fanny Merriman was totally wrecked on' Christmas Island on the 17th June. The crew wera ; saved. Fears had been entertained of her safety in ? consequence of her non-arrival. She sailed 'from'': California for Sydney, with a cargo of breads'tuffa^pn:' the 24th May. The ship and cargo are fully insured^ —the cargo for £15,000 in the General, United Syd-7 noy and Victoria, in the latter for £2800 ; the ve3sel; for £5000 in the New South Wales and Smyth's ; ? and £1500 on the freight in the Pacific; ?.,. We. are glad to see that the sisterly devotion of ;! little Jane Duff towards her still younger brothera I is likely to be rewarded. Saturday's Geelong .Ad vertiser says: — 'the story of ' the lost children,'., of the Spring Hill Station, their wanderings and' sufferings, and subsequent restoration to their friends, has been read by every one, and will 'by.' many be remembered to the last day of life. In the down train, yesterday afternoon, the heroic conduct of Jane Duff forming the subject of con versation, a resolution was adopted to give some- -'. thing more substantial to the little maiden than ' empty praiBe ; and in a few minutes £19 waa promised towards a memorial fund of herself- . denying and self-sacrificing love, the donors being ... Messrs F. Pelcher, £5 ; John Guthrie, £2 ; John Wilson, £5; J. Galletley, £2; George Armytage, ? £2 ; H. Chirnside, £2 ; and William Wiggins, £1.! ?- The anticipation that a goodly sum would be col- : leeted as a testimonial to little Jane Duff bids fait ' to bo speedily realised. Tuesday's Geelong Ad- - vertiser says :— ' Tho testimonial iund increases so i ? rapidly and steadily that the anticipations of the promoters are likely to be more than realised, even if donors are sought for iu this district alone. The ' probabilities are, however, that other kind hearts in '. Melbourne and elsewhere will be glad to Bhare in making provision for the little maiden whose name . and whose self-denying love are on every tongue* ; The idea at present is to invest tho sum subscribed ? in Government debentures, to apply the interest in ' part to the purchase of an endowment payable on ; reaching tho ago of twenty-one, and partly to the _; cost of education, &o.; The total amount subscribed up to Monday evening was £62 10s Cd. Wo shall ! be toppy to, receive j^y subspiutieas to the, fond,1' 