CONTINENTAL NEWS. The London Conference for the peaceful settlement of the Danish question, met yester day at the official residence of the First Lord of the Treasury in Downing- street. The members present were as follows : — For Austria, Count Apponyi, and privy couneeller, Bregelebed. For France, le Prince de la Tour d'Auvergne. For England, Lords Russell and Clarendon. For Prussia. Haunt, Rerrmtnrff. oinl nrivv r.nnn cillor Baden, formerly Ambassador at Copen hagen. For Denmark, Baron de Bille,*' M. Quaade, the Minister and. councillor Krezer. For German Confederation, M. de Beusta, -Saxon Minister. For Sweden, Count Wachtmeister. After a long discussion, the Conference sepa rated without settling anything decisive. The basis for deliberation which Austria, Prussia, and the German Confederation agreed to — the integrity of the Danish monarchy, the political and administrative autonomy of- the Duchies, and the maintenance of the union as one single State — nexus socialis ; — Rendsburg to be made a German Federal fortress as a guarantee of the indivisibility of the Duchies. Lord Clarendon, after a conference with the Emperor Napoleon, returned to London and announced tue intention oi a ranee and .England to demand an armistice. France and England agreed to declare war againtt that power refusing to accept the truce. Meanwhile, during these negotiations, the brave Danes have suffered frightful losses, fighting to the last, relying on England and France for succour.. ??The Prussians, to the out rage of., humanity, bembarded Sonderborg without giving notice, thereby sacrificing un armed civilians, women, and children. After two months' gallant defence, Duppel was taken by assault on 18th April. There was great slaughter on both sideB; 3000 Danes were_ taken prisoners. The remains of the Danish army were massed in Alsen. Previous to the fall of Duppel, the Commander-ia-Chief requested permission to withdraw the army by night, the place being untenable. A telegraphic reply was received from Copenhagen that Duppel was to be held at any price. Several naval engagements have taken place in the Baltic, with varied success. Should Denmark lose Jutland as anticipated, there will only remain to King Christian the islands of Zealand, Fionia, Laland, Bornholm, and the email isles in the Danish Arcbipelago. AMERICA. New 1'oek, 14th April. Continuous rains have delayed military opera tions in Virginia. General Meade is making active preparations for forward movements. The Federals intend making a three-fold ad vance upon Richmond, viz., by Meade, across the Rapidan, by the Army of the Potomac ; by Smith, ,up the peninsula, where M'Lellan failed two years ago; and by Burnside, via Goldsburgh, North Carolina ; each army to be strong enough to cope with General Lee singly. It is said Lee intends advancing into Pennsyl vania. Kentuckv. and Ohio, thus for cine Grant to follow him or to abandon those States to his invading army. The safety of Richmond is considered secure, owing to its defences in garrison. Several engagements had occurred, in which the Confederates have been always successful. Great excitement prevailed in the Federal money market under symptoms of a currency panic. Gold reached to 189, and subsequently fell to 176J. In the House of Representatives on Friday, Mr. Long, of Ohio, spoke in favour of peace, ad vocating the immediate recognition of the Southern Confederacy. On the next day, the Speaker, Mr. Calfax, descended from the chair and moved Mr. Long's expulsion for treason. Mr. Harris, member for Maryland, defended Long, and prayed that the South might never be conquered. The member for IUainois then moved the expulsion of Mr. Harris, for which 4hprj* nrprp ftl v/ifac in {ov/mii* anii £R arrainaf This not being a majority of two-thirds, the motion was lost, but a vote of censure on Mr. Harris was carried. The expulsion of Long k still under discussion, and many democratic members endorse his opinions. The Louisiana election resulted in the success of the free state party. Arkansas has elected an anti-slavery legis lature. President Lincoln has issued orders for 200,000 men to be raised by the 5th April. Generals M'Lellan and Fremont have been Dominated for the presidency, but it is believed that Lincoln will be re- elected. Another conspiracy has been discovered in Kentucky, the object of which was to annex that State to the Southern Confederation. Mr. Seward's new Emigration Bill contains a clause to naturalise immigrants one year after their arrival, importing them, free of expense, nnrl fnrw aya m refund tnp noccfarro mnriAV and war bounty of 900 dollars if they choose. Twenty-five thousand Irish arrived within a month, and as Seward wants 250,000 a month, he expects to empty Ireland, and so strengthen America and weaken England. The general feeling in America is that the end of the war is approaching, and that the ensuing campaign will decide it. Should Grant be defeated, a recognition of the Southern States is expected. The Federal Senate passed a resolution refusing to recognise an European monarchical government in Mexico. FRANCE. Maz7.ini linn Vipen fried Tiv default, and firm demned to transportation. This sentence en ables the French Government to apply for his expulsion from England ; and representations have been made from the English Government that Mazzini's presence on British soil was a source of danger and anxiety to the French Cabinet. Cordial relations are again established be tween England and France instead of the cold ness prevailing since the affair of the Paris Congress. Lord Palmerston publicly stated this. Notwithstanding, the French Govern ment prohibited the holding of a Shaksperian banquet in Paris. An insurrectionary movement has broken out amongst the Arabs in Algeria, who attacked the French troops ; reinforcements have been sent from France to restore order. ITALY. The war preparations in Valeria excite alarm at Turin. Government is earnestly urged to prepare for the threatened attack by Austria. A bill has been introduced in Parliament, to raise a loan for the construction of iron- dads. The accounts of the Pope's health are very discouraging. The French ambassador and the French General commanding Rome will temporarily administer affairs in case of the death of the Pope. SWITZERLAND. Council have decided on the expulsion of Mazzirji from Switzerland, he having abused the rights of that country's hospitality. Orders have been issued accordingly to the different cantons. DENMARK. The KiDg's speech to the army declares their sufferings and losses will not be in vain, as they will bear fruit against the violence and injustice of the enemy, in a struggle the aim of which is the independence of their country. The inhabitants of Jutland forwarded an ad dress to the King, requesting him to persevere, and declaring their readiness to bear the burden of the war. AUSTRIA. The unsettled condition of the Austrian Empire has caused the postponement of the International Exhibition. RUSSIA. A battle has taken place between the Circas sians and Russians, in which the former lost 2000 men, and the latter 1500. The Circassians have taken refuge in Turkey, by consent of the Sultan, who sent five steamers to convey them to Sinope and Varna. POLAND., The Polish insurrection still continues. San guinary engagements have occurred between the insurgents and Russians. The latter still inflicting barbarous - outrages on defenceless women and children. - MEXICO. Maximilian has surrendered his right to the Austrian throne, and retains the title of Arch duke of Austria, with £12,000 per annum, and he departed for his seat of Government in Mexico. The French army in Mexico still continues successful, and have occupied Matamoraa and expelled the ex-dictator Santa Anna. INDIA. Calcutta, May 21. — Government paper 4 per cents.— 3f rupees discount. Exchange on London — First- class oredit 2s: to 2s. Id. Freights — To London, dead weight, 65s. ; jute, 75s. ; seeds, 60s. Bosibat, May 21. — The freight market still continues dull, and a further decline is ex pected. The rates for London are as follows : — Cotton, 30s. ; seeds, 35s. To Liverpool — Cotton, 45s. to 55s. ; seeds, 30s. Exchange on London, at sight, 2s. l|d. ; Calcutta, at sight, 99 ; Madras, 30 days' eight, 99 ; China, 60 days, 291. CHINA. April 29.— Colonel Gordon has recovered from his wound, and is again in the field, and as successful as usual. On the 11th of April he attacked batteries and rebels to the number of 15,000 at Waieoa, ' where they were strongly entrenched. After some shelling, their left flank being turned, they precipitately retreated, the regular Imperial troops, who are acting as auxiliaries to Gordon, pursued the rebels and cut them up severely — the line of retreat was literally strewn with dead. It is affirmed that four months more will terminate the Taeping rebellion. From Japan, or the other ports, there is nothing important. Exchange on bank bills, 4s. 9£d. ; Malwa and opium, 745 dollars ; Patna, 520 dollars ; Benares, 495 dollars. 