®bt «SfiBtttB Jtflomíng; j^eraW» WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1864. -"- 1 THE two standard pieces of telegraphic intelli- gence have of course been duly considered by our readers. The division in the Royal Family, the _ popularity of the PRINCE, and the early abdication of the QUEEN : this constitutes the first branch of intelligence with which we have been so frequently treated by wire, but which has hitherto found no confirmation in the papers. The other great point is the state of the POPE'S health. The good old prelate has been marked off for another world so frequently that some time or other the event will come without inflicting its proper measure of surprise. We find in the early pai ts of the telegram that his health is critical ; we are then informed thai the con- clave has assembled to choose his successor-a process, we believe, never even initiated until the Porr is actually dead ; but the last clause is that " the health of Pope Pius is estab- lished." In truth, his approximations to the tomb and escape from its shadow have been so frequent that there is no parallel save in the facetious companion of Mother Hubbard, whose exploits so often amused our childhood :- . *' She went to the undertaker to buy him a coffin, And when she came back the dog was laughing." The death of Pope Pius may be expected in the common course of nature before many years are over, but probably it3 effect on the condition of the world is greatly exaggerated, and that whoever succeeds to his office will succeed to his power. It will be a happy circumstance if his virtues should be equalled without a repeti- tion of his misfortunes. The QUEEN'S abdication is just one of those events for which our Constitution has made no provision ; and founded, as the story commonly is, on the popularity of the PRINCE, and his hostility to the Government of his mother, it must grate upon the mind of every good sub- ject. Indeed, the career of Parliamentary Government in England must be drawing to a close if the private opinion of the QUEEN or of her son is to govern the country. The success of the war as against Donmark has placed the position of that monarchy on a new basis. England, it would seem, has abandoned the Treaty of 1852, by which, the integrity of the Danish states was guaranteed, and the Àugustenburg succession abolished. The results of war rrçujt always, mere or less, I affect the territorial condition of States. It csn" hardly be expected that Germany, having been permitted by England and France to proceed so far, will recede to the former standpoint without a struggle. Nor can it bo supposed that, having refrained from coercion up to the present point, the Western Powers will fight to preserve the stipulations of those treaties that have been signed and violated alike by Prussia and Austria, iv mav not bo in the end a real disaster for the Danish monarchy to estopó from the Geiman influence even by the loss of German territory. The resolution of her ene- mies to embroil her with her subjects has more than once placed the monarchy in jeopardy. The new territory to which her sway may be hereafter circumscribed will be homogeneous, and probably more defensible. Her maritime power has shown forth in this con- flict, and in that very success is ominous to the ambition of those who have endeavoured to usurp her waters. If we had not had similar statements several times before we might infer something like active interposition from the items respecting our fleet. But when we turn to the past months we see the same statements in substance, with- out any confirmation in fact. Our last tele- gram, of the 5th May, told us that the French fleet was under sailing orders, and that its probable destination was the Baltic. We were also informed that the officers of our navy were ordered to join the fleet, which it was inti- mated would have a similar destination. We are now informed that Lord PALMERSTON ia anxious to send the British fleet to the Baltic, and that if he be not allowed to do so (by whom he is to be hindered we have yet to learn) he will resign, and appeal to the countij*. Eveiy one«who knows anything of constitu- tional government is perfectly aware that the Cabinet can send the fleet to the Baltic upon their conviction of right, and that they require no parliamentary confirmation of such a purpose, however subject their policy might be to futuro scrutiny. The spirit of a large portion of the British House of Commons may be inferred from the loud cheering which hailed the announcement of the Danish victory by sea. Not only would the country sympathise with a small naval power struggling aga'nst a Continent, but we may imagine that these tumultuous and long continued cheers were also tributary to the cause that the Danish flag then represented. But here our readers must beware of ascribing to the House of Commons the tumultuous cheer- ing of which it was the scene. How many would it require to produce all the effect described by the telegram ? Certainly one hundred out ! of the 600 might by their cheers raise the presumption of universal sympathy, since there is no recognised means by which a counter feeling can be expressed, not even the official attempts of the STEAKER to suppress the demon- stration. There can, however, be no doubt of the direction of British sympathy ; but England cannot act alone. France must concur, or England can only sympathise. To rush into a war involving conflict with the great Powers of Europe for any putpose not connected with the natianal safety would be a hazard no Minister would incur. The three Great monarchies which would naturally sympathise with Denmark are those paralysed by causes of coldness which have subsisted between them, and other interests which cross their traditional policy. Russia, while imbruing her hands in the blood of Poland, cannot speak with anything luce energy against the proceedings of Austiia and riussin, although she would naturally wish to preserve the power of Denmark as against Germany. England is unable to interfere while Russia stands aloof, and France is indifferent. Franco, disappointed and displeased by the view3 of Lord JOHN RUSSELX, has even apparently shown no eagerness to assist in this war. The telegram hints at sacrifices at the Rhine by which France is to be conciliated, but whether the sacrifice ia to be made at the expense of Prussia, or as the price of future annexations to be peimitted to Prussia herself, is left to con- jecture. Probably there is little exactness in the statement. That France aims at the acqui- sition of territory bordering on the Rhine is known to every European statesman, just as the ambition of Russia covets the subjugation of Constantinople. The time will come when these purposes will assume a warlike form whether in harmony with England or against her, no one can tell. We cannot be the policemen of the world. We can maintain an asylum for the persecuted, we can defend the liberty of speech, we can-defy the world in arras, but we cannot prevent tyranny or shield the weak against the rapacity of the powerful. It is perfectly clear that the con- fusion of continental politics has placed many nations in a position somewhat false, and is causing their Government?, either by conniv- ance or express concession, to depart from those landmarks of public policy which were always respected in former times. THE great crash of arms which has so long been anticipated in America has at length com- menced. Both sides have been gathering up their forces for a tremendous wrestle the general conviction being that this campaign will be the last. By the election of the Federals, the chief scene of strife is northern Virginia-a situation favourable to them in so far as it places them close to their base of operations, but un- favourable to them as associated with many previous defeats. Fighting is going on con- temporaneously at several different places, but the importance of these minor operations is quite secondary to the progress of the great campaign in Virginia. General GRANT'S policy is substantially the same as that of General M'C_EI__N, viz., to mass his troops ana push onwards by sheer force. Like M'CIELLAN, ' too, he attaches great importance to the capture of Richmond, and thinks it sound policy to neglect minor operations in order to concen- trate as much force as possible for the march on the Confederate capital. Like M'CLELLAN, too, his plan is to march by two converging routes, taking the mass of the army by one, and employing a subsidiary expedition on the other. He simply differs from M'CLELLAN in the choice of the principal route. He prefers the direct road southward from Washington ; the latter preferred the road by the peninsula, as having the subsidiary advantage of river naviga- tion as a help to the commissariat department. In estimating the probabilities of GRANT'S success, in his present forward movement, it should be remembered that M'CIEILAN was very nearly successful, and that, too, at a time when the Confederates were far less exhausted than they are now. He pushed his advance to within six miles of Richmond, and had a fair prospect of getting into the city when his plans were interfered with and spoilt. Subsequent disclosures have fully shown that the whole blame of the failure rests on President LINCOLN, who, whatever may ba Ms other excellences, is no General. His interference with M'C_"_i<4ii's plane was well- in.tentiQri.ed, but it was a iatailïïûnQê^awhâi^rTucil moment. He was alarmed for the safety of Washington in consequenco of JACK- SON'S defeat of BANKS at Winches- ter, and accordingly arrested M'Dowcr.rj's march southwards from Fiedericksburg and de- prived M'CLELI,AN of his expected and much needed co-operation. Instead of gettincr rein- forcements, M'CLELLAN found himself out- numbered, for JACKSON by one j-f IÙS forced. m?ÎOh?S avoiding his pursuers, joined the main Confederate army at Richmond* and helped to force the Federals back to the James River. The PRESIDENT is not likely to repeat this blunder, and, indeed, the form of GKANT'S movements do not give him the opportunity. JACKSON is no longer in the flesh to inspire terror, and Washington is in no danger, for we do not hear of any Confederates being in the Shenandoah Valley this time. GEANT has a higher military rank than has ever before been conferred on any American General ; and it is understood that he has stipulated for and been promised unfettered control of the entire army, j If he should fail, therefore, the blame will rest entirely on himself. So far as he has yet gone he has been mode- rately successful, as much so as could be ex- pected by those who have carefully studied his difficulties. That he could drive LEE'S army before bim like chaff was only predicted by the braggart wiiters who infest the American Press. GEANT himself could never have looked for anything less than a bloody and determined struggle. He is opposed to LEE, who is the greatest strategist the war has produced, who knows eveiy inch of the country, who has had three years to study it minutely, and who has prepared everything for a gradual retreat on Richmond. According to the accounts the numbers seem to be about equal on either side. The Federals are doubtless the best off for equipment and provisions, and have the greatest facility for bringing up îeinforcements. To set against that they have the disadvantage of being forced to attack entrenched positions. Our two telegrams do not quite coincide in their statements of how and where the fighting took place. But, at any rate, it seems clear that there have been two great battles, and that they I have terminated as so many battles in the same war have already done. A long, bloody, and apparently indecisive contest has ended in the undisputed retreat of the Confederates. The latter could not hold their ground, but the others weie too much exhausted and disorganised to pui sue. LEE has been forced back from the Rapidan to a position in the lear of Spotsyl vania couit-house. This is aboutten miles to the south-west of Fredericksburg, and about forty miles north of Richmond. If the rest of the journey has to be contested as obstinately, it will be a bloody match. In order to cut LEE'S communications, and force him to a more rapid îetreat, the Federal cavalry has been breaking up the railroads in his rear. BUTÍER is also advancing along the peninsula to attack Rich- mond on the eaßt, and it would appear that he is opposed by BEAUREGARD, who has been summoned up from Charleston to aid in the defence of Richmond. The battles are described as having been as bloody as any that have occurred during the progress of this deso- lating war. Even allowing for some extrava- gance in the numbers, the carnage must have been fiightful. But the loss must have been proportionately most heavy on the South. Half a dozen such battles, even though they were victories, and the South would be left without an army. The immigration from Europe, and especially from Ireland, helps the North to fill up the gaps in its decimated ranks. In many of the States, too, it appears volunteers can be ob- tained to protect the frontier. against any Southern raid, although they will not go south to fight. It is scarcely probable that the Confederates will continue to spend their strength so freely in the open field. Having failed to conquer the Federal army, they will most likely seek shelter behind the entrenchments of Richmond, and the wer in.Virginia may be expected before long to assume the form of a siege of Richmond. The place is said to be strongly fortified, but, if the railways communicating with it can be cut, it may be invested and reduced with less cost of life than has been talked of as necessary. General SHERMAN, who is now second in command io General GRANT, has also been making an advance from Chattanooga. He has captured Dalton, with the large number of five thousand prisoners. This is a further advance than has yet been achieved in that direction, and will be an encouragement to push on to Atalanta, where the great Confederate manu- factory of gunpowder is situated. The only Federal reverse of importance that is mentioned is in Louisiana, where General BANKS has been worsted in an attempt up the Red River. In consequence of this failure, he has been superseded. As a General, he has not been very successful, but as an administrator, and especially as the first to try and reorganise Southern society, by setting negroes to pro- ductive plantation labour under their old mas- ters, and yet under conditions of freedom, he will have a title to be remembered with respect. SYDNEY DISTHICT COURT.-BUSINESS ron TO-DAY. Jury Cause : Fieeley and others v. Commissioner for Railways. Jurors summoned for to-morrow, Thursday, Mta July, are hereby informed they will not bo required to attend. THE FLOOD KDI.IEI- FUND - Collections were made on Sunday lest at St. Thomas', North Shore, after a sermon by tee Rev. Vf. B. Clnrko, A.M., amounting to £49 Hi. 5d. At the eneuing service, at tho English temporary ohuroh, St. Leonard's, £11 12s. 7d. was oollected, making the wbolo£60 18B, TUB PILOT BOARD.-Mr. John B. Myhill, Harbour ma-ter, and Mr. Alezander Sell, Assistant Harbour matter, have been appointed members of tho Pilot Board for granting certiScates of compeionoy. PUBLIC POUND - Holland's Plains has boen appointed a " place for establishing, erecting, and maintaining a public pound." Inox TRADES' Bruer FUKD.-A meoting of the Iron Trades Belief Fund CommIttoo¡wfts held last night at the Lighthouse Hotel, SusEOx-etreet. Mr. Dalgleish, M.L.Û.,, occupied the chair. It was stated that tha amount of tho collections received up to the present time was £222 ITs. 6d. Thero wero lists of additional contributions yet to hortoeived. ¡SMOTHEUED TO DEATH IN A WELL -A fatal aocident happened yesterday morning on the Watorloo Estate, . where a well-elnker named George FoDto was smothered to death by the caving in of tho sides of the well, The parti- culars of this ead oasualty aro these. Deceased was ore- ' ployed by Mr. Bobert Brown to sine a well on premisos at ' the foot of Mount Carmel. He dug out the earth, formed of loose sand, to the depth ofaboveflftoenfeet. Ha began werk at nine o'clock yesterday morning, and had been at the bottom of the well but a few minutes when the sand cased in all round and burled him. It is understood that _ tho time of the occurrence the poor fellow was slabbing tho ' well by plaeing planks at the sides to prevent the -earth from (ailing in. Mr. Brown was near the mouth, of the well, and, with the assistance of four or five otb.or men, immediately began to clear away the eand in w/aioh de- ceased had becomo embedded, but they were not r"lo to got him out before half-past two o'clock in the afternoon, when, unhappily, life was extinot. Dr. Hansard waa in attend- ance awaiting the reeoue of tho unfortunate man, bat it was, of course, evident that human skill was then of no avail. Deceased was forty-five years of age, a married man, and he has left a family to lamont hie untimely death. CORONER'S INQUEST. —Yesterday the City Coroner held an inquest at the Turon Inn, George-street South, touch- ing the death of an illegitimate child named William Han- more. The jury's verdict recorded the facts of the case : " Deceased, aged four days, died from convulsions resulting from the cold and damp state of the house in which the mother resides. We consider the home is unfit for habita- tion, and ought to be pulled down." ^ïuxitTUDY oi' LAW.-Tho first of o series oflcoturos in connection with tho Sydney Mechanics Sobool of Arts waa delivered yentorday evening, by tho Han, J. F. Har- grave, Eeq , M L.O , on the Study of Liw as ft branoh of ' popular cduoation, Tbo audience was not nuwarom, but the lecluro WRB 1 if tor, ed to with mnrked attention. Tho obiiir was taken by the Rev. Q. H. Stanley, LL.B, After » fow preliminary obsorvations, Mr. Hargrave» endeavoured Hist to remove eomo of tho prejudioca whioh rxitt in eooiety against the study of law ; bo then ekotohod out a ootirso olaludj within tho lange of men of ordinary ability, and illuetrated by extracts from outhoruof OBtablieliod authority, Et me) of the great moral, monta!, and political rosulls of the eiudj of law by various peoples. It would bo easy, ha said, to fill a volumo with tho writings of poets, historians, moralielp, phi'oeopliero, and divinos who had oneored at lawyer-*. Swift, Cosgrove, Milton, Macaulay, and Brougbnm had done this ; nnd so had jT-i-v-fjom whoeo "Moral Philosophy" ho quoted. ?But ín uit* opinion tha oBlebratod portrait of on "dvooato drawn by Lord Brougham in hia defenco of Qaeon C*to-mo nal1 a°na mor6 tnM1 nnv otuor literary production to spre,?4 Rn orronoousoplnion in rogard to tho logal prolesBion and the' *"""' , , \, I?1-'Por- trait, however, was n mere rho*""01" and ?tt(»P0'088 monster, and neithor with regard toattornoT8 noroarriaters did it ponrtray tho dutios they performed, 'j...af0 wa.! no moro accurate dopioter of tho dutios of publlo poraOiT* l?m Shakspere, and throughout tho whole of his plays tüj"" would not find a lino derogatory to tho praolioo of tho piu feesion of law, though there wero many passages willoh' elevated tho dutios ond position of persons ongagad in tho ndminietratlon of justico. Portia, in " tho Merohant of Vonice, " was adduced OB on inatanoa. The only instanoo of on oppoBite kind was in Henry tho Sixth, whare Jack Cado reoommonds that, first, nil lawyora ehould bo klllod ; bul that exprestion was put into the mouths of robols. A knov, lodgo of many branohos of law was oasy of attiinmout. Wnrr6n'a popular odition of Blaokebno'a Commontarios (cno email volume whioh ho recommended) oontiiaod a clear and acourato basis, whioh oould bo built upon at will or pleasure. But law, uko over/ other sclonco, must bo studied in n systematic manner, and thoso who undertook it could not do bottor than observo the three great rules laid down by Lord Bacon in regard to public speaking, nimoly, -"reading mokes tho full scholar, writing makes the acourato scholar, and spoakiog makes the roady eoholar." Mr. Hargrave dwelt upon oaoh of those maxima separately, and explained how they might ba boat reduced to praotico. To understand the results of the study of law ;t would bo necctsary to glanco at cduoation gonorally. The ancient Greeks sot themsolvoi to work maifully and earneitly to cultívalo their intolloots according to the light thoy had. Tho Bornons, on the oontrary, sought lo make men powerful and victorious soldiors, and law formed but a small portion of their studies. Amongthe Jews, on the contrary thsstudy, of law was tbo only object of cduoation. Tlso study of the civil law of Rome, and the maintenanoejof that study by tho ccclesiastios of tho middle ages, had an important rosult in restraining the despotism of tho feudal systom. Ia our own country there was nothing moro worthy of oaroful attention, Wo had not only tho maxims of ojmmon law, but also what no other nation posses.od-an unbrokon serios of legitlativo onaolmonta ombraoing a poriod of 700 years, and extending to the present time. It might bo thought that this would bo an exosedingly diffloult study, but tho fact was, tho wholo of the staliatioj now in operation, from Magno Charta down tq the present timo, wore reprinted in ono volume, end woro as eaBy of ooraprelionsion as our own Constitution Aot. Mr. Hargrave road from Burke'« speech on the " Resolutions for Conciliation with Amorioa" to shew tho importance, in n political sense, of tho study of law, and conoluded by dirooting tho ntton tion of his audienoo to some reas ans why thoy ehould possess Bomo degroo'of legal knowledge. They wero, first, the extension of industry and the incoase ol wealth whioh had taken plaoe during lato years , second, tho great extent and universal operation of tho Jury systom ; third, tho establishment of county and distriot courts ; fourth, tho expansion of the municipal prinolpla ; and fifth, tho extention of political powor to the millions of sooioty. Ho assured thoso who hoard him that, if they entered upon these studies, tboy would bo amply rowarded in their own mind?, and that their labours would ha facilitated by books of moeUrn times, whioh had made every subject as simple one! easy as it was twenty years ago tho reverso A hoirty volo of thanks was given to Mr, Hargrave ot thocloso of tho lecture. Si. MAHV'B LiTrnAEY INSTITUTE, BALMAIN-.-Yes- terday evening, the membors of St, Mary's Literary In- stituto, Balmain, gave one of their periodical ontertain ments, at which thero was a very numoroua nttaudanos notwithstanding the unfavourable Btate of the weather. The programme consisted (as usual) of vooal music and readings, and appeared to givo every satisfaotion to the ladies and gentlemen present. The ontertoinmont oom menced with the admired old glee, "To all you ladies," which WOB sung by several members of the instituto. The ucxt vccftl performances wore, " My Native Home," " A Solo," and a "Sailor's Song," all of which went off well,-especially the last which was given in o vory spirited style, and narrowly esoipad an encore. A three- voiced song in parts, was also highly succef-iful, and BO too was "The Flowers of May." In tho next piece, " Under tho willow sho's sleepfng" (Christy's), (ho voioes of the members har- monised very sweetly-so much BO that it was deoidodly tho gem of the evening. Mr. Edward Roevo road two pier is of hi« own oomp isition-" My Birth Place, a reverie," end "The Wife Spirit." A member of the sooioty also read, with touoh good taste and emphasis, two stiiklag scones from Fbakespeire's Julius CaMar-tho address of Brutus to tho Roman people, and the funeral oration of Mark Antony. Mr. Dean presided at tha pianoforte. Tho ent-rtainmeñt terminated with tho National Anthom, fhortly before ten o'clcsk. KEMLT FUND.-A literary end musical ontertoinmont was given in the Tsmporancs Hall on Monday oveaing, by the choir and members and friends of tho Unitarian Christian Churoh, in aid of the fund for the relief of tho > uiTerere by the lato disastrous floods. The use of tha hill wsB granted free of expenso ; the piano used on the oooa sim was very kinelly lent by Mr. Buist, of George- atrcot ; and the musical part of the entertaiament waa under tho nblo management of Mr. G. Stenner, the organist of tbe Macquatie-atrcet chapel. The tickets ani programmes were supplied gratuitously by Mr. R. Bone, printer, Plt'< street. ENTBIITAINMENT - L8st evening, the pupils of M.\ Cane's academy gavo an entertainment at the Schoolroom in Stanley-street. The programme consisted of a numbsr of miscellaneous recitations, including not only the beet standard pieces from our school books, but some choies [elections from first-class British dramatists, Thore was a good attendance. A fee for admission was ohargod, and the proceeds aro to bo devotod to the relief of eufforera by the floods. LECTunr.-The Rev. G. H. Moreton delivered, yester- day evening, his usual monthly historical lecture, in the Infant Sohoolroom, Castlereegh-street. There waa a very numerous attendance. Tho chair was occupied by Mr. Johnson, Tho subject of the lecture was tha Reign of James 1., the principal occurrence» in whioh wero related in a very instructing Btylo, and were illustrated by allusions to the manners and sooiol customs of the English people in the seventeenth century. The îoeture was listened to with much attention, and on its conelueion a vote of thanks was given to the rev. gentleman. Inox Our.-Some very fine specimoc» of iron ore, brought from the Hely estate, at Brisbano Water, by Mr. Deputy Commissary-General Strickland, may now be seen at the office of Mr. R. P. Raymond, in Bridge-street. These speoimenB are considered by competent judges lo b3 very rich, ond they certainly tend to show the mineral wealth of tho Brisbane Water distriot. It is understood that his Excellency Sir John Young sfgnified his intention of examining the specimens referred to to-day. BOOTH'S SAW MILLS. - On the southern shore of Bal- main, near the head of Johnstone's Bay, is situated one of the largest steam saw mills in the colony; the proprietor, Mr. John Booth, having expended upwards of £14,000 in the creation of the necessary buildings and machinery. There are two engines of 21-horse power each, by Messrs. Easton and Co., which communicate with the various appliances for cutting the heaviest logs or turning the smallest piece of the cabinetmaker's work. Among other portions of the machinery there is a very elaborate planing, turning, and grooving machine, by Powell and James, of London, of the latest pattern; also a self-acting rake bench for circular cutting, and two small table benches, and so admirably adapted are the various arrangements that a sixty-feet log can be hoisted in and the saws set to work in twenty minutes; 70,000 feet of timber being turned out weekly. But the most noticeable fact connected with this establishment is the application for the first time of steam to the building of vessels, Mr. Booth having built and launched a fore and aft schooner of seventy feet long and sixteen feet beam, in the short space of five weeks. The vessel has been built for the Lake Mac- quarie trade, where light draught of water is the primary object; she has therefore been constructed on the centre-board principle, and will only draw when loaded four feet six inches. The whole of the planking, timber, floors, and knees, have been cut entirely by saws worked by steam, thus saving at the least one-half of the time and labour; which would be expended under ordinary circumstances. It appears extraordinary to witness the speed with which a tough knee or other piece of timber is placed on the machine and out to the required form, with the certainty of its fitting correctly. The windlass was turned out of hand and taken on board the schooner in three hours from the tim the log was taken into the shed. This piece of work would occupy a ship- wright some days. It must also bs borne in mind that the cutting of ship timber is not confined to craft of this size, the knees, &c.;, for the largest vessels can be formed on the same principle and with equal dispatch. Altogether the establishment is alike a credit to the colony and the pro- prietor, and will well repay the tronble of a visit. ILLEGAL PRESENTING OF FIREARMS. - On Thursday last, Mark Gallagher, committed by the Burrowa bench for presenting a loaded pistol at his wife, with intent to wound her, was received into Yass gaol to await his trial at the next servions. He was under escort of two of tho Binalong tre opere. Between two and three years ago the prisoner discharged a loaded pistol at his wife, but the but let with wb.fch it was loaded fortunately missed her. Her face, howf ,ver, received the full oharge of powder. Impro- priety of, conduct on her part was assigned as the oause of the lrjurflerous assault, Gallagher was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, but owing to the partioular oiroum étantes ot his case, and his good conduot whilst in gaol, nin_ months of his term of punishment were remitted. It e.ppears that immediately after his liberation he foolishly , sought out this woman, and oommittod the offenoe which bas again brought bim within the meshes o/i tho law,-Tim Couriftt 